J (.
1^'
‘A
iDITORIAI.
: ■■■
Coed Editor Suggetf*
Sorority Rush fteVHUnt
J
Volume 53ir fTo. 30
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, October II, 1941
Beveridge Student Art Guild, Union Talks Start To Continue Film Series
Tuesday
Winners Will Receive Hays, Ankeny Trophies Elimination speeches will mark the opening of the fifteenth annual Albert J. Beveridge Speech Contest Tuesday afternoon at 4 in room 301 of University Hall. Seven contestants will be chosen at that time for the finals which will be held on the following Tuesday. Entries for the contest must be delivered to room 386 of the Union before 5 p. m. Monday. All Frosh Have Equal Chance Formerly known as the Ankeny Contest, the Beveridge Contest is sponsored by the University Forensic Board and offers both unorganized and organized freshman men opportunities to win awards and campus recognition. The Hays trophy, a silver loving cup awarded by the Hays Jewelry Company of Lafayette, will be presented to the winner. This trophy then becomes a permanent possession of the recipient. Ankeny Cup Award The Ankeny Cup will be awarded to the organization garnering the largest number of points. This cup can be retained permanently by any organization winning the contest for three successive years. In the past various fraternities have held the Ankeny Cup for a year, but for the last two years Cary Hall West has won the trophy and can retire the cup by winning this year. Speakers should choose subjects, with a delivery time of five minutes or less,, pertaining to national problems and up-to-the-minute questions of today. Subject Matter Sources Subject matter for the various speeches will be on reserve in the reference room of the library, or may be taken from any source at the student’s disposal. Further information on the contest may be obtained from your house debate manager or from the office of the University debate manager in room 386 of the Union, a.p.h. Board Will Examine Students For Flying U. S. Army Air Corps will establish a traveling examining bear’d here Oct. 28 to give physical examinations to applicants for the University unit of “flying cadets.” Any student between the ages of 20 and 26 with two years of college work or its equivalent is eligible to apply as a flying cadet. Fuither information is available at the Adjutant’s office in the Armory or from Lt. Col. E. H. Hicks or Lt. John J. Gral^^m. e.l.s.
Little Movie Convos, started for the first time last year, will soon get under way again. A series of programs of fictional and non-fic-tional, foreign and ddmestic films’ have been arrang^. The first series is scheduled to be shown-Nov. 11
in Eliza Fowler Hall.
These films which are being sponsored by the Student Art Guild and the Student Union, according to Bob Parks, speaking for these organizations, “are primarily for students, so that their enjoyment and appreciation of motion pictures, most popular and easily understood of the arts, may be deepened.” However, members of the faculty and
staff may also buy tickets.
Not Same As Thursday Convos The programs are not the same as the ones being, shown on Thursdays in the Music Hall. Little Movie Convos are presented “because of their significance in photography, music, literature, ait and science, and also because of their significance as milestones in the development of the film as the single most vital educational force of our times. All who are interested in films from .a standpoint of aesthetic
or technical developments should enjoy these programs.” Last year the Art Guild presented three film programs on a subscription basis of 60 cents for the series. Six programs are being presented this year for 40 cents for the series. The tickets, which are only 715 in number, are now on sale at the west desk of the Union and are also being sold by Student Union and Art Guild members. Ticket Sales Sale of tickets will continue until the first program. No tickets for single programs will be sold at the
door.
The programs will include Charlie Chaplin in “The Tramp,” the first Mickey Mouse cartoon, Disney’s Academy Award winner “The Country Cousin,” several U. S. government produced documentaries, a “March of Time,” a British documentary film of civilian life in war time, “Ferdinand the Bull,” and the French veision of the “Three Little Pigs” which Disney prepared especially for distribution abroad. Feature length films include “Man of Aran,” “Maedchen in Uniform,” “Harvest,” “The Spanish Earth,” and “Biith of a Nation.”
Fraternities To Start Contest Of Pie-Eaters At Corner State, Grant . Pi Kappa Alpha and Pi Kappa Phi fraternities will resume their
Triangle
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Warren Burres, Indianapolis.
main WBAA studios by 3:20 p. m.
Varieties Cast
The new cast for “Campus Varieties” will include: Becky Ann “Penelope” Pervine, Charlie “Bushy Lip” Powell, Fred “Cloudy Weath-
er” Conger, Jim “Mister Cue” Hob- . . , T. iin/r- T-i i >1 T-. 1 possession of the pie-plate trophy son, Betty “Miss Fortune” Eiick „ in
starts at the corner of State and Grant* streets; from this starting point the entrants run to the Union steps and devour bluebeiry pies. The first man to finish a pie wins the contest, and his house receives
and Bill Stewart, master of ceremonies. k.r.
Freshman Coed Hygiene Class Exhibits Clothing At Gymnasium By Jane Ramsdell '
Fashion to fit the personality, one of the most talked of subjects among the coeds, is now being incorporated into the discussions of the freshman hygiene classes. In connection with this topic, an exhibit has been put on display in the hygiene room of the Women’s Gym and is open to everyone. Typifying themselves, which ‘ is done by most girls instinctively, the coeds in the class use the analysis to choose the latest fashions that will be best suited to their lines, coloring and personality in oi’der to make them more attrac-
tive.
Size Selection General proportions such as weight, coloring and tendency of body lines are taken into consideration when choosing school clothes, formal wear, accessories, or type of hair-do. Illustrations for the tall girl include short skirts, wide hat.s, largo accessories and breaks in line by
the use of color and material varia-
tion.
Short Girl’s Selection The shoit girl is pictured in long unbroken lines, high waist lines, longer skirts, small hats and accessories, and limited use of jackets. Angular figures may be smoothed out by the use of curves, heavy fabrics, gaiments that fit at the wtiist, hips and wrist and include
a detail.
Plump figuies, which are the concern of a majoiity of the coeds, are given slenderizing effect in garments that do not fit too snugly, thin fabrics and vertical, unbroken lines. Dark c.olors and fabiics of dull finish help to minimize the pudgy appearance. ^ , Suggestions as to the coiffure best suited tot: the various types of faces, colors that will blend most effectively with personal coloiing, and types of fabrics avadable this season, are subjects also included in the exhibit.
Jail Birds To Dance In Both Ballrooms Of Union Tonight, 9 Novel Mixer Features Bob Roderick's Band Bob Roderick and his band from the University of Illinois will provide the music for the Union’s novelty jail mixer to be held this evening from 9 to 12 in both ballrooms. Roderick is comparatively new on the campus but his vocal trio and his reed sections
Hubbard Will TeW PI edgings Of Oomiak Trips Cl6se Coed
Rush Today
Traveling eastward after lectur- ]
ing at Reno, Nevada, yesterday and Previously used modfes of propul
Chicago today. Rev. Bernard R.
Visitors May Attend Broadcasts At WBAAStudios In Afternoon
\
WBAA will feature two programs open to audiences this afternoon. “Radio Stage” will be presented at 1 p. m. and “Campus Varieties” has been scheduled for 3:30. “Radio Stage” is the oldest regular WBAA production. It has been broadcast every week for the last five years. This, afternoon’s program will present'“East Lynne” by Mrs. Henry Wdod, adopted for this
radio performance by Paul Roden. Those who wish to attend the broadcast should be in the audience studio in the Music Hall by 12:46 p. m. The audience will be limited
to 40 persons.
“East Lynne” Revival
“East Lynne” was first produced in 1861 in the era of gas-light theatres. The radid performance will attempt to recapture the same mood which prevailed in the perform-
ances of yeais gone by. The same ^■mual pie-eating feud next Weddramatic cliches and emotional nesday afternoon at 4:30 on -the tricks will be used in this more fiont steps of the Union, modern piesentation. fraternities, the only
“Campus Varieties” is an hour musical comedy program which has
been featured during winter ses- competing for pie-eating honors for
sions in the past few years. This
year’s cast will be entirely new and victorious. The Pi K A’s weie the
will headline music by Mauiy Mahn .^v,„ners last year,
and his orchestra. A ten-minute
, ,. , , -n 1 u • WBAA will broadcast the fray dramatic production will also be in- . , . .k ,
,. from 4:30 to 4:46 with a bite by
eluded in the program. The audi- , , , . j, ^ , ,
J. 1 • bite description of the struggle be-
ence must be in the large studio in , . , , ,, ,, „ ,, tween six Pi Kappa Alpha’s and the Music Hall across from the , ,
SIX Pi Kappa Phi s. The contest
Hubbard, better known as “the Glacier Priest,” will tell the story of his fourteenth Alaskan expedition at 3 p. m. tomorrow in the Music Hall. After Father Hubbard’s talk, a reception will be held for him at 4:30 in the east faculty lounge of the Union. Father Hubbard has shown a great desire to meet students. The reception will offer both students and faculty members an excellent opportunity to become acquainted with the famed Arctic exploier. Refreshments will be served by the Union to those who attend the reception. Second Regular Convo This will be the second in the regular series of convocations for the year. Admission will be granted to those presenting passports or season tickets. All others must pay the regular ticket prices of 56 cents. In his talk, entitled “Oomiak Adventures in Aictic Alaska,” Hubbard will describe the details of the specially built equipment which was used on his recent trek to the Alaskan coast. Uses Steel Power Boat Among the special equipment used was a twenty-six foot stain-
sion.
Boat Startles Eskimoes
Many Eskimo tribes which Hubbf&'d met during his-journeys were startled to see a boat that could travel at 40 miles an hour. They imagined that it was an airplane without wings. The speedboat was used on two occasions! once on a trip to study the Eskintib-Janguage ^
and again on a minerological re- signing of pledge preferences
by the rushees.
Also used on the voyage was an
Rushees Must Return Bids To Pan>Heliente By 2 This Afternoon Rushing activities of the past week were brought to close last night with the
oomiak fashioned by the natives of Reverend Bernard Hubbard, Santa Clara’s famed “Padre of the Glaciers” has a prized ftolden bear skin, a souvenir of one of his many exploration trips to Alaska. Father Hubbard has offered to mount the skin in the Santa Clara Field House if the Santa Clara Bronchos defeat California next Saturday at Berkeley. ^
Bob Roderick
for the following year, d.e.b. Newman Club Will Hold Breakfast Tomorrow Newman Club, Catholic students’
oiganization, will hold their second monthly breakfast of the year tomoirow morning in St. Maiy’s Auditoiium, just after the 9:30 mass.
Dr. A. A. Smith of the Sociology
Department will be the guest speaker. He will talk briefly on “A Chiis-
tian Personality.”
The breakfast is free to members of the club, and 25 cents per plate to anyone else attending, v.v.v. Newton, YWCA Prexy, To Head DePauw Meeting Ruth Newton, president of University YWCA and Indiana area chairman, is presiding over the YWCA area conference being held at DePauw University yesterday and today. Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women, is also attending the conference. Bonnie Swope, local vice-presi-dent, is leading the marriage discussion group, of which Prof. 11. E. Wilkeniiig of the school of Physical Education will be chief speaker. The conference will end with a luncheon at noon today, e.l.s.
have made him a popular favorite at other midwestern university dances. Over These Prison Walls Backdrop for this unusual dance will feature a jail barred windows and other things that make up a characteristic jail setting. Arrests and sentencing will be in order during the dance as a special dance comii'iittee will be allowed to arrest any couples on the floor for infractions of the rules. After being arlested the couples will be ariaigned before a judge who will pass sentence on the law breakers. Penalties and sentences are unknown and as yet no one knows the laws of the dance; nevertheless the committee is determined that the dancers shall learn to observe the old proverb “Crime Does Not Pay.” Price for the dance will be ofie dollar or 99 cents fine and one cent in costs, as the Union adver'tising staff’ lists it. Fraternity Leaders Convene October 3h Regional Intefraternity Conference will be held on the campus on Oct. 31 and Nov. 1, to w’hich fraternity men fronr all sections of the Middle West will come to take part in meetings and discussions. This conference will be sponsored by the Fraternity Affairs office. I Regional corrfcrences are held yearly, both to strengthen interfraternal bonds and to better acquaint the undergraduate leaders with the many problems lacing fraternities. Last year the corrference was held at Ohio State and a very successful meeting was reported, d.e.b.
less-steel cabin boat provided with
an eighty-five horsepower engine, der, suicide, diyorce, venereal disThis electrically-welded speedboat ease or vermin for the past 50 years, was constructed to resist the im- Father Hubbard believes that the pact of heavy ice floes and was the Eskimos are of Mongol extraction#
King Island, where Hubbard spent 18 months on his latest expedition. The oomiak, an old-fashioned Eskimo canoe made of walrus-skin, required a year for construction. Father Hubbard calls King Island the strangest village of the far
north as it has experienced no mur- National Pan-Hellenic Conn-
Today invitations for pledging will be distributed. Giris living in the Residence Halls will receive their bids in their mail boxes while town girls will call for them in the Pan-Hellenic office in room 204 of the Union between 10 a. m. and 2 p. m.
Return Bids By 2
All bids for pledging must be returned to the Pan-Hellenic office by 2 p. m. today. Following this pledging will take place in each of the houses of the eight national sororities on the campus. Rushing activities have been carried on this week under the direction of the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council made up of representatives of each of the sororities. In addition Mrs. Clara Rader, a member
first of its kind ever to be built. Father Hubbard’s 16 years’ expel ience in reading Arctic weather enabled him to make a 300-mile ilash without mishap with only a
and that they fled from Asia to Alaska before Ghengis Khan, the Mongol conqueror. He mourns the coming of the white man’s civilization to the Eskimo. It has destroyed
compass to guide him. The speed- a once pure race with disease and boat proved to be much faster than degeneration, says Hubbard, k.r.
PIA Sponsors Social Dance Class Starting Honda¥K|g!itAt7:30 Over 150 men have already signed up for the social dancing classes sponsored by PIA which are to begin Monday. The classes will be held every Monday from 7:30 to 8:30 p. m. in the Union ballrooms. The ten lessons of the course will cost PIA members $2.50. All girls are cordially invited to come free of charge. Chuck Hansen, PIA vicepi esident, is chairman of the dance
classes.
The dance instructor is Mrs. Dun-
Senior Pictures All seniors who have not yet had their pictures taken should make arrangements today at the Debris office in the Union to have pictures taken this afternoon between 1 and 4. If pictures are not taken by this time, seniors must travel to Indianapolis at their own expense for photographs.
Women's Residence Halls Elect Officers Of Governing Board
Governing board of the Women’s
can of the Duncan Dancing Acad- Residence Halls announced yester- layout
emy. She will begin by teaching the fundamental steps. After these have been mastered she will teach the latest and most modern steps, including jitterbug styles, s.r.b.
Music Room
, . . will officially open its 19411942 season on Sunday afternoon, Oct. 19, at 3 p. m. The University Concert Choir, under the direction
day the election of the officers who will preside over all three halls for this year. The officers are as follows: governor, Mildred Owens, Sci. ’41, Wood Hall; social chairman, Emily Squires, H.E. ’44, Wood Hall; secretary - treasurer, Ruth Emery, H.E. ’43, South Hall. These officers for the Halls as a unit were elected from the members of the governing board, which is made up of the president, secretary.
cil was on the campus to serve as
rush adviser, r.h.r.
Prof. Yeneman Writes Article About Froz# Food Locker PlauM Prof. H. G. Venemepn,'^ttE School of Mechanical Engineering* has written a two. page ar%le,jBi “Locker Plant Operation ProblenSs*^ which was published in the July issue of Quick Frozen Foods. The article was prepared from an address delivered before the first annual conference of the Indiana Frozen Food Locker Association. Seven major factors which adversely affect the power and water costs required to operate the refrigeration system are contained in the article, which also suggests means for preventing or remedying defects. The Lafayette Food Lockers plant here was used to illustrate the points brought out in the dis-
cussion.
The article contains a table of
mean average temperatures, power costs, and water costs for each month during 1939 and 1940, in addition to sketches showing the plant
Prof. Veneman is recog-
nized as an authority on refrigeration systems for locker plants,
w.e.r.
of Albert P. Stewart, will present social chairman, and one represena piogram of music. tative from each of the halls, a.p.
Loaii Foods Help Students To Obtain t Education - A 39 Year Service Record
By Dale Butz Student Loan Funds administeied by the University have made rapid stiides forwaid since the first loan fund was established in 1900 by S. E. Perkins and his wife who donated $1,200 as a memorial to their son Volney E. Perkins of the class of 1901. During the last thirty years the number of funds available has increased from one to 123 and the amount of money available for loans jumped from the original $1,200 to almost $79,000. Funds Vary In Value The funds vary in size from $5,900 in the R. B. Wetherill Educational Fund to $26 in the Anonian Literal y Society Loan Fund. Together they make up the September 1 balance of $37,184 in outstanding loans and $42,606 in cash on hand. Upperclassmen Preference Juniois and seniors are given
preference in obtaining loans, but loans are made to sophomores who are considered good risks. Loan application blanks, which are available in Dean M. L. Fisher’s office, must be filled out and approved before the student can receive a loan. On this blank the prospective borrower lists the signer of the note, three references off the campus, and a budget of his expected earnings and expenditures for the year. Loans up to $200 are made with an interest I’ate of four per cent. The loans must be appi'oved by a loan committee made up of faculty members. High Percentage Repayment According to Dean Fisher, who has served on the loan committee for about 25 years, the loan funds have made quite a record, not only in the number of loans made, but in the high percentage of repayment.
From 1901 to 1939 loans amounting to $323,085 were made to 4,043 needy students. The repayment record was nearly perfect until about ten years ago and now only a fx-ac-tion of one per cent prevents the University from having a perfect recoi’d fob 39 years. During all the years the income from the interest has been more than enough to cover all the bad loans. Expenses of administering these funds are absorbed entirely by the Univei’sity. This means that all the interest collected is returned to the funds and thereby increases the principal. Through the years many students have borrowed from the loan fund and thus many weie able to finish their college education who otherwise would not have been able to do so.
Wesley Foundation Holds Week-end Retreat At Battle Ground Assembly Tonigfil Wesley Foundation retreat will be held tonight and tomorrow at Battle Ground. All students ejecting to go must register at the Foun* dation office by 10 this morning. Cars will leave the Methodist Student Center, 116 Sheetz Street, at 5 p. m. Women students are to sign Out from their I'espective residences, following the normal procedure an,<l using out-of-town slips. Cost of board and room foi’ the overnight stay will be 50 cents. Rev, and Mrs. Balsley will act as chaperones. ■. As a prelude to the retreat, the Foundation held a “football” partj*^ last night in the “work-out gym,’* room 363 of the Union. AK the guests were dressed for and the decorations and entert^hlc ment carried out the footbaB k.e.r. Union To Rreseni Secoildl Tea Dance Tuesday Al 4 Second in the bimonthly series of Student Union sponsoi'ed tea dhncea will be held next Tuesday afternoon, from 4 to 5:30 in the nojrth ballroom of the Union. Music for the affair will be f\|^ nished by records of the latesjfe hits played by the country’s, teeing bands. Students will be ted free. a.p.h. ,
■M - *7
’-I §Mcpo^m^ mdUonmhvR(ige>‘
'^diuridy;\Oeiothrd^Tl9^f^^ ^ |
(»A
^Qoed Rush Revision?
tfollowing a rule adopted by the Pan-Hellenic Council last year the names of new soroiity pledges are not appearing in this morning’s Exponent. The plan was initiated to try to ease some of the hurl feelings of both the sororities and thpgnis who did not leceive sorority bids. Whether this excuse will satisfy the cuiiosity of the entire campus remains to be seen We do admit that this is a step forwaid and the council is to be commended However any girl, organized or unorganized, IS aw^are of the numeious faults still connected with coed rush. The Pan-Hellenic Council, too, must be aware of these faults or they would not ha\e taken this action to eliminate one of the maioi ones We realize that no lush system can ever near perfection but we also believe that with the sinceie elfoits of the Council o^r system here could be greatly impioved and many of the faults that have been so evident duiing the past week could be eliminated i h r.
.ne Ratio-
3.d3 ^ » • • • f O 1
LETTI^RS TO THE lEBfTOft
Fuday, Octobei 10, 1941
To the Editois of the Exponent;
produce these same pictures. Purtheimoie, why just bung up movies’ Newspapers aie the gieatest molders of public opinion Only one, the New Yoik Times, noted foi its impaitiality, is owned by Jews Explain that away, Mr. Perly.
WBAA
A/EE
TODAY
Well, people, the dunks were on Phil Murray last night because the Phi Dells finally bioke down and decided to initiate him, why, we don’t know It was probably to save the jeweleis the trouble of making a special jeweled pledge pin foi him Sigma Nu “Say, biothei, how’s chances of getting a ticket to Military Ball’’’ Brother* “Who wants it’”
VttSlIlKTOH MERRY*QO*
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
ident was not m—he was at the White House Peiseiveimg, the boy came back again, and still again Finally he was usheied into the piesence of Wallace Holding the yellow papei he began to sing, to the tune of Mary Had A Little Lamb “Oui best wishes, Heniy deal, Heniy deal, Heniy deal, Oui best wishes, Heniy deal. Happy, happy, biithday ” Those who witnessed the scene VClaimable to tell uhich was the moie embaiiassed—the messengei or the Vice Piesident Note This paiticulai message was sent by Wallace’s old fiiend. Will Riley of Des Moines
May Revoke Fritz Kuhn's Citizenship; Soviet Army To Fight During Winter
Washington Oct 10—Now that Haiiy Budges has been tabbed foi depoitation the Justice Depart ment is planning to put the bee on othei noisy alien ismists Fust of those maiked foi the axe IS Flit? Kuhn evFuhici of the Geiman Ameiican Bund A petition in equity vill be filed =0011 in the Noithein District Court of New York to revoke Kuhn s cit izenship on the ground that he lied when he swoie to support and clelend the Constitution at the time he was naturalized in 1934 Also that he did not in fact renounce his allegiance to Germany. The Justice Department will charge that Kuhn’s subsequent acts” as organize! and leadei of the un-American Bund prove its charge. A number of precedents will be cited whereby the citizenship of natuialized aliens was re voked because ot un Xmeiican conduct subsequent to recenmg their papers The action will bo brought while Kuhn is still in Clinton Prison Dannemora N Y serving a term for embezzlement of Bund funds How ever even should the Federal Court revoke his citizenship, there is small likelihood that he will be deported when his sentence expires next June Authoiities doubt that Germany would t ikc the Bund leadei back Al=o there would be no way to ship him to Geimany while the wai lasts Loss of citi cnship howevei would teiinmate his Bund activ ities, as hf would be toiced to legis tci as an alien and would be under constant suivcillrnee
Happy Birthday, Henry
A Western Lnicn mc-.songGi walked into the outer office ot Vice Picsidcnt Heni\ Wallace and asked to see him “Do jori have a telcgrani’” he was asked “Yes, m am but I can t leave it I have to see him ‘Why cant you leave it’ The messenger blushed “Well you see m am it s a biithday greet mg and I hare to sin^ it to him ’ It w IS W ill ice s '5 id biithday and tilends m Des ^loines had le membeied him But the Viei Pies
Russia's Chances There is considerable undercover disigieement inside the Adminis tiation regarding Russia’s chances, but Aver ell Hariiman’s reports are faiily encoui aging In general, he has found that Russia has iifles, artillery, and shells for the time being but will need all the tanks, anti an craft guns and airplanes this country can pioduce Hailiman also reports that the Red Aimy intends to continue ac tive warfare duimg the winter though the Nazis may go into semi hibernation dining the sub zero snows of the Noith But 111 the War Department, always beaiish regarding tfie Russian military pictuie, theie has been a good deal of skep tieism about the reports received from our own representatives in Moscow For a long time none ot OUI military attaches was pei- ^ milled to visit the battle fronts Secretaiy ot Wai Stimson once gaie the Russian Vmbassador a peisonal diessing down on this point w ith no i e=ult When U S attches m Moscow uiged these visits the answer wus Its too lar to „et to that aiea or It we travel by iii the Nazis aie likely to catch us Result Xll OUI ob'^eircis sit m Moscow ob seivmg each other In Washington the W ri Depart ment got no better satisfaction iiom the Russian Military Attache Col Ilia Saiaev But now the picture has changed Ameiican cbseiveis have at last ,,ot to the liont and are gettm^ fiist hand mfoimation The change was brought about bv the highly re gaided Col Philip Faymonville who went to Moscow with the Hop kins Mission and has stayed on as I end Lease Admmistiatoi He had been niihtaiy attache m 1934 39 rnd has been very successful m getting along with the Russiai s Young Men Wanted College.giaduates about 30 years old tiained m accounting banking loieign trade, and pieteiably with a knowledge of foreign languages, aie wanted by the Ticasuiy De paitment If you can meet all those qualifications you might be one ot 150 to be ehosen as an mvestigatoi m the field of fiozen funds Treasury’s Division ot Foieign Funds Control now faces the toughest job in its history, name h to handle the frozen funds ot all the countries ot Europe plus Chin i and Japan The total is app oximately seven billion dol
Sigma Nu “I do ” ‘Brother “Nothing doing I want to Aveai your tie ” Coin—pure and simple, what do you think Don’t tell us that Johnny Goll is getting in on this coed rush busi ness We saw him yesterday sit ting in the cafe with four Pi Phis, and then heads were mighty close together. On a day like yesterday, theie are only two things capable of drawing Pi Phi heads that close together—rush or a duty joke, and they looked too serious for the later But what was Johnny doing there’ Big mysteiy Jim Miller and Mary Alice Millei picked the wrong day to pull a faux pas 111 English 45 the other day It seems as though the topic of the lecture was Romantic Love and according to the professor, it s a more or less recent invention Well, anyhow, finding himself at a loss to define the term to everyone’s satisfaction, Prof Babcock happened to notice Mary Alice passing a note to Jim and he was only too pleased to point them out to the class as an example Let’s hope that it wasn t a poem like the ones we were talking about in class, or maybe we should hope otherwise for the sake of the column Incidentally the untouchable Jim Chase seemed unusually inteiested in that sort of thing What s com ing over our boys these days? It isn t spring yet Well, you people have been awful bad on this contrib business We know ymu want a column and if you want a good one why not cooperate a little Thanks
Yesterday you pUbliSbed a letter signed by one Joseph 0 Peiiy m which he called for an open mind and a fiee discussion of the pros and cons on Lindbergh’s statement I lepiesent the con Before I go further in this letter may I state that these are my personal opinions and in no way aie tiiey to be construed to be those of all the Jewish students on this campus I will take Ml Peiiy’s letter point by point I hope the editors will allow me this space because one may call a man a lat in four -words and it may take a book to refute that statement 1 Jews have much to gain, undoubtedly and comparatively, by an Allied victory Tiue the Jews have much to gain but no more than any other people Haye they as much to gain as have the Poles Croats, Czechs, Slovaks, French, Dutch Belgians, Greeks, Norwegians, Danes, English, Es thonians, Lithuanians, Russians, and even a great majoi ity of the Germans and Italians Thev will gain by this victory the privilege of breathing, nothing moie The othcis gam the freedom of thqir homelands, to govern themselves to worship theii God, to eain a living, and to marry as they see fit and raise a family Looking over the period of the last two thousand yeais, the Jews know that they will receive only the privilege of breathing, all else is concession made begiudgingly Therefore the Jews have much to gain, comparatively and uncloubt edly, according to Ml Peiiy than
3 That Jews are not good citizens (End of paragraph 3 of Mr Perry’s letter )
10 0010 1010 1510 30-
Mr. Perry does not think that Jews think of the good of their country Of course the fact that Dr Golber^rr of the U S Health Service gave his life in that serv ice in discovering the cure for Pellagra means nothing, nor do the services of Bernard Baruch during World War I Yes, and Haym Salomon didn’t do much to help win the Revolutionary War either
Let me put this question to Mr Perry Where has he found a Jew who has conspired against his country, engaged in subversive activ ities, or in any way hindered with the national good by supporting such a movement or engaging in such activities’
Ml Perry s letter is just as VICIOUS as Ml Lindbeigh’s state ment To quote Voltaire ala Perry, “If you throw enough mud, some of it will stick” I challenge Mr Perry or anyone he may designate to be his representative to a pub lie discussion on this issue I flatly depy as a Jew, and as an intelligent citizen of this country, ever statement made by Mr Perry in this letter excepting those admitted in this letter I also flatly deny the truth of any insinuations he makes or any conclusions which may be di awn fiom his epistle I further call for an apology from Mr Perry to the Jewish students on this cam pus foi his unqualified attack upon them as part of a minority I S
10!4611 0011 1511 soil 5012 0012 1512 12*461 001 301 452 002 152 303 003 103 153 304 304 465 006 105 465 506 00G 306 457 007 157 30-
lars, and when any part ot it moves—even ten or twenty dol lais—it must be approied fiist bj the Treasurj The new staff being letirited will be iwed is inrestigatoi^ to check all ipplications for with diawal of foreign funds Some qf this work will have the chiiacter ot mysteiy sleuthin,, to ti lek down the leil puiposc behind in applici tioii ind detect operations tavoi ng the A\i In short Tieisuiy is leciuiting men tor the new war of cuiienc\ cxchinge Merry-Go-Round The lecent House speech of Rep lesentativG Everett M Diiksen, (R Pekin 111 ) urging support ot the Pi Gsulent s toicign policy has drawn moie editoiial comment than any other congi essional talk this year Only a tew know that Diiksen discussed his speech in idv nice Avith GOP House Le dei Joe Mar tin who heirtily approved it Business men holding prior it/ eci titleites should get set for i new SPAB move F’ndei seiious consul elation is a pi in to iioe/e tlie deliveiy dates on all outstindiiif piioiity authoiizations in oiclci to speed up then use Mike Quill noisy leftist head ot the Ti rnspmt Workers, is the latest CIO bi^wi,^ to part with John L Lewis on the isolationism question Since the Communist Party Central Commit tee laid down a new paiQ line ot no trafficking with isolationists Quill pieviously a loud toe ot iid to Biitain his changed Ins tune and IS now all ipi it (Copyiight, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc )
all other minorities 2 Jews agitate for war through radio and motion pictu cs Yes the motion picture industiy IS hugely controlled bj Jewish en trepreneurs but not the ladio in dustiy David Sainoff is the only radio executive who is Jewish, ina there are three great bioidcasting chains besides numeious indt pendent stations Certainly these chains denied Lindbeigh time on then ch innels Ml Lindbeigh made that state ment cci ceining Jews only bociusc he began to icalize that orating a.,ainst tl e United States iiiiL British governments was bej,iiining to tall on de li cai s He beg in to see that the people ot this co inti^ were behind their policies Theie fore, he had to use the lowest slimiest and most covaidly poht leal tactics possible tin t of ittick ing a detenseless minoiit W 1= i i Father Coughlin binned tioin i ho channels’ What is the difference betwee 1 Father Couglilin iiul I i ul b°igh’ Those who uppoit Lm i heigh have been iound rising tu tl inking privilege ot con.,ics men to send out subvoi ivc picp i id i Ml Peiiv 1 ouotin^ the cUmI to piove the devils point A,s loi movie piopmnli AIi Peiiy oveilooks Ihis po n II the <=cnt!mcnt of this eountiv weie no*" pio Ally then the movies would not show pro Ally picnic Besidi s theie lie sever il comp i lies which are not Jewish eonti oiled which
PERJURED EViDENCE!
X An innocenf man framed by a powerful ^ crime lord because they both loved the
same woman*
'vl
i Man
BAXTER
LAST DAY
hlavf. I CARLISLE SOM Mct ro It rHir
2 HJTS
JOHNNY MACK BROWN
— IN —
THE MASKED RiDER PLUS
n JNiE BAPNES m Angels With Broken Wings
They’re Here
PwidusL ^xpomnL
1 ntered as stuond class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congi ess of March 3 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided lor m section 1103 .icl oi Otlober 1 1917, dulhorizcd January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly duung the bummer bcssion Delivered locally by carrier lor $3 50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4 00
Sports Staff
Fdiior in Chief NewH Kditor
liubincBK Manager
/
Ned A Ochiltree John L Traugott Don S Powers
Editor Assoiiate Editi rs
O 1 Clark J
Phil C Johnson D rraser J S Keeler
Publication Staff
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005, Sports, 2792,
Managing Editor Leland W Ruffnet Ass<eiate 1 litors J I Amos J H Armstirng D 1 Bropby Jt JL liadl y I 1 Junes i- G ICi/per
Editorial After 10 P M , 5377
K K
IJ II
Gjemre R V Saxton Aeeounts Manager W
Business Staff
iical Adv rtisint Mai aecrs Cireululion Munater W J
D Millard
Co-ed Staff
Ruth Rose
Mary K Di yntr n Alice Chatfleld
Jane Kamsd 11
All-American 1940-^41
Represented for national advertising by Nationa] Advertis Service Inc Colltfcc Publishcrb Rer rcseniativcs 420
Madison Ave New York N Y
editor
AsbOciuU 1 ditors
SMff For This Issue
Nitht rditor Urophy Day Lditor Doynlon Issue lditor B (* Smith Spoits Fditor Clark Stuff R qmnruip Beall HunUi But2 Pi intnci Sh v II
B winkl G) ihi K
Sports Worktis I S Dawsf n K D DtMiih P ( M II r
PICTURES in FULL COLOR
From Bantam ami mm Kodachromes
Kodak
MIINICOLOR PRINTS
by Eastman
• A new inexpensive service Size 2y4x3y4 Size 5 X 7^2 • Leave Orders at
$3..50
FOSTER'S CAMERA SHOP
411 State — West Lafayette
THE FOSTER SHOP
East Side SquAre — Lafayette
-News -Curio Man -WBAA Presents -A Columbus Day Program Ml Earley -Theatre of Song -Just ICids -Music -High School Guest -Purdue News -Woman Shopper -Tune Time—Charlie Powell -Meet the Baud -Markets -Radio Stage -The Army Speaks -Music -The Stamp Club -Music -Musical Albums -News —Music, —Afternoon Melodics —Campus Varieties —Music —Little Miss Mutfeft —Just Relax , ^ —Music \ —Curio Man —News —Dmnei Music —Spoits —Music —News of the Week —Music —Petite Musicale
. , . will meet Monda?y at 4 iij room 264 of, the EE Imilding Possibilities of employment with spe^^ cific firms that will hol^ interviews on the campus during the yegi; wiljl be discussed by faculty men, The meeting is foi seniors in partieulan although everyone interested is invited
8 00—Musical Albums 8 30“—Eventide Echoes 8 46—Prom the Pi ess Box 9 OO^Concert Master 9 30—Music 9 60—News
MM
m
MIDI^ITE TONiTE n.ao ^
10,000 FEET Of NOTHING METWEEk THEM ANi^ THE EARTH BELam
ufftmsu STARTS SUNDAY
lOlflW
A Po on ount P c o » v {>li VICTOR mmiH WUTER ABEl
V thrill to th4 fighting, loving, wise’| cracking courag9| lof America’s news idare>all jump fighters—and o girl who prays for*
ROBERT^ PRESTON
NANCY KELLY EDMOND O’BRIEN HARRY CAREY With BUDDY EBSEN PAUL KEUY RICHARD CROMWEll ROBERT BARRAT
■LAST T5MES TODAY-SCE-CAFADES
— //ITH — O'! of-Hv jimes Jerry LEWIS - ELLISON - COLONNA uiid the Ice-Capades Troupe
TODAY—T MAGIC BULLET PLUS
GENTLEMAN FROM DIXIE
BELIE
btaub
The Bandit Queen
RANDOLPH SCOTT GENE TIERNEY
Dana ANDREWS John SHEPPERO ELIZABETH PATTERSON CHIU WILLS LOUISE BEAVERS
STARTS TODAY MARS
<. >ff 'A
>■'
*-■ -- u ...,.|.A..'
'MoUerm&f^m%^p^y-^l^>ara(le
Pai^9(
I'miiiii'raiMm'WttiMa
«"• 4
e^ Tftn
S ^ ■• tiff f (f < i % ►'W
lodayi *ii ! Soin^thing nfetflr in the form of intras<)|uad competition will be' in^titut^j^ "tliife ^ternbon wh,ep the £resj)pmit' tertiii^ team tkngles with an exp«®iencld V&rsityi crew headed ^ C^pta^‘ Bb^y Lucht. The match ^ill ife^^at'^'o’crpck op t|ije varsity coprts north oi t^e ^’ieldhouse. Ghdeh finwy-'LaBree hopes to get hia SQU|td in shape, and keep them l;)hpt:%kj[/air winter and thinks the t^ifeityfwiirfttlbhove ^i*eatly if they do not play among themselves too
often.
B&eretofore that had been the Only m^ns of conditioning for the uppercla^sriien, Willing freshmed, anxious tb attract attention, may keep the vafsity ladS on their toes, for this gear’s fro^h netmen ade said to be the best group Larry LaBree has>evier coached, ^ The samp may easily; he said for the’varsity, who'havelost only Captai;p Ted Anderson and Fred Eichkiws itoEim last spi ing’s classy bunch
MieettheTeatei pmsewting...
rs.
ltl|p|3Qvemeiit
th^ 1
7T- ” m ^ ^ T%. ^ 'nrrL ^ n n, ■ MfeeUing llie ^Jalional^^'Big Tell Chamlpions of 1940, Indiana, today at'Bloomington
willilpa a spiritedi Boilei;una]i:er cross country squad. The team will leave this morning at 6:30
from the Union and. travel by car.
The meet is the most anticipated that the Riveters will run this season. E is to begin at sides oFopt coin.Tt is Vot likely that th^ga"^^ shrald be to7toBgh
10:30 a. m. A reporter from the Exponent Spol’ts St^-ff is traveling with the squad to re- to pick, as it is not a day of the usual dosies, I . ' ; . „ i.^y results of the meet as from all early season indications, at least for all schools except Indfsna ' takes place. those words by Thanksgiving), it looks like a great year for
A seven man tea.m will represent the Boilermakers when they run against the strong Indiana squad. If Indiana is beaten, the Boilermakers should be able to top any team in the Big Ten. The following
Berth Foertbatt Squads Fractke
' A LT ...^V H
L6ri& Hows ^spite Open Date
bfrill'Oh'Blikk^ei''l|'4rSPy InprW Dhhiiiish is the squad: Captain Ed Holder-
I^li#ri6a£e^ OffensiiirQ Sr9f'«ip’As < >Kfacltiin9i.>l« iSttressPcI Much of the credit for the show- Fundamentals, ^ which after all
ing of the Riveter football squad in are the items that make this game ju Strength the games played and those to come of football tke fine sport that it is, mi. ^ ^ ^ “ n ? L ^ 1... t. A j! 1 1. / ^ u ^.■u The Cream and Crimson will must go to the fighting band of were particularly stressed by the , " , ? . „ j; L. ijj Tij i. ' j 1 • iu Ai place their hopes on several promsome forty-five fieshhian gridders. Riveter squad during the grufelhng sonhomwes and their star Because of a Big Ten ruling the three and one-Half hour practice ’
Rhinies have no scheduled games, yesterday afternoon. With the hi|>h but have been practicing since the injury list diminishing little by litsecond week of September and "will tie, ihe majority of the team was in
continue piactice until the end of uniform for the drill.
We're Off Again
It’s game day aga'in, time to dust off the old crystal ball and polish both
strong offensives. Ohio State’s 33-0 jaunt of USC, Marquette's startKng^ upset over Wisconsin 28-7, Illinois’ 41-0 licking of Miami and Northwestern’s 61-3 polishing of Kansas State are leading examples of this indica-
tion. .
man, Wkiody Appleton, Dort Kemp, Hal' Roach, Keith McLaughlin, Norman Duesler, and Fred Kinder.
Fled Wilt. However, Will has just recovered from a back injury.
th^ tennis team
op(i, _iii-''i&e histWy o| the' sJili’ool. it
ces^iw R^^'‘liiiillt'is a* ^Ltfiy Akn to-ieal^ Jp^bmislng' 'outfit,, for he hit4''aVhaVd' bktl and 'is' yei'y doHBci,enti6ufe,‘' '' ' ' ' ‘ ' ' ImtireSBi^ A« ^kkNiitnores Ray is ably supported by veterans Dick Stettner, Gus Armstrong and Rad Vap Camp, ryho were very impressive as sophomores and show even more promise this year. ; Two sophomores, Dudkinski and Wells and a junior named Wells roupifl out i;he leading varsity candidates. At least 10 good prospects are among the Rhinies. Among them being Daly, Cohen, Voth and Rog-
I r?'"
Kenny Smock By Joe Dawson
Heading one of the finest bunch of sophomore gridders in the histoid b'f the Riveter ,institution this year Is 'Kenpy Smock, slight f 65 pound left halfback. In his first col-
legiate game against Ritt last Sat- - - --v r- o ........ , firUky, Kenn^ proved to be the best glimpse of What they must face looping seventy yard spirals to his impoitant
back on the field. ^ ^
30 Candidates Meet Joe Benna For Boxing Callout A meeting of the Purdue Boxing Association in the Fieldhouse
• Indiana V$. Texas Christian
Poor Bo McMillan and Bo’s “po little boys” have had mighty tough sledding in their first pair of encounters. However, we have talked with Coach Dutch Fehring who has scouted both of these tilts and he tella us that the Hoosiers are far from a washout. In fact, Dutch implies that the way the line is improving and the backs speeding up they may be very, very dangerous before long. Not even for our downstate neighbors would we wish thrfee losses in a row. We’re all for them today. We'll take them
in spite of TCU’s 202 pound line, 20-13. • Wisconsin Vs. Northwestern
Wisconsin’s loss last week will be one of the biggest upsets of the year.
Unlike our cross countiy course, Badgefs were slated fo be one of the top thi-ee clubs m the league-
the season.
Plenty Of Headwork
Each week befqre a varsity game these freshmen learn the plays of the opposing team and uSe them durfng scrimmages against the first
string.
This week and next, for example, they are using Ohio State’s plays
The linemen, although taped from head to foot, woi’ked for nearly an hour in perfecting their blocking.
Kicking By Galvin Et A1
Punting rated considerable attention during the early part of practice. Sophomores Smock and Hajzyk along with veteian John Galvin were able to get off some nice kicks before the session was over.' Gal-
Indiana’s is, for the most part, level. This slightly in the Riveters favor, because they are used to a more hilly course. There are also several fences to jump or run under
on the lU run. Loaded For Bear
The entire squad is in excellent shape. To say the least, this year’s team is one of the best in the school's history. And the Boiler-
in an effort to give the varsity a vin, punting with the wind, had two three and make it close. Michigan 14-Pitt 7
and may still be. It Was a very fine Maiquette eleven that topped them. But We don’t think they can match the balance of the Purple; a team with
a great backfield. NU-26—UW-13. • Minnesofa Vs. Illinois
We still remember the 33-6 licking the Gophers handed us last year. They could graduate half of that power and still beat an improved Illinois
team 21-6.
• Michigan Vs. Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh will have to go a long way if they hope to be good enough to beat the Wolverines today. They may go at least a part of this way
Star At Shortridge
Smock spent his high schools days at Shortridge of Indianapolis where he won three letters in football and two in tiack. Duiing both his junior and senior years he personally Ifed the Blue Devil squad to city titles and was awarded, by being named on the Puidue all-city team both
yeais.
next Satuiday. Incidentally, the fieshmen look like a polished, seksoned ball club Whilfe running through these Buckeye plays.
Give Varsity* Workout
It tal^es a lot of intestinal fortitude to run up against a stronger, more experienced squad night after
WLememb^
1 NA {•
• • . . YOIJ'Ka; ALWAYS •- ‘WEiL€’»3]lE AT WAIGBEEN’S
Place Kicking, Too
This same trio worked for a eonslid^rkble tlrtie on''place kicks also. Galvin’s talented left toe again looked very impressive in this department. Johnny missed his attempt at conversion after touch-
night for littlfe of ho merit, but the down in the Pittsburgh game, but Thursday night brought out 30 canfieshmen are doing a fine job of it the Chicago halfback split the bars didates who are anxious to have and seem to have a good time doing nine out of ten tiies yesterday. a tiy at the pugilistic game. Coach it. With the return to action of Pete Joe Benna, a student in the UfiiSeveral potential varsity stars Timperman and the expected return versity and four times Golden Glove have already begun to show them- of Bairy Fiench tomorrow, the winner, is veiy optimistic concern- Diamond selves. “Hurrying Renry” Stram, tackle situation is becoming less ing the outlook for the season, diminutive halfback, is developing acute. “Pinky” Warren and “Tex” Joe is probably one of the few into a good open field runner in a'd- O’Bryan are still nursing injuries full fledged coaches with a studition to being one of the best pass- but ai e expected to be ready for the dent’s status in any American col-
ers on the squad. Ohio State game. lege.
• Fordham Vsi North Carolina
Although they had a close one last week, the Boilermaker’s future opponent should go strong today, 28-6, over North Carolina.
Notre Dame, 27; Georgia Tejdh, 20
Vanderbilt, 21; Kentucky^ 7 Marquette, 19; Michigan- State, 7
IM Schedule
SOFTBALL—MONDAY
8
Ward 12 vs Ward Ward 11 vs Ward 9. Ward 10 vs Ward 22
Delta Upsilon vs. Alpha Tau Omega or Sigma Chi Official: Raffetry Alpha Gamma Rho vs Kappa Sigma or Theta Chi Official H Schwartz
NOW YOU CAN OBTAIN
s.
)en/Lce
FROM US!
• The Latest Books at Lowest Prices • Free Book to New Subscribers'' ' • No Enrollment Ftfe ’ ' * ' • Free Gift Book Dividends i > • WHAT ARE THE ADVANTAGES? ASR us NOW—no OBLIGATION UlipSIlY ROP STORl ' ‘Acrosa from the Uni^ti’BuiMing'* ' M. C. “Red” Sarnmona^ ’29 R. W. “Doo” Epple, ’40
Send—
AN HOf^E Your Family Is Interested
In Campus News
It’s Much Easier Than Writing
Subscriptions Mailed ^nywhere
S.
't'
O
if 9P W
[ntersecfional Ti% Fealure CX 1^'s CridireR Pro^fam Today’s gridiron fare of over thirty outstanding games is made particularly interesting by virtue of. nine colorful intersectional tilts, seven of which feature teams that did not play each other in the 19^0 season. , ' , From the point of view of a Hoosier, Notre Dame’s game with the yTellowpackets of Georgia Tech and the Indiana-'texas Chiistian sciap will be the games to watch. Notie Dame, which nosed out Tech last yeai, 26-20, in an unforgettable game that featured the play of the Yellowjackets’ ISO pound back, Johnny Bosch, will he trying to make it thiee stiaight victoiies for their new coach, Frank Leahy. TCU Sees Hillenbrand Texas Chiistian, a typical Souther ti powei house with a forward wall that averages 202 pounds, may be an outfit that has the ability to throw a wet blanket on Indianans homecoming festivities, but the Fightin’ Hoosiers place faith pi theii sophomore talent paced by Bill Hillenbiand. * In othei sectional tilts Boston College, minus All-Ameiican End Gene Goodtault, will mix it up wit'h Clem'son, who will be playing wit|.out the services of All-America halfback Banks- McFadden. Florioa will be out to avenge a 28 to '(I thumping that they received at tlie hands of Villanova last year. Michigan Vs. Pitt ’ Michigan’s powerful squad, even without Tommy Harmon, will play hosts ta the Pitt Panthers, still suffeiing from the defeat administered by the Boileymakers, in what should be a “natural.” Tlie Tarheels of North Carolina run lip against one of the East’s strongest squads in the persons of the Fordham Rams. New York universi% plays Texas A. & M., a school which lost the country’s outstanding funback through the graduation ‘bf John Kimbiough. Southern Methodist’s Mustangs meet the College of the Pacific at their* home gproun^, and Temple lines up against Dalton in the final sectional scrap. ' Whitey Jearger, one of the most outstanding halfbacks in the East, will lead Colgate into their cla|h with the Dartmouth Indians, and Harvard meets the Big Red of Cornell. Princeton lost the services of Dave Alleidice, one of the East’s finest passers last season, through giaduation, but on the other hand Columbia has still to find annthk.. Sid Luckman,n
What Goes On Here? By Bud Eberts Ah, yes’ Anothei week end, another date, on the 24 karat “diggers ” Some next Fiiday night and at the annual Gold Diggei’s Dance things will be different—^when the gals will pay and pay and pay' There’s nothing better than this one night of the year when the girls do the escorting Now that rush is over it may not be so hard to get dates Last week found the male sex stranded as all the soioiity actives and rushees spent the days and night impress ing each othei Staitnig soon—the afternoon Joes are going to meet the annual pioblem of what to do With freshman dates until 6 in the afternoon when the poor pledge can feel safe in going -to the Sweet Shop WGOH*’ All Cary Hall boys will no doubt sleep through seveial classes this morning after that swell dance last night One of the things that im pressed us at that dance was the imports If there weie only some way to keep those queens here, the ed’s piayeis would all be answered WGOH? Also last night was the Sigma Pi dance It was the annual bain pledge dance at the chaptei house, with Irv Given supplying the music foi the occasion The decorations were very appropriate and cos tumes were up to the minute in what one weais to a barn dance WGOH’ Tonight we find our biggest schedule of the jeai foi pledge dances After looking over our bids and using oui Math 1 ability we calculate that seven “ihinie” dances will begin at 9 tonight First on oui list we find that Kappa Sigma pledges have eveiy thing arranged for the decorations and Maury Mahn has been hired to fill the band stand The chapter house IS the scene and 9 p m is the time 6elta Upsilon, DU’s to you, which 5s just aiound the cornei on the journey of daftces, is our next stop They have signed Max Greer of Indiana Umveisity to provide the “jive” in the chapter house The theme will be Carnival—with evei y thing from barkers to pink lemon ade Still on the “tiiangle” we drop in on the Phi Kappa Psi’s who aie having a “Kindergarten dance” in their house This is also the pledge
dance in honoi of the freshmen The band is Bob Barnes fiom Indiana U., who played at the Cary Club dance last night WGOH’ Now let’s cut thiough the Union • and see how the “Jail Bird” dance IS coming along Hope theie aie no cops there to pick' up those that have a habit of collecting signs foi their rooms Acioss" campus is the Lambda Chi Alpha house filled with the music of Glen Wiight, playing fox then annual pledge dance Boy, those decoiations ceitainly look swell “Fraternity Row” is oui next destination with the Sigma Nu’s lumbaing to the music of Bob Baines fiom the Illinois campus This freshman dance has the theme of a South Amciican Festival, as the Sigma Nu’s do then pait to inciease the good neighboi policy with the Latins Still on the “row” we slam on the brakes and disembark at the Sigma Alpha Epsilon chaptei house to hear the Wabash Ambassadors play foi the kids at then annual “Baby Bawl ” The SAE freshmen aie having a time of their lives as this is then dance and the dancing is mighty swell It IS ovei town we go next to Duncan Hall where the Phi Delta Theta’s aie in the midst of their pledge dance Hank Messer is on hand to supply the ihythms It ceitamly is one big night foi the joes and coeds of oiii campus with everyone having a fling at the week end relaxing peiiod WGOH’ While we aie talking about danc mg on the week ends we would like to expiess oui opinion on what we think about moie dances It is truly the opinion of this column that the students should be piovid ed with a place to take a date and dance between 4 and 6 eveiy aftci noon and all afternoon Satuiday and Sunday It may be that moie tea dances would solve this prob lem, 01 maybe part of the base ment could be devoted to a juke box and dancing space in the aftei noons This has been tiied in manj schools with lemaikable success WGOH’ Till next week end when you get another check from home—we’ll see you around 800 Couples attended the annual Caiy Club Fall Dance held in the Union ballrooms last night Bob Bajnes and his orchestra furnished the mu
^ A ^ Something Troubling You, Mister? OH! Nothing to do, eh? Why, I Got A Plan, Mister? Interested? Eh? Well Here’s How it goes There’s A PJace On The Campus Where you can go Called JksL fijULhduSL Tyimw/dcd lAmon ^^The Corner of the Campus — And the Center of Activities^’ WHERE EVERYONE HAS A GOOD TIME
Health Service Daily Report Discharged from St Elizabeth Hospital Thursday were E. F. McCaffert and E E McComb, treshman engineers, and R. W. Platt, sophomore mechanical engineer. R B. Arvidson, senior agriculture student, and H P Evans, senior mechamcal engineer, were entered in Home Hospital for suigical treatment M R Hauk was entered for medical treat-
ment
Entered in St Elizabeth Hospital for medical treatment were V W Bahun, junior agriculture student, and Rosalind Dill, sophomore home economics student. C J Swift, graduate student, was entered foi surgical treatment. amp.
Science Seniors All senior men in the School of Science will meet in Room 211, Stanley Coulter Hall at 4 00 p m on Monday, October 13th, to discuss the interviewing procedure relative to getting jobs. Bring your folder of instructions with you If you do not have a folder, ask for one at my ofhce before you come to the meeting. Dean Enders
Dr Fianeis Wilson, associate piofessoi of zoology at Tulane Umveisity, collects eels in older to study then embiyology and life histoiy The Tulane Umveisity campus eoveis 100 landscaped acres
Notices
Senior Advanced Military Students Will
—you please leave snapshots or pictiues taken
at summer camp m H F Graebner s box
« at Aimoiy These pictures will be used loi m I £10 cxhijiition at cominp smoker Leave naipe
w wa with pictures Pictures will be leturned 10 15 —LARSON
TENNIS—TODAY—1 15 Court 1 T C Cohen vs Kulsch ^ GibfaBns vb Perry or Wells 1 Dyer oi Dingle vs No slci 4 Daley or Holtzman vs GraybiH 0 Voth or McCampbell vs S D Rogers G Dudnnsky vs Kraybill 11 Tuiner vb Schaaf 12 Ross vs Sells Id Metzger vs Hutchins 14 Kline v' lormohlen 1) Olmsted vs Pavis S ? Witsman vs R Stall ngs 17 Gaibor or Dnl vs Hint or Crofts TOUCHBALL—MONDAY Field 1 Ciiy Hill 1 vs Cary Hall 14 Olf c al M Bernhai 1 2 Ca y Hall 2 C iry Hall 3 Official I Captain 3 Carv Hall 4 vs Caiy Hall r Off c al PM yer 4 Caiy Hall G v Caiy Hall 7 Off Cl 1 1 Nol n I 6 Cary Hall 8 v Caiy Hall 9 Oft cial H riazer b C ry H II 10 v C iry Hall 11 Off e al H Old Caiy Hall 1^ Carv H 11 13 Official I R Jewett ALL CAMPUS b4DMINTON—MONDAY Co t 1 00 p m 1 Koeh Vb D Dial 2 E J Kahlei v H A Weher 1 R D Malt n vs Cl cl Rutz 2 Bob Carson vs S Roth 1 B Rathman vs R H Althen 2 E Jones vs T Glasgow
Modern Dance Piactices will be held on Monday Wednesday and Fiiday at 4 ai^ on Tuesday at 1 in the gym —SERBAN Novice Pistol Students desiring to fire in the thud novice pistol group starting rues lay Oct 21 may sign up in the sup ply room of the aimoiy now —BROWN WAA Hockey practices e'very Monday Wednesday and Friday at 4 p m Six practices required for team eligibility There is still time to make the team (10 7) —HARRISON
round-up last Saturday is invited to come this Satuidav Oct 11, leaving 181 S Grant at 1 p m Bung anyone inleiested A fee of 30c will be charged —RIGGS Distinguished Gun Squad Competition for 155 MM Howifiter All juniors are eligible for entrance Squads will consist of two juniors and nine sophomores Juniors desiring to enter squads present entries to Lt Baum in instructor s room pi 101 to 4 p m Oct 15 1941 Practice for squads will take place two hours a week over a six week period Ref erence Military Department Handbook —ANTRIM Archery Clul) Meeting oB Monday at 4 16 p m in room 104 of the Pieldhouse —JAMES Pistol Team Tryouts The following listed students from the 1st novice Pistol group are asked to report to the Armory Mondaw October 13 at 4 p m to try out for the varsity pistol team Baldwin J Buheler J E Preundlich G Hebeustreet W Heckard D C Hill O R Hummel R P Kramer R N Laison R I McCoy R K McCullough G Mason R L Rensberger J R Scantiand G P Singleton V L Taylor W H Vanderbiouck A L Vonnegut W A Wade M W Williams B J Wil Inms C D ind Winter W C —BROWN Roger Williams Club Please note new routine in S mday evening program Pif teen cent lunch will be served at 5 40 p m and s cial hour w 11 be at 6 p m Discussion hour starts at 6 30 p m —ARTMAN Freshman Engineers Meeting for En gineering Lettuies on Saturday Oct 11 at Sam by schools Students whose names begin with A E (incl) Room 254 EE Bldg second floor lect ire room F LE (incl) Room 129 EE B1 Ig Li R (incl) Room 201 CE Bldg S Z Lecture Room in Michael Golden Shops —KNAPP Delta Rho Kappa Meeting at 5 p m Monday Oct 13 in loom 303 of Union All actives and pledges attend —BIERLEIN Reamer Club Reg ilsr meeting Monday Oct 13 at 7 30 p m in room 304 of the
Union
—RUPFNER POMM Meet i g Mon lav Oct 13 at 4 p m in loom lOo of Armory Col White will speak —BUSHNELL
Union Ridipg Club Commltte, Meeting Tuesday Oct 14 4 p m in Union office Everyone be there I —GOSSETT Cosmo^litan Club No meeting Friday, Oct 10 Pledging and picnic next week ( —KELLAR Union Workers Those on Dick Worl s committee meet in Union office Monday, Oct 13 at 4 16 p m
—WORL
Silver Mask Important short meeting on Tuesday Oct 14 at 7 80 p m in room 304 of Union Be on time
—TOWEN
Christian Science Organization Regular meeting 7 30 p m Tuesday October 14 in Room 303 of Union ■—LOCKWOOD tober 14 at 7 30 in loom 21G of Union Mrs Bert Krantz will bt guest speaker on Budgets and How to Keep Them —VOLLMER Scriveners No meeting Sunday night
—RIEGLE
Reamers Bring PIA memberships and money to the meeting Monday night
—ELDER
Scriveners Business meeting in new office Saturday October ll at 1 30 p m All members with sales please rei ort with leeeipt books and money —ALLWARDT Gold Diggers Ticket Salesmen Meeting in AWS office Monday at 4 p m —McCullough Newman Club Breakfast Sunday Oc tober 12 in St Mary s Auditorium after the 9 30 a m Mass Dr A A Smith of the Sociology Dept will speak on A Christian Personality Everybody be there ^ —RUNNION Undergraduate Dames Meeting Oct 14 at 7 30 p m in loom 2S1 of the Union Mrs Bert Kvantz will be guest speaker on Budgets and How to Keep Them —VOLLMER P Men Meeting Wednesday October IT in room 304 of the Union All maior and
-COMBS
Purdue Pla^M Meeting of executive board Monday 0> IS, at Fowler H^l at 4 OO p HI r-WALKER Tau Beta Pi Election Of members -Vill be held Wednesday October 16 at 7 30 p m in room 212 of the Union Unexcused absentees wil Ibe subject to hu® —MONGER
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding machines all mahes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph and multigraph work done C J Ebershoff GOB Main Phone 2'/79 Lafayette Money to Loan on anything of value Albert s Loan Office Pawnbrokers and Jewelrs 407 Columbia St Student Earn extra money in your spare time No waiting for commissions See Gordon Bootner Olan Mills Studio 215
State St
Vocal Lessons Por 26 years Lafayette s only real singing teacher Voice test free Pdward W Frank Studio Lahr Hotel Phone 4055 Lost Pair of shell rimmed glasses west of campus Monday Call 3810
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Pistol Team All memlcrs of Hbt years WAA RiOery Call out Monday Oct IS pist 1 team plonbo report to the Armory to Thuisday Oct 10 Schedule for houses Monday October 13 at 4 p m is posted in K>m —CURRY
—BROWN — —
C r 41 (Hydraulics) An examination for the remov il f C an 1 I rra les will be hell fiom It 4 I m Situidiy October 11 in r om 12n He iv Ion Hill 1 erm ssion to take the x m i t on must le obti ined trom
tl c unders tned piior to October ^
—F W GREVE
Purdue Christian Foundation Roundup Fv ryl o ly Vvho plai ne 1 to come to the
Dr. A. M. Irion — DENTIST — 119'/^ Northwestern Ave Phone 4965
Rear Admiral
RICHARD E. BYRD
(111 Person)
MOIION PICTURE asici LECIURE On lUs Latest Trip to
Little America
PURDUE HALL
OF MUSIC
400 404 Schufz Bldg I | _ _ _ _ r. i 4th and Main St Lafayette | Octobcr lotil
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD) RISK
— DENTISTS
Um-m-m! What^'s Cookin'? For that late stop to-mte. Why not a Delicious Sandwich and Coffee, and Ice Cream^ OPEN 6 A.M. till 11 P.M. TOM’S RESTAURANT 301 University Street
1
8:00 m. Admission 50c SPECIAL SCHOOL CHILDREN’S MATINEE Starting at 1:30 Admission 20c
Sponsored by Lions Club of Lafayette
■ I ■ ■ ■
Flesh Apples — No Preserv itivos—10c tieposit on lUgs
CIDER, gallon . Flesh Apples — NoPrese
/
GRAPES, TOKAYS, 2 lbs.
■ HI
Seedless, Corniohoiis, Ribiei’s
35c 15c
GRIMES GOLDEN APPLES, Bibs. . 25c DELICIOUS APPLES, 5 lbs. ... 25c
BARTLETT PEARS.
Cihioinii Moiinliun
POMEGRANATES, 2 for CALIFORNIA PEACHES,
BRITT BROS.
10c
15c 10c
12 Salisbury
Open NJtes
-niWWITITiBTI
REMODEL NOW! Prices Are Rapidly Advancing HENRY POOR LUMBER CO.
I West Lafayette
Phone 3083
FIRST CHOICE of Good Dressers Crown Cleaning Service belongs wherever smart crowds gather. Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly Crown Laundry
IriNE CLEAN
S OF FINE CLOTHES
Go St tutting At The Head Of The Style Parade In DRUM M/IJORETTE DDDTS
The soft gleaming leather, the extravagant silken tassel tossing gaily with each proud step you take join forces to make you a style leader.
il*