- U' » ~
Purdue
Z-IU
^ J. Exponent
Volume 51# No. 74
Saturday# December 9# 1^9
Soiitt.»!y^"ll Bg H 3rd 250 Couples Pay Homage To
Whisker Monarchs At Rassle
In Annual Speech Contest Speech 14 Students Required To Attend Final Contest In Fowler Hall Tuesday W. H. Lupke, C. F. Beckert, L. W. Ruffner, D. W. Christman, and Shu Lee vied yesterday aftprnoon in the semi-finals of the Speech 14 contest, and were victorious against seven other
competitors.
Playshop Presents Third Performance Of Tenement Drama
One student was chosen from each Speech 14 class and spoke in a preliminary contest held Thursday afternoon. The winners of this contest spoke in the semi-finals to-
day.
The winners’ subjects today were: Lupke, “Fort Wayne Sewage Problem;” Beckeit, “An Installation of a Diesel Research Laboratory;” Ruffnei, “A Reorganidation of, the U. S. Air Defense;” Chiistman, “Installation of a Swimming Pool in a Town of 15,000;” and Shu Lee, “Enlargement of the U. S. Navy.” Finals of the contest will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall Tuesday, December 12, at 7:15 p. m. under the chaiimanship of L S. Winch of the speech department Each speech will last approximately six minutes. All Speech 14 students are expected to attend. Welders Close Two
Presenting the third performance of “Winterset” last night in Fowler Hall, Playshop again impressed its audience with its memorable reproduction of the slums of a large city. Backstage, nervousness and. excitement was at its usual peak, but the actors went ahead to present the finest performance of the current run. Due to a severe case of mumps, Jimmy Keating, slated to play the part of the Street Urchin, was unable to participate. In this crisis, a lad by the name of Roger Mullen, aged 5, was discovered. Assuming the Street Urchin’s role like a vetei an, he pleased the entire audience with his dance routine.
Day Meeting, Exhibit Joe Benna Coaches
Boilermaker Boxers
A bustle of activity in Michael Golden Shops marked the closing of the 15th annual welding confer^ence yesterday. Final registration figures foi the two-day session recorded an attendance of over 500. Morning and afternoon sessions, held both days, were devoted to technical discussions with representatives of the various exhibitors as speakers. The display of welding equipment, sponsored by 16 companies, was complete in every detail and pronounced by many as the best ever held here. Di awing tables, ordinarily used by foundiy students, were removed to make room for the large exhibit. Phi Kappa Tau, Cary Hall, Alpha Chis Capture Radios Winners in the Phillip Morris Contest, who were announced yesterday, are: Alpha Chi Omega for the soroiity division; Phi Kappa Tau, fraternity division; and Cary Hall in the independent division. A radio with a victiola attachment was awarded to each winner. The contest, conducted by the Phillip Morris Company, ended Friday, November 25. Winners were determined by the number of Phillip Morris cigarette wrappers which they turned in during the contest. Cartons of cigarettes were presentled each week throughout the football season to everyone who predicted correctly the scores for two of the Big Ten games. Iryan Maury . . . will play from nine to twelve in the Union ballroom for the mixer tonight. The price will be one dollar. Decorations will be the same as for the Riveters’ Rassle last
night.
In Practical Pugilism Thirty-five enthusiastic Boilermaker pugilists are working out regularly in the Fieldhouse under the direction of Coach Joe Benna. At the present time Purdue has no intercollegiate boxing schedule, but Coach Benna and his proteges believe that in the future such a schedule will come into existence. There is plenty of good boxing material on the Riveter campus to make up a team that would compare very favorably with teams f 1 om any other college. J. Threlfall and J. Vaughn are among the experienced boxers on the campus that could very well defend Purdue’s honor against opponents. Other fine boxers training undei Benna are Grab and McKinzie, while Jesus Meta and Edwardo Hernandez, both of whom hail from Mexico, show plenty of fire in the ring. Until a regular varsity boxingteam IS a reality at Purdue, Boilermaker pugilists will have to content themselves with intramural competition, the annual Golden Glove bouts, and with the medals which are to be awarded next spring to the boys that are most successful in the intramural matches. Color Movies ... of Pompei; Bagdad; Syria; Persia; Turkey; Marseilles, Prance, and Russia will be shown in Coulter Hall at 7 p. m. Tuesday, December 12. These pictures were taken by Don Lamb in his recent trip in the East. The show is sponsored by the Purdue Speakers Bureau. All students, faculty, and friends are invited.
\
Song~Will Be Heard On Campus Varieties Headlining Campus Varieties this afternoon will be the music of Irvan Maury’s orchestra and the vocal in--terpretations of the band’s singers, Darlene Mahns, Eddie Beardsley, and Clint Brown. Other features to be spotlighted during the hour long program will be Charlie and the Girl Friends, Bob Smith, Pat Heine, Benny Burns, Charlie Powell, and
Jim McKillip.
The two new features that made their initial appearance last week will again be presented, namely. The Week in Review, which presents the highlights of the week just passed, and the Carmichael Song of the Week which this week will be the latest published composition from the pen of Hoagy Carmichael and will be played by the orchestra. Broadcast Prom WRH Another feature will be a song written by one of the band members, Clint Brown, and was introduced by Johnnie.. “Scat” Davis while he was playing at the Black^awk Restaurant in Chicago. The program which is broadcast over WBAA from 3 until 4 p. m , will originate from the grill lounge of Women’s Residence Hall west, and will be open to the public. In view of the fact that the Women’s Residence Halls are extending the hospitality of their grill lounge for the broadcast, the piogiam officials urge all membeis of the audience to observe certain requests made by the gull management concerning equipment, namely: 1. Leave coats and hats in the coat room on the first floor. 2 Do not sit on the ping pong tables. 3. Use the ash stands foi cigarette ashes and stubs. » PIA Tea Dancers To Hear' Song Hits Over Amplifiers Last PIA tea dance before the Christmas holidays will be held this afternoon from 3 to 5:30 in the Union ballroom. Recordings of current song^ hits will be played over one of the newest type public ad-
dress systems.
According to PIA officials in chaige of the dance, all eds are requested to weal coat and tie. Cutting will be pel nutted only between
dances.
All co-eds and PIA members will be admitted free, with a 10 cent charge foi all otheis.
Tour Star* Co-eds
. . . Georgann Schilling, Caroline Scott, and Louise Schickler were se- ■ lected at the Rassle last night for their beauty, personality, activity, and stuff.
Health Association Theta Xi
To Meet Saturday
High School . . . libi arian-teachers from the noithwestein counties of Indiana will meet in the faculty lounge of the Union this morning at 10 o’clock. The teacheis are heje to discuss the teaching of library work in the northwest high schools. The same gi oup met here early in October, making this the second meeting within three months.
Exposer
. . . copies of which were distributed last night at the Rassle, can now be obtained for five cents at the west desk in the Union and Deac’s.
Political Rivals Announce Gala Week Plans
Boilermaker Platform We, the Boilermaker candidates for Gala Week, wish to inform the student body of our plans for the Senior Week End. 1. We shall be open to suggestions from the entire senior class, as we feel this event should be one in which every senior has a part. 2. We shall make this Gala Week' more than just another Homecoming, but a week end both seniors and alumni shall long remember. 3. We promise that this year we will arrange the long promised Senior Hop. 4. Publicity worthy of such momentous occasion shall be given to this, our finale in campus activities. HUGH DEL VALLE ROGER ANDERSON HAROLD KOLB HANK MILLER FRANCES RAEBIG ELI YEAGER
Progressive Platform We, the Progressive candidates for Gala Week, wish to inform the student bo4y of our plans for the Senior week end. 1. An unforgettable Gala Week for seniors and alumni as well. 2. A Senior Banquet for all seniors. 3. A bigger Senior Dance with name band. 4. An improved Class Parade.
ARCH ARCHIBALD DON MEYERS BILL GOBEILLE
BENNY BURNS PAT HEINE MARV KELLER
Emphasizing the importance of coopeiative lelationship of vaiious departments within educational institutions, the annual meeting of the Indiana Student Health Association will be held here Saturday, December 1^, accoiding to Dr. S J. Miller, diiectoi of the Student Health Service and pi esident of the association. One of the highlights of the day’s program, which is expected to attract between 150 and 200 student health directois and others charged with responsibility in the general collegiate health program, will he an illustrated lecture on “The Constitution of Normal and 111 Mental Health” by Dr. Max Bahr, superintendent of the Central State Hospital, Indianapolis. Others, including members of the Purdue staff, will discuss phases of collegiate health. Camera Club Hears Tuttle TalkOn Color In an open meeting of the Camei a Club last night, H. B. Tuttle, of the Eastman Kodak Company, spoke on “Color Photography.” While the address was primarily a technical discussion, it was livened up considerably by several humorous anecdotes concerning previous lecture engagements. Tuttle traced the history of color photography from the first attempts in the middle of the 19th century when the picture was projected in a lantern slide through different colored filter solutions, to the present date almost perfect reproductions. A number of prints which had been processed by the lecturer were on exhibition. An open forum was held after the meeting during which Tuttle answered questions concerning photography in general.
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men: Hugh Redhead, LaGrange, 111.; Jack Bremer, Niagaia Falls, N. Y ; William Millei, West Lafayette, and Chailes Dangelmajer, Nutley, N. Y. The fiateimty also announces the election of the following officers: Mitchell Cash, president; Albert Rogers, vice president; and Henry
Goebel, house managei.
Dr. Dafoe, Quints Win Costume Prize Standing out in the whiskerstudded ballroom, the scene of this year’s annual “Riveters’ Rassle,” last night were five Boilermaker beaids which were promptly selected as the prize-winning growths by the Sigma Delta Chi judges. Honors of having the curliest beaid went to Jack McNulty, sophomore; the reddest beard to Paul Bowen, junior; the peach-fuzziest beard to Bob Bond, sophomore, and the best all-iound beard to Seymour Adler, sophomore. Activity Girls Georgann Schilling, Caroline Scott, and Louise Schickler were named as the “four-star co-eds” by the SDX judges on merits of their physical charms, campus activities, and geneial personalities. All three girls are prominent in senior co-ed activities and honoraries. Representing Dr. Dafeo, Bob Gullion, supported by Mary Jean Sifton, Marie Spicher, Phil Beatly, Annabel Tetter, and Norm Gessley who completed the mass get-up by chaiacterizing the Dionne quintuplets, walked away with the blue ribbons in the “name in the news” costume contest. The distinction of being chosen the best couple at the Rassle went to Ait Beddoe and his date, Warene Hoover, who disguised themselves as Mr. and Miss Demeanor. ' Dr.LanczosToSpeakOn Twentieth Century Physics The department of science will give a series of popular lectures on “Twentieth Century Physics” under the auspices of Sigma Pi Sigma, physics honorary. Dr. R. D. Present of the physics department, announced today. The lectures scheduled, which are on a popular level, include such subjects as cosmic rays, radio-activity, nuclear physics, and allied subjects. The first of the sei’ies is “Relativity” by Di. Cornelius Lanczos of the mathematics department. It is scheduled for 7:30 Monday, December 18, in room 202 of the physics building.
Work, Work, More Work Are Items Which Make 'A' Students
By Gordon Fletcher The oft desired and seldom attained “secret to becoming an A student” has been made public. That IS, it has if you can take the words of Harold Hoffman, a psychology major at Lenoir Rhyne College, and make them part of your educational religion. But like Dale Carnegie, Hoffman advocates a plan that takes work and study. Anyone can win friends and influence people if he has nothing else to do, and the same goes for straight “A” grades. But is it worth the while? You can judge for yourself. First Rule—Study First of all you must study, always keeping in mind the fact that students labeled geniuses really study for their superior marks. Someone once said that genius is 2 per cent inspiration and 98 per cent perspiration. His work bore out the fact, but what do you suppose his wife thought of the whole affair ? . Second—Love? Rule number two as set down by Hoffman says that you should “iove ALL the opposite sex, not just one of them. This tends to create a superior ‘I’m all right’ frame of mind.” But love is a queer thing that even psychology students sometimes have trouble with. As for the “I’m all right” frame of
mind, most of us have that anyway. Third—“Neutral” Then you must cultivate a liking for your professors and for your studies. Hoffman admits that this might be hard to do and suggests at least a “neutral” attitude should be taken toward each professor and each study. Then if a sincere effort is made to master the subject, success will be yours. Fourth—Interest Another point he makes is that every student has someone interested in his success—a father, mother, sister, brother, or a sweetheart. If he thinks of these sitting at home just waiting for word of success he will develop an “I’ll show ’em” attitude hard to defeat, and seek to prove to these backers that he is equal to the task. The term sweetheart was "unfortunately included, for whose “Schatz” ever sat at home and thought of those who were absent? Fifth—^Mixer The last point in Hoffman’s program is that of being a gqod mixer. Put on the old personality with your associates. Creating a favorable attitude in the eyes of your fellow students will make you as an individual happy, light-hearted, and free-desii-ed.a.,'
liii
• *
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Purdue Exponent Ehjtered as second class matter at the post office in Lafarette, Indiana, under the act of CJonKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage prorlded to* in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised Jana> ary 20,' 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Bummer Session, belivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
R. E. Insley W. E. Smith...... D. G. Terrio..... G. W. Frederick— E. M. Antonlni G. Schilling _..... R. Jenkins
Editorial Board J!dltor-la-Chlet , Business Manager ...—..Editorial Director ........ Managing Biditor Senior Advertising Manager ....... Oo-ed Editor ..... ... Sports Editor
Editorial R. F. DeHoog R. W. Donahne O.K.Hetpte J. H. McKee M. li. Miers J.C. missy
lunior Staff Business R. Fisher R.HaU A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, See.
Sports' J. P. Dolan S. D. Maranls M. M. Richards Co-ed M. Bnrtsfleld G. Carroll B. Simpson
D. J. Henninger, Art.. Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL. ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Smice, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AVE. New York. N.Y, CHICAGO ■ Boston • Los Angeles ■ San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Saturday, December 9, 1939 Night Editor—Skallemp Issue Editor—Ochilismith
But
By Vladimir We’re not going political on you. but we do want to relate a little incident that occurred in front of the Executive building the other day. President Elliott had jiTst made his exit from the building and was at the bottom of the steps when a fellow wearing a Progressive ticket breezed into view. The President stopped him and pointing to the yellow card asked, “What is that?” The Progressive man explained. He had just finished when a Boilermaker supporter came upon them. He, too, was stopped by the Prexy, and he gave practically the ^me explanation. President Elliott, looked from one to the other for a minute, then mused, “Aren’t the Boilermakers progressive?” jjf sH ♦ We think the man-behind-the-orange-tag missed a beautiful chance to reply, “Sure, aren’t the Progressives boilermakers?” But we should worry, we’re not on either, party. From our lapel dangles two tags, one from each party. As we walk from class to class, and to and from the Union, they twirl merrily in the breeze. We’re going to vote for the one that is on top when we step into the booth.
Purdue Ranked First ... in a survey of housing accommodations in Big Ten schools made by The Minnesota Daily recently. The report stated that 6,8 per cent of Purdue’s out-of-town students were accommodated in University dormitories. On the face of things, this looks like fine news. On closer examination of the report, however, it appears that The Minnesota Da-ily, in its zeal to push a housing campaign on it^ own campus, made a slight error in its tabulations. , The report states that Purdue has dormitory accommodations for 1,500 students. This statement is absolutely correct, a fact that we all can be proud of. But the report then goes on to state that the University has only 2,200 out-of-town students. This is absurd. In a quick calculation last night it was discovered that out of the 7,121 students enrolled here as of October 1, only 980 were registered |rom Tippecanoe County. We assumed this to be the resident population. That would leave roughly 6,100 outnbf-town students. On this basis, the University provides accommodations for 24 per cent of its out-of-town pophlace. If the other figures in the survey can be relied upon, this would rank Purdue fourth, headed by Chicago, Iowa, and Northwestern in that order. *’To further evaluate the survey, it might be pointed out that all three of the universities that top Purdue in dormitory accommodations are located in large centers of population. Naturally the ratio of their out-of-town students to resident students is much smaller than that in universities located in smaller cities. If the survey were to take this fact into account, it might he possible for Purdue to head the Big Ten in housing accommodations. We, here at the University, take great pride in our physical plant. The things that we don’t have, we’re in the process of getting, thanks to an “on the ball” administration. We’re sorry, Minnesota, that we can’t lead your survey in fact; but thanks for the plug anyway!—R. W. D.
' Off the record: The machine gun that shatters the silence during the present Playshop production “Winterset” does not have a sound peculiar to the New York type. It is a sound recording made by a German machine gun. ' Playshop officials chose this one out of numerous recordings because it more completely fits the stereotype now in the public mind. * # * Which brings us to the startling statement made by the captain of a torpedoed English ship. HeS said quote, “When I last saw my ship, it was sinking.” Well, that SHOULD give a clue to its present whereabouts. * * :(! Before leaving you we’d like to mention the Hoosier Engineering Company of Chicago. It has branch offices in Columbus, Ohio, and New York, N. Y. It has a good name, anyhow.
The DEBRIS staff had cokes yesterday to celebrate the engagement of none other than Caroline Scott. We wonder what Mr. BodTden, University auditor, will say when he sees cokes charged up to “Romance.” Caroline was so excited that she couldn’t even talk . . . can you imagine a woman in that predicament . . . the lad that invested in the ring was Bob Deckard, editor of “Fielder’s Choice.” —B & B— They tell us that Mollie Harding is mighty clever at tossiii’ .yeasty words into any conversational dough, or would it be better to call them pu'nnie puns? —B & B— By the by have you seen that snazzy little red coupe that Hank Eigelsbach is swoopin’ around in? Here’s just another chance, girls, he’s free, from what we hear. —B & B— Dear B & B: It would undoubtedly be of interest to your readers to know that the Abraham Zilch of the open letter to Jimmy Hunter and the one telling that Lois Goerss was the co-ed engineer involved is none other than Lois, herself. The writer has definite knowledge that Lois had these articles written so that she rnight see her name in print for the first time since she came to Purdue. Tsk, tsk, Lois, that is a poor way to get publicity. What will your friends (?) think? Take a tip fronf me, Lois, and tell the guy you love him. I’ma Rat, (I live with her) —B & B— P. S. Also, Lois has been getting up early every morning to wait for the Exponent so that she may read what she has to say about herself. When she finds out that I wrote to you I may need a bodyguard. Do you furnish them? ' —B & B— ' Bear Rat: . Your letter interests us but slight-
TH£ SmSER
By Mary Beard “My Life,” autobiography of Havelock Ellis. A surpassing love story of a man who had the power to attract and hold the worship of women. He began this book whichhas just recently been published, forty years ago. It tells of his seagoing adolescence and early life in Australia, his studies in medicine, his friendship with great modern writers, and his own extraordinary love story. “Children of God,” by Vardis Fisher. Winner of the Harper Prize Novel Contest in 1939. It is an American epic, covering one of the ’ least known chapters in our history. This book relates the story of the Mormons’ beginning, rapid growth, persecution, and migi’ation to Utah.
“Escape,” by Ethel Vance. A story of loyal Germans risking their lives to thwart Nazi brutality. It tells .of a woman betraying the man she loves in a desperate plot with others to save from execution a woman they hardly knew. A book that is bainhed in Germany today. “The Hudson,” by Carl Carmer. Tells of the rough and tumble life of the Dutch traders, in which the lovely Quakeress, Mehitahel Wing, is brought into the gallery of American heroines. It relates tales of the old whalers and seadogs of the Catskill shore, the steamboat races from Albany to New York, and the showboat’s anti-rent melodramas to incite the farmers along the Hudson River "against -their landlords. A potential substitute fen* sheet mica is Alsifilm, made from bentonite, a discovery made by Ernst A. Hause, professor of Chemistry at M. I. T.
Use EXPONENT Classified Ads
MARS Starts lOMORIiOW
LIMA SUNDAY - MONDAY
GLORIA DICKSON • MAXIE ROSENBLOON LAST DAY — 2 Features AUTHENTIC WAR DRAMA . . . "U-BOAT 29^: — ALSO— , GENE AUTRY — IN — “MOUNTAIN RHYTHM"
k ’ ,NEW Main
MIDNIGHT PREVUE TONITE 11:30 murder eouows j® the quiet Of a sirau towh. but GANGIAND meets nS_.^MASTER IN A HOMESPUN PROSECUTOR WHO TARES THE I AW IH8 HIS OWN HAHDS
IT'S
tdvtQid AniPo
ELLIS LOUISE
NOBEftI 8AIDWIN HAROID HUBII FIRST RUKl
8EVIRU BOBEBTS
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE JANE WYMAN — IN — TORCHY PLAYS WITH DYNAMITE -plusphantom STRIKES
Saturdoyt December 9> 1939
By Lichfy
-M'
'Whadd’ya mean, I don’t know anything about music? Name any record and I’ll tell you what’s on the other side!”
ly. Owing to the fact that we didn’t have anything good to print today we used.it. It sounds like a little case of jealousy to us. If I were. Lois, I would try about eleven ounces of rat poison in your coffee (the last ten would just be to make sure it was a good job). To Lois we advise a more thorough selection of roommates. The Eds. —B&B— We wonder what will come of the vicious triangle involving Barbara Hyman, Dick North, and Jim Williams? Barb was dividing her attentions between the two lads at the game Thursday night.. - and where was our strong, silent Phi Delt, Bob Meihaus?
ARC
A Philadelphia mining company bought a meteor crater in Arizona hoping to find tons of pure nidkeliron alloy but it has never disclosed in test drilling any sign of a buried metal mass. The entire output of sodium cai’bonate of natural brines and Saline deposits in the United States now comes from Owens Lake and Searles Lake, California.
—LAST TIMES TODAY—
THim MERIliiST YETI
— and— 'RACKETEERS OF THE RANGE" — WITH — GEORGE O'BRIEN —AIJO —
SUNDAY - MONDAY LUCKY NIGHT ARKANSAS TRAVELER SHORT SUBIECT
umnsriB STARTS TOMORROW
BEEN BO
« HAS NEVER
romance “yMi ^ been svch_ h.i'
It’S
the
yco*
WARREN WILLIAM BfNNIE BARNES: WENDY BARRIE JOAN DAViSi -LAST day-
lew AYRES LIONEL BARRYMORE — IN — "THE SECRET OF DR. KILDARE"
TODAY 3:30 and 8:30
The Outsf-anding Broadway Success!
TAYLOR HOLMES
and a Superb Broadway Cast including BRANDON PETERS. TOMMY LEWIS • WILMA FRANCIS "The best comedy I've seen in years"—GEO. M. COHAN
Box Office Now Open Daily, 11 A. M. to 9 P. M. Phone 7903 for RESERVATIONS ADM . ■ « - ?-83 - $1.10 - $1.65 Night $.83 - $1,10 - $1,65 . $2.00 - $2.50
300 MATINEE SEATS AT 55cf
Soturdoy# December 9i 1939 - >
£xpDmnL fijcujSL
Star-Studded Cast Heads Third Annual Aquacade
By Edgar Eatzenberg / Marking the third anniversary of the formal opening of the swimming pool in Purdue’s new Fieldhouse, a large and well known cast headed and directed by Dick Papenguth, University swimming mentor, • under the auspices of Dolphin and Triton dubs, presents the third annual water carnivaj/ Since its inception, ’way back in 1937 when the Fieldhouse pool was officially inaugurated with the first water aquacade, the event has grown in reputation until now, some of the brightest lights in swimdom will parade before Boilermaker eyes in this year’s carnival. “A Life Guard’s Dream,” a farce chock full of swimming antics, was ' the theme of the inaugural production, The program was built around the thoughts of a lifeguard, pantomiming all that went on in his dream. Triton club furnished nu merous mermaids, and Barbara Cook, queen of the show, was presented amidst music and beautiful lighting effects. Claudia Eckhart and Barbara Cook, both famous springboard artists, were featured in a spectacular diving act, relieved by comedy acts on and off the springboard which kept the crowded gallery in stitches. Successful A successful and dramatic production in every respect, the aquacade was originally presented in order to raise funds to assist the swimming team to make their annual winter training trip down to the land of sunshine. Today, although funds raised are still utilized for the same purpose, the event has grrown to major proportions in the long parade of Boilermaker entertainment. ^ Reversing the original theme to take the feminine point of view, last year’s production featured the story of a “Mermaid’s Dream;” a tale woven by the Triton and Dolphin clubs, A beautiful exhibition of formation swimming to music, put on by_ the Triton club, provided the
aesthetic touch for art lovers. Comedy again was an integral part of the show, with the entire crowd kept in an uproar by a series of acrobatic stunts that went off without a slip. The program was broadened and diversified, however, in the 1938 pageant. A canoeing exhibition, a farcical diving instruction session, and a water polo match were put into the ever-growing show, and its reputation spread beyond the home of the Boilermakers. Most Ambitious .‘And now, the third annual pageant and water carnival, presented again by Dolphin and Triton clubs, will present the most ambitious program ever attempted for the approval of the Purdue student body. Dick Papenguth has assembled, to a great extent through personal friendships, swimming headliners which will generously stud the all-star program. Adolph Kiefer, the world’s fastest backstroker; Katherine Rawls, champion free styler and diver; Patty Aspinal, girl breaststroke champion, and Larry Griswold, who panicked two World Pair aquacades with his antics, will head an aquacade which will be remembered by Boilermakers for a long time to come. Two performances of the pageant will be held, next Friday and Saturday evenings being the chosen dates, with room for approximately 700 spectators.
I-M Schedules
, SQUASH Today Courts 1, 2, and 3: :00 p. m.—-Phi Kappa vS. Sigma Nu. :00 p. m.—Sigma Pi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. :00 p. m.—Theta Xi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. :00 p. m.—SAE vs. Phi Gamma Delta. :00 p. m.—Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda.
BOWLING TOURNAMENT Tuesday 7 :00—Bivouac vs. Pi Kappa Phi; Sigma Nu vs. Black Buzzards; Beta Theta Pi vs. Cary Hall. 9:00—Phi Gamma Delta, vs. Cary Hall, South.
ATTENTIONi STUDENTS It Is Not Too Late to Enroll in Our NEW BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES Beginner's Wed., Dec. 13, 7;0b §>. m. Advanced Thurs., Dec. 14, 7:00 p. m. New Classes for Children Open Saturday, Jan. 6f'h BALLET TAP BALLROOM Phone 2150 ALLEN’S ethfirFerry
FOR HIS CHRISTMAS
An exceptional assortment of pajamas and lounging robes from which you can choose the best design and color at prices no more than you would pay for ordinary merchandise. . . . Get in on the ground floor.
316 State St., West Lofoyette
Phone 2237
Riveter Coaches \ Travel To Annual Big Ten Meeting Gathering together to discuss the multitude' of problems and questions that are encountered in a year of major conference competition, the coaches and officials of the Western Collegiate Conference are now holding their annual meeting at the Sherman Hotel in Chicago. Representing the Boilermaker official staff, almost all of the Riveter athletic department and coaching corps are attending the conference meeting to present the Boilermaker angles and problenjs. Athletic Director Nobe Kizer led the Boilermaker coaching contingent to the Windy City. He was ac-, companied by Mai Elward, Bob Woodworth, Larry LaBree, Dutch Fehring, Sammy 'VoinofT, Red Mackjejr, Mel Taube, Claude Reeck, Dick Papenguth, Hermon Phillips, Homer Allen, and Dr. Eastwood. Dr. Eastwood, frosh swimnpng coach, will lead' a discussion of the training of physical education instructors this morning. Homer Allen, frosh track coach, will summarize the discussion. Lambert Takes Time Out Piggy Lambert, Boilermaker basketball coach, will take time off from preparing his varsity netters for Monday night’s game to go to Chicago for the basketball mentors’ meeting on Sunday. With a separate meeting for the coaches of each sport and for the athletic directors, publicity directors, and physical education instructors, the Big Ten athletic staffs will discuss each sport in detail. At these meetings the coaches discuss and suggest possible rule changes. The coaches do not make the new rules, but merely suggest changes to the faculty committee. These changes must then be approved by this committee and every school in the conference. Another important phase of the conference is the drafting up of future sports schedules. Fencers Prepare For Season's Competition Sponsored by Silver Mask, fencing honorary, the Boilermaker fencing team is preparing for another season of dual meet competition. Professor Finney, varsity coach, is training the team members in the intricacies of the sport. A schedule of matches is being made out. The Riveter fencers will probably meet several opponents at home Rnd a few away from home. Washington of St. Louis has already agreed to a match at St. Louis. Captain Weldy invites all men with previous fencing experience to report ’^:o the Fieldhouse Monday at 4 p. m.
Boillsrmak^rs To Meet DePaul Monday
^ioMoh'A. OhoioL By Robert J. Deckard With the Boilermaker net outfit taking the Western Illinois Stete Teachers’ quintet into camp by a score of 47 to 24, the curtain raiser of the 1939-40 Purdue basketball show gave Boilermaker hardwood fans a picture of the Riveter team in action Thursday night in the Fieldhouse goalry and some idea of what the team would Iqok like this year. —^fc— Fifteen Boilermakers had roles in the premiere and turned in fairly good performances .. , Some of the Purdue men missed their cues several times during the evening’s play, but this was to be expected because of the short time the Boilermakers have had to practice the past few weeks. —^fc— All in all, Coach Piggy Lambert’s men didn’t do bad . . . Out of 95 shots made during the game, 21 were good for a percentage of 22.1 ... In the free-throw line the Boilermakers accounted for five out of ten. -^fc— Frosty Sprowl, sophomore forward, led the attack, garnering five out of 19 cracks at the draperies, while Bob Igney, his mate at the forward post, hit the same number in 17 . Freddie Beretta, guard and captain, made three of 13, and Mickey Tierney one out of 12. —fc— Danny Fisher and Eli Yeager sank two of 10 and six, respectively, While Forest Weber and Gene Herschleman negotiated one out of six . . . Fisher and Yeager hit twice from the free throw line to lead in this department. —fc— After looking the team over, FC was baffled with Purdue’s prospects for a championship team. Of course, the campaign is just getting under way, and it’s not quite feasible to draw too many conclusions at this early date. —^fc— But we have come to one conclusion that demands a lot of attention ... Of material Lambert has plenty . . . The respective departments, forward, center, and guard, can boast of a number of reserves that are equally as good as the men in the “starting lineup.” This rneans that Lambert can fire away a flock of subs that will keep the same type of ball plasring going on and will cause the opponents plenty of worry . . . And any coach that has that abundance of material won’t have many gray hairs. —^fc— Perhaps two of the most impor-
Come Over and Hear Benny Goodman’s Theme
Let's Dance"
The First Time This Song Has Ever Been Recorded and "The Little Red Fox" also Complete Lines of Victor, Brunswick, Vocation and Decca Records THE FOSTER SHOP EAST SIDE SQUARE
Bespectacled Danny
Netmen Seek To Smodth Out Offense In Preparation For Blue Demon Invasion Seeking to smooth out some of the rough spots that appeared in Thursday night’s tilt, Coach Piggy Lambert sent his net charges through an intensive polishing-up drill yesterday afternoon on the Fieldhouse hardwood. "We looked very good in spots, but there are a number of other places that need improving,” was Piggy’s main comment on the game. — — Sophs Shine
The showing of a number of sophomores who were getting their first taste of outside opposition in the opener Thursday, heaped new fuel on rumors that this year's edition of Boilermaker starters may be studded with one or two secondyear men. Frosty Sprowl, vrho was the main reason that the varsity managed to eke out a victory over the frosh squad, combined five baskets with some fancy ball-handling to share the high scoring honors with Bob Igney. Mick Tierney, another product of Illinois, was the big cog in the Riveter defense and his playing showed the Boilermaker fans that they need have little fear about the local squad’s defensive
strength.
Face DePaul Monday night DePaul, an almost perennial power in mid-western basketball circles, will invade the Fieldhouse hardwood with a team that has lost only Bob Neu, high scoring forward, from last year’s squad. The Blue Demons gave Piggy’s boys quite a scare last season when they outplayed the Boilermakers in the first half and led at the end of the period by the score of 17-16, only to have the Riveters come back and hang up a 43-36 vic-
tory.
Invaders Strong Coach Tom Haggerty’s invading squad presents a well-balanced group of performers that combines • both speed and height on the offense, and a defense that is tough to crack. The team is built around Elmer Gainer, 6 foot, 6 inch, junior center, and Captain Stan Szukala, selected on the second All-American team last year by the New York sports wi-iters. Szukala, a 6 foot, 2 inch guard, was second only to Neu in DePaul’s scoring last season. The rest of the Blue Demon’s lineup will in all probability be composed of Ed “Blackie” Sachs, 6 foot, 1 inch, junior letterman at the other guard post, and Ed Norris, a senior veteran, and Lou Possner, a sophomore find, at the two forward berths.
... Fisher is one of the main cogs in the Boilermaker net machine.
tant factors in the winning ways of a ball club are the team’s schedule and the condition of the team . . . In recent years Boilermaker fives have traveled eastward* westward* and southward to engage any number of quintets daring the holiday
season. —^fc—
The result was that the Boilermakers bore down in early practice sessions and “burned” out a lot of energy in order to make the traveling team . .. By the time the holidays had come around, they were in almost mid-season form, which was not so good with the torrid Westex-n Conference season in the offing.
—^fc—
This year the Riveter chiefs have wisely decided to stay at home . . . The result is that the team won’t have to put on the shine and lustre too early . . . Lambert can utilize the holiday games as a form of experiment, giving the squad some good practice sessions and ironing out wrinkles . . . Another result is that the Boilermakers will be in good shape for the all-important conference^ race, providing no bad breaks take their toll.
The record to date on the 8% nule stretch of California State Highway Commission’s San PranciscoOakland Bay Bridge is only one accident for every million miles traveled. In spite of the tremendous growth of competitive forms of transpoirtation, especially the motor tx-uck, the railroads still carry two-thirds of the total freight traffic of the United States.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Udity
"We want a perfume that will make us smell like women of the world!”N T-* "f'* ^ -^1 * L '<f^: •i-.<»(>TvV -^--- a-'-i^A^TV’-- . ■-
iv'u f.. ■
'l^.-
I.’X'':
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. December 9, 1939
Showing At Mars Theatre Today
JomoMow, 9Jt, Jha (^PtWidtsA,
Methodist Students
The Northrup home has its charming member in Marcia Giles (Wilma Francis), ward of “Gramps” and Nellie Northrup. Marcia, too, is distressed about the repellent Aunt Demetria who battles for the guardianship of “Gramps” 8-year-old grandson “Pud.” Marcia sympathizes with Taylor Holmes (left) who accomplishes one of those rarely perfect characterizations that become part of the legend of the stage. Both Mr. Holmes and Miss Francis are screen favorites as well as stage celebrities. Coming to the Mar Theatre Saturday for afternoon and evening performances.
8:00 a. m.—Christmas breakfast for freshmen. (Free)—All invited. 9:30 a, m.—Co-ed class, “Christian Personality,” Mrs. McFadden. Men’s classes at the church. 1. “Spiritual Values in Literature,” Dr.'H. L. Creek. 2. “Christianity and Cooperatives,” Dr. A. A. Smith. 3. “The Life of Christ.” Rev. Wm. McFadden. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Worship. Sermon by Dr. Steele on “The Obstacle Complex.” . 3:00 to 5:00 p. m.—Tea for coeds at the McFadden home, 245 Wood St. 5:00 p. m.—Fellowship supper in charge of Raymond Pauley and Donald Wayman. 6:30 p. m.—University Epwoi’th League. Panel discussion by Joseph Osborn, Hobart Blosser, Peggy Meese, Fairie Totten and Edgar White on “Pacifism as a Way of Life.”
Christian Foundation Sunday Program in Lafayette Church
WBAA
—Today— 11:00—Just Kids 11:15—Carolyn Wood, soprano 11:30—High School Guest, Carrolton High School 12:00—The Woman Shopper 12:15—Tune Time, Charles Powell 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 12:45—Market Reports 1:00^—Radio Stage . 1:30—Monitor Views the News 1:45—Tea Time 2:00—Stamp Club of the Air 2:15—Wabash College Glee Club . 2:3Q—The Birth of the News 3:00—Campus Varieties
at 4 o’clock. Entertainment for the evening will consist of a demonstration of men’s basketball rules and technique. This tea is for WAA members only. —WAA—
(jddd, TbiWA,
Volleyball schedule for next week is as follows: Tuesday at 4 o’clock: Pi Phi vs. West Hall; Ward 1 vs. Ward 3. At 4:45—Kappa vs. Chi Omega; Pedalion vs. Alpha Xi. Wednesday at 4 o’clock: Thaeles vs. Pedalion; South Hall vs. North Hall; Ward 2 vs. Ward 3. Thursday at 4 o’clock: Winner of League I 'vs. Winner of League 2; Winner of League k vs. Winner of League 4. Friday at 4 o’clock: Winners of ^Thursday’s games will play the final game for the championship.
9:30 a. m.-—Student class.. Prof. V. L. Aljberg will speak on the subject, “Causes and Effects of War.” 10:40 a. m.—Church service. Doyle Mullen will preach on “Let Us Pray,” including specific suggested ways of praying. 5:30 to 6:00 p. m.—Vespers. 6:00 to 6:30 p. m.^—^Recreation. 6:30 to 7:30 p. m.—Discussion, led by Prof. Gordon Graves on “WarCause and Result of a Capitalistic Nation.”
Baptist Students
By Mary Pidgeon
WAA fencers are meeting every Monday and Friday evening at 4 o’clock under the direction of Miss Mai’jorie Case of the physical education department. It’s still not too late to participate, why not try your skill at this fascinating sport ? —WAA— .. . Corrective exercises are given by Professor Marion Russell on Monday evenings for sophomore, junior, and senior girls who are interested in improving their posture. —WAA— Members of the Camp Kraft course are meeting at the WAA cabin Sunday afternoon at 3:16 for a rabbit and fowl supper. On this occasion they are supposed to display their newly acquired skills of outdoor cookery. —WAA— . The Christmas Tea will be in the women’s gym Monday, December 18,
PIA Chorus Forms 'Thirty-Three' Club
9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club class. Dean M. L. Fisher, teacher. 10:35 a. ni.—Sermon by Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason. Christmas music by the choir and duet by Anne and Alivia Brinduse. 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club home houx'. 10 cent lunch and Carol singing. 6:30 p. m.—Christmas in Other Lands by students from other lands.
Presbyterian and Congregational Students
Meixxbers of the PIA Men’s Chorus, which had an enrollment of 42 ixiembers at the beginning of the year, met Tuesday night and formed a “Thirty-Three Club,” by which name they will be known. The group is composed of non-fraternity men who are interested in singing as extracuri’icular activity and who have had some experience in choral work. Tom Heckman, senior ME, was elected president.
Morning program at Central Presbyterian Church. 9:30 a. m.^—Dr. G. H. Graves will lead the first of a series of discussions on the Ten Commandments. 10:40 a. m.—The Saci’ament of the Lord’s Supper will be observed. 6:00 p. m.—Supper and an infoi’mal program at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz St.
USEFUL XMAS HINTS
In August, 1939, there were the following U. S. residents in Europe, exclusive of tourists: France, 12,964; Gi’eat Bi’itain, 10,562; Gerxnany, 8,000; Italy, 23,330; Poland, 2,569, and GreecCj 3,014.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Florists
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19'/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optdnietrist^ 504 Main St.
KURV-INITIAL KEY CHAINS
• His three initials on this smart new Hickok key chain. Patented ends hold keys securely. Holiday packaged,
Notices
Purdue Radio Guild: Meeting Saturday, December 9, at 4:16 p. m. in the old Ag office of the Union. Program. —MILLER.
Alumni and actives are requested to attend. —HETTBMA.
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Reamers: All members return unsold tickets and money to me by Monday, December 11. —HITCHCOCK.
Union SophomoresOur committees Rlease meet Monday, December 11, at 4 p. m. in the Union office. —BROOKS, SEIBERT.
Garden Club: Meeting Saturday, December 9, at 8:00 p. m. in Agriculturist office of Union. ' .—ROSS.
Fencers: Following men report to the Fieldhouse at 4 p. m., Monday, December 11: Redhead, Parks, Bauman, Krohn, Huffman, Gayer, Bernard, Levin, Doiinellar, McRae, Fraser, McCarthy, Burl, Thray, Triplett, Lafel, Keeler, McConahay, Oakes, Jones. —WELDY.
SAE Members: All who want to go to Indianapolis on Thursday afternoon, December 14, should sign up immediately on the SAE bulletin board in the basement of the ME building. Plan to go to the International Harvester engine plant in the afternoon and the : Indiana section SAE meeting at night. Anyone with a car is especially welcome. —CAHILL.
Meredith Club: Style show volunteer models, only those who are club members and size 16, come to HE building, room 107, at 4 p. m. Monday, December 11,
—QUINN. Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, December 12, in room P of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
Chi Epsilon: Formal initiation Wednesday, December 13, at 6:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. Banquet will start immediately after the initiation. —CORNELL.
Seniors: Personnel Data Sheets are available at the Activities Bureau office for $3.86 a hundred. Seniors are urged to take advantage of this streamlined way of impressing employers. (12-15) —BREUER.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, December 9, by schools as follows: Students whose names begin with A-E, room 101, Michael. Golden Shops; P-Le, room 264, Electrical Engineering building: Li-R/ room 129, Electrical Eagineering building; S-Z, room 201, Civil Engineering building. KNAPP.
Kappa Delta Pi: All KDP members who plan td attend the Christmas party Tuesday, December 12, -should sign up in Miss McFarland’s office. Bring a 10c gift. —NEAL.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE
All Students: Color movies of such places as Pompei, Persia, and Turkey will be shown Tuesday, December 12, at 7 p. m. in Coulter Hall. .—LAMB.
FOR SALE—Tjipewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Newman Club: Regular Newman club breakfast following 9 :30 mass, Sunday Dec 10- __nbsius. ‘
Triton Club: Aquacade ballet practice Saturday, December 9, at 1:30 p. m. in the Women’s Gym, —SPEARS.
FOR RENT RUSS’ RENT-A-CAR service. Phone 71644 after 6 p. m. Minimum $2.00—$2.60. All night.
FOR RENT—Large double room near Fieldhouse. Outside entrance. Phone 66083.
Student Senate: Please come to Senate office and sign the hours during which you can work at the election, Tuesday, December 12. —BSTEY.
Theta Alpha Phi: Initiation at 4:30 p. m. Sunday, December 10, in reception room of the Union. All pledges must be at rehearsal at 9 a. m. in the reception room?
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Keuffel and Esser Drawing Set, Special Arrow. Reward. Return to or call Cary Hall, North, Room 109.
«
OLD AGE INSURANCE
/or Your Shirts!
. . . that's what our "Dated Laundered Shirt" guarantee amounts to. It means your shirt is insured" a full year when laundered exclusively by us. A new one, if it wears out before then.
More "SOCIAL SECURITY"
. . . is yours when you wear a suit that's been CROWN cleaned. Our more careful CROWN process restores the immaculate appearance and smart tailored lines your garment had when It was brand new. CROWN dry cleaning is your sure-fire "passport" to social correctness . . . always.
Insured Moth Proofing
JF I N E C L E A H E R S O F r I N E C LOTH E S
He’s Here Again Do Your Xmas Shopping Early
Merchants are ready with the finest display of Christmas merchandis^ ever assembled. The streets are ablaze with colorful lights—the shops decked in gay holiday attire. The whole city is transformed into a festival of merry making. This is a picture of Lafayette, Do your shopping in Lafayette before going home Christmas.
PATRONIZE LOCAL MERCHANTS