41
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY February 26, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL 49 No. 121
Ibsisrs To Test lU ibtosii Tonight
V\
Music Room Program Will Feature Eddie Mae Brown Sunday Eddie Mae Brown, well-known Lafayette violinist, will be featured in a classical program at 4 o’clock in the Union ballroom in tomorrow’s * music room concert. Miss Brown has acted as soloist for the University concert choir, and later won a musical scholarship in Indianapolis. She is now playing in the Viking Room of the Hotel Warren in Indianapolis. Miss Brown will be assisted on the program by John Nelson, accordionist, who also accompanies her professionally. The young violinist and her accompanist will be entertained at a reception after the concert at the home of A. P. Stewart, University director of glee clubs and choruses. Judges Pick Prize Camera Club Prints Gilbert Dunbar Williams, of the speech department, and Dr. Edward Kohl, of the biology department, selected 33 prints last night from the large number turned in by Camera Club members. These prints were hung in the music room last night, and will remain on exhibition until Tuesday, or possibly later. Late in the week the prints will be taken down to comppse a traveling exhibit which will be sent to eight or 10 universities and return about May 15. Illinois University and the University of Michigan were the first universities to write the Camera Club and ask for the exhibit. Exhibit Committee Chairman W. Derner said that there were many unusual and interesting shots included in the group. Portraits, landscapes, still life, and architecture will be among the pictures exhibited. Lt. Colonel W. B. Wright Interviews Applicants For Army Air Service Seeking applicants for appointments as flying cadets, Lt. Colonel William B. Wright of the Army air service has been at the University since Thursday of this week. Making the Armory his headquarters, he has interviewed and will continue to interview today all those who are interested and wish additional information. ^ The appointments are limited to unmarried men between the ages of 20 and 27 who have completed at least 60 per cent of their work towards a degree. They carry with them a pay of $75 a month and expenses for students, and a chance for commissions in .the Air Reserve Corps with additional pay. Applications may be obtained in the office of the University military department. ATO’s To Attend State Dance In Indianapolis Judge Willard M. Benton of Kansas City, new Worthy Grand Chief, will be the principal speaker at the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity’s annual “state” dinner and dance to be held next Saturday evening at the Lincoln Hotel in Indianapolis. At 3 p. m. a reception will be held for the national officers followed at 4 p< m. by the dinner. Joe McCart--ney and his band will furnish music for the formal dance starting at 9 p. m. Alumni members of the fraternity may attend the dinner and dance which is sponsored by the four chapters of Alpha Tau Omega fraternity in this state, located at Purdue, Indiana, and DePauw universities, and Rose Polytechnic Institute.
Downstate Rivals To Be Hosts In Battle
Alpha, Beta, Gamma..
Keith Beecher . . . not every Greek letter was represented but members of the seven campus sororities reveled to the music of Keith Beecher’s band in the Memorial Union Building last night. “I like Purdue,” the blonde band leader commented upon being questioned,” that is, I like the buildings. That’s all I’ve seen of it so far—^for I only arrived this evening. “College dances are a novelty for my band. We seldom play one night engagements and scarcely ever do college dances.” To queries about his being a descendant of Henry Ward Beecher and Harriet Beecher Stowe he replied, “I guess it’s true.” “Dirt” On Band “But let me give you a little dirt on some members of my band. The drummer answers to the ftame of Dr. Francis Schliesman, dentist in the daytime. My vocalist Judy Talbot, is being featured on the NBC ‘Club Matinee’ program.” Beecher not only directs the orchestra and plays the piano, but also arranges the music. Virigina Laramore was m charge of arrangements for the annual women’s Pan-Hellenic dance. I^esident of the Council, Mary Gene Jal*rett presided.
University Faculty The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, February 28, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott, President.
Victory Would Put Boilermakers In Undisputed First Place; Northwestern idle In Big Ten Race PROBABLE LINEUPS Purdue Position Indiana Young Forward Johnson Sines Forward McCreary Anderson Center Huffman Malaska Guard Platt or Ooley Beretta Guard Andres Referee—Kearns, DePaul. Umpire—Bray, Xavier, Take advantage of Exponent service and call 5037-5038 for results of tonight’s basketball game with Indiana. Tied with Northwestern for the lead in the Big Ten basketball conference race, Purdue’s cagers will come up against Indiana tonight for the second time of the season. The outcome of this game will determine undisputed leadership in the home-stretch drive for the title, for the week-end at least, as Northwestern I ■ I I ' does not see action.
WIND Will Broadcast Last Half Of PurdueImdiana Game Tonight Purdue and Indiana’s basketball encounter will be broadcast tonight over station WIND, Gary. Only the last part of the game will be broadcast, however, since the play-by-play description begins at 8 o’clock, while the game starts at 7:30. Also a re-broadcast will be given over station WIRE, Indianapolis, at 11 o’clock. A similar broadcast was produced after the Purdue-Indiana game earlier in the season.
LamNa Chi Alpha... , . . social fraternity recently announced the following election of officers: president, L. T. Askren; vice-president, L. J. Diehl; secretary, N. P. Thompson; treasurer, A. W. Ehlers; house manager, G. W. Greey; social chairman, V. L. Hill; sergeant-at-arms, J. A. Bruce; correspondent, G. C. Thompson. I. M. Cole, Indianapolis, was pledged. Lou Schilling... . . . and his orchestra will play for tonight’s weekly mixer in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. The 9-12 dance which carries a one dollar admission fee, will use as a backdrop the same one which was used at last night’s Pan-Hel-lenic Ball; namely a map of the campus depicting locations of all sorority houses.
A victory for the Boilermakers would catapult them into first place by a half-game margin, while a loss would leave the Wildcats holding the top position by the same amount. Close Competition Although Purdue has piled up a top-heavy lead in the all-time series between the Hoosier Big Ten rivals, the keenness of the competition is better expressed by the 38-36 victory of the Boilermakers in the initial meeting this season. Only a last minute rally gave Purdue its margin of victory. Coach Ward Lambert, with the Hoosiers on their home floor and smarting under the lash of several unexpected close defeats, is frankly fearful that Dean’s combination may prove to be Purdue’s stumbling block in the quest for the Big Ten championship. Directing General Flanked by 16 players, “Piggy” will move onto the Indiana battlefront and direct his shock troops consisting of Young, Sines, Malaska, Anderson, and Beretta against Purdue’s most bitter rival. First line x’eserves are Fisher, Yeager, and Dickinson. Fisher^ To Speak Dean M. L. Fisher will speak March 4, at the next series of adult education lectures on conservation, upon the topic “Conservation of Bird Life.” “Soil Conservation in Europe” will be presented on the same program by JH. 0. Pence, of the agronomy extension staff.
Lawyer Will Give 3rd Marital Talk C. H. Robertson, Lafayette attorney, will speak before senior men and women Tuesday in the large lecture room of the Education Building on “Some Legal Aspects of Special Interest.” His speech will be the third of a series of five marital lectures for senior students. As the previous two lectures, this one will be open to both men and women seniors, although the last two will be open only to senior men. Robertson has spoken at the University marital lectures for the past three years. He obtained his preliminary law training at Indiana University, and his LLD degree from Cumberland University in Nashville, Tenn. It was here that he passed his bar examination and began practice. He has practiced law in Lafayette for the past 12 years.
Drever Announces Pledge Committee J. R. Drever, president of Skull and Crescent, last night announced the pledge committee which is to be in charge of selecting next year’s candidates for the club. Those men on the committee are; M. A, Kellar, D. T. Fisher, D. H. Gridley, and P. T. Cooper, chairman. Tickets now available for the Sophomore Cotillion will be removed from general sale Sunday night. Those tickets remaining after that date may be secured through members of the dance committee only. Silver Mask... . . . honorary fencing fraternity, at a recent meeting, elected the following officers—Bob Matthews, president; Carl Hoffman, vice-president; and Scott McWilliams, secretarytreasurer.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Unsettled and warmer Saturday with probable light rains in the central and north portions. More or less cloudy Sunday with moderate temperatures. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 33; low, 24; mean, 28.6.
No Hard/Fast Rules For Teaching^ Says Prof. Estey
“If the instructor is intensely interested in his subject, it naturally follows that students will be, too,” commented Dr. J. A. Estey when quizzed about “teaching methods.” Dr. Estey, who heads the history, economics, and government department, says he is not a “bear on method.” “If I were required to teach a course in how to teach,” he laughed, “I’d be completely lost. I don’t think there are any hard and fast rules.” Loves University Life Dr. Estey, a rather short, wiry man with iron-gray hair, twinkling blue eyes, a few wrinkles as a result of his dry humor, and a deliberate, striding gait which belies his' stature, professes a great love of university life and atmosphere. “I’m situated so I can study what I like. I like economics. I’m interested in economics, and I’m awfully pleased to have someone pay me for teaching it. “I always try to give the students as much as I can in the time allowed. Of course when I first started teaching I found it difficult to take up the entire period. Now I never have enough time in a whole semester to
tell the students all I want. So you can see there’s little chance to get off the subject ... I can’t restrict output.” He smiled as he introduced the economics term. Reaction Unpredictable Dr. Estey says it’s extremely difficult, if not impossible, to predict student reaction to what is being presented. “Occasionally I have spent hours in preparation for a class, only to discover shortly after entering the classroom that the students were entirely apathetic, and I could do nothing to arouse them. Other days, with hardly any preparation, I have been able to keep students awake and very much -interested in what is going on. “I can’t explain it. Some psychological and entirely unpredictable change comes over students at times and nothing can be done about it. “I’ve tried wit. I’ve tried my humor which passes sometimes for wit, and even that fails to bring them to life.” Doesn’t Believe In Jokes Dr. Estey, however, does not believe in the promiscuous use of jokes and tall stories to keep students intei’ested . . . says he doesn’t believe
in “wasting time to popularize a course.” “I use only that humor which happens in connection with and is especially appropos to the subject at hand,” he stated. But his classes aren’t dull . . . ask anyone who has sat in one of them. His dry, subtle wit pricks keenly, sharply, but never cruelly. Although he believes there is the possibility that students learn more in small classes, he isn’t sure of it, and personally doesn’t object to lecturing to large groups if he can squeeze them into a medium-sized room where they can all be seen. Rhodes Scholar Dr. Estey studied Gi'eek and Latin at Acadia University in Nova Scotia
Recognition Of Good Teaching*** . . . will find a regular place in Exponent’s columns with today’s inauguration of a series of articles on good teachers and good teaching mel^hods.
and as a Rhodes scholar, studied history at Oxford University. He I’eturned to America as a Wisconsin instructor where he picked up his liking for and obtained a doctor’s degree in economics. When this liking developed into a love, he came to Purdue as an econ professor. Dr. Estey is interested in many things ... is “nuts” about none. Poo-poos hobbies . . . doesn’t claim to be a gardener, cellar carpenter, or stamp collector . . . but enjoys reading, as any “civilized human would” . . . enjoys any kind of rhythmic music, but not ecstatic about “swing,” although he likes to hear a “good” dance band ... is a nifty piano player. Enjoys Watching Sports Enjoys watching any kind of sport or game . . . even wrestling . . . used to play hockey, tennis, and squash with much vigor until his “bones became creaky” . . . supposes he must take up golf now but isn’t overjoyed at the prospect . . . gets a kick out of chess and parcheesi, but frowns on other games which require mental effort, such as bridge . . . likes movies . . . the “good” ones.
Niles Will Present Folk Song Concert For University Club Members of the University Club will hear John Jacob Niles, of Louisville, Ky., singer of American folk music, in a concert before the club in the Memorial Union Building at 8 p. m., Tuesday, March 8. With the exception of the time he spent while serving as an aviator overseas during the World War Niles has made a special study of folk music throughout his life. He has appeared throughout the nation in folk song recitals since he was 15 years old. Niles uses a dulcimer, patterned after the traditional mountain instrument which has been used for several hundred years by mountain folk. Mountain Love Songs His ‘program will include love songs from the eastern mountains of the United States, English ballads, carols, nursery rhymes, work songs, and spirituals from the far South. In addition to his studies in the field of folk music, and his singing of songs, Niles is a composer, and he will present several of his own numbers. Notices of this special concert are'being sent to all University Club members in good standing. University Dads, Sons To Banquet With President E. C. Elliott as the principal speaker and Paul F. Royster, president of the Purdue Dads’ Association, as toastmaster, the first annual Father-Son banquet will be held in the Union ballroom at 6:30 p. m. on Tuesday. In response to numerous requests, the banquet has been thrown open to all faculty and staff members and any other people who are interested and would like to adopt a Urn from the student body for the evening. YWCA Invites Co-eds To Tea, 'Bull-Session' YWCA members are planning an informal tea for next Thtursday afternoon at four o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. They invite all co-eds to come directly from classes to this second semester get-together, “bull-session” tea. Printed programs of the second semester’s activities will be distributed, and refreshments will be served. Helen Conver, Sara Alice McIntosh, and Marga Mary Glunt, cabinet officers, are in charge. Seniors To Win $135 in Library Contest To the seniors having the best collection of books which meet certain requirements, William H. Winterrowd, ME ’07, is offering prizes of $100 and $35, which will be awarded this spring. Each contestant must submit his list by Tuesday. Chairman of the faculty committee, Professor H. L. Creek of the English department, will receive all submitted lists. The committee will select the winner by visiting the owner, inspecting his collection, and conversing with him about it. Size or cost of collection will not be considered as much as the owner’s familiarity with it, and its relationship to his personal and professional interests. Announcement of the final decision will be made at the annual literary banquet early this spring, and the winning collections will be exhibited in the University Library.‘^f'^ ’ > iC ' '
^dit&tmL
THE PURDI]E EXPONENT
diurntyv
Saturday, February 26, 1938
rt')
EXPONENT PLATFORM 1. Improve student housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods. Purdue Sous... ... will have a chance to show their fathers a wellearned good time, as well as a glimpse of University life Tuesday at the first annual Father-Son banquet, which is being sponsored by the Purdue Dads’ Association. The dinner has been planned to create a better understanding between fathers of Purdue students. P. F. Royster, president of the association, who will . act as toastmaster, has arranged a fine program for the dads. President E. C. Elliott will deliver the principal address. The fencing team will give an exhibition and the men’s chorus will render several selections to complete the progr’am. Although invitations have been sent only to fathers residing in Tippecanoe and the surrounding counties, the banquet is open to all fathers of Purdue students and to the members of the faculty who care to adopt a son from the student body for the evening. Any attempt to develop a closer relationship between father and son, father and father, and student and student is a worthwhile enterprise. The FatherSon banquet is no exception. Write your father and ask him to the dinner; he will appreciate your thoughtfulness. —D. A. B.
Profit Sharing...
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER ^sociatrd goUggiatr (Sillc^f Bluest MAMSON WISCONSIN Entered aa second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authoriied Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.60. REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advert jp.'Rg SsrviceJejc, College Publishers Peprescnlative 420 Mapison Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICAGO - Boston • Los Angeles •; San Fhancisco
Editor-In-Chief R. P. Manion
Business Manager D. C. Miller
... is an uncommon arrangement at Purdue. Yet, the Cary Residence Halls for men will soon put such a plan in operation. Cary Hall Northwest, the smaller of the two residence additions under construction, will include a sweet shop and grillroom. Fifty percent of all the profits of this grillroom will go to the Cary Club treasury to aid in financing dances and parties. The present profit on the supply concessions in both Cary Halls is about $1,200 per year, coming mostly from the sale of cigarettes and candy. One can guess at the profit of a completely equipped grill! Certainly such a plan is a better arrangement than having food vendors call. Nightly some restaurant proprietor sends his salesman through the Halls with all kinds of sandwiches and light drinks.
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor — — — J. E. Brock Associate EMitom — _^..D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager— —J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager... _W. J. GiUilan Local Advertising Manager. R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager ;M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor...... Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor : ....R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors -J. S. Brown, R, L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
'This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AU opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offeial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Issue Editor—Insley Night Editor—Stanback Saturday, February 26, 1938
With the new grill, students desiring to get into “bull sessions” and eat a snack can do so without disturbing their more studious fellows. Outside solicitors will lose their profits to Gary Hall, and, because of the profit-feharing, to Cary Club. , Profit-sharing at the Halls may start a general movement in that direction throughout the campus. Its progress will be interesting to watch. —G. A. T., Jr.
Letters to the Editor
Personnel Notes
Campbell Dinsmore, district man-
Love Has Its Place— But Not In Music Room Dear Editor: Is there any place on this campus that is blessed by'the absence of love-sick couples and victrola-type conversa|jonalists ? At the present time an extra-curricular course is being offered on “Marriage.” Courses of a similar nature on “When and Where to Act Love-sick” and “When to Keep Quiet” would be of value to the aforementioned classes of students. Very seldom can one listen to the symphonies and operas in the music room without having to eliminate the disturbing and irritating jabber of bull-sessionists and. low drone of the swain and maid feeding each other their favorite “lines.” May I remind the members of the two groups that, for the former, there is the men’s lounge and, for the latter, the main lounge and Sweetshop. Why not give the music-loving students a chance to enjoy themselves? Charles E. Dobrowolsky, For. ’38.
ager, Proctor and Gamble Distributing Company, Cincinnati, 0., or one of his staff, plans to visit Purdue sometime during the first week of March. Dinsmore would like at that time to interview senior science students majoring in business administration who are interested in sales, work. Each year this company employs a small number of college graduates to prepare them for sales managerial responsibilities. The beginning monthly salary is $125. Seniors interested should sign up in Dean Ender’s office.
DANCE PROGRAMS AND FRATERNITY BULLETINS CALL 7828 Lafayette Printing Company
-LAST DAY—
(or
witk Frank MORGAN Robert YOUNG • Mary ASTOR • Edna May OLIVER • Florence RICE • Reginald OWEN ifg] Henry Hull • Hennan Bing
Tense, Timely Dramaj
—STARTS TOMORROW— WALTER HUSTON JAMES STEWART in “OP HUMAN HEARTS”
Interrolleglate Rail Tourney Will Open In Hard Tills Year Intercollegiate billiards tournaments will be played as follows this year; pocket billiards, March 10; three cushions, March 17; and the straight rail billiards March 24. . Entries will close one week in advance in each instance. This is the eighth annual competition and this year more universities will be entered than ever before.
ARC
SUNDAY — MONDAY
Unimsal presents
DEANNA DURBIN
with BINNIE BARNES ALICE BRADV ' RAY MILL AND —and—
—Also— “POP EYE” CARTOON —LAST TIMES TODAYLEE TRACY in “Behind the Headlines” — and — BOB STEELE In “CAVALRY” — also — “DICK TRACY” SERIAL — Plus — *^Mickey Mouse” Cartoon
WARNING To Jane. Ourand: We just heard that the boys are wise to your “sick aunt in Logansport” excuse which you’ve used so often of late in breaking dates. We wouldn’t advise your employing it again soon, that is, if you expect anyone to believe it. Your friend, THE ED. In case you didn’t know ,. . they’s nothin’ we hate worse’n a date breaker.
Little “Oggie” Ogden, SAE pledge is all a-twitter since his “Little Norma” has agreed to come up for a dance. Sample of “Oggie’s” conversation of late: “Oooooh I’m so thwilled. Itsy bitsy Normie is gonna be upsie wupsie herie withums me.” Stan “Swede” Thursby, he-man footballer, has a girl friend back home but he can’t shake Peggy McBride who passes up all other heman footballers to sit beside Stan in class. The footballers, somewhat irked, wrote Stan a note chiding him about his local love life, and received a note in return mail from Peggy which read: Dear Boys: Stan and I understand each other beantifully, and we still think the girl at home is “tops” , . . don’t we Thursby ? If you fellows are jealous Pd l#ve to sit next to you . . . if you’d have me. Peggy. Fredrich Johann Wolfgang Strasmann, German exchange student at the Sigma Nu house, has been pestering the boys with German propaganda. The Sigma Nus have derived a bit of satisfaction in return by seeing him plastered on too much local brew shortly after Johann had loudly declared German suds to be much stronger. Come on there’s still time for those MARS double passes.
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30
GREATPp as its lovable star! Add this tender drama of thrills and heart-throbs to the honor roll of films you wont to see twice!
EXTRA!! Charlie “Wooden Head” McCarthy in ^ DOUBLE TALK
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
LEE TRACY IN CRASHING HOLLYWOOD plus THEY WON’T FORGET with CLAUDE RAINS also MARCH OP TIME
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“I said ‘low b.ridge’ very distinctly, Lady 1 And now my duty is done!”
passing on the campus would become almost a woman’s speaking ground because time hardly allows a boy to wait for a girl to speak. And if a boy does speak to you, you must speak in return even if you are a bit vague about whether you know him. Incidentally one of the best measurements of poise is how quickly a person can respond when spoken to by someone whom he doesn’t recognize. Practice quick and genuine sounding responses.
By Sally McKee The girl speaks first. Yes, this is her obligation, and she must fulfill it. But this doesn’t mean that a boy can’t greet a girl before she speaks to him if be knows hex’ well enough. It would be ridiculous if all boys waited their turn but to completion;
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
M Jt-nfl Today ONLY
—Stage Shows at— 1:30, 3:45, 6:05, 8:42 Late Show at 10:3r
Here is the most expensive f show to play Lafayette . . . (50 I artists in the company!)—and ; * at such LOW PRICES, none can afford to miss the treat! Count Berni Vici presents FRENCH FOLIES of 1938”
—PRICES— Main Floor ,..40c Balcony ....30c Children 15c —ON THE SCREEN— Lew Ayres in “SCANDAL STREET”
STARTING TOMORROW ROBERT TAYLOR LIONEL BARRYMORE MAUREEN O’SULLIVAN in “A YANK AT OXFORD”Saturday. February 26. 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Purdue Track Team Will Encounter Northwestern Today
Boilermakers Battle Maroons Here Monday In Last Home Basketball Contest Of Season
Chicago University’s rejuvenated Maroons will face the Boilermaker netmen Monday night at 7:30 o’clock in the Fieldhouse in the final home game of the season. After dropping 33 consecutive Big Ten contests, the Maroons surprised everyone by beating Iowa, in what everyone termed an upset, but with the last.victory over Illinois, the upset element seems weaker. Steadily Improve On looking back over the Chicago record this year, we find that the team has played consistent basketball, and has been steadily improving throughout late games. The Ohio State game, just before the upset over Iowa was a hard-fought contest throughout, and it was only in the last minute that the Buckeyes managed to salvage the game.
Ohio Slate Conquers Freshman Swim Squad In Telegraphic Meet
The Maroons may have been in the cellar for a long time, but with the upsets that have been haunting the Big Ten games this season, the least expected team may pull the surprise, and Purdue will have to take this game as more than just a breather. Attack Clicks However, the Boilermaker attack has been clicking in late games and if the basket eyes stay sharp, Chicago will have to show more than they have in the past to stop the pennant-bound Purdue team. Freshman Coach “Dutch” Fehring will put his yearling netmen on exhibition for the second time this year when they play a preliminary to the main contest. The frosh net game will get under way at 6 p. m.
Ohio State defeated Purdue on Thursday in a freshman telegraphic swimming meet, 45-30. The Boilermaker tankmen showed up better than expected when th^y won two of the eight events. Tuxworth won the 50 yard free style, and Krick edged out Ohio State in the 220 yard free style race. Other point winners for Purdue were Siler, Mauck, McMillen, Ogden and Bunting. Although the freshman team has lost three meets in the past week, Coach LaBree has discovered several good freshmen whom he hopes will bolster up next year’s varsity swimming team.
Drum Head Given
To Athletic Dept.
Thursday night, Robert C. Woodworth, acting athletic director, accepted as a trophy for the athletic department the old, cracked head of Purdue’s big bass drum. The trophy was presented at the annual dinner of the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce through John Jamison, chairman of the organization’s Purdue relation’s committee.
High Sch®®l Scores— Lebanon 42, Jefferson 34. West Side 28, Attica 27. Oxford 40, Monticello 16. Delphi 32, Winamac 13.
Professor P. S. Emrick, band director, presented the old drum head to Herbert H, Horner, presidentelect of the Chamber of Commerce, when a new drum head was recently purchased.
ATTENTION STUDENTS Going home this week-end?
We are equipped to give you more miles and more comfort at less cost.
New Streamlined Buses With Special Excursion Rates
to
Chicago—Indianapolis—Gary Valparaiso and all intermediate points
For information and rates Phone 4055
YANKEE COACH LINES, Inc.
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
10% DISCOUNT On all laundry brought in and called for at our West Lafayette office. Of if you wish pick up and delivery service
Call 3085 for Laundry, Dry Cleaning, Shoe Repairing and Hat Cleaning.
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
Coach Phillips Sees Good Prospects Of
Taking Second Meet
Purdue’s lone home athletic presentation in the line of varsity sport for today will get under way this afternoon at 2:30 as the track squad races the Northwestern team m the Fieldhouse.
After opening the season last week ifi the triangular meet With Wisconsin and Chicago, the Boilermakers have worn off the rough edges always present at the first competition of the year, and this meet will find them more experienced and aware of their capabilities.
Win Probable
When approached on the question of Purdue’s chances of winning, Coach Phillips stated, “I think we have very good prospects of taking the meet.”
BOWLING —Today— 1 p. m.—Phi Kappa Tau. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Sigma Nu. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 2 p. m.—Theta Chi. Theta Tau. ^ Triangle, , Kappa Sigma. 3 p. m.—Lambda Chi Alpha. Phi Delta Theta. Phi Kappa Psi. Phi Pi Phi. 4 p. m.—Alpha Gamma Rho. Alpha Tau Omega. Beta Sigma Psi. Delta Upsilon. All games will be bowled in the Lafayette Bowling Alleys on 6th Street in the block north of Main Street.
Admission may be obtained by means of the presentation of student ticket books or season athletic passes. The general admission charge is 25 cents. Change Set-Up
Frifernity Bowling
Teams To Compete
The North basketball stands have not been removed as they were in the meet last week because of the game here Monday night. Instead, some of the races have been planned so that they will finish up on the ends of the oval and will be visible to the spectators.
Today’s intramural sports program finds fraternity bowling making its entrance, with the first team bowling at 1 o’clock today on the Lafayette alleys.
Additional stands are being erected in the East end of the track for the convenience of those present.
Wresfiers To Meet
Northwestern Today
At three o’clock this afternoon, the Gold and Black wrestling squad will tie up with the bone-crushers from Northwestern at the Fieldhouse. This will be their last meet of the season with the exception of the Big Ten wrestling tournament to be held at Northwestern on March 11 and 12.
The teams will be composed of three men and each will bowl three series of three games each, a total of nine games in all. Today each of the teams will roll their first series of three games, while the other two series vdll be bowled later. Standings will be determined by the total number of pins, "with the top four teams meeting in the final rounds. Teams will bowl Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday from 4 to 5 o’clock. Besides the team trophy, a trophy will be awarded the individual high man for the nine games, and medals will be given to the members of the winning team.
Greek Squash Rackets Tourney Starts Monday
Coach Reeck will fill Purdue’s bill with Dawson, 118 pounds; Berkheiser, 126 pounds; Timms, 135 pounds; Huffman, 145 pounds; Lederer, 155 pounds; Gossard, 165 pounds; Willey, 175 pounds; and Tiyelle in the heavyweight division.
With Dawson back in the lineup after being unable to wrestle in the Chicago meet, the team will be considerably strengthened. Huffman is also in shape after a short illness.
Fraternity squash will begin Monday, when the first matches will be played at 4 o’clock in the town courts at Eighth and Main streets. The best man from each fraternity will play in the class “A” tournament, with the second best man competing in the class “B” tourney. Each fraternity that enters men in each of the classes will be awarded 25 points in the participation race. Trophies will be given to the vanning fraternity in each division, and medals will be awarded the winners in each class.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fime Jewelry at Moderate Prices
THIS V\/EEK ONLY
This large ^ lb. jar.;; before and after sale $3.85
Every woman knows this wonderful Tissue Cream — now is your chance to save during this Sale.
FRANCES DENNEY
{jrea^
LO EB & H E NE COAAPANV
Frosh Track Squad Wins Six Of Ten Events; Down Notre Dame 4014 To 49'/2
Purdue University’s freshman track team defeated the Notre Dame freshmen, 49% to 40%, in a tele^aphic meet run during the week which ended Feb. 12.
Final tabulation of results made available yesterday show that the Purdue youngsters captured six first places out of 10 events. — . .
Frosh Star Holderman, Purdue middle distance runner, was high point man with two firsts in the half mile and mile. He romped the 880 yard run in 2:02 minutes and the mile m 4:31.2 minutes.
Fencing Team Seeks Win Over Notre Dame
other firsts won by Pm due freshmen were: Resnick, in the 60 yard dash; Rankin in the 60 yard high hurdles; Hibbs in the pole vault; and Weber in the shot put. Noteworthy Win It was one of the few victoiies Purdue freshmen have ever gained over Notre Dame in a telegraphic meet. Homer Allen coaches the freshmen under the supervision of Harmon Phillips, varsity mentor.
Sigma Pi Team Leads Field In
Net Tournament
With the final games of the Class “A” fi'aternity basketball tournament approaching, the Sigma Pi netmen seem headed for their second consecutive championship.
In the final game of the winners’ bracket, played Wednesday night at the intramural gym, Sigma Pi ran over Sigma Alpha Epsilon, 31 to 19. The defeat threw the SAE’s into the losers’ bracket.
Sigma Chi, which nosed out the Phi Delta Theta team, 35 to 33, last night, will meet Alpha Gamma Rho at 4 o’clock Monday in the semifinal game of the losers’ bracket. The SAE netmen will face the winner of this game Tuesday, with the victor in this final contest in the losers’ bracket playing Sigma Pj for the championship.
Seeking to repeat the victory over Notre Dame which it won on the day of the Fieldhouse dedication, the Boilermaker fencing team will journey to South Bend today. The Purdue squad won the first match by the close margin of 15-12. In the dedication day match, the Notre Dame sabre men defeated the Boilermakers, 7-2. The Purdue team then retaliated with a 7-2 victory m the epee division. Matching this Notre Dame strength in the sabre against Purdue’s evident power in the epee, the match will probably again be decided by the foils contests. Nine Man Team Against Notre Dame, Illinois, and Chicago the Boilermakers have used a nine-man team, three men fighting in each division. Most mid-west-ern schools employ a seven-man squad, fighting three men in the foils group and two in the other divisions. The larger squad is used almost exclusively in Eastern fencing. In today’s meet. Coach Finney will rely upon Meier, Levin, and Matthews in the epee; Resmolds, McWilliams, and Huffman with the foils; and Stepath, Seaborg, and one other man in the sabre matches.
Squash Team To Play mini Squad In Return Meet
At the present time, the Sig Pi team is undefeated, and since a team must lose two games before being eliminated, the winner of the losers’ bracket must administer two defeats if it is to capture the crown.
Varsity Tankmen Leave To Swim In AAU Tourney At Indianapolis Today
Eight men on the varsity swimming squad will entrain today for Indianapolis as Purdue competes for the first time in the Indiana-Ken-tucky AAU championships held in the Indianapolis Athletic Club swimming pool. Coach LaBree will enter men in the 150 yard junior medley, 200 yard relay, 100 yard breast stroke, and the 100 yard back stroke. Graham of Purdue, will swim against Custer, the lAC 500 yard free style champion, in an exhibition 500 yard race. Co-ed Barbara Cook, former national junior diving champion, will be entered in the lowboard diving event.
Coach Clevett will lead an invasion of the Illinois campus today as he takes his squashmen to Champaign for a return meet with the mini racqueteers. In their previous meeting this year the Purdue men won easily 5-0, and Clevett indicated last night that he was confident of finishing up the duo of games with another win. Although Illinois has six courts, they are not regulation in that they are too low, so that the Boilermakers will have to try a new type of attack. They will play a low smashing game to overcome the handicap. The reason that the Illini squash team is weak, is that the sport does not rate a varsity team there, as it does here. However, there is a movement afoot at Illinois to give the team a varsity rating and give letters at the end of. the year. This will probably change the entire picture and cause more interest in the competition at that school so that it can start turning out strong representatives of that sport.
Ripon Def edits Co-^d Varsity Rifiery Team
Next week-end, the swimming team will be kept busy as they meet DePauw on Friday and Indiana on Saturday.
Members of the co-ed varsity riflery team were defeated recently in an inter-collegiate telegraphic meet with Ripon College of Ripon, Wis., 496 to 345.
Gleason’s PIES 5c Just enough to fill that gap between meals.
DAD’S PLACE — Strtiandy
Special at DEWENTER’S
416 MAIN STREET $2.00 Fancy Stiff Bosom Shirts-Now $1.003bocaL OdA,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^niicoA.
Saturday, February 26, 1938
Tomorrow In The Churches
West Lafayette Baptist 9:30—Sunday school class taught by Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason. 10:35—Rev. Gleason will preach on “Inspiration of Common Everyday Experiences." Special music by the choir. 5:30—Roger Williams Club social hour will be entertained by Di*. Carroll’s colored choir group. 6:00—Ten cent lunch. 6:30—Dr. Joseph C. Carroll, pastor of the Second Baptist Church, Lafayette, will address the discussion group 071 “Life Experiences.” 7:30—Rev. Gleason will preach on “Jesus and His Enemies.”
versify speech department, read Victor Wolf son’s play, cursion.”
will “Ex-
St. John’s Church 10:45^—Morning pi-ayer
and ser-
mon topic: “An Experimental
Faith.”
6:00—Young Peoples’ Fellowship
supper.
7:00—^Miss Mai'guerite Ward will talk on “A Freighter to Europe.”
Wesley Foundation 8:00—Freshman Commission breakfast. 9:30—Sunday school. Co-ed class at the Foundation, “Women of the Bible.” Men’s class at the West Lafayette Methodist church, “Christian Ideals and the menace of War,’? menace of War. 10:40—Morning Worship, “The Care| of God”—Dr. Steele. 5:00—Fellowship supper, get-ac-quainted games. 6:30—Report of the Miami conference by Lari’y Thie and Woody Rifenburgh.
Holy Trinity Lutheran 9:30—Sunday school. 10:30—Morning worship. 5:30^—Luther League.
Christian Foundation 9:30—Student class, Prof. Fi'ank King will speak. 10:30 — Morning Worship, Rev. Doyle Mullen will speak on the subject, “What Can We Do About Our Difficulties ?” 5:00—Student vespers, in the main auditorium of the Christian Church. 5:30—Young peoples’ discussion group, debate, “Resolved: That Fraternities and Sororities Are an Asset to the Campus.” 6:30—Social hour and lunch. 7:30—Evening worship.
Pyrdue-Chicago Game Ticket's Sfili Available Three or four hundred tickets are still available for the University’s final hoine basketball game of the season with Chicago University Monday night, announced Ticket Manager C. S. Doan last night after the close of the ticket office. Tickets may be obtained at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse today from 8 to 12 noon, and if any tickets remain, the sale will continue through Monday from 8 to 4:30 p. in.
Central Presbyterian 9:30—Sunday school discussion group led by Dr. Graves, of the Univei'sity mathematics department. 10:45—Morning worship, sermon theine: “Putting; Caesar Before God.” Music by Choir, A. P. Ste-wa7-t. University Glee Club director. Dr. W. R. Graham, pastor. 5:00—Recreationalliour, ping-pong, badminton, shuffle board, etc. 6:00—Supper, price 15 cents per plate. 6:45—Ken Carmichael, of the U77i-
Lieut. E. K. Hbdes Tells Of Coast Guard JLcaclemy
Lieutenant E. K. Rhodes of the .U. S. Coast Guard Sei'vice spoke to a group of Purdue students interested in attending the U. S. Coast Guard Academy yesterday afternoon, in Eliza Fowler Hall. Lientenant Rhodes gave personal interviews to those boys interested in entering this type of work. His talk was illustrated by proving pictures showing the nature of the work done at the Academy.
• Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
—- Bookstores —
“DEAC”
Everything for a College Education
H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
OB. PAUL A. BISK DB. HAROLD J. RISK OB. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119^2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
— Jewelry —
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER
This is all we do, but we do it well.
Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
Florist
Doraer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowerg Main at 7th Phone 6050
Printing
□
P
iRINTING
SUDbEN
SERVICE _
^Office SlatlonUY . Weddinj Invitations
PHONE - Sales Books, Etc. 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRy
— Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop
VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Locksmith
‘C” CARTER
Keys — Locks — General Repairing Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.C.N. and Norton Door Checks
Open Evenings , Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Tailor
SUITS Made to Order $24 —$40 . H. BEHRENS
126 N. 6th St.
Intramural Basketball Results—
Cary Hall North 2, 34; Cary Hall Ward 7A 15, Ward 13, 2. Ward 2A 26, Ward 9, 17. ATO 30, Phi Kappa Sigma 13. Ward lOX 29, Ward 6, 22. Delta Tau Delta 39, Phi Kappa Tau 22.
Saturday, March 12, 1 p. m., in Education Building, room 201. —CREEK.
Chinese Students’ Glub: Regular meeting will be held in room A of the Union Building, Saturday, February 2G, at 1 p. m. —SOO-HOO.
Freshmen: Ail freshmen interested in working on the Green Potters dance committee meet in room D of the Union Building Monday, February 28, at 4 p. m. —GIBSON, TODD.
Co-eds Invited To Attend
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and rnimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Conditions in Mathematics: Examinations for the removal of conditions in mathematics will be held Saturday, March 19 at I p. rti. in the Recitation Building. Stpdents who wish to take this examination must report to the instructor who gave the condition before March 1. , —MARSHALL.
Glider Club: Work session in the Mechanical Engineering Building, Saturday, February, 26, at 9 a. m. and 1 p. m. —MOORE.
F-4 Military Basketball: Court 2 has been reserved for Tuesday, March 1 at 4 p. m. Elect two corcaptains before next game. —LOWNIE.
Virginia Meredith Meeting
“Madame Curie,” a biography of the famous chemist written by Eve Curie, her daughter, will be the subject of a book review by Mrs, G. C. Brandenburg at the meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith Club Tuesday in the women’s lounge of the Union Building. The club, which is an organization of home economics students, invites co-eds to attend this meeting, according to Nina Dewitt, president of the club.
WANTED—Garage in the vicinity at Cary Hall. Call Blessing, 4097.
NYA: NYA checks for the period ending February 9 are now available at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. 2-26 —HOLLENSBE.
Scrivener Publication Staff: Meeting Sunday, February 27, at 2:30 p. m. in Scrivener office in the Union Building. Bring all suitable manuscripts. —BROCK.
WAA Basketball: Practice for all girls planning to attend the basketball sports day in Chicago March 6, at 1:80 p. m. Saturday, February 26. in the women’s B-vm-
Notices
No Noiices Accepted After 8 p.m.
February 26, in .the women’s gym.
—BRADY.
ASME: AH members interested in presenting a paper at the student meeting Wednesday, March 9, call W. B. Wolverton, 71332. —CLUTTER.
‘Of Thee I Sing’ Show Girls: It is important that the following chonw of show girls report to the Student Union office at 1 p. m. Saturday, February -26: Caroline Shaw, Jean Jones, Marjorie Blocker, Treva Berry, Alice Martens, Valerie Armstrong. —WOOD.
CE 6 Students: Students interested in a Summer School course in Surveying 6 should see me in room 102 of the Civil Engineering Building before March 1, —LOMMEL.
Radio/Club: Meet Tuesday, March 1 in room C of the Union. Code practice starts at 7 p. m.: regular meeting at 7:30. —LIPPMAN.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in the Ehigineer office in the Union Building, Tuesday, March 1, at 7:30 p. m. —WINTER.
English Condition Examinations: In all courses of English and Speech will be held
Junior Girls: Important meeting in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union on Monday, February 28 at 4 p. m. —SLOCUM.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
WB A A Programs
—Today— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:15—Don’t Listen. 11:30—-High School Guest Program. 12:00—^Tune Time—Charles Powell. 12:15—Footnotes on the Headlines. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—-Market Reports. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—Camera Club of the Air. 1:45—Buddy Curran, popular songs. 2:00—Campus Cai’avan. 2:15—Melody Moments. 2:30—Stamp Club of the Air. 2:45—Mai’y Louise Switzer— pianist. 3:00—Campus Varieties.
Fun That Money Can’t Buy—
At the parties you attend during your school career—
But watch your personal appearance. To be sure—have youD clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly.
CLEAN E ns © F F I N E C L O T H E S WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
ONWAED LAMBERTMEN
You’re coming in the home stretch—and you’re in full stride. The Peter Anderson Co. wishes you con-
tinued success throughout the season.
Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048
24 Hour Service
525 Alabama Street
They’re Bitin’!” Mr. Advertiser, J ' I if you catch them unawares.
Use An Exponent Ad as Bait
Bl