I f
©he Purilue TSxpanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVHI
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1937
KUMBEKSa
Potter, Bray Address ChiE.
Sophomores
Mediocre Students Are
Warned Against Continuing Ch.E. Course
At a meeting of all chemical engineering sophomores yesterday afternoon in the Chemistry Building, Dean A. A. Potter and Prof. J. L. Bray warned students against continuing the course with mediocre grades in chemistry, mathematics, and physics. Dean Potter told the audience to “choose a career in which you are interested—from which you can derive satisfaction.” He also stated that the A. S. Ch. E., in an attempt to raise the status of the engineer, had investigated unemployment, finding that practically all of the unemployed engineers had made low grades in college. Peculiar Ability Professor Bray also urged the students to reconsider their pourse of study, adding that it takes a peculiar ability to master chemistry even though this ability is not necessarily better than any other ability. His main point was that it is no disgrace to admit a lack of chemical ability, if the other abilities are developed in their proper schools, but to continue chemical engineering when not suited for the course will ultimately end in failure.
EXAM SCHEDULES
Final examination schedules will be found on page 4 of this issue.
30
ff
By Hugh Morris
January 23, 1937 NOT long ago, twenty persons were engaged in a political discussion at the statehouse in Indianapolis. One of them glanced upward and exclaimed, “Look! That American flag has 50 stars!” The other nineteen persons also counted the stars and the result was the same . . . the flag was replaced last Tuesday. —30—
DARN it! Girls who attended Wheaton College 100 years ago were required to report in Chapel on their mending and darning. Evidently this is the origin of that famous query, “Sew What?” ■—-30
KAPPA Sigs at Rutgers recently obtained a Liberty League membership for their stuffed moose head reposing over the mantle. The animal, which was recorded on the League’s roll as “Samuel Moose, Esq.,” periodically received letters pointing out the iniquities of the New Deal . . . —30—
Kettle Loses Cords; Queries ChiO Co-eds
FROM the University of Peimsylvania comes word that the names of two girls appeared on the list of those accepted for fraternity rushing. The credit for this novel innovation goes to Phi Kappa Psi, in whose list the names appeared quite by accident, according to the' rush chairman. The Phi Psis, however, have decided to make the best of the situation, “even if we have to build an annex,” they say . . . —30—' ACCORDING to Dr. Frederick Hoffman, statistician of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, twenty thousand persons in the United States kill themselves each year! He also states that the rate has been rising steadily since 1925. —30—• ATTRIBUTING the consistent outbreak of Monday colds to weekend osculatory (kissing to you) activity,^ Dr. Adolph Roth, bacteriologist of Washington State College says, “Almost always there is an increase of colds and influenza cases on Monday mornings, indicating that students do not make use of the hygienic knowledge available to them.”
A fine kettle of fish! Jim Kettle, senior mechanical and president,of the Inter-Fraternitly President’s Council thought' his cords were at the cleaners until a feminine voice over the ’phone informed him that the trousers were at the Chi Omega sorority house. Co-eds at the Chi Omega house deny having seen the Kettle corduroys ; neither have the dry cleaners. So Jim wants information leading to the recovery of the missing trousers. Exponent classified ads bring results, Jim . . .
Symphonic Band Names Three As
Chief Musicians
Proficiency in their work in the Military Symphonic Band has earned the rank of Chief Musician for D. C. Parsons, G. E. McCullough and C. A. Reichelderfer. This honor will be conferred for the second semester, and is the result of their outstanding work in the Symphonic Band. The rank of Superior Musician was awarded to C. G. Bigelow, P. E. Flebbe, F. B. Wilson, F. C. Baase, and J. M. Evans. Principal Musicians Principal Musicians are to be O. W. Miller, W. H. Deitch, R. C. Hill, W. H. Smith, R. C. Ulm, H. N. McIntyre, and H. Strang. In addition, the honorary rank of Musician was given to C. M. Jorgeson, R. N. Housekeeper, M. W. Mahns, J. C. Ballard, R. A. Peterson, R. R. Dorsey, C. J. Camp, R. B. Newhouse, and J. T. Agnew.
Bob H^ine, Pharmacy Sophomore, Burned By Acid In Laboratory
Bob Heine, sophomore in the school of pharmacy, seriously burned his left hand with concentrated sulphuric acid while cleaning his laboratory equipment Thursday afternoon. The acid left a first degree burn which will probably prevent Heine from using his hand for several weeks.
FACULTY MEETING
The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, January 25, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. —EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
300,000 Left Homeless In Flood Areas;
Record High Water Takes 21 Lives
Memphis, Tenn., Jan. 22—Death; destruction, and intense suffering from cold was evidenced tonight as the Ohio river raced out of its banks all the way from Pennsylvania to
Arkansas.
Eleven states are affected by flood conditions and more than 300,000 persons are reported homeless. Although the number dead is not definitely known because of lack of communication with many cities and towns, 21 persons were known to be dead at 11:30 o’clock tonight.
Washington, D. C., Jan. 22—^Admiral C. T. Grayson, chairman of the American Red Cross, appealed to the nation tonight to raise a $2,000,000 fund for flood relief assistance in eleven states.
Jefferson, Mo., Jan. 22—Government officials were considering the possibility of opening flood gates here at 11 o’clock tonight to relieve pressure in the Ohio valley. If this is done 132,000 acres will be flooded with 10 feet of water.
Wheeling, W. Va., Jan. 22 — Wheeling’s population of 200,000 persons is threatened tonight as the Ohio river continues on its rampage of devastation. More than 10,000 persons in the state are affected by the flood waters and are left homeless.
Portsmouth, Ohio, Jan. 22—(By Short Wave Radio) — Early this evening the Ohio river poured over flood walls and levees covering the main street to a depth of 14 feet. More than 46 per cent of the city is inundated and the river stage stood at 64.7 feet. All highways, railroads, air-lines, telephone and telegraph communications are cut off. Radio station WPAY went off the atir yesterday at 6 p. m. while the technician moved all of the transmitter’s equipment to the second floor of the building. The station returned to the air tonight at 10 o’clock.
Washington, Jan. 22 — President Roosevelt tonight ordered all governmental agencies and departments to assist the Red Cross in flood relief work.
Cincinnati, Jan. 22—W. C. Devereaux, meteorologist, predicts that flood conditions will continue for seven more dasrs before the rampant Ohio returns to its normal course. The flood, he says, “is the greatest in the history of the turbulent Ohio.”
Annual Road School To
Meet Here Next Week
Pittsburgh, Jan. 22—The muddy, swirling waters of the Ohio river reached a stage of 32.8 feet here tonight at 11:30. The “Golden Triangle” is partly submerged. The sudden drop in temperature has brought a stop to the steady rise of the river, and to the rain which has poured relentlessly for the past 48 hours, changing it to snow.
Louisville, Jan. 22—^All electric power was shut off at 6 o’clock tonight as the steadily rising waters of the Ohio slowly pushed their way into the city. Street railway service, and passenger automobile traffic was practically at a standstill as flood waters cut off most of the arterial streets.
Frankfort, Ky., Jan. 22—The capital city of Kentucky tonight is in the grip of one of the worst floods in its history. More than 1,000 persons have evacuated their homes. An unconfirmed report from Uniontown, Ky., states that an entire family lost their lives when water closed in on their one story house, finally covering the roof and sweeping the family to death.
Jeffersonville, Ind., Jan. 22—The Ohio river stood in the business district here tonight, paralyzing all traflSc. Stop lights are barely visible, just showing above the surface.
Cincinnati, Jan. 22—^Rising to a height of 72.1 feet at 11:30 tonight, the rampant Oho River has caused damages estimated at $5,000,000. A heavy sleet storm has broken most communications.
Evansville, Jan. 22—^With temperatures dropping into the twenties late tonight, 15,000 refugees, wet and i^ld, are seeMng shelter in school buildings, private homes, and hospitals in an attempt to escape the devastating flood waters of the Ohio.
Cinciimati, Jan. 22—Fire department officials ordered all fires out tonight ias twp gajsoline storage tanks, one containing 135,000 gallons, and the other witl^ 60,000 gallons, were overturned by the flood waters
Paducah, Ky, Jan. 22—(By Short Wave Radio)—This city, suffering from the worst flood since 1884, is entirely cut off from the rest of the world tonight, with only radio as a means of establishing conununication. Lights are off and there is water enough to last only 3 days.
Health officials fear state-wide typhoid epidemic.
Contractors, Highway Officials To Discuss Construction, Maintenance; Gov. Townsend To Talk Highway officials, contractors, and others interested in the maintenance and construction work connected with Indiana’s 77,000 mile highway system will meet here at the University next week for the twenty-third annual road school. This convention which starts Monday afternoon and ends Friday, is ex-
pected to attract between 750
and 1,000 men. The road school is a joint project of the civil engineering school, the engineering extension department, the Indiana
State Highway Commission, and several other state organizations. Prof. Ben H. Petty, of the civil enginering school, with fellow committeemen, is in charge of the project. Governor To $peak One of the principal speakers ^irill be Governor M. Clifford Townsend, who will be here Thursday night as the speaker of the evening at a banquet, at which Pres. E. C. Elliott will preside as toastmaster. Willard Chevalier, president of the American Road-Builders Association will be another headline speaker of the evening. The program starts at 1:30 Monday afternoon with an address of welcome by Dr. W. K. Hatt, head of the school of civil engineering, and response by C. Dana Ward,
Indianapolis, president of the materials and equipment group. Others on Monday’s program will include J. V. Smythe, in charge of bridge design for the State Highway Commission, who will speak on “Progress In Grade Separation And Protection,” an important current highway problem. Assistant Dean W. A. Knapp will then speak on services which the University offers road men.
Smoker
Dean A. A. Potter will preside at a smoker Monday evening at which E. W. James, chief of the division of highway transport of the U. S. Bureau of Public Roads, Washington, will speak on the development of the new inter-American highway that connects North and South America. Mayors W. M. Teal of Lafayette and M. B. Morgan of West Lafayette will welcome the group at a program preceding James’ talk, and Purdue civil engineering students also have planned a program of entertainment.
Lafayette, Jan. 23—Monen officials this morning shipped two carloads of flood supplies to Louisville on train No. 3, which arrived here 25 minutes behind schedule.
Under Ttie Mirror
Book note! born the Browsins Xoian
TONIGHT AT 8:30 By Noel Coward This volume contains nine short and brilliant plays by Noel Coward which have been played to huge London audiences for more than a year. Recently they have come Jto America and are being enthusiastically received. There are three groups of these plays, and each group represents one night’s entertainment. Group 1 “We Were Dancing,” a comedy in two scenes. “The Astonished Heart,” a play in six scenes. “Red Peppers,” an interlude with music. Group 2 “Hands Across The Sea,” a light comedy in one scene. “Fumed Oak,” a comedy in two scenes. “Shadow Play,” a musical fantasy. Group 3 “Ways And Means,” a light comedy in three scenes. “Still Life," a play fai five ecenee. “Family Album,” a Victorian comedy with music.
Exponent lutings Show PaddOiing On Decline As Staff Makes Reports
Fraternities Gradually Abolish Physical Puiushment; Houses Divided in Four Classes
Paddling on this campus is slowly but definitely passing out of existence—^that is the situation as disclosed in the fraternity paddling ratings published this morning. Ckimpiled by members of the Exponent editorial staif, the ratings indicate that paddling merely Tor the fun of it’ is practic^y non-exist-
ent, and that almost all frat-
First National Pest Control Session Ends
Insect Exterminators End First Conclave
The privlate lives of Indiana’s most pernicious pests were given a thorough airing at the first insect exterminator’s conference held at the University, which Closed yesterday. Sixty-five fumigators and termite control operators attended the five day conclave held by the Entomology Department. Prof. H. O. Deay conducted a class on insect identification after which followed an open forum discussion of pest eradication. Rats, mice, and cockroaches received the special attention of the industry, while termites and ants came in for their share of attention. The final session was devoted to a lesson by George E. Gould of the Purdue staff on how to rear and maintain insects in cages for household and window display.
Did Boilermakers Take Chandeliers?
Blomington, Jan. 22—^The Graham Hotel today offered a $25 reward for information leading to the return of two large chandeliers that were jerked from the dining room ceiling. Authorities said it might be just a coincidence that the disappearance of the chandeliers, valued at $87.60 each, and the departure of a group of Purdue basketball fans following the Pmdue-Indiana game last Saturday, occurred at the same time.
ernities have taken steps to cut down on their use the
paddles.
The several Greek organizations are divided into four groups in tile ratings. Class A fraternities are those which do no paddling at any time, except perhaps for drunkenness. Class B contains those which have almost completely eliminated the practice. Class C, the largest of the four, is made up of those which have taken steps toward the eventual elimination of paddling, but which have not as yet seen fit to abolish it entirely. 'Class D fraternities are those which have not as yet made definite progress toward its elimination.
Co-ed Dancers Try Out For Orchesis Wednesday
Tryouts for Orchesis, co-ed interpretive dancing organization, will be held Wednesday evening, February 3, at 7 o’clock. Rhythmic skills and a short original dance in a small group are two of the requirements for membership. Previous dance training is not necessary but desirable. Seventen co-eds have already signed up for the tests.
Services Today For Chinese Girl
Memorial services will be held at 4:30 today in the West Lafayette Baptist Church for Miss Yuen Yu Chou, Chinese graduate student, who died last Saturday following a two weeks* illness. Reverend Gleason will conduct services in English and members of the Chinese Club will hold services in the Chinese language. Prof. H. M. Baldwin will represent the University and "Professor A. N Topping will represent the school of electrical engineering. The services are open to students and friends of Miss Yuen Yu Chou.
WORK SCHEDULE
The following men will serve as issue editors during final examinations: Mon., Jan. 25, Bailey; Wed., Jan. 27, Hardin; Mon,, Feb. 1, Stanback; and 'Tues., Feb. 2, Chapin. Freshmen work on nights when final exam schedules permit. —MORRIS.
PADDLING RATINGS Class A Alpha Kappa Lambda Alpha Gamma Rho American Commons Chib Sigma Chi Theta Xi Class E Acacia Beta Sigma Psi Phi Kappa Psi Pi Kappa Phi Sigma Phi Epsilon Tau Kappa Epsilon Class C Alpha Chi Rho Alpha Tau Omega Beta Theta Pi Delta Chi Delta Tan Ddtta Kappa Delta Rho Kappa Sigma Lambda Chi Alpha Phi Gamma Delta Phi Kappa Phi Kappa Sigma Phi Kappa Tan Phi Pi Phi Phi Sigma Kappa Pi Kappa Alpha Sigma Alpha Epsilon Sigma Alpha Mu Tau Epsilon Phi Theta Chi Theta Tau Triangle Chiss D Delta Upsilon Phi Delta Theta Sigma Nn Sigma Pi
Realizing that several featemities at present are considering the further elimination of paddling, the Exponent will hold the ratings open for revision at all times. Houses which believe their rating is too low may present their cases to the editor of the paper, with immediate revision resulting when the facts warrant. The making and publication of the above ratings is in line with the third point of the EzpMient platform, which caUs for the alKdition of paddling. ,
University Calendar
6:15 p.m.-^Alpha Sigma of Sigma Alpha, Initiation dinner. Peasant Room of Union Bnfidhigw 9:00 p.m.—^Dance, Mixer,Ballroom \ of Union BuUding.
Probably Snow
By Tempy Th« KKBWMmt Wflkwr Mame
I know now why the profeasoam call finals finals. It means the end and judging from the “finals" Fve taken in the last few days it means “the end” for your old pal “Temp^^ I tried to take a Thermo final the other dsy trustmg that my name **Tempy” would p«dl me throua^ But I was mistaken. I found out t was “Thru-mo" than I thou3:ht I was. Tho weather wUl he white tomorrow. M you dm’t know what that mnans... it wiR atifi he lunewf;THE PURDUE EEPOI^ENT
Saturday, JTantiaty 28,19^?
Fraternity Ratings
If the Exponent, by its anti-paddling campaign, has done nothing more than to arouse mterest which may possibly lead to action against the practice, I believe that ,we have been of real service. It is sincerely hoped that many fraternities, through the realization that several houses on this campus have successfully abolished paddling, will give the plan a fair trisd. It is gratifying to note that almost all fraternities have been seriously considering the problem, and that a number of them have taken definite action just this semester. Those in classes A, B, and C have made at least some progress toward the elimination of paddling, with those in the upper two classes leading
the way.
It is sincerely urged that all fraternities which are at present giving much thought to the abolition of the paddle take action. Those groups which have instituted the elimination of paddling as a trial have almost unanimously found their action is beneficial. The ratings indicate that paddling could be entirely eliminated from all houses on the campus with-
out resulting in calamities.
Paddling is very definitely on its way out. May the next year or two see it entirely dis-
appear.
Current Comment
Diseases Not Disgrace With the showing of motion pictures and the providing for lectures on venereal diseases, the University is assuming a share of the work in the nationwide campaign against these diseases. Ignorance and moral prejudices stand in the path of crusaders against syphilis and gonorrhea, and when, through popular education concerning the dangers and the methods of prevention, protection, and treatment of them, the public comes to regard these diseases as diseases, and not as disgraces, the fight will be more than half won. Persuading afflicted persons to submit to treatment and getting people in general to take tests fw venereal diseases are far greater obstacles to the eradication and control of syphilis and gonorrhea than is the medical part of the battle. The American Social Hygiene Association reports that one in every twenty persons in the United States is infected with syphilis during his lifetime, and that approximately 100,000 deaths result annually from this disease. At present, however, only one out of ten cases is receiving medical treatment—^treatment which makes further transference impossible after three days, and which will effect complete cures if started soon enough. The moral antagonism to the propagation of biological and physiological knowledge of s^hilis and gonorrhea has very little foundation. Dr. J. B. Rogers, member of the administrative staff of the California state hospital, at Napa, says concerning syphilis: “This disease is a very communicable one. The syphilis spirochete (the parasite responsible for the disease) can be transmitted by any number of personal contacts. The ‘high morals’ of a person do not by any means insure his protection against the syphilis germ. “The syphilis spirochete has the power of motion. If this germ is placed on any moist, mucous surface, such as the lips, it can work down through any abrasion in the skin and enter the blood stream of its new victim. A very large number of syphilitic victims contract the disease innocently; their ‘moral standards’ are no protection.” Rogers cites the case of one young man who contracted syphilis through borrowed clothing, and of another person who became infected by treatment at the hands of a dentist who was afflicted with the disease. As was pointed out in the motion pictures shown at the University this week, not every physician is capable of recognizing and treating venereal diseases. At the first national conference on control of these diseases, during the latter part of December, Dr. Paul DeKruif told his fellow physicians that the shortcomings of the medical profession in treating syphilis must be faced, “To prevent a public campaign against the
Wfft ^urbue exponent
VMUulad in 188S
Entered m Moond class matter at the post office, Lafayette, In* diana. Deltvered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold ly aingle copy, 2 cents. MAIN OFFlCB-812 North Fifth Street Bnstnesa Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087 Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
T
XdH»r*in-Chicf.
EDITOBUL STAFF
- .W. T. Hunt
Manaainy Editor. B. H. Morris Aasoeiata Edttora—K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brocl^ A. H. Forster,
B. P. C. L. Sadler
Sophomore Aasistante W. M. Anthony, D, A. Bailey.
J. A. Chapin, J. B. Clark. L. S. Hardin. C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. B, Vance
EL H. XelloKK, K. E. O’Neil,
Editte'—
.Helen Creech
WOMEN’S STAFF
Aaaociate Edl(m._ jeaniie Janousde, Doris McCartney,
Elisabeth Pyke
AdverUsinc Manager., Betty Barnett
BnsincM Manacer..
National Advcrtilsina leaser..
Manager.
Ofrcttlation Manager^——
BUSINESS STAFF
B. J. Hulse L. H. Brown D, C. Miller J. P. Girard
SPOBT8 STAFF
_ L. D. Wood H. Fllleld. 8. B. Griffiths. B. F. Obenchain
ispM» Editor—W, M. Anthony
disease becoming a boomerang,” be said, “the present incompetence of many of the medical profession to detect syphilis must be admitted. And medical vanity that so often cuts treatment short of the point needed to make the plague noninfectious has got to be acknowl edged.” This conference closed with the 500 asseinbled physicians and health officers in unanimous agreement that syphilis and gonorrhea in the United States can be brought under control. The conferees recommended that the present federal appropriation of $8,000,000 for public health be raised to $26,000,000, most of which would be devoted to the campaign against venereal diseases. A bill which would prevent the marriage of any person having a communicable disease will be considered by the Indiana state legislature during its present session. The bill would require a physical examination of future brides and bridegrooms in the state by a reputable physician. Here again, however, public sentiment and prejudice will probably operate in such a way as to prevent the passage of the legislative measure. The press, by printing candid publicity on syphilis and gonorrhea, and the medical associations and the various public institutions, by sponsoring lectures and pictures and by issuing educational information, can eventually bring the public to regard venereal diseases in much the. same manner as it does influenza, tuberculosis, typhoid, and other diseases. It is here that the fight can most successfully be, and must be, waged.—^R. P. M.
It’s Not Salve—It’s Sense A word of advise to seniors . . . learn to be pleasant before you get out into the cold, cruel work. Here at the University there are certain customs and traditions which are unknown elsewhere. For instance, it is almost the usual thing to insult everybody and everything. Insults among friends have become so common that they have become almost complimentary. Frankness and plainspokenness have become virtues second to none. A ri^t handed compliment is considered the same as a cloth for polishing apples. Away from the University things are different. Somehow or other, the average person seems to prefer compliments to insults; constructive criticism to destructive. He doesn’t see the joke if you say his work is “lousy,” He is apt to bite his lip rather than grin when you call him a “dumb slug.” And it is rather' hard to convince him that your attitude is the modem way to be a good fellow. So before they graduate, seniors and others might well spend a little time learning to remark about the other fellow’s good points and learning how to be blind to his bad points. Learn to forget that you have a left hand when you hand out compliments. And above all learn how to be sincere—^not particularly how to seem sincere; that will come naturally if you are really sincere in what you say or do. Learn to say nice things and swallow bad things. The ability to do these things will prove as great an asset to you as your good looks, your education, or your native intelligence.-^. E. B.
Believe if. or not... SQmeone had the courage to swipe Mr. DAVID DOOLEY’S sailor hat the other night in the BLAZER— to think that among the students present in this said place there would be a personage with scruples so low that he would swipe DAVID DOOLEY’S hat ... 1 can't feature such—can —you . . .
TRY-OUTS FEB. 2 The high-stepper’s parade is all set to start production February 2nid ... at least tryouts are scheduled for that date—^the aspirants for PONY chorus had better start laying off in preparation for the coming event—don’t start building to many “Castles In The Air” kiddies for everyone just doesn’t make it . . . YOU SAID IT, KIT I read in der Exponent und she say Rit vun pome und vin der MARS PASS today. So I take time out from der crammin To try somting vot I’m not wort a damn in, Ach, der examernation time iss here Und I shvear I know noddings dis time of year. From my desk I fetch der book called history, Bot to me it iss noddings hot der mystery. Ven I tinkof der fatal minut, I try to study, but der heart’s not in it. TKE Poet (?) And now for a finale on the big EWOLT, SCHAAF, and HUPFINE problem that has been troubling us for a week or so . . . the other day this came out: — TO ALL THE WOMEN IN BILL EWOLDT’S UFE:—FOR SALE, 1 PICTURE, CHEAP—SAL SCHAAF ... I don’t know whether SAL is bragging on
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER TA* MMtttumt stfl stimm* rtsf»m$UiUtf fer ttMuu ikb tthum. SmA tftiitni m uUlf iAm^/ A* mHttr.
Finals Now that everyone is in the midst of those terrible things called final examinations, it might be proper to see why we are faced with them year in and year out. The biggest argument the instructors have for finals, but most of them Won’t admit it, is that exams furnish them with necessary information when it comes to making out the grades. Not being able to estimate how much knowledge a man has other than by testing him, especially with finals, it is necessary for most teachers to give several tests each semester which, coupled with the final, gives them a rough idea of what a student knows But the stated reason for finals is that they teach a student how to assimilate a lot of knoweldge in a short time. Although most instructors know that “cramming is almost a waste of time, since one seldom remembers what he learns by this method, still they continue to throw exams for which the ordinary student must cram if he wants to pass or get a good grade. The main reason why students oppose finals is that they realize they will obtain no great material benefit from such cramming, and in addition they dislike it. And because a final is often not a fair test (is it possible to cover a whole semester’s work in three hours ?) they fear that such unfairness will result in the lowering of their grades. I understand that there is a movement underway to eliminate finals for seniors in the second semester. Such an ided most certainly has much merit, and its adoption should undoubt edly be a wise move.
Exponent Platform
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open (?RinpnigfiMi|f in all pppwlar elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
LTLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
FAMILY SUNDAY—MONDAY
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehty
with SIMONE SIMON DON AMECHE PAUL LUKAS^ EXTRA JOY ALL COLOR Cartoon "Greedy Humpty Dumpty" Final Today Edw. Everett Horton in “Let’s Make A Million” —and— Bob Steele “CAVALRY”
“—and I sentence you to ten years in prison! marches on!”
Time—
tbe fact that someone was sucker enough to give ber a picture or whether she is trying to get even with EWOLDT for the run-around he gave her ... by the way BILL’S number 4 baby is an Attica, Ind., product—^that’s all . . . Say—^LEFTY—^you can’t dooooo that—MIDGE MARQUIS is (or was) TOMMY GOULD’S gal—you can’t take her into the quiet??? corners of the' Union Cafeteria— Yea MARTIN—^I’m putting the bee on you—that Chi O prexy is the apple of someone else’s eye . . . BARBARA DOBSON is a pest to all wearers of tiable bow ties— ask HOWARD DOSTLE . . . I fool you BOB WALPOLE and LIBBY HUNTER—I’m not saying . . . you tell your friends what happened—I haven’t got the heart . . . FINALS—BLANK, BLANK! FINALS—BLANK, BLANK!
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. BISK DR. ROBERT G. BISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
The MARS PASSES WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR THE TKE POET (?) AT THE UNION DESK AT NOON TODAY,..
ARC SUNDAY—MONDAY
—Hwid-— Gene Raymond and Ann Anthem “WALKING ON AIR” —Pins— Rainbow Color Cartoon
LAST TIMES TODAY “Don’t Turn ’Em Loose’’
“Courageous Avenger” “Darkest Africa”
STARTS TOMORROW
; P.R MUSICAt
’'A dazzling new world of delirious new thrills! Love like burning sun snow! Fun like o roaring open fiivl Sohgs you’ll remember os the yeor'i big hits! Rhythmic, flashing, speeding ice-revels...in the gayest spot on eorth!
^ ,
o«<.« ^
•PLUS—
Mickey Mouse TRAVEL TALK
In Color
MARS
—PINAL TODAY— CHABUE BU6GLBS ALICE BRADY
in
"MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS”W" Vi
m.
fVv' V' /k ’
i A^^'i
' tih AKHU
I
iriTfe "gVltDOB kligO»EllT
5.-
i !!®\ I
j
i
i^ 1 ^
Set Sports CarniyalForFebruary 25
Plan 150 Evente; ‘Perfeet Man’ Contest Will Pick Best Physique Purdue’s sixteenth annual sports carnival sponsored by the Intramural department, is scheduled to take place on Feb. 25, from 7 to 9 p. m. Ihis yearly event'is one of thg largest sports contests on the cainlniS' Over 160 different events are scheduled in every brapeh of indor sport. Matches in all weights m boxing, and wrestling Will be included in addition tp relay races.
walking races» tugs-of-war, and a Silver Derby, Which will include a number of novelty relays. Contests in gymnastici will include tumbling, parallel bars, dnd rePeclimbing. An intercollegiate fencing meet will also be a feature of t^ie evening’s program, f'^otre Dame’s fencing sduad will cross swords with the Boilermaker foilmen during the evening. An innovation in this year*s carnival will be a ‘^perfect man” ^contest, td find the man with the most perfect physique in the University. Entrance Limitations The carnival is open to all men in the University, and there is no limit to the number of events that One man can enter. Of course, since ten or a dozen events will be running at the same time, there will be a limit to each man’s participation. Moat of the relays will be run by fraternity and ward teams.
m ii^■
—PINAL
DOUBLE PBATURE BILL Geo. Hnston in Captain Calamity
-PLUS—
Warmn William in
Caae of the Velvet Claws
SUNDAY—MONDAY—TUESDAY—WEDNESDAY
—STABTINO-
MID-NIGHT SHOW - SAT. 11:30
(fothaHtinfio^youtheattl
The wonder voice that won von in ’’Let's Bing Again” echoes the heart of Dhde in a sditing human drama of the
First Lafayette Bhowlnc —ALSO— NEWS-COMEDY
ml
STARTS TOMORROW
LUMA
FINAL TOPAX ' WILLIAM POWELL MYRNA LOY la ’’AFTER THE THIN MAN”
An Open Letter To Students
SpQr^ Editw,
'me
u Purdue E3p)ii0nt, Lulftyette, ludiuna
Dear Sii*:
As you wiU notice in the enclosed slipping^ fclippings re-
of local soc
printed below}, it is the unanimous agreement of jlocal sports writers that last night’s game between Illinois and Purdue was perhaps one of the filthiest, sullied, sordid games which our Fighting Illini have been subject to in a long time—^^robably
14 yeats. Why must this be?
It seems to me that when a coach either teaches, which is evidently the case, or allows his players to play dirty, he should be removed from the position which sets him up as an example not only to his players but to the crowd as well. He is very obviously not playing the game fairly and must get a whale of a lot of satisfaction out of seeing his teams win games and championships through mediums not accepted by persons who watch and play the game for its sake—^not underhanded, cheap, and
meaningless victories.
The same goes for the students and townspeople. What satisfaction do they derive from a Purdue win when they know damn well their team sometimes isn't the best on the floor and only wins because it uses methods other teams (not all of them) are unwilling, for the sake of reputa-
tion and fair play, to use ?
Purdue is gaming a bad reputation. Your students probably don’t realize what a black eye their team is making for them. Let them read through your columns, excerpts from the enclosed clippings to see how others feel about them. You’ll notice the same thoughts and incidents cited by each scribe. They are unmistakably correct. You know that. When unsportsmanlike conduct gets so out of control that the father of a player will strike the opposing player on the head who held his son to two baskets through good guarding, something should be done. And the sOn should be dealt with in such a way that he will never again cunningly fake friendship with this guard by putting his arm around his shoulder and then slapping him in the neck when the officials aren’t looking. Very clever indeed of Mr. Young but it doesn’t go over—^not even with the home folk if they’re half human. Here's a chance for you to do some real good for your school.
Fred Lawrence.
P. S. I’ll send the Illini code of sportsmanship if you wish .Your boys will be able to get away with murder here, if they so desire. All they will receive will be several polite and short boos.
Eddie Jacquin, Sports Editor of Champaign News-Gazette, says in his column ’In Perspective’—^There were several fouls which bordered on vicious play, but one in particular was especiially; so. When Riegel broke loose and was sailing for the basket halfway in the second half, Downey raced after him, threw himself in the air and put a football clip on the Dlinois center. It was typical of the Purdue crowd that quite a few boos greeted the officials’ ruling of a foul. We’ve seen players put out of games for much leas.” The Champaign News-Gazette says in a headline over Eddie Jacquin’s story, “Crowd Mobs Henry After Game; Purdue Sportsmanship Typically Bad; Mills Quint Trails At Half, 23-12, Behind 37-36 With 20 Seconds To Play; First Purdue Loss Of Year.” It further states, “It was a disgraceful exhibition and adds another smudge to the already discolored jiicture of Purdue sportsmanship.” Dave Hoff, sports editor of the Daily Illini says, “Purdue’s fans wound up a customary Boilermahhi* night of bad sportsmanship, with all the accompanying booing and hollering, by attacking Henry and Coach Mills after the game, before the two were ai»l$, with the rest of the team, to get safely to their dressing room “It was then that the near-riot occurred. The jubilant Illini herded toward their dressing room, along with some 600 fans of mixed sentiments. Someone reached out and bowled Henry over with a blow to the head. 'Trying to assist his stellar guard. Coach Mills took a set of punches before Cliff Kuhn and Gene Dykstra, Illini Varsity football players; Matt Bullock, ponderous traiBBt; and aeveral other proIllini shoved through tp ease the Illinois men out of the throng.
“The finis was typical of the Purdue attitude all evehing. They chanted gleefully and howled as their mighty men led by four wins in a row, shot away to lead at various times by scores of 7 to 0, 11 to 6, 18 to 7, and finally 23 to 11 at the half."
Bert Bertine says in the Champaign Evening Courier “And to think we once said, not so long ago, the Illini basketball crowds were becoming somewhat unsportsmanlike! In comparison to the Purdue followers Monday evening the Illini fans in the New Gym this season have shown the manners of a small town “going-to-Sunday meeting” group. “We will say this: We don’t think it was the Purdue student body that precipitated the riot after the tilt but rather the Lafayette townsfolk. Illini followers did tell us after the game that several Purdue fans even changed their allegiance towards the end of the gamp and started rooting for Illinois because of the rough treatment they were receiving at the hands of the Purdue team and crowd. Another mark of favor for the crowd was the great ovation it gave Bob Riegel when he left the game because of four personal fouls.”
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
SUDDEN ^RVICE
(RINTING. one# StiiilMMiy*>' tl^widlfit Invltollom
PHONE ■" fcl« Boolct,Ele...= $628 CASSEL*S 408reRRy^
inj. u ' "iijji.'
■ B
s hme. . . .
SHOE ICE-SKATES
$4.00 to $7.95
JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 Main St.
WE PAY 40%
CASH
For Second-Hafid Books .
H. G. ”DEAC” REISHER
BiWanlPby Near» Fhtfah
The All-University tliree-ctttMott billiards champioiuiMp plOY l> FiPidly drawing to a close. Most of those still in the running have three or four matches yet.to play, but there is no definite schedtile <k the matches because of final examinations.
The standings to date are: Won Lost Steed 6 1 Cohee 6 2 Tzucker 3 2
i '’i I
Maitia A
siiiMiNin$h
Baeklfn f
I'arringtott 2 High ]htti---Sii]tdMmiglL A
# 4 1
COUNTY basketball
Persons interested in the outcome of the Tiiqieeanoe eonn^ bashettmit tommament dm listen to this afternoon’s games over WBAA, which will broadcast these games from the Lafayette Armory.
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
641 Main Sc., Lafayc^
SPECIAL
For the Remainder of the School Year R. O. T. C., Band and Officers" Uniforms CLEANED AND PRESSED
57g
Shirts 10c, Ties Ic, Belt Ic, Overseas Caps Ic, When Sent in With Uniforms
PHONE 3085
American Laundry
After That Final
drop into the Sweet Shop for a few nuiments of relaxation. Toe much study* inp isn’t good for anyone. Come in ao4 enjoy a chat and a coke.
X., Sl
f
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION Cemer of Cmpm^Cmer of Acilsity
i jV ^ f(■
rr '?f
k/
■rf
fA
sa>
yvwar
THE PURDUE gXPONBNt
ItiST Ur AFTER FINALS! A trip home between sem^lers is a real test. Four hours to the east, Ritite In the new fast airplanes. Call Bud Skinner, Kappa Sig House. "Senring All the Airlines"
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT!
SWEET GOLDEN BUTTER CAN CHANGE THE MOST COMMONPLACE FOOD TO A DISH OF SHEER DELIGHT
USE IT WITH ALL OF YOUR MEALS
***
Sunshine Farms Phone 5015
By Outrs Sohatzlbv
Methodist Students: All winter course men are cordially invited to attend men’s Sunday School class which meets at the First M. E. Church at the corner of Main and South streets, West Lafayette, at 9:30. Rev. McFadden will lead the lesson. The co-ed class will meet as usual at the Foundation House at 9:30 with Mrs. McFadden as the teacher. The morning worship service at 10:40 will be a special program for the dedication of the new Methodist hymnals. Dean R. G. McCutchan of DePauw University and editor of the new hymnal will be the guest speaker. Everybody is invited to come out to the Fellowship Hour and supper at the Foundation House at 6:00. The supper is served at a cost of 15 cents. Epworth League will be held as usual at the church at 6:30. William Johnston and Frank Visscher will speak on “The American Student Union.”
Baptist Students: Roger Williams class will meet at 9:30 tomorrow morning. Rev. Gleason will give as his morning sermon, “The Greatest Magnificent Obsession.” At 5:30 a surprise program is in store for social hour. Lunch at 6:00. Jean Campbell will continue the discussion, giving the girls’ idea of pre-marriage relationships among young peoples. The Methodists will unite with the Baptists for the happy hour service at 7:30. Rev. Steele will bring the message, “Heralds Of The Cross.” The Choir will sing.
Bollman To Discuss Natural Gas Tuesday F. W. Bollman, University graduate in the school of chemical engineering, will discuss “Natural Gas” in a talk Tuesday night at 7:30 in room B of the Memorial Union Building. Bollman was connected with the utility business in Wooster, Ohio, for ten years and also spent several years in the oil and gas fields of Texas. His talk will be open to anyone interested in this field.
GIFTS THAT LAST The Eagle Furniture Co. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVER'nSERS
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
MONITE,.,
Room To Rent—Desirable firstfloor room at 627 State street.
-Room For Rent—Close to campus. Board if desired. Phone 41612.
Wanted—^Ride to Tennessee or Paducah, Kentucky, or vicinity on Monday or Tuesday. Call 6086. Blakeman.
Wanted—Co-ed to work for room or^ board. Call 66032.
Wanted—Young woman attending Purdue wishes a room and to board herself and two children with family accustomed to children. Prefer near schools. Can pay $36. Notify Exponent, Box R 101.
For Rent—One double room with single beds. 418 Maple street, or phone 46463.
Double Room For Rent—Close to campus. Phone after Sunday 46384.
Single Room—^With private family, fine location, available immediately. 342 Lawn avenue. Call 76882
Wanted—Ride to within 60 miles of Akron. Call Huston—4096.
For Sale—^Model A Ford, good running condition. Reasonable, J. P. Strong, 323 N. 6th street. Call between 7 and 8.
For Rent—^Pleasant room for instructor or graduate. Healthful location. Phone 2174.
NOTICES No noticM accepted after • p. m.
Dept, of Applied Mechanics—Condition examinations in Applied Mechanics 1 and 2 will be given in Room 101 of Purdue Hall on Saturday, January 30, 8 to 11 o’clock -^POORMAN.
Moth proofing Service by CROWN protects your Garments from moths for 6 months br until cleaned again. EVERY SUIT MOTH PROOFED—No extra charge. MONITE service is exclusive with CROWN.
AUNDRY
FINE CLEANERS OP FINE CLOTHES
W. A. A. Badminton—Sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gymnasium before February 8, if you wish to participate in the Badminton tournament. —MAIER.
W. A. A. Basketball—Girls wishing to participate in the intramural basketball tournament must sigm up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gym before February 8. —SHAFFER.
Alpha Phi Omega—Keys are available for paid up new m^bers. Please call for them at room 827, Fowler Hotel, between 6 and 11 p. m —KREISER.
W. A. A. Bowling—^All co>eds interested in the bowling tournament please sign up on bulletin board in Women’s Gym. —BOEHM.
Co-ed Recreation—^The Women’s Gymnasium will be open daily until 6 p. m. for recreational activities during the examination period. Women may bring men. Report to main office for equipment. —HAZEL’TON.
Fencers—^An important meeting in the fencing room at 6 p. m January 28. Plans for the Notre Dame meet will be discussed. —LACEY
Freshman Fencing—^Freshman fencing will start February 9 at 4 p. m. ’There will be a meeting in the fencing room which is located at the south end of the fourth floor of the Recitation Building. —LACEY.
SNOW SLIDE
Many students do not know that there is a snow slide available for any who desire to use it at the south end of Intramural Field. There is also a bob-sled at the slide for student use. For those who desire the use of skis, four pairs are now available in the Intramural office, and can be checked out at any time.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Anto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
Domer*s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V.8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occaoions 25c per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
Four Stores The four Lafayette Piggly Wiggly Stores are conveniently located: 110 Vine Street West Lafayette 501 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building -4^ . 910 Kossuth Street 1301 North 14th Street
New Store Soon at 1616- 1618 Main
FINAL EXAMINATION SCHEDULE
Period 6
SATURDAY, JAN. 23, 8-11 A. M.
Course Divisions Boom ad 106 All HE 107 am 1 H,LL. ME 207 am 1 XK.XL,M EE 254 B 1 I-L,U-X Ed 101 B 18 A OE201
18 B,0 S0211
B 130 All *
OhE 221 AU CSiem 1 BC_
GSiem 117 A-F ^*^009 EC 12 A 7^:SPiar EC 115 All -CKlOl Be 127 All * Ed 75 C .Rec313 Bd 107 All- wwTTSS-Tq;. EE 19 A-H —EEIJ^IM
EE 143 All
EE174 All EB3W EE 185 AU Z Engl 6 0-
Bnt 8 AU
For 118 AU -* GE 104 B- -----* GE110 ——AU —ME^ Govt 104 — Heav2(tt Kath 1 A'G^rXA.XB——— Math 2 ——AAA———————— Math 8 D-P Math 4 A Math 18 A--, 1
Math 119 —AU mb 81 A
me 95 B - ml 21 AU ml 169a All PhO 7 AU PM U E
Period?
SATUBDAY, JAN. 28,1-4 P. M.
Gourse Divisions
.ME 301
AffoP 22 -..All.
Boom
«
B 120 AU * Ghem 23 AU Ed 101 Chem 117 G GlOl DH 18 AU * DH 118 All * Ec 1 H OhemlOO Ec 11 HG Phy8202 Ec 136 All * Ed 1 C Ed 101 Ed 17 B AU Ed 208 Ed 75 B Ed 201 Ed 131 AU * Ed 179 AU * EE 50 AU * EE 136 AU * EE 145 AU JEE847 EE 161 AU * Engl 14 G,H.LXI -* Engl 16 O * Engl 19 D SC 14 Engl 19 XD ME 3 Engl 51 AU * Engl 116 O * Engl 117 A * Ent 101 All * Geol 122 AU * HA 9 AU --=7! Hist 2 0 Bee 313 Hist 113 AU Hort 1 AU Hort202 Math 12 0-P,XO,XD -* Math 115 AU — ME 77 AU ME 103 ME 90 B * ML 22 All * ML 41 A,XA,XXA, B,H EE 129 ML 41 C,XC,XXO SC 211 ML 41 D-F CE201 ML 42 AU J)E129 ML 62 All JEE129 ML 64 AU SC 211 ML 73 AU CB201 MM 1 All *
Period 8
MONDAY, JAN. 25,8-11 A. M.
Course Divisions AD 57 All
Ag Ch 112 —AU r-STz-s;! Agron 11 —AU————Jig 206,2W
Boom
«
B 1 P-S - Phys202 B 1 T.Y,Z.AA, AB SC 211 B 136 All SC 14 Chem 107 —All Ed 201 Chem 288 AU Chem 220 CE 61 AU CElOl DH 3 AU * DH 15 AU Ed 1 D Chem 106 Engl 1 DJ Ed 101 £!ngl 1 ——.E,L,XE^ XF JIE129 Engl 1 XLXLP. ME 108 Engl 1 Q-S ME 207 Engl 1 -T,U,XQ .GlOl Engl 6 E * Engl 10 A * Engl 14 C- * Engl 19 B Univ301 Engl 32 DP,XD,XP. * Engl 32 G UnlvlOl Engl 32 C.H EA208 Engl 32 XH Pur 315 Engl 32 K Pur 411 For 107 All Hort 210 HA no All * Hort 32 AU * Hort 113 AU * Hort 130 AU * Math 1 AGALXAC, XAD.XATC * ME 74 AU JBE254 ML 148 AU * Phar 17 AU * Phar 35 All * Phys 112 All- ME 3 Poul 107 AU *
Period 9
MONDAY, JAN. 25,1-4 P. M.
Course Divisions
AE 11 AU AH 114 AU * B 9 AU SC 14,12 B 140 AU * OhE 113 All Chem 1 A-L Ed 101,201 CE 59 All OB 101 DH 2 AU * DH 17 All Be 12 0,D *
Boom
Ed 75 A Phar 311 EE 118 AU J®129 Engl 10^ C * Engl 117 B —* Ent 9 AU - » Ent 104 AU » F Mgt 9 AU * F&N 1 AU HE 107,108,109 F&N 22 AU HE 202,213,216 F&N 135 AU * GE 104 A * Math 2 E ME 61 AU ME 801-312 ME 172 A ME 3 MB 172 B,C. ME 108 ML 23 A * ML 43 A * ML 63 A * PEW 75 AU * Phys 1 A,P JEE129 Phys 1 B Phys 202 Phys 1 C,E .CE308 Phys 1 D Chem 106 Phys 1 XE.XF SC 211 Phys 21 A,J r- Phys 202 Phys 21 B,XK,L EE 129 Phys 21 0,E.G GlOl Phys 21 D,FjH ME 207 Phys 21 XC,XB. ^SC211 Engl A A-F,XB, Phys 21 I .Chem 106 Phys 21 K CE808 Period 10 TUESDAY, JAN. 26, 8-11 A. M.
Course
Divisions
Boom
Ag Ch 109
-All
«
AE 12
.-B
—AE202
Agron 25 -
—A
»
Agron 25
.-B
—Agin
AH no -.
—All
AM 1
—A,B,D,
-.JEE254
AM 1
AM 1
—P- a
B 1
—A-G
B 1
—H,M,N,0
Ed 201
B 50
,-All
•
B 161 -
—All
—SO 114
ChE 109 -.
—All
-Heav202
ChE 228
—AU
#
Ec 1 G Bee 313 Engl 1 A-0,XO, M-0 Ed 101 Engl 1 V,W,X,Y EE 129 Engl 1 Z,AA ME 108 Engl 1 AB,XAB, AO- ME 207 Engl 14 D,B,P Engl 19 C SOM Engl 32 A,XB Phys 202 Engl 32 B * Engl 32 I,J,XJ -GlOl Engl 32 —_L,M.N -..Phar 311 Engl 130 AU * For 111 All * IM 140 -AU ^ HE 109 Math 1 -V,W,Y,Z,XV, XW,XX,AA,AB .* Math 2 D * Math 3 B,0- * Math 4 P * ME 30 A-B. MB 301-312 ME 211 ,AU * ML 45 All * PE 21 All Bd208 Period 11 TUESDAY, JAN. 26, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Boom AE 140 AU ! * Agron 2 AU Ag 206.209 Agron 4 AU Agll7 Agron 125 —AU Ag 118 AM 101 AU * B 134 AU * ChE 134 AU JSEm Chem 285 —All * CE 71 AU -CElOl O&T 13 AU HE 109 O&T 125 AU - * DH 11 AU * EE 8 AU * Ent 1 AU * For 30 All * Govt 9 -O.XO,DG, I,XI Ed 101,201 Hort 19 AU Hort 202 MB 81 A-D ME 108 ME 81 E,P- MB207 PE 175 All - * PhC 113 AU # PM 8 AU - o PM 16 GE. OB808,801,304