'■!".' ' • . ' -ii . •, ■ , ' " , ! ' ■ , . '. * ,v ■ -. ' ' ! - '- .: ■ ■ ' ^
A
Z-IBS
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 24
Saturday. October 7. 1939
Late War Bulletins • French Armies Withstand German Attacks Paris, October 7—Late yesterday the French successfully withstood several fierce German counter attacks in the Sharbruecken region and held their positions. The French now hold positions within artillery range of' the Siegfried line. The Germans have been slowly pushed back by the French until their long range guns will not reach the Maginot fortifications of the French. • U. S. Navy Officials Heed German "Tip" Washington, October 7—While little credence was given the German “tip” on the purported sinking of the Iroquois, precautions were nevertheless taken to bring the refugee ship safely into port. Several navy ships and a coast guard cutter were dispatched to accompany the ship to New York. Nazi officials continued to maintain that the so-called “tip” was an act' of comradeship, but official sources in Washington claimed that there had been no direct contact between the two governments. • Hitler's Peace Plan Not Likely To Be Accepted London, October 7—Hitler's “lasting peace,” which was outlined in his speech before the Reichstag yesterday, will be examined very closely by both the French and British governments, according to an announcement last night. In considering the proposals at all, the British made it plain that two things must be remembered: “First, no peace proposal is likely to be accepted which does not effectively frqe Europe from the menace of aggression; secondly, that something more than words would be required to establish confidence in any peace proposals Germany might make.”
Veterinarians Meet Here October 17-20 Annual short course for veterinarians will be held at the University, October 17-20, it was announced yesterday by Dr. R. A. Craig, head of the University veterinary science department. A comprehensive program, including discussions on swine diseases, livestock parasites, animal nutrition, and poisonous plants, has been arranged for the conference. Among the outstanding speakers scheduled are Dr. Cassius Way of New York, N. Y., president of the American Veterinary Medical Association; Dr. J. L. Axby, Indianapolis, state veterinarian; Dr. W. A. Sullivan, U. S, Bureau of Animal Industry; Dean of Agriculture Harry J. Reed, Dean Emeritus J. H. Skinner, and Dr. E. C. Young, all of the University. Approximately 200 Indiana veterinarians are expected to attend the, various sessions and take part in the large and small clinics arranged for the last day and a half of the conference. Peace Committee Invites Students To Weekly Meeting Purdue Peace Committee decided yesterday to invite all students and faculty members who are interested in taking active part in the committee’s peace campaign, to attend the weekly meeting Sunday night at 8 o’clock at the Wesley Foundation. Previously the committee’s activities have been directed by delegates sent by the various religious circles. Increased Interest This year, because of the increased interest that the campus has shown in pacifism, the committee thought it wise to invite the general public with intention of making this year’s campaign more thorough than in previous , years. A peace progratn is now b^ing planned that will include lectures and forums as well as the annual Armistice banquet and the April anti-war demonstration against war. Study groups are already at work gathering all available information that will be pertinent to the committee’s activities. It is suggested that anyone wishing more information about the committee call Chairman Bob Belcher at 66832.
Senior Co-eds Meet Today To Decide Jacket Price An important meeting for senior women will be held at 1 o’clock today in the women’s lounge of the Union. The purpose of the meeting is to decide the price of the natural colored corduroy jackets which will be worn as identification this year by the senior women. At a previous meeting, these jackets were chosen as identification for the co-eds of the class of ’40. The committee in charge is Joy Johnson, Louise Daniels, Rufina Sexton, and Ruth Zimmerman. Extension Workers Elect New Officials Conclusion yesterday of the annual Agricultural and Home Eco^i nomics Extension Conference, which started at the University last Tuesday, saw the election of W. K. Delaplane, agricultural agent of Wabash county, to the presidency of the Indiana County Extension Agents’ Association, and Miss Doris E. McCartney, Grant county home demonstration agent, to the presidency of the Indiana Home Demonstration Agents’ Section. Delaplane succeeded 0. B. Riggs of Mt. Vernon, agent of Posey county. To close the conference Extension Director Harry J. Reed of the University addressed the extension workers at a luncheon yesterday noon. Reed urged that farmers in Indiana not disrupt their balanced farming programs even if farm product prices should reach higher levels due to the feuropean conflicts. He advised against farmers “going heavily in debt” to the extent of handicapping their following a sound, balanced farm progx’am of operation. The complete list of officers elected by the association yesterday includes R. E. Grubbs, agent of Brown county, and E. C. Miller, assistant county agent of Wayne county, as vice-presidents, and W. G. Smith, Henry county agent, as secretary and treasurer. Laborer Seriously Hurt In Music Hall Accident
jomoAAow Frosh, Varsity Tangle At 2
9n Jhtt
CPuihdwA
Today In Ross-Ade Stadium
Special Smoker
. . . for those Cary Hall members now living in the Memorial Union was held last night in the Union ballroom. The Notre Dame pictures were projected and refreshments consisting of doughnuts and cider served to those attending.
John W. Kuehn, laborer, of Fowler, R. R. No. 1, fell from the first balcony of the new Music Hall yes-
terday afternoon at 4 o’clock. Dr. ElliAf# Miller of the University Health "
Service reported Kuehn has a brok en arm, a broken leg, and a frac
tured skull. ^
Presbyterian and Congregational Students Morning program at Central Presbyterian Church: At 9:30, Dean Dorothy Stratton will speak on “What the Parents of Purdue Students Expect the University to Do for Them.” At 10:40, morning worship, sermon by the pastor. Dr. W. R. Gra-
ham.
Evening program at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz street: At 6 o’clock supper will be served. At 7 o’clock Prof. V. L. Albjerg will speak on “The European Situation.” Methodist Students 9:30—Sunday School. Co-ed Department at the Founda-
tion.
“Life of Christ According to St. Mark,” June Denny Cox. “Personalities of the Religious Emphasis Week,” Mrs. McFadden. Men’s Student Department at the church. Four classes: 1. Bible piass taught by Prof. J. T. Gunn. ' , 2. “World Peace” taught by Rev. McFadden. 3. “The Liquor Problem” taught by Dr. U. 0. Lee. 4. “Hofne and Marriage” taught, by Prof. D. J. Patterson. 10:40—Morning worship with sermon by Dr. Steele. ' 5 p. m.—Fellowship supper at the Foundation, 435 State street. 6:30—Student Discussion Group beginning on: “Home and Marriage” led by Mrs. McFadden. “World Peace” led by Rev. Mc-
Fadden.
“Christianity and Economic Justice,” John Fonts, chairman. ^ Resource persons: A. F. Messenger, A. A. Smith, William Andrews, R. G. Thomas, and others. Episcopal Students Services at St. John’s Episcopal Church, Sixth and Ferry streets, Lafayette. 8 a. m.. Holy Communion; 10:45, morning prayer and sermon by the rector. St. John’s Fellowship meets at 6 p. m. for supper, followed by program: Alec Newman will present moving pictures of his recent visit to England. Baptist Students 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club class. Dean M. L. Fisher, teacher. Subject, “The Forerunner of the
King.”
10:36 a. m.—Sermon by the pas-^ tor, Joseph Baird Gleason, “False
Gods.”
5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Home Hour and lunch. (Continued on page 4) YWCA To Sponsor Vesper Service In Union Sunday A vesper service, sponsored by YWCA, will be held tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union. The service which is usually scheduled for 6 o’clock on Sunday afternoons is being held early in order to enable students and faculty members to attend the music concert at 4:30. Instead of having an outside speaker, the program tomorrow will be put on by members of the organization. Bonnie Swope, chairman of the worship committee, is in charge of the service. This is the second in a series of services which are being held every other week.
fullback
Kuehn was conscious immediately after his fall, but fainted before he was put in an ambulance and rushed to the Home Hospital. Kuehn was reported resting quietly last night.
... returned yesterday from Sault
Ste. Marie, Mich. While there, he was the principal speaker at a banquet Wednesday night given in the honor of Chase Osborne, Purdue ’80, former governor of Michigan, world renowned journalist, lecturer,
world traveler, and citizen.
Frank Winchell
Beveridge Speech Contest Opens Oct. 17 Beveridge speaking contest, sponsored by the Forensic Board, will be held on Tuesday, October 17, and Thursday, October 19, at 4 p. m. The winner of first place in this contest will be awarded the permanent possession of<%he Hays Cup. In addition to the Hays Cup the organization whose representatives win the greatest number of points will have its name engraved on the Ankeny Cup and will be given possession of it for one year. Any organization winning this trophy three times will be given permanent possession. It has been announced that appropriate subjects for speeches would be: “Why Go to College,” “Socialized Medicine,” “The Future Engineer,” “The Effect of the War on the United States,” “The Problem of Organized Labor,” “Student Cooperatives,” “A Planned Agriculture,” “Radio Hams,” “Our Crime Problem,” “The Problem of Our Highways,” and “Purdue Traditions.” Organizations which have won Ankeny trophy are Delta Tau Delta, Sigma Chi, Theta Xi, Sigma Nu, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Phi Gamma Delta, PIA, Cary Club, and Tau Epsilon Phi. All those students who are interested in entering the Beveridge contest may sign up outside room 308 of University Hall. Radio Stage Offers Eternal Love Story Today at 1 o’clock. Radio Stage will present “The Violin Maker of Cremoiia” by Francois Coppee over WBAA. The play is the story of a struggle between a hunchback and a normal young man for the hand of a beautiful young lady. She is the daughter of Farriri, the violin master craftsman of Cremona. To settle the situation, a contest is planned to discover the best violin maker of the city, his reward to be the hand of the lovely daughter. The hunchback seems to hold the advantage for he is reputed to be a better violin maker than his competitor. The cast includes Joe Martin, Pat Heine, Jack Lane, and Virgil Duncan. The presentation is under the direction of Dick Pittenger, director of Radio Stage.
Freshmen Will Combine Speed, Minnesota Plays Against Varsity PROBABLE LINEUPS Varsity Pos. Freshmen Lehr L.E Schimer Kjellberg L.T Powers Donnelly L.G Welz Axton C Van Aken Miller R.G Vecs Italo Rossi R.T. Hill Stephenson R.E McCaffery Shackleton Q.B Smerke Tykocki L.H Fijala Welsch , R.H : Berto Frank Winchell F.B Snyder OFFICIALS—^Referee, Miller, Indianapolis; umpire, Helvie, Crown Point; field judge. Masters, Lafayette; head linesman, Dailey.
I
Renewing a once annual football affair that was last fought four years ago, the Boilermaker varsity grid forces will tangle with the Riveter yearlings this afternoon at Ross-Ade Stadium at 2 o’clock. Proceeds of the game, which is sponsored by Gimlet, athletic honorary, will be used to finance the broadcasting, over WBAA, of the entire schedule of out-of-town games in both football and basketball during the coming season.
^ Frosh Well Groomed
The frosh, in view of the fact that the annual tussle has been scheduled, for an open date in the varsity proceedings instead of the Saturday before the season gets under way, are expected to show a much more polished and coordinated attack than has been possible in recent years. The yearlings’ defense, groomed by Coach Elmer Burnham, is also expected to keep the varsity
offense from getting too unruly.
p———■ Concerning themselves mostly
with Minnesota plays, the yearling squad will be used chiefly to acquaint the varsity with the Golden Gophers’ style of attack. However, with the yearlipg alignment that
Quarterback
Red Shackleton
Alumni Board Meets This Morning At Ten The annual board meting of the Purdue Alumni Association will be held this morning at 10 o’clock in the Union building. University administrative officers will join the alumni board at noon for a luncheon in the Chestnut room of the Union. The administrative officials will report on campus events, and outline needs for the coming year. In the afternoon the group will witness the varsity-freshman football game. Thaeles ... social sorority, announces the pledging of Barbara Brand, New York, N. Y.; Shirley-Bornstein, Gary; Ruth Cohen, Elizabeth, N. J.; Emile Goldberg, Anderson; Jeanette Lipschitz, Anderson; Doris Rubens, Chicago, 111.; Sylvia Orenstein, Passaic, N. J.; Mildred Strachen, Indianapolis; Ruth Weiss, Gary; Dorothy Zweig, Gary.
Starting at 1:45 today, WBAA will carry a special play-by-play broadcast of the Freshman-Varsity football game. Announcers for the game will be Joe Martin and Harry Bichsel. Ernie Morehouse will act as freshman spotter. Coach Elmer Burnham has been grooming, it is not far from possible that the speedy freshman huskies, along with the added advantage of Minnesota plays, will be able to really set the veterans back on their heels. Injuries Dog Varsity Because of the large number of injuries that has dogged the footsteps of the Boilermaker forces, it is doubtful if any of last Saturday’s starters against Notre Dame will take part in today’s game. Not wishing to slow doAvn his regulars for next Saturday’s encounter at Minneapolis by aggravating any of the numerous injuries which have befallen the squad, Mai is planning to use his reserve forces for most the game. The outcome of a number of battles for hotly contested positions on the squad will probably be decided in today’s battle. Several mai who have not had the chance to> show their mettle under fire will have plenty of time to prove their worth against the freshmen on the Stadium turf this afternoon. McCartney To Play For Mixer Tonight Tonight dancers will awing and sway to the melodic interpretations of DePauw University’s Jack McCartney and fiis orchestra in the Union ballroom. The mixer will start at 9 o’clock and the usual price of one dollar will be charged. There will be a swing session from 7:15 to 8:15 preceding the mixer.PI?/ 1; ? |H
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. October 7. 1939
But Incidentally— By Vladimir It is with the greatest apprehension that we record today’s words of wisdom and wit. Our comrade Petrov reports that certain of his carefully nurtured paragraphs have vanished completely and cryptically from the production line, somewhere between the copy desk and the printed paper. * ♦ iii Our world is quaking beneath us! Who knows where this mysterious force will strike next? These very words may disappear. * si' * It would probably be better that way. « s|> « According to the five boys and two girls who did all the passport glue work, not all the pictures were as bad as you think yours was. They claim they found enough good ones among the freshmen co-eds to merit a beauty contest—^which they promptly conducted. In all, they chose the 12 most beautiful of this year’s crop of yearling wiramen. I|c :|< s|< The only thing that keeps us from telling you their choices is the fact that we don’t know the 12 names. !)> S* si" But we CAN tell you how to find out. I)C s^ * It seems that the picture-pasters held back the freshman passports numbered from 0001 to 0012. Then when the choices had been made, the pasters arranged the pictures on this first dozen passports—the winner on number 0001, second on number 0002, etc. * * * Which just goes to show that the good looking girls on our campus are numbered. * * This perpetual search for beauty that some of the boys seem to be conducting strikes us as being pretty futile. When you do find a ravishing beauty with a shapely torso, what have you got? 'It ^ iH Besides competition. * !|1 * Some one else can have the beauties. Take 0001 for
Purdue Exponent
Entered u second class matter at the post office In JLmfayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8. 1879, and at the special rate of iiostace provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1017, authorised Janwary 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the resrular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editorial Board R. E. Insley ..... „ Editordn-Chlef W. E. Smith. .. . Basiness Manager D. G. Terrio Editorial Director 6. W. Frederick.... Managing Editor E!. M. Antoninl .Senior Advertising Manager G. SehiUing - ...... Co-ed Editor R. Jenkins. Sports Editor Junior Staff Sports Editorial Basiness J. P. Dolan R. F. DeHoog R. Fisher S. D. Marquis R. W. Donahue R. Hall M. M. Richards D, K. Heiple A. Hite Co-ed J. H. McKee M. Hagemeyer M. Burtsfleld M. lu Miers T. Petty G, Carroll J. C. Willsey 6. Cox, Sec. B. Simpson D. J, Hennlnger, Art Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
RKPRBSKNTKD FOR NATtONAU ADVERTISING BY National Adv^iising Smice, Inc. CoHege Publisbers Representattve 420 Madison Ave. new York. N. Y. CHicAOO • Boston • Los Ahseles • San Fnancisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Piirdne University. All opinions in it. unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Saturday, October 7, 1939 Night Editor—^Miers Issue Editor—Ochiltree
GRIN AND BEAR IT
instance—why, we wouldn’t have a thing to do with her. Strictly hands oif. We’ll ^ick our girls by their personality. Beauty, never! * * * And now that we have settled that, would it be too forward of us to wonder if 0002 has anything planned for Sunday night? * s* 4: We haven’t.
THE BmSER'
By G. Van Biema “JAMAICA INN” A dark, misty winter night over the barren dunes of the English West Coast. Patches of fog on the lonely moors and a train of silent men, driving along the high road with a fieet of heavily loaded wagons. In the distance shine the lights of a lonely house—Jamaica Inn. Such is the atmosphere of the novel by Daphne du Maurier. Wild and strange are these moors, and strange are the men that have been born and brought up in their vicinity. Fighting men they are, with little respect for the law and the order of society; scarcely the proper company for young Mary Yellan who had spent all her life among the green hills of Hertford. But Mary is young, and she has the qualities that are so sadly lacking in her old Aunt Patience: courage and determination. Mary finds allies among these people which surround her and whom she so heartily despised and feared during the fii'st, terrible days. Smugglers they are, horse thieves, and even worse criminals some of them. And in the background the most mysterious one of them all: the whitehaired Vicar of Altarnun. Daphne du Maurier is well known
for her latest work, Rebecca, which was reviewed several months ago in this column. But it can be said without exaggeration that this earlier novel of hers is at least as powerful, as well executed as the more recent best-seller. Both these hooks are on the shelves of thq Browsing Room in the Union building — waiting for you! Alpha Chi Omega ' . . . announces the pledging of Joan Weist, Connersville.
Prof. 0. F. Hall
... of the history, economics, and government department, spoke at the Michigan state conference of social workers in Detroit, Mich., yesterday. TENNIS Today—1 p. m. i Richards vs. Karnisky. Winner (Mangold vs Schalliol) vs winner (Kirkpatrick vs Osborne).
FRATERNITY GOLF Must be played by October 9 Phi Kappa Sigrma vs Phi Kappa Psi. Alpha Tau Omega vs Winner (Phi Delta Theta vs. Theta Chi).
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
. ExcttMiintl Romance I A greai ' Dog on a Thrill • Packed Crime
WCO RAWO Picture
JAMES ELLISON HOEN WOOD • ROBERT KEHTOUNECUVWORTH "ACE,” WoMltr Dog
■ AN D_
-ALSO-
SUNDAY - MONDAY "MADE FOR EACH OTHER" "BLONDIE MEETS THE BOSS" "MICKEY MOUSE" CARTOON
MIDNIGHT PREVUE TONITE 11;30
’^alt’ll you see fho Cupia-Coach-iitff Barber and Una Penguin Pronrtrter tangle in ihO:Big Show!... Mpfi fun than a Mtiton dollars I,.
\RE
viwb ’
LOSCOt
-TODAY-
)
•'m NAME ONLY” — WITH — CAROLE LOMBARD KAY FRANCIS - CARY GRANT
TODAY only ON STAGE IN PEESON
Seethe o DON GALVIN o TROUBADOR OF THE TROPICS
O NOVAK and FAY o BULLFIGHTERS FROM BROADWAY
• ADMISSION ALL SEATS 25(
12:15 to 1:00
ALL SEATS 30c
1:00 to 2:00
2:00 p. m. to closing 15e — 30c — 40e
» ON SCREEN EDITH FELLOWS IN "Five Litfle Peppers and How They Grew"
Doors Open 12:15 Noon - Stage Shows —2:20-4:45-7:15-9:55 — Last Complete Show At 9:55 —
78
The following CONTRIB is number one for this week and to JOE FABER goes the DOUBLE MARS PASS. Altho we did not publish your first poem, Joe, we are saving it for a later collection entitled “Unpublished Verses” or “Things That Mother Didn’t Read,” Collect your reward at the west desk, Joe (it giveg you another chance to look at the good looking girl you told us about). Flowers to you, Dottie. B & B Dear Blackie, Sonnets From the Wop (Apologies to RB,B.) To My Girl on the Occasion of Our First Fight Shall we allow this petty trifle. Our pure and lovely love to stifle? Gadzooks! and forsooth! it shall not be. Yet thus it seems for all of me. For but a short while we did agree; Two hearts that beat in harmony. But, alas, discord reared it’s ugly head. And now we’re enemies instead. Ah, sweet mystery of life! Far removed from earthly strife. Would that we could call it back; But no! that dizzy goon reads BOLD AND BLACK. B & B Paid Ad: FRANK BYKOWSKI, Sig Pi football flash, is sporting his pin nowadays. Nuff said, gals! Call 7202 . . . Ed’s Note: Where do the boys call the EX - girl friend, FRANK? B & B Exponent Office B & B Dept. Dear B & B: I have a question about the Golddiggers’ Ball.” Do the boys kiss the girls or do the girls kiss the boys good-night after the dance? “WIMPY,” 117 Chauncey St. B & B If we start to give advice of this nature, my dear Wimpy, I’m afraid that we would be swamped with mail and Miss Dorothy Dix would accuse us of stealing her stuff . . .
By Llehly
/0/7
“Pierre tries the most daring experiments—today he used just plain soap and water on me!”
Our advice is for you to kiss her BEFORE the dance and if she likes it enough she will take the aggressor’s position after the dance. (Please keep this on the Q.T.) B & B Well, my little children your editor will put you on your own to make a little dirt for us over the week-end while we are in the library STUDYING. Your B & B leaves you—bound for the B.B.
LU^ — LAST DAY — JOHNNY MACK BROWN — IN — "DESPERATE TRAILS"
—ALSO — FRED STONE — IN — 'NO PLACE TO GO'
SUNDAY - MONDAY SONJA HENIE TYRONE POWER IN SECOND FIDDLE'' —ALSO — ANITA LOUISE CHAS. GRAPEWIN DICK FORAN — IN — "HERO FOR A DAY"
CHILDREN'S DANCING Classes Now Being Organixed BALLET and TAP Children Enrolled In Our Previous Classes Will Be Advanced To Higher Classes. Enroll Saturday, October 7th Junior Ballroom 7 P. M. ALLEN’S 6th and Ferry
—LAST TIMES TODAY—
Youthful and correctly styled, Edgertons will be IT usic to your feet. .. At ^5.00 to 16.50 they’re Real Leaders in shoe values.
Starts TOMORROW
“You’re coming^ back to Bali, baby ...and you’re coming back with me!"
Starts TOMORROW
ri i
X
Saturday. October 7. 1939
j . ✓• _ £xppmnL Spo^^ fijcufSL
H<dderman Paces Thinlies In Practice Head track coach Phillips’ cross country team is preparing for a meet with the Panthers at Pitt on the 14th. Pitt’s victory over the Riveters last year will serve as a stimulus to the* Gold and Black team to bring back a victory from the Smoky City. Last Thursday in a trial' run, Holderman finished the grinding three and onerlialf mile course in 18 minutes, 46 seconds, within a minute of the track record. Freshmen Appleton and Kemp came in second and third, while varsity man Reeves finished fourth. All this freshman talent seems to indicate that Purdue will havh a very strong cross country team next year. In the meantime, I
Papenguth Drills Frosh^ Varsity Swimming Teams With his strenuous program for the development of Boilermaker swimming well underway, Coach Dick Papenguth has turned most of his time over to the grooming of the varsity and fresiiman squads for their coming season. Dick is the first .Riveter aquatic coach who has ever put in full time on swimming activities and he will probably bring about a marked improvement in the performance^f Boilermaker swimmers. Since George Wildhack, ace diver
and co-captain elect, is not in school this year, the captain’s duties will he carried out by John Graham, distance star. Small Turnout Coach Papenguth is discouraged with the small turnout for the freshman squad. He had hoped that,
with the advent of a new coach, more rhinies with swimming ability would be out for practice. However, several frosh who were outstanding performer^ in high school competition are working out in the Pieldhouse pool. An exceptional swimmer in all
1} n
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings Photographers from DexhSmer-Carfon Studios, Indianapolis, will be taking DEBRIS pictures in the DEBRIS Workshop, first door to the left at the top of the stairs on the second floor of the Union Building, starting at 8:00 a. m., Monday, October 9. Every senior has a sitting scheduled for a definite time and will receive a card through the modi telling the exact time of the sitting. DEBRIS editors state that it is very important that each senior report to the DEBRIS Workshop at his appointed time. If it is impossible for him to be there he should notify the DEBRIS office beforehand and make a different appointment. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular DEBRIS pictures and is payable at the time the picture is token.
MONDAY, OCT. 9 9:55 Epple, R.W. 8:45 Luthi, I.G. 1:20 Martin, E. 9:5u McWorkman, W. O. 10:25 Maxwell, K. L. 8:00 Tague, D. 8:05 Tait, N. 4:00 Taylor, F.L 8:10 Terrio, D. 1 ;00 Terstegge, Margaret 8:15 Teske, W. E. 9:00 Tevebaugh, A. D. 10:00 Thatcher, B. D. 10:05 Thegze, V. B. 3:00 Thom, A. N. 9:05 ^Thomas,Josephine 4:05 Thomson, j. H. 11 :00 Thompson, j. L. 10:10 Thomson, M. S. 10:15 Thompson, N. P. 8:20 Thompson, W. P. 8:25 Thrasher, Katherine 8:30 Throckmorton, G. W. 9:10 Throckmorton, R. E. 8:35 Thursby, S. 8:40' Tilt, R. R. 8:50 Todd, H. E. 1 1 :05 Todd, Mary 8:55 Topping, A. D. 10:30 Topping, Mary 4:10 Treka, R. 10:20 Treece, L. L. 9:15 Trefts, G. W. 1 :05 Tresselt, A. R. I 1 :40 Triplett, H. A. 4:15 Troyer, D. R. II :25 Trueman, R. S. 4:20 Truran, G. H. 11:15 Tsang, Chi Mon 9:20 Tugandis, Helen 11:10 Tulley, F. T. 1:10 Turnbell, R. H. 1:15 Ulrich, F.W. 4:35 Ulrich, R.E. 2:35 Umfreys, Phyllis Mae 4:30 Unger, W.E. 9:25 Upson, S. A. 4j25 Utter, D. D. 9:30 Van Ackeren, Sister Eileen 1 :55 Van Horn, j. C. 2:55 Van Landmgham, R. H. 2:00 Van Meter, E. j. I 1 :20 Van Slyke, R. A. 2:05 Van Winkle, R. H. 2:40 Vernon, J. 2:10 Verplank, C. J. 10:35 Viehe, R. W. 4:40 Vinson, F. E. 1 :25 Vogel, A. F. 2:15 Vollmer, F. W. II :30 Von Buelow, R. F. 4:45 Voyles, R. M. 1:30 Vyverberg, R. J.
7m
4;50 Waggle, R. J. 4:55 Wagner, C. D. 1 1 :35 Walker, Georgia 9:35 Walkey, J. 1:35 Wamsiey, D. C. 1:40 Ward, W. A. 11:45 Warner, H. E. 1 1 :50 Watkins, R. E. 1:45 Watson, J. S. 10:40 Weaver, R. H. 10:45 Webb, H. j. 10:50 Webb, josephine 2:30 Weiner, Marjorie 2:20 Weishour, Mary Isabel 1 1 :55 Weldon, T. A. 1 :50 Weldy, S. D. 10:55 Wells, LL 2:25 Wells, S. R. 2:45 Weng, H. C. 2:50 Wetherell, j. E. 3:05 White, j.W. 3:10 Wickard, Betty 3:15 Wildish, M. F. 3:20 Willsey, J. C. 3:25 Wiiking, Virginia 3:30 Willey, N. 3:35 Williams, H. S. 3:40 Williams, J. G. 3:45 Williams, Julia 3:50 Williams, Ruth 3:55 Wilmeth, H. D. 9:40 Wray, E. M. 9:45 Zimmerman, D. G.
TUESDAY, OCT. 10
8:05 8:55 9:20 1 1 :25 1 1 :35 1 :05 4:40 10:50 10:45 4:00 8:00 1 1 :00 8:10 10:00 9:00 1 1 :05 1 1 :10 9:05 9:10 10:05 1 1 :15 4:05 1 1 :20 10.10 4:15 8:15 9:15 4:10 8:20 1 1 :30
Carlson, W. Chenny, T. S. Chevedden, R. T. Clark, C. S. Clark, P. A. Cornell, A. R. Cox, C. W. Czyz, S. I. Daneman, B. Gagen, C. V. Gaines, F. Gale, G. N. Galins, E. W. Garcina, G. M. Gardner, T. L. Garty, K. T. Gaulke, A. V. Gaylord, Rose J. Gehrke, E. J. Geiser, E. M. Geist, J. M. Gentleman, M. J. Gerdmg, R. F. Gershuny, J. W. Gibbs, W. M. Ginder, Frances Gingher, H. R. Glasser, R. Glendening, H. V. Gabeille, W. P.
10:15 Godbey, J. W. 10:20 Goforth, H. F. 4:25 Goings, D. L. 1 :00 Goldsberry, L. 2:00 Goldsberry, W, M. 9:25 Goodin, R. G. 8:25 Goodwin, M. K. 8:30 Gould, Virginia 4:30 Graham, J. U. 4:35 Graham, T. E. 11:40 Gran, Margaret 8:35 Graves, Geo. 1:10 Green, Ed. K. 11:45 Green, J. 1:15 Greenberg, L. F. 10:25 Greenblatt, H. 10:30 Greenburg, J. W. 9:30 Greenwood, D. S. 3:30 Gregory, M. W. 9:35 Grice, W. H. 10:35 Gridley, D. 10:55 Griest, O. F. 1:25 Gross, C. R. 8:50 Gross, Ed. 1:30 Gross, J. E. 4:45 Grove, C. C. 4:50 Grover, E. A. 1 :55 Haag, W. K. 4:55 Haas, R. S. 2:55 Haase, Eleanor 11 :50 Hagemeyer, E. Merle 1:35 Hagen, D. 10:40 Hall, J. 2:50 Hall, R. 3:55 Hall, R. E. 1 :4Q Hall, R. L. 11 :55 Hallett, F. i 1 :50 Hamman, P. 9:55 Hann, E. 3:25 Hannon, Mary 2:45 Hansen, W. 2:05 Hardin, E. 2:10 Harms, V. 3:00 Harper, Helen 2:15 Harper, J. W. 2:20 Harrington, H. 2:25 Harris, J. 2:30 Harris, W.J. 9:40 Hart, L2:35 Hart, W. 8:40 Hartley, D. 8:45 Hartman, D. 2:40 Hartman, F. B. 3:05 Hartman, G. O. 3:10 Harvey, R. 9:50 Haskins, D. 3:15 Hass, Bettie 3:20 Hastings, A. T. 3:35 Hatala, M. 3:40 Havener, L. 3:45 Hawkins, J. 3:50 Haycock, R. 9:45 Hess, L. 1 :20 Ramsay, K. 1 :45 Ray, Willetta 4:20 Welsch, J.
0£jbjUA,
“QomplsdsL (JamfuiiL QovaMqsL'
Frosh Basketball To Start Monday First call for freshman basketball candidates was issued yesterday by Piggy Lambert, varsity basketball coach. The first meeting will be held Monday, October 9, in the Fieldhouse at 3:30 p. m. Dutch Fehring is the regular frosh basketball mentor after the football season closes, D. G. Malco^m, senior basketball manager, said that over 100 men answered the frosh call last year.' free style events and National Junior AAU half-mile champ, Carney will undoubtedly bolster the varsity squad next year. Williamson has turned in several fast times in the breast stroke, proving his ability which was demonstrated when he won that event in the Middle States meet. He also won the Indiana high school championship last year. Christian and McKay, two additional breast stroke stars, finished second and third in the high school meet. Jack Ancker, brother of Clint Ancker, Boilermaker junior swimmer, looks especially fine in the back stroke. He has placed in that event in several Middle State and Indiana meets. Robinson is showing up well in the distance events. Distance swimming has been occupying the entire varsity squad through the early stages of their workouts. All swimmers, dashmen as well as distance men, have been swimming the mile and half mile during practice sessions. The whole team was timed on the half mile last week and Papenguth expects to run time trials in the mile at the end of this month.
Fielder’s Choice By Robert J. Deckard Rolfe Jenkins, chief prognosticator and sports editor of this monumental rag to journalism, and yours truly, FC, stick our necks out today for a potential twin-killing in an effort to forecast the final scores of 19 top-notch football games which will be played this afternoon.
—^fc—
Last week, when he picked nine winners of 20 gridiron affairs, Jenkins came through with a .450 percentage. At first glance the .450 doesn’t seem to be very impressive, but, after further scrutiny of the games, one will find that eight were practically toss-ups, four were upsets, and the remainder was
only a matter of picking the right score.
—^fc— '
This week Red has gone at the problem both tooth and nail. After perusing the 19 game setups and figuring from all angles, Jenkins is not quite so dubious as he was last week. To get somebody else’s view in the forecast, Jenkins asked us to submit our
“guesses.”
Jenkins’ forecast follows: Arkansas 0, Texas Christian 13. California 6, St. Mary’s 7. Chicago 13, Wabash 0. Fordham 20, Alabama 7. Michigan 21, Michigan State 0. Nebraska 0, Minnesota 20. Northwestern l4, Oklahoma 0. Notre Dame 27, Georgia Tech 0. Ohio ^tate 6, Missouri 13. Oregon 19, Stanford 7. Rice 14, Centenary 0. So. California 20, Wash. State 7. Temple 0, Carnegie.Tech 27. Tennessee 26, Sewanee 0. Tulane 13, Alabama Poly 7. Vanderbilt 7, Kentucky 0. Washington U. 7, UCLA 14. Wisconsin 7, Texas 0. Yale 0, Columbia 13.
Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
1 940 RADIOS
CROSLEY ■— ADMIRAL —- SENTINEL
5 Tube Superheterodyne with built in aerial i..
$9.95
7 Tube Crosley with autdfnatic tuning
....$19.95
6 Tube Crosley with automatic tuning
....$14.95
Combinations all prices
Largest stock of radios in Lafayette
C. B. KLIHKER SALES CO.
827-29 Main St. Phone 7950
^toihsHu Society Brand Suits The Mark of Distinction
For young men and men that stay young.
t»C.
Phone 2237
316 State
FC’s forecast follows:
Arkansas 6, Texas Christian 20. California 12, St. Mary’s 7.
Chicago 13, Wabash 7. Fordham 14, Alabama 7.
Michigan 18, Michigan State 6. Nebraska 6, Minnesota 25. Northwestern 19, Oklahoma 7. Notre Dame 19, Georgia Tech 0.
Ohio State 7, Missouri 7. Oregon 14, Stanford 6. Rice 13, Centenary 6.
So. California 12, Wash. State 7. Temple 0, Carnegie Tech 19.
Tennessee 40, Sewanee 0.
Tulane 30, Alabama Poly 0. Vanderbilt 19, Kentucky 6. Washington 13, UCLA 12.
Wisconsin 7, Texas 12. Yale 0, Columbia 6.
Racquet Wielders Reach Conclusion Of Class Tourneys With tennis weather giving way to climate more suitable for football, the campus racquet wielders are winding up their respective class tournaments. |*lay has been completed in the freshman and sophomore divisions, with the jun-ior-senior meet scheduled to close after one more match. Stettner emerged victorious in the freshman tournament by winning over Hensey in the final round. Hensey was his sixth victim. In the final match of the sophomore division, Mangold defeated Lovett, his fifth opponent, to reign as champion of the second-year men. Fred Richards and Joe Karnisky will battle it out this afternoon to decide the winner in the junior-sen-ior classic. Both have previously vanquished their first four opponents and it remains to be seen which one of them will come to the front in their championship battle. Richards is also competing in the final round of the all-campus tourney, and a double victory would be a feather in his cap. All-campus golf will also draw to a close sometime in the early part of next week, as will the inter-fra-ternity tournament. Phi Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Psi, and Alpha Tau Omega remain in the tournament, with the winner between Theta Chi and Phi Delta Theta also a contender.
YOyR FORTUNE’S JUST AROUND THE CORNER!
MOTMIES1« AOST STYLES •4 B S W SHOE CO. 121 North Fourth St.
Jt, ■'THE PURDUE EXiPONENT
Saturday# October 7# 1939
Debris Editorial Staff; Effective Monday, October 9, workshop will be temporarily located in basement room next to barber shop. Important all members report. —WILLIAMSON.
a make up class In swimming for all those students who missed the first class or those who wish extra.help, on Monday, October 9, at 4 p. m. —CASE;
Christian Science Orgranization: Due to the convocation, a special meeting will be held on Tuesday, October 10, at 7 p. m. in room P of the Union. —FRANTZEEB.
6:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Discussion Group; Several upperclassmen will speak on, “Why I Am a Christian.” Paul Godfrey will conduct the devotional period. Purdue Christian Foundation Hubert Reynolds, pastor, 126 Chauncey. In First Christian Church, Sixth ahd North streets, Lafayette. 9:30—Student Class; Mrs. Reynolds teaching, “The Christian Family.” 10:40—Church Service; Doyle Mullen pi’eaching, “Our Church in Our Day.” 5 p. m. (not 5:30);—^Vespers. 5:30—Recreation and getting acquainted with visiting De Pauw students. 6:00—Supper, 20c jier person. 6:30—Drama, parts of “Victoria Regina” by De Pauw students.
114 Co-op: All committees, be ready to report at shareholders meeting, 9 a. m., Saturday morning, October 7. —HITCHCOCK.
Newman Club: Meeting and' breakfast for all Catholic students Sunday, October 8, at St. Mary's auditorium immediately after the 9:30 mass. All urged to attend. —MONSON.
Senators: All those planning to attend the picnic to be held Sunday, October 15, please sign up in senate office immediately. —ESTEY.
Senior Public Service Engineers: Meet Monday, October 9, at 4 o’clock in Conference room, Administration building. —KNAPP.
Freshman Engineers: Meet for Engineering Lectures Saturday, October 7, at 8 o’clock by schools# Students whose names begin with A.to E inclusive,, room 201, Civil Engineering building. F to Le inclusive, room 101, Michael Golden Shops. Le to R inclusive, room 254, Electrical Engineering building. S to Z inclusivenpom 129, Electrical Engineering buildingif —KNAPP.
.Roger Williams Club : Those wishing to go to the picnic at Big Rock should meet at the West Lafayette Baptist Church at 1 p, m., Saturday, October 7. Transportation will be provided. —FORD.
Tan Beta Pi: Short but important organization meeting at 7 p. m., Tuesday, October 10, in the Union reception room. —CATTERALL.
Girl’s Singles Tennis Tournament: These girls have not played first t.ronnd playoff games. The games should be played inune-' diately. They are: A. Specter vs. S. Emhoff 7 B. Swift vs, T. Decker; B. Kirkhoff vs. N. Cooper; M. White vs. V, Engenbright: and J;\Morris vs. R, Foland. (10-7) —WALKER. Outing Club: Bicycle hike to Cary Camp Sunday, October 8. Meet at Carter’s Bicycle Shop at 12:80. Bring 20 cents for food. Special rates on bicycles. Call Jeanette Morris, 2480, by Friday evening, October 7, for reservations. —HARRISON.
Pi Tan Sigma : Important meeting Monday, October 9, reading room, ME building. All members are urged to attend -for so? lection of pledges. ' —EILBRING.
CE 41: An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in room 203, CE building, from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, October 28. —GREVE.
Radio Club: Meeting at 7:30 p. m., Tuesday, October 10, in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering building. Bring pencil and paper. —PATTERSON.
Riding Club: All men;ibers going to Indianapolis meet in Union at 7 p. m. Sunday, October 8. Members who have not made arrangements to go may,do so by calling J. D, Meyer at 5085 before Friday night. —MEYER.
Senior and Junior Military Students: Sign payi’oll in Armory office immediately,: Delay in signing means delay in receiving pay. (10-10) —ADJUTANT.
Gold Peppers: Call for your bate at SonGlworth’s. (10-8) —MITCHELL. M. E. Students: Fees for memberships in the Purdue student branch of the ASMB may be paid in the Mechanical Engineering office on the second floor of the M. E. building. , (1015) —BRYAN.
Subscribe To The Exponent
Scrivener Club: Meeting/at 7:30 p. m., Sunday, October 8, at 202^WaIdron St. —MUNRO.
Camera Club: Those taking pictures at varsity vs. freshmen game meet me at 1:46 at gate 1 at the stadium. —HEDDEN.
Weight Lifting and Body Building Club: All members please be present at a meeting Saturday, October 7, at -3 p. m. —JOHNSON.
Senior Women: Important meeting today, October 7, at 1 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Union. Price of corduroy jackets .will he decided upon. I —ZIMMERMAN.
Band Freshmen: Freshman band will play for the Freshman-Varsity game today, October 7. All freshman members of the Purdue Band, who will be in town, will report to the Armory at 1:45 p. m. No uniforms, but wear your pots. —EMRICK.
Christian Student Fellowship: Group meetings on Monday evenings for the rest of the semester at 7 :30 in Union Building. (10-12) —BURBRINK. Phi Lambda Upsiion: All actives who wish to order keys this semester see E. Nelson in room 114 of the Chemistry building by Saturday, October 7. —SCHRADER.
Modern Dance: Junior Modern Dance meets every Tuesday and Thursday at 4 :00. Senior Modern Dance group meets every Wednesday at 7 :15 and every Friday at 4. (10-12) —KNIGHT.
Hydraulics (C. E. 41): An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in room 203 of the C. E. building from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, October 28. —GREVE.
PEW: All freshman and sophomore women who expect to obtain license in physical education are required to attend a meeting on Monday, October 9, at 5 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —HAZELTQN.
Classified Ads
ROOMS FOR RENT SINGLE ROOM, also double room with single beds. Tile bath and shower. 215 Sheets, „
PEW Swimming Classes: There will be
Roger Williams Club: Cabinet meeting at 140 S. Grant at 6 p. m. for supper Tuesday, October 10. —GLEASON.
FOR RENT—Double room. Single beds. 122 Pierce St. Phone 7764.
TWO newly decorated, nicely furnished students rooms, adjoining bath. 264 Lincoln St., West Lafayette, Ind. 71681.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—One raccoon coat, as good as new. Call 7409.,
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main Street.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTED—Roommate for sophomore student in large front room. 139 S. Grant.
NOTICES
Gimlet Pledges: All Gimlet pledges be at football field at 1 o’clock. —PERRINE.
WAA Mixed Doubles Tennis Tonmainent: These people have not played first round playoff games. The games should be played immediately. They are: Jane Fishliegh and Gobeille vs. Marjorie Ward and Swing; also Louise Thomas and Duncheck vs. Eleanor Harrison and Bibbin. (10-7) —WALKER. £
There Are Several Reasons Why you should have your clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly— But one is enough. You improve your personal appearance. f' i N E C L E A^N E R S O F F I N E C L O T H' E S
Destined to turn each occasion intx) an event. These glamorous new models were created for "you" to make you look your very best. We've a whole collection of these "toques" to see you smartly to your most important engagement.
CONSUMER'S Millinery
313 Columbia
Phone 2207
Don’t Gamble With Youi School Spirit Invest h all on our Boilermakers and watch it gather interest. Perhaps we did take a slight loss last week but we promise youil realize your full profit before the season ends.
Peter indersesi lirage
525 Alabama 24 Hour Service
Phone 4048 After You We Come First
More Heat
No Clinkers
DEEM Low Ash , ' •
|VEIN
No Soot
Stoker Coal a Specialty
7% Ash—B.T.U. 12.500 North Star Coal
Co.
Phone 2405
308 Brown
Service Fit for a King Put all your driving cares into the hands of our courteous drivers and relax. Prompt, amiable service assured at all times.
5023
YELLOW CAB
3071
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Hardware
• School Supplies
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
\ .
• Dine
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• jewelers
• Tailor
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts,
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
• Tin Shop
, John Balkema Tin Shop Tin Work of All Descriptions 104 Main St. Phone 6852
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phona 6050
• Professional
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Risk Dental Clinic dr. PAUL. A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
rr