JN
NUMBEB 148
'
mrf!T.
“•^‘1 ( >t«(s*'i ^ {)" '*-' 'r ‘'■'^'^",;i i'','■■ i-i ■‘I, j---'f '''■j, f1 fill" ^'"'a! £^^'(J*5i.i^"/''{[»iii>'i.*#T^i!®8Sl5 * 'i
I i " ^
7 -.
PlaysKop Dti^ts Gq Q|i Sal0 In Lobi^ Mon^^ Tickets for Moj^er’s Day production,' “The Roihantic Yoimg Lady”, which will he given osn the Jefferson high school stage at 8:30 o’cloclt next Friday and Satur^y, •will gA on tnln in the Memotinl T|Jnion lobby at 4 o’clock Monday afternoon.
iPoit
Prop \ Twelve Piece Orchestra Features Swoo^, Sophisticated Bh^lhiii Ghatlie Bqnlangee ipd hie tw^^ jkiece NBC orchestra will play for tie post-Prom mixer tonight in the tlnion ballroom from 9 to 12 o’clock, ^e dehee it pot restricted and hn'^ derelasshien may ettendi The price o| adndW'^ ^it 1^ PP© '^llf^^ :, f Noted Violinist",;;;i'; jSotdaPger is a npte^ frequently pauses while eonducting the orchestra to present his o'wn special rendition on his violin. In contrast to Benny Goodman, who appeared here last night, Boulanger is an advocate/of the smooth, sophisticated rhythm and popular-classical s|yle« ISe lips become very popular with Chicagoans while fulfilling his ehgaffeinentatihe Oriental
Qold & Black Aeea^Siu^ dent Talent in B^l~ room At 2:1 S Today Mpsie by iSeP, Ebspsch^ Opd his Gold and Blpek ^e^s, free end entertaihineei by pppplpt eptrt--pus stars vdll be featured on the “Caratpus Variety Hour”, a special broadcast originating in the Membipal Union bellrGom iWs aj^ernoon
at 2:16 o’clock.
, CaPMiius tplepti to be^^i^ the program include: Bill and Howard Keenan, piano and sax duet; Dick Linville and Kay Cardan, tap dance team; “The Collegiate Pour”, Pat Haywood, Bud Bryant, Bill Douglas Joe SViend, and Dick Linville, Jan Nilson, Bob E^or and
Fred Ahrens.
The program is under the joint supervision of WBAA and the Student Union. No admission, will be charged and dancers will act as a “studio audience”.
“Swing’’-- Brilliant —Activity—Booths-^Refresh-pientSyHard ^,Sqfp-^^^rm0i^ ■By E. Morris
einoten
ed supreme as into its strides
ehestra in the climax of the 1&S6 social season at Purdue. Bril■harit activity was echoed and re-ech,QCd fy(^ A
Memi^ial feuildihgr 8^
Civil Seniors Accept Jobs . Sixteen civil engineering seniors will start to work for the Indiana state highway commission and the Wabash Railroad Monday, according to Prof. W. K. Hatt last night. Men working for the highway department will be engaged in road construction, while those employed by the railroad will begin survey work on a project for the elimination of the Monon tracks, moving them alongside thp Wabash tracks which would be elevated.
the CQuplea swayed
The tehipeyaluye w^s ^ cqecfiiigly huijicdd on account of the
Goodnwin’a
swn|]^g^'benf?oaehtdy,f% found it difficult to keep cool aad complacent, since scrolling in the rain was out qf the question. Forming at U:39, the grand march, led by ‘'hefty” Martin and Miss Mary Hunt, progressed around the room. So much confusion reigned that the photographers wcr® unable to secure a, picture of the march and the music had to he halted in order that the above photograph could be taken. Stairway Not Used Amplifiers were placed at strategic spots in the building to'enable those seeking refreshments to enjoy the music. The ballroom decorations consisted of a stairway, which was not used because of the poor pro-. tection afferded by tbd dnPy ^aih
panels, in paaibi blue hbd wbite. Udbiug a Mief ebuyersatipn
Helen Ward, the lovely 21-year-old vocalist with the orchestra, it was leafned-’tbeffeth^ attendied New York University, but left in her sophomore year to take up a singing career. She was featured as /vocalist ;'W^h 7.,such -vi^lAndwn/.ca^ ches.tras.:au'(tRoae'of .Dtn.eblb,. ftubenoff, and Hensic Madrignera. Uelen has been with Benny Goodman for the past year and a half, and her favorite song is “AH My Life”. She says that, “Benny’s is my favorite band* not because I sing with him, but because I really like
his type of music best/'
Benny Goodman and his pacemakers of modem rhythm pre engaged to play for the Junior Prom at Indi-
ana University n^
and will go from there to the Indiana Roof, in Indianapolis, on Saturday.
Breakfasts
Special Urona bewMasts^ w given at the Women*s Residence Hall, Alpha Chi Omega, Alpha Xi Bieltb*^ Omega, and
Boilermakers Meet
ChJ^
Second Of Twin s:AtMedcW^z:\ By R. F. Obenehain. Gaptain“Punchy” Bell will lead his Sophomore-Junior combination against the Frpsh squad this afternoon at ? u’cle^ as p^t of the athT letic double-header to be staged in the-3oos^nn'Sta'®univ:7-' ■7^;' A psg Ten dual track mieet, hetweentfe^lerma^rS and ?iucago track squad to be run off at 4 o’clock, is the otbe? half of the tsun bill arranged for Purdue fans this
afternoon.
Try To Repeat The first year men will be striving to repeat the pe^orman^S pf last year’s Frosh squud in defeating the (Continued on page a>
ing on the sides, and modernistic Theta sorority houses this morning.
Conation Impi^ves Slightly . . A.:7M.^ /“Casny” :'*^asteen,,;assoK-’ Ciate editor qf the Exponent w^ slightly improved last night, according to officials of the Home hospital where he is being treated. This was. the first improye^^ nd<M since he was taken to the hospital
[Am
PIabs Comedy “international Night”, p threeact musical comedy, will be presented by members df the University Cosmopolitan club in the Memorial tinioh bailroom night at 7;3l9 otBlo(d£. dongs; cqslnme^ ar^ ;<kincuk^^uf' ■ a^nhBouv./nationadtiea will be presented in both their old and modern ways. Tickets are on sale at a special desk in the Union lobRy evm:y afternoon from 1 to 6 o’clock. General admission is 26 cents, reserved seats are 48 cents. A, F. Futooheq is in charge of the production.
Triumph Scored Over Forty Other hi Thr^Mile Parade Repeating its perfornumee of last
'71
Rand in the Papade’\ it was a»> nonneed yesterday. About 48 other bands, indudlif^ the Indiana University Band anicl the University oif Kentucky Band, were entered in tha competition. ^ The parade, •which took place on
was nearly
miles in length and contained over .
a hundred beautiful floats. The band
was accorded a tremendoua ovationlli*i
«(ieSut»M.«»»»”'"»
]t«ittMr;«( MaSiMiirt ©9l!» : /:;'*KdttriV»lr‘S<W8«« AiitssrtiMsig .Berriee, Ine. ' 43« Ma^Usoa Avenn*. New Y«»fe Ci<g
iBntend m eeeoitd eieee miityr ei sbet W :;iuil. ISAO per year; MiTecad by cartrier, $2.60 per ye^ s i
indiaiiifc'‘\ IDeiivenisd W.
eq!pyi;S^::o«»fefcv:;,,^
I'. ii'|j'
Borihcm Plu^ 60BS
HAJK OFFlCN^te NbiHth: Fifth Street
Bditort^ PliMM 6017
/Daily ' StMcaai. Bmftllgatloffi M Pagdaie-.-tlmiyegSity::/
Bditor*ih'*Cbief« ' JfianagistK Bdttor-
BPiTOsiAi. itiJiP
Aetociate. Jlditon..
Nditor-
iAa^iato r
_C. Hi Cbmpb^ ..A.;.M,;tJhasteeii.. C.M.. Hardin,
W. T.Hnhti H. H. MofflrtB. 'at H.- y^br
' JM, ;B.v.HayB
lF."MaiOt. Hi WolpoK JL^ Di . Weod Samette. j. E. Brock, A. H. Ppreatar.
9fetaNBhi....i_—A. Barnette, „ a Harpeor, Jr., R. P, Mimibni O. L. Sadler, R. C. Schenk, JiJU Ton^ HaM Bold and Black *• Abbott
BIJBINESB STAFF
; Ai^ertteitfgrl - Adrertbiliig AseiataBtsOirenlstioffi Manager-., . drenlation Aasistanta-
W. A. Ko^
.JH. F. Antoiini Li* H. Brown, R. Greek, B. C. Miller
-...R, J. Hnlsa
.J. G. Girard, 6. R. Shields
WOMAN’S STAFF
• Joyce WilUaniB
Aas(»iate SditozB^ Advertiaihg ManagerSophoniore .ABeiBtants-
-Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann
-Josephine Perkins
•Jean Brown, Jean janousek,; Marjorle-Louis/; Doris Ellen McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke, Esther Turley
Saturday, May 2, 1936, Issue Editor—H. N, Behreiuds,
Research And Instructors Chicago University’s president, Eobert Hutchins, took time out last week to return to Yale for a series of addresses in which he told his Alma Mater what was wrong with the country’s system of education. Among the things which he mentioned was the relation between research and teaching. Faculty members more interested in research than in teaching, he said, should be shunted off to special research institutes, set free to explore fundamental problems in metaphysics, social science, and natural sciences. His statement should strike home at Purdue. Although some members of the faculty dispute the worth of combining research with classroom work, few if any would failto agree with the fact that an over-exaggeration on the performance of experiHiental work must necessarily reflect in a lacking in classroom efficiency on the part of the instructor. Embryo en^neers are subjected, in the case of one or more departments in the University, to members of the staff who ate teaching to live, but Who are living to experiment. President Hutchins’ remarks are well taken; The next thing we would like to hear is how the millions necessary for the maintenance of such “institutes” are to be obtained.
Fathers send their sons to college either because they went to college or because they didn’t.—Dean L. L. Hendren, University of Chicago. Dance Bands And Swing Benny Goodman and his orchestra brought with them the reputation of being America’s foremost “swing” band, a title which only recently has achieved any significance. “Swing” has definitely permeated dance music for 1936; it will be a decisive factor in determining the outstanding hands for the year. Back in the “flapper ’20’s jazz—wild, uncontrolled, blary— ruled supreme. Then came the depression; people stopped to thii^; they wanted soft; dreamy music, and then—’Wayne King, to Garber, Guy Lombardo arrangements held the nation’s favor. Now good times are~ returning, the public once more wants to be amused, they want to push the “last valve down”, and jazz is coming into its own, slightly subdued, changed, even renamed, but undeniably jazz, and we have the Benny Goodmans, Jimmy Luncefords, and Glen Grays “swinging” to the fore. Swing music is definitely “in”, anyone familiar with dance rhythm can recognize it. Critics say it will not last, that it is only a novelty of the moment. Certain it is that“swing” is popular now; it can hardly become otherwise as long as there are people who enjoy music that is more than just a melody. —G. L. S.
It seems a curious _ save the lives of two men imprisoned in a mine and then wage a war in which thousands are killed.—Cmciniiati Bearcat.
QUIT SQUAW MAN '•Chief” Hudgins, of the S. A. E. tribe> was giveu a warrior’s reception when he returned to the house after greeting hi^ import, “Squaw WMtehope” from Kansas. The tribesmen had erected an Indian -tepee pn/the; frpht/lawtti/emlil^ with/the: si^j-‘‘tV^lccme h^c, Chie^ Hudgins and Squaw WMtehope”. Bttt^ that ain’t all . . ; wheh they got in the honse, yipping warriors gave them a savage Meeting while More Bull Drake grunted a speech in Indian telling them how to keep their wigswarm. “TARIFP-IRMA?” After siirveying the never ending lin^e of imports checking in at the Union desk yesterday afternoon, W. S. G. A. big wigs put two and two together and decided to pass a “How-TheyrSmoOtch” tariff against all imports. Too late .. . Prom-Puss Martin let one help him lead the grand gallup last nite . . . “WEDDIN’T KNOW!” ....If “(Joodman” wasn’t the “best man” at the Prom, who was? He woulda “Ben” if “Helen Wardn’t’ there.' . ' ‘ETHIOPIA .PREPARES FOR LAST STAND” . . . it’s a wonder those Italians wouldn’t “Muscle-
inny”.
WE .DON’T CONVINCE The “Spectooter” still wonders who wears the pants in the SachsWynn combination, in spite of yesterday’s Exponent. Don’t “spite” us, we can’t “spite” hack. ‘Booty” Abbott was looking under all the tables last nite tryin’ to find someone to have a party with. The boy sure is popular . . . even drunks gave Mm a “cold” shoulder. His one “Friend” was put! , HEAR YE? HEAR. YE ' So that our illustrious scribe of yesterday’s Bold and Black shall not be disappointed, we rise to Ms razz in indignation, to proclaim that 50 per cent of the Alpha CM chapter was present ... with dates .. . at the junior Prom of 1936.—Advertisement. , ADD LAST LINES \ That blind date turned out to be all I expected .. . and worse. See you all at the free dance plus entertainment in the ballroom this afternoon at 2:15. Grab your import, a bromo, and swing it. —very hold— Editor’s Note: There are 13 good (?) puns in this yere coll-yum. The Doublemint for this week goes to the first man who can catch ’em all. Some pun(ishment), eh keed?
” -Jr I WBAA To Conflnae Traffic Broadcasts'' Gcntinuing the Campaign ipt hatw ter driving, WBAA will resume its broadcasts of interviews with motorists from various street corners in Lafayette "and West Lafayette. These programs will be presented on Mondays and Wednesdays from 1:30 to 1:46 in cooperation with the Lafayette police department.
Color Posters Co Oil Exhjlbit Applied pesigD Work Shown In Ross Bldg; Posters of original colors for textile designs and a variety of other subjects made by the freshmen in Applied Design ^2 are now on dis-
Ik.
Expect 4,000 At Open House Visitors, expected to number at least 4,000, will witness^^^^^^^^ sity in / “dress parade’’ at ihe air nual open house pext Wedhesday night from 7 iSO till 10 o’clock. The schools of pharmacy and science will join -with the engineering schools in presenting exhibits and demonstra
tionis for the; visitors.
The pharmacy exhibits include demonstrations in the manufacture of pharmaceutical preparations, model apothecary, and a pharmacetitical museum. The school of science will have air chemistry and physics laboratories in operation as well as exhibits in the Biology Building. Michael Golden Shops wiU be in operation Wednesday night with a demonstration being given in the foundry. Visitors to the machine shop will be given a souvenir. The public is invited to attend the affair, no charge being made for admission.
remain in the gallery for approximately three weeks. Some of the outstanding, works exhibited include a study of a navy pier in blue, green, and white with the lettering in white cording. Another poster titled “Fawn” has a red background with gold stars over two black fawn. Pottery is featured in brown with; colorful desigris eni; phasizing the various pieces of clay; A bright red hat with a contrasting band of green is shown on a model with yellow hair as/ an advertisehient “Henri's Hht^op’’.
SUNDAY . MONDAY
Co-eds Will Model Garments In Style Show Next Satiirday Next Saturday morning, from 10:30 to 11:30 o’clock there will be a style show in the Home Economics Auditorium showing work done by students this year in their clothing classes. The show is given as a part of the Mother’s Day celebration for
visiting mothers.
The following students Will model their garments: Mary Bell, Janet Calvin, Ruth Christophersen, Mary Dix, Barbara Harrison, Regina Kelly, Esther Mitchell, Mildred McGehee, Elizabeth Ross, Mary Tyner, Ruth Anspach, Ruth Grimm, Jean Hanley, Jean Harker, Sally McKee, Betty Simpson, Jane McCoy, Janet Forgy, Autumn Thatcher, and
Eliizabeth Painter.
UNiVEESITY / CALE
'Today;'
Football, Varsity vs. Freshmen; Ross-Ade Stadium, 2 p, m. Variety Hour Broadcast, Union ballroom, 2:30 p. m. Track Meet, Purdue vs. Chicago, Ross-Ade Stadium, 4 p. m. Dance, Union ballroom, 9-12 p. m. Charley Boulanger’s Orchestra.
Monday ■
Sigma Xi Meeting, Union facultylounge, 7:30-l0 p. m. . , Tuesday./' Forestry Club, Hort Building, room 301,7-10 p. m.
... R imping' 'tK a in«A him today* flwniaalieatlllhesl
/tfiilire/
PLUMBING ; AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werklioff. Compaiiy Phone 8882
MQM’s D.ramatDe'l9o^ EXCIUSIV
M^ga EVANS r StuartE^/ Robert Barrat * Jo»epli Cell^a LAST' TIMEh today , ■, DOUBLE FEATURE. : CHFSTEB MORRIS “Three Goiffathers” ' , ■ .and ■ LEW AYRES . • : fa/’. “Panic on the AiF’
SUBSCRIBE FOR TTIE EXPONENT
Starts TOMORROW
Piratlipn. Pirathon fraternity announces the pledging of M. A. Myers, Pendleton. The University of Detroit plans to dedicate a campus tree to TJie memory of Joyce Kilmer, war-time
poet.
WITH OTHER EDITORS
Boys’Views Of Jobs
(Evansville Courier) . . .
Surprising answers were given the other day by members of the Boys club of New York City to the question, “If you could have your choice of all the jobs in the world, whose job would you want?” The ten highest, in order of their preference were: Robert Ripley, the believe-it-or-not man; J. Edgar Hoover, of the department of justice; James Cagney, motion picture “gangster” and “G-man”; baseball pitcher “Dizzy” Dean; tfie metropolitan police commissioner; Jack Dempsey, former heavyweight champion; President Roosevelt; King Edward VIII of England; Mayor La Guardia of New York ; and Walter Winchell, gossip columnist. Among the other jobs receiving scattered votes were those of Mussolini, Admiral Byrd, Bobby Jones, Bill Tilden, Freddie Bartholomew, Eddie Rickenbacker, Colonel Lindbergh, and Vice President Gamer. ' The reasons given for some of the choices were revealing. The boys did not care to be President, because “he is only sure of his job for four years,” because his work is “too tough”, and so on. Ripley was first choice because “he meets interesting people and freaks”, “he gets around a lot”, “he is so busy with his radio speeches, drawings and trips that he doesn’t have time to get into mischief.” Youngsters apparently wHnt jobs that combine Variety and interest with security. Glamor, thrills and glory don’t appeal
if security is lacking.
Overheard in a chicken incubator: “Come on fellows, let’s
go; last one out is a rotten egg.”—Panther.
A loud-speaker system has been installed for test in the house of representatives. You may choose your own metaphor.
Buff alo Courjer-ExpresA
Woman’s place is in the home, but who has ever been able to put a woinan in her place?—-The Argonaut.
Ags Work On Egg Exhibits Over 30 dollars is offered in cash and merchandise to winners in the student classes of the Purdue Eg-g Show, to be held in the Poultry Building next week in connection with the 4-H club round-up. Entries may he made in brown and white egg classes for freshmen and sophomores and in a combined: class for juniors and seniors. They will be accepted until 10 of clock Thursday morning. May 7. The show, strictly an educational exhibit, is a student activity, carried on by students in the school of agriculture under the faculty supervision of Prof. E. E, Schnetzler, of the poultry department. Officers for this year’s show are: M* V. Flock, manager; E. W. Anderson, assistant manager; J. W. Townsend, chairman of the awards committee; L. 0, Buxton, chairman of the exhibits committee; and L. H. Thie and S. B, Swann, co-chairmen of the publicity
committee.
team to Dance By Enrolling' in Onr New Beginner’s Class Tonight, 7:00 p. m. Phone 2160
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
EXTRA POPEYE CARTOON
LAST TIMES TODAY
Watson WiU Address Producers’ Council Frank Watson, director of the.
University Housing Reseairch Project, will discuss the prese0 housing situation in the United States, as principal speaker at the annual dinner of the producers’ council. The dinner will be held at Old Point
Comfort, Virginia, Tuesday.
. . _
SmYSH£'Si mu HA D /
UAm
EXTRA Musical Revtte MICKEY MOUSEBoilermaker Biroris
Slugging Of Bloomington Batters Accounts For Lop-Sided Score Indiana made a clean sweep of fheir two-game series with the Boilermaker squad at Bloomington by winning the second game yesterday 9 to 1. Indiana has won all four of their Big Ten conference games and are at the top of th^ League, Hard hitting on the part of Indiana batters combined with' Boilermaker errors accounted for ’ the great diff^ence in the scores. Indiana/ led by feaise, who hit iddee time« in three times at the plate, made ttins in the first, secend, sixth, and seventh inhings. Cpimspn battersi helped by Purdue errors, made a big inning out of the sixth and drove pitpher SEartin to the showers. Battz, who replaced hith, was nicked for four runs in the seventh. Purdue’s lone run came in the eighth inning when Mitchell Scored on Mangas’ single. Mitchell, pinch hitting for Moser, hit a single into left field. Lucas then was safe when Holmquist, Crimson third sacker, muffed a hard hit ball. Mangas canie up to the plate and knocked a single over Baise’s head into right field.
BOX SCORE
INDIANA
AB R H
o
A B
Thompson.
.6
1 2
2
6 0
Hobson
..;.....8
1 0
0
0 0
B. Grieger ;......
; ..4
2 2
6
1 0
Clark
2 - 2
8
0 0
Holmfiuist
8
1 1
0
0 1
Baise—
„.....;8
1 8
16
0 0
Wahl :
........8
11
1
0 0
Abernathy ......
4
0 0
1
1 1
L. Grieger
.......4
0 0
0
4 0
Totals
.„...82
9 11 27
12 2
PURDUE
AB R H
0
A E
Malaska
6
0 0
1
0 1
Moser
........8
0 0
8
0 1
Lucas
...8
0 2
1
1 2
Young ..... ;
........4
0 1
12
0 0
Mangas
.8
0 1
U
0 0
Sines
4
0 0
2
1 0
Rosser
.4
0 0
1
8 1
Krause
3
0 1
4
0 0
Martin
.1
0 1
0
2 0
Bartz .:
1
0 1
0
0 0
♦Mitchell
........1
1 1
0
0 0
•♦Klika ......;
.......A
0 0
0
0 0
Totals
......88
1 8 24
7 B
Score by innings: Purdue ................ Indiana ....i........ Two base hits-
.. .000 000 010—1 8 4 .... ....210 002 40x—^9 11 2 -Clarlc, 2; Tnompson, 2
Runs batted in, Clark, 2; Raise, S, Grieger, 2; Wahl; Mangas". Double plays—Young to Sines; TTbiompson to Abernathy to Raise. Sacrifice hits—Martin. Walked by: Martin, 2 ; by Grieger, 2. Hit batte^ Grieger. Pass ball, Krause. Strike outs by Grieger, 6; Martin, 4. Left on base—Indiana 4; Purdue 8. Ratted for Moser. ** Ratted for Lucas.
ALL CAMPUS GOLF
Men interested please pay 10 cents entry fee in intramural ofiice. Tourney will start soon so sign up as quickly as possible.
We make application plofairea .for fl.SK per dozen. Spedal price on lota of ffifty or more.
106 Vine SL
W. Smfasretto
Ward Trackmen To Compete Monday Ward trackmen will compete fin the annual interward track meet next Monday at 4 o’clock at the Ross-Ade stadium. Persons interested in entering the meet can do so by reporting to the clerk of courts, before the events. The con-, ference order of events will be followed. The first events scheduled by the intramural department are the high juihp, pole vault, and shot put, afid vifiji start ht 4^
Busy Sports Week Ahead To Play DePauw, Wab- : : ash, ern^ Piirdue athletes have a busy weekeihd ahead of them next we0k in the form of track meets, baseball games, golf and tenfiis matches. The week’s activities will be launched at home Monday afternoon in the fourth tilt of the Wabash series, which has been mbVed up from Wednesday,: as originally scheduled, in order to avoid conflicts, The tilt with the Little Giants will mark the first of ten straight home games which will bring: the Purdue diamond schedule to a close. Indiana will be here Friday and Saturday to renew the Hodsier civil warfare. Track Team The track team faces an unusually heavy schedule at home with a dual meet with DePauw on Wednesday to be followed by a colorful triangular meet on Saturday that will throw the Boilermakers against Northwestern and Indiana. Coach Latry LaBree’s tennis squad will |tieet Notre Dame here Wednesday before invading Michigan over the week-end for tilts with the Wolverines and Western State; while the golf squad will meet the Irish links artists on Saturday at South Bend in their lone engagement of the week.
Go-eds Cdebrate Second Residence Hall Birthday Co-eds at the Women’s Residence Hall celebrated the second birthday of the hall yesterday at-lunch; birthday cakes with two candles were placed oh each table. Two years ago yesterday the ground' was broken for. the housing project that has marked a new step in the University’s program, for co-eds.
Golfers Meet U* Of Detroit Here Today Bixler Announces Purdue Lineup; Chicago Match Postponed Purdue’s golf squad will play its second home match of the week here today on the West Lafayette Country club course as the Boilermakers meet the University of Detroit links artists. ^ . Coach Jack Bixler announced last night that in the morning’s best ball foursome matches Freese and David will form one Purdue team, with Blank and Newman as the second combination. In the afternoon fin^ dividual matches, Lockwddd/ Smith; aiM DtfijelboWer will ida^ with the fourth man to be selected from the morningn quartet. It was also announced last night that the Big Ten match scheduled for Monday mth^^^^G^ been; indefinitely jpostponed owing to an automobile accident in Which the Marppn golfers were involved.
^ ^ -f
■f 4- 4 -BASEBALI4 4 4 4" 4 4
4 4 4
4 4 4
Monday, May 4 Diamond 1— ^Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Pirathon; 2— Acacia vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 3— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Tau Epr silonPhi. j 4— Pi Kappa Phi vs. Tau Kappa Ep--silon. . 5— ^Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma Nu. 6— Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Phi Sigma Kappa.
By Associated Collegiate Press Baltimore; Md.—Definite and final discontinuance of football as an intercollegiate sport has been announced by University of Baltimore authorities in what some observers believe to be a significant straw ™ the wind, indicative perhaps of ultimate abandonment pf the spprt by all colleges. “Money usually spent on the football Squad,” said Vice-President Brpwn in explanation of the step, “will instead be reverted to providing a Recreation Center for the student body and faculty of the University, as well as a more extensive student intramural activities program. “The Recreation Center has been a topic of discussion for some time and the Board of Trustees decided that it would W better to provide recreational facilities for the student body as a whole, instead of continuing football for a very small minority of students. From these innovations, a greater number will derive a more important educational and fraternal benefit.” All 1936 gridiron games were cancelled. The University administration had in mind the will of a majority of Baltimore students when it took the step, said an editorial in the Baloo, weekly paper. Increased intramural facilities and emphasis on tennis and baseball are expected to offset the loss of football for the most pf the student body.
LAWN MOWEES Sharpened and repaired. New and used mowers. Prices on new Bearing: Mowers $5.25 and np. Mowers called tar and deliTetad. Fo Jos. MulMupt :& Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafasrrttab Ind.
LYLEE.FBSHER Watchniakisr i This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace, Block 822 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
Wisconsin Boating Team Wins Mythical Championship Madison, Wis—(ACP)—The University of Wisconsin boxing team, defeated but once in four years, again took possession of the mythical national championship this week as the result of a severe 6% to 2% drubbing handed to Penn State, Eastern champs. The Penn mittmen, accustomed to the Eastern style of boxing for points, couldn’t match the Badger’s combination of clever boxing and vicious in-fighting, lost by two knock-outs and three decisions.
444444444-f'-f BIG LEAGUE STANDINGS 4444444444 4
NATIONAL LEAGUE TEAM yr
7 8 8
'.'.L: ■: B- ;
6
■V-:-
■ 7':: ■; 7-..
To
9
St. I^uis. Chicaty.
Cincinnati. Pittsburgh;...
Philaaeiphia:„.ii;...:!;;.......„.]!;/.]../7 'AMERICAN iMguei: ,TEAM.y W New ^ Detroit 8 Wa8hingtoh.;.„......^.......;..../’[.i.l0 Cleveland..!...;:...'..;...:........,......... ,8 Philadelphta..;..;—;....;-.6 Chicago...;..........;......,.;............;... 4 St. Louis;......;...:.;.....;...;,.;.:.....;.: 8
■ AMERICAN ASSOCIATION 'TEAM..:. -'W'' 'l" Kansas City....:.::......:....:........;... 9 . 2 St. PaUl..........;...............,....;.’.’.’,...ii 4 Minneapolis..............:.... ....... 7 6 Milwaukee;...;........;;™.;;...:.....:.,... 7 g Indianapolis........ 4 6 Liouisville.;........;.,......... 6 10 Colunibus...... 4 10 Toledo. 8 8
Pet; :616 ;683 .571 i683 ;462 .462 .412 .400
L
.6
6 6 8
.7:
vg ;
9
18
Pet. .706 .688 .571 .666 .638 .400 .808 T88
Pet. .818 .733 .688 .688 .400 .876 .286 .273
4 4
4 4 4 >f 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 YESTERDAY’S RESULTS
4;4 „4'4 > .4; 4' ^4 ' 4 NATIONAL LEAGUE ; Cincinnati, 4; Philadelphia, 8.
Boston, 6: Pittsburgh, 4. St. Louis, 12; Brooklyn, 0. New York at. Chicago; rain.
, AMERICAN -LEAGUE
New York, 3: Chicago, 2. Boston, 6 ; Cleveland, O.
Washington; 17; St. Louis, 1. '
Detroit, 4; Philadelphia, 3.
.' AMERICAN ASSOCIATION '
St.'Paul, 13; Columbus, 6.
Indianapolis, 18; Minneapolis, 9.
Milwaukee, 7 ; Louisville, 4.
Kansas City at Toledo, rained out in sec-
ond inning.
“Spend leap year on the farm if you’re a bachelor, and want to stay that way,” says Prof. E. T. Hiller, of the University of Illinois. He, explains that there are fewer unmarried women in rural districts.
To Exl^it 3,100 Lb Steer At Exposition A steer weighing more than a ton and a half will be exhibited at the Texas Centennial Exposion which will open in Dallas on June 6. “Big Jim”, once owned by the late Will Rjogers; is reputed to be the largest steer in the world. He weighs 3,100 pounds, stands five feet, four inches at the withers and is ten feet long, from head to tail.
Prof. C. S. Hollister Is Made Dean At Cornell Prof. S. G. Hollister, formerly professor of structural engineering at the University, who left to accept a position as director of the school of civil engineering at Cornell University> has been given the added duties of associate dean of the Gollege of Engineering; Prof: Holli8tyrvH suhie: his new duties on Jliiy 1; and will also continue as director of the civil engineering school;
LaPdrte Jdninni To#isit^‘CtWPur^ About thirty members LaPorte County Purdue cliib vdll cmhe “Back to Old Ptirdue” today to spend the day sightseeing about the cam pus; visiting the airport, laboratories, shops hnd instructors with they have had contacts in the pa^, ■: ' E. B. Baugh, alumni secretary, and various staff members will spend the day guiding the visitors aboiit the campus. W. J. Henpch> secretary of the alumni club, is in chai'ge of arrangements of the party which ■nfill arrive here at 9 a. m.
K. 4 4 .4 -■4-:-4/4'■4 "4.: TODAY’S: GAMES 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 NATIONAL LEAGUE Nevr York at Chicago; Brooklyn at St. Louis; Boston at Pittsburgh. Philadelphia at Cincinnati. AMERICAN LEAGUE Detroit at Philadelphia. Chicago at New York. Cleveland at Boston. St. Louis at Washington.
4 4
4 4
FrostaYmsityFootbaD,
Game ta Stadfamt (Continiied from Page 1>
Upperclassmen in this anntlal grid ’ ‘ \ meet. Spring performances of the ' grid squad prove the exceptional
abilities of the yearlings and in spite ' of the predictions of the upperclassmen that the Prosh will go down to ignominious defeat, the game should ‘ . ' .f® be very closely contested. " <' ^ Ray and Jay, the combination of Chicago’s outstanding track men» ^ ' are the main attractions at today’s V cinder meet and are the men aronnd whom the Maroon hopes revolve. Ray Ellinwood, a former Purdne student, is the holder of the world’s i record in the quarter-mile rtin indoors and is expected to control the ' - v four-forty and the half-mile, the f . 1. only events in which he is entered. ? ‘ Jay Berwanger: will be a busy man this afternoon as he will run the hundred and two-twenty in addition to his appearance in his specialties, • the shot put and discos. Purdue will also have its stars in -the persona;^s of Corcsaptaih Glendenning; Janos and Goory, all distance men, who are expected to collect a large ' share of the points. V
Tickets for the
footbaU game
trhicB can he purchased from Gim.:let membera^ Will pqrmit the speci tatbr to sts^ over for the trackmei^ Students wifili coupon bnOks Aaw gain admittance to the track meet but: not to the footbaii game.
Down with the ta^ some male, say UhiversityTtf S^^ tudty girls. T^yM ralher h0 amused by “the comic type.”
DR. A. 'Dentlsi- ':;.- Ewm Plate State and Main ■'Phona4965:
fj
N
Domer’s Flower Shop '
.Quality Flowers , ;
j Main at 7th Phone 606d
Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
COLLEGE EDUCATH^
Risk Dental: Clinic ■ faulAssisk' KOBffi!RTG.BteK HAROLD) .7. BISK - mTHER A. UTOK . ' 400 Scbnlta Bldg, PIhmi* »701 Cbnier 4Ui pud Hrtn
R. e. EISENBACH Jeweler and (Optometrist: 504 Main ^reet
'.-''-I
mm f
Entargements
SaadwiehIII ^
Typewriters Adding Madiinee-* Ww sale, rent,^ repaired and iiQUgld. Mnitigraph an^ mimeograpilbi work dope.. C, BJbershoff, 605. Dfoin. St. Phone 2779.
” NQTi<ES Pijtlin'( ,
i?gf6»K» J.UMKg»^
AtRcpoblicaiiRanr
" A Hal-
Paper Towels—^Por the bathroom, phone 7828, Lafayette Fainting Co. Lost—Rosenbach and Whitman ^‘College Algebra” on State Street hiU or levee, 6039. ; Wahi^ South Bend to Lafayette tomorrow night. Call 3716.
May 2nd,'t-4 p. to., room Chemis^^y Buildine. tiniest special arranKe. mentsr ai«^inade,^Pl7 people who at'the time anPpl^^t^M‘above: AppITca^: tioa for the exam should be made at room 2lO Chemistry Builditoi. bi^ore,-tSiky. 2. Thte next regular opimrtUnity for removing O grades will be early in September. —ALPm
to come up for Consideration foei^ore adjournment of Congress, at a re>pttblican rally at #;89 tonight in the Lafayotte Armory. ^pngxe^asMVi Halleck ’Ond his, family are expo®^^ed to arrive in Lafayetto at 6 O’clock this evening by automobile.
The American Student Union will meet at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday at the Wesley Foundation, 1
Engineering Stndents—The school of civil '^engmeSMnC'I^U'anpt^lalii^i^^retofa'wthe, missing parts of the aluminum model of the 'Boulder ham Oh' exhibit the Civil Engineering Building. This. ia . a Valuable and; Sia^ul niodat‘ Which: seated to the, school dfi CWl engihe^^ the lato m^'Meadi'of;the;^eclalhati^h toryice;' —HATT. ; W. A. A. Hikingr-.Bolier skating hike at:2 today. Will start from gym. ITHTHOMPSpN.-•, Ffuir^ae Ghfistian Fenndation^Miss GoOl-; idge will talk to student class at 9:30 tomorrow., ■ ■‘‘'' ‘i. ■' ^-McINTIRE,'
Presidesiif And Wife Honored Winter Park, Fla.—(ACP)-^in an impressive ceremony marked by praise for his past efforts, and a “pledge of our faith in the laws yet to be drafted, in State papers yet to be written,” Rollins College conferred the Doctor of Literature degree upon President Roosevelt recently. Mrs. Roosevelt was also honored by the college.
Glider Club—Work session. Meet at 1 in .garage.' , —O’NEAL.
Fraternity Presidento-rrPlease turn in. tickets to the freshman-ykrSity game, at stadium ticket office, by 1 this afternoon. : ' >-McCONNELL.
Gimlet Pledges-—Please turn ih tickets to freMiman-varsity game at s'tadium ticket office by 1 this afternoon. —BROWNING.
Physics Society Will Sponsor Talk Sigma Pi Sigma, honorary physics society, will hold the first of a series of lectures of special interest .tp'l'uiider^ ^ildehte- Inoxf Tuesday, in the lecture room of the Physics Building. Mr. C. J. Plank, a senior majoring in physics, will give a survey of our present knowledge of the atom. The talk; will be ilipstrated -rath sl^^ and will treat, in an elementary fashion, the expefimehtal fRets that have led to what seems to be a reas sonably accurate model of the atom.
estions Their Neither does anyone deny that Crown cleaning ’ will make your soiled garments, also attractive.'.
Union Workers—Committees mtot iii subbasemeht at 4 Monday. --GRIMM, ANSPACH.
The University of Wisconsin has more than $20,000 in unclaimed Ubrary deposits.
FootbaU Managers—rAll be at gym at 1. —HODGDEN, MAISH. Sigina Delta C3ii—Meet Wednesday night at 7 :30 in the Debris office. ! —DUTZ.
V
W9ra with Pride
by Mlllleii$
To Diseuss Policies Of Agriculturist Df. J. H, McKee, of the University English department, Prof. V. C. Freeman, assistant dean of the agricultural school, and W. A, Bodden, assistant controller, will participate in a disGussipn of the policies of the Agriculturisit, campus agricultural publication, at a meeting in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building Monday evening at 8 o’clock. New members of the publication staff are to entertain last year’s staff at an informal reception at this time and plans for the coming year will be formed.
J. j&No
rs To Leave University For Texas Major Charles W. Mays, of the Purdue staff, will be transferred to Fort Sam Houston, Texas, by an order from the U. S. war department, it was learned late, yesterday. Major Ross B. Warren, field artillery, of Pittsburghj has been ordered to replace Major Mays.
WEST SIDE BAPTIST At 9:30 Dean Fisher will teach the Roger Williams’ class. Morning service at 10;35; New Members Day; Communion Services; Reverend Gleason will speak on “Such As I Am”. An exceptionally good social hour, beginning at 6:30, has been prepared, Olive Schatzley in charge. The outstanding features of the program are: Bud Bryant singer; and a humorous skit, to he given by Robert Claridge, Eugene Palerno, John SennCj and Fred Ahrens. A ten cent lunch will be served at 6:10. “Conventional Places” will be the subject for discussion at 6:30, Eireen Thomas as leader. The theme of-Reverend Gleason’s sermon, at 7:30, will be “Failures”.
Airport Called Gov’t Testing Laboratory In a letter to G. R. Deets, district WPA administrator. Col. John S. ^ynue, of the -U, S. bureau of air commerce, referred to the University Airport aa the “outdoor testing laboratory of the federal government’’. His statement was based on the new expieriinentai runways being laid by WPA vmrkers.:^ ■ Large numbers Of people interested in airport improvements are expected to come to Lafayette for information about the success of the eleven different materials which are being used in the construction of the runways.
Choir Will Sing At Logansport. The University Concert Choir, under the directorship of Albert P. Stewart, will inaugurate music week in Logansport tomorrow' by giving an evening concert. Jimmy Nelson, 13-year-old Lafayette school boy, and M. J. Doyle, University freshman pianist, will be the soloists. State Contest In Frankfort Jefferson high schdoi’s district championship band will depart for Frankfort this morning to play in the state concert contest at 1:16 this :afternopn and the state parade: at 4.
A man's leather! Robust and hearty, ^aggy and tweedy... fashion's nominatiQn for spring leadership. You may want it; in ^ey ... you may want it in brown.. . but chances are good that you'll want a pair of each! ... See these ^ost underpiiced fine ^oes you've ever seen. A. B, G. , 4.12 Maip .St.
BEG PARDON . D. W- MacDermid twirled the flaming ’baton in the Derby Festival parade, instead of C. M. Jorgeson as stated in yesterday’s Exponent.
CENTRAL PRESBYTERIAN The third talk of the series on “What Constitutes an Educated Man” will be given by Prof. H. L. Creek to the student group at 9:30. Morning service at 10:45. “Spiritual Security” will be the topic of Rev. Graham’s sermon. Sunday Evening club, as usual, at 6 :30.
FREE from any thought that your shoes aren’t heat in appearance and comfortable to yOur feet. Because you know you had fine workmanship with quality materials when your footwear was repaired at
air
IN THE VARSITY BOOT SHOP
/ PARDON US This ad was run in error in the issue of Wednesday, April 29. The ad should haye been run for ABC Shoe Company instead of B & W Shoe Co., as the ABC Shoe Co, ; is the exclusive agent for Freeman S:hoes.
CHRISTIAN Student class at 9:30. The topic of Rev. Jessup’s sermon/at the morning service at 10:45, will be “Is Religion Too Old Fashioned?” There will be a sacrificial lunch in the . church parlors at 4 p. m. Christian Endeavor at 6:30.
Believe it or not
Corr^t in every detail . . . for Sport, Formal or Street wear. Two pieces . . . Sport COATS All wool with new sport backs in blue, gray, chocolate O brown and plaids . . . all finely tailored. : Dress; SLACKS. Bought especially to contrast with sport coats. Every q q C desirable shade. Others to $5,00. These two pieces combine to give the smartest summer suits* Light Weight .Felt Hats, other Palamas ^.56 RP $2.0$ tO 5.®Q / ■ I' ' ' WMte and Pastel Anklet 35c and 50e. Duke of Kent .SHIRTS $1.65 With the new button-down collar
Just Received — New Shipment / "Arrow SHIRTS The most beautiful selection of - new summer styles and colors we have ever offered. No-wilt collars and a complete size range. $
The Complete Men’s Furnishing Store 416 Mein St. 5
ST. JOHN’S EPISCOPAL /Regular services at 8 and 10:45 a. m* Young People’s Pellowship following supper at 6 p. m., wiU be at 7 p. m., at which time a report will be made by the nominating committee.
WESLEY FOUNDATION (Methodist) Dr. Hadley will speak to the student class for men at 9:30 on the subject “Prayer”, The girls’ class will hold its Annual May Breakfast at 8 a. m. at the Foundation House. Miss Mary Katherine Russell, who has recently been teaching Rural Home Economics in North China, will be the speaker. The election of officers for the girls’ class will also be held at this time. Edna Faye Moore and June Denny are nominated for president. NotR Misner and Kathryn Merritt for treassurer, and Julia Peek and Ruth Renfroe for secretary. At the Epworth League at 6:30 Mrs. H. M. Anderson will address the group on ‘^Music in the Church” and there will rIso be speoiRl music. TodRy Miss Russell is having personRl conferences with cq-eds who might wish to enter work in foreign lands. Anyone who wishes to talk to her should rngke arrangements through Mrs, McFadden.
The average Oolumbia University senior, almost 21 years old and weighing 153 pounds, is sRghtly antipathetic to the New Deal, would rather win a Phi Beta Kappa key than an athletic award and would not fight in a war conducted out^ si^ the United States, a recent survey revealed.
Pressure from above caused C. C. N. Y. students to. abandon a poll on the fitness for office of Dr. Frederick B*. Robinson, president of tbe college who bas keen on^er fire*
wymm Oft Low C Our aim is ta make you a steady, satisfied customer. The thittgs your motor needs after winter-^tuning, tight^ifig uj>r ,
6th and AlabamB We Never Close
Phone 4048