•jf r j
./l-v ^J-/
,1 ,, . *« J u
I
T> J Purdue
Voliime 5L No. 146
Riveters Battle Wabash In Opening Diamond Tilt Game WiJI Begin At 2 This Afternoon; Bailey Stdrts On Mound For Riveters Hoping to continue the brand of baseball that gave the Boilermakers four victories in five starts during their recent southern invasion, Coach Dutch Fehring’s diamondmen will face the Little Giants of Wabash this afternoon at 2 o'clock on Ross-Ade Field. Not only will today’s encounter open the home season for the local lads, but it will serve as a tune-^p for next week’^ two tilts with the conference title-defendiiig Iowa aggregation. Bailey To Pitch
Bob Bailey will probably be on the mound for the Boilermakers at the start of today’s contest, but the chances are that Dutch will not ask him to go the entire distance. Gerald Higgins, who has returned to ^ school after a year’s layoff, has,been named to share the Riveter twirling duties. Bud Fisher, who clouted ^ the ball all over the south, will take charge of a large part of the catching proceedings, although Elwood Yeager is slated to see some action ^ during the afternoon. The Boilermakers probably will stick to a veteran lineup for their hoipe debut today, although a pair * of sophomores have been named in the probable opening lineup. Harry McFerren at second and Don Blank- ^ -en in left field will, as a result of their fine showing this spring, be the two second year men on the starting nine. Blanken, who is also ^ a pitching prospect, is waging a real battle with Bud Stamm for the left field assignment, while McFerxen has moved co-captain Wayne ) Heame over to short. Veteran Infield Aside from McFerren the Rivet- ^ ei’s will have much the same infield that cavorted around the diamond last year. Felix Mackiewicz, the team’s leading hitter, will start at ^ third and Wayne Hearne, last season’s keystoner, will hold down the I shortstop spot. Frank Smithson, will again take charge of the initial sack. r ' Two veterans, Johnny Vernon and Dick War^o, look like permanent fixtures in the outfield and will share the garden-roaming duties * with Blanken and Stamm. Wargo saw a lot of action last year as a pitcher but was changed to the outfield this spring because of his hit- * ting strength. ’ This being the season opener for the Wabash squad, their strength is jt still more or less of a question mark, althoi:^h the team itself presents few changes from }ast year. Playing ^ left field for the Little Giants will be Paul Emmert, brother of Riveter Johnny. Paul has one of the most dangerous bats in the invader’s ^ line-up. ‘ TTwo Last Year Last spring the Boilermakers met the Wabash lads in a pair of tussles and came out on the right end of the score both times. In the first game the Riveters downed the Crawfordsville team 9-3 behind the t four-hit twirling of Johnny Emmert, and in the second encounter annihilated the visitors with a 16 f hit, 11-6 victory. Harry Bell On Program In Music Room Of Union , Tomorrow Afternoon Harry Bell, tenor, will sing for the Music room program, sponsored by the Student Union, tomorrow afternbon at 4 o’clock in the Music room of the Union. Bell has appeared in college productions of the operas, “Faust,” “Martha,” and “Caveliera Rusticana,” and has made several record- ^ ings for the Paramount and Columbia motion picture studios in Hollywood. He has also appeared with the “Lucky Seven” choral group on y radib station KMTR. Janet Avery and Harold Knight, Student Union members, are in ^ charge of the program. Mrs. Joseph Regains will accompany Bell on the piano.
300 FFA Delegates Convene For Annual State Conference Approximately 300 delegates and their chapter advisors from all sections of the state took part yesterday in the eleventh annual convention of the Indiana Association of the Future Farmers of America held here on the campus. Professor O. G. Lloyd, head of the farm management department, spoke to the young men on problems connected with becoming established in farming, and discussed finances, equipment, management, and farm .enterprises. At an executive committee meeting of the state FFA officials and district directors, it was reported that Indiana has more than 1,900 FFA members in 133 chapters, 16 chapters more than a year ago. National FFA President Ivan Kindschi of Wisconsin complimented Indiana officials on the quality and scope of work being done in the Hoosier state. He also congratulated the twenty-three recipients of the “Hoosier Farmer” degree conferred by the Indiana Association of FFA for their excellent work. This degree is the highest conferred by the state organization, and is the second highest offered in FFA. Climaxing the activities of the convention was the annual banquet held last night. All state contest winners of the public speaking, essay, reporters, and chapter activity contests were announced and the “Hoosier Farmer” degree was bestowed upon qualifying candidates. Principal speaker at the banquet was Herschell Newsom of Columbus, Indiana, Master of the Grange. Ivan Schenk of Evansville, state FFA president, presided over the progi’am. Alpha Phi Omega . . . national service fraternity for Boy Scouts, announces the pledging of W. D. Southard, Indianapolis; M. C. Plummer, Memphis, Tenn.; W. L. Neal, Detroit, Mich.; W. H. Mansfield, Louisville, Ky.; R. B. Stucker, Leonia, N. J.; R. M. Thompson, Greencastle; C. W. Bartholomai, Terre Haute; R. R. Cartmell, Hagerstown; W. L. Schalliol, Elkhart; L. J. Pursell, Fairfield, Conn.; E. W. McCullough, Lafayette; and B. L. Tormohlen, Portland.
Ceres To Celebrate 20th Year
Celebi'ating their twentieth anniversary as a local honorary, agronomic club, and general agricultural fraternity, the Ceres club will convene for their anniversary dinner in the Union next Friday evening, April 12. Many of the Ceres alumni will return for the banquet to hear Dr. E. C. Elliott deliver the address of the evening. The local honorary was first organized back in 1920 when Prof. F. E. Robbins, of the agronomy department, first conceived of the need for an organization to promote interest in agronomy. Acting upon his idea. Prof. Robbins bad a meeting of all students interested in agronomy, and included in this group was Dean M. L. Fished. As an outcome of this meeting it was definitely decided to form an honorary for the
benefit of students interested in agronomy, but they had some difficulty deciding upon a name. The name Ceres was finally chosen, since in Greek mythology, Ceres was the Goddess of the Harvest. Since the beginning of the honorary, they have had exactly two hundred members, and thirty more are now in school. The Ceres club helps promote and sponsor many of the functions on the ag campus, such as the freshman tour of the crops and soils faim, state corn and small grain show, agronomy picnic, and the annual all-ag dance. The Ceres agricultural essay contest, that is held every fall, is the foremost journalistic contest on the ag campus.
> A ^ '4.
Exponent
Safnrdoy# April 0# 1040
Irvin Maury, Keller Will Swing, Sway At Dual Mixer Tonight Diversity in dancing will be the feature of tonight’s double-header mixer, with Leonard Keller presenting melodious rhythms in the north fiallroom and Irvin Maury’s band swinging in the south ballroom. The orchestrhs will alternate in pla3dng, an amplifying system being used to bring the music to both ballrooms thus providing continuous dancing throughout the evening. Regular mixer hours of 9-12 vdll prevaiL Often called the “Tone Poet,” Leonard Keller started his musical career at the age of five, and won the first of several scholarships at the age of 16. After his graduation from the University of Wisconsin, Keller decided to become a dance maestro. Another feature of the mixer will be the presentation of “The Proper Dress for Couples During Prom Week-end” by the cast of the Varsity Show. Enders Will Address SDX Open Meefing Tuesday Evening » Gordon Enders, authority on the Far East and special lecturer at the University, will speak at an open meeting of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. This informal discussion will be open to the public. Enders was once a war coirespondent during the Sino-Japanese conflict, and will discuss the Japanese occupation of Shanghai in 1937, telling the difiiculties in gathering and sending news to the outside world. He will also tell what limitations are imjiosed by censors, and how journahsts gather and wire their stories. Following adjournment of the open meeting. Sigma Delta Chi members will hold a business session. Playshop Lab Group Presents Two Plays Members of the PMyshop Laboratory Group presented their fifth production last night at 8 o’clock in Fowler Hall. Selections for the performance were the third act of Ibsen’s “A Doll’s House” and the final act of Wilde’s “The Importance of Being Earnest ” Characters acting in “A Doll’s House,” directed by Lewis Morrison, were Bernice B e i s e 1, Laurence Wiles, Harold Martin, Jean Fassnacht and Earl Aber. Those enacting “The Importance of Being Earnest,” directed by Del Greenwood, were John Goll, John Mingle, John Peters, Vinton Taylor, Donna Seiss, Helen Conder, and Patricia Frigge.
NISAGrants Admission To Six Independent Organizations
Doherty Will Speak On Art Monday “It is the most interesting thing I ever did; it affords me deep, profound satisfaction; and it is utterly absorbing; I never think of my work when I am painting,” said Dr. Robert E. Doherty, president of Carnegie Institute of Technology, in reference to his exhibition of landscape art now being shown in the Music room of the Union. Dr. Doherty will lecture on landscape painting as an engineer’s recreation next Monday at 4 p. m. in the Music room of the Union. On Tuesday senior engineering students and faculty -will hear him talk in room 129 of the EE building on “Reminiscences of Steinmetz.” “My regret is that I started at least forty years too late; I have a missionary spirit. It distresses me to think how many people are missing this incdmparable satisfaction and delight who could have it for the taking. The response I hear is, ‘Oh, I have no talent; I can’t draw.’ ‘Nonsense,’ I say, ‘go ahead and paint a picture and have fun!’ ” Doherty continued. Dr. Doherty has emphasized for many years the importance for the engineer to have some sort of cul-tm-al hobby. He does not say that everyone should take up painting, but that the engineer, the scientist, and the agriculturist should find some recreational activity of a cultural nature. Debater Takes Part In Radio Discussion Members of the Purdue varsity debating team are now participating in the annual Western Conference Debating League tournament at Northwestern University held yesterday and today. The question of debate is whether the United States should adopt a policy of isolation toward belligerents. Those on the affirmative team are Seymour Udell and Gordon Belles, while the negative team consists of Richard Springgate and Donald Paarlberg. Paarlberg, a senior debater who is president of the Purdue chapter of Tau Kappa Alpha, honorary debating fraternity, was elected as one of five Big Ten debaters to take part in a Nation-wide broadcast concerning the tournament tomorrow afternoon at 3 o’clock over a CBS chain of 90 stations. During the course of the tournament the afiirmative team will have met Wisconsin, Ohio State, Iowa, and Northwestern and the negative team will have met Miimesota, Chicago, Illinois, and Indiana. Prof. P. E. Lull and L. S. Winch, of the Speech Department accompanied the debaters to Chicago. Engineer Names Four Men To Senior Staff John C. McElroy, independent from Greenfield, was elected to the post of editor-in-chief of the Purdue Engineer for the coming year at a meetip^^the Engineer governing board yesterday afternoon. Others elected at this meeting were managing editor, George 0. Gale, Lambda Chi Alpha, Petersham, Mass.; business manage;r, Thad D. Lantz, Lambda Chi Alpha, Anderson; and 'associate editor, Ernest A. McClintock, Beta Theta Pi, Oak Park, HI. ' The remainder of the new staff will be elected at a future meeting of the governing board.
Discussions, Business Meeting, Party-Dance Planned For Today National Independent Students’ Association, meeting’ on the campus for its third annual convention, yesterday admitted six college and university independent student associations to its roll.
Cast Of 'Sweethearts' Presents Style Show Everything from the correct lounging attire to the strictly formal dress will be shown tonight by the cast of “Sweethearts” at 7 o’clock in the north ballroom of the Union, The show will tell students exactly “what’s what” for Prom week-end. Irvan Maury’s band will provide the musical background for the style preview. Following the style show, members prominent in the cast of past Varsity Shows will sketch hit spots from “Of Thee I Sing” and “'The Mikado.” Bennie Bums and Marge Dietrich will sing the title song from “Of Thee I Sing.” Mrs. Dietrich IS well known for her successes in Black and Tan Fantasy Shows and also for her role in the Kaufman hit. Marvin Smith will sing “A Wandering Minstrel I” from “The Mikado,” the 1939 Varsity Show. As a climax to the revue, members of the cast of “Sweethearts,” this year’s Varsity Show, will sing the finale from “Sweethearts.” The style show is being sponsored by the Student Union and by Varsity Show. Virginia Royce and Bill Woods of the Student Union board, and Chuck Hart of Varsity Show dixected the production. Bill “Bucket” Adams will act as master of ceremonies. Dr. Davis To Speak Af Last Religious Convo Dr. Ralph Morgan Davis will speak on “Man: Builder, Fighter, Lover, Worshiper” at the last convocation for worship of the year on Sunday morning, April 14. ^ Dr. Davis is well known on the University campus for addresses and sermons to the students and townspeople during the last fifteen years. He delivered the baccalaureate address in June, 1926, and was so well received that beginning with the fall of 1928 he was invited to give the principal address at the first all-university convocation for six consecutive years. Campus Bridge Tourney Attrads Seventy Teams Entries are coming in fast for the all campus bridge tournament, which begins Wednesday, April 10. Indications are that at least 70 teams will compete for championship honors. The tournament is under the direction of Julius L. Bom, Lafayette bridge authority, who has conducted the Union tommaments for the past six years. Born stated that a team’s results in these tovunaments are never affected by card luck. “In fact,” said Born, “the element of luck is not even present. The tournament is so conducted that hands are kept intact as played with the result that each team will play a match on every hand exactly as held by every other team. There will positively be no trick or prepared hands. Each hand will be shuffled and dealt in the regular manner, and a team’s score wiU therefore be solely a matter of its slrill in bidding, and playing good bridge.” Entries for the tournament must be filed at the west desk of the Union not later than 1 p. m. Monday.
New members are independent ~ student organizations from Tulsa University in 'Tulsa, Okla.; Rider College in Trenton, N. J.; Whitewater College in Whitewater, Wis.; Ohio State University in Columbus, O.; Hillsdale College in Hillsdale, Mich.; and Utah State Agriculture College in Logan, Utah. Yesterday’s Activities were highlighted by the convening «f the delegates for dinner in the Union. Discussion Groups Today’s calendar includes discussion groups from 8:46 to 10:16 a. m. in the east find west sections of the Faculty lounge on “Leadership Training,” chairmaned by Dan Williams, president of the Northwestern University Independent Student Association and member of the executive committee of the national organization, and “Co-eds Participation in the Independent Movement.” At 10:16 a. m. a special meeting of one delegate from each attending organization will form a “steering committee” to make general recommendations to the entire convention at the 3:30 business session this afternoon. Adopt Insignia Recommendations will be made as to where the next convention will be held, new national officers, and the future policies of the national organization. Immediately following the buffet limcheon at noon today, the organization will adopt its natimial insignia. From 1:30 xmtil 3:30 this afternoon the “Question Box” will answer questions of the delegates concerning organization work, with Charles Filson, past president of the University of IRinois Independent Mens’ Association, acting as presiing officer. To Close With Dance Business meeting from 3:30 to 6:46 p. m. will be centered around the discussion and passage of the recommendations made by the “steering committee.” Convention officials said last night that everyone is invited to drop into room 230 of the Union to see the exhibits of various independent associations’ activities during the past year. The convention will terminate tomght after 12 p. m. when the informal party-Sance starting at 9 will end. This will close a convention period which started last Thursday at 4 p. m. WBAA Will Present Play This Afterndon “Fred Hanson, Martyr,” a radio play written and directed by Dick Pittenger, staff member of WBAA, will be presented on Radio Stage this afternoon at 1 o’clock. Featured in the cast are; Joe Martin as Fred Hanson, a man who hopes he is lord and master in his own household; Pat Heine as Mrs. Hanson, who attempts to make peace and save the home; Ali,ce Martens as Janice, the worldly-wise daughter whose knowledge of men compares with her knowledge of knitting; and Bill Sharpies as Herbert, a problem child whose great love of the moment is a Model T of ancient vintage.
Triton Club
... announces the election of the following officers Loraine Becpihs, president: Martha Roemi^urans, vicepresident; and Jean 3t«igwwald» secretary and treasurer.V
PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, April 6, 1940
ff
Jimjibf Jalk
Still Shrouded In Mystery ... in spite of the publicity which they have received are the interpretations of the 3.5 scholastic index ruling for participation in activities. According to Floyd R. Eastwood^ of the physical education department and member of the extra-curricular committee, although the 3.5 requirement is supposedly ironclad, special consideration will be given to borderline cases. For instance, referring to the recent discovery by some students that in removing a C or D grade that they actually lowered their all time index. Dr. Eastwood stated that if an applicant had a 3.5 by eliminating the negative effect of removed C’s and D’s, although it did not automatically make him eligible for activities it would be a prime consideration in doing so. This is to remove the penalizing effect of the registrar’s method of computing the index when failing grades are made up. However, no mass refiguring of grades will be made and thus to become eligible, a student must make application to the extra-curricular committee. In addition, sickness and uniformity of performance in the University will be considered. That is, one poor semester due to ill health will be taken into account as a factor for the student, while a consistantly decreasing grade index will count against him. Method of making application in these borderline cases is as follows: (1) Secure an official semester by semester record of grades from the registrar since entrance to the University. (2) Present these records to the faculty sponsor of the specific activity in question with a letter indicating why special consideration should be given. (3) Then the faculty sponsor will present this letter and records with attached comments to the extra-cur-ricular committee for action. With most campus activity elections in the very near future, it would be wise for those students who are on the borderline to present their case to the committee through the proper channels immediately. —D. K. H.
JoJfUMOW 9jv JhsL ^hWrdviL. Baptist Students 9;30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club Class. Teacher, Dean M. L. Fisher. 10:35 a. m.—Communion Service. Sermon, “The Right Look.” 5:30 p. m.—^Roger Williams Club Fellowship Hour and ten cent lunch. 6:30 p. m.—D iscussion Hour. Speaker, Prof. T. K. Cowden, “Successful Livii^.” 7:30 p. m.—Evening preaching service.
5:00 p. m.—Purdue Presbyterian Church meets for Communion Service and reception of new members. 6:00 p. m.—Sunday Evening Club. Supper at 6 o’clock; at 7 o’clock Don Lamb, University student recently returned from travel abroad, will show movies of his travels in Europe, Egypt, Syria and Arabian Peninsula. All are invited.
Presbyterian and Congregational Students 9:30 a. m.—College Class meets at Central Presbyterian Church. Dr. Graves begins a series of discussions on “The Problem of Evil and Suffering.” All are invited. 10:45 a. m.—Worship and preaching service. Dr. Graham preaching. Sermon topic, ‘<The Word of God to the Worried and Fearful.” Anthem, “Prayer to the Holy Spirit,” by Lundquist.
PLAYBOY Stealer of hearts I Society’s most idolized badielor...gay, devil-may-care. •. and bard to cotchl
THIEF..! Engload's cleverest crook—who wos he? Who stole the Melrose diamonds—and laughed at Scotland Yard?
«.V Starts TODAY
But
Incidentally—
" By yiadimir We’d write a nice long eoltom today, but we’re far too busy. We’re inventing an additional^ slot to put on the nickelodeon in the sweet shop. The whole idea is that when you deposit a quarter in the slot we are going to add, the machine will automatically smash any recording you choose. If we ever get it done, we won’t gjive much for “3-S-S-S-Cecilia’s” chances to survive. i|< l|l 4e I But that’s not all that has us thinking. Some time ago we were abruptly startled when the May Day Committee, after promising to keep the name of the May Queen secret, announced it in the next morning’s paper. They, we were told, didn’t think that something like that could be kept hidden. (Will anyone who knows sorority women please substantiate this remark?) Anyway, it was pretty bad, because they already had it worked so that those-in-the-know were a very small ’ number indeed, and didn’t even include the candidates, other than the winner. But even that wasn’t demed workable at the last minute. So we now offer our plan “to-keep-beauty-queens-names-secret-from-the-prying-mob.” * * * In the first place, to eliminate a vicious leak, the photographer will take pictures of all of the candidates. Next the vote is taken. This vote is handed to the
Purdue Exponent
R. B. liider W. E. Smith
Bditor-in-CliiMr Bnalnesiii MsiuMtcr
D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, uanaeing editor: B. M. Antonini, senior advertisipa manager; G. Schilling, oo-ed editor; B. Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5030; Spprts 2792 Entered as second class matter at the Itost office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1870, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8,1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the re^ar academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrim: for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc, New York, M. Y. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. Night Editor, Miers Ass’t. Night Editor, Ochiltree Day Editor, Burtsfleld Saturday, April 6, 1940
photographer, who takes it homef with the pictures. (We could stop now—^because you can see that the only one knowing who the queen is would be the photographer.) But our plan goes much farther. The photographer does not open the ballots. He stuffs them into some handy cubbyhole at his home. Spring cleaning comes, before May day. The photographer’s wife finds the ballots, and not knowing what they are throws them away. Now our plan has reached perfection! ^he name of the winner will never leak out, because nobody knows who she is. * + * Isn’t that simple?
Methodist Students 8:00 a. m.—Council Breakfast. (Visiting Methodists of the NISA are invited.) 9:30 a. m.—Sunday School. Co-ed Department at the Wesley Foundation. Rev. McFadden will teach on “The History of the Methodist Church.” Men’s Student class at the church. Rev. Robert Thomas of the Westminster Foundation will teach. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Church Service. Dr. Steele will preach on “The Christians’ Wealth.” 2:00-7:00 p. m.—Bible Study Institute at “Wildwood.” 5:00 p. m.—Fellowship Supper (16 cents). 6:30 p. m.—Epworth League at the church. Dr. Steele will speak on, “The New Methodist Church.”
In case there is still any doubt in your minds whether spring is here, Dick Raney and Barbara DePew are trying to convince you. Dick’s Pi Kappa Phi pin is now on our little Pi Phi friend . . . tobacco prices will be going up if the lads don’t stop squandering their money on cigars. (Ed. Note: We pifint Pi Kappa Phi and not Phi Kappa Phi in deference to many requests from the Pi Kappa Phi pin pushers.) —B & B— My Roommate I met him in a gutter, A fine upstanding guy. He passed me in the gutter. As he slowly staggered by. The rain had washed me down there. And has pushed him along there too. And thus began a friendship. Long and dear and true. For he splashed in there beside me; He didn’t rise and walk away. We became a drunken duo. And remain the same today. . . . Killer.
—B & B— The Gimlets are once again bloodthirsty ..., anyway they just pledged twenty new neophytes and we know for a fact that a few of^tjlie pledges ’ have never felt the warming tinge of a paddle. —B & B— Can you imagine the affrontry of the freshman that asked a member of the PROM committee ho)v he could dare show his face on the campus since the band has been annoimced . . . maybe the Frosh had a point tho. —B & B— Dear Miss Sc ’41: All the letters that you have dropped into the contrib box have been received. They are very loving and touch me deeply, but there seems to —B &B— Hugh Snider, ChE 40 has finally fallen in love! Nope, no co-ed, but a cute trick from Indianapolis. The strange part of this affair is that he has never been in love, nor has ever been seen with a girl. No'ifr he walks around with his mouth agape, and writing “Gertie” all over his notebooks and books when he should be paying attention to the guy talking at the front of the classroom.
WBAA SATURDAY 11:00—Just Kids 11:16—Carolyn Wood-soprano 11:30—High School Guest 12:00-T-The Woman Shopi)er 12:16—^Tune Time—Charles Powell 11:15—Carolyn Wood—soprano 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Markets 1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—Saturday Musical Review 2:00—Stamp Club 2:16—Monitor Views the News 2:30—Melody Maids 3:00—Campus Varieties
be a point that I’d like cleared up. I just don’t know what you are talking about. It seems that you have been roped into thinking that someone else writes this trash, ’cause I don’t think we’re in love. —B & B Editor. —B & B— Notice: For men that are desperate for a companion with whom to spend their time (we did not mention money) Mary Mangold is again free and looking for a sucker. —PAID AD—
Starts TOMORROW " HIS HOME TOWN CAUED |HiM~ADDLEPATEDTOM W . . . before the wide world called him
/^ROONEY TOM EDISON PAY GEORGE BAINTER • BANCROFT VIRGINIA WEIDLER • EUGENE PALLETTE -LAST TIMES TODAYJACKIE COOPER ^ — IN — 'SEVENTEEN"
\ \ \
^ONDROUS entertainment
% lor the young in heart of every age!
■ 'Jjl
alt isiiiiey^ L LENGTH FEATURE IN TECHNICOLOR nocchio
STARTS TODAY 10:00 A. M.
— ADMISSION-
Nights and Sunday.
35e
Week Day MaHneesu.
25e
Children Always
lOe
Alliance Will Show French Film tonight University Student Alliance will shW “Grand Illusion” tonight at 8 p. m. in the auditorium of the Electrical Engineering building. In 1988 the International Exhibit prize was awarded to “Grand Illusion” as the best motion picture produced that year. Tickets are on sale in the lobby of the Union building at 26 cents each. Tickets may also be purchased from Student Alliance members, while residents of the Cary Halls can buy them from Arthur Shurig in Cary Hall south. Only a limited number of tickets are available. Senior Dietetic Majois Meet At Indianapolis Senior nutrition and dietetic majors visited the Indiana University Medical Center at Indianapolis yesterday and will continue their trip today. The group was honored at a banquet of the Indiana Dietetic Association last night and will visit the dietary department of the group of hospitals at the Medical Center today. Included on the program following the banquet were Professor Ruby Clark, and the Misses Mary L. Bone, Opal Collins, Pearl Jackson, and Rosemary Lodde, all oi the school of Home Economi6s. Dr. Cecilia Schuck, who planned the trip, accompanied the gproup of senior women to Indianapolis.
SCA
. . . will hold its annual banquet in the Home Economics building on Wednesday, April 17, at 6:30 p. m. The Student Co-operative Association dinner is restricted to members of the fourteen SCA houses on the campus and their friends. The price of the tickets has not yet been decided.
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAY— CHARLES STARRETT — IN — 'WESTERN CARAVENS" — and — ANNA MAY WONG — IN — "Island of Lost Men"
—SUNDAY - MONDAYIN NAME ONLY ADVENTURES OF SHERLOCK HOLMES
LUMA —SUNDAY - MONDAYDOUBLE FEATURE
jtm> IT'S FIRST RUN
_ Al C/B
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES 3 MESQUITEERS — IN — "Cowboys From Texas" — ALSO — BARTON MacLANE — IN — 'Men Without Souls'
n
VtWr
' /
; ii.'
/ ■
Soturdoy. April 6/ 1940
THE P0RDXJE EXPONENT
Tennis Squad Preifiares Local Fliers LpaveTmlay ForOpenerWithButler For Washington Meeting
-Purdue’s tennis machine is now practicing for their first match at Butler April 19. Coach Larry LaBree says that this year’s edition looks good so ^ar afld will have a chance for a top position in the Big Ten standings. The squad personnel shows only two returning lettermen, both seniors. They are Captain Herb Fuente at No. 1 position and Jim Hebbelerat No. 2. The rest of the squad will be made up of juniors and seniors, as there are no experienced sophomo;fes. Bub Anderson, Eoy Lucht, and Bill Berg appear to have the 3, 4, and 5 positions Bob Meihaus, .Jap Powell, A1 Carlson, and Jim Mann, squash captain for 1941, will be fighting for No. 6. Another possibility is Fred Richards if he becomes eligible.
Dick Adams, William Greve, and Frank Habicht, members of the Purdua Plying Club and Aeronautical students, will jpumey to, Washington, D. C. today to attend the annual meeting of the Intermlegiate Plying Club Conference. Several years ago the summer meet of the conference was held at the University airport and the .local flyers' are enthusiastically planning to bring it back here this June. After the Butlet matches, the netmen really swing into action. They open the home season with Western State Teachers here on the 20th, then go to Ball State April 22, and to Michigan on the 26th for the first Big Ten match. There is also the possibility that the Butler match may be transferred here.
New Disney Featured Team
Friendly enemies are Figaro the kitten and Cleo the goldfish featured in support of the marvelous living puppet in the title role of Walt Disney’s “Pinocchio,” new feature-length production in multiplane technicolor, based upon the immensely popular tale that has charmed millions. Now showing at the New Main Theatre.
TyUidJx:^!
mm
Bach, Strauss, Liszt, and ail the great other musical masters are brought to life agaih in the Union Music Room. We offer you exquisite music in lovely surroundings.! Satisfy your own desires and taste by selecting your own recordings. J/UL fiWvdjUSL WsmsfdoiL lAjnwf^ The Comer of the Campus^ the Center of Ae^v^lee
MdahL Clwixji
By Robert 1. Declourd
“Sweet” Cheese—
Essence of Limburger
Cornelius MacGillicudy, manager of Philadelphia Athletics, is either getting too far along in ye^rs to "'make clear decisions, losing his sense "of proportion, or getting slightly daffy worrying about his own puny baseball team. “The New York Yankees will wind up in third place in the/l'940 Anierican League race,” says Connie. Nuts! It’s like saying that the Junior Prom committee will have a good orchestra. —^fc-^ So quick, b6y, bring on the nerve tome; we feel ourselves like making a prediction, of course, with apologies to Mr. Mack. In our estimation, all that remains between the New York Yankees and an American League baseball pennant is 154 games, which is just a trifling formality. —^fc— Those who didn’t pick the Yanks must belong to that class of humanity that dotes on ouija boards, omens at sunset, insurance percentages, mortality rates, and other such stuff as that there . . . The Yanks are, at the present time, unbreakable. —^fc— Look at it this way. The Yankees contingent might be what yau call a “dnal-defensiVe team” ... If its opponent chooses to play a pink-tea ball game that’s made up of good pitching and excellent fielding, then the Gothamites turn out a ball club that trods the beat between the hot corner and the initial bag to perfection.
Mermen Preparing ForNewGalacade As Campaign Inds Although the scheduled portion of their season has been entered in the record books, the Boil'^rmaker swimming team continues to work out in the Fieldhouse pool in preparation for the Galacade, which will be stUged during Gala Week on May 8. Members of this team^ who shattered all but one of the pool records during the season, will play a large part in this swimming show. Leading his men into the competition, which will feature the Indiana and Middle States championships, will be Captain Johnny Graham, who established a pool record in the 440 and an Indiana record in the 500 yard swim in his last series of meets. Other record breakers are the phenomenal Kratzer, who set marks in the 50, 100, and 220 ya:5:d events, and Ted Anderson, who put his name on the list with records in the 150 and 220 yard backstroke. In addition, members of the 300 yard medley, 200 and 400 yard^ relay teams, all of which established records, will be entered in their favorite events. In addition to the championships Barbara Cook, pereimial diving favorite, and Patty Aspinal, thirteen year-old record holder, will again attempt to show the boys how it should be done. Patty is scheduled to make a try for the world’s 150 yard breast-stroke title to climax the evening’s competition and one of the most spectacular swimming features ever staged at Purdue.
Then, if the other team decides to get rough, thei New Yorkers just forget about tea-room antics and set off a fussilade that blows things higher than a kite . . . They can’t be beat in any style of playing. —^fc— Tinkering with the Yanks is like making a pick between a hungry lioness or a black cobra for a watch charm.
Coaches Of Nation Gather At Purdue Football Clinic
By Joe Dolan
Following the age old custom of the American Indian, that of gathering at certain times for pow-wows to swap experiences of the past season or seasons, some 300-odd football coaches of colleges, universities and high schools gathered here yesterday, as they do each year, to barter experiences of the past season, rejecting or absorbing the lessons of coaches from north, south,^ east and west The greater part of the day was spent in the Fieldhouse, while at a “lab” period late in the afternoon, the Purdue grid squad became guinea pigs for demonstrations.
Varied Speakers
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
'1>EAC' Everything for a College Education
Risk Dents! Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK Hth 6r Main Plwn* 5701
• Jewelers R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine W. llafayette Phone 4965
• Florists
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST 522 Main St. Phone 4781 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowen Main at 7th Phone 6($!50
Spealicrs for the day’s session were Bdb Nipper, Shortridge high school, Indianapolis; Bob Nuff, North Side high. Fort Wayne; Byron Stout, Sheridan high, Sheridan; Ray Tribaugh, Kokomo; Bob Whittaker, Sandusky, O.; Dr. S. J. Miller, Purdue’s team physician; and Lon Mann, the Boilermaker trainer. Nipper Impresses Nipper’s discussion was especially interesting, as he outlined a program used by his football squad at Shortridge, consisting of a “miniature city government” within the squad. According to Nipper, his team has its own rules committee, its own board of conduct and sportsmanship, and last but not least a committee on eligibility. With these coordinating factors on one squad, it is small wonder that his Blue Devils have thej^suocoss attributed them. , Dr, Miller Talks Dr. Miller’s discussion, concerning the frequent and numerous jield injuries, could be classed as the most important lecture of the da^. “Many are the problems of the small high school coach, whose budget doesn’t allow for excess medical service,” said Dr. Miller, who delivered a half hour of information from this point of view. Jovial good-fellowship prevailed at last night’s banquet as the assembled coaches listened to President E. C. Elliott and Arch Ward, sports editor of the Chicago Trib-
une.
Toastmaster Henry Bogue of George Washington high school in Indianapolis in introducing President Elliott remarked that there has been some talk about Dr. Elliott
Mother’s DaySpecials 1—8x10 Bromide Oii-Coiored Photograph —4 Poses to select from— Regular Value $3.50 each Priced on special only $1.15 with Coupon Studio Located in HOTEL LAHR
Bonded by National Surety Co.
Hoosier State Archery Meet Planned April 13 Final arrangements are now being completed for the annual state■wide indoor archery tournament, which is to be held here next Saturday under the auspices of the Hoosier State Archery Association. Among the many important championships to be decided is the state indoor archery title in the senior division. The tourney, usually attracting an entry of between 80 and 100 archers, is to be held at Purdue for the first time. In view of the extensive facilities offered by the Purdue Fieldhouse, an “outdoor” shoot, of the regulation 60 yards, has tentatively been scheduled to be held inside the Fieldhouse.
running for governor of the state, but that Elliott has said that he couldn’t see why he should quit a job where they were 100% for you to take one where they are just 2% for you. President Elliott in his talk said that “football in colleges and schools is more than a mere game; it is a social institution.” President Elliott then introduced Arch Ward who talked on “Youi? Part in Football’s Future.” Ward in. speaking on current political trends said that “President Roosevelt hadn’t been able to make up his mind yet as to whether or not to run for a third term because he Wants to confer with Eleanor, and she hasn’t been home this year yet.” Ward in complimenting the coaches upon their work said that, “if the countries in Europe had remembered how to play they would not be in the same plight as they are today.” Well Dressed Player This morning, the clinic will continue with addresses imtil noon. The clinic will come to an end this afternoon on the field of Ross-Ade Stadium at 2 o’clock, at which time, two picked elevens from the Purdue squad will meet each other in a regidation game. At noon today, the sports display of the better known athletic outfitters, on show in the ping-pong room of the Fieldhouse, will close its doors. This display is especially interesting, as it features everything new in the line of what the “better dressed gridder” -will wear during the 1940 season, aU the way from the new oMcmg cleats to a new type of nose guard that should give the punt, pass, and prayer athlete a streamlined appearance.
STREET CARS to RUSES - ^ “Modem and Safe” transportation is the slogan now. The new coaches, streamlined, comfortable and commodius run on scheduled time. This dependable service makes it possible for your plans to go smoothly, when time and efficiency are important factors. LAFAYEnE TRANSIT CO.. INC
' iVi• ^ 1 ‘'' ff, ■>>"(» ,*1 V '>■ >J^ ij^.),,- },,
‘ ^ ‘ 'b , - 4
PUHDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. April B, 1940' g^
Pmonnd Notes
Complete balletins with the companle* listed below, are posted on the bulletin boards of the schools from which inter* viewees will be chosen. Those interested should read these bulletins and company literature available, then sign up for consideration on the proper list In Uia asala office of their school.
Westinghouse Air Brake Company, Wilmerding, Penn., plans to employ mechanical engineering seniors for their apprenticeship course of one year, preparatory to engineering woik in then company. 4-5, 6, 7
GRIN AND BEAR IT
ByLkhtr WesleyPlayefs
Jess Hopkins, of the Edgar T. Ward’s Sons Company, will visit Purdue on Monday, April 8, to interview ME, Met., and CE seniors. 4-5, 6
George Mann, Jr., director of personnel, AC Spark Plug Div., General Motors Corporation, Flint, Mich., will visit the University soon to interview ME and EE seniors for his company’s training program. 4-5, 6, 7
P. A. Lauerman, Chicago representative, Republic Steel Corporation, Republic Bldg., Cleveland, Ohio, will visit Purdue soon to interview ME, EE, and Met. seniors for employment. 4-5, 6, 7
IU.ilM;U.&FM.C
. . . announce try-outs fhrHheir spring three-kct play, “The Tinker” by Fred Eastman to be held on Monday evening, April 8, at 7:30 at the Wesley Foundation. “The Tinker” is a ihodern story based upon the spirit of St. Francis. It is written around the problem of money and selfishness in a modern family. The cast is made up of a father, mother, son in high school, daughter in college,' their friends, and a drunken uncle, together with the wandering tinker. The play will be given locally on May 19, and will be repeated at the Seven States Foundation Conference at Battle Ground on June 20. Try-outs are invited for both cast and production staff. People are especially needed to work on staging, make-up, and properties.
“Tl^re’s just two of us, except on Sundays when we usually have eight for dinner.”
W. G. Leutner, chairman of the Ranney Scholarship Fund, has advised the personnel department that seniors from Cleveland, 0. interested in advanced study in law are eligible for the John Rufus Ranney scholarship fund. 4-6, 6, 7
R. E. Allen, sales manager. Crane Packing Company, Chicago, 111., will visit the University soon to visit ME seniors for sales engineering. 4-5, 6, 7
Kappa Psi
Whiting Products Company, Evanston, 111., is interested in employing a mechanical engineering senior for foundry production work after his graduation. 4-5, 6, 7
P. S. Strecker of the Grand Rapids Division Stamping Div., General Motors Corporation, will visit Purdue soon to employ electrical engineers foT electrical maintenance work. 4-5, 6, 7
W. H. Harrison, director of the re^ search department of the Continental Can Company, Chicago, 111., is interested in employing Science seniors specializing in chemistry and bacteriology, and chemical engineei^ for traimng in technical work on food cannery problems. 4-5, 6, 7
Harold E. Brooks, Armour and Company, Chicago, 111., plans to employ an ME senior in the automotive department to handle ^gineering problems in maintenance of truck fleets, and another in time and motion study work. 4-5, 6, 7
. . . national pharmacy honorary, announces the pledging of the following men: T. D. Carpenter, Columbus; R. Hass, Freeport, 111.; L. Sainte, Goodland; P. Scott, Monticello; P. Sivits, Ft. Wayne; F. J, Sutp, Perth A.mboy, N. J.; F. Smucker, Middlebury; J. Money, Spencer; H. Schaeffer, Lowell; L. Yoder, Goshen; G. Watson, La Crosse; and H. Siebenthal, La Crosse.
J. L. Baylass, Jr., president. The Jefferson Island Salt Mining Company, Louisiana, is inteiested in employing June graduates in engineering. 4-5, 6, 7
We Think It Good Business To Give You More For Your Money It costs Crown more to clean clothes because they use the Monite Moth Proofing Process. But it has proved a good investment—^more people depend on Crown Cleaning since we instituted this additional clothes protection. — NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR THIS SERVICE — Orowpi Laundry n N E. C L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Notices
Westminster Students: Skating; party Saturday, April 16, at 9 p m. Come to bouse. All with cars please bring them. —OWENS.
Radio Club: Meeting postponed to Tuesday, April 9, at 7:30 in room 254 of the EE Building.
WAA Basketball: Girls interested in going to the basketball playday at Chicago on Saturday, April 6, must report for practice every night this week at 6'p. m. —FRASER.
Physics 1 B Conditions: Examinations will be held in room 210 of the chem. and met. building, Saturday, April 6, at 1 p. m. —SHERMAN.
G E 35: Removal of conditions Examination April 13. Make arrangements for taking the examination in room 109 before Friday, April 12. —OWEN.
Pnrdue Christian Foundation: Election of officers for next year will be held next Sunday, April 7. —BRAND.
CHILDREN'S DANCING CLASSES NOW BEING ORGANIZED SATURDAY APRIL 6th ENROLL BALLET AND TAP CLASSES DIVIDED ACCORDING TO AGE. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6U. md Fccry
HEADQl/dftTEnS
for Style and Quality !Doua£al ygmPBBC ^ $5.00
Spring Sportswear Shirts . . 98c and $1.48 Slacks . . $1.98 and up Shoes . . $1.98 and up Sport Shirts .... 98c
224 Main |^EL|ABLE CLOTHING CO.
Street
Street
Sigma Delta Chi: Bteetlng Tuesday, April 9, at 7:S0 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Gordon Bndera will epeak. A short business meeting will follow. —TBRBIO. ■^Wesley Foundation: Folk games Party Saturday evening, April 6, at the Methodist church at 8 p. m. Free. All welcome, especially couples. —MCFADDEN.
254, Electrical Building; F-Le. X«»m 129, Electrical Building; 14-]^ Ro^ 2B1, Oivll Building; S-Z, Room 191, MlchaM Golden Shops , —KNAPP. Co-ops: There will be a SCA board meeting in room 302 of the Union, Tuesday, April 9, at 7 p. m. —BROWN. 1
All Students: Will those subscribers to Scriveners who did not receive their copy phone Metz, 8421, or Alexander, 2678. (4-11) ' —METZ. Pi Tau Sigma: Please get catalogue cards from Jane Templeton in ME office. When card is returned, you will receive a copy of the Condenser, (4-8) —EILERENG. YWCA Cabinet: No i'egular meeting Thursday, April 4, Retreat Saturday, April 6, at 817 N. Salisbury at 3 p. m. All cabinet members please be there. —COOLEY.
AH Co-eds: Co-eds interested in securing summer positions as counselors at Girl Scout camps are asked to apply at the Placement Service for Women at once. (4-7) —HOULTON.
Advance Course Students: Call at Adjutant’s office for your pay. (4-7) —WISBLOGEL.
Artists, Pntterers, Playahop Members: Art work on Varsity Show is under way. Skilled workers are desired. Please call Bob Hettema or Jack Miller. (4-7) -HETTEMA.
Reamer Club; Rough Initiation Saturday night. Actives will leave from the east entrance of the Union between 7 and 7:80 p. m. Wear old clothes. Don’t forget equipment —BEILEY. Agricultural Engineering 11: An examination to remove conditions in Agricultural Engineering 11 (Mechanics of Agriculture) will be given Saturday, April 20. Come to room 105, old agricultural engineering building, to arrange for the examination This arrangement must be completed by April 18. " —RICHEY. HUBLER.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting at 7 p. m. before the ASOE meeting Tuesday, April 9, in the Civil Engineering reading room. —CORNELL.
Omicron Nu: Meeting Thursday, April 8, at 4 p. m., home economics building, room 107. —HOWITZ.
Cloissified Ads FOR SALE FOR SALE—^Typewriters. All maJcee. standard and pontabie, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines ss low as $29.7S. Siqjldies. C. F. Ebenh^, 605 Main street. FOB SALE—1986 Ford Deluxe Sport Phaeton. L. Berg, 112 East Oak St., W. L.
ASME: Meeting Thursday, April 11, at 7:30 p, rii., room 208, mechanical engirieering building. Dr. M. Buffington, physical chemist and research engineer of the Servel Co will speak on the "Engineering Principles of tiie Electrolux Refrigerating Unit ’’ Interesting demonstration apparatus —VOYLES.
FOR RENT Bnss —Benfrvi-Cfr Ows for all tIbS!”*'
Mbs. $S.B0 all algltt. Phone
LOST AND FOUND Lost: Monday—Slide rule with name of "Charles Schaefer" on it. Finder call 66868. Regard.
Freshman Engineers: Stndents-nssigned to Engineering Lectures will report on Saturday, April 6, by schools as follows: Students wh6se names begin with A-E, Boom
Lost: Fair of plastic rimmed glasses in Union, Wednesday, April 3. Reward. Call Bothrock. 45964.
CROSLEY RADIO Portable Batteivy and Electric $13.99 up CROSLEY “Sh^lvador” Refrigerators—6 cu. ft. Models $99.95 - $119.95 - $139.95 Washers, Ironers, Vacuum Cleaners Service and Parts C.B. KLINKER SALES CO. 827 Main Street Phone 7950
Goodwin's Shoe Store 302 State Street Phone 5353
SPECIAL OFFER
The American Woman COOK BOOK Publisher's Price $3.75 PIGGLY ^ H WIGGLY S1 .79 Price Only With $5.00 Purchase
110 VINE ST-
WEST LAFAYETTE
K\