l>s
mm
'•A’i‘'”.
1400 COUPLES D^nce At 35th Junior Prom
Wi^p
Eilabilihed 1889
zpameM W Dail^SInca 190^
BASIBALL TEAM Defeats I HffWfS See Sports Page
Volume 53/No. 171
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, April
Martha Upton Will Sing Bogue To Feature A a ^ .. T I" Vogue' At Convocation Tomorrow
Cdnvo Committee Sponsors
Board Of Trustees Name New Staff Promotions
Special Program At 3, P. M.
Penny Carnival Will
By Dick Blackburn Martha Lipton will be the featured soloist at a special convocation to be held tomorrow at 3 p.m. in the Music Hall. Admission will be by student passport, season ticket or general MhfiisSion ticket, which will be on sale at the door for 55 cents. Miss Lipton is hailed over the country as “America’s Prize Wifinirig Contralto.” Soon after she stopped outside work and devbtdd all h^J' to her mu- — —^ —
Feature Swimming,
Dancing Tonight
sic* she captured her first big prize, a fellowship to the JuiliiaM Graduate School. Then in the winter of 1940 she won an award from the MacDoWell Club. It entitled her to a New York concert and constituted her first public recital. Then came extensive radio work, appearances on the Radio City Opera of the Air, Walter Dhmroch’s Magic Key program and many others. • Awarded High Honor In May of last year Miss Lipton won her greatest prize, a $1,000 award from the Young Artists’ Contest sponsored by the National Pbderation of Music Clubs. After being named one of the major discoveries in the twenty-six year history of the contest. Miss Lipton found no trouble in contracting engagements all over the country. She has recently appeared with the Bridg'eport Symphony, the Norfolk Symphony and with the Pittsburgh Symphony in a performance of Verdi’s “Requiem” under the baton of Fritz Reiner, Born In New York Martha Lipton was born and redred in New York and received her early mu.sical education from liar mptheiv-Esthelle Lipton, a noted concert singer off her day. Miss Lipton is the first young artist, who ■show.s promise of attaining fame in the futdre, to be- presented in a convo. The manner in which the student body receives her will dictate future policy in selection of programs, according to Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the University convocation committee.
Sigma Xi Will Hold Annual Initiation Today In Union
Sigma Xi, national science honorary, will hold its annual initiation at 4 p. m. today in the Faculty , Lounge of the Union. One alumnus member, 62 active members, 30 graduate associates and 16 undei'graduate associates will be initiated. The annual dinner, open to all members and initiates and their guests, will follow at 6 p. m. in the south ballroom. Tickets for the dinner may be purchased from Prof. DeVries of the chemistry department for eighty-five cents.. Dr. Chen to Discuss Alkaloids “Some Recent Studies on Alkaloids” will be the topic of the lecture which will be given by Dr. K.. K. Chen, director of pharmacologic research for the Eli Lilly Company, at 7:30 p. m. in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter hall this evening. In this, lecture, which is the last in a series sponsored by Sigma Xi, Dr. Chen will outline the hi.story ofalkaloids, briefly discuss their medical uses and deserihe some of the current research on the development of new alkaloids. The public is invited to attend this meeting.
Tonight from 7 to 11 the annual WAA Penny Carnival will be held in the Memorial Gymnasium. Sportswomen, coed athletic honorary which sponsors the carnival, has announced that part of the proceeds will be given to war relief. The decorations, the many concession stands and booths and the side shows will lend' a carnival atmosphere. The sororities and halls are entered in a booth contest which will be judged at 7:45 on the basis of cleverness, originality and profits. ' ' Country Dancing to Be Featured There will be a tumbling act at 8 and two swimming performances by Triton, women’s swimming honorary, at 8:30 and 8:46. The first will be a floating ballet with many coeds participating, and the second will be an exhibition by Miriam Price and Betty Harrison. There will be dancing, both country and ballroom, from 9 to 11. The country dancing is a special feature of this year’s carnival and music for it will be supplied by Wimpy’s band. Refreshments of ice cream, pop and candy will be sold. The carnival is open to all and tickets priced at 10 cents may be purchased at the door.
Verle Bogue and his band will present their “Music in Vogue” for the regular mixer tonight from 8:30 to 11:30 in the North Ballroom of the Union. This is the second mixer this year at which Verle Bogue has played. The backdrop for the mixer will be ^the same one used for the Junior Prom last night. Vocalists will be Bogue himself, 14 year old Margie 'Burling, and the Raye Sisters, Al, Flo, and Billie, who sing’ over radio station WMBD.
Interfraternity
Presidents
Began As a Singing Doorman Bogue got his start in’ music at a theater in Fort Wayne as a “singing doorman.” He then sang on radio station WOWO, Fort Wayne. His next job was with an orchestra as vocalist, and then he started his own band. During the past summer he played at Riviera-on-the-Lake, Lake Geneva, Wisconsin; Summit Beach Park, Akron, Ohio, and the Waldameer Beach Park, Erie, Pennsylvania. He is now located at the Inglaterra Ballroom in Peoria for the fall and winter season. The regular admission price of one dollar will be charged for the mixer.
Interfraternity Presidents Council held election of officers recently'at their regular monthly meetElected as president was Bill Rider, Phi Kappa Psi. Other officers are as follows: Bob Hadr ley. Sigma Pi Epsilon, vice president; Bill Hammer, Sigma Nu, secretary arid Bill Fiek, Delta Chi, treasurer.
University Calls For Appikants To Defense Classes
List Includes
Ten Professors
Playshop To Give Final Performance
Of 'Male Animal'
T.K.NossWill Leave
Today For Active
Duty In U. S. Navy
Stratton To Speak
Sigma Delta Chi Elects Armstrong
Four Graduates Begin Naval Flight Training
For New President
Four former University students, Douglass D. Getchell, Joseph A. Cooper, William D. Seeley and Delbert C. Karr, recently were appointed Naval Aviation Cadets and transferred to the Naval Air Station at Pensacola, Florida, for flight training. These men received their preliminary training at Aviation Base in Glenview, Illinois, and successfully completed their elimination training course in February. Upon completion of the sevenmonth course at the “Annapolis of the Air,” they will receive their designations as Naval Aviators, with' a commission in the Naval Reserve or the Marine Corps Resei ve, and will go on active duty.
Sigma Della Chi, national journalistic honorary and sponsorers of the annual Leather Medal and Best Teacher awards, announced the election of John H. Armstrong to the presidency of the organization. Don Brophy was elected vice-presi-dent, with Jack Thompson, secretary, and Bob Hadley, treasurer, being the other officers.
Four Musical Groups To Hold Annual Dinner
Local Clubs Hold Conveni-ion In Union
Tippecanoe County Federation of Clubs held its twentieth annual convention yesterday in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. The convention began at 10 a. m. and adjourned at 4 p. m. Pi'ofessor L. M. Sears addi'ossed the group on “Indiana’s Contribution to American Thinking.” Mrs. George W. Jaqua, director of the Women’s Division of the Indiana State Defense Council, gave a talk on the subject, "The Women Arc Awake.” About 150 women attended the convention.
Four University Musical Organizations, concert choir, univei’sity choir, men’s glee club and orchestra, will hold their , annual dinner tomorrow at Lincoln Lodge at 6 p. m. . A, P. Stewart, directoi' of musical organizations, will preside at the dinner. New officers will be inaugiu'ated, and present officers will letire. An award in the form of a plaque, which hangs in the Music Hall, will be given to the senior who has conti ibuted the most to the organization in the last four years. This is the sixth award of this nature.
Alpha Xi Delta, social sorority, is ho.st tKis week-end to a convention of the sorority province, which includes active and alumnae representatives from the Universities of Illinois, Monmouth, Lombard and Washington. • Lectures, round table discussions and other sessions will be held today in the local chapter house. Mrs. William M. Williams, Province President, will preside. Dean Dorothy Stratton will give the opening address at the beginning session to be held at 9 this, morning. “The Individual Builds His .Own Defense” Will be her subject. Miss Philena Palmer of the clothing department will speak on “Keeping Up With Priorities,” placing particular emphasis on the present clothing situation. Mrs. Nina Mahin gave . the Key-note speech at the Founderp’ Day Banquet held last night. Dinner this evening in the Chestnut Room of the Union will be followed by a dance at the local chapter house. The convention will close with the serving of Sunday breakfast.
T. K. Noss, professor in the department of education and applied psychology, is leaving the University today to assume his duties as a Lieutenant, Senior grade, in . the United States Navy. Ho came to the University in 1935 as an assistant to Dr. Hall and was appointed assistant professor of sociology "in’ .1939. ' : Awarded both a Scholarship and fellowship' during his undergraduate years at Princeton, Noss received his A.B. degree from that school in 1925. In 1929 he received a bachelor of divinity degi’ee from the Union Theological Seminary of New York. He taught at the University of Connecticut, Phillips A.ndover and Kansas State Teachers College before coming to the University.
Purdue Players Hold Picnic Next Tuesday
By Art Hunter / Hats off to H. K. Carmichael and W. L. Deam for an excellent casting job and an uproarious play in their most reeent Playshop production, “The Male Animal.” After having read previous rev,iew3 and having talked to those who attended previous performance's, we walked into Fowler Hall last night with high expectations. We’ve seen good, bad and medium indifferent Playshop productions but this one just about tops them all. We especially Hked the natural manner in which the major part of the cast slipped into the roles of this Thui’ber comedy.' John Clark was good, both drunk and sober, as a Midwestern University professor fighting to keep his wife, and to-teach his students as he sawfit. As his wife, Barbara Nord, stood out in her performance of a slightly bewildered but decidedly loyal mate. Characters Well Played Ann Ostrander handled quite well her part as the college coed torn between the fires of intellect and brawn. Also meriting attention wore the performances turned in by William Simpson, Harold Warren, Betty Wedge. If you haven’t already seen it we I'ccominend that you drop in at Fowler Hall tonight for the last performance of “The Male Animal.”
Applications will still be accepted for the two new defense classes in engineering general chemistry and production metallurgy which opened this week. Applications should be made at the Lafayette district office, room 211, Electrical Building, phone 7311. These classes are part of the University program authorized by the United States office of education. The engineering general chemistry will meet two nights a week for eighteen weeks. William Shapiro of the chemistry department staff will bei the instructor of this class, which will combine classroom discussion and laboratory work to cover much the same material as freshman chemistry and give the student a working knowledge of chemical elements and properties of matter. Tom McCormick, . chief metallurgist of the aluminum plant at Lafayette, will teach the class in production metallurgy. This class will place emphasis on methods of producing metals and their alloys and will meet twice a week for fifteen Weeks.
Professor Marshall
Presents 75 Books
To Math Dept
Reservation.s for the annual .spring picnic of Purdue Players and members of the cast and crew of “The Male Animal” must be made by noon today with the Playshop secretai'y in Fowler Hall. . The picnic will be held at 4:16 p. m. Tuesday, Participants will meet on the steps of Fowler Hall and proceed to the picnic grounds behind the stadium. In case of rain, the afl'air will be held in Fowler Hall.
WBAA Will Present
New Farm Program For Rural Listeners
Little Movie Convo Committee
Physics Honorary To Induct Meissner
Tau Kappa Alpha
, . . national forensic honorary, announces the initiation of the following persons: George Zissis, Dick DeLong, Maurice Udes, Jame.s Bray, Faith Wayne, Bill Swager. In addition the following officers were elected: Bob Weiss, president; George Zissis, vice president; Faith Wayne, secretary and treasurer.
Dr. Karl Wilhem Meissner, professor'of physics at the University, will be formally inducted into Sigma Pi Sigma, national physics honorary society, as an honorary meiP^ bei’ on Tuesday, Api'il 21, at a banquet given by I the local chapter in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union at 6 p.m. Dr. Meissner, who has distinguished himself in the fields of optics and spectroscopy, speaks following the meeting.. The initiation of new members will be conducted before the banquet. Those to be initiated are: Dr. E. E. Sehlesinger; E. M. Roschke, Seymour Benzei’, Paula Berger, George Best, George Cooper, and Leo Marcus.
First performance of the new “WBAA Barn Dance” program, designed to bring good entertainment to Indiana .farmer’s and their families, will be given this afternoon fi'Om 1:30 to 2. The new pr’ogram will consist of entertainment by talent from Tippecanoe county and other parts of Indiana. A four or five-piece band, guitar players, soloists and comedians will be featured. Announcer for the program will be Bill Warrick, member of the WBAA student staff. The program will be broadcast fi’om WBAA audience studios in the basement of the Music Hall, and will be open to the public free of charge.
University Board:of Trustees accepted sevei’al gifts to the school at their meeting this week. Among the gifts were seventy-five books from the private library of Professor William Marshall, former head of the department of mathematics. These books will be placed in the departmental library. The American Blower Corp. started a student loan fund with a $100 cash gift. Adolph Wolter, Indianapolis artist, px’esented a plaster plaque to the School of Agriculture. The National Pest Control Association, Ipc., and H. E. Jennings of the Smithereen Co. made contributions of $70 and $25, respectively, for the Pest Control Operator’s student loan fund. The Military Ball committee gave $100 for the student loan fund. Other cash contributors were W. C. Wilkinson, Camden, N. J.; Marshal E. Murphy, Bridgeport, Conn., and A. Sangex’mano, Washington, D. C.
Spivak, Pearl Play For 1,200 At Prom
The following faculty promotions for University staff members, approved at the quarterly meeting of the Board of Trustees, were announced yesterday by President E. C. Elliott: From Instructor to Assistant Professor: John A. Bromer. Psychology; R. W. Leutwiler, Jr., Mechanical Engineering; John H. Matthews, Civil Engineering; Edward McMaken, Department of Military Science and Tactics; William H. Headlee, Zoology; Robert A. Hume, John R. Lindsay, and Winifred Lynskey, English; Julian S. Schwinger, Physics; Leland S. Winch, Speech. From Assistant Professor to Associate Professor: p. R. Elliker, Dairy Husbandry; B. E. Montgomery, Entomology; E. E. Scbrietzler, Poultry Husbandry; J. P. Seaton, Soils; Harold A, Bolz, Machine Design; David S. Clark, Mechamcal Engineering; Paul Pa tout and Herbert J. Muller, English; Joseph W. Robinson, Political Science; H. J. Yearian, Physics. From Associate Professor to Pro- ' fessor: Burtis C. LaWson, Vocational Education; Murial G. McFarland, Home Economics Education; E. P. Bruhn, Aeronautical Engineering; H. F. Girvin, Applied Mechanic^; G. A. Hawkins and E. N. Kemler, Mechanical Engineering; Ed. P, Degering, Chemistx’y; C. T. Haiard, Mathematics; F. D. Martin, General Chemistry; H. H. Wikel, European .History. ■'■-■•'■fe. Clarence E. Dammon, Prom jpirector of Admissions to Director of Admissions with the rank of Assistant Professor. Wilfi’ed E. Vogler, From Director of Personnel for the Schools of Engineering and Science to Director of Personnel for the Schools of Engineering and Science with the rank of Associate Professor. Guy L. Mackey, From Director of the Division of Physical Education for Men to Director of the Division of Physical Education for Men with the rank of Associate Professor. V. G. Freeman, From Assistant Professor of Animal Husbandry and Associate Dean of the School of Agriculture to Professor of Animal Husbandry and Associate Dean of of the School of Agriculture. . Carleton S. Sprague, From As-* sociate in Engineering Experiment Station to Associate in Engineering Experiment Station with the rank of Assistant Professor. From Assistant to Associate: E. (Continued on page 2) "
Last night over 1,200 couples danced at the thirty-fifth annual Junior Prom in'both ballroorhs of the Union to the music of Charley Spivak and in the cafeteria to the “Sunset Music” of Ray Pearl. Besides furnishing music for the couples Ray Pearl’s pet dog was present on the bandstand to entertain the dancers. This dance was the last formal of the present semester.
Holmes Will Speak To Meredith Group On Pearl Harbor
Dr. J. Roy Leevy
Smith Memorial Choir Will Present Cantata
... of the department of education and 'applied psychology, addressed the adult education group at Gary College, Gary, last ’Phursday evening. His subject was “Education 'and Living in a Modern World.”
Westminster Girls Elect New Officers
... of the Student Art Guild, sponsprer of the recently completed series of six monthly Little Movie Convos depicting the history, technique, and artistic aspects of the motion picture, is shown above, left to right, Edith Wildermuth, chairman Betty McCartney, Larry'Kaitz, Mary Boynton, and Sam Clow. The series of programs presented included fiction as well as non-fiction films of foreign and domestic production. .Due to President Elliott's personal interest in the project, the Music Hall was made available for the performances. The situation whereby many persons were unable to attend the movies because of necessarily limited s'howings will be remedied if programs of this type are to be presented during the coming year.
“Creation,” a cantata by Hayden, will be presented tomorrow evening at 7:45 p. m. by the Paul Tineher Smith Memorial Choir in the West Lafayette Methodist Church. This music, presented for the first time April 1, 1798, won immediate acclaim in the field of religious master pieces. Its text is taken from the Bible and Milton’s Paradise Lost. Solois^ts will be Mrs. G. E. Joron, Mr. George H. Bush, Mr. Samuel Kellar and Miss Eleanor
Slopsema. '
Mrs. Ernest Holmes will tell the members of the Virginia C. Meredith Club about her “Experiences as an Army Officer’s Wife” at their regular monthly meeting at 4 p, m. next Monday. Her husband, a colonel in the army, is now locate in Hawaii. She and their three children wex’e with him at Pearl Harbor during the early Japanese att^icks, but left to arrive in this country on January 6. This meeting will be held in the Home Economics Building auditorium, and all club members aM urged to attend. Geraldine Pugh la chairman of the committee in charge, and is assisted by Ruth Foland and Kathleen Gannon.
Gloria Niemeyer, a junior in the Pharmacy school, was recently elected president of the Westminster Girls’ Club. Other officers in-
clude Betty Miller, vice-president; Dr. A. A. Smith
Alice Louise Shoemaker, secretary, and Geraldine Bryant, treasurer. Miss Betty Carmichael, sister of Professor H. K. Carmichael and first president of the club at the time of its organization at the University, was a guest at the last
monthly meeting.
Canners' Association Presents Gift To Frasor
. . . of the department of education and applied psychology, spoke to the graduating class of Reynolds high school last night at their comriienceinent program. His subject was “Some Golden Keys for Modern
Youth.”
Roscoe Fraser, extension horticulturalist at the Univei’sity, 'Waa presented with a wrist watch by the Indiana Ganner’s Association, at their annual spring meeting. Fraser received this award tn recognition for his service to the Association in promoting closer cooperation among canners and growers and for his help in the improvement of horticultural crops in Indiana. '
■I
'"J’
'i-'
',1 '
Vi ji' ..U‘' ’ ^ I H 'ij. " '' ■'^' ' ^ \/‘ ''»'"’^/f15i '■ ’ "‘i i’ ’ ■' ‘■^i* V‘v/> "'■''r> ^ ^ ^ ’Vv" ‘'\‘ '’ \ Exponent ^ Editorial ■' ^'#i</"• FeatureSaturday, April is, 1942.
Burdue Exponent
All-Ameritan 1940-m
Offices: EititoriffI and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
.Gdhor-in.Chi«f .. .. Newo Editor MkAecInit Editor Bunlnoss Mannirer Circulation Monairrr Cord Editor
. .lolin F. Amos Don T. Brophy John H. Armstronjr William D. Millard Ken K. Gjcmre Alire Cliatllrld
Publication Staff Asaoriate Editors Editorial Staff: R. W. Hoswinklp. O. K. Bulr, W. G. Hoskins, A. P. Hiinter, I). W. Oihiltiw, W. E. Rulcrl, Sports Staff: D. K Hiewpr, ,1. S iknvson, E. I,. Karpiek, R. W. Knoger. Coed Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Ha«s, Jean Lauer, Doris rickeriny.
Business Staff ^oed Business Manager: Julia Marlin. Adsertising Managers: J. M. Wright, D. i,. Johnson, Circulation Manager: G. H. Kluumnn. AecouniS Manager! Trenn Torrciiga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Claik, Jane Keim,
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Ochiltree Day Editor: Beal
Sports Editor: Krieger Issue Editor: Frcyman
Reporters: Blaokbnrn. Tierney. Laner, Tyson. Altherr, ParPons, Davis and C. E. Sowauls.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March .'I, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 110,1, act of October ,1, 1917, authorixed January 20, 1922. Published daily ncept Monday during the regular academic year and
daily except Monday during me regular aoaaemic year ana weekly during the summer Session. Delivered locally liy carrier for $2.50 per year, mail .subscriptions, $4.00.
Represented for national advertising liy National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y’.
Two Weeks Left...
^Defense ^ Is Taboo,,.
With thi.s i.ssue the Exponent will terminate its use of the term “defense” when referring to efforts relating to our present altercation with the “sun’s offspring,” “Napoleon with mu-stache,” and the “Vassal.” In doing this we follow the lead of such shining examples as the treasury department which has at long la.st put out a series of war stamps to replace rather antiquated issue of “defense” stamps.
The Bottle Keck
THE CORK MARCHES IN LAST CORPS DAY The Cork’.s la.st march to Intramui'al Field was made thi.s week. We tried to hecome sentimental ahout it and let the .salt .‘-pi ay wa.sli oui cheeks but the tears fai-led to flow. Getting lid of the hot heavy uniform may have had .something to do with it. But even though we didn’t feel too soiiy about our last Third Street march, theie weie .seveial little things we were thinking about as we hut two three toured along.
There were the Chi O’s and the Kappa’s out on the lawn as usual to watch the uniforms, hut being watched more by the uniforms. The guys did “eyes rig-ht” and “eyes left,” in tuin, and even the platoon commander glanced because after all it was his last time too, but the Cork’s eyes weie stulibornly glued to a high cloud straight ahead. Our purpo.se was not that of being a good soldier, but lather to keep the resolution we made some time ago of refusing to adtf to the gills’ vanity by turning'' to look at them. The Chi O’s and the Kappas are good girls hut the Cork is lather .selfish when it comes to making anyone vain
On OUI left maiehed Ihe guy whom we rathei disliked all .semestci, and the dhslike was mutual. Whenever we closed the battery, theie was much malice in the extra half step each of us took toward the other ai we rammed tcgethei. We had nevei spoken to each other, let alone quarieled, hut in doing “diess right” or in doing/a tuin neithei tailed to make the other uncomfortable. • • At the field was the usual crowd with the cameras, the Ifield glasses and the loud voice.s to call to someone marching. Big dogs were being held by their frateinity brothers while smallei unorganized dogs lan wild Jind antagonized the duim majoi. The glass was (Continued on page 4)
uaad-id-
'Galjei?,,d|aT
Saturday, April 18 .
By l>rew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Thurman Arnold Forces Basic Changes In Business Set-lfp, Restolres Free Competifion
2:00 4;00
6:00 6:00 7:00 7:30
Three weeks from now nearly half of us will be enrolled in the first full summer semester offered by the University. Between now and then we .will see some of the busiest days of our college education and feel some of the greatest pressure we’ve ever felt. Without final exams many instructors will attempt to give its nearest counterpart in the form of several hour tests and it will take a concentrated drive to improve or even maintain our present standing. With all of this we must not fail to realize that planning a course of study for the summer semester is essential. Schedules of classes are now available in the registrar’s office as are “railroad tickets.” Corresponding to the fall .semester, this is the beginning of a new year for most of us and, where before we had a whole summer to decide what we wanted to take, we must now squeeze this selecting into two already crowded weeks. ’ For those who are undecided about their courses immediate action is even more essential because the approach of the end of classes for seniors and the start of the semester bring myriad additional problems to the teaching staff so that careful consideration of individual problems by them is impossible. With the world at war (how often we’ve heard those words) careful thought is more needed than ever before because the essential thing becomes, not whether or not you have a degree but whether you have learned what is necessary.
WASHINGTON, April 17—For many months hardboiled As.sistant Attorney General Thurman Arnold has made headline news with his sensational antitrust exposes and prosecutions of the biggest industrial giants in the country. The latest was the case of Standard Oil of New .Jersey and its synthetic rubber deal with the Nazi-controlled I. G. Farbenindustrie. This amazing record has won Arnold the title “the greatest trust-buster in history.” It is richly deserved. Arnold’s service to his country in smashing key monopolies is without equal, and incalculable in economic consequences. It is a safe bet that when the history of this period is written, Thurman Arnold, the former Yale law professor, will be credited with some of the mostf far-reaching economic reforms of the New Deal. For without the enactment of a single new law, and often despite the strenuous undercover resi.stance of Administration big-shots, Arnold has forced more fundamental clean-ups in big business than all the violently controversial New Deal measures combined. Arnold has struck directly at the heart of monopolistic control—patent domination. He ha.s smashed .some of the most powerful patent empires in existence and brought the light and life of free competition to thousands of independent business men. It is aceuiate to gay ttfat he has literally unshackled a number of major industries of the U. S. from the crushing lule of international monopoly. Busi^ed Carfels Few really-understand how gioat are Arnold’s exti aordinary achievements in accomplishing this result. The average newspaper reader visualizes Arnold’s trust-busting triumphs in terms of theii effect in the United States. Actually they are a great deal more far-i caching than that. s In every one of his major attacks Arnold not merely destroyed a domestic monopoly but he also smashed the foundation of that monopoly—an international cartel, which, with a few exceptions, meant a German alliance, secretly used by the Nazis to fiuther their plans for world conquest. This is Arnold’s cartel-busting recoid to date: Military optical goods—The American Bausch & Lomb Company compelled to sever its tie-up nith the German Zeiss corporation. Magnesium—The Aluminum Corporation of America and Dow Chemical Company forced to break lies with I. G. Farbenindustrie. Beryllium-—Beryllium Corporation of America (which voluntarily asked Arnold to intercede) unshackled from Nazi connections. Tungsten-carbide—vital in the manufacture of machine tools. Geneial Electric and Krupp hook-up broken. The day General Electric was indicted on monopoly charges in this case the price of tungsten carbide plummeted from $205 a pound to $50 a pound. During all the time Geneial Electiic was charging $205 to $453 a pound for this cuicial product, it was selling for $50 a pound in Gei many. Electric lamps—Geneial Electric compelled to sever tie-ups with A. E. G. in Goimany and Phillips in Holland. Electric light glass bulbs—Coining Glass Company forced to break ties with Phillips. Potash and Nitrogen—Allied Chemical Company and DuPont compelled to end monopoli.stic controls. Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals—Sterling Chemical Company forced to sever its tie-up with I. G. Farbenindustrie; Schering Chemical Coiporation forced to (jo the same with the Schering Coipoiation of Beilin. These disassociations meant the opening of vast South Ameiican chemical and pharmaceutical markets to American business men. Dye stuffs and Photographic supplies^—Genei al Aniline Company pinged of its tie-up with I. G. Farbenindustrie and a number of German-American officials. This also opened great South American markets in these lines to U. S. firms. Synthetic rubber and a number of vital chemicals, such as toluol, used to make TNT—Standard Oil of New Jersey compelled to sever its tie-up with I. G. Farbenindustrie and to make .some 2,000 patents available to any U. S. company royalty free during the wai. Theie is more of thi.s kind ol business-freeing car-tel-busting up Arnold’s sleeve. Unless he is “kicked upstairs” or blocked by undei cover Administration knifing, he plans other exposes and pro.-,ecutions as sensational as those he has already chalked up. Arnold knows just what he wants to do and how to do it and unle.ss he is stopped you’ll be reading headlines about more of his coups at frequent intervals. Note: Ace Arnold aide in this history-making antimonopoly crusade is Joe Borkin, a young, two-fisted redhead who is probably the greatest cartel authority in the world. Overpaid One of the chaigcs Robert R. Guthiie, foimer chief of the WPB’s textile divi.sion, made against his erstwhile ddllar-a-year associates when testifying before the Truman Committee was that the WPB’s failuie to spooil up conversion of the cotton industry to war protluclion was due chiefly to dawdling. He declared that Frank L. Walton, a dollar-a-year suboidinatc in chaige of cotton for the te.xtiles division, had not been diligent in planning for cotton war needs'. “I tried to speed him up,” said Guthrie. “In fad, 1 got eight or fen men fo help him, hut it didn’t seem lo do any good. •‘You got too many,” interposed Senator Tom Connally of Texas. “Down in my State, we used fo twist a mule’s nose or build a fire under him when ho got balky.” “I tried to build a fire under him,” replied Guthrie. “Your fire went out,” .said Connally. “Is it your idea that dollar-a-year men are overpaid?” '“In some cases.” ' “They’re not overpaid by the companies that are now paying their salaries,” broke in Senator Truman. “It’s the government that is overpaying them.” (Copyright, 1942, by United Featiue Syndicate, Inc.)
7:30 8:30
8:30
P.M.—Baseball—Illinois Bgseball Diamond P.M.—Sigma Xi Initiation Both Faculty Lounges, Union P.M.—Alpha Xi Delta Buffet Supper..R()oms 332-334, Union P.M.—Sigma Xi Banquet South Ball'room, Union P.M.—Penny Carnival Women’s Gym P.M.—Sigma Xi Open Lecture Lecture Room, Stanley Coulter Hall P.M.—Playshop .. Eliza Fowler Hall P.M.—Phi Mu Dance West Faculty Lounge, ^ Union P.M.—Union Mixer South Ballroom, Union
Today On
WBAA
Daily Health Service Report
SATURDAY
Placement For Women
Faculty
Indianapolis Methmlist Hospital offers training in' X-ray technic to students who have completed at least two fears of college with work in physics and chemistry. The course is one year in length. No compensation is offered in either salary or maintenance, but there is no tuition. Students interested should call the Placement Service, for Women (2955) for further information. George W. Bailey, Chairman, Radio Section, National Research Council, 2101 Constitution Avenue, Washington, D. C., states that there is immediate need for one hundred women trained for research in physics. There will undoubtedly ho a not'd for a thousand more in the near future. There is a tremendous need for women with ctnirses in the fundamentals of ladio. Women are needed for work in conned ion with radio locator in research laboratories and in the development and installation of radio coiiiiminicatioii facilities.
CIVIL SERVICE
’fhe U. S. Civil Soivice Commission announces an examination for Junior Chemist ($2,000 a year). Requirements include a college degree with 30 hours of chemistry. Anyone interested should write immediately to U. S. Civil Sciviee Commission, Washington, D. C. U. S. Civil Service Commission announces tiaining for student nurses. Applications must bo on file at Washington, D. C., not later than May 13, 1912. U. S. Civil Service Commission announces an examination foi Junior Stenographer ($,1140 a year) and Junior Typist ($1,260 a year). U. S. Civil Service Commission offers tiaining for Junior InspectorTrainee, Ordnance Material, at $1,440 a year. To qualify, women must have had two yeai s of college work, including one year of mathematics and one year of chemistry or one year of physics. U. S. Civil Service announces examinations foi Junior Professional Assistant ($2,000 a year) in the fields of public administration, business analysis, economics, home economics, library science, mathematics, us well as for positions as chemists, engineers, physici.st.s, and technolog ists.
(Continued from page 1) L. Butz and T. K. Cowden, Agricultural Economics; A. J. Ullstrup, Botany; J. W. Wilbur, Dairy Husbandry. O. W. Ford, Agricultural Chemistry; From Assistant Chemist to Associate Chemist. F. P. Zscheile, From Assistant Chemist in the Department of Agricultural Chemistry with th'fe rank of Assistant Professor to the Associate Chemist in the Department of Agricultural Chemistry with the rank of Associate Professor. Lynn S. Robertson, From Assistant in Farm Management with the rank of Associate Professor to Assistant Chief in Agricultural Economics with the rank of Professor. New Ag Promotions From Assistant to Associate: P. A. Henderson, Agricultural Economics; J. L. VanCamp, Forestry. O. W. Mansfield, From Assistant County Agent Leader to Assistant County Agent Leader with the rank of Assistant Professor. R. H. Bauman, From Associate in Farm Management to Associate in Agricultural Economics with the lank of Assistant Professor. L. E. Hoffman, From Associate Director of ExLen.sion and County Agent Leader with the rank of Assistant Professor to Associate Director of Extension and County Agent Leader with the rank of Associate Professor. J. Carroll Bottum, From Associate in Farm Management with the rank of Assistant Professor to Assistant Chief in Agiicultural Economies (Extension) with the rank of Associate Profes.sor.
9:66 10:10 10:15 10:46 11:00 11:15 11:30 11:56 12:00 12:15 12:30 12:45 12:66 1:00 1:30 1:46 1:66 2:00 2:16 ■ 2:30 2:66 3:00 3:15 3:30 3:66 4:00
5:30 5:45 5:56 6:00 6:30 6:46 6:56 7:00 7:16 7:30 7:45 7:55 8:15 8:30
8:45 8:55 9:00 9:;)0 10:05
News The Curio Man Morning Melodies Theatre of Song Just Kids Music , High School Guest News Woman Shopper Tune Time—Charlie Powell Meet the Band Markets News Radio Stage Bobby Gunnels Music News The Stamp Club Script Musical Albums News Music Aftei-noon Melodies Tea Time Tunes News ' Purdue-Illinois Baseball Game Go To Church Sunday Little Miss Miiff'ett News Dinner Hour Spoits Review Weights and Measinos t^ews Monitor’.s New.s Round-Up Home Defense Parade of Business Music New.s 'Dave Hall—-pianist Fiom the Pi ess Box with Stew Wolfo Eventide Echoes News Union Mixer Band Music Off' (he Air
Marilyn Kugel, HE ’45; Eleailor Smith, HE ’46, and Mary McFarland, P ’42, entered the WRH infirmary for medical treatment. T. T. Makielski, CE ’44, and G. E. Rich, E ’46, were discharged fr4>Tn St. Elizabeth Hospital after receiving medical treatment. 'Virginia Stech, HE ’42, was discharged from Home Hospital after receiving suiv gical treatment. L. H. Woods, ME ’43, was discharged from St. Elizfibeth Hospital after receiving medical treatment. Eleanor Smith, HE ’46, and Mary ' McFarland, P '42, were discharged from the WRH infirmary. H. C. Leovy, PE *44, was discharged from St. Elizabeth Hospital after medical treatment. G, M. Baughman, E ’46;J. J. Nee*son, E ’45; I. S. Raphael, M.E. ’43; and Y. P. Schaevitz, M.E. ’43, entered St. Elizabeth Hospital ^or medical treatment.
Personnel Notes
Roots-Connersville Blower Corp., Connersville, Indiana. Coming April 21. Wants M.E. May and August graduates. Sign in Personnel Office liy 3 p.m. Monday, April 20. Electro-Motive Division of Gen’etal Motors, LaGrange, IlL Mi^Pf^iffor Process and Engine work),‘E.E. (for te.st work). Sign in Personnel Office by 3 p.m. Monday, April 20. Ritter Co., Inc., Rochester, N. Y. M.E„ E.E., Ch.E. Si.gn in Personnel OlFiee by Thursday, April 23. Lj brand, Ro.ss Bro.s. & Montgomery (Certifiecj Public'AecouhtantB,), Rockford, 111. Seniors with rhajor in accountancy. Sign in Pcr.sonnol Office by Monday, Apiil 20.
Dr. E. C. Young
. . . of the J'arni management department, will be in French Lick, April 20, where ho will'address the Advisory Council of the American Bankers’ Association.
Band Will Present" Concert- at- Peru
Univoisity Symphonic Band of 80 piece.s will leave the Music Hall at 9:30 Sunday morning for Peru, whci e they will give a' concert at 2:30 p. m. The concert, sponsored by the Pci u public schools, is to be held in the new school auditorium.
NIBROC PAPER TOWELS Ndno Better Prices to Suit
PHONE 7828 LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
I FRIENDLY SERVICE | = Uonded H = Gas and Oil =
Senior.s! Sub.-.cril)e lo the Exponent ! ^iiiiiliiiiHNiiiiiiiniTimiiiTiTrim i Dr. A. M. Irion | I — DENTIST — I § I 19 Vi Northwestern Ave. = 1 Phone 4965 | ^llllllllillllllllllllllllllllitUtllllllllHMIllllllillllfllllllliP
I T. & R. OIL CO., luc. I iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiifiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiifiiiiiiiifiiiiiiiiiiliiiiiiiii
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
GILLESPIE'S
Dishes
Silverware
Glassware
Cooking Utensils
Dining Room Furniture
221 Columbia St.
Phone 6405
STUDENT HELP WANTED g
Complete board job available for the summer teim -4 00 scholastic index required Apply G 0 Arbuckic, Cary Hall South
MFi¥£Tf£
LAST DAY,-
SABU delies the Jungle' Rudyaid Kipling's TME jyiKLfifloi!; 1^ rifftimtU
STARTS TOMORROW VUHI
A'Para’moiint Plctlirt y*ltti Rolatld YOling Albert DekkeC'-" Margaret Hayes
i i Henty toapa
SUNDAY - MONDAY UNEXPECTED UNCLE HERE COMES MR. )ORDAN MICKEY MOUSE
WSkA f ; » I r M
IK
M|aK MMiMpiipHMh MVETCR
I '^'M ^Jti m a,"' fif^ * ^'> ^1 *' f<- * 1-^
Vfr%^ 4^ #^ , 1**'’^ jt^v f ^
mi M j'l
IW-'S'^'^ Pis 1 j,
DEFEATS lUIMI. 6-:
# 4» lot P-V* -f“
Lea^vQ For ' J^ _ \ y H •ri ^ i Meet Today
Golf Squad Meets
By Clint Sovrards
With designs on first place, Coach Herman Phillips and 22 members of the Boilermaker track team leatd for Champaign, Illinois, niiie this morning to take part m a fbur way track meet with Illinois, Northwestern and Iowa * ' The contmgehtd from Iowa and the host school, Illinois, both have tinusually stro-ng squads entered m the contest, but this fact may befhi^ point that takes the meet away frOm both of them due to'a general program of throatcuttihg. led by a dn&h nian ■um named (Left Fairmer/i who comp6te& tiH^e Ca^tain'-Bort-Anthony, quaiin theiH&drpd, two-twertty, and the tei-milei, will be matched against
broadjiWBii'; He has established such lecords m these three fields that wins in them aie expected
from him with ease*
This would set the doin groweis off to a fine stait if the Ilhni did
Kelly, :fteet footed 440 man of the Hlmii., m what should be one of the thriWe^s of the afternoon A1 Jeptsch will match spikes with one of the highfest rated mileis in the confelence, Rayburn, fiom Illinois
not have top-notch peifoimers m also? and Kron, Boileimakei huidie the same thiee depaitments man, also is due foi busy afternoon Riveters Ready Throat Cutting Again With the same squad that faced In the field events the Boilei^he Spaitans fiom Michigan State, makeis aie weak and both Iowa and the Boileimakeis step into the pic Illinois aie tough, with the lattei favoied Noithwestern is not expected to offei a whole lot ot competition in the flay, howevei they still loom as a daik hoise Then squad boasts balance lathei than individual stais Rncteis Who Aie Entered A lostei ol the Boilermakei s making the tup today includes Keim, Banekei and Gauke in the dashes, Captain Bert Anthony, Ai chei and Ai nold in the quai tei mile, Jontsch, Kemp and Maiozick 111 the half mile, and Appleton Deuslei and McLaughlin in the dis lances Kion and Conant will take caie ot the huidle depaitment In the field events. Dodge and Livinghousc will bioadjump. Me Eachien and Andcison will high jump, Calhoun and Root will throw both the shot and discus, and Ed waids and Giimm will pole vault
lq!!^it Opener Boilermaker golfers get their fitst taste of comp^ition ih the new 1942 season this afternoon when they meet the Nbtre Dame sqUad of club sWihgers on the Irish course Excellent weather all this week has givbn the teams plenty of time to piaetice, and good form can be expected from bo’th aggregations This last week of outdoor training comes as a very fitting climax to the mdooj woik which Coach Haiiy Allspan has piesided ovei since msd-semestei Riveteis Have Experience Five seniois and a jjanioi com pose the six membeis of the Riveter club this yeai The seniors ihclude Tmnei Curian, captain of the squad, Wade Nipp, George Dahl, Doug McDaniel and Dave Rittei Rogers Shutt is the junior membei of the combination Geoige Dahl, an Indianapolis lad, is at present the defending state title holder These six gents aie fuithei aug mented by Fi ed Kroft, a senioi, and Charles Abernathy and , Charles Ainswoith, both sophomores
BASEBALL TODAY-2:OOP. M. PURDUE vs. ILLINOIS ROSS-ADE FIELD
The V-Ette whirlpool brassiere is fashioned to mould your figure into nature’s perfect lines. Whirlpool stitched cups assure a firm and youthful contour and retain the shapelrness ot the garment after laundering. Adjustable shoulder straps and narrow elastic diaphragm control.
Sizes 32-44
$2.50
Palais Roual ' r* """ >""
April 15, 1942
Dear Students:
The EXPONENT this year went through its most trying financial period since 1918-19. First it was the neisl press, its cost, installation and maintenance. Then it was increased costs and priorities on papsr and supplies. And finally a request by the University to publish on the regular schedule while it was financially expedient to publish only three days a week.
All students, seniors includedhave an opportunity to help maintain the EXPONENT on the campus by subscribing to its summer edition. Seniors can have their paper sent to them at home, at work, or in the service. Undergraduates that are not going to be here this summer will find the EXPONENT an efficient way of keeping up with the University. Even those in school can send one home to their parents—it’s much easier than writing. Seniors can send in their coupon, but keep the receipt. Undergraduates oan subscribe at the West Desk or down in the EXPONENT office after 4:00. Oh, yon, the rates il-l.SO May to September mail ‘11.25 May to September local Don’t put it off until next wqek—subscribe today! Sincerely yours, Ass't. Giro. Mgr. GHK/KKG
if Purdue q P O
Exponent D. T C
_ ‘!s4i Saturday, April 18, 1920
Page 3
Sps^fi^ og, SpoJdA,
All-Star Game With Service Nine Looms Mofinfain tjahdis, the czar of baseball was in New Yoik yesterday to watch the World Champion Yankees hoist another ■ pennant pi 101 to their initial home contest in the House That Ruth Built While m Gotham, Landis will confer with Piesidents Ford Fuck of the National League and Will Harridge of the Ameiican League with regard to changing the original plans foi the second major league all-star game /There has been an evei-increasing demand lecently foi a game which would pit a combined majoi league all star squad against a team of standout players now m the armed forces Since there will be two all stai tilts this year, the fiist scheduled for the Polo Grounds on the night of July 6, and the second listed for Cleveland on the following evening, we think that a seivice game would be a great attiactioii 76 Leave Majbrs For Army Speaking of baseball plaveis who have donned the livery of Uncle Sam, there aie no less than 76 Big Time playeis in the aimed forces at the present time With sifch men as Rapid Robert Feller, Hank Greenberg, Don Padgett, Benny McCoy and Hugh Mulcahy, to mention just a few, to choose fiom, it would be a simple matter to put a team on the field which would be the answer to any big league pilot’s piayei Rookies Shine While we are still on the subject of baseball, there weie a couple of rookies who leally came through with a bang last Wednesday afternoon One of these was young Willaid Marshall, who caught, hold of one of Kilby Higbe’s slants at the Polo Grounds and clouted a foui baggei into the nearby seats Since the bases were loaded at the time, the wallop was good foi foul runs and enabled the Giants tq hang up their first victory of the season The othei youngstei to whom we lefeiied was Vern Stephens, who has taken over the shortstop position in the St Louis Biowns’ infield Stephens also socked a homer which resulted in a victoiy foi the amazing Brownies over the White Sox Devil Diver Strong Derby Favorite With the Kentucky Deiby just two weeks away. Devil Divei is being touted as a strong possibility to come home in fiont in the greatest of all Ameiican tuif classics Devil Divei is a big bay colt who can lun on any kind of a tiack He has already beaten Whiilaway, and with the veteran jockey Eddie Aicaio slated to iide him on Deiby Day, it is easy to see why turf fans like him Incidentally, Aicaro will be shooting foi his thud Kentucky Deiby tiiumph when he goes to the post Twenty Grend Was Plenty Grand Anothei; Peason Why lacing fans go foi this entiy fiom Mis Haiiy Payne Whitney’s Gieentiee stables is because Devil Divei is a half biothei of that other great Kentucky Derby horse Twenty Grand It was just eleven years ago that the long legged son of St Germans Bonus, with little Chailey Kuitsingei in the saddle came fiom last at the club house turn to mow down the field and win the 57th Kentucky Deiby in a gallop That was a lace which was steeped with heaitbeats as well as hoofbeats for Kuitsingei was boin just back of the hill from Chuich ill Downs, and sneaked nndei the fence when he was a youngstei to watch Regret win hei Derby R WK
Leifheit Stars On Mound/ In Initial Conference Game
By Ed Karpick
Pre-game predictions were knocked into the well known (pocked hat yesterday afternoon, when “Dutch” Fehiittg^jl baseball team took the Illinois nine over the jumps by si score The Riveters put the game on ice with a six run bkll^ in the last half of the second inning Walt Leifhcit was the starting ■ hill lei foi the Boileimakeis, and he when Ed Paikei lined to Harry Mfehad things pietty much his own Fen an who thiew to Bill way until the last half of the hardt to complete the double puli', eighth inning when he began to Young Starts Rally
Ernie Young opened the big llttt half of the second with a 3nt|rl^jUi
plete command of the situation un- centei, and went to second m k
passed ball George Burgh&rdt, second man up struck out but Vfk*
Illinois when the catej^et
shortstop, slammed a loflg tuple dropped the thud strike and failed down the right field foul line with at first Tlus two men gone in the last half of the ® little out of the ordinary first inning, but died m his tracks George started away ftdpi
tiie and lose his contiol He fanned foui of the visitois and was m com
til this point
Leifhejt Checks Illini Boyd Baitley, classy
when Leifheit caused Astioth, the clean up man, to ground out, thud
the plate at a walk appareijHy grumbling to himself about fhh
IM ^dhedules
The following teams will play baseball Monday evening at 4
Diamond
Phi Gamma Delta vs Sigma Alpha Mu 1 Sigma Chi vs Acacia 2 Theta Xi vs Sigma Nu 3 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 4 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Phi Kappa 5 Alpha Sigma Phi vs Beta Theta Pi 6 Phi Sigma Kappa vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 7 Ward 27 vs Ward 24 8 Ward 21 vs Waid 23 9 Waid 8 vs Ward 36 10
The following “ V” Doubles tennis matches will be played at 4 Mon-
day evening
Couit
Sigma Pi vs Sigma Phi Epsilon 1 Sigma Nu vs Phi Kappa Tau 2 Triangle vs Theti Chi 1
Phi Delta Theta vs Alpha Chi Rho 4
Sigma Chi vs Kappa Sigma 5
^ ’’OOD'i
's
Tasty Dishes That Would Make The Most Exclusive Chefs Envious Food Prepared That Good Old-Fashioned Way at the CAFETERIA JAcfiwulujL WsmufudL lAnifitTi. The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
to fiist Fiom that point until the called strike When tbfe last half of the seventh inning only satchel failed to make the throw one man got as fai as second base, Geoige broke into a run aftet* he and he was doubled off the bag had walked half way down the haqff _______________________________ line, and made the bag ahead of the
catcher’s throw ^
Both lunnere advanced g b«3e
when Paul Milosevieh, the Hlitioig
backstop, threw wildly in an to pick Young olF of second Bob Kersey singled to right Young with the first run
game and the parade was staltcd.
Pass Loads Bases
Carl Hipp walked to fill the bssfs. Then Walt Smith singled to scoie Burghardt and Kersey ub second and third tallies. Wait heit aided his own cause by ing out an infield hit to again the bases Bill Burghardt Pitchei Chuck Campbell for a walk to force Call Hipp m from tfiifd
with anothei run
Duffy Friend fanned to prov^e the fiist out of the inning, Harry„ McFerian batted in the last ,two runs with a single to right, but BiR Buighaidt was out trying to around to thud on the single when Right Fielder Chuck Noth threw a beautiful line peg to third. El me Young batted for the sedond time in the inning and ground?ed out to end the inning Six rufisr weie bcoied on five hits, a pair ol walks and two eiiois Campbell Checks Riveters Fiom this point on, Chuck Campbell the Illinois huilei, pitched airtight ball and allowed only one man tp leach second base Walt Leifheit 1 cached the keystone sack wheb he singled and was sacrificed along by Bill Buighaidt Leifheit had tw® hits in thiee times at bat to share batting honois foi the Riveteta with battel y mate Walt Smith who did equally well Tom Hull, Illinois second saclfcdl-, scored the first marker for the visrt01 s when he singled, was moved, along to second by a pass to Pitejher Chuck Campbell, and scored oBr^a single to left centei by Bob It was in this frame that Ldifheit began to tire and started to have it little trouble with his control. !lA) issued one other pass but ended tlld inning by snaring a high p<^ fijl
to the mound
Captain Laver e Astinth opel^ the visitor's’ half of the eighth^v^^ a single Dutch Fehraig took Lhitheit out of the gapie after he, walked the next batter?,, and. small crowd gave Walter ^ piae hand for his peifoimance up to this
point
Misselhorn Relieves Sophomore Ed Mtsseihortr caifiit m to relieve Leifheit and retifed the nfxt thiee batters in order T^e Illmi counted their last run m tbiR first half of the ninth With oaa man out Bob Finn singled He safe at second when MisselhoriL thiew into the dirt on an attejnpt^d foice play The runner to thud on a single by Baitley, and scored when Altioth hit into a fofco
play
B” Doubles Tennis Matches at 4*
Coiiit
Beta Theta Pi \s Sigma Chi 6 Alpha Sigma Phi vs Sigma Alpha Mu 17 Acacia vs Pi Kappa Alpha 18 B” Doubles Tennis Matches at 5
Couit
Alpha Gamma Rho vs Phi Delta
Theta
Sigma Nu vs Alpha Tau Omega Kappa Delta Rho vs Sigma Phi
Epsilon
Phi Kappa Tau vs Sigma Alpha
Epsilon
Theta Xi vs Theta Chi
Tennis Courts 11, 12, 13, 11, 15 and 16 aic reserved for Qary Hall
Tennis Monday night
See Gil Wolter tor jour schedule
Sports Notice Sigma Delta Psi tests this aftei noon at 2 p m.
Broad Jump
High Jump Mile Run
Sports Shorts Pat McReavy, Dctioit Red Wing loiwaid, who lecently enlisted in the loyal Canadian an toice and hopes to visit Beihn in a bombei, lecalls a tup he made to Gmmany with a Canadian hockey team in 1937 “I had a schoonei ot daik Munchenei iii the Munich beei hall where Hitlei staged his putsch 14 yeais betoie It is good but if I had diunk two ot them I might have started a putsch myself Three of them and I would have been a fuehrer by this tune It’s poweiful
stuff ”
Giant Waiwiek, Allan Kuntz and Hub Macty all Canadians of the New Yoik Rangers hockey team, have played then last hockey foi the duration All thiee ait entci 111" thd Dominion aimed forces
GREETING CAROS FOR ALL OCCASIONS iversitv Book Store
Rfl 1 Saiiiniuns 29
Dul Tpple *40
Summary PURDUE W Burghardt Eriand if McFeiren 2b Yount 3b G Burgh irdt lb K-crjity tt Hipp If Smith L Ltithtit p Ml bLlhorn p Totals ILLINOIS 1 mn If Paiktr lb BartUy ss A'>troth 3b * Miioasvitch L. 4.t Noth rt IhiUip Lt Ruwti t Hull ^b Campbtll p I i) Schmitt
AB R H FO A A
0 0 0 Q
4 I 3 I 3 1 3 I a 0
0 i 0 9 t I 0 «
3» b 8 27 fft f AB K a PO A a
■ 2 3 4 t
a 0 0 I ft I ft u 0 0
I u u
i 0
I i
I 0 0 10ft
i
r
4
3
ft
ft I
UtiU ii i H 24 U a (III S(.hmiU battwl tor Campbell In Stk.
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg 4lh and Mam St Lafayette
I ur lin. llhiiii
ObO UOO Oftft^-ft oftft 00ft ifti a
tirors Miloseviteh l21 Miooftlhorft, Ihut. bust. hU Huitley Kune batted in. Keys » V Smith (2) W Burghardt MeFeyreol linn Vstioth Stuiek out by—Leitbeil 1 CampbtU b Wlumn* pitehM luetitMl, 1 ) nu. iiiuhti Campbell tTuitpirea AteiUbfc. der uiid Kramerdn, Jhs, ChuJichsiA.
*. Purdue Christian Foundation Sunda> Projiram At Lafayette Christian Church Sixth and North St. O'lfi—Catch luie fiom 131 S. Giant. a:30-Stiuiont Class .’ll! C. G. Irion of the Uinvcisitv Accountin£> Dept, Piesident of the Official r Board of the Chinch, ivill speak. The subject iv an impoitant one- “The Chiistian Education Ad\ancc” 10'40—Chuich Woiship Seivico “Who Is Wise?” IS the title of the seiinon the Re\ Doile Mullen will pleach Communion Scivice, as usual .'):15—Lcsove foi Chinch Bide m cjais from 131 S Giant 5‘.30—10c Siippci Note Place' .it Church Bide. 6’00—Foium “What About Waitime Weddines’” is the subject of the discussion peiiod to be led by Nancy Dawson and Ken Tiiiax Recreation will be led by Libby Baughman, while Dona Mane Iiion will lead us in Vespeis.
The Bottle Neck
(Continued from page 2) being flattened and tinned into a lighter shade of gieen as rank after lank maiched ovei the same path. The moiiinful crj of the brigade commandei gave the executive command foi “present ai ms” and the (^01 k snapped into a snappy salute. This was the last time in oin college days we would be saluting a student officei, but we w'cic glad w’hen ho howled “Oidei Arms” because 0111 aim has novel mastoied the habit of not getting impatient dining the last few seconds. • • We passed in icview and did “eye.s light” by the leviewing officeis They didn’t look too impiessive and we wondeie(f whetliei we weie “excellent ” On past we did eyes front and made a column of fonis. Gfoing out the gate the guy behind us stumbled on the post sticking up in the middle of the gateway He’s been stumbling on it all yeai and tbe Coik W'asn’t sinpiised.
Classified Ads
Sophomore Military Studenfa; All sophomores whose names appear on the list of those accepted lor the adv.intc course must Sinn contracts in the main office of the Armory prior to April 25. —RIORDAN Marrmae Course: MeotiuiS: Wednesday. April 22, in room 202 of Hcavilon Hall »t 7 30 for motion pictures no ndtos Tcim papers must he in bv Apnl 25 —WILKENING
Purdue Players: Annual picnic to be held Tuesday, April 22. Reseiyations are to be in at Plnyshop by Saturday noon, April 18 All members of cast and crow of "The Male Animal” arc invito dto attend —DUKE Delta RIio Kappa: Meetinp: Monday, April 20 at 6 in loom 307 of the Union. Outstiindinit dues arc payable at this time > —BIERLIN
S. C. A. Board: Important meeting Tuesday, Apnl 21 at 7 30 p m in the S. C. A. Room Attendance is essential Any S C A. mcmbei who is also interested is invited to attend —MOGAVERO Military Code Instruction; Men who qualified at 6-w-p-m or better and desire a certificate to that effect should contact Et. Burkhait in Instructors Room of Armory. —BURKHART
Typewriters- Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaiiod, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C .1 Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2770. I.sist: Cary Club pin Two diamonds, one sapphire Call 2324 Boh Youkey Lost: Hdhios wiist w.itch in men’s loom Union h.iscmint I indci please call .lOlOl loirtsl Day Rcwaid Rooms Tor rdlows: In niw insulated biicK Inipii Tilid shovvir Twin beds (loss vtntilitor Private c ntr.incc Phniu 2143
Saturday^ April 18^ 1942
All Students: Those interested in taking Spanish 73 (Ehgr Spanish) this summer please call me at 8^4 before April 25Course includes study of conversational and practical Spanish, M L. 61-62 are prerequisites —SHEEHY Military Juniors: Report to supply room of Armory not later than 4 :80 p.m. Monday. Apiil 20, to be measured for summer clothing —BROWN
Wesley Foundation Program At The First Methodist Church (Cornel Chauncey and South Sts ) 9:.30 — Student Chuicb School Classes. (1) Tow'aid A Cliiistian Ideal Of Brothel hood taught by Mis E. R Balsley. (2) Towatd A Bettei Undei standing Of God taught by Rev. E R. Balsley. 10:40—Mqining Woiship Seivico Dr Steele will speak on “Spiiitual Powei ” Special music will be famished by the Paul Tinchei Smith Choii. 5:45—Wesley Ve.speis. .A.t this seivice oui new piogiam will be presented toi the coming j^ai by our newly elected officei s and Dr Hughes will show moving pictures of this yeai’s Foundation W'OT k
The bdtteiy w'as ratliei noisy going back on Fointh Stieot and the lilatoon commandei who was a jun101 now didn’t say too much because he wanted to get in good wuth the guys The guys appieciated it too and became quiet and marched silently as we approached some officei s. They dismissed us and eveiybody changed fiom a solemn maiching step into a quarteibaek iiin, dodging the laigei fellows and smashing the smallei ones. We did too, because even if this was the Coik’s last coips day, the unitoim was hot and the Coik was in a helluva huiiy to be detached from It
Roy Wcatheily w'as the Indians’ only 300 hitto) in 1910 am^ Jefl Heath was the only one in that class in 1941
I'niversitj Presbf terian ('hurili North Street at Grunt Street .lohn \\. rindlcj, tiastoi and Ilirector ot Westminster Foundalioii .loanne IJoyd, oi gainst ' .Iim Gha’^c, chon <li.-o<(iii 9...0—Tli(^ sii'ilent d.v^s |.. siu.lvlug student ji obU nw, ai i Hide I) G a\ I s’Ic iilciship 11 cv w ill di - less the “Rilatioii of the SL.idsiit to the Pi 01 c - ,01 ” lh’30 The chon v ill cine, ' T.oid, W’c Cii to Thoc” by Dickinson, and Ml Findley’, scinioii theme will he “The Quest toi Life.” .>45—The Sund.nv liMning ('Itih
will meet loi suppei in the Rctieation Room Aftei suppei the piogiam IS to be in chaige ot the Social Coniinittoe Theie will be no speakci a® is the usual custom, hut tlie chan man has pi omisi d ome in(cK sting ( nj(1 t.unment Wesl L.tlavdio B.iptisl (luiidi Rev I(. (‘I'h B.in.l (.Um mi, Miiiidi , .im’ P.istoi ( ‘ Students 0 .10 Rogv ''.Vili.aias Club Clas,. 1 0 !") ( Ini ( h 'Voi hip S( 1 VK Univnsitv (11.01 , \ ill h ive (k.u PC oi th( ( icc i he C lira will mg “.ling Mkluui I'oitli” li\ Buck atu' (.Lulls Kn.udl will n.g “Pi .lyei IV 1 li d ” 5 .30 Rogm William Club T\ 1 low 111)) lloiii .iiid Di .(ussion Gioiip (i Oil—suppen If) cents
Notices
Catholic Rtuflonts: A mimhor of studi'nls nr< wjHtfd for Hu C ithulic humiTui c.itni) IhosG inUr(st((l cill 2r)0l -BROCU Town Girli Club: Picnu Saturday, Apnl 2", It 10 ]> m in Happy Hollow Mi cl jn W(stlatullv I oviUKL lx fou's\ai l\ni: IMousc sjL.n op \i west desk jn Union by Monday, Apnl 20 Ilnnu 20 tints foi lood wIumi vou SIKH up GKAVrS WAA Anyone uitoiostid in class Insobal! siRii up on thi bullolin in the f^vrn and come lo class* callout Mondaj, Apnl 20 at 1 pm BAUGHMAN Men Students* 1 hose inteicstod in Imnir in u htudent coopiiative bouse tins summci call ')41S. - CARLSON All Students: Students wlio expect to change from one sthool within the Univerbily to another at the end ot the jncsent semester aie advised to ohtiiri the necessary blanks at once trom the Kigistrar’s office. - STONE Tau Beta Pi Eliction of ofTicoi'i Wednesday, Apnl 22 at 7 iO p m in the East Reception Lounj.c of tlu Union Refushnunts will be sirviii MONGER Phi Lambda Upsilon l!Ilicljon of olTiccis Thimdiv Apnl 21 al I 10 pm in room 120 ol thi Cliim Anmx
MONOGOMERY
Radio Amateurs Ramo club punic-mect-ing and < lection of olliccrs will be held 'luisday Apnl 21 All inteicstid in amatem ladio ik invitid 'Uuk will bo a 10 Lint ch irpc tor nori-mi nibc rs Members arc invilid fnt Meet .il EE budding it 1 10 pm MILES I rcshmtn Engineers Miit loi cngincning lictuii Satuiday Apiil IS it 8 ac(oiding to sihool choice is lollows (him .mil Mit loom 101 oi Michael Golden Shops Cud loom 201 ol C E bldg Elcctiical room Z'yl EE bldg Mechanical and Acronautiud room 120 EE bldg , Public SiiMcc anil I ngi Law conference loom l\(i-utiv( bldg Students changing schools .ind those who hue complclid onl> one simcstii niid not upoit KNAPP
Debris I i c ^hrii
With all the stress on the w.ir ctfpr of the country, lovely Gene 3’ierney shows here that fashions still have their place in a w Oman’s heai t. La 'Tierney here models her wardrobe tor her latest pictuie, “Rings On Her Fingers,” in whicfi she is starred with Henry Fonda. For her beach outfit (left). Gone
has selected this Gwen Wakeliiig Cl cation ot Iieavy while cotton chenille with a deep stiipe of led. For her accessoiy, the oversi/e beach bag complements the ensemble, and cai ries eveiylhing one needs at the beach—including knitling. Then, there’s the oigandie collars and culls with seveial cotes ol sell
piping which Gene affects in “Rings On Hci Fingeis”'to give a leminine, spungy louch to a daik business di css. Featured (centei) is a modified evening veision ol the long bob that stresses soft cuils across the pomliadoui, and cascades dow n the nape of the neck, 'file heart-shape costume eairing pew els add immeas-
urably to the hair-do, and look almost real. A harem effect is achieved by Gene by the white chiffon veil, worn mantilla style over the hair. The ultra feminine white flannel middie (extreme right) blouse with the navy blue dickey and navy lacing at eithei side is to be worn with Gene’s feminine suit.
Ilouf for 'ill who 11 ( mill sud III woikiii I )i Dibiis iluiing Ihi comm,., two Prm-i will pit isi uport to Iht Dibiis Husinc-vs OHik Monil.iy April 20 PI III 1(1 llu III w book nil! b( (Iistu •'id 'I bos \ ho upoil \ ill bi illowtd to itgis 111 d h I ni lh< hi^t <1 IV ol ugi Ir ition
fllN 1 ON
( t'l s lb III t) M im f 1 tin pii I III 1 m I I \M lb. i). id It th( b m « i Ptol iM I I i I ut 1 iv N| 1 ’ M < I )I tb< lit.') ' li (Jn t p m I hi u tl j|
b
ul 1 . I t tl tl t iVximi < ‘itl i I 1 I I II m 1.
th
1 111 i\ nro" { \I I \U \\
LET’S STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
I. 1 III I I, I „„„
II 1 1 ,11 (ii\ .1. 1 1.1, ( .1
ULI i M
■ Il 1
( I 1 I I lull In
(ikU (iiIiIx.iIi
I '.Ofl.vV I )i) (11 111 dlj ,V, UHK ' ( ' 11 111 (' I, iGilN'SOX I 1 iilv III in 11 IK II BURMIVRI'
Attractive clothes arc important to Courage, Confidence and High Morale! Crown cleaning clothes atiraclive.
Top of the Hill
America miiftl S>e firsl—on Ihe fields of bailie, on llie sea, and in Ihe air. For lliost* of ns who are slill al lionie, whether we arc serving on defense* proj<‘els or nol, onr joh is (o sliare in oiir