ii T
y ■ -y /’
;%
:/T "'.
' ' !- -r - V ./-*,' : V . >■ :■
' v'r
'- /;
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Rain today, followed by much cooler. Tomorrow, rain and cloudjT
Purdue Exponent
SATOfiDAY .Norember S, 1938 Lafayette, indBona VoL 50 No. 46
Team Meets Ohio State At 1 P. M
Cli Lilly Addresses Science Group At Evening Session “The logical way of starting an inquiry in any organization ,is to call together an enthusiastic group of men who know the subject from as many viewpoints as possible,” stated Eli Lilly, retiring president of the Indiana Academy of Science, speaking on “A Plan For Accomplishing More Effective Research” before the group in Fowler Hall last night.
“However, it can not be accompFirst Dean...
lished by cracking together the heads of research men with the peremptory command, ‘Cooperate’,” he continued. In his talk Mr. Lilly stressed the necessity for co-opera-tion and less ‘holing up’ of research men with the resultant loss of time and repetition of the same work.
Blow Bubbles
Preceding Mr. Lilly’s speech, officers for the coming year, fellows, honorary fellows, and divisional chairmen were announced, and the Academy was entertained by “Bubbles Concerto”" presented by E. G. Plasterer and party of Huntington. New officers are T. G. Yuncker, DePauw, president; L. A. Test, Purdue, vice-president; W. P. Allyn, Indiana State, secretary; W. P. Morgan, Indiana Central, treasurer; Paul Weatherwax, Indiana U., editor; and W. E. Eddington, DePauw, president’s secretary. An honorary fellowship was given to Joseph Charles Arthur of Purdue, and who along with Dean Emeritus, Stanley Coulter, was honored by a eulogy on his life and work in the general session of the morning. Of the divisional chairmen, R. B. Abbott and P. B. Knight both of the University were appointed for Physics and Psychology respectively. Concluding the 64th annual meeting of the Academy, the junior group will hold lectures and demonstrations in Stanley Coulter Hall this
morning.
Secretary Of A!ME Will Speak To Local Chapter On Monday Louis Jordan, assistant secretary of the American Institute of. Mining and Metallurgical Engineers, will address Purdue’s new AIME chapter at their second meeting Monday at 4:30 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Jordan will discuss matters of organization and will be ready for any questions from students comprising the new local chapter. He was formerly secretary of the thermal mettal division of the Bureau of Standards in Washington, and for several years was seniefr metallurgist. AIME president E. K. Lown and instructor E. C. Miller drove to Chicago with another student and professor Wednesday afternoon, where they attended the Chicago chapter AIME dinner meeting and arranged for Jordan to come here Monday. Miller, faculty sponsor, invites all students interested in metallurgy or minerology to attend this meet-
ing.
lU GameCompletely Sold Outstanding Room Only Remains “S;tanding room onjly” will be the order of the day when crowds begin jamming into Ross Ade Stadium for the Indiana game. Although reserved seats are sold out, general admission tickets providing standing room may still be obtained for one dollar. Barring inclement weather, a record-breaking crowd is practically assured for the fray. Distribution of student tickets will start at the end of next week.
Tribute..
Jitterbugs Truck On Down In Union Contest Tonight
... of men and Dean Emeritus of the University, Stanley Coulter, who was honored in an address by Ray C. Friesner, professor of Botany at Butler, before the general session of the Indiana Academy of Science here last night. Coulter, now retired, was formerly Dean of the Science School and head of the Biology Department.
. . . was paid to Joseph Charles Arthur, former head of the Botany Department, in a speech on his life and work before the Academy of Science last night. Nov. 15 Is Final Date For Debris Low Price Extending the deadline two weeks beyond that of last year, Boyette Edwards, business manager of the Debris, stated yesterday that Tuesday, November 15 would positively be the last day to get a four dollar Debris. At that time the price becomes $4.50 and this deadline will be strictly adhered to according to Dick McNeil, junior business manager. The new Debris, in recognition of its seventieth anniversary, will carry as its theme a comparison of the old with the new. From beauties to football teams past and present, every phase of campus activity will be contrasted in new color printing. In addition the ’39 book will be 20 pages largey including an extra candid camera section.
Calling all jitterbugs! If your feet won’t stand in one place when hot music blasts through the atmosphere, if you swing and sway with every measure, if you want to grab the nearest person and kick the wax off the ballroom floor—then the place for you is the Union ballroom tonight at 7:16! Through the efforts of the Student Union, the first campus Jitterbug contest will be presented tonight aided and abetted by the jive of Glen Goff and his boys. After an hour of footloose competition under leadership of Benny Bums, master of ceremonies and chief introducer, prizes will be aw9.rded to the best couples. ^ The top-notch jitterbugs of the campus will receive two tickets to the Union Formal, while the three Triggs, Lautner, Featured In Joint Recital Tomorrow Harold Triggs, internationally known pianist, and Joseph Lautner, tenor, will make their first appearance on the campus when they present a joint recital in Eliza Fowler Hall, tomorrow at 4 p. m., under the sponsorship of the Union music room committee. Both are members of the faculty of the Arthur Jordan Conservatory of Music, Indianapolis. In addition to his ability as a pianist, Triggs has won high acclaim as a composer. His latest work, “Prairie,” is his first long composition, and is said to be an almost perfect sonata. Mr. Lautner, head of the Conservatory opera department, is expected to offer German songs by Schubert, Wolf, and Brahms in addition to several Russian numbers. The complete program to be presented will appear in tomorrow’s Exponent. Regular Mixer Will Feature Glen Goff Tonight’s mixer will feature the trumpet playing of Pat Clinton and the vocal interpretations of Virginia Hoadly as Glen Goff and his orchestra make the usual Saturday night stand in the ballroom. Virginia Hoadly was formerly a professional singer in Indianapolis, Jack Silver, baritone, will present songs “a la Bing Crosby,” and Elmo Moery, pianist, will present as specialties the “Little Rock Getaway” and many others. The band will orchestrate both swing and sweet music.
next best will be given a pair of tickets to a Union mixer. In addition to the comps, the winners will be invited to take part in the Union’s Thanksgiving Show, the Black and Tan Fantasy. Union Board meihbers acting as judges for the contest tonight will be Thais Crepps, Dave Brubeck, and Jim Ashton. Col. D. M. Beere Is Speaker For Armistice Day Colonel D. M. Beere, commandant of the University unit ROTC will give a short address at the annual Armistice exercise, November ll, in the main foyer of the Memorial Union Building. Preceding the address a salute will be fired by the POMM and Scabbard and Blade, military honoraries. Gordon Matthews, president of tb^e Student Union will read the Purdue honor roll, the roster of those who perished in the World War, and a wreath will be placed on the tablet above the cross in the Union. The program will be carried by WBAA. Although classes will not be dismissed for the occasion, all students will stand for one minute in silence as a tribute to the dead. Educators Meet On Campus To Discuss Teaching Problems From 40 to 50 teachers of mathematics and principals of Indiana high schools will meet here at 10 o’clock this morning to discuss problems of mathematics teaching in high schools. The meeting, planned at the instigation of President Elliott some time ago, will be held in the conference room of the executive Building. Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, will open the session and introduce Dean A. A. Potter who will preside. Among those from the University who will take part in the discussions are Dr. Wm. Marshall, head of the mathematics department; Dr. Frederic B. Knight head of the division of education and applied psychology; Dr. George Davis, head of the teachers’ placement service; and C. E. Dammon, director of admissions. Pi Beta Phi... . . . social sorority, announces the initiation of Libbey Barmus and Janet Humphreys.
Dunbar Correlates Career, Home For College Co-eds
By Betty Wickard “A sense of proportion is a necessity when combining marriage and a career,” stated Mrs. Katherine Dunbar, placement head of Katherine Gibbs secretarial school of Boston. Mrs. Dunbar, a charming, curlyhaired person with an Eastern accent manages a large household that includes her husband, a 19-months-old son, and a younger brother, and holds her important executive position as well. “It’s really not so difficult to run a household if one has efficient help —^just' tell them what to do! Of course, whether one can hold a position, too, depends a lot on the attitude of the organization. Often firms prefer to employ unmarried girls, but in Katherine Gibbs it so happens that many of the executives are married.”
Boilermakers Go Into Jinx Game Crippled But In Excellent Position For Victory Upset With everything to gain and little to lose, the Boilermaker football team faces an Ohio State team today that is in the reverse position. The game at Columbus, scheduled to start at 1 p. m. Lafayette time, will find the Purdue team out to break the Buckeye jinx and score a victory over the Ohio eleven, before the estimated 55,000 crowd. Riveters face today’s game in a somewhat crippled condition, with Carl Verplank and Dick Johnson unable to make the trip. Timperman, sophomore tackle flash, is on the slightly injured list, as is Mackiewicz, Krause, and Maloney, but all are expected to see some action. LINEUPS PURDUE Positions OHIO STATE
Britt LE Mihal LT Bykowski LG Humphrey C . Maloney RG Potter RT Mackiewicz RE Hennis QB Brown LH Brock RH Ippolito FB
Jack Brown...
... will start at left halfback today.
Tony Ippolito ...
Katherine Gibbs school was founded during the World War in 1917 when the need was felt for educated women with secretarial training. James Gibbs, who heads the school since the death of his mother in 1936 has continued this policy, by giving preference to college graduates. As Mrs. Dunbai’ told one girl, who was considering enrolling at the end of her sophomore year,” “One must take a ‘long view.’ Of course you can enroll now, but later you will realize how much the additional two years of college education mean.” “It is impossible to compare courses at Katherine Gibbs with those at a University like Purdue. Here there are so many different courses; at Gibbs everyone takes the same (Continued on page 2)
. . .starts at fullback for Riveters. Game .Broadcast Time 12:45 (CST) Stations WBNS 1430 kc WBAA 890 kc WOWO 1160 kc WTAM 1070 kc WHKC - 640 kc
Bartschy Schoenbaum Gales Andrako Hofmayer Kaplanoff A Lohr Kabealo Strausbaugh Zadworaey Langhurst
Review Plays
In yesterday’s final workout at Magnetic Springs, O., Coach Elward stressed kicking and passing formations, with apparent hopes of using the aerial route in more ways than one to keep the Buckeyes back on their heels. A review of their defensive plans was also part of the Riveters’ last practice. The team will move from resort town to Columbus just before the game, in order to avoid the usual crowds and traffic congestion of a big encounter. Thursday’s mammoth pep session showed the spirit of the student body, and the team seemed to like the idea. Everyone is tired of having the Ohio State team walking away with the honors year after year. Purdue has yet to score upon Coach Schmidt’s outfit in six contests, let alone win a game.
Hope For Upset
The Boilermakers are in the perfect position for an upset. Last Saturday’s, tie with Iowa was taken hard by the Riveters, while Ohio State has had two successive pushovers in Chicago and New York University, and is rather cocky. After the Minnesota loss. Coach Elward’s players vowed to lose no more this season, but have suffered two ties since that time However, Ohio State has a big and powerful line that the Purdue forwards will find hard to move, but the hard charging Boilermaker linemen have held their own against the vaunted lines of Minnesota and Fordham. The Bucks’backfield does not pack the speed of Elward’s lads but Purdue can’t let Mike Kabealo get out in the open if it is going to stop the touchdown parade. Thus it will I be speed against beef as the teams match points this afternoon. Heads Plan Awards For Livestock Assn. Officers of the Indiana Livestock Breeders’ Association met here yesterday to make medal awards in various livestock extension projects. The medals will be given to tihe winners at the annual banquet of the association to be held in January during the annual agricultural con-
ference.
Those who attended the meeting were President Levi Moore, Rochester; Vice-president Earl Robbins from Greensburg; Directors Harry F. Caldwell of Cbnnersville and L. T. Poster, Crawfordsville, and Prof. Claude Harper, secretary-treasurer.
I '■’si r^diiDhied
THE PUBD1IE EXPONENT
J'SiaiuMA
Saturday!, November 5, 1938
Swing And Celebrations - Detours From Debauchery (Daily Northwestern) There are many sorts of people who view many sorts of things with alarm. The church has been a notorious source of them. So it is not quite so amazing to read that the Most Reverend Francis J. L. Beckman, Archbishop of Dubuque, recently condemned swing music as “cannibalistic rhythmic orgies . . . wooing youth along the primrose path to hell.” The Most Reverai^ Mr, Beckman thus, in one dogmatic statmrat, diverts the blame for whatever degradation of youth might be occurring, from the social order he represents to minor and probably innocent avocations. The purpose served by swing music ,is the same as that served by football games and the subsequent celebrations; it offers a release for emotional energy. While an exaggerated emphasis on the place of swing in a young person’s life is undesirable, it cannot be assumed that the slight emotional exhilaration experienced during a “jam session” is completely destructive. It is known by psychologists that emotional energy, especially during adolescent years, is being continually built up and must be released in some manner or repressed with harmful after-effects. If this energy can be released through artistic or musical expression or some other form of accepted activity, all is well and no grounds for viewing with alarm exist. But if it takes the form of highly motorized action on the dance floor, bluenosed reformers promptly condemn. It might be well for Doctor Beckman and his intellectual associates to consider what might occur were there no outlets like swing for release. However, high our faith in human intelligence, it must be accepted that only a small percentage of American youth have the intelligence or social background to find a satisfactory release in cultural pursuits. If no other release is offered, what is left them ? The only thing they can do is go to the extreme and seek the direct and obvious release that all socially minded persons know to be detrimental to general society. Swing music, rather than being an inroad to
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized WTanuary 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday durit% the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.50. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor . ... — D. A, Bailey Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, K. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager- - M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager. - .E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager - .W. P. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager JI. W. Nevin Accounts Manager .... W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger RKPRESENTED FOR NATIONAU ADVERTISINO BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N.Y. Chicago ‘ Boston ' Los Angeles - San Francisco
Editor Associate Editors..
CQ-ED STAFF
Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor. -...R. Ia McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard This newspaper is written, edited, nnd_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by
the editor-in-chief.
EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West LMayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6038
Night Editor
-Insley Issue Editor—Ganzar Saturday, November 5, 1938
sexual immorality, serves as a detour from it, offering a substitute outlet that makes the drive toward consummation less potent. Doctor Beckman might well profit from a study of the reasons and purposes of the activities he so dogmatically and blithely condemns.
Alpha Lambda Della Will Initiate Pledges In Union lomorrow Alpha Lambda Delta, freshmen women’s scholastic honorary, will initiate their pledges tomorrow at 8:30 a. m. in the Union. After initiation a breakfast will be held in the chestnut room with Lucille Osborn and Betty Sheay in charge. Charlotte Finney, who has returned from the convention recently held at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, will give a report of the meeting. List of pledges is as follows: Georgia Carroll, Merle Hagemey-
er, Ruth Bennett, Elise Jacobson, Bernice Beisel, Martha Brown, Dorothy Miller, Mary Louise Goff, Ellen Bassett, Dorothy Holden, and Doretta Heilman. Lochner, Sickmann Outline WSGA Work Residence Committee Works of WSGA will be outlined by Charlotte Lochner and Ann Sickman at the regular sophomore training school meeting on Tuesday, November 8, at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge. Peggy Hamilton, chairman of the WSGA judicial committee, reported excellent attendance at the previous meetings. The course in training will continue until Christmas vacation.
Dr. Rose Directs Co-ed Health Service
“Next for Dr. Rose,” blurted the voice in the wall. I walked into the buff-colored office, and sat down on the chair beside the desk. Dr. Rose, in a starched white uniform, sat filling out a student health form. The neatly arranged articles on her desk
bespoke her profession.
At a glance I recognized the student excuse forms, health forms, and daily hospital forms. There was also a stack of medical magazines, some written prescriptions, a jar of sterile tongue blades, and a
tumbler of thermometers.
“We’ll have a look at your throat,” she said. I followed her into the treatment room. White chairs, tables, and cabinets glared, “Sterile!” Looking at the little bottles standing in soldier-like formation on the cabinet shelves, my mind shouted back, “Medicine! Doctor!” Returning to the office for three prescriptions, I questioned, “Aren’t
you unusually busy?”
“No,” Dr. Rose smilingly an swered, “this is a slow Monday. I usually see about 50 students on Monday, which is my busiest day. Othei days I see, on the average, about 30 students. Of course during mild epidemics the average is higher—between 50 and 60.”
I. U. Grad
Dr. Bertha Rose, M. D., is a graduate of Indiana University. She interned at the Hospital for Children and Women in San Francisco. Before coming to the Purdue Health Service, Dr. Rose had been a school physician in Michigan City and Gary, Indiana. She had also worked at summer camps and at the Health-
win Tuberculosis Hospital in South
Bend, Indiana.
I followed Dr. Rose into the treatment room, where a foot patient was awaiting her attention. “Feet, feet, feet! It’s amazing, the number of girls who have trouble with their feet,” Dr. Rose commented. “Colds are also very common. We had a mild epidemic of colds and sore throats at the very beginning
of this semester.
“Women present two problems for the school physician. First, they are not able to give a very definite idea of what ails them. Girls don’t mean to hide anything, but they just don’t get down to the basis of their ailments. Secondly, girls are afraid of gaining weight. They don’t seem to realize that that extra weight is
a reserve for illness. Few Serious Cases
“On the whole though, we really have very few organic complaints. Most common ailments are respiratory infections and skin infections, such as ringworm, acne, etc. However, the college environment, differing so greatly from the home environment, causes many functional
complaints.”
Back at her desk again, and in an executive-like tone Dr. Rose explanied, “Student Health Service is maintained to keep communicable diseases off the campus. We also take care of minc^ ailments, functional 'complaints, and accidents. Students should realize that it is better to prevent disease rather than to cure it, and that we try to teach them as well as treat them.”
Next for Dr. Rose!
JOAN WOODBURY PAUL GUILFOYLE LPe Patrick ^BLtV PAGE •and —
fSPECTROM PI^jyREiS ©ORf!
— Also — ZORRO RIDES AGAIN
Dunbar Correlates--
(Continued from page 1)
subjects—typing, shorthand, filing —it’s even impossible to compare hours of work.” Mrs. Dunbar’s alma mater is Radcliffe, located in Cambridge, Mass. When informed about WSGA hours here she said, “At Radcliffe upperclassmen had no prescribed hours to be in the residence. We could return at 2 o’clock, say, although we had to sign out the time we expected to be back, of course. That way we could enjoy the advantages of the city so much more. It gives one a sense of value.” Mrs, Dunbar balanced a pair of shell-rimmed spectacles on her nose and reported from a sheet of statistics that 14 per cent of secretaries are employed in the sales and commercial fields, and those in education rank next, while the number working in publishing houses comes third. Most encouraging to girl engineers was her comment that “So many requests for secretaries with engineering experience come to me and we simply have no candidates. By the way,” she smilingly asked a feminine engineer, “Just what do you take when you take engineering ? ” For chemistry students there are opportunities as librarians or in doing statistical work. One girl who majored in psychology now has a splendid position rewriting and editing the reports of a well known psychologist while another, who specialized in economics, is now doing market research.
ARC
LAST DAY.
HAVE YOU ENCOUNTERED . . . . . any of the Debris leeches this year, or should we say have you allowed any of the above mentioned reptiles to “suck” you in. If you have not run across any as yet you will be able to" recognize them soon by their gnnual chant of “Only a week till the prices go up.” THIS NON-LAFAYETTE ... . . . weather that we all experienced this past week sure works wonders on certain people. By that we mean that it is a wonder that any of us worked. NOW, TAKE FOR INSTANCE . . . . . the Alpha Chis, they really had that good ol’ spring. Fall or somethin’ attitude. At any rate that trio of couples on the front lawn weren’t letting that moon go to waste. THIS JITTERBUG CONTEST . . . . . that is being run off this weekend should be put off until the end of the semester. Maybe the students aren’t jitter-BUGS then, but they have got the jitters. NEW PI PHI HOUSE . . . ... is to be opened the first of February, so we understand, and will be on the comer of Russell and State — across the street from the cow pasture. Anyone who wan^ to move into a boarding house can get their chance then as there will be about three opened. THIS IS THE ONE . . . . . . time in the year that the coeds even come near equalizing the eds. With the seniors out of town it gives a person a half way chance at any rate, that is, considering the co-eds rate. POEM , . . Dotty’s fat about her legs, Ruth about her torso; All her friends are fattish, too; Otherwise and more so. —sviped, FAMOUS LAST WORDS . . . ... If money speaks its verbal capacity is, “So-long.”
STARTS MIDNITE RREVUE TONSTE 11:30
LUCILLE BALL ANN MILLER FRANK ALBERTSON Aft RKO RADIO Rlotl
one of .Ishe MO'/lf QUIZ )0 0(3 CONTEST PICTURES
TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
3 BROADWAY GIRLS — with — Joan Blondell—Madge Evans — PLUS — THE CRIME OF DR. HALLET — with — Ralph Bellamy
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lictily
‘Stuff and nonsense! What good is woodcraft gonna do him when he grows up ?”
Eduard Benes, former president of Czechoslovakia, has accepted an invitation to lecture at the University of Chicago.
—Today— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:16—Carolyn Wood—^piano. 11:30—High School Guest Program. 12:00—^Tune Time—Charles Powell. 12:16—The Woman Shopper. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Market Reports. 1:00—Ohio State-Purdue game.
^ Washington and Lee University ^ has a special student credit committee that can fine students or have them dismissed from school 1 for passing “rubber” checks. A
lAFAVAnd
LAST DAY —
LUNA
LAST DAY-
2 FIRST RUN HITS
SUNDAY — MONDAY LORETTA YOUNG JOEL McCREA MARJORIE WEAVER in "THREE BLIND MICE"
"1
HIM Til IT 111 HI JMH llONtl MMO BWAM MTiR-BAmORE-STiWART-MU
Starting Tomorrow
TIi8 Grandest iete ®f Hfs. Career!
iOB BUINS'
yBU.^A^her before!..you’ll
<5ood Vs SONf? J*!// ft* fi, A — EXTRACRIME DOESN'T PAY SERIES "A CRIMINAL IS BORN"
5 DAYSStarting TODAY MARSSaturday, November 5# 1938
THE PUBDUE
SmoiiA. %$rf"' " -< -i-i n. -
EXPONENT
f
l«ider*t.... ....choice
Six Man Football Fills Early Fall Sports Need 01 Nation's Small High Schools
By Joe Dolan That lowa-Purdue psychology contest of last Saturday at Iowa City is still being replayed by our campus quarterbacks. Anyway, one can’t say that the Iowa board of strategy left any “ego raiser” undone. The football players hunger condition said to be prevailing at the camp of the Hawkeyes was met by ‘generous’ Iowa City food houses who displayed a food basket in the fronts of their stores with “For Our Gridders” attached to the donation. —^fc— People of Columbus, O., said to be the buggiest mob of gridiron followers in the coimtry will really receive a treat this coming Saturday in the form of the Purdue Band. Twd battles are in view—a battle of bands, and a battle of gridders. —^fc— Dick Johnson, Mike Byelene, and Augie Momingstar will be on display before the folks back home this Saturday, and are verbally trampling the Buckeyes now. Last season it took an outfielder to catch Morningstar’s passes from center, but now the junior center can find his backs with ease. —^fc— Incidentally, Purdue has never defeated an Ohio State eleven, and what’s more has never crossed a Buckeye goal line. But history does not always repeat itself. —felt seems as if there doesn’t have to be made an initial call for the hardwood sport, basketball, here at the Boilermaker institution; anyway about two dozen Gold and Black speed merchants are learning the “Lambert Walk” in the Fieldhouse gyni every afternoon after 4 o’clock. Purdue Parents Will Form Dads And Mothers Group Parents of Purdue students in the vicinity of Detroit, Mich., gathered last night in the Whittier Hotel of that city to organize a Purdue Dads and Mothers Club. Dr. Robert Phillips, University sponsor of the Purdue Dads addressed the gathering. Although a good many Dads clubs have been or-' ganized throughout the country, this will be the first group to include both parents.
By Norman Arkin The long sought need for a fall sport in the small high schools is a nation-wide problem, as such sports as fall baseball and early basketball are all in vain. There is a time of the year when a sport has more attraction to the players and more interest to the spectators than if played during some other season. In the fall, football will always rule as the king of sports. Hence, even the small high schools of the country must have football in the early fall. The solution of this crucial problem is “six-man” football. Rules, Regulations Six-man football is basically the same as eleven-man football. The rules of the interscholastic game have been modified to fit a smaller number of players. The dimensions of the playing field have been reduced to 80 yards in length and 40 yards in width. Three men must be on the offensive scrimmage line instead of seven as in regulation football, according to six-man football rules. All players are eligible to'receive passes except the center, who may be shifted to another position so that he too will be eligible. Playing Time Playing time consists of eight minute quarters. One fundamentally different rules requires that the ball cannot be carried past the scrimmage line before it has been passed at least two yards. This rule, and the smaller number of players participating, results in a more open game. The game is still football with all the blocking, tackling, and vigorous body contact that appeals to the modern high school youth. Regular football equipment is used with the exception of shoes. Tennis shoes are recommended but regulation shoes may be worn if agreed upon by coaches and officials. The Wisconsin study found that 12% of the injuries in high school games occurred in the last three minutes of the game. This rule is purely a safety measure. Rule ten, in Stephen Eplers’ book on six-man football, requires a three minute warm up before the start of the second half; this is a safety measure, because the survey found that 14% of all serious injuries occurred during the first three minutes of the second half. This rule, particularly IS being used in the Wisconsin and
SPECIAL EXHIBIT of NATURAL COLOR PHOTOGRAPHS By Anton F. Baumann November 5th to 9th COMPLETE SHOWING of LEICA CAMERAS AND EQUIPMENT WEDNESDAY, NOV. 9th THE FOSTER SHOP EAST SroE SQUARE
Michigan high schools. The coaching problems involved in six-man football are essentially the same as in regulation football. The game in general puts a premium on the speedy, agile, aggressive and alert type of player. Proponents of six-man football claim the open type of game is more interesting to spectators. Because of the small number of participants the spectators can see what’s going on. The ball is out in the open and movement of the play is rapid. In many communities six-man football has passed the experinlental state. Leagues have been formed and are growing throughout the country, with spectators storming second half. This rule, particularly, enthused. For several years, Stephen Epler was impressed by the fact that many of the boys in our small high schools were deprived of the opportunity to play football because of the fact that there were either too few boys in the high schools to make up and maintain a regular football team throughout the season, or that the schools were unable for financial reasons to afford the equipment necessary to carry on the regular game with safety to players. Thus to Stephen Epler we owe our gratitude for devising a plan whereby America’s youth has an opportunity to participate in the Nation’s favorite sport, football. Speed In Unofficial Nef Practice Shown By Varsity Aspirants Although the official call for basketball artists has not yet been issued, the more energetic type of hardwood lads are taking that old “early bird” idea and applying it in the Fieldhouse gym each afternoon after school. Some of the fellows are really hitting the hoop with good pre-season marksmanship. Definite type of Purdue basketball play—speed—is to observed all over the gym, as three courts have Boilermaker hopefuls racing up and down from offense to defense. Witsman, Bosse, Chamberlain, Pauline, Igney, Lorainze, Stalling, and Weber are a few of the sophomores who are burning up the playing floor with speed and trick passes. Each night the leather finds the hoop a bit easier to crawl through and swift moving athletes better targets.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
SJmIul ! ! 10 mijML dcujA.
Prices will change from $4.00 to $4.50 on November 15! It’s your change now to get the book you’ll always want to keep. The lowest price of the year!—it’s going higher. Buy your Debris now!
#j Conference Gridmen Play Intersectional Tilts Today Minnesota Meets Tough lowans As Indiana And Chicago Invade Undefeated Boston College And Harvard U. Two Big Ten teams, Indiana and Chicago, go intersectional today, as the Hoosiers and Maroons invade Massachusetts. Indiana meets Boston College at Boston, and the Chicago eleven contacts Harvard at Cambridge. ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,^^^,,,,,,,,,,1^^^ Indiana, still seeking its in initial
Peterson will be in the billiard room of the Purdue Union Monday and Tuesday for exhibition matches. President of the National Billiard Association, and originator of the Intercollegiate key - shot tournaments, he will give instruction to students between 10 a. m. and 4 p. m. both days. Swimming Clubs Plan Three Performances For Annual Aquacade Planning three j)erformances for November 26 and 26, Dolphin and Triton, ed and co-ed swimming clubs will present the second annual aquacade in the Fieldhouse pool. Because of overflow crowds last year, a matinee will be given at 2:30 p. m. Saturday in addition to the evening performances at 7:30. Barbara Cook, AAU diving champion, will perform on the high board and more novelties are being planned by the slapstick clowns, Gardner, Craig, Wildhack, and Treadwell. Another feature of the two and one-half hour program will be synchronized swimming by the Triton Club. Four hundred reserved seats will be available for each of the three performances. V. D. Hobbs... ... EE ’40, sirffered shock and body bruises yesterday as a result of being run down by a truck, coming onto University street from the site of music hall excavating activities. Hobbs was carried to the Student Health office in the Executive Build ing, and was released after being thoroughly taped. The truck stopped immediately, forestalling serious injury to the victim. One headlamp was knocked off the truck and broken.
BETTER GRADES With Less Work Sounds impossible, but it can be done if you follow the Gunthorp Study Charts, a "streamlined" method of efficient study. This practical tested system will mpre than double the results of your work Don't postpone action. Write today for information. l^aThe STUDENTS GUILD Box 511, San Diego, Calif.
Badminton Tourney Nears Final Rounds As Favorites Win After several weeks of hectic struggle, Goldstein has reached the semi-finals in the all-campus badminton eliminations. Mann, who won last year, is favored to hold his crown aganist all comers. He and Carbaugh are in the quarter-finals. Having a bad shoulder, Goldstein was unable to play in ’37 but he is rated right up with the champ. S. Murphy forced Goldstein to three games before falling by the wayside. Under the sponsorship of the badminton club, last year’s team carried away all honors in Big Ten competition. The club has not had a meeting this year, but 60 have signed up, showing interest is high. Billings, coach of the team, will leave for Chicago today to arrange for matches later in the year. Since new squash courts are being built, only one court is available for badminton enthusiasts^ necessitating the use of the basketball floor for matches. The following matches should be played Monday: Miller vs. Johnson; Douglas vs. Hargesheimer; Rose vs. M. E. Murphy; and Morse vs. Berry. Fencing Practice Will Start Tuesday Fencing practice will begin Tuesday at 4 p. m. at fencing headquarters on the Fieldhouse balcony. All sophomores, juniors, and seniors who are interested are urged to report to Coach Finney. The squad had a very successful season last year, losing only one Big Ten dual meet, and the prospects for this year’s team are fairly bright. Squad will he slightly handicapped by the loss of three varsity men. Schedule of matches has not been definitely arranged as yet, but it will be similar to last year’s. Plans are being made for a trip to the East similar to the one taken last year. The team journeyed east during the Christmas holidays last year ^nd there they fenced St. John’s College, NYU, and several other eastern schools. The trip jproved to be of great benefit to the team, providing valuable pi*eseason experience for the boys.
win of the season, will enter the Boston fracas without the services of Joe Nicholson, the Hoosiers deadly sophomore passing ace. But with the McMillian coached eleven returning to a fair driving type of offense, the underdogs, as the Indiana squad is rated, may pull one of the usual upsets. Chicago’s downtrodden eleven, fresh from a win last week, may give the Lawyers of Harvard a surprise. Indications of the Maroons power are found in the fact that the Chicago clnb outgained the Ohio State eleven in their game but took a defeat. Iowa Meets Gophers \ Iowa presents the question mark of the conference this week, meeting the powerful Gophers of Minneapolis at Iowa City. Hawkeyes recently delighted with holding Purdue to a scoreless tie, are in the best physical and mental condition of the year according to their coach, Tuhhs. A tie at the hands of the Hawks would just about give the Gophers an embarrassing feeling, the defeat at the hands ef the Northwestern eleven last week having knocked them from the national championship they were seeking. Michigan remains at home today to engage the University of Pennsylvania. The Wolverines, using a host of very promising sophs, have stamped themselves as one of the come-back gridiron clubs of the nation. Especially the work of Tom Harmon, remarkable sophomore, has pushed Michigan’s odds far over the Quaker State team. Badgers Upset? Illinois does not play, but Wisconsin invades the Sucker state to battle Northwestern, now leading the conference pack with no defeats. Nothing being dependable about the Badgers, the game has the appearance of a walk-away or a tight contest. Cereal Chemist Will Talk At AChS Meet A special meeting of the AChS will be held on Wednesd&y, Nevetnber 9, when Dr. C. H. Bailey, of the University of Minnesota, will address the group. Dr. Bailey, who is a widely-known cereal chemist, rerecently returned from Europe where he spent the summer visiting laboratories in several countries, and this experience will form part of the background of his talk.
Louisiana State University has received a gift of 5000 French books from the French government.
Serve the best at all times
SMELL IT! TASTE ITJ YOU WILL DISCOVER THE MOST DELICIOUS MEAT IF YOU DUY IT AT City Meat and Poultry Market
220 N. 3rd STREET
PHONE 5372»il ■
THE PURDUE EXPONENT \
Saturday, November 5/1938
collegiate
By Joy Johnson We hear a lot about the college joes, but leave it up to the Daily Hlfnl to bag one. The scientific description goes as follows: height, about five feet; teeth, buck; eyes, crossed; ears, look as if he were going to take off; line, mushy and the same for blonde or brimette; dancing, too, too divine; and as for money, he’s usually waiting for the proverbial check from home. As for his demeanor, it’s “Here I am you lucky people.” As an athlete, he is a whizz at ping-pong or marsbmallows at 30 paces. He is a telephone romeo, BUT he has a good heart. It has been rumored that Purdue has several such specimens in captivity that may be viewed by the general public any afternoon in the sweet shop. —C— There is something rather stuffy sounding about the word debate. However, the Tulane University debating team doesn’t lack an audience for their harangues. It’s very simple — they speak on subjects that interest the student body. It seems that there are many eds and co-eds who are vitally concerned with a discussion when the topic is “Should Bachelors be Taxed to Support Old Maids?”' —C— Wesleyan’s Worried Dating is a problem to the coeds of Ohio Wesleyan. They would like more dates and less elegant ones. With this in mind they have decided to limit the number of corsages they expect to receive during the year so that the men may spend the extra money on more dance tickets. —C— By this time, the University of Washington sophs must be well on their way to the finals of their three weeks beard growing contest. Starting with smooth faces, the young hopefuls are trying to raise the reddest, whitest, blackest, longest, fuzziest or most unusual beard. But not content with just raising beards, the fellows plan to carve out fraternity insignias, initials, hearts, and other wierd designs on their beards and all for the benefit of six sophomore co-eds who will choose the winners. And we suppose that the reward will be a nice new shiny razor blade. —C— Evidently there is no limits to golddigging. The Syracuse University co-eds are the worst we’ve ever heard of. They are charging fees for goodnight kisses as a means of raising house funds. The boy friend must drop a coin in a silver bowl for every kiss. Week-ends call for special rates. And woe be to the fellow whose date catches him putting in a penny. —C— The Pi Kappa Alphas of the State College of Washington, not content with singing about their dream girl, are sponsoring a contest to find her. They are not taking any chances on making a mistake in their choice and so have invited Elliot Nugent, well-known Hollywood director, John (Bulldog Drummond) Howard and Bing Crosby (who’s he?) to be the judges. The winning co-ed will be crowned “The Dream Girl of Pi K. A.” at the fall pledge dance.
With the Purdue campus rapidly being torn up by the industrious PWAers and the large building program going on, it is interesting to note that the Public Works Administration has constructed 500 new buildings on campuses of United States colleges and universities. —C— We have our own opinions on this but a Cornell professor has made up a time schedule for college students. 1. Senior men spend 55 hours a week sleeping. 2. Women devote four more hours per week to personal appearance than do men. 3. Senior men are more studious and they spend nine and a half hours at the dining table. 4. Freshmen write home on the average of two and a half hours a week. 6. Women consume nine hours and 80 minutes per week in entertainment.
Katherine Dunbar Gives Empioyment Lecture To Co-eds “If you are unable to put down what you have in mind, you might as well be tongue-tied,” stated Mrs. Katherine Dunbar of the Katherine Gibbs Secretarial School at the employment lecture for all senior women yesterday afternoon in the Education Building. Mrs. Dunbar, who spoke on the subject of “Applying for a. Position,” gave many valuable do’s and don’ts concerning interviews. According to Mrs. Dunbar, an employer desires a college graduate for a position because he wants an intelligent person with enthusiasm, someone with specific training and in possession of potentialities. She defined an interview as only a matter of salesmanship. Thursday afternoon Mrs. Dunbar spoke to the Charm School concerning the college girl’s place in the business world. During her stay on the campus Mrs. Dunbar has been a guest at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house, and last evening she was dinner guest at the Residence Hall.
tomorrow /^t the / L^kiiv^ckeS
Wesley Foundation 8:00 a. m.—Student Council breakfast. 9:30 a. m.—Co-ed Sunday school class at the Foundation. Men’s Sunday school class at the church. James Ludberg will speak on the Boulder conference. 10:40 a. m.—Morning worship. Dr. 0. S. Steele will preach on, “Twenty Yeafs After.” 5:00 p. m.—Fellowship supper in charge c^f Kay Fosbrink. 6:30 p. m.—Hobart Blosser, Dick Culp and Jane Horne will speak on “Why I Am a Pacifist.” 8:15 p. ra.—Presentation of “Brothers” by the Wesley Players at Jefferson High School auditorium.
Central Presbyterian 9:30 a. m.—Sunday school. Prof. W. E. Howland will speak on “A Working Philosophy of Life.” 10:30 a. m.—Morning worship. Dr. Graham will preach on: “How do We Find the Things of the Spirit?” 6:00 p. m.—Forum at Westminister House, 129 Sheetz street. Mrs. Gordon Enders will tell some of the stories of her strange experiences in the Far East.
^J4int an d By Georgann Schilling
West Lafayette Baptist 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club class. Dean Fisher teaching. 10:35 a. m.—Church worship. “The Church and War,” by Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason. 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club social hour. Lunch. 6:30 p. m.—Armistice peace devotional service conducted by David Nelson.
St. John’s Episcopal 8:00 a. m.—Holy Communion. 10:45 a. m.—Holy communion (choral) and sermon. 6:00 p. m.—Young people’s fellowship meet at rectory, 636 Ferry with supper.
Paul Barker and his band from Indianapolis will play for the pledge dance being given by the Phi Mu’s and the Phi Sigma Kappas at Allen’s ballroom Saturday night. This is the first of the year’s jointly sponsored fraternity-sorority dances. Very original programs in the form of little girls for the co-eds and miniature boys for the-eds will be given as favors.' —H-H— Although the campus Calendar does not offer much along the entertainment line this week-end, it is only one more week until the longawaited Military Ball! From the plans we have heard murmured about, hoop skirts will be the favored costume for dancing ladies that evening. So don’t be surprised if there’s plenty of hoop-la when Bob Crosby comes to town. Girls who have worn them say that they don’t interfere with dancing, but that “they go up in front when you sit down.” Guess it will be a stand-up affair, a lovely prospect! —H-H— A robot man to meet the guests, introduction of pledges over the public address system, and the singing of the pledge song—these are a few of the features promised dancers at the Lambda Chi pledge dance Saturday night at the chapter house. Chuck Coe and his Purduvians will furnish the music. H-H— We have heard a number of comments on “Up hair do’s” or new coiffures (much too dignified a word for Purdue society). The majority of the boys put their thumbs down on up-hair. “It makes them look 10 years older,” “They look like old maids,” “It’s just not natural-look-ing.” were a few of the comments we heard. However, most would agree with the sole philosophical opinion: “The appearance of the hair, up or down, depends on what’s under it.” Bye by ’til Sunday. WPA Artists Exhibit Handicraft Project Hand blocked wall hangings and colorful draperies of original design are now on exhibit in the Applied Design Building. The work was done by artists of the WPA Handicraft Project in Milwaukee, Wis. Also included in the display are colorful appliqued panels and curtains, hand-pieced quilts, a series of dolls in native costumes, a group of children’s manipulation toys, and hand bound and blocked leather books for use as portfolios and scrap-book covers. The artists, who are employed by the WPA, show much skill and originality. This interesting handicraft work will be on exhibit in the Applied Design Building until November 18. Approximately... ... a hundred couples went back to the days of gramps and grammy as they swirled in the figures of colonial folk dances to the music of Bill McEachron in the Union ballroom last night. The dance, titled the Scarecrow Ball, was sponsored by the Purdue Religious Council, and featured barn dancing. Folk dancing was demonstrated by a picked group under the direction of P. L. Reynolds.
(^laAmcsL (Bwdbuv
Republican Candidate for COUNTY TREASURER Purdue Grad Purdue Dad Your Vote Appreciated
Heiser To Lecture At Convo Tuesday Dr. Victor Heiser, author of “An American Doctor’s Odyssey,” will speak at the third convocation of the season next Tuesday evening at 8 o’clbck in Memorial Gymnasium.” Known as the “private physician to the world,” Dr. Heiser has traveled around the globe 15 times. His topic, based upon personal experiences, is to be “More of a Doctor’s Odyssey.” Since 1934 Dr. Heiser has been lecturing on medical science’s fight against disease, striving to make use of its knowledge to better the conditions of humanity. Bom in Pennsylvania in 1873, Dr. Heiser attended several prep schools and received his AB from the University of the State of New York in 1894. Three years later he received his MD degree from Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia.
WAA News
WAA has extended invitations to girls in each ward of the Woman’s Independent Association for “get acquainted” parties to be held in the woman’s gymnasium. Games will be played, and refreshments served. The schedule of parties is as follows: November 4 for Ward 1, November 9 for Ward 3, and November 15 for Ward 2. Some girls did not receive invitations because of failure to sign intramural blanks at registration. These co-eds are invited however, and may find what ward they are in by consulting the map which is in the locker room of the gymnasium. —WAA— Barbara Stocker defeated Ruth Randall in the girls’ singles tennis tournament Wednesday, November 2. Final scores were 6-4 and 8-6. Stocker received 100 points, while the runner-up received 75 points. All other participants got five points. —WAA— Betty Smith, riflery chairman, announced that riflery practice has been postponed this week while the back-drops are being arranged in the women’s gymnasium. Sergeants Bailey and Purchla are in charge of the practice. Practice will be resumed next week. —WAA— In the WAA hockey game yesterday afternoon, the freshmen A team beat the freshman B team 2 to 0.
Dancers,..
Miami Uifiversity medical authorities report a decrease of more than 60 per cent in the number, severity and duration of colds contracted by students as a result of cold vaccine injections.
Notices
CUkSsNied Ads
Reamers Club: Meeting Monday, November 7 at 8 p. m. In room F of the Union Building. —JACKS.
FOR SALE
TYPEWKITBRS—All. maVes, atandard and portable, aold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines aa low as I20.7S. Supplies. O. F. Eberahoif, 806 Main street.
Rifle: Volunteer range officers needed for hours 3 to 4 daily. Phone 2876 stating hours you can serve. (11-10) —CI^EVBTT. Union Sophomores: Anyone wishing to work report in workshop at 1 p. m., Saturday, November B. —RICHARDSON.
FOR SALE—1929 LaSalle coupe, condition. Cheap. Call 2680.
Good
MISCELLANEOUS
WANTED TO BUY used tuxedo, size 40. Write box 496, Lafayette, Ind.
WSGA House Presidents: Meeting Tuesday, November 8, in room B of the Union at 4 p. m. —JAKES.
WANTED: A ride to Elkhart, South Bend or points north any time after Friday at 3:00. Call R. Hall, 3904.
MAIN SPRINGS. $1.00 ; WATCH CLEANING, $1.00; Crystels, 26c and 36s; clocks cleaned, $1.00; alarm clocks, BOc; work guaranteed. KELLAR’S WATCH SHOP, 223 Main.
Fencers: All sophomores, juniors, and seniors interested in varsity fencing report to the Fieldhouse balcony at 4 p. m. Tuesday, November 8. —STEPATH.
WANTED—One passenger to New York. Leave Nov. 10, return Nov. 18. $12.00. Call 6418.
ROOMS FOR RENT
FOR RENT—^Large front room—si^le or double. 401 State. Across from Union.
ASCE: Debris pictures of members and prospective members will be taken Wednesday, November 9 at 8:4B p. m. in the Union Tower room. Proper dress will be required. —AHRENS.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting in room C of the Union Building, Tuesday, November 8, at 7:30 p. m. —McIntosh.
Code Class: Meet in room 264 EE Building at 1 p. m. Saturday November 6. —GANNON.
FOR RENT—Front room. Single or double, for students. 131 South Grant St. FOR RENT: 2-room apartment, private bath. 114 W. Lutz.
Metallurgy: Metallurgy and other interested students are invited to attend the AIME meeting Monday, November 3, at 4:80 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. —LOWN.
STUDENTS: 2-room apartment, private bath, cooking privileges. Phone 66693.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Brown leather jacket, Friday, Oc- ' tiiber ,28. Michael Golden Shops, Reward. James Evans, Cary Hall, N. W. LOST—Small gold locket. Initial L. M. S. Call 6489. BOARD & ROOM—$26 per month. Continuous hot water. 123 Sylvia St., 66694.
Union Workers: All sophomores please report to the Union office Saturday, November 6 at 10 a. m. Very important. —CREPPS.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 9, at 7:30 p. m. in room 264 of EE Building. —GANNON.
Purdue Motorcycle Club: Road Run Sunday, November 6. Entry deadline 9:30 a. m. Run starts at Bridges Cycle Shop at 9:80 a. m. Prize for the winner. —KEYS.
, . . will swing at the third PIA tea dance which will be held today in the Union ballroom. The dancing will start at 3:00 p. m. and will continue until 5:30. Music will be furnished by the latest recordings transmitted over the public address system. Non-members and dates will be admitted for 10 cents, and members can gain admittance by showing membership cards and passports. Correction... Phi Kappa Sigma placed third in the freshman cross country Wednesday instead of Phi Kappa Tau, as was erroneously stated. Phi Kappa Tau tied for fourth place with Delta Tau Delta.
There’s Real Value in Crown Cleaning Service— Scientific Cleaning Monite Moth-proof Protection Pormprest Suit Pressing ^ Careful attention to all details Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly Croijn Laundry FINE C L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
Student Senate: Senate keys are available at 201 Vine street for the price of $1.76. (11-10) —JACKS. Graduate Forum: Meeting will be held at 6:80 p. m. Sunday, November 6, at the Wesley Foundation. Professor Lanczos will speak on the present victory of Fascism in Europe. —SOOTE.
Purdue Engineer: The following men report to Harris in the Engineer office at 1:00 p. m., Saturday, November 6: Johnson, Harper, Day, Worthington, and Martinek. —HARRIS.
the Purdue Exponent
Service
V
Directory
t
• iooksfores
• Jewelers
r
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
y
• Professional
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD I. RISK—D.D.S. ROBERT G. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S
(
Schultz Building •4th and Main Phone 5701
• Locksmith
w
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS ^ 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
>
• Florists
"C" CARTER
i
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
y