'^<W
^-<?S^;flS -. Xr> •
\
li li >
I •the Purdue
Exponent
VOLUME 49 Lafayette, Indiana Sat., Nov. 13,1937 NUMBER 53
Dean Smith Speaks At State Education Conference In Union “Impressions on a Recent Japanese Visit” was the title of an address given last night at the banquet of the State Education Conference in the Union Ballroom, by Dean H. L. Smith, of the education department of Indiana University. Dean Smith was treasurer of the National Education Association for many years, and was later President. Last summer he was a delegate to the International Congress on Education at Japan, and chairman of the Committee on World Peace Education. Smith stated that through the courtesy of the Japanese officials the main language spoken at the Con- ^ gress was English. Due to a special program in the Japanese Schools, most of the educated Japanese speak some English, and as a result, the delegates to the Congress had English speaking guides, who took them to all of the places of interest. Some of the delegates wanted to go into China, but they were persuaded not to go by the American ambassador and Japanese officials, on account of the hostilities going on there. As Dean Smith was about to leave Japan, he was presented with a clay dove, by a poor native who had walked many miles to give it to him. All of the different ceremonies performed in the household, their beliefs and symbolisms form the basis of a national educational program in Japan. During the intermission, a selected group from the Concert Choir, under the direction of A. P. Sl;ewart, sang “Dedication” by Franz, “Bowl of Roses” by Clark, “Homing” by Del Riago, and “I Won’t Kiss Katie” a Jugoslav folk song. Before the talk by Dean Smith, the Glee Club appearing in full dress for the first time, sang “Thanks Be To God,” “The Star,” “The Animals Are Coming” and “Hail Purdue,” Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the Purdue division of education and applied psychology, was the last speaker of the evening. His topic was “The Integrity of the Teacher Himself.”
Pi Beta Phi
Pi Beta Phi sorority announces the initiation of Ruth Randall, Oak Park, 111,; Janek Roper, Hobart; Gaby Roe, S. Milwaukee, Wis.; and Jean Kaufman, Lafayette,
Joe Cappo’s Orchestra To Play Tonight For Mixer Joe Cappo, the Ace Accordionist, and his nationally known orchestra will play for the mixer from 9:00 to 12:00 o’clock this evening in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. The usual price of $1.00 per couple will prevail. Clinton To Play For Union Variety Show “Campus Varieties” a weekly program, will be held in the Union ballroom tonight at 7 p. m. There will be accommodations for 700 people. By popular request, Pat Clinton’s orchestra will play “Josephine.” “The One Rose,” and “That Old Feeling” will be sung by George Barker. Ruth Swift, of the WRH South, will be featured as an accordion player. She will play “La Espanola” and “Sharpshooters.” Don Muller, a tap dancer who appeared in a New York City night club last summer, will do an “Impressionistic Tap Dance,” one of his most popular dance routines. Fred Ahrens, the popular comedy star from “Carmita” and “Castles In The Air,” will be Master of Ceremonies for the evening. The continuity was written by Bob McCaffrey. Religious Council Plans Tea For Dr. Mol! Of Austria Dr. Marie Louise Moll, of Vienna, Austria, who will speak at the lecture sponsored by the Lafayette AAUW, Monday evening, November 15, will be the guest of honor at a tea held by the University Religious Council at 4 p. m. Monday in the Wesley Foundation house. The tea has been arranged to give University students an opportunity' to meet Dr. Moll. During her stay in the city. Dr. Moll will be the guest of Mrs. G. H. Graves and Mrs. R. B. Stewart. Vocational Supervisor Will Speak Here November 29 f Edward C. O’Connor, state supervisor of the vocational program in the adult educational program of Indiana, will speak Monday night, November 29, at the First Presbyterian Church educational room on “The History of the Labor Movement.” He is being brought here under the auspices of the local adult education program.
Plastic Angels Will Be Removed From High Perches Inside Eliza Fowler Hall By R. C. Ziegler
They’re coming down, those two buxom images of the winged feirer sex who have for some 30 odd years been collecting dust and antiquity on their high perches in Eliza Fowler Hall., And with the passing of the plastic angels, a great many other changes are being made which will in a measure give Purdue the theatre auditorium she has been awaiting for several years. Fowler Hall is now the scene of brisk activity. Between the rows of seats, numerous tall jacks support scaffolding which reaches to the highest part of the "ceiling. Highminded workmen hurry to get thq improvements done on schedule. The great organ which doubtless has left its soul stirring impression on each passing class since its in^ stallation, has been removed from its position on the stage and put into storage until a decision concerning its final disposition is made. Controller R. B. Stewart says that all changes are scheduled to be completed in time for the next religious convocation, which will be on November 26. In addition to the increase in the stage room which removal of the or-
gan will give, the partition between the stage and the backstage hallway is being torn out, giving still more depth to the stage. A modern opera curtain will be used to shut the stage from the auditorium. Another change will be the revamping of the ceiling. The present circle’and grid in the center are being removed, and the entire ceiling is to be covered with some acoustical material. New wiring will be put in to replace the present fiber covered cable, which is subject to destruction by rodents and constitutes a fire hazard. One of the most welcome changes will be the installation ef an indirect lighting system. A new switch panel for controlling the lights will also be purchased. But what of the ladies? Rumor has it that they will liot only be removed but quite unceremoniously disintegrated. And should they chance to retain their present high positions, they are doomed to be covered up by the new arrangements for the stage — things of beauty, destined never more to rest the eyes of bored lecture listeners. What a gruesome fate! Progrress is indeed a cruel thing at times.
Boilermakers Meet Wisconsin in Dads Day Gridiron Clash At Madison Today
Pep Session Crowd Sends Off Gridmen “Regardless of what has happened in the past, we’re going up there to Madison and come home with their skins!” ^hus, in those few words. Head Coach Mai Elward settled, to the complete satisfaction of the fans at the send-off rally yesterday evening at the Big Four station, the fate of the Badgers in tomorrow’s battle at Wisconsin’s Randall Field. Dotted with “Badger belittling banners,” the crowd gave forth with many an echoing cheer, and under the leadership of Juniors George Odell and Bud Fenstermaker, presiding from atop a baggage wagon, the fans worked off quite a bit of their latent enthusiasm. The crowd demanded, and the cheerleaders led the Purdue Series Yell, which was received with a storm of applause. A regimental band of 60 pieces provided music for the occasion, and was roundly hissed when they played the Badger’s theme, “On, Wisconsin.” They followed up with Indiana’s song of war, “Oh, Indiana,” and the senders-off sang the Purdue version in loud and lusty voices. I Fullback Lowell Decker and Captain Marty Schreyer gave short impromptu talks to the well-wishers, Marty stating that there was no alternative but to win, because “the team was getting pretty tired of riding trains.” It seems that the boys don’t especially relish being shipped home immediately after a lost game. The train pulled in at 6, the players boarded, and 10 minutes later were on their way to Madison with “Too Badger Coin’ To Lose, Wisconsin” tied securely to the rear platform. New History Society Will Sponsor Contest Three prizes, $300, $200, and $100, are being offered by the New History Society for the three best papers of not more than 2,000 words on the subject “How Can Cultural And Social Values of Racial Minorities in the United States and Its Outlying Possessions and Territories be Adjusted and Harmonized?” The contest, which is open to all students, starts November 15, and no papers may be postmarked later than March 15, 1938. Stipulations require papers to be typewritten, double spaced, with the name and address of the author appearing in the upper right hand corner of each sheet. Each contestant is requested to submit two copies of his manuscript. A questionnaire, to be filled out and attached to each manuscript, may be obtained from the New .History Society, Seventh Prize Competition, 132 East 65th street. New York, N. Y. .Further information may be also obtained from this address. Pearce Lectures On New Use Of Eledricity On Farms Heating water for hogs in special hog fountains, lighting to stimulate plant growth, and pig brooders were among the newer uses of electricity on the farm discussed yesterday by J. M. Pearce, of the Indianapolis Public Service Company. Pearce spoke at the last session of a two day conference on Rural Elecrification, held here at the University with the cooperation of the Agricultural Experiment station and the Indiana Electric Association. Over 80 utility managers, rural electric? engineers, and others from all sections of Indiana attended the conference. J. J. Scherer, Indianapolis, chief state electrical inspector, and D. A. Kelley, Milwaukee, Wis., also spoke on the afternoon pi’ogram.
Bob Shinn Will Play For PIA Tea Dance This Afternoon Bob Shinn and his 15-piece orchestra will play for the PIA Tea Dance this afternoon from 3:30 until 5:30 o’clock in the Memorial Union ballroom. ^ Admittance will be permitted only if one. of the couple present a PIA card at the door. A temporary date bureau has been conducted in preparation for the dance. Circle dances will be used as ice-breakers, to aid in “mixing” the couples. ‘Broom dances” will enable the stags to cut in on any couple, provided they have a broom. AChS To Hear Speech On Varnish Industry The monthly meeting of the Purdue section of the American Chemical Society, Monday, November 15, will featuz'e a talk by Dr. Robert J. Moore, of the Bakelite Corporation, N. Y. Dr. Moore will speak at 7:30 p. m. in room 106 of the Chemistry Building; his subject will be “The Relation of the Chemist to the Varnish Industry.” The speaker has been in the chemical field for 26 years, having served with Columbia University, the Fraser Laboratories, and Pratt & Lambert as well as chairman of the Paint and Varnish division of the American Chemical Society, before coming to his present position. During this time he has written several papers on progress in chemistry. Preceding Dr. Moore’s talk, at 6 p. m., there will be a dinner in his honor in the Memorial Union Building. Reservations may be made with Dr. Shrewsbury, secretary of the University section of the society. Kappa Delta Pi Gives Tea For IDO Teachers One hundred critic teachers attending their 13th annual state conference wer^ entertained yesterday afternoon with a tea given at the new Women’s Residence Hall by Kappa Delta Pi, student honorary education society, in co-operation with the two halls. Coffee, cider, and doughnuts were served. Lillian Murphy, Kathleen Jewett, Phyllis Holt, Jeanne Stiles, Catherine Ann Cromer, Grace Kirtland, Frances Doyle, and Harriett Morris poured. Thirty co-eds serving as hostesses showed the visitors through the Halls. Bud Bryant To Play For Hospifal Benefit Ball Bud Bryant and his orchestra will play for the Hospital Benefit Ball, which will be held in Allen’s Ballroom tonight from 9 to 1 o’clock. Pat Haywood, who plays the swing guitar, has been added to the orchestra for this dance. Tickets to the Ball, which is open to the public, ifiay be bought at the door. The proceeds from the affair will be divided between the Home and St. Elizabeth Hospitals. Dr. K. Lark-Horovitz To Lead Musical Concert Dr. K. Lai'k-Horovitz will direct an ensemble of four string instruments in a concert Sunday evening af 8 o’clock in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. Other members of' the ensemble include Mrs. Harletta Sasser, Grand Rapids, Mich.; Miss Thelma Thrasher, Lafayette; and M. C. Howenstein, West Lafayette. The program will consist of Mozart's piano quartet in G Minor, the Straus Burleske, and Schumann’s piano quartet number in E Flat Major, Op. 47.
Four Riveter Sophomores, Bykowski, Britf, Brock, Verplank, In Lineup; Teams Claim Underdog Title PROBABLE LINEUPS
WISCONSIN
Position
PURDUE
Benz (C)
LE
Britt
Eckl
LT
Schreyer (C)
Doyle
LG
Bykowski
Murray
C
Humphrey
Cole
RG
Verplank
Brodhagen
RT
Woltman
Weigandt
RE
Zachary
Gavre
QB
Cody Isbell
Schmitz
LH
Cecil Isbell
Malesevich
RH
Brock
Weiss
FB
Juska
BROADCAST—By station WTMJ (Milwaukee). Ready to help Wisconsin celebrate Dads’ Day in the wrong way, the Boilermakers traveled north last night for today’s game with the Badgers at 2 o’clock, on Camp Randall Field. Purdue’s often punctured pass defense must pull itself together if the Gold and Black gridders are to pull up to the .500 mark in Big Ten standings for the first time this year. Coach Harry Stuhldreher’s boys are said to be relying on an aerial offense for today’s game and with the veteran Benz at
one end to snag the tosses, it may keep the Boilermakers
dizzy.
In past yeai’s, the Wisconsin-Pur-due games have been marked by many upsets, but this afternoon’s encounter can not be called an upset should either the Boilermakers or the Badgers win. Both teams are claiming to be the underdogs, but on pre-game dope there seems to be little difference between the two. Purdue followers will be hoping that the Gold and BlacTc team will get back into winning ways before it meets the high-stepping Hoosiers in the season’s final. Also the Boilermakers have not been up to early season forecasts as yet and must win today’s game to vindicate them-
selves.
Coach Mai Elward is expected to give the sophomores a chance to demonstrate their ability today with at least four slated for the starting lineup. Britt will hold down Powell’s left end position because of the latter’s injury, Bykowski and Verplank will take the guard posts, and Brock, will, of course, start at right half. A number of other second year men have shown up fine in late games and are due to see much action. L S. Winch Announces Varsity Debate Squad L. S. Winch, varsity debate coach, recently announced the members of this year’s debate squad, expressing his opinion that the team should live uii to the high standard feet in previous years. Three varsity men who are back are, R. M. Sasser, J. 'W. Fredericks, and Joe Rittenhouse. According to the varsity debate schedule, Purdue will meet Indiana at Indianapolis in a practice debate November 15. On the next night November 16, the Ohio State negative competes with the Purdue affirmativq in the Home Economics Auditorium at 8 p. m. in a conference debate. November 18, Purdue travels to Urbana to eng;9,ge the University of Illinois affirmative in the second conference debate. On December 3, speaking before the annual high school debate conference, the University of of Wisconsin affirmative meets the Purdue negative here.
Acada
Acacia fraternity announces the pledging of A. L, Sams of Brownsville, 0.
Inspector Passes On West Side Restaurants Restaurants in West Lafayette are in fairly good sanitary condition, Inspector T. E. Sullivan, of the state department of food and drugs said yesterday after a general examination of all public eating places
m the city.
This inspection followed a recent drive by the Exponent and the Student Health Service of the University to effect a general clean-up of West Side restaurants. Some restaurants did not meet state standards. Inspector Sullivan reported, and the proprietors of these were ordered to clean up before the inspector returns. He will come back at frequent intervals to check up on the eating places.
•s.
Students are still requested to report unsanitary conditions in restaurants either to the Exponent or to the Health Service. Nubel Prize Awarded Former Staff Member Dr. Clinton Joseph Davisson, department of physics staff member in 1908, received the 1937 Nobel Prize in Physics Thursday for his discovery of the wave properties of matter. Davisson received the honorary degree of Doctor of Science at the University last year for his discoveries in the field of electronics. He is at present director of research of the Bell Telephone laboratories, where h# made his prize-winning discovery in 1927. Dean Matthews Leaves For Meeting In Washington Dean Mary L. Matthews, of the school of home economics, left yesterday afternoon for Washington, D. C., to attend the National Meeting of the Land Grant Colleges Association. She will be gone until Thursday. Before her return. Dean Matthews will go to the University of Maryland at College Park, Md., to install a new chapter of Omicron Nu, national home economics honorary.
Black And Tan Fantasy Ponies Adopt New Color Schemes For Brief Costumes By H. I. Stanback
Ponies in the Student Union’s Black and Tan Fantasy dancing chorus are only half true to their colors. Specially designed and specially brief costumes in black and white instead of black and tan are being assembled, while “ the girls spend every afternoon learning tap steps in the Union ballroom. Dance directors Betty Jo and Rufina Sexton are trailing their eight proteges in two routines of their own design. If Lafayette and the West Side can supply enough buxmt cork, the chorus torsos will be tanned up in true minstrel show style. Russ Mock, spontaneous piapist, has been beating time for the ponies
every day. He claims he can now identify Thelma Goodman, Peg Timberlake, Dorothy Kolar, Mary JeaW Sefton, Willie Gross, Harriet Shephard, Margaret Stocker, and Ruth Bennett, by the equations of their curves. Rumor has it that sevex'al of the end men are writing choice script bits on bottle labels while riding the rails oa inspection trips. Union vice-presidents predict 4he possibility of two pex'formances of this year's annual Thanksgiving minstrel fantasy. If crowd expectations wax'rant it, another performance will be held Thanksgiving Day right nfter a tea dance scheduled for the afternoon. >ifppniqRppi
'^■,'11
/
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. November 13,i 1937.
What Is The Urge To Succeed?
“Unless he’s got that urge to do this particular thing, he’s a lost souL” Thus at a recent gathering of senior men and WSGA counselors for delinquent freshmen, President Elliott pointed out one of the chief reasons why a student fails in this University. “Find out whether the fellow has the urge to succeed if not, perhaps you can divide yours with him,” Dr. Elliott advised the counselors.
The urge to succeed . . . that’s a rather intangible force, isn’t it? What is this urge to succeed .. . from what does it arise? Why do some students make a go of college life, while others wdth apparently equal ability barely drag themselves through or perhaps they may even flunk out ?
We can’t define this mysterious urge, but we do think we can explain why a large number of students fail in a particular subject or in their entire college career. Failures result partly from lack of inspirational ability on the part of instructors.
True, there are students in this University who should never have come here . . . who are not college material. It is not of these we are speaking, though; it is of the students who show possibilities of making good scholastic records and then fail to come through.
Last spring in recommending the Purdue Institute of American Policy and Technology to us. Prof. P^ank Hockema, director of the summer session, read aloud the list of nationally famous leaders who had promised to lecture at some time during the two-week ^program. “If I ever take another educational course,” Professor Hockema said, “It’s going to be more for the teacher than for the subject matter in it.”
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
^seriated (BbUegiatg "llregs
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided >for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except' Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 pCr year ; by mail $3.60.
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAU ADVERT19INO BV National AdvertssiilgService, Inc.
College Publishers Representalive 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago - Boston - Los Angeles - SAN Francisco
MAIN OFFICE
312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone B037 , Business Phone 6038
UNION OFFICE
Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief R. P. Manion
Business Manager D. C. Miller
■* PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor V Associate Editors A. Bailey, L.S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary....; Margaret Sawyer
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager, : National Advertising Manager....... ,...., Local Advertising Manager , Circulation Manager.
J. P. Girard ;..W. J. Gillilan ..R. R. Hensler .. .M. C. Reeves
CO-ED STAFF Editor ; Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF
Editor . — K. F. Obenchain Associate Editors..... J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald,
B. D. Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All_ opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Issue Editor—Tafel Night Editor—Schroeder ISaturday, November 13, 1937
That, we think, is a very good point. Not only can a teacher be more important than the course itself, but by his classroom attitude he may determine whether a student will pass the course.
If the instructor is interested in teaching as a profession he will try to arouse that urge to succeed. If he considers teaching a drudgery —merely a means of earning a livelihood—he will likely only administer his courses; make assignments, give tests, and dole out grades,
without taking the interest in his students which would decide whether some of them were going to'^ass. Too many instructors here at the University subordinate teaching to research or commercial work. While this standpoint may better them financially or raise their “professional standing,” it surely does not make for the best development of their student material.
‘Doesn’t the self-satisfaction that comes from good teaching make up for certain personal sacrifices ?
By Mary Cooley “Laugh and the world laughs with you—^w.eep and you weep alone.” Prof. Paul Thomas Young, of the University of Illino^ psychology department, has investigated this saying and found it statistically sound. His campus studies showed that the laughter was 400 times more prevalent than weeping. He found that collegians cry less than once in every 20 days, and laugh more than 20 times a day. Furthermore, women weep three times as often as men and do not laugh as often.
The Indiana Daily Student says: “We’d like to peep in on the next faculty dance just to see what a dignified version of the ‘Big Apple’ looks like!”
Whatta hockey game! The boys of Theta Xi versus the girls of Delta Gamma at Penn State. It was a conflict of players garbed in everything from the housekeeper’s apron to the Thespian chorus costumes (Theta Xi’s) and players wearing brother’s pants (the Delta Gainmas). The shortage of hockey sticks didn’t daunt the players any; spirited squad members put brooms, paddles, and mop handles into use. What was the score ? Oh, the boys grabbed a 3-1 victory.
Taxi day will be observed on the campus of the University of Southern California on December 2. This is the annual opportunity for cardriving students (plutocrats, we call ’em) to turn professional. Numerous antiquated vehicles are turned into taxis for the convenience of those holding 10-cent tickets, and the drivers are obliged to take their passengers to any reasonable destination around the campus. The Women’s Student Government Association sponsors this event.
The. Phi Delts at West Virginia University have a “quack” night watchman who likes to pet and untie shoe strings. The neighboring duck, who was evidently annoyed by the late hour disturbances when the fraternity moved into their new home, quacked his earnest protest— but in vain.
So now he’s taken things under his wing; he makes a nightly check on all the boys in the house—free gratis. Eagerly awaiting each late arrival, he announces them with a “Quack, quack, quack” that is beyond imitation. “Goo Goo,” as he is dubbed> enjoys being petted. His only response is to untie the gentleman’s shoe strings. His political affiliations are unknown but it is quite probable that, as the Thanksgiving-menu-planning
time approaches, he is hoping the Phi Delta Thetas take President Roosevelt’s advice to “be a good neighbor.”
University Directories The first shipment of University directories is ' exhausted. No more copies will be available until further notice. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar.
Debris Group Sittings Schedule
Organization pictures for the 1938 Debris will be taken Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, Nov. 16-18, from 7:00-9:00 p. m. All arrangements have been made so that every organization will be photographed on these three evenings. The groups will be formed in the corridor outside the Debris office where they Will be conducted to the tower room at the appointed time.
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 16
7:00 Reamer Club 7:06 Gimlet Club 7 :J0 Pi Tau Sigma 7:16 Eta Kappa Mu 7 :20 Phi Lambda Epsilon 7 :26 Chi Epsilon 7 :30 Catalyst 7:86 Tau Beta Pi 7:40 ASME 7:45 AIEE 7 :60 AIChE 7:66 ASCE . 8:00 Sigma Delta Chi 8:05 Gold Peppers 8:10 Delta Eho Kappa 8:16 Theta Alpha Phi 8:20 Omicron Nu 8:26 Kappa Delta Pi 8:30 WSGA
8:35 YWCA 8:46 WAA 8:46 Purdue Pharmacist 8 :60 Kappa Psi 8:66 Student Senate
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 17
7 :00 7 :06 7:10 7:15 7:20 7 :26 7:30 7 :35 7:40 7:45 7:50 7 :56 8:00 8:06 8:10 8:16 8:20 8:26 8:30 8:35 8:40 8:45 8:60 8:66 9:00
Hoof and Horn Ceres Alpha Zetd Agriculturist Zouaves Cadet Officers’ Luncheon Comm. POMM Scabbard and Blade PIA ' Purdue Independent Purdue Engineer Alpha Lambda Delta Debris Editorial Sophs Debris Business Sophs Debris Photography Sophs Student Union Workers Student Union Workers Exponent Editorial Workers Exponent Editorial Workers Exponent Business Workers Skull and Crescent Forestry Club Forestry Club XI Sigma Pi Sportswomen
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 18
7 :00 Cosmopolitan Club 7:06 Phi Mu 7 :10 Playshop.^Board 7 :15 Alpha Phi Omega 7:20 WBAA 7:26 Triton Clpb
Penalty Dates
During the present semester there are six penalty dates. They are November 19, 22, 24, 26, frorq noon December 1*7 to noon December 18 and January 3. These days represent the 24 hour periods before ^nd after the day of the Indiana vs. Purdue football game. Thanksgiving Day and the Christmas Recess.
Executive Memorandum: No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty dates. Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file with the Dean of Men a certified, detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary payment. i Penalty Rule: Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the twenty-four hoprs (not including Saturday afternoon nor Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the cashier an, extra fee of $5.00 for each twentyfour hour period or fraction thereof missed. M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men.
Now that the supply of yellow slips are nearing exhaustion, we can all start settling down to show the old bo^s that they shouldn’t have sent us any.
THE VERY THOUGHT OF YOU
You make me dread To see my mail. To be told by the prof That I’m going to fail. You remind me of A thousand things. And o’er it all To my memory clings The classes I cut For these cokes to sip You curse of all curses— My yellow slip.
r>
From that rag, the Indiana Daily Student, comes the news that for the Blanket Hop after the game they have Don Bestor. To Boilermakers remembering last year’s Prom, he should be OK to console those heartbroken lU students—at least, that’s the only good we know of for him.
This would have probably been more appropriate last week, but we didn’t find it then.
THE MORNING AFTER
Here I am upon the bed. Tongue so dry, throbbing head; Swollen eyes, feet so sore. Night after the night before.
Food tastes awful, got no pep. Spent my kale, lost my rep; Don’t want to get up, feel so bad— Gee, what a wonderful time I had. —swiped.
FAMOUS LAST LINE: I only got two X’s.
What, Where, When?
By Sally McKee Prom the Associated Collegiate Press comes the following item. New York City—(AGP)—A de«*° partment in manners—the first in a publicly supported university—has been created at H^inter College. It will be known as “the ABC of Living, Or Conversation in the Amenities, Behavior, and Customs.” Mrs. Katharine Bleecker Meigs who heads the course has prepared a set of commandments for the business woman. They are: ONE—Thou shaft not ever use scented powder as a substitute for soap and water. TWO—Thou shalt not wear flashy clothes, or screaming colors. THREE—Thou shalt not put on makeup like Theda Bara, nor perfume thyself so strong that strong men reel when you pass.
—LAST daydouble FEATURE
IHt emAT WHIH HHH HIS eMHBIlWMMK'-
wWi KENT TAYLOR’I IRENE HERVEY
—COMING SUNDAY— Marlene Dietrich
in
‘ANGEL”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Li
IS
‘Is ‘Uh huh’ all you have to say ? And after I bought this for your sake, too!”
FOUR—Thou shalt not talk too freely—keep gossip for thy private life.
FIVE^—Thou shalt keep thy love life outside the office.
SIX—Thou shalt-'nOt leap like a fire horse at an alarm when 5 o’clock comes.
SEVEN-t-Thou must speak clearly and directly—accurately. EIGHT—Thou must not be emotional or oversensistive or get thy feelings hurt. NINE—Thou must do thy work thoroughly. Fear not to say, “I don’t know.”
TEN—Thou must not think men in the office are making passes when they are only being civil; do not make passes thyself. Mrs. Meigs believes manners are taught, not inherited.
—LAST DAY— TWO FIRST RUN HITS!
CHARLES BICKFORD
—in— ZANE GREY’S “THUNDER TRAIL”
plus CHAS. QUIGLEY
“The Game That Kills”
Sunday and Monday ALICE FAYE RITZ BROS. —in—
“You Can’t Have Everything”
-LAST DAY-
1 nailii MR. . iillilifllV!
JOItN BEAL WAKRKN WILLIAM
iUlmM OWEN — STARTING SUNDAY. Eddie Cantor
in
‘Ali Baba Goes to Town”
Faculty Bridge Players To Hold Meeting Monday
University staff and faculty bridge enthusiasts will hold their second meeting Monday night at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. A series of sixbridge parties has been scheduled, the first of which was held last month. "Prizes will be awarded for the high score of the evening for both men and women. ■
ARC
—TODAY
also
“Robinson Crusoe” Serial
SUNDAY — MONDAY “Pick a Star” “Let’s Make a Million”
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
-Plus-'Ju^T' The Bat Whispers’
Chester Morris Una Merkel
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
miI >
/i. f
Saturday. November 13. 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Riveter B' Team Tackles Ulini Today In Ross-Ade Stadium
Purdue Squad Seeks Revenge For Early Defeat By Victory In Final Encounter Of Schedule
Out for revenge for a setback at the hands of the Illini at Champaign earlier in the season, the Purdue “B” football team will face Illinois at 2 o’clock this afternoon in the Ross-Ade Stadium. Although beaten twice by the Notie Dame “B” team early m the season, besides the 13-7 loss to the Illini, Coach Burnham’s team will be out to put up a battle in an attempt to capture that first win The game will be open, with no admission charge, and will give the fans their last chance to see a home football game during the season, as this concludes the “B” team schedule. Purdue Basketball Card Features Western Trip A seven-game trip during the Christmas vacation will feature the 1937-1938 Boilermaker basketball schedule. Starting with DePaul and Loyola of Chicago in the first two games ,the Lambert crew will make its way westward to Colorado where it will engage the Univeisity of Den\ei quintet three days before Christmas
fielder’s choice
By Dick Obenchain Tomorrow the Boilermakers will have another chance to redeem their prestige to the football world and prove that they have a plenty tough squad after all... The Purdue team has really been taking a beating from Dame Fortune all season. —^fc— Even Lynn Waldorf admitted that Northwestern beat Purdue on a bit of a fluke and on one of his bioadcasts, warned the rest of the opponents on the Boilermaker schedule to beware . Ohio State was the only on'e of the three teams which have defeated Puidue that looked bettei on the statistics sheet . . Even Fordham, who raked the Boilermakers over the coals, 21-3, was on the short end of the statistics . . . Still, the paying off is done on the scoiing column. —fc— One place where the local squad falls down is in passing . . . Purdue neither has an impressive record in completing or breaking up passes . . . Both the Boilermakers and their opponents have attempted 80 passes /and the opponents have completed over half of those attempted —42 . . . We believe that we have never come across such a percentage of completed passes . . . —fc— Army was unimpressive in then 7 to 6 win over Haivard last week . And since we always like to bet on the Irish, we’ll pick them to down the West Pointers . . . Michigan, 13; Pennsylvania, 6 . . . We believe that Alabama will continue then string of unbi oken victories at the expense of Georgia Tech . And we’ll end our predictions by picking Cornell ovei Columbia, 21 to 0, and Ohio State over Illinois by 12 points.
The game of the week is the Go-pher-Wildcat tussle at Minneapolis .... The Minnesota squad has been defeated twice but is undefeated in Conference play . . . while Northwestern has two Conference losses charged to her . . . Although Notre Dame, who has had a dismal season, defeated the Badgers, we still put our money on the Bierman squad. —^fc— The water carnival is pietty much in the spotlight at present ... We have one of the finest indoor pools in the counti y now as the new fieldhouse nears completion ... We even have an aquatic queen Bai bara Cook —a former national junior high boaid diving champ . . . December 3 and 4, the dates of the Dolphin aquacade, will be red letter days for us. Boilermaker Cross Countrymen Race Wisconsin Today Yesterday afternoon at 2 o’clock si;x cross-country men piled into Coach Phillips’ car and headed towards Wisconsin for their meet with the Badgefs theie this morning Time Trials As a result of time trials held on Wednesday afternoon, A. P. Knapp, A. V. Gaulke, M Bell, D. R. Long, A. C. Bodeau, and R. B. Marozick were picked to make this last trip of the season. Running this morning at 10*30 the squad will be treated to the Wisconsin game this afternoon as an
HAYS lEWELEY.COMPAHY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
AIRPLANE RIDES 50c ^ Purdue University Airport Through Courtesy Of Texaco SUNDAY NOVEMBER 14 Tickets Obtainable at Airport Captain L. I. Artez—^Pilot
'Rodney for style scouts
The smartest style find of the year is the colored sbhf ■with the separate whtte starched collar and cuffs. And our Arrow Rodney is the outstanding shirt in this class. Rodney has the world-famous Arrow collar. Rodney is Mitoga-cut, so that it fits you better — and keeps its fit because it js Sanforized-Shrunk. A new slnrt free, tf one ever shrinks. $2-50 DEWENTER’S 416 Main St.
Ohio State-IIlinois While Minnesota is battling the Wildcats, Ohio State will try to hang onto its chance to finish at the top of the Conference when it meets the Illini at Champaign. Zuppke’s chaiges surprised Northwestern last week by handing them a 6-0 setback after losing to Indiana and Michigan in their first two Confeience tilts. Indiana, traveling for the fouith stiaight week, engages the Hawkeyes at Iowa City So far this season, Iowa has been unable to win a Confeience game The Hoosiers have completed 35 out of 73 forwaid passes against Big Ten opponents, and the Iowa aeiial defense looked weak against Minnesota last week. Michigan and Chicago With three straight victories behind them, the Michigan Wolverines play a non-confeience tilt with the Pennsylvania Quakeis in Philadelphia, while the University of Chicago with five straight losses and no triumphs this year, stays at home to play host to Beloit College.
Gophers Defpnd Big Ten Lead Against N. U. Today; Ohio Meets illini; Indiana Versus Iowa Minnesota, the only undefeated eleven in Big Ten competition this season, meets Northwestern at Minneapolis today to defend its lead and try to avenge last year’s loss to the Purple which ended the Gopher string of 21 consecutive victories.
entertainment after their morning’s labor. I Unknown Quantity Last year the Badger harriers came out victorious over the Boilermakers, and as Phillips wasn’t sure of the strength of the Wisconsin team, he was noncommittal Thursday night as to his ideg, of how the meet would turn out. With this the last meet of the year, the Gold and Black squad will be striving to set a .500 average for the season. To date they have won two of their contests and have dropped three.
Boilermaker Boxing Team To Face Big Ten Opponents For First Time In Years At last Purdue is to have a boxing team in Big Ten competition' After many yeais of struggling and hoping, the Boilermakers will have a team under the leadeiship of “Punchy” Maxwell competing along with the othei schools. Accoidmg to Maxwell, there is little that has been decided definitely as fai as meets go. However, connections are being made with the vaiious schools and by this spring there will be a senes of matches. At the piesent time, the team is badly in need of light-heavyweights, and heavyweights, as there is only one man in each of these classes. Maxwell would like to have any men in these weights who want to fight to report to him immediately ,as he IS going to turn in a list of men the latter part of next week to make sure they aie eligible. H-1 - E-3 Battle For Crown In ROTC Softball Tourney Out of the 32 teams oiiginally in the race for the battery championship of the Purdue ROTC, only two teams, H-1 and E-3, remain in the lunning. They will play for the title Monday afternoon at 4.15. To the winners in this contest will be piesented gold medals and citations, with the losers getting silver medals.
New Ballroom Classes Open BEGINNER’S Wed., Nov. 24, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED Friday, Nov. 26, 7:30 p. m. 10 Lessons $6.00 payable, $3.00 on the first lesson, the balance on the third lesson. THE ALLEN SCHOOL OF DANCING INDIANA’S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL 6th and Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
T32 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
10% ^discount on all Laundry brought in and called for at our West Side Office, 132 Vine Street. Bring it in with your Dry Cleaning and save 10% on all your Laundry. For pick up and delivery service phone 3085.
AMERICAN LAUNDRYw^m
iiil
J# T is 1"
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. November 13. 1937
All America Ratings -ByCHRISTYWALSHMember All America Board of Football Fa'^t and fuiiou'^lv move the hands on the All Ameiica clock foi 1937 For seten exciting weeks the pendu luin has swung acioss the face of the football map and 70 stalwaits of the giidnon have survived the sifting piocess Many unexpected heioes, including gieen gangling unknown sophomoies have earned a sudden lecognition fiom pi ess and public and in this scene of gridiron frenzy, the merits of players rn colleges removed from big-time spot lights have not been overlooked Mid November finds the Weekly Ratings all but swamped with tele grams and letters extolling the vir tues of favorite players but this week from a little town in Kansas and from the lake port city of Buf falo—both outside the maioi foot ball circuit—come undeniable evi dence of gridiron greatness m the minor colleges DALFONSO University of Buffalo Halfback Rated by some as the best back m minor college circles Dalfonso is a brilliant pass receivei has averaged almost seven yards per try in six games calls signals and accounts for 40 per cent of his team s tackles Bob Stedler Buffalo Evening News gives Dalfonso All America rating and adds Of the rs upstate college teams surveyed by this writer this playei stands out as the most valuable all around back He has played 60 minutes in five games and 58 in the other DANAHER St Benedict s Halfback In the words of Gene Sullivan St Joseph (Mo ) News-Press ‘ Danaher by his great work all season is assured of selection on the first All Kansas tfeam for the third con secutive year Although defeated Saturday last this 195 pcrund star kept his team mates in the fight and captured for himself the individual honors of the day A great passer and runner he provides vicious block mg for his fellow runners and on defense he never yields an inch MACLEOD Dartmouth Halfback Fig uring in eveiy important Dartmouth move although less conspicuous than his fellow backs MacLeod carried the ball blocked out tacklers and cut down Princeton inter ferers with the precision and finish of a head coach Here is a playei of definite All America measurement who like many others fails to catch the fancy of those who crave gridiron acrobatics Without Mac Leod dependable conservative irrepres sible Dartmouth s backfield would be in second gear MILLUS Villanova Tackle Add Millus to the list is the approval from Pop War ner member of All America Board And Coach Warner probably knows more about him than his best boosters because his Temple players will feel the impact of his VICIOUS charge Saturday next One word from the veteran coach is enough to honor any boy but two words— Add Millus — means Pop Warner has a particular respect for Villanova s stalwart linesman McCARTY Notre Dame Center Singled out as the man who has made Notre Dame s defense this extraordinary player has scin tillated in every game this year Battered and bruised by the onslaught of Pitts burgh’s heavier and more powerful forwards McCarty absorbed much of the punishment in the center of the line and never flinched Each succeeding week has found McCarty backing up the Irish line in championship fashion, invariably dumping the oncoming rush KOSCIS Florida Guard Recommending Koscis for All America rating because of his fine showing last Saturday against Georgia Ed Danforth Atlanta Georgian wires as follows Frank Koscis is five feet eight and scales 196 yet all afternoon he was whipping his underslung bulk into the interference to clear the way for Floiida backs On defense he was never moved once Koscis did a 60 minute trick that stamped him as one of the best guards in college football MILLER. Indiana Center Not content with being the best defensive player on the field this versatile pivot man stepped back in the second quarter to boot a three point kick over the goal thus breaking the ice and paving the way to an unexpected vie tory Miller plowed into the Buckeye back field and spilled the interference repeat edly He was downfield under punts frequently ahead of his own ends Miller more than any other player stopped the forward scoring threats of Ohio State KILGROW Alabama Halfback A vet eran conference coach after seeing unde feated Alabama in a tight squeeze against Tulane wires as follows Joe Kilgrow 178 left halfback for the Ciimson Tide put on a spectacular show of team work combined with individual peiformance here today He played the entire game a gruelling affair and was the main factor in pulling his team mates together in tight places Kilgiow was the spear head of an 83 yard march that netted a touchdown and led to victory In that drive he ran 35 yards in five plays JEFFERSON Northwestern Halfback Coach Zuppke Illinois coach and member of All America Board cites Jefferson as the leading ground gainer in a losing battle against the Illini He punted exeeptionally well and passed with daring and precision one of his aerials going 50 yaids to comple tion Jefferson a junior wiighs 185 pounds IS gifted with ruggedmss rather than height and according to Coach /uppk is a great man for the light halfback position WHITE Colorado University Quarter hack I>ank K Baker Salt Lake Telegram wires Many observeis rank Byron Buzzer White above Dutch Clark and more versatile than Kent Ryan He scored all 17 points against Utah for victoiy averaging over 8 yards in 23 attempts His punting was great He hurled 30 yard aerials and inter cepted passes almost at will He kicked a field goal and made all but 30 of his team s 217 yards from scrimmage Catching a punt on his own 15 yard line he squirmed and straight-armed his way almost without in terference running 85 yards to a touchdown and kicked goal Two mu utes later he raced 57 yards off tackle for another score White is president of the student body a Rhodes Scholar candidate and Phi Beta Kappa (Copyright 1987)
Fieldhouse To Provide Permanent Quarters For Aquatic Squad Workouts Some time next weeK the Boilermakei swimming squad will move into the Fieldhouse to take up their peimanent quaiteis and go into m tensive tiaimng Aftei having been filled with water for a few weeks, the pool was diained this week for inspection If it is satisfactory, it will be refilled and the mermen will immediately stait piacticmg watei polo so that they will be in trim foi the exhibition which they will put on foi the Aquacade scheduled foi Decembei 3 4 The Dolphin swimming club IS sponsoring this new featuie of the Pm due sport’s loster Poullry Club Selects L. R. '38 Show Chairman Lawrence R Ralston of Vevay was elected chan man of the Poultry Club committee at a recent meeting of the Poultry Club The committee will make its plans foi the 1938 baby chick and egg show G R Sipe spoke on the poultry industry in Mississippi Guests at the meeting weie the shoit couise members shoit course membeis
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
LOST—Racine wrist watch in Union Saturday night Reward Call Fisher 6057
RELIABLE STUDENT—Wants a roommate Good room, separate beds 432 N Grant. Phone 41612
Women’s Athletics
ASME Members may get their November magazines at the instrument room of the ME Building Pins and charms for new mem bers are in —CLUTTER
A last half goal by Mai garet Jen kins gave the senior co eds a 1 0 victory ovei the sophomores in a game played yesterday afternoon The last game in the double round robin hockey tournament will be played Monday between the sopho mores and juniors Tuesday afternoon the all-star game will be played between two teams, the Gold and Blacks, selected fiom the class squads
Co-eds working at Pennsylvania State College eari( approximately $160 apiece Their jobs range fiom chaperoning to clerking in a telegraph office
NEW SWEATERS NEW SHIRTS NEW TIES NEW “SKIMUFFS” ROSENTHAL’S 322 Main St.
Victor Release Release No. 240
• 25705 VIENI, VIENI HANDFUL OF KEYS Denny Goodman Quaitet • 25704 I CASH CLO’ES SWING LIGHTLY Laiiy Clinton and Oicbestia • 25703 THE MORNING AFTER I MAY BE WRONG Tommy Dorsey and Oichestra • 25702 WHEN THE ORGAN PLAYED “O PROMISE ME” TEN PRETTY GIRLS Guy Lombardo and Oichestia
McLean Music Co.
MAIN ST
LAFAYETTE
STUDENT LAUNDRY —Phone 75152 By experienced hand, flat ironei Call for puces Shirts 10c
LOST—Brown pigskin jacket Re ward Phone Peanne Stiles, 5067
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8pm
Conditional Students Examinations for the removal of conditions in ME 31 and ME 61 will be given December 4 at 1 p m in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building Any student wishing to take this test must see me before November 27 —MESSERSMITH
Prom and Gala Week Committees Secure petitions at Senate office room A 4 to m November 10 to 23 —ELLIOTT
Rollerskating Party Wesley Foundation will conduct a roller skating party Novem her 13 at 2 p m Price 26 cents Cars will leave from 436 State street All stu dents aie welcome —HURD
AIChE Debris pictures wil]«be taken No vember 16 at 7 50 p m in the tower room of the Union Membership fees may be paid at that time —GRIFFENHAGEN
WAA Hockey Conference Girls going to Chicago November 20 for conference meet in Women s Gym at 11 a m Saturday —BRADY
Exponent Co-eds Will the following girls please come to the Union Exponent office November 18 at 1 80 p in—Williams, Lim pus, Totten Schilling, Martens —McKEK
Wesley Foundation A roller skating party will be held Saturday November 13, at 2 p m Please sign up at the Foundation house —HURD
Purdue Riding Club Moonlight ride November 16 at 8 p m Members wishing to go sign up in Union office —SUMMERS
Union Sophomores Will all available Union sophomores report to the office No vember 13 as soon after 1 p m as possible Very important —JACOBSON
WAA Riflery Practice November 15 Ward 4 at 6 16 p m Ward 1 at 7 p m and WRH North at 7 45 p m —CHRISTENSON Christian Science Organization Regular meeting will be held in room A of the Union November 16 at 7 30 p m —WINTER
Chi Epsilon Will meet in room D of the
Union Building November 15 at 7 30 p m —WALING
Play Shop Stage crew work November 13 at 1 00 p m , —BRENAN Union WiU my committee please meet in the work room November 13 at 1 p m —MASON
Camera Club Meeting November 17 Speaker Come one—come all —SAMUELSON
Union Show Specialties The following meet at 1 p m November 13 in room B Bob Skinner Don Muller Benny Burns Mar jone Stai rett Eugene Flater Eve Ruth Russ Mock Betty Jo Sexton Rufina Sex ton and Jerry Ciral —TAYLOR
ASME Members meet in the tower room of the Union Novembei 16 at 7 40 p m for the debate lecture —CLUTTER
Football Managers Report to Fieldhouse at 1 00 p m November 13 and at 9 30 a m November 14 —FRUSH
Purdue Engineer All freshmen and mem-
bers of the circulation staff report to the Engineer office at 1 30 p m November 13 -ANDERSON
CE 6 and CE 10 (Camp) Examinations for the removal of conditions will be held in CE 101 December 4 at 1 p m Get permits in CE 102 before December 1 —TODD
Gimlet Members Dinner and meeting at Delta Tau Delta house November 16 at 6 o clock —BROWN
Glider Club Report to the Tow Car gar age for work session at 1 p m November 13 —MOORE
Alpha Lambda Delta Group picture will be taken November 17 at 1 55 in the tower room of the Union Building A meeting will be held following the picture —RANDALL
Scrivener Important meeting of all mem bers in the office at the Union Building at 1 o clock November 13 —FELDMAN
Purdue Riding Club Moonlight ride No vember 16 at 8 p m Members wishing to go sign up at the Union office —SUMMERS
Take less “time out”
Pressed, waiting for you on a moHave your suit Crown Cleaned and ment’s notice. Thus avoiding "time out” waiting to have it cleaned and pressed when you need it.
HAVE YOUR CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED AND PRESSED REGULARLY
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
E S
Your Application
IS
Most Important
SOMETHING TO SELL? WANT HELP? DID YOU LOSE SOMETHING? DO YOU WANT WORK? If so, make your application through the medium of the Exponent Classified Columns.
the p
URDUS Exponent
4V
O’
*