I
f , r
See Page Two For Sumitiafion of Exponent- Editorial Policy. .
Z-185
Dally Since 190C
X^p04ie4^
Chicago Game To«%lit-^ Should Ee A Step Aloe* Towarda Big Te« PemiMf.
roHiKled In 1889
Volume 52. No. 108
West Lafayette, Kadiana
Soturdoy. Fehmoiy 8; 184}
rs-
Rome Dispatch Hints Hitler Is Going To Vichy SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copsrright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Rome, Peb. 7.—Spanish Foreign Minister Ramon Serrano y Suner has gone to Vichy, it is learned in informed quarters here today, to join the German chancellor there in bringing pressure to bear on Marshal Henri Petain. (Editor’s note: This is the first intimation that Hitler will go to Vichy.) Spanish co-operation with the Axis will mean that Prance is entirely surrounded by Hitler-con-trolled countries so that resistance to German demands would mean ,^ift and complete occupation. Heai^ Demands by Germans The Germans went the French Navy, the armed forces in French North Africa, and the all-powerful naval base of Bizerte in French Tunisia, it has been indicated in the course of repeated diplomatic negotiations between Berlin and Vichy. The French will find it doubly difficult to resist if the Spaniards agree upon the passage of German troops eastward from French Moroccco, at a time when the Italians have turned Sicily over to Hitler as an air base scarcely more than 100 miles from Tunisia. Any possible movement by Mussolini cannot be reTjorted by foreign correspondents under the rules of the local propaganda bureau. Anti-Nazis Still Confident Axis quarters, speaking privately, have made it plain for some time that Hitler must gain control of French Africa and the French fleet before the possibility of American aid to Britain heartens the antiGerman element in France. (Gen. Maxime Weygand, commander of Prance’s North African forces, denied today in a broadcast speech in Algiers that France would turn over her naval base of Bizerte to Germany, the United Press reported from Vichy. He also denied in the name of the French government that Germany would be permitted to use Bizerte to land troops there to bolster the retreating Italian forces in Libya.)
Boilermakers Entertain Downtrodden
Ralph W.Sockman To Speak Tomorrow
Maroon Team In Fieldhouse Tonight AiRdigioiBConw
Captain Bob Igney
play the two leading female characters, Mrs. Bramson and Olivia Grayne, respectively. Dick Pettenger will carry the part of Dan, the male lead. Other Members Other members of the acting crew and their parts are John DeYoung as Lord Chief Justice, Dick Coleman as Hubert Laurie; Marianna Duke as Nurse Libby, Jane Ostrander as Dora Parkoe, and Bill Sharpies as Inspector Beloize. Ticket sales start on February 19, when mail orders will be filled, Deam said. The box office in Fowler Hall will be open for public sale, however, on February 24, he continued. Mystery Type Considering the play itself, Deam said that it is one of the “psychological mystery” type, and is wound around the contents of a mysterious box. These contents remain the subject of rather chilling speculation throughout the production. “Night Must Pall” was first presented in 1936, and then it was dubbed one of the best plays of that year. Since then it has been made into a moving picture and has been produced extensively on the stage. r.m.v.
Woman's Club To Give Banquet, Ball Monday Annual formal dinner and ball given by the Purdue Women’s Club will be held next Monday evening. Dinner will be served at 7 p. m. and the dancing""will begin at 9 p. m. in both the north and south ballroom. Tables will be set in the south ballroom for all club members who make reservations before Friday at 5 p. m. The ticket sale for this event, which high-lights the faculty social season, will continue through Thursday and Friday at the Union Building. Mrs. Guy Mackey is in charge of the ticket sale, while Mrs. Lloyd M. Vallely is general chairman of the affair. Phi Kappa Sigma . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Clinton E. Sowards, Bluffton; John G. White, West Lafayette; Charles M. Steams, Chicago, 111.: and William N. Van Duzor, Aurora, 111.
Piggy Banks On Combination Used In Illinois Encourrter
By Rolfe Jenkins Exponent Sports Editor, ’39-’40 PROBABLE LINEUP PURDUE Position Igney F. Sprowl F. Blanken C.
Appointment Of Three New Home Agents Announced Leila Gaddis, of Home Economics section of the Agricultural Extension department, today announced appointment of three new home demonstration agents to fill vacancies in Posey, Madison, and Shelby counties. ' Johanna Fienne, Iowa State graduate, was named to fill the vacancy in the Mt. Vernon headquarters of Posey county. In Madison county, Ethel Nice, home demonstration agent from North Carolina, succeeds Ruth Wiemer. Ambie V. Peters succeeds Bernice Felton in Clark county. j.s.f. Alpha Chi Rho . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Samuel N. Stevens, Grinnell, Iowa.
Pjlayshop Names Cast For Season’s Third Play Announcement of the cast for “Night Must Fall,” Playshop’s forthcoming producing, was made last night by Bill Deam, director of the drama group's third regular play of the 1940-’41 season. “Night Must Fall” will open in Fowler Hall on March 5 and continue through March 8. Jo Stong and Betty Erick will
J. L. Farmer, Negro Leader, Will Speak At Race Meeting Program Sunday Evening At 7:30, Faculty Lounge James L. Farmer, outstanding Negro Student leader, will speak at the Annual Race Relations Program tomorrow evening at 7:30. His topic will be “Minorities and Democracy.” Farmer, a graduate of Howard University, Washington, D. C., is well known for his efforts in the field of inter-racial social problems, and he will come to the University from Chicago where he is now attending a three day conference of the executive committee of the National Council of Methodist Youth. The program will be held in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union under the auspices of the Purdue Religious Council. Glen Page is chairman of the committee in charge of the evening’s activities. In addition to his NCMY executive committee membership Mr. Farmer is a graduate student in philosophy under Howard Thurman, a former secretary of the Middle Atlantic Student Christian Movement; a delegate to the Amsterdam World Christian Student Conference in 1939 and to the Toronto Consultative Conference of 1940; and the Middle Atlantic student secretary of the Fellowship of Recon-
ciliation. a.p.h. '
Union Show Will Call For Dancers Monday Dancing chorus tryouts for the new Union show will be conducted Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the tower room of the Union. Both eds and co-eds are needed for the several dance and novelty numbers. No experience is necessary for those interested in dancing in the production. Any students who have worked out specialty numbers are also asked to come to the tryout. “Harum Scarum” or “Why the Sultan Was a Lady” will be presented March 15, and is being directed by Willis Wells. Those participating in it will receive Union
credit. j.h.a. Theta Xi
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Murry Milbum, Webster Groves, Missouri; Paul Moll, University City, Missouri; Jack Wray, Evanston, Illinois.
Choice Of Winant As U. S. Minister Satisfied England By William H. Stoneman SPECIAL CABLE To Chicaero Daily News Foreien Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, Peb. 7.—^Without having to cross their fingers, the British today warmly welcomed the appointment of John G. Winant, twice Republican governor of New Hampshire, as ambassador to the Court of St. James. Winant i swell know to British Foreign Office officials, who often encountered him in Geneva. He has a reputation here as a slow but sure, eminently decent and enlightened citizen, who can be trusted. International Affairs Source of satisfaction is also found in the fact that Winant has been associated with international affairs and can be depended upon not to take a parochial view of the situation he will find here. The British themselves may be tired, by this date, of dealing with highly individualistic and untrained American politicians who, though pleasant and even charming, have not had enough previous experience to be able to talk business. Certainly, they are tired of “buttering up” American ambassadors, and they are glad to know that Winant is not the type of man they will have to try to impress. Professional Diplomat Some people might have preferred a professional American diplomat who knows the diplomatic ropes sufficiently well not to oave to learn them during such a hectic time as the present. The nam^s of at least two such persons had been mentioned and both of them seemed qualified to run the embassy without tipping it upside ^wn, mmI to represeut their country |n London.
CHICAGO Fons Nelson
Stampf
Blemker G. Me Mahon Caress G Wagenberg OFFICIALS—Referee, Glenn Adams, DePauw; umpire, Gilbert Mc-
Donald, Wisconsin.
BROADCAST—WBAA, Purdue.
Five little men, who conclusively proved themselves men despite their relative smallness of statuie by handing pennantbent Hoosiers and rangy Illini successive defeats, will take the floor as a unit for the third game since Piggy Lambert selected them as starters when the Boilermakers meet Chicago on the
Fieldhouse floor tonight. The Igney - Sprowl - Blanken -
Blemker - Caress solution to the 1940 Gold and Black basketball problem arrived at great cost in early conference games, sugared the usual sweet prize of victory by proving to Western Conference skeptics that there are other important requirements besides height in the successful drive toward hardwood
supremacy.
Fight or Fall Two defeats by much taller teams left the slightly abbreviated Boilermakers no choice. They had to do something, so they combined the topical Lambert team scrap and drive with a healthy measure of accurate shots from out on the floor to turn the tables on their next two
opponents.
Tonight the five men who sup(Continued on page 4)
-I—From All Fronts—— Today's Summary Of War News to Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Dally News, Inc • Bengasi Falls “Bengasi, which many military experts had considered the last stand of Italian military power in North Africa, today went the way of the rest of II Duce’s strongholds,” radios Robert J. Casey, who is at the front. • Eritrea, Ethiopia With the fall of Bengasi, .attention in London, cables William H. Stoneman, “now turns to Eritrea and Ethiopia and the possibility that the British may be able to clean up all of East Africa by the end of the present campaign season.” • Hitler To Vichy? The first intimation that Adolf Hitler intends to go to Vichy to put pressure on Marshal Petain is contained in a dispatch by John T. Whitaker from Rome. • Italians Demonstrate “The American eihbassy and consulate were surrounded this morning with some 2,000 troops against the possibility of hostile demonstrations,” - radios John T. Whitaker from Rome. • Mixed-up Thailand “Thailanders realize now that they are inextricabily involved in issues far bigger than their border dispute with Indo-China,” radios A. T. Steele from Bangkok. “Thailand’s problem is to stave off submergence as long as it can.” • Japanese Expansion “No matter how occupied Britain is in Europe, best informed quarters here insist that Britain cannot permit further extension of the •Japanese empire,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick from London. An effort ■will be made to get America to definie its position. • War Issues The issues of the war are “already a question of ultimate life or ultimate death for free representative government in America,” Leland Stowe, war correspondent for The Daily News, declared on the radio.
Subject For Lecture 'Drama Of Deliveraace'
Dr. Ralph W. Sockman, i>a8tor of Christ Church in New York City, •will return to the Universiiy tomorrow morning at 10:30 to cond.act the February convocation for worship in the Hall of Music. Dr. Sockman will address students, faculty members, and townspeople cm tiie subject of “The Drama of Deliver-
ance.”
One of the most popular speakers at religious convocation in the past. Dr. Sockman, who spoke daring the first series of convocations for worship held at the University, 'wiU be on the program for the fifth time Sunday. Seminary Director Widely known as a lecturer and author. Dr. Sockman is a member of the American Society of Church History and is a director of Union Theological Seminary. For several years he has conducted the National Sunday Forum over the NBC network during the summer months. ' Since the death of Dr. S. Parks Cadman, he has alternated with Dr. Harry Emerson Fosdick of New York in presenting the “Radio Pulpit,” Simday radio feature. Author of a number of books. Dr. Sockman’s most recent achievement (Continued on page 4) Dean Stratton Talks At Closing Session Of Sorority Week Fratemi% Education Week for all sorority pledges was brought to a close yesterday afternoon with a talk by Dean Dorothy Stratton at 4 o’clodc in Fowler Hall. Dean Stratton discussed the relations and problems of smroriti^'Rt the University. She stressed the fact that a sorority girl must have an imderstanding of where he loyalty should be placed. A sorority girl must find the proper balance between her responsibility to the University and her sorority. Dean Stratton’s talk was the concluding one of three lectures given this week. The series was 8p<MasoTed by the Women’s Pan-Hellenie council, to replace the system of “Courtesy Week” which has been used for the post several years. The local program was the first one of its kind held on any campus. Similar programs are being s^eduled for later on in the year by several other colleges and universities.
Buddy Burger's Gold Coast Orchestra Will Swing Out At Union Mixer Tonight
Chicago’s Gold Coast will bow once more to the Purdug Memorial Union and the University student body when Maestro Buddy Burger and his orchestra present the music they just recently made popular at the Little Harbor Club in Harbor Springs, Michigan’s little spot on
the “Gold Coast.” South Ballroom
Burger and his lads swing out in the south ballroom of the Union at 9 o’clock tonight for the Student Union’s regular mixer. As featured performers are promised Mart Robison and his “Vibra-Harp,” Danny Able, who doubles on the accordion and ■with
the novelty vocals.
Robison joined the band in June of 1939, and, according to Burger, has done a great deal -with his vocals and noveliy stunts to help popular-
ize the orchestra.
Buddy carries his part of the work with his tenor saxophone and clarinet, and has a reputation for giving the “lift that makes you want
to dance.” r. s. g.
31 Paris Firms Of Jews Placed In Aryan Haads
By Paul Ghali SPECIAL RADIO
To Chicago Daily N«wa ForaigiiL Sctvka. Copyright. 1941. Chicago Daito^evoi. lao. Vichy, Peb. 7.—Aryan managers have been appointed in 31 m^mnhient Paris firms formerly the pnpK erty of Jews, aeccarding to a list published in today’s official joumaL Among the estabUshmanta are the Galeries Lafayette, shoe atuiea like Raoul, Cecil, general ontffttwa like Barclay’s, 100,000 and film companies^
.. ^ invites all atndents ethwA the Valentine’s Day Party ta be held at the Fowdation Hmasa cn| Friday at 8 o’clock.-^ ItefraffioMMla
will be served./
'Wti.
Saturday* Febroury 8* 1941
fijuAdua, £xpomnL
Ckkki, the winds may be blowing and the enow swirling here now, but eOBM with me to the spring time. You know it will soon be here and we must be prepared. Let’s turn our thoughts to South America. We are supposed to be practicing the ’’Good Neighbor” policy in the international defense methods. If that is really going to be effective, then let’s go South American in our dothes. —^wTw— Come spring and come South American colors. These SA people name their colors after their countries, their foods, and take them from their ancient peasant festival costumes. Some of these glorious colors are Brazilian beige, Chili sauce red, Lima lemon, Peruvian pink, Trinidad tan, Bogota blue and Argentine navy. These colors may be stolen from the ancient peasants but if you wear them you will be up and a little ahead of the general world. —^wTw—
Not only are we borrowing colors from our neighbors, but their ancient costumes adapted to 1941 are being shown everywhere for spring. With the use of their colors and adaptations of their styles, we women of the United States should do a lot in helping to oil the turning wheels of the “GN” policy. —wTw—
While we are being patriotic and trying to help our states make and keep the friendship of many a nation, we might turn our thoughts to the English. We are getting styles from them now and will be getting them as long as there is a war. The English influence is simplicity, suits, and tailored dresses. They don’t have time for frivolous costume; theirs are simple and useful. Our inspirations from them are militaristic in natm-e and smooth
NOW SHOWING
Late Show Tonite 11:25 P. M.
.GINGER nOGERS —(a America’s White-Collar Girl— KITTY FOYLE Cbnttfher Morley’s Novel, with bSiiNIS MORGAN JAMES CRAIG RKP RADIO PICTURE
LUMA
SUN.-MON. —2 HITSI
TYRONE POWER in
THE MARK OF
ALSO
bU:RG6S5 MEREDITH
FITZGERALD
LAST DAY — 2 HITSI . william BOYD in ^'DOOMED CARAVAN" PUIS —•
Where Did You Get That Girl
fabrics in simple and war time colors. —^wTw— With the costuming turning foreigrn and patriotic, it is now the thing to do to wear jewelry, carry cigaret cases and compacts which are being sold as aid to Britain and Greece. Part of the proceeds go to help their refugees. If you like jewelry, you should try some of it. Very attractive and you will be helping. —^wTw— As we all do our bit for our friends, and get inspiration for the styles and colors from them, we sometimes stop and think just what are we doing for Germany or what are we taking from them. —^wTw— We will be with you again soon with more advanced ideas of what we will be wearing come spring and summer.
■The Ratio-
3.93 I • • to 1
Well, how do you gals like this so called courtesy week by now? Kinda glad the actives aren’t always so courteous, aren’t you? Quite a few amusing things have been happening in connection with this. By now most of the organized men on campus have pins on Pi Phis, and s(i|bie of the girls are wearing as many as 8 of them. The Kappas called us up the other day to inform us that all of their pledge class have pins but I don’t know whether they mean because of Hell Week or not.
WAA News
WAA wishes to take this opportunity to thank ‘Piggy’ Lambert for his co-operation in making the Basketball Tea a success. The co-eds who went to the Pieldhouse to see the varsity team demonstrate some of the basketball techniques spoke of it most favorably. Thank you, ‘Piggy.’ Intramural Swimming Meet practices are being held every afternoon in the pool. It’s still not too late to enter. The meet, which is to be held Tuesday, February 18, should be the biggest WAA has ever had. The number of entries from your house, hall, or ward depends upon you. It isn’t always the good swimmers who win. Encouiage your girls to come out. Points will be awarded to the winners of the first three places in each event. A cup will be given to the organization receiving the mpst points. The meet is to include races, form, swimming, and diving. Three practices are required for entrance. The pool is open every afternoon at 4 p. m.
ttairfag Ann SOTHERN LEW AYRES
TOMORROW
The ^fh ColimUl
The Delta Gam pledges had quite a time the other night, too. They were on a road trip and one of their notes was supposed to send them to the foot of the Phi Sigma Kappa fire escape, but the fellows got hold of the note and changed it to send the girls into their dorm, and quite a time they had trying to get in, too.
According to sources close to the army camps. And usually considered reliable. There are now slightly more than a million men enrolled in the mass production of squads right. With an additiopal 60,000 to be filling the blank spots in the rear rank by March 1. Which is all very nice . . . but They are also bragging about a certain four and one half million they can squeeze into kahki britchea on ten days notice. * * * That’s us. * * 4: And ain’t so nice. ♦ * * Sort of on tap so to speak. Director Dykstra stands behind the bar. Overhead there is a sign advertising. MEN ON DRAFT And to even up the ranks all the Captain has to do is drop in. Put his foot on the rail. And say . . . “give me a short one.” 4< 4< >t<
You know, there have been a lot of pins going out lately, but there have been even more offered. PiKA Bill Sharpies ran into some trouble the other day when he offered his pin to Pi Phi Betty Erick. Oh well, cheer up. Bill. You know the old saying, “It’s better to have loved and lost . . . . ”
That’s us, too. You know what this war needs to take it out of the “chase ’em out of the hills and put a uniform on ’em” to a “don’t push there’s plenty of room for everybody” basis is a good down to earth slogan. Like the Community Fund and YMCA drives. Something catchy like . . . Beat Britain to Berlin.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office ta Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Congress of Maroli 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for li| section 1108, act of October 8,1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Ibiblished dally eacept Monday during Uia regular acmlemic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Ddivercd locally by carrier for |8.00 par year, maU subscription $8.60 Editor-in-Chief |L W. Douhhne Business Manager Mcrte Hagomaycr Publication Staff News Ed{tor.„....._...._-...-.......-i... —.J- H. UoKee Managing Editor——.^J>. K, Hsiple Associate Bditorsr N. A. OchllWec, J. A. PurccIL L, W. Ruffner, R. M. SkaUerup, J. L. Traugott. Businesa Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. 8. ToWera, 0. O. Landers; Promotion Manager, 0. F. Dangienmer; Aewunta Manager, K. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. RecktenWald. Co-ad Staff Editor- - - - BoUi Simpson As^iate EMitors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor. J- P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. 0. Swaim.
Phonos: Editorial 4005; Business 50i8; Sports 2792
Represented for national advertising b vertising Service, Inc., College Publishers 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
r National Adftepresentatives,
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Ruffner Day Editor: Rose Issue Editor: Brophy Sports Night Editor: Johnson Reporters: Hadley, deBruyn, Smith, W. Hoskins, W, E. Rafert, R. Jenkins, W, H. Hummel, O. T. Clark, D. M. Meier, E. C. Young, P. Lewis, P. E. Burkhardt, Virginia Barson.
. . . Help Hitler Have Headaches. * « « ^ Or Save the World for King George.
Another fellow to whom the same saying seems to apply (only he doesn’t know it) is Phi Psi Jim Wolfe. The potential heartbreaker in this case is Barbara Wald of the pinful Chi Os, and the nigger in the wood-pile is Sigma Chi George Hughes. Never say die, boy. The Alpha Z’s have crashed into the pin brigade in the past few days with Jean Steigerwald taking the lime-light. The lucky fellow is Harry Stohrer and the pin is a Cary Club pin. Congratulations, people. Read in the paper the other day where a woman thought tljat if a man really had to face the prospect of changing wives occasionally, he’d be mighty panic stricken about the whole thing. Well, I don’t know about that. Remember what the sultan said? “Variety is the splice of hfe.”-
After all, there’s nothing like a good slogan to keep a movement moving. And build patriotism and sell liberty bonds to win wars. For somebody else.—dkh
Jbmh^ JoUl
Editorial Summation
For many months we have continued to speak our piece on the question of the United States’ part in the present world crisis. We have continually advocated adequate defense measures; we have stood behind conscription when we knew its shortcomings; we have been most vehement in our denunciation of a foreign war for this country. Since President Roosevelt’s fireside chat during the Christmas holidays, however, we have been frankly confused. We admitted this editorially three weeks ago. Since then we have had a tendency to lean more toward the President’s policies. This drift to "war-mongering’’ has been more apparent than real, as we ourselves realized under the biting criticism of the "isolationists.” The time has now come when we must take time out for the smoke of battle to clear and see just what are the Exponent’s editorial objectives in regard to the world crisis as related to the United States. But, first, let us state again, the Exponent will not set itself up as an
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY ‘eLMEMCE E. MILFOIB'S^
-AMD-
modern YOUTH IN REBELUON
WITH DORIS WESTON ^ALSO
-ADDED — FIRST RUN NEWS
-SUNDAY-MONDAY-LITTLE OLD NEW YORK MILITARY ACADEMY DONALD DUCK CARTOON
GRIN AND BEAR IT
411
arbitrary judge on any issue as great as the one now before the people of the United States. There is no one alive in the worid today who can say what is the best course to pursue in the future. Whether as a nation we decide to pursue the course of peace or the course of war no one can predict that our heritage of Ufe7 liberty and the pursuit of happiness will be passed on to succeeding generations. Then why should we, in the throes of academic adolescence, presume that one course is right and the other is wrong? We propose to set ourselves up as a whipping post of student opinion, a set of stocks, as it were,.for the readers to view, to criticize, and to flay, so that in the end an idea thus exposed to public scrutiny will stand or fall on its own merits. We shall continue, therefore, to put forth our sincerest beliefs but shall foe prepared, on the other hand, to acknowledge the fall of an idea, if and when. This, we believe, was one of the ideas behind the founding of our country, surely the principle embodied in the idea of free speech. We are proposing, then, a dynamic democracy (if not a practical idea for the world at least an ideal for the campus) a democracy that is live and vital and self-perpetuating, a democracy that cuts and tries, a democracy that unifies itself by its own criticism.
The present altitude record for man is about 72,000 feet. The record was made in a balloon under the command of Captain A. W. Stephens of the U. S. Army Air Corps. Sounding balloons, carrying only instruments have gone much higher.
Science has proved that the bee can’t fly because it hasn’t sufficient wing area. Someone should tell the bee.
By Lichly
"You needn’t worry about getting honest weight—he hasTbis thumb stamped by the city weight inspector every month!”S * IN' *
Sj f .
m
«, W«VS^;v,»-u^,
fijuJtdujL £xpDmtiL
Saturday, Febroury 8. 1941
fiaqsL 3 ^
>■'
y
-r
k
Racqueteers, Natators, Frosh Cagers See Action Today
Rive^rSqudsh Team Plays I AC This Afternoon
^Taking to the squash courts in
B this
the Fieldhouse this afternoon at 11:30 p. m. the Gold and Black squash players will face the Indianapolis Athletic Club racquet swingers in one of the most important meets of the year. On its outcome depends the possession for the coming of one of the most novel trophies which Riveter teams have ever been able to capture.
Coffee Pot On Block
About five years ago Boilermaker and lAC squash enthusiasts got together and decided that the organization whose team won two out of three meets between them each year would have in its possession for the following year a trophy to consist of a coffee pot, to be engraved with the winners name each season. Thus far there are two “Purdues*’ and two ‘TACs” on the pot, and each team has come out victorious in one meet so far this year. With everything tied up the way it is, the meet should hold plenty of interest and be one of the best squash battles of the season. In the meet at Indianapolis earlier in the season the Riveter racqueteers fell by the way side by a score of six to four, but were victorious in the
meet at the Fieldhouse.
Mermen Face Ft Wayne Set Shat Artist
Irlslinai’s lllisions
YMCA Swimmers-4 PM
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Now that my attempt to answer some personal insinnations of Wednesday morning about my policies were rather emphatically sabotaged in yesterday’s papers by a “fifth column” movement at the printing plant Wednesday night as the paper went to press for the Thursday morning edition, I’d better stick to sports covering. Avoiding association with such activity whether it be friendly or argumentative indicates a more healthy existence (internally). _I.I_
^ By Ed Young In quest of their third straight victory and their second in four days, the Boilermaker swimmers engage the Port Wayne YMCA team in the Fieldhouse pool this afternoon, festivities starting at 4 o’clock. This invading club is one of the strongest “Y” combines in the nation, having only recently downed the 1940 national “Y” champions, Huntington, 46-30. Coach Dick Papenguth is confi-
MacMillan First First men to see action today will be Boilermaker MacMillan who is scheduled to face Munro, first representative of the team from the downstate metropolis. All in all, eight men from each team will compete. Adams will follow MacMillan to the courts on the Riveter team while Goldstien, Mann, Fant, Kalbfleisch, LaBree and Allen will probably see action in that order. Both students and faculty members are to represent the Boilermake institution, LaBree and Allen both being members of the staff at the Fieldhouse. In the previous two meets between the two teams this year 12 men from each team competed, but today only eight matches have been scheduled. Capital Stars Potent Indianapolis Athletic Club is the proud possessor of a very fine group of racqueteers, several of whom are truly exceptionally good at the art of chasing the little black ball around the court. Dr. Geller, who gave local squash players plenty of competition earlier in the season, is one of the men likely to again worry some Riveter that is unlucky enough to have to face him. Other Indianapolis squash enthusiasts who will make things tough for the local players are Wood and Rand, d.w.m.
Purdue’s basketball squad, at present the talk of the nation or at least the middle west, because of its remarkable comeback, takes on a much defeated Chicago University club this evening. I certainly hope our Boilermakers take these Maroons seriously, because I remember a game three sea^n’s^dWhena Chicago team gave Purdue a one point defeating in the local gym, playing on the same afore-game predictions as tonight will carry. —I-I—
This afternoon, the Purdue pool will present a lively scene when Purdue swimmers take on a YMCA team. These “Y” teams sometimes present an individual star worth watching, but Purdue’s performance against Illinois Monday night favors the locals. What an improvement! -1-1—
Sitting in the Fieldhouse yesterday, I was introduced to a young man named Smerke, from Texas. He’s got a swell southern drawl and 13 the brother of “Tex” Smerke, the Purdue sophomore who finished up last football season playing sixty minutes against Indiana and a swell game against Minnesota. -1-1—
dent that his pupils w^ll splash their way -to*'triumph in this meet as he feels that his team is now beginning to show the form of which he believes they are capable. Improving Swiftly Enlarging upon this point, Papenguth asserted that in the meet with Illinois the Riveters swam fast enough to beat Northwestern, to whom they lost earlier in the season. Only recently have the boys begun to find themselves and from now on they should make it uncomfortable for any opponent. The victory over the Illini left the Riveter camp in high spirits mentally and in good shape physically. Papenguth was especially pleased about the work of Captain Siler in the closing event of the Illinois meet. In his stint in this relay, Siler shaved several seconds from his best previous time. Free Style Race One of the outstanding performers on the visiting club is George Furste, fancy diver. Another of their stars is E. Vogel, free stylist. His duel with the Riveter ace, Sophomore Jack Carney, should prove very exciting. G. Kempf, backstroker, is a former Indiana University swimmer. He is one of several former college athletes on the squad. Some of the group were high school stars. The ages of the swimmers range from high school to slightly beyond college age.
No Changes Made Papenguth expects to stick to somewhat near the same line-up which performed Wednesday night. Carney, Kratzer, Siler, Herr, Anderson and Williamson will be asked to carry the heavier loads in this afternoon’s spldsh party. Other Riveter slisted as tentative starters include McCredy, Ancker, McCay, Horn, Branner, Lake, Kusko, Tingley^nd Krueck. Parkas and Ochstein will handle the diving.
Intra Mural Sports
TABLE TENNIS Monday, February 10 Lambda Chi Alpha vs Delta Tau Delta or Theta Chi Sigma Chi vs Phi Kappa or Phi Kappa Tau
BASKETBALL Monday, February 10 Court 1: H. Young 7 00 Yanks vs Bulldogs 7‘IS Eagles vs Hoosiers 8 00 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 2 8'16 Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 4
Court 2: C. H. Kechenbach 7 00 Tigers vs Panthers 7.16 Wildcats vs Rams 8.00 Cary Hall 5 vs Cary Hall 6 8 16 Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 8
Court 3: B. Berman 7:00 Boilermakers vs Buckeyes 7:16 Cary Hall 9 vs Cary Hall 10 8:00 Cary Hall 11 vs Cary Hall 12 8 16 Cary Hall 13 vs Cary Hall 14
Court 4: J. Papurca 7.00 Ward 2 vs Ward 8 7:16 Ward 30 vs Ward 33 8-00 Ward 9 vs Ward 26 8 16 Ward 13 vs Ward 16
News leaks out that the coming Big Ten track and field indoor meet scheduled for the Purdue Fieldhouse will also be reigned over by a queen and her court. Good idea. Coach Phillips. Spring baseball practice starts Monday for Dutch Fehring’s battery staff. Sounds like the first chirp of spring’s birds, doesn’t it? Famous last line: A man convinced against his will—is of the same opinion still.
BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES NOW BEING ORGANIZED BEGINNER'S ENROLL WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 7:00 P. M.
BOTH LADIES AND GENTLEMEN ARE ENROLLED
TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS WE OFFER YOU THE LATEST DANCES RUMBA, LATEST FOX-TROTS, HESITATION WALTZ ENROLL THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 7:00 P. M. INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL
ALLEN’S & Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
BIG TEN CROWN HERE WE COME ! !
HIGHER
HIGHER
HIGHER
HIGHER
With each game the Boilermakers progress one step higher on their climh to the Big Ten Championship. The Wisconsin Badgers may have gotten the better of us once, but as the old saying goes. ‘‘REVENGE IS SWEET.”
Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048 24 Hour Service
525 Alabama St. After You, We Gome First
Yearling Squa^ Plays Curtain
Raiser Tonight
Frosty Sprowl, along with
Blanken forms one of the best for-
ward combinations in the Big Ten. “Frosty” is celebrated for his set shots and keen alertness when he is in the Riveter lineup. His coolness under fire and ball stealing tendencies in the backcourt also make him a standout, o t.c.
Tonight at 6 o’olock Boilermaker fans, for the first time during the current season, will be treated to a double header when two picked teams of freshmen cla^ in a regulation game preceding the varsity battle with the Maroons. The frosh netters have been divided into two groups for the game, the “Greens” and the “Reds.” This freshman tilt is gmag to provide an interesting opportunity to observe the Riveter hardwood greats of tomorrow in action. On the squad roster two names appear which are familiar to all followers of the Hoosier hardwood. These are A1 Menke, brother of the current I. U. stars, and Bill Wooden, brother of the former Boilermaker All American, Johnny Wooden. First year men Parrish, Burghart, Johnson, Etling, Shimer, Shelby, Groves, Zehring, and Pechin will also see plenty of action in backing up the starting ten players. It is very probable that Coach Fehring wOl substitute freely during the fracas, pj. Probable Lineups:
Coach Harry
. . . Allspaw, Riveter golf coach, announces a meeting for all varsity candidates. Those interested should see Coach Allspaw in the basement of the Fieldhouse today at 2:00 p. m. All varsity members of last year’s
Wright Anderson. Lawson Brower McGrath .
Menke Chester ...Swantz . Wooden . .Friend
team as well as those interested in trying for a varsity position will meet with the links mentor at the above mentioned time. o.t.c.
^IL thsL IjJifdiL 3[DVSibu £L (BooJl . . .
Read—
‘flandonL ?(aJWiL&t”
by James Hilton
a
or
a
9i
'd. Jjuui&Wuy, ol JthsL
SasoL ^OitisAA.'
Edited by M, Lincoln Schuster
These two recent books plus a host of others are at your disposal in the
JhsL fiWlduUL
WjufwtdaL WtiiHV
The Corner of the Campm^ Yet tho Center of Af^vkiee
m
amC;" 5"'.
Jj<i(
i&,-
^TtawA
Satmrday. Febrctury B, 1941
fijuJutusL fxfumatiL
9*1. JhsL ^hWichsA.
Church of Christ Comer of 4th and Ferry Streets in the Wallace building. Services at 10:45 on Sunday morning. Paul Himes, minister. Everyone is welcome.
Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church Comer Chauncey and Columbia. Joseph Baird Gleason, pastor. 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club Class. Robert J. Raudebaugh, teacher. 10:35 a. m.—Morning Worship Service. Subject, “Fine Art of Conversation.” 6:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Fellowship Hour and ten cent lunch. 6:30 p. m.—Second in panel discussions on Youth and Marriage. Subject, “The Problems of Engaged Couples.” 7:30 p. m.—Purdue Memorial Union, West Faculty Lounge. James L. Farmer, Outstanding Negro Youth Leader from Howard University, Washington, D. C., will speak on “Minorities in a Democracy.”
Methodist Students 9:30 a. m.—Co-ed Discussions at the Foundation. “Jewish-Christian Relations” led by Charlotte Braude, Emile Goldberg, Dorothy Holden, and Elizabeth Douglas. 9:30 a. m.—Dean M. L. Fisher will teach the Men’s student class-at the church, using the international Sunday School lesson. 10:40 a. m.—Rev. 0. S. Steele will preach. 6:00 p. m.—Joint fellowship program with the Hillel Foundation, with Martha Cullop, chairman. Radio program in charge of Bill Warrick. 6:30 p. m.—Rabbi Meyer H. Simon will speak on “Jewish-Christian Relations.” 7:15 p. m.—^Wm. Peterson will be chairman of a brief worship service. 7:30 p. m.—Union meeting in the Faculty Lounge led by Mr. James Farmer, negro leader of Washington, D. C.
University Presbyterian Church North and Grant Streets 9:00 a. in.—^Holy Communion for Episcopalian Students, in the Ivan C. Olmstead Memorial Chapel. 9:30 a. m.—Discussion Group. Dr. G. H. Graves will continue the study of Christianity and Democracy. 10:30 a. m.—The church will join in the University Convocation in the Hall of Music. 4:00 p. m.—^The Friends Group will meet in the Lounge. 6:00 p. m.—Episcopal and Presbyterian students will meet together for supper. Following the supper, Mr. Jo Osborn will talk on Amateur Photography. Those interested are invited to bring exhibits of their work.
Services for Episcopal Students At University (Presbyterian) Church North Street near North Grant, West Lafayette 9:00 a. m.—Celebration of the Holy Communion. At St. John’s Church, Sixth and Perry Sts., Lafayette 10:46 a. m.—Morning Prayer and Sermon by Rector. At University Church, North and Grant, West Lafayette Seabury Society with Sunday Evening Club, 6 p. m.
Silver Mask Team Face mini Fencers Tonight At Urbana Leaving this afternoon for a meet with Illinois University tonight at Urbana, Illinois, the fencing team, composed of members of the Silver Mask Fencing Club, held a heavy workout in the fencing room of the Fieldhouse last night. Although outstanding additions were made to the team, the entire squad believes its chances for victory against the Illini fencers is much better than they were a year ago. New Foilsmen Fencing has always been handicapped by the fewness of participants, but thirty-five men have signed up for the practice sessions which take place every afternoon at 4:00 p. m. “Perhaps the terms used in fencing are a bit bewildering to the general public,” the captain of the fencing team, Wegener, said, “but the most important terms are very easily understood once they have been explained.” Only three terms are needed to understand the three most important types of fencing. One of the terras used in fencing is foil. This applies to a particular style of dueling in which one’ sopponent must be touched above the waist and below the neck to score a point. In epee, a point is scored by touching the point of one’s foil to any part of the opponent’s body. Saber is the type of fencing in which anything above the waist, either cut or point, counts for one point. Seven Make Trip The names of the men who will participate in tomorrow’s meet are as follows: foil. Tower Burl, Wegener; saber, Reade, McConahay; epee, Reade, Soloff. The Silver Mask is eager in adding any prospective fencei to its list of duelers. Camera Club . . . recently elected oificeis for the 1941-’42 year. George Towle, was elected president, and Robeit W. Oleson was elected vice-presi-dent. The oifice of secretary will be filled at a later date. Personnel Notes
Please consult your school bulletin board for further information. COMPANIES COMING TO CAMPUS WEEK OF FEBRUARY 10, 1941.— Armstrong Cork Co., Lancaster, Pa. February 10, 1941. ME, EE, Ch E, Chem. PhD in Chem. & Physics. Summer jobs—ChE or Chem. undergrads. Revere Copper and Brass, Inc., Rome, New York. ChE, Met. E, ME, Sci. February 10 and 11. Bailey Meter Co., Cleveland, Ohio. February 11. ME and EE. Sunbeam Electric Mfg. Co., Evansville, Indiana. February 11. EE and ME. Westinghouse Electric & Mfg. Co., Pittsburgh, Pa. February 12 and 13. Srs. and grads—ChE, EE, ME, Met. E. Sperry Products, Inc., Hoboken, N. J. February 12 and 13. EE and ME. Bell Telephone Co., Long Lines Division, New York. Bell Laboratories, New York Illinois Bell Telephone, Chicago, 111. February 13 and 14. CE, EE, ME, Met. E. PSE.
Purdue Christian Foundati<m Sunday Program in Lafayette Christian Church Sixth and North Sts. 9:80 a. m.—Student Class. Prof. T. K. Noss, will discuss the topic “The Story of the Denominations." 10:40 a. m.—Church Worship Service. Sermon subject of Rev. Doyle MuUen is “What Has The Church To Offer?” 0:00 p. m.—Forum at 126 Chauncey. Note the change in time and {dace. 10 cent Supper will be served at 6:00. Recreation, singing, and worship will consfitute the program at 126 S. Chauncey. At 7:16 we’ll leave in a body for the Religious Council program at the Union Building. 7:80 p. m.—James Farmer, great
Riveters Entertain
(Continued from page 1)
plied sufficient “stuff” to lick Indiana and who started the Illini game have rounded out as the combination to beat. Tonight’s game is their fourth consecutive home encounter. They will be matched against a Maroon quintet which hasn’t won a game, but which at times has shown indications that it has more than a normal cellar team’s ability. Watch Stampf and Co. Among others the Maroons have Joe Stampf to rely on, and Stampf is number one man in the conference in average points per game. Wisconsin boasts the leading scorer in the Big Ten, but the tall Chicago center has averaged close to 14 points per game. His portion of the Maroon offensive will be the chief worry of the Boilermakers. Particularly encouraging in the recovery of the Riveters was their improvement under the basket on defense in the important victories over Indiana and Illinois. Tall opposition was again troublesome, but it was overcome by alertness and fight. The defending champions, who in the past have sported such lofty pivot men as Stretch Murphy and Jim Seward, were the brunt of many sour predictions at the beginning of the campaign because of their unique giantless squad. “They’re fast, but too small,” was the boreboding comments of men who Jiad seen taller Big Ten
Wrestlers Oppose Buckeyes For First Conference Match Meeting a perennially strong Buckeye team, the Boilermaker wrestling team opens its Conference wi’estling schedule against the Ohio State Buckeyes at Columbus this afternoon. Ohio State, which has never yet finished out of the upper bracket in Conference wrestling, has a strong team again this year. Last year the Buckeyes defeated the Boilermakers in a close match and finished in the number three spot in the Conference race. Members of the team who made the trip were co-captain Casey Fredricks, 121 pounder; Jack Foster, 135 pound class; Joe Hlinka, 165 class; Warren Evanston, 176 pound hefty; Bob Siekman, 128 pourider; co-cap-tain John Papurca, 145 class; Bob Britt, 155 pounder; and Harold Montgomery, a heavyweight. Frank Ruggieri, who was ineligible when the Boilermakers wrestled Illinois Wesleyan, was found eligible an ho^ before the team left for Columbus. His presence 'will further strengthen the Boilermaker team. Ruggieri is a center on the Boilermaker football squad. Ken Rawlins, another 145 pounder, wiis also expected to make the trip to Ohio. w.a.f.
Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra Plays Request Program In Music Hall March 16 Symphony music lovers and followers of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra will have to work quickly if they want to hear their favorite musical compositions played at the all-request program of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra in the Hall of Music, Sunday, March 16. All requests should be mailed directly to Fabien Sevltzky, musical director and conductor, Murat Theatre, Indianapolis, sometime today in order to be considered for the program. Hit Parade According to the latest communication from Sevitzky, Johann Strauss’ waltzes and Sousa’s marches now lead the symphonic hit parade. Because of overwhelming popular demand the conductor promises that the orchestra will have Ravel’s famed “Bolero” in its repertoire when it heads for Lafayette next month. ^ Favorites Tschaikowsky, Sibelius, and Wagner, especially with the student body, rank high among the composers whose works have been requested. The University choir has mailed in its unanimous request for Rimsky-Eorsa-kov’s “Scheherevade Suite,” Cibelius’ Second Symphony and Tschaikowsky’s Fifth Symphony. Scattered petitions have been voiced for “March Slave,” “The Nutcracker’s Suite,” Humperdinck’s “Childrwi’s Prayfflp” and the “Soldier’s Chorus” froin Ai^. The concert is sponsored by the Northwest Region, Women's Committee, Indiana State Symphony Society. Students should take note that this appearance of the Indianapolis Symphony is not a University-scheduled convocation. Passports will not be honored for admission. Tickets are on sale at oSuthworth’s, Deac’s, and Deckers’ book stores, McLean’s music store and at the West desk of the Union. Admission prices are $1.00 for main floor seats, and fifty cents for balcony seats. d.t.b. Ralph W. Sockman Found—One Suitcase The following letter was received by the oflice of the Dean of Men:
teams triumph in pre-conference games against stiong opposition 6 Down—6 To Go The season will reach the halfway point for the Gold and Black after tonight’s game, so the final answei is far from certain, but Lambert is spending much time working on the strongest features of the Boilei makers’ play in an effort to maintain the pace which bi ought victories against the previously undefeated Hoosiers in the fiist half of the retaliation for two defeats at their hands last year. It victory is attained tonight the Boileimakers will be ready to start the second half of the schedule with a 4-2 standing in the won and lost columns. The next half of the season will begin Monday at Ohio State. Besides the five men who will open the game for the Boilei makers Piggy Lambert will have several more near-starters to send into the contest, headed by Sophomore Bob Riley, who has added punch on seveial occasions and unbluffable, hard driving and timely field goals.
(Continued from page 1)
is “Live For Tomorrow,” published about a year ago. Columbia Graduate —During the, 23 years since his
WBAA
Notices
Purdue Flying Club: Meeting Saturday, February 8, at the airport. Debris pictures will be taken All members are asked to be present _GRENE
SATURDAY 11:00—Just Kids 11:15—Carolyn Wood—soprano 11:30—High School Guest 12:00—Woman Shopper 12:15—Tune Time—Chailes Powell 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Markets 1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—Music Without Words— Mildred Johnson 1:45—Monitor Views the News 2:00—Stamp Club 2:15—Alberta Schraadel—soprano 2:30—Army Transcription 2:45—Afternoon Music 3:00—Campus Varieties
ASME Members: Fins and charms for those who ordered them before Christmas vacation will be distributed at the Feb. 11th meeting in room 363 of the Union. —ROCKWOOD. Military Code Classes: Students who participated in code instruction last semester should contact Sgt. Allen this week to make arrangements for instruction during this semester. Classes will start Monday evening, February 10. —BURKHART.
graduation from Columbia University, Dr. Sockman has become increasingly popular as a lecturer with both student and adult groups. He has served his present pastorate ever since his graduation. Yesterday he spoke before a large group in New York City. Following the service here tomorrow morning, he will journey to Chicago to act as principal speaker at the famous Chicago Sunday Evening Club. Attendance Increase Since 1934 when Dr. Sockman first addressed a convocation at the University, average attendance at the worship services, which are now under the direction of a committee of which Dr. Laurence Hadley is
“I found a suitcase on highway 25 between Fulton and Logansport. The only identification on it was the name Purdue Univer^ty. The student wTio lost it may have it by identifying it.” (Signed) Mr. James Petrie, 1316 Spear Street, Logansport, Indiana. The person who lost the suitcase should contact Mr. Petrie, r.w.b.
chairman, has increased from 900 to over 4,000. In addition to the talk by Dr. Sockman, tomorrow, the University choir of 26j) voices under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, Director of Music, will sing “To 'Thee, O Lord,” by Kalinnikoff, and the University Men’s Glee Club of 45 voices will sing “Finlandia,” by Sibelius. r,l.h.
Episcopal Students: Celebration of Holy Communion Sunday, February 9, 9 a. m. at University Presbyterian Church, 302 North Street —THORNTON.
Interviewing Committee: Compulsory meeting of freshman interviewing committee Monday, February 10, at 4 p. m Call pages assigned in directory before Mon—GRAHAM.
All Students: Dance tryouts for Union show Monday, February 10, at 4 p. m in tower room of Union. —WELLS.
Prom Committee: Meeting Tuesday, February 11, in room 261 of the Union at 4 p m. Please be there. —WOLFF
ASCB: Meeting Wednesday, February 12, at 7:30 p. m. in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. _3^cAMMON.
Classified Ads
FOB OALB Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Oifice supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershofl, 606 Mam St. Phone, 2779.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, Febimary 9, at 7 :30 p m. in room 261 of the Union —RIEGIjE
FOB BBNT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
Roger Williams Club: Basketball practice on court 1 Saturday afternoon at 2 p. m. —BLACK.
Wanted: Student furniture salesman, afternoons during spare time. Must have two years or more experience. Apply at Reifer’s Furniture Company.
Varsity Golf; All candidates for varsity golf attend meeting at 2 n. m. Saturday*
February 8, in Fieldhouse
Room and Board for three boys; automatic hot water, stoker heat. 281 Pierce, Phone 76601.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Rrofassional
• School Suppliea
Risk Dwntal Clinic OR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK OR. HAROLD ). RISK •4th fir Main Sts. Phona 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College "Education
Dr. A. M. IRION
Complete
DtNTIST
Student Supplies
119Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
SOUTHWORTH'S
• jawclert
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
—ALLSPAW.
COMPANIES NOT VISITING THE CAMPUS BUT SEEKING MEN THROUGH PERSONNEL OFFICE.— Palmer-Bee Co., Detroit, Mich. ME. Vaught - Sikorsky Corp., Stratford, Conn. Aeronautical Eng. Forse Corp., Anderson, Indiana. ME. Norma-Hoffman Bearings Corp., Stamford, Conn. Sales Eng. Naugatuck Chem. Div. of U. S. Rubber, Naugatuck, Conn. ChE and ME.
Negro leader of all youth, is the speaker of the evening. We join with the other Foundations on the campus to hear him at the Union Building, West Faculty Lounge. This is Race Relations Sunday in the Churches.
Make-up Examinatloiu in HE Couraea: Make-up examinations to remove I and C grades will be given in MS 11. 62 and 68 on Saturday, February 22, at 1 p. m. in room 301 of MB Building. Those intending to take exams notify me before February 18. —AULT. Conditiona in Matheuatica: Students with C grades should consult instructor concerned before Saturday, February 8. —SMITH.
Co-ed Riflery: Class practice Feb. 6, 6, 10, 12, 18. Three practices are reauired. Class matches Feb. 18 —BLAGRAVE.
Sigma Delta Chi Pledgee: Initiation fees must be paid prior to the initiadioo Sunday, February 9, 4 p. m. This does not refer to Exponent Juniors. Others must see Stew Marquis at the Phi Gam house immediately. —McKEE.
Freshman Bnghwen: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will meet teturday, February 8. by schools as follows: tboM whose names begin with A-B, Room 201, Civil BuUdlng: F-K, Bow 101. Mh*ael Golden Shops; L-R, Room 264. BSertr^ Building: S-Z. Room 121. ®leotri^^UdIng. -BNAFP. Freshman Football: Numeral sweatw nifty be culled for in the FieldhouBC equipment room. -PHILLIPS.
Registration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during the second semester reglstmtlon may get meir cheeks by calling at the Reglste^^lce.
Who, Me?
Yes, you are the reason Crown has completed tbt^nstallation of new equipment in their Dry Qeaning Department.
To serve you better ... to maintain our high standard of quality our cleaning plant has been equipped with the latest methods known in the cleaning industry. Crown Laundry riWE CLgANEWS OF FINECtOTHEf