k II
Riyel'er Cross-Counfry Squad Seek Third Victory Af OSU
Volume 53, No. 36
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, October 18,1941
Riveters Meet Buckeyes At Cdumbus Today Gold Diggers Pick Barr, Tonight Sophomore Backs Appear In Opening Lodde Coed Speech
Petty Most Eligible Eds Teature Bill
By Art Hunter
In an election entirely free from
ing a Purdue ed dreaming of the
OetzeTs Music
Lineup For Initial Conference Game
the usual stigma of politics, graft Pheasant conditions he will face at and corruption Jim “Tweezer” Barr is
and John Petty were elected the prize males of the campus last night at the annual Gold Digger’s
Ball.
As he received his huge blue rib
Pretzels Play Dixieland Swing, Bette Daye Sings “Music Styled With a Smile”
will be the feature of tonight’s Un-
waited on hand and foot by his
escort.
Mardi Gras Mood
A “Mardi Gras” mood prevailed ion mixer aS Bill Oetzel and his last night as the “guests” of the band, together with songstress Bet-
bon, token of his crown of “Most evening strutted about admiring te Jane Daye, play in the Union Eligible Bachelor,” “Tweezer,” a corsages and in turn being admired ballrooms from 9 to 12 p.m. member of Delta Upsilon frater- —^well at least laughed at. Some of Oetzel’s band was organized nity, remarked in true modesty be- the boys were partially at sea con- about 12 years ago as a college orfitting his exalted position, “It cerning the proper etiquette for chestra, and is now located at Deain’t right.” Pullback John of Sig- the affair, and many could be seen catur. 111., from where it travels on ma Phi Epsilon fraternity, was —contrary to all proper procedures professional engagements,
not present to receive the honors —lighting their own cigarettes; of the night because of a previous opening doors for their escorts; engagement at Ohio State. and, worst of all, standing in line MacMillan Wins Prize with their dates at the crowded To Dave MacMillan goes the hon- Sweet Shop fountain waiting to be
ot of copping first prize in the served.
corsage division, as he was awarded As for corsages, some of the top honors for his decorations—a more clever ones that drifted our long dangling concoction littered way were really worth going to with gold pieces and ten dollar bills, the dance to see. Popular at this Some 800 eds 'and their escorts year’s Ball were lighted corsages of danced to the smooth rhythms of all kinds, garlands of flowers reachDick Cisne and his University of ing to the males’ knees, vegetable Illinois band in both ballrooms from bouquets, corsages of kitchen uten9 to 12 last evening as the coeds sils, dust mops, the usual dog colannounced their candidacy for dates' lars, ornated beverage bottles, and during the coming year. Cisne Cupie dolls—all topped off by the played before a backdrop depict- most ridiculous assortment of hats.
“Band Within A Band”
The Pretzels, Oetzel’s featured instrumentalists, the “band within
Fourth Annual TKA Convention Closes On Campus Today
Hall Speaks At Banquet ContCrf Choif TO SlnQ
On European Struggle At Indianapolis Lodge Tonight For Masons
Contest Elimination To Begin October 27 Winning Organization^ Individual To Recelvo Cups; Finals Oct. 30 Preliminaries for the Lodde Speech contest for freshman coeds will be held in room 301 of the English Building Monday, Oct. 27.
Playshop To Conclude First Comedy Of Year In Fowler Hall Tonight
Foundrymen Meet In Two Day Session Potter, Shaner Address 200 Foundry Managers Yesterday the University was
host to over 200 foundry managers, supervisors, foremen and shopmen who registered for a two-day joint
regional foundry conference of the leading role and Caro-
Tonight Playshop will conclude its
first successful lun of the year with the final presentation of the comedy “Three Men On A Horse.” The curtain will rise at 8 and a
capacity crowd is expected. Haskell Metz as Erwin, the timid
More than 100 delegates gathered on campus for the fourth annual convention of Tau Kappa Alpha, national forensic honorary. The convention opened yesterday and
will close at noon today.
Prof. Frank Hall of the history, economies and government department, was the principal speaker for
the banquet held nast night.
Hall discussed “The Frying Pan and the Fire,” pointing out that if Eussia is successful in her war with the Germans, the Communists in America will be forceful in making demands in this country in behalf
of the world revolution.
If, on the other hand, Russia is defeated by Germany, the American
By Paul G. Miller Hoping to avenge last year’s defeat, the Boilermaker gridiron squad meets a highly favorqd Buckeye eleven today at Columbus, Ohio, opening the conference season for both
teams.
Coach Mai Elward will be depending a great deal on sophomore backs, John Andretich, Bob Chester, Bob Hajzyk, Fran-
cis Meakim, and Kenny Shock to do the majority of punting, pass-
ing, running and blocking for the Talks may be on any subject. Boilermakers. Also in the backfield The winner of the contest fetoday will undoubtedly be “Rocky” ceives an individual trdphy, and the Snyder and Topy Berto, veteran organization accumulating the most lettermen. However, the line will be points will receive the Lodde trothe same that started the Pitt game, phy with its name engraved on it, namely, LaVern King and Bill to be kept for one year. If the Combs at end; Italo Rossi and Pete trophy is won by the same organTimperman, tackles; Co-captains ization for three times it becomes
Concert Choir will make its first jim Miller and Tommy Melton at the permanent possession of that out-of-town appearance tonight, guard; and sturdy Bob Johnson at organization,
singing for the Mystic Tie Lodge center.
Galvin Stays Here
It was impossible for Johnny Gal-
at the Masonic Temple in Indianapolis. This is the fourth concert
the choir has given for Masonic . „ groups in or near Indianapolis in half back and safety
the last twelve months.
man, to even make the trip with the squad to Columbus as he is con-
Six Girls To Be Chosen
Six girls are chosen for the fingls, which will be held in the Home Economics Building auditorium Thursday, Oct. 30. Last year about 200 freshman coeds entered the prelhn-
The program will be divided into Elizabeth’s Hospital inaries. Bernadine Lamb won the
the following four groups: Sacred group; violin solos by Vernon Westburg, concert meister of the University Orchestra; semi - popular
with a fractured cheek bone. ’ individual trophy last year and Pi Also on the injured list are John Beta Phi social sorority won the Petty and Red Carter. Even though Lodde trophy for the second time, they were included on the traveling .Fourteenth Year For Contest
Communists will make a strong ap- XsTyYh'.riif The Lodde Jewelty Company of peal m the United States as mar- ^ ggg action in today’s fray. Tommy Lafayette sponsors the contest, and
tyrs to a great cause.
The congress functioned much like a legislature yesterday with committee hearings on labor unions, price fixing, defense production.
_ Melton, Co-captain, is suffering donates the trophies. This will be
The lodge requested the repeti- f^ bad case of boils on his face the fourteenth year for this forensic
tion of this collection of gypsy j^eck. Although he didn’t scrimsongs and folk music. The camp j^age with the squad Thursday, it setting is complete with gypsy cos- jg expected that he will play most
military training and freedom of tambourines and a blazing game.
the seas, j.d.s.
Bill Oetzel
College Professors To Convene At Dinner Meeting Next Tuesday
central Indiana, Michigan and Chicago chapters of the American Foundrymen’s Association and the University department of engineer-
ing extension.
All interested in improving foundry practices were invited to attend the conference which ends today. The theme of the gathering is f'Foundry Problems in National Defense.” The purpose of the meeting is to discuss and iron out many of the numerous foundry problems encountered in the present national defense program and at the same time promote a better feeling between foundrymen in this district.
Student Meeting
a band,” play Dixieland swing at its best. In addition to this feature. Miss Daye teams with Bill and Chet Walker in mixed vocals and assists as part of the trio, “Two Notes and a Rest.” Oetzel’s organization is noted for his tenor saxophones,
and muted brasses.
The band has had engagements
Not to be left unmentioned afe at many different places, some of Bill Deam and Sam Marks, who are which are The Illini Ballroom, the
responsible for the scenery and for Trianon, Hotel Butler and Belle Air National Defense on Engineering
the excellent presentation of this Country Club. Education.” Surrealistic Backdrop Dean Potter has recently been Backdrop for tonight s dance will spending much of his time in the be a surrealistic painting, which in national capital serving the Office
itself is an innovation. The central
line Wood as Mable, the flame of the East end, is running a close second in carrying off top honors with her laughable characterization.
downtown before the concert. Immediately after the program the
Amei’ican Association of Univer- gi^oup will return to Lafayette. Mr. sity Professors will hold a dinner Mrs. Stewart will act as
meeting in the Home Economics chaperones, s.b.
dining room at*,6:15 p.m. Tuesday to hear A. A. Potter, Dean of Engineering, speak on “The Effect of
campfire. Soloists will be Marvin Smith, Betty Wedge, Bill Morgan, Mollie Harding, and Alberta
Schmadel.
A. P. Stewart will conduct the choir, assisted by Joanne Lloyd,
accompanist. „ , v . „ The choir will go to Indianapolis Buckeyes boast an excellent pass-
in a chartered bus and will dine This year, for the first time, the Buckeyes are under the leadership of Paul Brown, former Massilon, Ohio, mentor. Two weeks ago Ohio
Passes Emphasized
Passing and blocking were especially emphasized by Mai Elward at the final workout. Prom all indications the Boilermakers will have plenty of pass defense work, as the
difficult Broadway hit. d.w.o. Meredith Club To Hold First Meeting Monday
300 Women Attend Indiana Federation Of Clubs Convention Approximately three hundred wo-
Virginia Q. Meredith Club will hold its first regular meeting of the year Monday at 4 p.m. in the auditorium of the Home Economics
The conference opened yesterday building. At this meeting detailed pointing needs nothing other than with the registration of those at- state convention of attract attention, b.g.s
tending at 9 a. m. in the Union ‘be college section of the Indiana building lobby. At the same time. Home Economics Association to be a meeting intended primarily for beld in November will be an-
students was held in room 302 of nounced.
the Chem and Met building. The Also at the meeting Marjorie
of Education and the Advisory Com'
theme is fall, and in the light of a mittee on Engineering, Science, and men attended the thirty-first anred harvest moon, a black cat howls Management Defense Training. nual meeting of the tenth district and a coke glass stands. In the coke Make Dinner Reservations of the Indiana Federation of clubs glass a fish swims about. ^jj invitation is extended to any at the University yesterday. The On a large falling leaf are in- member of the University staff who tenth district comprises the followscribed the words “To College Joe- jg interested in joining the associa- ing seven counties: Tippecanoe, Sweet Shop Lab-Delinquency.” The tion, but dinner reservations must Benton, Jasper, Lake, Newton, Por-
be made with Prof. S. E. Hartsell ter, Warren and White, of the biology department at Stan- The theme, “We must carry the
activity. Janet Kendall, coed forensic manager, is chairman of the
contest.
The point system is as follows: first place gives 15 points; second, 10; third, 8; fourth, 6; fifth, 4; and
sixth, 2. a.l.w.
Freshman Debaters To Meet Wednesday For Initial Try-Outs Freshman debate trails are sched-
State looked very impressive in uled to be held Wednesday, Oct. 29 trouncing Southern California 33-6. at 4 p.m. in room 310 of University The new coach is extremely anxious Hall, according to an announcement to win his first Big Nine Confer- from the speech department. Trial ence tilt. The Buckeyes are the speeches will consist of five-minate heavy favorites. In fact, the Ohio addresses representing the pros and State^fans openly admit that they’ve cons of the proposition: “Resloved,
That the Federal Government Should Regulate by Law all Trade Unions in the United States.” All freshmen interested in debate are invited to attend a meeting next Wednesday. At this meet-
. j , . iug the criteria to be used in judgbeen sold and only standing room • „ j j-t M ^ 1 . lUg the trial speeches and the pur-
poses of the debate squad will be
explained.
Interested freshmen who will be unable to attend these meetings
got the strongest team in the couU'
try.
Anticipate Big Crowd
Today’s game will be played before the largest crowd ever to witness a Boilermaker-Buckeye tilt.
The capacity number of seats have
is now available. The estimated at-
is 72,000.
Only once have the Riveters been able to defeat the Ohio State eleven, and that was in 1938. Today, the
AIEE
ley Coulter Hall before noon Mon- lighted torch of responsibility for Boilermakers are the under-dog’But should see R. W. Des Jarlais, freshday. Dinner will be served at 65c American Security,” was carried upsets, call them that if you like, Univer-
will hold its first
subject under discussion at the stu- Williamson will tell about previous meeting next Wednesday
regular at 7:30
dent meeting was “Properties and state conventions and Agnes McUses of Castings.” Culloch, president of the state asThe rest of the day was taken sociation, will outline the program up with simultaneous sessions in for the scorning convention. Miss the fields of gray cast iron, malle- Bieman, of the faculty, will also able cast iron, steel and non-fer- speak and all committee assign(Continued on page 4) ments will be made, d.w.o.
p.m. in room 254 of the Electrical
Engineering building.
Dean A. A. Potter will address be held at that time, b.g.s.
the group on “Engineering Students and Defense.” All interested students are invited to attend.
Personnel Counseling Course Proves Success Faculty, Seniors Assist Freshmen
By Don Brewer
per plate. , throughout the conference. “Youth g^jjj occur The applicant shoulcj.also indi- in a Changing World” was discate whether or not he intends to cussed by Dean Mary L. Matthews attend the meeting with the Butler of the School of Home Economics, Chapter next Saturday at Butler and Mrs. Lloyd Josselyn of LafayUniversity. The state meeting is to gtte spoke on “Women and De-
fense.”
Dr. E. C. Young, Purdue agriculture economist, explained in an address to the conference women, economic conditions and how they af-
fect the farm home. Col. Wharton This program, which is being preG. Ingram of Indianapolis talked on sented under the sponsorship of the
Prof. R. P. Siskind of the School aviation cadets. Union Music Room committee, is a of Electrical Engineering will at- Two featured talks were those of regular weekly feature, tend a conference at the Massachu- president, Mrs. Oscar A. Ahl- The Concert Choir, a select group setts Institute of Technology this gj-en of Whiting, on “The Time Has of members of the University Choir, month which will consider radio Come,” and the vice president, Mrs. will be directed by Albert P. Stew-
sity Hall. r.e.f.
Siskind Will Attend Conference At MIT
Concert Choir To Sing In Union Tomorrow University Concert Choir will be featured tomorrow at 3 p. m. in a program in both Union ballrooms.
Notice
two credit-hour elective course in voluntary,” Vaurio asserts, “but it training in connection with defense jj Lykins of Covington on “For- art, assisted by Joanne Lloyd,
When a freshman answers a knock on his door these days to find an impressive looking senior in yellow cords staring in at him he cgn be assured thiit this sophisticated caller hasn’t come to take revenge for a lo^t mustache, but is present in order to help him adjust himself to life here at the Uni-
versity.
between freshmen and their school
and faculty.
Faculty Aid Enlisted
Last year faculty aid was enlisted for the first time, and this year marks another important for-
the school of engineering.
A group of 86 top-ranking seniors, selected on a basis of scholarship and high moral character, coordinate with 78 faculty members in giving 691 freshman engineer-
is recommended that advantage be efforts. The meeting is tentatively -^yard for Defense.” taken of the opportunity provided scheduled to begin Oct. 27 and will Music for the convention was prothrough counseling.”’ last three weeks. yi^ed by the Hammond Women’s Benefits Freshmen Representatives of forty engi- chorus, the Crown Point WoBeneflts derived from freshman neering schools throughout ^ the Chorus and the tenth dispersonnel counseling include as United States will discuss micro- chorus, d.l.g. ing and science students this coun- more important features: adequate wave technique and newer developseling service. adjustment to college life, prac- ments in high frequency transmisFaculty Helps Freshmen tical assistance in time budgeting, sion in connection with defense Faculty members assist the seasoned advice, apd an opportunity agencies, especially the Signal freshman in matters of dropping for cultural and social development Corps. »
Freshman personnel counseling, courses, grading systems, changing through personal contact. It is planned that the resulting under the administration of A. E. schools, etc. Faculty aid was also Last year 68 per cent of the training will be basic instruction in Vaurio, of the personnel service, brought in to establish a better re- freshmen counseled said that the the radio interception of aircraft originated in 1930 and has expanded lationship between students and program was worthwhile, and 64 such as is now used in Britain, and into what is now an important tie faculty. per cent of the counselors said that the information gathered by Sis-
Besides the counseling offered to their efforts had been beneficial to kind will be used to establish a new the engineering and science fresh- them personally. course at this University dealing men, there are similar services for Freshmen with questions as to with such instruction. The new deagriculture, pharmacy, and home who are their respective faculty ad- fense course will begin the second economics students. Cary Hall has visors or senior counselors should semester of this year, its own program for aiding the consult Vaurio in the personnel of- Siskind is a specialist in corn-
war^ move with the addition of the first year man. “Participation on flee on the ground floor of the Exe- munieations, problems at the UnigierVoimel counseling program as a the part of the freshman is purely cutive building. versity. b.g.s.
Cancellations Students who desire to cancel courses without grade should do so before Saturday noon, Oct. 25. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards should be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be field in the Registrar’s
Office.
Dean M. L. Fisher
companist. For this program, the choir will be dressed in full concert regalia, k.r. Music Room Shows Work Of Local Artist
To Students Registered under the Selective Service Act: Each student registered for Selective S^ice is required to report imn^iately to his Head of school or division for important information (Selective Serviee Memoranda Nos. 17, 28, and 29> relative to postponement of induction and deferment for stu-
dents.
Graduate students, including graduate assistants, should Report to the office of the Dean of the Graduate School. Those students who are enrolled in the University under the classification of Engineering La#, Public Service Engineetrtlliti Freshman Engineers and Specif Students should report tq the <^» fice of the Assistant Dean of Engineering. Edward C. Elliott, President
Uptil Nov. 1, the Union will show a collection of paintings by Mrs.
Harry Rubenkoenig in the Music - ■, m-
Room. Mrs. Rubenkoenig, wife of _
Prof. H. Rubenkoenig of the me- /J, 4, Hcittie
chanical engineering department, is
a local hobby artist. Her exhibit ... of the English departlhl^ consists of landscapes and still life is the author of a brief arti<^i paintings in oil and water color. recent issue of “School and Aside from a few lessons from ety.” It is a reply, to a provo^tw Sister Rufinia at St. Francis School article published earlier, and^^nwh in Lafayette, and from the famed with some of the concepts of tb* Brown County artist, Cariani, Mrs. ligion taught to a growing Rubenkoenig is a self-taught artist. Hume has had several other gttlejbs a-P>h> in this same puhhcaUoQB- ,Exponent
Saturday^ -OditohSr^t$
'h'lry
Are Prom, Oaki Week Elf
Last fall the Exponent stuck its neck out by advocating the abolishment of the Prom imd Gala Week committees, but nothing resulted because the campaign was started too late'in tW semester. TChis year we will again bring fire and brimstone on ourselves by reopening the campaign to abolish the student election that selects these committees. PkVty politics on this campus have gone from bad to worse in the past few years. The candidates are no longer elected because of their qualifications and ability to oi'ganize a better Prom and Gala Week but purely on their party affiliations. Even worse are the parties within the parties. A small group in each party controls the selection of the candidates, and a review of the Boilermaker and Progressive tickets for the last five years will show that a few “select” fraternities and sororities have had a member in each of the elections. Furthermore, party leaders in the past have been irresponsible and incompetent. For example, last year one of the parties failed to pay part of their bills. When the representatives were approached regarding this indebtedness, they merely laUghed and said, “I guess we didn’t.” There is no reason why this practice won’t be repeated this year, since there is no one who can be held responsible
for payment of expenses. Politics does not stop with the Prom and Gala Week elections, but has extended into other campus organizations. Gimlet club and Interfraternity Council votes have too often been cast along party lines, and the Council last spring found it necessary to adopt ah involved election process to keep parties out of the Fraternity Affairs Office. This is politics at its Worst. ’ \ Recently there has been a movement on campus to do away with Unnecessary activities and organizations aind to turn their duties over to those with the ability and experience to do the work well. Last spring the Purdue Athletic Council replaced i the Student Athletic Association, whose members were selected by student vote. Everyone will agree that the PAC has been far more active and useful than the inefficient SAA. Prom and Gala Week would likewise show considerable improvement if placed' in the proper hands. The elections as they are now require an unnecessary waste of valuable time and money, with fraternities, sororities, and Residence Hall units forced to contribute to campaign funds. We can see no reason for Prom and Gala Week eomraittees chosen by a popular election which is merely a ballyhoo campaign for politically chosen candidates.
The Ratio-
VttSliKlOH MERRY-60-
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
HoOVibr Envoy Asks Food For Europe, But Admires Germany's Efficiency WASHINGTON, Oct. 17, 1941.— Ex-President Herbert Hoover recently announced he was starting a new drive to send U. S. food to Nazi-occupied Europe, contending that it would be “entirely possible” to do this without helping Germany. Mr. Hoover doubtless believes this. But it also happens that one of his principal European assistants, from whom Mr. Hoover obtained much of his information on which he based his feed-Europe campaign last winter, was on most cordial terms with high Nazi officials. This man was John Hartigan, representative of the Hoover relief organization in Germany. Hartigan was 'famous among the American colony in Berlin for several things. pne was his hats. He had twelve of them, of four different styles and three of each style. Hartigan would explain to! callers that he bought his hats in Bond Street and got a new one every time he visited Lohdon. All the hats were kept on" display on . a large table in the ante-room of Hartigan’s elaborate suite in the Adlon Hotel, the most fashionable in Berlin. Hartigan never failed to tell "callers about the hats. In fact, he sometimes invited guests especially to come up to see the unique collection. Hartigan also was noted for his piano playing. He had a fine piano moved into his suite and he liked to invite guests to hear him. Among the waiters of the Adlon, Hartigan also had a special reputation. To them he was known for his remarkable breakfast appetite. They were much impressed by the
fact that he often ordered two whole breakfasts. Polish Letter Mr. Hoover’s representative was very fond of his comfortable quarters at the Adlon. He also liked other things about Germany. He was a great admirer of what he called Nazi “efficiency,” and he was very appreciative Of the hospitality of Herr Frank,, Nazi Gov-ernor-General of Poland. Hartigan was invited by Herr Frank to his confiscated Polish castle for the Christmas holidays. Hartigan was so grateful for the pleasant time and favors shown him, that he wrote Herr Frank a letter in which he not only thanked him for his generous hospitality hut congratulated the Nazi Gauleiter on all the wonderful things he was doing for the
Poles.
In his reports to Mr. Hoover, Hartigan strongly urged the necessity of sending food to crushed, pilfered and enslaved Poland. In transmitting his confidential reports, Hartigan had the use of the diplomatic pouch of the American Embassy in Berlin. Some of the reports went that way. Others, however, did not. They went in a manner that made them accessible to the German Foreign Office. Difference Of View Hartigan made many trips to Nazi-occupied countries and invariably returned with reports vigorously advocating that American food should be sent. Representatives of other American relief organizations who visited the same countries reported that there was no immediate or drastic need for food, or that the food shortage Was due to deliberate German policy, and aid could not be sent without contributing to German victory. These latter views are in line with those held by U. S. diplomatic and military officials. They attribute any food shortage in occupied Europe directly to the Nazis, who have robbed every country they dominate of food supplies and are in complete control of the transportation and distribution systems of most of the continent. American officials have reported that if there is starvation in Europe this winter it will be due^ to Germany, the master of Europe’s food supplies. They also have: reported that the Nazis are beginning to use mass starvation as a retaliatory measure against sabotage and I'evolt. Lucky Omen There may be something in omens after all. The other morning Mrs. Elmer
Thomas, charming wife of Oklahoma’s tall, white-haired senior Senator, was searching her bedroom for a mosquito that had annoyed her during the night. Failing to find it, she gave up and began reading the newspaper. In the sports section, her eye fell on the racing news. Among the entries in the first and second races at Rockingham Park were two horses named “Skeeter” and “Try-and-get-it.” Mrs. Thomas instantly decided this as the hand of fate and excitedly phoned a friend, who advised that she play the horses in the “daily double.” “You’ll never get another hunch like that as long as you live,” the friend said. Mrs. Thomas acted on the suggestion and her friend was right. Both horses won, paying Mrs. Thomas $56 for her $2 ticket. Seeing The Light' The party line is mightier than John L. Lewis. Or maybe it was the deportation decision. Whatever the reason, Harry Bridges, West Coast leftwing CIO chieftain, has seen the light on the ' foreign issue and now is all-out for President Roosevelt’s policies and unhampered production in defense
industries.
Bridges disclosed his conversion in a speech at the convention. of the California Industrial Council—after he had been sharply criticized by the Communist Daily Worker for not toeing the mark on the war
question.
Although the Commies dropped their isolationism after Hitler’s invasion of Russia, Bridges continued to back his close friend Lewis in assailing the war as “imperialistic” and to bare his teeth at the defense program. After a while, however, the little Australian did make one concession to the new party line. While still opposing aid to Britain, he came out for aid to Russia. Then^came the .deportation decision, followed by an official Commy blast scorching Bridges’ pants for temporizing On the foreign issue. One or both of these blows apparently brought him around and, cutting his close ties with Lewis, Bridges scrambled aboard the party line wagon. In his speech Bridges not only came out for full aid to Britain and maximum defense production, but even said that he and other leftwing instigators of the North American Aviation strike might have been mistaken in their tactics. “There is no question,” he declared, “that all concerned did not have the proper perspective and re-
• •••to 1
The “love thy neighbor” policy is being practiced by soiiiebody these days at least. The gals of 121 University Street and the follows at 116 same are really hitting it off together. If you doubt our word; ask Helen Jane Frew or Jack Har-
Hal Knight, that romantic gun of the Union, is; having his troubles these days. along with the rest of us—only we’d love to be having the troubles he’s having. His heartthrob, Theta Jeannette Haynes, was a little slow on the trigger in, calling him up for Gold Diggers so he had to accept ^ date with a freshmhn. After he had accepted, Jeannette called him. Being a, true cavalier of the old school, he turned her down instead of breaking the other date. Maybe your “two week” rule applies to Hal, too, Jenny.
_((: IS ®
Bud Laramore, Sigma Nu prexy, recently parted with his .I'ewelry. The recipient was Joan Pier—an AOPi at DePauw. What’s the matter with the local fearmers. Bud? The ratio’s dropped, you know. Bonnie Robbins started the weekend off early last Thursday when she startled the social world by taking Dick Renn’s Phi Psi pin. The most startled of all was “Doghouse” Livinghouse, whose week-end will now probably last ’til next Wednesday. Ah! Romance.' . Tho.se two walking hospital cases you see around the campus nowadays are the two “Nyack Nuggets” —Bertie and Adele Cole. Bertie banged up her knee on the Phi Gam front steps one evening while sister Adele cracked two ribs while watching a football game; Those ATO’s play rough, don’t they gals ? While on the subject of the Awful Tau Omega’s, we hear. that their pledges had a road trip the other night in a bus! Guess they’re one of the progressive fj'aternities who are de-emphasizing, the hazing of innocent f)'eshmen. And after the way they treat the fairer sex, too. Here’s a choice morsel: While on one of her very frequent visits to the hospital to see John Galvin, Reva Richmond, the “pride of the Pi Phi’s,” was surprised by John’s home town girl who had come down to see him. Was Johnny’s faired? But literally! Not to mention the several shades of green Reva’s face
turned.
10:00—News 1,0:10—Curio Man 10:15—Music 10:30—WBAA Presents 10:46—Theatre of Song 11:00—Just Kids 11:16—Music 11:30,—High School Guest 11:50—Purdue News 12:00—Woman Shopper 12:16—Tune Time—Charlie Powell 12:30-—Meet the Band 12:46—Markets 1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—The Army Speaks 1:46—Pre-Game Dope 2:00:—Football Game— Ohio State-Purdue 4:30—Afternoon Melodies 4:45—Little Miss Muffett 5:00—Just Relax 6:30—Music 5:46—Curio Man 6:60—News 6:00-^Dinner Music 6:30^—Sports 6:45—Music 7:00—News of the Week 7:15—Music 7:30—Petite Musicale 8:00-—Musical Albums 8:30—Eventide Echoes 8 :45—From the Press' Box 9:00—Concert Master 9:30—Mmsic 9:50-News 10:00—Off the Air
IV-
-SUNDAY - MONDAY-
tiGtter %p Editor Dear Editor: I am writing to expi-ess my views concerning freshman engineering lectures, GE 1, As I understand it, the series of four lectures being given by the Civil, Chi^mical, Electrical, and Mechanical' Schools- iS to familiarize the freshman witn these fields, and to aid him in determining which of them he will enter. Ho-wever, after attending three of these lectures, I found that practically nothing was discussed which might be of interest to a student undecided as to the branch of . engineering he wishes to enter., The lectures show a sad lack of interest
on the part of sorheone^probably the different schools themselves'. ■'Isinterely hope that,. the f,e)ti*hih4hg lectures in GE 1 will ,be more pertinent and of more value. ■■ R.:K.i -
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER Ai RISK ^ i DR. HAROLD 1. RISK — DENTISTS— - ^ * 40br404 Schultz Bldg. • ' 4th and Main St. tafayette
Dr. A. M. Irion — DENTIST--* 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
.THE FUNNIESfl SHOWiUlTWi
alization of the necessity of utiliz- . ing to the utmost the,machinery of the established government agencies to secure the demands of the workers.” This is quitg^. a somersault for Harry! (Copyri,ght, ..1941,, by^nited Feature,' Syndieatbj::;;Tnc.)
LUMA SUN.-^MON.--2 HITS
TONITE n ;30 fHiifRiEnrFII
LAST DAY — JUDY CANOVA — IN — "PUDDIN' HEAD" — ALSO — 'THE RETURN OF DANIEL BOONE'
-TODAY—' Twin Thrill ChUlers! THE TERROR
MYSTERY OF ROOM 13
Today Only
— ALSO — WALT DISNEY CARTOON — LAST TIMES TODAY — "BOYS OF THE CITY" — AND — 'BILLY THE KID IN SANTA FE' — ALSO — "CAPT. MARVEL" SERIAL — PLUS — FIRST RUN NEWS
(pjuhdwi, £xfionmL All-American I940-'4I
; Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3j 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3. 1^,17, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year ahd weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subBiiriptions, $4.00.
£jitor-in-Chief N$w8 Editor iJuoineag Manageri...
H inagina Editor..
.— Ned A. Ochiltree John L. Traugott .......i Don S. Pnwera
Sports Staff Editor Phil C. Johnson Aaaooiate Editors: O. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler,
Publication Staff
..Leland W. RufFner
lociute'Edittirsr J. 1*'. Amqs, J. H. Arijtistrong, D. T. Bropby, t. L. liadley, F. I. Jones, E. G. Kieper. Business Staff Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, E. E. Saxton; ijrculation Manager: W. T. Jicdl; Accounts Manager : W. Millard. Co-ed Staff .-...s—- .....I— Enth Bom Aasuciate Editum; Mary K. Boynton, Alice Ctiattield, Jane Kanadell.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792; Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 Kepresented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Hepresentatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night ISditor: tir^phy SporlB Editor: Clark Editor: Hunter Day Editor: Doyjiton Workera: lieajl, Glaiipio, Fischer, Smith, Ochiltree, Smith. Sheyeli, Kofjuemore. Spoi'tu Workera: Dawson, De Mars, Miller.
jlt’s The Most Exciting Triangle That Ever Mode A Man Run Around In Circles!
— LAST DAY — Richard Dix — IN — 'BAD LANpS OF DAKOTA"
uamem
STARTS SUNDAY
FREDDIE and GALE LA RUE VVtT—HUMOR AND MUSIC
THE GALE SEXTETTE THREE LADS ANb THREE GALS
MARY MORGAN QUEEN OF THE. DANCERS
RITA DAWN SONGSTRESS "The Show's Surprise Package"
10 -HIT PARADERS-10 FEMININE CHARM AND BEAUTY JHE RHYTHM SWINGSTERS
—ADM.ISSJON— ': ALL S E A T.$’ —Ifc, 12:00 to 2:00 P, M.'*»CTax 2:00 P. M. TO CLOSING Main Floor 44c ine. tax Oalcony aje |ni. tax Children (all day) 17c inc. tax —Stage Shows At— < 2:00 - 4:40 - 7:15 - 10:00 LAST C6MPJ.ETE SHOW at 10:00
PLUS—A SWELL SCREEN SHOW
CHtRLIE CHAN THAPS A BEAHTIFHL KIILEH’S KILLER IN HAY RIO!
lioneiBARRYMORE-Mp CARR011-I.|| SKELTON .VirtMa O'BRIEI MARS Starts Sunday
ik' ft) \ :
i ■
r k « ' k Aiiii
Saturday, October 18 Mfilermalmr l^orts
|esl|Ksi|fCrew
In quest of their third straight Conference victory, seven cohfldeht'^ili^efej?^ distance men’ left, by car yesterday afternoon ^h#S^cloek for Ohi^^ State where they will ineet’the strong iittekeyd'crbss-country 'squd morning.'The meet wiU get'^cter way at 10:3^^ and will be run on the traek sUrrouad^i^, thd iphm ^ THeyii tiie':#liole is in -fine • ■
shape t<5: avenge last year’s 26-29 „ . . defeat at ti* hands of one of the «« top this morning it will stand a toughek'^u^ceye stiuads in the his- fine ehahce of annexing the .first Big tory 'of: tife.shhool. cross-country title since Coach M ■ vj o i T. j Phillips took over the reins in 1937. Holdermatl Sets Record ^ j. j. i o-i. r> -i , , . ^ , Prior to the meet today the BoilerTilp'e'trials held Wednesday to makers have scored decisive wins determine ' the ' traveling squad minois and the tough Indiana showed a marked improvement in is rated as one of the
each pf . the distance m
man emailed or bettered his preVioas 4)gsti^i*ne'. Captain Ed Holdernian, leading point getter on the squad, turned in the best time ever run^lon the new improved three and
one half mile course
This year’s Riveter squad is the one Phillips has beCn hoping for during his many years here. Although studded with several outstanding individual stars, the team,
fmj • ci. j. ' -11T. nevertheless, has that all-important
The Ohio State course will be new ... j,, ,
to anst of the Riveter men but will '
be iCpnsidefably different from the Traveling Squad
onei'.'on which they practice each The distance men making the
afternoon. Completely encircling trip in addition to Captain Holderthe.BTniversity golf course, the track men who incidentally took first place itseff rims over four miles of in last year’s meet, are as follows: smOdth rolling turf. Woody Appleton, Don Kemp, Darr Traich On Upgrade rell Roach, Charlie Duesler, Keith If" the Riveter, squad comes out McLaughlin and Bob Jarvis, j.s.d.
Approximately ^ freshmen basketball candidates who' haite survived the first cut are continuing to workopt each aftettiobn under the W^ehful bye of Head Coaiih Piggy Lamibertv Another but some-, time :d.ur5Mg’the next couple of weeks will narrow the squad down to a working sise of 20 nteff. ■ Plenty Of Work ' '' In an effort to give everyone an equal chance, Lambert each might divides the squad in,to teams Which scrimmage for about eig'ht minutes apiece against the candidates’ for this year’s varsity. In this manner he can see everyone in action and'can detfermine how each reacts to top flight competition;. ; ' Although an official cajl fpr varsity men has not as yet been made, ne'arly fifteen sophomorbs and lettermemhave been practicing for several weeks now. Captain Don Blanken.has been working out for several days and is rapidly rounding into shape. Holdovers Plus Sophs Vetei’ans ^ierney. Caress, Korschot, Krampe, Kieffer, Adams, and Hoffman are looking very impressive in early drills. Swantz, Friend, Wooden, Anderson and Wright of last year’s strong Rhinie squad are also out. j.s.d. . .
Aluinni Associaiiotl
To present Movies Of Qhio State Game
)riUs lii&eK folfi
Flif CHOICE of Good Dressers
Service belongs . crowds gat|ier. ; J^ve Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly Titltr. four
Look your most romantiG in out brilliant evening fashions. We invite you to see our display of formats and accessories.
• It jusf Ain'l' Crickef^e’re buraedippi WcfhUBarkhat all is fair in love, war, and football, but we think that it is going too far to use blasphemy unjustly against a major University just for the psychological effect for a team./ . .. What is this all about? First we want to'uiBOte 'a ifewiparagraphs from the Ohib State Laaterni sports editor’s column, Mablstrom, of this
week,
“The Aiherican football public is getting sick and tired of football publicity^ as it exists today- For some time the publicity bureaus of various large universities have prided themselves on thpir ability to build “down’’ their teamsi only to have tfamn ^spring “seHsatioiial .HpSetB.l^-:’.”::vV-. ' .I;' ,’V Matters have finally come to a head though with the outrageous releases from the Purdue Athletic News Service within the past two weeks. Nine injuries have been recorded. The Boilermakers,are indeed in bad^ shape. The game should be a rout. Oh, yehlf ^ All the Purdue injuries, at least those to their stars,-were minor. It eertdinjy'is ■ carrying athletic publicity to a fine poinh when'M)ne university starts spouting about minor injuries two weeka before a game when it is obvious to anyone who looks into the injury, that.the sufferer will recover in plenty of time for the game.” » Jiist'TV)''fight''Ovei«i6irt^^ciite‘-• And what brought all of this on? We quote again from an exchange in the Exponent by this same writer earlier in the week. “The greatest difficulty at the present time is overconfidence. If the team realizes that they are an ordinary team (true despite the USC game and various publicity) the Buckeyes may yet come out on top Saturday.” Coach Paul Brown is smart. He realizes that his team would develop a superiority complex as a result of the slaughteri^on'ithe coast and the
resulting mammoth buildup.
Tabs Them "Bear Stories^
RIDE TRAILWAYS
-41.80 .. 1.80 .. 1.80 .. 1.15
2.95 ZM
SHORTEST ROUTE, FINEST SERVICE
O. W. Ri T.
CHICAGO GARY MICHIGAN CITY INDIANAPOLIS .
PLUS FEDERAL TAX ? 10 Service Eo Columbus, Pittsburgh, New York, St. Louis, l^laliRS,,,,;;,
Los Angeles >
YANKEE TRAILWAYS Southwprths Book Store Phone 7851 208 N. 5th St. Phone 4^75
AN INyiTlNG PAHCE AN ;
ST!;.
We offer you dim of the Finest
l^cliig ''Stbipiols' ih Tiiifiiina, i^NCrWEN ^ IS^ii^rs^Yw^llbv. %h Aifi'diriicdd Ndv. ^fh
A;,L|N’S
6tfa & Ferry
IT’S TOO
PL^y GOLF
BUT YOU CAN STILL HAVE
TBP fm TWO
THE CAFETERIA THE GRILL LOUNGE y THE SWEETSHOP ^ XP GpEPp SHOP
^ THE CHEiSTNUT ROOM
WVhmiftmL lAmotc
'^^The Corner of the Campus—■ And the Center of Activities’*
F^ht the benefit of students who will not witu^ the Fiiwb>«''’Ohie State gridiron battle tn be played in CtdttBlbns, Ohio, ibis afternoon, movies , of the ^me will be shown in the south Union ballroom Hon day .at 8 pxn. I Members of the coaching staff will be on hand to provide a running commentary for the play-by-play account of the game as filmed in the .Ohio State stadium.^ This will be the second of the Boilermaker games away from home to be filmed and presented this year by the Tippecanoe Coun-i ty Purdue Alumni Association.
w.e.r. ■:
Swimming is a sport that bibs to 2ome up the hard way, and before A. earn can capture the fangr qf student body it has to be dowprif^ sensational and walk awjay mrts of titles. But to do this fakes a g>p|l Amount of time and patience on. jsart of the coach and athlqtig sb*’rector, whose job it is to g«y- am here is capable material, which to build a squad,'Affer done it is merely a matter ei, ime until the team develops intq' first rate performer, but tipae »,
in years.
IM Schedules
SOFTBALL Mondayv Oc4;ober 20 Diamond «3I ■ . 6 Ward 21 vs Ward 32 !->■ 8 Ward 9 ?«s Wwd 24 (piay fl« 12 iyard 28 vs Ward 12
So in order to fight this reaction he brands the absolutely bona fide and ordinary reports of injuries by the Purdue-Publicity Service as “bear stories” in order to make the team realize.ihe‘Seriousness of their first Big Ten encounter. , the KericA. All of the Columbus papers join in and play it up big. In line with this play up, the above column was writtebthh Lgntecn.i iju-i. * • It's just Cut Throat'*' We’ve always heard Paul Brown was an expert psychologist, but we never thought he would go this ieur in:--order'tD accomplish! such EWii end; If Purdue was the “poor Elwhrd’s boys^’ type-or the •aiibL'Clingercit would be different. BUT, Boilermaker iWms ^always have^ iand .we.’Jiope always will, play every game to wing with'no nioral;'victoriesiTor «X€Uses when they lose. Not even when Ohio State: had-to beat them ;lasfe-year by using an illegal player.. 1;,: h-f;:, rhe?; v-a We agree, with the Lantern sports editor, “The American public is getting sick and tired of footbalLgublieity as it'exists tejday.” At-least when it is used to gain a personal advantage at the expensesofhatherfs dignity.- vi hn;'! •
■ ■•-'■TfMNW
.Saturday, October 18 Court Soph. J1 Siener vs Kden • ■■12' Wells vs Gibbons
j.’ ' junior
13 Collins vs Schapf • 14 Walsh VB Boss or Sells Roth vs Mees or KraybUl Hutchins vs' Tormohlen
.Ah
Cohen vs Rodgers or Sells
Freshmen
Crofts vs Stallipgs Ypth vs Rodgers ■ Pavfs vs iialey ' Cohen vs Kutsch
16
17
18
.19
20 21
ALL CAMPUS GOIP Saturday, October 18 1:15 p.m. Oc.hiltree vs Bob Smith R. Johnson vs Stafne or Reniger Cleyett vs Hoffman L. W. Kitts vs Cbomhs Mansfield vs Btisber
7:00 7:30 8U)0
7:00 7:30 8:0fl
6:30 7 :00
7:80 8:00
7:00 7 :30 8:00
RIFLEBY SCHEDULE Monday Shoemaker House Antie»nish - ■ Harmony Haven, Collegiana Ward I South HaU TAiesday Anhtiveedale House Glenwood House WRH Wood Phi Mu, Alpha Xi WRH North Wednesday Otter-Be-Inn, Ward II The Gables Odzian Coedda ' " Ward III i. I Novadale ; _ Casa Manna Thursday S. H. E, House N.O.M.I. Kappa Alpha Theta. Alpha Chi Chi O. D. G. Kappa Kappa Gamma, Pi Phi
GILLESPIE'S Store, Restaurant and Bar Supplies 221 Columbia St., Phone 6405 LAFAYETTE, IND.
The
Perry Printers Printing in Tune With the Times
Phone 7804
332 Northwestern Ave.
Everything for a College^ducation
DEAG’S
dreat Improvement Here - - This has been the case here, where during the past few yeaans he swimming situation has faemi pn constant upgrade, with each jreaFa iiquad proving to he. an .kmpiiiyieroient oyer the one .preeediBg.it. This year the outlook is the 'orightest it has been in a long time, With only twq- men, lost, fyqm-last season’s squad, which aithoq^h:im ecord breaker, gave definite indimtions that as experience came sp hould new ■victories. Many a Boilermaker defeat wAg aused by little slips that ly would not occur with ja xetemui outfit, but this season’s semgd Iff better balanced team than Jjafit year’s and the experience ^ined through the tough schedule siumld put them in good stead. Sophomores Lpidt Great Coach Dick Papenguth seenu atisfied that he has some boys that an compare favorably wiA any college performer that yod care.to inention, and the appearance -of everal promising sophomores on he squad will make it arry some capable replacements, feature that was sadly lacking last year. The squad is in pretty fair shape, ilthough a few men are ineli^nNe ind the status of a few memhens ,vith respect to the selective sery--ice is questionable. By the tjma the ' econd semester rolls around, and che season actually gets under way, lit is hoped that those men will be jeligible for competition. Outstanding among the 'returning members to the squad are Captain Dick Kratzer, whose specialty is the freestyle eyepts and thd sprints; Jack Carney, junior freestyle' artist, and Jog Williamson, one of the best backstrokers in the middle west. Supporting these meni in their efforts will be several capable sophomore candidates who should go far in their first yeaf of varsity competition. Diving Improves Perhaps the most outstanding of these is John Dilly, a Huntington, Indiana boy, who Papenguth ranks as one of the three best backstrokers in the country gt the present time. Vernon Hansel, a freestyle and middle distance swimmer, has shown up well in practice lately.
( louefai found in
most expensive shoes
and here's .rich4
.'ness yop'cai^ed^ |«nd feeljlyit^thd ■ hand" ohd^tin; the
^foot. For fine-iotik-ing fine shoeg^j^fl *ichoos0 Freemtii^
A. B C Shoe Co.
X-RAY FITTING
406 Main St.
Phone mi
■''A
di
HiPursue E^onenf
Saiut*dayi^C^td^
Offers Air C.f . Boester Leads
First Puttering Shop Art Clinic Meeting
; ; Army air corps needs 1,000 young Men A month for the next three Months from the states within the i^ifth Corps Area to be trained as navigators of long-range military aircraft. , The Univ^ity is offering special night school classes to aid high school graduates who are unable to enroll in regular university classes to meet the army educational requirements for aviation cadet training. This course will qualify them in one year. ; These classes will be held Monday and Wednesday evenings at .p. m. starting Nov. 3. The following subjects will be offered: plane geometry, algebra, arithmatic, English, composition, grammar, U. S. history, general history, physics, inorganic chemistry, and modem language. Anyone interested in enrolling in these courses should contact Director G. S. Meikle, head of the departMent of research with industry.
i.e.b.
Little Theater Members Hold Radio Discussion Members of the Lafayette Little Theater held the third in a series of round-table discussions on different playwrights at 7 last night over WBAA. A discussion on William Saroyan and his “Time Of Our Life” was led by Kelly Yeaton in collaboration with Prof. R. A. Cordell, Miss Janet Decker, and Mrs. Harriett Mueler. • It is the, aim of the Little Theater group to have a weekly program over WBAA with the Friday’s discussion to precede a half-hour* presentation of $ome famous dramatical success on the following broadcast,
d.w.o.
Tea Dance
: ... sponsored by PIA will be held this afternoon from'3 to 5 in the liorth ballroom of the Union. Admission price is 10 cents and PIA members and coeds will be admitted free.
C. P. Boester, head of the University housing research department, architect and inventor, conducted the first of a weekly series of Puttering Shop Idea Clinics at 7:30 Thursday evening. This meeting, open to all students who had practical and original ideas for inventions or the resign of industrial objects, took the form" of a discussion on various problems, such, as the design of a new type of gear and a new method for the ventilation of low cost houses. JBoester talked on the opportunities open to students with creative minds in the fields of science, engineering, agriculture and home economics. He also gave specific' advice on individual problenis, generously inviting “any student with a hot idea at 2:00 in the morning’ ’to call him up and talk it over if he needed help on it. Perhaps the most unique class ever to be oifered to University students, this extra-curricular activity is expected to meet a real need of many University students who have long wanted advice and encouragement and a place to work on new'and practical ideas.
Foundrymen (Continued from page 1) rous casting. The gray cast iron discussions were held in room 363 of the Union, those on malleable cast iron in room 230, steel in the East Faculty Lounge and non-ferrous in room 355. Yesterday’s program closed with a joint chapter dinner in the East and West Faculty Lounges of the Union at 6:30. After a welcoming address by A. A. Potter, Dean of Engineering, Earl L. Shaner, president of the Penton Publishing Company, Cleveland, spoke On “Shortages - Material .and Otherwise.” Shaner publishes the magazines. The Foundry, Steel, Daily Metal Trade, Machine Design and New
Equipment Digest. Also featured on the dinner program was musical entertainment under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, University Director of Choirs. The two-day conference closes today with a continuation of the simultaneous casting discussions held yesterday, k.r.
Lost: Parker pen" between BoiloKy Annex and Ohem. Annex, October 15. Call Jean Gilbert, 8430. Reward. Single Room: Firat floor. Next to bath. Private family, reasonable. 410 Maple St. Phone 36683, Ix)8t: General Chemistry 11 book in Armory. Please call Bob Creal, 66004.
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph and multigraph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main. Phone 2779, Lafayette. Money to Loan: on anything of value. Albert’s Loan Office. Pawnbrokers and Jewelers, 407 Columbia St. Vocal Lessons: For 26 years Lafayette’s only real singing teacher. Voice test free. Edward W. Frank. Studio, Lahr Hotel. Phone 4066. Lost: Gold Mohawk wrist watch. Return to R. Hayley, Cary Hall or phone 8421. Rer
ward.
Notices
Modern Dance: Practices will be held on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 4 and on Tuesday at 7 in the gym. —SERBAN Novice Pistol: Students desiring to Are in the third' novice pistol group starting Tuesday, Oct. 21, may sign up in: the supply room of the armory now. —BROWN Mechanical Engineers: The American Society of Mechanical Engineers membership applications may be obtained in the general office of the Mechanical Engineers building. —BOLZ Code Instructions: Applications for enrollment in Radio and Code classes now being taken in the Instructors room of the Armory. —BURKHART Purdue Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday,M)ct. 21 in room 134 of the E.E. building at 8:30 p.m. Please use north door. —MILES Agriculturist: Meeting of the Board of Managers on Monday, Oct. -20, at 4 p.m. in room 118 of Ag Hall. —SNYDER
Freshman Engineers: Meet for Engineer^ ing Lectures oK Saturday, October ,18 at 8 a.m. By schobls. Students whose names begin with A-E (incl) Room 129,' E. B. Building: F-Le (incl) Room 201, 0. E. Bldg,; Li-R (incl) Lecture Room iti Michael Golden Shops; S-Z (incl)' Room 264, E. E. Bldg., second floor lecture room.
—KNAPP
WAA: All girls who are interested in Cabin Leaders’ Course meet in Women’s gymnasium Tuesday, Oct, 21, at 7:16 p.m.
—WARD
Purdue Wheelmen: Ride, Sunday;' Oct. 19, at 10:80 a.m. Meet at Executive BuildingGet tickets for ride before Saturday, Oct. 18 from Vanderbilt at Cary Hall West, 8446, Ralph Leuhens, Frank McCoy, at AXP, 6089, dr Gwen Curry, Wood Hall 8413. —VANDERBILT ^ Purdue Outing Club: Bicycle hike dh Sunday, Oct. 19. All students invited to come. Meet in front of Armory at 10:30 a.m. For picnic reservations call Ted Parker at 76271 or Marjory Ward at 41111 before Saturday noon, Oct. 18. —WARD PIA Members: Two positions on executive board are open. Petitions will be accepted for men’s activities chairmen' and ward chairman of south ward. Petitions must be in PIA office by Monday, October 20, at 4 p.m. —ELDER Fencers: All men with fencing experience report to the third floor of the Fieldhouse, Tues., Wed., or Thurs., Oct. 21, 22, or 23 between 3 and 6 p.m. Bring gym shoes and equipment if possible. —TOWER
Freshman Drummers: Those interested in Military Band report to Lt. Coers at tbe Hall of Music at 10 a.m. Tuesday, Oct. 21, 1941 or call 46371. .—R. J. COERS
Virginia C. Meredith Club: Important iheetin'g in H.E. Building in auditorium at 4 p.rh. on' Monday. Committees to make plans for state convention will be assigned. Plan to come. —aRvIDSON Xi Sigma Pi: Important meeting Monday, Oct. 20 at 4 p.m. in room 116 of .horticultural building. —VAN GAMP Lutheran Students: Meet at ohurch at 2 p.m. Sunday afternoon for hike through Potter’s Hollow. Hike will be followed by wiener roast. —-ANTAL Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday, Oct. 21 at 7:30 p.m. at home of -Mrs. C. Tandy, S. W. corner of Grant and Wood streets, - —VpLLMER Pep Session Committee: Will the following members of the permanent pep session committee please attend the organization meeting Monday'at 4 p.m. in the Student Senate offices: Dick DcGarmb. Johnny Goll, Katy Ade, Ban Adkins, Bill Barber, Dick Raney, Jim Wolff, Bob Stecker, Damon Elder, A1 Menke, Rex Mayfleld, Paul Fenn', Dick Watson, and Ned Ochiltree. Election of a chairman and ;sUb-chairman as well as plans for the next pep session will be conducted at this brief meeting. —SCARF—RUFFNER—JOHNSON Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Tuesday, Oct. 21 at 7:30 p.m. in room 307 of the Union.
^SIGLER
Scriveners Business Staff: Meeting Saturday, Oct. 18i at IjOO p.m. in room 68 of the 'Union. Riegle, Dray, Sheets, Allwardt, Graves, Dunbar, Gallatin please be there.
—JUSTIN
Purdue Players: Meeting of executive',; board at 4 p.m. Monday, Oct. 20 in Foty-,; ler Hall. -^WALKER , Scriveners: Business meeting in new offlee Room 64 Of the Union, Saturday, Opt. 18, at 1 p.m, —ALLlVARpT Wesley Foundation: Skating party , Saturday, Oct. 18. Games at 8:30 p.m.; leave for Maple Point at 10 a.m. Admission 26c per person. Those with cars who take loadsto Maple Point admi(t^ free. -r-GILBERT f
Student Senate: Meetinb of the senior board Monday, Oct. 20, it 4 p.m^ in; the
Senate office.
-DIBOS
Roger Williams Club: Folk dancing and games, Sunday evening, October 19, at 6:00 p.m.,- led by Kenneth Truax. Come and have a good time. —ARTMAN Roger Williams Clqb: Freshman party at thpl parsonage at 140 South Grant St. Sunday, October 19, after club meeting.
—ARTMAN
Military Ball Committee: Meeting of all members Tuesday, .October 21 at 4 p.m. Report in uniform to Debris studio in subbasement of the Union for pictures.
—DIBOS
Catalyst Members and Pledges: Formal initiation next Wednesday, Oct. 22, in room 302 of the Chem and Met building at 7 :80 p.m. Pledges bring full boxes. All members sign list in Dr. Lovell’s office.
—YODER
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting at 7 :3b p.m. Tuesday, October 21. In room 303 of the Union, —LOCKWOOD ■
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, October 19 Delta Rho Kappa: Meeting Tuesday,,Oct, at 7:30 p.m. in room 263 of the Union. 21 at 6 p.m. in room 306 of the Union. All —RIEGLE pledges be present. —BIERLBIN
For successful snapshots KODAK FILM
and our careful DEVELOPING PRINTING ENLARGING Make a Record of Your Homecoming Activities with Films and Supplies From FOSTER'S CAMERA SHOP 411 State — West Lafayette Park in Rear and Use Rear Door
LATEST RELEASES on VICTDH - COLUMBIA - DECCA RECORDS
DECCA . Jealous Rancho Pillow Andrew Sisters 37 DECCA Concerto No. 1 B Flat Minor 1 Love You More, More Every Day Woody Herman 37 COLUMBIA The Count : _ I See a Million People Benny Goodman 53 COLUMBIA I’m a Little I'eapot My Heart Runs After You Horace Heidt 53 COLUMBIA Yours I Went Out of My Way Eddie Howard 53
COLUMBIA Jack and Jill Don’t Let Julia Fool Ya Will Bradley 53 victor This Time the Dreams oh Me Blues in the Night Artie Shaw 53 VICTOR Two in Love A Sinner Kissed an Angel Tommy Dorsey .53 VICTOR The Bells of San Raquel Ma-Ma-Maria Art Jarett 53 VICTOR ’ American Fantasy Victor Herbert Parts 1 & 2 Victory Symphony Orch .79
In the McLean Music Co. 514 Main St.
HERE IS A NEW APPROACH
to the NEW FALL SEASON Autumn surges in, rich with color and the promise of new experience and interests. The outdoors beckon the sportsman. School again becomes the center of life. Closets suddenly seem empty of the smart things to wear, and every shop extends an invitation to select from its wares new apparel for man and' woman> New friendships, made with the opening of school, should be a reason for a new sensitiveness toward style, smartness. . * - A .; C -’ '' Move with, the breath of autumn. Shop the smart Lafayette ready to wear stores now while stocks are full and prices are low. Be ready for a gala season with a feeling of clothes security. ~■’ . The Purdue Exponent
A>