y
<
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Fair, somewhat warmer today. Tomorrow generally fair, cooler.
Purdue Exponent
TODAY'S PAICT: A Journalistic Experiment
SATURDAY
October 29,1938
Lafayette, Indiana
VoL 50
No. 40
First Religious Convocation Of The Year... n5 ... will be opened by the Right Revi erend Minsignor Fulton John Sheen tomorrow morning at 10:30 in Eliza Fowler^all, when he speaks on “Democracy and Religion.” 1 A1 Stewart’s 150 voice University * choir supported by the Echo Choir of 30 voices will round out the program with “Praise Be to God” and “Give Ear Unto My Prayer.” Monsignor Sheen-is a noted author, including among his manuscripts “The Moral Universe.” This book is composed of 16 of his lectures and * discusses among other things the indissolubility of marriage, Hell, Purgatory, Judgement, etc. He holds an associate professorship in Philoso- ^ phy at the Catholic University of America, Washington, D. C. “New Philosopher” The London Universe desci’ibed * Sheen as the “new Catholic philosopher of the age” and “most popular of American preachers to come to ' England.” Brother Leo, Am.erica’s best known Catholic literary critic, has ^ said that Sheen’s style is “a style in the best sense popular, appealing to persons who may or may not be intellectual, but who at least aie in- ^ telligent—a style positing per tminet questions, and opening attractive vistas of thought.” ' Paul Emerson, , Pianist, Will... . give one of his “every semester” music programs tomorrow at 4 p m. m the music room of the * Union Music room committee members planned this program especially for the students, because they feel stu- ^ dents would appreciate an undergraduate artist. The committee suggests that the audience aiiive early so that the * piogiam can get underway promptly at 4 o’clock. The program will be printed in Sunday’s Exponent. Mixer Bulletin
Boilermakers Ready For Iowa
Band
Bill Lytton
Union Ballroom
Time
9 to 12 midnight
Price
One Dollar
Bill Lytton and his band of Northwestern University swingsters will .leave then northern home to play for the regular mixer here tonight. Lytton will include his swing trio, .ofteimg several novelty numbers on bassj guitar, and trumpet The band leader won College Humor’s prize tor the best college aggiegatipn in the country m 1932. Since that time Lytton has spent much ol his time ,on foreign tours. Accoiding to Lytton, his is the only band which has played in both Europe and the Orient.
225 Foundrymen Will Conclude Their Three... . . . day conference here this morning after a number of demonstrations in rapid chemical analysis and spectrographic analysis conducted under H. W. Dietert in the chemistry Building auditorium from 9 to 12 o’clock. At the same time there will be demonstrations on physical testing under the direction of Prof. R. *6. Crepps in the Civil Engineering Building. This conference is part of a program of the Chicago Chapter of the American Foundrymen’s Association for which Purdue is host. Progress In Foundry N. F. Hindle, prominent member of the AFA, pointed out in his discussion yesterday that “during the past 10 years there has been more progress made in the foundry industry than during the preceding 50 years.” Hindle went on to point out that metallurgical developments in the industry had increased consumption of cast pioducts materially. More and moie other industries are depending on the found! ymen to produce their products. Two Bands Will Play For Cary... . . . Halls’ annual fall dance tonight against a Hallowe’en background. Iivan Mauiy and Paul Barker will swing from nine until midnight in the Noith and Noithwest Halls. Fiom the Noithwest Hall Baikei and hm oichestia will broadcast music foi dancing in the West hall lounges. Iivan Mauiy, with his populai campus band, will play in Noith Hall. Iiv and ^he boys played foi the Bainyaid Fiolic last night in the balli oom, and Barker has appeared seveial times on the campus leccntly at the PIA Fall dance. The dance, as is cubtomaiy, will be open to the entile student body and faculty. Leaving St, Mary’s , , . . . . chinch at 2 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. Catholic students will paiade to St Boniface Chinch in ob&eivation of the Feast of Christ. Seivices at St. Boniface stait at 2‘SO. All Catholic students are invited to participate by the Lafayette Deanery Holy Name Organization ,
li f
Students Resorted To Card Games, Bull Sessions... . . . reading magaznies, and drinking cokes for ways of spending time while waiting in the Union lobby yesterday trying to get one of the last ^7 tickets to the Military Ball. Both co-eds and eds got an early start on waiting. Clay Bernichon, EE ’40, and Howard Jones, ChE ’41, were on hand at ip o’clock yesterday morning in order to obtain their ducats. 'Ubey were first and second in line. ■— '■
“I simply had to be sure of getting a ticket,” said Bernichon. “The wait wasn’t so bad except that I did kind of miss my dinner.” R. E. Berkholder, who was third in line, shouted out, “With the import I have for a date, it was simply a matter of do or die.” Luckiest Ed Charles T. Angeman considered himself the luckiest ed on the Uniyersity campus when he found out he had purchased the last ticket. “I thought Bobbitt was the last man, not me,” he said. “I was sure surprised.” “I was sure disappointed,” said. Bailey M. Bobbitt, ME ’40, who was the first not to get a ticket. “Ange-
'^Rocket ’ Heads...
... have never before been used in the Exponent for more than short stories with single deck heads. Today as a journalistic experiment the Exponent presents something new in make-up; a paper showing rocket heads for every story. Rocket heads are a fairly recent development in American journalism; have been used to the replacement of all regular heads on a few western newspapers, especially in Texas. Many college papers have experimentally tried them, but few have carried the experiment to the point of making almbst every head in the paper a rocket type, even for one issue. From a practical standpoint, rocket heads' make the newspaper both easier for the subscriber to read, and easier for the editorial staff to “put out the paper.” The reader saves time by reading directly from head into the story. Headline-writing becomes a very speedy and simple process for the staff, compared to the labor of effectively wording and “counting out” a reg-
ular head.
Prime function of a newspaper head, however, is to show the reader at a glance just what the story is about, giving him as much pertinent information as it is possible to convey in a few short lines. For this reason many special treatments of the news story “lead” are prohibited, and most rocket heads conform to a more or less definite style. Reading a rocket head and then following directly into the story will seem very peculiar to most readers at first. But read all the heads into each story today, and when you’re fnished see if your reaction is favorable or unfavorable. The Exponent will welcome any criticism or comment, favorable or unfavorable, regarding today’s experiment on rocket heads. Place your comments in the Exponent box at the west Union desk or mail them to us. And remember .. . it’s just an
experiment.—D. G. T.
Underclassmen Will Rule Over The Engineering Campus During... . . . the coming week as the senior inspection trips call the fourth year engineers away for from four to seven days. .Starting the ball rolling, two parties of senior chemicals will leave from the south entrance of the Union Building tomorrow morning at 9:15.
Thiity-six men, under the leadeiship of Professor C. L. Lovell will board busses for Detioit, Mich , not to return to the campus until Fiiday, Novembei 4 Plants they will visit include the Foid Motoi Co., Detroit Sulphite Pulp and Papei Co., Michigan Alkali Coip, Champion spark Plug Co, and Hiram
Walker and Sons
Metallurgists
A second paity of ten chemical engineeis, niajoiing in metallurgy, will travel to the same city undei the diiections of Piofessoi Ray (Continued on page 4)
Frances Bruce Strain, Member Of The...
. . . American Social Hygiene Association, will speak on “Preparation and Methods of Sex Education in the Secondary Schools” to graduate students and seniors, Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in room 211 of Stan-
ley Coulter Hall.
Mrs. Strain is well known for her outstanding contiibutions in this field, as author of “Being Born” and “New Patterns in Sex Teaching.”
Noble Kizer, Molder
man and I weie planning on double dating and we came up heie together. We had been waiting since 12:45. When we first got here, they told us that there wei e only 25 tickets left, and we both thought that we wouldn’t get any. When we found out there weie 37 left, we counted back to our position in line, and we* thought we were a cinch. I guess I can’t count; something went wrong. I’m not worried though because I am right near the top of the preference waiting list, and I still think I’ll get one.” “My date, Susie Stivers, doesn’t know how close we came,” said Angeman. “I haven’t seen or talked (Continued on page 3)
(Iowa City, la., Oct. 28.—Special to the Exponent)
When Bob Allen^ Guard. Said At...
Varsity
... tonight’s mammoth pre-game pep session, “It’s more than a football game, we’ve just got to win,” he expressed the feeling of the entire student body, fans, alumni, and dad’s gathered here to witness the Purdue-Iowa battle tomorrow. With feeling at a low ebb on the Hawkeye campus, following the trouble between the coaching staff and the Daily Iowan sports department, a splendid pep meeting was held adjacent to the Union Building, during which the “Iowa Jinx” was solemnly cremated on a huge bonfire, to the accompaniment of aerial bombs and funeral music. Mead Hawkeye Coach...
... of many valiant Boilermaker teams has once again returned to the University campus after recovering from a severe illness which had eliminated him from campus activities for the past two years. Yesterday the campus was gifted by return of Noble Kizer, former energetic football mentor and present athletic director, who after two years of courageous, obstinate, and aggressive fighting defeated his most revered opponent, sickness. Resides in Plymouth After residing in Arizona since the fall of ’37, Noble Kizer returned to his home in Plymouth, where he was Under physicians care. Here he was allowed to handle some of current psysical education problems of the University. Upon his arrival to the campus “Nobe” wasted no time in calling a conference of entire athletic staff, which included Clevett, Lambert, Elward, Phillips, Reeck, LaBree, Taube, Fehring, and Purvis.
... Irl Tubbs and Captain Jack Eicherly, halfback, look over their practice football field, possibly thinking about just what will happen when the Boilermakers meet Iowa in their homecoming game today. Assistant coach Einie Neveis stated, “Iowa’s paper chances aie pietty slim. If they win tomoiiow they will have to be an inspued ball club. 1 think tomoiiow may be then day.” Team Stops At Davenport But Pm due’s speedy football team, relaxing in a Davenport hotel, continued to express the same splendid spirit which has brought them so well through the first half of their difficult schedule. Coach Mai Elward, as he made preparations, for a short meeting with the squad, took time to state, “the entire Iowa team is all fired up over the trouble they have had with their school paper, the Daily Iowan, and they This afternoon’s game will be broadcast at 1:45 by Iowa radio stations WHO, Des Moines, WMT, Waterloo, and WSUI, Ames. WBAA will recreate the game in their local studios for a special broadcast starting at 2 o’clock. are determined to make this their best game of the season. I expect this to be just as hard as any game we have played this year. The Piu-due team has shown that they are the kind that can’t be licked and I know that they will be in the same frame of mind tomorrow.” Mihal Looks For Victory Joe Mihal, still suffering from the painful kick which he received in the head during the first half of the Wisconsin game, said, “The Iowa team has had some tough breaks this year, and they will be out to win tomorrow. The boys are all set for a battle, and I’m sure we’ll bring home a victory.”, While reserved Paul Humphrey, Boilermaker co-captain and center smilingly stated, “After the Minnesota game, I said we wouldn’t lose another. I still feel the same way, and so does the rest of the squad.”
Farmerettes And Their Dancing Farmer Boy...
. . . friends of dear old Purdue swung out last night in true hayseed fashion for the Barnyard Fi olic held in the Union corn field sometimes known as the ballroom. Crazy checkered skirts, big girls in littlq gi^ costumes with bare legs, and little girls in old-fashioned big-girl costumes paraded ground the floor. They were escorted by eds possessing for one night only a strange fresh-off-the-field, innocent appearance.
They sang “Old MacDonald Had a Farm,” and “We Won’t Get Home Until Morning” outside the sweet shop, with the accompaniment of several jugs of what appeared to be cider. Jug-Holders Jug holders included Myra McKee and Eleanor Smith, while Peggy McBride lost both heels to her shoes and had to go put for repairs. Bright spot of thb evening, was (Continued on page 4)m
£dijtoJdcd
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J'BoiuMA
Saturday, October 29,1938
Six And A Half...
.... weeks of school are over today—yellow slip time is near. “Just wait until I get started,” or “Yes, this is a slump, but I’ll pull out of it in another week”—are oft repeated remarks at this time of year—^just before yellow slips. K such a snap-out is necessary, don’t just talk about it, Do something! During the coming week, tests and quizzes will be given in most courses to help the instructor make up his mind about the standing.of members of his classes. The burden of doing well on these tests is entirely on the student. If he has started to slide, now is the time to put on the brakes. If he has never started studying and if there is still time to start, it is immediately. Not everyone will take this advice. Steal a march on those who don’t, and you may pull yourself up—up from a yellow slip or just up if you are not bothered by the yellow slip peril. If you’re in a bad way make a Z (hopeless) into a Y (serious) or even into an X (slightly) yellow slip. Freshmen and those in danger for the first time especially may be interested to know that the faculty graciously divides delinquency into these formal categories. How pleased we’d be if this edit would save Registrar Stone some work. F. S. McK. Announcements... . . . were forthcoming, at this time last year, concerning the two major campus elections— elections of members to the Gala Week and Prom committees. When will we hear the first rumblings of our big-time campus politicians for 1937-38?
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congrress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year ai\d weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for J3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor...^ — D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. 6. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Easiness Manager. M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager....^— E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager. W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager. W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger represented for national ADVERTISINQ BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicaso ■ Boston ■ Los Anoelcs • San Francisco CO-ED STAFF Editor. Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor. R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, B. J. Deckard This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFH^ 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038 .
Night Editor—Terrio Issue Editor—McKee Saturday, October 29, 1938
^J^im and Jder By Georgann Schilling
Everything corny—save the music, a mob of overall clad farmers and their dancing farmerette partners, a wild entrance to the ballroom via a slide, lots of ftin. This was last night’s barnyard frolic. We saw Bill Briscoe dressed very un-orthodox-like in a tux shirt; Jim Ashton as a typical farmer; Bobby Reid dancing with Martha Lommel; Bob Insley and Joann Gheer swaying to the music; Bill Townsend looking very happy about the whole thing; and Irvan Maury’s band really clothed for the occasion. —H-H— Another Saturday night—the Purdue campus—and another flock of pledge dances appear on deck for the socially elite. The Theta Chis will dance tonight at a party at the chapter house honoring their pledges. New pledges to Sigma Chi are to be entertained with a Hallowe’en Masquerade dance this evening, while just two houses down the street the Betas and the Phi Belts will dance at the Masked Ball which the two fraternity groups are giving for their pledges. The Triangles and the Phi Kappa Sigmas are also giving pledge dances. What a night! —H-H— Allen’s Ballroom was the scene of a semi-formal party last night when the Kappas and their new pledges danced away the hours to the music of Chuck Coe and his Purduvians. Unusually attractive dance programs were given the dancers— the programs were of miniature size, the blue covers being decorated with a pledge pin and the silhouette of a boy and girl. —H-H— Have you noticed the very unusual looking clock which graces the upper hall of the Library? The clock was presented to the University by Charlotte Ross Kienly. The case, which is made of San Domingo mahogany, was designed by Miss Ann E. Baker, instructor in Wood Carving in the Industrial Art school here from 1887 to 1900. The carving on the case was done by Mrs. Kienly during the school year of 1898, the work taking six months. The clock enclosed in its unusual case now stands at the entrance to the main reading room of the library.
tomorrow
/^f in ! L^ku^ck
e6
West Lafayette Baptist 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Class. 10:35 a. m,—“Fellowship Through the Cross,” Reverend Joseph B. Gleason. 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams club social hour. Lunch at 6:00 p. m. 6:30 p. m.—“The Urge to Know” discussion by Professor D. M. Doty. 7:30 p. m.—“The Open Door,” by the Roger Williams Club players, directed by George Osborn, ’40. Wesley Foundation 9:30 a. m.—Sunday school. Mildred Damon for women at the Foundation House, Dean Fisher for men, at the church. 10:30 a. m.—“The Social Ideal,” Dr. Steele. 5:00 p. m.—Fellowship Supper at Foundation, 15 cents. 6:30 p. m—Debate on military training at the church. St. John’s Episcopal 8:00 a. m.—^Holy Communion. The Corporate Communion followed by breakfast in the parish house. 10:45 a. m.—Morning service. 6:00-8:00 p. m.—Young Peoples Fellowship. Lafayette Christian 9:30 a. m.—“Finding God Through
Pin pushing has ceased to be a popular pastime at the University of Oklahoma. Instead of signifying that a couple goes “steady” it now means the real thing. It has been decreed that the act of bestowing a pin on the girl of your choice is a promise of marriage and constitutes groimds for breach of promise.
ARC
Last Times Today—
A WHiilLFOOLlI
i 1
INTiieOE
W PneitoH. FOSTER rlT^wifiyyiD
OISE
— Also — ZORRO RIDES AGAIN
Sunday - Monday MR. DEEDS GOES TO TOWN SQUADRON OF HONOR
'POPEYE/' CARTOON
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TON8TE 11:30
Thrills thunder across the screen when the gay debonaire philanderer of the Tank Corps goes into action with the fun loving daughter of the Colonel!
— TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE THE JONES FAMILY in ♦ LOVE IN A BUDGET — Plus — STATE POLICE
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LklMy
Jesus,” student class. 10:40 a. m.—“Problems,” Reverend Doyle Mullen, morning worship. 5:30 p. m.—Student Vespers. 6:00 p. m.—Social hour and supper. 6:45 p. m.—Round table discuss!one. Presbyterian 9:30 a. m.—Discussion led by Dr. Findley. 10:40 a. m.—Morning worship. Dr. W. R. Graham. 6:00 p. m.—Sunday evening forum at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz street. Professor Ken Carmichael will read a modern play.
WHERE IS UPPER ... . . . classmen’s distinction in this school. When the freshmen and sophomores get preference over the juniors and seniors it is time that we throw in the towel. WE ARE REFERRING . .. ... to the Military Ball ticket sales. If you want to argue that the underclassmen are in the military department and should have preference, you can, but the upperclassmen still have it over them in seniority because they’ve already had their two years of torture. WE SUGGEST THAT THE . . . . . . Military Department throw a GIN barbecue for the boys and girls that were not able to get a ticket to the ball. FOUND . . . ... in Sociology class Friday morning, one pair of ladies pajamas and gloves ( ?). Owner may have same by calling 2004, maybe. THE THETAS WIN . j . . . . the prize for probation rules. The way we understand it is if a pledge gets 15 black marks she is not allowed to have a date this week-end. WITH MILITARY BALL . . . . . . right under our noses—and in our pocketbooks—you Theta pledglings with good dates, or just dates, may as well give up because a date is a date if it’s for the Ball, even if an active has to relieve a pledge. POEM . . . The Frenchman loves his native wine. The German loves his beer. The English loves his “arf an’ arf.” Because it brings good cheer. The Irishman takes his whiskey straight, Because it brings him dizziness.
‘The sooner w epretend we’re leaving, Henry, the sooner they’ll serve the food I”
But the American has no choice at all. So he drinks the whole dam business.
ALSO OFF THE RECORD . . . ... it seems that GEORGEANN SCHILLING did NOT come here to get a husband, but because her Mummy wanted her to. HOWEVER if she could happen to pick up a football player on her way through school, that would be different.
One Of Many Parties... . . . over the week-end will be given tonight at the Bivouac House. Decorations will be in keeping with the spirit of Hallowe’en. The party will be given jointly with Entre Nous, and Collegiana, both girl houses. Julliard is social chairman in charge of the party.
WBAA
A Graduate...
... of the University of Minnesota, Miss Eileen Satre, will replace Miss Jeanne Halstead as part-time assistant in the applied design department. Miss Halstead will now devote all of her time to the clothing department.
12:1512 :3012 1:302:00-
Today -Prof. Robert Phillips—American Institutions. -Purdue News Flashes. -Tune Time—Chas. Powell. -The Woman/ Shopper. -Luncheon Dance Time. -Market Reports. -Radio Stage. -Music, Maestro, Please. -lowa-Purdue Football Game.
Our Tailors
will re-line that old coatl Well clean it first and it will give you good service for a long time! Send It Now
American Laundry
Fine Cleaning and Shoe Repairs
West Side -132 Vine Street
tSCcAAjofL Owl:
In How To
Win HER
Take her to the mixer or any other function in a yellow cab and start the evening off in style. Show her you know the fine distinction between courtesy and having fun. Call: 5023 3071
YELLOW CAB CO. Quick Service Is Our SpecialtySaturday. October 29.1938
Purdue's 'B' Team Left For South Bend Last Kight To Meet The Notre...
. . . Dame reserves at 10 o’clock ^this morning, in their last game of the season. The Riveters will be striving to end the season on the brighter side of the ledger, having split even in
two previous games with Northwestern and Illinois.
l^he team, under the direction of
assistant coaches PoWell, and Zachary, will have the following prob-. able starting lineup: Abbott, and Stephenson, on the ends; Vergane and Dilts, as tackles; Proudfit and Bremer, guards; Jerrell, center; Welsch at quarterback; Vyverberg and Mcllwain, playing halfbacks;
and Liebrecht, as fullback. The complete squad slated to
make the trip includes, besides the probable starters, Ainsworth, Arenson. Bliss, Correll, Fegely, Galem, Heinrich, Kinyen, Lehr, Luzar, Mackey, Mann, Miller, Raebel, Stevens, Them, Turen, Don Yeager, and El-
wood Yeager.
Today we welcome a new member to our live mascot club by entering the name of “Salute,” live bear cub of Los Angeles College. Although eating peanuts, drinking pop, and saluting are his best talents, the cub is planning to learn band maneuvers and take part in the be-tween-half displays at football contests.
mm£ni
— LAST DAY-
Starts Tomorrow
^ *4 H ^ ^
LyUA
LAST DAY-—
2 FIRST RUN HITS
COLUMBIA'S thundering ShriUer of the well I
AND
SUNDAY — MONDAY WALLACE BEERY in “Port of Seven Seas”
tMm
TODAY Only
ON OUR STAGE-
—ON THE SCREEN-
COME EARLY Stage Shows at 1:20-3:30-5:40 7:50-10:05 Last Complete Show at 10:05
—ADMISSION — 11 :30 A. M. ALL SEATS 25c , :oo'°p. m. 1:00 P. M. ALL SEATS 30c " 2:oo^p. m. 2:00 P. M. TO CLOSING MAIN FLOOR 40c BALCONY 30c CHILDREN (All Day) 15c Starting TOMORROW Oewnlea Adileveweiit nn
THE PtJRDUE
Spehtiu
EXPONENT
....choie*
WBAA Announcer
Hank Miller...
. . . will be interviewed concerning “Coeds Campus Clothes” on the second Campus Round-Up program to be broadcast tomorrow at 11:45 over
WPBM, Indianapolis.
Tomorrow’s program, which is the second of a series dedicated to Indiana colleges, will feature Purdue University. Popular records, bits of campus news, and gossip will be included in the collegiate hour. Louise Edwards, former Purdue co-ed, is in charge of the program which is sponsored by L. Strauss Company of Indianapolis. A special program on Sunday following the Indiana-Purdue football game will consist of comments on the rivalry and competition existing between
the two schools.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT TODAY
By Bruce Witwer Thursday evening at six o’clock 36 Purdue football men boarded the train for Iowa .*. . outwardly they appeared to be all that Purdue was sending to the game but it really wasn’t ... it takes more than a team to play a game of football, and we refer to the amount of necessary equipment which has to be taken on such a trip. —^fc— The complete rigging for a grid star weighs nine and three-quarter pounds, and in addition to the other materials have to be carried along . . . altogether about a ton and a half of equipment was packed into 13 trunks for the fracas . . . let’s hope that “13” is a lucky number this time ... as a team never takes any chances on getting sick from strange water, some of the luscious West Lafayette aqua was lugged along, enough to last for the whole trip. —^fc— Last, but not least, we have a mile and a quarter of tape for the anktes, thigh pads and the like . . . Lon Mann, the Boilermaker trainer, has to put practically all of that on by himself ... a pleasant job, unwinding that much tape, besides putting it all on the Purdue men. —^fc — The “B” team plays Notre Dame and has enough of a representation this year so that they have a good chance of making a real showing . . . last year they were so hard pressed for men that two Purdue quarter-backs had to act as shock troops and fill up the holes in the line . . . Montague was one of them ... at least they displayed their versatility.
In One Of The Northwestern^ Minnesota
Meet In Major Big Ten Tilt
Hottest Softball Games Ever...
. . . contested on Intramural Field, Manager Keller’s Delta Chi ten and the diamondmen of Sigma Alpha Epsilon tried again to settle the fall interfraternity softball championship but failed. The scorebook read 3-3 after four hectic innings of battle. The fracas was called at the end of the fourth inning by umpire Berry because darkness made
it impossible to follow the ball.
Delts Score First
The Delta Chis started out with a rush, pushing two runs across the plate in the initial frame when Pauline and Simon walked and were sent across the plate when Bisehel, Delta Chi right fielder blasted out a triple. The SAE’s came right back in the second inning when Rectenwald hit a home run with a teammate on
base to tie the score.
In the third inning the Delta Chi ten pushed another marker across the plate as the result of a walk to Hearn and an error in fielding Pauline’s tap. However, the Sigma Alpha Epsilon team came back in the next inning to count a run and knot the score. At this stage of the game umpire Russ Berry, called
a halt to play.
Intramural
Notices
TOUCHBALL
Monday
Field Official 1— Delta Tau Delta vs. Theta Xi. Berry 2— Sigrma Chi vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Boyer 3— Tau Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Mu.
Chaffee
4— Ward 8 vs. Ward IIX. Brodsky 5— Ward 2 vs. Ward 7X. Evers 6— Ward 12 vs. Ward 13. Fishel 7— Ward 5 vs. Ward 6. Lamoureaux 8— Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 8. McGrath 9— Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 7. Luce 10—Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 3.
11— Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 4. 12— Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 10.
HL
(^Lestn-ut i^o
oom
IVhether . . . • YOU HAVE VISITORS FROM HOME, • A DATE WITH HER, • OR ARE TREATING JUST YOURSELF The Chestnut Room is the place to go. You will find it to be COMFORTABLE SERVING FINE FOOD , AT REASONABLE PRICES
ON THE
SECOND FLOOR IN JIUL fiwvdwL TnmusucxL UnJmL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Barney Rapp
Margolian
Troyer
Smithson
If.
What Many Term The Deciding Game
Of The Big Ten Title Race...
... is on tap this afternoon when Northwestern and Minnesota meet at Evanston while all of the remaining teams are playing
either conference or non-conference opponents.
The Gophers will be out for revenge after a defeat at the hands of the Wildcats two years ago ended Minnesota’s 21 game winning streak and cost them the conference crown. Both teams are undefeated this season, but Northwestern has not faced the tough competition encountered by the Gophers. Don’t lose too much money on
the Wildcats in this game.
Wisconsin entertains Bo McMillin’s Hoosiers in the Badgers’ homecoming game at Madison. Indiana is still looking for that first victory this season and may have to look much farther after today, for Harry Stuhldreher’s boys have the power and finesse of a great team. Wisconsin will be hard to beat for
the rest of the season.
At Ann Arbor, Michigan’s powerful team hopes to improve its fine record of this season at the expense of Illinois. The Illini have been pushed around quite a bit this season, but have a well balanced squad which may give the Wolver-
ines a good battle.
In the two non-conference battles Chicago will be seeking its first victory of the year against DePauw at Chicago, while Ohio State journeys to New York City to battle New York University. The Maroons are getting their chance for a victory today and should cash in. Ohio State will find little trouble in improving its record in the eastn
ern encounter.
'•Vc:-
. . . and his New Englanders will present a stage show at the Mars this afternoon and evening. Included with the band is a company of very
sparkling entertainers.
On the screen, June Lang in
“Meet the Girls.”
Students Resorted ~
(Continued from page 1)
Second Bowling Round' For Organized Men... . . . came to an end last night with the Phi Sigma Kappas winning over the Phi Kappa Sigmas because of a forfeit. The Kappa Delta Rho’s averaged 139 to Delta Upsilon’s 151, and Phi Kappas defeated their opponents by a team average of 163 to Phi Kappa Psi’s 149. The Sigma Chis lost to their opponents. Phi Delta Theta, by a score of 113136. Of the individual high point men, Clark, Phi Kappa, bowled an average of 177 pins, while Mossberg, Phi Kappa Psi, bowled 169. The tournament will be continued Thursday. All-Campus Badminton is In Full Swing... .. . and five first round matches have been played off. All first round tournament matches for both those players that are registered and any new entries, must be played off by Monday at 9 p. m. The entire intramural basketball floor will be made up into courts and they will be reserved for tournament play.
to her since I made our date some time ago.” Use Cooperation Such wasn’t the case with Bob Wyckoff, ME ’41, and his date for the affaii’, Mary K. Miller, HEc ’42. They cooperated in, getting the ticket. Mary went without dinner in order to get there at 12 o’clock. When it came time for her to go to an important class, Wyckoff showed up to hold down their chair and place in line. Both wei'e on hand when it came time to do the pur-
chasing.
“We were going to make sure,” said Wyckoff. “I didn’t mind waiting,” said Mary, “but I do wish that the Union had furnished softer
seats.”
Cooperation seemed to be in order. An idea was originated by R. R. Shellhamer, who was fourth in line, and C. A. Bernichon, that instead of waiting such a long time in one place that a list be made with each person signing their name in the order of their place in line, and later form in line in that same order. This was done and it worked very successfully. It allowed waiters to mingle about more, and offered a sort of relaxation from waiting. Card games, sessions, and various other time passers were thus engaged in. By Milt Patterson
THIEME & WANGERIN CO.
622-626 Main St.
Lafayette, Ind.
Smart Luggage We carry a complete line of luggage—modeled along the new smart lines—replete with all the new features that make for greater convenience and longer wear.
MEN'S GLADSTONES All leather—standard size—black or brown. $7.95 TO $25.00
MEN'S ZIPPER BAGS All leather—black or brown — in a price range $5.00 TO $12.50
STRIPED LUGGAGE Sturdy dependable cases in 18 inch and 21 inch sizes. $2.50 TO $5.00 O'NITE CASES Good luggage for little money. 18 to 20 inch sizes $1.00
LADIES' O'NITE CASES Linnings to match— 18 to 23 inch size— price range $2.98 TO $4.95 LADIES* O'NITE CASES All leather — sturdy and dependable—18 to 23 inch sizes $5.00 TO $1230• «
3boaaL OdA,
THE FDm>UE EXPONENT
^nHro\
Saturday, October 29,1938
Farmerettes And -- (Continued from page 1) the slide, pi'oviding childhood joy for dancers as they slid down from the second floor balcony windows to the ballroom floor. Between the dances, played by Irvah Maury, the couples took time out from their hay-pitching to sit on the floor and play “Pease Porridge Hot,” among other games. Officials reported that over 350 couples attended the dance . . .over 100 tickets were sold at the door. Bai'nyard Frolic is an annual affair put on by the Newman Club, Catholic students’ organization.
Underclassmen Will" (Continued from page 1) Farabee. They will visit the Ford Motor Co., Revere Brass and Copper Co., and others visited by the first section of ChE seniors. Electricals on Monday Monday 160 electrical engineering seniors in four busses will follow the examples of the chemicals and leave the campus. From the North entrance of the EE Building, they will travel to South Chicago, Chicago, Milwaukee, and Port Washington. The EE’s will arrive back in Lafayette Friday, at approximately 8 p. m. Tuesday, Mechanicals Tuesday morning at 12:20 a. m. a train of 160 senior mechanicals will leave the Wabash Depot for Detroit. Professor H. IVI. Jacklin will be in charge of the group. Aiding him will be Professors Young, Veneman, and Liston. These mechanicals will visit the Cadillac Motor Car Co., General Motors Proving Ground, Ford Motor Co., Edison Institute, U. S. Rubber Co., Plymouth Motor Co,, Dodge Brothers Corp., Parke-Davis Co., Chrysler Engineering Laboratories, Burroughs Adding Machine Co., and Stroh’s Brewery. The Wabash trains will roll back into Lafayette about 4:45 Satui'day afternoon and 1:50 a. m. Sunday. On the same day, Tuesday, at 6:30 a. m., 75 senior mechanicals will fill two busses and leave the Union Building foi Gary. Professors Ludy, Miller, and Rubenkdenig will take charge of this section of the mechanicals. After making a tour of the Gary Steel Mills, they will journey to Milwaukee, Wis., where they will visit the Allis-Chalmers Corp., and . the Harnischfeger Corp. Coming back to Lafayette, the mechanicals will stop at Chicago to visit the ElectroMotive Corp., and the Western Electric Co. The buses are scheduled to arrive at the Union Building at 5:30 Saturday. Civils Go Wednesday Last of the upperclassmen to leave the campus will be tlie 60 civil engineering seniors vRo will leave for Gary W’ednesday at 8 a. m. Under the leadership of Professors C. A. Ellis and W. J. Henderson, the two bus loads of surveyors will inspect the Atlas Cement Co, in Buffington, the Hammond Water Works, . Carnegie-Illinoi's Steel Co.,. Calumet Sewage Treatment Works, and the bridges over the Chicago River .by boat, while in Chicago. They will retui n to Lafayette after completion of inspection of the Sewage Treatment Works. While in Chicago, the civils will be guests at a banquet given by the Portland Cement Association Friday evening. Phillip Ha7.Tington, traction engineer for the city, will speak on the Chicago subway project.
Notices
Sophomore Union Workers: Will our committees and all other available workers please come to Dean Fisher’s office at 1 p. m. Saturday, October 29. Very important meeting. Bring fountain pens. —CREPPS, COOPER.
Sophomores for. Track Managers: Sophomores wishing to try out for track managers report at Stadium at 4 p. m. Monday, October 31. —MANN. WAA Class Hockey: Tuesday, November 1, Frosh B vs. Sophs ; Wednesday, November 2, Frosh A vs. Juniors ; Thursday, November 3, Frosh A vs. Frosh B; Friday, November 4, Junior vs. Seniors. All games are at 4 p. m. Freshman A squad is: Margaret Wirt, Metzger, McFarland, Murphy, Wood, Blagrabe, Ward, Rubreight, Harrison, Fitch, Kennedy. Freshman B squad: Mary Wirt, Kling, Graham, Cox, Modiste, McMullen, Smith, Halstead, Todd, Miller, McCullock. —SHAFFER. Sophomore Union Workers: Will as many of my committee as possible please report at the workshop between 10 and 12 a. m. Saturday, October 29. —RICHARDSON. Scriveners,: Meeting Sunday, October 30, at 7 :45 p. m. at 229 Fowler. Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN.
Boxers: All men interested in’ boxing, and those who have been out before, report to Fieldhouse boxing room Monda^, October 31, at 4 p. m. f ' —MAXWELL.
Pla.vshoppers: Positions on technical staffs' for “Dracula” are now open. Petitions for jobs must be at Playshop office by Monday, October 31, at 6:00 p. m. —BRENMAN.
Cancellations: Students T^ho wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, October 29. Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject was given. The cards shoold then be filed in the Registrar’s Office. Assignments may be Cancelled without grade after October 29, if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. —FISHER.
Undergraduate Dames; There will be a wiener roast Saturday, October 29, at 6 :30 ,p. m. at the T. R. Johnston home in Northwestern Heights. Husbands are cordially Invited. Brihg your own wieners, buns, and doughnuts. —BEUOY.
WAA Campcraft:: Meeting postponed until Monday, October 31, at 7 p. m. Dr. Rose will talk on first aid in the woods. " —FRASER.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Wednesday, November 2, in room B of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m. All pledges, bring (n globes. —AYASUN.
NYA Workers: Cheeks for periods ending October IB are now available at cashiers office in the Executive Building. '—HOLLENSBE.
Distinguished Howitzer Squads: Applications for entry in this competition must be handed in in writing to Major Faulconer or to Captain Morse by noon Thursday, November 3. Each application will list a Junior as Executive and 11 Sophomores—1 as chief of section, 1 as gunner, 7 as cannonneers, and 2 as drivers. Entries will be placed in order in which they are submitted. (10-29) —FAULCONER.
Debate Managers: The following men will continue as sophomore debate managers: Taylor, Wheeler, Hart, Howard, Thorton, Caldwell, Shaw, Deal, and Reister. (10-30) —CAN. ^ Freshman Co-ed Exponent Workers: Work schedules for the week are as follows: Monday—Bourne, Wilkinson, Justin, Couter, and Baum. Tuesday—Irwin, Sless, Guise, Densford, and Johnson. Wednesday—Pierce, Voigt, Prather, Dennis, Frado and Huhn. Thursday -—, Hyman, -Gregory, Stallings, Funkhouser, and Wellington. Friday—Bird, Flint, Magley, Switzer, and McCann. Saturday—Cleveland, Abel, Nottingham, and King. (10-29) —McKEE.
Playshop Party: All members of !pi^shop, workers and oast of “Room Service," and anyone interested in joining Playshop are invited to a jamboree at the WAA cabin Tuesday, November 1,.from 7 until 11. Meet at 7 o’clock at Fowler Hall. Twenty-five cents per person. —HETTEMA.
WAA Hockey: rnu is the last week to make up hockey practices. Games begin next week. (10-29) . —FRASER. ,
Freshman Speedball Classes; Special film on speedball will be shown at 3 p.. m. and again at 4 p. m. on Monday, November 1. in the Hygiene room. Anyone interested may attend. -FRASER.
Freshman Basketball Candidates: Candidates for the freshman basketball squad will report daily starting Monday, October 31, at 3 :00 p. m. LAMBERT.
Lutheran Students Club: Business and social meeting to be held in room 1 and 2 of the Union Building on Sunday, October 30, at 7:30 p. m. —OTT.
Scrivener Editorial Staff; Meeting Saturday, October 29, at 1 p. m. in the Scrivener office. —CLEVELAND. Playshop Stage Crew: Be at Fowler Hall Saturday night, October 29, at 9 ;00 p. m. Attendance imperative. —BRENMAN.
Exponent Circulation Staff; Important meeting Wednesday, November 2, at 7 p, m. in room F of the Union. It is imperative that all freshmen be there. —BERG.'
Ads
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Chi Omega sorority pin. Please return to Phyllis Crossman, 402 Waldron. Reward.
FOR SALE TYPEWRITERS—^All makea, sUmdErd and portable, told, purehaaed, rented and repaired. New Portable machtnea as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershofl, 606 Main street.
Radio Club; Regular meeting Tuesday, November 1, at 7:30 in room 264 of the EE Building. —BROWN.
WAA Riflery: Riflery schedules are as follows : for Monday, October 31: C :15, Ward 4; 7:00, Ward 1; 7:46, W. R. H., North; 8 :30, Thaeles. —SMITH. Sigma Poo Sigma: Meeting Sunday, October 30, 7 p. m., at Cary Hall East. —LEVIN.
Concert Choir: Important rehearsal Saturday, October 29, at 1 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. —CODDINGTON.
Archery Enthusiasts: Archery games Saturday afternoon, October 29, from 1:30 to 4:30 on the north end of IM field. Clout, target, wand, and roving. Beginners welcome. Equipment furnished. —kINZER.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
FOR SAUEJ-—1929 LaSalle coupe. Good condition. Cheap. Call 2680. MISCELLANEOUS ATTENTION BANDSMEN: Let McLean’s factory trained rejiair man put your musical insthiment in first class condition and save time and money. 614 Main St. Phone 7917.
BOARD FOR STUDENTS. Call 41601. 708 Evergreen.
There’s Rfeal Value in Crown Cleaning Service— Scientific Cleaning Monite Moth-proof Protection Formprest Suit Pressing Careful attention to all details Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly ©Bssfi [Laundry FINE CL E A N ERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. ROBERT G. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S Schultz Building ■4th and Main Phone 5701
• Florists
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19 V2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Locksmith
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
Paul Whiteman Every Wednesday Evening GEORGE GrACIE BURNS Allen Every Friday Evening All C. B. S. Stations
Eddie Dooley - ^ Football Highlights Every Thursday and Saturday 52 Leading N. B. C. Stations
Copyright 1938, Liggbtt & Myers Tobacco Co,
Youll find smokers everywhere keeping Chesterfields with them all day long. They add to your pleasure when you’re on the job and when you take a night off. 11 takes good things to make a good product. That*s why we use the best ingredients a cigarette can have — mild ripe tobaccos and pure cigarette paper—to make Chesterfield the cigarette that smokers say is milder and better-tasting.
..with MORE PLEASURE for millions