a^mm
jTT
. t^t- >- «4^!t48tt^i*{B^,t; .;, -^. . . 2 ^We
r
Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, September 18,1937
NUMBERS
Gimlets Sponsor First Gridiron Contest Of Seasoo'-Golds And Blacks Will Have Balanced Teams Of Varsity And Sophs
PROBABLE LINEUP
GOLDS POSITION / BLACKS Powell LE Krause Schreyer LT Mihal
LG Verplank . Q Petry or Morningstar RG Maloney RT Fitzgerald RE Vergane QB . - Shackleton or Montague LH —-r Nesbitt or Purvis' RH Brock or^Wel^h
Ippolito or Juska FB Winchell or-BWitte Officials—Referee, Gardner; umpire, Miller; field judge,
Yarnelle; head linesman, Allen.
At two o’clock this afternoon the curtain will rise on the first act of Purdue’s 1937 football season. This event will be a prelude to the real action of the year instead of the first im-
portant step in the grid schedule. _
picked varsity squads
Bremer or Bykowski
Humphrey Grant Woltman Zachary Hennis -S Cecil Isbell
Selby or Decker
Senior Girls Adopt Corduroy Skirts As Class Emblem Gored skirts in natural corduroy will be the official garb of senior co-eds this year. Jealous for years of the male senior cords, co-eds held a meeting yesterday in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building to decide on some standard senior clothing for themselves—gored skirts was the result. The selected skirts will make their first appearance when the fourth-year co-eds march in the senior parade at the first football contest with Butler, September 25. GuIIion’s Clothing Store, in the village, will order the skirts. Coeds should stop there as soon as possible to be measured. The price will be under three dollars. Mary Alice Masters is in charge of the skirt ordering and Jennie Bosqo is chairman of the committee in charge of planning the senior parade. Dick Cisne Will Play For Mixer Tonight Dick Cisne and his orchestra, from the University of Illinois, are slated to furnish syncopation for the regular mixer tonight in the Union ballroom. Cisne has played for mixers before and is known by many of the students. Admission for the mixer is set as usual at $1.00 per couple and the hours are from 9 until 12 p. m.
Two picked varsity squads will hurl their evenly-balanced strength against each other in this Gimlet Club sponsored preview of the material Coach Mai Elward has groomed to take ca're of grid competition facing the Boilermakers
Glimpse Secret Plays
As avid football fans fill RossAde Stadium, they will have their first glimpse of secret plays devel oped in closed practices. Immedi ately after the contest the teams will once more retire behind the fence of the practice field and not issue out into public gaze until the
Butler game.
The Golds will have a slight ad vantage, if any can be given. Both their “rosters will be made up of many of last year’s regulars and juniors but the Blacks will have men from the sophomore class, who are as yet of unproven ability. Balanced Teams Both of the lineups have been juggled back and forth until as near a balance in team strength as is possible has been achieved. Cody Isbell is the only one whose name has disappeared from the list in the course of picking the teams. He will be unable to see action because of
a minor injury.
Tickets are twenty-five cents and can be purchased from any Gimlet
member.
Pheasant Season Longer This Year Students longing to shoulder a gun and trudge out in search of game will be glad to learn that the pheasant season, opening Noven^ber 10 will last for four days instead of three this year. According to V. M. Simmons, the commissioner of the department of conservation, the limits confronting the bird hunters consist of a daily bag limit of two birds and a possession limit of four birds.
Frosh Writes Monif Says, F Need Money, Work OmDad^
The following letter, presumably written by a freshman, was picked up near the Union Building, where it had been mislaid with a freshman Bible and a much-thumbed schedule of classes: “Dear Mom; Well, here I am in college. Mom. A couple of more days and it will be a week that I’ve been here, and you don’t need to worry about me because I’m getting along swell, see? I eat vitamins and fresh air and go to Church regular every Sunday like you said and use a clean Jiandkerchief and work hard, so don’t keep on writing that stuff, because I’m doiiilg all of it, see? What I mean, I can take care of myself. Mom. “1 can see one thing right now, and that is that Dad hasn’t got any idea about college. I mean, about money and such stuff. You’ve got
to work on him, Mom. You know how I mean, like you used to about getting the car and such stuff? “It costs an awful lot to buy the books. Mom. Dad hasn’t got any idea about how much it costs to buy books. Of course, I don’t spend all of my money for books, but there’s eats and street car fare and stuff like that. What I mean, could you get Dad to send me more money? What I mean, Dad is a real guy, see, and I don’t want to let him down by his son not living up to his style, see? “I sent my laundry home, and will you sew a button on the shirt and do something about my sock? It’s the left brown one, and there’s a hole in the bottom of it. “So don’t worry about me, because I’m getting along swell and don’t get homesick or anything. Your son, P. S. I’ll be home next Sunday.”
Walters To Talk At Exponent Smoker Dr. J. E. Walters, director of engineering personnel at the University will present a short talk on the value of extra-curricular activities at the annual Exponent smoker tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 in the Memorial Union ballroom. These smokers have been designed to show the freshmen the special value of college journalistic training, and interest them in Exponent work. Dr. Walters will illustrate his talk with graphs and charts. ' Edflowing Dr. Walters talk, the staff members will give the freshmen a chance to sign up for the various staffs—editorial, business, co-ed, and sports. Elliott Presents Scholastic Trophy To Pi Kappa Phi's To Pi Kappa Phi fraternity. President Elliott yesterday awarded the Munro Trophy for the fraternity maintaining the highest scholastic standing throughout the preceding year. Unique about yesterday’s presentation was the fact that each member of the winning team was from a different school, which President Elliott pointed out showed the equal difficulty of maintaining a high average in the various schools. Created By Professor Created by Professor Munro of the mechanical school, the Munro Trophy is competed for by teams, chosen from any school, by the fraternities. The plaque is kept by the winning fraternity one year, unless an organization wins it for three succeeding years, then the house has permanent possession of the award. So far Delta Alpha Pi is the only fraternity to have won an all-time award, although Phi Kappa Psi runs a close second, having obtained the plaque twice. Last year’s winner was the Delta Tau-Delta fraternity. Winning Teams Members of the winning Pi Kappa Phi team are: W. E. Catterall, R. P. Munro, J. S. Brown, E. G. Bruington, L. L. Lyles. The team won with an average index of 5.42. Runners-up were as follows: Phi Gamma Delta: R. W. Loehr, J. M. Baker, J. A. Kany, W. J. Sanders, and D. A. Morrison. Average, 5.33. Sigma Chi:'R. F. Royster, W. A. Hart, C. Langeworthy, W. H. Mytinger, and M. E. Estey. Average, 5.31. Delta Tau Dmta: E. G. Greber, J. D. Baker, W. H. Shipley, H. P.^Fishburn, and J. R. Favorite. \ Average, 5.30. Phi Delta Theta: W. C. Musham, G. R. Guthrie, S. C. Jones, W. P. Berg, and D. Butterfield. Average, 5.23. Carrick Named Member Of Exposition Committee Prof. C. W. Carrick, head of the University poultry department, has been named) as a member of the advisory committee for the first annual Midwest Poultry Exposition to be held at the International Am-
¥
phitheater in the Union Stock Yards in Chicago, October 15 to 19. Headed by Hobart Creighton of Warsaw, president of the State Poultry Association, the advisory committee includes a number of poultry educators and heads of poultry organizations from midwestern states.
EXPONENT WORK SCHEDULE
Exponent workers for this afternoon and tonight will include: Bailey, night editor; Olson, issue editor; Schroeder, stooge; Frederick, Tafel, JV^ueller, Estey, and Kroeplin, sophomore workers. Work will start at 1 p. m. —BROCK.
Student Senate To Seek Indiana Game Hpliday^ Discusses Smoking Tradition
Proposal Would Make Automatic Penajty Days Friday, Monday By a unanimous vote the Student Senate agreed yesterday afternoon to ask President E. C. Elliott for a half-holiday on the morning of November 20, day of the Purdue-Indi-ana football game. Senate President Rohyans appointed J. H. Jacobi, Ch. E. ’39, W. Feldman, Sci. ’39, J. R. Keck, P. S. E. ’39, and Frances Raebig, H. E. ’40, as a committee to see President Elliott. Declaring Saturday morning a half-holiday would automatically make the preceding Friday and the following Monday penalty dates, as governed by University regulations. Plan Cord Day Another committee, of P. W. Eckstein, M. E. ’39, chairman, J. E. Kessel, E. E. ’39, and R. E. Insley, E. E. ’40, was named to make plans for a senior parade at the Butler football contest next Saturday and to arrange for a senior section of seats at the stadium. The day of the Butler game was voted by the Senate as official “Cord Day.” RohyariS appointed P. T. Cooper, M. E. ’40, chairman, G. E. Sears, Ag. ’40, R. I. Schumacher, P. S. E.^ ’39, and J. L. Taylor, Ch. E. ’38, to dssist the faculty committee on convocations selecting speakers and artists for programs and in conducting the convocations. To Work On Broadcast H. F. Fischbum, Ch. E. ’40, chairman, F. C. Ahrens, C. E. ’39, Ruth Hall, Sci. ’40, and H. J. Rayle, Sci. ’38 were selected to work on the Purdue broadcast over the NBC Blue network for October 8. Rohyans appointed Insley and Sears to keep the Senate constitution in good shape during the coming year. 'Passports' Issued To 2,0(10 Students Approximately 2,000 students called for their new student identification cards at the athletic ticket office yesterday according to an imofficial report. The remainder of the students may obtain their passports by calling for them at the ticket office today and next week. Those yv^ho registered Monday may expect to obtain passports right away, while those who registered on Tuesday and Wednesday may obtain their’s the first of next week. Bound in glistening celluloid, the passport is graced with the bearer’s picture, name, address, and phone number. Attached to the passport are eight coupons which are to be exchanged for reserved seats at certain football games and the conference basketball games. Also upon presentation of the passport, the owner is entitled to admission to the lectures and convocations, the Memorial Union, the Student Health Service, and all athletic contests except swimming meets. For use during the second semester, the passport must be validated by the University cashier at the beginning of the second semester. YWCA Invites All Co-eds To Attend Vesper Service Y. W. C. A. members are inviting all co-eds to a vesper service Sunday afternoon at 2:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. The meditation period will be in charge of Dorothy Goan, while the remainder of the program will include a piano solo by Sylvia Zussin and vocal music by Jo Friend.
Campus Started Smoking Custom Revival Last Fall Nearly one year ago, 13 organizations, representing the majority of the students on the campus, started a concerted drive to put new life into the NO SMOKING tradition. These leaders had hoped to accomplish something on this campus that would be unique with American colleges and universities—to make the campus free from student smokers. Student carelessness in littering up the campus, and the danger to the older building were cited as concrete reasons for upholding this tradition. Student leaders hoped, however, that the student body would respond in the spirit that it was a sacred, worthwhile tradition. The original tradition provided that there was to be no smoking anywhere on the campus. The student body later took this over and altered it so that smoking was allowed on the back drive from back of the Physics Building to Grant street. The future of the tradition is now in the hands of the committee appointed by the Student Senate. Hockema To Represent Al Boston Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, will leave tomorrow to represent the University in a conference on “Disti'ibution” which will be held in Boston, Mass., Monday and Tuesday. Many national figures in public affairs will be present at the meeting, including James Roosevelt, executive assistant to, and son of President Roosevelt. Tlllotson Member Of Party Exploring Grand Canyon Mitchell R. Tillotson, C. E. ’08, and now superihtendent of Grand Canyon National Park, is a member of the scientific party that is exploring the Shiva Temple plateau in the Grand Canyon. The Shiva Temple has never before been explored, and the expedition is attempting to substantiate the theory that there is wild life present there; life that has existed since pre-historic days.
Prexy Rohyans Cites Dissatisfaction With Enforcement Laxity Smoking on the University grounds again holds the undergraduate spotlight as Student Senators debate the desirability of setting aside certain campus walks for cigarette and pipe users of or annulling the “No Smoking” tradition entirely. Exploding the smoking issue before the Senate at its first session yesterday afternoon President Rohyans stated that general dissatisfaction and lack of observance of the tradition made modification practically necessary. He emphasized that, whatever stand is taken, the administration of the University has promised to back the Senate in enforcement of its rulings. Appoints Committee Rohyans appointed a committee, with himself as chairman, of M. D. Barrows, E. E. ’39, R. B. Davis, Ag. ’38, L. A. Rieth, C. E. ’38, R. I. Schumacher, P. S. E. ’^9 and Mary Townsend, H. E. ’39 to make a survey of the campus with considerations for establishing smoking areas. Meeting at 1 o’clock this afternoon in the Senate office and^ probably again tomorrow and Monday, this committee will prepare a report for presentation to the Senate Tuesday night. Rohyans indicated that the organization will take definite action at that time. To Meet With Faculty Rohyans is attempting to arrange a meeting of the Senate committee jpn smoking with the University faculty committee on Monday afternoon for a joint discussion of the situation. The Senate merely discussed campus smoking yesterday afternoon and no attempt was made to settle the issue. Rohyans pointed out that the tradition could be enforced as it is, that smoking could be allowed only on certain walks, o:^that it could be permitted anywhere on the campus except in and near the entrance of University buildings, where smoking is prohibited by order of the board of trustees. Grad Manages 111 Grounds Henry E. Pearson, formerly of Purdue, and for three years engineer at Bedford, has been appointed superintendent of building and the grounds at Indiana University.
Co-edKneedsHelp, Finds Doc Miller With Electric Heater
Dr. Sayers J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service and the chief swab pusher of the outfit, Jlias a lot of fun in his own quaint way. Pity the poor co-ed who waited yesterday until time for class for Dr. B. Rose, then mournfully limped into Dr. Miller. “Come in, come in!” Dr. Miller seems so encouragingly hearty at times. The co-ed followed him into the consulting rooms—and saw a half dozen eds with sticks up their noses. “But Doctor Miller,” murmured the co-ed worriedly, “it’s my knee!” “It’s her knee, boys,” sang out the affable physician. The engineers with colds sneezed interest. The coed went modest. Dr. Miller turned a chair so the co-ed had her back to the men, to examine her knee—then attached rubber sheathed wires to the injured limb. “Put this plhg into that socket,” commande*d Doc. This stunt was making him happy. The co-ed was squirming uncomfortably. (
“This treatment would c^t you $10 at a clinic. Why this is^ $500 machine—the latest and most modern from the Hanovia company. Electric treatment cures anything— charleyhorse, bruises, aches, stiff joints, rheumatic) conditions—just turn it on!” His patient squealed as she felt warmth surrounding, then pene-* trating her leg. After adjustment of more dials on the highly polishod wood cabinet she had the proper amount of current around her leg. Every attachment was insulated thickly. The pads on her leg were soft. No discomfort at aU. Dr. Miller looked after another , dozen patients before he turned off the apparatus. The co-ed came oui^ of the pleasant lethargy firom the warmth. “Yes, better than the sun,.because you can regulate the heat,” quipped Dr. Miller, proud of his pet machine, as he *waved his pl^ed patient out. Back into his offiee, “Nice logs, boys!”^ J ? tji f <r'« ^ t* \ I ;>, . V . , ^ V " A - 4 ^ J ' % ' 1 ■■ t , t ^ ,) " < < ' I, ' 'f
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, September 18, 1937
the Purdue
J Exponent
Founded in 1889
RBPRBSBNTED FOR NATIONAk ADVBRTISINO BY
MEMBER ^sociated ®bUcBiatc MAEMSOH WISCONSIN
Nfitional Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 MADISON AVE. New York. N. Y. CHfCAGO • BOSTON • SaN FRANCISCO Los ANoIlES - PORTLAND • SEATTLE
Editorial Phone 5037 OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Business Phone 5038
Lafayette, Indiana
Campus Subscriptions $3 per year
Mail Subscriptions $3.50 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion
BUSINESS MANAGER
D. C. Miller
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Entered ap second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session.
Editorial Staff MANAGING EDITOR
,.J. E. Brock
Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MGR-
J. P. Girard
ASSOCIATE EDITORS .. D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS - R. H. Dyer, M. S. Estey, L C. Farquhar, G. W. Fredericks, K. C. Houston, R. E Insley, W. A. Kroeplm, G. Mueller, D. L. Olson, D. Paarlberg, J. W. Richey^ G. T, Tafel, D, G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson.
Local Advertising: Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MGR R. R. Hensler SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS E. A. Antonmi, W. A. Beman, V. R. Daugherty, H. R. Gingher-
Co-ed Staff CO-ED EDITOR Elizabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee. SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS Mary Davis, Patricia Heine, Patricia Henry, Alice Martens, Yvonne Price, Mildred Ross, Emily Sawdon, Georganne Schilling, Helen Steffee, Kathryn Thrasher, Betty Wickard, Joan Wimborough.
Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER M. C. Reeves SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS . W. F. Berg, R. L. Lippman, O. E. Lorenz, W. E. Smith.
Sports Staff
SPORTS EDITOR R. F. Obenchain
J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald,
ASSOCIATE EDITORS
B. D. Witwer.
SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS G. W. Breuer, C. W. Brown, J. Collins, W. H. Murray, W. F. Qualls.
Let’s be gay while we may And seize love with laughter, I’ll be true long as you, But not' a moment after. Found on Alpha Chi Bulletin Board.
Those Heavilon tower kissing games are on again. Latest victim was Carl Sadler, Pi (K) Phi cor<Jwearer, who had to do the deed on account of a pin-pushing bet. Brother Jack Swinney kept his pin off a sweet Carolina babe just for the privilege of picking out a co-ed for Sadler to kiss.
EXPONENT PLATFORM
1. Improvement of student housing conditions. 2. Promotion of student hpnesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods.
of trustees has ordered that no smoking be permitted in any campus building and President Elliott has repeatedly reminded the faculty of this ruling, but still certain professors and instructors continue to smoke— and will continue to smoke.
“No Smoking” Tradition Cannot Be Maintained
Again the question of to smoke or not to 5moke on the University campus comes to the ore—but this time in rather a different light. All previous campaigns by student organizaions have worked toward maintenance of the “No Smoking” tradition. This year the Student Senate is prepared either to permit smoking only on specified walks or perhaps to abolish the tradition altogether.
A letter to Senate President Dan Rohyans from the National Student Federation of America states that a staff survey of smoking on American campuses revealed only two colleges with situations similar to Purdue’s. Bates College in Lewiston, Maine, permits smoking only on certain walks, and Wheaton College of Wheaton, Illinois, forbids smoking at any place on the campus—but Wheaton also prohibits dancing, card playing, and drinking.
Overheard Between Frosh Co-eds “So you went for a walk with that floriculture student. How was he?” “Oh, a little rough around the hedges!” A student at the University of Maryland named his girl “appendix” because it cost so much to take her out. . . . And a wit at Michigan adds “because she is so useless anyway and apt to be a pain in the at times.”
A goldfish is a curious guy, Who burps beneath the water. If he should read Miss Emily Post, He’d find he shouldn’t oughter.
Backing the Senate is the administration of the University, willing to assist in the enforcement of Senate rulings through fines and expulsion from school. Heretofore campaigning groups have used the school spirit appeal in persuading students to observe the smoking tradition; haphazard conformity was the result. No halfway measures will prevail after the question has been settled this time. The Senate also has the option of upholding the tradition as it is, but if it takes this line of action the tradit jon will no longer be a tradition, but a University regulation and enforced as such.
Last year’s campaign to uphold the “No Smoking” tradition was the strongest in Purdue history; almost every organization on the campus aided in the drive; the Exponent backed the tradition through both news and editorial columns, the Independent issued an “extra” on the beginning morning of the campaign, and many students asked smokers to desist. Smoking on the campus abated but was by no means eliminated.
Forbidding smoking entirely on the campus is similar to enforcing Prohibition— there is not enough favorable sentiment to support any tradition to that effect, and any such ruling can be enforced only by fines and expulsion, if at all. Undoubtedly, some students would have to be kicked out of school if the ruling were put in effect.
What, Where, When?
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Copr. im by Vnltcd Fralnro Syndlcutc, Ine., *4,—
“Can’t say yit to what I attributes my great age—^there’s sev- ' eral testimonial fellers a-dickerin‘ with me!”
An “Anti-Corsage League” formed at the University of the South at Sewanee claims a membership of 75 per cent of the student body. The organization’s men will not dance with women who Wear corsages.
By Sally McKee May we disagree with Emily Post? We’re going to try it on the basis that society differs here from that in New York among the “400.” Mrs. Post says that a business call must never be considered an introduction to either party. This is piobably a good idea in society where one may not wish to recognize another whom he is forced to meet on business. But at Purdue we all want to know one another and make acquaintances. If we were not to admit as introductions associations in class and lab, or talks with instructors or organization advisors, how few people some of us would know. Let us not take these printed commands from etiquette advisors to apply literally to all situations.
Faculty members present another problem in deciding the issue. The University board
The best solution is probably to prohibit smoking only in designated campus areas and within a certain distance of University buildings—but, in our opinion, these rd^rictions must be few if they are to be enforced rigidly.
Collegiate
By Mary Cooley
People are more healthy and vivacious with their hair cut short, says M. Kershaw Walsh, associate professor of psychology at the University of South Carolina.
The professor declares that a person is in much better physical condition when his head is closely cropped because the general capacity to endure is weakened when the hair is long. It has been definitely shown that long hair saps strength by the draining of vital material in the form of oil from the body.
94,000 miles is quite a distance to travel for a college degree. George Barr, a civil engineering student in Carnegie Tech night school, will have traveled a distance equal to four times around the world if and when he receives his bachelor of science dqgiee six years from last June. Barr lives in Steubenvill^ 0., 36 miles from Pittsburgh, and is working by day in a steel mill at Follansbee, West Va. He has traveled to Pittsburgh three or four nights a week for the l^st six years, a total of about 49,000 miles. ^
In another year he will have his engineering certificate; five years later he will get his degree. These
plans will require approximately 45,000 miles of travel, he calculates. H- ^ ^ ^
The town council at Stornaway, Scotland, was mad at the mo&n in June. It hadn’t shone for a spell, so the street lighting bill went up IQ per cent. Careful of their “saxpences” the thrifty Scots turn the street lights out when the moon shines bright on the northern islands. It’s a cinch that “Turn Olf the Moon” was no Scotchman’s idea! * * * * When the Terre Haute Board of Public Works closed four blocks of downtown city streets, which are to be transformed into campus, another chapter was added tc( the unique history of the state and city co-op-eration in the development of Indiana State Teachers’ College. The streets, bordered almost entirely by college property, are situated two blocks from the heart of the city. A WPA project is pending for the transformation of the several streets into campus lawns and the demolition of a nearby business block which was a private gift to the college. Rivalry between “town and gown,” which is apparent in many of the seats of colleges, has been non-exis-tent evidently since 1865, when Terre Haute raised $50,000 to outbid other Hoosiei cities for the location of the new teacher-training institution. In 1888 the city raised another $50,000 to match a double apiount appropriated by the state to rebuild, the institution after it Jiad b^n wiped out by fire.
“If you have a Phi Beta Kappa key and a nickel, you can always get a cup of coffee.” Miami University’s practical Professor Vatter sounds a sour keynote.
Last Times Today ‘Accusing Finger’ with Marsha Hunt Paul Kelly
Buck Jones
“Boss Riders of Buck Creek”
mm-
— LAST DAY — WILLIAM BOYD
‘Hopalong Rides Again’ —and— SCOTT COLTON JEAN ROGERS
“The Wildcatter”
SUNDAY — MONDAY CLARK GABLE MYRNA LOY
“PARNELL”
LAST DAY—
ROIERT TAYLOR MARY CARLISLE — Plus —
GRANT RICHARDS KAREN MORLEY
‘ON SUCH A NIGHT”
COMING SUNDAY SPENCER TRACY LOUISE RAINER
in ‘BIG CITY”
TODAY ONLY
A GALAXY OF STARS Presenting lA VARIETY entertainment!
ONiSieflAGE
hAid
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE lliSO “THE QUITTER”
Starting Sunday DOUBLE FEATURE
The tickling story of small-town folks!
“THE QUITTER”
He stood the old town on its ear and made ’em gasp with his new ideas!
with
Wm. Bakewell
Emma Dunn
Chas. Grapewine
■ PLUS —
in Warner Bros.’ new romantic bit,
It’s Everything You Want It to Be!
Latest News Events
TTClll^AY Chester Morris in “Flight from Glory’ and “The Prince and the Pauper”
Pl^E RlMf
FOU-I®*
ORVILLE VAN SICKLE “The Clarinet Marmalade Boy”
DREAM BOAT TRIO Syncopatin’ Swanee Singeys
WINNIE and JINX Goofy, But Great Dancing GirFs
WALTER TREACHLER The Guy That Gets Rhythm From Bottles
ROY CHILDS A Dancing Mountaineer
ROY WARD Slappin’ the Bass
CLEO—ZEBE—MAGGIE you Guess?
BUDDY “NERO” McDOWELL He Fiddles While You Burn )
ADMISSION
11:30 to 1:00—All Seats
25c
1:00 to 5:00—All Seats
—30c
— After 5:00 —
Main Floor
40c
Balcony
30c
Children, AIJ Day
16c
— On the Screen — Jean Rogers William Gargan
‘REPORTED MISSING”
COMING
SUNDAY TyroifePower in "Thin Ice" |r ^ ’?r
It
Saturday, Sept^tnber 18,1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Elward Addresses Football Aspirants At Frosh Meeting “You’ll run up against some real competition here. You may have been a big football star in the home town high school, but you’ll have to really show something to make good here.” Thus head football coach Mai Elward addressed the 120 freshman football aspirants who attended the first frosh grid meeting of the season last night in Stanley Coulter Hall. Coach Elward, who opened the meeting, next introduced the freshman coaching staff. Head freshman coach Burnham, his assistant, Bill Upton, line coach “Red” Mackey, and the new wrestling coach ;^ho AyjlJ help with the frosh gridmen, Reeck, addressed the meeting. Before leaving, each freshman was required to fill out a form giving his previous experience and other information, to be filed for future reference. Coach Burnham will be c8mpetently aided in his job of bundling the 180 freshman gridders the next few weeks. In addition to his assitant, Bill Upton, who was a varsity ihan last year and is back this year taking post-graduate work, and Mackey and Reeck, Voinoff, March, McSheehy, and Trabucco wil assist.
“WARD MANAGERS WANTED Anyone interested in being ward athletic manager come to the intra-mural office in the Memorial Gymnasium at the earliest possible date.
Seniors ^ij| Parade, Boy Scouts Will Look On, When Boilermakers Meet Butler • Next Saturday’s 1937 football opener will find the Boilermakers facing their oldest rival, Butler, in the athletic attraction of the annual Boy Scout Day. The Bulldogs, undefeated last year, will match strength with the untested Purdue team in what will mark the golden anniversary of Boilermaker football. Just fifty years ago this fall Purdue football history began when the Boilermakets were dropped, 48-6, by a veteran Butler team at Indianapolis. Before the kickoff, the seniors will treat the * spectators to the traditional corduroy parade, at which time the ’38 grads will be’permitted to exhibit their much prized yellow cords as well as assorted derbies. When and if the Boilermakers score their first touchdown, tradition demands that the derbies shall be tossed high, wide, and to the winds. In. commenting on the game, Mai Elward, acting head coach said, “It would be foolish to attempt to make predictions regarding a team that has lost the three center men in the line plus halfbacks like Drake and 3talcup. We have to rebuild both our line and backfield, and only competition will tell the tale.” With veterans and last year’s reserves expected to dofiriw^te the starting lineup, one of the likeliest combinations would include Don Powell and James Zachary, ends; Captain Martin Schreyer and CleAi Woltman, tackles; Woodrow Knorr and Andy Grant, guards; Paul Humphrey, center; Cody Isbell, quarterback; Cecil Isbell, left halfback; Bob Selby, right halfback; and Tony Juska or Tony Ippolito, fullback.
It's Not Accidental
That the
74moiL (^apds/dcL Has Good Food
The food is prepared in the “Spic and Span” kitchens by the best women cooks, and is supervised by one of the finest dietetians. It’s no accident when you sit down to a fine meal — it’s the result of careful planning. You’ll always enjoy a meal at the Cafeteria. The prices are moderate too.
JhsL ^a^id^dcL
Tailor
sparrendahl Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
'Tackle Twins' Apt To Capture Fancy Of Football Fans Purdue has had more than it’s share of “touchdown twins,” but this year’s “tackle twins” are more than apt to capture the fancy of the fans. Sixth Year In Capt. Martin Schreyer and Clem Woltman, South Bend, pals who will be playing their sixth year together this fall, the Boilermakers possess a pair of rugged tackleg who are expected to rate with the country’s best during the coming season. The Boilermaker veterans have a lot in common. Both waver between 215 and 220 pounds, and stand well over six feet^tall, Possessing speed that belies their bulk, they are frequently the first men down the field under puntg, and are cat-like on their feet on defense. Opening holes on offense, their blocking has been a big factor in enabling Boilerpiaker backs to fgtten their ground gaining averages in the past two seasons. Same Age Even when it comes to age, there is little difference between the two. Woltman was born on December 4, 1915, and Schreyer first saw the light of day only three days later. Their football careers started together as juniors at South Bend Central high school, where Schreyer was an outstanding center for two Reasons and Woltman alternated between end and tackle. The only real difference in their paralleling careers comes in their choice of course, for Schreyer is a senior in the school of science, while Woltman is a senior in the school of physical education. There may be plenty for the Boilermaker coaches to worry about in rebuilding the forward wall, but the worry takes a detour at the tackle sign.
Exponent Sporis Staff Issues Call For New Men; Meeting Monday At 4:30 Sophomores, freshmen, and transfer students desiring to go ouj; for the Exponent sports staff will have an opportunity Monday afternoon at 4:30 p. m., at a meeting in the Scrivener room of the Purdue Memorial Union Building. Sports work on the Exponent consists mainly of covering and writing up practices and games of the Purdue athletic teams, as well as planning and making up the daily sports page. Personal acquaintances with the coaches and stars ip the various sports will be one of the rewards of the work. During the freshman year the student usually spends two evenings a week on the paper, and during this year gains training to fit him for the more responsible sophomore positions. At the end of the sophomore year, a staff member becomes a candidate for one of the three associate sports editorships to be filled by the Exponent electoral board. Again at the end of the junior year elections are held, and the sports editor, who has complete charge of the page, is chosen.
When the registrar at the University of Montana suggested an “excellent course in foreign relations” to a' Chicago applicant, the fellow answered: “I ain’t interested. All my folks live right here in the United States.”
A sensation was created by Wesley Rutz, freshman at the University of New Mexico, when he installed his radio transmitting and receiving set on a bicycle and sent and received messages successfully.
Finding it easier to swallow his pride than an unchewed steak, the fellow who lost his false teeth at the Yale University prom finally answered the ad run by the dance committee and called for his plates.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
— Hardware ■— EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN — Bookstores — “DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER — Florist — Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality ^Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050 ' cxark's FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432 PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701 DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vz Vine West Lafayette 8. Phone 4965 Confectionery Try Some oi Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts.
— Printing
SUDDEN -ORINTING SERVICE Wr^ OflSce Stationery . B Wedding Invitations Sales Books, Etc. PHONE CASSEL’S 2628 408 FERRY — Shoe Repair —— BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Jewelry
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, ^ but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
Boilermakers Build Roads, Rivefrfiaul Ice To Keep In Trim Work with a highway construction gang if you want to be in shape for football. That may not be tjie opinion of physicians, but it’s evidently the belief of the University’s football players, aware of .the severity of this fall’s schedule, who reported for opening drills in topnotch physical condition. Seven of the 20 major lettermen on the Boilermaker sqUad helped build highways during the summer months, while the others spent profitable and healthy summers at jobs ranging from unloading ore at a steel mill to lifeguards and ice men. Martin Schreyer, 218-pound tackle and captain of the 1937 squad, worked in the steel mills at Sharon, Pa., unloading ore trucks, while Cecil Isbell, versatile halfbaick, spent the summer as a lifeguard. Cody Isbell, quarterback, was on the road gang. Others who worked on road construction gangs in various capacities were George Spehn, end; Joe Mihal, tackle; Bob Selby, halfback; Lowell Decker, halfback; and Andy Botney, end. * Jim Zachary, end, did a lot of hiking and running a transit as a member of a surveying crew, while Joe Fitzgerald, 195-pound tackle, emulated Red Grange by delivering ice. Riveters The fullback “Tonies,” Ippolito and Juska, bucked rivets on a railroad construction gang, and claim that’s the only way a Boilermaker should stay in trim. Big Bill Vergane, towering 238pound end, worked on a railroad crew, and Basil Petry, center from Terre Haute, worked in the engineering^ department of a factory. No njatter what methods the players chose, all seemed to profit physically, for the stiff opening practice sessions have found them all at top speed and eager for more. Indiana Bewails Poorest Football Turnout Durmg Recent Years; 37 Report Indiana University campus is in a turmoil at the present time because of the very poor turnout for varsity football this year. At the present time 'only 37 men have reported to Coach Bo McMillin for the coming season—one which promises to be one of the hardest in Big Ten history. This number is the smallest in recent years. Largest turnout was in 1932 when 75 reported for fall practice. From this time until last year the number has always been between 51 and 75. Last year 47 men comprised the squad that gave Indiana her finest record in more than three decades. According to present indications, a policy of many years will have to be broken, forcing freshmen to furnish all opposition for the varsity. In order to induce more men to come out for the team. Coach McMillin has promised to form a “B” team. An entirely separate schedule will be made out for this team, including smaller schools and other “B” teams of the Big Ten. The Hoosiers are going to hold a short practice session today in preparation for the first game of the season. Sept. 25, against Centre college STANDINGS NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. New York 83 52 .614 Chicago . .81 57 .586 St. Louis - ... 75 63 .543 Pittsburgh 73 65 .529 Boston 69 69 .500 Brooklyn 62 78 .442 Philadelphia . . .. 53 82 .391 Cincinnati 53 83 .389 —Results— Boston, 0; St. Louis, 2. Brooklyn, 4; Pittsburgh, 10. New York, 6; Cincinnati, 3. Philadelphia, 2; Chicago, 10. AMERICAN LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. New York 91 44 .674 Detroit . . 81 55 .596 Chicago .... .77 59 .566 Cleveland 73 64 .633 Boston 71 62 .582 Washington „ 64 72 .471 Philadelphia 44 90 .828 St. Louis 41 96 .299 —Results— Cleveland, 4; Boston, 1. All other games rained ovit.*’
wil* a Fielder s Choice Only a fair frosh tnrnoat at the grid meeting last night . . . There are better than 180 nniforms out, but only 120 men showed ap at the gathering . ... That is probably explained, however, by the fact that quite a few of the boys were working and couldn’t get there . . . —^fc— The frosh will start scrimmaging the varsity sometime next week, according to reports . . . They’ll use the same system as in other years . While one freshman squad is giving the varsity a workout another squad will be learning the style of play used by one of our opponents, and will scrimmage the varsity the next week . . . For instance, the first frosh team will learn Ohio State’s style . . . While they’re letting the first string men practice on them, another batch of rhinies will be* learning to play in the style like Carnegie Tech does' . . . They’ll take on the varsity the next week, and so on . . . —^fc— “Doc” Martin is still the only faculty member who thinks enough of his skill with the racquet to pit )iimself against his fellow Simon Legrees . . . Maybe the rest saw his name and got scared out of the notion of playing. —^fc— The turnout for the tennis tournaments has been behind schedule as only 22 freshmen, nine sophomores, seven juniors and four seniors have signed up ... it looks like interest wanes as the years advance ... —^fc— The Cubs held their own yesterday at three and a half games behind the Giants, but they’ll have to do better than that to wind up in anything but second place . . . Luckily they’re six games ahead of the Cardinals, so they ought to be fairly sure of not ending up any lower than second, but it also looks ^ like they won’t win any pennant this year . . . Ancient Herb Book Finds Its Way Into Pharmacy Library Modern pharmacists working with modern devices and specified preparations seldom reflect upon methods of their predecessors of four hundred years ago, striving in ignorance to combat sickness. The ancient herbist, working with roots, barks, birds, and seeds to ci^nquer his contemporary ailments has been an interesting history study of the dean of the pharmacy school, C. B. Jordan. Dean Jordan has pointed out in a recent discussion of ancient medical books that the pharmacy laboratory here is one of the best to assist a person making such a research. Specifically, Dean Jordan points out a book on herbs, written in English, as one of the most interesting. A Danish family settled near Lafayette using this book as a medical guide, and by some means it has finally found its way into the pharmacy school library. Its title is a “herbgarden” or “Materia Medica” and it was written by Henrick Smid in Malmo in the year 1546, and^mblished by Stephan Wellman in 1699. The book describes the various crude drugs used by the ancient herbist, and the methods by which they were rendered into medicines. It also concerns official drugs, their definition, and their distribution into 87 topics.
Pharmacy Dean Charles B. Jordan, who reeommends^ pharmacy laboratory for research, ancient medical books. II
r,-*'
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
WAA Course In Cabin Leadership To Begin
“W.A.A. cabin leadership course will begin Saturday at 2:30 p. m. at cabin for the 25 cent supper may in charge of this group, announced Thursday at the council meeting. This course is limited to sophomores, juniors, and seniors, and is required for all council members who have not previously taken it. Girls who wish to hike to the ^bin on Saturday may meet at the Women’s Gymnasium at 1:45 p. m. Those hiking both to and from the cabin will receive credit. Only laboratory woi’k will be done this Saturday, but the course will include other visits to the cabin at later dates. Tests will be given over the work covered in order to rate A and B leaders. On hiking to the cabin a group must be accompanied by two B leaders or one, A leader. Girls who plan to remain at the sign up in the Women’s Gymnasium.
%
Union Issues Call For Sopbomore Workers Sophomores who desire to enter student union work are invited by Louis Putze, union executive, to attend a meeting -Monday at 4 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. At this time the vice-presidents and other union executives will be introduced and the purpose and function of the student union will be explained. Sophomore assistants will be assigned to one of the vice-presidents and will work under him for several months; during the year they will serve under three vice-presidents in all. Their work will consist of: helping to build scenery, working on the union show, arranging schedules and tournaments for the various game rooms, helping in the mu-
sic room, etc.
At the end of the year they will be eligible for one of'^the positions as vice-president of the student union. Selection of men for these executive jobs is based upon the candidate’s grades, his attitude, accomplishment, perfection of work, and attendance during his sophomore year on the Union staff. Grad Pair Now Threesome Leon Stuenkel and wife, of Chicago, 111., have announced the birth of a daughter. Both parents graduated from Purdue in 1935; Mr. Stuenkel from the electrical engineering school and his wife, the former Eleanor Cooper, from the
economics school.
September 18, 1936— News of the death of one of the most promising students on recent Purdue football teams reached across the country today—Tommy McGannon. The entire country, hopeful that the versatile halfback was on his way to recovery, was greatly saddened by the sudden news. Tokens of sympathy flowed into the campus from all points of the United States. j ! ! Rated according to the quantity of business and ability to satisfy, the new date bureau is steadily gaining ground. One satisfied ed offered his favorable point of view saying, “I did it for an experience and had fun. I couldn’t understand what the gal said, but that’s all right.” ! ! ! Tonight the frosh are being introduced to their first Union brawl. Happy day, when the upper classmen can shave extra close, browbeat the poor new pledges, take their schedule cards, and size up the female freshmen themselves. (It’s all over now boys, with the passports ya know, unless you have a twin brother a couple of years younger!) WAA 'Punch Bwl' To Poview Co-ed Sports Co-eds interested in sports are invited by'W.A.A. to attend a “Pu^ch Bowl” to be given at the Women’s Gymnasium on September 22 at 4
p. m.
Skits of fall sports including hockey, swimming, fencing, riffery, and bowling will acquaint freshmen and other girls new to W. A. A. with the activities of the organization. Kathryn Merritt is in charge of the program. Punch will be served from 4 until 6 p. m. Announcement has been made by Miss Veronica Brady that the meeting will be over by 4:45 p. m. so that Residence Hall girls may at tend the Cary Hall-W. R. H. picnic. Former WBM Annoimer To Broadcast CBS Feature Bill McCord, a former member of the WBAA announcing staff recently promoted to traffic manager for radio station KFDY of Spokane, Wash., will go on the air on a national hook-up this afternoon from 3 to 3:30 p. m. to broadcast a description of the Grand Coulee Dam. Bill’s description will include an ac count of the sights one sees in witnessing the engineering project. The local outlets for the program will be WBBM and WPBM.
McCord’s new appointment as traffic manager of KFDY places him in charge of the routing of all programs going out. of KFDY, and will also make him responsible for all CBS and NBC features enroUte to listeners by way of KFDY. Local Ads TO ADULTS—Two-room furnished apartment, shown by appointment. 511 N. 7th St. Tel. 6391.
FOR SALE—1928 green Nash coupe. Excellent condition. See George Hatfield, 322 Waldron. Phone 66102.
PENNEY’S Make our store your headquarters Latest styles—Good selections At money saving prices
FRESHMEN CAPS Leather Sweatband Taped Seams Unbreakable Visor 39c
pNIOR ^ORDS SUde Rule Pocket Extra Quality 4.49
LEATHER SPORT JACKETS Up to the Miuute Styles Suedes—Plain Grain $5.90 to $10.90 Wool Plaids $2.98 to $4.98
Sweaters A selection you should see. Slipover and one-half Talon fastener front. Coat styles.
Briished Wool—^Worst^ds Shaker Knit
Work Suits
Protect your good clothing during those lab. hours. Hickory stripe, Blue and Greys.
1.49 to 3.98
I'®® and 2'®®
FOR SALE — “Rachel,” a 1929 Ford sport coupe, in marvelous condition. Tires new, motor perfect, splendid upholstery, beautiful finish. Will sacrifice for cash, merchandise or what have you?—H. L. Hawley. Phone 7877.
FOR RENT—Room and board for one student. Large desk in the room. 317 Chauncey. Phone 4311.
STUDENTS — Grab this offer quick. Three brand new portable typewriters for only $15.00 each. Investigate. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. "East Side.
FOR RENT—Large double downstairs room close to campus. 212 Wiggins.
FOR RENT—Room and board. Across from Union Building, 415 State. Phone 6734. Jack Furstenberg.
FOR RENT—Double room, twin beds, $12 each. 214 W. Colum1)ia.
FOR RENT—Student double and single room on West Side. Call 46213.
By granting foreign scholarships to United States citizens, nations which owe us war debts can make a partial settlement, it was stated in a pamphlet published recently by the International Settlement Committee.
Notices
Co-operative Bookstore—Any member of either the Purdue Student Alliance, Purdue Co-operative Association, or Wesley Foundation is eligible to purchase any of the bargains in books at the co-op in the Wesley Foundation. Open from 4 to 6 and 7 to 9 o’clofek. Members may also bring in books to sell. ' —BUCKLES.
P. I. A. Membership Salesmen—■ Please turn in activity cards of new members as soon as they are filled out. —SCHLUNDT.
W. A. A.—Cabin leadership meeting Saturday, Sept. 18, from 2:80 to 6:30 o’clock at the Cabin. All co-eds are invited to go. A group meets at the gym at 1:46. Sign up at Women’s Gym, sorority houses, or residence halls, —SWICK.
Alpha Phi Omega — Meeting; Wednesday September 22, at 7:30 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. All membersi must be present. —MOORE.
Engineering Lectures—Freshman engineers registered in Engineering Problems (G. E. 1) report 8 a. m. September 18 at Eliza Fowler Hall. . —KNAPP.
W. A. A.—Hike to Happy Hollow September 19. Meet at Women’s Gym at 7 :46 a. m. —CAMPBELL.
Delta Rho Kappa—Members must attend a short meeting at 4 p. m. September 21 in
Saturday, September 18,1937
room F of the Memorial Union Building. Important. —CROMER.
M. E. Seniors—Those prevented from registering for M. E. 62, because of conflict, put slip with name and open hours in my mail box before noon, September 20.
Graduate Forum—The first meeting will be September 19 at 6 :30 at Wesley Foundation, 436 State street. Prof. G. H. Graves will lead a discussion on the Sino-.Tapanesc war. —HOW.
P. I. A.—Will the following people please meet at the PIA office, September 20, at 4 p. m.—R. Hughes, J. Rittenhouse, C. Stewart, R. Shinn, R. Heine, Shirley Yonover, Ruth Rengfore, and Juliet Peek. —WELLS and MEYER.
Dolphin Club—Short meeting September 21 at 4 p. m. in Clevett’s office. Every member must be present. —CARR.
P. I. A—All upperclassmen interested in managerial work in P. I. A. activities please meet in the P. I. A. office September 20 at 4 p. m. —WELLS, MEYER.
University Epworth League—Dean fisher will speak on “Fraternities—To Join or Not tS Join.’’ Meeting September 19 at 6:30, West Lafayette Methodist church. —LUDBERG.
P. E. W. Horseback Riding—Classes have been formed in horseback riding as follows: beginners, Monday 1:30, and Wednesdays 2:30 ; advanced, Tuesday 1:30 and Thursday 2:30. Classes begin Monday, September 20. Anyone wishing to join a class should communicate with me at the Women’s Gym. —KNIGHT.
Aprons 48c Cords—senior and other colors with slide rule pocket . ..$2.98 Sweaters $1.98 and $2.98 Shirts (All Colors) .'. 98c and $1.29 Shorts and Shirts each 25c Campus Coats (Champagne and Gray) $6.48
P. M. 32,33,34 and 35 students We have a complete line of very reasonable
shop clothes
Coveralls ! $1.48 Work Shirts 48c Gloves (All Leather) 48c
Freshman
'
,
Pots 39e
— -/ —1
224 MAIN ST.
RELIABLE
CLOTHING STORE
224 MAIN ST.
(jJh^ W£uL? SubAcJubsL JbihsL £xpomnL Jtodaji^!
V