■n___ j__ _ Furdue
Z.185
\ Exponent
Voltime 51, No. 112
Saturday, February 17, 1940
mini Play Here Tonight - Can Beretta Stop Hapac?
Silver Will Address Worship Convocation Tomorrow At 10:30 Dr. Abba Hillel Silver will address the February Convocation for Worship tomorrow morning at 10:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall on the subject, “What Religion Offers a WarTorn Civilization.” At the present time Dr. Silver is the spiritual leader in one of the largest liberal Jewish congregations in America—^The Temple, in Cleveland, O. Dr. Silver has been active in great social movements of recent years. As a member of President Hoover’s Unemployment Relief Commission, he was one of the first advocates of unemployment insurance. Dr. Silver is a member of the National Child Labor Commission, the Commission on Militarism in Education, the American Civil Liberties Union, National Committee, and one of the foremost leaders of the Zionist movement. The speaker spent a year of study abroad in 1932-33 during which time he toured Europe, interviewed Mussolini, the then president of Czechoslovakia, as well as leaders of other countries. He has been a frequent visitor in Europe, Africa and
Asia.
Rabbi Silver is the author of “Religions in a Changing World,” “Messianic Speculations in Israel,” “The Democratic Impulse in Jewish History,” and other works of religious and sociological interest. Music for the convocation will be furnished by the University Choir of 180 voices and the echo choir of 30 voices, conducted by Albert P. Stewart. The two groups will sing the anthems, “Let All the World in Every Corner Sing” by Chapman and “To Thee,^ O Lord” by Kolinnikoff as special numbers. TKE Celebrates Winning Of Scholarship Trophy To celebrate the winning of the National Tau Kappa Epsilon Scholarship Trophy for the year 19381939 Tau Kappa Epsilon, social fraternity, held a banquet last Sunday in the Chapter House. This trophy, which is given to the TKE chapter in the United States attaining the highest scholastic average for the yeaf, was presented by Eber Spence, district hegemon. Dean Martin Fisher, dean of men, addressed the members and guests on, “What Grades Should Mean to the University*” At the conclusion of Dean Fisher’s talk, Leland Winch, chapter faculty advisor, expressed the desire that the Chapter would strive to maintain its present standing. A key was presented to Donald Rowe, last year’s historian for outstanding work. Manufacturers Coining To Ag. Extension Meeting Fifteen prominent manufacturers from eight states plan to attend an important meeting at the University to be held next Tuesday and Wednesday under the joint auspices of the National Manufacturers’ Association’s agricultural committee and the University, according to Director Harry J. Reed of the University Agricultural Extension Ser-
vice.
In addition word has been received from six additional industrialists from four other states indicating they might possibly attend. The meeting, where the current problems of agriculture will be discussed, is expected to attract manufacturers from virtually all the major geographical sections of the nation. Tau Epsilon Phi . . . announces the pledging of Robert Kahn of Indianapolis and Jerry Teplitz of East Chicago, HI.
Boilermaker Cagers Must Win To Insure Conference Lead
Delta Gamma Colony Will Receive Charter Tonight At Banquet Today the eighth national sorority will be installed on campus when Beta Iota chapter of Delta Gamma is presented its charter during a formal banquet to be held in the north ballroom of the Union from 7:30 p. m. to 10 o’clock. Mary Jean Sefton, newly elected president of the chapter, will receive the charter. Pedalion, the local group whose goal for the past three years has been Delta Gamma, was dissolved and reformed as a Delta Gamma colony December 16,1939. Alumnae of Pedalion are returning to the campus for the week-end to be pledged and initiated. Will Initiate 60 Initiation ceremonies for fiftyfour women are to be held at one o’clock this afternoon in the Union. National president Miss Marguerite Winant, vice-president Miss Roberta Abernethy, treasurer Mrs. E. Tiel Smith, province secretaries Mrs. Russel Wildason and Mrs. Wallace Holsinger, assisted by guests from other Delta Gamma chapters will conduct the services. Initiates will be: Mrs. Rochester Baird, Mrs. G. Cable Ball, Miss Margaret Beeman, Miss Margorie Case, Mrs- CarotherS Haywood, Mrs. William Heistand, Mrs. Ira Howe, Professor Muriel McFarland, Mrs. Lynn Miller, Mrs. Frank M. Moore, Mrs. (Continued on page 2) $100 In Cash Awarded Playshop Workers Prizes amounting to 100 dollars in cash are being awarded to a group of Playshop workers in recognition for their work in pushing this year’s season ticket sales over the three thousand mark. The prize winners for the 193940 ticket campaign are as follows: Bernice Beisel, Dick Coleman, Gloria Erickson, Janet Gregor, Chuck Hart, Patricia Heine, Bob Jones, Leonard Lucas, Edward Luedeka, Dave MacMillan, Myra McKee, Harold Martin, Lew Morrison, Ruth Newton, John Oswalt, Jean^ Pray, Calvin Patch, Jane Robinson, Har-
i
old Rodenberg, Seymour Udell, Sam Wells. Miss Beisel had the high for sales, selling a total of
256 season books.
The above winners may call for their prizes at the Playshop offices
in Fowler Hall.
Personnel Sheets . . . may be secured by seniors at the Activities Bureau office, room 356 in the Union. The price for the data sheets is $3.85 for 100 copies, $4.85 for 200 copies. The senior Debris cuts will be used for the pic-
tures.
Teams Will Take Floor At 7:30 In Fieldhouse; Both Quintets At Full Strength For Net Battle
Probable Lineups
Purdue IJosition Illinois Blanken F Eveirs Sprowl .s P Hapac (C) Fisher C... Wukovits Beretta (C) G Drish Yeager.... G Handlon Officials: John Getchell, St. Thomas; Gail Roljiinson. Broadcast: WBAA (Purdue) ; WILL (Illinois). Illinois University’s basketball team, de&aitely out for the “big team’s” scalps, the possessor of the remarkable Bill Hapac, and stilkfighting for a showing place on the conference ladder, has come to town to do battle with Purdue’s hardwood five this evening in the Fieldhouse at 7:30 p. m. II ■'■■■I' I—III I —liM ■iwiMi A comparison of scores puts the
contest in a toss-up position. The Illinois club was defeated by Ohio State, a team that Purdue had little trouble with, and the Illini also had to rally to take Northwestern, another P. U. victim, by two points. However, the Suckers did force the Hoosiers of Indiana to the limit before going down in defeat 38-36, and Illinois didn’t have Hapac playing with them at that time. Indiana defeated Purdue down at Bloomington last week-end by a
fairly large margin.
Beretta vs. Hapac
Tonight’s battle will also be a battle between two of the greatest players, in their special type of play, in the conference. Captain Fred Beretta, qf Purdue, will be on defense, and Hapac, the Illini leader, and holder of the conferencfe scoring record for a single game,
will be on offense. P. U. Must Win
A defeat for the Boilermakers tonight will throw Purdue back on its heels, because seldom has a conference five held a grip on the conference championship with more than two losses. The Boilermakers must face the Illini at Champaign later in this season and also Michigan up at Ann Arbor, not to mention the coming invasion of the Fieldhouse by the Hoosiers,
Illini Is A Team
Bottling up the dangerous Illinois leader isn’t the only problem the Purdue team has to face. The Illini have shown that they can do without Hapac, especially since they did better against Indiana, without their leader, than any other conference cjub besides Minnesota, holder of the only win over the
Hoosiers.
(Continued on page 2)
Star Opponent
Boilermaker Track Squad Journeys To Illini Relays Today Journeying to Champaign this morning to face the dream of the middle west’s track aggregations, the Boilermaker thinlies will compete in the annual Illinois Relays. Coach Herman Phillips, along with trainer Cripe and frosh mentor Homer Allen, took eight of the gold and black runners to the home of the Illini in high hopes of placing
well up in the meet. Boilermaker Squad
The following Riveters will vie for places in the Carnival: Captain Schackleton, mile relay and 300 yards; Holderman, 1500 meters or 1000 yards; Simmons, 300 yards and relay; Anthony, 300 yards and relay; Wente, 300 yards and relay; Tykocki, broad jump; Edwards, pole vault; Stroyeck, hurdles. It is virtually certain that all teams in the Western Conference will participate, plus many nonconference squads; namely, Notre Dame, Michigan State, Marquette, Nebraska, Oklahoma A. and M., and Kansas. Relay precedence dictates that there are two classes of competition, university and college. The above named teams will compete in the former class, while such teams as Butler, Illinois Normal, and other smaller schools will appear in the college class. The outstanding purpose of this classic is to bring together individuals, rath-
er than entire teams.
Holderman Has Chance
Holderman, steller long distance performer, is accorded an excellent chance to capture a berth in his event. He, along with Red Schackleton and Tykocki, are expected to be the mainstays of the Phillipscoached contingent, today. The relay team will be up against the best talent in this sector, an4 though allowed little chance to win, they intend to put forth every effort. Assistant Coach Allen confided that pole vaulter Edwards is fast improving and is expected to duplicate his 'mark in last week’s triangular
meet at Madison.
Irvan Maury
. . . and his orchestra will provide the swing and sway for tonight’s mixer in the south ballroom of the Union 9 till 12 o’clock* Darlene Mahns will be the featured vocalist. Regular price of one dollar will prevail.
College Students Are Against Hazing
By Joe Belden A majority of American college students themselves, even members of fraternities and sororities, disapprove of the good old campus tradition of hazing. It is important to point out that of the 68 per cent who declared they were against hazing, 20 per cent specified that they frowned only on corporal punishment. Harmless tricks, this group declares, are all right. Other practices that many schools have attempted to ban, such as paddlings and electric shocks, however, are not all right. Combining all tsres of students, almost half of them—48 per cent—expressed unqualified disapproval of hazing.
The canvass produced strong evidence that the “popular” initiation customs that have long existed on most campuses are on a decline, showing that there is disapproval even among a majority of members of Greek letter societies which sponsor the annual “hell week.” Nonfraternity men and women were more vigorously against, only 30 per cent approving, as compared with 38 for organized students. Surprisingly enough, a greater number of freshmen — 84 per cent — were for hazing than aU students combined. / “Do ji^ou approve or disapprove of college hazing?” was the question asked by the interviewers of a
Bill Hapac Sterling Illinois forward. Captain Bill Hapac, who has held the sportlight of the nation by having negotiated 85 points in only fonr and a half games and last Saturday set a new individual scoring recqrd in the Big Ten conference by making 34 points against Minnesota’s Gophers.
sample of students so selected that the results represent the total opinions of all college and tmiversity enrollments in the United States. The complete national tabulations are as follows: ABC Approve 32% 38% 30% Disapprove 48 42 60 Disapprove only 20 20 20 of corporal punishment A—r-All students. B—^Fraternity and sorwity members. ' C—^Independent students.
Davis Named Head Of Ent. Conference Professor J. J. Davis, head of the University entomology department, will be in charge of the 19th annual North Central States Entomologists’ Conference to be held on the campus March 21 and 22. General headquarters for the conference, which is expected to attract over 300 entomologists, will be the Union. The two day program will include discussions of requested topics by leaders in the various fields, and a half-day sectional meeting in which prominent commercial operators will participate. The president and several past presidents of the National Pest Control Plant Board will also meet on the campus for a conference. The main theme of discussion will be the present status of grasshopper research. Lab ^roup Portrays Drama Development ^ Six English plays chosen to portray early developments of the stage in England were presented last night by the Playshop laboratory group. The evening’s program opened with the earliest of aU English plays, “A Wakefiell Nativity,” directed by Charles Hart. This was followed by the last scene of Christopher Marlowe's most famous play “Doctor* Faustus,” written about 1588. The production was under the direction of Bill Fall. The third scene, directed by Joe Martin, was from “The Shoemaker’s Holiday,” written by Thomas Decker in 1599. Next came a portion of a light comedy by Sir John Vanbrugh, “The Provoked Wife.” Dick Pittenger was the di-
rector.
The fifth scene on the program, from “The School for Scandal,” was directed by Harold Martin. The play was written by Richard Brinsley Sheridan in 1777. The last production was a scene from a play written by Oscar Wilde in 1892, “Lady Windermere’s Fan,” which was under the direction of Ellen
Kepner.
Fraternities Vote Rough Initiation Cut To 36 Hours Meeting in special session Thursday evening, the inteifratemity presidents’ council took action to lighten the freshman’s part in “Hell Weeks” of the future by reducing the period of rough initiation to approximately 36 hours. The resolutions, which were adopted by an almost unanimous vote are as follows: (1) Fraternity Week shall extend from Wednesday through Sunday. Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday evenings shall consist of constructive mental training of pledges. During this period, the council shall arrange mass meetings, bringing pledges together for intensive instruction in fraternity responsibilities. (2) No rough pre-initiation activities which shall interfere with the studying or sleep of pledges «haTl be held prior te the Friday evening mass meeting. (3) The Fraternity Week banquet shall be held on Sunday evening. (4) Fraternities violating the provisions of this by-law shall be dealt with individually by the council.
/
These rules are interpreted by the council as meaning that Hell Week activities will cease with quiet hours each evening until Friday, allowing pledges the period Drom 7:30 p. m. to 7 a. m. for study and sleep; and that the emphasis will be upon teaching the freshman the meaning of fraternity and of campus traditions, rather than upon physical punishment. Irvan Maury To Play For Campus Varieties Campus Varieties, a program featured by WBAA, will be broadcast this afternoon from the north ballroom of the Union from 3 to 4 o’clock. Irvan Maury and his orchestra will be featured. Vocalists will be Darlene Mahns, Eddie Beardsley, Charlie Powell, and Mary Johnson, soprano. Ed Joyce, accordianist and Ervin Underwood, xylophonist will also participate in the program. Admission to the scene of the broadcast is free. Besides these two regular weekly features, the Carmichael song of the week, which is “April in My Heart,” and the Week in. Review, a new feature will make its appearance. It is titled “Jokes from the Campus.” Although the program is scheduled to begin broadcasting at 3 o’clock, the music will start at 2:39 o’clock.
Discussion Team On WJJD Debaters Forum Today at 2:30 p. m. over WJJD in Chicago, a team of five University students will furnish a round table discussion on the regular program of the Debaters Forum of the Air. The team composed «f Ralph Hultgren, manager, Jean Skinner, William Nash, James McKillip, and Charles Martin will ^scuss the topic, “Propoganda,” which is also the subject of the all campus discussion tournament. Preceding the broadcast, the group will be entertained at the John Marshall Law School and also will be guests at a luncheon given by the Chicago Bar Assedatien. They will return to the campus Saturday evening.
Both WILL and WBAA will carry the game tonight. WBAA wiBgooft the air at 7:16 and WILL will go on at alKmt 7:3% ccMtting in at aiNMl S70 on yomr diaLPUBDtlK EXPONENT
Saturday, February 17, 1940
if;-.
JotmMow 9n, JtuLChWtchsA. Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club Class. Prof. Ted Noss, teacher. 10:30 a. m.—Church Worship Service. Sermon by Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason^ “Who Is My Brother?” ■ 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Fellowship Hour. Lunch, ten cents. 6:30 J). m.—Judge Lynn Parkinson will give the second in a series of addresses on “Youth and Marriage.” Subject, “The Marriage Laws of Indiana.” 7:30 p. m.^—Evening Service. “Does America Need a Revival,” address and forum led by the pastor.
Della Gamma Colony WA Members
Presbyterian and Congregational Students ' Morning Program —; at Central Presbyterian Church, Lafayette. 9:30 a. m.—Student Discussion. “The Ten Commandments” led by Dr. Graves. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Worship— Dr. Graham will speak. Evening Program at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz Street. 5:00 p. m.—Program and Recreation Committee Meeting. 6:00 p. m.—Student Forum. Supper vail be served. The guest speaker is Mr. Roger Budrow, of the Indianapolis Times News staff. Topic: “The Local Color Of a City Daily Newspaper.”
Methodist Students 9:30 a. m.—Dr. Gertrude Sunderlin ■will speak at the Co-ed Class on “The Meaning of Lent.” 9:30a. m.—^Three mens’ student classes will continue on the subjects “The Bible,” “Christianity and Business,” and “Comparative Religions.” 10;30 a. m.—University Convocation. 10:40—Morning Church Service. Dr. Steele will preach on “A Uniting Faith.” 5:00 p. m.—Fellowship Supper with program in chargo of Ray Hauter and Margaret Lingo. 6:30 p, m.—-First of the Christian Living Services. Mr. L. J. Pierce of the West Lafayette Church 'will speak on “Your Life Work.” On Monday, Rev. Merrill McFall of the I. U. Foundation will speak in the second service.
Episcopal Students Ser'vices at St. John’s Church, Sixth and Ferry, Lafayette. Second Sunday in Lent. Holy Communion, 8 a. m. Morning Prayer and Sermon, 10:45 a. m. Topic of Sermon: “Conscience and the Moral World.” Seabury Club. Supper, 6:00 p. m. Program, 7:00 p. m. Dr. Victor Albjerg on “Can Germany Win?”
(Continued frorii page 1)
J. Dwight O’Farrell, Mrs. Katherine Read, Mrs. J. Kirby Risk, Mrs. Philip Rutledge, Mrs. Norris Shreve, Mrs. Joseph Strayer, Mrs. Allison Stuart, and Mrs. Roy Western, patronesses. Martha Watson Baker, June Day Conklin, Joyce Elinor Da'vison, June Heckleman Gardner, Margaret Prances Ide, Margaret Elizabeth Johnson, Margaret Louise Jones, Marjorie . McMillin, Nota Marion Misner, Fay Louise Pendergrass, Freida Sophia Reichers, Mary Margaret Schoonover, Ruth Renfroe Smitt, Elizabeth Stewart, and Martha Whitehead, Pedalion alumnae. Pledge Services Carolyn Ashbaugh, Iris Baumgartner, Bernice Beisel, Jeanne Bucknam, Margaret Chenowethy Ileen DeVault, Nina DeWitt, Anne Henderson, Efrmie Irwin, Marian Johnson, Virginia Keller, Louise Krug, Peggy McMath, Mary Jean Seftony Jean Shake, Naima Smitt, Marie Spicher, Annabelle Teeter, Phyllis Umfreys, and Patty Wolcott, pledges. Pedalion alumnae and patronesses will be pledged at 9:00 a. m. today in the Union. The patronesses, representing faculty and townswomen, -with the local Delta Gamma alumnae, will compose an alumnae association. Founded 1847 The Delta Gamma fraternity was founded January 2, 1873 by Mary Comfort Leonard, Eva Webb Dodd, and Anna Boyd Ellington at The Lewis School in Oxford, Mississippi. Since that time the organization has grown until it now has fifty-four collegiate chapters; four located in Canada make the.fraternity inter-national in scope. Sunday afternoon from three to six o’clock, the new sorority will be introduced to the campus at a reception in the Faculty Lounge of the Union. Riveter's Rassle . . . pictures 'will appear as a special feature “spread” in issue 13 of Collegiate Digest, rotogravure section which ■will be distributed with the Exponent tomorrow.
Personnel Notes
COMPANY: Indianapolis Power and Light Company. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr.. P. W. Ross, Executive Ass’t. - VISITING PURDUE: Tuesday, February 20. INTERVIEWING: Senior EE’s. Those interested sign up before Monday noon.
COMPANY :jiUnion Oil Company of California, Los Angeles, California. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. J. P. Rockfellow, general supervisor of emplojunent and training.
If it s a fight, tkey’re in it! If they’re in it MAN!... that’s a FIGHT!
JAMES CAGNEY as Private Plunkett
PAT
O’BRIII as Father Duffy ,, GEORGE BRENT as “Wild Bill" Donovan
math
JEFFREY LYNN • AUN HALE • FRANK McHUGH • DENNIS MORGAN •DICK FORAN • WHIim Lwdigui. Gninii <Big Boy' Williams
MARS
5 Big Days TO'nflV Starting x
. . . may dance from 3 ’til 6:30 this afternoon to the music of Glenn Miller’s recordings In the south ballroom of the Union. PIA members will be admitted upon presentation of membership cards. Tickets to non-members are ten cents, while cd-eds are admitted free of charge. Boilermaker Cagers (Continued from page 1)
Since 1919, when Piggy Llimbert returned from the ser^vice to direct the Boilermaker hardwood Torces, Purdue has met Illinois thirty-two times, winning 18 and losing 14 of these games.' Purdue will enter the contest in perfect condition, as ■will the Illini. Illinois will be fighting for recognition as a top contingent, and their appearances in the last few games haaftthe remainder of its scheduled teams practicing to “Stop Hapac.” And so the Boilermaker practice of the past week has gone, “stop Hapac.” Names Mean Little Great scorers, like Hapa.c, have never shown much strength against the Boilermaker guards in the past, especially suchr men as Harlow, of Chicago; Bodreau, of Illinois; Vaughn, of So. Cal.; Stephens, of Iowa; Tippy Dye, of Ohio State; and numerous others. And so, tonight’s game will pro■vide.more than a game; it will show Purdue’s defense -at its height against the best offense leader in the conference.
VISITING PURDUE: March 7th. INTERVIEWING: Seniors majoring in Chemistry and Chemical Engineering for training work in the refineries and laboratories. Mr. Rockfellow is also interested in men receiving their Master’s degree for work in research and development departments. Salary for Seniors is $150.00 and for Master’s $165.00 per month. ' Those interested should sign up in the main office of the Chemical Engineering School or the department of Chemistry.
I-M Schedules
BASKETBALL Monday Court 1—Jim Kurtz. 7:00—Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 11. 7 :15—Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 7. 8:00—^Ward 2 vs. 'Ward 42. Court 2—M. Aronson. 7:00—Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 12. 7 :iB—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall''2. 8:00—Ward 25 vs. Ward 10. 8;i5—'Ward 12 vs. Ward 18, Court 8—J. Welsch. , 7:00—Cary Hall 8 vs. Cary Hall 10. ,7:i5—Sigma Alpha Mu'vs. Tau Kap'pa Epsilon. 8:00—Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 8:15—^Triangle vs. Acacia. -Court 4-^P. Smithson. 7:00—Cary Hall 14 vs. Cary Ktall 16. , 7:15-^Ward 8 vs. Ward 89.
Notices
No notices will be accepted Mter 8 p. m. Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in room 303 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, February 20. (.2-20) —KNIPP. Modern Dance Clubs: Both Junior and Senior Clubs, important meeting February 19 at 4 o’clock. All new inemhers must attend at this time. —KNIGHT.
All Purdue Students and Faculty: Christian living discussiohs and talks each evening starting Sunday, February 18, and continuing until Sunday, February 25, inclusive. West Methodist Chiu’ch. —PIERCE.
Gold Peppers: Important meeting in room A of the Union Tuesday, February 20, at 5 p. m. All members are required to attend. —MITCHELL. Purdue Radio Giiild: No meeting this afternoon, February 17, unless you Ore notified by phone. —MILLER.
WSGA May Day Committee: Meeting Monday, February 19, at 4 p. m. in the Student Committee Room of the Women’s Residence Halls. —SCARFF.
Ping-Pong Tournament: See tournament schedule posted in gym. First round must be played off by Monday, February 26. Equipment is available every day from 4 to 6, Mondays and Fridays 7 to 9, and Saturday afternoon. —^HOLDEN.
All Star Volley-ball: Gold and Black teams will play Tuesday, February 20, at 4 p. m. Gold team members are Clymer, captain: R. Walker, Stears, Schroeder, McKnight, Kirkhoff, Kendall, Jones, Stevens, Blank. Black team members are Stickler, captain; G. Walker, Morris. Spry, Metzger, Lee, Ade, Chatfield, Buergler. Those on all star team must get uniforms from gym before Tuesday at 4 p. na. —MORRIS.
Alpha Phi Oniega: Members able to work on housing survey tabulation on Sunday afternoon, February 18, please phone or leave a message for me at Delta Tau Delta house. ■—-LONG.
Prom Committee: Meet in the Independent office Saturday, February 17, at 2:30 p. m. —ROYCE.
Classified Ads
FOR SALB FOR SALJO—^Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
Senior Tactics: War Department training films “Attack” and “The Tactical Employment of Chemical Troops in Attack” will be shown in room 104 of the Armory starting at 4 :10 p. m. on Friday, February 16, and Monday, February 19. These pictures are shown in cpnnection with the course in “Tactics”; attenlance is optional. —THOMPSON.^ Examinations for condition removals in History, Economics and Government: These will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1:00 p. m., room 303, in the Recitation Building. Application must be made in the History office no later than Friday, March 8. —ESTEY.
Math Condition Exams: Examinations for removal of conditions in mathematics will be held Saturday, March 9, in the Recitation building. Report to the instructor who gave the condition before February 18. —HEAD.
English and Speech Conditions: Elxaminations for removal of conditions in English and speech will be held Saturday, March 2, beginning at I p. m. in room 201 of the Education building. —MILLER.
FOR RENT
WANTED-:-Roommates. Two room apartment, bathroom adjoining. Single beds. 157 Pierce, Phone 76634.
Lutheran Students: There will be a meeting of the L.S.A. in room B of the Union at 7:15 Monday, February 19. All students interested are invited to attend. —HALL.
LOST—^Please return Dietzgen slide rule No. 661,461 to owner or to Union Iiost and Found. No questions. Reward.
LOST—Beni exposure meter in Sweet Shop on February 1st. Please call 41652 or return to Union Lost and Found.
CeNE WITH THE WIND
IN TECHNICOLOR
TODAY 10:00 A. M. For night shows all seats are reserved. Tickets are now on sale. Matinees will be usual continuous performances with no reserved seats. Come anytime from 10:00 a. m. up to 2:30 p. m, and see a complete show exactly as shown at its famed Atlanta Premiere. BUY RESERVED SEATS NOW BOX OFFICE OPEN 9 A. M. to 9 P. M. — Phones 6915-6914 — o GOOD SEATS STILL AVAILABLE • NIGHT SHOWS (8 P. M.) All Seafs Reserved $1.10 Inc. Tax SUNDAY MAT. (2 P. M.) All Seats Reserved $1.10 Inc. Tax WEEKDAY MATS. Continuous Not Reserved 75c Inc. Tax While this engagement is limited this production will not be shown anywhere except at advanced prices-—at least until 19^1.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
‘April is your best month for travel, beware of Widows, steel stocks are a safe bet, and I predict he will not run for a third term.”
Delta Rho Kappa: Important meeting Wednesday, February 21, in room A of the Union at 4 p. m. Please be there. —ESTEY.
Reamer Club: Pledge Smoker will be held Monday, February 19, at 7:30 p. m. in the Faculty Lounge of the Union. All actives ■ be there and on time. —EEILEY.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting at 7:15 p. m. Tuesday, February 20, in room 305 of the Union. —CORNELL.
Varsity Baseball: All varsity baseball men report to the fieldhpuse Monday, February 19, at 4 p. m. —FEHRING.
' All Purdue Students and Faculty: Christian living discussion and talks each, evening starting Sunday, February 18, and continuing till February 25, inclusive. West side Methodist Church. —PIERCE.
Freshmen Engineers: Students assigned to engineering lectures will report on Saturday, February 17, by schools as follows: A-E, room 101 Michael Golden Shops; F-Le, room 254 EE Building; Li-R, room 129 EE Building; S-Z, room 201 CE Building. —KNAPP.
Flying Club: The club’s picture for this year’s Debris will be taken at the airport on Sunday, February 18, at 3 p. m. Plfease be prompt. • —KIMBALL.
ARC
Last Times Today -
BobSTEELE
—and— "WITNESS VANISHES' — WITH — EDMUND LOWE
-ALSO-
LUMA —SUNDAY - MONDAY-
Souif
Smiley BURNETTE.
PLUS—2ND FEATURE DUEMM
riKsr Lovi:
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES CHARLES STARRETT in"Sfranger From Texas" — Also — j. EDGAR HOOVER'S "PAROLE FIXER"
STARTS MIDNITE PREVIEW TONITE — GIANT 6 UNIT PROGRAM —
t®a.^
/
mmmm
■M, %
DDCIH,, CHIKIUN
Wi(h DOROTHY LOVETT ROBERT BALDWIN
#2—MARCH OF TIME ON "FINLAND" The Brave Little Nation Defending It's Border
—Fun and Laughs
#5—Popular Radio Quix
DONALD DUCK CARTOON
Program on the Screen
"Donald's Pen(|uin"
"INFORMATION PLEASE"
#4—Musi^ and Comedy
with Guest Star
"TALENT AUCTION"
GENE TUNNEY
— WITH —
IRENE BEASLEY
#6—PATHE NEWS
TODAY—^The Secret Four — PLUS — Kid Nightingale
H'
.r
■w-^'m.
Saturday, Fejbruory 17, 1940
^xfiatmtL Spo^^
Swimmers Clash With Indiana Squad In Field house Pool Today Seeking their first victory in Big Ten competition, Coach Dick Papenguth’s swimming Boilermakers wilh clash with Indiana’s Cream and Crimson tankmen this afternoon at 2:30 in the Fieldhouse pool. Plenty of competition is expected from the visitors, and informed sources predict a close meet. With the' services of Siler lost ,
for the season, and mth Btanner and Harris under the weather, Papenguth is counting heavily -upon points from Captain Graham in the 440 and Kratzer in the 50, 100, and 220. Both men have been consistent winners this season, placing well up in every meet. I. U. After Second Win Indiana will be after its second conference victory of the season, holding a decision over Illinois. Gold and Black rooters are encouraged, however, by the fact that Chicago, who humbled the Riveters last Wedi^esday, also defeated the Hoosiers earlier in the season. As an added attraction, Barbara Cook and LaVerne Herber, divers who are preparing for the national championships, will put on an exhibition after the meet. Patty Aspinall will try for a new record in the 440 yard breast stroke, and Lorraine pemis will put on a free style exhibition to complete the program.
A slum clearance course has been added to the curriculum of the University of California.
pnldafiii. ^hoksi By Robert J. Deckard Violating the principles of good sportsmanship brings disgrace upon an institution and upon the entire student body, and descending to ui?sportsmanlike conduct or action during the course of a basketball game may cause injury to hundreds of peVsons. —^fc— In a competitive game like'basketball, it is necessary for a young man to mobilize, during the course of a game, all ^e skill, courage, and intelligence that he possesses. To do this, there must be a spirit of genuine sportsmanship that will not permit him to stoop to that which is base and mean, in order to secure some advantage over his opponent. —^fc— Tonight Purdue and Illinois, a pair of old rivals, clash in the Field-
D ANCE to HARRY McCrady and his Orchestra SATURDAY NITE — SUNDAY Continuous Dancing Sunday from 3 o'clock till '12:30 INDIANA ROOF BALLROOM Downtown Indianapolis
JhsL fijuAdm, TyUunjouaL CHESTNMT ROOM To Satisfy the Appetites of All LOUNGES For Relaxation We Owe Ourselves gr|ll A Daily Social Center for All BOwQ LI NG To Exercise the Body—Rest the Mind
N
DA|^CES
The Finest Recreation-—*the Finest Ballroom
9i!L yojuAA,!
The Comer of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Riveter Squashmen Will Battle Two Foes Today Tbday at 3 o'clock, the Boilermaker squash racquets team will engage the Dayton Y. M. C. A. in a squash match in the Fieldhouse. Purdue’s team will be composed of: Captain Eberhard, Mprley, Mann, Adams, Blessing, and Munro. McMillan, Bond, Smith, and Eberhard will meet Ferris, Winfield, Knoll, and Clevett of the Lafayette squash racquets club in a match at 2 o’clock preceding the Dayton match. Next Saturday the squash team will journey to Fort Knox, Louisville, Kentucky, where they will meet the Fort Knox officers in a match at 2:30 and ’ the Pendenia Club at 7:30.
house in one of the most important games of the current Western Con;> ference basketball flag chase. The pages of history of the games between these two schools have literally been covered with stories of unsportsmanlike activities . . . and unneedlessly so.
-fc-
Just because we have paid admission to see this game tonight, it does not follow that we should be permitted again to hurl unpleasant epithets and discourteous remarks at both players and officials, and thus disrupt the smoothness of the game which was planned for our enjoyment. —^fc— Tonight we should look at the Illinois team only as a friendly rival, which happens to be guest of the University, and not as a hated opponent. The fact should be stressed that it is unethical, unsportsmanlike, and ungentlemanly for a student or spectator,to express disapproval in
Doug Mills
DECCA ALL-STAR RECORDS 3 for $1.00
jlMMY DORSEY And His Orchestra 2925 Now You Know—FT-VC Do It Again—FT-VC 2961 Cherokee—Inst.-FT A Man and His Drums Featuring Buddy Schutz at Drums
BING CROSBY and CONNIE BOSWELL Vocal Duet 2948 Between 18th and 19th On Chestnut Street Wrap Your Troubles In Dreams Bing Crosby
TONY MARTIN Vocal with Orchestra 2932 All the Things You Are It's A Blue World 2936 Careless Indian Summer
Decca Album Sets VICTOR HERBERT MELODIES from Paramount Picture "The Great Victor Herbert" VOLUME ONE Album No. 38—List Price $2.25 2315 Ah! Sweet Mystery Of Life! Sweethearts Bing Crosby 2316 I'm Falling fn Love With Someone Gypsy Love Song Bing Crosby and Frances Langford 2317 Italian Street Song Florence George and Max Terr's Choristers Selections From "The Fortune Teller" Victor Young, and His Concert Orchestra 2318 Toyland Rudy Valee and Max Terrs Choristers March of the Toys Victor-Young and His Concert Orchestra 2319 Indian Summer (An American Idyll) Yesterthoughts ' Victor Young and His Concert Orchestra
SEARV. ROEBUCK AND CO.
2 North Third St. Phone 4039
Boilermaker Gruntmen Battle Maroons Tonight Following a two day road trip in which they managed to earn an even break in matches with Illinois Normal and Wisconsin, Purdue’s wrestling squad settled down Wednesday afternoon to preparation for the Big Ten engagement with Chicago here tonight. The match will be staged in the Fieldhouse immediately following the conclusion of the Purdue-Illinois basketball game. .All of the spectators at the basketball game will be invited to remain for the wrestling match, which will provide a sample of the type of rapid-fire action that can be expected when the Big Ten wrestling championships are held here the week-end of March 8-9. Beat Normal
. . . young mini basketball mentor, whose netters invade the local Fieldhouse tonight. Doug’s boys have turned into the dark horses of the present conference affairs, and an Illinois victory would bring them into a tie with the Boilermakers.
a vociferous manner of the decisions of an official or an act by a player. —^£c— Making disconcerting noises when an opposing player is attempting a free throw and booing an opponent are the principal faults in unsportsmanlike conduct.. Therefore, every effort should be made by students and townspeople alike to promote good sportsmanship among the spectators and to eradicate any deriding, cajoling, and abusing of the players and officials. —^fc— Ladies and gentlemen, be ladies and gentlemen! Navy Bombers Take Leave
The Boilermakers opened their road jaunt on Monday night when they defeated Illinois Normal, 1913, in a hard fought match. Fredericks, Timms, Aronson, and Rossi all won decisions for Purdue, while Post swelled the total by five points with a fall in the 165 pound class. The Boilermaker lineup for tonight’s proceedings will be much the same as the one that ran up against Wisconsin last week. Coach Claude Reeck will lead off with Fredericks, midwest A.A.U. 121 pound champion, who has been undefeated in four matches so far this season. Lin^erman will battle in the 128 poimd class, Timms and Papurca will take charge of the 136 and 145 pound divisions, Willey in the 165, and Aronson and Rtissi doing the heavy work. Thomas Leads Maroons Chicago will pin its hopes on Captain Thomas, and will stick to the same batch of gruntmen that has carried them to victories in six out of nine meets so far this season. Their record is partly due to a brevity of sophomores that found their way into the Maroon ranks. The Chicago lineup is as follows: Young, 121 pounds; Pyle, 128 pounds; Zafnos, 136 pounds; Thomas,” 145 pounds; Stone, 155 pounds; Jezic, 165 pounds; Moore, 175 pounds; and Weiss or Brown, heavyweight.
Of Airport After Visif Baseball Candidates
Will Report Monday
Late yesterday afternoon three U. S. Navy bombing planes took off from the Purdue Airport and headed north toward their home base in Chicago. These planes are numbered among the many that visit the University during the course of the year. These particular bombers were biplanes of a type used only by the Navy. They are known as dive bombers and carry only one one thousand pound bomb, which is mounted between the retractable
landing gear.
The method of attack used by the planes is to start a dive from an altitude of 10,000 to 12,000 feet and release the bomb at around 2,000 feet. The planes because of the terrific strain developed in the dive are capable of resisting the effect of a force equal to thirteen times the pull of gravity. They develop a speed of 235 miles per hour and carry two passengers.
All candidates for Purdue’s baseball squad are to report to the Fieldhouse Monday afternoon for drill, according to a call issued last night by Coach Dutch Fehring. Fourteen pitchers and six catchers have been working out in the Fieldhouse during the past week under the direction of Freshman Coach “Pop” Doan and Bert Sanders with the assistance of Harry Krause, former Purdue star. The players are anxious to begin the regular season and have to be watched carefully so that over-ex-uberance doesn’t result in strained arms. The Riveters will need all that pep for they face a heavy schedule topped by the encounter with the Pittsburgh Pirates here at West Lafayette.
Military Pugilists End ROTC Boxing Matches Last Night Last evening the finals if the Military departments boxing tournament were run off in the fieldhouse. The fights were attended by about 200 people. There were seven fights, each composed of three 2-minute rounds. Outstanding performer of the evening was Dick Johnson, who won his fight in the first round with a technical knockout. Johnson was easily the outstanding fighter of the tournament. The 175 pound and heavjrweight classes were also stopped before the end of three rounds. Johnny Lander on the 175 pound class when the fight was stopped in the second round. Dick Dilts won the heavyweight division in the same manner in the third round.' Colonel Beere, P. M, S. & T. of the Military Department, expressed the opinion that the boxing dis-; played fine sportsmanship and ef-; fort all the way through. Captain. Larr, officer in charge, was also well pleased, as was Captain Boyle, who has charge of athletics next year. The tournament was planned and conducted by Sergeant “Punchy” Maxwell who was commended by the officers in charge for the efficiency with which things were run off. He', declares that this was the best military boxing tournament so far. The results of the bouts are: 115 pounds—George Baciu, E-4 defeated Ed Bodley, A-1 125 pounds—^Bob Phillips, H-2 defeated Bill Dwyer H-3 135 pounds—Tom Scheurell, H-2 defeated Paul Brady, H-3 145 pounds—Dick Johnson, A-4 defeated Steve Reed, D-4 l60 poimds—^Lewis Wright, B-3 defeated Lyle Osborne, H-3 " 17^ pounds—John Lander, A-1 defeated Charley Wolfe, S-3 Heavyweight—^Dick Dilts, D-4 defeated Ernie Ness, P-2 The winners receive a gold medal and a citation, while the losers get a silver medal and seven merits. Alternates receive a bronze medal and six merits.
Be ever
a
Rudae Says:— Be different—be cleverly charming by giving yourself added attractiveness with one of the many hair styles we offer. Your distinction will come from a hair style that compliments your personality. Come in and consult him No Charge Phone 7901'
SmjuJbp SulofcF
HpiipiiWiMli
%
ISS
I ^ 5 I' i s* i-
|f|n „ (», (
• «
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, February 17, 194d
li.
r
Jimsdif. JalL
Delta Gamma Welcome
Another milestone in the history of Greek letter sororities is passed today with the installation of Delta Gamma national sorority. For several years women students on campus have been aware of the growing need for another Greek organization for co-eds. Especially evident is this need at the end of each rush period when a large per cent of rushees fail to organize at all — not because ^they are undesirable girls, but because the sororities can increase their membership only up to a set number. Members of Delta Gamma are to be congratulated for their continued efforts and enthusiasm in establishing their group. Organizing a local sorority, gaining campus recognization, and finally being considered worthy of national affiliation is no easy task. Such a task usually takes a number of years to accomplish; yet the Delta Gamma local group, Pedalion, was started only four years ago in 1936. The continued work, persistance, and never-tiring efforts of the charter members of Pedalion and their followers have made them worthy of wearing the gold anchor and white shield, symbol of a Delta Gamma group. Much discussion is continually carried on concerning the assets and liabilities of belonging to a Greek-letter organization. Sororities are accused of making snobs of their members, of making their members conform to a set personality pattern, and of over-emphasizing secret mottos and grips. In 1870 sororities were founded because there were no suitable housing facilities for womei^ on most campuses. But to every organ-
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Iiuiley _ W. B. Smith
Bditoivin-Chief Bnsinesa Manasrer
D. 6. Terrio, editonal director; G. W. Frederick, managinr editor; B. M. Antonini, senior advertising manager; G Schilling, co-ed editor. R. Jenkins, sports editor.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792
All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director
Entered as second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the aiieeial rate of postage provided (or in section llOS, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January SO, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regnlar academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8 00 per year, mail subscription $8 60 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc , College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave, New York, N Y
Night Editor, Miers Ass’t. Night Bd., Simpson Day Ed., Ochiltree Saturday, February 17, 1940
TIjiwa.
Wesley, Foundation
ized girl, membership in a sorority today means much more than fust living in at attractive house. It means having companionship and fun, which is more than half of college life; it means learning to “give and take” while living in close contact with other students; it means life-long friendships made stronger by a shared interest; it means being connected with thousands of chapter members all over the country. The sorority often serves as the adjusting link between family life and life at a large, impersonal university. The sorority aims to provide comfortable living conditions, secure campus recognition for its members, foster friendships, and encourage individuality and personality. Because Delta Gamma members have shown their ability and earnest intentions of living up to sorority aims and purposes, because we know the new Delta Gamma members personally and collectively as a worthy group of girls, we send congratulations on initiation and our wishes for continued success on campus. —G. S.
By Marion Howard Sportswomen, athletic honorary for women, will hold a Penny Carnival on March 9 in the Women’s Gym. Sororities, co-op houses, and other women’s organizations will have booths, and will charge one cent admission to each one. The gym will he decorated with pennies, and a carnival atmosphere will prevail. —^waa— The volleyball tournament was completed yesterday, with the seniors snatching top honors. The sophomores placed second, with the freshmen com|ng in third. Two all star volley ball teams were picked and will play on Tuesday, March 4. The gold team is made up of Clymer, captain, Walker, Stears, Schroeder, McKnight, Kirkoff, Kendall, Jones, Stevens, and Blank. Those on the black team are: Stickler, Walker, Morris, Spry, M^etzger, Lee, Ade, Chatfield, Memmen, and Buergler. All those on the all star teams must get uniforms (gold and black pennies) from the gym before Tuesday at 4.
. . . will sponsor a Bible Institute and Box Supper today from 1 to 9 o'clock at Stidham Church. Dr. Graves will speak on “The Life of Christ.” Cars will leave the Foundation at 1 o’clock and will return at 9 o’clock. Transportation will be provided earlier for those wishing to attend the basketball game. Those wishing to attend should sign up at the Foundation.
WBAA
TODAY
Co-eds on this campus will participate for the first time in the • national telegraphic swimming meet to be held on the nights of February 29 and March 6. This year eight colleges are competing from the central region, to which Purdue belongs. Entries must be made by February 22. Any co-ed may enter who is registered in the University, who is carrying a full load, and who has no failures from the preceding semester. Eight halfhour practices are required, and girls may count swimming practices for the intramural swimming meet. The practices are scheduled as follows: today, 1:30 p. m., February 20, 7 p. m.; February 22, 4 p m; February 24, 1:30 p. m.; February 27, 7 p. m.
11:00—Just Kids 11:16—Carolyn Wood—soprano 11:30—^High School Guest—^Kokomo High School 12:00—^The Woman Shopper 12:16—Tune Time—Charles Powell 12:30—^Luncheon Dance- Time 12:46—Market Bepqrts 1:00—^Radio Stage 1:30—-Monitor Views the News 2:00—Stamp Club of the Air 2:30—Melody Maids 3:00—Campus Varieties
Dean Potter To Discuss 5-Year Engineer Course
A proposal to extend the engineering courses to five years will be discussed by A. A. Potter, dean of the engineering schools, with the members of the teaching, research, and extension staffs. The meeting is scheduled for next Tuesday evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Union Building. Committees will also present reports on social responsibilities and English.
H
ERE’S how Crown
Service does more for you!
1. Clothes Cleaned by Crown are moth-proofed by MOMTE Moth-Proofing process. This insures against moth damage.
2. Clothes pressed by Crown receive that popular FORMPREST distinction. 3. Hat Cleaned and Blocked by Crown are repellent to water spotting.
Collegians Elsewhere
By the Staff
We made a promise to ourselves, and to you, before we started writing this—No Confucius Say Not today.
The sofa sagged in the center, The shades were pulled just so The family had retired, The parlor lights burned low. There came a sound from the sofa, As the clock was strikmg two; And the student closed his textbook. With a thankful, “Well, I’m through ” —Ball State News.
Famous Last Lines—Well, when don’t you have a date? Broadmindedness — Ability to laugh lightly upon discovering that your roommate and your pin girl have disappeared from the dance floor.
The Twenty-Third Psalm of an Engineer’s Sweetheart Verily, I say unto you, marry not an engineer For an engineer is a strange being and is possessed of many evils Yea, he speaketh eternally of parables which he calleth formulae—he showeth always a serious aspect and seemeth not to know how to smile, and he picketh a seat in a car by the springs therein, and not by the damsels. Verily, though the damsel expected chocolates when he calleth, she openeth the packages to disclose samples of iron ore Yea, he holdeth her hand, hut to measure the friction thereon, and he kisseth her only to test the viscosity of her lips. For in his eyes there shineth a far away look that IS neither love nor longing— rather but a vain attempt to recall a formula Even as a boy, he pulleth a girl’s hair, but to test its elasticity. But as a man, he discovereth different devices, for he counteth the vibrations of her heart strings. His marriage will be a simultaneous equation evolving two unknowns yielding diverse results.
Pi Phi's Wiil Entertain Facuity Members Today
4. Shirts laundered by Crown are DATED. That insures a years wear or replaced by a new one.
Pi Beta Phi sorority will entertain faculty members at a tea this afternoon from 3 to 5 o’clock at the chapter house. Dean Mary L Matthews, of the home economics school, Mrs C. B Case, Pi Beta Phi housemother. Prances Raebig, president, and Doris Gamble, social chairman, will be on the receiving line
F"! N E C L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTHES
University of Toronto students aie giving blood to be used by Canadian soldiers at the front
For the first time in history, faculty members of state educational institutions will this year pay a federal income tax.
I love you, I love you Darhng, we’re mad! Yeah, but not as mad as your boy friend.
No Trump The young man led for a heart. The maid played for a diamond. The old man came through with a club. And the sexton used a spade.
Mac Tinee says “It’s true “Gone with the Wind” . . . has everything.” . . . and so has our New International T-hone Steaks 40c
TOM’S Armory Restaurant
We offer you the most serviceahle outfits of the season—odd sweaters and slacks in colorful sporting patterns and weaves. Quahty Tailored according to correct styles. In adeconomical prices—a challenge to any other clothier.
Sport Slacks Sweaters Oxfords - .. Socks Ties .
^.98and up 1.98 and up 1.98 and up . 25c - 48c to 65c
224 Main St.
RELIABLE CLOTHING STORE
Phone 5730
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR LUTHHIA RISK DR HAROLD | RISK 4th fr Main Phon* 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine W Lafayette Phone 4965
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optotnetrist 504 Main St.
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST ' m 522 AAaIn St. Phone 4T31 LAFAYETTE. INDIANA
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phona 6050
Boilermakers: Make It Clean-Up Time For Purdue And Start With lUmois!
Anderson Garage
525 Alabama 24 Hour Service
. Phone 4048 After You We Come First
\f
IMI