V-1
^ fi ff
i -ey i
W-
I,
skpra±i&ii
Published ^aily by Students oflhiidue tlnivevsity
KXfJOnent
fAi.
visvam tma
LAFA^^rfiTTE, INDIANA, SATUBDAT, MAKCH 20,1027
Scholastic Standhigs Of Organizations Announced
Scholastic standings of the various campus organizations and social fraternities were released last night from the office of the Dean of Men. Among the fraternities, Triangle headed the list writh an average of 4:46, while Pi Beta Phi, with an average o:^ 4.18, led the sororities. Tau Kappa Alpha,debating and oratorical fraternity, was first among the honorary societies. The complete standings are: SORORITIES: Pi Beta Phi 4.18, Chi Omega 4.10, Alpha Xi Delta 4.07, Kappa Kappa Gamma 4.07, Kappa Alpha Theta 4.03, and Alpha Chi Omega 3.74. FRATERNITIES: Triangle 4 46, Phi Delta 4.18, Phi Sigma Kappa 4.08, Alpha Kappa Lambda 4.01, Tau Epsilon Phi 3.97. Kappa Delta Rho 3 96, Alpha Chi Rho 3.93, Alpha Gamma Rho 3.93, Sigma Phi Epsilon 3 92, Acacia 3.91, Delta Tau Delta 3.88, Theta Xi 3.83, Delta Upsilon 3.81, Alpha Tau Omega 3.74, Pi Kappa Alpha 3.73, (Continued on page 2)
ASMEHeadTo Visit Campus
Dr. James Hervey Herron, President of the A-merican Society of Mechanial Engineers for 1937, will vis it the University next Monday afternoon and Tuesday morning, and will be honored at a dinner Monday evening in the Memdrial Union, sponsored by the Purdue Student Branch of the A. S. M. E. Tuesday morning, junior and senior mechanicals wifi be excused from classes to tear Dr, perron speak in the E. E lecture room at 10 a. m. Dr. Herron expressed a desire
to inspect important parts of the campus beware leaving shortly before noon
Lenten Services WiU Be Held Daily
Religious services will be held each day next week starting Monday and ending Friday. The services will take place at 4 p. m. in room C of the Memorial Union Building. A different denomination will be in charge of the service each day. The speakers will be as follows: Monday, Rev. W. A. McFadden; Tuesday, Rev. J B. Gleason; Wednesday, Rev. L. D. Mullen; Thursday, Rev. J. W. Findley; and Friday, Father R. V. Thornton.
Sit-Down Strike Ends In Doubtful Compromise By E. H. Kellogg
Sit down strikers made their appearance on the campus yesterday as members of Prof. A. R. Pulton’s English 14 speech class held possession of the steps in front of the old Engineering Administration Building before the 11 o’clock class. Class members refused Pulton admittance to the building until he promised not to give an impending test. Good nature accompanied the entire e^ent (probably due to the spring weather) as the striking students attracted considerable attention. Compromise Fulton after discussing the matter with the class agreed to a compromise that instead of a test the class members would make imT promptu speeches during the class hour. Ringleaders of the strikers were called upon for three minute speeches in the ensmng hour. Considerable doubt arises as to who actually cpme out on top in the controversy, Fulton, or the striking class members.
Reed College students and faculty members are inaugurating a beauty of an idea: they plan to set aside one whole day of the school year to make the caihpus more attractive. .
Late BebHs JhircliliBers Must Beat Five o^elock Deadline Or Pay Extira^ Students wishing to purchase a Oppy of the 1937 Debris at the pres-
ent price of $4.60 must get their orders in to the Debris office, on the second floor of the Memorial Unipn Building, before 6 o’clock this aft-
ernoon.
After today, t|ie price of the yearbook, which contains pictures and events of the present school year, will be raised to $6.00. The ofSce will be open all day today.
Earhart Poised For Hop To Lonely Pacific Island
BULLETIN Honolulu, March 20.'—Barring unfavorable weather at the last minute/Amelia Earhart will take off from Luke Field here about 1 o^duck this morning (5:30 a. m. Saturday Lafayette time) for Howland Island a pin-point Pacific sandbar whose finding offers one of the most difficult navigation tests in oceanic flying.
Front row, left to right: Florence^ Sequartz, Junivere Riedel, Peggy Timberlake, and Betty Hegele. Back row, left to right: L. S.^Hardin, T. D. Cabonargi, R. R. Hensler, W. K. Millholland, C. S. Maier, and J. R. Hammerstadt. Above are members pf Sophomore Cotillion committee.
Skull ^nd Crescent Pledges 36 At Cotillion; 425 Couples Attend Dance
With W. K. Millholland and Peggy Timberlake’s leading, Carl “Deacon” Moore’s swinging, the Skull and Crescent’s pledging, and the Memorial Union ballroom’s decoratiofis, the Sophomore Cotillion really went off with a “bang” last night. The pledging of 38 men was announced preceding the grand march. They are; W. L. Anthei^Tau Kappa Epsilon; George Blockson, Alpha Gamma Rho; R. W. Burks, Triangle; Benton Burns, Pi Kappa Alpha; Dyer Butterfield, Jr., Phi Delta Theta; Paul T. Cooper, Kappa" Sigma; Julius J. Danzler, independent; J. Ross Drever, Delta Tau Delta; Lloyd Farquhar, Phi Kappa Sign|a; Dant Fisher, Phi Kappa Alpha; Richard Fmk, Sigma Chi; H. R. Gingher, Delta Upsilon; Darrin H. Gridley, independent; John Hackleman, Alpha Gamma Rho; Wilmer Hardesty, Alpha Kappa Lambda; William A. Hart, Sigma Chi; R. M. Hughs, independent; Robert Insley, Sigma Nu; Stuart C. Jones, Phi Delta Theta; Marvin Keller, Delta Chi; Louis Luth, Theta Xi; Charles B. Metz, Phi Kappa Sigma; Lewis Morrison, Phi Gamma Delta. Paul Oxley, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; George Peck, Kappa Delta Rho; W. Qualls, Tl^eta Chi; John Richey, Alpha Tau Omega; Fred Rosebrock, Xambda Chi Alpha; F. K. Schleicher, Delta Upsilon; Robert Scymanski, Phi Kappa; A. Shackelton, Beta Theta Pi; James Simmons, Alpha Chi Rho; J. G. Swinney, Pi Kappa Phi; Robert Viehe, Phi Gamma Delta; R. H. Weaver, Acacia; R. P. Witt, Sigma Phi Epsilon; Eli Yeager, Phi Kappa Tau.
Tower Theatre To Give One Act Plays
Tower Theater will stage three productions Monday^ Tuesday, and, Wednesday of next week in the tower room. The one act plays to be shown are: “Shadow House” by G. B. Williams; “They That Mourn” by Grant Wood; and “Experiment” bv Art Radkey.
CANCELLATIONS
Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade Should do so before Saturday noon, March 20th. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments, M. L. FJSHER, Dean of Men
Dr. Beal WiU Address AChS
Dt. George D. Beal,_ president of ihe _AmeriC‘»n Pharmaceutical As s legation, will speak on “Researen Activities Of The Mellon Institute” next Wednesday, in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. He will address the University sectior of the \merican Chemical Society Precedm^s" the I'^eture, a banquet will be given in honor of him in the Memorial Union Building. Reservations can be made with Dr. Shrewbury, secretary of this section. Dilectly aftf^r the addiess a business meeting v il be held for the election of officers '’oi the year 1937 38.
Texas Officials Start Probe Of Explosion As Death Toll Mounts
New London, Tex., Mar. 19—^With the death list at 426 and still mounting, officials moved to learn the cause of the terrible explosion that completely demolished the $1,000,000 consolidated school here yester-
day.
Dr. E. P. Schoch, chemistry professor of the University of Texas and expert on gaS explosions, said, “It came from either the basement or the hollow tile walls whicTi are excellent gas chambers. It is very simple.” He continued, “The walls were filled with gas that had no other exit. Then there was a spark— and the walls burst. Tjhe condition
of the bodies of the children bears that out. They were blown to death —^not burned to death. “It’s the same old story—saving a few dollars and endangering a thousand lives,” he concluded after discovering that the radiators in the structure were not properly ventil-
ated.
\
Women’s Club To Hear
Mrs. Lark-Horovitz
“Modern Etchers And Engravers” will be the subject of an address by Mrs, Karl Lark-Horovitz at the meeting of the Art Section of^hq Purdue Women’s Club Tuesday at 2:30 in the faculty lounge of the
Memorial Union Buildings
Mrs, Lark-Horoyitz is a member of the instructional staff of the Cleveland Art Museum, This will be the last meeting of the year for
the group.
(EMitoPs Thniiah the geMiniiitv of Miss Amelia Eaxhart and the ee,0|MnUian of the Mew York HenU-TMIni^lSea^ oenent Is able to brlnff yon enslnsive daifar aeconnts of Uie 27,000 mile flhd>t araond the world which Miss Eiiudiart is audeins in the Pnrdoe **Flyina Laboratory” plane).
By Amelia Earhiirl (Copyright, 1937, New York Tribune, Inc.) Honolulu, March 19.—^When my Lockheed touched wheels at Wheeler Field yesterday at dawn, I planned to continue to Howland Island late in the afternoon. However, after seeing the weather map of the territory to be traversed, prepared by the Navy’s chief aerographer, Theodore Lindeman, it seemed better to wait one day. The data for that forecast came from Howland Island itself, gathered there by the coast guard cutter Shoshone. Lindeman showed me on the map, a blue and red line running north and south in the vicinity of Hawaii. It indicated a “weather front” moving slowly west to east Behind it followed more normal weather. If local weather conditions permit, we will shove off at midnight; ” (Continued on page 4)
Standing To Give Lectures
A . R. Standing, director of personnel management of the intermountain region of the U. S. Forest Service, will be the principal speaker before the annual banquet of the Purdue Forestry Club which will be held next Tuesday evemng in the Recreation Hall of the West Lafa;^ette Baptist Church. Standing is also scheduled for an open lecture on Monday evening, four special lectures to forestry students extending up until Wednesday noon. The imblic IS invited to attend the illustrated lecture that will be given Monday evening at 7:30 o’clock in the lecture room of the Agricultural Building on “Forest Values—^Protection of Our Forests.”
WBBMWIUBrdadciist Debate Squad S|ieedies From Wisconsin Campns Purdue’s star debaters, Charles Petticrew and Robert Royster along with two other two-man teams, will take part in a novel debate that V(dll be broadcast over radio station WBBM, 'Chicago, tonight at 6:46 (CST). The forencists are participating in the annual national Sigma Delta Rho tournament which is being held at Madison, Wis., this week-end.
WAA Carnival On April 10
W. A. A. Penny Carnival, sponsored by Purdue sportswomen, will be held April 10 from seven imtil eleven p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Five cents admission will be charged and a penny for all refreshments purchased at booths. Some of the features of the carnival will be a folk dance in costume by co-eds and ballroom dancing. Committees Girls in charge of the various committees are: Helen Beko, tickets; Margaret Richey, dancing; Regina Kelly, booths; Georgia Halstead, check room; Marjorie Charles and Mildred Fitch, decorations; Minnie Venemann, entertainment; Louanna Thompson, food; Mary Humphreys, sports booth; Jeanette Scudder, pledges; Betty Attiold, judging, and Emily Tubbs, publicity.
Eta Kappa Nu Pledges 12 Juniors
Eta Kappa Nu, national electrical engineering honorary fraternity, at a special meeting in the Memorial Union Building Thursday pledged 12 juniors who have shown outstanding ability in electrical engineering. The men are E. C. Alexander, M. D. Barrows, R. D. Birge, C, D, Ehinger, D. L. Everett, N. H. Hale, M, M. Huffman, D. T. Lowery, 0. B. Gibson, L. C. Schaefer, J. M. Sheadel, and J. F.*Rowland.
Prof, J, D, Hoffman Reminisces On Founding The Exponent 46 Years Ago; Showed 40c Profit
By J. A. Chapin
Yesterday the Purdue senior who held the purse-strings of the newborn Exponent, today you know him as the alert, young-looking Prof. James D. Hoffman, who guides the destinies of the practical mechanics department from his office on the southeast ground floor corner of Michael Golden shops. Forty-six years ago when student members of the campus literary societies sought outlet for their writing talents in the creation of the Exponent, student “Jim” Hoffman, as business manager, smoothed over the rough spots in the financial road, did all the dickering for the printing rates and in general accomplished what no one else could do. He Draws ‘The Plum’ The staff offices of the new paper were to be assigned to members the organizations who were backing it and as Prof. Hoffman told it recently while reminiscing in his office for the benefit of a reporter’, “As a charter member of the Emersonian Society, I drew the ‘plum,’ the job of business manager, and all the work. Of typewriters, telephones, and special news services, none were to be h^d. The inquiring reporters of the first Exponent, published as a monthly, in the fall of 1889 met in the libi‘ary to compile the news items tp be digested by the University's 400 students. The Purdue That the editors watched their copy diligently and wrote discreetly can well be imagined from the following excerpt from an in-'memo-Ham article published in the Debris of 1880, also a first edition, concerning the immediate literary predecessor of the Expmient, tfie Purdue: t “The faculty, in that paternal watchfulness, mafic the startling
discovery that the Purdue had a very weak constitution, and that those who had been watchmg over it so tenderly had acted ‘veiy injudiciously’ in administering food to this child of wisdom. They set about to remedy the disease, which they did in a very effective manner. The operation was successful as far as revision was concerned, but the darling never awoke.”
Finances
many, receipts came in none too promptly, if at all, but the paid subscriptions were the bright spot in the financial sky, for the keen competition between the literary societies which ruled the campus activities, produced a fine support of the infant by the student body. When the three commencement week issues had been distributed in the spring of 1890, the creditors had' all been satisfied, and Prof. Hoffman and his assistant, A. I*. Wescott ’90, had closed their books for the year, they found that there remained the magnificent sum of 40 cents. Said Wescott, “we’ll close the deal with an egg-phosphate apiece,” and close it they did, thus climaxing the first year of the Exponent’s life.
Rev. Graham Aims At $30,990 Fund Goal
In an attempt to push the Lafayette Community Fund over its $30,990 goal. Rev. W. R. Graham, of tiie Central Presbyterian Church and chairman of the campaign, is urging all Purdue University students and residents of Lafayette who have not yet contributed to the fund tor do so as soon as possible. “We are only $660 slaort of a successful campaign,” Rev. Graham stated,, “and with a little mmre co-op^-^ tion we can pass the limit.” *
Choir To Sing For Easter Convocation Tuesday Ni^bt
“Stabat Mater,”^ an oratorio hf Rossini, and the most diftieult piece
of music attempted by the Purdue
University choir, has been setected' to be presented at the Easter convocation for Worship in Eliaa Fowler Hall on Tuesday evening, March 23, at 8 o’clock, it was announced by Albert P. Stewart, director. In the presentation of the oratorio, the choir will be assisted fay the University orchestra of 36 pieces, under the leadership of Robert A. Phillips, student director Six soloists, Paul Worcester, ten-j cr; Wendell C. Compton, baritone; Mardis C. Compton, tenor; John P, Brubaker, baritone; Charlotte Stewart, soprano, and Arsene Summers, alto, and a special quartet composed of Mary Friend, Harold Schulte, Artene Summers, and Wendell Compton, will appear dunng the nine numbers that will make up the program.
Stars Of Union Show To Sing
Plan Radio Course For Summer Sehool
A special course in radio looadcasting will be offered the summer session students of 1937 by the speech department of the University. This course will give instruction in the fundamentals of radio broadcasting, including the preparation of script, auditions, and rehearsals. The Purdue Radio Labmatory wiU serve as a laboratory for testmg new program and production technique.
is^ received into the national association.
Wesley FoundaticMi Tea Will Hollar Dramatic Teacher Wesley Foundation will give a tea at 3 o’clock this afternoon in honor of Miss Maidie Ruth Gamble, professor of dramatics at Bcmnett College, Who is visiting the ramq^us. Miss Edna Pay Moore, prosidmit of the co-ed ihvismn of We&ley Foundation, will he in charge of pr^ rangements for tiie tea.
. A. 7 A •St if/
h.
N01flUiRl2ff
Stars of “Castles In Tbe Air,” recent Umon Show, wil sing in a concert to be held in the music room of the Memorial Union Building, Sundayaftemoon at 4 o’clock. Betty Granger, the leading lady, will sing “The Indian Love CSaH,” the song that won Her success in the Union Show tryouts. She will also sing “Lantern of Love” and “Land of Romance.” Martha Whitehead, who played the part of an opera singer, will sing “Smiling Through,” “Dark Eyes,” and “Only Make Believes.” Bill Jones, Prince Carol in ti\(B show, will sing “Trees,” “Sylvia,” “The Rainbow Of Your Smile,” and “When You’re In Love With a ffirl.” Mildred Rhodes wffl uocompmiy the singers. The program is arranged by the music romn wwnmifc. tee of the Union who request tiie audience to arrive emriy, as the doors will close when'the ^ogram starts.
Alpha Chis Play Pari Of Host To Mrs. Carl Winsor The University chapter of Alpha Chi Ome^ will be host to Mrs. (TariL 1. Winsor of Wichita, Kan., and national counselor during her vimt here Saturday and Sunday. Sunday Mrs. Winsor will install ofiScers when the Lafasrette Alumnae Club
■i, J
J i
FACULTY MEETING
^ Vl
To Members of the Uatveatsi^ Faculty: The regular montidy meeting "
V
■V -Sj t A
of the faculty will he hefid on
Monday. March 22. at 4 ik m., ia Stanly Coifiter Ha».
A foR attmidance is expected.
EDWARD C. ELLIQTT,
Rrmddent.
h
TV.
Atlii'ViJ F. «**' I ,
/'f'' '
Vlie i^nri^tie exponent
MtHben.
IfcwndntnA grt^iate INm
11034
lOSSe'MSOOHSM ,
MnHMUItBCi roll NATIONAI. AOVORTIOlNO Wt National Advartising Service, Inc C»IUt» PtMiihtn RHinumUMM 400 Madison Avc. N«wYoRk.N.Y. CHtCAHO • BoeroH • ®am fwahcibco LoaANaKLee • Fortianp - fieArrLV
indlaas. DdhwnO by : mUI br «tisgis soor. * ««rts.
OFFieK—Sie North Fifth Street
Bditortal FboM SM7
Doily Stodent PnMicotion <rf PnrdiiO Uniyersity
■MTOKIAL BOiJtD OF CONTBOL B. 3, BWUet ehAiraum: Helen Creech, K. H. Mortis, L.'^D. Wood.
BDITOBIAL 8VAFF
Mssscias HdiOMr-
JB. H. Mosris
Bold end Black Editor
ua-a-dta.®. J. <3. phaver
ttow .; jBtow do * *. tplerS ajre back at it a;gBj^ • > such a Strain . i .. snd|t a straiii. •. Yon If^w, Strain the goiW. froni .the bad . . . Joke . . . Yhonght we had better label it.. i
DEAC’S best clerk — WINNIE GREGORY is going around with all the Pi delts except one . . . the bosses’ daughter has her mitts oh him . . .
BbsImm liuuMtv-
BUSINBB8 SrAFF
KIM says that GRIMMY ought to hustle along the hush money .. . the Sig Pis are willin’ AND SO IS HE ... —KIM.
..B. i. Hnlse
MatioBal AdeettMnc Haaacer„ Leesl Adtsetliina Manager. Advertising Assistants-..—....:—
CiwBiilaWoa Maaaaer-
Lb H. Brown _D. C. Miller
W- j. Gillilaa. It. E. Hensler, M. C. Beeves
’ P. Gn»rd
CirenlatkMi Assistants-
.P.'C. Robbins, F. T. Swain
8P0B18 STAFF
.JU D. Wood
UHan-
IW. BL Flidi" & B. Griffiths, R. P. Obenebain
Notice^All students taking descriptive geometry may pass same by asking “Happy” BRELSFORD to “buzz like a golf balL” P. S. Try it G. A:
WOMODTO STAFF
-.JBden Creedi
Aasoekrts Bdttocs—. Aivsrtising Manaser-
.-Jeanni JanonsekT Doris MeCarWiy, msabettj^rtw
Issue Editor—J. A. Chapin
Nuisances—3 a. m. serenade by JACK VANDERFORD “On With The Army And To Hell With The Navy.”
Substitutes For Barbarous Practices
Faulty customs can best be eliminated by substituting more dssii^l^lc fl-ctrionSe A search for measures to supplant paddling sessions and hell weeks in fraternities and to accomplish the purposes of these practices reveals two possible avenues of procedure—-actuation by fear of punishment or by desire for reward. _ Paddling at most fraternities throughout the year is an instrument for enforcing obedience to house rules and for jgetting work done. Applying the penal means of obtaining these ends, a fraternity would assign more house duties to an offender, or deprive him of certain social priyilcSGS, or perhaps in extreme cases expel him from the organization. On the other hand, the fraternities might reward the more industrious and complaisant pledges by granting exemption from some duties and social restrictions. Here, howeyer,_ some form of punishment would probably have to be held back as a last resort for getting results from the lazier and more obstinant pledges. ^ ^ ^ ^ « i The same methods can be applied to reforming hell week. Instead of a week of physical chastisement, the pledges would be placed on probation for a few days and subjected to a men^ tal workout.—R. P. M.
Amendments
One of the many differdk angles hipu^t forth by tlm present judicial controversy is the mistaken idea that amendments to the United States Constitution are adopted through a popular vote of the people. This has never been the case. The misunderstanding probably can he traced to two things, namely, that state constitutions are changed by a direct vote and that over 20 state constitutions provide for referendum upon general legislative acts. In 1920, the United States Supreme Court in the case Hawke vs. Smith ruled that the people of Ohio had no constitutional right to directly vote on the Eighteenth Amendment. One needs to go no farther than Article V of the Constitu tion to find the methods provided for amending our supreme Article V says in part, “The Congress, whenever two-thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Constitution, or on the application of the legislatures of two-thirds of the several states shall call a convention for prophsing amendments which, in either case, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of this Constitution when ratified by the legislatures of three-fourths of the several States, or by conventions in three-fourths thereof... The former method for amending the Constitution is the only one which has been used. Although not by a direct yote, the legislature method is seemingly so influenced by the views of the people themselves, that a direct vote would yield precisely the same result.-—^D. A. B.
Fraternity Flagellants
The abolition of Hell Week,'which we proposed in b some what lengthy blast yesterday, is bound to work an injustice, we have been informed by a somewhat indignant collegian. “Why,” he expostulated, “there are a lot of fellows who won’t think they’ve been to school unless they’Ye had a hit of paddling. It’s one of the things a guy expects to get out of
college.”
Now, we’ve been around a bit and we’ve heard of all sorts of freaks-T-flagellants among ancient religious sects and various Freudian oddities, which have such a morbid interest for dilettante psychologists. Still we never expected to come face to
face with them here on the campus. .
But, rah! rah! college. We want everybody to be happy, and if there be such that take an abemnt delight in being hacked
and mill-raced we want them provided for.
Hence, we’ll relax our hitherto uncompromising opposition to hazing—enough at least to. accoihodate these self-scourgefs who want nothing left out of their college experience.—Ore gfm Emerald. ^ ■' ", ■ ■■■•■
Adult Educatioii Grpup Tp Meet In Unipn
JHirp open^ m of the adult education group will be held in room V ' . B,of the Memorial Union Building " m ^esday and Wednesday eyeannounced last night F. W Bollhmn. Bifbext Wadsworth, instructor in jedttCidiion, will speaker
before Tuesday evening^s gathering on “Gears,” while Charles Deets WPA Administrator for: District 8, will outline “What WPA Has Done For Purdue University” before the Wednesday evening meeting.
Among the 600,000 titles owned by the University of Wisconsin historical library, three were printed before iteO and 88 printed bewteen 1600 and 1697.
POME ’Tis heard that HURT was slightly stewed , Among that hi^ falutin KAPPA brood.
Lately Leaked Otft—“X X X” MEZNARICH, “Now listen, I get one night off a week and I’m not going to spend that looking at the Pony Chorus!I” . . .
‘Indiana playboy’ PAUL McGUFF former Purdue Stooge, was caught kissing some girl’s arm at the New Main Saturday P. M.
More about HARVE CLINE and the Minne. affair. MARY ELLEN FORESMAN thinks she told on HARVE last week but can’t remember. Consequently she is mad at HARVE cause she thinks He thinks she really did. . . .
W Mw y<^ pkmt Chestelfteld*AkiK^bt Ato/ IT ' ' ’ ok: htiuU... : GRIN AND BEAR IT &
Yours truly bjick sgSin to swing
along . .
' WITH THjg SBNIOR SNOOPERS . . . there wam’t no room for this here in yesterday’s column ... ' ^AWAttPSi'. ^. igiNfen--!»y^“Clmiigie^' able” BETTY BARNETT... were; :. i RUttt CbRELANb hmk hWay the HlGb Nat . iteTTYd^RNett g«^r%“Sfilf Hie big RIN GURHION-r-Nie^ m . . V . HOPE RilSNER receiyed a PISH NET-.-«he can catch her men but can’t hold ’em . .. RUTH HADI-EY took the applp—to do a little polishing > . . J^NE McCOY bemuse she talks thuS-^goi a GUPPY DOLL typical.,. EDNA HUTSON Was handed a LILY as follow up on a Beta pin ... . a MIRROR for DOTTY KUEHN-^it’s her vanity ... . and to RUTH GRIMH was hai^^ a very appropriate, and very long HUNK OP BALONEY . . . there’s a lot more but space prevents . . .
EXTRACTS FROM THE SENIOR WOMEN’S CLAS^ WILL . .. I, JEAN ADKINS, have nothing to will as I am taking FARQUH ARSON and ElESBAOH with me ... 1, MARGARET CARTER, take my heart off my sleeve and paste' it on JEANNE HALUAM . . . I, LORETTA VA.N RIE; leave the clock tower standing alone in its dignity, I, JEAN HANLEY, leave JACK QHAVER’S pin to whoever would want itv. . . I, TICKY THEISS, leave the ATO State dances to who-sohever can take it . . . I, ARLEEN MARSHALL, leave CHARLEY MILFORD to his moth-
1, RUTH GRIMM, leave trees and bushes to the campus curs ... I, RUTH COPELAND, leave the BLUE BLAZER for next year’s W. S. G. A. president. I, ELLEN MANN, leave the PROM King to JUDY JONES . . . I, JEAN HUNTER, leave my A. T. 0. pin to a Chi 0 ...
Hurry . . . Hurry . . . Hurry . . . to the fone and call up the Kappa
Sig house. ./. ‘ Please extend those
THE ABOVE ARE THE BEST . . . of the many written by members of SENIOR CLASS . . . SAL SCHAAP, RUTH ANSPACH, and a couple of others are deserving of a lot of credit for this swell affair.
pledges your sympathy... Oh Yeah ... and try the Phi Psi house, while
you’re at it. ..
.:..INFAM0US SAYINGS OP FAMOUS PEOPLE: Carl Sadler: “I’m steering clear of youse guys.”
TOMMY GRAHAM knows who the band is for the Prom . . . but he won’t tell. . , OHAVER knows, too . . . but he won’t teU!! . . . So long and here’s yours for a week end of real relaxation . . . . We’ll
SUN—MON.
A DRAMA Wm MUSIC . SONGS TMAfnOOO
IRTI
the locate «f 'ffobooM 1100(1“* niootmoiiihoio ~ ‘^toamboot
,KE Li N W 6 S T LE Y:; BUDDY E e S E N■ :'WALTER BRENNAN' WALTER CATLETT :ANTH0N:Y M ARlfN: KATHERiNE DoMILLE'
'BAStbAir
Geme Autry in “Oh! Snzanne”
Maurice Cl^alier ' '-In ,'L' “The Beloved Yagabond”
Believe it or not, the Average Pordue student is ‘C’ sick ...
The conduct course now being of fered at the Uniyersity of West Virginia is not intended to teach self-con'ta'ol. It has been designed to show students the “hows” of studying, making a budget, and the spending of leisure time.
By Uclkty
‘All I said to her was hoty about some Orange blossoms, and n<w--loofc!”
Scholastic Standings Of Groups Announced (Continued from page 1>
Beta Theta Pi 3,71, Sigma Nu 3.71, Theta Tau 3.71; Phi Kappa Psi 3.69, Kappa Sigma 3.67, Phi Kappa Sigma 3.67, Delta Chi 3.65, Theta Chi 3.64, Tau K^PPa Epsilon 3.61, Phi Kappa 3.60, Sigma Alpha Mu 3.59, Sigma Chi 3.59, Pi Kappa Phi 3.58, Lambda Chi Alpha 3.57, Phi Delta Thefa 3,55, Phi Kappa Tau 3.53, Sigma Alpha Epsilon 3.46, American Commons Club 3.42, Beta Sigma Psi 3.34, Delta Sigma Lambda 3.27, Phi Pi Phi 3.26, and Sigma Pi 2,54. RESIDENCE HALLS: Women’s Residence Hall 3.89, Gary Hall North 3.87, Cary Hall East 8.68, Union Club 3.61. HONORARIES: Tau K^ppa Alpha 5.41, Delta Rho Kappa 5.16, Tau Beta Pi 5.15, Eta Kappa Nu 5.09, Phi Lambda Upsilon 6.08, Omicron Nu 5.03, Wkirtar Board 4.86,
VRAWmiON DENTIST
119 Wcflt Lafayette P1mm4966
Alpha Zeta 4.79, Chi Epsilon 4.79, Pi Tau Signoa 4.74; A Alpha Lambda Delta 4.65, Kappa Delta Pi 4.64, Ceres 4.60, Xii Sigma Pi 4.67, Hoof and Horn 4.56, Scabr bard and Blade 4.66, Kappa Psi 4.35, Theta Alpha Phi, 4.30, Alpha Phi Omega 4.22, Sigma Delta CM 4:03, Dolphin 3.79, Catalyst 3,78, Iron Key 3:78, Skull and Crescent 3.72 and Sigma Delta Psi 2.79.
Warnbi^ Balder ,
ill
“The Road to Glory”
LAST TIMES TODAY “Avenging Waters”
“Milfionaire Kid”
‘Harkesi Africa”
To ifceMi brave young.
heort* it meont the strength to defy o world, they feoredl
With MARGARfl IfNDS^ Sir CEDRIC HARDWICKE WAITER ABfl * HENRY O’NEIll
Starts TOMORROW
Last Day’^Richard Dix in **I)0Yil's Playgroiiiid*^, ji*,A-i'i ' ■ ' I v>5' ” • • ’ ' .
W'
Oil Fratei^t^ I. M. Schedule
With'all of the present intramural sports activities due to dravr td a cl^ spttiOAtwne hext next event slated to come off is interfraternity baseball. I'All that remains on the schedule of unfinished busihesistd date, ar^ ih the cla;es'■ A” and $iass “B” basketball. ■ Piaijtice gajhes - are: dated to. be, played on the Monday and Tuesday after spring, vacation, before swinging into, active competition. There will be tVro, separate leagues in the preliihuihrsr^roupds with theor twelve t^ams from the fraternities not so strong in: the sport, .playing off to decide two teams to g^o into : the.ifiiiials..' Out of the other teams, which will form another league, six squads will advance to the , finals. The winner of the finals will then receive a team trophy and tnedals for all of its members, while the winners of the lower section' will be given a small team trophy. Last;year the' Sigma Ghis walked off with the chamjpionship, with the SAEs coming in a close Second. This year will probably see a free for all in the competition as all teams will be grinning for the extra participation points which go with the winning of the contest.
E. W. Lane, a 1912 graduate, has just be®*! placed in charge of the Institute of Hydraulic Besearch at the ■ University of Iowa, with the title of Associate Director in charge of the laboratory. Since 1935 he had been professor of hydraulics at the University, after serving sevr eral years as director of the U. S. Reclamation Bureau’s Hydraulic Laboratory at Denver,' Cold.. ^
Sim—UON-^TUBS—WBD DOUBLE FiATURE
RUSS^Lt HARDIE V v BER tYON RUTHERFORD
Mid-Nite Show Tonite Showjng ioC
MitoilWM VMiAoii.k.Ta il'Wm .
Ifera'i UUt fauqThndl .qpwrW l6.'0M..;ti^. lions who'V* ,dl' fmis wcmUi^lQ Mo Marion hi (ho ,nrim nl Gohlo nM
CURK 6AliLE aCAlRiioHMEE’
ALLEH lENKIlf B apSCQE EARNS
CWn Mid onijr pletiao riwim;at,lha:tMld^it«'S^w,
Jh the finishof the "Ip. A. A* inter clads basketball the seniors will play the freshman Monday at 4 o’clock in the Wonien’s Qympasium.' The seniors are the only - undefeated team among: the four classes; ' Monday afternoon th^e class managers will choose ttro varsity teams, which will practice both Tuesday and Wednesday afternoons and comRele ^ursday afiernddin befoire the
bhhquet.
Are Feature Of Grid Practi^
: PidtuTe 4n ydi^ mind a'group 'abdht 8$;; husi^, football.: players: fe^hg afpund the practice field in back Of: the ne'W Administration Enilding ; V^ / sailing through the ait, and a few fellows standing aroUnd with a forlorn look Of ^^pring feVer un their faces and yOu have' a good idea of PurdUe’s ^idmen in spring practice. Scrimmages Air together, 125 aspirants fpr the team ^tmmed out to get equipment and ‘'Nobe” Kizer has been running scrimmage kll week, trying out his material and shifting the men around to test them oiit. Before these scrimmages Come off, the players gang up in teams and run through plays or else practice at blocking, while off to one side Cecil Isbell and his cohorts try Out their punting strength.
Prof. €. B. Aiken Speaks On Radio Problems Monday For Sigma Xi, Research Honorary
Prof. C. B. Aiken, of the school of electrical engineering, will discuss “The Problems of Efficient Use of the Ether for Radio Communication on the North American Continent” at a meeting of the University chapter of Sigma Xi, honorary research fraternity, on Monday evening at ,8 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. . In his discussion. Dr. Aiken will take up technical considerations that govern the assignment of radio frequency channels to various services, the needs of'the'various services, such as broadcasting, telervision, ar^.iUnd navy, and aviation, and the inevitable conflicts between the technical, economic and political aspects of ,the problem,
Plumbing, Heating, Water Soft'eners. and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Tears in the Business
DUNCAN&LARSON, ING Phone’4450 1622 East Main
At Milwaimee
After finishing the last two matches of the season Thursday in Indianapolis, the University Squash team started on its trip to MilWau:keei;.;lTiS;^yrhi6re ■%'^r;rohipete :ih: the Western Intercollegiate squash tournaments. Following the match with the; players representing the Anderson TV M. G, A.,;Mwdii^ Tnicek, Sokoloivski, and t^akefield all canie but Victorious^ the ybrmty and faculty combihed forces tb hattle against the Indianapolis . Athletic Club. A^^y as they:; mi^^ sqtiab was tmable tb Copewntii their opponents. With five of the students losing their .matches'i and with C^eVett, Kholl and ;KaW dropping'' one apiece. Alien and ii&Bree with the help of Wakefield, Sokplow^ ski, and Jnve managed to. squeeze but ai mere five points aigainst the eight scored by the L A. Ci :
By Ouva SoHATZLBT
Methodist Studertts-r-Rev. Me Fadden -will continue speaking On the subject “Our Religion” at'the Men’s class meeting at the church at 9:30. The co-ed class, meeting at the Foulidatiori House at the same time, will have Miiss Gamble, dramatic teacher of Bennett College, as the speaker. ' The regular Fellowship Hour and supper will be held bt the Foundation House at 5:00 Everybody is invited. The subject at Epworth League will be “Prayer” led by Robert Ferguson and William Harris. This meeting is at the church at 6:30. The Wesley Players are presenting their play “The Rock” at Delphi iii the evening.
Christian Students t- Sunday school will begin at 9:30, with Dr. Frank Hall teaching the student class. Morning worship at 10:45, Social hour for students at 6:30. Supper at 6:00. Alice Laugheed will lead the discussion group at 6:30. At 7:30 the choir will present: a Lenten , Cantata -entitled, “Christ, The'Sacrifice.”
Baptist Students—Prof. Ted Noss will teach the Roger Williams class at 9:30. At 10:35 a Palm Sunday service with baptisms and a sermon, “The Cost Of The Kingdom” will be given by Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason. - 5 :30 Social Hour and supper. 6:30j Algie Padgett, an instructor
DlRjiondJiiRiiieets^a
MR PMRtux ® mm immi Starts LAST DAT TOMORROW Gloria Stuart in ’Qverbw^
‘iel4ef*^s choice
»By Bob Walpolea
' EV^^iiAlly ispifirig'^ll?Atrive':and along with it baseball ... a little early to talk of the sport, but why not, thb: squad hab been practicing ,fbr:seyctakweek8::..V’;..-''. V. Look: for plenty, of action irom tljb Pui^ue^nitte 3rear ., . they hbvevthe material and the peR ; . , Dutch Fehring brill provide the instruction, and behind his tutelage, shpuld simihg from this campus ohe Of the best teams in years , . On Friday; next, about twenty bf the: squad will: take tl^r annual training trip to southerti lands to bask m :the: sahshinie that won’t be fCltjhere for smmral w-eeks ,,; the: itinerary includes games , in: Monday and Tuesday with Ceniehary^^i^^ Shreveport, La., followed by gaiiies the rest of the week with Lbiiisiana Tech at Ruston . , ^ The pitching staff to make the trip will be picked from the fpllowihg group . . . Co-captain Iiefty Martin, Rosser, Doan, Bartz, (Jlen Downey, Bradsrwater, Heise, Dicksbn,/and Mangas ,. . w there is some doubt as to whether Downey and Lefty will make the tri'p . . . the former is ailing an injimed shoulder, and the latter is still somewhat weak from his recent illness ,. . f(5— The backstop duties will be picked from these . . - Krause, Ainsley, and Brady water (the twin brother of the hurler) . . . . ’ fc—Don’t set your opinions of the team until you see them after that southern excursion .. they may lose a ^couple and the chances are that they will . . . rCmemher this is a training period, for the sole purpose of dusting off the kinks . , .
lOTealiuPfaly Li State
."/;'(M::bfv:stajbVatadrata giim]psc of the enthhsifism Ati Ihdiana crowd she# OydV a: high schotd basketbaU gAm^As the semi-finals get underway today. The winners in the four semi-Riials tournaments will meet at the Btdler fieldhorae next week-end to decide the state “champ.” Favorites among the 16 still remafning in the toumOy are Cehtrai of Fort Wayne and Logansport, but most any t^m is laiiable of coming through victorious. At Logansport where most of the ^ocal interest is centered, Jeff, Logansport, Rochester, and/Hammond will play. Greehsbnrg, North Ver^ non', Anderson, and Crawfordsville will meet at Indianapolis; Mimcie is the scene of action befcwdmt War bash, Warsaw, Port Wayne, and Bedford, and Martinsville will compete at'Vincennes.
Wtrs Faculty
HandOball Tuuriicy
Instructor K. W, Grain of the mathematics department defeated Mr. DejOnge two Out of three games last night to Win the faciRty hand ball .tournament. Homer/Allen of the physical educa.tion department and- G. T. Miller, mathematics instructor tied for third place, and will play their tie off in a match some
time in the near future.
A. M. Davis; a 1923'graduate, formerly chief field engineer for the Portland Cement Asspeiation in Lansing, Mich,, has been appointed district engineer in full charge of the association’s activities in the State, 'with headquarters at Lansing, Mich.
at Purdue, will lead a discussion “What Is The Meaning Of The •Cross.” At 7:30, the choir, composed maidly of students and; faculty will, give an Easter cantata, “The MessageOf The Cross.” Vesper services ■wiU be held each evening at 4 o’clock in room C of •the/ Memorial Union Biiildii^. The .Ippiii^erS for the services ate as fob lows, Rev. MePadden, Rev.: Joseph Baird Gleason, Rev. Dpylb Mullen, Rev. Findley, and Rev. Reese Thorton. These vesper meetings are open to students of all dehominations.
SPAia^m<]DAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4tb and Ferry
Clie Artls/f»
Defend Cnp ta
Rail Toiiniev
' P'pM0>.
j ^ V
The Boilermaker straigbfc rail UU Bards team scored a total of points Thursday night in the intercoUegiate straight rail biltiarda tourney for the Noble E. Kizer tro-
/'■;
Entire returns for the tournam^ sure not mrailaUeat the some time is necessary to the scores telegraphed in various competing schOoMi bat it is expected that the Boflermaker# score vnll place them well up in tfce front rank in defense of llwird^ pionship Won last year. High Semrer _ Ihgleinian was high scor«r for the Purdue team With 126. Other Sanes Were as follows: Ambrose, 106, ■Weisman 84, Kirkpatrick 7R, and Steed 77* The five man team, cho-^ sen from eleven eHgible players, shot in the InBiard rfKim of the Union, and their scores were si#Bi to Indiana University, where they Were compiled together with the scores of the other competing schools. The team with the highest score mll/be pi'esented with the/beaabbEul Kizer ; cup how on display in the billiard room.
S. M; Schluntz, a 1929 gr^uate, has been appointed assistant superr intendeht of construction on a $600,Ooo high school at Taylorville; HI., for the-J. L. Simmons Co.
Class Dimc^ Instractioii
Oiir method of instmetioa and reasoniAle tmmS insure yon ^ learning to dance qnidly and Without financial mconvenieBce,
BE61^^ CLASS TM# March 24, 7:00 K M. ADVANCari) GL^ Thur,, Mafdi 25^ 7 Pv M.
Veth and Ferry
Catholic Students---Commimion in body at St. Mary’s Church at 9:30 a. m. March 21. Breakfast immediately following in the school gsrmnasiuni. Entertainment program will consist of three tap dancers, hill-billy band, and Mr. Palma, a
songster, leading in group songs. Newman Club will have inany important plans to disclose for activities for the remainder of the year. Help us break our attendance; record.
Presbyterian Students—At the Suhdajr Evening Club a program Appropriate to the observance of Palm Sunday; will be' presented by the Program Committee. Supper will be served at 6 o’clock. The program will follow immediately. In the mprning-seryice, of worship at 10:46, Dr. Graham’s; thdme will he “Destiny In A Question.” The choir under the direction of /Mr. Stewart -will sing “0 Love That Wilt Not Let Me Go,’’ by Eggert. Cientral Presbyterian Church is located at the comer of Seventh and Columbia streets in Lafayette.
'Episcopal Students--There will be a corporate epnimunioh at the early service at. 8 p’clpck tonaorrPw, which is Palm Sunday. Breakfast will/he served in thf Parish Heuse immediately afterward, Yeung Peeple’S fellowship meets at six/phlock for supper, twth i^i^granii at 7 T* m. ;
Indiana University stiidehts drink
the cleanest milk in the; state, says ffcctpr rClarence E, :May> /<WE the Uhainistry departmeht, who tests iniik from each of the Si/Bioemingtph dairies every month. /; C /
Hunter Cpilege of /New; Yprk is the largest schppl f or wemen iin the weridi Its total humber of students is 18,669.
LYLEKFISlIESt
:er/
This is all wh do, but we do it weR Opposite Post Office / Wallace Block i 322 F«ncy St.
They Have Be
BALANCER
For Best F^siilts
You get a wi^dr solectioh of foods.
and faster sdirvlce in the Cafeteria.
Always a variety of salads, rneats, vegetables,^ and desserts to choose ■from.: /'.-v /■'.
HEAR LEW SGHILUHG’T ORCHESTRA At NO0M
m
illTHE POaPOE aXPOKSNT, ,■ -■ ./ .*■ ■■■■■wiiiii^iiiiiiiiiiiiii’iiii'MMiiiiiiiiiia—iiiiiiiini.iiiiiiiiiMiiiwiMiiwi^KniiiMiwa^iflaWdiiiiiiiinilii ""
t : ri '
TtPEWBlTERS—ADDlNG IIA* Supplies foir eU maddnes G. P. Bbew*etti 606 Mahi street. Plwme PTTO.
«t ilM OisiiiiMd Itemiscve irlw Cor «Ub ’jfSu-M' oaUro Unfer «ri^. Die BSStutur Aiwr;im.iae'a«;tI>S S(ni[^;.beUn«' f ******* .i-xHAlCf 6Kb!i
^laiivMuil Uo'Miwi Seats enteiN^ in the ihdlvidoal bowlfnR ton^ ner mijBt turn their acorea iti to nae iby Maiith SO. •^-STUCKY.
Portable Victrola~And records, library tables, card tables, practically new electric cotFee percolator. Tuxedo suits, mirrors, back number magazines, 1 cent to 5 cents each. Books, lots of them. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. 5th street.
Lost—^White bird dog, with brown spots, tag No. 8. Reward. 256 Marstellar street, Phone 75954.
Thesis Typing Wanted—By experienced typist. 460 Maple street, West Lafayette.
NOTICES
No notteM acctptod after S p. m.
Organic Chemistry Conditions—Examination for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 29 and 107 will be held in room'lOl of the Education Building at 1 p. m. April 10. Applications must be made at the General office in the Chemistry Building before the Spring recess. —NELSON.
English and Speech Conditions—Examinations for the removal of conditions in all courses in English will be held on Saturday, March 20, at 1 p. m. in room 201, Education Building. . —^^CREEK.
Military Training Conditions—An examination for removal of C grades in Military Training 3, Motors, will be held in the supply room at the Armory, March 23, at 1:30 p. m. Students desiring to take this examination should report to Capt. Hayford before noon March 20. —HAYFORD.
Military Condition Examinations — Examinations for the removal of C grades in Military Training 3, topography, will be held in the instructors’ room. Armory, at 3 p. m., Ma;rch 26. Students desiring to / take this examination should report to Capt. Hayford in the adjutant’s office. Armory,’be- , fore 4 p. m. March 24. —HAYFORD.
Sophomore, Junior Chemicals — Must choose your electives on or before March 20 for the coming year. This should be done in my office in Heavilon Hall. —BRAY.
Reserve Offieero—Any second lieutenants
CARTER
for
KeyBf tdoda, Bicyeleo* Rubber Stamps GENERAL REPAIRING
state & Main, W. Lafayette 2291—PHONE—2291
Eoanior Ctab—Pledging will be. hMd. Iii’ fooin A of tbe Meniorial Union Buildlag 4m Matoh S& at 7:00 p. m. All aetlvee. aad pledges are reipiited to bo uiWfflUt. —BUXTON.
Debris Sades—After March 20, the price of the 1987 Debris will be $6.00. The office will be open all day Saturday, The ptoiieht price is $4.60. —VAN NATTA.
P. I. A.—Dance class wil he held in thfe Women’s Gym at 7:00 p. m. March 22. Please be prompt. / —BUXTON.
Silver Mask—Important naeeting March 22 at 4 p. m. in the fencing room. All actives and pledges be present. —ANTUCSHKO.
Staba:t Mater—Complete rehearsal at 1 :i6 this aftfernoon in Eliza Fowler Hall. ' —STEWART.
Castles In, The Air Cast—Will all menibers of the cast please call for personal property which was left in' the Union check room. All of this property which is not cali^ for before spring vacation will he turned in to the dean of men and confiscated. —McLEOD.
All Union Workers—Work on Prom decorations starts Monday at 4 p. m. All workers needed. . Scatterday’s committee report to office and the; remaining committees report at the work shop. All those possible be present as it is important. —VICE PRESIDENT.
Glider Club—Work session' March 20. Meet in Mechanical Building at 1 p. m. —O’NEAL.
•Christian Science Organization—Regular meeting will be held ini rgom A of the Memorial Union Building at 7 :16 p. m. March 23. —WINTER.
Cosmopolitan Club—Members requested to attend tea March 21 from 2 to 6.p. m. in Duncan Hall. —FUTOOHEE.
W. A. A. Tumbling—Meeting of tumbling group March 23 at 7:30 p. m. in'the Women’s Gyninasium. —ELLIS.
Show Die Casting Films At Shops Next Week
The last of the series of film lec tures offered by the department of practical mechanics will be on “Re cent Developments In Die Casting’,’ by Walter Miller, of the New Products Corporation, Benton Harbor, Mich., who will be on the campus next Tuesday and Wednesday. This film lecture is open to the public and will be held in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops at 4 p, m, March 23, and 24.
The thinking fellow calle A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can icr Special Oenaioiia 26c per paeaenger any part of tiie city 6028 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Vaughan’s Flower and Garden Seeds JOHN SPERB
822-24 MMn
Rh BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
m
Fisher Sets Bekdliiie \ ^ For Cancellatioiis
Ac4K>rding to an annotincemeiit issued from M. L. Fisher, Dean of lileHj studeni^ who wish tU caitiff assignlnents without grade must so before iwcm to^ Canceliutio^h cards can be pb^ tained froUi the heads of departments aiid must be signed by the head-of the school in which the sub-
ject is given, These •■cards must
then be filed in the Registrar’s office.
Roger Wflliams Elects
Rising To Address Agricultural Staff
Prof. Justus Rising, of the practical mechanics department will discuss moving and talking pictures as an educational aid at 7:30 p. m; Friday before the agricultural staif, in rooms i‘ and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. This will be the third meeting of the ag staff discussing methods of teaching.
‘fDEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowurs Main at 7th Phime 6050
Iv’i'' ■" ’
132 Vine St. West Iidayette
641 Main St, Lafayette
BEFORE EASTER
You"ll , want your suit/ hat or topcoaV cleaned and put in condition^
Send them to us now for prompt service that will please you.
Take them to our West Side office or call N
The Roger- Williams Club students of the West Lafayette Baptist Church have recently installed new officers in their student ^oups for the year 1937-38. Officers of the Student Cabinet include: president, Roy Kelly; secretary, Helen Dawson; treasurer, Wendy Bond; The class officers are: president, Jack Williamson; vice-presiderit, Clarence Overcash; secretary, Virginia Hart. Wayne Landofi is the new Roger Williams Club discussion group president. Russell Knee and Katherine Shearer are vice-president and secretary respectively. Other students on the cabinet niclude: Kenneth Landon, Woodrow Riferiburgh, Ted Peucht, Bill Bowman, OHve Schatzley, Jean Campbell, Iva Swaynie, David Nelson, and Jonathan Micheal.
Refini^hed for Easter!
Phone 4073 ment^ to be' iihadig
and
have them cia 11 f6r for E^ei*.
your Qaf-
New Sandstone Specimens Submitted To Testing Lab
Baptist Church Cantata
The choir of the West Lafayette Baptist Church will present a cantata, “The Seven Last Words,” on next Sunday evening at 7:30 in the' church auditorium. The choir is composed primarily of students and faculty members, with Mrs. Ivah Gruver Price as director an dCeorge Osborne, University organist, at the organ.
University Singers To Aid In Presbyterian Cantata
Several local and University choral groups will join to present Dubois’ Lenten cantata, “Seven Last Words Of Christ,” at the Central Presbyterian Church next Thursday night at 8 o’clock. The organizations taking part in this program are the University chorus and glee club, the Purdue Women’s Club, the Central Presbyterian Church Choir, and the Tippecanoe County Home Economics Club chorus. The organ accompaniment for this program will be played by Mrs. Eva Linn Mackay.
Dr. Raymond Hughes Confers With Elliott On Research
Dr. Raymond M. Hughes, president emeritas of Iowa State College, and long-time friend of President E. C. Elliott, was on the University campus yesterday to confer with Dr. Elliott and other ofiiciuls in regard to the research program underway at Purdue. He retired from the active direction of the University last autumn and was made president emeritus.
Glee Clubs Entertain
F I HE CL E A HER S
L C/t « E :S>
Speciiriens of attractively cdlored sandstone from the quarry of the Brothel'S of St. Meinrad Monasteiy near Lincoln City, in the southern part of the state, have been submitted to the materials testing laboratory of Purdue University to determine the possibility of its usefulness in building construction.
Earhart Poised For Hop To Howland Island
(Continued from page 1)
otherwise at dawn. The start will be made from Luke Field, at Pearl Harbor. -
1,900 Miles To Howland The distance between Hawaii and Howland Island is 1,966 land miles. I prefer to leave in daylight'in the late afternoon. At 156 mph. the trip should take about twelve hrfurs. Of course, there are no night landing facilities at HowlaUd Island, so I must arrive there in daylight. The problem is how I can fly slowly enough with my fast plane, plus tail winds, to accomplish both a daylight takeoff .and a daylight arrival. The reports from the section to be covered are so meagre. No one knows definitely whether of not the plane coUld top the cumulus clouds which are reported as probably present during the day. Perhaps there would be breaks in those clouds, perhaps not. The small size of the target we are aiming at eliminates dead reckoning as the only means of locatinjg it. One must supplement dead reckoning With celestial navigation and with radio as aids in such a situation. Same Mechanics When Mantz taxied the ship into
inspection began. Engine cowls catne,off and the constant speed propellers were taken down for greasing.' Beautiful Motors ; Beautiful motors are sometimes best left alone when they are functioning perfectly, and they should be tinkered with by no ordinary mechanic at any time;, so, my engines, under the best possible hands, are having a niechanical rubdown and massage to keep then! in perfect condition.
To Leave Maiitz I shall be sorry to drop the first member of itinerant crew, Paul Mantz. He has helped in every way to prepare for the flight and came along on its first leg to watch developments. He took no rest yesterday, staying at Wheeler Field to superintend the work. I hope he has a pleasant journey homeward on the Malola. Our time—^fifteen hours and for-ty-seven minutes from Oakland to Honplulu—^seems to have established a record for the East-West cross-
T
ing. That is an interesting commentary on the progress of flying equi]6ment, particularly as cpncerns speed. Actually, we were going about as slowly as possible. We throttled back the engines.; Most of the way, our craft was “underwraps” for once, tailwinds were almost an embarrassment. As it was, averaging slightly over 156 miles an hour, we reached Wheeler Field as scheduled just after dawn. My point is, that so far as concerns speed, it Would have been easier'to go faster. The Electra, or similar land craft, can comfortably cut a couple of hours off the left Imnded record we set up, most any tim© under favoring conditions. - '(Herald Tribune Syndicate)
The Risk Dental Clinic
DS. PAUL A. RISK DK. HABOU) J. BHIK BE. BOnBBT G. HnUC DS. LUTOmi A. BUUC
400 SdhaJitz Bldg. Phone 5701
the hangar, I noticed^some of the
same army men standing by who had done such valiant work on my Lockheed Vega when I was here in January, 1936. They are assigned to help me again by the very understanding officers in charge. My mechanical needs are mostly a service check. Hardly had our crew moved out of the ship when its
Midst Bowery decorations Thursday evening the Girls Glee Club entertained the Boys Glee Club in the rehearsal room of Fowler Hall at dinner. As a part of the evening entertainment the Glee Club Gossiper, a scandal sheet, made its first published appearance. , Mary Bell, general Girls Glee Club manager, was assisted in arrangements by Catherine Davis, Betty McKee, Maxine Peters, and Iva Swaney.
WRH Club To Entertain
Members of the faculty and townspeople will be entertained at a dinner given by the Women’s Residence Hall Club tomorrow afternoon at 1 o’clock. Musical selections will comprise the program which will be given following the dinner. Members of the club will act as hostesses.
A matchlessly accurate statistician at West Virgima Univ«»ity claims that you can buy 67,266 safety matches for the amount it ^ould cost you to buy a good cigarette lighter.
We ^ Parker Pens and Pencils R. a EISENBACH JeyreW and Optician . IH Main .Sinai ^
KEYS Kaya for tninfc% ioar lackiL daak locka, niarlit latehM and padtaeka. Aato kogra and handla locka a apaelalty. ^ F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phona 2828 Lafayatta, Ind.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street /
ERVICE
PRINTING
□
PHONE
<•52 618 CASSEt'S 408«a«i
OffiM SlaRoaanr c . Wlddlag laakaHcn* 'Bjilw, BlCa 4
BC^UNG Shoe Repair Shop , tn'tlM. VARSITY BOOT SHOP
■Scobee^'$'' ■ ■ ■ REMBiRANDT ^DIO Portraits Photo Snpplim 166 Tine SL West L«fsyette
(a 19ST Kuppenhelutr
STYLES FOR YOUNG i«EN. Yon ,eiia*Y eaae in a Knppenlieilner sporta aidt THE PICKWIGK haa fSree-reach ahonldera. THE COVE--plMls pitodnee a Moval **Bnnbnnit baek.” An Intieatment in gawdl' t^p^irane^ dnotW/ooftira: TAt (rouiwt Acv* Toiondoflira.
HENRY ROSENTHAL CO.
322 MAIN ST.
LAFAYKTrS
*‘That reminds me, daughter*-’^! have to call my secretary.”