V , , ' '>*"'? i , , 4 T "I l' ',♦ ,^ t
^ ^ -;it
^ 'W
V i'’
fifc
Z-ISI
FoiHidcMl In 18t9
§ Daily Sine* 190C
•'-Af
Volume 52. No. 184
West Lafayette. Indiana
Saturday. May 17. 1941
c,.y ci.b debMS announces 1941-42 STAFF
To Present Bojangles'
Curtain Rises On Annual
Production Tonight At 8
“Bojangles” will return to Fowler Hall tonight for its second annual appearance, starting at 8 o’clock. Cary Club is again presenting the 1941 version of its musical and novelty production admission free. Setting the tempo for the production Willie the rhythms of Roscoe Hass’s Cary Club orchestra. Dancing to his music will be the Caryettes, this year’s model of the same “precision chorus” that ap■peared in “Bojangles of 1940.” “Sweetshop 109,” or “Scared Harem,” will present a humorously distorted picture of campus life. Script for the skit came from the typewriter of Dick Cast. Maurice Udes, George Zissis, Richard DeLong, and Ed Seiler, all West Hall men, are collaborating to present a pantomine which is said to be one of the principal features of the show. Listed as writers, collaborators, and directors of this year’s “Bojangles” are Bert Bohlin, Harry Hooper, and Dick Gast. Reid Bennett is director of the Caryettes.
Personnel Men Hear
Gen.Hershey,Dr.Bray At Industrial Institute
Placing the responsibility for the proper functioning of the Selective Service act on the employer. Brigadier General L. B. Hershey, deputy director from the national headquarters of the selective service system addressed the afternoon session of the two day Personnel and Industrial Relations Institute yesterday in the Union.
At the banquet last night which concluded the conference. Dr. J. L, Bray, Head of the School of Chemical and Metallurgical engineering explained “Where Defense Materials Come Prom.”
At the morning session “Defense Training” was discussed by Edward Greene, director of Emergency training at Arsenal Technical High School, Indianapolis; Paul Mertz, advisory commission to council of National Defense and Dr. H. T. Heald, president of the Illinois Institute of Technology, e.g.k.
800 Cary Hall Men, Dates Attend Annual
Club Spring Formal
Eight hundred Cary Club men and their dates danced last night to the “boogie woogie” music of Will Bradley and his orchestra. The dance, held in both ballrooms of the Union, was closed to all except Club members. The backdrop represented a deep blue sky lyith the words “Cary Club” on the crest. Light was projected up between the sky and the foreground, giving an effect of depth to the scene. Blue initials of the club were contrasted against darker blue on the bandfronts. This annual spring formal is one of the last of the formal season, closing it with cotton prints and white coats. It is the last of several large dances, including the “Joe” Dance and Winter Formal, sponsored by Cary Club during the year.
Delta Rho Kappa
. . . honorary for distinguished science students, recently elected its officers for 1941-1942: James A. Bierlein, president; George Buntin, vice-president; Chester Eiegle, sec-retary-treasurer; and Florence Justin, social chairman.
Hayt, Morris, Adams, Graebner,
Towle Will Manage Year Book
Willia,m H. Hayt, EE ’42, of Cincinnati, jSetty Morris, HE ’42, of Shelbyville, and Bob Adams, ME ’42, of Gary will head the staff of the 1942 Debris as editor, associate editor, and business manager, respectively, the Debris electoral board announced following elections held yesterday afternoon. Herman Graebner, ME ’42, of Bay Village, 0., will be photography editor, and George Towle, Sci. ’42, will act as associate photography editor.
Hayt
Morris
Graebner
Adams
British Consider Nazi Infiltration At Dakar
New University Golf Course
Staff Members Honor
Worse Than In Syria Opens Today
H. F. Donagher; Hear South American Views
CAA Will Provide 20 Flight Scholarships in Summer Months
Training Will Provide Ground School Course
Axis Has Won Principal Victories In America
By Helen Kirkpatrick SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941 Chicago Daily NewJ, Inc. Iiondon, May 16—^While the British are taking action against the Germ^ forces permitted by the French to land in Syria, they regard the possibilities in Dakar as distinct, ly more menacing, and therefore President Roosevelt’s warning to Vichy last night is welcomed here as wise and timely. There is little doubt left in British minds that “the group of so-called Frenchmen with no French feelings whatsoever who surround Chief of State Petain” have definitely sold out to the Germans. Leahy Warns French So far nothing has been heard in London of Vichy’s reaction to the statements to Petain by Adm. William D. Leahy, the American ambassador. The admiral is believed to have told Petain that his minions have disregarded his assurances that France would not help Germany against Britain. The arrival of German planes in Syria prove beyond the shadow of a doubt that Darlan and pro-German Frenchmen have betrayed both Petain and their own pledges following the armistice. In these circumstances Leahy may have found it necessary to indicate American support for a British attack on Syria. He probably told Petam that French collaboration with German nullifies British guarantees of the restoration of Ftench independence after the war. Germans Entering Dakar The growing German strength in Dakar and Cosa Blanca presents a rather black picture for the British. Although the exact number of Germans in these places is difficult to establish, it is known that groups of 30 to 40 Germans, alleged to be mem" bers of the Disarmament Commis(Continued on page 4)
Nine holes of the University golf course, which has been under construction during the past fall and winter, will be opened for student play for the first time this morning at 9 o’clock, according to an announcement received yesterday from the office of athletic director, Mai Elward. Students may purchase tickets at the rate of 25 cents for each ninehole round on the course upon presentation of their passports at eiUier the ticket office in the Fieldhouse or at the first tee. The course is located on the tract of land noith of the campus and west of the stadium, with the first tee placed near the southeastern corner of the course, directly west of the present “Terrible Three.” With work well along on the second nine of the planned eighteenhole layout, the course will be open only for student play until later in the season when work on the entire course can be completed, r.l.h.
H. F. Donagher, Ag ’25, and since 1937 South Amferican manager for the Oliver Plow Company of South Bend, is spending several days on the campus renewing friendships with faculty and staff members. Donagher is on a furlough, one of several he has had back in the states since going to South America with the Oliver Company a little more than 15 years ago. He started there on sales and because of his wide experience and valuable work there has been advanced to the position of manager. Last night, he was guest of honor at an informal dinner by 15 friends on the Agriculture department staff of the University at the Memorial Union and spent two hours in a discussion of relations -between the northern and southern hemispheres, agriculture of the southern continent, political and ecofiomic questions.
Louie Lowe
. . . and his orchestra will play for the Union mixer tonight in the north ballroom from 9 to 12 o’clock.
Million Miles Of Travel Donagher, who has traveled more than a million miles in South America sinec he went there as a member of the Oliver sales force, reported that South American producers want trade with this country more (Continued on page 4)
According to word received from Director G. Stanley Meikle, twenty scholarships are expected to be provided by the Civil Aeronautics Authority for secondary ground and flight training at the University Airport during the summer months. Although confirmation has not been made, it is expected that the training will begin not later than the middle of June, and will provide for private, secondary, crosscountry, and student instructor basic training. All persons interested in this summer training should contact Meikle at once in his office in the Executive Building. In order to be considered for the secondary training, an applicant must holdvan active'private pilot certificate, must be from 19 to 26 years of age, and must pass a physical examination. Also, half of his college credit work must have been completed to be acceptable, b.g.s.
Exponent Workers Staff for today is: Hadley, night editor; Fox, day editor; Hunter, issue editor; workers: Fischer, Rocquemore, Keiper, Amos. —^Ruffner.
Mothers, Sisters, Sweethearts Turn
Out 120^000 Dressings For Red Cross
Sigma Nu's, Theta Xi's
Hold Formal Tonight
Sigma Nu and Theta Xi fraternities will hold a joint Spring Forml al tonight in the South Ballroom of the Union at 9 o’clock. The dance will feature Bernie Vance and his orchestra from the campus of the University of Illinois. Vance’s band is a highly specialized entertainment unit featuring the Three Aces (a brass trio), the Three Deuces ( a vocal trio), and the stellar sax sweetness of Bernie Vance and his silver-toned saxaphone. Bob Stebbins, handsome tenor, who has gained popularity with seveVal name bands, is the featured vocalist. The dance is the first sponsored jointly by the two fraternities and IS open only to members of the fraternities and outsiders having bids, h.g.d.
By Mary K. Boynton Most people are worrying these days about the men who are being drafted at home and those who are being killed abroad, but few of us stop to realize that even nearer to us an ever increasing army is taking a vital part of the present war. It is made up of your mothers and sisters and sweethearts, who have volunteered their services in the present emergency for the national defense service of the American Red Cross. In big, bare room 57 ih the subbasement of the Union, commonly termed the “dugout” because of its location, a group of women has turned out more than 120,000 surgical dressings in the past nine months. These women have many other occupations, but they have taken time out to contribute an invaluable service for those who are now being wounded or will be in the not so far-distant future. Part pf Vast Program Similar work is being carried on throughout the United States at the present time. Last summer a Red Cross representative from Washington, D. C., came to Lafayette to teach 26 women to make the 16 different types of bandages. These women now act as supervisors, instructing and inspecting the work of others. About every two months a national supervisor inspects the local workshop. All materials, such
as cotton and gauze, which are used in making dressings, are sent by the National Red Cross. They must be used efficiently and without waste, because both time and materials are limited. All dressings are carefully measured and counted, then checked and rechecked before being packed in waterproof boxes.
Greatest Quantity To Britain As soon as one three month quota is filled, it is sent either to the district headquarters at Toledo, Ohio, where it is distributed to the United States Army and Navy training camps, or to the National Red Cross station in New Jersey which sends supplies to Great Britain, Greece, Italy, and unoccupied France. The organization is politically impartial, and sends goods wherever they are needed. Supplies are not sent to the needy in German occupied territory because the authorities refused to accept them. The greatest quantity is sent to Great Britain.
due to the fact that many of the local workers are veterans who did the same type of work in the first World War. In addition to the surgical dressings which they prepare, these women distribute knitting and sewing materials to more than 1,500 local club women who make various garments including hospital pajamas and robes, sweaters, mittens, mufflers, and children’s caps.
National head of the American Red Cross is President Roosevelt, but the actual administration of the organization is done by Norman H. Davis, national chairman. Detailed instructions and specifications are sent to each chapter. Mrs. R. B. Wiley is chairman of the Tippecanoe County unit, which national inspectors have called one of the best in the nation. This is probably
Any One Can Work As many as 74 women have worked in the Union “dugout” in one afternoon, and the number of volunteers is increasing so that a new branch was recently established in the Presbyterian education building in Lafayette. This is open to all women In the community, including co-eds, teachers, women who are regularly employed elsewhere and high school girls over 15 years of age. The “dugout” is open every Tuesday evening at 7 o’clock, and all who cannot work in the dasrtime are urged to work then. Other hours are Wednesday afternoon beginning at 1 o’clock, and all day Thursday, from 9 until 4:30. Workers are entitled to wear a Red Cross veil after 26 hours of service, and the Red Cross pin after 60 hours. Supervisors wear white uniforms, and others are asked to wear either white uniforms o^; wash dresses.
Serving as junior editors will be Dorothy Benson, Marjorie Bollman, Jeanne Patrick, Amie Farnsworth, William Feik, Richard Carr, Harvie Merrill, and Richard Ball. Adam’s junior business staff will consist of Steve Minton, Joe Irwin, John Ely, and Mary Jane Burton. Ruth Walker, Jane Blank, George Corbus, Bill Ruggles, and Clark Ross will assist Graebner and Towle as junior photographers. On the electoral board were the 1941 Debris senior staff. Prof. J. H. McKee of the English department, W. A. Bodden, chief accountant and assistant controller of the University, and T. R. Johnston, director of the University bureau of information. j.h.a.
Foremen Meet Today; Will Discuss Defense
The second annual Foremen’s Institute of Indiana will be held today at the University imder the sponsorship of the engineering extension and education and applied psychology departments. The institute will have for its main question the place of foremen in national
defense.
A general session will be conducted in the morning in the Hall of Music at which Dean Potter will welcome the attending men. Afternoon sessions will be divided into separate meetings running from 1:30 to 2:45 and 3:00 to 4:15 o’clock. Each session will be divided to give those attending an opportunity to hear at least two
speakers.
An estimated group of between three and four hundred foremen will arrive this morning aboard a spec-
ial train from Evansville. Special buses will also bring delegates from Muncie, Marion, Gary, and East Chicago. Meeting places will be announced at the morning sessions. Professor M. F. Stigers of the division of Education and Applied Psychology is the general chairman of the Insti-
tute. t.b.n.
Indiana ASCE Elects
Officers At Banquet
At a banquet Thursday night, attended by a joint meeting of the Indiana section of the ASCE, and presided over by George T. Seebury, National Secretary of the ASCE, the following officers were elected: president, H. H. Truitt, vice-presi-dent, “Suds” Lux; secretary, W. H. Schmidt; treasurer, R. T. BaU. The Indiana section of the ASCE awarded free memberships in the society to C. H. Myers, and A. D. Lewis, in recognition of outstanding scholarship in the senior class. W. E. Teske won ten dollars for Hie best paper on “Highways.” L. B. McCammon went to Chicago yesterday to accept a free membership in the society from the Illinois section of the ASCE. h.g.d.
Prof. Miller
... of the School of Mechanical Engineering, accompanied by M, M. McClure and Carl Boester, attended the meeting of the Indianapolis AirConditioning Council last nig^t. Professor Miller presented the principle address entitled “Radiant Energy as Applied to Heating.”
%
%/ A
A
PjO^ I’^dUbL
Saturday, May 17, 1941
fijjUidujL £xfwtutnt
TodayLate War News • 'Freedom of the Seas' / President Roosevelt declared yesterday that freedom of the seas is'an historical American policy and asserted that Germany’s proclamation of a combat area in the Red Sea presents a question of Germany’s ability to make a blockade effective there. Jfs * • Germans Look Toward Syria Richard Mowrer cabled from Cairo yesterday, “The Germans are looking towards Syria. Simultaneously they are making the most of the moon to tiy to bomb the Suez Canal and interfere with the flow of materials arriving by way of the Red Sea.” * * + • Normandie In 'Protective Custody' The crew of the 82,000 ton French ship Normandie welcomed the United States action of taking the vessel into “portective custody.” The crew welcomed 10 American coastguardmen aboard at dusk Thursday morning and toasted President Roosevelt with champagne. Ill ij, « • Vichy Denies Casablanca Occupation According to a dispatch from Paul Ghali in Vichy yesterday, high French quarters deny that the new Franco-German agreement contains any provisions for occupation of strategic Casablanca in North Africa and Dakar in West Africa by German armed forces. • RAF Bombers Attack Hanover Strong forces of RAF bombers attacked Hanover last night, starting large fires in the industrial quarters and other big British war-planes attacked Berlin, Hamburg, Cuxhaven, Calais, Boulogne, and Dieppe, the British Air Ministry announced yesterday. A *• I • FBI Hints Sabotage A Federal Bureau of Investigation announcement of the possibility of sabotage spurred investigation of a million-dollar fire which destroyed a huge store of lumber allotments for defense orders in Philadelphia last
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1870, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1(822 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription, $3 60. Editor-in-Chief Ned A. Ochiltree News Editor John L. Traugott Business Manager Don S. Powers Publication Staff Managing Editor Leland W. Ruffner Associate Editors: J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, R. L. Hadley, F. I. Jones, E. J. Keiper Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. E Saxton ; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell, Accounts Managei : W. D Millaid. Co-ed Staff Editor Ruth Rose Associate Editors; Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Martha Jane Fox. i Sports Staff Editor Phil C. Johnson Associate Editors; O. T Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Brophy Day Editor: Chatfield Issue Editor: deBruyn Sports Editor: Fraser Staff. R. L. Hadley, F. I. Jones, E. G. Kieper, J. H. Armstrong, J. F. Amos, B G. Smith, M. A. Flannigan, M J Fox, C. Hass, M. K Boynton, J. S. Keeler, O T. Clark.
H/L JhiL (^hwudhjLL
• Episcopal Students St. Johns Church, Sixth and Ferry Sts., Lafayette. 8:00 a. m.—Holy Communion 10:45 a. m.—Morning Prayer and Sermon. Seabury Society will have picnic with Presbyterian group. Meet at University Presbyterian Church at 2:00 p. m.
• Presbyterian Students University Presbyterian Church, North and Grant Streets. Mr. John W. Findley, Pastor and Director of the Westminster Foundation. 9:S0 a. m.—Dr. Graves will lead the discussion on “Christianity and Democracy.” 10:30 a. m.—There will be communion service in connection with the morning worship sel'vice. 2:30 p. m. — The Westminster Foundation picnic at Camp Tecumseh. Group will meet at church and transportation will be provided. Ten cents charge. The cars will return at 8:00.
ish, Yankee Men And Arms Arrive In East By A. T. Steele SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyiight, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc Hong Kong, Mhy 16—East Asia newspapers today carry splashing stories of the mass flight of 21 flying fortresses to Hawaii and the arrival of “large numbers” of British troops and quantities of American war materials in Singapore. Nobody doubts that the deliberate publicity given these events by the
aiju. xa.111
• Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church, Columbia and Chauncey Streets. Joseph Baird Gleason, student pastor. 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club Class Hour. Ted Noss, teacher. 10:35 a. m.—Regular church services, Senior Day. Sermon, “Life Worthwhile.” 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Hamburger Fry at Wileys. Meet at Church, 6:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Discussion Hour in charge of seniors led by Dave Nelson.
• Methodist Students 8:30 a. m.—Cars leave for the Council Retreat at Battle Ground. 9:30 a. m.—Sunday School—Dr. H. L. Creek will teach, 10:40 a. m.—Morning Worship— Dr. Steele will preach on, “Learning and Doing.” 6:00 p. m.—Fellowship Hour, led by Gerry Pugh. 6:30 p. m.—Inaugural Addresses of the New Presidents. 7:15 p. m.—Worship service led by Rev. McFadden,
« Lafayette Christian Church Sixth an4 North Streets 9:80 a. m,—Student Class. There will be a guest teacher, as usual. 10:40 a. m.—Church Worship Ser-
designed to exercise the maximum moral deterrent on Japan at a time when that country seems torn with doubts as to its future course of action. It is regarded as a new and powerful attempt to discourage the Japanese from entering the war on the side of the Axis through utilization of the only diplomatic language the Japanese understand—a display of force. Puzzle To Orientals The spectacle of the British and Americans taking the initiative from the Japanese in the Pacific war of nerves is an unusual and puzzlingone for Orientals who are impressed with the fact that America is able to spare her great bombers for the Pacific and Britain able to spare her troops for Singapore despite their mutual preoccupation with the Battle of the Atlantic and the strain of Britain’s middle-eastern problem. Meanwhile, the Japanese wolf is doing its best to impersonate a lamb, though whether she is sinceie or merely stalling it is impossible to tell from this distance. It is a curious fact, however, that the Japanese official news agency, Domei, is sparing no expense in cable tolls to relay and disseminate throughout
vice. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will lead in worship, and Rev. Hubert Reynolds -vVill deliver the message entitled, “Christian, What Next?” At the close of the service, the graduating Seniors will be honored. The usual custom of presenting roses to these seniors will prevail; so, all seniors are requested to be present. 5:15 p. m.—Ten Cent Supper at 126 S. Chauncey. 6:00 p. m.—Forum (including recreation, singing, discussion and worship.) Seniors will lead the discussion as to how they would like' to see the Foundation advance. Cliff Montgomery will be the leader of Vespers,
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
Men of Steel! Women of Flame in a battle to a Finish! Which will win? GEORGE RAFT ANN SHERIDAN HUMPTERY BOGART IN THEY DRIVE . BY NIGHT
— TODAY ~ DOUBLE FEATURE The Best Picture of _ 1940 — REBECCA — WITH ■— LAURENCE OLIVER |OAN FONTAINE PLUS LAUREL and HARDY — IN—SAPS AT SEA
WBAA SATURDAY 11:00—Just Kids 11:16—Carolyn Wood—singer - 11:30—High School Guest 12:00—Markets 12:16—Woman Shopper 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Tune Time—Charles Powell 1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—Music Without Words 1:45—Monitor Views the News 2:15—Alberta Schmadel—singer 2:30—The Army Speaks 2:46—Afternoon Music 3:00—Campus Varieties 6:00—Concert Strings 6:30—Music of the Day
Department of Vital Statistics: Winnie Winkle, the Breadwinner, presented her husband. Bill Wright, with twins last week. Nah, Nah, Winchell!
Classified Ads
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone, 2779.
week and which threatened to consume a shipyard preparing to fill a $120,000,000 naval contract. • 'Hess Flight Not Party Break' “To believe that the flight of Rudolf Hess betrays a break in the Nazi party phalanx is a disregard for reality similar to that which led wishful thinkers the world over to believe that the Nazi blitz in the Balkans was bogged down, and earlier, that Hitler’s tanks were made of wood. It simply is not so,” j;adioed David M. Nichol from Berlin yesterday.
All Men interested in delivering Exponents for school year ’41-’42 write or call Bill Bell, Cary Hall South.
For Rent: Cut rates on rooms for summer students. Call 41061. 130 Marstellar, W. Lafayette.
Lost; Green fountain pen engraved name Charlotte Anne Finney. Reward. Call 2321.
Notices
Horseback Riders: WAA points can be earned by horseback riding. Ten points will be given for each ride, although not over 100 points can be obtained in one season. In order to earn points, it is necessary to sign up in the saddle room of the Riding Stables. —REDWINE.
the Far East all the speeches and statements of an appeasing tone emanating from America and Great Biitain. Soviet Pact Only A “Truce” A Domei report published here today quotes Sir Robert Clive, former British ambassador to Japan, as telling a Canadian audience that Japan would not dare to enter the war against Britain and the United States, which historically are two of her best friends. He also is alleged to have said that the Japanese-So-viet neutrality pact is “nothing but a truce for a short period of time” and that “Japan has always been nervous about the Soviet Union that she regards as her hereditary enemy.” There can be no doubt that every week of Japanese hesitation makes their South Pacific problem more formidable.
Freshman Camp Counselors: We will meet at Prof. Graves’ home at 227 S. Grant St. at 7:30, May 19, for instructions. Old campers invited. —SCHALLIOL.
WAA Archers: Archery tournament will be at 4 p. m. every evening this week. All tourney shooting must be finished by Tuesday, May 20.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 20, in room 134 EE building. P. H. Reedy will sUgak on “Recording.” Everyone is invited. —FREED.
PIA Board Members: Collect personal belongings from PIA files before Monday, May 19. —FOX.
I AIChE Members: Those who intend to attend the Chicago meeting Monday, May 19, sign up and pay the $1.60 transportation cost in Professor Shreve’s office before Saturday. The group will leave the chemical and metallurgical engineering building at 6 a. m. Monday morning. —MASSEY.
Pan-Hellenic Board: Meeting at 4 p. m. in room 303 of the Union Monday, May 19. —ADKINS.
Plize-winning editorials in the Interscholastic League Press Con"ference state-wide competition held at the University of Texas recently were from 81 to 124 words in length. They were written by high school students.
W« Are rtow Resraring rhe VITAMIN Bi Content of Our White Breads to Average Whole Wheat Levels by Using Fleischmann's Hi-Bi Yeast
GIIAVES miUlTV BAKmV
SUN.-MON. —2 HITS
withCharley Grapewin Marjorie Rambeau Gene Tierney
ALSO
WHOLT Great Swindle
LAST DAY — 2 HITS WARREN william in The Lone Wolf Takes a Chance also DON BARRY in THE PHANTOM COWBOY'
Reamera: Elections will be held at regular meeting Monday, May 19, at 7:16 in room 304 of Union. All members please be present. —BOHLIN.
Catalyst Club: Final picnic Monday, May 19. Sign list in Dr. Lovell’s office before noon Saturday, May 17. —YODER.
Fraternity Affairs Office Sophoknores: Report at 4 p. m. every day for the remainder of semester. —JACOBSON.
Purdue Wheelmen: Ride Sunday, May 18 at 2:30. Meet in front of Executive Building. Bring 26 cents for picnic. Everyone invited. —VANDERBILT.
Tau Beta Pi: Meeting for election postponed until Monday, May 19, at 7:30 p. m. in Union. —MONTGOMERY.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting in room 366 of the Union, Monday, May 19, at 6:80. —SAMS.
Cadet Officer Staff Members: Return sabers to supply room in the Armory immediately. —BROWN.
AIChE Picnickers: Members who intend to go on picnic sign list in the chemical engineering office before Tuesday, May 20. The picnic will be held Wednesday, May 21, at the fairgrounds. —MASSEY,
Junior Military Students: Uniform allowance is ready for payment at cashier’s office in Executive Building. Have your passports with you. —BROWN.
Change of Schools: Any student who has definite plans to change in Sept;pmber from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the registrar’s office. ' —STONE.
EE Seniors: All seniors with cars who can drive to senior picnic at Ross Camp, May 24, sign up on list on main bulletin board in EE building. —AULL.
All WBAA Staff: Get your invitations and tickets at the WBAA Studios or from Joyce Burnham by Tuesday, May 20. —MOREHOUSE.
All Debaters and JPorensic Managers: Get your invitations and tickets for Stage, Stump, and Studio Banquet from the Speech Office or Janet Morehouse by Tuesday, May 20. —MOREHOUSE.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Time of initiation and election of Officers changed to Monday, May 19, at 7 p. m. in the Chemistry Building. Be prepared to pay initiation fee—ALEXANDER.
ARC
— LAST TIMES TODAY
A Columbia Picture
— and —
jttHLSON PLUS 'MYSTERIOUS DR. SATAN" Serial FIRST RUN PATHE NEWS — SUNDAY - MONDAY — ARIZONA SWNIG WITH BING AMERICAN ROYAL
Undergraduate Dames: Picnic at Cary Camp for all members and their husbands Sunday, May 18. Meet at 10:30 a. m. at the home of Mrs. Tandy at 137 Pierce St. - —GERSTUNG.
Radio Classes: Meet at the armoiy today at 10 p. m. for tactical net instruction. In case of inclement weather class will be held in the armory. —BURKHART.
Scabbard and Blade: Annual picnic Saturday, May 17. Trucks leaving the armoiy at 6 p. m. For directions to picnic area see directions on advanced bulletin board. —CALDWELL.
To Whom It May Concern: Subscriptions to the Purdue Engineer which have not been paid to date must be paid before final exams. —SIOLEE.
Engineer Staff: Meeting Wednesday, May 21, at 4 p m. in the office. All staff members please attend and bring designs for next year’s cover. —M. B. H.
All Playshop People: Get your invitations_ and tickets for the Stage, Stump, Studio banquet at the Playshop office or from Jo Stong by Tuesday, May 20. —MOREHOUSE.
Exponent Staff: Short meeting of ail the sophomore and freshman men on the staff in the office Monday Evening at 4 p. m. Very important. —RUFFNER.
AIME: Election of officers Monday, May 19, at 4 p. m. in room 110 of the Ghem. and Met. Building. —PHILLIPS.
Alpha Phi Omega: Picnic and party for seniors and other actives Sunday, May 18. Meet in Swedish Lounge (268) of the Union at 4:30 p. m. Transportation and food provided for. R.S.V.P. Call C. G. Smith (2648) for reservations. —SIGLER.
Alpha Phi Omega: The Tee shirts have arrived. Please see or call Schalliol (66062) for yours. (6-19) —SIGLER.
DANCE REVUE By Pupils of Alien's School of Dancing Friday, June 6, 8:00 p. m. SUMMER CLASSES OPEN Saturday, June 14th BALLET, TAP and BALLROOM DANCING Private Lessons by Appointment PHONE 2150
Alpha Phi Omega: Executive Committee meeting of new officers at 8 p m. Tuesday, May 20, at the Pi Kappa Phi house. —SIGLER.
Starts SUNDAY
Laughing Loving... Fighting their way into I heart!
LAST DAY
in his new comedy ' lltfrj The GreAt DICTATOR
thwjould
HUMPHREY BO(ii' SYLVIA SIDNEY EDDIE ALBERT 'JOAN LESLIE
STARTS TODAY
— EXTRA — PETE SMITH SPECIALTY "9UIZ BIZ"
Scabbard and Blade: Installation of officers Monday, May 19, at 4 :16 p. m in the armory Uniforms and O.D. shirts are required. —MEESE.
Wesley Foundation: All members going on the overnight trip to the battleground should take bedding. (Sheets and covers.) —McFADDEN.V
%
%
'f
(pjuJidwi £xfwmrd
Saturday, May 17, 1941
fiagiL 3“Spuyi^
Baseball Team Loses To Minnesota Alpha Chi Rho Triumphs Bhnken Beaten In Tight Mound Women Wi//Present DiuAfArfinllTpam Inter-rrat6rniiy IrdCK
Duel; Fans Nine Gopher Batters Sports Show May 21
By JOE DOLAN Minneapolis, Minn., May 16.—(Special to Purdue Exponent) —Purdue and Minnesota met yesterday on the field of baseball, and it took the greatest defensive play ever witnessed on Northrop Field to enable the Gophers to defeat Don Blanken and a doggedly playing Purdue baseball team, two to one. Langan, Minnesota’s third baseman, emerged from the tilt in the role of the day’s hero, thanks to a fielding gem in the ninth inning that squelched a promising Riveter rally. Blanken’s Foolers —
On the mound, the day belonged to Don Blanken, whose dropping hook had the home talent fishing out of season. Don struck out nine opposing batsmen, while his oppoent, Flick, whiffed but two Boilermakers. In between strikeouts, the Gopher batters managed to frisk Blanken for seven hits while the Riveters ran a weak second with five blows. Minnesota was leading two to one when the Boilermakers appeared on the stage for their last desperate bid for victory in the ninth inning. Captain Bud Fisher opened the threat with a terrific line single to center field. Doherty laid down a perfect sacrifice bunt which nudged Fisher fo second. Riveter stock dropped when Gantz struck^ out, but with a two and two count on him, Purdue’s catcher. Young, slapped a liner down the third base line that had all the earmarks of a double. The Gopher third baseman, Langan, pivoted at the crack of the bat, stabbed the ball back-handed, and off-balance, threw Young out at
first base to end the game. Bad Start It looked like an evil day for the Riveters from the very first inning. Binkstand, Minnesota’s leadoff man, hit Blanken’s first pitch for a home run, but the Boilermaker pitcher, irked byisuch a reception, turned on his strikeout routine and stifled the Gopher scoring efforts until the seventh inning. The Riveters came to life in the fifth inning when they calmed the hard working Blanken’s mind by tieing up the ball game. Mike Byelene started proceedings by banging a long triple to left-center field. Mike stood inactive on third base until Janisch drove a long fly to left field which sent Byelene home after the catch. From then on, the Riveter bats were impotent until the flareup in the final frame. Evil Eighth Minnesota broke the tie in their half of the eighth inning on three successive singles to center field. Roland started the game-wrecking with his contribution, a whistling
Next Wednesday night the Memorial Gymnasium will be open from 7:30 to 9 p. m. for an exhibition of tumbling, dancing, and various sports by the department of physical education for women. Included in the program is a water ballet, tap dancing, folk dancing, gymnastics, and tumbling. The dance club and the Triton Club will assist in the program. There is no admission charge to the exhibition, and students, faculty, and townspeople are invited,
b.g.s.
All Campus
. . . golf chipping contest ends today. Entries may play between one and three o’clock on the green at the north end of the intramural field. The finals will be held Monday at four o’clock. " ’T'" single over second base. Sweeny thought the idea a good one and pushed Roland to second With a similar single. Swieger, present model of Minnesota’s famous fullbacks, completed the damage by singling home the winning run. The Riveters will take the field again today in an attempt to square the series. Either Emmert or Leifheit will take over the mound duties as the team tries for its fourth conference victory and a fighting chance for the first division. Purdue 000 010 000—1 5 1 Minnesota 100 000 OOx—2 7 1
Riveter Golf Team
Meets Butler Today With the present golf season nearing its close^ the Boilermaker links team will tangle with a visiting Butler combination in a four man match on the West Lafayette Country Club course, today in the morning and afternoon. The match, consisting of doubles rounds' in the morning and singles in the afternoon, will be the next to the last dual meet of the year. Only a dual match with the University of Chicago, here, on Monday and the state and Big Ten championships are left
on the Riveters’ schedule.
Last Monday, the Itiveters were dealt another defeat at the hands of Michigan, potential conference champions, by a score of 19-^. The Boilermakers have been beaten rather conclusively each time they have taken to the links, with the exception of the Detroit match and a 13-14 beating absorbed from Indiana at Bloomington about two
weeks ago.
Perhaps the most consistent shooter on the Gold and Black squad has been Wade Knipp, senior from Hammond. This is Wade’s first season as a member of Allspaw’s
team.
The Riveter combination for today will be composed of Bob Hoffer, George Dahl, Charley Curran in addition to Knipp. There will be four singles matches in the afternoon with Hoffer and Dahl and Curran and Knipp pairing for doubles in the morning.
Jhi {pjuAduiL WsimfuaL lAmofL qjoD/tL ^ojcL ...
WARM ON COOL DAYS
COOL ON WARM DAYS
Coffee and Tea Time in the COFFEE SHOP
A Date in the CHESTNUT ROOM Ideas for the Food Minded People . .
A Coke and a Light Sandwich in the SWEET SHOP
Food at the Union
The Union for Meals
A Delicious Lunch ^ in the GRILL LOUNGE
Everyone Points to the Union Eating Places for Finer Food
1% Regular Meals in the UNION CAFETERIA
JhsL fiwvdujL TnmuftwL lAnimu The Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
Alpha Chi Rho fraternity continued the blistering pace that they started Thursday night, and last night emerged the winner in the annual interfratemity track and field meet. Alpha Gamma Rho staged a late rush that enabled them to almost catch up with the high flying Alpha Chi Rhos, but the agricultural fraternity’s total of 19 5-6 fell a little short of the winner’s 211-2 total. The remainder of the fraternities were strung out along a long line with the Theta Chis in third place, Delta Tau Delta and Phi Kappa Psi tied for fourth, and Pi Kappa
Alpha in fifth place.
Outstanding marks were^made in the 220 yard dash, the high jump, and the javelin. Maloney, Phi Kappa Psi, took the sprint event in :23.4, Reynolds, Alpha Tau Omega, cleared 5 feet, 9 inches in the high jump, and Seymour, Kappa Delta Rho, hurled the javelin 151 feet. In winning the meet, Alpha Chi Rho takes over the crown formerly worn by Beta Theta Pi’s track team, which won last year’s outdoor meet. Much of the winner’s success can be credited to Vern Rising and Rolla Boughan, whose individual achievements helped to clinch the meet. Boughan, a Riveter and Golden Gloves boxer, ran to victory in the gruelling two mile run and then had enough loft to come back for a second in the half mile. Rising won the pole vault and placed in both hurdle events. 220 yard dash—Maloney, Phi Kappa Psi, first, Sumner, Alpha Gamma Rho, second , Boydston, Delta Tau Delta, third, Carter, Theta Chi, fourth. Time, .23 4 Two Mile—Boughan, Alpha Chj Rho, first, Swager, Pi Kappa Phi, second , Wemfurtner. Phi Delta Theta, third, Walsh, Pi Kappa Alpha, fourth Time, 11.13 6 220 yd low hurdles-—-Daniels, Alpha Chi Rho, Johnson, Beta Theta Pi, tied, second, Gamma Rho, first, Shimer, Theta Chi and Rising, Alpha Chi Rho, and Niel, Delta Tau Delta, tied for third Time, 28 8. Half Mile—Scheurall, Pi Kappa Alpha, first, Boughan, Alpha Chi Rho, second, Du Broff, Sigma Alpha Mu, third Time, 2 08 5 Javelin—Seymour, Kappa Delta Rho, first, Montague, Kappa Sigma, second, Adams, Alpha Chi Rho, third , Lawson, Phi Kappa Psi Distance, 151 feet Broad Jump—Daniels, Alpha Gamma Rho, first, Spetner, Tau Epsilon Phi, second ; Livinghouse. Alpha Tau Omega, third, MacMillan, Alpha Chi Rho, fourth. Distance 20 feet, 9 inches High Jump — Reynolds, Alpha Tau Omega, first Duffin, Delta Upsilon, second , Burkholder, Alpha Tau Omega, Spetner, Tau Epsilon Phi, and MacGilvray, Sigma Pi, tied for third Height, 6 feet, 9 inches Half Mile Relay—Alpha Gamma Rho, fiist. Triangle and Theta Chi tied for second , Phi Kappa, third Time, 47 9
I M Schedules BASEBALL Monday, May 19
Diamond
1. Delta Tau Delta vs Sigma Chi 3 Theta Chi vs Winner, TKE vs Pi
Kappa Alpha)
Winner (SPE vs Phi Sigma Kappa) vs Loser (TKE vs Pi Kappa Alpha) Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 12 Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 9 Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 6 Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 11
4. li 8. 9. 10
TENNIS Saturday, May 17 1 00 p m —All-Campus Sells vs Branner or Lichtenberg Mangold vs Armstrong or Ratchford Pickenng vs Murphy or Fleck Freshmen— Brower vs Wells
Mangold vs Richard Anderson Schweig vs Lichtenberg
Saturday—Doubles Cary Hall Cary Hall 6 or 8 vs Cary Hall 2'7)r 6 Cary Hall 12 or 3 vs Cary Hall 1 or 9 Cary Hall 14 or 4 vs Cary Hall 7 or 16 Cary Hall 10 or 13 vs Cary Hall 11
BASEBALL Saturday Diamond 2 Ward 27 vs Ward 24 6 Sigma Chi vs Delta Tau Delta 7. Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Alpha 8 Beta Theta Pi vs Phi Kappa Tau 10. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Phi Sigma Kappa 11 Kappa Delta Rho vs Phi Gamma Delta
WBAA Chooses Officers For Badio Guild Next Year Elections of the WBAA Radio Guild officers for next year was held last night in the Hall of Music. Those chosen-were: Bill Stewart, Sci. ’44, president; Larry Myers, ChE ’43, vice-president; Becky Pervine, Sci. ’43, recording secretary; Ann A. Pierce, Sci ’42, alumni secretary; and Faith Wa3me, Sci. ’43, treasurer. c.f.h.
the Purdue Exponent Service Direotory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic rAvu A. rlSSK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th tr Mein Sts. Phene 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
e jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
SPECIAL OFFER on Genuine
850
50 fo,
Indindes Engraving oi Plate
/
Our engraving deparbneni now has on .display one of the largest and most complete selections of genuine engraved wedding announcements and invitations. Choice of over 50 styles of engraving — white or ivory paper— paneled or plain—double envelopes to match. 50 invitations as low os $11.50. Additional announcements or invitations at 6c. 50 At Home or Reception cards to match os low os $5.00.
Have a beautiful ever-lasting card tray made from your engraved wedding plate for only $3.Q0. Inquire also about our lovely Bnde's Book of wedding, memories. A complete record of your marriage.
Come in and inspect these great values. Samples now on display of HAYWOOD’S RETAti. per?. Fifth and Ferry St*. Ufayette. led.\
S^aqA, 4 - ^jumaL
Saturday, May 17, 1941
fiivulm. £xp0naML
French Blame U. S. Indecision For Nazi
University Students To Present Air Show
Pressure On Vichy DuringAviationWeek
By John T. Whitaker SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Lisbon, May 16.—French concessions to Germany will amount in practice to military collaboration against Great Britain, it is felt here today by qualified observers. For nearly a year Hitler has played a cautious game with Vichy alternating threats with promises. This caution has been dictated by no lojve of France but by the necessity of preventing either the French Navy or the French Empire from coming into the war on the British
side.
The moment has now come when the active support of both, rather than their continued neutrality, is desired by Berlin. Hitler needs passage through Morocco, Algeria and Tunisia if he is to reinforce his Libyan army. Hitler Asks—France Gives No details of Hitler’s arrangement with Vice-Premier Darlan have yet reached the Vichy legation here but the prevailing opinion among Frenchmen is that Hitler has asked for what he wants and Vichy is ready to grant his demands. If these Frenchmen are right. Hitler’s victory has been won not in Vichy but in Libya and America. It has been won by the German panzer divisions that endangered the army of Gen. Sir Archibald Wavell, British Middle Eastern commander, and by Col. Charles Lindbergh, Herbert Hoover and others, who have persuaded France that America is divided and unable to enter the war in this possibly decisive phase. Says America Is Too Late “Concessions are being made to the Nazis,” said a man qualified to speak for Vichy, “because we believe America is going to wait until it is too late. Whether Hoover and Lindbergh reflect the true attitude of America or not, their views have been exploited by the Germans in France. One thing alone could bring them in on the British side. That is the appearance of American bombers over Berlin and American warships in the Mediterranean. “Your Le^hy (Adm. William D. Leahy, United States ambassador to France) talks tough at Vichy and asks why we don’t play the AngloSaxon game. Our answer iS; what are you doing in America? Wars are won by fighting, as we learned in the most crushing defeat in our history. Instead of learning our lesson, you Americans are repeating all our blunders. You have nqt proved to us any reason why the Germans are not going to win the war.” France Already Aids Germany French factories are making arms for Germany and French ports are serving to take Germans to Africa, while the Nazis steadily loot France of foodstuffs and raw materials. The Germans have now asked Darlan for more than this, and for the added concessions they promise to reduce the costs of the army of occupation, which already is only a third of what is being charged. They promise to release,a number of French prisoners, which is only a fraction of those held, and they promise to loosen the line of demarcation, which only means that their actual occupation of France will be extended. Forestry Club To Hold Field Day - Cary Camp Forestry Club, annual Field Day will be held at Cary Camp this afternoon and evening. Inter-class athletic and forestry contests will begin at 2 o’clock. These will include baseball and track events and contests for identification of trees and cruising timber, concluding with a sawing contest and tug-of-war. All forestry students and faculty and their friends are welcome for the admission fee of 25 cents. Cary Camp is about eight miles southeast of Lafayette on Route 8. Two buses will leave the horticulture bjiilding, the first at 1 o’clock and the second at 1;80 p. m. for those who have no other transportation. m.k.b.
Aviation Week activities, beginning with a banquet on Saturday night. May 24, followed by the annual Airport dance from 9 to 12 o’clock, will be climaxed by the Air Show sponsored by the Glider Club and Flying Club on Sunday afternoon. Prof. E. L. Kelly, of the department of education and applied psychology, will act as toastmaster at the -banquet, and Irv Given and his band will furnish the music for
the dance.
Fighting Craft To Perform Star attraction of the Air Show will be Mike Murphy, permanent winner of the Freddie Lund trophy for precision acrobatic flying. Also included in the Air Show will be a demonstration of the U. S. air corps’ latest fighting craft from Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio; five co-ed pilots putting Cub trainers through their paces, and a demonstration of advanced CAA pilot training by J. D. Harrington and Joseph Halsmer. Free parking will be provided, with the regular admission fee of twentyfive cents, m.b. University Riding Club Elects 1941-'42 Officers; Plan New Bridal Path At a regular meeting of the Purdue Riding Club Thursday night the following officers were elected for 1941-’42: president, Tom Graham, Ag ’43; vice-president. Jack Tirpak, Sci ’42; secretary, Sylvia' Pittman, HE ’43; treasurer, Tom Baldwin, Ag ’43; historian, Jean Frankenbery, HE ’43; social chairman, Jeanette Haynes, HE ’43. A committee was appointed to investigate the possibilities of a bridle path. A map of the proposed path has been drawn up and will be presented to the authorities next week. There will be a jumping team organized in the club next year. Two meets will be scheduled with the Culver Military Academy jumping team. The meets will be held at the academy, using Culver mounts. A barn dance to be held next fall at the hay barn was discussed. There will be a treasure hunt on horseback tomorrow morning at
9:30. h.g.d.
Lafayette Theatre Will Show Reamer Sponsored Movie ^ By Bill Wendell “Reaching for the Sun,” the picture which will be sponsored through its showing af the Lafayette theatre next Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday by the Reamer club will supply funds which the club gives to the intramural department each year. This picture, which stars Joel McCrea and Ellen Drew was taken from the story, ‘F. 0. B. Detroit,’ and concerns the trials of a backwoods laddy who works, with considerable discontent, in a large automobile factory in Detroit. Enter Trouble He marries the beautiful heroine, of course, and they have a heck of a time, what with lay-offs and family trouble. Especially since the husband doesn’t Hike one of the other boys in the plant and gets in a fight with him. Both of them using huge machines that handle tons of iron. Something like Guargantua and Toto in a love match. Billy Gilbert, Albert Dekker and Eddie Bracken play feature roles in the movie. Tickets may be purchased from any member of the club, and only tickets purchased through the club will count toward piling up the required funds for the intramural awards. The guy that runs the theatre is a little queer. He wants to make money—so all the tickets he sells, he keeps the cash therefrom, leaving the University richer only from the tickets purchased from the club members. Stage, Stump, Studio Join In Banquet Thursday Night Stage, Stump, Studio banquet, to be held in Lincoln Lodge next Thursday, May 22, will be the final gettogether for students who have been active in Playshop, forensic activities, and WBAA during the past year. Interested students may secure tickets at the WBAA studios or at Fowler Hall before 4 p. m.. May 20, for sixty-five cents; or they may be purchased from Joyce Bumham, Janette Morehouse, and Jo Stong. The dinner is held annually to bring together more closely the participants in the three related activities, and awards from each are made during the dinner, b.g.s.
British Consider Next foundaiion Eieds Howe Staff Members Honor
Store Your Furs Nosv
at STEIGER’S Only Cold Storage Plant for Furs in Lafayette
Phone 4935 Rates $2*00 up
(Continued from page 1) sion, have been arriving at Dakar almost weekly for the past three months. The number now must be many hundreds. There also are reports of German planes being concentrated in this strategic Atlantic port. The reserved British optimism over Syria and Iraq may be due to the fact that so far only German planes carrying “technicians” have arrived. Actual German troops have yet to arrive and these are not expected to be air-borne. Meanwhile, sufficiently large ground staffs have not yet reached Syria to permit the Germans to throw any considerable air force against the British in Iraq. It was suggested in Parliament that in view of France’s withdrawal from the League of Nations, her mandate over Syria can be taken as^ at an end. While this might be legal as grounds for the British occupation of Syria, it is likely that such a measure would only serve to throw the Syrian Arabs to the side of Iraq’s rebel premier, Rashi Ali al Gailani. Moreover the British are committed to Gen. Charles de Gaulle’s Free French to maintain the semi-inde-pendent status of Syria to permit postwar France to give Syria full independence at an appropriate moment. Prof, A. J, Carlson . . . University of Chicago physiology department head and national president of the American As-, sociation of Scientific Workers, will address that organization on “Aims and Functions of the Association,” and “Can Science Aid Mankind” at an open meeting tonight at 8 o’clock in the lecture room of Stanley Coul= ter Hall. The local chapter of the Association, headed by Dr. K. Lark-Horo-vitz of the Physics department, is acting as host to Professor Carlson.
New Director At Meeting Harrison E. Howe, editor of “Industrial and Engineering Chemistry,” and a leader of the American Chemical Society, was elected as the new director of the University Research Foundation at its annual meeting held on the campus Wednesday. H. C. Blackwell, University alumnus, and general 'manager of the Union Gas and Electric Company at Cincinnati, was re-elected a director. Officers of the Foundation also re-elected are Dr. E. C. Elliott, president; David E. Ross, vice-pres-ident; R. B., Stewart, secretarytreasurer; and G. S. Meikle, research director, j.h.a. Pres, E. C, Elliott ... is attending a meeting of the science committee of the National Resources Planning Board in Washington, D. C. He will return to Marion Saturday night to speak at a meeting of the Indiana division of the American Association of University Women.
(Continued from page 1)' than anything else, and that practically all exports there are agricultural, which must be exchanged for the manufactured products of this country. “We are now supplying South America with about 86 percent of the farm machinery used there, and have our fair share of many of the other products they import. They really must sell some of their beef and corn to get the money to buy not oply the machinery but all manufactured articles made in this country,” said Donagher. Heads Sales' Organization He told of the Oliver .sales and branch organization which he heads in the southern countries and of methods of livestock and crop production upon which his firm depends. He mentioned a tractor-that sells here for about $1,300 and down there for $1,800; of a well-known car which sells here for about $800 and cost him $1,600 in Buenos Aires where he resides. He was accompanied here by Mrs. Donagher and their two daughters. During his Senior year, Donagher was editor-in-chief of the Debris.
BRING THEM TO SOUTUWORTH’S
k HEAR YE! MONEY FOR YE USED BOOKE
• A quick freshener for perspb*-ing-hot, dusty skin. Makes a li^tly fragrant summer rubdown, to maintain after-bath daintiness. Choice of 4 scents— Mountain Laurel, Tropical Spice,Natural andnew Bluelria,
The Advantage Is with Crown Cleaned Clothes Crown Cleaning gives your clothes added protection— Wool garments are protected by the Monite Moth-Proof process—exclusive with Crown at no extra cost.
M |E a L «_A:jLAJL«b JE r i JLI. .e j t
OlE MAN RHYTHM HEAR HIM ON COLUMBIA RECORDS • 35707 Celery Stalks at Midnight Down The Road A-Piece (Trio) • 36044 I Boogied When I Should Have Woogied That's Her Mason Dixon Line • 36082 Call Me a Taxi Shadows in the Night • 35939 Stardust Chicken-Gumboogie • 35849 Lonesome Road You're Lucky to Me These and Many Other Hits at THE FOSTER SHOP East Side ol Square