rw
f
merry-go-round Discusses Soldier Vote V Question Volume 56, No. 111
Established 1881
xMMiem ^ Dig! DigIDig! ,
Purdue Universify, West Lafayette, Indiana
EDIT SUISGESTI Progressive Course Changes Saturday, February 5, 1944
Boilermakers Whip Ohio State Buckeyes, 59-49
Girls Get Chance Robinson Will Lead Stamp Drive Tops
To Chase The Men Headliners In Victory
Varieties February 12
By Pat Richardson
“Gather ye rosebuds while ye may ... and while ye may go marry, for having lost but once your prime, ye may forever tarry.” Forsooth, little cherubs, the Gold Diggers Ball is tonight and there remain still a few hours in which to wolf a man. Forget not that Coeds are the escorts tonight, and to uphold the best gold digger tradition,
coeds must call for their dates, buy the refreshments, open all
doors and shower upon the man « ■ . . all those little courtesies, that JlXth AnnUBl InStitUte
the deadliest of the species consider
their prerogatives.
U. of I. Orchestra Will Play - Ernie England and his orchestra from Illinois University will play from 9 to 12 p. m. in both ball-
rooms of the Union.
$600; Betty Cantley Leads Contestants
Teachers Will Attend
Meeting February 12
During the first four days of the
. . i.1 *1 ’ X- combined war bond and stamp drive
Following the announcement at the musical organizations and Queen of Hearts contest 13,722 convocation last Saturday by Albert P. Stewart, director, that votes have been purchased. Winthe seventh Victory Varieties is to be held next Saturday, ”er of the contest will be crowned
Stewart announced yesterday the list of performers booked for the show. Both a matinee and evening performance are scheduled for next week’s program,
Between 600 and 700 teachers from five counties in this section of the state are expected to attend the sixth annual combined County Teachers’ Institute sponsored by
, , , . , ... the University’s division of educaancers an w ir away wit t e applied psychology which man Eds will at last be complete- Saturday, Feb-
ly at the mercy of the female wolf-
And then comes the revolution. Coeds will be allowed to cut in on
esses. “Dear mama, last night the stag line cut in on me seven times; ain’t I a p. k. though. Yours, lovingly, Herbert.” Yoo Hoo, Leap Year Appropriate indeed is the ball this year, for this is 1944, better known as “leap year.” Since the ball is so early in the season it should have coeds used to the idea of chasing their man openly by the time a young man’s fancy turns to—you know what. This is only a starter, coeds—get in the groove and really make 1944 a year to be remembered.
beginning at 3:30 and 8 p. m.,
respectively.
Buddy Franklin and his fourteen piece orchestra will be the featured band for the ^ows. Franklin stars a trio of girl violinists, Yvonne, Hope and Sylvia, who formerly were members of the Chicago Women’s Symphony. One of the headliners of the program will be Bill “Bojangles” Robinson, star of radio, stage and screen, who is now appearing at the Oriental Theater in Chicago. He will come to the Music Hall from the National Theater in Louisville, where he is scheduled to play after
his Chicago engagement.
Scheduled for a return engagement will be the Malone Sisters, who appeared here on the second Varieties, They will present an en-
tirely new program.
Debris Calls Cartoonists Tuesday At 4
Since “Boilermaker Pete”, a cartoon figure which shows a husky, barrel-chested man carrying a mallet and wearing the letter “P” will be used as the theme for the next Debris, persons with ability as cartoonists are needed to draw “Pete” in a variety of activities and poses to illustrate the different sections of
Rally In Second Half Clinches Riveter Win Minus the services of two outstanding players. Bill Lodge and Jack Kennedy, the Boilermaker net squad raced to their seventh straight conference win of the season by downing Ohio State, 59 to 49, last night at Columbus, Ohio. Trailing throughout the first half, the Riveters suddenly — came to life and scoring sprees
by Dennis Horn and Paul Hoffman sent the visitors into the lead. This was the second conference loss for the Buckeyes
in seven starts.
Piayshop Begins Final Rehearsals Of Current Comedy
queen at a dance Saturday, February 12, and her attendants will be announced at the same time, according to Ginny Armstrong, Union ex-
ecutive.
Standings of the prospective queens, who were nominated by their various sororities, cooperative houses, independent houses and res-
idence halls are as follows: Betty rently in the final rehearsal stage who suddenly got hot and started Cantley, 3298; Jean Crane, 3107; this week at Fowler Hall, and the the Riveters on their scoring flurry. Helen Hanlen, 1282; Phoebe polished production will be present- Horn and Hoffman both tallied a Knowles, 1213; Helen Holt, 1104; on February 10, 11 and 12, ac- total of 14 points apiece during the Lillian Oyler, 975; Doris Dant, 894; cording to Carl B. Cass, Piayshop evening. Steve Frazier and Taylor June Hansen, 879; Bettianne Mur- director. Kay Foster plays the part were tied with 8 apiece,
phy, 832; Peggy Miner, 98; Mary of Tracy Lord, Betty Wedge is MarBowlby, 40. garet Lord, the mother, and Sarah
It was John Taylor, V-5 trainee who was sent along
“The Philadelphia Story” is cur- with the squad to replace Kennedy,
ruary 12.
M. W. Fodor, columnist for the Chicago Sun and former war correspondent, will be the principal morning speaker following an address by Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the division of education and ap-
plied psychology.
Following a luncheon and a brief musical interlude, the afternoon
Erances WUls, an acrobatic control ^ office on any day
dancer. The Carltons are now ap- that they are free,
pearing at the Roxy Theater in New
Voting will take place daily in Andrew plays Dinah, the youngest
front of the Sweet Shop from 3 to 5 daughter.
p. m. until February 11. One vote Macaulay Connor is played by is allowed for every 5-cent,pur- Robbin Padorr; Liz Imbrie is por-
the book, Carolyn Richardson, art chase, with a 10 cent stamp giving trayed by Mary Ann Swern; David editor, has announced. votes; 26 cents, 5 votes; |1, 20 Siler plays George Kittredge; C. K. To Hold Callout Tuesday j votes; $18.75, 375 votes; $37.50, 750 Dexter Haven is played by Eugene A callout for persons interested Ballots Levine; William Tracy is portrayed iiV drawing “Pete” will be held in obtained at the time of pur- by Jerry Nadler, and Seth and
the Debris offices in the Union Tues-
Sandy Lord are played by Jim of the series. Summary:
Two acrobatic acts will play, the ^ay at 4 p. m., although those who Carltons, a father and sqn act, and ”0* ^^le to attend the callout
Heritage,” by Dr. Edward Doudna, secretary of the Wisconsin board of regents. Albert P. Stewart will direct the musical program, which is to consist of numbers by the University sextet and Barbara Hips-
kind, harpist.
Ex-Student
Ties Air Ace State Greenkeepers
To Study Synthetic
Materials Here
“Use of substitute materials for war-time golf course maintenance” will be the subject of the sixth annual Indiana greenkeepers short course held at the University February 28-29. The course, sponsored
Capt. Walker M. Mahurin, former student in the aeronautical and mechanical engineering schools at the University, tied yesterday for leadership among American air aces in the European theater of the
■war.
Capt. Mahurin, who is from Fort Wayne, flies a Thunderbolt and is based somewhere in Ertgland. It was over Wilhelmshaven in Germany that he bagged his sixteenth
enemy plane.
Green Potters Name Candidates For Queen Of Freshman Class At the Green Potters’ smoker held Friday evening, February 4, the following girls were nominated for
freshman queen: Jo Ann Walters, noted golf course authority; discus-
Lqgene Briggs, Sara Hayes, Peggy Irwin, Donna Wiggam, Barbara Currie, Peggy Buck, Phoebe Knowles, Marty Snyder and Ann
Riedman.
Votes for the queen and her at-
tendants will be cast at the door of bring the course to a close.
Green Potters’ Ball, which will be held February 19, and the queen will
be crowned at the dance.
in cooperation with the University ing the musical organizations office
department of agricultural extension, will be conducted on a round
table discussion basis.
Dr. George Scarseth, head of the agronomy department, will lead a discussion on soils and fertilizers Monday afternoon. He will be followed by Prof. G. 0. Mott, agi’onomy department, taking up the problems associated with grasses
and fairways.
Tuesday’s program will include discussions on “Around the Country,” by 0. J. Noer of Milwaukee,
“Pete” was originated about six
York" City. " lncidentally7the son'is '‘8'° owner of one of the
Village bookstores and has since been used as stickers for car windows, decoration for stationery and the central theme in homecoming
decorations.
Graduates To Receive Opportunitf For Navy Commission Training Students graduating from the University at the end of the semester will be offered the opportunity of obtaining a commission in the United States Navy for general
6 years old. Miss Wills’ engagements include the Radio City Music Hall, Chez Paree, the Chicago and Oriental theaters. Completing the show will be the Selendias, who present topical satires of the dance. They will come directly from the Jefferson Hotel in
St. Louis.
Ticket prices have been upped to 60 cents for this Victory Vaiieties in order to indicate to the committee whether big names are of interest to the public. Tickets go on sale today at Loeb’s, Decker’s and Glatz’s stores on the east side, and at Southworth’s and Deac’s stores, the west desk of the Union Build-
and WBAA studios on the west side. Students Respond To Miller's Request For Immunization
tion of providing the University with constructive suggestions and opinions from the student body. According to Bob Adler the questionnaire is divided into four parts. The first deals with campus activities, questions asked by the War Council and opinions concerning the Senate date bureau. Part two has to do with the proposed service
duty upon graduation, according to men’s vote, while part three asks
chase of stamps and bonds. Officials hope the number of
stamps and bonds purchased and votes cast will eventually equal the results of the history-making Riv-
eters’ Rassle queen contest.
Student Senate
Runs Survey Student Senate is distributing a
war effort information survey to all
men on the campus with the inten- above-mentioned ' shows”,’ playing
The tight defense of the Boilermakers held the Buckeyes’ high scoring forward, Don Grate, to a mere five counters. Arnold Risen, 6 ft. 8 in. center, carried off the high scoring honors of the evening with
a total of 15 points. Second Game Tonight
Tonight the two squads will meet again in the second and final game
Yingst and Carl Zeigler, respective-
ly.
Kay Foster, besides holding down the job of assistant business manager of Piayshop, has appeared in several plays, among which was “Cuckoos on the Hearth.” Sarah Andrew is in her element as Dinah. This role calls for much the same personality as her parts in “CJaudia,” “The Man Who Came to Dinner” and “Hay Fever,” all
produced last year.
Betty Wedge was also in the
Daruschka in “Claudia” with the proper gusto. Robin Padorr was last seen as Banjo in “The Man Who Came to Dinner.” Tickets at 75 cents are now on sale at the Fowler Hall box office and mail orders are being accepted
daily.
information from the president’s of-
fice.
In o^der to gain the rank of ensign, to which the graduate will be entitled, a student must pass the physical requirements, which in the case of eyesight qualifications have been lowered to include all men
Response to the Student Health with 15-20 or better.
Service’s request that all students With this offer the Navy has
Students Discuss Racial Relations, Differences Af Open YWCA Meeting
Purdue (59)
G
Hoffman, f
5
Horn, f
. .. 6
Frazier, c
.. . 4
Haag, g-
2
Friend, g
X
Elliott, g . ...
1
Charcolla, f . ...
0
Taylor, c
.. . 4
Walley, g
0
Totals
23
Ohio State (49)
G
Grate, f
. ... 2
Dugger, f . . .
.. 3
Risen, c . . .
.. .. 5
Bowen, g
. . 2
Huston, g
. .. 2
Caudill, f
, 4
Gunton, g .
0
Griffin, c
0
Totals
18
Score at half:
Purdue, 21.
Ohio
G FG PP
13 18
G FG PP
for student opinion on convocations. The last division provides specific information for certain campus ac-
tivities.
The questionnaire was given to
men of the navy and marines last “What is Race?” was one of the Monday, but due to lack of workers questions discussed at an open further distribution was delayed, meeting on “Racial Relations” Surveys will be given Monday to sponsored by YWCA Tuesday aftcivilians. Oi’ganized civilians will ernoon in room 358 of the Union.
and staff members who have not changed its policy for granting be given blanks by their house pres- Some viewpoints expressed by been immunizeVl against typhoid in commissions to include civilian men idents, who will receive them from the group under the student lead-
sions of insect pests led by Glen Lehker, University entomologist, and discussions of weeds and crabgrass by 0. C. Lee, University botanist. An open discussion on general maintenance pioblems will
the last two years come to the without the practical experience Senate workers, while the remainHealth Service for shots or capsules which was necessary for considera- big eds may obtain theirs at the has been very satisfactoi y, accord- tion pieviously. Any student who west desk of the Union Building.
ership of Laurie Wear were: “Pigmentation and various other bio-
Post Enjoys Yankee Popcdrn In Italy
Plant Research Society Transfers To University From Capitol Offices
ing to Dr. S. J. Miller, director of
the service.
Dr. Miller remarked last night that many student groups have applied ‘’en masse for immunization treatments. He also said that many staff' members have been vaccinated against typhoid in the last two days. Results Encouraging Although he was pleased with the results of the campaign so far. Dr
wishes to avail himself of the oppor.tunity is requested to get in touch with the head of his school before Friday, February 11. Senate Announces Deadline Extension
\
According to Bob King of the Student Senate, the handbook contest.
Business offices of the American
Glen M. Smith of the botany staff Phytopathological Society and its of the Agricultural Experiment Sta- international j<j)urnal, Phytopatholtion received a letter yesterday have been transferred to the from Mrs. John W. Post, who said University from Washington, D. C., that her husband, a University where they have been for over 16 graduate, enjoyed good Indiana pop years, it was reported yesterday, corn, although he is far away in Dr. Ralph M. Caldwell, head of Italy. the University’s botanical departLt. Post received a Christmas ment, was recently elected treasurer shipment of corn from his wife and of the society and business manager popped it in his mess kit. He and of the journal. Phytopathology is his fellow officers enjoyed it so much the world’s leading publication ret)iat they sent back a request for porting on research work in progmore. The supply at home was poor ress on the disease of plants. It goes but Smith managed to find 10 to membeis of the society and lipounds of pop corn, which he sent braries throughout the world, to Ml’S. Post. The corn is now on Many copies sent abroad have its way to Italy. bedn lost during the war period and Both Lt. and Mrs. Post graduated many could not be sent to occupied from the University in 1941, in elec- countries of Europe and Asia. The trical engineering and home eco- journal, therefore, is now being held nomics respectively. Lt. Post was for many foreign subscribers, waita member of the wrestling team. ing for the end of the war.
Miller hoped that students who have which was supposed to have ended not received treatment as yet will last Tuesday, has been held open apply for one of the two forms of until next Monday for some prosvaccination within the next few pcctive entries which have not been days. Up to the present time oral completed as yet. Anyone else who treatment, consisting of one capsule wishes to submit an entry before a day for three days, has been most then may do so.
A few good sketches have alieady been submitted to the committee in charge, and the judging committee
Union Dance Features Meade Tonight At 9 Continuing the seiies of Saturday night dances, sponsored by the Student Union, the south ballroom will be open for couples and stags. This dance will be separate from the north ballroom and will feature Lowell Meade and his orchestra. The mixer will last from 9 to 12 p. m.
popular with students. Preventative Measure Student Health Service is making this request to prevent the disease, which is rapidly spreading through the state, from reaching the campus. Several cases have already been reported in Lafayette, but the largest number of cases were found in Peru. Most cases have developed during the last two
weeks.
Mortar Board Pledges Martha McCulloch Judy Jones Mary Dilts Ruth Ford
will confer with the printers of the handbook some time after Monday to select the cover design which will be used. Announcement of the winnei of the $10 prize will be made in Thru sday’s Exponent. ( Omega Chi Epsilon Omega Chi Epsilon, chemical engineering honorary, announces the pledging of: John W. Jameson J. R. McWhorter Robert M. Montague B. Newsom David A. Vogel
APA To Show Movie distinguish Jewish people, but they
In Color On Blood Plasma Tuesday
American Pharmaceutical Association is sponsoring a technicolor sound movie on the Baxter vacuum technique of drawing blood and pdeparing blood plasma in room 311, Pharmacy Building, Tuesday at 4 p. m.
13 17 ate, 24;
Free throws missed: Hoffman, 3; Horn, 2; Friend, 1; Frazier, 2; Taylor, 1; Charcolla, 1; Grate, 3; Dugger, 2; Risen, 2; Caudill, 2; Huston. Officials: Haarlow (Chicago), F,
Robinson (Indiana).
Students Entering Engineering Schools To Meet This Week All students who expect to enroll
logical differences constitute char- School of Mechanical and acteristics which determine race.” Aeronautical Engineering next seThese differences helped man, who ^sked to attend one of came from a common ancestor, to following meetings, according adjust to his environment. to their classification: All V-12 stuQuestions Discussed dents who transferred to the UniAnother of the questions dis- versity in July, 1943, will meet in cussed was “What is the difference room 108 of the Mechanical Engibetween a race and a minority?” neering Building on Wednesjlay at One opinion offered was that race 7 p. m. Those V-12 students who is a qualitative and minority a quan- came prior to that time will meet titative relation. Still another was Tuesday at 7 p. m. at the same
“Are the Jewish people a distinctive place.
race?” The group offered the an- ... c.. j ^ , ,, , ,, , ^ „ T Civilian Students Meet Monday
swer that the definition of a Jew
as one who accepts the Hebrew Civilian students should attend faith was not enough; that there are meeting on Monday at 4 still physical characteristics which P- Tuesday at 4 p. m., also
in loom 108 of the Mechanical En-
cannot be classed as a separate race. Sifieering Building.
Several reasons offered by those Present freshman engineers who who attended for the impoitance of will become sophomore mechanical the race, conflict'now was that the or aeionautical engineers next terjn white race is outnumbered and may ipe urged to attend their respective
not always be dominant and the the- civilian or V-12 meeting.
01 y that we aie fighting for democ- The meetings have been designed lacy and Our poor handling of our to explain the relation and requireown race problem may be regaided nients of the present and past cttlfas evidence of our insinceiity by ricula, to familiarize the student othei nations. with the present requirements and It was suggested that to lemedy to assist him in the intelligent planthe present situation equality of op- ning of his program of study, Ci-
The movie will illustrate the portunity should be given to those vilian students will complete forma
processes involved from the time the blood is collected by the Red Cross workers until it is ready to be used by the army in the fields. All membeis of the association and the pub-
lic are invited.
of other laces, legislation should be initiated to prevent racial discrimination and an extension of the fiiendly attitude toward individuals of other laces to their races as a
group,
required by the National Roster for Scientific and Specialized Personnel (W,^r Manpower Commission). The present policy under the Selective Service Act will be clarified
for the students.
■m tfi ■.y4Pi
^■■'■Utf>j^ ♦
V ^ fdgi^
Purdue Exponent
_j •*« ^ Saturday, Febnidiy S, 1944
Purdue Exponent combined wiith Purdue Independent
Offices* Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p« m , 5377
Editor Business Manai^er News Editor MonaRins: Editor Sports Editor
Ellis Miirph> Mary Dilts William H Tyson Carolyn Wilbur Russell M Lipes Jr
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors Jack Abbctt Ruth M Ford, Madelye A Grt tncs James T Ritl irlson Margaret Y btolies Jame AcKpiman I rank V ul Ilnllis Mam Martha Lee Riggs KatN Houts Associate Sports Editors Tnmos T Acl eiman Paul Garber Wilham Garber ^^ar^cn C Service Staff Mt rns Bettor Gabriel Elms Leo Friedman Jack Martirc Jay Newman Tciry Koetting Bob Baker Business Staff Advertising Manager C L Gaunt Assistant Advertising Manager Betty Mafhey Circulation Manager R G Sauerman Staff For This Issue Night Fditor Pagliarulo Issue Fditor Georgeson Day Editor Tuesherg City Editor fuesberi Sports Editor Wright Woraers Ruipotoo H Ihcr Streeter Ober Mertr Vai I leuw Minor Ha nc^* Richardson Vitgai Lects Snjrdei Christcna Staff Photographer W C Tolber Editor The Purdue independent Lyle Crist Entered as second class matter at the post ofiSce in Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in sectiOT 1103 act of October i 1917 authon^ed January 20 1922 Published on Tuesdaj Thur day and Saturday mornings dur ing the yeai ex ei. t certain vacation periods Delivered daily by earner fir *^1 2. for a semester by mail for $160 for c semester Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union Represented for lational advertising by National Advertis jng Service I c f olkge I ublishera Representatives, 42U Mudi on Ave New York N Y
Education For Colleges Ameiican colleges and imiveisities have been noticeably mdiffei ent to the fact that students vaiy in intelligence and abilities Some uni\eisities have made positive moves toward gning students with higher ability a chance to voik at then own speed on more advanced subjects Hove\ei, the Umveisity has taken little if anj notice of this new method of instiuction Because of unsettled conditions pi evading on the campus at the piesent time, we do not feel that tln^ is the appiopiiate time foi ladical adiiiip nanges We suggest, though, ihat t^xecutne committee take definite steps tovaid a system designed aiound induidual abilities in the futuie These suggestions aic enteied foi considi, ition if and wlimi the Unneisity decides to p ovi le ad^ ancemenc on meiit rather than seme jtei in school 1) Students who have shown acfinite abdity in a subject dining then fieshman and sophomoie j eai s be given the chance to take special examinations in subjects they would noimc'lly take dining their junior and senioi jeai"^ 2) The examinations would last from four to "’ij^ hours These examinations need not be all wiitten, but if conducted orally, they should be judged by at least two faculty members of the department concerned The student should not have ovei a week to study foi the examination in certain basic courses because the examination would only cover mateiial that IS m the regular textbook and the most impoitant lectines It is taken for gi anted that the student aheady has some background woik in the course before preparing for the main test 3) Engineering and othei students entered in the advanced science depaitments of the Umveisity would be permitted to go ahead with the com >'6 oi couises they are most inteiested in at then own speed It a student weie able to complete a course in two months so much the better, but if paits of the couise presenMd ceitain obstacles the student would be pemitted to take his time—within leason —to finish the com se Thus engineei ing oi science comses might take two to six months to finish, but when finished the students would ha\e a complete undei standing ot the course, and could go on to the next subject without any doubts as to what had been learned oi was sujiposed to ha\ e been learned 4) Attei the examination has been completed and passed with an abo\e aierage, the student is given ciedit foi having completed what w-ould noimally be called a semester’s woik lithe com se IS worththieeci edit horns, the student should be given that numbei of houio with the giadc he leceived on examination II the indent should tall below the requiied glade maik but still have a grade above what would lioimallj be jiassing, he would be given >ome loim oi eompensation, which v-vould be dctei mined b^ the school authoiities By mcan^ ol <^uch an examination system, «tudents who would not have the oppoitumty to t-'ke till ’ ( comses they desire during their eightsfmcl ’ ► i be able to quickly put aside th sul. at come easiest to them, and to go on wnii comses that they want to tak'^ but could not iiiidei the old system J>1 0 m coinKction wth this plan would be a chance loi the student desiiing special tiaining to meet with the teachei of that cour‘-e and have jk i sonal teachci student discus'ions fihis has b( en done to some extent at the Univcisitj But thcie is no haim in expanding such a jiolicy to mqke it common practice
msmuTOK Tm R*9 U S P«« Off. MERRY-GO-ROUND • y DRlW^PtARSOk Senator Suggests Backing General's Promotions To Win Votes, Colleagues Kill Idea WASHINGTON—It nevei leaked out of tlie lecent Senate Republican caucus, but Senatoi Chan Guiney of South Dakota chopped a boomeiang idea loi Coi 1 ailing Republican votes in the U S Aimy Fellow Republican Senatois didn’t go fo^ Ghiney’s biain storm partly because they thought it played down the same alley as the Haiiiscln Spanglei bortei when he announced that he had had a poll made by Aimy officeis in England which he claimed showed they weie against Roosevelt Gurney ptood up in caucus to warn Republicans and Democratic Senators on the Military Affairs Committee, among them Kilgore of West Virginia, Wallgren of Washington, and Truman of Missouri, were determined to block the permanent promotions ot General Patton and General Someivell Both generals have been severely criticized, the first for slapping a sick soldier in a Sicilian hospital, the second for spending millions of the American taxpai ers’ dollars on the controversial pipe line through the Arctic wastes from Canada to Alaska Neverthe less the Army has recommended both men for permanent promotion to the rank of major general In view of this, Democratic membeis of the Militaiy Affaiib Committee pioposed that, because the Aimy tiled to lush thiough piomotions, all peimanent pio motions be held up until the wai is ovei, when they can be sciutinized eaiefully, and those who leally de seive lewaid can be piomoted Guinev, aftei telling his Republican colleagues about Demociatic opposition to permanent promo tions said “This IS a leal oppoitumty foi the Republicans to win the soldieis’ vote if we come out foi it It calls loi united action on the pait of all Republican Senatois And if we stick togethei, v\e can put thiough these promotions ” Note What Senatoi Guiney didn’t seem to appie ciate, howevei, is that it s the vote of the enlisted men Hint leallv counts And political sharps believe the men’s vote is geneially opposite to that of officeis Gracious Leo Crowley One mattei which long has woiiied the Biitish is agitation by Ameiican peace societies to get food into occupied Euiope The Biitish fear that this food would be smuggled out to lelieve Geimany and so fai Piesi dent Roosevelt and the State Depaitment have vigoiously suppoited them The other daj however, the Biilish Minister of Eco noniic Warfare was disturbed by reports that Leo Ciowley Foreign Economic Administrator, was under pressure to change this polity and send food to occupied France Holland, Belgium So a representative of the Ministrj vent to see Wjlham Stone, an aide to Crowley Aftei he’d expressed his fears to Stone and the arguments against sending food to occupied Europe, Stone suggested that they go in to see Crowley himselt Ciowley was most giacioiis but rathci confused the Biitisher when he said ‘Let’s just sit right do vii aroujid the table and talk this over We’re partne's in this wai, and it jou want those food shipments to go through, we’ll fix it up no matter what it costs us ’ Love Loves Lovely Profits Haid hittmg Chestei Bowles OPA Admimstiatoi, has wiitten a scoichmg lettei to Donhld Nelson, pio testing against what some people consider sabotage inside the Wai Pioduction Boaid against the OPA and its effoit to pievent inflation Bowles’ lettei was diiected specifically against Spencei Love head ot the Bui ling ton Mills in Greens boro, N C now seiving as head ot WPB’s clothing textile division Foi some time, OPA has been woiking to get moie lov; cost clothing So Chestei Bowles was thundei stiuck to find that a membei of the Goveinment sup posedlj woiking toi the Government namely Spencei Love, had attacked the low cost clothing piogiam Fuitheimoie Love not only attacked the pi ogram but also attacked Judge Vinson and the Office ot Pi ice Administiation This attack was widely published in the textile trade journals The effect on the industiy was electiitying Natui ally with the example oi a prominent WPB official Icachng the ittack the textile industry went on a vii trial sitdown stiike ag iinst the OPA’s progiam Chestei Bowles is now asking Nelson whethei his offici ils aie woiking with the Goveinment oi against it Note the big profits in textiles these days are m highpriccd luxury goods, with the lesult that workers’ overalls, shirts, etc , have almost disappeared How lush profits are is illustrated by Love’s own salary Dollar a year man tor the Government, he got a salarj of $94,000 fiom his own firm in 1941, and $196,000 in 1942 The tiemendous inciease in 1942 was due to the tact that he was paid three per cent ot his firm’s profits So you can underst ind that the textile boys are making monej Man In Green ShirfThe huge Commeice Depaitment Building where Secictaiy ot Commeice Jesse Jones holds sway and which houses somi ot the most impoitant wai offices ot the Goveinment is the scone ol one ot the stiangest man hunts in Washington histoiy A mystciy man in a gieen shut has been ransacking desks thioughout the building tor the last tew weeks, liut no one can caich him His piedatoiy visits occui it night between lip m and 3 a m and he has been on the job on six occasions since January 19th Seveial times, building police have caught a fleeting glimpse ot him, but all the police can say for sure is that he is a big man, weaiing a light green shut Last week at about 3 a m , he was chased down a stairway l)j policemen, hut managed to get awaj It IS believed to be an inside job, because! the man does not wear a coat and because it would be veiy difficult for an outsidei to get in and «ut ot the building without apprehension A night shift of some 700 tmpJojces woiks in the Commerce Building (Copyught, 1914, by United Fcatuic Syndicate, Inc )
GRINANtfeEARlT
Byjbiohtir
democratic nation
And when I think of our 8,000,000 gallant votes — er — soldiers—Pshaw' It’s certainly difficult to keep one’s mind on the war during election yeai
dn. JhsL (^hwiduLdu Services toi the Armed Forces The legulai woiship services foi service men will be held in Eliza Fowlei Hall 8 30—Roman Catholic 9 30—Piotestant 10 30—Jewish Rev R F Thornton lectoi of St John’s Episcopal Chinch, will be the guest pieachei at the 9 30 service toi Piotestant service men
5 to 7—Sunday Evening Club There will be a 20 cent supper and
a discussion
Monday evening at 8 30—XII will meet in the Foundation room
Just Looking Around Congress can no longer be classified/jas being under the thumb of President Roosevelt or any other leaders of the New Deal. Congress >js finally ati independent body—after altpost twelve years of New Deal domination—but whether this newfelt freedom is best for the country is another matter Many
Cl
civilians and most of the men in the armed forces feel that
because of politics, and only Duimg the last week the United politics, they are being de- States has lost two of its most fa
prived of the chance to vote
Southern Democrats and the gieatest small town paper, the Em majority of Republicans in the pona Gazette, died last week end House of Representatives defeated Yesteiday the Navy Department lethe federal ballot foi soldiers bill leased the news that Raymonc on many giounds, most of the ex Clapper was killed in a plane eras
cuses sounding good to the ear but m the Pacific
having little behind them It is ap Both of these men were exponents parent, howevei, that the opposition of bettei news and less goveinment didn’t caie one iota about the con interfeience, but here then paths stitutionality of the bill, but only pait W A White was the wiitei about keeping the balloting out of of every sort of newspaper editorial the hands of the federal goveinment He whs as American as the soil and in the hands ol 48 different vot When America wanted to get hei ing organizations, which would in wiies untangled they called on Mi sure a veiy small numbei of voting White and his famed editoiial pen service men He could have had almost any big Congress has the light to vote newspapei job m the countiy, but down any bill it wishes but when it hn stuck to the town he made world considers its own inteiests before renowned, giving out his plain those of the people it represents it spoken and written philosophy is destroying the tiust placed m it wheneVei he felt that it was needed by the voters Raymond Clapper climbed in the The Senate hafe not taken any def opposite duection He got fame mite action as yet but it is hoped it thiough analyzing of national and will not foi sake over 15,000,000 sei international events This wai gave
vice men and women for politics and party
hiifi the chance he needed Thiough his column he told America what was happening in Washington and
St John’s Episcopal Church Sixth and Feiry Rev 11 F Thornton, Rector 8 a in —Holy Communion 10 45—Choial Holy Communion and seimon The offertoiy, sung by Richard Stanfield will be “He Who Would Valiant Be ” The seimon topic is to be ‘The Christian Family a Model foi Society ” The seiv ice can be heaid ovei WASK
r, . 1 4- 4-1, the world, and what was liable to Congressmen have said that the , , „ , , , • 4, 11 4. 1 f 4.1, 4. happen in the futuie Philosophy
states will take caie of the voting
Hillel Foundation 116 Sheetz Street Rabbi M H Simon 10 30—Services will be held at Eliza Fowlei Hall 5 00—There will be a joint meet ing with the Piesbyteiian Founda tion at the Umveisity Chuich Rah hi Simon is to addiess both groups on the topic Facing Facts About Race Relations Tuesday at 8 p m —Wesley and Ilillel Foundations will sponsoi a meeting open to the public m the g'eat hall of Wesley Foundation at which Di Hairy A Oveistieet will discuss ‘ Adjusting Oui Lives foi the Peace to Come ’
First Christian Church Coiner Sixth and North Rev Doyle Mullen, Minister Satuidav—Kappa Beta conven tion with the following schedule 1 30 to 2 45—Officers’ meeting 3 00 to 4 45—Geneial discussion 5 00 to 6 30—Foundeia’ Day ban quet 8 00 —Foimal initiation foi pledges and installation of new offi ceis 8 45 to 12—Foimal dance Sunday at 0 30—Sunday School at which the speakei will be Miss Fanny Bennett fiom Indianapolis 10 40—Chuich Service
Unnersity Presbyterian Church Noith Street, Near Grant Rev John W Findley, Minister 9 30—Di Gordon Graves of the depaitment of mathematics will conduct his class in the Life and Teachings of Jesus 10 30—Morning worship at which Rev John Findley will rais the ques Rev John Findley will laise the question, “Wheie Is God’’’ 5 00—Evening fellowship, with an addiess a discussion a 20 cent suppei and infoimal lecieition 7 00—Vespei woiship in the chapel Monday it 9 p iiit—gioup con coined with G-i cultivation of pei sonai lehgion will meet at the home (Continued on page 4)
of then seivice men but up to the piesent only five states have gotten up enough legislative ambition to vote thiough bills for soldiei bal loting If state soldiei balloting weie at all feasible why have not •more of the states taken legislative action’ The answer might be the states see bettei than the congiess men in Washington that soldiei bal loting as handled by the states thiough the admimstiative branch es of the aimed forces is just a waste of time If the states do not see this it is time they got into ac tion to give the men who are fight ing for them the chance to help pick the federal and state officials of this
was not pait of Raymond Clapper foi he dealt with the hard facts that Washington seems to put into
newspapeimen
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Main Lafayette Phone 7917
LUHA TODAY and TOMORROW ITS SCREEA,.j
— NOW PLAYING —
WALTER WANOER frie4ettti. THE SCREEN’S GREATEST GLORY STORY!
NEW BALLROOM CLASSES Open for Adults BEGINNER'S Wed., Feb. 9th, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED Thurs., Feb. 10th, 7:30 P. M. ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S, Wed, Feb 16th, 6 15 P M ADVANCED, Thurs, Feb 17th, 6 15 P M
ALLEN'S — 6th and Ferry Sts.
THE ♦ BATTLE CRY OF THE MARINE RAIDERS! RANDOLPH SCOTT wita NOAH BEERY, Jr ALAN CURTIS Peter Coe David Bruce Sam Levene J Carrol Naish Richard Lane Milburn Stone and GRACE McDonald
— PLUS — iji.iH iigirratTm
ADDED AnRACTIONS
Ww'fp* fpcjdy to suvL yen wilh^Wof.
Sunday and Monday Only
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY
JOHNNY MAC BROWN in> OUTLAWS OF STAMPEDE PA3S BELA LAGUSI m THE APE MAN SERIAL — NEWS
MARS mpuiiMi:
f| IT)
sm
t'h’iV ^ > J. ^
Fe^firyJ, 1944
MHUliW
RtVtter Track Opens Season Here Today
Chicago^ Northwestern Clash With Coach Phillips' Squad In Fieldhouse
Riveter Tankmee [ drandstand Echoes
Meet Wildcats In
Reldhouse Todqy Smiirtmg from their recent loss to Northwestern in the Wildcat pool, the feiVeter i^wimming team will attempt to avenge their loss in their own pool this afternoon at 8 o’clock According to Coach PapengLith, today’s meet will be one of the best of the season, for hiS boys are in top shape and ready for a second try at the Wildcat tank ttito. The public IS not only wei- y/omen's Sporfs cofhe but it has Coach Papen- ~ gdth’s personal invitation Foui league championship teams ;The Northwestern team is aftemoon to go mto
composed of many veteran let- f
^ j touinament with Leagues III and t6men eipenenced swimmeis who scheduled fdi 1 30 p m matches have been tiansferied m by the Leagues I and II foi 3 15 cori
armed forces, while the Boileimak ^gg^g
ei gquad is composed mainly of stvimmdis who have had no expeii ence m collegiate competition I Wildcat Squad Includes Veterans
The winning teams aie the Alpha Xi League I, Phi Mu, League II, RCA I League III, and RCA II,
Some of the outstanding men on
the Wildcat squad Bob Tiibble fiom The Alpha Xi bowleis ale Fian Hawaii, who has pieviously won his Hutcheison, -Jean Gibson Teiry lettei at backstioke. Bob Neff, a Busby Betty Geiicke and Noima tf^nsfei student fiom Minnesota, Wallnei, with Helen Hanlen, Pat will represent his team in the 100 Chumlee, Marge Pabst Betty Gal and 220 yard free style event biaith and Wihona Cochran making
Walsh, star breaststioker is a giad uate student who previously has won three varsity swimming letters
up the Phi Mu team
The RCA I team, winners of League III, consists of Rosemaiy
Repi*esenting the Boilermakers ^owne Wanda Goika, Carol Me are mostly inexperienced men, how ^onogle Mary Jo Hablas and
ever, they have greatly improved Yvonne Moe
and aie among the best in the con feience Bower, the only diver, has
shown great improvement since the , , , ,, , l last meet Salmon and Porter both placed second in this league Theii
Ihe Town Girls team, made up of gills from the east and west side,
] &y Russ iiipes Pour Teams In Action Today IPour different Boilermaker athletic squads will see action today, two at home and two at Columbus Ohio, the home of the Buckeyes Leading the list IS the cage squad, playing the second game of a twin bill against the Bucks tonight The loss of Jack Kennedy and Bill Lodge two of the tallest men on the squad, has been quite a blow, particularly when facing the “tallest team in the conference”/ Last week’s battle with DePaul was a Very good warm up for playing against tall opponents, but theie was only one giant on the Demon squad not five such as Ohio State sends out on the floor Here’s the way that we figure the Boilermakers will finish the season against conference foes A split with Ohio State, a win from Iowa, defeat by Wisconsin, a decisive win over Northwestern, and a trouncing of Indi ana If these predictions aie any way neai correct, the Riveters should finish the season with a record of ten wins against two losses Coach Reeck and his wrestling squad have gone to Columbus to battle the Buckeye mat team We figure that Coach Reeck’s charges should win with comparative ekse Hume Front Features Track And Swimming On the home fiont the tiack squad will be featured in then initial contest of the ’44 campaign as they face Northwestern and Chicago in a three way meet at 2 30 this afternoon At 3 p m Coach Dick Papenguth will send his youthful swimming squad against Northwestern’s tankeis Dick IS hoping that his boys will be able to biihg home their first victory of the present season Both of these events will take place m the Field house, providing a full afternoon foi local sports fans
Sputtenttgs
We had a feeling that spring was just around the corner, but now we ale sure of it According to a lelease from loWa, batteries for the ’44 Hawkeye baseball squad have been working out for a month And the major leagues are still talking about then forthcoming season Whity Hlad, star of the 43 PUidUe Relays, was scheduled to appear in the Millrose meet today but was forced to cancel his appearance due to illness At the present time he is a lieutenant in the ail corps Leo Durochei is cooling his heels m Tampa, Fla msteaef of cariying out his tour of the battlefrents We wonder if there could be any connection in the refusal to grant him permission to cany out his tour and the attitude of the army ‘powers” toward competitive sports’ Fort Sheridan is going to expand their sports progiam and try to fill part of the gap caused by the announcement that Camp Grant is discontinuing sports If Iowa should win from Chicago tonight it will be then seventh consecutive conference win and the longest conference winning streak for the Hawk eyes since 1923
Meet The Team By Alice Wendal "Due to the inauguiation of the Navy V 12 piogiam heie this sum mei, one of the best all round ath letes to arrive on our campus was Chalmers Elliott better known as “Bumps” to his friends and spoits followers “Bumps ” a sandy haired, shy fel low hails from Bloomington, 111, weighs around 160 pounds and stands 5 feet 10 inches tall He graduated from Bloomington High School last June and while there ex celled in the three major sports— basketball, football and baseball “Bumps” very modestly admitted
Riveter Grapplers Meet Buckeyes At Columbus Today
of whom have been turning in fast vl If/ *1 t M.
time recently, will swim in the flee gf S
style events
Riveters Have Tough Schedule This year’s schedule is the tough-
ginia Sellers Margaret Abbott Marilyn Zahn and Joanna Rust The RCA girls are credited with
est possible, for the Riveter team winning two places, as RAC II came has had to face Michigan and North League IV Their western, who are conceded first and bowlers are Jeaq Pace, Reba Smith, second, respectively Nevertheless Helen Hutchinson Mary Fa’ley and
the team has woiked hard and this Joan Hammond
atteinoon should see some excep The winners of the semi finals tionally good swimming done by will meet Tuesday at 7 30 p nr to both teams play off the finals in the WAA meet
“SAVE YOUR DOGS” WHY TRUDGE ALL OVER TOWN LOOKING EOR A PLACE TO EAT WHEN THE UNION CAFETERIA ' IS RIGHT ON CAMPUS?
YOUR CHOICE OF DELICIOUS, WELL - PREPARED FOOD AT MODERATE PRICES. JPUL PwidusL Tybmoiiat %xilmL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities 8 rf' —^ Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Squad's Needed Drive Boilermakers’ basketball opponents so tar this season might easily be pardoned foi feeling that the “Three H’s” on the Boilermaker squad stand for “Hoosier Hardwood Hurricanes” Paul Hoffman and Dennis Horn, freshman forwards, and Charlie Haag, sophomore guard, form a whirlwind trio that has more than maintained the reputation of Lambert-coached To the uninitiated there are teams for providing sustained t”"®® t^e rapid fire activities 1 of the Boilermakers appeal heltei
, skelter and without ihyme or lea
The Boilermaker young- m keeping with the stiat sters, who combine stamina egy that has enabled Coach Ward with speed dash up and down the Lambeit to compile the best record floor with all the enthusiasm of a in the middle west for moie than a volunteer fire department answer quaitei century the Thiee H s” ing a night call at a girls’ dor mi are much moie interested in chang toiy Regardless of the score, and ing the figures on the score board they display no dismay at trailing than they aie in making mechanical 111 a game, they set an unrelenting figure S s ’ on the hardwood with a
pace from opening tip off to final set style of play , / , „ , Appeared in 13 Games
All three of the Boilermaker
fliers hail from the southwestern That the file department tactics corner of Indiana commonly known ef th® D'o I*us paid dividends is at as the ‘pocket area’ Hoffman a tested by the scoiebook With the rugged individualist is a Jasper ‘Single exception of Paul ‘ Duffy” product Horn a rare ball hawk Friend veteran guaid Horn, Hoff who specializes in stealing the Haag are the only mem leather comes liom Princeton, and beis of the Boilermaker squad who Haag a great floor worker buys a have appeared rn all 13 games to ticket to Evansville when he heads J’^te and in those games they have homeward peisonally accounted for 362 of 638 Specialize in Close m Shots points The membeis of the fast break Haag has shown the way nr the
ing tiio who are as quick on de fense as they aie speedy on offense have other things in common All
By B Rosenberg
Followers of Big Ten traek and field doings will have tlieir attention focused on the triangular track and field meet at the Fieldhouse this afternoon at 2*80 The meet which opens the 1944 indoor track season, finds the Riveters host to Northwestern and Chicago As all three teams are participating in their first meet of the season, to-
day’s meet should provide the fans with a preview of what the coming season has in store
for them
Although the three teams are untried in regular competition Coach Herman Phillip’s Riveters aie slight favorites to cop the
Coach Claude Reeck’s wrestling meet since several mainstays of the squad will be seeking to get back to country squad that Its winning ways again today when ^he Big Ten championship Ust It travels to Columbus 0 to engage ^11 aie on the current indoor team the Ohio State mat team The Riv Northwestern is expected to give etei giappleis were unbeaten in the Riveters the most trouble The three starts prior to last Saturday, Wildcat squad is built around six when they dropped then first match veterans from last year’s team of the season as Michigan oveipow ^^gg^ 3 30, ered them 17 9 delude ten field events and four Foui Men Missing in Lineup g^g^^^ ^he following is the The Riveteis’ hopes for victoiy g,^,g^ events 60 yd dash trials, this afternoon were given a serious „„]e gp yj ^^sh finals, 440 yd jolt yesterday when three membeis gO yd high hurdles, 2 mile run, of the team were restricted and will gg 880 yd ran, not be allowed to make the tup Dan gg yg hurdle finals, shot put, Nettescheinr the lone Riveter vet p^jg broad jump high jump
eiaii, reported with a bad knee Two ^gj^^y of the three restricted men are Distance Runners
membeis of the Navy^ 5 unit sta tioned on the c^mpTO’' and then
In seeking then first win the Riveters will be banking mainly on the
training schedules conflicted with and long distance runs
scoring colrunn with 57 field goals and 25 free throws for a 139 total an average of sligVitly more than 10
are driving dribblers who specialize points per game Hoffman is close in close 111 shots Although they behind with 128 points accumulated lack the finesse that will come with with 53 field goals and 22 free added expei leiice they have at times thi ows, while Hoi n has picked up turned in deft passing perfoimaiices 40 field goals and 15 free throws for that verge on the sleight of hand a total of 95 points
CHALMERS ELLIOTT Purdue Guard winning ten letters during his high school caieei while playing four years of baseball three years of basketball and three years of foot ball captaining the latter team to the Big Twelve championship a cen tial Illinois title He was also the captain of the basketball and base ball teams Although Elliott hasn’t seen much action on the hardwood so far this season with the guard jrositions held down by veterans Haag and Duffy Friend he has come through most ably when called upon playing 111 almost all of the Indiana fracas as a substitute for Friend who went out of the game on personals “Bumps ” however will be re member ed mostly for his fine show ing during foothill season After again being handicapped by a vet eian back hi e Tony Butkovich he finally received the chance to show his stuff when Tony was called to Pains Island Bumps’ was the first Boilermaker to cross the Mm nesota goal and chalk up a score against the Gophers This score helped to win a close game for the Riveter s and also helped him to win his lettei m football Since he is a versatile young rth lete Elliott will try his luck at base
the match this after noon
Reeck will stick to virtually the same line up that he has used in the past four meets Dave Liang Chi nese wrestler who has been success fill 111 two of his four starts, will compete m the 121 pound match Casey Stengel a marine will rep resent the Riveters in the 128 pound tilt while Alt Aeine with an even record m two starts will replace the injured Nettescheinr Bob Arm strong who along with Liang is a civilian will enter his regular event
the 145 pound tussle
fetiong in Light Eleavjv eights The Riveters promise to be stiongest 111 the light heavyweights as Newt Copple and Jack Shepajd who are both undefeated in four clashes will enter the 155 and 165 pound matches respectively Round
These events the 880 vd run, one mile run and two mile run, will find the Boilermakers stiongest, as they will have four cross country men in them—Ericsson Mannfeld, Peter-
son and Kennedy
The sprints promise to be very close Northwestern will have two veterans Madden and Cullen, in the sprints Chicago will have Fischer, one of the thiee Maroon veterans, rnd Ben Elaivey will be the lone Riveter veteran m these events The 440 yd luii will be an exciting race between a Boilermaker veteran and a Wildert veteran Northwestern’s outstanding quarter milef Franck and Rudy Dettwwlei, the Boilermaker veteran are expected to be the bright stars of this event Bill Biele aV 12 transfer from Illinois competing with the Riveters is
and either Bob Humphieville or Don MacMillan will be the heavyweight Ohio State has won two out of three meets this season The Buck eyes disposed of Indiana m then last
start 18 6
Activities
These Are the EDS and COEDS You Reach When You ADVERTISE IN THE EXPONENT
mg out the Riveter entries will be 4., uj. „ i. 4.1. 4. 4.
. thought of highly in this event too
Bruce Porter in the 175 pound bout ,-■1 1 i 4- ^ 4. a
^ Chicago while it is not expected
to be m on the battle for team honors IS the favorite in several of the individual events Budnick of the Maroons is a veteran two miler and is expected to be among the leaders 111 that event Another Chicago veteran IS expected to garner many points for his team He is Rider, veteran pole vault and high jumper Rider averages around 12 feet in the pole vault and does close to 6 feet
m the high jump
The Maroons and Northwestera lie favoiites to cop the majority of the track events while the Borlermakeis are given a chance only m the shot put In this event Suciu, a veteran and Klaus are expected to give Johnson and Kroger, Noi-th-westein veterans, a close fight for
first place
The meet is open to the general
public
WAA Calendar Basketball Schedule Monday Feb 7, 4 15 p m —Ward 2 vb Alpha Xi Delta Tiiesdav, Feb 8, 4 p m —Alpha Chi Omega vs Kappa Alpha Theta Wednesday Feb 9,4 p m—Ward 1 vs Town Girls Thursday Feb 10, 4 p m—South Hall vs Alpha Chi Omega, Wood Hall Vb Phi Mu Friday, Feb 11 4 p m—Ward 1 vs Kappa Alpha Theta, Ward 3 vfe Delta Gamma
Boilermaker sports activities for today include a triangular track meet with Chicago and Northwestein at 2 30 and a swim mmg meet with Noithwestern at 3 in the Fieldhouse w hile the basketball and wrestling teams will meet Ohio State at Columbus
ball this spring, that is if he is still around which nrry be wholly piob able as Bumps” is only 18 and a freshman in the School of Engineer mg He joined the marines mime diately upon graduating from high school rnd w is glad to be sent to a school wheie athletics play such a prominent part in a school s cuiiic
riluni
Ihis Marine Raider is carving a little Suka Yaki on Makin IsUud m Ifniversal’s “Gang Ho'”, now playing at the Lafayette theatre.-ii: '
%
j, ^ ^ ^ «- ^^ HP "" ——^ fifipifid ^ ^ ^ r—r« »• f W T^li Saturdayf February 3^f 1944
By Jay Newmtin, A.'S., USNR
■.■■,.'{• • • • ■ Notices
Alpha Lambda Delia t M«®t'ng ’'huwday. iFeb. Ip, in room 268 of the UnxonJmmediawly after Debris pictpre is taken a^’ysap. m.
To Signal Corps
WEDDING BELLS DEP’T: Chief Downey is getting'married today. That’s not all he’s getting, either—next week he gets a 15 day leave, to
Commander Thornpspn, present senior medical officer of the Captain Joseph k Sheets, who naval training station at the University, on the morning of news that makes your liver leap WITH PRIDE DEPT: graduated from.the University in , - iji-i 1- 1 The largest inland shipyard in the entire world is located in Indiana. 1921, has returned from the Euroawakened at his home adjacent to Pearl ^ -tv.. Ohio fp^bni
Senior M.E.’s and Aero- B.’s: For those seniors graduating before June, 1944, money will be collected during the week of Jan. 81 for the ’44 class pictures to be hung in the M; E. and Aero Buildings. The price Will be $1.0() for-M.E.'s, ,$1.20 for .Aero’s, and may be paid to the B1 Tau Sigma representative in the M.E. lab or to Miss LaCave in the M.E. office. , —EVANS.
Undergraduate Dames Club = will be a "mixed party’’ for t*»e mernlMrs and thmr husbands on Saturday, Feb. |?» at the home-of Mr. and Mrs. R^char^Goodemote. —MYERS
-w
SDX: A very special meeting will beheld Sunday, Feb. 6, at 11:46 a. m. in the 0estnut Room. Dinner will precede, dEcusaWn meeting. Faculty actives and Ne^es Me iniiited. —MURPHY
December 7,1941, was ctwaRuueu at nis nunie aujautuiu tu r^aii Wabash-it’s in Evansville, on the Ohio. The yard pean theatre to become technical adHarbor by a series of dull explosions. At first Commander is over lOOO miles from the sea. Ships go down the Ohio to the Mississippi visor at the Signal Corps-Ground Thompson believed that the noise was that of some engineers and, then out to sea. The ships being built th%re are the familiar LST’s Signal Agency at Shark River Hills,
Gold Peppers, Gimlets, Keaniers and Honorary Members; On Wednesday, Feb. 9, at 7 :30 p. m., Mr. Ditamore will conduct a tour of the entire Hall of Music. All members meet on stage,at time specijfied. Enter Music Hall through door on south side of building.
" —REED.
Catholic Students: There will be^a Newman Club breakfast Sunday, Feb. 6, In St. Max'y’s Auditorium immediately 9:30 mass. Officers will be; elected. Debris pictures will be taken. _ai,jDERSON.
blasting, and thinking to tease his wife, told her that the United States was at war, adding as an afterthought our opponents were Japan. The Commander said this only as a jest, not knowing the truth. His 18-months old daughter would laugh each time another bomb landed.
Recognize Enemy
Taking note of the planes in the air, and since he was called to the
Lt.Gen.McNair Surveys Cause Of Accidents
(Landing Ship for Tanks) of which over 50 were produced last year. New Jersey, according to a release HOW TO SAVE SPACE DEP’T: Warrant Yeoman Parker was telling from Army Service Fopes Headthe Nav Org Glasses t’other day how the best letter is the most brief one, quarters. He has served in the AfriHis remarks brought to mind a rather famous letter which has been pre- can, Sicilian and Italian campaigns, served from Civil War times! On one side is a beautifully written request After graduating from the Uni-
of a captain to his commandingyofficer for three days’ leave in Washington. It is written in flowing hand and flowery language. On the back one
finds the terse reply, ‘I tole you twict noiv, dammit, no.” BRIGHT REMARKS OF LITTLE CHILDREN DEP’T: The bus was
packed with the usual Saturday night crowd. When the crowd had finally thinned out a little and everyone had ascertained that their bones were
versity, Capt. Sweets went to work for American Telephone and Telegraph, and was a district plant engineer when he joined'the army and was commissioned in June, 1941. In September, 1942, he was shipped to
Debris Pictures: rnursday, Feb. 10: 4:00,’ Playshop : 4:10, Engineer ; 4 :20, Gold Peppers : 4 :30, Camera Club ; 4 :40, Glider Club; 4 :60, Theta Alpha Phi: 6 :30, PIA; 6:40, Student Senate, Sophomores ; 6:50, :Student War Council: 7:00. AWS; 7:10, WBAA; 7:20, Debris Business Staff; 7:30, Sigma Delta Chi; 7 :60, Union, Sophomores ; 8 :00, Reamers': 8:10, Skull and Crescent; 8:20, Gimlet: 8 :S0, Alpha Phi Omega : 8:40, Newman Club; 8:50, YWCA; 9:00, Alpha Lambda Delta; 9:10, V. C. Meredith; 8:20, Pharmacist: 9:30, Amurican, Pharmaceutical Association Editors.
All Students: Any studeny.who wishes to work for the Registrar during the registration for the March term, March 3 artd 4, will please leave his name at the desk in the Registrar’s office. —STONE.
Lutheran Students Association: A devotional meeting will be held Sund^ay, Feb. 6 at 7 :.80 p. m. in the East Faculty Lounge. Dorothy Hendrikson will be the speaker. ■—WALKLK.
all unbroken, one sailor came up with, “Phew! Now we’ve only.got the
high water left to go through.” It turned out to be Lyle Smith. We might ® imme la e y oi iica.
Civilian Phone Systems
SONG DEP’T: (Didn’t know there was a special Capt, Sweets told of the desola-
Information concerning the analysis of accidents which occur while troops are maneuvering, as stated
plantation hospital, which he super- the Lighting of the 78th Infantry have known. vised, to treat a gunshot wound, the tieen established by “MAIRZY DOATS
commander deduced that the Army surveys conducted by Lt. Gen. Les- department for that, did you ? Well, it deserves it because Time magazine tion left by the,,retreating Nazi must be carrying out a fake attack l^y J. McNair, commanding general, says it’s already the biggest freak hit since “The Music Goes ’Round and armies, who removed even the wires on Pearl Harbor as a part of maneu- Ground Forces, who is ^RounJ” and “Yes, We Have No Bananas”. One of the writers got the from telegraph poles, setting booby vers Since his house stood on a bluff charged with over all planning and idea from the prattle of his little daughter. All we wanted to say was that traps at the bottom of the poles to overlooking Pearl Harbor, he could supervision of maneuvers. He found we bet we get tired of hearing it long before they get tired of singing it. catch Signal Corps linemen. The
gold braid DEP’T: Chief Daher is to be addressed as Mr. Dahei’: army is installing civilian telephone
from now on. He received an ensign’s commission thisweek. If you should systems wherever possible to help
slip and call him “Chief” from force of habit, be sure and add “Sir”. . the Italians rebuild their cities. ’ IN ALL SERIOUSNESS DEP’T: Friday’s papers carried an article He declared that the Italians have
that Raymond Clapper had written his last column. He died in an airplane complete faith in the United States, crash over the Marshall Islands. He was one of the few really good and would rather take AmeTican
fully the events in the harbor. By way that the injuries wei’e not con- political commentators, arid thlA country Mil certainly m money than their own currenGy,. He this time the Aidzona had exploded, sidered incidental to their inilitary Along that same line, when saying your prayers tonight toss in a few said that our soldiers like the Italseveral other ships were burning, duties, words for Ernie Pyle if you can spare them. He’s been in the thick of it iaris because they didn’t raise prices and the sky was full of planes dodg- Short Training Periods for ah awfully long time and we’re beginning to get .scared. generallywhen the Americans.ar-
ing,-flak: The commander was fairly Soldiers with shorter periods of JUST IN CASE YOU DIDN’T KNOW, WHICH WOULD MEAN rived, certain by now that this wasThe reapinvolved in a greater YOU’RE PRETTY DUMB DEP’T: White trousers are being brought to thing, his opinion being confirmed number of accidents. Relatively swimming classes next week so that the felloAvs can learn how to use by nurses at the hospiral Who had gi’een men sustained 856 accidents them as water wings. Might come in handy next time you happen to be
seen Several planes bearing the red apin’oximately^75 per cent of the caught out alone in the Pacific,
ball insignia zoom by.
Civilian Engineers: All civilian engineers, who intend to enroll in the School of Mechaniijal and Aeronautical Engineering next term, will meet in rooin 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Byilding Monday, Feb. 7, at 4 :00 p. m. or Tuesday. Feb. 8, at.4 :00 p.m. —CLARK.
Freshman Engineers: There will be no meeting of Engineering Lectures Saturday, Fob. 5. —KNAPP.
Freshman Engineers: Freshmen completing one and one-half oi* two ternis in engi-. neoriiig by March 1 who have not iridicatea their choice on school in the registrar s office should do so before Saturday, Feb. 6. ^ —KNAPP.
V-12 Engineers: All V-12 Engineers, who
intend to enroll in the School of Mechanical
iuti(
tell that some action was taking place, but Commander Thompson, his family and friends still believed it tp be a part of Army maneuvers. Upon his arrival at the hospital, the commander was able to see more
carelessness to be to blame in a ma-
jority of the accidents.
A total of 1,141 injuries were studied. Of that number, 23 per cent were sustained by soldiers on pass or, although on maneuver, in such a
and Aeronautical Engineering next ter will meet in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building Tuesday, Feb. 8 at 7 :00 p. m. (for students who were registered in' the University prior to July 1, 1943) or Wednesday, Feb. 9 at 7 :00 p. m. (for students who. transferred to the University in July, 1943). —CLARK.
Christian Science Organization; Regular meeting to be held Tuesday, Feb. 8, at 7:80 p. m.. in the'Conference Room of the Halt -SCHWANDT. •
Tau Beta Pi; Short business meeting on Wednesday, Feb 9. at 7 :00 p. m. in room 212 of the Union Building. . —EVANS.
Debris Junior Editors: Important meeting Mpnda_y, Feb. 7,.at.4:00 p. m.. —NEESE.
Classified Ads
Lutheran -Students Association r A devotional meeting will be held Sunday, Feb. -G, ‘at"7 :30 p. 'm. in the-Easfc-Faeulty-Iaounge. —HOLLIDAY.
Money to Loan—On diamonds, watched, guns, luggage, typewriters, Alberts Loan -Office, 407. Columbia.
Green Guard: There will be a meeting on Monday, Feb. 7, at 4:00 p. m. in the AWS office. . •* . ■—GRAY.
Typewriters—Adding machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main* Lafayette. Phone 2779,
Dr. E. C, Young
Catholic Students: There will bo a'Newman Club breakfast Sunday, Feb 6. in St. Mary’s auditorium immediately after the 9:30 Mass. Election of officers and the t'akini? of the Debris, nicture will make,up. the program. -.-.ANDERSON.
Lost — Silver Swiss Waterproof man’s watch lost in Union Sunday morning. Reward. Stewart, 61712.
... dean of th'e Graduate School, will address the agrrinomy department seminar at its regular meeting: next Monday at 4 p’’. m. in room 201, Agricultural Hall, on the subject.
total. The hours of darkness brought. KISS THE SECOND TERM BpYS GOODBYE DEP’T: V-12 basic
Over the radio all reserve officers injuries; use of weapons caused students finishing their second semester in three,more weeks are due to were ordered to their posts, which be sent to various other colleges. This is in line with the policy of the for Commander Thompson' meant Injuries through accidents with Bureau of Naval Personnel of assigning the navy students to some special
that he had to proceed immediately government vehicles numbered 490. group such as mechanical engineering, pre-med,, etc., and keeping them ^integrating Graduate Instruction fn fKc Pparl PTflphm- Navul Hosnitpl. Main causes for accidents, such as there. They base their decision on the boy’s own choice, on his grades, his Teaching and Research P”o-
coHisions and cars overturning, physical fitness, and the findings of three interviewers. Then they send ' ‘ h‘
were blackouts, excessive speed, and him to the school which specializes in his work.
drivers falling asleep at the wheel There are also fifteen or twenty fellows on station who are being sent or being blinded by lights approach- to other schools for transfer into the NROTC. In that way they have a
chance to get USN commissions whereas V-12’s get USNR commissions.
Gold Dicger.s Ticket Salesmen: Turn in tickets ami money by 4 p. m. Saturday, Feb. 5, in the AWS olTice. - PATTERSON.
Lost—Small pcold Bulova ladies watch in Union Friday. Reward, Phone. 8413, Room ■2229. Vv
Found—Keys on chain in Music Hall Auditorium. Call Janitors Office.
to the Pearl Harbor Naval Hospital. As his car was in town, Mrs. Thompson had to drive the commander to the hospital in her station wagon.
Cotifusion Reigns
Orderly confusion reigned in the Pearl Harbor Navy Yard, as officers raced to their posts, while ships continued to explode, and Jap planes kept up the attack. The commander does not believe that his car was strafed, although in the excitement he didn’t notice. His wife drove the commander through the inferno of Pearl Harbor to the opposite side where the hospital was, turned around and drove right back through
it.
Hospital Receives Wounded All day long the doctors worked over the wounded. All patients were
gram.
mg.
Stress Preventative Measures General McNair concluded from these statistics that the establishment of preventative measures and the stressing of these precautions should be incorporated and practiced by all military companies of
the armed forces.
In The Churches
(Continued from page 2)
of Mr. and Mrs. Findley, 129 Sheetz street. The group is for all students and service men who are in-
^ - terested.
Tuesday at 5:30—The Westmin-
he was fascinated by the shooting ster Girls Club will meet in the
Agency Elects Alymnus Company Vice-President
L. R. Maxon, president of Maxon Inc., Detroit advertising agency, recently announced the election of George Eversman to the position of vice president of the company.
and fighting that went on in the air. lounge of the church. Supper will Eyersman will add these duties to He aLso said that there was no trou- be sdrved for coeds and any Wright those he has performed for the last hie with riots against Japanese, or Field girls who care to come; six years as head of the agency’s
those of Japanese descent, living in
given morphine, classified as to na-
ture and seriousness of wounds, and funded up, and the re.st allowed to
designated for immediate or future surgery. Three separate attacks, at 8, 9, and 11, occurred. The wounded poured into the hospitals, brought by ambulance, private ear, trucks, and station wagons. All patients^ able to be moved were sent out into Navy homes, barracks, and other hospitals, tolmake room for the never-ceasing flow.
Wedne.sday at 5:30—Dinner con- merchandising department,
the islands. Dangero.us aliens 'were ferencC in the southwest corner, of Eversman, a former basketball,
the Union cafeteria. football and baseball star at the Friday from 7 to 11—Open house University, was born in Richmond,
with recreation,^ refreshments and
live their normal way. .Staff Receives Citation
The commander sent his family home by tlie first boat that left, and they came to Kokomo to live. For a time lief ore his transfer to the University, Commander Thompson was on the staff of Admiral Chamber.s. All the medical staff of Pearl Harbor naval hospitals were given a ci-
At 3 p. m. that afternoon. Com- tation by Admiral Nimitz, for their mander Thompson was given a few work during and after the attack, hours off during which he managed Commander Thompson, M. C., to reach his home to.see if his fam- USNR, received his A.B. from the ily was safe, as their home on a hill- University of Southern California
Wesley Foundation
Corner State and Sheetz Streets Rev. E. K. Balsley, Minister 9:30—The two classes for church
school will meet.
10:40—Morning worship service, at which William C. Shepdrd of Indianapolis will speak. 5:00—Fellowship Supper.
Boxisig All students interested in the All Campus Boxing Tournament should start working out at 4 p. m. each evening so that they will be in good shape for the finals on February 21. •
■Were Looking to the Future
Yes, we’re thinking about the time, possibly not so far off, when we’ll need every customer we cah get. Therefore, we’re maintaining our pre-war standards as to THROUGHNESS of cleaning, when as the says goes “we could get away with anything.” Streamlined for more efficient deliveries, and working under the pressure of an increased volume of business, we are still giving you THOROUGH cleaning.
Kindly return a coat hanger with each garment you send.
side, was directly in the line of fire. Flak had broken several windows, narrowly missing his son, and was scattered all over the yard. Guns Fire At False Alarms All that evening guns would fire intermittently, as false alarms were given. The staff of the hospital stood Watching the entrancing display of ..fireworks when all the guns cut loose. Commander Thompson stated that
and’his M.D. from Rush Medical College at Chicago in 1928, when he joined the Navy, and since that time has been in the Naval Reserve. He lived in California for several years prior to going to Hawaii in 1935. On .June 15,. 1941, he was called up by the Navy for active service.
and Hillel Foundations will hold a
5:45—Prof. M. H. Thornton will joint session, to be open to the puhlead the discussion. lie, at which Dr. Harry A. Over6:45 to 7—Closing Worship. .^ street will speak. The group is to Tuesday , at 8 p. m-.—The Wesley meet in the great hall.
Claire Trevor, playing the fascinating role of Dora Hand in“The Woman Of The Town,” banks her money in the good old-fashioned way. The film, a United Artists release, opens today at the Mars Theatre.
Buy War Bonds
C c "" y HOWN are two of o wide selection of smart, exciting new MODERN-DAY coffee, cocktail, end, lamp, occasional tobies and smokers. Choice of Wheat or Walnut finish to blend with your modern or period furniture. Polished, thick : gloss top and shelf, built for Jong service. Brighten your home with one or two pieces —today, while they lost.
MODERN-DAY $74.95 Oval CocktaikTable. Gloss 28".'circle. ^MODERN-DAY 102 Half-circle End Table. Glass 12" X 24".
r 7
DECKER’S
518-20 MAIN STREET
PHONE 5036
BUY WAR BONDS The Best Investment in the World!
You*n find the Scotty label and medallion on every genuine Rotbmoor*
New spring ROTHMOOR SUITS
Quality is the one thing Rothmoor know best.. quality is the one thing you want most. It’s here at its finest.. in these new suits for spring COATS TO MATCH
Blouses For Your Spring Siiit Romantic prints; lace edged j a 1) o t models; ruffled necklines; lucked bosom blouses.
'"TRADE MARK REG. U. S. PAT. OFFICE