'T'*?
f 'R (n ’’"t
®he Puriue TExpanent
* s \i>im , / ' *'? 'i'll
^ A/kW
4 ^'-m
Bead Daily By 6000 Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, APRIL 24, 1937
NUBIBEB 139
Spring Spree Will Feature Picnic, Prizes, Treasure Hunt Games, prizes, food—^these three items will be the keynote of the lirst annual Spring Spree, facultystu(|ent get-together and picnic, to be held this afternoon at Ross Camp. The outing, sponsored by Alpha Phi Omega, national service fraternity, will start promptly at two o’clock with a treasure hunt. Prizes for the winners will consist of a nunjber of ten, five, and one dollar bills. Tug-Of-War After the htmt Prof. “Bill” Miller’s highly touted faculty tug-of-war team will meet the student squad in a pulling battle. Next, Prof. Venemann’s “Brain Trust” baseball team, composed of faculty members, will attempt to take the measure of a carefully selected student nine. Numerous other games will be run off at this time, including horseshoes, three-legged races, and potato races. Lots Of Food Refreshments, and plenty of them, will be served at about 5 o’clock. Eric Wadleigh, chairman of the refreshment committee, claims that he has a menu planned that will “satisfy appetite of even a freshman football player.” Activities will be over by 7 o’clock, allowing plenty of time to return for the evening’s activities. Transportation for those without cars will be furnished. A bus will leave the Union for the Camp at 1:30. * Tickets, priced at fifty cents, may be obtained from any Alpha Phi Omega member or pledge, or at the Union desk.
Place Orders Mqnday For Gala Invitations
April 24, 1937 HERE’S an item from the Daily Cardinal, University of Wisconsin’s student newspaper ... it concei^ that campus entity ... the sorority sister: —30— “SOPHISTICATED is a word coined solely for this cutie’s sake .. smokes cigarettes with the deliberate inhaling of Marlene Dietrich an<J with nary a cough. Long, tall girl that she is, finds that ankle length skirts are life’s greatest blessing . . . —30— NOT averse to a snappy joke, but heaven help the poor sucker who tells her a dirty gag she has already heard . . . she won’t tolerate that kind of bad taste . . . —30— “LOVES to be seen draped on the sturdy arm of anybody who is somebody on the campus, regardless of previous condition of servitude . . . that is, so long as his fraternity affiliation is adequate. Her social consciousness begins and ends with the perusal of Vogue and a pedantic discussion of European trends . . . in fashions. . . . —30— “TALKS an awful lot about the things she can’t understand such as books, newspapers, people, babies, and life. Has discovered the terrible ^ruth that a dimpled chin is worth two Phi Beta Kappa keys. Her infant stare, her sweet gurgling, attracts male children in droves . . . after which she plays eenie, meenie, miney, moe with their hearts and retires to wed a Sigma Chi from Dartmouth who has bewitched her soul with his waltzing . . . —30— “SHE is very n^odern ... doesn’t believe in babies or firesides .... doesn’t believe in being kind to the dumb animals .,. doesn't believe in poor people . . . thinks poverty an awful bore ... in fact, doesn’t believe in much of anything , . . her life-long ambition: to be her own smug self...”
Orders for Gala Week announcements and invitations may be placed at Deac’s or Southworth’s or at a speqial de^k in the Memorial Union Building starting Monday, members of the committee announced yesterday. Two types of invitations will be available, a white cardboard bound Copy, selling for 15 cents and a leather bound edition for 25 cents. The interiors of the two will be identical, consisting of a complete class roll and campus snapshots with special emphasis being placed on the new Executive Building. Announcements will retail at a nickel. Members of the committee have requested that orders be placed promptly to avoid last minute shortages. All orders must be paid for at the time of ordering.
Spring Fever Reaches Even To The Ag Campus By Don Paarlberg Spring on the ag campus! W^arm breezes, green grass, and leafing trees beckon enticingly to suffering ag students imprisoned in laboratory and lecture room. Saturday classes suffer a heavy mortality as spring fever strikes the homesick ags. Over at the Purdue farm, spring work is in full swing. A part of the oats is in and spring plowing has begun. The |Wheat has been revived by recent rains. The lambing season is over and the farrowing sea son is on, with prospects for a good crop of spring pigs. Three new colts have arrived at the horse barn, and Six more are expected before the middle of May. Letters from home tell of livestock, spring work, and familiar faces and fields. Spring has come, and with it the age-old restless urge that calls so insistently to anyone who has lived close to the soil. And here we sit in stuffy class-
Estey Elected Head Of Economic Association Dr. J. A. Estey, head of the history, government, and economics department, was elected president of the Mid-West Economic Association for the year 1937-38, at its annual meeting in Des Moines, Iowa, last week. Other officers of the Association, which draws its .members from colleges and universities in Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, Missouri, Iowa, Minnesota, North and South Dakota, Nebraska, and Kansas, are Prof. John Ise, University of Kansas, vice-president, and Prof. T. W. Schultz, iowa State College, secre tary-treasurer.
Union Will Entertain Exponent Staff Tonight Members of the Exponent staff, with their escorts, who do no^ necessarily have to be on the st^ff, will be entertained at a party in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 8 o’clock topight.^ After the party, the Student Union will entertain the workers at the mixer.
Delta Tan Delta Delta Tau Delta announces the election of the following officers: R. T. Reid, president; J. L. Von Harz; vice-president and rush chairman ;'^R. C. Walter, corresponding secretary; J. M. Patterson, recording secretary; L. R. Bearse, activities chairman; D. R. Shoemaker, song leader; R. F. Glos, athletic manager; and P. T. McDonald, as freshman advisor.
Kohlmeyer To Speak At 2iid Mentone Egg Show William Kohlmeyer, who is in charge of poultry extension work at the University, will speak at the second annual Mentone Egg Show in Mentone next Friday on the subject “Growing Healthy Pullets.” The show, to be held April 29 and 30, will also be addressed by leading poultry experts of the Middle West.
Dr.BeUNamed Speaker For Baccalaureate Dr. Bernard Iddings Bell, of Providence, R. I., distinguished minister and author, who is known for his religious activities in England as well as in this country, will, deliver the address for Baccalaureate services this year, Dr. E. C. Elliott announced yesterday. Services May 2 The services will be held Sunday afternoon. May 2, in the Armory as a part of the Gala Week program. His subject will be “Challenge To Live.” Dr. Bell, who is the preaching cannon at the St. John’s Cathedral, Providence, R. I., preaches annually to more than 18 colleges and universities in this country. Approximately one-half of his time is spent in England, where he preaches in many English churches, universities and schools. Chicago’s Best Grad Prominent religious authorities have referred to Dr. Bell as being probably the best graduate from the University of Chicago in religion in many years. Dean Charles Gilkey of Chicago described the Providence cannon as “Vigorous, aggressive, and thought provoking.” While a student he was a leader in dramatic organization.
Mike Murphy Will Thrin Crowds By Stunt Flying “Mike” Murphy, the flying Irishman, has promised to put on one of his spine-tingling exhibits of trick flying for the entertainment of the Gala Week crowds, on Stmday, May 2, at 3 p. m., at the Purdue Airport “Mike,” famous Indiana pilot, is known internationally becausb of his death-def3dng stunts, which include his famous take-off from the roof of a moving automobile. He was recently invited to fly in the coming Paris air meet, but due to insufficient time he declined the offer and will appear here instead.
Opera Singer
Marcia Kenyon Bissell, noted opera singer and University alumna, who will sing a program of classical selections tomorrow in the music room of the Memorial Union Building.
Theta Chi Ends Paddling Theta Chi fraternity has completely abolished the use of the paddle in pledge training, according to an announcement made yesterday by that fraternity. This group is among the first to adopt the policy that has been supported by the Exponent. The fraternity took this step because the members as a whole realize that the disadvantages of physical torture, as a disciplinary measure, far outweigh the advantages A substitute has been fotmd that will benefit both the pledge and the fraternity without sacrificing any of the necessary discpline.
Bissell To Give Music Room Concert Marcia Kenyon Bissell, University graduate of 1923, and one of the three Cleveland opera singers selected for roles in the Cleveland Orchestra’s production of Carmen, will sing a program of classical airs in the music room of the Memorial Union Building tomorrow afternoon at 4 p. m. Mrs. Bissell, a former resident of West Lafayette, returned to the city to attend the University for the last two years of her college career, begun at Hiram College in Ohio. She is the daughter of Prof. A. M. Kenyon, head of the University math deparment till the time of his death in 1921. While a student here, Mrs. Bissell sang with the Girls’ Glee Club and played leading roles in the Harlequin Club productions of 1922 and 1923. She is a member of Kappa Alpha Theta sorority and an active member of the Cleveland Alumnae chapter.
Alumni Hear Hockema Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, was in Fort Wayne last night to speak at the monthly meeting of the Purdue Alumni Club.
IVinely Dads Attend Annual Spring Dinner Approximately 90 Purdue dads of the Chicago area attended the annual spring dinner of the Purdue Dads’ Club field in that city Thurs day evening. Dr. J. L. Bray, head of the school of chemical engineering, spoke to the group on the work in his department. Dr. E. C. Young assistant dean of the University graduate school, and T. R. Johnston, publicity director, spoke on other phases of University work. At a short business meeting following the dinner. Judge John D. Clancy, Riverside, 111., was elected president to succeed J. W. Favorite, of LaGrange, 111.
Omicron Nu Omicron Nu, honorary home economics socity, announces the pledging of Dorotha Sytoons, Carmel. Miss Ssnnons, a senior in the home economics school, is planning to continue her training at the University of Iowa.
^ YOUR EXPONENT QUESTIONNAIRE ^ The Exponent is your paper. We want it to print the things you like. Have you any pet peeves, suggestions or criticisms, things you wish we would or would not do ? Here’s your chance to get action on them. Please check the questions listed below. We’ll appreciate your co-operation. How much of the average news story do you read? Headline only □ First Paragraph □ About half. □ All of it □ How often do you read the editorials? Never □ When they look interesting. □ Always □ Headings only □ How much of the Sports Page do you read? About half. □ All of it □ Main story.... .□ Intramurals □ Fielders’ Choice □ / How much of the Co-ed Page do you read? About half. □ All of it □ Main story □ Household Notes □ Club notes ....□ Fashion Notes □ Social briefs □ Which special features do you read regularly? Grin and bear it '. □ Bold and Black □ Fielder’s Choice □ Notices □ “30” □ W.B.A.A □ Chimes p Would you rather have Bold and Black a different type of column^ or none at all? Bold and Black g Different □ None at all □ How many advertisements do you read, as a rule? All of them .’. □ None of them □ Those which interest you □ Do you read classified advertisements regularly? Yes .□ No □ Sometimes g Would you like to have a column of late news flashes of national events? Yes g No g Would you like to have a column commenting on current world news? Yes „...g No g Would you like to have a column of personal and society news? Yes g No ^ g Have you any other suggestions?
Name
.School Year
R. Schlundt Elected PIA President; 300 Poll Votes Robert H. Schlundt, junior in the electrical engineering school, was elected president of the Purdue Lidependent Association for the coming year in the annual elections of the organization conducted yesterday in the main lobby of the Memorial Union Building. Roger B. Clymer, Ag., ’38, Won the P. I. A. vice-presidency, Martha Whitehead, H. E., ’39, was elected secretary, and Stanley A. Wright, P. S. E., ’38, was named treasurer. Mary E. Wien, H. E., ’39, was tmopposed for the position as co-ed executive. More than 300 association members polled their votes in yesterday’s election, which were conducted fairly and orderly by the P. I. A. board. An Exponent represent;ative was present during the voting and the tabulating of the results. Thank You “I wish to thank those students who supported me, and I shall do my best to live up to their expectations,” Schlundt said at the P. I. A. spring formal last night when his election was announced. “For the next year the success of P. I. A. will be of first importance to me.” Schlimdt is a member of Eta Kappa Nu, a pledge to Tau Beta Pi and to Reamer Club, he sings in, the Men’s Glee Club, and is a distinguished student with the second highest record in the electrical engineering school. He will succeed Herman Hersh as president.'
Ryman^ Movie Scout, To Visit Campus Monday By Don Muller Opportunity knocks but once! Have you those Garbo eyes, those Dietrich lips (?), or those Powell legs ? Have you that Gable personality, that Montgomery smile, or that Taylor nose ? If you have, step right up! Talent Scout Playshop brings to Purdue campus a talent scout, and a very famous talent scout at that. She is none other than that well-know Lucille Ryma!n who represents Universal Pictures of Hollywood. On her return trip from New York to Hollywood, Miss Ryman is stopping at a number of the larger universities in search of a special type of motion picture talent. Romantic Type In a letter to H. Kenn Carmichael, dramatics instructor at the University, Miss Ryman stated that she did not wish to see any child or character actors, but rather the straight romantic type^like l^rone Power. Miss Ryman will be here for two dasrs, next Monday and Tuesday, when she will view a VMartime” rehearsal plus the prospective tidmik
Edwin B. Smith, EE, *00 I)ies At Marion, Indiana Edwin B. Smith, E.E. 1900, died unexpectedly Wednesday afternoon at his home in Mafion. Smith served as assistant in the mechanical drawing department at the University until 1910, when he took the position of chief engineer for the Marion Machine Foundry and Supply Works. He is survived by his widow, the former Blanche Barnard, of West Lafayette, a son, Brooke I. Smithy M.E. ’26, and a daughter, Mhs, Grace Marie (Gilbert) Wilson, also a Purdue graduate.
FACULTY MEETING
To Members of the University Facully; The regular monthly maetiim of the faculty will be held on Monday, April 26, at 4 p. m,, in Stanley Coed^r Hall. A foil attendance is expected, mWAm 0. EEddOTT. ' PresidMil,
'*1
lA ml^i^^SSamimmam
THE ptjRDtJfi Exponent
''I'l!“ :«t; f! ^ f Pv f
I^Htui^d^y^Aprii 24,19S7
W^t $ttrbue exponent
Founded In 188S
•1
Bntered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indian^ Delivered ^ mail, $8,80 i»er year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold w a single copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 5088
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
MEMBER
t ghssocittted gbll^iate ^rcas
EDITORIAL BOAllD OF CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF HanaKing Elditor — ^**5f*® Associate Editors K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Mamon, C. U Sadler Sophomore Assistants W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J.R. Clark L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance B. H. Kellogg, K. E. O’Neil Bold and Black Editor —J- C. Ohaver
BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manager National Advertising Managerlocal Advertising Manager.— Advertising Assistants —
Circniation Manager..
R. J. Hulse ..L. H. Brovsrn ..D. C. Idiller
Circulation Assistants
_W. J. Gillilan, R. R. Hensler, M. C. Reeves ...J, P. Girard ....: F. C. Robbins, F. T. Swain
Editor.
SPORTS STAFF
..L. D. Wood
Associate Editors...11'.'.'’’.'.'.■■.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.’.’.’.’.1..W. H. Fifield, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
Issue Editor—W. A. Kroeplin
Canada And The CIO
Relations between this country and Canada have been of the best for over 120 years. True, there have been minor disputes, but these have been amicably settled and have been of no great consequence. The present labor troubles in this country bid fair to stir up animosity between the two countries that have for so long lived on either side of the longest unfortified frontier in the world. To try to say that either the industrialist or labor is right in the dispute, as it has raged in this country, would be a mere political discussion and would accomplish nothing. The thing that does hold a national and international significance is the Committee for Industrial Organization’s meddling with Canadian labor. For many years, the workingman has always cried that he “would not fight another war for the money interests.” John L. Lewis’ attempt at control of the Canadian auto workers may well provoke a dispute of greater than national scope. Although the automobile factories in Canada are now owned by American interests, Canadian labor is employed in them, and Canadian labor leaders only should have the right of telling the laborers what to do. That two countries, both speaking the English language, should live peacefully side by side for over a century is in itself a record. A policy of home management rarely brings trouble, but let some outside meddler put his hands on the matter, then trouble is inevitable. The World War has provided an example of the consequences of meddling in other countries’ affairs. If our present labor leaders would think of the great cost of that war jthey would be more cautious about meddling with another country’s laborers.—D. R. V.
Hobo Conclave
In a recent issue of the Indianapolis Star there appeared an article which told of a convention of hoboes that was to take place in St. Louis. The account of the convention itself was rather interesting, but the things that the convention hoped to accomplish were ridiculous to a high degree. Accounts of such happenings make good reading but they also show that there exists in this county a class or group who may be termed parasites and whose existence is a liability to this country. As proof of this, some of the aims of the convention may be cited: “We want national recreation centers set up. You know, these unemployment registration bureaus ain’t so good. We need places where our boys can play cards and dominoes. Then they’ll be right handy when a job comes along.” The last sentence in itself is enough proof that they do not desire to work. They just wait for a job to be pushed off on them. “We’ll ask the convention to approve setting aside the Sunday following Lal^r Day as a memorial day for hoboes killed on freight trains.” Putting themselves into a class with national heroes would be a blot on the name of the nation if such a request were granted. It would be well if such a class of professional “moochers” were removed in some manner. I do not say that all people who try to get free rides from point to point are “boes.” There are those who are trying to get to -some city where they have an honest job awaiting them. At times such a person has not the means of purchasing railroad fare and who cannot borrow the money. Hoboes are a constant source of trouble to railroad police and to municipal police of all the larger cities. Transient bureaus are now in operatoion to take care of cases of people who are worthy of having transportation furnished them. The professional bub never uses these. He knows that his case would be turned down. Gettinig rid of the hobo as a class would be hard to accomplish, but the results would in all probability merit the costs of such a campaign.—^D. R. V.
Game Room Gambling
In the Memorial Union Building addition that was built last summer there is a room called the Game Room. It is not a well known room because it does not receive the publicity that the Music Room and the bowling alleys get. However, many students play such card games as bridge, rummy, and hearts in that room every day. Until this semester, card games were conducted in the Game Room in a friendly manner. Now students are taking advantage of the University and of the Memorial Union Building by gambling in there. Although the actual payment of the gambling debts does not take place inside the building, score is kept, and debts are settled elsewhere. Student Union officials state that it is practically impossible to catch anyone gambling in the Game Room. If it were, those caught would be liable to University discipline. The Student Union does not have to stand for such actions from students. It is agreed that every student pays a small sum every year for the use of anything the Memorial Union has—^not take advantage of them. Surely students who must and have to gamble can find a more suitable place than the Game Room. It is. showing outright disrespect for what the Memorial Union stands for to do this. If students can’t add to what this building stands for, they can at least refrain from taking away from it—its reputation. It is hoped by the Student Union that students, of their own accord, will stop this condition now existing in the Game Boom*—K. E. 0.
NUDE FLASH . . . SPE fresh man BILL SMITH ran around the block in which the Sig Ep house is located about 8 o’clock last night without wearing a stitch of clothes . .. from the SPE ranch down past the home ec “practice” house to University street, then to the Alpha Chi domicile, back to Waldron, and then home . . . Tom Crossland gave him a buck to do it ... a few minutes later BOB “CHISELER” HEN SLER did the same trick for twobits . . .
Ahoy! Ahoy! 0 yez. 0 yez. The Tippling Teetotlers are again in your hair. Since my partner has been Teetotling this week I will do some Tippling to catch up. Instructions: Roll up sleeves and wade in. Take your marks. Get set. GO!
Glad to see that pin again MILES STUCKEY says the bowling is falling off. Maybe he should start some bowling on the green. Some of the fellows are meeting the “‘Profs” in the Sweet Shop. They furnish straws there. . . .
Sig’s BAKER and WRIGHT plan a little excursion to Stephens College for the Junior Prom. So far the boys have one grand d ^k planned . . (Fill in the three letters and the best answer gets the perforated bathtub) . . .
Wuxtra, Wuxtra. “Jo-Jo” NEIDHARDT, Theta Tau naughty boy, “stole” one of Harry’s Eggs from the Chocolate Shpppe and proceeded to LAY same on State Street . . . and right in broad daylight too . . . by the way the LAW is still looking for the guy which swiped the gold fish at the Avalon Whatta Kleptomaniac (spelling contributed) . ..
Family
Sunday — Monday
Mtairtng
BUBHOMEWi
mm
mDHE FOIH C. Aubrey Smilb
Virginia Field ''
AND A
MAMirara "—EXTRA— Our Gang Comedy
—LAST DAY— Gene Autry
“The Old Corral” —and— "Walter McGrail
“Special Agent K-7”
No colyttm is coitiplete without its POME A SHORT STORY All boys have girls at home it seems And with high hopes to make it a “team.” Still with all the fair co-eds they play And to them words of deep love they say. Now co-eds don’t mind to have competition It adds to the game an end of completion. Tho’ once in a while there comes up to school Some sweet young thing who knows not a rule. ' Along comes an ed—^who works up a heat And sweeps this young thing right off her feet. The year passes by and along comes the “Prom.” Young thing—she gets ready, but off goes her “Tom.” (Kind of catty I tank) —^ye Ed. Miles and miles he goes back to bind Himself an^,„the girl that he left behindT \ So, young things, learn soon and don’t go astray. Haven’t you heard ? All Purdue eds are that way. —By, That Sweet Young Thing
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
Stay in there and pitch “Woody” (CARROLL) they’ve struck oil on “Tex” WILSON’S ranch . . . this junior ROP is sure some fun. Are those linemen wrapped up in their work!! . . , you should see BEN VAN DOREN climb a tree ... we know what his ancestors were . . .
Infamous Sayings of Famous Personages—Sig HERT, “Hmmm . . .
“Starlight, star bright, first star tonight—make a wish!”
Hmmm .. you done it.” Done what? This Exponent olfis sure was busy last P. M. There were enough coeds there to get out a whble co-ed edition. Won’t somebody do something real rash just to pep the colyum up a bit? — “Orv” MARTIN sure saw Monday,just what a prom
can do to a track team. And what we all want to know is was that guy who wrote the Fielder’s Cherse on Tuesday at the Prom on Friday. ..
Don’t forget those passes. Ye of the literati get to work. HELP!! HELP! hel^! hel-... They got us ..
MEET THE GIRLS.. .WHO GOT CAUGHT IN THE RACKET!
NOTICE Too Candid— Too Shocking for children to see.
Warner Bros, present the picture they dared the movies to make...
ITf I Djuns
O llAli
■fifun
in
with HUMPHREY
BOGART
LOLA LANE • ISABEL JEWELL EDUARDO CIANNELLI 'JANE BRYANROSALIND MARQUIS MAYOMETHOT'AllenJenItins -EXTRA—
—LAST DAYLew Ayres in “Crime Nobody Saw” —and—: Claire Trevor in “Time Out for Romance”
Phil Spitalny and his girl orch.
Starts TOMORROW
“Musical Charmers”
LUMA
STARTS TOMORROW
TAYLOR OiV
A NIGHT LIKE THISI
Gorgeous Jean is Bob’s newest sweetheart! So look for fun...as they frolic cheek to cheek . . . tn the romance of a girl who wanted a million... but settled for a man who couldn’t give her anything hut love!
JEAN
HflRLOUJ ^ROBERT TAYLOR
PERSOnflL
wilt REGINALD OWEN
'•'iiiaaiii
—PLUS—
Mickey Mouse in Color
Travel Talk, In Color
.Pictorial
—Last Day— Lionel Barrymore Cecelia Parker Brie Linden in “A FAMILY AFFAIR”" i,’
April 24> 1987
Baseball Team
Opens BigTen Season Today
Tmnis Te^ Opws Season AgBuist Indiana State
The Boilermaker baseball nine, which has turned in five victories in eight starts in it’s pre-conference campaign, will leave this morning to launch its Big Ten season with the Maroons of Chicago, as the opponents. Either Arnold Bredewater or Stuart Heiss, sophomore hurlers are expected to draw the pitching assigiiment/against the tough Chicago team. Both are in excellent form and have given plenty of indication of ihaking it tough for all batters, . who face them this season. , Coach Dutch Pehring will take 23 men to the Windy City, almost the entire squad making the trip. Following the game, the Boilermakers will remain overnight in Chicago and will be the guests of the White Sox management at the Detroit contest Sunday afternoon. The Boilermaker squad is fast rounding into shape, and after the batting improvement which was evident in the Wabash game on last Thursday, should prove a tough assignment for the Maroon riine.
Chi Omegas, Alpha Chis Tie Lambda Chis, 14-14
The Chi Omegas and Alpha Chis played the Lambda Chis to a 14-14 tie in the first mixed baseball game of the year. More of these co-educational contests will be held every Friday afternoon. Any mixed groups wishing to participate in such games can make arrangements with either Miss Brady or Miss Ellis of the women’s physical education department.
Hajrwood’s is showing Genuine Engraved Wedding Announcements in the latest Engraving Pace and on Coral White Vellum priced at $6.86 for 25 Wedding Announcements, including Inside and Outside Envelopes, Tissuing, and Inserting. Additional copies at only 7 cents each.
Coach Labree’s tennis squad will get their first real workout of the year today as they tackle Indiana State Teachers’ College in their opening rtieet at Terre Haute. The Boilermaker netters are probably the most unproven combination which has graced the clay courts for some years. On looking over the roster, it is seen that there are only two veterans on the team; Wakefield, a letterman from last year and Traylor, who garnered his varsity position and letter two seasons ago. There is plenty of promising material out for practice, however, and five men who show great possibilities are Gardner, Mann, Jackson, Brodsky, and Winter.
LEAGUE STANDINGS
—National LeagueWon Lost Pet. St. Louis 3 0 1.000 Pittsburgh .3 0 1.000 New York 2 0 1.000 Philadelphia. .....2 1 .666 Brooklyn 1 1 .500 Cincinnati 0 3 .000 Boston 0 0 ' .000 Chicago 0 3 .000
Yesterday’s Results
Brooklyn, 4; Philadelphia, 3.
New York, 3
Boston, 0.
Pittsburgh, 4
; Cincinnati,
3.
St. Louis, 5;
Chicago, 4.
—American League—
Won Lost
Pet.
Detroit
2 0
1.000
Boston
1 0
1.000
Philadelphia ....
........ 2 1
.666
Cleveland ........
1 1
.500
St. Louis
....... 12
.333
Washington.....
........ 1 2
.333
Chicago
1 2
.333
New York
0 1
.000
Yesterday’s Results Cleveland, 9; St. Louis, 2. Philadelphia, 7; Washington, 1. Detroit, 10; Chicago, 2.
TONITE MIDNITE PREVIEW 11:30 Gold Diggers of 1937
STARTS SUNDAY—DOUBLE FEATURE
le
r s....
oice
By Bob Walpolea»MM
STAKI HUMMIHGl THETRE COMING! In the Show That Brings Everyone Running To See How Warner Bros. Have Surpassed All Other Miraculous Screen Entertainmentsl DICK JOAN
oojp Diggers oFJW.
VICTOR MOORE^ GLENDA FARRELL*LEE DIXON*OSGOOD PERKINS * ROSALIND MARQUIS
SEE 200 hand-picked American benoMe* In Butby Berkeley’* mocl magnlficenl parade of leyelineii, "All's Fair In Love And War"I MEAR those ctngable; iwingable tune*, "Qold DIggera Lullaby", "Speaking of the Weather“."Let'a Put Our Meade Together^' *
PLUS SECOND FEATURE
-—with—
JUNE TRAVIS — DONALD
COOK
bob LIVINGSTON
The girl he loves — in his arms! The man he hates—^inhis power! Twisted with jealousy. .. Torn by love, 100 feet high where a slip means certain death. Daring drama on the high trapeze! IPs First Run
today—DOUBLE FEATURE
SMART BLONDE
bill CRACKS DOWN
with
with
GLENDA FARRELL
GRANT WITHERS
BARTON MACLANE
BEATRICE ROBERTS
Joe Browil Favoril Paying College Gridmen Salaries
Our golf squad, after starting out the year by dropping their first contest of the season to Iowa, seems to have thrown itself in ultra high gear by taking the count of Notre Dame Thursday, 13-5 V —fcAt’this rate we really ought to go places this year . , . the Irish always have one of the best combines in the country ... just to show their prowess . . . they beat Chicago 17-1 before meeting their Waterloo at the hands of the Boilermakers ... —-fC—r After beating Wabash, “Dutch” Fehring’s batsmen tackle the Maroons today and Notre Dame Tuesday . . . for you math sharks who like to argue out games before hand by, comparative scores you caii take today’s score with Chicago and use the fact that Chicago beat the Irish 9-2 to your best advantage. .
. —c—
Going astray a little ... the interfraternity participation trophy this year is something to delight an aspiring Greek’s heart. . . there are six gold athletic figures surrounding a central column supporting another figure holding up a laurel wreath, all mounted On a wooden base . . . It’s enough to make any struggling fraternity go but and fight with its last breath for participation points.
—^fc-—
Here’s one that’s hard to beat . . Miklos Szabo, who failed to finish in the money in a recent two-mile run at Boston, consumed a huge order of roast pork swimming iii gravy, and then washed it down with a bottle of milk just before the race ... he must have been a man to have even finished the run, —fc— '■ Bruce Witwer pounding this out for Walpole today! s
This special interview with a famed Hollywood star was written for the Pnrdne Exponent, and the Associated Collegiate Press by a member of the staff of the University of Southern California Daily Trojan and former Los Angeles Junior Col-
lege student.
; *1* ''■■warTo trolfers Win In Upset rrom Notre Dame
By Harry Coulter Hollywood, April 21—Sports enthusiast Joe E. Brown stopped long enough between scenes in his new picture, “All Is Confusion,” the other day to'advocate $40 a month for college football players, minimize the importance of all-Ameri-can selections, and utter a big mouthful about football in general. “Every college football player ought to be paid $40 a month for his services,” said Brown anent the plan proposed by some institutions to openly subsidize their gridders. “Not as a regular salary, you understand, but as expense money to cover their board and room, in addition to their tuition.
Phi Kappa Sigma Leads In Mass Golf Tourney
With eight fraternity golf records already on file and their averages computed, there are still some outstanding scores which may throw the leading averages to date, in the discard. Some Greek organizations haven’t turned in any results at all while others only need one or two more scores to finish out their quota. Phi Kappa Sigma is leading the pack with an average score of 43.1 for nine holes. Other results are Sigma Nu, 44.9; Phi Gamma Delta, 45.5; Phi Delta Theta, 45.6; Sigma Phi Epsilon, 48.1; Kappa Sigma, 49,1; Phi Kappa Tau, 50.4; and Beta Theta Pi, 62.4.
Harvard, Yale, and the University of Chicago have the largest amount of endowment funds of any of the educational institutions in the United States. Harvard’s fund totals $131,099,000.
.THE
FAMED NOVEI. COMES TO LIFE!
All Seats Reserved TWO DAYS ONLY Friday, Saturday, April 30, May 1
Advocates Jobs “They should also be provided with a job, and their living quarters should be decent. It would be a good idea for the fraternities to give the football players special rates. “No, I don’t think they should be paid regular salaries. That would spoil ’em. And besides, it isn’t right to commercialize the boys.” Garbed in a tight-fitting grey suit with pin-stripes, a red and white bow tie that fairly yelled, and a battered felt hat, the comic, who was dressed for his role as Elmer Lane, the flash reporter on a smalltown paper, leaned back in his chair and warmed up to his favorite topic. ^ Lauds Alumni “You gotta hand the alumni a lot of credit when a college has a good team,” said the man who would rather yell himself hoarse at a football game than attend a Hollywood premiere. . “They’re the ones who go out and dig up good players, and I think it’s a fine thing. They should shovf an interest in their school.” All-American selections. Brown believes, are not reliable, “To draw even an approximate judgment it would be necessary to see at least every team twice, and even then you might catch a boy when he is playing his worst, or maybe they would be the only good games he’d play all season. Seven All-Americans “It almost seems as if they allow each section of the country only so many players, anyhow. Why, there have been times when we’ve had as many as seven real All-Americans right here on the coast! ” The good college team compared with the good pro team? There’s not a great deal of difference Brown avers. The former have the spirit and the latter more ability. “There’s little waste motion on a pro team. They know what to do and when to do it. To conapete with them successfully, the collegians would need a good passer. That’s where the pros shine. You can’t make much yardage through their forward wall.” “Well, gotta go now,” grinned the comedian through his grease-paint, as he was called to the set. A moment later he was exchanging wisecracks with director, cameramen and technicians. Joe E. Brown, football expert, straightened that glaring red and white tie, tilted his hat at a jaunty angle, and became Elmer Lane, pride of the Claremont ChTonicle.
Matinee ’ 50c and 75c’ Eyeniiw 60c, 76c, $1.10, Box Office Open Mon. 11:00 A. M. Mail Orders Now.
■.—and— Joel McCrea and Jean Arthur , in “Adventure in Idanhattau” —plus— Mickey Mouse Cartoon
LAST TIMES TODAY “Wild Horse Roundup’'
“Back to Nature”
“Undersea Kingdoip”
*
Giiiiiiii
Win In Third Practice Series
In defeating the Notre Dame golf team, 13 to 6, on the West Lafayette Country Club course here on Thursday, the Boilermaker golfei^ provided one of the major upsets in the sporting world this season. It marked only the fifth time in seven years of dual meet competition that the Irish have tasted the bitterness of defeat. Purdue, incidentally, was responsible for one of the four previous disasters of the Irish during this seven-year period. As a whole, the Boilermaker team played brilliant golf in both foursomes and individual matches to accomplish the upset. The squad lost little time in jumping into the lead, taking both Of the foursomes in the morning to earn a 6^4 to % advantage, and then winning two and tying one of the four individual matches in the afternoon for a 5% to % margin. John David, Purdue sophomore, who was teamed with Carl Freese, had an eagle two on the 320 yard third hole, in the morning fdursome play, and the combination registered a 33 for the out nine. The match between Frees and Mailhes in the afternoon provided the feature. Frees gaining a 2% to % victory with a medal 73 to Mailhes’ 74. Yesterday the squad left for Ann Arbor to meet Michigan’s almost perennial Big Ten champions, minus the services of Capt. Bob Smith, who was unable to make the trip. Smith was replaced by Edward Blank. Purdue’s other representatives will be Gene Anderson, Carl Frees, and John David.
Passes filled the air today as ilie fourth quarter in the third series of the gridiron practice tournament came to an end with the result that the Greeii team, repre^ senting Northwestern, went down to defeat at the hands of the boys ill red, representing Wisconsin, 19-7, while the boys wearing the Old Gold and Black took the Gold Ohio team into camp by a score of 8^ Greens Score Nesbitt’s 35-yard heave to Mackowitz accounted for the Green team’s only score, as the latter went over for a touchdown. Nesbitt also made the conversion. Wisconsin then took the ball and after a few plays it finally came; to rest in Cecil Isbell’s arms, who, without wasting any time, started around right end. Finding himself surrounded by “Northwestern” men, he quickly lateraled to Brock, another of the squad’s fast backfield men, who went over for a “Wisconsin” goal. Isbell made the conversion. “Purdue” - “Ohio” A tough battle followed in the “Purdue”-“Ohio” game with Juska wearing Red Grange’s famous “77” tearing right through the line like the “Galloping Ghost” of former years. Winchell blocked Selby’s attempted punt, and recovered the ball to give two points to the Boilermakers. Juska then intercepted one of Winchell’s passes, and sent Selby over with a lateral, but failed to make the conversion. One of the smoothest plays of the game, and the one which won for Purdue was Winchell’s 50-yard pass to Zachary who went over for a touchdown.
BASEBALL
—TODAY— Diamond 1— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Beta Theta Pi. 2— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 3— Sigma Chi vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 4— Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa. 5— —Phi Kappa Psi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 6— Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Pi. 7— Triangle vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 8— Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 9— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 10—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta.
LAWN MOWERS
Sharpened
NEW and USED MOWERS
Free Delivery
F. JOS. MULHAUPT ^ SON
Phone 2828
209-11 N. 5th St.
What’s new in writing paper ? Haywood’s is showing RYTEX LAID Printed Stationery, selected by “House and Garden Magazine” for their 1937 “Ideal House.” This clever Stationery comes in Coral White, Coronation Blue, Guards Grey and Buckingham Brown with your Name and Address or Monogram printed in Patio Red, Bermuda Blue or Ceylon Brown . . . three sizes ... Note Sheets, Double Sheets or Large Flat Sheets . . . all priced at $1.00, 50 Sheets and 60 Envelopes.
5 5 5 5 5
A NEW AND THRILL-
^ ING GAME OF SKILL ^
at
5 5
IHESSPOTGUHCLUB 2ilN. 5«hSL^
RIFLE AND PISTOL AND MACHINE SHOOTING
Make This Place Yonr East Side Headquarters
5 5
5 5 5 5 5
Gilmer Ale — lime Rlekey 24-oz. Bottle 10c, Plus Bottle Charge Dad’s Place • • • So Handy
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
641 Main Sl,
Send us your light clothes now for cleaning/as summer garrnents will soon be needed and it is Well to have them ready-— Either cotton or wool we are equipped to handle properly and youMI like our work. We guarantee satisfaction. Call3085
” .4,
' } i'i / 11'iW.Ti
Piaig ypucr
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
jf|V,
Ci
imes!
By Outs Schatzlbt
Episcopal Students—At the meeting of the Young Peoples’^ Fellowship, Presbyterian students will be welcomed as our guests. Prof. Lull will read a play. Supper will be served at 6 p. m., and the program begins at 7 o’clock
Christian Students—The Sunday school program begins at 9:30 a. m. The Student Class will convene at 9:50, at which time Dr. Hadley, of the mathematics department, will speak. The morning worship service will bea:in at 10:45. Rev. Mullen will preach the sermon “For People Who Doubt.” At 12:30 a group of students will go to Greencastle to attend the P.D.I. Conference. Because of this conference there will be no evening services for students.
Presbyterian Students—“The Intention And The Deed” will be the theme of Dr. Graham’s sermon at the morning service of worship at 10:40. The chorus under the direction of A. P. Stewart will sing. Dr. Graves will conduct the discussion group in the student rooms of the church at 9:30. The group IS discussing Jesus’ attitude to the
The Risk Dental Clinic
DB. PAUL A. BOK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RUE DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
You Can Be Sure If* Is Good.
SUNSHINE
FARhIS
Phone 5015
Missionary From China To Speak At Breakfast
Marie Adams, a missionary home on furlough from China, will be guest speaker at the May Breakfast of Wesley Foundation co-eds, which will be held on April 26 at 8 o’clock in the Wesley Foundation House. Leta Neuman will preside as the toastmistress of the program which will be composed of vocal numbers by Martha Whitehead, violin selections by Eva Robertson, and piano numbers by Kathryn Merritt. Muriel Barnard will give grace and Mrs. William McFadden will give a farewell address to the seniors, in whose honor the breakfast is held.
law of society. Tomorrow, the treatment of the offenders against the law will be discussed. The Sunday Evening Club will meet with the student group of St. John’s Church at 6 p. m.
Baptist Students—Rabbi Meyer Simon will speak at the morning services in the absence of Rev. Gleason, who is still recovering from an appendectomy. The student class will meet at 9:30. Roger Williams Club social hour at 5:30. Supper at 6 p. m. Reports of the Indiana-Purdue Conference will be given at the regular discussion hour.
Methodist Students—The co-ed breakfast will be held at the Foundation House at 8:00 Sunday morning. Miss Marie Adams, a missionary from China, will be the speaker. A program of special music has ben arranged. Election of officers will be held. The men’s class will be led by Rev. McFadden at the church at 9:30. Fellowship Hour and supper will be held as usual at the Foundation House at 5:00. Everybody is invited to come out. The program at Epworth League will be especially interesting. Miss Adams wil present a series of sterioptican slides on China.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
The thinkinar fellow ealle A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cara for ^teeial Oceaalona 26e per paeaenaer any part of tho city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Young men with an alertness for style will find pleasure in selecting additions to their spring wardrobes from our new materials.
sparrenda|h|l
TAILOR
HOTEL FOWLER Fourth and Ferry
WBAA
—TODAY— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:30—^High School Guest, the Camden High School. 12:00—Charles Powell, the Song Stylist. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Footnotes on the Headlines, Mr. Theodore Noss. 12:46—Market Reports. 1:00—The Radio Stage. 1:30—St. Boniface School Band. 1:46—String Trio. 2:00—Campus Varieties.
—MONDAY— 11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Phillips. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum, W. Hard, Wm. Kohlmeyer. 12 :1B—Luncheon Dance Time 12 :30—Athletic Review, Bob Heme. 12 :4B^—-Ivor Semplll. 1:45—Market and weather reports.
RYTEX TWEED-WEAVE is on sale during the Month of April only at Haywood’s and is offered in Coral White or Thistle Blue ... 200 Single Sheets and 100 Envelopes or 100 Double Sheets and 100 Envelopes . . printed with your Name and Address or Monogram in Blue, Black or Brown ink, $1.00 a box. Order a supply of this fine stationery at this Special April price.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Tennis Specials—Best quality restringing at special prices. Also offering some bargains in fine grade rackets. Phone 4784. Johnson.
Portable Victrola—Radio cabinet. Two 9x12 rugs. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
NOTICES
No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Alpha Phi Omega—Persons taking cars to Spring Spree who have room for more passengers, please leave name and number of seats available,at 8091. —LOUDERBACK.
Tau Beta Pi—Pledges call at 132 Sheetz street for constitutions. —TIEMAN.
Engineering uonoraries—Secretaries of Chi Epsilon, Eta Kappa Nu, Phi Lambda Upsilon, Pi Tau Sigma, and Tau Beta Pi get tickets to banquet from me at the Sigma Phi Epsilon house. —WRAY.
Tau Beta Pi—Pledges call at 132 Sheetz street for constitutions. —KEEMAN.
Lutheran Student Club—Meeting April 25 at 7:30 p m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. —MAAHS.
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St West Lafayette
/
SPORT TOGS
The season for sport togs is approaching. Better send yours to Crown for a general ^Tefreshing"^—ready for spring training.
Coown
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Christian Science Organization—Regular meeting in room B of the Memorial Union Building, 7:16 April 27. —WINTER.
W. A. A. Baseball—Games to be played at 4 p. m. April 26. In case of rain first game listed will be played in the Women’s Gymnasium. Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. Ward 1 and Ward 4; Ward 2 vs. Pi Beta Phi and Alpha Xi Delta. —TOWNSEND.
Glider Club—Work session at the TowCar garage April 24 at 1 o’clock. All members please turn out. —WILTSHIRE.
Scrivener—Editorial staff meetings April 24 at 2 p. m. and April 26 at 2:30 p. m. in the Scrivener office. —BROCK.
W. S. G. A. Office Committee—Meet April 26 at 4 o’clock in room E of the Memorial Union Building to work on Festival Day costumes. Report to Georganna Huber. —JANOUSEK.
Playshop—All girls on the costume committee and those interested please meet in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building on April 26, at 4 o’clock. —McCOOL.
Senior Women—Senior personality ratings are now ready and may be seen by making an appointment at the Women’s Personnel Service. —O’SHEA.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Corps Formation—The Corps less Batteries C-1, C-2, C-3, and C-4 will form on Intramural Field at 11 a. m. April 27. Batteries C-1, C-2, C-8, and C-4 will form on the running track northwest of the Armory at 11 a. m. (Note: Battery C-1 has been added to the motorized battalion). —KURTZ.
P. E. W. Horseback Riding M[ake-Up Class —'The following girls must report at the Purdue riding stables at 11 o’clock this morning: Mary Holtman, Marie Wetzel, Virginia Beck, Helen Landgrebe, Betty Brelsford, Barbara Cook, and Virginia Huffman. Meet at Women’s Gymnasium at 19:60 if transportation is desired. —HAZELTON.
P. E. W. Horseback Riding—The following girls report at Women’s Gymnasium, Monday, April 26, at the following bourse: 1:30—Betty Driscol, Joanne Edson, June Stewart, Blanche Kernel, Helen Wilson,
Roth Florist, Inc.
Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building
Phone 7955 — 8060
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
Ruby IJell Wilson, Sylvia Zussin. 2:30-^anet Calvin, Jane Cook, Lucille Dobson, Mary Gene Jarrett, Lyda Lyons, Elizabeth Pyke, Betty Simpson. —HAZELTON.
W. A. A. Orchesis Club—Important meeting 4 p. m. April 26. —SULIOT.
Alpha Phi Omega Pledges—Get key replicas at 267 Wood street as soon as possible. Cost 26c. —DARMER.
Rent a Car for the Evening ROGER’S GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
Closing Out Yz Price
De Foe Art Colors J. SPERB HDW.
822-24 Main
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business
DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
^SUDDEN Service
P
JOINTING
one* SteHoMfy.. Vaddlng InvHaHeM
PHONE - fclwBoolw.Ele.... 6 2 8 CASSEL*S 408lfERRi
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings
McGrath
Machine & Foundry South Third Street
C. CARTER
for
Mower Grinding
and
New Pennsylvania Lawnmowers.
Bikes and Roller Skates for Rent Phone 2291 Stale Sc Main Bta., W. It.
Turn Your Assets
Into
CASH
IF YOU HAVE: Rooms for rent Boarding accommodations Books, clothes, guns, cars—anything you want to sell
Let an Exponent Classified Ad Help You Find a Buyer.
CALL 5038
For Detailed Information Concerning Exponent Classified Ad.
Wiua