Purdue
Z-1lf
Exponent
Volume 51, No. 170
Saturday, May 4, 194i
Largest Convo Audience Packs New Music Hall
Jepson^ Martini^ Elliott, Ross, Cooper, Stewart, Emrick Take Part In Dedication
Alumni Flock To Campus In Spite Of Bad Weather With enthusiasm undampened by the week-end’s untimely dismal weather, University alumni flocked over the campus yesterday for the annual Gala Week festivities and to witness the
dedication ceremonies of the new Music Hall.
Houis before the registration ■■
headquarters were officially opened, alumni from all parts of the countiy were thionging the headquarters m the Union building. Virtually every mode of transportation was utilized in bringing the returning Boilermakers to their alma mater, including a specially chartered plane of the Uniter airlines which landed six members of the class of 1905 at the airport at 10:55 o’clock yesterday morning. Today’s Highlights Highlights of today’s activities in the Gala Week program will be the luncheon in the Union ballroom, Ppunder’s Day 71-gUn-salute, Founder’s Day banquet, and Senior Hop. Gala Week luncheon is scheduled tc start at 12:10 in the Union ballroom and will be followed by the 71-gun-salute at 2 o’clock and the simultaneous placing of a wreath on John Purdue’s grave. Whiteman For Hop Founder’s Day Banquet at 5:30 in the Union building held for guests of honor will be followed by the Senior Alumni Hop which will last Horn 9 until 12 o’clock this evening featuring the Music of Paul White•nian and his band in the Union ballioom« Tomorrow’s activities will be taken up with the Gala Week dinner at noon, the presentation of vaiious class certificates in the afternoon, and the Baccalaureate address in the new Music Hall which will start at 2:30 p.m. WBAA Broadcasts Open To Gala Week Visitors, Students Purdue’s radio station, WBAA, Mill present six special programs today as it’s pait in the Gala Week celebration. These programs will all be open to visiting alumni and students where conditions permit. The first of these will be the “Just Kids” program in the Music room of the Union from 11 to 11:15 a.m This program presents amateurs under 14 years of age. High School Talent Eleven thirty o’clock brings another regular feature, the “High School Guest” program, which lasts lor half an hour and presents talent from nearby high schools. The high school represented today is Waynetown. This program along with “Just Kids” will originate in the Music rpom and be open to the public At 12:15, in the great hall of the Union, staff members of the station will conduct a fifteen minute program of interviews of alumni v'ho have returned to the campus. Broadcast Gun Salute The program on the oval at 2 p ni., consisting of the firing of the 71-gun-salute, the placing of the wreath on John Purdue’s grave, the laising of the 1940 class flag, and the start of the traditional class parade will be covered by the special events department of the station m a program lasting half an hour In the evening, WBAA will bi’oadcast the second dedication ceremony last night. The station has leceived special consent from the Federal Communications Commission to be on the air these two evenings for this broadcast. Tomorrow the station will present a complete broadcast of the Baccalaureate Services in the Music Hall.
Whiteman, 37-Piece Orchestra Will Play For Seniors Tonight Paul Whiteman and his 37-piece orchestra will furnish the music for the annual Senior Hop tonight in both ballrooms of the Union from 9 to 12 p.m. The first one hundred seniors buying tickets to the Pounder’s Day banquet will be admitted to the dance free. Tickets are now on sale at the regular mixer price of one dollar. A few dance tickets will be on sale at the door. Whiteman, known since 1922 as “The King of Jazz,” will bring his entire group of 37 swingsters to the Hop which is open to the student body and alumni. The dance will begin immediately after the Founder’s Day banquet. Colonel . . . Robert G. Kirkwood, CE ’08, was guest of honoi at the Gala Week review of the University RO TC Coips yesterday afternoon. Colonel Kirkwood was commandant of cadets at the University prioi to the World War, from 1913 to 1917, and again from 1919 until 1921.
Elliott Will Speak At Founder's Day Banquet Tonight Piesident E. C. Elliott, representing the University, will be the principal speaker tonight at the Founder’s Day banquet in the Union ballloom at 5:30. Henry Roberts, ’12, Indianapolis, vice-president of the general Alumni Association, will act
as toastmaster.
Short speeches will also be given by Henry Hass, president of the Union club, representing the faculty; David E. Ross, ’90, president of the board of trustees, representing
Founder’s Day banquet will be held today at 5:30 p.m. E. B. Baugh, general secretary of the Alumni Association, stated yesterday that the banquet time had been advanced this year so that those attending the banquet will be able to attend the opening of the dedicatory program of the Hall of Music at 7:30. “We have planned everything in such a way that the banquet will be over at 7:15,” Baugh said.
the trustees; and Lawrence Archibald, chairman of the Gala Week committee, representing the seniors, Charles Ross Richards, B.M.E., ’90, President Emeritus of Lehigh University, and Bruce Rogers, B.S., ’90, outstanding book designer, will be presented with Distinguished Alumni awards at the banquet. Last year these awards were presented to George Ade and John T. McCutcheon. Four bundled and seventy-five tickets have already been sold for the banquet. Paul Whiteman and his orchestra will offer enteitainment during the dinner.
AIEE
Nino Martini
. . . Metropolitan tenor, star of radio, opera and movie, who sang last night on the dedicatory program of the new Hall of Music and who will sing again tonight on the repeated program with , . .
Helen Jepson
University Holds Open House For Visitors; EE's Stage Spectacular Demonstrations Last night from 7 to 10 o’clock the University opened it’s doors to scores of alumni, parents, and other campus visitors at the annual Gala Week open house. Several of the buildings were open for inspection during the afternoon. This group included the buildings on the Agricultural campus, Stanley Coulter Hall, Men’s and Women’s Residence Halls, University air-
port, and the Women’s Gym.
ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING —
Some of the most spectacular and unusual demonstrations of the evening open house weie conducted in the Electrical Engmeeiing building. An automatic dodgh-nut dunker a 1950 blacksmith forge; a new type mouse trap; hot pop-corn from a cold stove; the voice from the grave; and the acutla electiocution of a man wexe some of the exhibits that attracted the most attention A large crowd was always found aiound the Kiss-o-Meter, with its scale readings of “puiely platonic, could be, and love.” One couple managed to leach “could be” on
the fiist ti'y.
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING Amid the roar of gasoline, diesel, and steam engines, the mechanical engineers demonstrated their various classroom activities. Iiji the three-floor ME lab, white-capped mechanicals exhibited tractors, glideis, bloweis, and perpetual motion
machines.
Up in the attic the model railroad was clicking ovei the lails in realistic fashion. GOLDEN SHOPS Over in the Michael Golden shops, students wei e at work at the lathes and benches. In the foundry, molding machines and furnaces wex’e in full operation, while in the machine shop the visitors were presented wdth souvenir goblets and “Old Oaken Buckets” made on the machines. Other shop demonstrations included for^e work, gas and electric welding, heat treating, and wood woi’king.
/
CHEMICAL ENGINEERING The Chemical and Metallui’gical Engineei’ing building, opened last fall, was holding its first open house. Points of interest included the unit operations laboratory, a model rolling mill, photographic display rooms, and the U. S. Steel exhibit.
CHEMISTRY
Featuring several spectacularliquid air experiments, the chemistry building displayed glass blowing, organic, inorganic, and physical chemistry demonstrations.
MILITARY
The military department presented piodern, motorized artillery in mock battle formation. At 10 p.m. the Zouave squad gave a special
drill.
PHARMACY
Opel ating their manufacturing laboratory, model pharmacy, and prescription laboratory, the pharmacy students demonstrated the preparation of various pharmaceu-
tical materials.
. . . Metropolitan lyric soprano who returned to the campus yesterday for last night’s and tonight’s performance with Nino Martini.
. . . announces the election of the following officers for next year: chairman. Jack Wise; vice-chair-man, Ed McKee, in charge of programs, C. W. Leber, in charge of publicity, R. R. Wheeler, in charge of membership; secretary, G. F. Montgomery; treasurer, William Pitcher; senior representative, W. G. Meese; junior representative, G.
B. Robbins.
Riders To Present Gymkhana^ May 12 University equestrians will present the annual Riding Club Gymkhana exhibition on Intramural field at 2:30 tomorrow afternoon. May 12. The afternoon’s program, especially arranged for Mother’s Day, will include 12 events. All events will have first, second, third, and fourth place ribbons. The name of the annual show. Gymkhana, is of Anglo-Indian origin, and means an exhibition of games and contests on horseback.
Seniors
. . . who purchased special tickets for the Founder’s Day Banquet tonight are reminded to bring passports with them. Passports will be required in order to sign for the free ticket to the Senior Hop which accompanies the banquet ticket offer. Holders of these banquet tickets must attend the banquet in order to procure their ticket for the dance. The banquet will begin at 5:30 p.m., and be brought to a close by 7:16 p.m., in order that alumni and others may reach the Hall of Music before the dedication program starts at 7:30.
By J. H. McKee With Helen Jepson and Nino Martini furnishing a well received dual concert, 6,208 University students, faculty, and townspeople, the largest audience ever to witness a University convocation, joined President'Elliott, David Ross, Paul Cooper, P. S. Emrick, and A. P. Stewart in the dedication of the Music Hall last night. The dedicatory program was opened by the Purdue Symphonic Band under the direction of P. S. “Spots” Emrick, who years ago -visioned the present Music Hall. Reverend J. W. Findley, head of the Westminster Foundation, gave the invocation. “A Direction To Duty” President Elliott promised that the building would later become more than a campus convenience, and said that “this Music Hall, by whatever name it may later ^ be known, is not a means for diversion from duty, but a direction to duty.” Following short speeches by David E. Ross, 'president of the Board of Trustees, and Paul Cooper, president of the Student Union, the dedicatory program was closed with the singing of “Hail Purdue” by the audience, accompanied by the concert choir and the symphonic band. Singing three enchores each and a duet enchore Miss Jepson and Martini concluded their eight part concert. The two opera star's will present the same program again tonight. The pre-concert program will begin tonight at 7:30 o'clock. John M. Carmody, director of all federal works programs, will address the audience by a direct wire broadcast from Washington, D. C. Lieutenant governor Henry F. Schricker will also speak. Reverend Reese F. Thornton will give the invocation. WLW Transcribes Program Thirty minutes of last night’s dedicatory program was transcribed by radio station WLW and was replayed later in the evening. WLS originated its “Dinner Bell” program from the Music Hall stage jesterday noon. Tonight WBAA will again carry the opening program. A few remaining tickets are available. Tonight’s program promises to be another sell-out. Campus Varieties To Present Special Alumni Broadcast Presenting a special program forreturning alumni, WBAA’s regular Saturday afternoon broadcast of Campus Varieties will be presented today in the Union for those who do not attend the football game. Campus Commanders orchestra will be the featured attraction of the hour-long broadcast, along with the Melody Maids, six girls led by Jean Skinner; Alberta Schmadel; Charlie Powell; Jim McKillip; and Darlene Mahns. Other features of the program, to be broadcast from 3 to 4 p.m., will be the Carmichael Song of the Week, one of the compositions of Hoagy Carmichael, which will be played by Charlie Powell, and the Week In Review, a day-by-day summary of the important events of the past week on the University campus presented by Hank Miller, master of ceremonies of the program. The broadcast is open to the public, students, and alumni. It will be held in the south ballroom of the Union unless the size of the Pounder’s Day banquet tonight necessitates the use of the south ballroom also. In that case it will be held in the Music room of the Union.i
! ^ ;.
f A*
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, May 4, 1940
Four Organizations Compete Monday In New Music Hall All-Campus show, sponsored by the University club, will be presented on Monday, May 6, at 8 p.m. in the new Hall of Music. Doors will be opened at 7:30 p.m., and all students and staff members will be admitted free. Passports will be required. Preceding the show, the University concert orchestra, under the direction of J. M. Ragains, will present a fifteen minute concert. Included in the program will be four main acts competing for the trophies now on display at Southworth’s and four intermission acts. Featured acts will be given by Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority, Cary Club, Women’s residence halls, and Sigma Pi Epsilon fraternity. A campus pianist, Augie Castellani; an ed and co-ed tap dancing pair, five marimbas; and a special request repeat performance of the songs he sang in “Sweethearts” by Bennie Burns, will comprise the extra acts. Following the show, the trophies will be awarded.
Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church 8:00 a.m.—Theta Epsilon initiation in auditorium. 9:30 a.m.—Roger Williams class, Dean M. L. Fisher, teacher. 10:35 a.m.—Sermon, “Man, the Builder, Lover, Fighter, and Religious Personality.” 5:30 p.m.—Roger Williams club fellowship hour and ten cent lunch. The Wesley Foundation group will meet with them. 6:30 p.m.—Discussion group. Prof. Eric Greenfield will give a travelogue on Bermuda.
All-University Sing Personnel Workers Entries Due Today Conference
For May 17 Program
JonuMDiv diiJJuLChwuJmL, Presbyterian and Congregational Students 9:30 a.m.—College discussion class. Central Presbyterian Church —Dr. Graves leading discussion. 10:40 a.m.—Worship and preaching serivce. Central Presbyterian Church—Dr. Graham preaching. 5:00 p.m.—Purdue Presbyterian Church Congregational meeting at Westminster House. 6:00 p.m.—Sunday Evening club; supper at 6:00. 7:00 p.m.—Mr. L. W. Josselyn will speak on “Negroes and Negro Poetry.”
Approximately thirty-five oi’ganizations have entered the all-Uni-versity singing contest to be held May 11, in honor of Mother’s Day. All groups which have not yet registered must do so today, in order to be eligible, according to statements issued by Ruth Bennett and Paul Hamman, Union vice-presi-dents in charge. Allowed five minutes of singing time in the semi-finals, each group will be judged by a board composed of William I. Pelz and Miss Edna Bowles. Author Kirby Page Will Speak Monday Kirby Page, author and social evangelist, will speak on “Keep Amei’ica Out of War” on Monday, May 6, at 4 p.m. in the west faculty lounge of the Union. The talk is sponsored by the Purdue Religious Council. Page is author of nineteen volumes and sixteen pamphlets on international, economic, social, and religious questions. His works have been translated into ten languages and published in England and India as well as in the United States. He has spoken at over 300 colleges and universities and in several hundred churches in the United States. Page has visited thirty-five countries and once spent eleven months on a tour around the world. At the present time, he and his wife are making a tour of the United States by automobile, speaking at some 60 regional conferences.
ing Philosophy of Life” is the topic upon which Doyle Mullen will teach. 10:40 a.m.—Morning Church Service. Doyle Mullen will preach on the topic, “The Bible in Modern Life.” 6:00 p.m.—Forum. This' includes Vespers, Recreation and Discussion. Wilfred Mast will lead the discussion on “How to get along with the people around you.”
“The trend of home management has followed the changed function of the home in the social group from home productivity to the use of resources in the home—time, energy, and money—^for human development,” declared Prof. Paulena Nickell at the last meeting of the conference on management held yesterday. Prof. Nickell, head of the home management department at Iowa State College, brought the conference to a cloSe yesterday
morning.
In addition to the home management round table, Wallace Clark, internationally known consulting engineer of New York City, led a session on the techniques of executive control. Simultaneously, Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, management pro-
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE — Typewritera. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Snpplies. C. F. Ebershefl. 606 Main street.
For Sale or Trade: 1931 Packard Club Sedan. 41217. Model A trade preferred.
FOR RENT Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 71644.
Apartment for Rent: Modern, furnished, or unfurnished half of double house. Gas heat. $50.00. Available June 1. Phone 66273.
LOST AND FOUND Lost: Theta Chi Fraternity Pin. Call 6066. Reward. Will person who took green reversible bv mistake in Music Hall Wednesday call 75141.
Lost: Physics 21-22 Text sometime Wednesday afternoon, April 24, between Physics Building and Cary Hall. Contact 118 Cary Hall Norik.
Will person who “borrowed” green silk raincoat in chemistry annex phone 35921. Reward. Lost: Black leather notebook in second floor Women’s Union lounge. Important class notes. Please call Helen Frosch, 76942.
Methodist Students 9:30 a.m.—Co-ed Sunday school class at the Foundation. Talks by alumni on “Church Work After College.” 9:30 a.m.—Men’s student class at the church. Alumni invited. 10:40 a.m.—Church worship-^“The Rebirth of Religion” by Rev. Steele. 5:30 p.m.^—Joint supper with the Roger Williams Club at the Baptist Church. 6:30 p.m.—Epworth League. “The Life of Jesus” in pictures—stereoptican slides of great religious art.
The Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Program at Lafayette Christian Church 9:30 a.m.—Student Class. “A Liv-
STARTS SUNDAY
MERLE
Her arms held captive a mon the law could not holdl
BINNIE BARNES • FRANK McHUGH
Last Times Today
LlUm
—SUNDAY - MONDAY-
lc*« that Funderful Cast of “Brother Rats” and.,. (P EDDlEAlBERT'ROSEMARYlANE-WAyNE MORRIS JUNE WYHUH . ROHWn REARM • RUTH TERRY IT'S A FIRST RUN HIT
PLUS—2ND FEATURE liAfYuttl TAM THIS WOMANf^ LAST DAY—2 FEATURES BORIS KARLOFF in The Man with Nine Lives — ALSO — CHARLES STARRETT in "Bullets For Rustlers"
Clothes Fairly Sparkle With Cleanliness When Cleaned by Crown ALL WOOL GARMENTS MOTH-PROOFED By the Monite Process No Extra Charge For This Service
Crown Laundry r~l a E CLEANERS Q F F I N f C t O T^J S
fessor at the University, presided at a round table on time and motion study. Over two hundred leaders and workers in the personnel field attended the conference, which has been conducted during the past week on the campus.
girls entering the national telegraphic archery tournaiftent. —CASE.
POMM: All new members get your fourrageres from the supply before federal inspection on May 9. —HOTLER.
Notices
Fencing Tourney: All first round matches must be fenced off Monday, May 6. Brewster, Freyman, McKee, Stonevic, Thixtun, Paine, Rice, Plummer, Ekeberg, Baciu Hoskins, Jackson, and Kaufman must be there. Matches not fought Monday will be forfeited unless notice is given to me before Monday. Call 71334. —PITCHER.
Freshmen Engineers: Meetings with heads of schools and curricula announced for Saturday, May 4, will be postponed until Saturday, May 18. There will be no Engineering Lecture Meetings on May 4 or May 11. ' —KNAPP.
Playshop: Hours are posted on bulletin board in Fowler Hall. Please check immediately. You may order your key any time before May 6. —BEISEL,
Radio Club: Important meeting Tuesday, May 7, 7:30 p. m. room 254 EE Building. Election of officers. All members please be present. —PITCHER.
All seniors who have jobs in Detroit are requested to meet in room 828 Saturday morning. May 4 at 10:30. —ETH BAUGH.
PEW Telegraphic Bowling Team: All coeds interested in bowling in the national telegraphic meet, either experienced or inexperienced bowlers, please get in touch with Ruth Walker immediately. The meet will be Wednesday, May 8, at 7 :30. —CASE.
Religious Council: Due to a conflict with the coo-op banquet, the picnic planned for May 8th will be changed to May 7th. There will be a IBc charge for food. —MANGUS. .
Pnrdue Motorcycle Club: We are going to the races at Jungle Park on Sunday, May B. We will leave Budge’s, between 9th and 10th on Main at 12 noon. Distance 60 miles. —EDES.
ASME: Members who have yet to receive their membership cards and pins, please call for them at Prof. Cope’s office, ME 112, Tuesday, Thursday, or Saturday, preferably between 9 and 10 a. m. —KING.
Wesley Foundation: There will be a Tin Can Hike Saturday afternoon at 4 o’clock. Boys bring dates to do your cooking. Sign up at the Foundation now; 16 cents per person. All who furnish cars get food free. We will be back in town at 7 p. m. -WAGNER.
PIA Board: Short, important meeting of new PIA Board, Monday, May 6, at 7:15 p. m , in PIA office. —MUSSER.
Archery Fans: Mrs. Layer, national women’s champion in archery and holder of highest scores for women, will be at Women’s Gym Monday afternoon to help anyone interested in shooting. This is important for
Freshmen Union Workers: Boys are needed for TVaveling Library distribution this morning, Saturday, May 4, at 10 p. m., in Union office. —HAMMAN.
Service in carpentry and cabinet work. Saw filing, 'TENNIS RACKETS and squash rackets RESTRUNG and repaired. Racket handles spliced. George H. Craig. Phone 65832. 224 Waldron St.
POMM: Members who are firing salutes report at “Oval” at 1 p. m., Saturday May 4. Please be prompt —McCAMMON.
Am
MATCHED FOR
arrioiin.
Keep Your Lips and Fingertips in Tune! Charles of the Ritz PINK GERANIUM LIPSTICK
Peggy Sage HOT PINK NAIL POLISH
Match your lips and fingertips in this soft pink-red of sun-ripened watermelon . . , to blend with Spring Watermelon fabrics . . . to vitalize new browns and grays. It’s a color to make your comjilexion look "alive” and fashion-foremost as it’s never looked before.
Charles of the Ritz. . . . Peggy Sage Nail Polish...
$1.00 .60
The Amazing Story of a College Hero / Turned Mobster . . f
MARS Starts TODAY
Jackson Co. Purdue Students Clab: Meeting in room 328 of Union at 7 :30 "ruesday. May 7. —FOSBRINK. Modern Dance: Rehearsals Saturday, May 4, at 1 p. m. and Sunday, May 6, at 9 p. mBring complete costumes. —KNIGHT.
Science Seniors: Attendance at baccalaureate Sunday, May B, is required for graduation. Assembly of science group must be completed on ground floor of Music Hall by 1:40 p. m., Sunday. Science school procession moves out first. Each senior has aefinite place in line, and is urged to acquaint himself with procession details by calling at the Dean’s office in Coulter Hall before Saturday noon. May 4. —ENDERS.
Seniors: Those who ordered commencement invitations and announceemnts may obtain them at the bookstore (or Union) where the order was left sometime after May 16, the exact date to be announced in the Exponent later. Tickets for commencement exercises will be distributed from the Alumni office sometime during the same week, this "date also to be announced later—ARCHIBALD.
PIA Chorus: Rigid rehearsal for the Sing is as follows: Sunday, May 6, at 8 p. m., for 46 minutes; Monday, May 6, Tuesday, May 7, Wednesday, May 8, and ITiursday, May 9, 4 :16 to 6:15 p. m.; Friday, May 10, 4 :30 to 6:80_p. m., and 780 to 9 p. m., that same evening. All music is here and we must all work on this religiously. —ABOHIBALD.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held ’Tuesday, May 7, 7 :30 P. m., in room 303 of Union. —KNIPP.
Debris Staff: Picnic 'Tuesday, May 7, for all workers. Meet in editorial workshop at 4 p. m. Those having cars please bring them. Payments by freshmen and sophomores required at this time. —OGDEN.
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
-—with— CHARLES BICKFORD LLOYD NOLAN — AND
—SUNDAY - MON DA Y-U-BOAT 29 ESCAPE TO PARADISE FIVE TIMES FIVE
hlAlll
STARTS MIDNITE SHOW TONITE 11:30 tr
THOMAS fClSSlh LOI-TL'S
— TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE BELA LUGOSI — IN — THE HUMAN MONSTER — PLUS — Pride of the Bluegrasst
I
.J ? •*** '*./ 1 kjf «J4 t» l.^tfyia’iifufi
► K--«« J rfi^}^ ^ i Wfv»«- |Sp»«!n{%f V
Saturday, May 4, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
>%
'S^icidA. wsLhiL GROWING ' Your Union has taken great strides since you left Purdue, and now stands as the most complete student union in the country. ISew Additions Include: • Coffee Shop Excellent food, efficient service, and pleasant surroundings characterize this newest of the Union’s newest place to lunch or dine. Come in and learn how delicious steak and french fries can be.
.* *
Ballroom
Dance in the beautiful new north ballroom. This addition makes the Purdue Union ballroom one of the most attractive in the country. Swing out to the sweet swing of Paul Whitman and his orchestra.
Lounge
Spacious, comfortable lounges occupy a major portion of the new addition. Here the students find a quiet homelike atmosphere conducive to rest and relaxation.
These Old Favorites Remain • Grille • Enlarged Cafeteria • Enlarged Bowling Alleys • Enlarged Sweet Shop • Music Room JhL fijUJldwL TyUunmiaL 'liniotL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
iiiinoisLinksSquad Rjveters Fate Ohio State Tops Boilermakers , ■
In Double-Header Today
The University of Illinois golf team had a comparatively easy time defeating Purdue, 23-4, in a Big Ten dual meet here today. The visitors made a clean sweep of the three morning foursomes and won four out of the six afternoon singles matches while tying a fifth. Sum-
mary:
Foursomes—Richart and Patton, Illinois, defeated Hoffer and Dahl, Purdue, 3-0; Modieska and Usinger, Illinois, defeated McKenzie and Skinner, Purdue, 3-0; Holmston and Welch, Illinois, defeated Curran and Weldy, Purdue, 3-0. Singles—Patton, Illinois, defeated HoflFer, Purdue, 3-0; Dahl, Purdue, defeated Richart, Illinois, 2-1; Curran, Purdue, tied Holmston, Illinois, 114-1%; Welch, Illinois, defeated McDaniels, Purdue, 3-0; Modieska, Illinois, defeated McKenzie, Purdue, 3-0; Usinger, Illinois, defeated Skinner, Purdue, 2%-%.
IM Schedules
BASEBALL Monday, May 6
id
Lambda Chi | Alpha vs Delta Chi. Pi Kappa Alpha vs Theta Tau Sigma Alpha Mu vs Sigma Phi Ep-
silon.
Theta Chi vs Alpha Gamma Rho. Beta Theta Pi vs Alpha Sigma Phi Delta Tau Delta vs Sigma Pi. Triangle vs Tau Kappa Epsilon. Kappa Sigma vs Delta Upsilon. Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Theta Xi. Phi Kappa vs Beta Sigma Psi.
Track Squad Battles Chicago Today In Ross-Ade Stadium Playing a major part in a highly portentous and ambitious Gala Week-end program, the Hermon Phillips coached Boilermaker track squad will play host to the Maroons from Chicago’s
Midway this morning at 10:30.
It is expected that the Riveter cinder pounders will encounter little opposition in tabulating their third dual meet victory of this campaign, though such standout Chicago performers as Davidson, Zimmer, Ray, Plumely, and Wilner should make it
an interesting morning for the home lads.
Pole Vault
Davidson and Zimmer are the logical successors to the amazing Art Cassels in the pole vaulting event. The latter was always a thorn in the i-espective sides of Big Ten track combines, and last year soared over the bar at the phenomenal height of 14 feet, 2 inches. In so doing, he captured first place in the Conference meet. The trio of Wilney, Ray, and Plumely are entered in diversified events, namely the hurdles, high jump, and broad jump. I As usual, the Gold and Black will be led into the fray by the sterling competitors Captain Red Shackleton, Ed Holderman of distance fame, jack-of-all-trades and AllAmerican end Davey Rankin, a rejuvenated broad-jumper in Ted-Ty-cocki, and long, lean Forest Weber m the shot put. Rankin intends to try something almost unprecedented in that he is entered in no less than five indiivdual events, shot put, discus, 100 yard dash, 120 yard high hurdles, and 220 yard low hurdles. Thrilling Mile In all probability, a thrilling duel may develop between Powell, and Abi’ahamson of the Maroons and Ed Holderman in the mile run. At the conclusion of last season, Ed was in the number seven bracket among the milers of the nation; therefore it should be interesting to note his ranking at the termination of this, his junior year, for he has accomplished many more noteworthy feats on the cinder paths. Among them a 4:13.2 mile at the indoor meet sponsored by the AAU in Ann Arbor, Michigan. The locals have worked faithfully since their triumphant return from the Drake Relays, in which Weber and the relay combination of Fisher, Simmons, Anthony, and Shackleton were the pointgetters for coach Phillips’ boys. However, despite hard work and training, the thinclads must have warm weather to lound out into their top form. Public Address As an interesting and helpful* sidelight, a loud speaker system will be provided for the benefit of the week-end visitors, in order to enable them to follow the progress and conclusions of all events as soon as they are completed. Riveter Net Squad Beaten; N U Today With but one exception the Spartans of Michigan State completely outplayed the Riveter racket-wield-ers by 8-1 yesterday in the Fieldhouse. Only Boilermaker able to conquer his foe was Ray Lucht.
With another wave of Indiana’s troublesome weather problems putting at least a temporary stop to the Boilermaker’s Big Ten baseball endeavors, the local diamondmen spent most of yesterday afternoon hoping that they could quit shivering in time to indulge in a little diamond warfare with the invading Ohio
State Buckeyes.
Because of yesterday’s cancellation, the two teams will forget about the scheduled morning fracas and indulge in an afternoon double header. The first game of the twin bill will start at 1:30 p.m. , Going Up?
The Boilermakers will wander out onto the ^ field this afternoon with a chance to^ plimb above the Scarlet and Gray diamond forces who are currently resting a notch or two above the Riveters in the
conference standings.
Coach Fehring’s lads have managed to garner one victory and a pair of losses in between rain, snow, and cold weather, while the Buckeyes have things pretty weU evened out with one loss and an equal taste
of victory.
Buckeyes, Too Bieaking even with the Illini in their only two conference starts thus far this season, the Ohio team has also had its share of bad weather. Two games with both Indiana and Minnesota were washed away, while in the Illinois doubleheader, the Bucks managed to grab a 4-1 win in the initial encounter, but were knocked all over the field in the second tilt, to the tune of 16-7. Chicago has provided the only Boilermaker win so far this year when they succombed to Bob Bailey’s pitching by a score of 4-2. However, they evened things up with a 2-1 victory the next day, and that together with a 2-0 defeat suffered at the hands of Iowa’s Hawkeyes has accounted for the two Gold and Black Big Ten losses. Bailey Twirls Bob Bailey, the Boilermaker’s twirler, will take the mound in the first game, and in all probability Gerald Higgins will handle the pitching assignment in the second encounter. Bob, who was well up in the conference standings last year as a sophomore, has a record of one and one so far this year. He dropper a toughie to Iowa 2-0 and then proceeded to stand the Maroon batsmen on their heads by a score of
4-2.
Grid Forces Climax Spring Session With inter-Squad Tussie Climaxing the Gala Week athletic program, the Boilermaker grid squad will wind up the spring drill session with a regulation intrasquad game that will pit the “Golds” against the “Blacks” today at three. This annual grid fracas will provide a preview of this fall’s Riveters, who will tackle a strenuous schedule. Due to the loss of 26 major lettermen from last year’s squad, the line-ups will be dotted wth new faces, particularly the Gold aggregation, which is composed mainly of (Freshmen. Listed among the newcomers who will undoubtedly see considerable action are two familiar names. Carter and Brock, bringing back memories of the “Touchdown Twins” and “Thiee Bees.” Marion “Red” Car’ter, brother of slippery Jim, is slated to start at halfback; while Bryan “Junior” Brock, brother of Lou, will see plenty of action at halfback for the Blacks. Among the veterans of last year’s successful season who will present their wares to the alumni, coaches, students, and football fans are A. Rossi, Miller, Winchell, I. Rossi, Brown and Axton in the line of the Blacks, while Galvin, Byelene, Petty, Schumaker, and Kersey in the backfield. Ross-Ade Stadium 3pm Saturday, May 4 PROBAB1.E LINEUPS
Boilermaker Lettermen Honored With Awards At Annual "P" Men's Banquet Presentation of gold basketballs to major letter winners on Purdue’s Big Ten championship basketball squad and “P” blankets to 57 senior lettermen in all spbrts who will end their collegiate careers at commencement time in June, provided the main features here last night at the annual banquet of the International “P” Men’s Club, which found alumni lettermen fi'om all parts of the country joining with the present crop of Boilermaker
athletes. ’*
Herbert S. “Irish” O’Brien, of Grand Rapids, Mich., captain and fullback of the 1914 Boilermaker eleven, who is back on the campus for his twenty-fifth class reunion was the principal speaker, and Dick Stapleton, of Akron, N. Y., president of the Student Athletic Association, acted as toastmaster. Coach Ward Lambert made the pi esentation of the gold basketballs to the championship combination composed of Capt. Fred Beretta, Bedford; Don Blanken, Dundee, 111.; James Bosse, Evansville; Burton Brinkerhoff, Portland; Charles Caress, Bedford; John Chapman, Columbia City; Dan Fisher, Anderson; Gene Herschelman, Evansville; Bob Igney, Frankfort; Forrest Sprowl, Oblong, 111.; Norman Swarts, McCordsville; John Tierney, Chicago, 111.; John Vernon, Rochester, and Elwood Yeager, Connersyille.'"^’ In addition, the distinctive awards were presented to Coach Lambert, assistant coaches Mel Taube and Dutch Fehring; Don Malcolm, Indianapolis, student manager; C. S. Doan, ticket manager; Lou Mann, trainer; Earl Cripe, assistant trainer; Dr. S. J. Miller, team physician, and F. L. Willis, team physician. One of the added features of the “P” Men’s banquet was the awarding of an honorary “P” to President
E. C. Elliott.
Ted Axton, Ag. ’41, varsity center on the football squad and gridiron letterman, was named president of the “P” Men’s club for the school year of 1940-41.
This afternoon the tennis squad will meet the Northwestern Wildcats,' conquerors of the Chicago Maioons who have been undefeated in three years of conferepce competition. The matches will be played outdoors at 1:00 p.m., weather permitting. If the weather is unfavorable the matches will be post-
poned.
BLACKS Rubh (48) A. Rossi (77) Miller (47) LeuBO (16) Winchell (60) 1 Rossi (32) Combs (35) Kersey (92) Galvin (411 Byelene (25) Petty (82)
POSITION
L.E. L.T L.G
C.
R.G Tt.T. R.E. QB. LH. Rja. F3.
GOLDS
King (43)
O’Bryan (78) HUlenbraud (49) Ruggieri (16) Ehrlich (70) Frybacfc (56) McCaffry (4l) Snyder (17) Carter (99)
Berto (66)
Buffington (55)
OFFJCIALS—Referee, Layden.* Norte Dame: umpire, Ritter. Detroit: head linenman, Yarnelle, Wabash: field judge, Elliott, Fort Wayne.T
o
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, May 4, n|948
Jalk Ole Grads, We Say "Hi!" Gala Week again. Today and tomorrow some 60-odd years of alumni will return to tak<j another look at their alma mater. Relatives and friends of graduating seniors will come to see the nearly finished product of four years of education, costing thousands of dollars, as sons and daughters hear what for most of them is their last baccalaureate address. We could say “Welcome Back Alumni,” but everyone says that. Then too, some of you aren’t alumni. Instead we say “Hi.” That little word covers a multitude of sins. We don’t know your name. We more than likely have never seen your face before, so we can hardly welcome you back. But we are glad to see you, so we say, “Hi’.” Park your car, check your hat in that new Union of ours and make yourself at home. We have a few more buildings now, a few more students, but it’s the same place you once knew. We still walk around Heavilon tower instead of through it. The seniors still reserve the right to wear yellow cords. You’ll find John Purdue resting in his accustomed place and the slide rule still ruling the class room. The men you knew are gone perhaps, new buildings here, but the spirit is the same. We say “Hi, step up and take a look around, you’re one of us.” It’s a long shot from the old English building, the pump, Purdue Hall and its ancient order of dormitory devils to the Memorial Union and the Fieldhouse. Even a year ago we didn’t have the*Chemical Engineering building; the Memorial Union was half its present size. Last night at 7:30 the largest Hall of Music in the world was officially added to the list of Purdue accomplishments. It was two years ago that the ground was broken for this structure that dwarfs the entire campus. So take a good look around, remember the good old days, and be proud of the old alma mater. After all she’s YOURS and ours. And when we see you on the campus, we say “Hi.” —D. K. H.
Kappa Psi Initiates Eleven; Announces New Officers Formal initiation for Kappa Psi, honorary pharmaceutical fraternity, was held Tuesday evening. The following pledges were accepted as active members: T. D. Carpenter, R. J. Haas, L. R. Sainte, P. M. Scott, P. W. Sivits, F. J. Suto, H. R. Siebenthal, H. N. Schafer, F. D. Smucker, J. D. Money, and L. W. Yoder.
Wellesley President To Address Seniors Baccalauieate exercises will be conducted tomoirow afternoon staiting at 2:30 o’clock in the new Hall of Music for graduating seniors and their parents with President Mildred McAfee, of Wellesley College, as the speaker. President McAfee will break a precedent on the University campus, since she is the first woman to give the baccalaureate address. Mildred McAfee has been president of Wellesley College* since 1936; before that she was dean of women at Oberlin College in Ohio. A graduate of Vassar College, she vas president of her class and a member of Phi Beta Kappa. After graduation she took an active interest in educational work, teaching in several private girl’s schools. President McAfee is a member of many educational groups, including the American Council on Education and the Foreign Policy Association.
Pistol Squad Ends Successful Season
University pistol team ended a successful season Thursday night at the anual Pistol banquet in the Union. The varsity team won 19 out of 21 matches, the freshman team won nine and lost two. Highest team scores for the season were Kettenring, Day, Becker, Gebhardt, and Little, totaling 1406 for the team. This year the Military Department award for the most valuable member of the team was presented to J. A. Powell, ’41 science, at the banquet. The new ocers for the 1941 season are: J. A. Powell, captain, and D. R. Faut, manager. Members of the squad are; R. C. Becker, E. Little, W. E. Madder, J. D. Brummett, K. N. Kettenring, T. J. Suneson, N. W. Raber, J. A. Powell, W. G. Yoder, D. R. Faut, J. F. Dodds, A. J. Rulli, R. W. Gebhardt, J. 0. Bray, W. A. Knapp, J. W. Elliott, J. L. Onila, M. R. Day, H. F. Grabner, A. L. Hilpert, and L. V. Teeter.
Playshop To Present 'Fresh Fields/May 8-11 Playshop’s production of Ivor NoVello’s modern English comedy, “Fresh Fields,” is in the final stage of production with dress rehearsals scheduled to start tomorrow. Complete list of characters includes Mary Johnston as Lady Mary, Sue Enders as Lady Lillian, Bernice Beisel ^s Mrs. Pigeon, Sis Taylor as Mrs. Pigeon’s daughter, Una, Don Salmond as Tom Larcombe, Carl Thompson as Tim Crabbe, Josephine Stong as Miss Swaine, Eugene Bacon as Ludlow, the butler, Pat Frigge as Lady Stawholme. The play is directed by Jack Miller and staged by William Beam, both of the speech department. The play will be presented Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday, from May 8 through May 11.
Dorothy Lamour reveals her true allure as “Lucky” Dubarry, sultry beauty and night club songstress, in “Johnny Apollo,” which co-stars her with Tyrone Power at the Mars Theatre on Saturday. Dorothy sings two special numbers.
LEARN TO DANCE A PRIVATE LESSON WILL BE GIVEN FREE OF CHARGE MON. MAY 6, 7:00 P. M. TO THOSE WISHING TO ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S mad Fcnry
in the McLEAN MUSIC CO. 514 Main Street
CELEBRATE MTIOML MUSIC WEEK May Sth-l 1 th v with VICTOR R[C0RD$
Gloomy Sunday Don't Fall Asleep Artie Shaw .... $.75 Georgia on my Mind In the Still of the Night Hot Club of France . $.75 I Can't Love You Any More Where Do We Go from Here? Hal Kemp $.75 Singin' the Blues
Dinah
Lionel Hampton . . $.75 Fable of the Rose This IS the Beginning of the End Tommy Dorsey $.75 The Blue Danube Parts 1 & 2 Eugene Ormandy . $2.00 Nutcracker Suite (Waltz of
the Flowers)
Leopold Stowkowski
. $2.00
Ave Maria (Schubert) My Abode Marian Anderson
$.200
Oh Promise Me The Rosary Nelson Eddy
$1.00
Bell Song (Lakme) Parts 1 & 2 Lily Pons
. $1.50
TUiwa All-campus scavenger hunt sponsored by the WAA will take place on Wednesday, May 8, at 7:30 p.m. m the women’s gym. Prizes will be given for the team which wins the most points in the hurit. Both eds and co-eds are invited, and there will be no charge for those attending. There will be dancing after the scavenger hunt. Jean Steigerwald is in charge of the arrangements. Mrs. Layer, ^ national women’s archery champion and holder of the highest scores for women will be at the women’s gym Monday afternoon. All girls interested in shooting are invited to hear Mrs. Layer’s suggestions and criticisms, and to watch the archery demonstrations. Co-eds planning to enter the national telegraphic archery tournament will be especially interested in Mrs. Layer’s instruction. Announcement has been made of the PEW telegraphic bowling meet to^ be held Wednesday, May 8, at '7:30. Both experienced and inexperienced bowlers who wish to enter the meet should contact Ruth Walker immediately.
Purdue Exponent R. £L Iiuiler -BUUtor-in-Chiaf W. B. Smith BtisincM Manager D. G. Tanio JSdttorUl Direetor G. W. Frederick Managing Editor E. M. Antonini . Senior AdvortMtag Manager G. Schilling ^Co-«d Editor R. Jenldna _8g«rta Editor Phones: BditoriaL 400e; Boaineaa. 6088: Sporto. 2798 Published dailg except Monday daring the academia yedr. Entered as aeeond class matter at the post office in Lafayette. Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8,1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, Act tti October 8, 1917, authorised Jannary 20, 1922. nSPRBSBNTBO poa NATIONAL ADVCRTISlNO BY National AdveitisingSenrice, Inc. Colhgt Publtshtrs Rgftrestntalivt 420 Madison Ave New York, N. Y. CNICASO • BOSTOS - LOI ANSILU - SAS PlIANCtICe
All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director. Delivered by carrier, $8 per academic year; by mail, $8.60. Buslnesa office looat^ at 812 N. Fifth Street; editorial offtoe. Union Bnilding; sports ofBoe, Field BEmne. This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Pniv due University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise aooredlted, are student opinions, and do not necessarily eoineide vHth the official University viewpoint.
Night Editor, Purceli Ass’t Night Editor, Amos Day Hditsr, Rose Saturday, May 4.
Welcome to PURDUE It is even too wet for “Donald Duck” here. He wears a rain coat and carries an uinberella. You certainly can go one step farther than our feathered friend Don, and realize real comfort by riding in a Yellow Cab
5023 Yellow Cab
3071
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEACr Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RMK DR. LUTHER A. RI«K DR. HAROLD j. RISK 4th a Main Phena 57*1
• jewelers
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENiAGH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST 522 Main St. Phona 47*1 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
Hays jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Pricea
• Tailor
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
SFARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWkER 4th and Ferry Sts.
• Dairy Products
• Hardware
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices / 822 Mam Phone 2777
• Florists
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowen Main at 7th Phorw 6050
• Dine * COME OVERI EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
Accounts For Sale The following accounts are offered by the undersigned as Agents, for sale. The right is reserved to reject in full or in part any offer. Geoi'ge Stinson, 111 E. Col. St. Lafayette, Ind. Acet. $7.00 C. B Ward, 1208 S. 22nd St., Lafayette, Ind. Acet. $4.00 Geo. Brinson, 52 Smith St., Lafayette, Ind. Acet. $9.00 Hughes Hays, 1302 N. 12th St., Lafayette, Ind. Acet. $16.30 Fred Charles, 117 E. Oak St., W. Lafayette, Ind. . Acet. .. $6.00 James Madlung, Monon, Ind Acet. $7.00 Raymond Pattee, Buck Creek, Ind. '.. Acet. ..$12.00 The above listed accounts are guaranteed by the owners to he CORRECT AND UNDISPUTED, and will be advertised for sale until sold. All bids for the purchase of the above accounts will be received at the office of the undersigned.
POWER’S SERVICE
202 S. State St.
Chicago, 111.