v f
■Ik-.'■'
^Ohib Stale 63, Iowa 49 Wisconsin 62, Indiana 43 k Northwestern 42, III. 29
fiip’
•/
EDITORIAL LISTS Deferment iS'afus For Men Students
Sstablishedl88l
’Snow Use
Volume 56, No. 114
Purdue University, West Lafayette,. Indiana
Saturday, February 12,
Murphy, Cantley, Dant Lead Valentine Contest
toeds Will Take Part h in Victory Varieties Addition of a finale, a leap year parade or calendar cavalcade, td the Victory Varieties which will begin today at 3:30 and m. in the Hall of Music was announced yesterday. Director
Win From
Little Giants,48-28 Chalk Up Tenth Win In Sixteen Starts; Iowa's Loss To Ohio State Gives Riveters Conference Lead Again By Paul Garber, Associate Sports Editor After an absence of nearly two \^eeks, a victorious basketball team returned to their hbme floor last night and before a small crowd of approximately 3,000, soundly trounced a Wabash team by the score of 48-28, It was the Boilermakers’ tenth win as against six losses in the current basketball campaign for the Western Conference
War Council Plans Drives For WSSF, Red Cross Funds Plans for the Student War Council to sponsor campus drives for the World Student Service Fund and the Red Cross were discussed at a
title.
The game was completely dominated by the fight of the Riveters, paced by lanky Steve Frazier, who effectively controlled the rebounds both off the Boilermakers’ backboai’d and that of the Little Giants. Except for a lapse of three minutes soon after the start of the game, Coach Lambert’s men led all the way. The
Bill Robinson, one of the top dancers in the country, will lie featured
in tonight’s Victory Varieties.
game, soon after the start, turned meeting of the group held Thursday
into a rout as the Riveters turned night in the Union,
on the tactics that give them their The Red Cross drive, which will present standing in the conference, begin March 1, was placed in charge It was the typical Lambert style of of Marion Swanstrom while Ellis play, break, run, and shoot, with Murphy will direct the Student
emphasis on the shooting. Service Fund effort.
Duffy Friend, usually a defensive The advisability of establishing man, opened up and was high scorer more liberal arts courses such as for the Boilermakers with 10 points, philosophy and ethics at the UniCharley Haag was second with 8 versity was also discussed although points. Wabash’s Johnson, with 12 it was pointed out that such courses points, was high scorer for the eve- probably could not be arranged for
ning. the duration.
Frazier Opens Scoring The problem of outside groups The game started on a fast note, using rooms in the Union when camwith Frazier quickly running the Pus organizations could not obtain score up to 4-0 after two minutes of rooms for meetings or dances was
of production for the finale, which will feature fifty-three Uni- P^uy, on a tip-m and a rebound, brought up by SibiCerreto, who was versity coeds, is William J. Harris of Chicago. Costumes and piTh^htts'^ar the MiUes of linSyLg the situJtTn.'
settings for the parade, which will consist of events and h(!)lidays of the year have been
designed by Balaban and Katz. Headlining the cast of stars for the show wjll be Bill “Bojangles” Robinson. Buddy Ftanklin and his orchestra, featuring three girl violinists, the Sweethearts of the
Strings, is the band for the^ Peg Steffes and Bill'fyson program. When asked to cover Playshop’s latOther artists appearing on est production we debated as to doth the matinee and evening whether the basketball game or the , 1 T 1 play would offer the most entertamshows are the Selendias, who n,ent and as it turned out we picked Hoffman will present topical satires of better bet. The basketball team Sokol, f the dance ; the Malone Sisters ; won, in a rather uninteresting game Charcholla, the Carltons, an acrobatic act, and we had a pretty good time,
and Frances Wills, acrobatic
control dancer.
Playshop Produces Barry's Enjoyable 'Philadelphia Story'
Sigma Phi Epsilon
Giants went to work. Fine under-the-basket work by Chapin and Johnson, matched by the three “H’s”
of the Riveters quickly ran the . . . social fraternity, announces score up to 27-14, Boilermaker’s the initiation of the following men: , favor, as the half-time gun sounded. Bob Baker, Phil Collier, Gene Crit-
War Bond Sales Reach $14,000 As Last Minute Ballots Pour In Bettianne Murphy, Betty Cantley, and Doris Dant finished as top three in the Queen of Hearts contest as voting ended at 5 p, m. yesterday. Those girls will appear in formals at the Valentine Dance tonight, and one from the three, whose name the Student Union refuses to disclose, will be crowned with a circlet of flowers by A1 Stewart at 11 p. m. The other • two girls, who will act as attendants to the queen, will be presented with corsages. The Queen will also be given a heart necklace. Debris photographers will be on hand to take ; pictures of the queen and her
attendants for the yearbook. Lowell Mead’s orchestra will play for the dance in a Valentine’s day atmosphere created a pleated pink, blue, and life Valentine backdrop featuring -a’ cut-out square in the center of which are two spangled hearts, linked by an arrow. The ball rooms will be divided by the curtain, as usual. Th north ball room will be reserved for couples, and the south ball room will be free hunting ground for stags. The dance is informal, and admission will be by passport or social recreation cards. Fraternities Purchase Bonds Greenbacks of large denomination flowed over the counter of the red-and-white booth in front of the Sweetshop as the contest neared its last moments. Fraternities purchased bonds for their houses. Student Union workers turned in sheaves of green slips indicating bond pledges, and individuals purchased sheets of stamps in order to get in last moment votes for their choice as queen. Service men issuing from the S. S. added their comments about the star-dust splashed photographs in the glass case to the uproar. Last day sales of stamps soared to $503, making a total of $900. Sales of bonds likewise took a sudden spurt under impetus of the deadline, reaching a top mark of $14,000, as compared td a coed quota of $5,000 set as a campus
, „ ,, goal. Apparently the campus outdid
New telephone numbers for all f, , f i. , • .•
the state as a whole in reaching its
, Be My Boilermaker
University To Publish New Staff Phone Directory Next Week TT ] Z I Phone Numbers
Playshop To Act For Service Men
campus phones- will be published • ,
Playshop will present a special this week in the new staff directory, j.,
performance of the “Philadelphia toe number becoming effective SatStory” for service men and their urday, February 19, at 1 p. m. This dates at 2:30 p. m. Sunday. Service week phones in the Residence Halls
To Change Feb. 19
The second half saw the first team tenden. Jack Easley, Arthur Fair- men will be admitted free, and may will be changed, taking the floor but after five min- man. Brown Harrison, Martin bring their dates along for a charge the interim between the removutes of play, during which time the Hecht, Jack Resor, Bob Seith, Dick of 35 cents. Season ticket coupons of oT4 style telephones and instal-
nance committee, on February 10, the state had purchased only 43.271 of its quota of $76,000,000 for bonds of the E series, and 77,5% of its quota of $233,000,000 in total bond
score was advanced to 37-17, the second and third team took over and finished the game. The final score:
Purdue 48, Wabash 28.
Summary:
FG FT PF TP 3 117
Stephens and Jim Tarnow
will be good for this performance.
lation of new types, present telephone numbers will be used. For the next week coeds in the Residence
Bonds, Pictures Ready Ne.\t Week Contestants whose picciires were
’S No Fun
Purdue (48)
f
f ...
Horn, f
Ki’ieghbaum, f
Frazier, c
“The Philadelphia Story” got off
to a poor start after its so-called ®xson,
dress rehearsal performance Thurs-
Tickets may be purchased jay night, but as events progressed,
at the ticket office
Cents before the show. Doors handle without the most reheaising and with only a sprinkling of ad libs
Snow Brings Out Leggins, Old Boots
for sixty the actois proved that they could Henne y,
the situation rather well, Taylor, c„
4.1..- iv/r,,..;., XT«ii wiinoui the most reheaising and'H^^S) 8’ of the Music Hall will open at j Elliott, g , „ „ _ „ tr with only a sprinkling of ad libs & 3 and 7.15 p. m. for the Va- Eugene Levme, Geoige Sykes and 8
6 By Marion Donham
0 Some like it—some don’t, but ig- man with it. No doubt the people quarters, and Union phones. When 0 noring varying tastes, the snow in the Executive Building would en- new numbers are given for the Un8 came anyway and wrought its fby a gobd®show. ^ . ion stations, call 1 in calls from cam0 changes on the University campus. Absenteeism pus and 90 from outside and ask for
Halls will have only one phone per submitted for the Queen of Hearts Corridor, but persons telephoning in contest may obtain their photomay still ask for their party by graphs at.the~Stude»t-Smmte office room number. Each phone will have from 4 toTs p. m. any after noon next a card attached to the dial giving week. Thdse who bought bonds may instructions for using it. pick them up at the booth in front 'fo l^ublish Directory Sweet Shop from 3 to 5 p. nu Staff directory is now at the print- Monday or Tuesday, February
er’s, and will list all staff members and University departments, all bari-acks numbers. Army Head-
Camera Club Adopts New Constitution,And Rules For Use Of Darkrooms
rieties.
Karl Zeigler, put over their punch Hriend, g lines with much finesse. Although Schweizer, g they were not always understood by Oppen, g the audience, the lines weie, foi the Pochqwski, g most part, appreciated. Gustafson, f
Kay Foster, in the role of Tracy Lord, daughter of a iich Philadel-
phia family, played the part con- Wabash (28)
vincingly except in the serious mo-
teachers' Institute Will Hear Discussion By Chicago Columnist
'Teachers from Tippecanoe and ments. The old standbys, Sarah An- ^
At a meeeting on the evening of Jan. 2, the Camera Club adopted a
6 10 FT '.PF
Jones, f
surrounding counties will gathei here today for the combined county teachers’ institute. Featured at the conference as its main speaker will be F. W. Fodor, columnist of the Chicago Sun, who will talk on “Watch on the Rhine”. Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology, will open the institute with a talk on “Learning Thiough Doing”. The University string sextette, made up of Phyllis Baker, Mario Pagliarulo, Genevieve Laimar, Cleonice DeKay, Bob Heyinan, Miriam French and Barbara Hipskind, will provide a musical pro-
gram.
“Preserving the American Heiitage” will be title of a speech made in the afternoon by Dr. E. D. Doudna, secretary of the Wisconsin State Board of Regents. Counties represented at the institute will be 'fippecanoe, Carrbll, Benton, Warren and Jaspei. Teachers of West Lafayette and Lafayette will also attend the institute.
drew and Betty Wedge, piovided the McKenna, f laughs m tlie right places. Hering, 1
We noted they handled the sitting Coiyea, f
room as iC it weie a poich very well. Meyer, f The rest of the cast including Mari- Johnson, c anne Swein, Bob Padoir, Dave Siler Buirington, c and Jim Yiiigst produced an atmos- Parks, c phere of callous repoiter, high Chapin, g minded young industrialist, and phi- Buck, g hindering father respectively, but Sauers, g lost a lot of their lines somewhere. Goldberg, g Those who have choice of going to Paligraph, g Victory Varieties or the play tonight Marshall, g
would not blame themselves for attending Playshop’s perfoimance. It
won’t be one of best attempts they Score at half: have witnessed but it will be enter- bash, 14.
taining. There will also be a show for service men and their dates tomor-
12
28
Purdue, 27; Wa-
Dean F. C. Hockema
Sigma Alpha Mu
And this time, there was n,o half- Professors claim that the weather the station number. • way business about the amount ’of is no excuse, but there were many The directory contains many cross snow that fell. seats in classes yesterday, and peo- references, listing buildings or facSoldiers and sailors, perfectly pie trailed in at all times after the ulty members under several head-
confident of protection from the hour had struck. Excuses will vary ings. For example, some members constitution and elected officers, drifts because of their leggings, from the “alarm didn’t go off” one, of the agriculture teaching staff are according to a member, Lyle Crist, scurried about the campus as usual, now. listed under Ag Experiment Station, Hew regulations were adopted for Coeds, not to be outdone, decorated Naturally the combination of and also under extensii)ii service. club’s darkrooms in the classrooms with all sizes, colors snow and boys is tempting fate, and WRH numbers will not be listed sub-basement of the Union, and shapes of rubber boots, and don- some snow fights were carried on in the directory, but the operator Hoy Denison was elected presined their most attractive ski-suits even into the classroom, as in the will have them, and persons calling dent; John Kice, secretary-treasnr-with little encouiagenient. But the case of an insurance class that began the halls often are advised to record Dr. Alma Long will continue as maiines, having no leggings, suffer- with a rousing'volley of snowballs, the numbers that they call to keep fneuity advisor, a post which she ed; and will probably all catch Students had a real excuse to look the operator from being swamped has held for the past six years, cold. longingly out the window yesterday, until a new student directory is pub- Due to the depreciation of equipThe night’s stoini created freak and even a professor here and there lished next semester. Houis for call- nient in the darkrooms, during the paths that did not conform to the was caught watching the falling mg the halls are 6:30 to 10 p. ni. on Period when the Camera Club was much-loved sidewalks. Those more snow or the passing plow. week nights, till 11 p. m. on Fridays inactive, it was voted to restrict the unfortunate bootless or rubberless Changes in Picture and Sundays and until 12 p. m. on use of daikroonis to members of the individuals, rather than wade The four lions have a new white Saturdays. club. Service men who have been through snow drifts, were tempted cap on their gray granite manes. Outgoing long distance calls will permitted to use the darkiooms free to walk these well-cleaied paths, and trees all over the campus are not be accepted for student room ^xiill now have to join the Camera and did. ^ loaded witj;i snow that will drip on telephones at any time. All calls will Club to keep this privilege. Plow Cleans Up many a head when the thaw starts, be limited to six minutes, a warning' Open To Any Student The noisy little tractor snoXv plow The pine trees around John Purdue’s bell sounding at 5.5 minutes, then a Membership in tho< Camera Club did a fast job of cleaning off most grave are decorated nearly to the complete cut off at six minutes, is open to any student of the Uniof the campus walks, and even the breaking point. Complete directions for making all veisity. Membership cards will be heating unit under some of the walks Buildings at the extreme end of types of calls are given in the direc- on sale shortly before March 1, did its good deed by melting the the campus were practically buried tory. when the new leg'ulations will go snow and ice. • in drifts, or at least surrounded by Since January 24, operators have into effect. In front of the Administration high ones; and students, leggingless been training under Mrs. Ruth Hor- Lockers in the darkrooms will also Building are three barge piles of M-arines in particular, had a difficult ner, formerly traffic” supervisor of be leserved for members of t^e club.^ snow, put there by woikinen who time leaching classrooms in tire Vet operators for Indiana Associated Any locker not vacated before
... of the University spoke at the
closing session of the training cleaned the steps and walk of the Building.
school for 4-H club leaders m Lo- building. When asked whether the The six inches of snow that cov-
. .. announces the initiation of the gansport Monday. The meeting was snow would be carried away or left eied the campus yesteiday was refollowmg^men: Robeit Moise, Mar- one of a series being held over the theie to tempt a snow fight, ceived with joy by some coldvin Pesses, Joel Honigberg, Iiwiii state by the University Agricultural they replied that it would stay un- blooiled students, and with horror
Stineberg, Wally Fiiedman and Extension'Department and Rotary til it melted. One man even sug- by those who long'for the mildness ings. Professor Babcock, University will be refunded when the key is c®-* Renny Ciohn. Clubs to aid club leaders iij Indiana, gested that we could make a snow- of Oregon or California. editor, will have extra copies. turned.
Telephone Corporation. March 1 will be opened and the conCopies of the directory will be tents confiscated. A fee of five cents published this week, and will be dis- an hour will be charged members tributed throughout tiie Union, Res- for the use of darkrooms, in addiidence Halls, and University build- tion to the fifty cent deposit which;S
!■
Purdue Exponent
Saturday, February 12, 1944
OHices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fietdhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial PSionc After JO p. m., 5377
iiiu'Ss Mar vs 'Ediin.r..
..Mary
aja/iiiJk .Editor,, bpurts Eiifiur
..William H. Tyson
Wilbur
KusscU Eipea, jr
Puhlicarton Staff
Editorial Stntf
, Rtilh' M.
..alt Editor.^: .Tad; Abhett, RtiUi' M. Ford, Madelyn A.
Grotru’S. Jn.ineP T, Kieiiaiiistiu. ^Marjrarol X. Stollus, Janiv Krank Vt;.v.h. lii.vllia Mann, Martha Lee RigK^''
Ack'.rmrr/i. I'raiiK vt;.;,.n. in.vniii muiui, jTituuuu .sjwt; \ Katy Howes. L' AssociiHc Sports EdHors: F. Aclcermai^ Paul Giirbei Wiiiiam'GaHiicr, Warren C.AViiiilil. . . ^
ijfrrvice StaiVt Mofiu'j^ lleUer. Galiriel Elias, Leo Friedman Jack Jay N. wmr.n. Jvrry Koettinff, Bob Baker.
Staff
Busi
Advtrti.siiiR Manngtr: C. L. Gaunt,. Assistant Advtftisiiip Manager; Hotly Cirrulalioii Manager; K. G. Saiiorman.
Staff For This Is
Day ITditor; Mine' Tsiuie Editor : Martii
Spovls Editor; Vrrieht ! ! .
"IF.cporterr,.: G,ar;ctl, Pr.eii.-.ru'o. T’. Riohardson. .Jameson
Streot.r. Vari.Licw, Eanhfiru. Yare.nr. '
■j^Kht Editor: iilrr;;City Editor: Ririta
SI
Editor, The Pardu
all I’liotojrrai)hcr: AV. C. Tolber
Jue indepcndc-nt Lyle Cris.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette. Thdiana. under tlie act of Conyress of March 3, 1879 and at the special rate of posta.ue provided for in sectior
“1- 1 January 20, 1922
l](i;i. act' of-
loVer'
■1917
Pubiis.hod ou Tuesdav, Thursday .and Katiirday mbrninea dur-
• ■ ' - Delivered daily
auyjtu'ized ; .and Hatii
iny the vo.ar. except certain’vacation periods. Deliv. l.y e.arrier for .?.1.2:5 for ,n .semester; by mail for $1.60 for a bt'me-Stcr. SubscriiuiDns may be obtained at the Exponent
oiTici! or at the'West Desk of the Union.
.Kerrosented for 'national adveatisinff by National Advertisih.a Service, Inc.. Colletrc Pnblishcra Representativea, 420 Ma-ii-son -Avco--Ne-w-'.'!r{>rk,7-N,-Y...-.7..,. _ ,
tincoln, The ' ; / 4^ StateStnein . . . i ' I T
GRIN ANb BEAR IT
“Government of the people, by the people, and for the people” are immortal words which still live in the hearts and minds of all United States citizens. These words define for a great many of these citizens the things for which they are fighting on the many battle fronts. This government of the people,, by the people, and for the people is something which we all cherish, which we all claim as ours by divine right. : : , , But we never take the time out which ,%^e should to think of Lincoln, who first penned the immortal phrase, and the others who made our democratic goyernment a right never to be taken from us. The type of man that Lincoln was is the type that is needed now,-both on the home front and on the fighting front. A man who can stand up for what he thinks is right against all comers has many capabilities that good statesmen must have. Abraham Lincoln was one of the most hu-, mane statesmen in the history of our country. He fought for what he thought was right, against some of the most powerful of political foes, and in the end gave his life for his cause. If more statemen now writhing iiT the clutches of Washington red tape, would take stands on issues they think are right, as Lincoln did, rather, than on what lobby groups Avant for the benefit of minority groups, perhaps our country might be running a little mo-re smoothly.
Hillel .iFbundation 10:30—Regular luorning service in,Eliza Fowler Hall.\ 5:00—The group will hold a joint supper meeting at the Wesley Foundation. Rabbi Simon will speak and a discussion will follow on questions of race relations. ■ v . . : Monday noon—There will be a iSpeakers committee meeting' of thb Religious Council in the old Chestnut Room. Tueseday noon—Religious Council cabinet is to meet at the Hillel Foundation for luncheon.
, Monday, at 7:00—The ,WdM^ "group’ wiii. m4et •aLthe |hhhte and Mrs. Findley, 129 Sheetz stji^eet, with an'inform,abdisoolssion pf.jligij'' sofial religion,. The groupdS’fpXihe benefit of all students and seifyice men: interested. 9 > < ; Wednesday at 5:30—■Confbrphce on program; southwest corner;,of the Union Cafeteria. ' y’- .. Friday from 7 'to •11—Washmgton’s Birthday Tally' 'S'.
Wesley Foundatibn
T-
9:30—The two classes lor chhrOh school will me'Sti:. ’ ., 7 l l - ■/ ;;
First Christian Church 9:30—Sunday School at which Eiiid Wilson will be the speaker. 10:40—Church Service. 4:00—The members of Kappa Beta will take their national test in the. church basement. 5 to 7—Sunday Evening Club. There will be a 20-cent supper and a discussion.
10:40—“Christianity'and:Ra!i|hin” will be Dr. Steele.’s subject a^tbe Worship Service held at. the Eirst Methodist Church. -Cne of th^ianthems to be sung is Kopyloff’s t'G'pd Is aeSpirit;”: I'';'
5:00—Supper. '
G:00—Rabbi M. H. Simon will:address the group on the subject J'The Jewish Minority in AmeEica.’|;;^e Hillel Foundation will be’; gue^X ’ Tueseday noon—Religious .Q’p.uncil meeting at Hillel FoundatjOji;’
“But I did go to see our fuel ration board! The only encouragement they could give me was that they saw the first robin!”
Fersoimel Notes
Grades ■ Determine
0 5^ E W P E A K S 0 H
Proniises ' DaveiopmeBif. F©r . Fsr Wesf it^dnsslries; Lab0r Uriifes
Ag-uitssf ByrEigs
Deferments . .
WASKlNt-"'OX—The details arc being carefully unii; the program is fully worked out, but i];,.:; M f'o■.:':'re;:;.io;7al delegation, led by Sen:\i;r Brn.; hepresentative John Coffee of 'VU.shipgicn.- 7SU d.’-r dte uHSurances- that there will 'oe 1. p:-r :-v';': rt B..:; ; i,l!u:ion of indus’try,. when they valA .1-r;: .he IB esklent recently.- . , . ■..T’ue .Tr(?:si<le;;t has no-lini’enilon of leaving Western and Xi'ji'd'.we::'; Slates rnarooned after the war •'■ i.:h.c'.’:t adequate basic-material industries such, as ■ a, :el r7':;l fdi7:i:;nirm, he informed Bone, Coffee, Rep re- , senl-:.ive Ced; li. Kiug of California and George E. JTmpB.v. a-lOyn’eseniative of the t*;,ecT Corporation of W,a.:r.i;,gton State. . One^hing the. President has in mind is usire: the Smaller War Plants Corporation to speed the i'ndimtrial uetclopment of Vvestern areas . wlrh. h, are ricl'i ir, iro;i oi c, alumina and. other I'aw materirds b’ut must depend opo;'. tlie East for processing, ■ther.!. Bet'oj'e ’Bie wai’, ihis meant -that steel was ■hkuleid thousand;;, of mih.'r.s aci'oss the country from Ea.sder:'! niid.s to be ■use-;!, i.'; F.ar West shipyards and other incius.t; ie;.:. ■ . '■■"As far as I am able, I intend to see the country eecnomioally <;7;d iu'hmtrially self-siifikiont after the ’.va.r, Tbi;:; isr:’; u irromise, iib; a pl;2fi,g’p,” the President ■t-nitf bis caller.s. .Hr mont on lb say that he had come out for ciocentrahiTation of Awncrican industry ten years ago, when he I'irs’t entered the BVhito House. He added.tbat he hadn’t changed his views “one iota”. .. His visitors brt>’j,g.ht out that the redistribution progrr.’ut probably woisld meet witii opposition from the railroads, which ’.vouldn’t relinquish, without a fight, their profitable traiiKContiricntal biisine.ss in hauling
raw ihaterials.
Kcosc-velt a.greed and added that,the,railroads also ■were opposiiTg hi;-.; efi’erts to abolis.h North-South freight rate diifercntialH, which ’were imposing hard•ships on the South. As an illustration, the President said that, Sijrr.c year.s ago, he had sent a box of trinkets to his son Elliott at Fort Worth, Texas. “The expres.s bill wa.s about $3.50, as I recall,” said the President. “But Elliott didn’t want the stuff and reshipped it ba.ck from Fort Worth to Hyde Park. This cost about $6.50, almo.st twice what I had paid for ' ex^press’cR'arge’s’ ’T’o’'Ff)ft ’’W'"ort h'r thotigh^Phe box trav-
Questions have been asked as to the determining factor which was used in deferring students in engineering at the University. The following information may prove helpful in answering these questions. The quota for engineering at the University is 151. This number was distributed as follows among the various schools: Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering, 34; Civil Engineering, 12; Electrical Engineering 36; Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering 67; and Public Service Engineering ,2. The deferments in any of the above divisions or schools were based entirely upon grades. That is, the first 34 students scholastically in the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering were deferred; and in a similar manner, the 12 highest scholastically of the Civil Engineers were deferred; the two highest ranking students in Public Service Engineering, etc. , No student disqualified for military service was included in the list of deferees so that the ranking was composed of only those eligible for induction into the armed forces. This method of selection was considered the wisest means of qualification by the engineering schools.
Companies scliecluled to visit the campus: National Bearing Metals Corp., St. Louis, Mo.—Date of visit to be annouriceci. Interested in ME. Also ASTP and NCTP. Sign in the Personnel Office by Saturday, February 12. Chance Vought Aircraft, Stratford, Conn.—Date of visit, Feb. 16. Interested in ME, AeE and CE. Sigp in the Personnel Office by Monday, Feb. 14. ' RCA Victor Division, Camden, N. J.—Date of visit Feb. 17. Interested ME, EE, Physics, ChE, Business Admin, and Accounting. Lycoming Division—The Aviation Corp, Wililamsport, Pa.—Date of visit, Feb. 15. Interested in M. E. and AeE. Sign in the Personnel Office by Monday, Feb. 14. Gulf Oil and Refining Co., Pittsburgh, Pa.—Date of visit, Monday, Feb. 14. Interested in men and vvomen, with B.S. in Chemistr5^, Sign in the Personnel Office by Saturday, Feb. 12. Esso Laboratories, Standard Oil Co. of La., Baton Rouge 1, La.— Dat^ of visit, Monday, Feb. 14. Interested in B.S. M.S. and ’Ph.D. men and women chemists. Sign in Personnel, Office by Saturday, Feb. 12. Boeing Aircraft Company, Seattle, Wash.—Date of visit, Friday, Feb. 18. Interested in M.E., E.E., AeE., C.E. Sign in the Personnel Office by Tliur.sday, Ffeb. 17.
General Electric X-Ray Corp., Detroit, Mich.—Interested in E.E. (draft-exempt). If interested, sign in the Personnel Office by Wednesday, Feb. 16. Electric Controller & Mfg. Co., Cleveland, Ohio—Interested in E.E. Please sign in the Personnel Office by Wednesday, Feb. 16. Taylor Instrument Companies, Rochester, N. Y. Interested in M.E., Physicists and Physical Chemists. Sign in the Pei’sonnel Office by Thursday, Feb. 17. Owens-Illinois Glass Company, Terre Haute, Ind.—Interested in Ch.E. and, M.E.- Sign in the Personnel Office by Thursday, Feb, 17.
St. John’s Episcopal Clnirch 8,a. m.—Holy Communion. 9 a. m.—Holy Communion, especially. for University students and army and navy personnel. A breakfast will be served afterwards in the parish house. 10:46—Morning prayer and sermon. The- topic is to be “Christian Tests for Education” and the music w,ill include Gounod’s anthem “Send Gilt Thy Light”. The service can .be heard over W ASK.
West Lafayette Baptist'Chuttfh Roger Williams Foundatib|i' ■ 6:30—There will be a 20^cent lunch. , 6:30—Dr. D. M. Doty will speak on ,the siibject:. “The Urge)! to Know”. . a:
Crowe!! Editor
To Visit Campus
Arthur W. Wang, assistant editor of Crowell Company, will be at the Union Sunday, February 20, on a talent hunt which will cover Penn.sylvania, Ohio, Indiana and Illinois. He is scouting for fiction, non-fic-tion, and promising young writers. Lafayette writers may be interested in talking Editor Wang. .
University Presbyterian Church 9:30—Dr. Gordon Graves will continue his study of the Book of Matthew in the Lounge. 10;30—Morning Worship. The subject of the sermon is “Profit and Loss in Race Relations”;'the choir, led by Janet Place, will sing “Crossing the Bar”, a musical setting for Tennyson’s poem. ■ 5:00—^Evening Fellowship with recreation, supper, an address, and a discussion. Sterling R. :'^E1wayne, principal of the Lincoln school in Lafayette, will speak on “The Negro in America”. 6:50—Vesper Worship in the Chapel. .4 .
Newman Club B The University Newman Club will sponsor a tea dance for all Cathulic Vstudents, service imen and special students tomorrow in St. Maty’s auditorium from 2:30 till 5 :00.. Refreshments will be served •and;; the music will be furnished by retibi’ds. Elections held at last Sunday’s meeting resulted in the selection’of the following officers, who will s'eiWe during the coming term: Don .Anderson, president; Marie Donahue, vice tary.
UcliSUll, COlUC-11 b , ITXai'JUL •X-' vice president; Avalyn Lane, snCi'etary, and Edward Rupp, treasiirer.
Lutheran Students Association 7:30 p. m.—^All Lutheran- students are invited to attend a box social tomorrow. The girls sh.buld bring a box lUnch for two. The purchasers of these boxes will receive^ not only the lunch but the conlphnionship of the owner during ‘-the lunch. The meeting will be hdld ih the church basement at 610 N, Ninth street. ■
assuring him: “I am confident they (railroad workers) will render loyal and patriotic service and back up your program^ to win the war.”
Kiss For FDR
ellcd the same di:itancc each way.”
Slappisig Sesiaters Iloor-eveit had not seen Senator Bone since the twofisted V’ashingt'Orjian came-.out of a hospital several mor.il'iS ago foiiov.'in.g a hip operation. Bone is as fit as ever ,but, when the President imiiiii'ctl about liis condition, he replied that his hip vtas f.^'till giving him a little iroubl’e. “V/h;.’ don’t you go down to Wann S))i'iiig.s for a 'Short' reeti?” tni? Presidci;! suggested. “The treatra4:ni;; mifhjt hcil' you.” ■ ■ . ' ' ■ ;Bone (’.celined. tl:e iitvitalion, exidaining, “We have .an exp'c-rt rLibl-tr by the iiatno of Scott in the Senate gynuTasiiini who has I'-een doing me a world of good, ■Hi-. P) e:-idcrjV. In fact, I don’t tlrink 1 iould get lictter tre-a rme'ri.i. anywhere. Jhh; irian Iia.s Jteen ■s]aj)pin.g S^tat.ors arounil for iwenty^iive year:-;, and making tlik-.i'.-i like it.” ^‘Slapping Sen:'.'or;-; around!”’ howled Roosevelt. “l|;!y, t-ii'-t spimds Ilk-.' a uretty good job.” •TtYes,” replicil Bono. “1 gue.s.s there have been tifii't.::, I.J):. President, when you -would have liked to bdi;.-hi;-; ;;hoes,’^ i '
■LubG?"C£O“R.0Wir£d'
eber'A preparing to star; a major offensive in Con:'L-taimed at ((Hsiin;!. A.s.sisUuit President” Jirmry .I.;.'.babiir me!: say their drive again.st £y.. .y,;- ,,.;n ill,. pur;.',t rr.ntpaign again.st former OP;' chiei be:,,a Beiiderson ‘iouk like a tea party.” Ki'-i By or wrangiy, .tl-'L iiini.raiJ brolherhood leader;.: aceur-:',' B;-r ne;-; cf in:~:ti,gaf ing General George Alat:;';:;!!’;; cliargc that strikes ,ueri' prolonging the .war and grei’.lly incn.'a.sin,"; casuaities. . . . (Inside fact is,^ Byrnes didn’i know the I’re.sidcnl wa.s going ta cente cut for a National Seiwice .Act). . . . George Har:'i,son, chief of the hrof herhood of railroad clerks, that non-operating union siToiiesinen at no time proposed overtime, pay as a comin-oini.se solution for the rail wage dispute. Thi;;, he says, was the I’resident’s idea. . . . Harrison struck a patriotic note for hiiirpiony folloTving settleineut of the dispute with a “ttiauk you” letter to the President for his assistanpe,
When kindly Mrs. Fred Vinson, wife of the Economic Stabilizer, was.visiting her home in Kentucky, she was talking to two old ladies who greatly.admired President Roosevelt. “Do you ever see the President'?” they asked. “■Yes, when the Judge arid I go.to White House receptions,” ^'.s. Vinson replied. “Well, fire next time you see him, wonT'yoir kiss liini for us ?’■’ Mrs. Vinson laughingly promised. So the next time she visited the White House and was. shaking-hands with the President, she told him of the conversation. ’. “But why don’t you delivei- the me.ssage’?” shot back FDR. NOTE—Mrs. Vinson told friends afterward that she didn’t quite have the nerve. irudsasi BerBefit-s . Two-listed Representative Karl Miindt of South Dakota, an isolationist of pre-Pearl Harbor days, had to fight an uphill battle with the State Department before he put the “India” amendment into the UNRRA bill giving the starving Indian people a chance to get L’nitcd Nations relief. Representative Sol Bloom of New York and other Administration leaders were for railii'if^ading an UNRRA bill which would have excluded India in the bill while it was being considered inside the House Foreign Affairs Committee, he was voted down, even though he offered to bring former Assistant Secretary of War Louis Johnson to tell of the intense suffering in India as a result of the war. Then, hoping to head off the Mundt amendment on the floor. Bloom called a secret meeting of the Foreign Affairs Committee to reconsider the India question. At this meeting, he was .surprised to discover that Representative James P. Richards, of South Carolina, and otherri had switched their positions. "I voted against the Mundt amendment when we considered it some weeks back,” Richards told Bloom, “but I’ve changed my position because of son^e facts that have been brought to my attention recently. If: a country contributes $35,000,000 to the UNRRA fundj as India has offered to do, it should share in the benefits.” Though Britain and, consequently, our State Department were originally opposed to including the starving people of India in the UNRRA appropriation, India will now be entitled to a full share of Allied l)ost-war relioL as well as a voice in UNRRA councils. (Copyright, 1944, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus; however, they are interested in students for employment: Standard Oil Company, Cleveland, Ohio—Interested in Ch.E with scholastic standing. If interested, please sign in the Personnel Office by Monday, February 14. Missouri Valley Bridgej and Iron Company, Evansville, Indiana.—Interested in Mechanical and Electrical Engineers. If interested, please sign in the Personnel Office by Monday, Febru.ai:y,4:^^ ; ;
m-
a'-;)
'i'
i;; t ■
1
Second
V ’ I , .
r ^Today the Boilermaker indoor :i^&ck,.flquaii tra^vels to Chicago to y^eek .its vnumber two -win of the e^rly campaign. Last week end ijp.oknh Phillips’ ;squad turned in a i^llTprdsin'gly easy ■ victory over ii^hrthwestern and Chicago. Today, jilllwever, Wisconsin will be adding r|ii|l'Strongth to-that'of Northwestern Ohibugo to foi'm a quadrangular ■^bet. The added Badger power in '.niaid ..events is expected to make the
final outcome a virtual toss-up between .Purdue, Wisconsin, and Northwestern..Bestyperformaric.es .in last Satijrday’s'clash were turned in by Ed Ericson, Boilermaker Big Teh crosscountry champion, who captured the mile run in li niinutes,'28.13 seconds, and Ben Harvey, veteran HivetOr dash man who was credited with a .6.4 second^ 60 yard dash. Other Harrier -point winners last Saturday who are expected to make strong bids today in their respective evbnt,^,;Pj;P,^iU .^jp,lb.,.y3l2. tran#^^
from, Illinois; Bill Findlayson, Merton Peterson, -arid Joe Kennedy. Biele land Kennedy made ^ulean swoop of the first two places in the 880,' and .Peterson took .first, place in the two mile run. -By placing in two events and winning the 60 yard high hurdles, Findlayson piled pp more than his .share of points in last week’s engagement. The BadgorQthinlies will be getting .into action for the first time this .season. Because of the large number of sailors and marines on the .campus, 'Wisconsin is expected tft.t]arp,.in ,a. goo.d .porf ortnance....,
,/n j/our^ff/es/
Simplw
Fatter .
tia wqqltui Met ? eta ■ "■ CIImiaat«s<ottow* er block ond rod •Fits any ietlor or
leqal .aiae Hie
Sorts iims, sMorl FedueeamlstlHnq
Eeonowkal
Here’e ihe vreait’sl. advonee la llUnq tinoe tbo oy’olulion el the minq folder' Slrtomlines I oyery iilinq operation. Be loaqs In your iilinq
deporlmenil
READ A DOOD BOOK .yA MONTH the Book^of~the-Month Club
DECKER’S 518-520 MAIN ST. PHONE 5036
Across from (he Union Bldg.
In the last,dual meet of the season, Coach Claude Reeck. will take his mat team to Northwestern. The meet will be held in the Wildcat Fieldhouse this afternoon. The Wildcats should uqt present too much of a problem to our matirien 'for they Were ajready beaten once this Reason by the Riveter team. The traveling lineup is as follows: 121 pounds, Dave Ling; 128 pounds, Casey Stengel; 136 pounds Dan Netteshine; .145 pounds. Art Aerne; 155 pounds, Bruce Porter; 165 pounds, Jack Shepard; 175 pounds, Dave ;Wlle;.and Bob Wilson in the heavyweight class. However, Casey Stengel and Art Aerne, neither of whom have been defeated this season, are suffering from injuries. Also Newt Copple, who had been turning decisive wins in the 165,pound class and. seemed certain of the conference title in that class will be absent, having been transferred to preflight training. Swimming Squad Meets mini In Dual Meet Today Coach Dick Papenguth’s swimming squad Will travel to Urbana this afternoon to engage Illinois University’s team at 7:00 P. M. tonight. This will be. the fourth Big Ten meet for the Boilermakers while the Illini have participated in only two non-conference meets. Swimming Schedule Feb. 12—iPurdue at Illinois. i Feb. 19—Conference meet at Northwestern. .
Blue Seek Sec6nd Vktot^ In Return Engagement At 7:30 Next Monday night the Great Lakes Bluejackets, victors in 21 of 23 basketball gaines already this season, will invade the Fieldhouse for a second meeting with "Piggy” Lambert's fast breaking quintet. The Bluejackets’ most recent triumph was the downing of the power-
ful Notre Dame quintet by a one-sided 81 to 48 score. The Sailors’ leading scorers. Bob Caliban and Herm Schaefer, will be on deck to make things hot under the Riveter’s net. Another Bluejacket ball hawk who is doing all right for himself in the scoring column is Paul Armstrong. Armstrong scored — —— ^— —^—-— ^^— 26 points against Northwest- and scholastic delinquencies, ■with® to outguess Coach Ward Lambert, ern and bracketed 17 in the the exception of Bill Lodge, and the longest active basketball mentor in TeCent Notre Dame tilt lineup should be at full strength for the Big Ten. . Monday night’s battle. The Boilermakers showed Coach Paul “Tony” Hinkle, Blue- ' plenty of fight in the recent jacket mentor, served as athletic diOhio State series and should use rector and head coach in basketball,' -All-Campus Boxing Tournament, their fast break style of play to football, and baseball at Butler Uni- open to all beginners and experL good advantage in stopping the versity before going to Great Lakes, enced boxei’s, will be held Fehruhigh scoring Sailors. Most, of the Capable as Tony may be, he will ary 21. All interested can work out .players have returned from illnesses meet his match in witj when he tries on boxing deck from 4 to 6 daily. ,.
BOOKS % ■: GIFTS .' . STATIONERY ’ f ATHLETIC SUPPLIES ^ OFFICE SUPPLIES " AND EQUIPMENT Decker’s Inc.
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
Get Your— STATIONERY and SUPPLIES of ALL KINDS
Phone 2192
356 State
Graves Quality
BhscuL and. fianJUmi,
^ SPORTS E a u I P IM ENT For Spring Sport Activities See Pete McConnell at
4th Street Annex
Follow
Blue Blazer
and Relax at the
Walnut Rooisr Cafe O.M. Pipes,'31
SMALL ENOUGH to personalize its service to you, yet LARGE ENOUGH / to offer you the largest stock of ; USED AND NEW TEXTS Complete Students Supply /
PURilll basketball
PURDUE
GREAT LAKES
No. Name 32 Hoffman
No. Name Position 7. Armstronq F.
3 Horn 9 Gustafson .... 23 Kennedy 27 Frazier 30 Haag 25 Friend
1
, 22. Schaefer ........F. | 14. Coleman "16. Smith ..G. 17. Joachim G. s
Ward (Piggy) Lambert
★
When You Are in Trouble, Call PETER ANDERSON CO GOODYEAR TIRES and BATTERIES 24 HOUR SERVICE Corner of Sixth and Alabama Phone 4048
HARDWARE. PAINTS and SUNDRIES Edgerton Hardware E. W. VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 West Lafayette ?
The Place ta SHOP . . and SAVE
Everything for a College Education DEAC’SWill Hold Service Men Tuesday
Notices
All StudcntB: Those #ith senior pieWre?f| , ■ ^ ibrf • .
in ’44 Debris who have Made
activities since activity charts'^erO .flUeftS ; i Debris oitite Itefore Monday.CSdl^ »
coMe to - - , Tlraptl aad to your card.;r t
! By Cal Streeter
, t)ue to tke recent AST graduation, and probably to the shyiiieeB of some of the service men on campus, the staff of the B^ipolieiit service page is very small nowadays. A callout to 0bt»ih new writers will be held in the Exponent office in the biftsenient of the Union on Tuesday, Feb. 16, at 6:30 p. m. ^e - hope to see the office .... —
;^k0d with Army, Navy and
Nftjnhe trainees.
^New students at the UniVjfeirsity are naturally reluctant to barge in and ask for a eMniie to work bn the paper, although they may want to write, and feel they can write well. There are
O^lh.httunities for many kinds of Effective April 1 no enlisted man Vwitk'Oh the service page. Features, in the army can make a class B War Cdluihhs, news stories and cartoons Bond deduction for less than $6.75 needed to round out the pa- monthly according to the Camp pet; The call out is an invitation to Chaffee (Ark.) Armodiei’. This or-
Order Will Prohibit War Bond Deductions By Army Enlisted Men
Debris Announces Cartoonist Callout A callout for freshman and sophomore students who wish to work on the pehris will be held on Monday at 4 p. m. in the business office, room 316 of the Union. Both civilians and service men are eligible for work oh the Debris if they have an index of 3.5 or better. The editor, Eb Neese, has announced that editorial workers are needed to write copy, gather information, to interview, and to mbunt pictures taken by the photography
ait^Uhe who is interested in newspaper work to join the Exponent
stuff.
Pa^t Representative
der was issued by the Adjutant General because the cost of handling thousands of $3.75 monthly War Bond allotments had become prphib-
in the past the service staff has ifi^e
been representative of a minority of the service men on the campus. We nfeto uien ^ froni every barracks to gel the full picture of service men’s life at the University. This' means
Deductions for the $3.75 bond allotment will continue, however, un- . til all bonds at present being purchased have been paid for. New $3.75 bond allotments may not be
that trainees from the Navy and after the date. The $6.25 bond Marine programs are heeded, as well allotment will pay for a bond evei y
Us Army men. three months.
■ In addition to improving the service men’s page, new woi’kers will find working on the Exponent an educational and pleasant pastime. The ExpbWPnt office is a typical newspaper office, complete with typewrifUrs, copy desk and noise. It is run exactly like the office of any paper in the country, giving workers experience which will be valuable if they want to continue in journalism
later.
I^acilities Are Complete
The service staff has its own office' and administration. All the details of copy, editing and layout are
. left to the service men.
It is not necessary that you have experience in newspaper work to write for the Exponent. You will gain the experience by writing for
the service page. This is an oppor- ^
tunity to help make a better school
paper and enjoy yourself while served in all three dining working. If you would like to try rooms for the guests, and there will your hand at journalism, come to the dancing in^ the recreation looms
Exponent office Tuesday evening
and let us know. Theta Chi and Pi Kappa Alpha are
holding a dance tonight at Pi Kappa Alpha. Delta Gamma is .sponsoring a hop tonight, as is also Kappa Kappa Gamma. Pi Kappa Phi, Lambda Chi Alpha, and Sigma Phi Epsilon are holding a dance tonight
at Sigma Phi Epsilon.
Buy War Bonds and Stamps
BOILERMAKERS
Boilermaker Pete
Air Force To Release
lans
Seventy colleges in the army air forces college training program and 14 civilian contract schools in the pilot training program will be released for return to civilian uses, the war department has just disclosed. Students now in training at these institutions will complete their
courses.
The War Department states that riimination of any particular college “does not reflect dissatisfaction relative to the performance of
the school.”
staff. Workers are also rie.eded for the photography staff which takes, develops and prints pictures and for the business staff, which keeps the accounts and sells the books. Cartoonists Needed Also needed are student wil ability as cartoonists to draw sketches of “Boilermaker Pete”. Over fifty illustrations of Pete will be used as the theme of the 1944 Debris. Students interested in this illustration Work are asked to sign the master sheet in the Debris office for the drawings which they wish to make of the academic life and extracurricular activities on the campus. This master chart will supply all the information necessary for the artist to make his..sketch. Listed on the master chart a;i’e the theme of the page, such as “Introducing Pete’’ or “Pete’s History”, and the school or activity which is the subject of the page, as Home Economics or Playshop. The size of the cartoon will also be given and a description of “Pete’s” activity. Buy War Bonds and Stamps
By Jay Newman, A.S., USNR
• SO THE BUS^ CO. LOST A NICKEL ' When Commander (now Captain) Dorothj^ Stratton of the SPARS wa^ down here several weeks ago, she was in a hurry to get somewhere one day. Standing on a street corner with no bus in sight, she decided on immediate if somewhat unusual action. She stuck a hopeful thumb into the air and waited. The first car by was a USN station wagon. Its driver, yielding both to curiority and to an officer’s summons, came to an abrupt halt. Commander Stratton smiled, climbed' aboard, and they zoomed off With the driver’s face set in a “Goodness! What happened?” expression. . ■ • SHOO, SHOO, SIR! Wednesday afternoon, Lt. Somers was recreation and publicity officer of the base. He had been here almost 2 years and hadn’t the slightest idea whether he might be transferred somewhere else tomorrow or at the end of the war. It turned out to be tomorrow. Thursday he received orders to report somewhere in the east, and Friday afternoon he was gone. Being publicity officer, Lt. Somers was the lucky officer who got to read and slash up “The Lucky Bag” each week. He was quite cooperative (as well as destructive) about it all and never hesitated to point out possibilities for improvements. His extreme cheerfulness and buoyancy were something to cheer anyone up . .. even a defeated columnist. We’re sorry to see him go and wish him the best of luck in his new job. You might be interested to know Yeoman First Class Bernie Weiss deft Friday, too. Where to, we know not. • STRAIGHT STUFF For the last several days scuttlebutt has been thrown around so hot and heavily that’s it’s now getting difficult to wade through. It’s - all about end-of-semester leave. The “Do we-don’t we ?” speculations varied all the way from one tale which had the Navy buying us all berths on a Pullman to another predicting a five-day Field Day with time out only to eat and drink. One stoi'y sounded as home-made as the other, so we dashed in to see Lt. Fulton for the straight stuff. Here’s what he said: Anyone scheduled to attend classes in the University next semester will get about five days’ leave. The second semester basics who are transferring, and the 'V-12 graduates, have the possibility of getting a weekend liberty. No leave. This means .that only when your orders come "in telling how soon you are expected to arrive at your new station, will they know whether or not there will be time for you to go home and kiss the folks goodbye. • LOOSE ENDS In Chicago a company of WAVES live in what was once a brassiere factory. They refer to it as the “USS Venus”, if that means anything to you ... They had a test in Prof. Mundell’s tjige-motion class one day.^ An acquaintance of ours knew very few of the answers and was forced to employ many high-sounding empty phrases and rambling sentences. As an afterthought he added the letters “T. S.” at the bottom of the paper, indicating that he didn’t think much of the quiz in general. When it came back the answers were all marked up with big X’s, and at the bottom Prof. Mundell had scribbled his opinion of the answers: “B. S.” ... Speaking of low grades, Dr. Alexander of the University of Cincinnati once gave a boy a minus ten. The paper was Only worth ten points, and the name had been left off the top of it. Dr. Alexander had promised to take off twenty points for such an error, and he did.
All Students: Any student who wishes to work tbp the Registrar during the, registration for ithe March term, March 3 and 4, will please leave his name at the desk in the Registrar’s office.
—STONE.
Alpha Phi Omega: jPledge hike, Saturday, Feb. 12. Meet at west door of Union at 7 p. m. All actives intending, to go, call Bender (2372). Initiation Banquet Sunday, Feb. 13k at Lincoln Lodge, Meet at west door of Union at 4:30 p. m. All actives intending to .go call Bender, 2372. —BENDER' AH Engineering Honorary Members: Tickets for All Engineering Banquet may be obtained from the treasurer of your school honorary or Bob Batchelor. —EVANS Freshman Engineers: Meeting of, engineering lectures Saturday, Feb. 12, at 8 . a. m. in Room 129 of E. E. Building. —KNAPP Delta Rho Kappa: Initiation and banquet will be held Tuesday, Feb. 22, at 6:15 p. m. in room'261 of the Union. All members and pledges please be there promptly. Will leave together by bus for initiation banquet at 6 p, m. Members wishing to attend banquet .call Ruth Leven, lyRH 317, before Thursday, Feb. 17. Bring money for keys and initiation fees. —MILLER Union Sophomores: Those Who petitioned and did not receive jobs may call for their sophomore keys at the Union Office any afternoon at 4 p. m. —BOWLBlf ' Glider Club: Meeting, Tuesday, Feb. 16, at 7:30 p. m. See 'West Desk for room number. , —BRIGHT
Penny Carnival Held In Memorial Gym By Coeds Penny Carnival, sponsored by Sportswomen aided by WAA, will be held at the Women’s Gym on Saturday, February 19th. The sororities, residence halls, co-operative houses and town girls will have booths featuring attractions for luring eds and coeds to give up their pennies. The booth judged best in. the eyes of Dean Coolidge, Miss Dorothy Bovee and Coach Clevett
will receive a prize;
As specialty numbers there will be tap dancing presented by one of the gym classes, and South American numbers by a dancing trio. Card tables for playing bridge will be set up on the balcony, and dancing will take place later in the evening.
Seniors; Those who have been ■honoraries since filling out senior actlvltir-;' 'charts come to Debris office, before Molld&yjh Feb. 14, to add »*t>^’**®* “^arW—" Alpha Zeta: Important busincks meeting.^ Tuesday. Feb. 16, at 6 :80 p. m. iii, r.oom 212. of Union. All members be , Lutheran Students’ Associatiohy BoS ,Social, Sunday, Feb. 18, in church basejftent at 7:30 p. m.. Girls will pack jbo4t lunCk for, two. Drinks furnished. —HOLLIDAY VfliniiiisLjiw, "w — tions for removal of condition. graae^wiiV be given Saturday, Feb, 19, at 1:16 P* 4h.^in, room 233 of CheUi. Annex. AuthprliJ^on. must be secured previously. —PEAKG*, • Chemistry 3, 4, 23 Students; Examing-’ tions for removal of condition grade given Saturday, Feb. 19, at 1 ;16 p. f.pO.ln 233 of the CHem. Annex. Authori^tion ^t be secured previously. ,—j . Alpha Zeta: Important busineps mating Tuesday, Feb. 16. at 6 :S0 p. m. in rboM :212 of the Union. AH members be present ILal;, all possible. __ -SHERWOOD War Council: Shocken, Demaree, (^au-i lich and Bowlby meet in Exponent .office, Tuesday, Feb. 16, at 6 p. m. —HOWEB Gimlet Club: All members for whoiin baddies were ordered may pick them up at thg
Pi Kappa Alpha, house.
Society of Automotive Engineers ( Meeting Tuesday, Feb. 16, at 7 :30 p,. m. in room 108 of the M. E. Building. Films of interest to all will be shown. All students and servicemen invited. —BATCHELOR Ceres: Important meeting Tuesday, Feb. 16. at 6:30 p. m. in room 23^,juESBURG ^ Catholic Students: There will be a ^evjman Club tea dance Sunday. Feb. IS.' in Spi Mary’s auditorium from 2:30 till 6:00 P. m. You are invited. RefreshnpentS' will be served. Music on records. . ■
-ANDERSON
Classified Ads
Money to Loan—On diamonds, watefaes, eruns, lugrgage, typewriters. Alberts Loan Office, 40T Columbia. Typewriters—Adding machinie^, all jniAk'cfi sold, rented, repaired and purcha^. MjJn6o* graph work done. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Maine Lafayette, phone 2779, Lost—Pair of glasses, pink shell rimmed, between EE Bldg, and Union. Reward, 6801, k and E Slide Rule for sale, Pdlyphaso . Dviplex for $12.60.- Call 5264 after 7 iOO p. rh. Ask for Chuck Ginn. For Rent—Two double rooms. Coeds. Available March 1st. 130 Maratellar. Phone 41061.
LEARN TO DANei
ICTLY
Houses, Halls Wil
Valentine Dances Toniglit Women’s Residence Halls will hold the annual Valentine tea dance and. supper tonight. A buffet supper
ASTP Trainees! Subscribe for the Exponent Now
, Fill out the form below and mail or bring to Exponent Circulation Office in sub-basement of Union. Papers will be delivered to your room or house. .1 • . If you live in Gary Hall, give hall and room number. If you live in a fraternity, give name and street address of house. 'Y The price of 1 term (until April 29, 1944) is 80c.
Purdue Exponent Subscription Blank Name ..r. ... . Address
Price 80c
MAKE MJLLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO.
514 Main
Lafayette
Phone 7917
KEEP I on the
|kf. Here comes Spring! Are 5(our lighter - weight garments ready for wear.’ Probably not! Better send them in at once and let us ’em up.” The men’s toppoats — between-season suits hnd the ladies’ spring suits end coats! ^e’re still giving you the old-time THOROUGHNESS of cleaning—and reasonably prompt delivery. But there’ll be a Spring rush (as slways) and it’s about due. yf'hy not get YOUR work in NOW? Kindly send a coat hanger with each garment.
NOT TOO f:ATE TO ENROLL BEGINNER'S GfcASSyWED., FEB. 16, 1:00 P. M. ADVANCED CLA^THURS., FEB. 17, |:00 P. M. ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S WED., FEB. 16, 6:15 P. M. ADVANCED THURS., FEB. 17, 6:15 P. M. P. M. ALLEN, NATIONALLY KNOWN INSTRUCTOR PHONE 2150 ALLEN'S 6th and Ferry
You 11 say it’s
...the way we take nld clothes and rejuvenate them. Youdl he
Fhone 4081
DELtVERY FREE
Northwestern at Vine Street
Such a Friendly
DON’T DISAPPOINT HER I We have some beautiful valentines . . . also Inscions Scliralft’s candy.
I STOi
Across from the Union Building
Meet your friends at the CAFETERIA and enjoy a delicious meal together in congenial surroundings. ' ' fiwvdusL lYRiim&dcd, lAniofL The Corner of the Campus-— Yet the Center of Activities