Purdue
Z<1U
Exponent
Volume 51, No. 68
Scrturday, December 2, !9S^
Judges Will Pick 4 Beauty Queensf rom 89 Hopefuls Proof that beauty is not only skin deep, but knee deep will be exhibited tonight at 7 o’clock in the ballroom of the Union as the 89 co-eds remaining in the Debris beauty contest parade before the critical eyes of the three official and the 1,000 or more unofficial judges.
No knees will be bared, as the girls will be dressed in formals, but by the time the audience has waded through'the 89 contestants they will have seen the best this campus has to offer. Bill Martin and his band will furnish background music and entertainment. Assurance that the four winners will be the cream of the campus is given by the fact that three capable judges will decide the contest. ""Zack Mosely, cartoonist,modeme, famous for his “lil’ de-icers” in the Smilin’ Jack comic strip, will be one of hte judges. Mosely arrived last night after flying to Indianapolis from New York to be here for the contest. A. Reid Winsey, instructor of free hand drawing at DePauw University, is another modern who would have all beauty contests conducted in bathing suits and without benefit of cosmetics or hairdress. He served as a judge at the Debris contest two years ago. Official photographer for Debris, Jerry Carlon is the third judge and will take the photographs of the winners for the yearbook as he has -done for the past few years. WBAA Variety Hour Season Starts Today WBAA’s variety hour. Campus Varieties, will take the air this afternoon in the first of the regular winter season of programs. The show this year will follow the same general plan that it did last year with the exception of a few minor changes. Starting at 3 o’clock, the progi’am will oiiginate from the grill lounge of the West Women’s Residence Hall and will, as usual, be open to the student body. Harry McCrady’s orchestra will headline the program with his featured vocalists Martha Lommel and Bob Young. Charlie and the Girl Friends, Marvin Smith, Jim McKillip, Pat Heine and Bob Pettiner are among the other featured performers on the program. If present plans go through, a special interview will be conducted with Zack Mosley, cartoonist extraordinary and creator of the comic strip Smilin’ Jack, who is on the campus as one of the judges of the Debris beauty contest tonight. Something New Two new features of the shows are to be presented for the first time today. One of them is called The Week in Review which briefly recalls the important happenings of the past week and the other is the Carmichael Song of the Week, one of the compositions of Hoagy Carmichael which will be featured each week. The song for this week is “Blue Orchids.” The program, which is produced by Hank Miller, will featui^e many popular and novelty songs including a composition by Jim McKillip called “49 Men in a Capsized Canoe”, and one of today’s most popular tunes “Lilacs in the Rain” which, according to a survey appearing in Radio Daily, shows that it was played almost twice as many times last week over the three major networks as any other popular song. Students planning to attend the program are urged to be in the grill lounge by 2:60 p. m. in order to eliminate noise dhring the program.
Triton Club
. . . swimming honorary for women, announces the initiation of the following girls: L. Bemis, R. Cohen, A. Chatfield, G. Curry, S. Emhoff, B. Ford, D. Fellner, G. Heath, D. Holden, J. Hodges, M. Kuzmitz, M. Losey, M. Rosencrans, J. Stamm, J. Steigerwald, S. Stroy,
R. Walker, E. Zeigler.
Dr. Beard Discusses Activity Operations At Student Forum At a forum-type meeting in the Faculty:..Lounge of the Union last night. Dr. Charles A. Beard listened to speakers representing the Student Alliance, the Cosmopolitan Club, and the Activities Bureau and answered their questions on the operation of their organizations on the campus. Each speaker gave a brief summary of their activities operations to date. Althea Jorgenson, Activities Bureau president, acted as chairman of the meeting. At the opening of the discussion. Dr. Beard pointed out that a person’s answers to questions may be made from facts or opinions or an ' agreeable combination of both. Just as he promised, he patterned his answers to conform to the last
method.
J. J. Davis opened the meeting with a short history of the Student Alliance. He mentioned that his organization was especially concerned with student liberty on the campus. He pointed out that a typical problem concerning student liberty arose last spring when Playshop was asked to abandon plans for the production of a play which certain organizations considered detrimental to society in general. Lanczos Speaks In connection with this topic. Dr. Beard stated that graduate students German colleges are not allowed to write a thesis on a subject not receiving the approval of the local Nazi chief. Prof. C. Lanczos, of the Mathematics department, and a member of Cosmopolitan. Club, spoke of its achievements. He said that one of the primary pajrposes of the Club is to promote closer contact between the many nationalities rep- ' resented on this campus. In the opinion of club leaders, this has become a reality among foreign students; however, they feel that the Club will not have fulfilled its purpose until this contact is established between American students and foreign students in the same —way that it has now become established among the foreign students themselves. Today’s Program In an effort to give students a chance to talk individually with Dr. Beard, he will devote a portion of this morning and part of Monday morning to conferences. These conferences may be arranged through Prof. C. B. Murphy of the history, economics, and government department. Dr. Beard’s schedule for today follows: 10:00 a. m.—Conferences with individual students, Agriculturist oifiice. Union building—Professor Murphy presiding. 12:00 noon—Luncheon, Student Union Board, Faculty Lounge, Union building—Paul Cooper pre-
siding.
6:30 p. m.—Formal dinner at the Meikle home—President and Mrs. Elliott, et al. 9:00 p. m.—Formal dance. Women’s Residence Halls. Dr. R. Phillips ... of the history, economics, and government department, left last night for Detroit, Mich., where he will speak before a dinner meeting of the Detroit Association of Purdue Dads and Mothers tonight. Arrangements for the i meeting, which will be held in the Fisher Building, are in charge of A. E. Wells, of Dearborn, Mich., president of the Detroit Association.
University Orchestra To Play In Ballroom Tomorrow At 4 P.M. With an increased attendance in the offing, the regular Sunday afternoon Union musical program will be conducted at 4 o’clock in the Union ballroom instead of the Music Room as in the past. The University orchestra, conducted by Joseph M. Ragains, will play a program consisting of three groups of numbers, and members of the orchestra will play two groups of solos for oboe and violin. The first soloist, Harold W. Kock of Whiting, will play a Mozart Concerta in E flat for the oboe. The second soloist, Vernon Westbury of Evanston, 111., will present Schubert’s Ave Maria and Relhfeld’s Spanish Dance for the violin. Vernon Westbury has been appointed concertmaster of the orchestra, and Eva Rovertson has been appointed manager. Juanita Thompson of Covington is librarian.
750 Prep Debaters Register At Tenth Annual Conference Conference... Col R. S. Henry T0 Discuss Current Debate Topic High school debaters attending the tenth Indiana High School debaters’ Conference being conducted at the University this week end were welcomed, feted, serenaded and dined last night in the Union ballroom from 5:30 to 8 o’clock while officials were completing arrangements for presenting the Hon. Thomas R. Amlie, former member of Congress from Wisconsin, and Col. Robert S. Henry, assistant to the president of the Association of American Railroads, in a debate on the current scholastic debate subject, “Government Ownership of the Railroads,” this morning at 10:15 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. Earlier yesterday afternoon the
... Speakers
Col. Robert S. Henry
SDX Offers Prizes For Best Candid Camera Campus Shots Grab your cameras, you campus picture-takers, and start shooting those candid shots of your friends (and enemies) for publication in the Exposer. The tabloid tattle-tale Exposer, awaited with interest every year, will be distributed free to couples attending the Sigma Delta Chi Riveters’ Rassle next Friday evening. Rasslers will take over the entire Union build-
ing that night.
SDX members will meet tomor- i ^
row afternoon for a copy-writing session for the Exposer. Pictures of students in more or less embarrasing positions will form part
of the contents of the paper.
Free Ticket
The person submitting t«e most exposing camera shot will receive a Rassle ticket, valued at $1.99j4. Pictures may be given to any Sigma Delta Chi member or pledge, and must be in not later than Tuesday. Pictures may also be left at the Union desk for Sigma Delta Chi. Last year the top prize winning cameraman was James J. Dickstein, who lived at the old Phi Pi Phi house (now Alpha Sigma Phi). His three entries in tr\j^e candid manner
revealed the finer points in kissing
technique.
Dirt Wanted
Other students in the know are asked to turn in their “dirt” on humorous incidents involving University students. Complimentary copies of the Exposer will be given to all students who submit pictures, jokes or stories worthy of publication . . . whether or not they are
prize-winners.
Tickets for the Rassle, in the shape of a folded newspaper front page, are on sale for $1.99% at the Union desk, Deac’s, Southworth’s, and Decker’s. They may also be obtained from^any Sigma Delta Chi active or pledge.
Bill Martin . .. and his campus band will play for the mixer tonight in the Memorial Union ballroom which will start immediately following the Debris beauty contest. The usual admission price of one dollar will prevail. Jessye Choir Sings Before Large Crowd With the applause of an enthusiastic audienceTinging in their ears, the Eva Jessye Choir, dramatists of negro music, last night completed their two day convocation schedule before a capacity crowd in the Memorial Gymnasium. The spirit and the quality of spontaneity of their songs was highly acclaimed by the audience, who at six different times called the singers back for more selections.’ The evening’s program, the same as that given on the first night, was divided into five groups: spirituals, work songs, hero legends, Gershwin selections, and a travesty. Solo selections were given by various members of the choir, while the remaining singers blended their voices into a musical background. At the close of the program, each singer introduced himself, giving his or her home town. Student Union . . . will sponsor a tea dance next Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock. Dance music will be furnished by recordings. As usual no charge will be made and all students are invited.
200 Faculty Men Vie For Pin Title With approximately 200 faculty and staff members of the University banded together into 24 teams, the University Club Bowling League has been bashing the pins down at a lively rate for the past few months. Both the enrollment of individuals and of the teams is far above last year’s total and with the keglers “rolling ’em” down the alleys at least once a week, a number of “profs” have become really effiicient at the art of pin toppling. Close Race At the present time the General Stores is leading the pack with a total of twenty victories against four defeats. Right behind them with 18 won and 6 lost are the Speech professors, and following them, three games behind the leaders, is the Animal Husbandry five. Good Scores Individual leaders at the present time are Mdck with a 250 game, and Moore who has a 622 series to his credit. The first place General Stores group holds the high team game with 911, while the show money Animal Husbandry lads are the proud possessors of a 2676 team series. R. W. Hanson of the Chemistry department is president of the league this year, and 0. W. Ford of the Agricultural Chemistry staff is vice-president. W. W. Hollensbee. University cashiers, is treasurer, and Prof. Wilbur of the Dairy staff is secretary.
Hon. Thomas R. Amlie McCrady Will Play For WRH Formal Harry McCrady’s orchestra will furnish the music for the annual winter formal of the Women’s Residence Halls which will be held tonight froin 9:00 until 12:45 o’clock at the halls. Decorations will consist of typical winter scenery, complete with evergreens, frosted window panes, and snow. Belled bracelets and lapel favors will replace the usual programs. A bfiffet supper will be served at 11:30 to members of the residence halls and their guests. President E. C. Elliott and Mrs. Elliott, Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Stewart, Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Bodden, Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton, Miss Clare Coolidge, Dean Mary L. Matthews, Dean and Mrs. H. E. Enders and other faculty members will be guests at the dance.
f
Leah Gluck, Science Co-ed, Elected To Head Newly Established Hlllel Branch This semester a branch of the Hillel foundation has made its appearance on the campus. The main purpose of the organization is to acquaint the Jewish students in the University. The Hillel foundation is located at 26 Waldron street. At the first organization meeting on November 19, officers for the year were elected. They are Leah Gluck, president; Stanley Steinbach, vice-president; Annesther Singer, recording seci-etary; Ted Novey, corresponding secretary, and Israel Selkowitz, treasurer. The committee chairmen that have been appointed are Arnold LoMar, house committee; Leona Mermelstein, social committee; Ed Katzenberg, program committee, and Julius Singer, membership committee. The foundation pla,ns to hold supper seminars every Sunday at which speakers will be presented or discussions held.
Indiana University negative debate team defeated the University affirmative team in Eliza Fowler Hall on the national scholastic debate subject for this year: Resolved, That the Federal giovemment Should Own and Operate the Rail-
roads.
This afternoon at 1:15 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall, Dr. J. H. McBurney of Northwestern University with the aid of three Northwestern students and three Purdue students will conduct a demonsti’ation group discussion. Impressive Program President E. C. Elliott welcomed the visiting debaters and their coaches last night at the banquet in the Union ballroom, and the University choir, conducted by A. P. Stewart, presented a program of choir music. Emphasis, besides the its own singing, was placed upon the choir by the inter-play of specially arranged spot lights upon the
stage.
Dr. Charles Beard, historian and noted author, who is on campus for a four-day discussion period on governmental topics, spoke to the debaters, and said that the work that IS being done in this conference is most important in the governmental and decomocratic sense. Miss Geraldine Elliott, manager of radio station WJR of Detroit, Mich., spoke to the debaters last night' at the banquet on “Our Worthy Opponents,” and said in part that, “scholastic debating teaches us to listen as well as talk.” North Side Wins Attendance trophy was won by North Side high school of Fort Wayne. North Side has 52 student registrations. South Side of Fort Wayne is second in attendance, and Central of Fort Wayne is third. All in all, there are 118 students from Fort Wayne attending the conference. The total registration of debaters totals 746, representing 65 high schools throughout the
state.
Coaches will start the day off this morning at 7:46 o’clock when 75 of them will convene in the Faculty lounge of the Union for a coaches’ session with discussion concerning “what can be done to arouse more interest in debating.” Official tour of the campus will be offered to the visitors at 8 o’clock this morning, and will start from the main lobby of the Union. Amlie, Henry at 10:15 In the general session and forum program in Fowler Hall at 10:16 o’clock this morning, Amlie will talk on “The Case for Federal Own- , ership of the Railroads,” and Henry will argue the point with “The Case Against Federal Ownership of the Railroads.” Following their talks, discussion and related questions directed to the speakers will be in order. Adjournment Of the Indiana High School Debaters’ Conference will follow another general session at 1:16 o’clock this afternoon in Fowler Hall, a 2:30 o’clock discussion group assembly in University Hall, and a round of practice debates in which 80 debaters of 40 teams will debate siniultaueously, starting at 3:30 o’clock, also in University Hall.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. December 2, 1939
Jinudif JoUl School Spirit ... discussions have been in the limelight at the University for the last several weeks. Many people, including Professor Noble Kizer, director of athletics, have remarked about the lack of enthusiasm shown by the student body. Some blame this on the students themselves, some on the yell leaders. Student opinion, however, places this blame elsewhere. Many students feel that at the beginning of this school year, school spirit reached a maximum that was far above any shown in the years immediately previous. Attendance at the initial pep session of the season was far above that that might have been expected after consideration of previous sessions. Why did such a crowd turn out for this session ? Of course it is a treat to hear President Elliott, but can all the enthusiasm be attributed' to his appearance ? Reason would say no. It was the first session of the year. Students had just returned to school and were eager to participate in that feeling of school spirit. Naturally, some of that enthusiasm would die out with additional sessions, but some should remain. Wouldn’t there be much more chance for school spirit if there was a follow-up for each pep session? If the students could get together and back the team while it was actually playing, wouldn’t spirit have a much greater chance of being permanent? We’ve heard it said that a person could drop over to the Big Four station any Thursday, wave goodbye to any train that might be leaving and then return to his radio the following Saturday to cheer for Notre Dame with almost as much spirit as we now have for our own team. It takes more than a student athletic ticket-to properly follow the Purdue football team nowadays. It is imperative to have access to a radio. Perhaps, if the present situation continues, it will be possible for the administration to give the students small radios for their athletic fee, instead of the tickets they* hand out at the present time. From all appearances it would seem impossible for the red-blooded students that attend the University to keep enthusiastic with only two home games. A traveling team just isn’t conducive to school spirit. It may be impossible for the University to schedule more home games. Perhaps the talk of small attendance and small gate receipts is straight from the shoulder. People, who believe this, attribute our small attendance to the fact that we are located too far from a center of population. Maybe, too, it is impossible for the University to arrange special student prices for games that are relatively close to home. It has been said that there is no chance for special University trains to these games either. Most of the impossibility seems to rest on the fact that a large number of students drive to the games, and drive home—sometimes in a state of in-
But \ Incidentally— By Romanoff , Read it and weep: Sitko, Stelmaszek, Juzwik, Marko, Zontini, Kovatch, Pepalnjak, Gubanich and Ostroski. Onr half-shut optic, wandering over some football season souvenirs, alighted upon the above names under the heading of the 1939 Notre Dame roster. And they call ’em the fighting IRISH.'' S|t * * Since we stumbled onto the subject of gross misstatements we may as well relate our disgust that the engineering school still insists on calling a laboratory group a “party.” Anyone who has ever blown the safety valve on the mechanical school’s boiler or opened a bank of circuitbreakers in the EE lab knows how we feel. Party . . . hell. »> * >x As the Egyptian once used to sing on his way home from chasing mirages . . . “Oh, Phario, where has my little doggone ...” We know ... it sphinks. * * * We’ll never quite get over the look on the guy’s face as he strode into Doc Miller’s “Cold Research Room” with his pants over his arm, only to find a co-ed taking cold shots in the easy chair. That was the day we asked the Doc how he felt about curing Kives. We always sound him out before we lay ourself open and tell him our malady . . . it’s self preservation. That was back in the good ole days when the Doc was curing everything from hay fever to flat feet by putting the patient on the “hot seat” . . . customary name for his electric hot-pad. Imagine our surprilse when, after three minutes of treatment, our hives were completely gone. We thanked him, swapped dirty jokes, and left. Five minutes later the same hives, somewhat magnified, came out on the opposite leg in all their crimson splendor.
ebriation, with one or two wrecks and injuries as a result. At present there seems to be no answer to the situation. Still it cannot but be apparent that reprimanding the cheer leaders or bringing scorn down on the student body will not aid school spirit. Until basketball season rolls around, enthusiasm is destined to be at a minimum. Perhaps with the number of home basketball games arranged for this school year, the spirit that was so bountiful at the first pep session will return. It is more and more generally accepted that Purdue’s major sport is basketball, not football—possibly because of the relative number of home games in the two sports. If there is a solution to this undermining of school spirit, it should be presented to the proper authorities as soon as possible. Coming years on the University campus seem doomed to as few, or less, football games than this one. A point has been reached where continued “bitching” will not help. Only constructive criticism and definite action will do. Faculty members, alumni, students—what do you suggest ?—G. W. F.
JomoJUuuv, SfL Jhs ^hwichnSu Purdue Christian Foundation First Christian Church, Lafayette 9:30—Sunday Class: beginning a new series on “War and Peace’’ leading up to Christmas, Mr. C. E. Dammon, Director of Admissions, speaks on “Christian Ideals of Human Relations.” 10:40—Church Service: Mrs. Ora Shepherd, Executive Secretary of the Dept, of Misisonary Organizations, and an unusually capable speaker, brings “I Believe in the Shared Life.” 5:30—Vespers; 6:00 — Recreation; 6:30—Discussion: “Can A Man Be A Christian and Go To War?” Bob Belcher will maintain the Christian pacifist position, Henry Mangus will support the position to refuse to fight on foreign soil, and the “Christian Soldier” point of view will be upheld by Morris Ingleman.
Methodist Students 8:00 a. m.—Council Braeakfast. 9:30 a. m—Co-ed Sunday School Class: “A Christian Personality”— Mrs. McFadden. 9:30 a. m.—Men’s Student Classes at the church. 1. “Spiritual Values in Literature”—Dr. H. I. Creek. 2. “Christianity and Cooperatives”—Dr. A. A. Smith. 3. “The Life of Jesus”—Rev. Wm. McFadden. 10:40 a. m.—Worship service with sermon by Dr. Steele on “America for Christ.” 2:00 p. m.—Tryouts for cast and staff of “Why the Chimes Rang.” 6:00 p. m.—Fellowship Supper at the Foundation.
6:30 p. m.—University'Epworth League. “Goodwill toward Men”—a student panel on Muriel Lester’s way of doing social service. Presbyterian and Congregational Students Morning Program at Central Presbyterian Church, Lafayette 9:30—Discussion Group led. by Dr. G. H. Graves. 10:40—Morning worship. Sermon by Dr. W. R. Graham. Theme “How Does God Become Real to Me.” The choir, directed by Mr. A. P. Stewart, will sing “The Holy City” by Adams. The solo will be by Mr. Joseph Ragan.
Evening Progiam at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz Street 4:30—Meeting of Session of Student Church. 5:00—Congregational meeting of Student Church. 6:00—Supper meeting for Sunday Evening Forum. Mrs. R. C. Carter will speak on “Student Life in England.” Baptist Students Roger Wililams Club West Lafayette Baptist Church 9:30 a. m.—Class. Dean M. L. Fletcher, teacher. 10:30 a. m.—Sermon, “Why Pi ay”. Choir will sing, “Give Ear Unto My Prayer.” Arsene Sum-
MaiiI
Starts Sunday Two Smash Hits
WILL GAMY TAKE IT...WIEN RAFT DISHES IT OUT?
PLUS-
SHE SMILES...AND THE ^ANGELS' SING!
TAh AY...ESPIONAGE agent with JOEL McCREA IVI/MI—p,„5 nancy drew and THE HJDDEN STAIRCASE
STARTS SUNDAY
The most; eveat in het Ufe 1% The most eajoyshle 'J ’ experience M you)»r >
DURBIN FmsTion witA, Helen PARRISH • Robert STACK Eugene PALLETTE • Lewis HOWARD LAST DAY
CHARLES LAUGHTON — IN — 'JAMAICA INN'
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichly
Dear B&B Editor: We are of the opinion that you could run a feature in your column entitled “Advice to the Lovelorn”. We’ve got a sophdmore over here that is wasting day by day. If she (Jane) doesn’t smile on him (Doug) pretty soon, we fear dark consequences for our beloved brother. —The Phi Delta. P. S.: We might get some sleep too ... he keeps us awake at night wandering around in a daze wailing to himself. —B&B— Dear Phi Delts: ' The best advice we have for your befogged brother is for him to get in touch with some members of the D.O.E. club by calling 3301. I’m certain that he will be made to see the light. . . the more sucker. —The Ed. —B&B— SOMETHING FREE . . . ... to all students is the DEBRIS BEAUTY CONTEST tonight. The management has asked us to implore you to refrain from throwing vegation or hissing above a roar . . . anyway, you’d better get there early if you want a seat. —B&B— Zack Mosley (one of the impartial judges) is flying to our campus and it IS lumored that “Smilin’ Jack” will be with him, but no “lil’ De-icers”. —B&B— BOLD and BLACK BEAUTY CONTEST . . . . . . for men will start today. Send your selections to this Dept, or drop them in the B&B box. The ed receiving the most votes will be named the “Queen”. To prove that there will be no partiality shown, your editor will count the results himself. —B&B— Phi Sig Whitsman seems to have
FACULTY MEMBERS Dr. Charles A. Beard will address a special meeting of the Faculty, to he held on Monday, December 4, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is desired. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT.
mers will sing, “Spirit of God.” 5:30 p. m.—Social Hour and lunch. 6-30 p. m.—“The Influence of Religious Emphasis Week.” 7:30 p. m.—W. W. G. Pageant, “Bells of Heaven.”
“Mrs. Scarfoni wants me to go shoplifting with her today, Slug.”
gotten that old Xmas spirit early ... at least he put his pin on Betty Trexler, Phi Mu, last week. If eversrthing is above board, why all the secrecy, chumo? —B&B— \ When Fan Dancer Sally Rand was invited to become the housemother of the Kappa Sigs at University of Richmond recently, she penned the following poetic response: “Thank you boys for your swell invite, “Now that my coffers are empty quite, “Of course, I’ve never been a mother, “But I’d rather be yours than any other. “But I must still my career pursue,
ARC TODAY THRU SATURDAY wwmm 'SWmWNS PRAIRIE' <rftA kU awm WHtre HASH
“I can’t be a mother to yours nor you, “For nothings changed, it’s the old nude deal, “Fve got my fans and sex appeal, “And what I’m selling is tried and trusted, “For the public knows that I’m not flat busted.” —B&B— See you at the Goon Conclave tonight ... we leave you friends.
LUISA SUNDAY - MONDAY
^.-...ClABENCEBBOWH Mvam vnotm OEonaa m-nwiR-BiiiiT
PLUS—2nd FEATURE
— AND — "WITHIN THE LAW" — wmi— PAUL KELLY RUTH HUSSEY —ALSO — ZORO'S FIGHTING LEGION SUNDAY - MONDAY "BOY FRIEND" "CAPTAIN FURY" MICKEY MOUSE
A SIDE-SHOW DANCER TRIES TO SIDE STEP L9VE...IN A MIHACLE OFTHHILUNaDiAMAS
starring WSAHGO
A COLUMBIA
MCTURE
—LAST TIMES TODAY— JOHNNY MACK BROWN — IN — "Chip of the Flying U" — ALSO — PRESTON FOSTER — IN — "MISSING EVIDENCE"
ALL NEW FUN THRILLS WITHMR.»dMRS.THINMAN! {And The Kid In The Three-Cornered Pantil) Welcome, Nick and Nora I Welcome, Nick, Jr.I Your newest adventure is your merriest and most amazing screen escapade!
V$! Starts TODAY MARSli'l »
Saturday. December 2, 1939
£xfiOfuinL fiaqsL
> %
Yarsify Swimming Team Opens Season ^quad kmrM Letters
Against Fort Wayne In Fieidhouse Today
By Ed Katzenberg With several of the varsity declared ineligible, and Saltzmen, springboard artist, out of action with an injured hand, a handicapped swimming squad goes out to meet the powerful Fprt Wayne tankmen in tonight’s meet, at 7:30, in the Fieidhouse pool. Coach Papenguth has not as yet picked his starting lineup, but it has just been annexed with Ted Anderson, backstroke and crawl specialist, declared eligible by virtue of a passed examination. Anderson or McCrady will take charge of the backstroke position in the medley relay, Tingley or McCammon will swim breaststroke, while the number three position will be filled by either Brammer or Herr. Others Competing The 220 and 440 free styles will be handled by Graham and Siler,
XMAS GIFT HINTS HICKOK KOIHipe
respectively, and Kratzer and Brammer will swim in the 60 and 100 yard sprints with Herr as alternate. Frank hnd Tingley or Holler will race in the 200 yard breaststroke, with 150 yard backstroke taken by McCrady, Kusko or Anderson.. Kratzer, Siler, Herr and Brammer will compose the 400 yard relay team. After the regular meet with Fort Wayne is finished, there are to be several freshman handicap races, with ineligible varsity men participating. When these are over. Coach Papenguth has- planned a treat for the spectators in the shape of an exhibition water polo match, during which the boys will be fighting for the starting berths in the squad which meets Northwestern on January 13 in the first meet of the year. The entire program is to be free of charge, with the public invited. Badminton Courts Now Available In Fieidhouse Pour badminton courts have been laid out in the Fieidhouse and are now available every day until 9 o’clock to anyone wishing to use them. Racquets and rubber-nosed darts or fleece balls may be checked out at the intramural check-out cage. Better shuttlecocks with cork heads may be purchased at the office.
A LUCKY POCKET PIECE . . . THE gift that ’ s new... Hickok KoiNife is a practical pocket knife. Beautifully finished, with three smart Kurv-Initials, $3.00 ... others from $2.50. Htckok key chams and watch chaws from $1
btdAmr —ONE DAY ONLY— SAIORDAY, DEC. 9 MATINEE AND NIGHT
New York St^ge Success
Starring TAYLOR HOLMES
and an excellent cast including
BRANDON TOMMY WIUMA PETERS. LEWIS-FRANCIS
"The best comedy I've seen in years."
—GEO. M
A STAGE PLAY
COHAN
NOT A PICTURE
Box Office Open Daily 11:00 A. M. to 9:00 P. M.
ADM
Mat. S.55 $.83 $1.10 $1.65 . Eve. $.83 $1.10 $1.65 $2 $2.50 • —Tax Included —
All Seats Reserved Phone 7903
NEW ADULT BALLROOM BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS WEDNESDAY, DEC, 6th, 7s30 P. M. In ten easy enjoyable lessons you will learn to dance the waltz, and the fast and slow fox trot. No lessons given during holiday vacation. All classes are under the direction of P. M. Allen, National Dance Authority. ALLEN’S & Ferry
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic
"DEAC"
DR. PAUL A. RISK ' DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD j. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
Everything for a College Education
• Florists
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119y2Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
After leading the Boilermaker cross country squad this fall as far as winning races was concerned, Ed Holderman, junior distance trotter, was recently elected captain of nex| year’s squad. Besides having the honor of leading next autumn’s Thinlies, Ed was awarded the lone major letter on the s^uad. Holderman, who has been rated as one of 4he country’s finest collegiate distance runners, lost only one dual match during the past season; finished second to Mehl, of Wisconsin, in the Big Ten championships, and took sixth place in the N. C. A. A. championship at East Lansing,
Mich., last Monday.
Minor cross country letters were awarded to Robert Jarvis, Terre Haute; Keith McLaughlin, Indianapolis; Charles Reeves, Dayton, Ohio; Garson Shulman, Elmira, N. Y.; James White, Winamac; William White, Elkhhrt, and Hugh
Young, Twelve Mile.
Nine freshman prospects were awarded their cross-country numerals, as follows: W. Appleton, Beverly, Mass.; J. O. Bray, Monrovia; D. H. Kemp, Fort Wayne; F. Kinder, Indianapolis; R. J. Lambert, Mishawaka; N. E. Marozick, Des Plaines, 111.; D. C. Roach, Indianapolis; J. P. Vaughan, Lafayette; R. J. Winner, Fort Wayne. Intramural manager awards were made to Rolfe Jenkins, -Lafayette, and Thomas Noland, San Francisco,
Cal.
Reeck Drills Matmen For Season Opener With approximately 40 aspirants out for the wrestling squad. Coach Claude Reeck is whipping his team into shape for the first match with Chicago on December 8 and 9. In addition to this first match, the AAU contest, there will be six conference encounters and three nonconference tangles. Although most of the positions are “wide open,” the nucleus of the squad is composed of returning major lettermen, Captain Willey, 155; A1 Rossi, heavyweight; Charles Allmon, 128; Moe Aronson, 176, and Post, 165. H. Tims, a former letterman, several years ago, is planning to wrestle again, which will add more strength to the present array of talent. Pour matches will be scheduled for the second team. More candidates are needed for the freshman squad, and Coach Reeck reminds the frosh that they are awarded numerals in wrestling as well as in the other sports.
Court 1-
Court 2-
Court 3-
FRATERNITY SQUASH
Today
1 '00—Alpha Chi Rho. 2:00—Alpha Gamma Rho. 3:00—Alpha Sigma Phi.
4:00—Delta Chi.
1:00—Sigma Alpha Mu. 2:00—Delta Tau Delta. 3:00—Delta Ups:lon. 4:00—Kappa Sigma.
1:00—^Lambda Chi Alpha.
2:00—Phi Delta Theta. 3:00—Phi Kappa Psi. 4 ‘00—PI Kappa Alpha.
JuUdnAiu QhoitSL By Robert J. Deckard The Purdue Boilermaker football coaching staff missed out on a chance to develop a player who today is ranked among the leading backfield aces in the nation . . . Paul Christman, Missouri star, enrolled at Purdue, but after not given the “chance” he wanted on the freshman squad went to Missouri, a “show-me” school, and has been showing ’em ever since.
—^fc—
Indiana basketballers should have plenty of endurance to start the season . . . Each varsity candidate was required to enter the annual intra mural cross country run, and four basketball men placed in the first five finishers . . . Bill Menke, cen''ter, was first for the second straight year, followed by Bill Frey, and Bob Menke. Jim Gridley, letterman last year, was fifth.
—fc—
To Doc Eddie Anderson goes FC’s nomination for the outstanding football coach of the year ... In 1938 the Iowa Hawkeyes managed to garner one game, but Anderson took over the corn belt eleven this fall and smacked Wisconsin, Purdue, Notre Dame, and Minnesota all in a row.
—^fc—
Nile Kinnick, Iowa’s All-Ameri-can candidate, who played in six consecutive games without relief during the ’39 season, is a Phi Beta
Kappa. —fo—
When talking about “iron men,” don’t forget Bob Kimnitz, Marquette University’s junior guard, who played 476 out of a possible 480 minutes in Marquette’s eight-game schedule this fall.
—fc—
After perusing the results of Purdue’s football campaign in 1939, one may surmise that the Boilermakers didn’t face any easy opposition, which may be shown partially by their three gridiron losses. The Notre Dame Irish, who tripped the locals first, 3 to 0, has lost only to Iowa and Southern California, two of the toughest teams in the nation. Santa Clara, who bopped the Boilermakers for their second defeat, has been defeated only once . . . Texas A. and M., rated by some as the toughest in the country, licked the SC outfit . . . Iowa, conqueror number three, got beat only by Michigan.
—^fc—
Although Harold Hush, Indiana’s ace forward passer, is known to the football world as “Hurling Hal,” the Indiana Daily Student, tampus
/ Boilermaker Basketball Team Prepares For Frosh-Yaisily Game Monday Night Working hard to iron out any kinks that may have developed over the summer months, the Boilermaker net forces yesterday really went to work in preparation for Monday’s tussle with this season’s edition of freshman basketball talent. Ward Lambert sent his charges through one of the toughest drills that the hardwood lads have experienced this fall in hopes of bringing them somewhere near the pink of condition for the Riveter’s opening encounters.
Weight Lifters Engage. Indiana In Opening Meet Weight Lifting Club, newlyformed University organization, will engage in its first intercollegiate meet Saturday when it travels to Bloomington to tangle with the Hoosiers in a battle of weights. The University team, which will be composed of five men, has not been chosen as yet. '' This organization is desirous of acquiring new members, in order that it might expand its scope of activities. The only requirement for membership in this group is an interest in the ancient art of lifting weights. Members work out at least once each week in the Fieidhouse. New members will be eligible to enter in the regular competition which will begin next Week. Rifle Team Plans Match Next Week Members of the rifle team will be announced this evening at 7:30 at a meeting of the rifle club to be held in room 104 of the Fieidhouse. The squad will be chosen on the basis of the best scores made during the past two weeks on the range. The first mail match is tentatively scheduled for next Thursday and other competitions will be held weekly after that. The University of Georgia, Georgia Tech, and UCLA are some of the schools that will be met in this type of match. Shoulder to shoulder firings are planned with Culver and Indiana.
daily, refused to use this sobriquet until after the season was half over. —fc— Colored basketballs are nothing new ... As far back as 1875 red balls were widely advertised and very much in use. » —^fc— Paul Christman, Bill Cunningham and Bob and Bud Ork, four of Missouri’s better footballers, have played on the same teams for six years ... They attended high school at Maplewood, a St. Louis, Mo., suburb.
Most of the netmen’s physical labors last night were spent in ball handling and shooting under the baskets. “Piggy” chased his charges through several forms of elimentary drill in an effort to help them regain the top form of adept trickery and fancy ball handling that the Boilermaker teams of the past have thrown around. Sophomores Star Standing out in yesterday’s workout were a group of sophomores who at the present time are causing a number of returning regulars no end of worry. Frosty Sprowl, who ran the varsity ragged in last year’s frosh-varsity tilt, and Donald Blanken, a former member of Illinois’ all-state squad, are showing Coach Lambert that he need have no fear about the Boilermakers’ talent at the forward posts. Tickets for the Frosh-Varsity game Monday night at 7:30 p. m. in the Fieidhouse, may be obtained at Southworth’s, Deac’s, Decker’s, and at the door for 25 cents. Although Monday’s game and the Thursday night opener with Western Illinois State Teachers will probably present an opening lineup composed entirely of veterans, several newcomers besides the abovementioned pair will get a chance to show their ability before the home fans. John Tierney, fast moving guard from Chicago, who has been working along side of Captain Fred Beretta lately, and Charles Caress. Paul Pauline, and John Conrad, all newcomers, are expected to see plenty of action at guard. Weber At Center Forest Weber, a towering performer from Plainfield, will carry most of the center burden, although William Neutzel, a sophomore, and Burton Brinkerhoff, another tall lad, cannot be counted out of the race for the center post. Brinkerhoff is a transfer student from Manchester College where he was regarded as one of the most likely looking prospects in years. l-tA Schedules * BASKETBALL Monday Court 1—C. Luce. 7:00—Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 4. 7 :15—Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 16. 8:15—^Ward 26 vs. Ward 3T. 8:30—Ward 10 vs. Ward 6. Court 2—^N. Hill. 7 :00—Cary Hall 8 vs. Cary Hall 14. 7 :16—Cary Hall i3 vs. Cary Hall 1, 8:15—Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 7. 8:30—Ward 12 vs. Ward 36. Court 3—Kinder. 7:00—Cary Hall 10 vs. Cary Hall 11. 7:16—Cary Hall 12 vs. Cary Hall 9. T:16—^Watd 34 vs. Ward 35. t .30—Ward 24 vs. Ward 30.
Don’t Let Your Spirit Lag
In the short period between the football and basketball seasons keep up the old Boilermaker spirit. We bad a great football season and are planning for even greater success in basketball.
Peter Anderson Garage
525 Alabama 24 Hour Service
Phene 4048 After You We Come FlrtfNew WRH Boasts 350 Joes Per Day; Grill Offers Food And Entertainment
By Ruth Rose Since its recent opening, the new WRH Grill has been one of the most popular “joe” spots on the campus. An average of 350 people have been served each day. Complete Line The Grill, which is located in the recreation room of the new West Residence Hall is open to all residents and their friends. A complete line of fountain goods, sandwiches, confections, and fruit is offered to the patrons. A self-service system is maintained. The spacious room has been furnished with light maple tables and chairs, several ping pong tables, and a nickelodian, enabling guests to play cards, ping pong or to dance. Less energetic patrons may enjoy a coke or a Sunday night snack in front of the lighted fireplace Open Till 12:45 The^^ Grill is open on week days from 4 p. m. until 10:45; on Saturday from 3.p. m. until 12:45 a. m.; on Sunday morning from 10 until 12, and Sunday evening from 4 until 10:45. Rosemary Frick, HE ‘38, has been named assistant in charge of the Grill. Miss Frick studied at the University of Chicago. WSGA Sophomores Meet On Wednesday Mary Jane Carr and Treva Berry will be the speaker’s at the WSGA sophomore .school which will be held on. Wednesday, December 6, in Room C of the Union at 4 o’clock. A discussion of faculty-student relations will be given by Mary Jane Carr, and Treva Berry, chairman of the Social Committee, will explain the work of her group. At the last meeting on Thursday, '’methods of electing officers and class representatives for the organization were explained by Marianna Wilson, who is election chairman for the WSGA this year. Libby Barnes and Margaret Saurer, who are in charge of the annual orientation programs sponsored by WSGA, explained the methods of choosing the counselors. Training schools are now being held on just one day each week instead of two, as has previously been the policy.
Well, after getting off to a false start earlier in the season. Campus Varieties will start the season again this afternoon at 3 p. m. over WBAA. Originating this year from the grill lounge of the west WRH, through the permission of Miss Schleman, director of WRH, the show tomori’ow features Harry Me- . Crady’s music. At the time of this writing, Pat Heine, vocalist, was unable to appear on the show and no one had, as yet, been found to take her place. Both NBC and CBS will car^ the Army-Navy game this afternoon. Starting at 12:15 on both nets. Bill Stern will describe it for NBC and Ted Husing for CBS. —e-e— What’s this ? Is Benny Goodman slipping? News has just come in that starting Jan. 6, Bob Crosby’s Dixieland Swingsters will take over Benny Goodtrian’s orchestra on theCamel Caravan.
We have had several inquiries asking if the Hit Parade was still on the air. It can be heard tonight at 8 p. m, over CBS through WBBM. Barry Wood,. Bea Wain, and Mark Warnow’s orchestra will supply the tunes. Pans of Glen Gray’s orchestra may hear it tonight on CBS at 12:30 and tomoi’i’ow night at 10:15 on Mutual. Metropolitan Opera followers may hear “Die Meistersinger” today at 12:25 over the blue net. of NBC.. The program, barring changes, will probably come through WENR.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Department Of Applied Design Exhibits Art Work Showing examples of student woi’k from the John Herron Art School in Indianapolis, the AppliedDesign Department is sponsoring an exhibition of water colors in still life, landscapes and commercial advertising. The work, which is representative of that done at the Institute, also includes art projects for magazines, designs for murals, and interior decorating plates. Any interested students and townspeople are invited to see the traveling exhibit, which is being held in Building No. 2, of the Home Economics Department. Hoosier 4-H Group
Competes Tomorrow Sunday the Aeromodelers will |ry their wings. A contest is to be held indoors in the Pieldhouse from 1 to 5. The contest will be limited to tissue covered models with no more than 30 square inches of lifting surface. The model that averages the highest in three flights will be declared the winner. The contest is open to members of the club and students of the University. Richard Obarski gave a ,talk at the regular meeting in conjunction with Sunday’s contest. Obarski is the former holder of two indoor world’s records. The public is invited to attend the contest, and is asked to enter the east entrance of the Fieldhouse.
To Attend Congress faculty Members
University students are invited to attend classes in shorthand,, bookkeeping, typing, Spanish, and business English, conducted by Ruth A. Kirkpatrick, supervisor of WPA for Indiana. . Classes will be held at Jefferson High School from 7 to 9 p. m. on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday evenings of each week.
Notices No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Freshman and Sophomore Ags: Meeting for editorial assistants and freshmen and sophomores interested in working on the Agriculturist staff will be held in' the Engineer office Monday, December 4, at 7:30 p. m. —FINLEY.
Sophomore Union Workers: Important meeting of my committee on Monday, December 4, at 4 p. m. in Union office. The following students please report: Tafel, Nothman, Corya, Heigle, Kenworthy, Peterson, Thompson, Karras, Spieth, Jones. —HOFPER.
Wesley Foundation:' Regular council breakfast Sunday, December 8, at 8 a. m. —McFADDEN,
Mortar Board: Meeting Sunday; December 8, at 6 p. m. in room A of the Union'. Attendance compulsory unless excused. , . —SAURER.
Alpha Phi Omega: All members and pledges please contact Yates at 4096 or McCammon at 6089 immediately. (12-2) —YATES.
Christian Science Organization: The regular meeting will be held Tuesday, December 6, at 7:80 o. m. in room G of the Union. —FRANTZREB. Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Regular meeting at 6 p. m. Tuesday, December 6, at Sigma Nu house. —CATTERALL.
Wesley Players: Tryouts for Christmas play will be held Sunday, December 8, at 2 p. m. at the Foundation house. Students interested in production should come to tryouts. —^BROONE.
Including eight representatives who will compete for national honors, the Hoosier delegation of 26 girls and 26 boys will leave here shortly before noon tomorrow, arriving in Chicago early in the afternoon for the National 4-H Club Congress. Headquarters will be established in. the Stevens Hotel. Accompanying the group are Mary Wilsey, Edna Troth, W. R. Amick, and J. C. Ralston, of the University 4-H Club department, along with Helen Johnson, home demonstration agent at Richmond, and S. M. Gregory, assistant county agricultural agent at Rochester.
Tonight at 8 p. m.. Arch Oboler will present three short, plays on his. program heard over WMAQ. The plays are Hometown, The Circle, and State Executioner. —e-e— Ted Fio-Rito’s orchestra takes over the seat of honor of the Fitch Bandwagon tomorrow night at 6:30. 73 for today.
To Attend Meeting Annual meeting of the Aiperican Society of Mechanical Engineers will be attended by five members of the University faculty at the end of this week. Dr. G. A. Hawkins will present a paper on the viscosity of steam, while Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, Prof. C. A. Beese, Prof. E. S. Ault, and Dean A. A. Potter will attend the general sessions and various committee meetings.
Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting for actives and pledges Monday, December 4, at 4 p. m. in reading room of the EE building. Imperative that all attend and make final decisions for Chicago trip; —KEEN. Delta Rho Kappa: Initiation and banquet Wednesday, December 6, at 6 p. m. in the Old Chestnut room. —ESTEY.
Table Tennis: All students interested in table tennis report to table tennis room ■in field house, Saturday, December 2, at 2:00 p. m. —DARMER.
Sophomore Union Workers: Important committee meeting outside of the Student Union office Monday, December 4, at 4 p. m. The following are expected to be present: Brandt, E. Ford, F. Douglas, O. Good, D. Miller, J. Shaver, M. Kirkpatrick, Hawkins, M. Craig, V. Reed, Moon. —HULS.
Dolphin Members and Pledges: The Dolphin-Triton Swim has been postponed until 8:00 p. m. Tuesday, December 5, 1989. at the Women’s pool. No swim Thursday. —OBENCHAIN.
Pistol Group: The sixth and last novice pistol group will start firing Tuesday December 6. —^HOLMES.
Bowling Committee: Meeting at 4 p. m., Monday, December 4, in the Union office. The following please attend: H. Evans, R. Kemper, R. Mayfield, Ferrer, F. Merrlell, N. Shane, Truman, C. Kem, H. Groper, E. Poor, L. Lock, M. Munning, E. Young. —SEIBERT.
Roger Williams Club: Annual Thanksgiving picnic at Big Rock on' the Tippecanoe, Saturday, December 2. Meet at 2 o’clock at the West Lafayette Baptist Church. Transportation free. 26c for supper. —SWANSON.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALEt—Model T Ford coupe. New battery, tires and tubes. Heater. Dependable transportation. Phone 86801.
Triton Club: There will be a meeting with the 'Dolphin Club at p. m. Tuesday night at the Women’s swimming pool. —SPEARS.
Reamer Actives: Cars will lea've the east entrance of the Union as late as 6:80 p. m. Saturday, December 2. All those who want transportation to the initiation be at the entrance before 6:30. —REILEY.
Scrivener Club.: Meeting Sunday, December 3, at 7:30 p. m. at .326 Chauncey. Bring manuscripts. —MUNRO,
A. I. Ch. E.: Membership cards and student chapter bulletins may be obtained in Professor Shreve’s office. (12-4) ' —MEYERS.
Lutheran Students: There will be a regular meeting of Lambda Kappa Sunday, December 3, at 7:30 in the Union building. Everyone invited. —ALEXANDER.
FOR SALE—Typewriters;. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Dolphin Peldges: Initiation in -Fieldhouse pool at 4:30 p. m. Sunday, December 8. Formal initiation will be held Tuesday at 7 p. m. in room 104 of the Fieldhouse, followed by a mixed swim with Tritons at 8 p. m. in the women’s pool. —HARRIS.
Wesley Foundation: The Wesley Foundation will hold its second roller skating pari ty on Saturday evening, December 2. Games will begin at the Foundation at 8:80, followed by refreshments. Tickets are 25 cents but will be free to all who bring . cars. Those wishing to go should sign at the Foundation House, 486 State St. as soon as possible. —HARRIS.
Religious Council: Meeting Monday, December 4, at 4 p. m. in room C of the Union. —SWOPE.
Gimlet Pledges: Important meeting Monday night, December 4, at Delta Tau Delta house after the freshman'-varsi^ basketball game. —FRAZEE.
FOR SALE—Li C. Smith typewriter, factory rebuilt: excellent condition; $30. 611 Dodge, Phone 36484.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, December 2, by schools, as follows:
CE 6 Students: Examination for the removal of C or I grades in Surveying (CE 6) will be given on Saturday, December 2. Students may obtain permits in' Room 102, Civil Engineering building. —LOMMBL.
By LIdity
Midnighf Show Tonite —* M : 15 p. m.
B^. V. 8. pRt Off^AU ri(bts resenred
“You better call Grandpa—-he knows more about this than Ido!”
HE GETS "AROUND" He's no Robert Taylor, perhaps, but you can be sure that there are mighty few feminine hearts that aren't all fluttery about him just the same! HIS SECRET He knows the value of smart, personal appearance. For one thing . . . he only wears "Dated Laundered Shirts." They're the shirts that are laundered so carefully that Crown Laundry can afford to make a one year guarantee on them . . . provided they're laundered by Crown Laundry exclusively. Crown Laundry r~l NE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Why Auction?
Just Advertise m the
i
a