>
‘
I
'ilh
MERRY-GO-ROUND Believes Long Range Fighters Will Come Next
Established 1889
W Do You Know A Better One?
TRADITION STOPS Dance For Sailors On Week-Day Nights
Volume 56, No. 23
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, June
1$, 1943
Opera
X'
Star Will Appear At Friday's Convo
James Meltoii
Lord Halifax To Visit University Monday Afternoon ^ y ——
Ambassador To Speak
At 2 P.M. In Music Hall
Briton Will Tour Campus, Airport, Housing Project
University Military Band Announces
Promotion Of Officers
Lord Halifax, British Ambassador to the United States, will speak at a convocation open to the public Monday afternoon at 2 o’clock in the Music Hall. University classes will be dismissed from‘ 2 to 3 p. m. He will arrive here in the company of W. H. Gallienne, consul general at Chicago, Col. the Hon. Angus McDonnekand Prof. F. C. Hockema, who will accompany the party from Indianapolis. To Tour Campus In honor of the occasion, a luncheon will be given for the ambassador in the Union Ipeforethe convocation and afterwards a tour of the campus will be undertaken by the visitors escorted by President Elliott. Inspection of the campus proper, the adjoining farm, the airport, the Housing Research campus and the engineering labs will be included in the schedule which will require a minimum of time since the ambassador will speak at a dinner in Indianapolis Monday evening. Lord Halifax, Gallienne and McDonnel have all been associated with war to a certain extent, both in the present and in the last conflict. Lord Halifax served as an officer in the Yorkshire Dragoons in the first World War, and was made an honorary colonel of the regiment in 1935. He'has had three sons in the present war, one of whom was killed in action, another who lost both legs, while a third and a son-in-law are in the middle east serving in the British army. W. H. Gallienne was boYn in the Isle of Guernsey in 1897 where he left school at the age of 17 to enlist in the British army. He saw action in France and the following year, 1915, he was made an officer, one of the youngest in the British army. Seriously Wounded In 1917 In 1917 he was seriously wounded and was not expected to live; however, after two years of hospital treatment, he was discharged as permanently disabled. He then entered the consular service and after serving in Marseilles, France, and Algiers, North Africa, he was transferred to Chicago as vice-consul. Last summer he was made consul general after a period in the service during which he has lived in more than 40 c(^untries. The Honorable Angus McDonnel is also a veteran of World War I and has been active in military and political life in England. The convocation is open to the public and no requirements have been put on admission to the meeting.
Twenty-Four Receive New Assignments
Annual Ag Conference Will Meet Next Week . Teachers To Convene At University For Three Day Session In Union
To Sing Here Fame Comes From Holes In' 'Mme. Butterfly/ 'Manon'
Promotions and assignments of commissioned and non - commissioned officers of the Purdue Military Band were announced Thursday evening by Prof. P. S. Emrick, Director. Bvt. Captain and Executive Officer and Military Officer, R. F.
The University will be host to the Twenty-ninth Annual Conference of Vocational Agriculture Teachers on June 21, 22 and 23. Each day of the convention has been specially designated, Monday to be known as Victory Day, Tuesday as Professional Day and Wednesday as Technical Day. All general sessions of the conference are scheduled to be held in the East and West Fac-
LORD HALIFAX
Shaip; Bvt. 1st Lieut, and Assistant to the Director and Concertnieister, J. A. Shaw; Bvt. 1st Lieut, and Band Adjutant, R. J. Reed; Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and Supply Officer, H. W. Jones. Technical Sergt. and Technical Officer, D. E. Gault; Technical Seigt. and Band Librarian, J. J. Bonner; Staff Sergt. and Band Quartermaster, J. L. Shelton; Staff Sergt. and Detail Officer, W. R. Pavelchek; Staff Sergt. of the Music Detail, A. R. Balitz; Staff Sergt. and Publicity Officer, R. A. Chap-
ulty Lounges of the Union Building, and the banquet will be located in the North Ballroom of the Union Building. Registration from 8 to 10:15 a. m. Monday will be held in the faculty lounges under the supervision of Harold B. Taylor, Secretary of the Indiana Vocational Agriculture Teachers’ Association and
itinerate teacher trainer.
Following registration the opening session of the conference will be held with Bruce Hardy, Scottsburg, president of the I. V. A. T. A.,
Ag Engineers Discuss Food Problems Here
man; Staff Sergt. and Personnel presiding. Harry F. Ainsworth,
Officer, J. L. Snyder; Staff Sergt., Assigned to Headquarters Office, I.
J. Gross.
New Sergeants, Corporals Sergeant, Technical Detail, U. F. Carter; Seigt. of the Equipment Detail, D. M. Hodgin; Sergt. of the
State Supervisor of Agricultural
Agricultural engineers from all parts of the country will convene here tomorrow and Monday for their 36th annual convention, which will pertain to food production problems. Discussion on current government
Chair and Rack Detail, J. H. Gram- Pearson of the U. S. Office of Educaelspacker; Sergt. of the Percussion tion in Washington, D. C., will be
Education, will speak at the open- policies on farm machinery, elecing session. trical equipment, building mateTo Discuss Vocational Agriculture and other supplies by repreThe second session from 1:15 to sentatives of various fedeial agen4:45 p. m. Monday will be presided will highlight the program, over by C. H. Elliott, Angola. J. H. Elliott To Speak
Speakers for the conference will include President Elliott; Wheeler
By John Jameson James Melton, leading tenor of the Metropolitan Opera Association, will appear in a convo Friday night at 7:30 in the Music Hell* The doors will open at 7 p. m. Admission will be by student passport, season ticket or stogie admission on sale at windows for $1.10, including tax. Melton is famous for his performances of such roles as Alfredo in ‘Traviata”, Pinkerton in “Mme Butterfly”, des Grieux in “Manon’*, and Wilhelm Meister in “Mignon”. Melton’s rare combination of talents has held audiences fascinated ever since the very beginning of his career as a great tenor. His ever-widenipg public has followed him with waxing interest and warming admiration through his first radio programs, his American and European concert tours, his motion pictures, and his niiparalled rise in opera to that pinnacle of singing reknown, leading tenor of the Metri> polition Opera Company. Native Of South James Melton is an American, a native'of the South. No European product of European teachers is he, but an American-bqrn and American-made genius. He was educated in American schools and colleges, and re-
ceived his voice training and operatic training in this country also. A fluent linguist, Ee interprets with equal skill the folk songs and ballads of America and the musical and d?*" matic moods of France, Italy and Germany. James Mielton's tonal quality is of such
Detail, R. A. Henley; Sergt. of the among the speakers at this session. McMillen, editor of Farm Journal flexibility that he can render with equal sldll
W. H. GALLIENNE
Dr. Mundel Directs Engineers' Course
licity Detail, W. R. Sedlacek.
Nineteen employees of an aluminum plant in Phoenix, Arizona, recently completed a course in Time and Motion Study under the diVection of Dr. M. E. Mundel, assistant professor of industrial engineering.
William Shaweross
. . . former University student, has received his navy “Wings of Gold” and has been commissioned
an Ensign in the Naval Reserve. He coached through the primary phases
Quarters Detail, K. S. Pyle; Sergt. Mr. Pearson will speak on “The and Farmer’s Wife; Dr. M. L. Wilof the Supply Detail, R. F. Harrer; Function of a Department of Voca- son, director of extension work for Sergt. of the Music Detail, M. D. tional Agriculture in the Present the U. S. Department of Agricul-
Reed. Situation”. ture.
Corporal of the Supply Detail, F. Professor Fiank R. Hall of the Dean H. J. Reed, School of AgriK. Bass; Corporal of the Percus- Department of History, Economics culture of the University; Dean A. Sion Detail, P. W. Whear; Corporal Government, will speak at the A. Pptter, School of Engineering, of the Music Detail, C. T. Harmon; banquet Monday evening. Commit- and Harry B. Walker, head of agCorporal of the Quarters Detail, G. charge of the banquet is: ricultural engineering at the UniW. Isaacs; Corporal of the Equip- F. W. Wiltz, H. B. Haylor and W. versity of California and president ment Detail, S. J. Bonham; Corporal C. Kolb. of the American Society of Agriof the Chair and Rack Detail, Wj Among the subjects to be dis- cultural Engineers, will also speak. E. Shearer; Corporal of the Pub- cussed at the Tuesday morning Peterson, billiard trick-shot
meeting are: “Limitations of Voca- expert, and pfesident of the Ameritional Agriculture , Developing a Billiard Association, will preBalanced and Comprehensive Pro- sent an exhibition tomorrow at 7:3Q gram in Vocational Agriculture , in the Union billiard room in connec-
and “Dehydration”.
Two moving pictures, “Military Training” and “Faim Work Simpli-
Approximately 40 canner techni- fication”, will be shown for the concians finished a refresher course ference at 7 p. m. Tuesday in Eliza Thursday under the direction of the Fowler Hall. Indiana and National Canners’ as- To Discuss Farm Problems sociation and given at the Univer- Problems of the farm and farm sity by agents of the United States management will be discussed durDepartment of Agriculture and na- ing the Wednesday sessions of the tional canneries. conference with members of the Beginners in the work weye University staff in charge.
Group singing for the conference
Canner Technicians Complete Course
tion with the convention.
Student Wears Knickers To Class
will be assigned to one of the navy’s of the instruction last week so that will be under the direction of Virgil air opciation training centers be- they could complete the course with Telfer of Martinsville, and F. L. fore being assigned to a combat the 30 who came to take the re- McReynolds of the University will zone. fresher course beginning Monday, be in charge of recreation.
Proof of the fact that the nation’s cradles are being robbed to populate college and university campuses was the student seen entering the English Building at 2 p. m. last Thursday for his last afternoon class. The eager young man was proudly sporting a pair of natty knickers neatly buckled below the
knee.
and feeling such contrasting arias as *Le Reve” from “Manon” and “E Lucevan le Stelle” from “Tosca”. His diction, phrasing and breath control have been compared to those of John McCormack when the great Irishman'was in his prime, and he has McCormack’s power to arouse, control and guide ^ the passions of his audience at will. Usually Gives Four Encores <’ Melton’s performances are not unusually followed by as many as four encores; he has been a hit wherever he has sung—Baltimore, Chicago, Cincinnati, Toronto, Detroit, Milwaukee, Toledo, New York, Washington, D. C., St. Paul, Worcester. _ Audiences and reviewers everywhere are lyrical about his magnetic personality. Metton’s write-ups by conservative and discerning critics contain such phrases as “held things in the hollow of his hand”, “a great singer”, “excetpionally enjoyable concert*’, “controlled, sophisticated, versatile”, “His ovation last night was the popular clinmy ^ the program ... the customary Melton fvh rore”. Music lovers can look fomard with anticipation to his appearance here next Friday night.
George Stein Reposes 41 Years In Solitude
Bardo Will Feature Shane draining school
Completes First Year
Stone ^an Never Claimed; Shrinks To Two-Thirds Of Original Size; ,On Exhibit By Mary Ruth Erb Not many people have ever seen a stone man, but at the Soller-Baker Funerkl Home, Fourth and Alabama streets, Mr. George Stein has remained in stony silence Tor the past 41
years.
A prominent and well-known Lafayette man, Mr. Stein was a Prudential insurance salesman for several years. Later in life, he retired from business activity. From time to time, German im-
Band Will Play Until 12; Coed Hours Extended To 2
recting his own orchestra in con-
tinental cafes.
Ballrooms of the Union are expected to resemble somewhat the appearance of a Military Ball tonight with a number of University men now in the service returning for the gala summer prom, scheduled for 8:30 and featuring the music of Bill Bardo and his orchestra. Maestro Bardo has been contracted to play until 12 with ! coed hours being extended un- ^ . til 2 a. m. The dance will inWai'hing elude many variety stunts as
Last minute details being completed, the decoiations committee announced that the backdrop for the dance will consist of draped rose and gray cambric studded with pas-tel-colored ciepe flowers. In front of all this splendor will be old English spangled letters reading “Summer Prom”.
,-11.11 J migrants have stopped to see Stein,
When his health began to
fail, Mr. Stein requested that takers that the man does have after his death his body be em- wealthy relatives in Geimany, but
balmed until some of his they have never been heaid from.
The Summer Prom tonight is ex- Bardo’s organization features pected to resemble somewhat the Sally Shane, VOCalist; Col. Marappearance oi' the military ball as vin “Ace” Hamby, Comedian; a number of University men now in “Piffles” Jaeger and the “W. P. A.
Tickets, which have been on sale the past week in front of the Sweet Shop, may be purchased at the door for $1,65. Dancing will be in both ballrooms.
Tenth Company Receives V93 Certificates At Graduation Exercises In Music Hall Graduation of the Tenth Company of the University Nav^l Training School Thursday night in the Hall of Music marked the first anniversary of the establishment of the Naval Training School at the University. The graduation exercises were open to the public. Commander Hugh J. Bartley, commanding officer of tfie school, addressed the Tenth ■
Penalty Days
the service of your country.” Bartley Awards Certificates Commander Bartley awarded oer-
... .J tificates to the graduates, half of great organizations, he said, whom received electrician’s naati^
Company of 193 graduates. *‘The Naval School at Purdue represents the union of two
wealthy relatives from Germany, and the chances are that they never where he was born, could and would will be after the war, so it looks as if
send for his remains, or otherwise
dispose of them. But they never claimed man.
did.
Mr. Stein is destined to bo an un-
(See GEORGE STEIN, page 4)
service n ill be back for the event. Army and Navy regulations require all to wear uniforms every place except in the privacy of their own homes when no guests are present.
Boys”. Organized Two Years Ago Bardo oiganized his present band two years ago and has just returned from abroad where he has been di-
Friday, July 2 and Tuesday, July 6 are penalty days. A stu-, dent who is absent from class on either of these two days will be assessed a fee of $5.00 for each day or fraction there of missed.
‘Without skilled instructors ratings. There followed specks!
and administrators, your gradua- awards. Lt. (jg) Lee Somers* com-
tion could not have been achieved, pany commander, presented a spfi-
Without the Navy of the United -cial award to Knolton Memthew of States your opportunity for knowl- ^Unt, Mich., for the highest edge and skill would never have astic record. The award for been possible. Use it steadfastly in (See NAVAL GRADS, ptg*•C
Fage 2
Purdtie Exponent
Saturday, June 19, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices Editorial and Business Pip^e A^etmorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, PIPIdhbUSe, PhoVile 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Honorafij' Editor
jWitor
Honorary BuaincBS Mananer
With the Colors
William G Hoskins
Dale F Bntz
Gerhard H Klouman
Editor Business Manaser ' News Editor Managing Editor Afl^Drtismg Manager BPorte'^toiti COed Editor
Kobert W Boswlnklc IVtari Dills Sallv Dcall Donald E Brewer A Jane Kcim Joseph S Dawson Jean Lauor
r Publication Staff Editorial Stalf Associate Edltdts H B AbhrU C C Martindcll E F Mi _-,phy W, tt Tyson W L Vermilion C J Wilbur iStitlt Ruth Ford Madelyn Grotnes Katherine liowes Sports Staff R M Lipes R J Smith C E Sonards
^ Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager C L Gaunt Layoff! Direetot J B Tabb CircnlaDon Manager R G Sanerman
'Cfitor in Chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue
Sports Fdilor Llpcs ay i:.aiiur Issue Editor ttropf Workers Jameson Margolis Woorncr Erb Ward Slcffc Baynes
Night Mitof Mhrtindell Day Editor Howes
Enteted as second class matter at the post office in Lafay cite Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 18 b anB at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3 I'll author red January 20 l')22 Published on Tuesday Thursday and Saturday mornings dui ing the year except certa n vacation per o Is Delivere 1 daily by carrier for #1 2o for a semester by mail tor 81 60 for a semester Subsci iptions mav be ol tamed it the Lxjonent office or at the West Desk of ti e Union Represented tor i at onal advertis ng by Natioi al Advert a Ing Service Inc College Publisheis Representatives 420 Madison Ave Ne v 'iork N Y
Neal Mulvihill of Andeison who has completed the ten weeks training comt>e has been assigned to duty on a mci chant ship as a membei of the U S Mei chant Ma rinefa At the end of bix months of sea duty he will bfi asbigned to the Mei chant Manne Academy at Kings Point Long Island N Y foi eight months ol ad vaptied tiainmg Mulvihill is a foimei Univeisitj stu dent
isesii'e S. Wheeler
recently of the University has been commineioned a Second Lieutenant in the Aimy An Forces *t Turner Field, Ga Aviation Cadets aie sent to Turner Field for their final phase of training befoie receiving then commissions as Second Lieutenants
Tradition Trouble As soon as a imiveisity finishes its fiist building and hopefully plants its fiist ivj, it industiiously staits on the next stage of its development — collecting traditions Puidue has been collecting foi a long enough time that its tiaditions can be duided into the three groups which include all tiaditions, those which should be pieseived and passed on, those which should be thiown out altogether and those which should be flexible enough to be set aside on occasion At Purdue, where, as each ciop gf freshmen IS carefully told, students worl^ haid during the week and play haid on the week ends, theie IS a veiy strong tiadition to the effect that theie shall be no dancing dining the week Convocations^ Yes Tiade dinneis'* Certainly Dance classes'^ Veiy uplifting Dances*^ Honors' Therefore when the Navy decided to give a very piopei dance for one hundred coeds and an equal number of hand picked Navy men in the leiy piopei atmosphere of the Union Faculty Lounges, the administiation upon being mfoimed that such a paity was to take place upon a Wednesday night, immediately frowned severely, and, lo, the dance was off A dance given by the Navy ob\ lously would have to be on eithei Wednesday night oi Sat urday night, oi there would be no Navy pies ent to have its morale raised Pan Hellenic council, the group which the Navy approached when it felt the paity-giving spirit, has been repeatedly urged by various dignitaiies to have the girls do something foi the boys so they leceived the dance mviation with pleas ure Having decided to “do something foi the boys”, Pan Hel, natuially wishing to make the affaii a success, chose Wednesday night irturdei to be sure that theie would be no diffi cplty in gathering in one bundled coeds Es cortsei vices were ai ranged, and the band was hired, to play until 10 30, well within the lim its set by coed houis The Navy men and the coeds were feeling quite pleasant toward each othei^ a condition much to be desired Then came the cease and desist oidei and the cxpeii mental pai ty was dead, bumped off very neat ly by Umveisity guaidians ol the tiaditional El en if students always woiked only dining the week and neier eaincd the right to relax on a week night by devoting a week end or ten to prepaiing lepoits and studying foi Monday tests, the tiadition that oigamzed social activities should be confined to week ends descries to be respected most of the time But if ever it could wisely be loi gotten, now IS the time —s i b
YUSHIMTOH MElHIY-«0-itda(D By DREW. PEARSON New German Plane Causes Heavy Louises Among Day Bombers Witbout- Fighfrers WASHINf TON—\ Geim in plane that flies at the tcirifle speed of s)\ miles i minute ind fiios shells at the late of 10 pei second was espohsible foi knocking 26 U b Flving Foitiesses out of the lu ovei Kiel and Biemcn on unlucky Tune II This lb the latest type of Messei schmitt fightei known as the 109 G 2 An Foices expeits idmit it is hot stuff and that it is causing casualties when big foimatiOns of Flying Foitiesses pcneti itc Gtimin skies without fightci protection The Geimaii fightei s aic not bcttei than the Amei lean I ightilings oi rhuiideibolts oi th in Biitish bpit files but Ameiic in and Biitish fightcis ean t he theie to ciiiy out the compuison When U S bombeis make then dayligllt laids on the Continent they penc tiate faithei than fightei planes with limited i inge, can fly Thus the bombeis must depend on then own guns and then own iimoi Ihey fly at 226 to 250 miles in houi compaicd with 350 to 390 made by the Geiman fightei s The Na7i gun which is doing most of the damage is a 20 mm cannon which fires at the i ite of 700 shells pel minute (But it ean lire for onij a few seconds at a time then must stop to cool off ) Both the Mcsseischmitt and the Focke Wulf fight CIS aic lepoited to hive been impiovcd this spiing ovei the models which gave U S an men plenty of tiouble list fall rheJT'ockc Wull is believed to hive a speed of 390 mph ind caiiics foui cannon and two m icliine guns while the Messei schmitt has also been bi ought up to the 390 speed with similai nmimcnt Aiimen who iic pi inning the big show ovei the Continent this summci insist that the loss of 2b bombeis in i single day is not il liming in view oi the icsults these lesults iie (1) Destiuction of in dustiial t ugets (2) Desti uetion of Gciman iiieiaft (3) Withdi iw il of Geim in planes fiom othci fionts especially the Russiin fiont foi the defense of the west It docs not follow howeiei th it IJ S i nils will continue to be ns cosflj as the one oiei Kiel on (lu unlueky day ot hme H Obiious answei to tlu se losses is file long i inge lightci iiigcd upon the An Corps sevoni veils ago by M ipn dc Sticisk} who who was soundly icbuffcd by flic biass Ints PeiInps now eighi years iftoi Scveisky urged if a long nngo fighfti mil be deieloped to iiceompiny bombeis and w ud off Ceiminv s deadly new fightci pi me Whife House Grass M inj i household ugument his developed ovei whcthci its ncecssaiy t( itmive the gi iss cuttii gs iftci mowing the 1 iwn—eitnei by e itching the tut tings in i eaiiici oi by laking the 1 iwn aitci waid Hcie IS the inswei of William Reeves White House g iidenci the best system is to 1 ecp the glass shoit by cut ting it it le 1st once i wetli Then yiu won t hive to 1 il e up the clippings Pul il the gi iss gets too till the cuttii gs will lie theie ind biuii out the 1 iw i Giidenei Reeves explins tint is gi iss glows tall it becomes tendci ii d ittei i cutting the hot suii bill ns it up You e in s ivc i lot ol i aking oi h ii d luishing it j ou will set the lawnmower bl ules high^—iboiil IL oi 2 inches from the bed knife to the siiif icc of the gioiind —and cut the 1 iw n it least once i week I hen the griss cuttings ean be allowed to he without intiifci ing with the growtliLit the 1 iw ii In fact they will toim a mulch oi lertih/ei But il tlie mltings ue long enough to he on top ind tuin blown (hen tliev should be raked off As foi the White House 1 iwn Giidenci Rtovc admits that the we^wcithei his biought up i eio]) of weeds which his she it h ii ded stiff c in t ope with We h ivcn t quite enough help le siys to 1 ecp the 1 iwn IS we woul 1 111 o to Bit in wiitime 1 sup pose you li ive to s lei ifiec lool s i little bit Production Shortcomings J he Senate Wu Mohili? ition tfinnitt e he uk I by Sen itoi Hu ley M ivilgoie ot West Vii ini i will tile a hefty indiicet willo] it Jol i 1 lewis in i foitheoming icpoit on wu pioduction pioblems While not mentioning I ewis ly nun the eemnuLLee will st ite in emneetion with the nunc wall outs Delibei ite lot idpg oi lestiieting f iioluetioi by inyonc dining waitimt is tieison Jlowcvei tl e committee will not loi fine its file tc J cwis It will ilso eiitiii/e the W i I if u B ud i ii idministi itivi fumbling m the eo U <u is Ihe blunt iclukc ol fiwis is sig ifii uiL Iceiuse New Deal ben itoi Kilgoic is one ol 1 ilx i s iiiiest fiicnds in ( oi giess J he Kilgoio itpoi t will ilso lugc ti it illofAmcii cm 1 iboi not 1 e biought to leeouiiL loi ihe letions oi OIK leidii will declue tli it I lie unewed diivc toi mu iiowei compnlsifn e in only eontiibuU ti fuithci doteiioi ition oi thi home ii mt ind will wiin th it despite the t nthiisi istie comments oJ Assist int Pi osi dent Byines on the viliimc if wu piodiietiin We otill aic not jiioducing to the limits ol oui c ip leitv The lepoi t will idd Wc hive cut back ot f iilcd to meet origin il [irii dutfion goals ig iin md again bet mse of 4 tijing latk ol policy piogi iinining md oigmi/ation (o leliicic ill out piodiietion lliis dcploi ible sitii ition applies foi e\ miple to the eseoit vessel high ott me g IS lubbei md ail pi me progi ims Wliilt oui aimy md illics tl imoi loi iiioic pio duetion huge slotkpilts of w u miteiiils lit m waic houses faetoiies md depots thioughout the n ition Mot lung OUI shoita„ts idle inientoiies of law in tft ri ils are found m in mi pi mts lilt Lonmuttec will iiigt fightti tonfiol ol initii tones mtl allotafions of raw and scnii 1 ibiit ited m i It I ills Also to oil set dwindling tivilian supplits it will be rttomniended tbit these be subjeeted to a bthtduluig bjstem is aie milifu> supplies Merry-Go-Round A contingent oi W A\ I S living at Mount Voinoii Seminaiy i tonvcited gills school m Wishmgton ait being gu udtd by i t imp inv ol Mu me who had seived on Guad dean il 'the WAVI & say Ihe Mi lints dor tneeltheii guns but wo do' Compacts and lipsticks hive it placed the eigai butts ol bettei d ivs in the Sen lit ] ess g dlcii A seme of leminii c lepoiteis h ive tal en the pi ices ot di died newsmen (Continued on page 4)
GRIN Alt) BEAR IT
By Liciity
WRH Will Hold Coed Tb CBedk Bid ^nte In South On Illegal C/se
‘ I tl ltd lo fix up this cut finger myself, Doctor, but all I could recall tiom my first aid course ivas ‘Keep Cool’ and “Remember Pearl Harbor ’
University Calendar
Saturday, june 19
9 30 A M Ind Com See Ass n 8 30 PM Mixei Summer Semester To End August 14 bummci teim classes will end on August 14 it noon instcid of Au gust 17 IS innounced in the Ihuis dav issue of the I xponenf Regis tl ition foi the fall teim his been cut down fiom the pieviou ly an nounced thice day pciiod to two d lys August 1 md Septimbci 1 Cl isses will begin offlei illv riiiiis d i\ Scptembei 4 1\ 1 g il i weel will lecomiiany the gi idu ition festivities iceddin,^ to I B Baugh oxeeutive seciet uy ol the Mumni Assoc ition since it is hold only once i i eai in the spnng Giadu ition d itcs icmun un eh ingcd commencement foi the ip pioximitcly 500 gi idu iting stu dents will t il e place on Sun 1 ly August 16 in the Music Hall
W Faculty Lgo Union Noith Ballioom Union
Hall Next Friday Night Women’s RbSidenco Halls will be hostesses at a setni formal dance Fiiday June 26 It is to be a coed bid dance and guls living outside WRH who wish to obtain bids may ask Residence Halls giils foi them Entei taming the danceis in South Hall will be Eddie Mack and his oi chestia from the Illinois campus North and Wood Halls will be used to take caie of the ovei flow fiom the dance Refiesliinents will be
seiwed m the Glill
The entei tainment is likely to be the last social function on the cam pus foi many boys who will be cn tciing the limed seivices in July Lt. John Matthews of the School of Civil Engi neeiing who is on leave of absence foi seivice with the U S Aimy En gineeis is now stationed at Coch lan An field at Macon Georgia He has wiitten fi lends that Otto E Kellei a 1926 giadu ite of Puidue and classmate Of Lieut Matthews is now a mvjoi in the Aimy An Coips Intelligence Division and is stationed it the s imo field E, Morehouse 40 giaduate in Home P co nomies his been appointed home dcmonstiation agent foi Pulaski County efleetive July 1 ind will have hci headquuteis in Winimic
Of Gas Cards Caieful checking of all vac ition spots m Indiana will be undei taken dining the next few months to check on illegal use of gasoline lation books accoidiiig to a statement issued by James D Stiiekland di lectoi of the Indianapolis district OPA office earhei this week The piogram will be earned out at fishing points scenic spots and other vacation-Flaunts in the state accoidmg to a plan diafted at a le gional meeting of 14 distiict OPA diicctois in Cleveland last week The survey iVill also be earned on throughout the midwest B C Rations Not For Pleasure Each holdei of an A book is en titled to 90 miles of pleasuie diiv mg eich month accoidmg to the diiectoi but supplemental B ind C lations aic foi essential mileage
only
Oui aim is not to deplive the motoiwt of a needed vac ition but wo must keep in mind that any ex tl a use of 1 ubbci it this time could not be justified in the light of what wo aie told aie oui picsent lubbei supplies he said Albert P. Brueckner who 1 eceived his M istei of Science dcgiee fiom the Umveisity in 1918 wis iwaidcd his dottoiatc it "i lie Umveisity at the annu il commencement excicises theie Di Biuecl nei icceivcd his b ithcloi s degiec liom Massachusetts St ite College
t
» ft
• l
I *« « t
haturiay, %ke %, Wh
Spdrts
BkLiXKtte chA/Xp, HEPE SUNDAY
WRIGHT LEADS diamondmEn in fieIduI'6
Campus Golf/ Tennis Tourneys Get Under Way
* 1 . -■ ■■■- <'1 ' ■■ - ‘ <■
Students^ Faculty/ Navy Men Are All Eligible
Wright's .976 Average Leads Riveter Fielders Wi^h the close of the l^oilermaker baseball season comes the fielding records of all the diamondmen Charley Wright, who spent about half of the season in right field and half of the season behind the plate, led the regulars of the teafn ih fielding
with a 976 average
Jim Jennings Was second among the regulars with a 973 average As is the usual case
with first basemen, Jennings had the largest number of fielding chances for the entire team when he handled 109 with only thiee eiiois Five members of the squad who not leffulais oi did not paiticipate in many games Went thiough '^he se ison without a flaw Two of these playeib weie catchers, Hog Clase m in and Wally Hesse The complete lecoids aie as fol
lows Player
PO
A
E
i Pet
Ilesse
28
5
0
1 000
R Ciaseman
21
4
5
1000
I Ciaseman
0
5
0
1 000
Stiam
3
1
0
1000
J Martin
2
0
0
1000
W) ight
55
7
1
976
Jennings
98
8
8
973
Iimm
7
22
1
967
Burghaidt
6
24
1
966
Misselhoin
18
37
2
965
Biugei
22
0
2
918
Kennedy
20
2
2
918
I iiend
20
0
2
909
Jankovic
7
13
2
909
Lmdebeig
4
1
1
834
Iimschei
27
24
11
826
A Mai tin
11
14
6
806
Lhlcr s )
1
4
2
714
Lcftwich
1
0
1
500
Baseball Skill Helps low a ns In (^fepadifi§ Pitching experience of Poy StiHe and the skill of Harpld Lipd m peg gmg balls in flora right field have helped those two former University of Iowa baseball stars to qualify for the “expert” rating in hurling hand grenades Stille and Lind now are marine privates at Parris Island, S C They report that their baseball training made it easy to master the precision bf hand grenade throwing Lmd Captain Of 1943 Team The pitcher last spring won three of four conference games and his control enabled him to strike out 35 batters and walk only 6 in 36 inn ings on the mound Lind who cap tamed the 1943 team, was noted for his throws from the outfield as well as for his 368 hitting The former lowans will end ‘ boot’ training soon and then will enter officer candidate school
• •
ON HOT AFTERNOONS COME DOWN AND COOL \ OFF IN THE BOWLING ALLEYS OPEN 4 P. M. TO 11 P. M.
MEET YOUR FRIENDS FOR AN AFTERNOON OF BOWLING. V IT’S FUN!
:jhL fiWlduJL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
■ • ' - —-— Ward And Fraternity Teams Slated To Start Final Softball Playoffs Playoffs for the summer intia mural softball tournament are scheduled to get under way WeJnes day June 23 The enliie intramural program has been very much dis lupted by bad weather and of the original twelve games that were scheduled for each team, only seven are being counted in the final stand
mgs
As announced by the intramural department the eight best teams from the wards will play in separate playoffs Every effort will be made to have the tournament completed by the first of July when many teams will be depleted by men going mto the Navy program Four Undefeated Squads Looking over the fraternity standings of last night, there are four squads with perfect records and several close behind with only one loss The leading teams and their rec ords are as follows Won Lost Army A 7 0 Army B 7 0 Lambda Chi Alpha 6 0 Phi Kappa Tau 6 0 Phi Delta Theta 6 1 Army C -6 1 Delta Upsilon 6 1 Sigma Chi 5 1 In the ward standings there are four teams with unblemished rec ords The leaders in the wards are as follows Won Lost
The Sports Wave
By Joe DaWson
Boilermaker Fower
Those final batting averages listed today show in figures the real power packed in the Boilermaker bats during the season just passed If we could just throw out a couple of those Conference games the tbam as a whole would have an average well over 300 Duffy Friend, veteran leadoff man and left fielder, made his last year his best one by poking out 19 hits for a brilliant 388 average Duffy was about the only one of the team who could consistently hit the Big Ten huilers
Batting At .415 Clip
After collecting three hits in the first Ohio State game he was batting at about a 415 clip But he failed on three trips to the plate m the Saturday tilt to wind up with the 388—still the best among the regulars When the Big Ten averages come out, you’ll probably see Friend’s name right up near the top Jim Jennings, after batting around 250 during the first hal^ of the season put on a fine rally during the rest of the way to end up with a creditable 333 mark p
Great' Lakes Here
The potent, star studded Great Lakes baseball team will make its first appearance of the season here next Tuesday night in a game with the Lafayette Red Sox out at Columbian Park Up to about a week ago the Bluejackets were beating everything in sight Since then they have lost to couple of big league teams but they are still the top service team in the nation The entire outfit including Mickey Cochrane Johnny Mize Vern Olson and a host of other former major league greats will be down so it should be a game well worth watching Naymick Comes Through If you watched the Cleveland Indians work out in the Fieldhouse this spring you can’t help but remember the long rookie hurler—Mike Nay mick—^trying for a regular berth on the Indians’ pitching staff A lot of people were a little doubtful of Big Mike’s ability then, but now these same people are being convinced just how wrong they were Day before yesterday the 6 ft 7 in rookie received credit for both wins over Detroit in a double header—the second victory being over Hal Newhouser, who has an earned run average of about 1 5 per game
ly
Batting Averages the batting averages of Paul Friend and Tom Burger were erro neously printed in the last issue of the Exponent Friends average for the season was 388 which makes him the leading hitter among the regulars for the season Pitcher Ed Timm topped the entire club with an average of 409 Burger’s correct average of 310 for the season places him fourth behind Jim Jennings in the standing of the regulars
Buy War Bonds
Charles Peterson probably the worlds greatest billiard trick shot artist will demonstrate his ability with the cue at 7 30 tomorrow night 111 the South Ballroom of the Union Peterson is appearing under the auspices of the American Society of Agriculture Engineers Tickets for the exhibition can be obtained free of charge at 4 p rn tomorrow at the west dpsk of the Union Famous For 48 Years The name of Peterson is famous and revered wherever two cue sticks get together and has been for 48 years Since 1923 he has concen tinted on the tuck shot phase and the bigger job of being a self ap pointed missionary of the game With his charming manner his con tagious love and respect for billiards and his wonderous performance he has done more for billiards per haps than any other man in the annals of the game Also he is president of the Billiard Association of America However the duties entailed in being president of his clan weren’t enough to challenge the bubbling
energies of the 64 year old chain pion Not with a war going on and so much to be done So during the past year, he has visited virtually every service camp in the country and also put on 1 230 exhibitions at various places throughout the country Captain Starr Edits Industrial Textbook Capt R B Stan, ’34 graduate in the Trade and Industrial Education course and former assistant direc tor of training for the International Harvester Company is the editor of a new book, ‘ Foremanship Train ing”, published by Prentice Hall The book written by 12 indus trialists with Capt Starr editing and conti ibuting his own portion to the book is designed as a text for training within industry education al programs He rs now on active duty With the Army as training of ficer of the Chicago Ordnance District
A pair of all-campus tourneys are about to get under way, all-campus golf and all-campus tennis There has been no date set for the beginning of the tennis tourney (single), but ehtry blanks are now posted on the mam bulletin board in the men’s
gymnasium
As for all-campus golf, beginning today and lasting up until Monday, July 5, the qualifying rounds are to be played on the .11 Boilermaker golf course locatIM SchiBduleB ed north of Ross-Ade Stadium. - Eighteen holes must be played
and the score turned in at the “starting house” near ga-een 1 These eighteen holes may be played as two nine hole rounds and
turned m as such
Those Eligible
Any student faculty member or Navy man located on the campus of this University is eligible for play Just bang the ball around eighteen holes, and turn the score card or cards in at the “starting house”with the full name of the player and with the signature of a witness or opponent, also designate on the card that it IS an entry for the tourney At the conclusion of the qualify mg rounds all scores will be tabulated and the entrants divided into theMifferent “flights” The sixteen contestants with the lowest scores will be placed in the “championship flight” The next sixteen contestants will be entered in “Flight A”, the next sixteen will be entered in ‘Flight B”, and so on down the list Trophies will be awarded to the winners in each flight
Fraternity tennis matches to be
played by June 21 and resulted re-
ported to Intramural Office
Singles
Delta Upsilon vs Kappa Delta Rho
Theta Xi vs Beta Theta Pi
Phi Kappa Sigma vs Alpha Tau
Omega
Sigma Alpha Mu vs Acacia
Doubles
Phi Kappa Sigma vs Alpha Kappa Lambda ^ Delta Ghi vs Acacia
SOFTBALL Monday, June 21, 6 45 Diamond 1— Phi Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Chi 2— Delta Upsilon vs Beta Theta
Pi
4—Sigma Pi vs Sigma Nu 6—Pi Kappa Phi vs Acacia 6— Phi Kappa Psi vs Theta Chi 7— Lambda Chi Alpha vs Army “B” 9—Kappa Delta Rho vs Aimy“C” 10— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Beta Sigma Psi 11— Phi Kappa Tau vs Alpha Sigma Phi 12— Phi Delta Theta vs Theta Xi 13— Sigma Alpha Mu vs Alpha Chi Rho 14— Alpha Tau Omega vs Kappa Sigma 15— Unit 1 vs Unit 4 18—Pi Kappa Alpha vs Tau Epsilon Phi 20— Ward 2 vs Mar wood 21— Ward 5 vs Circle Pines 22— Ward 1 vs Ward 11 23— Ward 4A vs Dover
Sports Shorts
No decision yet has been matle as to which Iowa football game wjl be designated as the homecoming affair . . Hawkeyes play three home games with conference teams Wisconsin, Oct 2, Indiana, Oct 16, and Illinois, Nov 6 either the Indiana or Illinois games may be picked the Wisconsin contest is too early
The Ward Tennis Singles touina ment is scheduled to get under way just as soon as enough interested persons have-signed the entry blank posted on the bulletin board in the men’s gym Unless we have more signers than we already have we will be unable to play this touina ment so all Ward Managers should urge then boys to get into this play Awards will be made
Iowa now has 213 major letter men definitely listed as members of the armed forces many others probably are not on the rostfer because of lack of information about them
'• Southworth^s
IT’S EASY TO CHOOSE tttAT LAST MINUTE GtET at SoMJtfuvoiJtkk. Shop,
HiiBEECCK&jWtiy STOKE 308-10 JTATt ttlNEEtr LAFAYETTE INA
Southworth's •
*^e>I4SI MERRY-GO- ROUND
The leaders and the peoples of the entire world today are watching Washington. For what happens there affects what happens everywhere. The unprecedented importan[:e of Washington news and its bewildering mass make it of special value now to have, besides running news reports, a column summarizing, clarifying, interpreting them. For this the nation's No. 1 column is Drew Pearson's The Washington Merry-Go-Round. Look for it * in the PURDUE EXPONENT
Hawkeye letteimen of 1942 43 teams who expect to be called into service with the armed forces about July 1 include Bob Bowles and Hubert Cline track, John Sanders, baseball, Dale Lounsbury, swimming and John Staak and Bill Barbour football
Youthful Hawkeyes on Iowa’s ’43 football team not only wall get their college gild baptism against Great Lakes veterans but they must play theil opener away from home the Sept 25th game at Great Lakfeg Naval Training station will maik the first time since 1938 that Iowa has opened on the opponent's field .. . last time was agqjnst UCLA at Los Angeles
Flank Caiideo equipped with the unit 01 ms of a navy heotenant (j g ), IS all set to leave Iowa for his indoctrination course at Qnonset Point R I he reports Juhs 29 the tormei loWa footbWl coaching staff members are distributed among four branches of serVice Eddie Anderson ii major m the army medical corps Jim Harris an army an force pi ivate and Cart deo a navy officer, and Bill Hbfer in the maimes Fairman To Present Musicale Tomondw Aithui Fan man son of Prof Siebeit Fan man of the Applied Mechanics department, will pieseht a program oi musital belectidhis, on the piano tomoiiow afternoon at 4 m the Music Room of the Unitth Fill man is a pupil of Ruth son He will play both dassrcal and. stun classical selections' ^ 't ' Pn^ 4
, T'. ’ \ ' iV‘ !' S.iat .> .f, K '7,!^■"■«:« ‘“'' ' ' ' " ’f ' ?' :’ri-TA n > » , ' " -in Pimf^ Exponmt
^ ‘ ‘ ' ’ "'l *; I / " >'■' / ^1^,?'' Saturday^ June 19? 19^3
Industry Inquires On Grad Status
UnirersHy Remembers Alumni
George Stein
®’' *'®“' Systems 01 Europe,
WBAA Airs U.S. At Meeting Tues
New Programs
By Art Hunter
“In recent years various com
panics have written in to the Personnel Service asking for recommendations of University alumni qualified to fill positions paying up
to as much as $25,000 per year.”
Opening with this example, F. Lynn Cason, assistant director of the University Personnel Seiwice, went on to re-emphasize the keynote of his recent intei’view in which he advised all seniors to complete and bring up to date their personnel cards before leaving the campus upon graduation or en-
trance into the armed service. Receive 40 To 50 Inquiries
At the present time the Personnel Service is receiving from 40 to 50 inquiries per month from the service commands and industry concerning the qualifications of Univei'sity graduates foi positions of
responsibility and leadership.
“In answering these requests,” Cason explained, “the greater part of our information comes from the personnel cards on file in this office. Therefore it behooves all prospective graduates to bring their cards up to date before leaving the Uni-
versity.”
The assistant personnel director, day to address the Indiana Police who is filling Director Vogler’s po- Chiefs’ convention on the wjirtimc sition while he is on a leave of ab- police training piogram which the
The first of three new public service features over station WBAA was broadcast last night by the Boy Scouts who have been readying Camp Cary when they told of their plans for the summer camp period
which begins Sunday.
The second of these broadcasts, sponsored by Lafayette service agencies included in the Commu-
nity Fund, will be presented at 2:45 . ,
p. m. Monday, at which time Miss Emily Jane Aldridge, director of the
(Continued from page 1)
Died In 1902 -
Mr. Stein died at the Home Hospital October 2, 1902, when he was 65 years old. A heart attack was the immediate cause of his death. He
Next Tuesday the International was taken to the funeral home Relations Club will hold a unique where he was embalmed with a parmeeting beginning at 7:30 in the ticularly strong chemical solutioh. lounge of the University Presbyte- body has been preserved since
that time.
His skin has darkened to a deep brown and seems to be a smooth,
HT * 4. -c 4.U TT>/-i 1. 1 hard, but tough substance. In life Most of the IRC members have , , - , 5 ^ . • ,
he was about five feet, seven inches tall and weighed about 150 pounds. Time and air, both of which he has been exposed to, have dried his body considerably until he is now probably two-ihirds of his original size.
Refuse To Sell Body
Many side shows have offei'ed and
rian Church, concerning a discussion on the educational systems of
Europe and the Americas.
agreed to present information on various countries and in this way the important school systems can be covered. Some of the questions that will be answered .include the
semester college plan as advanced
.. , J.I, as the European system? How ex- , , , , , recreation program at the . 4.1, i 1.1 • asked to purchase Mr. Stem, but|
elusive are the English public
Lafayette YWCA, will describe the
schools.
office hours, at no expense.
seiice from the Univeisity engaged in war work at Columbia University, went on to say that not only does a personnel card contain a record of one’s college career in brief, but it also contains space for an alumni record. He said that the responsibility for keeping this alum-
the establishment has become quite
“stay at home camp” attached to him during such long Then at 7:45 Monday evening. Although the IRC members will association and are unwilling to sell
Lyle Agnew, director of the Lafay- be in charge of the discussion, fac- ^im.
ette YWCA, will tell of the summer townspeople and students are Visitors may see Mr. Stein during
swimming and recreational pro- ii^vited to the meeting,
gram at the “Y”.
Notice
Any students who wish to work for the Registrar during the regis-
. . . head of the Public Safety In- tration for the Navy College Trainstitute, was in Anderson Wednes- ing Program on July 5 will please
leave their names at the desk in the
Registrar’s office. Ralph B. Stone,
Registrar.
Personnel Notes Companies scheduled to visit the campus: Pittsburgh Plate Glass Co., Barberton, Ohio—Date to be announced later. Interested in August and December Ch.E., M. E. These companies do not plan to Visit the campus; however, they are interested in students for employment. Battelle Memorial Institute, Columbus, Ohio—Interested in analytcal chemists (men and women). Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, June 23. The Linde Air Products Ch., Unit of Union Carbide & Carbon, Tonawanda, N. Y. Interested in M.E., E.E., C.E. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, June 23. Amertype Recordgraph Corporation, New York, New York. Interested in E.E. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, June 23. The Standard Oil Company of Ohio, Cleveland Ohio-;-Interested in M.E., Physicists. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, June 23. National Radiator Co., Johnstown, Pennsylvania—Intei’ested in Ch.E., M.E. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, June 26.
Notices
Prof. Joseph Lingo
Henry J. Weseloh bfava/ Grads
Institute is conducting over Indiana.
. . . for two years a University student, was recently appointed a Naval Aviation Cadet and was transferred to the Naval Air Training Center, Pensacola, Fla. He recently completed the elimination training course at Bunker Hill, Ind.
alumni—without charge—find new
or better position.
Similar services, if contracted through an employment agency.
MERRY-GO-ROUND
(Continued from page 2) Is Dew^y Running?
Although Governor Tom Dewey is keeping his
ni section of the card up to date also mouth shut, concentrating on New York state governrests with the individual, who ment, and declaring he is not a presidential candidate, should periodically send in reports his friends attach significance to one incident which of his progress since leaving the has never leaked out. University. Shortly after his election as Governor, Dewey went University Maintains Interest on a hunting trip with Pennsylvania’s millionaire Rc“Purdue,” he said, “does not for- publican boss, Joe Peiv. Not particularly friendly to get a student when he receives his Dewey before. Pew has been looking for a presidential diploma. The University maintains horse on which to place his money. Some of Dewey’s a personal interest in its alumni and friends think the hunting trip augured big things for
carries on the job of helping its the future. In Washington, Republican politicos who have been right on a lot of things dope out the GOP race this way: Willkie and Biicker will enter the Republican Convention about even; Willkie because he hag popu-
would cost an alumnus from five to lar appeal; Bricker because he has the bosses with ten per cent of his first year’s sal- him, also because his friend. Senator Taft, knows ary from his new job. Most employ- how to “deliver” the Southern delegates, ment agencies will get one a good Then with Biickei and Willkie deadlocked in conjob because of their interest in the vention, the tide will turn to'Dewey, who has refee involved — theirs is a purely mained in the background. mercenary standpoint. It’s a long way off yet, but this dope-sheet will bear
Asks For Chief Engineer watching.
“Only last week,” said Cason, cit- Collai" Miners
While the War Labor Board had John L. Lewis over a barrel for asking a $2-a-day wage increase for organized coal miners, another branch of the government, the Bureau of Internal Revenue, okayed various salary increases for non-union supervisory employees
in coal mines.
The matter was kept hiished up by secret-loving Internal Revenue buieaucrats, but here aie the facts: A special Internal Revenue branch, known as the
ommendations, and, here again, the Stabilization Unit, functions in the salary field personnel cards were a contributing jjoard in the wage field, to keep factoi. personal earnings below inflationary levels. The new Re-emphasizing another state- niiist approve applications tor all salary boosts ment of his previous interview, he effecting business executives and white collar work-
ing another example, “a company wrote in asking for our recommendation of a chief engineer for their plant, stating that salary was no object. They said they needed an experienced man and wanted to find
one as quickly as possible. “Fortunately the Service was
able to supply two very good rec-
advised that all students planning ,^0 enter the service should, before leaving school, make contact with two or three of the companies they are interested in working for after the war’. He said that such action would give students an entering wedge for their post-war jobs. “The time is short,” he concluded, “for prospective graduates and service men to complete the personnel caids and to make contact with companies. Don’t wait until the last minute; take care of these mat-
ters now.”
In The Churches Wesley Foundation State and Sheets Stieet 9:30 a. in. Student Chinch School. Prof. D. H. Patteison will teach the class on “Why Christianity?” This class is a study of other leligions and the facts that under ly the Christian Religion. 10:40 a. m. Moining Worship Service. Fust Methodist Church. Dr. Otto Scott Steele will bring the sermon—special music will be furnished by the Paul Tincher 'Smith
Choir.
5:15 p. m. Wesley Vespers. 5:15 p. m. Fellowship Supper. 6:15 p. ni. Discussion led by “Gene” Balsley. 7:20 p. m. Closing Worship. Every Puidue student is invited to these services. THE UNIVERSITY CHURCH North Street, near Grant At 9:30 Student Class. In the absence of Dr. Giaves, Mi. Findley will direct the class. At 10:30 Moining Woiship. The sermon theme will be “Fathers and Fatherhood ” At 6.00 Sunday Evening Club. Following the supper theie will be a Social Hour and a Discussion
Period,
While everything the War Labor Board does is open to public scrutiny. Internal Revenue’s Salary Stabilization Unit operates strictly behind the scenes and doesn’t answer to anybody. Recently, it leaked out, however, that bituminous coal mine operators, in a move to block union organi-
zation of mine “sub-bosses”, had requested government permission to increase salaries of all supervisory employees, including mine superintendents, managers, foremen, sub-bosses, etc. That white-collar increase amounted to an average of about $2 a day— just the increase the miners asked for. Grain From Canada Food boss Chester Davrs has spent days looking for a good transportation man, to solve that probl9m of bringing rn wheat from Canada. Commodity Credit Corporation has bought million bushels of Canadian wheat, but not a bushel has moved. Meantime, dairy and poultry farmers in the northeast are running low on feed grains. Great Lakes steamers got moving a month late, on account of the late thaw. They are loaded down with ore for the steel mills, have no space for grain. Rail movement is the only alternative. Grain stocks in the U. S. have been the heaviest in history, but so is consumption of grain. Record breaking annual production is eating into the stocks so fast that foieign imports must be moved. This is one time when farmers would even welcome some of that much abused Argentine corn and w'heat. Behind this excitement about grain supplies is one big question mark which few people outside the Government realize, namely, the feeding of occupied territories. If and when invasion comes, the civilians on the invasion front, wdrether in France, the Low Countries, or the Balkans, will have to be fed from the American bread basket. Quickest way to get food to starving people is rn the form of grain. Capitol Chaff Suggestion for award of the Army-Navy E: To some of the telephone companies in heavy war areas whrch have been handling overburdened wires so efficiently—among them the Illinois Bell in the Chicago area, and the Chesapeake and Potomac in Washington. The “Hello-Girls” are performing a tough job in some areas, with little thanks from the public. . . . Editor Eugene Lyons of American Mercury Magazine rs looking for a Washington newsman willing to write a damaging piece about Henry Wallace. ... In Washrngton recently, Lyons had dinner with Congresswoman Clare Luce. (Copyright, 1943, by United eFatures Syndicate, Inc.)
(Continued from page 1) deserving student went to Philip L. Quirk, of Merrick, N. Y., and was presented by Chief “Pop” Gardiner, oldest bluejacket. First Group Arrived Year Ago One year ago this month the first group of 200 saffors arrrved from Great Lakes and the west coast, and established quarters in Cary (Hall. Study in the electrical labs qualifies the men for the petty officer rating of electrician’s mates, third class or a striker’s rating. Men from the school have fought at the Solomon Islands and on Guadalcanal, on submarines, destroyers and carriers. In their sixteen-week course, the sailors study electrical theory and mathematics, electrical laboratory for motors and generators, tools, laboratory for the use of hand tools, splicing, forging, soldering, and motor repair, and practice wiring bells, call systems, lighting and telephone circuits. ’They attend classes 44 hours a week including physical education. Examinations are given on Fridays. ^ ( Prof, Cl "W. Beese, heading the University War Training Office, is responsible foi the instruction of the sailors with Don A. Scott as supervisor of Naval Training.
Pill Lambda Upsilon: Keys are here. Call at 115 University after Tp. m. —GOFF All Students: Tea Danee every Thursday at 4 p. m. at Hillel House, 116 'Sheetz St.
—GLUCK
All Students: Two boys are needed to help in the Home Be Cafeteria during noon hour. Call Miss Gamble at 2941.
—GAMBLE
Basic Military Students; All basic students are urged to note the schedule posted on the Bulletin Board in the Armory for turning in wool trousers and caps.
—BROWN
All Students: LSAA will hold a picnic at Potter’s Hollow. Meet at 626 N. Ninth St. at 2:16 p. m., Sunday, June 20. Everyone is welcomt. —MATHEWS Professor Yoi^ng To Discuss Posf-War Farm Problems Prof. E. C. Young, dean of the University Graduate School, will speak on “The Foreign Aspects of Post-War Agriculture” at the second meeting in a conference on wartime problems of agriculture being held at Pennsylvania State College yesterday and today. Dean Young spoke on “The Agricultural Job Today and What to Do About It” at the meeting yesterday which he shared with Dean C. E. Ladd of Cornell University.' The U. S. expects to reach the President’s goal of 60,000 military airplanes in 1942 or more than it has produced since the birth of
aviation.
All M. El 6th and 8ih Semester $eniot«t It you wish to have your picture included in the senior group picture for the M. E. buildiriKt please pay fee at desk in M. E. lab Monday 1-4. Price, 80 cents. Lwt opportunity. —HEIKOFF Triton Club: Meeting will be Monday at 1 8 p. m. in Women’s Gym. All those in byiet please be there. —BROWNE Tau Beta Phi: Business meeting 'Thursday, June 24, in room 307 of the Un:6n at 7:16 P. m. to discuss, pledging so all mem.4 bers be there. Shingles for spring class
here. Be sure to get yours at
' Student Senate: Important meeting on Wednesday night at 8:30 in the Senate office. !—THOMAS All Students: The International Relations Club Will meet Tuesday ev$ninB, June 22, at 7:80 in the lounge of the University Presbyterian Church. Certain members will discuss the educational systems of the world. » —OPELL
Classified Ads Typewriters: Adding maenmes, all makCi sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Bberahoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2770. Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches^ guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s liOan Office, 407 Columbia. Wanted: Someone to cut grass opce a week. Phone 2339. Persons in any of the Nava! “V” proiirams interested in forming a dance band call George Saurwein, 675L Wanted: A boy to work for board or board and room. Call Alpha Xi Delta. Wanted—Male loommatfe. Large room, Wjell furnished, twin beds Reasonable rates. 202 Chauncey. 6088. Ralph. For Sale—One used 1923 Model T. Super condition. Call Sanderson or Vermilion, 6066. Lost-^Log Log Dupitx Slide Rule and case. Reward foi finder. W. St. Germain. Phone 4916.
THREE YANKS IN "CHINA‘
This trio—Wiiliam Bendix, Loretta Young and Alan Ladd—mean business when they wave their pocket artillery in Paramount’s powerful new war film, “China,” now at the Mars Theatre.
DONT BE LATE! WEDNESDAY, JUNE 23 IS TOO LATEl
To late for what?—To late to save 50 cents how?— by ordering your copy of the Debris today, where?— The West Desk of the Union, Debris Office and the Salesmen. DONT BE LATEl BUY YOUR DEBRIS TODAY!
NOW $4.50 JUNE 23 $5.00 Mailed Anywhere in the U. S. for 25c Extra
THE SCENE CHANGES
SPREADING THE NEWS TOOK MONTHS
UNTIL THE EXPONENT WAS BORN
NOW YOU CAN GET ALL THE UP-T-O-THE-MINUTE NEWS OF THE CAMPUS i CALL 4005 AND ASK FOR THE PURDUE EXPONENT