\ ' , ^ ■
n^i->-■<> ^j 5^ ‘
! I ft <4 /
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair rtoday and tomorrow; rising temperature.
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY March 18, 1939 Lafayette, hidiona Vol. 50 No. 141
■■'
i
»
Dr. Phillips To Speak At Tomorrow's Convocation “Oiir Emancipated Generation” will be Dr. Harold Cooke Phillips’ topic at tomorrow morning’s convocation for worship at 10:30 in EMza Fowler Hall. Dr. Phillips will be the final speaker in this year’s series of religious convocations. Last convo of the year will be a program of Easter songs shortly before spring recess.
Lecturer
Dr. Phillips, a natiijp of Jamaica, ( British West Indies, came to this country when only 20 years old, entei’ed Denison University and completed his work for a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1919. Further study at Columbia University brought * him a Masters degree in 1922 when he became an American citizen. Wesleyan University of Connecti- * cut awarded his degree. Doctor of Divinity. Second pastorate assigned him ^ was the first Baptist Church of Cleveland where he still is today. In addition to his theological du- ' ties. Dr. Phillips contributes to a number of religious periodicals and is the author of three books, “Life that is Life Indeed,” “Seeing the Invisible,’ 'and “Sails and Anchors.” Trio Will Replace McCrady On WBAA Because of technical difficulties the campus varieties program this * afternoon will not feature Harr;^ McCrady’s band as previously announced. Instead, a new trio, comf posed of Russ Mock, pianist; Bob Fitzgerald, guitarist; and Dick Pittenger, clarinet player, will provide entertainment. Pat Heine and Charlie Powell will sing. As a novelty, a dramatic skit, and a musical story “The Three Trees,” * will be presented. For the remainder of the hour, all song requests that are phoned in will be played. Stu- < dents who wish to phone requests, call 6076. Irvan Maury and his orchestra * will be featured next Saturday on Campus Varieties. Directory Additions Are Still Available ( Supplements for the student directory, containing the address and telephone numbers of new students > and those who have changed places of residence, were issued by the Student Union last week. A few copies are still available and any instruc- < tor, or activity official who failed to receive a directory may obtain a copy by calling the Student Union or David Brubeck. The directories < will be delivered. , Phi Kappa Tau... . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Jack McNulty, Memc phis, Tenn.; Allen Johnson, Valparaiso; Bill Merchant, River Forest, 111.; Charles Moon, Wilmette, 111.; and Hfarold Marling, Dayton, 0.
Officials Choose 35 For Singing Chorus In '39 Varsity Show Selection of the singing chorus for the 1939 Varsity Show was announced last night by student officials in charge. The chorus will furnish the background and color for the newest musical comedy revival, “Mikado,” which will be presented by an all-student cast in Fowler Hall, April 21-22. Sopranos selected for the chorus are: Mary Atkins, Mary Ann Carpenter, Myra McKee, Anna Mertz, Barbar Warren, Joan Paulus, Janice Yeoman, Margaret Young, and Patricia Wolcott. Altos: Helen Ruth Cox, Dorothy Holden, Marjorie Patrick, Martha Moorhead, Bonnie Swope, Ruth Gausman, Carolyn Kiesling, Mildred ^wens. Tenor parts were filled by: Henry Amt, James Crump, John Ahrens, George Henderson, Lawrence Hess, Jack Baldwin, George Kinder, and Kenneth London. Basses were: Frank Franz, Lowell Hutton, Robert Hettema, Don Sinish, Richard Richwine, Chester Regille, Ernest Morehouse, Richard Thornton, Bill Dunshee and Coddington. Co-eds Discuss Status Of Wives In Business At Debate Conference Members of the Purdue co-ed debate team will continue today the Western Conference League discussion on, “What will be the status, of married women in business, industry, and professions?” being held at Northwestern University. Seven co-ed debate teams are entered in this discussion, the first of its kind to be held by the Western Conference League. Today’s program for the debaters includes a round table discussio^ on “What is the most adequate solution to the problem ? ” panel discussions by the coaches, and a radio broadcast in which one delegate from each school will participate. The members of the Purdue squad who are participating are Charlotte Finney, Mildred Harper, Elizabeth Maier, Gene Pechin, Janet Morehouse, and Jane Ostrander.
Dr. Harold Cooke Phillips Berry, Hall Will Attend Convention Treva Berry and Ruth Hall will represent Purdue at the biannual convention of the Intercollegiate Association of American Women to be held April 3, 4, and 5 at the University of Kansas in Lawrence, Kan. The question of’hlitional reorganization of WSGA is to be discussed. All scho'^ls belonging to the Intercollegiate Association of American Women have been requested to send representatives. Booklets published by the WSGA organizations on different campuses are to be sent ahead to the University of Kansas. They will be exhibited there with other WSGA booklets from all over the country. Still No Orchestra; Prom Committee Leaves Town Today Prom Committee will leave for Chicago today to complete arrangements for the Prom band with the agent. The band and the date for the Prom will be announced in a subsequent issue of the Exponent according to a statement by Benny Burns, chairman of the committee. First come, first served, will be the watch word for the distribution of Prom tickets. Distribution will begin at 8 a. m. Monday and will continue until all 800 tickets have been sold. Students will be required to present their passports and Prom permits before they can get their tickets. Those who do not receive one of the 800 tickets will be placed on the waiting list for returned bids. Caldwell Reelected Trustee Of New York City Museum Dr. Orestes H. Caldwell, EE ’08, editor of Electrical Week, and the treasurer of Caldwell-Clements, Inc. publishers of Radio Today, has just been reelected a trustee of the New York Museum of Science and Industry, Rockefeller Center, New York, for a further three-year term, together with Gerard Swope, E. R. Stettinius, and Charles Pratt.
Sears Will Speak At Mothers', Dads' Banquet Monday Prof. L. M. Sears, of the history, economics, and government department, will be the principal speaker at the Mothers’ and Dads’ Banquet Monday at 6:30 p. m. in the Union ballroom. Prof. Sears will be introduced by President E. C. Elliott, who will act as toastmaster for the affair. Gordon W. Matthews, Student Union president, will give the welcoming address. Jim Williamson, Union vice president in charge of the affair, announced last night, “We wish to make it clear that both eds’ and coeds’ parents are invited to attend, not just eds’ parents as has been thought by many.” The progiam will include a piano solo by Russ Mock, several numbers by the concert choir, directed by A. P. Stewart, and a skit by Jane Caldwell and Marianne Nichols. The Modern Dance group will perform, and the Pony Chorus of “Mikado,” all-campus show, will go through a dance routine. Students are asked by Union officials to notify thdir parents that the correct date is March 20 not March 23 as was erroneously stated on some of the invitations. Tickets will be available at the main Union desk at 4 p. m. Monday for 75c each. 140 Tickets Sold For Union Formal March 24; 60 Still Available Approximately 140 tickets were sold yesterday afternoon for the Union Penguin Club Formal that will be held in the ballroom March 24. Sixty tickets are still available and can be \btained in the main lobby of the Union Building from 1 to 4 o’clock this afternoon for one dollar and fifty cents each. Eddie Camden and his 11 piece band, featuring the voice of Yvonne Belmont, will play before a spectrum backdrop, on which a light will be directed in a halo of colors. The dance will be cabaret style, with presentation of floor show throughout the evening. Tables can be reserved starting next Monday at 4 p. m. in the Union lobby. Menus in the shape of penguins will be placed on each table. StudenisSeeRugSamples Students in home administration 8, a course on house furnishing, visited Loeb’s rug department Tuesday and Thursday. Mr. Carpenter, head of that department, explained the various types of rugs and carpets, showed samples, pointed out the characteristic features of the floor coverings on the market today, and answered questions raised by the students.
Skull And Crescent Men Dance^ Name 35 Pledges Happy Felton Plays For 450 Couples At Annual Sophomore Formal Dance Four hundred and fifty couples turned out in their best bib and tucker to dance while Happy Felton and his orchestra gave their all at the Sophomore Cotillion in the Union ballroom last night. Proceeding the dance, Skull and Crescent members and guests from the faculty dined at a formal banquet in the Faculty Lounge.
Crook Will Speak, Give Grooming Tips, At Charm School Pauline Crook, grooming consultant from Stevens College, will talk to all co-eds March 22 and 23 at 4 o’clock in the Home Economics Auditorium at the Charm School sponsored by WSGA and YWCA. Miss Crook will give grooming hints and will explain the principles underlying the use of cosmetics. During the two days of her stay at Purdue, Miss Crook will give 15minute personal interviews to a limited number of girls. Appointments may be made by calling Treva Berry at the WSGA office, or at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house. Only two girls from each sorority house, and five girls from the Women’s Residence Hall may sign for an appointment. However, there is no limit to the number of unorganized girls who i^y sign. Each girl may bring to the appointment as many as 15 girls with her. Co-eds are requested to bring a comb and brush to the appoint-
ment with them.
Miss Crooks will also conduct a question and answer program over WBAA at 1:30 Wednesday afternoon. Six co-eds will be chosen to ask questions concerning the personal appearance of college women.
Promptly at 11 p. m.. Skull and Crescent menibers, led by Cotillion chairman, Allen Dilts, and Geneva Lemmon, formed in front of the band platform and swung into the grand march. During intermission, names of the new pledges were projected throug'h the backdrop by means of lights'. Pledges J. F. Adamson, W. E. Allen, C. F. Beaurline, G. Belles, R. P. Brock, L. W. Bruck, R. P. Burrows, W. A. Campbell, J. C. Chase, R. A. Dibos, J. E. Ely, S. D. Fitch, W. W. Frank, R. C. Gimlin, P. M. Glassman, R. S. Howkinson, E. M. Katzenberg. R. G. Kratzer, C. J. Kennedy, J. A. Kutz, F. E. Laramore, J. H. Loomis, D. McDaniel, F. M. Merriell, L. H. Miller, N. A. Ochiltree, D. M. Ogilvie, D. S. Powers, R. E. Probent, J. Reiner, R. B. Robertson, T. S. Sly, H. C. Sunderman, C. D. Swaim, and S. S. Udell. Decorations for the dance included gold skulls with emerald eyes placed about the ballroom and a black backdrop with Sophomore Cotillion on it in gold.
WBAA Will Honor Sigma Nu Frafernity
Nutrition Council Will Meet D** Program Today
Today To Plan Activities
Nutrition Advisory Council to the Bureau Maternal and Child Health will meet in the Home Economics Building this morning. The Council will consider plans for a county nutrition demonstration showing how the various government and private agencies giving nutrition services can coordinate their activities. University representatives serving on the Council ai’e Dr. Cecelia Schuck of the Foods and Nutrition Department and Prof. Leila Gaddis of the Home Economics Extension Service.
Mixer Bulletin
Orchestra: Place: Time: Price
Ivan Maury Union ballroom Tonight 9-12 One Dollar
The “Greek Letter Parade,” a program of fraternity songs and history, will be aired for the third time over WBAA from 2:15 imtil 2:45 this afternoon. The program ^ will originate from the music room of the Union and will feature as the honor group of the day the men of Sigma Nu. The presentation features fraternity singing interspersed with chapter history and activi-'^ ties. Today’s edition of the “Parade,” written by Russ Harruff, will present the group singing of Sigma Nu, Russ Mock at the piano, narrations by Sam Marks and Mahlon Rieke, and Don Foust as master of
ceremonies.
The “Greek Letter Parade” will be a weekly presentation of WBAA for the remainder of the semester, putting on the air as many organizations as possible. The program is designed to familiarize the general public, in an entertaining way, with the songs and activities of the Greek organizations.
Power House Pete Explains Ed’s Sloppiness For Cagey Co-ed’s
by Power House Pete “That’s a Purdue ed—^the one with the whiskers, T-shirt, and bag- * gy slacks . . .” You’re right Miss Cagey Co-ed, now watch him and ( see where he goes. At the present moment, he seems to be headed for the Mechanical Engineering Build- ' ing-, possibly to spend a nice peaceful afternoon (three hours) playing nurse maid to an oil sweating, ^ steam breathing creation of power. Learning the business from the ^ giound up is what most engineers call it!—And hardly the place for a frock coat, gray striped trousers, ^ and Ascot tie. No, please don’t go away just yet. Won’t you wait with me until he t comes out? Ahl There he is now. A sour Took on his face do you say? Young lady, do you know what has < been happening in there? No? I
thought not. In a temperature ranging from eighty upwards, our embryonic engineer has been breathing oil and gas vapors, he has been the victim of a slight but aggravating burn from a super-heat steam line, suffered a mashed finger adjusting a valve travel, and no doubt has certain ideas of his own regarding any and all engineers and their forebearers. Do you begrudge our uncut diamond the right to occasionally wander over to the S. S. to see how the other half lives^? Agrees With Co-ed I am in whole-hearted accord with your ideas on neatness. I agree that it is an indispensible factor when it comes to the final analysis. However, my point is this—^when next you see an example of your pet peeve, stop and consider for a moment that he has been having troubles similar to the ones men-
tioned above. Instead of shaving this morning, he probably got up eaily to woik on that report, and so he had to woik until class time to get it finished. Instead of having his cords cleaned the other day, I imagine he was out making some adjustments on the old bus so he could take you to the Cotillion yesterday. Had you ever thought of that? And I believe you will admit that even a Boilei maker can make himself quite presentable when the occasion demands. I am not making excuses for the appearance of the members of my clan. I’m just trying to locate in your mind a few of the reasons for such spectacles on John Purdue’s campus. However, just as your criticisms may be, I just can’t help going to bat for the grandest bunch of guys
that ever came down the line. Beneath that rough exterior of which you speak, beats the heart of a man! Whiskers, T-Shirts O. K. I’ve been at this man’s institution for three and a half years, and perhaps I’m softening up a bit with the stuff of which graduation speeches ai-e made—but I say to you with all sincerity, I would rather have the friendship of a whiskery smile and the good will of a T-shirt than anything in this weary old world! Sounds a bit flowery, but I mean it just the same, and I think all graduating men feel the same way down inside. Now, then, if you don’t mind, turn about is fair play. I could tear down the reputation of Josephine Co-ed if I wanted to do so. I could tell you •what the ed thinks of the co-ed,
but I’m sure that would be old stuff. I could write a comedy on “What I saw going to an eight o’clock.” I could tell you how strenuously I object to hair vdth great possibilities looking as though it had been combed with an egg-beater or a towel. Or how face powder applied at ten paces gives me the woofits. All of this doesn’t include cracked nail polish, short sox tending to creep down into flat-soled shoes, or faultily applied lip rouge. So Red the Lips Oh yes! We could write reams on the lip rouge situation. There’s one questions which perhaps you can answer for me. Why in heaven’s name, if they insist on using the stuff, can’t they do it so that the mouth doesn’t look like an open wound ? Public application of beautifiers is
also down on the wi'ong side of my ledger. We may'have whiskers, but we don’t remove them at the corner of State and Main. Lip rouge in a bad state of repair is worse than none at all. When it starts peeling like a bad case of sunburn, watch the males move out. I hope you will understand from this little bit of chatter that no ill feelings are being created. This is just a hint to show that you had better look in your own back yard before you start climbing your neighbor’s fences. I think you realize by now, as well as I do, that neither of us. has much to crow about. In parting, I have one suggrestion to make. The next time you see a campus “Pete” coming toward you, don’t scoff. After all, he—or a reasonably acciuate facsimile — may belong to you some day!• 1 £dijbofuaL
THE PDBDtIE EXPONENT
J^tt/XtuASA,
Soturdoy^ March 18, 1939
Memorandum To Seniors Sooner or later each of you will hunt for a job. To avoid the strong feeling of anxiety and insecurity sometimes felt by seniors, you should take early and sensible action to uncover one or more job opportunities for yourself. Take advantage of your spring vacation. Here are a few simple procedures which may help you focus your possibilities: List on paper all of your relatives and business asquaintances who may have leads on jobs or ^vice of value to you. Remember that a friend would rather help you than help a stranger, all other things being equal. Write to these people immediately or plan to see them during spring vacation. If you live in a city, thumb through the classified telephone directory. Many times this will recall to mind companies whose activities parallel your training and interests. List them. If you do not know who to appoach in such companies, inquire at the Personnel Office. Plan first to interview employers during spring vacation. List those you can contact while at home or wherever you will spend your vacation. Write each employer a letter a week or two in advance with the following points in mind: he should be told who you are and what your present status is, that you are seeking employment, why you think you will be of value in his field, and that you want an interview. Keep in mind when planning to get a job that you must get your name and image before the employer. Let him know you are alive and looking for a job. And do not let him forget it. Eliminate the guess work iip the employer’s mind by giving from the start as complete a picture of yourself and your background as possible. This means enclosing in your letter a picture of yourself and a record of essential information. Include such facts as age, height, weight, race, church, health, hobbies, work experience, education, and all others which will give the employer a picture of your skills and interests. Forms for this purpose are available in the Personnel Office. Practically no one gets a job without interviewing the employer. The wisest move a senior can make now is to get interviews arranged for spring vacation. This should be a good year for employment. However, a senior should-not depend upon one or two leads if they are indefinite or picked up through chance conversation with friends. x First, he should uncover as many oppor-
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthorized Janaary 20, 1022. Pnbliahed daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief. Business Manager
H. I. Stanhack R. R. Hensley
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor — L. S. Hardin City Editor — D. A. Bailey Associate Editors_G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeve* Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager .W. F. Berg Sales Manager... V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevfn Accounts Manager... .... W. E. Smith Art Director — D. J. Hennlnger CO-ED STAFF ' Editor— Sally McKee Associate Editors ....... Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor ........ B. L. l^cDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J, Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Ebcponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indians Phone 6088 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fleldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 REPRESENTCp P'OR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 MADtsoN Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago * Boston ' Los Angeles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue Universi^. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. Ail unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Frederick Issue Editor—Beer Saturday, March 18, 1939
tunities as possible by writing letters and interviewing. Second, he should, by means of his interviews, fin(| which companies offer jobs in which he will fit best. The more information he obtains concerning these companies the more surely he will be able to narrow the possibilities .down to the best one. His choice should be based on facts and not guesswork. He should be completely sold on the job. Any senior or other student seeking employment is welcome to visit the Personnel Office in the Executive Building and take advantage of the facilities offered there.— J. N. D.
and
Bj Georgana Schilling
Out of a haze of orchids and gardenias, tails and tuxedoes, lovelyladies and lively music, we dash back to our little typewriter to tell all. At four yesterday, when we should have been resting our weary bones, we fell in step with a Um ion -vice-president headed for the ballroom. On the floor of the dance room was a thin black cloth on which Ralph Cappell and Jean Chandler assisted by pots and tubes of rubber cement were pasting the words “Sophomore Cotillion.” This bit of creative composition formed the back drop for last night’s ball. —H-H— Irv Fossee was busy on lights which flashed out names of new members later, last night. Yes, the Union boys were really on the ball! Vince Hruby entered with an apron of pins, followed by John Richey, who like a Japanese, took off his shoes before beginning his pasting. All the workers assured us the job would be completed before the start of the dance. It was! —H-H— Eyei’yone was around last night. Maybe because of St, Patrick’s Day ... or maybe for a number of other reasons. Anyhow, we saw brunette Nan Ward looking veiy ultra in ice blue satin, Mary Ermie Irwin very demure in shell pink net trimmed with blue velvet hows, and Jane Schueler looking like a breath of spring in a light blue chiffon gown. Helen Rae Wilson-seemed quite happy, and her sequins shone brightly as she danced with her Chicago import. Joe Harnett escorted pin girl Margie Johnson who was dressed in blue organdy. —H-H— Mary Petticrew danced past us wearing a strapless pink frock, and we spied Manette Hollingsworth across the room all decked out in ice blue satin. Jim McKee seemed very happy when we saw him with Jlis Fort Wayne girl, Ruth Rose, /who was dressed in black taffeta. Marilyn McKnight wore flesh pink satin with garnet jewelry. Satin
was also the choice of Dorothy Hardin and Virginia Tislow. Phyl Umfreys, accompanied by “Spanky” Kimmel, was dazzling in a sequin jacket; and her sorority sister Sydney Davis wore a gown of marquisette in rainbow colors. —H-H— Ruth Randall was dressed in white satin, and Maxine King appeared very pretty in pink lace. Blue crepe was the choice of Joann Geer, while a similar material in white made up the gown of Marthg Whitehead. Phi Delt Doug McDaniels danced by with Joyce Davidson who looked super in black taffeta. Jane Fishleigh, accompanied by DU pin man wore pink moire taffeta; and Yvonne Price appeared in a chic aqua chiffon frock. —H-H— The hour grows later,. the new pledges are announced, the intermission ends. The music becomes gayer, the colors brighter, the noise more intense! Then the lights come on, the music stops, and the great rush for wraps is on. It’s “after the
ball time,” and goodnight time for the Cotillion has come to a close. —H-H— Irvan Maury’s campus band will play for tonight’s mixer in the ballroom. Chuck Coe’s band is doing a bit of traveling this week-end. They are playing tonight and also for the next two week-ends for sorority dances at Ball State College in Muncie. Happy swinging, boys.
DRESS REHEARSAL FOR DANCE RECITAL Sunday, Mar. 19, 2:30 P. M. DANCE RECITAL Wed., Mar. 22,8:00 P. M. CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, MARCH 25th BALLET AND TAP P. M. ALLEN, Instructor ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY SUSPENSE WITHOUT A LETUP?
— with — CHARLES FARRELL JACQUELINE WELLS — and —-
— ALSO — THE FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS
SUNDAY-MONDAY MAD ABOUT MUSIC PRISON FARM
LAST DAY-
STARTING TOMORROW
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichiy
A colleen fitted ofit in green— The prettiest sight I’d ever seen The shamrock ruled one mighty day, Irish jokes and pipes of clay. This moi’ning I just lay and groan Cursing the wild oats I’d sown Devils pounding on my head— Could it be that I am dead. Irish eyes and Irish laughter Are all gone the morning after. Shamrock in my button hole Irish whisky numbs my soul. When actives become too active, some pledges just have to do something about it . . . the SAE pledges are having a fine tiihe whitewashing the house . . . couldn’t take all of BILL NEFF’s razzing . . . what do they do ? Threw the bucket on BILL white-wash and all.-. . . so the boy^ resembled something like a snowman . . . white and all that! At last we’.ve got enough contribs to make a selection for the 10 best reasons why men hate women and vice-versa . . . hope these meet with approval ... to start another contest ... those who have any good suggestions that might be used . . . send or put in suggestions right now! ■ . -« FROM THE MEN: “Why we hate women: 1. Some women want too much for nothing. 2. Some women change hands too often. 3. Some women think all men' should chase them or that they should chase all men. 4. Some women don’t know what they ■want. 5. Most women don’t know how to get it if they do know what they want. 6. Most women are very catty. 7. Most women wear the wrong clothes. 8. Some women smoke and drink too much. 9. Most women don’t smoke for the pleasure of it; it’s just to show off. 10. Most women are too SISTENT.FROM THE WOMEN: “Why we hate the men.” 1. Most men (eds) are too sloppy.
UaicI
“G’wau—a local constable has no jurisdiction over us. We’re interstate commerce!”
STARTS MIDNITE TONITE 11:30
Y©y*I.L LAIIGH YOy’LL CRY A, tliisbvable oW man and Visl iJne grander snuk^
—TODAY— DOUBLE FEATURE JOE E. BROWN — IN — FIT FOR A KING — PLUS — I AM A CRIMINAL — WITH — JOHN CARROLL EXTRA DONALD DUCK CARTOON
2. Most men rate themselves too highly. 3. - Most men talk too much. 4. Most men over-indulge then talk about it. 5. Most men are as uncouth as an SAE ... as loud as a Sigma Chi . . . and as dumb as an SPE. 6. Most men admire the opposite sex, th^h belittle them with filthy humor. 7. Most men refuse to admit that they don’t know everything about everything. Most men think the dullest, most stupid man deserves the
cream of the crop. 9. Most men think you aren’t a good sport if you don’t drink and if you do, they think you aren’t a lady. 10. Most men are too consistent ,. ., consistently selfish, conceited, and egotistical. The names of persons who sent in the best contribs will be published later.
TODAY only
itsilipsiim. swinpstruqcuttin’campus laiHiliparadp you ever saw!
: Including — That Harmonious NBC-WLW Trio MORIN SISTERS From Fowler, Ind.
• ON THE SCREEN •
OUR NERVE
LYNN BARI • JUNE GALE Guinn Williams • Michael Whalen. Edward Brophu
SXT/fA ADDCD STARS! PAT RODNEYm mTiiiiii
• ADMISSION • ALL SEATS 25( ALL SEATS 30c
11:30
to
1:00 1:00
to
2:00
2:00 P. M. TO CLOSING 15c - 30c - 40c
Stage Shows
1:30 - 3:40 - 5:50 8:00 - 10:00^ I -^ , <. \ jjt^ “ ^ J ^ ^ < r
Saturdcty, March 18, 1938
THE PURDUE
^hnhtA.
’'■‘S'^ifj,
EXPONENT
WPA Weight Lifters On Athletic Carnival Program
iisddsjA.
Adding to the many attractions of the coming Purdue Athletic Carnival, a four-man weight lifting team from the WPA Recreation Center at Kokomo will give an exhibition of strong 'man feats and Olympic lifts, on March 23. A descriptive broadcast of the events and technique will accompany the exhibition.
Chief Clevett announced that the half hour exhibition will feature three state AAU record holders. Andrew Richards, 132 pounder, has broken records twice this season while Chet Tressel, 163 pounder, has broken several state records and promises to be one of the outstanding middle weight lifters in the
country today.
Boxers Should Report Entry lists in eight weight classes for boxing eliminations are open and all applicants should report to “Punchie" Maxwell at the ring, Saturday 1:30 to 4 or Monday and Tuesday at 5:30. Purdue Golden Glovers will compete in a separate event while ward and fraternity men will battle for the Carnival Championship in the following weight events, 120, 130, 140, 150, 160, 170, 180, and heavyweight. Gold, silver and bronze medals will be awarded the winning fighters in each class. A trophy of a boxing figure will be awarded to winners in the Golden Gloves event. Chief
Clevett said.
Five man tug of war teams will struggle for trophies and medals throughout the evening, he further stated. Ward winners, after eliminations have been completed and the winner chosen, will receive individual medals while fraternity winners will receive a trophy for their champion’s efforts. Teams may practice at any time in the Fieldhouse with a rope obtainable from the checkout room.
ly than earn it.
they can you
-fc-
WAA News Wards 2 and 4 combined yesterday afternoon to beat Women’s Residence Hall South by the score of 48-28.
f ‘
LINEN SERVICE
LOW COST
Your linen investment need not be an item! Just let us furnish the linens for your business. “ON A RENTAL BASIS” - - WE SUPPLY
TWO NEW NAIL POLISH SHADES for FALL
by Age
The now polish fhaf clients say "wears like iron ' Regency... with an eye to daytime fashions. Miss Sage presents ^ this new pale, smoky-pink, ^ grape-dust shade for costume colors from smoky-gray to deep wine tones.
Vintage... Designed to add a sparkling note to the new purple evening fabrics. A deep purplered like luscious grapes. SIXTY CENTS
LOEB & M E NE CO/WPANV
Manasrer...
^hoksL
By Bruce Witwer
It is an established fact that men are always learning lessons from women but when men start' teaching women, that’s another matter ... the Boilermaker fencers are becoming socialites with the party they had for the co-ed duelists last Thursday ... it was a revelation to have some of the he-men fencers give talks about their specific weapons while the gals just sat and listended ... a reversal of general circumstances as it were.
—^fc—
“California here we come” . . . such is the cry that Purdue boxers Lyles, Bacharach, and Benna yelp into the teeth of the gale of fistic opposition . .. the last of this month brings along the State AAA boxing tournaments and the winners of the State go to San Francisco for the National finals ... 26 States are sending their delegates . . . sunny Califofnia, the World’s Fair, and beautiful movie stars, maybe, just for the price of being able to pummel your fellow men more effective-
they
Matmen, Thinlies Travel To Indianapolis Wrestlers Battle In Grid Practice Track Team To Run Kentucky - Indiana ^oves inside Against 27 Schools
. . . Pie Traynor of the Pirates will be trying to continue the steady push of his club to the top since his acceptance of the reins in 1934. A jurhp this season would mean the crown for the Smoky City nine, as they garnered the second spot last year. In his stay at the helm of the Pittsburgh club Traynor has piloted it to two fourth places, a third, a second. It seems that 86 victories is the most that can be expected however, as the* Pirates garnered that number in 1935,1937, and 1938, while 1936 saw 84 wins on the ledger. Quite consistent work, and an indication of getting all there is out of a team.
AAU Matches Today Traveling to Indianapolis today in its final meet of the ^season, the Purdue wrestling squad will compete in the Indiana-Kentucky AAU championship tournament. Definitely improving as the season closed, the Riveter grapplers will enter the tournament with a strong team, stated Coach Reeck. Taking many men who have not previously entered in regular competition, Coach Reeck ^aid, prospects for next year’s team are even brighter. ' Entries in the meet are: 123 pound class—Fredericks, Anderson. 134 pound class—Roche, Anderson, Thompson. 145 pound class—Malmquist, Lmdeman, Rawlins, Wadleigh, Huston. 158 pound class—Seybold, Camperman. Beam. 191 pound class—Aronson. Heavyweight—A. Rossi and I. Rossi.
Punluc Flicis Will ^ Modslsn Mb®! 6o To Washington roOisoissPlans
Paul Carrara, exchange student from Italy, has been exhibiting some flashy fencing form aroui^jd these parts all year ... while he isn’t able to enter active participation, he has been doing his bit in lending a helping hand with the training .
G. S. Meickle, head of the Purdue Research Foundation, and six student members of Purdue’s- Flying Club will journey to Washington, D. C., this week-end. In Washington, they will attend the National Intercollegiate Flying Club Conference which will be held in that city on Monday and Tuesday, March 20 and 21. Chief interest of the local group will be in lobbying to bring this year’s National Intercollegiate Flying Club meet to the Purdue airport. The group attending the conference will include R. T. Chevedden, president of the local club; R. H. Kimball, vice-president; C. A. Reising, treasurer; F. H. Habicht, R. N. Schneblin, and E. M. Hamer. Poems Published Jean Hanley, home economics ’37, has had several poems which she has written recently published in Chicago and Indianapolis papers. Miss Hanley’s poetry will also appear in three anthologies being published this year.
>411 the
FLOWERS n^augliarts SEEDS— JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONE 2777
Approximately 40 persons were present last night at the second meeting of model airplane fans in room C of the Union. The speakers were: Mr. R. A. MacGregor, of the Applied Mechanics Depaitment; Mr. R. L. Miller and Mr, A. J. (Tony) Vellinger, of the General Engineering Depaitment, and Jim Ashton, Student Union vice president; with Kenneth Harker acting as chair-
man.
Ai-rangements have been completed for,the owners of gasoline models to check their motors in the Union Workshop, a potential motor clinic, A storeroom will be provided in the sub-basement of the Union in whi^ they may store their models. A committee appointed at the first meeting obtained permission for the owners of rubber-powered models to fly their ships in the Fieldhouse. Decker’s Bookstore has announced that it will give a trophy and prizes if the club successfully organizes a gas model con-
test.
At the next meeting of the club on Friday, March 24, an election of officers will be held. The time and place of the meeting will be announced later in the Exponent. The club is interested in meeting everyone with ideas for a name or insignia for the club just preceeding its meeting next Friday.
During Cold Hampered for the second day by vcold and windy weather, the football squad is taking advantage of the indoor facilities provided by the Fieldhouse for continued spring practice with general practice on fundamentals taking up the time. Scrimmage Started Last Monday marked the first day of work for the varsity members and they were provided with scrimmage as an opening dish. According to Coach Mai Elward, “With the keen competition for all positions, there will be lots of hard scrimmage this spring. Every day that the weather permits, we will be out on Stuart Field with scrimmage each day out there.” With reference to the competition for all posts Elward cited the freshmen that can be looked to for help on the coming squad. At the tackles, one of which will be vacated by CoCaptain Joe Mihal’s graduation, two freshmen, I. Rossi and Santow, and one reserve from last year, Kinyon, have been showing up especially well to give trouble for Diehl, Timperman, and Johnson of this past season. More Freshmen Donnelly and Melton are a couple of first year men who are showing up well at the guard position. Combs and Sprowl are expected to bolster the already crowded end positions, while Hobbs is a help for the center spot. Thus, a complete frosh forward wall is showing its might to the varsity members who are striving to maintain their posi-
tions.
To the already plentiful backfield material must be added the name of Galvin, a freshman to be given consideration for a halfback spot along with several other hopeful year-
lings.
University 4-H Club Members Plan Party University 4-H Club members will attend a party March 25 in the Memorial Gymnasium from 8 to 11 p. m. Over 800 students, representing more than half the agx'iculture and home economics enrollment, as former club members will be eligible to take part in the games, folk dances and other forms of entertainment which have been planned for the evening. An admission charge of 10 cents will be made. Tickets may be purchased from John Hardin, Frank E. DeLaCroix, or at the 4-H Club offices. Members may bring friends if they desire.
COLONIAL GARDENS TOMMY TUCK-ER INN Why Can’t You? Dine Dance
At Butler Relay Meet Boileripaker track stars will meet the top track teams of the Middle West today at Indianapolis, as 27 schools attempt to win the Butler Relays championship. Michigan, defending champion, is favored to retain its title in this battle of stars. Riveter Men Leading the Riveter squad, Art Bodeau, Big Ten half mile champ, will race with his teammates, Holderman, Knapp, and Harozick in the four mile relay. Steve Gutting Purdue’s high hurdler, will enter the 60 yard hurdles with the avowed intention of breaking the record. Bob Lemen has been the Boilermaker’s only victor in recent years. A feature of the relays will be a special mile and a half run in which Don Lash and Joe McCluskey, New York A. C. star, will perform. Other Teams The Butler Relays, as started by Coach Phillips, included all the long distance relays while sprint events will be for individuals. It has attracted the central intercollegiate champion Notre Dame, Ohio State, Pittsburgh, Wisconsin, and many other famous track schools. In the mile relay, Luther, Simmons, and Shackleton will probably be coupled with Bodeau. Music Room Program To Star Lee Piano Duo Ruth and Noel Lee, West Side High School freshmen, will furnish the music for the regular Simday afternoon program in the music room tomorrow at 4 p. m. in a return engagement. They appeared on one of the music room programs last year. Both are accomplished pianists and have appeared on the campus and over the air waves on numerous occasions. They ai‘e also members of the high school orchestra. A cordial invitation is extended to all interested people by Student Union officials. The program will start promptly at 4 p. m. and no one will be admitted thereafter. The program will be announced in tomorrow’s Exponent. Drysdale Will Speak To Reserve Officers Col. W. S. Drydale, head of the reserve in, the Fifth Corps Area, will address the Lafayette chapter of reserve officers Tuesday at 7 p. m. During the day he will inspect the headquarters of the Lafayette military district. His talk to the reseiwe officers will be entitled “Battle of Shanghai.” R. C. Zimmer, captain of the local unit of Scabbard and Blade, extends a cordial invitation to all members of that organization as well as all others who are interested. The meeting will be held in the civil service room" in the west end of the basement of the Lafayette Post Office.
Smiles, Not Gloominess To become a member of the Anti-Sour-Puss Organization one only needs to radiate joy and contentment. To aid in a psychological way in spreading happiness by smiling and in this way instill confidence and break up fear psychology. This psychology also applies to your ■ car—bring it in and we will make the car a member of the Anti-Break Down Society.
PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama Street
After You We Come First
Phone 4048 %3kc£iL ditbu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
VInticcA
Saturday, March 1$, 1939
Co-ed Pledges Can Take It Too ^WBAA
day, March 18, at 8 a. m. as follows: A-E, Civil Engineering: Building; F-K, Michael Golden Shops; L-R, room 264, Electrical Engineering Building; and S-2, room 129, Electrical Engineering Building. —KNAPP.
By .1. L. Traugott With a goodly portion of the freshman male population of the campus sitting gingerly in their class chairs these days, one cannot help wondering just what Hell Week IS meaning to female sorority freshman. One way to find out is to ask them. We did. A telephone call at any sorority house this week will inevitably be answered by some lowly pledge who will spend the first five minutes of your time informing you that she IS a bucktoothed, crosseyed, lowly earthworm, or words to that effect. However, all the girls seem to be agreed on the point that it is simply “maivelous” and “just gobs of fun.” Whether this was a free, spontaneous thought or whether some active Mas standing beside the telephone, ive were unable to discern. How, Paleface! The main objectioifs voiced have been on the grounds that the socalled typical Purdue co-ed is done no particular service by being made to go cosmeticless. Also the prohibition of telephone conversations has put quite a cramp in the activities of some of the freshman siiens. Our loll call of pledges’ opinions went something like this: Theta: “We spent last night doing imitations of Mickey Mouse, Gunga Din, Poopdeck Pappy, and other characters—including Alice the Goon! We eat some of our meals with our backs to the table. Oh, we use mirrors, but we’re always spilling something in our hair; it’s gobs of fun! All the pledges have to clean rooms and run errands.” (We heard of at least one Theta pledge who wall be granted the great privilege of standing in line at 5 a. m. for a senior prom ticket). In line with growing civilization of Hell Week, Kappa Alpha Theta IS one of the sororities on the cqmpus that does not require its pledges to perform Hell Week activities outside the chapter house. Tsk! Tsk! Alpha Chi: “We are not speaking M'lth representatives of the Exponent.” ? ? ? Chi Omega: “We wear heavy cot-
Outing’ Club: Breakfast hike to the WAA cabin will be Sunday, March 26. Meet in front of WRH South. All those wishing to go call Mona Balcom, 2430, before Saturday, March 26. \ —BALCOM.
tomorrow
in the /
(^kurck
e6
St. John’s Episcopal 8:00 a. in.—Holy Communion. Corporate Communion followed by breakfast in Parish house. St. John’s Choir will sing the sacred cantata, “Daughter of Jarius,” by Stainer. 6:00 p. m.—Young People’s Fellowship. Presbyterian and Congregational Students Morning program at Central Presbyterian Church, Lafayette. 9:30 a. m.—Morning worship. Sermon by the pastor, Di. W. R. Graham. Evening progiain at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz St. 6:00 p. m.—Student forum. Following the suppei, a program of Hymn singing will be conducted using the new hymn book just secured for the group, Wesley Foundation 9:30 a. m.—Co-ed class—“What Does It Mean To Be a .Christian?” Men’s class taught by Mr. Layvrence J. Pierce. 10:40 a. m.—Morning wprship. Sermon by Dr. Otto Scott Steel. Theme 'will be “Unfulfilled Impulse.” 6:00 p. m.—Fellowship supper. Irene Sutherlin in charge. 6:30 p. m.—^Wesley players produce “Mud Walls.” West Lafayette Baptist 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams club class. T. K. Noss, teacher. 10:35 a. m.—Morning church worship service. Sermon by the pastor, Joseph Baird Gleason. Topic is “The Way, the Truth, the Life.”. 5:30 p. m.—Club social hour and lunch. 6:30 p, ra.—Club discussion group. Subject, “Christian Prayer” by Mrs. A. E. Morehouse. 7:30 p. m.—Evening service. Sermon by the pastor, “Hojir Is God’s Name.”
ton stockings, eat with wooden spoons, face to the East while in the house, and are not allowed to speak above a whisper. It’s really wonderful; it teaches us self control and to get over our silliness.” (Step number one in “How to Refine a Purdue Co-ed.”) Alpha Xi: The girls weren’t in any mood to elucidate on the virtues of Hell Week after being dragged out of bed to the chapter house. Kappa: “If you see someone rjd\ing a kiddie car or digging for earth worms, that’s us.” Coercion Pi Phi “There’s an active standing right behind me, so I guess it’s all quite swell. Today we prepared for rain by wearing appropriate apparel on the campus—including open umbrellas. We all have a little trouble getting downstairs, you know—one step down and three steps back up.” Some of the outstanding attracttions for those sadists who take a particular delight in the chastisement of the female pledges are: the guai’ds in front of the Alpha Chi house wearing R. 0. T. C. uniforms in combination with skirts, the Pi Phis running around the campus with umbrellas, raincoats, and galoshes, and to add insult to injury— devoid of all makeup. Then there is the rumor that the Kappa pledges have taken up tricycling down Waldion street. University Entries For Flower Show Shipped To St. Louis University entries for the annual St. Louis Flower Show were shipped to St. Louis Fiiday. The show, which opens today for a nine day run, is of national importance. Pi of. E. R. Honeywell, of the horticulture department, is at present in St. Louis with the University exhibit. Plants entered in the show have been under cultivation since the first of September. The student divisions of the show are open to all sophomore, junior, and seniod students of universities having floricultuie departments. Last year Purdue placed second behind the University of Illinois. The positions were reversed however, at the National Flower Show in Toronto, Ont. Professor Honeywell stated that considering quality of this year’s plants as compared to the quality of last year’s, Purdue has an excellent chance of placing first in the student division.
Dr. Leland Will Speak At Druggists' Ninth Annual Convention “Socialized Medicine” will be the topic of Dr. R. G. Leland, director of the Bureau of Medical Economics of the American Medical Association when he speaks in the Union ballroom Tuesday evening, March 21. The occasion will be the annual dinner of the ninth annual Druggists’ Business Conference to which the university will play host for the two day period from March 21 to 22. Other topics which will be discussed at the conference range from the relationship between vitamins and the pharmacist, to drug, po'ison and cosmetic laws. The Indiana Pharmacist, edited by a former Purdue man, J. L. Weinland, has dedicated its February issue to this conference. Weinland was formerly a member of the pharmacy staif and is now secretary of the Indiana Pharmaceutical Association. Wesley Group To Enact India Play Tomorrow Wesley Players will present their first play of the second semester, “Mud Walls,” a one-act play of India, Sunday evening at 6:30 at the West Lafayette Methodist Church. Lois McCaughey will play the leading part of a missionary in charge of a leper hospital. The male lead, that of a crippled leper who has to walk on his hands, is taken by Kenneth Broome. Thomas McConoha plays the pait of a high caste Hindu, with Winifred Thompson as his wife. Other parts are taken by Earl Duggleby and Robert Sine. '®’Real Hindu costumes made in India have been boi rowed for the performance by Cornelia Caldwell. Carl Stuart is stage managei. JOHN BALKEMA TIN SHOP Carl G. Bufz, Prop. Tin and Sheet Iron Work of Every Description Furnace Work of All Kinds 104 MAIN SHOP PHONE 6852
the Purdue Exponent
Service •
Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC“ Everything for a ' College Education H. G. REISNER
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Professional
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST )19VSt Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Locksmith
Blue Prints BLACK AND WHITE PRINTS Direct Process West Side Blue Print Shop 125 West Stadium Ave.
"C CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repeiring SKATE SHARPINING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mein at 7th Phone 6050
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocka. Auto keys a specialty- BIcycIsa, ac'essorles and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th 5t. Fh«ie 2t2»
“THE VOICE or PURDUE" —Today— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:15—Caroyln Wood, soprano. 11:30—High School Guest Program. 12:00—Time Signals. 12:00—Charles Powell, Tune Time. 12:15—The Woman Shopper. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market Reports. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—Stamp Club of the Air. 2:15—Greek Letter Parade. 2:45—Paul Funk, pianist. 3:00—Campus Varieties.
Christian Science Orgranization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, March 21, at 7 :30 p. m. in room C of the Union. “ —MACK.
Student Union Workers: All available workers report to the office at 1 p. m. Saturday, March 18. Important. —STOCKER.
Mortar Board: Compulsory meeting Tuesday, March 21, at 6 p. m. in the WSGA office. Dinner meeting Friday, March 24, at 6;S0 p. m. —WOOD.
Co-ed Exponent Staff: Meeting of all members of the staff at 4 o’clock Monday, March 24, in room E of the Union. Work must he done on the special edition. ' —McKEE. Gimlet: Important business meeting, Wednesday, March 22, at 6 :46 p. m. at Kappa Sigma house. Selection of pledges. All members are urged to attend. —SWAN.
Senior Personnel Data Sheets: The following may check proof of data sheets in Debris office until 4 p. m. Saturday, March 18. If not checked, proof will be assumed correct: R. W. Shaw, H. J. Sieber, H. C. Johnson, R. A. Buckles, J. A. Kirlin, E. P. Senk, R. C. McNeil, G. M. Bayles, D. Bell, T. W. Conron, E. B. Coolman, F. G. Dougherty, L. E. Foust, M. W. GalHers^ D. W. Hert, V. H. Lewis, W. G. McLaughlin, H. R. Mitchell, M. L. Munson, C. C. Schmuck, S. E. Vinson, M. E. Wickersham, K. G. Hookanson. —HENSLER. Basketball Play Day: All girls interested in trying out for the team report to the Women’s Gym Monday, March 20, at 6 o’clock. —REIMAN.
Ads
PIA Social Dance Club: Will meet at 8 :30 p m Monday, March 20, in the Women’s Gym —KNIGHT. Reamer Club: Members and pledges meeting Monday, March 20, at 8 p. m. in room P of the Union. —JACKS.
Forestry Club: Important meeting Tuesday, March 21, at 7 :80 in the Horticultural Building. Foresters Ball committee will be elected. Officers for the coming year will also be elected and the senior award will be made. Meeting will be short. —GLAZEBROOK.
Freshmen Engineers: CivH engineering camp announcement bulletins for 1939 may be obtained in room 102 of the Civil Engineering Building. (3-24) —LOMMEL.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. IF YOU WANT delicious home-cooked meals, eat at Townsend’s. 648 Main Street.
Notices
Freshman Engineers: All those enrolled in GE 2 leport for engineering lectures Satur-
Senior Military Officers: The following seniors have not reported to Hineas for their class pictures. They must do this not later than Saturday, March 18, if they desire to be in the class picture: Duval, (Aoss, Ogle, Ruth, Coen, R. C. Phillips, Prechter, Barley, Dewenter, M. L. Gregory, Hopkins, Hutchins, Kantz, N. F. Meyers, Milton C. Reeves, Tryon, Coolman, J. F. Doyle, Eckstein, F. W. Fisher, Hrast, Hymen, H. C. Johnson, A. P. Knapp, Kuzmitz, McClarren, Marks, C. P. Reed, Schreiner, Wickersham, C. J. Camp. —PICKERING. Geology 5: The examination for removal of conditions in Geology 6 will be given Saturday, March 26, from 1-4 p. m. in loom 207, Heavilon Hall, All those who plan to take the examination see me before Wednesday, March 22. —SERVISS.
Freshmen Exponent Workers: The following editorial staff will work for these days: Monday, O’Connell, Etter, Robinson, Pick^: Tuesday, Mueller, Fletcher, Kennedy, Rohwer, Sears, Ochiltree; Wednesday, daggers, Jarrett, Shallerup, Sidwell, Schlossberg; Thursday, Parks, Hays, Elvis, Hupp, Ruffner; Friday, Payne, Kung, Taugott, Anderson, Powers ; Saturday, Heaton, Mothmann, Kepner, Smith. See notice on bulletin board. —CHARDIN.
Conditions in CE 21: The examination for removal of C grade in C3E 21 will bo given in room 301, Civil Engineering Building, from 1 to 4 p. m. Saturday, March 26. Please consult me at once. (3-22) —SONESON.
CE 59 Conditions: Examination for the removal of “C” grades will be given Saturday, April 16, at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. (3-24) —WILEY.
WAA Class Basketball: Practice will be held Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, March 20, 21, 22. Two out of three practices are requiied. —REIMAN.
Junior Chemical Engineers: Inspection trip assessments are due. Pay in room 107 of Heavilon Hall before March 21. Those applying for excuses should do so at once. —LOVELL.
The Friend of Every Shirt We don’t like to brag about the extra fine service and laundering that we give every single man’s shirt, but it’s a special fact. And we have noticed that the men who use our service always look fresher, neater and better groomed. What we’d really like to do is leave the decision up to you. Just send us your shirts for a month or so . . . then look back and refiect a hit . . . we guarantee you’ll be happier about the whole thing!
FINE C L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
It’s Up to YOU, Mr. Merchant:-
The Purdue students always have and always will represent a high buying class in Lafayette and West Lafayette. You can get your share of their money by reaching them thru the advertising space of . . . THE Purdue Exponent ^ Business Phone — 5038
4
<