f/ At*, “tf ' - ^s ^"M , I- tl
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Cloudy with rain and warmer today. Tomorrow cloudy and colder.
Purdue Exponent
fl-Sr^'*|
SATUR0AY January 7,1939 Lafayette, Indiana Vol. 50 No. 86
Z-186
Board Awards Contracts For New Union Additions While steamshovels huffed and puffed on what is left of the campus, the University Board of Trustees awarded Thursday contracts ior plumbing, heating and ventilating, and electric wiring for the new Memorial Union additions. ——Successful bidders on the 57 room
Ag Conference To Broadcast On WLS, WBAAJanuary9-tO Taking to the airways on Monday and Tuesday, the annual Agricultural Conference) which opens on Monday for a week, will broadcast the “Dinnerbell program” over WLS and WBAA from 12 to 12:30 originating in the music room of the Union. Monday T. A. Coleman, acting director of agricultural extension, will explain the week’s program; Prof Frank Hall, of the history and economics department, will review his talk to the opening session. Student’s Viewpoint Lowell Hardin, Ag. ’39, will give a student’s viewpoint of the conference. Fred Hardin, Knightstown, president of Indiana Growers Association, will discuss the crowning of the corn king, which is set for Monday evening. On Tuesday’s piogram W. F. Giaham, superintendent of the conference, will discuss hig-hlights of the Conference, and Palmer Edgerton, a trustee of the University and vice-president of the Indiana Farm Management Association, will take up problems relating to farm management. Home Ec Highlights Miss Leila Gaddis, head of home economics extension, will review the high spots on the Home Ec program foi the week. Mis. John Capper, Star City, and William Kohlmeyer of the poultiy extension department w^ill discuss turkey raising in Indiana Fifteen minute lecordings for broadcast over WLW, Cincinnati, will be made during the confeience and aired in the near future. It's Cat's Pajamas; Davis Makes 'Life' A picture of pajama-clad Dr. J. J. Davis, of the University department of entomology, appears on page 17 of the current issue of Life January 9. The picture shows the professor sitting on his bedside preparing a speech which he gave befoie the American Association for the Advancement of Science, after he got dressed the next day. The conference was 103rd meeting of the organization and was attended bV approximately 5,000 scientists. In his speech Dr. Davis voiced the general sentiments of the conference when he stated, “Only free science can preserve our high standards of living.”
'P' Men To Rule Ballroom Tonite
residence unit were; H. B. Lammers, Lafayette, electric wiring and fixtures, $9,720; Hayes Bros., Indianapolis, plumbing $28,968; and Freyn Bros., Indianapolis, heating and ventilating, $12,000. Low bidders on the west wing, which will include the new ballroom and additional student activity rooms were: Porter, Glore, and Glass, Indianapolis, electric wiring and fixtures, $49,883; and Hayes Bros., heating and ventilating, $103,750. Letting of these contracts brings total awards for the new Union additions to $742,100. When finally completed, however, the new additions, which double the present floor space, will cost upwards of a million dollars. Most of the funds were made available by PWA grants and the lemainder by bond issues. A. E. Kemmer, Lafayette, and K. M. Kettlehut, West Lafayette, won the contracts for the general construction work for the west addition and the residence wing respectively. These contracts were awarded December 15. Annual Song Festival Will Draw 52 County Choruses Next Week Fifty-two choruses, each representing an Indiana county, will participate in the annual Agricultural Conference music festival at Jefferson High School on Wednesday night, January 11. Besides their individual participation, many of these choruses have arianged to take part in the large choir, which will be composed of more than 1,000 voices. This choir will be directed by Albert P. Stewait. University music director Keen competition is expected in a contest for the attendance trophy, which will be given to the group traveling the greatest number of miles in proportion to its size. In order to obtain permanent possession of the trophy, a group must win it three times. In addition to singing by the giant chorus Stewart has arranged for special music by the Purdue concert orchestra. No admission will be charged at the festival. 1,500 Balloons... . . . dropped on the heads of dancers last night at 11:15 during Cary Club’s New Year’s Ball in the Union ballroom. Hats and horns were passed out to 450 couples as they entered the ballroom, and confetti was distributed after the intermission. Addiess books bound in white pigskin weie given to each giil.
Purdue Cage Squad Meets
At Blanket Hop Northwestem For Initial
Conference Battle Tonight
This year, for the first time, mem-
bers of the “P” Men’s Club have complete charge of the “P” Men’s Blanket Hop, scheduled for tonight in the Union ballroom following the Northwestern basketball game. Dress will be informal, as students are urged to wear the same clothes
that they wear to the game. A high spot of the evening’s en-
tertainment will be a jitterbug contest, staged by the “P” men. The crowd will choose the best “P” man
jitterbug.
Meet The Queen Presentation of the king and the queen of the hop will take place at 11 p. m. Following is the list of co-eds eligible for queen, as nominated by the “P” Men’s Club. Peggy Boyce, Marjorie Blocker, Anna Fay Campbell, Frances Eastburn, Winifred Gregory, Alice Martens, Helen Lange, Dorothy Miller, Caroline Scott, Betty Jo Sexton, Mickey Upsure, and Mary Jane
West.
Meet The King The king will be selected from the senior “P” men. Both king and queen will be chosen by popular vote taken at the door from 9 until 10 o’clock. After crowning of the royal pair, dancers will take pait in the grand
march.
Harold Greenameyer, known for his affiliation with the Mills Brothers on several occasions, will furnish rhythm for dancing. Programs may be obtained at the usual mixer price of one dollar, at the Union or at the fraternity houses. How Far Do You Go To Get Somewhere? Is It Worth It? By the Roving Mathematician How far do the PWA excavations send you out of your way on a walk from the Biology Lions to the Sweet
shop ?
A slide rule and a military pace tally indicate it is 504% feet from the lions to the north-west corner of the Libiary. From here you may either go around or through the Library. In going around the building, taking the diagonal at the corner, you go 268 feet. But if you go thiough the building, you only go 245 feet. If you should absent-mindely pass the back door, you’ll have to go 249 feet out of your way to get to the front door. From the Library front door there aie two routes open to the Union; the sidewalk and the grass. The former route is 702% feet long, while the latter route is 558 feet long—a difference of 143% feet. Your destination, the sweet shop is just 184% feet ahead. Therefore- if you are traveling from the lions to the Union sweet shop you may walk either 1506% feet by short cuts, or 1765 feet by the long loute. By grass 255% feet aie saved.
Students Pick Kyser For Prom
By Fred Nowadays, with our major vacation tucked under our calendar pads along with the old year, it’s about time to discuss things and stuff for the coming semester—and, among other things, the Junior Prom. With an article in yesterday’s Exponent concerning the assigning of Junior Prom Committee positions. Prom publicity seems to be off to an early start. Therefore the time has arrived to release the latent tabulations of campus opinions of contemporary orchestras, with an eye to the Junior dance. Some Stuff Blanks were filled out at the Boilermaker Brawl and the results have been tabulated. Judging from the handwriting—^which seemed amazingly uniform on about half the ballots—this should be the real stuff —or stuffing at least.
Throwing out all the ballots that weie definitely off-color, we compiled the following statistics. We took into consideration all the times a band was mentioned and paid no attention to the choice (whether first, second, or third). The first compilation revealed the band leading the race was that of Kay Kyser. Kyser, Dorsey, Kemp Closely following on the heels of “the man and his band who gave you singing song titles” came Tommy Dorsey and Hal Kemp. However, as the orchestras were named in that order choice, here ai’e the results in that order. Kay Kyser and Benny Goodman tied in the lead for first choice of bands, while T. Dorsey took third. That Kyser man, again, led the race
injured Captain
Against Northwestern’s unpreciictable basketball team, a team that has won only two games in seven starts bht has shown power in occasional spurts, Ward Lambert and his Purdue basketeers begin the defense of their Big Ten title tonight at 7:30 in the Purdue Fieldhouse. Both clubs will go into the fracas with outstanding stars in questionable physical condition.
The visitors are expected to be without the services of Jim Currie, veteran guard, while the status of Captain Gene Anderson, the Boilermaker’s all-conference center last season, is decidedly an uncomfortable problem for Coach
Lambert.
During yesterday’s practice drill under the direction of assistant coach Taube, however, Anderson took part for a short time, but his injured thigh muscle gave him considerable trouble in driving. Although the practice appearance showed that the Purdue leader will make only limited appearances against the Wildcats, his presence gives the squad an added lift in mo-
rale
Sophomore Forwards Providing Fisher is used at center in place of the injured Anderson, a pair of sophomore forwards, Igney and Swarts, will be displayed
foi second choice, with a large ma101 itv over T. Doisey, second, and Hal Kemp, thud. 23 Bands Bands listed by those expressing their choices included Lairy Clinton, Aitie Shaw, Hal Kemp, Glen Gray, Fathei Hines, Duke Ellington, Bob Ciosby, Little Jack Little, Phil Hairis, Jan Gaiber, Horace Heidt Tommy Doisey, Benny Goodman, t»my^Doisey, Kay Kyser, Sammy Kay, Guy Lombardo,”'Dick St^l5e7 Clyde McCoy, Wayne King, Ted Weems, A. Ostott, and Joe Blow. The Hoosier Hot-Shots were not mentioned. All in all the poll was a very, very stuffy affair. Incidentally, those who stuffed the ballot box will be glad to know that the Progressive party had the majority of ballots.
Still bothered by an aggravated “Charley horse,” Gene Anderson, captain and center of Purdue’s defending championship basketball team, will see only limited service in tonight’s opening Big Ten contest with Northwestern. Dan Fisher, junior forward, will probably be moved to the pivot post, with filling of his vacated position somewhat in doubt.
Arrangements Caravan Broadcast For Air Unit To Honor Wisconsin
Still Indefinite Recently announced aiuangements for training private civilian pilots at Purdue are still indefinite, according to a communication received last night from the University aeronautical department. Some definite announcement as to materialization of the plan is not expected for three weeks. The entire project will be administered through the Civil Aeronautics Authority at Washington, D. C. Purpose of the proposed scheme is to increase the number of available trained men fiom which the military department can draw for military pilot training. Good descriptions of the pioposal can be read in Newsweek January 9, pages 11 and 12, and Time, January 9,
page 16.
Tentative plans announced recently through national press services stated that Purdue is scheduled to be one of the 12 universities in the country which will offer flying instruction to its students at the beginning of the second semestei. Dr. R. H. Carr... ... of the department of agricultural chemistry, who is on a year’s leave of absence for study and lectures in Australia, is enjoying summer weather there and meeting a great many interesting agricultm-al educatoi s and farmers on the other side of the world, according to letters and newspapers received here by Dr. Carr’s friends. The temperature as reported in copies of the Brisbane Courier-Mail received here showed 82, with a minimum of 61, for December 5, the date of the paper received.
Returning to the air for the first time since Christmas vacation. College Caravan will honor the University of Wisconsin today. Originating in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union, the program will be on the air from 1:30 to 2 p. m. Bill Adams and Mary Alice Miller are in charge of the
program.
Campus Varieties at 3 p. m. will also be broadcast from rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Included on the progiam are Bud Biyant and his orchestra with Jo Friend, featured
vocalist.
Russ Mock and Bob Reed will make a piano and sax team while Marvin Smith and Pat Heine will also vocalize over the air waves. Both programs will be open to the public, but no one will be admitted after the broadcast has started.
Student tickets for tonight’s contest with Northwestern will be available at the Fieldhouse ticket office until noon today. Non-stu-dents wishing tickets may purchase them at the ticket office. at forward. Igney is the lad who provided the spark that felled the giants of Arkansas in the Sugar Bowl tilt during vacation. Tommy Dickinson, the fastest Purdue basketeer since the days of Johnny Wooden’s exploits for the Gold and Black five’s back in 1929-30-31, will start at one of the guard posts. Dickinson has displayed terrific speed in driving under the hoop during the holiday contests. Wildcats Beat The Irish The Wildcats, although losing the majority of their opening games, » will present a formidable combination against the Purdue team. The Northwestern club, always dangerous in conference competition, recently rallied to defeat Notre Dame, one of the country’s outstanding quintets by three points. Ad Vance, one of the g;reatest athletes ever to come out of the Indiana cradle of basketball stars, will start at one of the Wildcat’s guard positions. Probable Starting Lineups PURDUE .. . Pos.. . NWSTRN Igney F .. . Shepard Swarts - .F .. Davis Fisher. . . C Harman Dickinson G Vance Beretta. G Voights OFFICIALS—Referee, Lyle Clarno, Bradley; Umpire, Ed Powers, Detroit.
Critic For Indianapolis News Tells Background Of Symphony Program
By Walter Whitworth "' Editor’s Note. This article and two similai ones to follow were written by Walter Whitworth, Indianapolis News rnusie and dramatic ciitic. These articles give a little background infoimation concerning the Indianapolis Symphony Oichestra’-. concert
progiam to be given Thursday
Mu^ b^ an American composer has its place on each Indianapolis Symphony program. Dubensky’s “Fugue for Eighteen Violins” will be given on their convo program
Tuesday night.
Although Dubensky was born in Russia, he has lived in the United States a good part of his life. A violinist (he was, at one time, a member of the first violin section of the New York Symphony), he has
devoted much of his time to com-
posing.
The music follows the traditional form of the Fugue as it was developed and established by Bach and composers of- the- older,-oo-eaHed
“classical school.”
Roman Carnival Overture Berlioz, whose claim to the first rank as a master of orfl^llstration is incontestable, partly because he knew the capabilities of the various instruments better than the vtctUr. osi who played them> wi’pte the “Roman Carnival” Overture as an introduction to the second act of his (Continued on page 4)^dibfdedL
THE POBDUE EXPONENT
^JUXjtWUUL
Saturday, January 7,1939
Answering Requests... . . . made this year by students wanting a four-day Thanksgiving holiday, the University faculty Executive Committee has set up a special student-faculty committee to “reexamine and make recommendations relative to any changes in the annual University caljendar.” Discussion with representatives of the student group which agitated this fall for the longer Thanksgiving holiday prompted the plan for forming this committee. Since the calendar for 1939-40 had already gone to press in December, no changes can be made for next year. Recommendations of this new ^mmittee, if approved by the faculty, may change the calendar for years thereafter, however. This committee will begin work with two special problems to consider. First there is the ever-recurring Thanksgiving holiday question, which always bring up a difference of opinion among the student body. When a Thanksgiving holiday is created it is done at the expense of the Christmas holiday period. Even if the two extra days were given to the students as a gift there soon would be agitation to shift them over to the Christmas vacation. The other problem deals with shortening of the final examination periods, registration time, and the time between semesters. In considering this problem the mechanical difficulties met by the registrar’s office will be of prime importance, and nothing will be accomplished unless those difficulties can be obviated. This new committee will not be the first of its kind. Every two or three years in the past such a committee has been formed. From them have come slight changes from time to time. Experience shows, however, that the inelastic demands of the school work and the clerical work which must be done have withstood nearly all attempts at constructive change. If this cornmitfee can mold these demands to fit a good calendar schedule it will be able to fulfill its purpose admirably. Otherwise it will be doomed to the doubtful success met by the previous committees. P-Men.., . . . tonight will attempt for the first time to assume full responsibility for the annual Blanket Hop. This dance, given for the pur-
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Editor-In-Chief H. 1. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager ! V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger
Editor Associate Editors
Editor Associate Editors.
CO-ED STAFF Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF R. L. McDonald J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 REPREgKNTED FOB NATIONAL ADVEBTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. newYonk, N. Y. CHICAEO ■ BOETOn ■ LO* AliaiLIt - SAN rnANCIECO This newspaper is written, edited, .nnd_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AH opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Terrio Issue Editor—Ganzer Saturday, January 7
pose of buying blankets for lettermen, usually has been held in conjunction with the regular Saturday night Union mixer. This year the P-men have decided to earn the blankets for themselves by arranging this dance. Making enough money for the blankets on this one dance will be quite a task—^but we wish them luck and hope the campus will give as good support to the athletes now as it has this year at football and basketball games.
and By Georgann Schilling
Jeepers Creepers! Here we are wishing on a wishbone. Wishing that those beautiful two weeks of vacation were about to begin, that all those planned hours on the books had not gone astray, and that our scheduled rest and relaxation hours had materialized. We feel it ohr moral duty to tell you that the joyous season in which finals take place is almost upon us again. And did you know it is now 1939? It’s silly to wish you all a Happy New Year though; that’s really up to you alone. Anyhow, HiYo Silver! —H-H— Tonight the P-Men, their dates, and other enthusiastic dancers will hold forth in the Union ballroom at the Blanket Hop after the basketball game. A queen will be chosen to reign over the dance together with a king selected from the ranks of the P-Men’s club. The programs, which are being sold for tickets now, are made of large squares of heavy black blanket material decorated with a gold P monogram. Sounds like a hoopin’ good Hop. —H-H— Gordy Matthews seems to be a perfect executive outside as well as inside the Union. He succeeded in getting into the famed Kitty Davis Cocktail Lounge in Chicago on New Year’s Eve with a party of eight for only four dollars instead of the prescribed eight dollars at first demanded. Sounds like a wonderful enterprise. And the party of eight was composed of delegates from the Senate convention. —H-H— While we aie on the subject of that convention, you should have seen the Union dining the week following Chiistma''. Two hundred delegates discussing pioblems in an =^atmosphere filled with southern accents, swanky sports clothes, gowns, gals, guys, fashions, and furbelows. A large number of the giils were from the Southern states and definitely of tlie Southern Belle type. Somewhere in the struggle convention President Mary Jeanne MacKay from the University of Florida, acquired the title of “Sexy Prexy.” The convention also had
a wedding of two of thg convention delegates to celebrate. A tall dark lad from the Citadel Military School turned out,to the the Golden Boy of the convention as far as popularity among the females was concerned. His name was Bill Henderson, and he wore a uniform —or a reasonably exact facsimile thereof. —H-H— We went Kampussin’ one day and discovered that some loyal Purduites were spending their vacation here attending the convention. We saw Mary Townsend, Margaret Mitchell, Herb Fishburn, Johnny Keck, Louise Daniel, Peg Timberlake, Sal Palma, Hank Miller, Martha Baker, and Bob Insley ai’ound. _H-H— See you tomorrow.
To help World Fair employees in impressing visitors next year. Dr. Walter 0. Robinson of St. John’s University, Brooklyn, is conducting a course in grammdft.’ and diction f or the administrative officers and the guards.
MfiflVKTU STARTS TOMORROW
Symphonic Band To Give Initial Concert Thursday Purdue Symphonic Band will be heard for the first time on the campus this semester when it plays for the annual Agricultural Conference in Memorial Gymnasium. Director P. S. Emrick has announced a program of appi'oximately one hour to begin at 7:30 p. m. next Thursday evening. The numbers to be played will be chosen from the band’s present repertoire which includes overtures by Rossini, Flowtow, von Suppe and others, waltzes by Strauss, and several marches by Sousa. This particular band concert has become an annual feature of the Agiicultural Conference under the supervision of W. F. Graham, Confei ence superintendent.
A lot of stuff and things happened over the holidays but we will not bother to write, as everyone is havin’ too much fun shootin’ his or her own BULL. One little thing that did come off was a Phi Belt pin^this was before the holidaze. It was CARL SWAN’S pin and WINNIE GREGORY was the girl that replaced it. When she was asked why, she said that she was “just fickle, I guess.”
Well, well, what do you think? The Kappas have a little blonde in their house that is sportin a new “Xmas” ( ?) rock—diamond ring to you. The blonde is BEVERLIE RICE. That girl’s serious. All the noise in the card room of the Union these days has not yet fazed the Alpha Chis. Those girls are still there and are going strong. What’s the matter girls, has the Bum Room lost its appeal Old P. T. Barnum must have been right when he said that there was a sucker born every minute. A certain Ed (big shot) has given a flock of HIS birthday presents to PAT WADE, song stylist with 6teORGE WEAST’S band. He has been on the outside looking in for the past year and is playing the perfect sucker. The Cary Club dance was thrown last night and they sure had all the trimmings. RONNY JACQUESS had a little trick up from Indiana U. that is noted for her ability to do the waltze and RONNY didn’t even know the first principle, of the new step. They had a swell time (?) The Mechanicals are singing a new song these d!ays. “She was only a mechanic’s daughter, but she knew how to handle the jack.” Concert Choir To Present Varied Program At linden Journeying to Linden tomorrow, the concert choir, directed by A. P. Stewart, will give a varied program at 7:30 p. m. in the Methodist Church. Rosemary Robinson "will be the accompanist and Morey J. Doyle, solo pianist. Stewart took the Glee Club to New Castle Thursday to take part in the festivities at the Henry county mid-winter fair. They were feted at a banquet given for high school students by ag alumni of the county at 6 p. m. and sang at 8 p. m. The New Castle high school football teams were shown pictures of Purdue games by Coach G. J. Mackey and Eth Baugh, alumni secretary.
benny
With six delicious ( ^ flavorettes, he takes Paree by storm!
Your heart will pound with ex' ^ citement at the *' » ^ wonder* of this great Show of Shows: VICTOR HERBERTS
I in TECHNICOLOR finmiMmm 'Rav bolcer noRENCE MCE • M^CHA mm’ WamH BINS • RE6INAL0 GARDINER
MIBTSW ^
MODUS
dSt&ad
LAST DAY-
MARY BOLAND Charley GRAPEWIN -5 DAYS— STARTING
GRIN AND BEAR IT
B^Lidity
“Your neck is too long for the new coiffure, but I think our Mr. Emile can fix that!”
AChS Plans Crime Detection Meeting Early In February Chemical phases of crime detection will be discussed at the Crime Detection Conference planned by the University section of the American Chemical Society for Thursday, February 2. The meetings will be open to students. Lieut. Don L. Kooken, supeiwising lieutenant of the Indiana State Police, Indianapolis, will be the first speaker on the program discussing “General Methods of Cidme Control in Indiana.” He will be followed by Dr. R. N. Harger, professor of bio-chemistry and toxicology, Indiana University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, who will address the group on “Analytical Toxicology.” Following the afternoon session will be a dinner in the Union Building at 5:45 p. m. First talk of the evening meeting will be on “Criminal Poisoning or Industrial Toxicology” given by Dr. W. D. McNally, toxicologist. Rush Medical College, and consulting toxicologist, of Chicago. Dr. J. H. Mathews, chairman of
the department of chemistry. University of Wisconsin, at Madison, will discuss the “Use of Scientific Methods in Criminal Indentification with particular reference to Ballistics.” Reservations for the dinner on Thui’sday evening may be made with Dr. C. L. Shrewsbury, of the agricultural chemistry department. The AChS invites the public to attend both the Rinner and conference ses-
Funds for the erection of Silliman College, the tenth at Yale University under the college plan for undergraduate residence adopted 15 years ago, have been provided by a bequest of Frederick W. Vanderbilt, who died recently.
WARNER BROS.' fearless expose ACCIDENTS. WILL HAPPEN
MISCHA AUER MARY BOLAND EDW. EVERETT HORTON — in — 'LITTLE TOUGH GUYS IN SOCIETY"
Li Aid
MIDNITE REVUE TONITE 11:30 TOMORROW She Will Be Run Over by an Auto
LUNA SUN. - MON.
She’s been chosen by the ‘accident’ racketeers for the latest and most daring of their fake tragedies I
— LAST DAY— WILLIAM BOYD — in — "THE FRONTIERSMEN" — and — CHARLIE RUGGLES — in — 'HIS EXCITING NIGHT'
ARC
LAST DAY-
THRILL STREAKED BATTLE OF LOVE! — and — Zrimfm L.RLPERSOiifSSSrSoti^rdcfy, lanuary 7« ]i939
THE PUBDtlS
Spt^iA.
EXPONENT
Nas Win Interfraternity Championship In Squash Match By Beating Phi Psis After eliminating 20 teams before the holidays eight fraternity squash teams battled through the finals and semi-finals to decide the champi'on of the first inter-fratemity squash tourney held in the new courts on the gym floor. The winning fraternity was Beta Theta Pi which beat Phi Kappa Psi, 3-0 in the finals just before Christmas, Members of the winning team were Ferris, Messmore, and Dale, They defeated Alexander, Clevett, and Sommer, who were bearing the Phi Kappa colors. In the semi-finals. Beta Theta Pi defeated Sigma Alpha Mu by a score of 3-0 and Phi Kappa Psi beat Tau Epsilon Phi 2-1. The four semi-finalists had been undefeated till the last matches. The winners received a gold cup. Individual winners were rewarded ■with gold medals. Runners-up got silver medals. Home Ec Association Gives New Loan Fund Twenty-six years ago the home economics clubs of Indiana formed a state organization known as the Indiana Home Economics Association. The Association has raised $500 to be used as a loan fund for advanced work in home economics, and will turn this money over to the University trustees. Mrs. Meredith served as the first Association president from 1913-1916, and was a University trustee for 15 years. She died two years ago. Mrs. Meredith endeared herself to the rural women of Indiana, and the fund is intended to promote the work in which her life was centered.
A Championship Factor Puydue, Notre Dome Fencers Cross Foils In Fieldhouse Today
Wildcat Forward
Although only a sophomore. Bob Igney is a sparkplug in the Boilermaker offense. Small, fast, and wiry he baffled the Arkansas defense men by scoring 17 points on December 28. Table Tennis Teams Will Play In Fieldhouse Today This afternoon, the newly organized table tennis league will begin play with a series of three matches. The matches will be held in room 106 in the Fieldhouse. Anyone interested in the abbreviated tennis game is invited to attend. The schedule for this afternoon is as follows; Team No. 1 (Darmer, Stahl and Ricks) vs. Team No. 2 (Harris, Ulrich and Johnson). Team No. 3 (Belfield, Durham, and Sheets) vs. Team No. 4 (Georgiades, Danyel, and Hsuing). Team No. 5 (Nassau, Bakenbam, and Herschet) vs. Team No. 7 (Stecker, Teffler, and Hass).
Touches
no Lips
but Y)urs!
SEALEDl/
•Duvetyn’ Pomade is sealed for your^protection... •—you are the first to touch itl Lucien Lelong also provides 3 shade "testers”, clever little wells of pomade to*'''try at. home— to be sure of the perfect shade for you. Altogether the most interesting lipstick presentation in ages! ... Be sure to see **Nicole Pink” and the other new, vital shades.
518-520 Main St.
DECKER'S
Phone 6477
Coach Finney’s Purdue fencing team will meet Notre Dame today at 2 o’clock in the Fieldhouse, The Boilermaker team will be composed of Hoffman, Mierson, Pitcher, Stepath, and Neptune. In their first match of the season against the Chanute Aviation Corps, Hoffman and Mierson each won two and lost one individual match in the foils division. Stepath won one and lost one saber tilt, while Sqhmidt lost both of his encounters. Last year Notre Dame and Purdue split in two meets. Coach Finney said that the rivalry between the two schools has been increasing in the past few years. Winners In Vocational Contest Will Be Named During Round-Up In May In the latest issue of the Purdue News, which is being mailed to Indiana high schools, it was announced that the winners of a Indiana high school contest in competitive projects in drawing, printing, cabinetmaking, pattern-making, and machine work will be announced at the Industrial Vocational and Industrial Arts Round-Up here on Friday, May 5. ' Rules for this contest, sponsored by the general engineering department, engineering extension department, and the division of education and applied psychology, are outlined in the News. . jj High schools are invited to conduct their own contests and then send the work here to be scored, in competition with other entries from Indiana high schools.
CHILDREN’S DANCING CLASSES OPEN BALLET TAP BALLROOM Saturday, January Tth PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis J. SPERB 822 Main
Resolved . .
p ■ P m
I'll not let this happen again. This year 1 am
going to save my money by riding on the
Lafayette Street Railway. Its service is in- ■ expensive and reliable. Fare 5c; free transfers.
... _ ^, ^
....
UFAYEUE STREET RAILWAY
Boilermaker Squash Team Scheduled To Play Fort Knox Officers Here Today Officers of Fort Knox, Kentucky, will fly here this morning to play a scheduled match with the Boilermaker squash team, beginning at 2:00 p, m. on the Fieldhouse courts. Purdue teams have won consistently over the Fort Knox officers in previous years.
ielder’s... ...choice
Jim Currie, forward of the Northwestern team, is one of the veterans 61 this year’s less-experienced Wildcat edition. He caused trouble for opponents in pre-conference contests this year, although he may not play tonigjit. Co-ed Enlhusiasm is Shown In WSGA I “The interest shown in WSGA organization and activities by second year girls indicates enthusiasm for participation in this activity,” commented Mary Alice Learning, WSGA president, at the termination of the second annual sophomore training school. Approximately 75 sophomore women selected on a scholarship basis finished the course which taught organization and functions of the women’s government association. The sophomore women enrolled in the course are prepared for future work in WSGA. Every week one member of the executive board explained a phase of the work which she directs during the year. The program included talks on orientation, residence, vocational guidance, activities, and judicial board.
We think coercion should be brought to bear on the swimming team to publish a book on “How to Throw, a Successful Beach Party on New Year’s Eve” taking Florida as a locale and giving vent to personal experiences should make rather intriguing reading. —^fc— When we interviewed “Bogey” Joe Mihal for his biography some time ago, he told us to be sure and tell the world that he thought Tom Dickinson was “the best floor guard in the country last year” . . . it’s a little overtime but there it is anyway . . . from the looks of things so far this year, Joe will have plenty of basis to say the same thing again this year . . . —^fc— Tom Dickinson was there when Joe was extolling his virtues and he pleaded that we should not put Joe’s request in the paper because “Piggy” Lambert might not like it . . . all the time we could see that it was his shy modesty dictating his action . . . Joe said he would get us if we didn’t print it and Tom said he Tyould do the same thing if we did, so what is a poor little girl to do in a situation like that? —^fc— We toss varied posies in the direction of Nate Poulos for his work on tonight’s Boilermaker Blanket Brawl ... a coined 3 “B” expression harking back to ye good olde football season . . . although officially named a Hop, the dance can very well develop into a brawl when you get a lot of he-men athletes on the loose.
Intramural Notices
BASKETBALL Monday Court 1—M. Aronson. 7 :00—Wai’d 9 vs. Ward 1. 7 :16—Cary Hall Cary Hall 2. 8 :26—Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 4. 8 :40—Cary Hall 8 vs. Cary Hall 9. Court 2—Jim Kurtz. 7 :00—Ward 8 vs. Ward 12X. 7 ;16—Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 6. 8:26—Cary Hall 10 vs. Cary Hall 5. 8:40—Ward 2 vs. Ward IIX. Court 3—^H. Goldstein. 7 :00—Ward 16 vs. Ward 6. 7 :16—Ward 10 vs. Ward 13X. 8:26—^Ward 2A vs. Ward IIB. 8:40—Ward 13 vs. Ward 3. Court 4— 7:16—Theta Chi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha.
Coach Clevett plans to play -his “B” team against the officers, with local faculty members, consisting of D. P. Morse, LaBree, Clevett, and Knoll, furnishing competition for the “A” team. Patrick, a likely looking prospect, has been added to the local “A” team, and is assigned to play D. P. Morse tomorrow afternoon. The faculty matches will begin at 1:45 p. m. Lanczos, Summers To Appear On Musical Prof. C. Lanczos of the mathematics depai tment,' and Arsene Summers, special student, will be featured in a music room program tomorrow. The progi-am will begin at 4 p. m., and those wishing to attend will be admitted only before this time or at intermission. Prof. Lanczos will render several piano selections, and Miss Summers, who is a contralto, will add varied vocal contributions tq, the program. Miss Summers is a transfer student from DePauw University where she was a member of the DePauw choir. Since coming to the University she has become a member and soloist with the Purdue Concert Choir, the University Choir, and the Presbyterian Church Choir. She is also a featured soloist at the Trinity Methodist Church and over WBAA. Prof. Lanczos has given two programs in the music room in recent years, and several at Cary Hall. Co-ed PE Classes Meet In Women's Gym Next Week Due to Agricultui-al Conference programs which will be held in the Women’s Gymnasium, all freshmen and sophomore co-ed physical education classes will meet in Education Building, Room 201, the week of January 9. At these meetings Miss Hazelton, head of The physical education department, will lead a discussion on “The Place of Physical Education in a College Girl’s Program.” All the freshman and sophomore women are required to report at one of the designated lecture hours. Hours for freshmen are Tuesday at 3, Wednesday at 3 and 4. Sophomore hours are Tuesday at 2, Wednesday at 2, Thursday at 4.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Professional
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Locksmith
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S: HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Building 4h and Main Phone 5701
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. U.
• PloristSp
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, dart; locks, night latrttes and padlocka. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac*assories and tapaitir^. MULHAUrr^ . 209-11 N. 5th St. Phana 2929
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 1th Phona 6050V 9f^i,
mmmmsmtmwm
• *
^toaxL Odiu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^yioJtiaiA-
Saturday, January 7,1939 0
Roger Williams Club ^ 30—Sunda> moinmg class Dean M L Fi'-hei ^^ ill teach 10 35—Sunda\ moinmg Moiship Dedication of new Inmn books I 11 «t conimunion of the new veai 5 30—Ros^ei illianis Club social lioui fi 00—I iinch 6 lO—Discussion gioup David Nel ':on pie-^ident of the cabinet, will biinc the lepoit fiom the Stu dents Intel Chuich Confeience held at Isapeiville 111 7 30—Eiening woiship Rev Joseph B Gleason, “What I Would Like M\ Chuich to do in 1939 ”
Weslev Foundation 8 00—Council bieakfast 9 30—Sundav school Men’s class, ‘ A. Centei foi Life ” 10 40—Morning woiship at the chuich ‘ The Puipose of Piayei ” 5 00—Fellowship suppei (15c) 6.30—“Chnstianity and the Social Older,” Di T K Noss At the chuich
St. John’s Episcopal 8 00—Hoh Conimunion 10 45—Holy Communion (choral) and seimon 6 00—Young People’s Fellowship ‘^uppei
Presbyterian Students Moinmg piogiam at Central Piesbvteiian Chuich, 7th and Co lumbia stieets, Lafayette 9 30—Gioup discussion led by Dr G H Giaves Subject, “Jesus’ Philosophy of Life ” 10 40—Moinmg woiship Seimon b\ the pastoi, Di W R Graham Music by the chon diiected bv A P Stew ait Evening piogiam at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz Stieet, West Lafayette 6 00-—Student foium The speaker will be J S Maddox of the speech depaitment of the Umveisity
Critic For — (Continued fiom page 1)
opeia, “Benvenuto Cellini The Oveituie is biilliant gay melodic, and descriptive of carnival scenes Hugo Lemchtentritt calls the composei’s contiibution to the changing scheme of piogiam mu SIC “sensational ” and adds that he was “skillful at depicting all sorts of fantastic scenes, and through his ait he incieased the expiessive powei s of music considerably ” Overture Begins The Oveituie begins with a theme fiom the end of the fiist act of the opeia, a theme given out by the violins, to which lespond the flute, the oboe, the claimet then the horns, bassoon, tiumpet and comet There IS a sudden pause in the music, with a bit of violin passage work, after which a long, sustained melody is played by the English hoin This melody is also heaid m the first act of the opeia, foi it is part of Cellini’s ana The melody is repeated by the violas, and by other choirs As a soit of counteipoint, there is a dance passage in the wood winds and brasses The lest of the Oveituie altei nates between the opening Saltai ello and the Andante theme, ending of course, with the swiftly paced Salteiello
Dr. f. G. Campbell Writes Poem For Student Newspaper Di E G Campbell, foi meily pi ofessoi of agiicultuial botany at Puidue, and now on the staff of the Univeisity of Geoigia, has be come widely known thioughout the south as a wiitei and authoi Di Campbell, who has lived in Atlanta, Ga , foi the last seveial veais, IS the authoi of seveial text books Foi 11101 e than five yeais he has conducted a special column on the Atlanta Constitution, one of the leading newspapeis of the south He IS authoi of a poem which ap peaied m a lecent issue of Junioi Collegiate, newspapei of Atlanta Junioi College The poem follows MY COLLEGE Could I suivey the stais that shine, Oi had the pen to wiite a line That fools and knaves could un del stand. The tongue to speak lefieshing woids To men who tiudge like stiay mg heids, Ihe giace to smile and lift a hand And give to youth a guiding sign— Almost God’s gieatness would be mine If aught of God within me lies Eie that vii tue m me dies I fain would leain the way to say— I have a gieatness in my soul I d lift a fiiend, and ask no toll. Kneel m solitude and pi ay Foi wisdom s way of being wise. And how to laboi when I use The stieam of time foievei flows, A mystic bieeze fiom somewheie blows, And only wisdom learns its goal. It tempeis laboi into play And one may leain the way to say— I have a gieatness in my soul Then faith unfolds and honoi glows In the only college wisdom knows Frosh Honored In Latest Scrivener Woik of fieshman winners in the Scrivenei contest is featuied in the latest edition of Scrivenei maga zine, published just befoie Chiist mas vacation The manuscripts weie chosen fiom English 32 classes and submitted to the Scrivener staff foi the annual liteiary contest ‘ In Defense of the Abstiact,” a lengthy facing down of Stuart Chase by Neil Caison, is the fiist piize essay Second place was won by Caroline Button with ‘ Registered Nuise,” a lealistie piece of earnest and sombei colois Third place was taken by Chestei Riegle with an en tiigly different soit of writing, ‘ Mood of an Escapist,” which deciibes m nostalgic fashion feelings of a dieamei Jaiy Cleveland, editor of Scrivener, said that only a few of the outstanding manuscripts aie published in this issue Other winning manuscripts will appear in future issues
W B A A Programs
Of 636 students at Mills College 210 are undecided as to their majoi Largest gioup of majors is in the field of art, with music a close sec ond
Today 11 00—Just Kids 11 16—Caiolyn Woods soprano 11 30—High School Guest Program 12 00—Tune Time Chailes Powell 12 Id—The Woman Shopper 12 30 —Luncheon Dance Time 12 46—Maiktt Reports 1 00—Radio Stage 1 30—College Caravan 2 00—Stamp Club of the Air 2 16—Vinnie Fran and Jack 2 30—Rhythm Review 2 45 —Paul Fulk pianist 3 00 —Campus Varieties
Purdue Home Gomes Yet To Be Flayed
NORTHWESTERN Saturday, January 7
PIGGLY WIGGLY
Ag Chemistry Group Plans Student Awards Di H R Kraybill, head of the agiicultuial chemistry department, yesterday pointed out opportunities foi students interested in chemistry to win cash awards in the competition offered by the Association of Official Agiicultuial Chemists At a recent meeting of this organization in Washington, awards of $300, $200, and $100 were voted for the best thesis, compilation, or resume of any of the subjects dealt with in the association’s book, “Methods of Analysis ” Only one paper may be submitted from each college oi university Each candidate for the award will be nominated by the faculty to the committee of the Association of Official Agricultuial Chemists PERSONNEL NOTES Company—The Firestone Tii e and Rubber Company, Akron, 0 Representative—J R Kmsely, of the Personnel Department Visiting Puidue—Monday, Janu aiy 23 Interviewing—Science, engineer ing and agricultural seniois Sci ence seniors specializing in econom ICS and business administration who are interested in sales oi credit and accounting woik, engineers interested in sales and business admin istiation agiicultuial semois intei ested in selling to faimois and faim implement dealers Employment—a training course lasting one year is provided to prepare the employee by means of factory field work Qualifications—Ability to pass a medical examination, aggressive personality, a good scholastic ra ting Those interested please sign up in the main office of then school
Company—Eastman Kodak Com pany, Rochester, N Y Repiesentative —M L Sendell, of the Business and Technical Person nel Department f A isiting Puidue—Wednesday and Thursday, January 25 and 26 Interviewing — Chemical engi neering seniors and masteis, doctors and masters in organic chemistry and physical chemistiy, me chanical engmeeiing seniors for heating and ventilating machine design and general equipment and administration work, any seniors with outstanding ability and interest m photography, outstanding juniors in any of the above schools for summer employment Literature is available in the of flees of Professors Bray, Hass and Young Those interested should sign up for consideration
Each year several insurance com panics contact Puidue for seniors This yeai a list is being compiled of all seniors who are interested in sales of life, fire, casualty or other industrial insurance, as well as sta tistical and inspection woik with insurance companies All seniors who would like to be recommended to companies in this field please sign up on the list in the mam office of their school
Classihed Ads
Notices
MISCELLANEOUS
Purdue Riding: Club Joint meeting with Lafayette Saddle Club Monday January 9 at 8 p m in the auditorium of Jeffeison High School Moving pictures of saddle horses will be shown —SUMMERS
Chemistry 1 and 2* Examinations for removal of C grades in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be given Saturday, January 14 1939, at 1 4 p m Application for any of these examinations should be made at rooni 108 chemistry laboratory annex before Thura day, January 12 The examination fee does not need to be paid when application is obtained but must be paid before the examination IS taken —MARTIN TEST, ALLEN
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable sold purchased, rented, and repaired New portable machines as low as $29 76 Supplies C F Ebersboft, 606 Mam street.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Just before vacation one Sigma Chi fraternity pin Name on back Call Jim McKee 61163
Union Sophomores! Please report to the Student Union workshop Saturday January 7 at 1 p m —RICHARDSON
Christian Science Organization Regular meeting will be held Tuesday Januaiy 10 at 7 30 p m in room C of the Union —MACK
Scrivener Subscribers Will the following persons please get their copies of the December issue at the Scrivener office Friday January 6 from 4 to 6 p m and Saturday, January 7 1 30 to 3 p m Marjorie Acheson Kathryn Alburn J W Buck N Carson A D Croxall, Margaret Eahn Robeit L Page Chester Riegle P H Schafei A P Schnaible Betty Zinsmeister —JUSTIN
FOUND—Skull and Crescent key Will be returned foi cost of ad R Hall 330 N Giant
ROOMS FOR RENT FOR BENT—Furnished room with or without board Reasonably priced 117 Chauncey Ave West Lafayette Phone 2722
PEW Classes jAll freshman and sopho more women ensiled in PEW classes are to repoit to Education Building room 201 at one of the following hours Hours for freshman Tuesday January 10 at 3 Wednesday January 11 at S and 4 Sopho more hours Tuesday January 10 at 2 Wednesday January 11 at 2 Thuisday Januaiy 12 at 4 Attendance is required —HAZELTON
Gold Peppers All girls who turned in their tickets for the basketball games please call for tickets Saturday morning January 7 at the WSGA office between 10 and 12 —COOLEY
APARTMENT and board for group of students or room and board PJione 2309
Di Malbone W Graham, piofessoi of political science on the Los Angeles campus of the University of California, has received decora tions from the Republic of Lithu ama and Finland, in lecognition of his published woik
WSGA House Presidents Council Meet mg Tuesday January 10 at 4 p m in room B Dean Dorothy C Stiatton will speak All members are expected to be present —JAKES
Glfee Club office (1 10)
WAA Riflery Practice schedule Monday, Januaiy 9 Ward 4 at 6 16 Ward 1 at 7 00 WRH North at 7 46 Thaeles at 8 30 Ward and sorority managers see me at your regulai period —SMITH
Tickets aie in the music —WORCESTER
Agriculturist All assistant editors and editorial assistants please report in the Agricultuial office on Monday night January 9 at 7 p m for work Be prompt If unable to come get in touch with me —KINGSLEY
Glee Club Ushers report at Fieldhouse on Tuesday January 10 —WORCESTER
Reamer Club Meeting Monday January at 8 p m in loom F of the Union —JACKS
IN Tail Sigma New members get keys at 1016 First Stieet (1 10) —HARVEY
Fraternity Presidents’ Council Dinner meeting at the Phi Kappa Tau house Tuesday January 10 at 6 o clock Important —DEAN
Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Sunday January 8 at 4 30 p m in room B of the Memorial Union j Building Refreshments will be seived —AYASUN
Activities Sophomores The following will leport to Reg Bass at the activities bureau Saturday January 7 at 1 p m Voelkel, Rhodehamel Pabst Gobler Martin, Kotfela Kolai Stewart Plummer Merrer and Brool man —LUTZ
Know What Joe?
The Purdue Exponent is pretty smooth, too There are over 6,000 students, in addition to the faculty members, who read it every morning, so, in case you want to . • sell a car • buy a typewriter • rent a roem
or in fact, if you want to buy, sell, or trade anything, you'll be wise to use the Classified Ad column in the
THE PUEDUE ExFONEifT
Business Phone — 5038
IN
THE
SWING
Yes, It's studies again — and finals soon too Here's to you and your success in "grades"
PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama
After You We Come First Phone 4048
I