i Exponent
Volume 51, No. 30
Saturday'/ October 14, 1939
Yearbook Solidtes Contribtuions For Snap Shot Contest Adding incentive to the Debris snap shot contest, sponsored by Debris in an effort to make good its promise of “Complete Campus Coverage” with a picture of every student and every event, the best contribution eack month will, in addition to appearing in the 1940 Debris, be printed in the Exponent. From among these pictures of the month, the best print selected will w^in its taker a free yearbook, according to ^Dick McNeil, business manager. However, win or lose, you have a good chance of seeing your prints in the book, McNeil stated. Turn Them In Now «• The contest gets under way immediately with the first winner to 4 , be announced in November. Contributions will be made via a box outside the Debris office in the second floor hall of the Union. Rules for the competition are as follows: 1. Any student except members of the Debris staff are eligible, and the number of snapshots by any one person is unlimited. 2. One print will be chosen each month by the editorial and photography staffs of the Debris as the picture of the month which will be published in the Exponent. 3. Before spring vacation the best picture of the year will be selected and the person who submitted it will be awarded a free Debris. 4. Alf prints must be accompanied by the negative, a description of the picture (names, occasion, letc.)', and the contributor’s name, address, and telephone number. 5. Prints will not be retuimed unless called for at the end of each month in the Debris office. Student Senate . . . will have its annual picnic tomorrow at Cary Camp. Louise Daniels and her committee are in charge of the arrangements and Dr. R. Phillips, Senate faculty advisor, will be the chaperon.
Cooper Voted Most 'Eligible Bachelor' Paul Cooper, Student Union Prexy, last night won the distinction of being the “Most' Eligible Bachelor” of the current season as the co-eds escorted their favorite ed to the annual Gold Diggers Ball. Approximately 600 ballots were cast with John Dean and Lary Lyles taking second and third honors. This is the first co-ed bid of the year and there were around 600 couples present to hear Jimmy Green and his University of Illinois orchestra play. Petitions For Green Potter Election Now Available To Frosh Petitions for freshman green potters representatives are now on hand in the student senate office. They must be handed in to the student senate office by Wednesday afternoon, October 18, at 5:30 p. m. Petitions can be obtained by any freshman desirous of an office by calling at the student senate office in room A of the Union, any afternoon of this week or next ’til Wednesday, between the hours of 4 and 6:30. Each petition must be accompanied by one dollar to cover the election costs. Elections Monday Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary for men, will be in charge of the elections which will take place on Monday, October 23, from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. in the lobby of the Union. Any freshman is eligible to vote. Voting will be. done differently from last year in that the persons running for president who are defeated will not be able to run for vice-president and persons running for the other offices will likewise not be eligible to run for more than one office. As a special favor to the freshman petitioners, the senate office will be open from 1 to 4 this afternoon enabling freshmen extra time in which to secure their petitions.
Flying Co ed Seeks New Honors
By Ruth Rose Aviation, the one field which men might try to claim for themselves, is now frequently invaded by feminine competition. An example of this invasion of a man’s sphere can be noted here in Lois Hollingsworth, junior in the mechanical engineering school. Lois has the honor of being the one University co-ed having a private pilot’s license. As can be noticed by observing a full-page picture of Lois in the November American Magazine, she disproves the popular conception of co-ed engineers being very masculine in their appearance and actions. Gained License Here When Lois entered Purdue, she
had acquired 20 hours’ flying credit toward her private pilot’s certificate. Since that time she has earned her certificate and is now earning hours toward another license which will permit her to pilot ships weighing over 1,300 pounds. Piloting a plane is not the only achievement of this ambitious co-ed. Last semester she put the men in th6 mechanical school to shame scholastically by topping them with her 6.27 average, the highest of any co-ed on the campus. Upon completion of her engineering studies, Lois plans to pursue the career of designing engineer for an airplane manufacture.
Frosh Women Only Co-eds Eligible For Lodde Speech Contest c Freshman women and transfer students with freshman cards will be the only co-eds eligible for the Lodde Speech Contest, sponsored by co-ed forensics, whose preliminary tryouts will be held Tuesday, October 24, in room 308 of University Hall at 4 p. m. The elimination of upperclassmen from the contest for the first time this year is intended to erase the feeling of advantage for the upperclassmen because of their past participation, according to the contest officials. Choice of Subjects Preliminary speeches are to be from three to five minutes long, and of the speaker’s own choosing, or from the following listT “Fashion Trends in College,” “Purdue and You,” “Cash and Carry,” “This Thing Called War,” “Purdue Eds,” “Traditions at Purdue,” “The Need of College Joes,” “No More Waltzes,” “Should Everyone Go to College,” “Realistic vs. Romantic Movies,” andAre Women Cats?” Winner To Get Plaque To the winning co-ed a plaque will be given, and to the organization gleaning the largest number of points a cup will be given. Last year Ruth Bennett, Kappa Alpha Theta, was awarded the cup for the Thetas, and in 1937 Chi Omega received the award through Myra McKee. Permanent ownership of the cup will be granted after it has been possessed for thi’ee consecutive years by the same organization. Freshman co-eds desiring to participate in the contest may report any afternoon after 4 to room 808 in University Hall. Mortar Board Officer Will Visit Local Chapter Mrs. W. M. Fowler, national vicepresident of Mortar Board, honorary for senior women, will arrive in Lafayette tomorrow afternoon to inspect the University’s chapter of the organization. Mrs. Fowler, who lives in Iowa City, la., will be a guest at the Kappa Alpha Theta house until Tuesday and during that time will be entertained by the residence halls and attend a dinner given in her honor Monday evening in the Chestnut room. PIA Tea Dance . . . wilhbe held from 3 p^ m. to 5:30 p. m. today in the Union ballroom. As a feature, “Charlie > and His Girl Friends,” a campus quartet, will offer some special numbers and popular songs from 4 to 4:15 o’clock. Current song hits of the week will be played on a new RCA amplifying system, and scores of the Purdue-Minnesota game will be announced at regular intervals. All University co-eds and PIA members will be admitted free. Non-mem-bers will be charged 10 cents.
Boilermakers Will Open Big Ten Campaign Against Gophers Today [ Battle May Decide League Champions; Mixer Maestro /n Qood Shape; Brock, Brown Ready
PROBABLE LINEUP MINNESOTA Atkins L.E Pedersen L.T R. Smith L.G Bjorcklund C Kuusisto R.G S. Johnson R.T W. Johnson R.E Paffrath Q.B Van Every L.H Franck 1 R.H Christiansen F.B
PURDUE Ranldii Potter .... Bykowski Momingstar Verplahk . L. Johnson Mackiewicz Hennis Brown Brock DeWitte
Noel Hall and his orchestra will feature Elaine Ramage, vocalist, tonight at the Union mixer from 9 ’til
12 in the Union ballroom.
-Opening their Big Ten pigskin activities at Minneapolis this afternoon, the Boilermaker grid forces will tangle with the ever-mighty Golden Gophers of Minnesota. Today’s battle, upon which the eyes of the middle west are focused, will do much to help decide whether the ladls from Minneapolis or the Gold and Black gridders of Purdue might be resting on top of the conference heap at the end of this season’s football proceedings. Boilermakers Confident
Band Will Appear
Plummer Elected At Festival Today
Council President
Jean Plummer was elected president of the co-ed house presidents’ council Thursday night at a meeting in the PIA office. Eleanor Fink was elected vice-president, and Maurine Morris is the new secre-tary-treasurer for the coming year. There was a short discussion on WSGA quiet hour rules before Margaret Mitchell, Gold Pepper president and chairman of the meeting, introduced the speakers. Short talks were given by Jayne Myer, PIA co-ed executive, and Jerry Hinshaw, PIA president, on the benefits'of an organized social program and activities among the houses. Next meeting of the house presidents will be Tuesday, October 19, at 7:15 in room A of the Union. All unorganized houses who have six or more co-ed residents are invited to send a representative. New Members Increase Flying Club Enrollment Thirteen new members have increased the enrollment of the Purdue Plying Club. There are seven new class A members and six new class B members. There are five more openings for members in class A. Entrance requirement for the Flying Club is a solo license. Class A members are R. T. Adams, A. Culbertson, S. Best, J. H. Doolittle, Jr., M, Landon, W. Lingenman, and K. Murdock. Class B members are E. Aber, Annella Boas, L. L. Evans, P. C. Ganzer, P. Knotts, and G. P. Lipsward.
Who Said %et’s Fight
Those Favoring War Are Insane/ Doc Miller
By Aesop Fable Eventually everyone weakens, at least physically, and goes over to the Student Health Service to see Doctor Miller. Doctor Miller usually either talks an ailing person out of his current complaint, or gives him something else to think about. Yesterday morning Doctor Miller was using botli of his methods-—alter-nate talk and treatment. Doc’s Viewpoints Pertinent Doctor Miller had some good ideas. There were pertinent viewpoints of his own, but they might well express the ideas of many of the people of this nation. The discussion was, as usual, a monologue, with the doctor asking and answering all of his questions. Doc Miller says: “What do you boys think about this war? Ain’t that somethin’.
huh? You know what I think, I think that anyone who says that this country ought to go to war is insane, simply insane! Old men my age don’t care. They’d like to see you go to war. Let all the young guys get shot off, then we old men can really go to town. Democracy Not A Question “Look at this country. Biggest country in the world. Germany would go in about two states. Got all the resources in the world, Germany’s hardly got any. Oceans all around us, while Germany is surrpunded by enemy nations. Then we should go to war. Hell! Anybody that says that is insane, pure insane. Why should we go to war to help France and England? We did the last time, and just before this last war started what did they
do when we asked for the war debts? They laughed in our face. Democracy! They can’t tell us they’re fighting for democracy. Look how they shut their eyes on the Republic of China. Sure, it’s a republic. Just like us. What did they do for Abyssinia ? Not a thing. They can’t get us on that democracy stuff. Canada Dissatisfied “Look at the mess England has made of things. I know about Canada. I was up there fishing last summer. I talked to the boys up there. Just like you are. Young. They’re the ones that have to fight. They don’t want wat. You think Canada got into this war because they wanted to ? England tells them what to do. They don’t want to belong to England, they want to belong to the United States. Why?
Hell we stay out of wars, we don’t tax them to death to buy the King’s picture, and then forget them when they’re broke. Doc Picks America “They don’t like it up there, they want a WPA or something. That’s why they make the import duties so high up there. Why, I had a trunk worth $250 and t^ey wanted to charge me $151 duties on it if I left it in Canada. That’s just it. They want to keep Americans out. They know what would happen if they let Americans come in. Gradually Canada would slip over to the United States. Well, it all ties up. Man, everytime I listen to a radio, or pick up a newspaper I’m really glad I’m an American in America.” Ouch, Doc! Take it easy. We believe you.
All-American Purdue band with its complete 150 pieces will board five Greyhound busses at the Armory this afternoon at 1 o’clock and drive to Fowler to parade and play at the second day of the second Indiana Corn Festival in session there. After the parade in Fowler the band will give a street concert in the evening. Seven high school bands—from Ottersbein, Pine Village, Oxford, Boswell, Reub, Kentland, and Fowler--will also be in the afternoon parade. Governor M. Clifford Townsend opened the festival with his address
yesterday.
The festival -will close tonight with the Cornhuskers’ Ball. G. A. Young Will Speak To YWCA Club Thursday Prof. G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school, will speak at the first open meeting of YWCA, which will be held next Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the women’s lounge in the Union. Professor Young will talk on “Campus Traditions” on which he is an authority. It is an excellent opportunity for all the_ girls on campus to become acquainted with the traditions of the University. Following Professor Young’s address, the chairman of the various YWCA committees will describe work. Girls will have an opportunity at this time to decide the committee they are most interested in working on this year. * Symphony Group Seeks Accomplished Musicians All pianists, singers, or violinists who have been a resident of Indiana for the past two consecutive years will have an opportunity to compete in tryouts for the honor of appearing as* a soloist with the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra this winter. This is the first competition of the kind to be held in connection with the orchestra. Two of the judges for the contest will be A. P. Stewart, University director of music, and Robert Sanders, dean of music at Indiana University. Diree> tor Sevitsky will be chairman of the judges’ committee. All entries must be submitted to Mrs. C. Lloyd Billman, Manilla, before January 16,1940.
Sent away from Lafayette last Thursday night with the confident cheers of several thousand students and well-wishers ringing in their ears, the Riveter squad seemed little afraid of the vaunted power attack that Coach Bemie Bierman has installed in the Gopher offense. Even Following stations will broadcast the game this afternoon: WBAA—^Lafayette—^1:50 p. m. WCCO—Minneapolis—2 p. m. KFTP—St. Paul—2 p. m. | Minnesota’s 62-0 route of Arizona two weeks ago has failed to dampen the confidence and spirit of the Boilermaker squkd. The Boilermakers have a dual incentive in today’s crucial battle. First, they have a score to settle with the team that was responsible for their only defeat last season, when the Gophers managed to come out on top of a 7-0 encounter. Secondly, they are anxious to hit the victory road after a brilliant battle with Notre Dame that found the Irish eking out a 3-0 victory. Brock, Brown Ready With their full backfield power available for the first thne this season, the Riveter mentors have little to worry about as far as the Boilermaker attack is concerned. Both Lou Brock, whose bothersome ankle is now as good as ever, and Jack Brown, ambidextrous pass tosser, are expected to cause the Gophers plenty of trouble. Mike Byelene, who almost busted up the Notre Dame tussle, and Johnny Galvin, sensational sophomore back, will see a good share of the action against the Northmen. . , Riveter Starters Today’s opening lineup for the Boilermakers will in all probability be composed of 10 seniors and one junior. Dave Rankin, speedy left end, who turned in a brilliant defensive game against Notre Dame, is the lone junior on the starting combination.
Betty Wason
. . . graduate of the school of home economics, appeared as a feature writer in the New York 'Times Magazine of October 1. In an article, “A Vogue For Curries,” she discussed the historical significance of the introduction of spices by Marco Polo and gave directions as to their use in modern cookery. In the last few years she has lectm'ed, written, and ti'avelled in Europe.
Dr. R. H. Carr
mding Club
/ ... will have a supper ride tomorrow aftei’noon and evening, from 4:15 to 7:30. A steak fry at 8 o’clock will follow the ride. Eighty-five persons attended a reception given in the Union Thursday for all those interested in the Riding Club.
. . . professor of agricultural chemistry, will speak on his trip through Australia at a dinner meeting of the American Association of University Professors in the dining room of the Home Economics building Monday, October 16, at 6:16 p. m. Members of the University staff and their guests are invited;. Reservations should be made by telephoning 2941, not later than Monday noon.sf
■ X ■' W'* ■’ ’S*n^j r I- jv ^ ^ -j"^ ^
K
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Satfurday, October 14, 1939 ^
-4V
Jurnh^ JoUl
Paupers... And For What?
But
Incidentally—
An encouraging sign of progress in the University’s teaching methods is the increasing number of faculty-prepared laboratory notes and textbooks making their appearance this semester. For thrSe years we have been spending our hard earned cash for enormous volumes designed for use in the classroom. Then, when reviewing for finals, we find to our consternation that we have only hit a handfijl of topics covered in the assigned text.
By Petrov For a long time we’ve been trying to think of a truly worthwhile campaign. Here we are, three Russians in exile, and we haven’t gone radical for munts and munts. Well, we’ve finally hit on a new plan, and provided it meets with the approval of you students, we’ll go through with it.
We’re going to DEBROWN the Wabash. >ii * ii<
Granted that the texts are the best on the market for the particular course, we still greatly dislike buying a book that we could have done without, a^d in its place using ream after ream of mimeographed notes.
It^will be a great day for the student when he can buy a text book and know that he will be able to use it more than once or twice for reference. We hope to see the time when each course will have a text book, written by the staff of instructors who teach the course, and containing only the information that is to be covered during the semester.
These texts could all be of uniform size, paper bound, with perhaps a blank space beside every assignment for the date on which it is to be covered. Such a system would pay for itself in both time and money saved. No longer would the student be burdened with excessive royalties. No longer would we look like pack horses on the mornings when we have four books to carry. Any suggestions from either faculty or students on the feasibility of the plan will be appreciated by the Exponent. —R. E. I.
“Ha, Ha,” you say to yourself, “such an undertaking IS impossible ” Perhaps it is, but with thieats of changing the title of “Wabash Blues” to “Wabash Browns,” and with the iromcally appropriate Brown Street Levee, it becomes apparent that we must act * * ♦ / Don’t worry about what color the Wabash will be when we debrown it, although that IS something to think about. For purposes of easy reference we have selected a name for onr movement—“The Chromatic Rehabilitation of the Wabash.” Address any suggestions on debrowning the Wabash to “The Russians, Purduesky Exponentavitch.” * * * But let the campaign ride for a while; we just found another advertisement we like. In the Exponent we see “Carter’s Cube-Well, 89c. Buy one for each of your desks.”
On one of our hourly trips to the Sweet Shop today, we were reminded that sorority rush MUST be over . . . imagine four sorority gals, all from different houses, sitting together and being amiable. The next thing worth noting was Jody Paulus and Bill Dunshee leaning over cokes together B & B We wonder if ALLISON LILLY has recovered from this summer’s setback’ Miss Lilly (termed “Blonde of High Horsepower”) went in pursuit of JOE MIHAL but
finally had to give up the chase. Joe IS still frightened . . . B & B There’s a girl on campus who has been working awfully hard lately to the extent of three AKL pins. Looking over the three . . . count them . . . three—original owners, all we can say is, “Dear COX was it worth It?” B & B After a heavy date With one SI UDELL, a girl we know made the famous lemark, “Gad, next time I’d rather have a date with the little man who wasn’t there ” We didn’t know Si could disillusion anyone. B & B It’s too late to get a date for Goldiggers now, but Bill Schilling doesn’t know that. He is still seen walking around the campus attired in a smooth coat and sexy tie. Of course it may be the cold weather we’re having.
We can’t get rid of a phantasmagoric picture of a student running from his Psych desk, to his English desk, to his German desk, to his Chemistry desk, and on and on and on. We’re sort of ashamed to admit it’s only going to cost us 89c to equip our room
Purdue Exponeni*
Sitting at our ONLY desk we tiy to figure out ways to waste time, and we recently solved our little problem very neatly. We now put in hours thinking up stock book titles. You just fill in the blanks with names of men or places as the case may be. They may be used as English theme titles and have the recommendation of yeais of service. All rights unreserved by the authoi
R E Insley W E Smith
Editor in-Chirf Business Manager
Phones Editorial, 4005, Business, 5038, Sports, 2792
Published daily except Monday during the academic year Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette Indiana under the Act of Congress of March 8 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 8, 1917 authorized January 20, 1922
This newspaper is written edited, and published by undergraduates students of Purdue University All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited are student opinions and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint
Yesterday’s production: “ His Life and His Time”, “Hands Acioss the ”, “ , The Mand”, “ It’s Use and Abuse”, “Around the in Days”, “Through the with Gun and Camera”, “Memoirs of “The Stiange Case of ”, “What Every Should Know”
Night Editor—Miers
Issue Editor—Smith
That’s a starter, and unless we miss our guess, it’s also a finisher.
S@|EAMING ADVENTURES WITH FIGHTERS OF AMERIGA’S^eiDE FLEETI
I HONPIW AFim with CHESTER MORRIS^- VIRGINIA GREY
— 5 DAYS — S TA RT I N G TODAY
—EXTRA—. Robert' Benchley in "HOME EARLY"
Personnel Notes
Schedule Released
Notice to Chemistry, Chemical, and Mechanical Engineering Seniors, Masters and PhD’s: George R Beach, Jr, manager of the personnel division of the E. I. du Pont de Nemours & Company, Wilmington, Del, will be here on Wednesday and Thursday, October 26 and 26, to interview graduate students and seniors in chemistry, chemical and mechanical engineering, who are interested in being considered for permanent employment with the du Pont Company at the conclusion of their work during the current academic year. In the office of the head of the chemistry, chemical, and mechanical engineering departments is a^booklet describing the du Pont Company and the work of the college graduate with that company. Those interested in the work with this company are asked to read that booklet carefully and after reading it if still interested sign up or make arrangements for an interview with the company. J. E WALTERS, Director of Personnel.
Following the meet at Pittsburgh today the cross country team ■will engage in three dual meets as well as the State Big Ten and the Intercollegiate meets, according to the schedule released today. Only one home appearance is on the slate for this fall, this meet being a feature of the Homecoming game on November 4 when Wayne University of Detroit furnishes the opposition. Indiana and Wisconsin are the Big Ten schools which Coach Phillips’ proteges will encounter The season will be climaxed by the team’s bid for national recognition late in November in the Intercollegiate meet at Lansing, Mich The schedule: Oct 21—Indiana at Bloomington Oct 28—Wisconsin at Madison Nov 4—^Wayne Umversity at home. Nov 11—State Meet at Muncie. Nov 20—Conference Meet at Northwestern. Nov. 27 — National Intercollegiate Meet at Lansing.
CHAMPAGNE PARTY! She hands out the Mack eyes! Me hcmds out the cash! The mn is simplyvmdexmmingl Come early!
-TODAY
'King of the Underworld' plus "The Girl from Rio"
ItHAld
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
TICKETS ON SALE 10:15 i ADULTS 35c • Children 15e
Company: The Geneial Electric Company. Representatives: Messrs. Allen, Adams, and Tumy Visiting Purdue: Thuisday, Friday, and Saturday, October 19, 2Q, and 21. Group Meeting: For all M E and E.E seniors interested in the company, to be held in the E E lecture room, 4pm Thursday, October 19. Interviews: Available particularly for E E and M E semors graduating at mid-semesters. Interviews will be granted to all other seniors in these schools in small groups Apphcations: All seniors interested in this company should obtain an application blank from the M E or E E. school office, or the personnel service, ground floor. Executive building, fill it out and return it to the personnel service not later than Tuesday, October 17.
The University of Maine has a now wind tunnel that develops a 110-mil6-an-hour gale.
OFF TO
MINNESOTA
OFF TO VICTORY
We’re wishing luck to a determined team. Purdue students may well be proud of them. ROOT FOR THEM!
Peter Anderson Garage
525 Alabama 24 Hour Service
Phone 4048 After You We Come First
ARC
LAST DAY
-ALSO-
SUNDAY - MONDAY
'ONLY ANGELS HAVE WINGS" "NORTH OF SHANGHAI" "POPEYE," CARTOON
mmwni Starts TOMORROW
iYOUR FAVORITE in HIS FIRST 6REAT STARRING ROLE!
CNMD 'GliEENE
RldliD!)!
^ iiiiJ
SMioHenat diteoirary of tain* Caaitf!
1
R0!iNPY0UII6 ELiDisan Katlie8incASiiris9s«l
,0«etS« Iue«« Bdwerd Nofdi *H*ntv Koiket
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
LUNA
SUNDAY & MONDAY
•WHAT A BOY! Han’s the 7tli and funniest MICKEY ROONEY hit with the Hardf Familyl ANiYHMPY GITS SPEIN6 rmr LEWIS STONE MICKEY ROONEY PLUS 2ND FEATURE
Spactoofi^
thrills and
heart
ring love
•flr«
>
SSfi — last Day —
EDMUND LOWE
— IN —
The Witness Vanishes"
—ALSO —
GENE AUTRY — IN — 'MEXICALI ROSE'
ff
niScrturdoy, October 14 1939
£xfUHUlHL Spa^tA^ fi/UgSL
^ " ‘j ■' ' V'’’*'''\ ''’'> j; 409’?''*^^ - • • Iw ■* ” '^.■!^
Enthusiasts Out To Capture Cup In Archery Tourney Archery enthusiasts will have an opportunity to show their skill in the all-campus archery tourney between 4 and 5:30 o’clock any afternoon next week. The m^et is to be held at the range which is located just north of the intr^imural field. All equipment is furnished and interested students can sign up for the tourney at the range. Six flights of arrows will be shot by each contestant, and the one ending with the highest score will receive a 12-inch trophy which may be seen in the lobby of the Fieldhouse. Medals will be given the winners of second and third places. Wesley Foundation . . . will hold their first mixed recreation Saturday evening from 7:30 to 11 o’clock in Memorial Gymnasium. The kinds of sports available will be volley ball, shuffleboard, badminton, and ping-pong. After two hours of sports, the group will join in folk games under leadership of Lois McGa\aghey. Refreshments will be served.
Cross Country Team At Pittsburgh Today Boilermaker cross country men will meet the Pitt Panther in his lair this afternoon, and despite the fact that they are on foreign Soil are expected to make a better showing than they did last year when six of the Smoky City boys had crossed the finish line before any sign was seen of a Gold and Black representative. « Not much is known of the power of this year’s Pittsburgh squad, but Coach Phillips should have a winner in Ed Holderman. Ed is making his first on the cross country team this season, but has already established his reputation as a runner. Completing the squad are veterans Bob I^eeves and Mac White along with Garson, Schulman, and Bob Jarvis, sophomore, who will be running their first race on the varsity.
Lunchepn
... of the Purdue Officers’ Club will be Tuesday noon in the Union ballroom. All members of the cadet staff, juniors and seniors, will attend the luncheon. Jim Hebbeler is chairm^in, and Major R. B. Warren is faculty sponsor of the luncheon.
iudebJiL £Jwjujl By Robert J. Deckard
Undaunted, unperturbed, and unmolested (we hope) after doing a bit of prognostications which toumed out to be sour grapes for us last week end, FC turns a lifted head towards the 20 outstanding pigskin games which occur thi3» afternoon and again endeavors to “pick” the final scores of these aifairs. —^fc— Up gi the North Woods Purdue’s Boilermakers tangle with Minnesota’s Gophers and things look pretty bright for Mai Elward’s stalwarts. . . in fact, they’ll bop the Swedes six to nothing in an exhibition of speed, power, and pugnacious gridironing. —fc— Michigan’s Wolverines are prepared to stop Iowa’s two-game winning streak by mawling the Hawkeyes, 21 to 6 ... after a torpid afternoon last week-end against Nebraska, Northwestern is anxious to break into the winning side of the
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings Photographers from Dexhimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, are taking I^BRIS pictures in the DEBRIS Workshop, fimt door to the left at the top of the stairs on the second floor of the Union Building, starting at 8:00 a. m., each morning. Every senior has a sitting scheduled for a definite time and will receive a card through the moil telling the exact time of the sitting. DEBRIS editors st£rte that it is very important that each senior report to the DEBRIS Workshop at his appointed time. If it is impossible for him to be there he should notify the DEBRIS office befor^ond and make a different appointment. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular DEBRIS pictures and is payable at the time the picture is token.
SATURDAY, OCT. 14
8:25
Andrew, Dorothy M.
1:00
9:00
Knight, E. C.
1 :10
8:00
MacDeriend, Julia
4:25
8:05
Mackiewicz, F. T.
9:05
Mackman, Doris
4:50
8:10
Madden, W. E.
9.05
9:10
Maddock, Ruth
10:00
10:00
Maier, N. A.
10:05
8:15
Major, Janet'
10:10
9:15
Malcolm, D. G.
3:40
11:00
Malinoff, G.
3:15'
10:05
Mankey, N. R.
4.00
11:05
Mann, J. R.
3:20
8:20
Marcus, L.
3:25
8:30
Marner, J. P.
8.35
9:20 8:35
Marquis, S. D. Marsh, C. G.
8.40
8:55
Marsh, G. H.
9.10
8:50
Marshall, C.
10:25
8:40
Marshall, J.
9.15
11:10
Martens,, Alice
1 1 .00
8:45
Martin, C. E.
8.45
9:25
Martin, Doris
8-50
9:45
Martin, Elizabeth
8:55
9:50
Martin, J. M.
9:20
10:45
Marxson, T. B.
9:25
9:55
Mast, W. C.
9.30
10:50
Mather, Mary
2:30
10:55
Mathis, J. B.
9:35
10:40
^Mathes, Margaret
2:35
11:25
Matthews, Ruth
10 35
10:35
Maurey, E.
10:40
11:30
May, J. R.
9:40
9:40
Mayfield, F. A.
3:45
10:30
Maynard, W. E.
9:45
10:25
McAfee, Edith
10:45
10:10
McCaffrey, J. R.
3:55
10:15
McCarthy, R. D.
10:50
10:20
McClain, J. W.
9:50
11:45
McClelland, Mary
9:55
11:50
McClure, Mary
2:40
11:15
Waller, J. A.
2 45
9:30
Waneenberg, F.
4:55
11:20
Ward, Elinor
8:10
11:35
Wehrenberg, P. H.
1:20
9:35
Weihofer, G. J.
9:00
11:40
Weisman, P.
3:50
11:55
Whitson, J. W.
2:50
MONDAY, OCTOBER 16
Dailey, J. E. Dashe, Wm. Davis, M. H.
Davison, F. E.
Davison, S j.
Emerson, Paul Enders, Sue E.
Eng, W. T.
Ensign, Caroline R.
Erickson, Ed. Esmeier, Ed. Estey, (vH. S. Ethyre, G AyA.
Fanning, R. A Faulkner, Sister Clara
Francis
Favinger, J. J. Felix, J. T. Fickle, Jean Fielding, B. L. Findley, J. W. Fishburn, H. F. Fisher, Frank H. Fisher, Fred. W. Flanagan, j. T. Fleming, Barbara Fong, Kwong-Young Fontaine, W. E. Forbes, H. B. Forsberg, Isabelle Forsyth, P. S. Fouts, J. R. Fox, j. C. Francis, E. M. Franz, F. E. Frost, Elizabeth Hitchcock, V. T. Holden, Yvonne Hruby, V. M. Krisch, James L. Kuzmitz, A. A. McNeil, R. C. Miers, M. L. Milner, C. K. South, J. O. Speier, R. N. Stinebaugh, E. H.
10:55 Stuart, CM. 8.00 Werner, L. E 4‘30 Werst, John J. 4:35 White, A. F. 1 :05 White, Joe 10:30 Whitham, H. L. 11:25 Widen, C. E. 4 40 Williams, G. K. 8.05 Williams, J. S. 11:30 Williamson, A. B. 3:30 Wilson, D.W. 11 :35 Williamson, J. R. 2:00 Wilson, E. E. 2:05 Wilson, Elynore 1 .55 Wilson, H. G 1 :50 Wilson, Helen 4:45 Wilson, J.E. 3:00 Wilson, Mariana 1 :45 Wimborough, Joan 4:20 Winchell, F. J. 1:15 Windecker, W. M. I 1 :40 Windell, A. 8:15 Winklepleck, Wilma 3:35 Wisehart, Kathryn 4 1 5 Wisehart, M. J. 2:10 Withers, B. 11:20 Wolf, M. G. 11:15 Wolford, P.M. 1:40 Wolff, Mo 4:10 Wong, L. F. 11:45 Wood, J. R. 11:10 Woodling, W. H. 8:20 Woods, Jeanne 4:05 Woods, Wm. II :55 Woodsmall, F. J. 8:25 Wpodson, J. C. 8:30 Wright, D. A. 3:05 Wright, LE. 2:55 Wright, P. N. 1:25 Wurtenberger, Helen 11:50 Wyczawski, R. H. 1:35 Wynn, Sara 10:15 Yeager, E.L. 3:10 Yeager, Marjory 2:15 Yerkes, Kathleen 11 ;05 Yost, K. E. 1:30 Young, Lerea 2:25 Zimmerman/Ruth 2:20 Zweig, R. L.
mo
(Dshjdii,
“^omfdsdsL CampuuA. QfwahaqsL'
ledger and will buck Ohio State’s Buckeyes 12 to 7 .. Indiana returns from Madison, Wis., tonight with a 13 to 12 loss to Harry Stuhldreher’s Wisconsin Badgers. —^fc— Harvard will white-wash Chicago 13 points to a goose egg ... “Zup’s” mini can’t even expect to score against So. Cal. and will end up with a 30-to-0 tarnishing . . . Nebraska over Iowa State by three touchdowns sounds reasonable . . . Michigan State is on the come-back trail, Marquette dropping the affair 21-13. —^fc— Southern Methodist had better wait until next week to win a ball game as Notre Dame’s Irish are too good today ... 17 to 6 here ... Duke has too much power for Pittsburgh, even though the Pitt line is intact and its backfield potent. . . Duke in a close one, 13 to 12. —^fc— Ah, ha! Dartmouth and Navy in a stalemate ... seven each Yale over Penn, 14-6 . . . Columbia on a counter-attack in the late stages of the game with Army sounds like a six-point victory . . . Oklahoma 30, Texas 0 ... tsk ... Louisiana State 7, Rice 6 ... tsk, tsk ... Oregon 19, North Carolina 7 . . . tsk, tsk, tsk! —fc— Out on the coast we like California in a torrid battle with Oregon ... oh, 12-7 is good enough. (We’ve run out of scores) . .. UCLA checks Stanford, 7-6. —^fc— Red Jenkins, sports editor of the paper, managed to slip us his forecasts of this afternoon’s contests before he left Friday .morning for the Minnesota-Purdue game in Minneapolis. Here they are: Michigan 21, Iowa 13 Northwestern 13, Ohio State 7 Southern California 20, Illinois 6
Purdue 'V 0, St. Joseph 0 Fumbles Mar Scoring Threats On Both Sides In Night Game On West Side High Field Boilermaker “B” gridders were held scoreless last night by the St. Joseph “B” team on the wind-swept West Lafayette high school football field, the battle ending without a score by
either side.
Fumbles, which could be blamed on the severe coldness of the winds which chilled both players and spectators spoiled the
scoring opportunities of both sides. Early in the first quarter the
l-M Schedules
SOFTBALL Monday 16—Kappa Sigma vs. (Sigma Chi or Tau Kappa Kpsilon). 18—Winner (Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 9) vs. Winner Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 4).
Official
Alpha Gamma Rho.
TOUCHBALL Monday
Field
1— Sigma Pi vs
Chapman
2— Delta Chi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Luce 3— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Kappa Sigma.
Van Hook
4— Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Gamma Delta
Smithson
6—Theta Tau vs. Lambda Chi Alpha.
Brinduse
6— ^Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Sigma Nu. Chaffee 7— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Triangle. Juillard 8— Alpha Tau Omega vs Phi Kappa.
McGrath
Harvard 14, Chicago 0 ^ Nebraska 20, Iowa State 0 Michigan State 13, Marquette 6 Notre Dame 21, So. Methodist 7 Duke 7, Pittsburgh 0 Dartmouth 19, Navy 7 Army 6, Columbia 0 Yale 20, Pennsylvania 0 Cornell 14, Princeton 7 Oklahoma 20, Texas 7 Tulane 7, Fordham 0 Louisiana State 19, Rice 6 North Carolina 20, NYU 0 Oregon 21, California 7 UCLA 14, Stanford 0 PURDUE 14, MINNESOTA 0
— and now we bring you Mr. E. Paul
Nationally Famous HAIR STYLIST of “The Powder Box” of Chicago
Presenting the newest creation of New York and Paris — The Ribbon Hair Dress. The style for the co-ed of today. Come in today and have Mr. Paul design a new hair-do just for you. . for the next four days ONLY! JVfr. Paul will supervise all other hair styling in our beauty salon during the absence of Mr. Long. TELEPHONE 7901 FOR YOUR APPOINTMENT EARLY
/Bsuiuuii^ Salon, lOEB&MENC COMPANY 323-329 Columbia Phone 7901
in the nrst quarter
Boilermakers advanced to the 37yard marker on a forward pass from Tycocki to Stevenson, who lateralled to Mcllwain. There the attack bogged down and St. Joseph
took the ball on downs.
First Quarter
St. Joseph then went down to Purdue’s 30-yard line on two plays, passed for ten more yards as the first quarter ended. The scoring threat also ended there as a pass on fourth down went incomplete into the end zone and the Gold and Black again took over the ball. Neither side threatened seriously in the second quarter as fumbles spoiled the attacks, but in the final minutes Wisheiski, St. Joseph halfback, tossed two perfect passes to worry the Boilermaker fans, but three attempts then failed through the air and the score remained 0-0 as the half ended.
Punting Duel
The third quarter was mainly a punting duel between Tycocki of Purdue, and Hiesey, the huge St. Joseph left tackle. Hiesey was apparently undisturbed by potential blockers, getting off long, high punts for around 50 yards every time. The kicking and fumbling was fairly even, however, and neither side made much of a scor-
ing threat.
The final quarter provided a few chills to warm up the frost-bitten crowd, but failed to produce any results for the scorer to record. St. Joseph opened the final quarter by punting to the Purdue 11-yard line. After being penalized for too much time in the huddle, Tycocki kicked out to the 26-yard line. Aronson theiXcame through to recover a fumble and give Purdue the ball on their own 43. St. Joseph got the^ball on a fumble, advanced to the 29 before losing it on downs. With nearly five minutes left to go Tycocki made one of those kicks you hear about. Standing about mid-field he put the ball out of bounds on the one foot line. The last Boilermaker threat ended as the gun fired as Tycocki fired a pass to an ineligible I’eceiver who dropped the ball to end the game. Golfers To Play Off Tie In Putting Meet Knipp, Coombs, Luzar, and Spangler proved to be too much competition for one another in the all-campus putting tourney and ended with identical scores of 11 holes to show for their 26 putts. On Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock, the four men will enter the play-off to determine which of them will receive the medals to be awarded the winner and runner-up.
b.vdI
No ButteiwI No *B.V.a SHORTS 35c up
f "p1?^
Ifl lisi”'i:
1
1
I
IfS-W
m
ris i^j,:
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
SaHurd^f October 14, 1939
Paul, Hair Stylist, To Show Previews of Hew Coiffures In Four Days at loeb’s Salon Coiffures are quite a worry in this windy weather, but at last we’ve found someone who knows what to do about it. That “someone” is E. Paul of the Powder Box in Chicago. Mr. Paul is in Loeb’s beauty salon for just four days as consultant on appi-opriate and individual hair styling. Solution to the problem of keeping up with the “up” trend in hair styles is the new sleek back. According to Mr. Paul, it is possible to dress the hair with a soft permanent in a variety of styles. He emphasises the fact that if you are at all clever with a comb you can swish your hair around in several becoming ways with the new ribbon hair dress. Mr. Paul has found that if the hair is properly shaped the hail--do pleases both young and old, for it maintains the high hair line without too much trouble, is becoming, and is easily trained. “Co-eds,” he said, “should like this new trend in hair styling.”
Five Teams Entered In WAA Hockey Meet Attending WAA’s invitational hockey play day today will be representatives of Ball Teachers’ College, Indiana State Teachers’ College, and the Universities of Illinois and Chicago. Activities will begin at 10:30 a.m. on the Woman’s Athletic Field, with a game between the five schools. Following the game a buffet luncheon will be served to the participants in the Union at 12 o’clock. In the afternoon at 2 o’clock, an exhibition match will be held between Earlham College and the Chicago Field Hockey Association. Included on^Earlham’s hockey team are several girls from the East. ■> . NOTICES No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, October 14, at 8 a. m., by schools as follows: students whose names begin with A-E inch, room 101 Michael Golden Shops: F-Le inch, room 264 Electrical Engineering building; Li-R inch, room 129 Electrical Engineering building; and S-Z inch, room 201 Civil Engineering building. —KNAPP.
Classified Ads ROOMS FOR RENT BOARD AND ROOMS—Experienced cook. Very reasonable. Phone 2416.
Dolphin Club: Meeting Wednesday, October 18, at 4 p. m., in Dick’s office at the pool. —HARRIS.
FOR SALE
TYPEWRITERS—^All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 601 Main Street.
Student Directory: Copies of the proof of the complete student list of the University directory are posted in the lobby of the li^ecutive building, first floor, and are available at the reference desk in the Library, and in the Union. All students are requested to check that part of the proof which concerns them personally, and in case corrections or changes are necessary, call at the registrar’s office and report necessary changes. (10-14) —STONE.
MISCELLANEOUS LOST—Tuesday between 6 and 6:30 in Sweet Shop, black and gold Ronson cigarette light in black leather cigarette case. Liberal reward. Call 7471.
WAA Archery: There will be practices on Monday, October 16, and Thursday, October 19, at 4 o’clock on the archery range. All co-eds wishing to shoot in the archery tournament should get ifi at least one vractice. ' —MOREHOUSE.
LOST—Elgin wrist yvatch, Friday somewhere between the Fieldhouse and first street on University street. If found please call 2210. Reward.
LOST—Yellow gold wrist watch. Reward. E. Franklin, 108 Waldron. Phone 2876.
SPANISH STUDENTS—Tutoring by person with good references. Call 41343.
LEARN TO TYPE—New class to start in ten days. Local student typed 30 words a minute in eleven days. New method. Indorsed by leading universities. Results guaranteed. Streamlined Typing, Box A.
Freshman Ags: There will be an important meeting of all freshmen in the schooi of agriculture who are interested in working on the Purdue Agriculturist in room
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK ■4th Cr Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Dine '
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19'/a Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
FRANK'S PLACE GOOD FOOD AT REASONABLE PRICES 1 I i Vine St. W. Lafayette
• jewelers
• Tailor
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Hardware
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St Phone 4354
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Tin Shop
• Florists
John Balkema Tin Shop Tin Work of All Descriptions 104 Main St. Phone 6852
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
118 of Agriculture Hall at 4 p, m. Monday, October 16. —BURBRINK.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Election of fall pledges Tuesday, October 17, at 7:30 p. m. in Chemical building, room 106. All members please attend. (10-18) —HALL. Sophomore Union Workers: Important meeting of our staffs to plan Military Ball decorations, Monday, October 16, in Union office. —HOJ^FER, CROW. Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Wednesday evening, October 18, at 7 :30 in room F of the Union. All student and faculty members please be present. —McC AMMON.
October 16, at 8 o’clock in room F of the Union. Pledges report at 8:30. All members and pledges bring passports with all football and basketball coupons signed. —BEILEY.
Saturday, October 14, to be in group photograph /"Purdue Students from Abroad and Their Friends.’’ —BALDWIN.
WAA Tennis: These matches must be played immediately. Mixed doubles: Fishleigh and Gabeille vs. Mather and Richards, singles: Shirley Emhoff vs. Esther Kirkhoff, and Ruth Walker vs. Janette Morris. (10-14) —MATHER.
Catalyst Pledges: Compulsory meeting of all pledges, Saturday, October 14, at 1:80 p. m. at Chemical and Metallurgical building in room 110. —OMOHUNDRO.
GE building, from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, October 28. —GREVB, Senators: All those planning to attend the picnic to be held Sunday, October 16, please sign up in senate office immediately. —ESTEY.
, PIA Dance Class: Luther, Gnidek, Quinn, Whitson, Stone, Vanderlip, Boch, Hanson, Jockewicz, Karasch, Shanower, Gochel, Risbing, Kelley register with' me for dance class before Tuesday night, October 17. —LUTZ. ‘
Christian Science Organization: A Christian Science lecture in Fowler Hall Tuesday, October 17, at 8 p. m. will take the place of the organization meeting. —FRANTZREB.
Electrical Engineering Students: All who expect to graduate prior to February, 1941, are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall. Any student who has not done so contact Prof. Canfield immediately. —HARDING. Alpha Lambda Delta Actives: Pledging Tuesday, October 17, at 7:16 in room C of the Union. Full attendance expected. —CARPENTER. American Students, Faculty: Men and women students and faculty interested in other races and countries meet with foreign students at Fowler Hall at 2 p. m..
Basic Military: All basic military students whose uniforms do not flit correctly will please report to Supply Room at once for exchange. (10-16) —HOLMES. Delta Rho Kappa: Important meeting for actives and pledges Saturday, October 14, at 1 p. m. in Union. Inquire for room number at desk. —ESTEY.
Hydraulics (C. E. 41): An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in room 203 of the C. E. building from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, .Oetober 28. —GREVE.
M. E. Students: Fees for memberships in the Purdue student branch of the ASMS may be paid in the Mechanical Engineering office on the second floor of the M. E. building. (1016) —BRYAN.
Archers: Sign for the archery tournament at,the check-out window in the Fieldhouse or at the archery range between 4 and 6 p. m. (10-14) —GRAY.
CE 41: An examination for the removEi] of C and I grades will be held in room 203,
Indiana State Teachers’ Association: Memberships in the Indiana State Teachers’ Association* are available in the general office of the Education and Applied Psychology Office. See Mrs. Wickersham. The cost of tickets is $2.00 which Includes the price of Indiana Teacher. —McCOMB.
Freshman Basketball Candidates: Follow ing report Tuesday and Thursday. All othtrs will report Monday, Wednesday, and Friday: Barkley, Bauer, Blackburn, Briggs, Carroll, Comer, Crump, Dickman, Duncan, Fields, Hafer, Hoffman, Johnson, C. Keifer, Krampe, Pyle, Raymond, Riley, Seaborg, Sparks, Stover, Sumner, Wickburg, and Wolford. (10-18) —LAMBERT.
Sophomore Union Workers: All available workers report at Union office at 1 p. m. Saturday, October 14, to complete Dad’s Day Work. Radio on hand for game. —HOFFER.
Distinguished Howitzer Squad: 'Entries for this competition must be submitted in writing to Major Faulconer or Major White at the Armory before 4 p. m., Wednesday, October 26. Each entry will list by name the Executive and Assistant Executive, both juniors, and the Chief of Section and Gunner, both sophomores. It will also list, but not necessarily by number in the squad, 7 Cannoneers and 2 Chauffeurs, all sophomores. Names once submitted may not be dropped or changed except for reasons acceptable to the Officers in Charge, named above. Entries will be accepted in the order of receipt until the quota of 8 has been received. —FAULCONER.
Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday,
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY By Studying Under a Nationally Known Teacher CLASS OR PRIVATE ALL TYPES OF DANCING NOTICE —CHILDREN ENROLL SAT., OCT. 14 Classes Divided According to Age Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th and Ferry
Crown Cleaned Clothes All Over the World From all parts of the eontinent young folks come to attend Purdue. For two decades we have been serving these students with Dry Cleaning Service of the highest character. \ This long experience is your protection.
r^lNE CLEa'nERS of fine CLOT H'"e S
LIGHT UP
... that’s always a signal for more smoking pleaswke All around you, you’ll see that friendly white package . . . that means more and more smokers everywhere are agreed that Chesterfields are milder and better-tasting . .. for everything you want in a cigarette, CHESTERFIELD WINS
copyright 1939, Xjggett & Myers Tobacco CO.
..MILLIONS