, P&i'ei,.
r
i
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY
April 16, 1938
Lafayette, Indiana
VOLr49
No. 155
Kappa's, ATO's Take Sectional Leads In First Round Of Bridge Tournament Among the 39 teams entered in the all-campus bridge tournament the Kappa Kappa Gamma’s with 14 match points and the ATO’s with 13 1-2 stepped out to lead their respective sections in the opening night’s play Thursday evening. Second in each of the Union spon-
Cary Hall East Will Be Open For Summer Session Cary Hall East will be open for summer session students this year for the first time announced G. O. Arbuckle, manager of Cary Halls, yesterday. The Hall will provide rooming accommodations for 150 male summer session students from June 16 to August 11. Arbuckle said last night, “The price for the full summer session will be $32.00 without meals. We are not serving meals for the summer session, although we are providing rooming accommodations for the students taking the shorter sessions oifered by the University. “This is a new practice for the halls; the students and the management look forward to its being a satisfactory arrangement.” Wesley Singers Plan Easter Morning Carols Early-rising Wesley Foundation members will sing Easter carols Sunday morning at the Home Hospital, the Cary Children’s Home, the Pythian Home, and the State Soldier’s Home. Carolers will leave the Foundation House at 5 a. m. Approximately 50 students are expected to take part in the Easter observance. On their return to the campus they will participate in the annual Sunrise Sei'vice on the Fowler Hall steps. The Sunrise Service, beginning at 7:30 a. m., will consist of Easter hymns, poetry, and short talks. Sigma Alpha Epsilon ... . . . fraternity announces the initiation of W. E. Britt, W. Lafayette; G. K. Dahl, W. Lafayette; R. A. Dilts, Winamac; J. H. Horton, Denver, Colo.; W. D. Huls, Cincinnati, O.; C. H. Jackson, Oak Park, 111.; R. L. Oblinger, Cuyahoga Falls, 0.; J. R. Ogden, Louisville, Ky.; D. E. Rosenthal, East Orange, N. J.; C. F. Singer, Vincennes; J. A. Sperry, Nashville; T. A. Tykocki, Lansing, Mich.; R. C. Wetsel, Akron, 0.; R. D. Wetsel, Aki’on, O.
These Nine Students...
Dizzy Davis, Pilot In ^Ceiling Zero, ’ Mixes Fun, Love, Tragedy In New Show
sored sections were the DU’s with' 13 1-2 points and Lambda Chi Alpha’s Purple, Green, and Gold with 13 points. Next Thursday the 20 high teams, which automatically qualified, will compete in the senior flight and the remaining 19 in the junior flight. Other scores of the tournament, which is being directed by J.L. Box’n, are posted in the Union game room. Those on the four leading teams are: KKG—Mary Ed Johnston, Martha Reed, Mary Anne Reimen, and Mar'y Louise Guthier. ATO— C. Edwards, V. George, E. Janusz, and J. Vitale. DU—J. M. Willis, G. F. Roguemore, A. R. Schleicher, and H. I. Stanback. Purple, Green and Gold — G. McCullough, G. Thompson, M. Lennox, P. Wehrenberg. Catalyst Elects Pledges, Formal Pledging Tuesday At their last meeting Catalyst Club, honorary society for chemical engineers, held their spring election of pledges, choosing the following men: K. G. Hookanson, C. J. Peti'y, W. S. Craft, C. Langsworthy, R. H. Meissner, G. Craig, C. D. Schroeder, R. M. McGhee, J. E. Miller, C. L. Moir, R. Verner, R. A. Peterson, J. W. Castino, J. M. Rudolph, J. K. Kirkpatrick, A. R. Pierce; L. W. Sink, S. L. McCormick, H. E. Burkhardt, and W. Deitch. In addition Prof. J. L. Bray and J. F. Strasmann, a German exchange student, were made honorary members. Professors H. Hunt and D. E. Ackerman were elected from the faculty. Formal pledging will be held on Tuesday, April 19 at 7:30 p. m. in the Phi Delta Theta house. Delta Tau Delta... . . . social fraternity announces the initiation of the following men: Milton C. Reeves, Columbus; C. Parrel Ruppert, Chevy Chase; Cameron Micheli, Antiocb, 111.; Robert Bailey, West Lafayette; H. R. Ritchie, Lebanon; Ralph Wunderlich, Bedford, O.; Keith Correll, Robinson, 111.; Perry Davis, Denver, Colo.; - and David Sloan, Downers Grove, 111.
By G. J. Tafel Just three days from today, on Tuesday night. University students and faculty members will witness a pulse-quickening drama of the airways as the curtain rises on Playshop’s “Ceiling Zero” in Eliza Fowler Hall at 7:30 p. m. Packed with action, the play swirls about the madcap actions of Dizzy Davis, a pilot with a bad heart who is continually in hot water with Government inspectors. His pal, Tex Clark, takes over his run when Dizzy losses his license, and in so doing, loses his life in a crash. Diz Falls For Hostess Diz falls hard for a young air hostess, but thinks she is in love with another young flyer, Tay Lawson. At the end of the play Tay is ordered out on a night flight. To save the youth from what he considers certain death, Diz knocks him out and ^oes in his place . . . to his death. Written by Frank Wead, retired Lieut.-Commander of the U. S. Navy Aviation Corps, the play is technically correct and fairly bristles with pilot terminology. The scene of the play is the airport operations office of the federal airport, Hadley Field, in Newark, N. J. Contains Pilots Phrases Since the play’s plot revolves Frestiniin Engiieers Meet Tliis Horning To Select School Freshman engineering students will select their schools and courses of study at a meeting of all engineering freshmen in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock this morning. The freshmen must choose between chemical, civil, electrical, mechanical, metallurgical, or public service engineering, industrial education, or engineering law. All freshmen engineers are required to attend this meeting whether or not they usually have an engineering lecture at this hour, .announced W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of the engineering schools, yesterday. Expect To Finish Room Survey Hay t Alpha Phi^ Omega actives and pledges expect to complete their survey of men student’s rooming houses in West Lafayette by May 1, President Eric Wadleigh of the Boy Scout organization reported last night. Approximately 175 of the 350 to 400 rooming places remain to be visited. When Alpha Phi Omega finishes the work of collecting information on all houses by means of a threepage questionnaire, results will be tabulated and publicized in the Exponent. Dean M. L. Fisher’s office will file the questionnaires for the reference of students as thej^ come to the University next fall.
about fog, the play has incorporated many unusual phrases which pilots have coined, and which the theatre-goers will hear. “Goo, cotton, dirt, and gloom” are a few of the words pilots use to express their dislike of their hated and feared enemy that causes the death of a great ma’ny flyers yearly. “Ceiling Zero,” the name of the play, is taken from the fact that the “ceiling” is the height of flyable air above the ground. A “zero” ceiling is no ceiling, with fog on the ground or the sky completely obscured. “Bird-walking weather” arose from the general knowledge that birds do not fly when the ceiling and visibility are zero. “Kiwi,” another popular term, is tagged onto a ground-loving pilot. Played,On Broadway Broadway paid homage to this play for a year and a half after it opened at the Music Box theater in New York in April, 1935. Critics were unanimous in their praise, and the critic who covered it for the New York American had this to say about the play, “ . . . . raises the last wisps from your beaded scalp and.is something to see no matter what weather, what ceiling over Broadway. ... a gallant spectacle and a stiring success.” Although the play was originally written for the legitimate stage, screen rights were purchased, the play was adapted to the screen, and the picture filmed. Perhaps many students remember the hit movie that starred Jimmy Cagney, Pat O’Brien, and June Travis, and will want to compare the original play with the screen version. 20 Hififary SMenfs PassCadafExams The University military department has just received word from National Army Headquarters that the following men have qualified for flying cadet appointments. Their names will be placed on the eligible list for consideration with a view to appointment to the July class at Randolph Field, Tex. Those eligible are: Frank Bardone, Jr., Charles Edward Bassett, Bailey C. Cook, Paul S. Emrick, Harvey E. Grieger, John T. Haller, Don C. Law, Arthur R. Lindgren, Bruce S. Markel, Jr., Robert L. Matthews, Raymond W. Mino, William L. Molyneux, William B. Reed, Kenneth W. Sprankle, Cyrqs B. Stafford, Charles H. Terhune, Jr., Howard L. Timms, William L. Weller, Jr., John Howard Williams, and Paul R. Marshall.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Local thunderstorms. Somewhat cooler in the east and south. Warmer in the extreme northeast today. Cooler Sunday. Yesterday’s Temperatures: Low, 59; high, 76; mean, 67.5. River Level: 13.6 feet yesterday.
SDX Picks Roastmaster For 1938 Razz Banquet Men'Who Atfend Will Sign Pledge Of Obedience To Follow Diredions Of His Supreme Highness Selection of “Roastmaster” for the Purdue Gridiron Banquet has been made, but his identity will be kept secret until the con-
clusion of the banquet.
A “Roastmaster,” as explained by members of Sigma Delta Chi, who are staging the banquet, is comparable to the toastmaster of an ordinary banquet, but his powers are much ■ greater.
150 Plant Hanagers Attend Time, Hotion Study Conference
Practically all the major industries of the state were represented here yesterday by over 150 plant managers, efficiency engineers, and industrial leaders attending the time and motion study conference. Various phases of time and motion study procedure were discussed at both the morning and afternoon sessions. Following a welcome by Prof. C. W. Beese of the general engineering department, the morning was devoted to a discussion of “Time Study and the Industrial Relations Program” by C. S. Craigmile, vicepresident of the Belden Manufacturing Co., Chicago, 111., and “Time Study Standards and the Control of Labor Costs” by H. J. Wilson, work accountant of the Warner Gear Division of the Borg-Warner Corp., Muncie. Afternoon Program The afternoon program opened with a round table discussion of the industrial representatives on methods of organizing and operating a motion study program. Methods of selling and teaching motion study to employees were described by A. B. Segur, Oak Park, 111., and L. D. Lake of the Western Electric Co., Chicago, III. Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, professor of management of the schools of engineering, presented the final address on “Motion Study as an Element in the Management Program.” Army Plans Open House For Gala Week Visitors Gala Week visitors will be given an opportunity to witness an exhibition by the military department on Friday, April 29, at 4 p. m. at Russell Field. Four regiments and a motorized battalion will participate in the event. Members of the military department will assemble in the Armory and proceed to the field, where they will pass in review before giving several brief demonstrations. The maneuvers will include an exhibition by the first brigade of mass calisthenics with music, and the second brigade will take part in a Command System Drill. Open house will be held in the Armory from 1:30 to 3:30 p. m. with a display of military equipment. All military students will be excused from their 4 o’clock classes Friday, enabling them to participate in these events.
He will be seated on a throne at the north end of the ballroom behind a “gridiron” and fire over which faculty, students and townsmen alike are to be “roasted.” He will be masked and attired in a special costume. Diners To Sign Pledge People who attend the banquet will sign a pledge to obey every request and order of the “Roastmaster” when they enter the ballroom Tuesday night, April 26. The “Roastmaster’s” orders will be carried out by two bodyguard assistants who will be seated on either side of him on the platform. His powers are supreme and he will spare no one the razzing they deserve. Sigma Delta Chi members, believing the banquet itself to be enough to deflate pompous students and professors, have decided to bar reporters and cameramen in order that no more than memories of embarrassing situations can be carried from the ballroom. This banquet will be the first revival of the formerly famous Purdue “Razz Banquets,” discontinued shortly after 1930 because they had become too “hot” for some students and faculty members. Invitations Mailed All of the select few who are to get invitations have received them already. Payment for the tickets enclosed with the invitations must be made at the Union desk before 5 p. m. Wednesday, April 20. Sigma Delta Chi members, assisted by a select few faculty members are busy preparing elaborate script for the banquet. The Leather Medal, annually awarded to the staff member having done most for the University during the year, will be presented at the banquet as well as an award to the instructor or professor judged to be the “best teadher.” Wheeler To Speak For ASCE Tuesday John W. Wheeler, BSCE ’16, CE ’24, a University trustee and an executive of the Chicago Bxirlington and Quincy Railroad, will speak before the American Society of Civil Engineers Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in the lecture room of the Civil Engineering Building. His topic will be “Some of the Business Problems that Confront Civil Engineers.” Election of ASCE officers for next year will also be held at the meet-
ing.
Pro/. Lillian Gilbreth... . . . who is associated with the University engineering schools, will be one of the speakers of the fiftieth anniversary of' the founding of Flora Stone Mather College of Western Reserve University. Ceremonies will be conducted in Cleveland, O., on May 5, 6, and 7.
Prof. Bill Miller Claims Teaching Advantage
. . . represent half of the 18 men and women now enrolled in the University whose parents were gradua;ted with the class of 1913. Members of the ’13 class will return for their 25th anniversary reunion during Gala Week, April 29 to May 1, when they will receive silver certificates for their silver anniversary. I In the above picture students in the front row from left to right are: James Girard, Plainfield, son of J. P. Girard, Ag.; Florence N. Richards, Massena, N. Y., daughter of Mrs. Nelle Mansfield Richards, science; Mary L. KnahP> Frankfort, daughter of Horace Knapp, Ag.; Paul Smyth, Morgantown, son of S. P. Smyth, Ag. Rear row: Kenneth Yost, Dayton, son of Dale Yost, EE; Tom Glazebrook, Wheatfield,, son of Mary McMahon Glazebrook; Theodore Ri(;hards, Massena, N. Y., son of Mrs. Nelle Mansfield Richards; DeVere Westjbafayette, son of D. F. Meek, Ag.;,Samuel DeCamp, Kansas .City, Mb., son oif S. M. DeCamp, EE.
Jovial Bill Miller, head professor in the mechanical engineering school’s heating and ventilating option claims an advantage over the rest of the University’s good—or bad—teachers. “I teach only elective courses,” says Bill, “and, believe me, that’s a great help.” “I don’t teach!” continues Professor Miller, “I merely talk to my students and hope they soak it up.” His theoi-y is that students study harder in his courses because they are enrolled in.||;hem by choice. He believes anyone will work more industriously on a self-assigned task. “My big job is to arouse interest in the subject matter, and keep the boys eager to learn,” insists Bill. That big job keeps him busy many hours not - ci'edited to class time.
since Bill personally makes it his responsibility to find out why any of hs students are not doing well. Talks To Slipping Student “When I see a fellow slipping I talk to him, try to encourage his interest, spend extra time teaching him, even try pounding knowledge into his head,” admits Bill. Bill Miller is justifiably proud of his heating and ventilating option . . . proud that students from every school on the campus except home ecoiipmics have elected to take his courses. “My practical experiences in industry before I started to teach were along heating and air conditioninglines,”._tells Bill. “Now I pass these experiences on to my students in courses built around a series of .lectures. (He spends two hours
preparing for each lecture.) “I insist on my students keeping a complete and usable set of notes . . . and enforce the regulation by allowing the use of notes on the final examination. “Stress Practical Side” “I stress the practical side of the subject always,” explains Miller. “I use a collection of incidents— humorous and otherwise—to illustrate things not to do. We visit places having defective heating or ventilating systems and try to analyze the trouble. Soon the fellows learn to find the troubles for themselves. “I depend on my final examination!” says Bill, putting definite emphasis on ‘depend.’ “My finals cover the entire course content, and are rigidly kept within practical limits.”
Professor Miller, born in Ar-kan-sas, raised in Oklahoma, partly educated in St. Louis’ Washington University, finished his college career at Purdue. He took a crack at industry for awhile, built up a good practice as a consulting engineer. Then he started teaching to help out “G. A.” (Pi'X)f. G. A. Young) after the death of the former H and V department head. i Then Bill rather fell in love with teaching. He emphatically states now that he wouldn’t go back to in-dustry-on a bet. “I like to teach, and like the fellows. I enjoy research and appreciate the University’s opportuiiities for investigation. Teaching is harder work, but there are“ so many compensations other than financial that it_is well worthwhile.laWBBIIi
fdihyuaL
THE PUBDXIE EXPONENT
diunufi.
Saturday, Ap^ 16, 1938
y-
The Editor Says
Students In Activities...
. . . and those with other extracurricular leanings will find some encouragement in today’s first item under “Collegiate” . . . better still, may set to wondering just what value they do get from following outside-of-school interests.
Stock excuses invented by rationalizing minds of scholastically low activity students follow. “Well, I’m getting more out of my work on than I am out of my school work”
or “I couldn’t make real good grades if I tried ... if I can become an activity big shot, even with low grades I’ll stand a better chance of landing a job after I get through this place than if I make only fairly good grades and
don’t go in for activities.”
Reliable comprehensive examinations patterned after the Brown University idea would certainlj^ provide a boon to the farsighted student who isn’t averse to sacrificing a grade now and then in order to turn his energy into some field from which no immediate recognition or compensation is forthcoming, but in which he sees possible future benefits. On the other hand these tests might easily cause an undergraduate to loaf during the first three-and-a-half years of college, because he could see no instant incentive.
Used in conjunction with the present grading systems, the comprehensive inventories might serve as equalizers for scholastic indexes. For the plugging average student, no variation might arise between grades received during the four college years and at the end of the four years.
MEMBER
^sortated ^olksiate
Entered ae second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan, 20, 1922? Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief
Bnsiness Manager
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
CO-ED STAFF Editor Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Editor Associate Editors....
SPOKTS STAFF
B. F. Obenchain
S. Brown, R. L. McDonald,
B. D. Witwer
J.
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor J. E. Brock Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance
Sophomore Assistants—R. J. Deckard, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, R. L. Keck, W. A. Kroeplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A. Torrence, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager.— J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillllan Local Advertising Manager H. R. Hensler Circulation Manager — M, C. Reeves
MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5637 Bosinsss Phone 5088
Night Editor—Stanback Issue Editoi[—Terrio Saturday, April 16, 1938
They would affect favorably the academic record of the student who forges ahead during his last few semesters after a slow start . . , unfavorably, however, the standing of the fellow who coasts through the last two years on a reputation built up as a freshman and sophomore.
system. Grades, as passed out at Purdue or any other institution, do mean something , . . if a student expects to become an engineer upon graduation, he must maintain an established minimum standard in his class work . , . else both his future success and the reputation of the school may be penalized.
However valuable to the student his extracurricular efforts may be, some restrictions are necessary to preserve order in our educational
Such a check on activity participation is now recommended by Dr. Floyd Eastwood’s committee on the Coordination of Extracurricular Activities. This student-faculty group believes no student should hold an elective campus office who can not show a 3.5 scholastic index . . . Executive Committee action is needed to make this resolution a University regulation.
Letters to Editor
“When Are You Drunk?” Dear Sir: The writer was astonished at the garbled report of the lecture on the effects of alcohol given by Dr. Harger. It would seem that your reporter would have been a good subject to have had his breath tested in the demonsti’ation that evening. The speaker did not say “A man is drunk only when he can’t raise his head from the floor and ask for another drink.” He merely quoted that as an old English ditty to show the great diversity of opinion on the subject. The following are some of the more important statements he did make. “The effect of alcohol on a person is due to its affinity for the moisture in the tissues. That alcohol taken into the body was either oxidized and thrown off or absorbed into the tissues like the brain oi- into the blood and the breath. The difference in the ability of two persons to “carry their liquor” was due to the difference in the amount their tissues absorbed. The person who has the ability to throw off large quantities of alcohol or who took it so slowly it was neutralized in the body as fast as it was taken
would show little or no effects of drinking. He said any substance containing alcohol in sufficient quantity to affect the actions of the drinker is “liquor.” The law does not use the term “drunkenness, but defined that condition as being “under the influence of liquor” to such an extent as to affect his actions. “Affecting the actions” has been construed as affecting either favorably or unfavorably, but was generally unfavorably as in car driving. The ability to burn up alcohol in the system on the part of some was so low that the alcohol contained in two bottles of beer was enough to adversely affect their driving of a motor vehicle. “There are three kinds of drinkers, light, moderate, and heavy. There is no evidence to show that the life of light drinkers is shortened by alcohol but insurance companies have an abundance of evidence to show that the lives of moderate and heavy drinkers are shortened by alcohol.
There is unmistakable evidence that alcohol taking becomes a habit on the part of some users. The number in whom it becomes a habit, as compared to the total number drinking is very small but it is impossible to tell in advance on whom it will become a habit. The girl who goes out with a man under the influence of liquor is in as much danger as if she went out with an inmate of an insane asylum, since the actions of neither are predictable. Alcohol is not a stimulant but a depressor and acts to break down our inhibitions thus leading to foolish and sometimes dangerous actions. In 30 per cent of the cases where tests have tieen made on participants in automobile accidents, one or both drivers were under the influence of alcohol.
ARC
SUNDAY ~ MONDAY
Pop Eye in “Sinbad the Sailor” all in “lechnieolor” — also — MARCH OP TIME
LAST TIMES TODAY “Brand of the Outlaws”
FRED STONE in “HidcBway”
^Painted StalUou^
So many stars, songs, surprises—so much romance, dancing, laughter! It||;i her -streamlined musical best!
.temple MBfCCt Cf SUIVIVVBROCK „ MRM "•onowRodio
r\ a a
th "WW
SAWlPH SCOTT ^fimSUMMEllVILU * BillROBiiKM
mom scon Quim
5 DAYS STARTING TODAY
6 HIT TUNES
SPRING HAS SPRUNG... ... or that’s what we deduced from some “love carvings” found in the table of the first booth by the side door inside the only tavern this side of the Wabash.
They read: M. G. J. J. then there were the Greek letters Chi Omega
WE CAN’T FIGGER . . . . . . whether it’s a boy and a girl or just two Chi O’s. And somehow we don’t really care, but we’d like to warn whoever they are that such practices are regarded as vandalism . . . even in a tavern.
HEALTH SERVICE . . . . . . news can be quite spicy at times ... as is the report about Lynn Goodwin. It seems the fluffy little Al-Fuzzy slid down a slide at Turkey Run the other day and contracted a number of splinters. We’d like to know what she said to the doctor.
TREES SEEM TO . . . . . . attract people at this time of the year ... or so we noticed in passing the Civil Building the other night . , . there were six people (we couldn’t tell whether they were girls, boys, or mixed) trying to climb the pine tree before the building . . . and they had roller skates on . . . that’s no way to do it.
WE’RE WONDERING ABOUT . . . . . . some fraternities who send their freshmen out to serenade , . . of all things . . . other fraternities. Some reports are that there were upperclassmen along, too.
JUST BETWEEN . . . . . .* us gals, don’t you think the Prom Committee ought to switch the bands around . . . putting Charlie Agnew in the ballroom and Buddy Rogers in the cafeteria? On second thought, it’d be just as good to put phonographs in both places.
SOME MARS PASSES . . . . . . are going begging for some good contribs. We’ll pay off, if and when YOU contribute.
Dr. Harger handled this subject in a highly scientific manner and if the above statements were made by him your article was very un-
fair and biased. The correctness of those statements may easily be verified by Deans Jordan or Fisher or many other staff members who were present. You owe it to the speaker and your readers to verify them and correct the report. You will do this if you are imbued with the proper journalistic spirit whatever your opinions on the subject of liquor may be. C^ M. Long, 527 State St.
CEILING ZERO oil -the STAGE
You’ve Seen the Picture—Now See the Show!
Eliza Fowler Hall April 19 thru 23
Coupon Holders Reserve Your Seats Early!
Reserved Seats 50c—at the box office in Fowler Hall, or Dial 4269
GRIN AND BEAR IT
“I hope those signs are okay — a satisfied customer is my best advertisement, you knoiv.”
be the cause of hurt feelings. If you’re not sure in a business letter whether a woman to whom you’re writing is married or not, use “Miss,” not “Mrs,”
Good spelling, the bpg-bear of many writers, is perhaps the most important prerequisite to the writing of an acceptable letter—business or social. A misspelled word in a business letter naay lose you a job. In a social letter misspelling seems to be a mark of ignorance or carelessness, and creates a bad impression on the reader, no matter how good a friend of yours he is. To spell proper names correctly, is at once, perhaps the most difficult and the most important part of letter writing. It is almost safe to say “Never wi-ite a name the spelling of which you’re not absolutely sure of.” It is discourteous and may
SPRING DANCING CLASSES OPEN Instruction will' be completed before Purdue closes. Phone 2150 Beginners Open Wed., April 20, TsS® p. m. Advanced SWday, April 22, 7sB0 p. m. Phone 2150
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
f OeoemsolMelRhythm cmdFunl
A 20th Cenfury-Fox Pielur* with KEYE LUKE • DICK BALDWIN • ^NN BARI DOUGLAS FOWLEY • JAYNE REGAN • HAROLD HUBER MAXIE ROSENBLOOM —PLUS—
eiflRIil STUMT lOAEL WHALEN PAUL KELLY ROBERT KELLARD JUNE STOREY PAUL HURST
— ONE WEEK — STARTING SUNDAY
FOLLIES
ADOLPHI MINJOU THE RIYZ BROTHERS ZORINA'KENNY BAKER tCHARLiE McCarthy: OBR$HWIN SONOS w CTcmncoMiB
STARTS TONITE — 11:30 —
TODAY HITTING A NEW HIGH — Plus — PRISONER OF ZENHASaturday. April 16, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Commentator
DePauw Tigers Hand Boilermaker Nine 6-3 Defeat
Pitchers Fail To Show Form Of Wabash Game A touring baseball nine from DePauw wound up a four-day jaunt here yesterday afternoon by climaxing their intensive workout with a 6 to 3 victory over the Boilermaker squad.
The game was a far cry from the
Track Team Opens Season Against Michigan State At Lansing Today Competing in their first outdoor meet of the 1938 season, the Boilermaker trackmen will be matched against the Michigan State Spartans in a dual meet at East Lansing, Mich., today. The State contingent is rated as one of the best balanced and best developed squads in the country and will rule as a heavy
favorite for victory.
Coach Hermon Phillips is counting heavily on the point gathering ability of such men as Co-Captain Bob Lemen, star Boilermaker hurdler; Art Bodeau, middle distance runner; Alden Knapp, distance ace; Co-Captain Charles Terhune, in the quarter mile; Simmons and Luther in the quarter; and DeLong in the sprints. Climaxing the meet will be the highly contested low hurdles event which will probably develop into a race between Purdues Bob Lemen and Woodstra of Michigan State. These two stars, who are outstanding among this year’s intercollegiate hurdlers, will be reviving a rivalry which was contested throughout the past indoor season. Twenty-one members of the Boilermaker squad will make the trip. They are: Gaulke, Long, Marozick, Bodeau, Knapp, Horton, Witt, ^ad-
leigh, DeLong, Simmons, Fifield, Terhune, Luther, Shideler, Lemen, Gutting, Willey, Curran, Murphy,
Kessler and Beretta.
Women’s Athletics
FRATERNITY TENNIS SINGLES Today—1:15 p. m. Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Triangle. Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Theta Xi. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Beta Theta Pi. Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Delta Chi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Nu.
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
i%- DISCOUNT on all Laundry brought in and called for at our West Lafayette office. We guarantee both workman- . ship and service on both Laundry and Dry Cleaning. Pbne BUS for pickup and delivery service. AMERICAN LAUNDRY
Paul Douglas, sports commentator, will open his 1938 baseball broadcast Monday at 7:30 p. m., C.S.T., over the NBC network. His sports resume will be given Monday through Friday from 7:30 to 7:45 p. m. throughout the season and will include stars of the big leagues as guest artists. This series of programs is sponsored by the Liggett & Myers Tobacco Company. Tennis Outlook Bright As Squad Faces Opener Chances for a winning tennis team appear brighter than they have for some time, with last year’s team almost intact and several promising sophomores to bolster up the reserves as the team prepares to meet Indiana State Teachers’ Monday. Spring weather the past week has given all of the boys a chance to get in some intensive and much needed practice, and most of them are now rounding into shape rapidly. However, as with other Boilermaker athletic teams, the squad has had its share of injuries and ineligibilities. Gardner’s Shoulder Bad Gardner, number three man from last year, is bothered with a shoulder injury. Traylor, last year’s number two man, has been beset with leg injuries. Wakefield, a veteran from last year, and Fuente, who got his tennis experience among some of the top ranking juniors in New England, are waging a battle for the number one spot. As yet Coach LaBree has not announced the players for the first match, and the positions of the men are quite doubtful.
Swimming Meef May 10 WAA intramural sports program this year will again include a swimming meet, which will take place May 10. Co-eds representing wards and sororities will try to break pool records in 11 competitions. Racing events will include 40 yard free style, 40 yard breast stroke, 40 yard back stroke, 100 yard free style, 220 yard free style, and 60 yard relay events. Form competition will include resting back, side, breast, breast-back tandem, and diving. Rope pulling and possibly other stunts will also be
included.
Barbara Cook was individual scorer last year. The following records were made then: 40 yard free style, 26 seconds; 40 yard breast stroke, 35 seconds; 40 yard back stroke, 34.2 seconds; 100 yard free style, 1 minute 36.8 seconds; 220 yard free style, 4 minutes and 31 seconds; and 60 yard relay, 39.6 sec-
onds.
Each ward and sorority may enter any number of girls in any number of events but only two in each event. One girl may not enter more than five events, and not more than three speed events, the committee
has decided.
All entrants must have three practice swims before May 10. Practices will be held each Tuesday and Thursday evenings at 7:30,
starting April 19.
“Ward and sorority managers should see that their girls attend the required practices.” said Georgia Walker, past president of Triton Club, women’s honorary swim-
ming organization.
Triton Cfyb Elects
1'
Triton club, women’s honorary swimming society, announces the election of the following officers: Althea Jorgeson, president; Betty Spears, vice president; Margaret Crankshaw, secretary; and Jane Cook, treasurer.
All-Campus Golf Those interested in all-campus golf should sign up at the intramural office in the f’ieldhouse. Faculty is welcome. Fee, 10 cents. —CLEVETT.
Fancy Louisiana STRAWBERRIES
the Purdu© Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
• Beaiity Studio
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. B3ENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
• Auto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
Locksmith
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock eerriee our epecUdty. L. C. N. Door Cloeer Dietribntora 208-211 N. 5th St., Phone 2828
• Florist
dh)jth J'Jhfd&i
635 Main St. in Idina Theatre Bnildinff Phone 7955—8050
• Tin Shop JOHN BALKEMA TIN SHOP Carl G. Butz, Mgr. Sheet Metal and Furnace Work of All Kinds 104 Main St. Phone 6852
pitching battle which characterized Purdue’s first home game Tuesday with Wabash, when the Boilermaker hurling staff made 18 strikeouts in nine innings. Yesterday the pitchers didn’t seem to have that final push needed to get that third strike. Mangas ended up with one strikeout for seven innings, Warner with one in two innings, and DePauw’s Lundy with three for six and two-thirds innings. DePauw Scores DePauw drew first blood of the game as they turned on a scoring drive in the first of the third inning and smashed out four hits to account for three runs. Then it was not until the end of the seventh ining that Purdue decided to do something about the lop-sided score, so they took advantage of a walk, three hits and an error to push across the three tying runs. Right away DePauw came back and scored again after Warner had put two men on the bases with walks. It was then that the game got tight as Purdue came to bat and Dean hit his way to first and then ended up at third on an error by the center fielder. Hopes were high right then, but were doomed to bitter disappointment as he was boxed between third and home and tagged out. That was the home nine’s last bid for winning honors. Two More Runs In the last inning DePauw; rolled up a bigger lead with two more runs and staved off the last minute efforts of Purdue by retiring them one, two, three. Tomorrow afternoon “Dutch” Fehring’s charges will take on Western State Teachers’ College in their third encounter of the week at 2 p. m.
Rus.sell, 3b Clinton, lb Bailey, If Levy, cf Sieben, rf Bavasi, c Lundy, p Randall, p
Totals
DePauw .. Purdue .
. 3 2 1 29
6 3
R H E
.... 003 000 012—6 6 3 ... 000 000 300—3 5 3
Summary and box score: Purdue AB R Vernon, If 3 0 Dean, rf 3 0 Lyboult, 2b 3 1 Mackiewicz, 3b 2 1 Stamm, cf 1 1 Thompson, ss 3 0 Waling, lb 3 0 McAfee, c 3 0 Mangas, p 2 0 Warner, p 0 0 Dickinson, cf 1 0 *Hearne 0 0 Totals 24 3 *Batted for Mangas in 7th.
DePauw Merkle, 2b . Mackie, ss ..
AB .. 4 . . 4
R 0 1
E 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0
Batteries; DePauw—Lundy, Randall, and Bavasi. Purdue—Mangas, Warner, and McAfee. Two base hits Clinton, Mackiwicz. Stolen bases, Waling. Bases on balls; off Lundy, 5; Mangas, 1; Warner, 3. Strike outs; by Lundy, 3; Mangas, 1; and Warner, 1. Elect Officers In Men^s Club In a recent meeting, the ‘P’ men’s club, which is composed of all lettermen on the campus, elected their officers for the coming year. The club, a local division of the international lettermen’s club, also made plans for the part it will play in Gala Week festivities. Gene Anderson, Phi Delta Theta and captain-elect of the basketball team, was elected president. Tony Juska, Delta Upsilon, and George Spehn, Theta Chi, both members of the varsity football team, were elected vice-president and secretarytreasurer respectively. Kappa Delta Rho... . . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers: president, Ralph Hill, East St. Louis, HI.; vice-president, Berg Newhouse, Oaklandon; rush chairman, Lou Billman, Anderson; social chairman. Ralph Nichols, Valparaiso; secretary, George Peck, Geneva, 111. Corresponding secretary, Bob Tibbetts, Union City; chaplin, Don Coleman, Alexandria; steward, Alfred Kraas, Indianapolis; house manager, R. G. Rice, Milwaukee, Wis.; athletic manager, Tom Hutchinson, Mishawaka; and financial committeeman, Roland Lisius, of Crown Point.
Alpha Chi Rho .. . . . social fraternity announces the pledging of Lewis McCammon, of Tulsa, Okla.
Sammy Strang, first of the pinch hitters, connected with nine consecutive safeties in his first nine times at bat in this capacity.
Join the Easter Parade
with Westside Service
We wouldn't- like to say "We told you so", and that's why we're warning you again that you'd better have your spring finery cleaned and pressed right away. To look your best, send your things to us.
West Side Cleaners
prthwestern at Vine
Pfione 4081m
'-'si
Knm
oCtxaL ddiu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TiatlcsA.
Sorturday, April 16, 1938
collegiate
Columbia University students have asked President Nicholas M. Butler to apolog'ize for not allowing Robei't Burke to speak at a student club meeting.
Dr. Young To Speak At Meeting In Davenport, la.
Harvard Alumni Association officials handle more than 600,000 pieces of mail annually to keep the whereabouts of alumni up-to-date.
Mother's Day Invitations
Menus for the Banquets
Lafayette Printing Company
Phone 7828
Tomorrow In The Churches
Comprehensive inventoi'ies of seniors' intellectual resources arc the latest testing devices for today’s college students. First to institute the examination is Brown University, whose president Henry M. I'iston, says that they will attempt to measure “what students know today rather than what they have known—what they have retained and have available as current resources.” The te sts will also measure what seniors have learned from extracuricular activities and from everyday social and cultui'al contacts on and off the campus. Ordinary examinations never weight “the thousand and one other things that a normal person does” outside the classroom, President Wriston maintains.
Dr. Robert Maynard Hutchins, youthful president of the University of Chicago, should be the next president of the United States. At least this is the opinion of Novelist Sinclair Lewis, who said in a recent lecture here that the famed educator is “the kind of a man who could face Stalin, Mussolini and Hitler and make them feel a little ashamed.”
The University of Delaware is now offering a year of study in Switzerland to enable the students to study the League of Nations at first hand.
Mrs. Zoe Seevers, Drake University English professor, has had in her classes nine famous writers and 15 members of the pi-esent Drake faculty.
Dr. E. C. Young, assistant dean of the graduate school and member of the farm management staff, will speak on “Cooperative Agriculture Credit and Government” at the fifth annual meeting of the Midwest Economics Association at Davenport, la.
Dr. J. A. Estey, head of the history, economics and government department, accompanied by Dr. R. G. Thomas and Prof. F. F. Hargrave left Thursday to attend the conference.
St. John’s Episcopal 8:00—Holy Communion. 10:45—C. Vincent Miller will sing Gounod’s “Sanctus.” Full choral service. 6:00—Young People’s Fellowship meets at rectory for supper.
for
Wesley Foundation 5:00—Leave the Foundation
caroling.
7:30—Sunrise service on Fowler Hall steps. 8:15—Easter breakfast (10 cents). 9:30—Sunday school; co-eds at the Foundation, men at the West Lafayette Church. 10:40—Easter worship service. 5:00—Fellowship supper. 6:30—Candlelight service at the
church.
9:30—Discussion group led by Dr. Graves. 10:45—Morning worship. Pastor Dr. W. R. Graham will preach on the theme, “What is the Easter Time ?” The Central church choir togethei- with the Purdue Concert Choir under the direction of A. P. Stewart will present two anthems, “The Gloria” from ‘Twelfth Mass’ by Mozart and “Allellujah, Christ is Risen,” by Kopolyoss. 6:15—Sunday Evening Club supper in the’ Educational Building. Following the supper. Dean V. C. Freeman of the University school of agriculture will discuss, “Tomorrow’s Leaders.”
Central Presbyterian 6:30—Suni'ise Service. The choir will sing “Adoramus Te” by Joseph W. Clokey.
St. Mary’s Catholic 6:00—Mass. 8:00—High Mass; special Easter Music. 11:00—Mass.
Sculptress Frances Rich Submits Model For Carving Blocks Of Union
By Joan Wimborough
Fees for out-of-state students at Louisiana State University are now on a recipi ocal basis, the same as charged Louisiana students to attend the state university from which the student comes.
Young sculptress Frances Rich who is designing figures to be carved out of the large unfinished stones over the Memorial Union Building main entrance, was on the campus this week to meet with the board of trustees which is considering her models.
ures have passed the preliminary committee, and are now being considered by the trustees. The plans are waiting judgment on the mat-
ter of appropriating funds.
A shop in which students may spend their leisure time pursuing their hobbies has been opened at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Miss Rich studied for two and a half years with Malvina Hoffman, ’ contemporary French sculptress famous for her many bronze statues of mankind in the Field Museum in Chicago.
Students View Models Several students and faculty members saw her models yesterday in the trustees’ office in the Executive Building. Their opinions were voiced by Tom Sheets, Student Union president, who said, “They are really swell.”
Designs Nurse Memorial She has just finished work on the Army and Navy Nurse memorial which is now being cut in marble. It will be dedicated in the fall in Arlington National Cemetery, of Washington, D. C.
“These figures are new and modern. There is nothing anything like them, in the United States,” said Miss Rich. “They will be simple, yet massive, and will express activities in the Union Building.”
Miss Rich will return Wednesday for the meeting of the University board of trustees. Her model of the Union entrance and her plastic fig-
Pi Tan Sigma J. E. Taylor, pledge of Pi Tau Sigma, resides in Lafayette instead of Owensboro, Ky., as was erroneously reported in a recent Exponent.
AREAS OF CIRCLES
Diam.
Area
Diam.
Area
0" I H)
0031
D
3" 1 <T
.... 7.0686 ... 7.366
Vs
0123
78
.... 7.670
i u
0276
.3 1 ♦>
.... 7.980
1/4
0491
E
74-
.... 8.296
0767
8.618
%
1105
% -
.... 8.946
1 Ti"
1503
7 11>
.... 9.281
1/2
1963
C
72
.... 9.621
9 1 15
2485
9 1
.... 9.968
Vs
3068
78
... 10.321
H
3712
11 10
. .10.680
%
4418
K
74
...11.045
1 3 1
5185
1 3 to
...11.680
%
6013
78
...11.793
1 r> J ii
6903
1 5 10
...12.177
r
E
4"
...12.566
1 3 R
7854
XS
...12.962
Vs
9940
78
.. .13.364
T(i
1.1075
R
3 Hi
...13.772
. 1/4
1.2272
74
...14.186
tV
1.3530
I’o
...14,607
%
1.4849
%
...15.033
T ({
1.6230
’S
7 10
...15.466
1/2
1.7671
72
.45.904
Tit
1.9175
9 1 (T
.. .16.349
%
2.0739
78
...16.800
1 1 llj
2.2.365
11 1(>
....17,257
%
2.4052
74
...17.721
1 3 111
2.5802
1 3 1(T
...18.190
78
2.7612
78
. .18.665
xf
2.9483
5
1 5 XtT
...19.147
2" ....
3.1416
1
5"
...19.635
tV
3.3410
1
xV
... 20.129
78
3.5466
8
78
...20,629
. TO
3.7583
fV
. .21.135
74
3.9761
74
...21.648
fV
4.2000
...22.166
%
4.4301
M
%
...22.691
xV
4.6664
x7
...23.221
72
4.9087
A
72
. ...23.758
1*^
...5.1572
-A
...24.301
%
5.4119
T
78
...24.850
11 'Id
5.6727
1
Xff
... 25.406
74
5.9396
N
74
.. .25.967
....
6.2126
H
...26.535
78
6.4918
78
...27.109
X c
6.7771
...27.668
Books —
Gifts —
Stationery
Office Equipment — Athletic Outfitters
Reverse Calf Finding Favor In Shoe Styles
WAA Golf: All girls interested in playing golf please sign up immediately on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gym. (4-18) —HIMES.
Wesley Foundation: Morning watch service, Saturday, April 16, at 7:30. Ennis Jones will be the leader. —PARSONS.
With the coming of warm weather our old standby, the plain white buckskin shoe, will be the popular design. Becoming more and more evident each season are the reverse calf model and saddle strap shoe. Last year’s favorite for everyday wear, the suede model with crepe soles, is fast decreasing in popularity in favor of the reverse calf featuring crepe soles. For general dress wear the plain brown and black models, with and without wing-tips will as usual hold their own. The new monk shoe with the overlapping tongue will be a new innovation among the dressier shoes and should develop into a popular favorite. For strict formal wear the black patent leather stands supreme. It is possible to get by with the ordinary dress black shoe with the plain toe, but only a patent leather is essentially correct. For summer wear all types of white shoes will predominate. One popular favorite this season and during the summer months will be the white canvas models, coming out in several styles. Greys and two color sport shoes, both blacks and browns will be favorites to wear with slacks and all Spring suits.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, April 17 at 7 :30 p. m. at 326 Chauneey. Bring manuscripts. —FELDMAN.
Varsity Fencers: All lockers must be turned in before noon Saturday, April 16. —MEIER.
GOOD SH^LE ROOM—First floor. One other student. Phone 35681.
Purdue Union of Jewish Youth: Meeting Sunday, April 17 at 4:30 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. —HONOROFF.
FOR SALE—New drawing set. Phone 71862.
RENT A NEW ROYAL—Portable Typewriter by the week or month. Call 6477 Decker’s, 518-20 Main.
WAA Baseball: Monday, April 18 at 4 p. m.. Alpha Chi vsl Kappa, Alpha Xi vs. Phi Mu : Tuesday, April 19 at 4 p. m.. Ward 2 vs. WRH, Pedalion vs. Chi Omega: Wednesday, April 20 at 4 p. m.. Pi Phi vs. Ward 1, Wards 3 and 4 vs. Alpha Xi; Thursday, April 21 at 4 p. m.. Kappa vs. Ward 2, Phi Mu vs. Chi Omega. —MAIER.
Reamer Club: Meeting Monday, April 18, at 8 p. m. in room A of the Union. Everyone be there. —ROSS.
The University of Wisconsin summer session curriculum will include 1,000 courses of study.
Newman Club: All those wishing to be candidates for offices next year please contact me. (4-19) —OTTENWELLER.
Notices
Ha Notices Aocepled After t p.a.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in room A of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. Tuesday, April 19. —WINTER.
Independent Men: All interested in singing in Fraternity Sing report Monday, April 18 at 4 o’clock in Fowler Hall. Membership in PIA is not necessary, —CODDINGTON.
WAA Tennis: First round of the girls’ doubles tournament must be played off by the end of this week. The following girls should play: Shock and Beaudry vs. Schilling and Mather; Walker and Jarrett vs. Bier and Bieseker. Shuber and Gould vs. Lounce and Raebig ; Horne and Jenkins vs. Major and Bryant; Swift and Fishleigh vs. Benoret and McLean. Courts may be reserved. Drop in after school and call at WAA office. (4-16) —WALKER.
the ^
In Addition . . ,
... to its scoring marks, Purdue’s Big Ten basketball champions are believed to have set another mark. The Boilermakers, according to a conservative estimate, played before at least 160,000 people from Ohio to the Pacific Coast during the past season. The largest single crowd of the season witnessed the Purdue-Wisconsin game at Madison where the official attendance was 13,003. Five out of the nine games in Purdue’s new Fieldhouse were complete sellouts.
Chem 29 Conditions: Condition examinations in Chemistry 29 will be given Saturday, April 16, in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. —McBEE.
Christian Foundation: 'I’he Purdue Christian Foundation is sponsoring a sunrise breakfast at 6:15 a. m. Easter Sunday at the First Christian Church. The price is 15 cents and everyone is welcome. (4-16) —GRAVES.
WAA Archery: Practice at 4 every afternoon. Three practices are required for entry in tournament April 25. (4-17) —BALCOM.
nrowER? SEEDS-
Freshman Swimmers: All freshman swimming team members who have ordered pictures please get them at once in room 100 in the Fieldhouse. (4-16) —EASTWOOD.
Everything for Flowers and Gardens
Purdue Motorcyclists: Short preliminary meeting at Airport Sunday, April 17 at 10 a. m. All riders invited. —MARKS, EADE.
SPim HARDWAE 822 Main St.
AT PURDUE IT’S THE EXPONENT
ESSITS
Buying newspaper space is nofunlike buying a new suit or a new dress. You get out of that suit just what the manufacturer puts into it. So it is with a newspaper. The advertiser gets out of his newspaper advertising just what he puts into it.
Hit and miss advertising brings some results, but a steady, consistent reminder of your name and merchandise will do much more.
For student trade, use the EXPONENT!
PURDUE EXPONENT