t l-'V,
Purdue^ Exponent
Volume 5L No. 54
Saturd<ky/ Novendber 11, 19^
Boilermaker Squad Shifts Into High For Wildcat Fray Riveters Seek Revenge After Three Week Slump-Students, Alumni Look For Victory
By Joe Dolan
Like a busted fliver on a hill, the Boilermaker football team has been gaining momentum—^in reverse, but this afternoon, that same fliver is expected to do some forward action, With some replacements to its torque section (the line) by head mechanic Elward, it will again attack another hill, Northwestern, an elevation that after an encouraging start (for its opponents) has risen to precarious heights (for opponents) during the last
three weeks.
Wildcat Mentor
Hungry For A Win
With Purdue fans, students, and alumni quite victory hungry and seeking revenge on the Wildcats of Northwestern, the Boilermaker gridders will enter the stadium on the shores of Lake Michigan this afternoon to face a team that is definitely rolling toward a share of the conference toga. During the initial part of the season, rumors of dissention in the ranks of Lynn Waldorf’s ranks came floating to the other conference schools, but with the Purple team’s sudden counter attack that brought downfall to Illinois, Wisconsin, and Minnesota, the rumors have faded like
a snow ball in h 1 ! !. Purdue A Long Shot
Purdue will enter the fracas the underdog, not because the N.U. squad is any better, man for man, but due to the Gold and Black’s dismal showing since the Notre Dame game. If Purdue wins, the victory will no doubt be classed an upset, but there is a paradox to that “upset stuff” if the Purdue eleven can find itself, because the Boilermakers are just as good in the grid business as Hahenstein, Soper, Clawson, Kipford, and Company; and,
oh yes, DeCorrevont.
At left tackle. Coach Elward plans to start big, rugged A1 Rossi, a junior from Peking, 111. A1 is as dependable a tackle as the Boilermakers have, and he can match bumps with any lineman in the league, because he’s a wrestler and a boxer in the off season. With the dependable Bykowski at guard will be teamed Jim Miller, slow but sure operating sophomore guard, a young man that is hard to noticq from the stands and harder to get past on the grid. Big Basil Petry, hard tackling center, may take over the center post due to his vicious defensive play during the Iowa tilt.
Rankin Marked Maii
Dave Rankin, Purdue’s great left end, will have a yeoman’s job on his hands if he expects to clear the Wildcat defense that has practically been laid, for him all week. Throughout Thursday night’s practice session for the Purple lads, Mentor Waldorf had his charges working on stopping end-arounds by the freshnlen, and the varsity
was stopping them, too.
jCI yA//v W/9LDOJ=sf=^
. . . Lynn Waldorf, who has brought his potentially great team a long way since the disastrous opening games with Oklahoma and Ohio State. The wearers of the Purple mantle are now making their bid for conference honors, and with the Northwestern backers are already applying pressure for those early losses. Big Ten Standings W.L.T. Pet. Pts.Op. Ohio State 3 0 0 1.000 60 20 Northwestern.... 3 1 0 .760 40 27 Iowa 3 1 0 .760 62 69 Michigan 2 1 0 .667 119 23 Indiana 2 2 0 .600 60 62 Illinois 1 2 0 .333 22 27 Purdue 0 1 1 .000 13 17 Chicago 0 1 0 .000 0 86 Minnesota 0 2 1 .000 40 60 Wisconsin 0 3 0 .000 20 46
Annual Ag Horticulture Show, Featuring 'Mums/ Opens; Continues Through Sunday
Against a background of multicolored chrysanthemums ,m a variety of sizes, the 19th annual University horticultural show opened yesterday afternoon at 1 o’clock in the Horticultural building and will continue through Sunday. The show consists of two parts; a floriculture display of a variety of flowers pther than chrysanthemums in the greenhouse, and a display of fruits, vegetables and nuts in the auditorium of the Horticulture building. 8,000 Visitors Last Year The displays, which were attended by more than 8,000 visitors last year, will be open to the general public from 8 until 12 and from 1 until 9 o’clock today, and from 1 until 6 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. Student exhibits depicting the various phases of their horticultural work will be set up in the corridors of the building as a supplement to the flower show and competive fruit, vegetable, and nut displays. Because of the outstanding crop
of apples throughout the state, the student committee in charge is anticipating a record entry of apples, ranging from old'^ashioned winesaps to the popular turley. The vegetable exhibit will include potatoes, onions, cabbage, pumpkins, squashes, carrots, pop corn, sweet potatoes, and other varieties of garden stuffs commonly grown in the state. The nut class will display such Indiana grown nuts as pecans, hickories, walnuts, butternuts, chestnuts, and hazel nuts. Cups For Display Classes In the special student class, which has been added as a supplement to the display classes for the commercial and amateur growers, a loving cup for the best plate of apples and the best display of vegetables. All the fruits and vegetables exhibited in the show are eligible for sale to anyone who so desires to buy them. The sale will be held in the auditorium of the Horticulture building at 4 p .m. Monday.
Playshop Lab Group Presents First Plays Of Current Season Last night, before an invited au-, • dience of about 260 people, the laboratory group of Playshop presented 'two one-act plays, “The Lion” and “The Lady Novelist,” to open its current season. The plays were staged largely as experiments in staging technique. “The Lion,” put on first, was a production concerned with the denunciation and death of a selfish, greedy English landowners. Weird lighting in the background provided an uncanny atmosphere for the rising of the ghost of one of the chief character’s past victims. Second shown was “The Lady Novelist,” which displayed the rise, culmination, and happy ending of a domestic quarrel. The outstanding feature of the novel presentation method, which consisted mainly in constructing only a suggestion of the set, was the including of the audience in the cast of one scene. The scene was supposed to be in an auditorium and the audience made extras unnecessary. An approving audience put the lab group definitely into the success column. Armistice Program Scheduled TodayIn Union At It A. M. Armistice Day will be observed by the University in a program taking place in the Great Hall of the Memorial Union building at 11 o’clock this morning. The program will feature a twenty-one gun salute and a short address by a faculty member. Scabbard and Blade, Purdue Order of Military Merit; Prof. Frank R. Hall of the history department, and Paul T. Cooper, president of the Purdue Student Union, will take part in the program which is to be broadcast over WBAA Quifet Starts At 10:55 At 10:6p everyone in the Union will be warned that quiet must be observed in all parts of the building until the conclusion of the program. A bugle will sound atten-N tion, starting the program, at 10:68. At 11, Scabbard and Blade and POMM will fire -a 21-gun salute. Following the salute they will place a wreath on the Memorial Tablet, after which the bugle will sound taps. Program Paul Cooper, president of Student Union, will read the roll call of the Purdue Honor Roll. Prof. Frank Hall of the history department will give a short address on “Armistice Day, 1939.” The program will close with the sounding of recall. Carpenter To Give Recital Tomorrow Under the auspices of the Student Union music c6mmittee, Richard Carpenter, brilliant young pianist from Chicago, will present a recital in the music room tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock. Carpenter is noted for his depth of feeling and interpretive powers. Once chosen by Josef Chemiavsky to appear on one of his yoimg artist programs, he has been universally praised by critics for his brilliant work. Raised in Muncie, Carpenter was a Hoosier until he went to Chicago to study under Rudolph Ganz, president of the Chicago Musical College. Bill Martin
Leaders' Retreat To Dayton Formally Opens Religious Emphasis Program
Carving Defacers Put On Probation By Judge's Ruling Chester Malmquist, science freshman, and Carl Anderson, chemical engineering sophomore, after receiving a sound lecture from Judge W. Lynn Parkinson were placed on probation. They appeared in circuit court yesterday after having pleaded guilty to the painting of the new has reliefs above the Union building early on the morning of October 21. Judge Parkinson told the boys that he would give them a chance to redeem themselves and to make good, but he severely warned them that it was still within his jurisdiction to assess a fine double the amount of the damage, which was placed in the affidavit at $100, and impose a maximum jail sentence of one year, if their future actions so warranted. Parents of Anderson and the mother of Malmquist accompanied the boys to the court hearing. The men have been dropped from the University.
Dr. Muilenburg
. . . dean of the Pacific School of Religion, Berkley, Calif., will be a headline speaker at the Religious Emphasis Week activities next week. He received his academic training at Yale and Maine Universities and studied a year at Marburg. After holding positions at Nebraska, Yale, and Mount Holyoke, he returned to the University of Maine where for four years he was dean of the college of arts and sciences. Preview Stock In Little International Livestock Display » Again this year, as in years past, the animal husbandry department, will hold a preview showing of the livestock that will be exhibited in the International Livestock show in Chicago later in the month. This Little International will b6 held at the University livestock judging pavilion on Wednesday evening, November 16, at 7:30. The exhibit will include 11 steers representing three breeds, 17 sheep representing four breeds, and 45 hogs representing four breeds. This livestock display is offered in order to give students, alumni, and faculty an opportunity to see the exhibit before it is shipped to the Chicago show. Seats are free' of charge, and all who are interested fire cordially invited.
Dr.J.M.Bader
Palmer, Other Visiting Leaders Wilt Speak At Local ^hurches Tomorrow Official activities of Religious Emphasis Week will get underway this afternoon at 2 o’clock at the Dayton Methodist Cfliurch, Dayton, with a retreat of the Committee of 100 and visiting leaders. The retreat, only opening day event on the program, will last until 10 o’clock. Campus events will be in full swing
tomorrow.
Scheduled to speak several times during the coming week. Rev. Albert Palmer, president of the Chicago 'Theological Seminary, will mak6 his first appearance at the West Lafayette Baptist Church Sunday morning. Simultaneously, others on next week’s program will also occupy local pulpits. Dr. Jesse M. Bader, national director of the University Christian Mission, will be guest pastor at the West Lafayette Methodist Church. Miss Muriel Lester, founder and director of Kingsley Hall, London, will be the visiting speaker at the First Christian Church. Krauss, Muste, Kichhoffer At the Holy 'Trinity English Lutheran Church, Rev. Paul H. Krauss, pastor, English Lutheran Church, Fort Wajme, will conduct the services. 'The Central Presbyterian Church will have as visiting pastor, A. J. Muste, minister, Labor Temple (Presbsrterian) Church, New York City. Preaching at St. John’s Episcopal Church will be Bishop
Kirchhoffer.
-Catholic leaders have just been announced. They will be Rev. John Bennet, a diocesan of the Catholic Church, and Rev. Joe Hennes of Fort Wayne, director of ACTU; both of whom will speak the latter part of the week. Palmer Speaks Sunday Returning to the platform. Rev. Palmer will address the Sunday evening convocation on “The Religion of an Educated Man,” which will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall at 7:30. The religious leader will appear on the program for the third time as speaker at the facidty luncheon in rooms 1 and 2 6f the Union, Monday
noon.
Probably better known for his writing than his many other varied activities in the field of religion. Rev. Palmer is the author of ‘“The Human Side of Hawaii,” “'The New Christian Epic,” “Drift Toward Religion,” “Paths to the Presence of God,” and “Orientals in American
Life.”
Travels Widely Several trips to Japan and the Orient, Europe, the British Isles, Egypt, Palestine, and Greece considerably broadened his scoi)e of world religious affairs. His pastorates include Plymouth Church, Oakland, Calif.; Central Union Church, Honolulu, Hawaii; and the First Congregational Church, Oak Park,
111.
. . . widely known religious leader and national director of the University Christian Mission, will appear on the Religious Emphasis
program the coming week.
In 1930, Dr. Bader organized the World Convention of the Disciples of Christ and became the organization’s first president. This summer he visited seven European countries, attending the Youth Conference in Amsterdam and the Methodist Con-
ference in Poland.
During the World War, he served 13 months overseas in the YMCA. Harvest flop Attrads 150 Co-eds And Dates One hundred and fifty couples danced at the WAA Harvest Hop last night in the Union ballroom to the music of Irvan Maury and his campus band. The hop took the place of the masked ball sponsored in previous years by the organiza-
tion.
Informality was the keynote of the dance with co-eds in street clothes, sweaters and skirts, and
the eds in sport clothes.
The backdrop, with a co-ed and ed sitting on a fence enjoying the moon, and the pumpkin-covered bandstands carried out the harvest theme. The streamers and confetti added to the fun of the evening.
All American Band Goes To Dyche Stadium Today To Continue Its March To Greatness
... and his band will play for the Pi Beta Phi
regular mixed to be held m the Union ballroom this evening from 9 to 12. The regular price of one dollar
per couple will prevail.
... social sorority, announces the pledging of Wilma Bear of Chicago,
HI.
After a stirring pep talk by Director “Spots” Emrick, the 160piece Purdue military band completed the final rehearsal for the Purdue-Northwestem football game today. Although the weather was snappy and the sky threatening more rain the band was full of that old pep and ginger that enabled them to earn the title of All-Amer-ican band. Four Years Agro Four years ago, between the halves of the PurdUe-Northwestern night football game, the Pm'due band was nationally proclaimed the All-American band after presenting a thrilling display of illuminated formations. Today the All-American band will return to" Dyche Stadium to prove their worthiness to the title as they present one of the snappiest series of formations and band maneuvers ever presented on the Northwestern gridiron. Leave At 7 A. M. Scheduled to leave the Armory at 7 a. m., aboard five Greyhound
Cruisers, the band will stop at Smidt’s restaurant, at Roby, before proceeding to the game. Among the formations to be presented between the halves of the pigskin tussle will be waving pennants, gyrating letters, monograms and the traditionally famous big block P. Twelve Clocks Appearing for the first time at Dyche Stadium, today, will be Purdue’s enlarged section of 12 glockenspiels, which is the largest section of glocks appearing in any band in the country today. Of course, the ed and co-ed twirlers will demonstrate their skill in the art of baton manipulating before the Northwestern audience. Dine At Morrison Following the game, a banquetdinner is planned for the band in downtown Chicago at the Morrison hotel, after which the organization will be dismissed until midnight, when the band will again board the busses to return home.,r
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. November 11# 1939
"fl I 4.,
Purdue Exponent
R. B. Insle^ W. E. Smith
Editor-in-ChlcT ^sinesB Matuurer
Phones: Editorial, 4005; Bosiness, 6038; Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8. 1879, and at tte specif rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, ■ 1917, auOiorized January 20, 1922. •WeRaSENTED FOR NATIONAl. ADVERTISINO BV NatkHialAdvertisingServiceJnc. Colht* MUshtrs fttt>r»sentativ 420 Madison Ave. new York, N. Y. CRICACO - BOSTOR - Los ASSELES - SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by -undergraduates students of Pindue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint
But
Night Editor—DeHoog
Issue Editor—Smith
Now That The First Wave ... of fear over American participation in the foreign war has passed and we have bebome somewhat adjusted to the situation, we can lean back and look at the whole subject with a better perspective. We have been educated on the evils of propaganda and have learned to take every bit of news that comes from the press with even more than a mere “grain of salt.” Repeal of the embargo, its proponents say, puts the U. S. on a strictly neutral plane with respect to the rest of the world. However, as long as we are the factory for foreign war machines we are going to be in the world spotlight as much or more than we were with the embargo. Immediately following repeal, steps were taken to guard our munitions plants from the sabotage that is bound to come as soon as contracts are let with foreign powers. We got over the first nervous spell OK. American lives were lost and American neutrdity was endangered. We kept our heads once and we can do it again. However, as the war progresses, the problem of maintaining a united peace front will not be so easy. In all probability more Americans will be lost, either on the seas or in the war zone. American business may suffer severe losses financially as a result of the -^ar condition. Cries of “let’s step in and finish the war just like we did last time” may return. When these things do occur we, who have most to lose by American participation, must make ourselves heard. Therefore we feel that Exponent’s platform should include as Point No. 5: No Service Overseas For American Youth.—-R. E. I.
By Petrov ^ The Russians are wandering now. No longer fugitives f^om the Revolution, but saboteurs on a Senior inspection trip. We give you the latest notes in transit. !|i Hi I* Welcome to Milwaukee was in the form of irate picketers who marched up and down in front of our hotel, the Plankinton House, assuring us that the hotel was unfair to organized labor, with special unfairness to local No. 122. We quickly sympathized by giving them a loud and lusty yell—“Humpty-dumpty, hoop-te-doo. What’s th^ matter with 122!!!” , * * * . The main business of the day is looking at industry with an attitude of profound awe. Power and efficiency not withstanding, the most interesting thing we’ve seen so far is the water supply for the condensers at the Lakeside Power Plant. They have to screen the water from foreign material, and the worst culprits are little fish. They look beautiful incongruous, breathing their last on the power house floor. • • * We put in a supply of these little guys and deposited them in people’s pockets. !ji * Hi Our technical education got a big boost when we went into the B & G restaurant near the hotel. We unsuspectingly pulled open one of the two swinging doors, and the other door, instead of staying in its place, swung neatly away from us. It unnerved the whole party. It’s done by a bunch of levers and powered by the door-opener’s labor. Hi Hi Hi . We eat there regularly now just to watch those dammed doors. , Hi * HI It’s pretty' ironical too, because coffee there is 10 cents, and you can get beer any place for a nickel. But that’s Milwaukee for you. Hi * # Notes on Inspection Trips should include a little on -• the night life. One night this week was designated as Purdue Night at the Club Terris. This is a singular place in that it features wrestling matches between tables. The matches are held in a fight ring encircled by the bar. This ring is publicized as “The World’s Largest Bar.” Hi H< H* But, say we, the world’s shortest beer.
By Hank Miller Who said that radio programs don’t have an influence? While Ted Hennis, Purdue quarterback, was in a dazed condition after being hit in the Purdue-Iowa tilt, he repeated time after time the phrase, “Mr. Wefawee, I ain’t the one to compwain, but we was wobbed.” Ted blames this on having heard the man on the NBC Grouch Club program say, “Gweetings Gwouch-
News from Cincinnati says that the dramatic program “Fortunes Washed Away” will change time today taking the air at 12 o’clock noon. The program dramatizes true life experiences in soil conservation and is written by Art Radkey who graduated from Purdue two years ago. While in the University, Radkey was very active in literary and dramatic circles having directed Radio Stage each Saturday at 1:30. —e-e— Rudy 'Vallee, who left, the air back in September, will make his first appearance since then, except one Bandwagon spot, tomoi’row night when he will take over Don Ameche’s job as master-of-cere-monies of the Chase and Sanborn hour. Rudy has the job for four weeks while Don vacations. The saga of a Christmas card and two desert rats will be dramatized by the Old,Ranger tonight at 8:30 . . . The Aldrich family, which has become very popular on the air, , is now getting a crack at the films and the show has moved to Hollywood . . . NBC’s Great Plays will present Romeo and Juliet Sunday at 1 p. m. . . . The Green Hornet, which has been transcribed over Mutual for some time, is now going on NBC, starting next Thursday at 7 p. m. The show is a modern mysterythriller . . . Alec Templeton has signed his last week’s guest as a regular, Pat O’Malley, witty British singer and monologuist, who has sung such popular songs as “Little Albert and the Lion” and many others, will hake -his first regular appearance Monday night at 8:30. e-.e— Tuesday night will bring a large
group of personalities to the mike. Information Please will welcome back all of its guest experts of the past year as well as Postmaster Jim Parley who will head the guest list for the evening. Others on the program will be Franklin P. Adams, John Kieran, Oscar Levanc and emcee Clifton Padiman. —e-e— Tomorrow night at 8:30 over WENR, Irene Rich, who was on the campus a few days ago to witness the unveiling of the has reliefs on the Union, will present he comedy, “A Lion Counts Ten.” The drama centers around the late-in-life romance of two house servants and its effect on their respective employers. The actress told us when she was here that in the near future her show would change time and be lengthened from 16 minutes to a half hour. The only thing that was holding up was a squabble over the hiring of talent and the demands being made by the radio artists’ union. Incidentally, Mrs. Rich also told us that although she was only on the campus a few hours, she could almost feel the school spirit and
ARC
LAST DAY
Baffling Crimelasst Romance! Thrills!
UMHQIT MtORUefimLEB, JMEtUlAW ' Jict.tnriirg« ' tm lAon EMt
AND-
'BLUE MONTANA SKIES' — WITH — GENE AUTRY
-ALSO-
loMtwys®
SUNDAY - MONDAY "HARDY'S RIDE HIGH" "SORORITY HOUSE" POPEYE, CARTOON
STARTS SUNDAY^
LESLIE HOWARD in INTERMEZZO A Love Story INTtobuCINM INGRID BERGMAN
— LAST DAY — JOEL McCREA ANDREA LEEDS — IN — They Shall Have Music'
GRIN AND IT
By Llchty
that it gave her a thrill to see the thousands of students and the many wonderful buildings. —e-e— Paul Sullivan, CBS news analyst heard nightly Sunday through Friday over WBBM, Chicago, has changed time. He is now heard at 10 p. m. on the same evenings, —e-e—■ This afternoon at 1:50, WBAA will take to the air with a play-by-play description of the PurdueNorthwestern game direct from Evanston. Joe Mihal and Mai Ross will be at the mike. —e-e— 73 and good listening.
Ye editor and his cohort the mad Russian failed us tonight so we’re pinch-hitting for ourselves again. All complaints mhy be settled by calling Irving 4073. If you get an answer we’ll be more surprised thanyou. —B&B— BOB HEWITT has his pin back now, but since we don’t even know who had it, we will neglect to print the glad tidings. —B&BClassified Ad: FOR SALE—One slightly used stadium and student cheering section (good as new)-. Must sell. Will sacrifice for cash. Would make excellent factory site. Also suitable for grazing cattle. —B&B— Sacrilege: I have ah engineering’ professor I shaU not pass He maketh me To show my ignorance Before the whole class He giveth me More than I can learn He lowereth my grades Yea, though I walk Through the valley of knowledge I do not learn He anointeth my head with problems My eyes runneth over Surely sines and cosines Shall follow me all the days of my life And I shall dwell In the engineering lab forever. —Swiped —B&B— Phew ! ! —B & B— Believe it or not, Thad Lantz (THE LAMBDA CHI LANTZ) received from his girl (name unknown) in Anderson one (1) pin, two (2) rings, and one (1) key to the fraternity bouse. Funny things pop up in the mails these days. It all came as a surprise to the brothers who didn’t even know he had a pin out. However, MR. LANTZ now has two (2) pins, two (2) rings, and an extra key to the front door. —B&B— Quotable Quotes: Thirty days has September, April, June and November; all the rest have 31. Is that fair?
STARTS MIDNlfE TONITE 11:30 ^ “WERE PUTTING YOU ON TRIAL ...
—TODAY— DOUBLE FEATURE $1,000,000 Worth of Laughs! "SWEEPSTAKES WINNER" — WITH — Marie Wilson — Johnnie Davis — PLUS — "DEVIL'S ISLAND" __W1TH — BORIS KORLOFF
“You should have given the Truffles the tickets for this game—you know we owe them plenty of favors!”
Rub-a-dub-dub three men in a tub. Is that sanitary? —B&B— Famous last line: I’ll bet the Alpha Chi’s blame this column on the Bootnose again. —B&B— Afterthought: We wonder how many of the boys who went up to Chicago last night were trying to forget that they weren’t popular enough to get asked to the WAA brawl back home? Dr.H.O.Deay . . . member of the University entomology staff, addressed the W. S. Blatchley nature study club at Noblesville. last night on “Some Phases of Entomology.” His colleague, Dr. B. E. Montgomery, will speak on entomology at Lawrenceburg today and will deliver , the Armistice Day address before the Dearborn County Teachers’ Institute.
Forty Staff Members Attend IAS Meeting University faculty and staff members are playing important roles at the annual meeting of the Indiana Academy of Science, which is being held November 9rll at the Indiana State Teachers’ College in Terre Haute. About 40 members of the staff are present, including R. B. Abbott, who ^ presiding over the Tphysics section; T. M. Bushnell, the geology and geography section; and A. A. Swope, the psychology section.
MAMS —ONE DAV ONLYMAXI NEE AND NIGHT SAT., NOV. 18
A GEORGE ABBOTT HIT i
starelBW S njACKIE COOCAN with FRANK McOLYNN JOSEPHINE DUNN • CVRiUA DORMS • A Stag* Play • DIRECT FROM BROAOWAV ALL SEATS RESERVED BOX OFFICE OPEN DAILY 11:00 A. M. to 9:00 P. M.
ADM.
Mat. 55-83-1.10-1.65-2.00 Eve. 83-1.10-1.65-2.00-2.50 —^Tax Included—
SEASON RESERVATIONS FOR THE FOUR STAGE PLAYS MAY STILL BE PURCHASED AT A GREAT SAVINGS.
LUMA SUNDAY - MONDAY
SPENCER TRACY NANCY KaiY-RICHARD GREENE WUin MBHUUI • Oui^COlURH •atCBNNt' HMDWKKf • HMIY HUU • HINRY TUVOU PLUS—^Znd Feature
-LAST TIMES TODAYWILLIAM BOYD IN "Law of the Pampas" — ALSO — JACK HOLT IN "HIDDEN POWER"
— 5 DAYS — Starts TODAY
■4ipii 7®s5n
Saturday/November IL 1939
£xponmL Spo^dA. fiaqsL
. " / J 7 '$‘W,
Hahnenstein, Redhead Danger Of Purple
Pictured above is “Red” Hahnenstein, the comeback boy for the Northwestern team. Ollie, as Hahnenstein was marked on the entrance list at the Purple institution, was forced to watch Bill DeCorrevont, the prep sensation of the nation two seasons ago, receive enough publicity to push Red Grange into the background. DeCorrevont was given the breaks that would naturally go his way, and Hahnenstein almost faded into oblivion, but in the clashes with Minnesota and Wisconsin, the redhead distinguished himself with his ball carrying and blocking.
SWING— to the music of your favorite Dance Band
IF IT’S RECORDED ON VICTOR BLUEBIRD COLUMBIA BRUNSWICK VOCALION OR DECCA WE HAVE IT!
FOUR SOUND PROOF BOOTHS
THE FOSTER SHOP
EAST SIDE SQUARE
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHBl A RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th 6r M«ln Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Florists
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowera Mein at 7th Phene 6050
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
The Scorecard Scorecard’s predictions for today’s games: Purdue 7, Northwestern 0 Cornell 13, Colgate 7 Harvard 6, Army 7 Holy Cross 13, Temple 7 Navy 6, Columbia 14 Pittsburgh ,13, Carnegie Tech 12 Chicago 0, Ohio State 72 Michigan 7, Minnesota 0 Illinois 7, Wisconsin 0 Iowa 7, Notre Dame 14 Georgia Tech 6, Kentucky 14 Louisiana 6, Mississippi State 13, Tulane.20, Alabama 14 California. 7, Washington 6 Oregon 7, Oregon State 14 Pordham 21, Indiana 7 New York 7, Missouri 13 No. Carolina St. 0, Duquesne 20 Stant Clara 14, Michigan State 0 So. California 27, Stanford 0 l-M Schedules PRACTICE BASKETBALL GAMES Monday Court 1—Kurtz. 7 :00—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 7. 7 :16—Cary Hall 8 v?. Cary Hall 2. 8:25—Cary Hall 13 vs. Cary Hall 15. 8 :40—Cary Hall 14 vs. Ward 11. Court 2—Brinduse. 7:00—Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 9. 7:16—Cary Hall 10 vs. Cary Hall 4. 8:25—Ward 7 vs. Ward 25. 8:40—Ward 6 vs. Ward 27. Court 3—Aronson. 7:00—Cary Hall 11 vs. Cary Hall 5. 7 :16—Cary Hall 12 vs. Cary Hall 6. 8:25—Ward 26 vs. Ward 14. 8:40—Ward 22 vs. Ward 13.
TOUCHBALL Monday Field Official 4—Theta Chi vs. Alpha Xau Omega. McGratih 6—Kappa Sigma vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Papurca 6— Sigma Pi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Juillard 7— Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 7. Close 8— Ward 11 vs. Ward 24. Luce 9— Ward 14 vs. Ward 5. . Mann
Athletic Honorary To Hold Trial Sessions In Fieldhouse Gym Under the direction of M. A. Keller and Bud Evers, Sigma Delta Psi, athletic honorary, tryouts will be held every Tuesday and Thursday afternoons at 4 o’clock in the Fieldhouse. To be eligible for membership in the athletic honorary, the student must pass 15 athletic events within a limited time, such as doing the hundred yard" dash in 11 3-5 seconds, and performing the high jump at the height of five feet. A candidate shall be permitted to attempt only three tests on a single day. ' Director Keller has announced that all aspirants should report to the intramural office not later than '•4:15 p. m. on the afternoons that they wish to be examined in the tests. Junior Bear^ Meet Meridian A. C/s Today Ken Paxton’s Meridian Athletic Club football team made up of West Lafayette public school children between the ages of 7 and 15 years, will meet the Chicago Bear Jimiors at Ross-Ade Stadium at 1:30 this afternoon in a battle for the mythical junior gridiron championship of America. The Bear Juniors have never been beaten or tied since they played this same Meridian team at Wrigley Field, Chicago, before a crowd of 30,000. Both the Meridian and Junior Bear teams are undefeated this year. Gate admission is 25 cents.
Basketball Squad To Move Into New Practice Court By Bob Swaim Faced with the setback of having to re-adjust their basket eyes when the new floor is laid in the Fieldhouse, the members of the varsity basketball squad have less than a month of conditioning before tangling with Western State Teachers on December 7.
EYES OVER THE CAMPUS
Camera "ayta” are blinking on the nation's campuses to record every activity and event of interest and importance to you. lech blink means another graphic picture of college life— and the best of these thousands of photos are brought to you In our Collegiate Digest picture section. Aceurately end graphically explained with write-ups that tell the complete story behind each picture. Collegiate Digest's photos give you a true record of campus life today. Follow this college picture parade regularly in The Purdue Exponent
fend yevr olcturai of life and aetivitias on o S pus'tei CoiSaalate Digast Saetlon, 323 rawk MInnaspolls, Minn. All photos usad i for at ragular adllorial ratal.
N. U. Sports Editor Discusses Today's Game Possibilities By Dick Etkin Sports Editor, Daily Northwestern Evanston, III.,.Nov. 10.—Knowing that it can still share in the Big Ten title this year, a determined Northwestern football team will play host to an-always-tough-to-beat Purdue eleven in Dyche Stadium tomorrow. Coach Lynn Waldorf and his gridders, in high spirits after a convincing win over Minnesota, are agreed that Mai Elward’s men will offer the Wildcats their stiffest test to date. The fact that the Boilermakers had to play peak ball in their first two games against Notre Dame and Minnesota makes it only natural that they have suffered a relapse. And Waldorf knows that the abundant Purdue power cannot stay in check much longer. He only hopes that his Wildcats will diffuse the dangerous Boilermaker offense, headed by the “Three Bees” and Johnny Galvin. N. U. Sleepless Brock, Brown, Byelene, and Galvin are causing plenty of sleepless nights in the Northwestern camp. But the fact that Waldorf has Red Hahnenstein, Paul Soper, and Bill DeCorrevont equalizes the situation. There will te plenty of fancy running on the Dyche sod tomorrow, and fans will view their share of fine play. Waldorf is using each of his dangerous left halfbacks, always keeping a fresh back in the number one running spot. And DeCorrevont’s brilliant 61-yard touchdown run against the Gpphers last week is the signal that the former Chicago prep star has found himself in Big Ten hall. The Boilermakers, who have consistently been the biggest jinx team on the Purple schedule, are in a fine spot to dump the Waldorfmen and rearrange the* complexion of the Big Ten standings. Northwestern has never looked good after a Minnesota game, and it is expected that this year will be no exception. But the Wildcat offense is finally clicking, and faithful fans are backing the Purple to break precedent and nip the Purdue aggregation. Poor ’Lil David “Overdue Purdue” is the password at practice sessions this week, and Waldorf is taking no chances on his men getting over-confident before the battle. The pass defense, improving weekly, is expected to be at its top form to hold down Dave Rankin, speedy Boilermaker end. Northwestern scouts have reported of Rankin’s prowess and Waldorf is going to cope pass with pass.
Floor Going Down All of the varsity basketball games will be staged, as before, in the north end of the Fieldhouse. Arrangements are tentatively being made for the installation of the temporary hardwood floor within the next week. Although the varsity squad at present numbers almost three dozen. Coach Lambert will reduce it to about 16 or 17 men; the remaining players will probably compose the reserve squad. In shooting practice the Boilermakers seem to be connecting with favorable consistency. Bob Igney, Red Swartz, Jim Bosse and Waldo Witsman, juniors, are beginning to serve notice of dependability from long range. Jake Weber and Captain Beretta are showing up well on shots near the basket. Although engaged with football practice at present, Eli Yeager and Frosty S^rowl will be available for the hardwood sport at the conclusion of the grid season. Don Blanken, promising sophomore who has lately been affected by an unsatisfied appendix, is continuing practice with the varsitygroup. A doctor’s examination revealed that the miniature intestine may not trouble him during the basketball season. Cut Frosh Squad Remaining from the 100 candidates who answered the frosh basketball notice, 23 ambitious rhinies now occupy the roster. Throughout the season, the frosh will practice in the second floor gymnasium of the Fieldhouse, along with the varsity reserves/ Freshman candidates who are on the Lambert-picked list are as follows : Centers — Johnson, Crump, Krampe, Wickburg, Petrick, and Wolford; guards — Brower, Blackbum, Duncan, Pyle, Rasrmond, and Stover; forwards—Barkley, Briggs, Carroll, Dickman, Fields, Hoffman, Keefer, Riley, Seaborg, Sparks, and Sumner.
The Northwestern ends — Bob Daly and Ted Grefe — played the best games of their careers against Minnesota, and if Purdue plays a passing game, Waldorf will issue orders to keep shooting them to his senior ends. The Wildcats will be in good physical condition for the game, and a knowledge that they have a chance for the Big Ten title will be their main inspiration tomorrow. We think that that will be enough to drive them on, and we’re calling a Northwestern win—but only by a shade.
USE EXPONENT CLASSIFIED ADS
Relax— Enjoy Yourself Put your driving cares in the hands of our prompt, courteous drivers. Don't let the weatherman get you down. Call
5023
YELLOW CAB
3071h n
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, November 11, 1939
JomoJUtow^ S/L Jhst CfuVtcfuiA, Episcopal Students Meeting at St. John’s Church. Holy Communion, 8 a. m. Morning service, 10:45 a. m. Mrs. Harper Sibley will make the address. Meeting in the Union building. Supper in cafeteria at 5:45 p. m. Meeting in room C at 6:30 p. m. Mis. Harper Sibley speaker. Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church Roger Williams Club class, 9:30 a m Mrs. Harper Sibley of Rochester, N. Y., will speak. She is a member of the Religious Emphasis Week team. 10:35 a. m.—Dr. Albert W. Palmer, president of Chicago Theological Seminary, will give the sermon. 5:30 p. m.—Home hour and 10cent lunch. Miss Frances P. Greenough. national secretary of Baptist Board of Education, will be our guest and will speak to the club at 6:30 p. m. 7:30 p. m.—Religious Emphasis Week formal opening at Eliza Fowler Hall with Dr. Albert W. Palmer speaking on the subjest, “The Religion of an Educated Man.” Methodist Students 8 a. m.—Semi-annual co-ed breakfast. Speaker, Mrs. Grace Sloan Overton. All Wesley Foundation girls are invited at the Foundation, 10 cents. 9:30 a.'m.—Sunday-school. Dr. Hiel Bollinger will speak to the adult department at the opening service. Men’s Student Class—Dr. Stanley Rooks, professor of philosophy at Lincoln University, will speak. 10:40 a. m.—Dr. Jesse Bader, director of the University Christian Mission, will preach. 5 p. m.—Fellowship supper at the Foundation, 15 cents. 6:30 p.m.—EpworthLeague. Miss Muriel Lester of London, England, will speak in the church auditorium. Will close promptly at 7:15 p. m. Union Sophomores Called To Meeting Call for a mass meeting of sophomores working on the Student Union, and those who intend to go out for Union was issued by Virginia Royce, Union executive. Sophomores will assemble in the reception room of the Union at 4 o’clock next Tuesday, November 14. This mass meeting will be very important to all sophomores interested in the Union as an activity, according to Union officials.
What Is College? To one great phrase-maker, college is the apprenticeship of life. To us, college means all this, and more, too. It means study and research, athletics and activities, community living and bullsessions, parties and performances, 9lasses and examinations, grades and graduation. Add to these the thousand and one events of a college career, and you get the true answer to “What IS Qillege’” And to get a true picture of all phases of college life, readers of this paper get accurate local news in our own columns and “national college news in picture and paragraph" in our Collegiate Digest picture section Follow Collegiafte Digest's picture parade and complete local news regularly in this newspaper
Send your pjctures of activities on our campus to Collegiate Digest Section Minneapolis Minn
dUm, and, dish. By Georgann Schilling
It’s terrible this business of being a lone survivor on campus while everyone else troops off to the gay business of a Chicago week-end. Here we are alone, all alone. The Lone Ranger has nothing on us. We’re sure there aren’t more than 3,000 students left running around. Well, hi ho Silver, anyway. H & H While using our leisure in an intellectual way (reading exchange papers), we found this fashion note in the Kentucky Kernel . . . “For women only . . . Hallowe’en night we saw a small child who had tired of wearing his mask, and so had pushed it back on the top of his head ... it made a wonderful hat!” Will dress and millinery designers stop at nothing? -- H & H Then there is the cagey ed in our poetry class who confesses that his progress in the course is going from “bad to verse” ... oh! H & H Last night’s co-ed bid dance was not too, too crowded; but turned into a very cozy affair. Because of the number of students out of town, the committee did not manage to sell as many tickets as last year, but the dance was very gay and informal. WAA members are to be congratulated on their first Harvest Hop. H & H The returning seniors will probably bring back some new wardrobe items from their inspection trip. After a quick look at the latest men’s fashions, we’ve decided it’s the “trimmin’s” in hats this year.' The wide brims and low rakish crowns remain practically the same in most headgear, but interesting strides have been made m textures and bands. Sleek velvet felts and novel sponge felts are among the more commanding examples, although suede and chamois are also being used. Woolen bands m varying colors and designs are adding zip and snap to the newer hats Leather and cord bands, too, are in demand. Now that old man winter is sending his chilling breezes, you may find a sat of some type or description of use in these here parts.
^uJdsJiiu QhoixjL By Robert J. Deckard FC’s favorite uncle uttered a well-put remark not long ago that meticuously fits the spirit of the contingent of Boilermaker footballers who will endeavor to open up a long-await-ed successful broadside via ozone and sod versus a highlytouted Northwestern Wildcat eleven this afternoon in Evanston, 111. —^fc “If you’re ever hit by a buzz saw,” he cracked, “how in the hell can you tell which tooth cut you?” Well, that just the way the Riveters felt when they left here yesterday, and reports from Purdue’s camp in Illinois last night revealed that they still maintain that same attitude towards Northwestern, and the remamder'*of the teams of their schedule. —fc— The entire squad is prepared to work as a unit, slamming away at the Wildcat forward wall and secondary with such viciousness and unity as only a buzz saw could do. And FC believes that when that torrid Boilermaker-Wildcat affair is over today that Coach Lynn Waldorf’s gridironment won’t know which tooth cut ’em because every Boilermaker is primed for the Wildcats. —fc— The whole team is in an angry mood. It isn’t pessimistic or optimistic over the outcome of the game. Injuries and bad breaks have taken their toll, but FC is convinced that this isn’t just an ordinary bunch of football players lining up against he Wildcats this afternoon. It’s a fighting, mad, potent outfit! —fc— Rolfe Jenkins, sports editor, left here this morning in a pretty good mood. He’s covering the game for the Expo. “If the team plays tomorrow as it did against Notre Dame, Minnesota, and Michigan State, Purdue
will win seven to nothing,” he told FC yesterday afternoon. “But if the team plays around like it has done in the last two games,” he continued, “then Northwestern will win by a couple of touchdowns.” —^fc— FC is inclined to agree with “Red” on the first point. And it believes that the Boilermakers are going to show the Wildcats something at which they can marvel. The forecast: Purdue 13, Northwestern 7.
Notices
No notice* will be accepted after 8 p. v.
All Sophomores: Interested In working on Union are invited to a mass meeting which will be held in the Reception room of the Union at 4 p. m., Tuesday, November 14. Sophomores already out for Union are asked to attend as important information will be presented. —ROYCE.
Outing Club; Roller skating party at Maple Point on Wednesday, November IB, at 7:30. Skating until 10:30 ; anyone wishing to go must get tickets for skates before leaving for the rink. Call following for tickets and transportation: Marge Ward, 41111; Marcile Long, 2823; Fred Cordua, 86293; George Shawkms, 65714. All /Students are invited. —SHAWKINS.
POMM and Scabbard and Blade: Members who are taking part in the Armistice Day celebration will report at 10:30 Saturday morning at the east desk in the Union in formal uniform. Juniois may wear basic
Mixed Recreation: Sponsored every Friday at 7:80 p. m. by Sportswomen in Women’s Gymnasium. Wear tennis shoes for volleyball, badminton, shuSleboard, and ping pong. Bring dates for swimming— boys 10 cents. Everybody welcome. (ll-16)s —MATHER. Kappa Delta Pi: Because of Religious Emphasis Week, the regular meeting will be postponed until Tuesday evening, November 21. —^NEAL.
(11-11)
-HEBBELER.
Cyclists: If you are interested in forming a bicycle club meet Tuesday, November 14, at 7:80 p. m. in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering building. ^ —^WEED.
Classified Ads FOR SALE TYPEWRITERS—All make*, standard and portable, sold, purohasei rented MCd repaired. New portable maohlne* a* law M $29.78. Supplies. O. F. Ebrnrshoff, dM Mala Stxwst. LOST AND FOUND LOST—Blue kid gloves, .white stitching Between Pi Beta Phi house and Education building Phone 6041.
Silver Mask: Important meeting Tuesday, November 14, in the Union at 7:16 p. m. All members are urged to be present. —WELDY.
CE 22 Conditions: The examinations to remove C grade in CE 22 (Elementary Structures) will be given in room 801 of CE building from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, November 18. Please consult me at once. —SONESON
Alpha Zeta: Banquet changed to November 29. Pledge test and initiation as scheduled. Actives be present at 7 p. m. Tuesday, November 14, at Ag Hall, room 208. Pledges shall appear promptly at 7:80 p. m., Tuesday. —HITCHCOCK.
Exponent Juniors: Please see either Willsey or me about the party. (11-16) —HEIPLE.
ME 61 & 62: An examination for removal of conditions will be given in each of these courses on Saturday, December 2, at 1 p. m. in room 801 ME building. Those intending to take either of these examinations notify me before November 26. —^BOLZ
Exponent Staff: There will be a special Military Ball edition Friday night. All copy should be in by Wednesday, November 16 See the list in the office. —WILLSEY.
LOST—Log log duplex slide rule with R C McNeil ingraved on. Call 3301. Inward
LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin at pep session Friday; between Union and Stewart Field. Call Thomson, 3301. Reward. LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin on Saturday night. Call 3301, Bausman. Reward
WAA: Badminton doubles tournament starts next week. Sign up on bulletin board in gym. Instructions Monday and Friday at 4 p. m. (11-11) —SCHRODER. Pi Tau Sigma Pledges: Pay initiation fees ($20.00) to H. G. Kolb, 103 Universily street, before Sunday, November 12, at 9 pm. —^KOLB
Military Ball Committee: There will be a meeting Tuesday, November 14, at 4 p. m. in the Armory. —BUTTERFIELD.
Sophomore Union Workers: Our staffs meet in the Puttering room of the Union Monday, November 13, at 4 p. m. —HOFFER, CROW.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Convocations this week make it inadvisable to meet. Next meeting may be Tuesday, November 14, instead of the Thursday following. —ARCHIBALD.
Christian Science Organization: A regular meeting will be held Tuesday, November 14, in the Reception room of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
Camera Club Members; Photo mount boards are now available at the West desk of the Union for use in the coming exhibit. (11-16) —HOFFER.
THE DATED LAUNDERED SHIRT GUARANTEE Marks a New Era in Modern Laundering Always in step with progress—anxious to better serve you, we give you the “Dated Laundered Shirt” guarantee. Send us your shirts when new. We date them and guarantee a full year’s wear if laundered by us exclusively. If a shirt wears out within the year we replace it. The Thrifty Way to Get a “New’’ Wardrobe is to Have Your Suits “Re-NEW-ed” by Dry Cleaning n yjEsm i^l N E C L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Miss PHIL OFFER was this year's pick of them all for "Colton Queen” because she hostile rightcombinalion of charm and love liness typical of the modern American girl. For real smoking pleasure the pick of their all is Chesterfield because its right combi nation of the world's best tobaccos gives smokers Real Mildness and Better Taste
THE PICK OF THEM ALL FOR
vm.
IS Chesterfield because of its right combination of the best American and Turkish tobaccos Real mildness is more important in a cigarette today than ever before because people smoke more now than ever before. That’s why so many smokers have changed to Chesterfield... they are finding out that for Real Mildness and Better Taste the pick of them all is Chesterfield.
hlMullJind that Chesterfields are cooler, better^asting, and definitely milder ... you cant buy a better cigarette.
I -
MAKE YOUR NEXT PACK
X'
<A 1*1
1
The Purdue Exponent
Copyright 1939, Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co.
THEY REALLY SATISFY