. (,>■’■ ' J ’ A
'''\ "€Wd
SThe Puriue Ifxp0neiTt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUBIE XLVm
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1937
NUMBER 9&
Saint Louis SympHony To Play Here Monday
Golschmann Will Direct 87 Musicians In Convocation Concert At Jefferson Gymnasium
Vladimir Golschmann, one of the youngest concert orchestra leaders in the country, will conduct the second oldest symphonic organiza* tion in the United States, the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra, in a concert beginning at 8 o’clock Monday evening in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium. The program Monday night is the first to be presented in the present tour, which is the second of the season, and is the fifth University convocation for the year. The musical organization is made up of 87 players, all of whom have been schooled in the Golschmann technique. Tickets are available to the general public at the price of one dollar each with a special rate of 26 cents for high school students. Students will be admitted upon presentation of their convocation tickets.
Bryant Will
In Union
Play
To Broadcast From Cafeteria At Noon
Bud Bryant and his band, featuring Miss Jo Friend, the ‘‘Vestpocket Venus of Song,” will start a series of luncheon-dance programs today at noon in the Union- cafeteria. Between 12:15 and 12:30 part of the program will be broadcast over WBAA. Bud Bryant will do his own announcing.
February 13, 1937 TO the surprise of the officials at the University of West Virginia interested in the enactment of a law banning hitch-hiking, student opinion was found to be divided equally on the subject. Such a bill, which is now before the state legislature, would find some of its heartiest supporters in the student body . . . “It’s a good law, if they can enforce it,” they say. —30— WHO started all this business of planting pins, anyway? asks the University of Washington Daily. It might havfe been Santa Claus or the Gold Diggers of 1850 (they're frequently cheaper than diamonds) As far back as 1860 they say, the custom existed, but the boys got something out of it then besides a more or less dubious “glory.” In exchange for his jeweled bauble, the lady presented him a lover’s knot made from ribbons of her sorority colors which he wore under his coat lapel . . . —30— ODORLESS cabbage, discovered at Cornell a few months ago, will no doubt go on the market in about two years. That much time will be required to produce enough seed to make it commercially possible to grow the new type of cabbage, according to Prof. C. H. Myers, who spent six years in finding a method to remove the odor from the vegetable . . . more than 1,000 of these odorless cabbages have been grown, and they’re all carefully guarded to protect them from their smelly Relatives . . . ' -„30— TWO can live as cheaply as one, but the one objection ... they can’t live but half as long! —30— WHERE does fog go when it disappears? A Texas physics professor answers this questi^in a maze of technical words. Thia doesn’t upset the popular explanation that the fog never disa;ppears . at least for some people... Next we this columnist will attempt to solve, ‘‘Why Is A Mouse?”
Anson Weeks Will Play For Mixer Tonight Anson Weeks and his band will play for the mixer in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building tonight from 9 till 12 o’clock. The regular mixer price of one dollar will prevail.
WAA Plans For State Play Day
Plans for the Annual State Play Day to be held March 16 were discussed at W. A. A. Council meeting Thursday night. Held at a different college each year, the Play Day is to be held at Purdue this spring with Louanna Thompson as chairman, and Jeannette Scudder and Autumn Thatcher as members of the committee in charge. Approximately 17 colleges will be invited to participate. After registration, of which Mildred Fitch is in charge, and which will be held from 9:16 to 10:00 o’clock, volley ball and other games will be played between the different schools until noon. A luncheon, planned by Mary Humphreys and Dora Mae Patterson, will be held in the Memorial Union Building. In the afternoon, an exhibition game of non-rotation volleyball will be played. Margarlet Jones is in charge of a tea, the last event of the day. The hostess chairman for the day will be Virginia Kelly.
Paper Manufacture Film To Be Shown
“The Manufacture of Paper,” the second film in this year’s series to be presented by the practical mechanics department, will be shown Tuesday and Wednesday, at 4 p. m. in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops. This film will be presented through the comtesy and cooperation of the Kalamazoo Vegetable Parchment Co., Kalamazoo, Mich. This film will be presented through the courtesy and cooperation of the Kalamazoo Vegetable Parchment Co., Kalamazoo, Michigan.
Lambda Chi Alpha Holds State Formal Dance
The Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity state formal dance will be held tonight at the Indiana Athletic Club in Indianapolis. Ted Nering’s band will furnish the music.
Theta Chi Valentine Hop
Theta Chi social fraternity will give a closed formal Valentine dance tonight at Allen’s ballroom. Pat Clinton and his orchestra will furnish music. The dance hours are from 9 to 12.
Petitions For WSGA Officers Are Now Due
Girls who wish to be considered by the nominating committee of W. S. G. A. for the offices of president, secretary, treasurer, or junior or sophomore representative should turn in petitions to the W. S. G. A. office at once. The nominating committee will select girls from the group who submit petitions to be voted upon at the election held the last of March. All freshmen women dfesiring to be members of the W. S. G. A. executive board must secure the signatures of 25 freshmen co-eds on their petition. These petitions must be turned in at the W. S. G. A. office or to Dorothy Kuehn, chairman of elections and posters committee, by February 21. The names of these candidates will be presented at a W. S. G. A. mass meeting at which time the freshmen women will elect their two representatives.
Dr. Hughes To Talk At Convo For Worship Senior Methodist Bishop Will Preach Here February 21
Dr. Edwin Holt Hughes, Senior Methodist Bishop of the District of Columbia, will address the February convocation for worship, Febrpary 21, according to an announcement made yesterday by Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman of the University committee on convocations. Dr. Hughes was associated for many years with Indiana’s educational institutions and organizations, and served on the State Board of Education. He was also president of DePauw University at one time. In 1908 Dr. Hughes was elected bishop of the Methodist church and since 1932 he has been Senior Bishop for the Washington, D. C., area. The bishop’s experience and record reveal him as a lecturer, preacher, author, and educator.
Set Deadline For Prom Committees
Candidates for Junior Prom or Gala Week committees must secure their petitions from the Senate office by 4 o’clock this afternoon to be eligible for any position. The deadline for raturning these petitions signed by 26 of the candidate’s classmates has been set at 6 p. m. Wednesday, February 17.
New Student Alliance Elects First Officers
Purdue Student Alliance members recently elected a staff of officers for their new organization. The Alliance was recognized by the faculty January 25, and had a membership of 31 at that time. The officers elected are as follows: chairman, R. A. Buckles; vice chairman, Frances Overstreet; sec-retary-treasurer, M. Mirkin; program chairman, D. L. Zinn; publicity chairman, William Smith.
Lambertmen, Hawkeyes Meet In Net Encounter Tonight
Lovers Everywhere Still Purdue Has But One Valentine By W. M. Anthony
’Tis said, “In the spring a young man’s fancy lightly turns to thoughts of love.” But when spring and Valentine’s Day arrive at approximately the same time, the young man’s thoughts should overflow with that gentle passion. And where can love be found at Purdue? Several places! One might ask for Mrs. Ruth E. Love at the Memorial Union desk. Or he could call 7801 and ask for J. E. Love, He might be able to reach M. E. Love at his home on Waldron street, or W. Love on Littleton. Even Cary Hall East has W. B. Love. But he should never call 5734 at this time of year. He might get Loveless! Aside from these loves, Purdue also has a Valentine, living at 214 Marstellar street; but sad to relate, we are lacking in the one gentleman so ubiquitous at this time of year. He is Dan Cupid who left these parts for the happy hunting ground. We wouldn’t be surprised to find him on the roster of some Indiana University team.
Letter Men To Organize
Noble Kizer has called a meeting of all the “P” men tomorrow at 3 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building for the purpose of forming an active organization of letter men on the campus. The meeting was arranged by C. H. “Big Robbie” Robertson and will be presided over by Coach Kizer.
YWCA Secretary To Interview Co-eds
Girls wanting personal interviews with Miss Florence Maddock, General District Y. W. C. A. Secretary, should apply soon at the office of Miss Clare Coolidge, Assistant Dean of Women. These personal interviews will be held on February 18, and they are of special interest to those girls who are planning to become teachers. Miss Maddock, who is from Burlington, Vermont, will also speak at an open meeting of Y. W. C. A. and W. S. G. A. in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building on February 17. Shs travels in different states helping to organize social service programs, and at present is making a tour of Indiana colleges.
Kappa Kappa Gamma
Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority announces the pledging of Muriel Colip, South Bend, and Margaret Mathes, Toledo, Ohio.
Loss Of Suesens, Gaddis^ Cripples Iowa; Purdue Will Attempt To Regain Winning Stride PROBABLE LINEUP PURDUE POS. IOWA Sines F Stephens Young F Johnson Anderson or Seward C Diees Malaska G VanYsseldyk Downey G Bobby REFEREE—Clamo. UMPIRE—Levis. By S. R. Griffiths, Jr. Despite an exceedingly tough schedule and few victories, the Iowa Hawks are by no means a dead team as they will no doubt prove in their battle with the Boilermakers tonight in Jefferson gymnasium. Starting at 7:30, the main intention of the Lambertmen, according to locker-room comment, will be
downhill
to stop the recent
curve of Boilermaker fortune,
lowans Top Six Feet
Aside from her high ambitions, Iowa has her worries over the vacancies left by her Captain, Ken Suesens, a guard, and Wally Gaddis, sharp-shooting forward, after injuries sustained in early games of the season and not as yet satisfactorily filled. Albert Bobby, last year letterman, is trying his luck tonight in the guard position, replacing Suesens, and Ben Stephens, is starting in place of Gaddis. It might be added that all of the low-
ans top six feet.
The Purdue quintet has been working feverishly all week to work over the very rough" spots in their play during the past few games, to make it less hit and miss and approach their reputation for fast, accurate ball. Coach Lambert has been working everyone on fundamentals—shooting, pivoting, dribbling, etc., and the simplest of plays in order to put his finger on the
mysterious trouble.
The Boilermakers are given the edge by most critics due to their record of six Big Ten games with four won as against Iowa’s seven
played and two won.
Coal Institute Names Drabelle President
John M. Drabelle, who was graduated from the Purdue University school of electrical engineering in 1910 and received the professional degree of Electrical Engineer in 1015, was recently honored by being named president of the' Iowa Coal Institute, according to word received here. Drabelle is mechanical and electrical engineer of the Iowa Electric Light and Power Co., Cedar Rapids, Iowa. '
Fechheimer Appointed To Louis AUis Staff
C. J. Fechheimer, E. E. ’04, was recently employed as consultant on the engineering staff of the Louis Allis Company, Milwaukee, Wis. After many, years as design engineer and research engineer in the electrical manufacturing industry, Fecheimer has been engaged as a consultant in private practice for the past five years.
Monday Convocation Entertainers
Diesel Short Course To See SAE Fihns Lectures, Movies Will' Start Monday Night In Michael Golden Shops
The University division of the Society of Automotive Engineers has arranged a program of lectures, and moving pictures to be held every night next week from Monday to Friday inclusive, in connection with H. M. Jacklin’s Diesel Short Course which will be given concnrrently. All the programs will be given in room 108 of the Medianical Eng^ neering Building, and are open to the public. 'The nightly programs are arranged as follows: Program Monday and Tuesday nights, a moving picture made in tiie International Harvester Company factory, will show the construction of diesel tractors. Wednesday night, a high speed moving picture showing combustion of fuel in an internal combustion engine. These pictures were taken at the rate of 2,000 per second. Thursday night, the SAE, AIEE, and ASME are cooperating in sponsoring a lecture by W. D. Bearce on the subject, “Diesel-Electric Locomotives And Streamlined ’Trains.” Friday night, H. E. Fenner, of the United American Bosch Company ,will show pictures concerning injection nozzles for diesel enginea.
T.K. Myers, ChE’35 To Receive Wings
Flying Cadet Thornton K. Myers, ’Ch. E. ’35 will receive his “wings” February 17 from the Air Corps Advanced Fl3ring School, located at Kelly Field, Texas. He has almost completed his flying course, and will receive the rating of Airplane Pilot when he graduates. He specialized in bombardment. He is now on his graduation flight an air tour designed to give practice in navigation. While at Kelly Field he held the rank of corporal in the Flying Cadet Detachment.
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
TODAY 11:00—^Broadcast, Music Room of Purdue Memorial Union. 4:00—^Informal Dance, Women’s Residence Hall. 7:30—^Basketball, Iowa vs. Purdue, Jeff Gym, Lafayette. 9:00—Mixer, Ballroom Purdue Memorial Union. 9:00—Formal Dance, Theta CM, at Allen’s Ballroom. 9:00—^Formal Dance, PM Kappa Psi House. TOMORROW 2:00—^Playshop, Tower room of Purdue Memorial UMoiiu 5:00—Meeting of “P** Men, Faculty Lounge of Purdue Memorial Union:
By aid of an electric stethoscopoi heartbeats of people before and aft'^ er exercising were hreadeaat r^mtly on the rat^o.
* ■■ ""iM • ^ ^ ’mv
a#!*®'
iiiliiteaiiMiMMMIliiiii
f,/T
HI H,|
-i:„'
i
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Two Year Diplomas Perhaps this University, along with the other le^ing educational institutions of the nation, will some day establish two year junior colleges with courses to precede and supplement two or more years of advanced and specialized training not definitely decided upon by the student until the completion of the preparatory work. These junior colleges could carry out the two-fold purpose of serving as intermediaries between high school and university instruction and of satisfying the need of those students whose intellectual ambitions demand less than four years education after high school graduation and of those whose mental capacities or whose financial backings are inadequate for completing the longer period of training. CJonsidering the fact that only two out of seven freshmen who enter American colleges graduate, the latter function of a two year junior college seems of considerable importance. Probably the majority of the students who do not finish the four year course would fulfill the requirements for graduating in a course of half that length. And surely a diploma from a two year college would better satisfy the student and the pride of his family and would give him a better recommendation for employment than the record of an incompleted four year training. Colleges operated independently of the higher universities could serve this purpose adequately, but, in order to prepare students for advanced education and training, the intermediary schools should be conducted by the universities themselves. Under this setup the universities might plan the courses of the junior colleges in such a way as to fit the more ambitious students to step directly into advanced work. Superior students in the two year school might even be permitted to take courses that would give them credit toward graduation at the universities. Under the present educational system many high school graduates enter the colleges and universities with only a vague idea of the kind of work for which they are best suited. A student may enroll in an engineering course and later learn that his interest in that particular field is not great enough to warrant his making it his life work; or perhaps he finds that his ability for mastering mathematics or some other technical subject is insufficient for continuing in that branch of engineering. Often this realization comes so late that upon transferring to another school the student finds that certain earned credits will not count toward graduation in his new course, and he must spend additional time and money in obtaining a diploma. By making vocational guidance one of their major objectives the two year colleges could eliminate most of this indecision, dissatisfaction, and waste of time and money. With two additional years for maturing and for discovering his abilities a student should be able toJtnow rather definitely into what work he wants to and should enter. Removing students with indefinite ambitions and inferior mental capacities from the campus (the junior colleges would be located separately from, although operated by, the universities) would enable persons entering advanced work to progress more rapidly.—^R. P. M. New Plan Or Old? Laboratory experiments, neatly and carefully written up and bound in the conventional University lab folders certainly present a fine appearance. There undoubtedly is a justifiable sense of pride connected with finishing such a report. But beyond its questionable aesthetic value and the sense of pride, just what good is the report after so much time has been spent writing it up? Some may argue that the useful purpose has been fulfilled after the student has taken the trouble to compile his data and enumerate his conclusions. But a complete set of experiments would be valuable to save at the
dTlie $urbue exponent
r*wid«4 ia IMS
1986 Member 1987 ASSOCIATED COLLECIATE PRESS Diatributora of . COLLEGIATE DIGEST RKPRSaCNrcO FOR NATIONAL ADVCRriaiNO RY National Advertising Service, Inc CoUtge Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago . boston - San Francisco Los ANocLEs - Portland • Seattle
Entered as second class matter at the poet office, Lafayette, Indiana. DdiYered by maU, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year: sold by sinple copy, t cents.
MAIN OFFICEl-<12 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue UniYersity
Editor-in-chief,.
EDITORIAL STAFF
ManaKinp Editor.
Aawitilate 1
....W. T. Hunt ..E. H. Morris
EdRors-. JL A. Barnette, J. B. Br^ A. H. Forster, _. MrhJoii. C. L. Sadler •opbomors Assistants W. ML Anthony, D, A. Bailey,
J. A. Chapin, J. R. Claric, L. S. Hardin, C D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance
E. H, KeUosE, K. E. O’NeU,
Editor.
WOMEN'S STAFF
Assodato Sditonl...... Adrartisiaa Manager..
..Helen Creech
—.Jeanne Janonsek, Doris McCartney.
Elizabeth Pyke
,..,..Betty Barnett
Ettsinais national AdvertisinE Mana«er.... Local Advartislna Manaser
Armlattoa Manager.,
BUSINESS STAFF
.....R. J. Hulse ..L, H. Brown ..J). C. MiUer ..J. P. Girard
■PORTS STAFF
li. D. Wood
Mitofs—W. HT wHeid. S. R. Oi%ilto,"iirF. Obenehain
end of the semester. The fact that each report is bound under separate ciover presents a severe drawback to this idea. Several departments of the University have begun to abandon the practice of demanding experiments in lab folders. A new system, involving the compilation of a whole semester's laboratory work in a spiral note-book has been introduced. The new system has many merits. The idea of keeping all work together makes it easy for the student to save the notes in a compact form. One semester’s experiments bound in lab folders occupies as much room as several books, while the small notebooks are less than half an inch thick. The item of relative cost may also be important, Lab folders are priced three for five cents, while notebooks average twenty-five cents each. However, under the old system a student had to keep himself supplied with tablets of Form A, B, C, D, E, F, G, J, K, etc. at about thirty cents a tablet. The difference in time needed to report on each laboratory exercise is very advantageous to the student. He learns just as much how ever, since most of the hours spent under the old system were take up in making fancy drawings and typewritten data sheets. Along with the usual progressive spirit of of Purdue, perhaps this new plan of experiment write-ups will be adopted. The sooner the better.— H. I. S.
Readers’ Opinions Tht Exponent welcomes comments of food teste end reesonehle length from its readers.
The Labor Problem To the Editor: Did anybody really gain from the General Motors strike which just ended? Who was really at fault, capital or labor? What are the possibilities of strikes in other iDranches of industry ? Who is really behind the scenes of a widespread strike? These and many other similar questions are probably running through the minds of people interested in industry and industrial labor is a serious problem and one demanding sound, clear, unprejudiced thought for its solution. Strikes are serious situations endangering the lives of people and causing damage to property, and industrial and labor leaders would 4>e taking a really progressive step if they could fabricate some plan by which both sides could peacefully negotiate. The labor problem is one that will undoubtedly face the students of technical training. For that reason some thought should be given the problem on our own campus. An opportunity to discuss the labor situation will be afforded the students on Tuesday evening when the Purdue Religious Council Forum will present Dr. J. A. Estey, of the economics department, who will direct the forum on this important topic. All students interested in the labor strikes and their problems should attend this, discussion. It should be very interesting and valuable to students in general and to Purdue students in particular. —K. R. B.
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER Tto Mmfm.mt mtU ml euume mfmitMsf /ar Ik. m m ikh mlmm. §mk epleemi me leLlr ikm. •/ <6« mHim.
liMiie Editor—J. A- Chapin
On Radio Programs American radio broadcasting, with its commercial accompaniments, has for many years been censured. Commercial control of the air waves, with the semingly never-ending pleas to buy this, do that, or think the other thing, has aroused a storm of criticism. The English governmentally owned broadcasting situation has been set up as an ex ample by these dissenters of perfection in radio. There are no so-called “commercials” on the programs, and thus the music is never interrupted by a smooth-voiced announcer asking you to try Higginbotham’s Elbow Grease. In most American programs, how ever, these “commercials” are boresome, although in a number of instances they are so cleverly worked in with the rest of the pro gram that they are even enjoyable. The thing that is generally forgotten is that here every type of program imaginable is available at the turn of a dial, while, under the British system, rigorous control is placed on the types of programs. This control is so rigorous that it amounts to nothing more or less than censorship, a thing we Americans would not tolerate. The solution seems to be a transition into the clever way of putting across the “commercials,” or else their practical elimination, with merely a credit line being given the sponsor. But, as things stand today, our broad casting methods are distinctly preferable to those in Great Britain.
Tomorrow is Valentine’s Day ... comic ones have been floating all around the campus . . . ORIBIN HARVEY CLINE sent great numbers of them to his personal boyfriends and also to his loves . . . ALICE PARLON received one of HARVEY’S ideas of humor . . . HARVEY is also being blamed for the valentine that EDDIE YUILL, gas station man, received yesterday . .. The Alpha Gamma Rho house was filled with comic cartoons yesterday . . . one of the brothers did dirt to the boys .. . SOME one is playing the part of an awful sucker . . . for GINNY HULSE is due to receive a “Valentine Heart” box of candy . . . this isn’t coming from HER Sig, LOU PUTZE, or her brother . . . JACK DYE: “Do you believe that kissing is unhealthy?” ESTELLA DIX; “I couldn’t say— I’ve never !” JACK: “You’ve never been kissed?” ESTELLA: “I’ve never been ill.” A VALENTINE We all know your department. Hydraulics lab. Just one after another in the back, it’s a stab. Compared to your course I think it would be swell. To go to that Ipvely warm place they call . —Senior Mechanical. An apple polish a day Keeps the d’s aw^ay . .. The apple of TOMMY GRAHAM’S eye at the present time is ELLEN MANN, the Alpha Chi prexy . . . “DEAC’S” prize salesman, TOMMY, is planning a big VALENTINE for this woman and after their goings on last night and the box of candy she is going to get for a VALENTINE, even a pin merger wouldn’t surprise me . . .
...The girls in one of the Chem I classes yesterday signed a petition stating ..that ..they ..desired ..more gentlemanly treatment . . . wnat, co-eds considering themselves as’ ladies ? ? ? ? ... for particulans see Theta pledge MILDRED ROSS . . . KAY RHYNEARSON asked dick PETH to the WRH Valentine Dance for this afternoon . .. Thursday arrived ... a long distance call came with it . . . KAY went where the caller asked . .. now PETH has
Family SUN. - MON.
1. Refom the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus ac tivity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment, by honor ary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular
elections.
5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
a coil fiickud I for •nlMfoinmanl } STUART ERWIN r JOHNNY OOWNS ^ ARUNE JUDGE I BETTY ORABLE ; PATSY KEliY JACK HAIEY } YACHTCIUBBOYS DIXIE DUNBAR ANTHONY MARTIN JUDY GARLAND —LAST DAY— Buck Jones ' in «SAND FLOW” —and— “FIND THE WITNESS”
ITHE EUHDUE EXPONEHV
Indiana Mertiien Nose Out Varsity Tank Squad Vernor Wins Three Events; Squad Has Meet With illinois Today^ DePamo Wednesday Indiana University’s strong tank team splashed its way to a narrow victory over the Purdue team in the Boilermaker pool yesterday afternoon after a closely fought contest. Before a large audience crowded onto a small balcony around the pool, the swimmers showed unexpected skill and pushed Indi-
ana mermen to their utmost.
Not until after the final race was the dual meet definitely in the bag for the boys from Blooipington. Indiana Wins First'Event ‘‘The match opened with a 300-yard medley which was won by Indiana. From here on the contest see-sa>Ved back and forth with neither team ever obtaining a large lead. Purdue won the first'two places in the very closely contested 100 yard free style swim and as a result were within a few points of overcoming Indiana’s early lead. Consequently much excitement was caused by the next race. Lucas and Church went into the pool for Indiana, and the Boilermakers were represented by Tredwell and Jacobs. From the start it was seen that the race was to be a close one.. After the first two laps Tredwell began pulling away from the others, Lucas and Jacobi were fighting it out for second place honors a few yards behind. The gun sounded for the final lap with Tredwell out in front, Lucas and Jacobi neck and peck behind. Slowly Lucas pulled away frbm his hard
The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. BISK DB. HABOLD J. BISK DB. BOBEBT G. BISK DB. LUTBBB A. BISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 6701
NOTICE TO OUR PATRONS TK« Mlowinc prices will be in effect •t ence; Tw«n^4lve'feenta ber peaaenger to dr from the Avalota. Irata price la the sanie as oar city rates. Ride a Trilow for prompt serrice. i 5023—Phones 3071 PEOPLES CENTRAL CAB CO.
Sun. •• Mon. - Toes. - Wed. DOUBLE FEATURE
Wkmtitu eutu. on tkt fiontot tkuno * Uu~ itfi to fOM 3 Mtnon ,
FRANK McHUGH JOAN BLONDELL 'GUV KIBBEE.CAROL ;HUGHES.ALLEN JENKINS Also
MIDNIGHT SHOW SATURDAY 11:30 Preview Showing
’‘Salclde Sqaad!” The film that volleys thrill punches lilce a inacbinc ran, a drama replete with coloriul adventure, love lure and {fallnnti^ of the modem rire BlKauel When the underdog, in the person of misunderstood rookie tarry, fights against Fate for a loving girl’s sak^ as hero-
fights the flames
ng
ically as ni A picture that will grip the adult i m agination and set the Kiddles yelling with ex-
citement.
IS—“Suicide Snuod" will be the only plotur* shown at the .nidnlght Show!
fighting opponent and fininished in a breeze to put Indiana well into
the lead.
Vernor was the outstanding swimmer of the meet, winning the 100, 220, and 440 yard free style swims. The squad travels to Illinois this afternoon for the first of a series of meets. Wednesday they meet DePattW, And next week-end they will journey to Chicago. The results of the Indiana meet follow: __ 300 Yard Medley Relay—Won by Indiana; time, 3:25.3. 220 Yard Free Style—^Won by Vernor, P; Lucas, I, second; Jacobson, I, third; time, 2:28.2. 60 Yard Free Style—Won by Marsh, I; Herdrich, I, seednd; Lahey, P, third; time :32.1. Diving—Won by Geigal, I; Craig, P, second; Tredwell, P, third. 100 Yard Free Style—^Won by Vernor, P; Wallace,-P, second; and Marsh, I, third; time :57. 160 Yard Back Stroke—^Won by Tredwell, P; Lucas, I, second; Jacobi, P, third; time 1:52.2. 200 Yard Breast Stroke—^Won by Fiegal, I; Carr, P, second; Van Delester, P, third; time, 2:45.2. 440 Yard Free Style—^Won by Vernor, P; Coon,. 1, second; Jacobson, I, third; time 5:31.4. 400 Yard Free Style Relay—^Won by Indiana;-time 3:51.2.
F. L. McCullock has invented a machine which automaticaly grades oranges according to their weight, differing from the present machines which-grade oranges by size. This machine is claimed to be inore satisfactory, since the weight rather than the size of an orange shows its value.
At Rapid City, S. Dak., WPA workers are now building reproductions* of dinosaurs of concrete and steel. The gigantic reproductions are to decorate “Dinosaur Park” in that city.
If
ielder^s.... ....choice
Bab Wal|mlenMiMmM4 >
l^ilermaker Basketball Biography Number 2 . . . presenting CoCaptain Glen'Melville Downey . . , one of the most conscientious, hard fighting basketball guards in the
game . . .
; ^fC
For some reason or other, Glen hasn’t picked up a nickname, which is rather imusual . . . ho\yever, he was born on September 10, 1916 (the same day as Captain George Bell) and celebrates his birthday with his dad, who was .also born on the 10th...
—^fc—
Glen lived in Kirklin for about eight years, but since then his home -has been Michigantown... he came Very close to being an Indiana student, in fact he was registered and enrolled for a week as a Hoosier ... but chose Purdue, and is now attending on a Merit Scholarship ...
—fo—
^ -
Downey is a senior in the physical education' school, majoring in social science and English ... he has been a distinguished student for thre semesters ... he would prefer to^work for a business concern than coach, but if a good coaching job should come floating down the Wabash, he would probably grab it off . . . ^ —^fc— Glen has an older brother who is now high school net coach atTlymouth, Indiana ... he would prefer to travel should all forms of recreation be available . . . enjoys movies and likes to dance pretty well .. . Carol Lombard is his pick of the movie queens . . . —fc— Besides being a very capable basketball guard, Glen is a member of the varsity baseball team, pitching in his turn on the mound . . he played four years of high school basketball, receiving three majd| letters . . . with Captain tacked oftr to his name his senior year . .ji. at
A PARAMOUNT |J|pir HAVir PICTURE WITH J/lliA U/lJvljb VELOZ and YOLANDA Herman Bing • Vivienne Osborne Frank Forest and Ernest Cnssart
MICKEY MOUSE LAST DAY JEAN ARTHUR George Brent in “More ThiL|i A Secretary”
STARTING TOMORROW
JACK DREES lowA Center
BEN STEPHENS Iowa Forward' These two men represent the long and the short of the starting Iowa lineup. Drees, in the top picture, is one of the ^tallest men in Big Ten basketball this year, and stands five inches above his team-mate, who just reaches the six foot mark. Stephens, in the lower picture, with his fiashy under-the-basket work, and Drees with his extraordinary height are expected to give the Boilermakers plenty of trouble tonight.
Purdue, Glen has won two major letters in both baseball and basketball ... —^fc— Also during lus senior year in high school, Downey was named All-County, All-Regional, and reieived honorable mention honors on Indiana squad as a center . , . —fe— Gien is an even six feet, weighs 176 poimds, has light brown hair, a ruddy complexion, and blue eyes . . . he is a member of Gimlet and Phi Sigma Kappa fraternity . . .
Saessssi.
Four Teams Still Survive In Fraternity BasketbaR
78 WUcondn Gridiron Candidates Report For Early indoor Practice Seventy-eight “early bird” Wisconsin football candidates reported Monday to Coach Harry Stuhldreher for the first indoor “spring” practice session of the 1937 season. Coach Stuhldreher directed a light warmup in the University Stock Pavilion, then concentrated on a one-hour passing drill. Although the squad which reported consisted dnly of 1936 freshmen and those dpperclassmen who were not on the varsity squad last year, the group is expected to exceed 100 men before the week is over.
Net Squad To Meet niiuois Monday Night The Purdue cagers will be making another final effort Monday night to revive their fading Big Ten hopes and try once more to enter the list of potential championship winners by taking on the Illini five in a battle at Champaign, Illinois. As this year seems to have been started by Illinois breaking the jinx which has dogged them for about 12 years by beating the Boilermakers on the Purdue floor, the jinx may be broken all of the way ’round and Purdue should blast a record of losing seven straight years to Illinois on their home floor. A crowd of avid Purdue rooters is expected to be on hand as the netmen try to even the count with the Illini and attempt to shove theha from first place in the Big* Ten rating in return for their starting the Boilermakers on their recent downward trend.
Offer Trophies Valued At $275 For Winners In Intramural Carnival The University’s biggest sports event of the year, the Intramimal Carnival, will be held February 25.' A grand total of $276 is being spent for trophies, which will be awarded to the winning relay team, the winning tug of war team, the Silver Derby champs, and the team vvhich has the greatest total of points. - Heading the list of ten events is the Perfeit Man Contest. In this event each man is judged by his physical condition. While there is ' no limit to the number of ward men allowed to enter, each fraternity can enter only one man. The other events included in the schedule are: eight divisions of boxing, eight divisions of vnrestling. Silver Derby (a novelty relay race), rope climbing, gymnastics, mile walking race, tug of war, and the mile run.
Coach Bo McMillin announced today that Indiana university’s spring football practice would start March 10, with a six-weeks’ training period on the schedule.
Donier*s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
DR A. M. miON DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Phi Kfippa Psi Heads Winners^ Braeket; Up* sets Charaeierize All Matches With the last finals in the Class' A inter-fratemity hasketball lineup looming in the foreground and a play-off possibly oeenring in the next week, there are ^ four teams which still have a say hs to the final outcome of this phase of intramural sports. Out in front and classed as the favorite to win the coveted trophy is Phi Kappa Psi which to date has won all of its games and leads the vrinner’s bracket, thus being one of the definite finalists. As all teams in the competition have to be beaten twice before they are eliminated, the Phi Psi’s are assured of two chances to try for the championship. Loser’s Ifoackrt In the loser’s bracket, the S. A. E.’s are slated to play the winner of the Sigma Pi, Phi Sigma Kappa battle. Just to show the eccentricities of fate, in the very first games of the finals, when all ei^t teams were in action, these two fraternities clashed vrith the result that Sigma Pi emerged victorious by'a four-point win over the Phi Kappa’s, and now they are billed to play again. - The Phi Kappa’s are probably fretting at the halter and determined to go to all ends to reap a sweet revenge for that def^t. The winner of the S. A. E. game vdll then meet the Phi Psi’s for the championship. The Phi Psi’s have already beaten the S. A. E.’s once.
Prawns, if placed in a tank through which an elecfric current passes, will creep to the positive pole.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatie Gas Heaters 33 Tears in ths Bumnesa DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Ph<me 4450 1622 East Main
“DEAC” HAS ETERTTHINe tvr m COLLEGE EDUCATION H. &.RE1SNER
SPARRKNDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowlcfr 4th and Ferry
B. J. BATH Watch Ibker 608 Main Street
132 Vine Sc. West Lafayette
641 Main Sti, Lafayette
You can’t look prosperous and happy iu a dirty wrinkled suit, and proper cleaning certainly adds to the life of any garment. Keep your clothes looking bright and snappy and you’ll feel that way yourself. Call 5085 today for Good Cteaning Service. American Laundry
• ■ 'it I' :’U’ 15^'
K-r
^ ,,,v V ,, V f ■<!■■}--:, p';;?-re V. y
-p,," ,
i’
jiK' s:^
I:: '■ giX ■ &i’:i #):
f'l
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TYPEWRrrERS—ADmNG MACHINES, bought, oold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Good' Printkng—^Painless prices. Fast service. NeUr as your phone. Call 6205. We deliver, ^ne's Print Shop, 401 S. 29th street.
Lost—D. C. Machinery book in Union barber shop Friday afternoon. Call 6413.
For Sale—Ford roadster. Cook, 31792.
Call
Wanted—Junior E. E. desires a pleasant roommate, large downstairs room. Call 46904.
Wanted—Two seniors desire one large double room with twin beds or two single rooms near campus. Call 3326. Ask for Art.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it weU Opposite Post Office Wallace Block S22 Ferry St.
r WDDEN 1^1 SERVICE MM
° r
RINTING
.SUDDEN
RVICE _ _
StoHeatfy.
Watfdiiit InvIUliMt
RHONE ” ***** ****“' **'■ 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 40SrtRRi
KEYS Kcri for tranks, doer ioeks, dssk loeks^ nisht Istehes and psdlseks. Ante kers and hsndls Iscks • gptcisltr. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Pk»M 28S8 l^ojattab Ind.
Room Fur Boys—Block and half from the campus. 212 Fowler.
Lost—Woman's green and black Parker fountain pen Tuesday. Call 6067—Reward.
For Sale—Good tuxedo suits at Moore’s Colonial Market.
Lost—Brown variegated fountain pen in the tower room of the Union. Call 4883.
Lost—One pair of girls brown knit gloves in Union ballroom on Thursday. Return to P. I. A. office.
NOTICES No neUcM Mcopted after • ikm.
P Men—^Meet in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building February 14 at 3 p. m. to formulate active campus organization. —KIZER.
Surveying—Area computations of first semester classes are available in room 102 of the Civil Building. They will not be held after February 20. —TODD. Basic Military—Basic course students who lost any part of their uniform equipment in the fire at 629 University street, report same to Sergreant Gain, Armory sup-
FRATERNITIES AND SORORITIES WHEN PLANNING YOUR PARTIES BE SURE AND CALL ON US. Rates Reasonable foT Hall Rental Finest Floor in Middle West. NEW ADULT BALLROOM aASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10th ADVANCED 'raURSDAY, MARCH 11th ALLEN’S • px-2150
Exclusive Vaughan's Lawn and Garden Seed JOHN SPERB
822-824 Main Street
This lUttstratloii may be a alight bit over doae, becauae “our fellow hunum beings” may not be quite ae enzT as the artist has pictured them In the above. But at least by the way the artist spells out “humap beings,” the inference is that he regards a good many drivers and pedestrians AS “eoek-eyed.” If sometimes drivers isJid pedestrians could see them•elves as others see Ahem, many Would be in for some great surprises. This would be especially so when drivers do those little things which
IVanitrs Ins. Co, Safety Servhs.
tell the wide world the kind of per-: sons they are. Oh wad some power the glftie gle us To see oursel’s as others see us! It wad frae monie a blunder free us. And foolish notion. It’s a good notion for drivers to look at themselves in the looking glass once in a while to try to figure out just how they may appear to their fellow men when they drive as though they had the only car regls-| tered and no such person as a pedestrian ever existed. ;
ply room, before Saturday noon, February 18. —WHISTLER.
P. I. A.—Board meeting Februai^ 14 at 4 p. m. —WIEN.
W. A. A. Fencing—^All girls participating in the tournament must be present in the Women’s Gym February 16, at 4:80 p. m. or they must forfeit their match. —BEKO.
Union S<H>homore Workers—The following members of our committees please meet in the Union office at 1 o’clock: T. Garland, D. Lewis. Ogle, Rieder, Heine, Shipley, McCrurey, McNaughion, Mathews, Light, Buckler. —SHEETS, STALLINGS. My committee meet in Union office at 1 p. m. February 18, —MYTINGER.
Singing Chorns—Meet in tower room at 1 o’clock and be prompt. —RIE’TH.
Glider Clnb—^Work session this afternoon. Meet at the Towcar Garage at 1 p. m. —O’NEIL.
Saturd^t£^!^L|iL^il
Modernize with CROWN denning. m m m
What a difference in your personal appearance when you use CROWN CLEANING Service Regularly ! CROWN not only cleans your garments scientifically but moth proofs them at the same time by the MONITE moth proofing process.
Tumbling—Compulsory practice February 15 at 4 p. m. —WALKER.
Independents—^Bring a small lunch and let’s hike. We leave the west door of the Union Building at 2 p. m. February 18. —SCHLUNDT.
Carnival Guidons—^Third Regiment and B2. It is essential for Corps Day rehearsal, February 16, that all 8 guidons of each battery have one joint rehearsal Monday night in the Armory, 7 to 7:46 p. m. (one merit for each man present). Request following men be present: H. R. Gingher, C. O. Black, D. F. Motz, R. D. Kinney, G. E. Glover, H. J. Fassnacht, S. M. Angus, R. L. Buell, L. W. Chew, N. J. Dougherty, D. T. Frush, H. F. Antrim, W. R. Scott, C. O. Grove, H. Hoskins, R. C. Grail, M. N. Levers, Young, Martin. —SINGER.
Ct
{mese
By OUVR SCHATZLBY
By Olive Schatzley Methodist Students: The Freshman Commission will have a breakfast at the Foundation House at eight o’clock Sunday morning. All members who intend to remain active in this group are asked to be present at this meeting. Mrs. Burtsfield will continue her review of the W.F.M.S. book “Congo Crosses” at the meeting of the Co-ed class at the Foundation House at 9:30. At the same time Mr. T. K. Noss will talk to the men’s class at the church on “Christianity In The Automobile Strike.” There will be the regular Fellowship Hour and supper at the Foundation House at 5 o’clock. Everybody is invited to enter into this hour of good time. The Epworth League program is especially interesting. A play “The Whistle Blows,” will be presented by the Wesley Players. An open forum on “Unemployment And Its Cure” will follow.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Club Notes
By Mary Cooley The Literature section of the Purdue Women’s Club will meet in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 3 o’clock. The program will be a review of popular books, “The Books Of Today,” by Mr. L. W. Josselyn.
Mrs. Edward C. Elliott will entertain the Monday Club at her home on South Seventh street February 16 at three o’clock. A musical program has been planned for this meeting.
The Arachne Club will meet at the hbme of Mrs. J. H. Bowman, 919 Salisbury street at 2:30 this afternoon.
“The Changing World” was the theme of the program at the Penelope Club meeting Thursday afternon at the home of Mrs. J. P. Wajme
on West Lutz avenue. Refreshments and a social hour followed. Mrs. James M. Stingle assisted the hostess.
Taka Art Club met Thursday afternoon at the home of Mrs. A. E. Turley on Sheetz street. “First Ladies Of The Land” was the title of the paper read by Mrs. Joseph E. Carson; a description of a visit to the Fauntloy home at New Harmony was given by Mrs. Z. M. Smith.
Household Notes--
By Sally McKee Cookies in St. Valentine’s honor may appropriately be cut in the shape of a heart if one has a cutter. For this a rolled cookie is necessary, and “Old Fashioned” sugar
cookies bountifully sprinkled with sugar are as good as any one tries.
But your guests will be equally pleased by red cookies, cookies iced red, cookies sprinkled with red sugar, cookies adorned by red maraschino cherries, or cookies ornamented by red icing from a cookie decorator.
For a tart—^with stiff pie crust, one may shape a fairly good heart aniLfill with a red filling—say cherry. Your guests will praise your originality no end.
For sandwiches your cutter may again come into play. Round slices of bread may be spread with cream cheese colored by cake coloring or strawberry jelly. Red and white cookies may be made by spreading with white cream cheese and ornamented by a decorator filled with red cheese again.
The old Roman version of "an apple a day keeps the doctor away” was that eating cabbage would help ward off sickness.
Christian Students: The Sunday school program begins at 9:30 with the students’ class meeting at 10 o’clock. Mr. Hobe Campbell will speak to the students’ class. The morning worship service will begin at 10:45 with Rev. Mullen preaching on “Marks Of Greatness: A Victorious Faith.” The Christian Endeavor is to have a joint meeting with the young people of the Second Baptist colored church. The group will meet at 6 o’clock and go in a body to the Second Baptist Church. The services there will begin at 6:30. Rev. Mullen will preach in the evening worship service.
Baptist Students: Election of the Roger Williams class officers at 9:30 a. m. Dean Fisher will teach the lesson. At 10:36 a visiting minister from Indianapolis will speak. Seniors will be in charge of the social hour beginning at 6:30 with supper at 6 p. m. Judge Lynn Parkinson will speak on “Indiana’s Penal And Correction Institutions” at the discussion hour. At 7:30 a Race Relations program will be given with negro spirituals and other music.
Presbyterian Students: “Race Re lations” will be the theme of discussion at the Sunday Evening Club tomorrow at 6:30. E. Allen Smith, junior in electrical engineering, will speak. At 9:30 Dr. Graves will continue his discussion of “Christian Cooperatives.” Dr. Graham will preach and the choir, led by A1 Stewart, will sing at the morning service at 10:46. The Sunday Evening Club meets in the Education Building, which is located at the corner of South and Seventh streets.
WBAA Issues CaU For New Announcers Auditions for WBAA announcers and woul^-be announcers will be held in the studios of that station in the Electrical Engineering Building from 2 till 6 o’clock next Monday afternoon. Anyone interested in radio announcing . may try out.
i
Make a ISote of This Jot this down as the most important item on your new 1937 calendar—^ADVERTISE in The Purdue Exponent—^advertise regularly and use the free merchandising service offered hy us through the facilities of Chicago Tribune Service. It’s the sure way to start the year with profits and keep the University trade booming for the Exponent is by far the best medium through which to contact the student body and faculty.
The EXPONENT
'V