, V
fi ^ >V ^ ^ ^ ■y^Y'*
r>
j Rrdu^ jf 4^€^^e</ tti /S8^
:ponent
Volume 52. No. 76
West Lafixyetto. IndBona
Soturdoy. December 7. 1940
Riveters Trounce Tough St. Joseph Squad, 42-35
Puma Cagers Lead
Mather Gives Speaking Rules At Debate Banquet High School Conference To Continue Today; Richberg Will Speak At 10 A. M. Pinch-hitting for F. Harold Van Orman, originally scheduled to address the eleventh annual High School Debaters’ conference banquet held last night in both ballrooms of the Union, Major Charles Mather, director of public speaking and dramatics at Culver Military Academy, in q, high pitch of humor instructed over 800 representatives and debaters from 71 Indiana high schools in the proper technique of speaking. Van Orman was unable to attend the banquet because of illness. In his address, “How to Prepare — a Speech,” Mather explained the ffr»n*lf “dont’s” of accomplished speaking. DOHSld fv. R.IChOGtQ Then, quixotically; he illustrated his point by breaking in his ensuing talk all of the dictums he had set
for the audience.
Dr. Alan H. Monroe, chairman of the University speech staff, acted as toastmaster of the banquet. He introduced Prof. P. E. Lull of the speech department, who delivered the welcoming address. Katherine Howes, member of the LaPorte High School debate team, 1939-40 state champions, responded for the delegates. L. S. Winch, director of co-ed debate, presented the high attendance award to “Pop” Laney, debate coach of North Side High, Fort Wayne, for placing first with the greatest representation at the conference—^with a total of 53 registrants. ' Conference Continues
The conference will continue through today. Following the regular legislative sessions of the stuy^ dent assembly ithis morning, Donald R. Richberg, former General Counsel for the NRA, will speak on the subject, “Shall the Power of the Federal Government be Increased,” before a general meeting at 10 o’clock in the Hall of Music. Merle J. Abbett, superintendent of the Fort Wayne schools and president of the Indiana Scholomen’s Club, will act as chairman of this meeting, Henry I. Schricker, Governorelect of Indiana, will introduce the speaker. Richberg’s address will be followed by an open forum in which the audience is invited to participate. d.t.b. Sigma Alpha Epsilon . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging pf Roy Anderson, Hempstead, Long Island, N. Y.; Robert Foss, Columbus, Ohio, and James'Cumr^gs, West Lafayette.
. . . former general counsel for the NRA, will address the debate conference this morning on the subject, “Shall the Power of the Federal Government Be Increased?”
Junior Forensic Managers
— From All Fronts' Today's Summary Of War News Chicago Daily News Foreign Service
Copyright. 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Germans Outline Role of U. S. The United States “will be forced by Germany to complete and final capitulation,” reads one plank of Germany’s platform for the future of this nation, as outlined by the Nazi Minister of Food and Agriculture. The text of this high ranking official’s frank disclosure of “the innermost plans of our government”
was made known yesterday.
Nazis Hope For Empire Germany is now attacking the problem of colonial empire — she hopes to have a large one after the war—with the same thorough preparation she has applied to her situations, radios David M. Nichol from Berlin. Just what territory will be included in the new colonies is not
definitely stated.
Battle In Neutrality Zone A furious long-range battle—^believed in Buenos Aires to have taken place near the American neutrality zone—^has been fought in the South Atlantic, the British Admiralty disclosed yesterday. The participants were a British armed merchantman and a German raider, or Q-boat. The raider disappeared over the horizon after inflicting
casualties.
Greek Capture Port Edda Official confirmation of the capture of Porto Edda—^named for Mussolini’s daughter and a principal Italian base in Albania—came yesterday from Athens. The same communique said that Argirocastro, 15 miles noitheast, is expected to
fall at any time.
AlCliE Plans Movie At Tuesday Meeting A movie “Heat and Its Control” will be shown at the open meeting of the AIChE Tuesday evening at 7:30 o’clock in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering building. The picture was produced by the JohnSfManville Co. at a cost of over $60,000 and shows several unusual aspects regarding the transfer of heat and its control. Corydon Hall, ME ’20, district sales manager of Johns-Manville, is bringing the picture to the University. He is also bringing samples of insulating material produced by his company to illustrate the movie.
.. , Jean Pechin and Ralph Hultgren, who were in charge of arrangements for the High School Debate Conference which is now meeting on the campus.
Italian General Resigns Marshal Pierto Badoglio, known to the world as Italy’s greatest soldier, has resigned as chief of the general staff. He is to be succeeded by Gen. Ugo Cavallero, a younger man, 40 days after the invasion of Greece. The official announcement was made in two terse paragraphs, with no amplification. (Continued on page 4) Ballet Performance Will Feature Dancing Of International Stars Ballet Russe ide Monte Carlo will appear before the students and faculty next Monday, December 9, at 8 p. m. in the Music Hall at the fourth regular convocation'of the current school year. A limited number of seats for the general public, priced at one dollar, will be available at the ticket office in the lobby of the Executive Building. The ballet, whose company includes over a hundred dancers, will feature the nimble feet of such stars as Leonide Massine, Mia Slavenska, Alexandra Danilova, Alicia Morkova, Igor Youskevitch, Andre Egelvsky and Marc Platoff. * Massine Leads Ballet Leonide Massine, who is responsible for much of the company’s success, holds four positions. In addition to being artistic director, he is maitre-de-ballet, choreographer and
leading dancer.
Mia Slavenska, Olympic champion, motion picture star and baiilerina, is one of the most colorful solo dancers in the Ballet company. In 1936 ut the Olympic games in Berlin, she won first prize for the Concourse of Banco, Shortly after, while studying in Paris, she was engaged for the leading role in a
French film. o.l.a.
Declared Eligible By Joe Dolan Purdue’s 1941 football squad received as big a boost as any college football eleven has ever received yesterday when the Conference faculty decided that fullback John Petty and tackle Herman (Pete) Timpermah had not seen enough action during their sophomore season here at Purdue to be denied another year in college football; so back to Purdue next season comes the great Petty and the dependable Timperman, the fastest tackle in the conference this year. Timperman, however, received the news with a rebroken hand, as physicians had to re-break and reset his heretofore broken hand which had healed wrong, the bone growing through the skin on the back of his right hand. Travis Brings Band From Cincinnati For WRH Formai Tonight Christmas formal of the Women’s Residence Halls will be held tonight from 9 to 12 o’clock in the three recreation rooms of the halls. Ted Travis and his orchestra from Cincinnati are here to play for the dance which is a closed affair. Christmas trees, wreaths, holly and blue lights will carry out the Christmas theme. A faculty reception at which the girls will be hostesses for the chaperons is planned. Presidenti and Mrs. Elliott will be among the faculty present at the dance. Jane McCouch, social chairman of all three halls, is in charge of the dance. Assisting her are Lucinda Redwine, Dorothy Comthwaite and Mary and Margaret Wirt, social chairmen of North, South and Wood Halls, respectively. Programs for the dance are red suede trimmed with silver paper.
a.c.
PIA Urges Males To Restore Ratio At Fifth Tea Dance The fifth PIA tea dance in the series of 14 will be held in the north ballroom of the Union building this afternoon from 8:80 to 5:30 o’clock. All members of PIA and co-eds will be admitted free. Price for nonmembers will be 10 cents. Music will be provided by recordings broadcast over the PA system. There seems to be a lack of male members present at the Saturday tea dances. At the last one, there were actually more girls than boys present.
13-12 At Half-time Blanken, Sprowl, Tierney Star In Season's Opening Fracas By Joe Dolan Purdue opened its 1940 “bull-pen” basketball conditioning season last night in the Fieldhouse only to find a real “bull” confronting them, and it was not until one-half of the fight had been staged did this “bull” from St. Joseph College in Rensselaer run out of snort and spirit, toppling 42-35. The visiting Puma outfit gave Purdue its first real opening scare in more than a decade, jumping to a well-earned 13-12 led at the inter-
mission.
Exponent To Sample Opinion Of Students On Draft, Volunteers Two-thousand ballots proposing the question, “If the United States went to war against Germany, Italy, or Japan, would you leave school and volunteer or wait until your turn came in the draft?” will be distributed today to a large cross section of University students. The poll is being taken on the campus by the Exponent, national opinion of unversity students already having been sampled by Student Opinion Surveys. In the national poll, 76.5 per cent of all students asked said they would wait until drafted. In the Middle West four out of every five reported they would not volunteer. The Exponent ballots will be distributed to fraternities, student cooperative houses, Cary halls, and independent houses. Results of the campus poll will be announced Tuesday, December 17. From timefo time the Exponent will take polls on this same question as well as others pertinent to student life. In this manner a good indication will be given of the change of student opinion toward or away from isolation, j.l.t., n.a.o.
Little can be formulated from the Purdue exhibition, but one fact stood out like sparrows on a snow bank, and that is that Purdue didn’t even come close to looking like Western Conference defending champions. Here and there^ a bud seemed to appear as the defense attacks of John Conrad, the calmest of Igney’s leadership, and the sudden offensive spurt of sophomore Bob Riley. In the Puma ledger, the offensive and defensive star of the show put in his appearance, as well constructed Bob Pfeffer interecepted Puidue pass after pass and became the spearhead of his club’s attack. Spiiowl Begins Scoring In the first five minutes of the second half, Purdue scored more points that it did during the entire initial effort of twenty minutes. Sprowl opened the scoring by sinking a free throw. Ehiemy Pfeffer put the small, but mighty Puina section in -freenzy with two avdden(Continued on page 3)
NOTICE To the Students of the University: In order to promote the safety of both those who walk and those who ride bicycles, it has become necessary to announce that riding of bicycles on campus sidewalks is prohibited and that all the usual traffic regulations must, be observed by bicycle ridmrs. - - EDWARD C. ELLIOTT.
High School Debaters Express Interest In Tea Dance, Co-ed Hours, Home Town
NOTICE Tp the Students of the University: The attention of University authorities has been called to the pervalence of broken glass on the streets of West Lafayette. This glass is said to come from throwing bottles against poles, curbs, and on the pavement. The statement is made that students have been the offenders in many instances. Naturally such broken glass is ruinous to automobile tires an^ is also dangerous to pedestrians. It is hoped that students will be considerate in this matter and refrain from such careless action. The student body as a whole should be as much concerned as the general public. Students drive cars and walk on sidewalks and across streets: a bit of thoughtfulness will save much expense and embarrasment. EDWARD C. BLUOTT.
By Ed Kieper Boredom, indifference, actual enthusiasm and all grades between are being experienced by the high school students on the campus for the debaters’ conference yesterday and today. Boredom was expressed most freely by three gentlemen from Huntington. One of them, Jim Toy, was at the conference last year. He said (quote) Same as last year, except that we don’t get a chance to tour the campus.” The three were definitely interested in the PIA tea dance yesterday afternoon. They were slightly annoyed by the service in the Sweet Shop. Evidently the were not accustomed to waiting 10 minutes for a coke. He Had A Date A second member of the parlor, Winston Becker, was curious about co-ed hours. Someone had fixed him up with a date. Lucky fellow! At any rate, he was surprised by the liberal hours. Indifference was personified by « girl sitting just inside the main entrance to the Union. Her general opinion of the conference was that it was OK. What did she think of eo-ed garhl
Fair, nothing unusual. Men? Pretty sloppy. Maybe she thought my growing face-shrubbery for the Rassel made me selfconscious, but it didn’t. Back down in the Sweet Sho]^ a pair of East Chicago girls expressed real enthusiasm for both the conference and the University. More than that, when they ran out of anything else to talk about, tirey started on their home town. Didn’t know that Indiana had such a good town. Too Many Buildings Like most of the debaters and legislators, they were lost—too many buildings, and meetings are being held in too many of them. Al?* most ironically, they lyanted to go to the south haBr^m and didn’t know how to do it. Best Joke Of The Conferenee: A group of three orfour detmtere were walldng near the Union whiua one of them suggested going over to the Engineering Budding (singular). A second asked why he wanted to go there? The first said, and we quote again, want to whal an mildneer looks like. INse nev«: one.” ( Itoiek areanik 9*11SotwrdcQr* Dee«mber 1. 1940
fiwulusL £xfUMSltL
<1% /Jtt Is 1 >^> ly^ l-r
5tt> Ckriiimin-
We just got through reading this week’s Life. And we’re soreJ It seems the German minister of Agriculture made a speech last May just before the conquest of Prance. It used to be a secret speech. Until somebody squealed. * ♦ * But he was very, very candid. And also talkative. He had quite a bit to say about that “pseudo-demo-cratic republic,” the United States. It seems that we are going to be subjugated. All our property is going to be confiscated and we’ll be made into slaves like Uncle Tom. Somebody must have been off the ball though, because apparently Adolf has never heard Of . . . The U. S. Navy. ♦ * ^ He ranted on and on. Althougl^ Germany has no intention of continuing on the gold standard, it seems they’re sore because “in this war and in the last war the U. S. held all the gold which belonged to Germany, the successor state of subjugated nations.” *111080 German historians are wonderful. We always were told ... That Germany lost the first World War. * * * It seems that Adolf is going to reinstate slavery. In its Medieval form. These slaves consisting of landless non-Germans. And the way things are going to be set up that would mean everybody — except Quislings. But Adolf forgot that slavery is impossible in the United States. Because since 1861 it’s been unconstitutional. He I|c >1: This speaker also said that the U. S. would offer little fight. Because Germany has a very large police force in America. Just like in Berlin, and Prague, and Paris. But nobody had to tell us that. We already knew it. On account of . . .
The Purdue Exponent Bntered m second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indianm under the act of Congress of March S, 1879, and at the special rate of postasre provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, anihorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Ddivered locally by canrier for 18.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chief ft. W, Donahne Business Manager — Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor ... D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W- X!. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Rnffner, R. M. Skallemp, J. L. Trai^ott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, 6. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. 0. Swaim. Phones: Editorial* 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This issue Night Editor: Heaton Day Editor: Miller Issue Editor: McCullough Night Sports Ed.: Adamson Workers: D. T Brophy, F. I. Jones, O. I. Allanson, E. 6. Kieper, R. L. Hadley, A. Chatfield, M. L. Losey, J. Adams, J. Flanagan, A. Worsley, M. Wlnton, B. Carrier, B. D. Smith, C. V. Thomas, J. S. Fickle, W. Rafert
The factories we don’t have any more. * * * Getting down to Mussolini, we see where he’s having plenty of trouble. Greece is forclosing its mortgage on Albania. And Benny is worried that the Greeks will want to take out an option on Italy. So Field Marshal Badoglio resigned. We kinda think that maybe Mussolini asked for his resignation. With a bullet, o.l.a.
As The Editor Sees It.. .
Not New, But Discovered This is the saga of an editor in which we discover that there is something new under the sun or at least something that we didn’t appreciate in its true light. When we entered the University as a freshman, one of the first places that we found here was the Browsing Room in the Union. We’ll never forget that first day when we didn’t know a soul and didn’t know what to do with ourselves. In our wanderings through the Union we came upon a very inviting room; so in our curiosity we entered. We stayed around long enough to start a book ... a book which we never finished. Because shortly after that afternoon we were picked up by the whirlwind that is the University and have not as yet been deposited at some distant place with a degree in our hand. For three years we’ve been going into the Browsing Room, not following any deliberate plan but merely going there on a haphazard news beat that we have followed. We went there to read Time occasionally .. . sometimes to see the Atlantic Monthly but never to finish that book or start a new one. Then the other day someone used some book as a reference in a discussion at the dinner table. The book could be found in the Browsing
Room said our informer. Later we went in search of the book and found not only this book but several others on the same general subject. We were curious. We found one by Neville Chamberlain, “In Search of Peace.” Another by Winston Churchill on “The World Crisis.” Then as our eyes moved over the shelves a great many names sto[Qd out... Will Durant, Adolf Hitler, Dean Inge, H. G. Wells, Hermann Rauschning, John Gunther, Charles Beard. On the adjoining shelf were row on row of essays ... Lamb, Benchley, Lafeadio Hearn, Leacock. Down a row were the great poets . . . Byron, Shelley, Keats, Frost, Sandburg. And then it dawned on us. Here were all these men into whose minds we could reach by merely dropping in for five minutes and we had been passing up the opportunity these many months. In here were the answers to a million and one of our political questions, in here was the answer to our demands for moment of relaxation. And all these books we found in a space no higher than we could reach and no wider than we could stretch. Here were a hundred or so books that we should have been reading—and haven’t. If we have any regrets when we leave next June it will be because we didn’t take advantage of the Browsing Room because we do not expect to ever find such a condensed yet varied selection of books when we settle down to work iii Podunkville". “He has eyes but he sees not.”
'‘The Saiio~ 3.93 • • to 1
I still say women arjg the root of all evil. They put out an edition of this column yesterday and used all of the material I’ve been saving up. Come to my rescue, won’t you? Ray Friend took the fatal step the other day and planted his jewelry on pretty Janet Dixon. Ho hum, ain’t love grand? By the way, the Theta Xis are putting on a dance of some sort tonight and they want us to tell you people that anybody with a date is cordially invited. They’re calling it the Klondike Klash and they say some of the boys are furnishing the corn. Don’t know what kind of com theS^ mean, but it soimds interesting. Incidentally, it’s a crazy costume affair. We have a swell case of the evil green monster coming to the fore here on the campus. The Beta Christmas dance is coming up soon, so Bob Brown tried to get his bid in to Kappa Betty Ann Carr in a hurry like, but found to his chagrin that a brother had beat him to it. Well this made Bob very angry, so he decided to show Betty Ann. He is now importing an Alpha Chi by the name of “Pauky” Taylor. From what we hear, “Pauky” is quite a gal. It seems as though she’s had five or six fraternity pins already. Well, we hope it works. At any rate, we’re going to watch the developments with much interest. Poor “Salty” Saxton is always getting in trouble. You’d think that he would have had enough trouble with the police lately without trying to walk out of the Sweet Shop the other day with somebody else’s coat on. He had an accomplice, too. “Casey” Hoskinson was in the Shop with him and she, also, tried to get away with the same thing. They did not have a chance, though. The owners saw the whole thing and raised such an awful rumpus that the two culprits had to give up the coats. Salty also presented the girls with a beautiful reproduction of a rainbow in full bloom. Nice of him, we think.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehty
‘And don’t expect any other callers! I canceled the fleet’s shore leave!”
Agricultural Conference Plans Nearly Completed; Scheduled For January Plans are nearing completion for the annual Agricultural Conference to be held here January 13 to 17. The conference is expected to attract from 8,000 to 9,000 persons, making it the biggest week of the year for Hoosier farm folks with the exception of the state fair. The new Hall of Music will be used for the women’s programs, the Indiana Home Economics Association convention and the Rural Entertainment Festival. All seats will be reserved in the Music Hall for Tuesday night, January 14, the evening of the festival. As in the past, the mornings will be given over to instruction in different agricultural fields; the after-
noon will be devoted to programs of general interest; and the evenings will provide entertainment. A number of prominent speakers have been booked and many new features are promised this year. More than a score of state agricultural and home economics associations will hold their annual conventions during the week, m.1.1.
Alumni Receive Service Awards From Ag Group L. E. Hoffman, associate state leader of county agricultural agents on the University extension staff, and two Indiana county agents, Stewart Learning and Jesse Wood, were hdnored with the “distinguished service” award of the National Association of County Agricultural Agents in Chicago this week. The awards were given at the annual meeting of the association. j.s.f. bif QlaJutnat Mudball addressed the following letter to Santa Claus: mr Santa claus north pole dear mr daus it has come to my attention that you plan to visit the city in the near future we students of pnrdue would be highly honored if you would include diort stop-over
with us on dec 25
hoping we will remain on good terms throughout the holiday season i remain your respectful and
—SUNDAY - MONDAY
SLIGHTLY USED
PHONOGRAPH
RECORDS LATEST POPULAR
TUNES
10^
a
Vi
A #I A 'X
fijuMtwL £xpomnL
Scitiirday« December 1, 1940
* > .f- . 'i. *-,(•,- . . ,
An
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Now that one of these pesky “roommates” of ours has been chosen on the top all-American eleven, about all he has to do is make the honor eleven chosen by Vogue, and
he’ll be universal or some’n.
• -I-I- ,
Three loyal and energetic Purdue boosters gathered the Purdue grid seniors together a few evenings ago to give the boys a real party which is the last time the lads gather together. The party was sponsored by Doc Anderson, assisted by Wes Hickman, sales manager of the Lafayette Brewery, and “Sarge” Biltz, operator of Biltz and Conrad’s edt-
ing establishment.
—I-I—
These three men seem to look upon Purdue football and basketball players as adopted sons, and when the lads have finished their intercollegiate careers. Doc, Sarge, and Wes give the kids a last get-togeth-er which will be remembered long after the most glaring error of the
field is forgotten.
—I-I—
Cec Isbell and Lou Brock used every bit of diplomacy in the persuasion technique to talk Dave Rankin into a pro disposition, but Rankin has a little thought for the future, and still says, “I’ll take business.”
—I-I—
What did you think of the allAmerican picked by Colliers, the originators of all-American selection just as Pasadena is the original Bowl game? You can see by the Grantland Rice selections that playing on a winning team gives a player two strikes on another; so if a player on the all-American is a
Riveter Squashmen Face Culver Faculty
Irisiinai’s Today luFleldhouse
Tomorrow at 2:30 p. m. the Riveter squash team will tangle with the Culver Military Academy faculty squad on the Fieldhouse comets. Bob Jordan, son of Dean Jordan of pharmacy school, will play ,against the varsity squad of which he was
fortaerly a member.
Last week the Boilermaker racquet men played two matches. The first, played at Springfield, Ohio, was won 6-0 and the second, played at Dayton, Ohio, with the Wright Field Officers’ team, was lost 4-1. During the season the squad will also play in conference competition. The varsity men who will see action tomorrow afternoon arej^ Jim Mann, Norman Goldstein, J. E. Fant, D. M. MacMillan and 0. P.
Smith. w.a.l.
IM Schedules
SQUASH
Saturday, December 7
1:00 p. m.
Court 1—Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Chi. Court 2—Sigma Nu vs. Alpha Gamma
Rho.
Court 3—Triangle vs. Delta Upsilon. 4:00 p. m. Court 1—Kappa Sigma vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Court 2—Acacia vs. Pi Kappa Phi.
member of a losing club, he’s really tough when he gets the honor. —I-I— Look at the quarterback spot. The honor team places the Stanford signal caller there, and ignores Paul Christman (I can see why—he’s lazy), forgets the great passing and punting of David Allerdice of Princeton, and blocking of Forest Evashevski, Michigan. -r-I-I— Anjrway, to look at the future, it appears that the backfield for the Chicago Tribune all-star game next fall will be sprinkled with real NAMES: Harmon, Franck, Reagan, Kimbrough, Christman, Foxx and Butler (Tenn.) and Sauggau. Enlarge Soldier’s Field, please.
FOR THE LATEST NEWS BREAKS . . . FOR NEWS PICTURES FIRST THE PURDUE EXPONENT
THE ONLY NEWSPAPER IN THIS TERRITORY BRINGING TO YOU EXCLUSIVE REPORTS FROM THE CHICAGO DAILY NRWS FOREIGN SERVICE.
Riveters Trounce (Continued from page 1) death one-handers from bucketvicinity. Sprowl connected and marked up another free toss, tying the count at 4-all. St. Joe’s Gutgsell found the iron hole which was duplicated by Blanken’s effort, and the score stood at 7-7 tie. Pfeffer and Caress got tangled up and the visitor received a breadline toss, sinking it for the one point lead that ''the Dienhart coached club didn’t relinquish until after the second half was under way. Mickey Tierney and Conrad were ruShed into the game and succeeded in drivijng the visitors to circus maneuvers, as the two put on Lambert’s famous pressure defense. Tierney and Igney hit two long heaves to keep Purdue within shouting distance, or maybe whispering distance, of St. Joe as the gun sounded the ten minute period of surcease. ‘On The Way’ As the second half got under way, it soon became apparent that the visitors had “shot their wad” as Purdue offense efforts, however as ragged as Sonja Heine in a pair of football shoes, started to hit the basket. In a big melee, Conrad hit for the Lambert directed five; Blanken and Sprowl also hit field goals, and Purdue was on its shaky way into a hard earned lead. Horsie Riley, the only sophomore showing a deficiency of stage fright then hit the first shot tried in his coming intercollegiate career. Riley, coming back on defense deflected an enemy pass, picked it out of the disturbance, and with a three-on-one situation faked Puma guard, N. Bowman, out of position, passing to Sprowl for the set-up. From here on, Purdue piled up the score on the tiring visitors, but the small Catholic institute stayed within respectful distance of the Gold and Black. Need For Coordination Purdue either looks plenty in the need for coordination of effort, or St. Joe is better than the best in “small-time” schools, which doesn’t, seem impossible. Take a look at the individual efforts: PURDUE FG FT P Igney, f 2 10 Sprowl, f 4 2 1 Conrad, f 10 0 Blemker, f - 0 0 0 Hoffman, f. 0 0 0 Weber, c 0 0 2 Krampe, c 0 0 2 Korsohot, c 2 0 1 Nuetzel, c 10 0 Blanken, g 6 2 2 Caress, g 0 0 0 Tierney, g 112 Riley, g 10 1 18 6 11 ST. JOSEPH FG FT P Mosser, f 6 3 3 Hoffman, f. . 12 3 W. Bowman, f 0 0 0 Bahler, f 0 0 0 Pfeffer, c 4 10 Gutgsell, g 2 0 0 Boedeker, g 0 0 0 Schmidt, g 0 11 N. Bowman, g. 2 0 3 14 7 10
Boilermaker Matmen Await AAU Schedule Bolstered by five returning com■petitors in last year’s Mid-West AAU Wresting meet, the Boilermaker matmen will travel up to McKinley Park, Chicago, next Friday in high hopes of attaining honors in this year’s event. Co-captains Casey Fredericks and John Papurca, Jack Foster, Joe Hlinka and Frank Buggieri, composing the backbone of this year’s squad, led the Riveters into second place honors last year, Fredericks winning in the 121 pound class. ^ Ten Or Twelve To Go Coach C. C. Reeck expects to take 10 or 12 men on the trip, including the five listed above and probably four freshmen, which will be taken from a crop of yearling bone-crush-ers, said to be the biggest and strongest in the team’s history. Five Big Ten Opponents Following the Mid-West meet, Reeck’s wrestlers will enter into their toughest schedule, facing such Big Ten teams as Ohio State, Wisconsin, Northwestern, Illinois and Michigan, and also engaging in contests with Cornell College of Iowa, Findlay College of Ohio and Illinois Normal. Cornell College is claimed' to be second only to Oklahoma A. & M., the top-ranking mat squad of the nation. Following the Mid-West meet in the Windy City and their approaching schedule, the Boilermakers will participate in the Big Ten Wrestling meet, to be held March 3 and 4, at Cplumbus, Ohio. With all the returning strength from last year added to the new supply of bonecrushers entering this season. Coach Reeck expects the squad to turn in one of the best performances in its history, d.e.b. Elward Kept Busy By Grid Banquets Coach Elward was present at the banquet of the Purdue club at Indianapolis Thursday. The principal speaker at this annual affair was Jack Ryan, sports writer of the Chicago Daily News. At the present time the Boilermaker mentor is attending the annual Big Ten meetings in Chicago. The meetings began yesterday and will continue on through today. Tomorrow he will journey to Davenport, Iowa, where he will be the principal speaker at the St. Ambrose College banquet; after this he will hop back and make his appearance at Huntington, Indiana, high school on Monday night. The following night he will be in Terre Haute.
Thanb to YardUy, tha man !$ no lengar a major Chriitmaa problaml. '6fva him lomatlitnQ ha naadtl Ho'tbound fo bo daliqhtad whan ha dlieovara Mt favortta ^ iYardlay ia» w»h Shaving Bowl, Aflor Shavinf # lloHon,andImdilbloTalc.Thoiok^* *^«
Toiletries
Streel Floor
Riveters In Action Again Tonight; Tackle Macomb Third Game In Series Finds Illinois Visitors Looking For First Victory The Riveter basketball team will find its hands full for the second night in succession as its plays host to an invading Western Illinois State Teachers quintet on the Fieldhouse floor jat 7:30 this evening. The teachers, who operate under the alias of Macomb, are beginning to be familiar visitors on Riveter soil for they have played here for the last three years. During this span, the Boilermakers have kicked the role of host around rather severely and the annual invaders have yet to return to Macomb, Illinois, with a victory under their belts.
Notre Dame Meets Southern Cal. Today For Season's Finale When Notre Dame’s Fighting Irish trot out onto the sod of Los Angeles’ gigantic Coliseum this afternobn they will be hunting for their first win over Southern California since 1937 and their first win on the coast since 1934. The Trojans were the victors in last year’s thrill-packed contest at South Bend, 21-12. The previous year Southern Cal dumped an unbeaten, heavily-favored Irish team, 13-0. Both years the Trojans appeared in the Rose Bowl and beat teams with perfect slates. Lots Of Disappointments Both clubs have suffered disappointment this season, with the Notre Dame case being more acute. Heralded as one of the greatest Irish elevens in years, the team romped through their first three battles in ridiculously easy fashion. Then Army scared the daylights out of them. Navy outplayed them, according to their coach, Elmer Layden, and an alert Iowa squad gave them a 7-0 licking. This was bad enough but Northwestern’s Wildcats gave them the bitterest dose with a 20-0 pasting two weeks ago. It’s a cinch that the Irish are looking for someone to take it out on. Although Southern Cal was supposed to again produce a strong team, it was expected that the losses suffered by graduation would weaken last year’s powerhouse. But Howard Jones’ men have had a poor Season for Trojan teams, losing successive games to Stanford, California and Washington. Nothing To Lose Layden fears that the coast squad will have nothing to lose and will be “shooting the works” this afternoon. He pronounced his club in fairly good shape for the -contest. The Trojans have been hampered by influenza with a dozen players on the sidelines because of this “bug.” A crowd of 80,000 is expected. e.c.y.
Forwards Set Pace The Gold and Black lineup for the game is tentative as Coach Piggy Lambert’s lineups usually are. However, Captain Igney, Sprowl, Weber, Blanken and Caress will probably be right up in the front line trenches when the battle starts. Igney and Sprowl, a sharpshooting set of forwards, were the individual stars of last year’s Macomb fracas; each pushing in five decisive buckets. Big Jake Weber was the starting center and he will be right at home in the same position tonight, where his height will be well utilized under the basket. Don Blanken of Dundee, Illinois, Red Caress from Bedford and Mickey Tierney of St. George high school in Chicago are the leading contenders for the guard positions. Guard is a questionable term in view of the fast break basketball that is so characteristic of Lambert-coached Riveter squads, but no matter who gets the nod, the position will be in capable hands. Lacking In Altitude 'The Boilermakers have put in a busy week in an attepapt to p<fiish offensive play and to correct a none-too-potent defense. Except for six foot, five inch Jake Weber, the team lacks the height that so many of the squads of this era feature in the great indoor game. However, with 20 years’ experience behind him, Lambert kpows how to handle such a situation and his blackboard strategy combined with the team’s speed helps to counteract this defect. A victory for the Boilermakers-^ will keep their perfect batting average intact and will demand a great deal of well earned praise for the boys who will have played two games in as many nights. In 1938 the Teachers were at the short end of a 52 to 30 score and last year they were on the same end in a 47to 24 contest. j.d.f.
At a recent tournament at Marquette university, in which 1,000 youngsters participated, a “human chessboard,” with children as the pawns, was used to popularize the game.
SWEET CREAM DONUTS HAVE YOU TRIED OUR 10 YAl^imES? Always Fresh Special Party Prices DONUT SHOP
623 Main St.
Phone 46743
BEAUTIFUL FLOWERS for BEAUTIFUL LADIES You'll win some compliments for being mighty smart, if you give her a stunning cors^e for either the Union Formal W. R. H. Formal. Don't forget Dorner^s when ordering unusual flower arrangements. Dorner $ Flower Shop
Phone 6050
MainitTtli, -f
yy
j
Saturday# December 7, 1940
/
fiuhdwL £xfU)mtiL
Marshal Badoglio Resigns Command Of Italian legions By John T. Whitaker SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright. 1940 Chicagro Daily News, Inc. Rome, Dec. 6—The resignation of Italy’s great soldier, Marshal Pietro Badoglio, as chief of the general staff of the armed forces was accepted this morning, 40 days after the Fascist invasion of Greece. Gen. Ugo Cavallero, a 63-year-old officer of wide experience, succeeds the old marshal, who is 69. The fateful announcement was made in a special communique that reads: “By a royal decree in the act of being signed, Marshal of Italy Pietro Badoglio ceases at his own request to hold the post of chief of the general staff. “Also by a royal decree in the act of being signed, Ugo Cavallero, general of the army, by his war merit has been nominated head of the general staff.” It was Marshal Badoglio’s reorganization of the Fascist invasion of Ethiopia in the same region of east Africa 40 years later that made Victor Emmanuel not only King but Emperor as well. Hero Of World War Vital to the Fascist regime, this victory over Haile Selassie was only an incident in the career of a great soldier whose life has been strkingly involved with the history and expansion of modern Italy. He undertook the staff work after the disaster of Caporetto in the World War and, reorganizing a shattered army, thiew the Italians back into the lines to win against the Austrians and Germans the battle of Vittorio Veneto, one of the greatest of all the World War victories. To understand this accomplishment, one should imagine as a comparable feat that French Generalissimo Maxime Weygand had reorganized the broken army of France after Adolf Hitler’s invasion of the Lowlands and, with British support, turned defeat into triumph. March On Rome Equally important, Badoglio was the head of the army with which Victor Emmanuel consulted when the Fascists, on Oct. 28, 1922, undertook the march on Rome, which subsequently brought Benito Mussolini dictatorial power. He might have advised his King to put down the Fascist revolution by force of arms. Like Badoglio, his successor, Gen. Cavallero, fought with distinction in the Italian conquest of Libya from the Turks in 1911 and served as a staff officer in the World War, becoming chief of the operations bureau of the staff in 1917. A younger man than Badoglio, by six years, an enthusiastic supporter of the revolutionary regime, and an officer qualified by wide experience in the field, the staff and the ministry, Gen. Cavallero should bring energetic daring to the staff at a time when wars are important from the political and propaganda point of view as well as from the purely military aspect.
Today's Summary (Continued from page 1) The new Italian military chief, writes John T. Whitaker from Rome, “should bring energetic daring to the staff in a moment when wars are important from the political and propaganda point of view as well as from the purely military aspect.”
Morgenthau, British Confer “Secretary of the Treasury Morgenthau spent most of yesterday with Sir Frederick Phillips, undersecretary of the British treasury,” writes Paul R. Leach from Washington. “A part of this conference, a large part, is being devoted to a fi’ank discussion of Britain’s financial condition.”
Jap Public Stiffens “Stiffening solidarity in the Japanese public, as the crisis confronting the nation grows in gravity, is the most interesting first impression I get on returning here after an absence of three months,” A. T. Steele radios from Tokyo.
RAF Downs 14 Planes “The Royal Air Force yesterday downed 14 Nazi planes over Great Britain. I dined with the pilots who had bagged nine of that number,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick, who obtained their stories. Guesf Speaker Here For Wesley Co-ed Breakfasf1 The semi-annual co-ed breakfast of the Wesley Foundation will be held Sunday morning, December 8, at 8 o’clock. Martha Miller, a senior in the home economics school, is chairman. The guest speaker on the Christmas program will be Mrs. Lenora Porter of New York, secretary of student work of the Methodist Women’s Society for Christian Service. Among the special guests will be Dean Stratton, Miss Coolidge, Miss Gamble, and Miss Sunderlin. All Methodist co-eds and their guests are invited to attend the breakfast. The tickets are ten cents, and reservations may be made by calling Mrs. William McFadden. m.n. Scotch Eds Take Notice; Comps At Mixer Tonight Debris photographers will prove a boon to purse-weary University men as they take pictures of various couples attending the Union mixer tonight in the north ballroom. All couples whose pictures are taken will receive complimentary tickets to the dance featuring the music of Don Phillips and his “ten men and a girl.” r.a.f.
ISUNSHINE FARMS! PHONE 5015
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Holn St. Phone 5101
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DEUnST 119Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
CHRISTMAS CARDS Exclusive Lines SOUTHWORTH'S
Hardware
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Church Directory Purdue Christian Foundation Lafayette Christian Church Sixth and North streets 9:30 a. m. Student Class: Dean Freeman of the school of agriculture will speak on the subject: “Christian Life Standards.” 10:40 a. m. Church Worship Service: Doyle Mullen’s sermon, “Beyond Hatred.” 6:15 p. m. 10 cent supper at 126 S. Chauncey avenue. 6:00 p. ra. Forum at church, including recreation, singing, discus-. sion and worship. Carolyn Britton and Bob Tooker, representing the Purdue Religious Couiicil, will lead a discussion on “Shall We Peed the Europeans?” Nancy Lee Dawson will lead in worship. St. John’s Episcopal Church _^ixth and Ferry streets a. m. Holy Communion. Followed by student breakfast in the Parish House. 10:45 a. m. Morning Prayer and Sermon. Bible Sunday Sermon by the Rector. 6:00 p. m. Supper. Seabury Society. After supper a discussion will be led by the Rev. Reese F. Thornton on the “Christmas Story in Liturgy and in Song.” Methodist Students 8:00 a. m. Co-ed breakfast. The speaker will be Mrs. Lenora Porter, New York City. 9:30 a. m. Men’s Student Class: “The Race Problem,” by Dr. J. R. Leevy. 10:40 a. m. Dr. Steele will preach on: “A Message for the Times.” 5:15 p. m. Student 15 cent supper. 6:00 p. m. Fellowship hour at the church. 6:30 p. m. Discussion groups on “Preparation for Home and Marriage.” 7:16 p. m. Worship service in the auditorium. University Presbyterian Church North and Grant streets John W. Findley, Pastor of Westminster Foundation. R. S. Thomas, Assistant. 9:30 a. m. Dr. Graves will lead the Sunday morning discussion on the “Life of Jesus.” 10:45 a. m. Church services at the Central Presbyterian church. Seventh and Columbia streets. 2:30 p. m. The church dedication
services will be held. Dr. Paul Cal-' vin Payne, general secretary of the board of Christian Education of the Presbyterian church, will speak. 6:00 p. m. Sunday Evening club will meet for supper. All students are invited to join in the fellowship. 7:00 p. m. There will be an organ recital. West Lafayette Baptist Church Columbia and Chauncey streets Joseph Baird Gleason, Pastor 9:30 a. m. Roger Williams club, Robert J. Raudebaugh, teacher. 10:30 a. m. Sermon. “For the Healing of the Nations.” Solo, Ruth Schlott, “0 Holy Night,” Adam. Anthem “A Wonderful Guest to the Earth Has Come Down,” Nevin. 4:30 p. m. Rehearsal for Pageant. 6:30 p. m. Roger Williams club Fellowship Hour and supper. 7:00 p. m. Pageant “The Nativity,” Choir and club. The Annual Yule Candle will be presented. Harold J.DeLay . . . has been transferred from the engineering department of the Chicago, St. Paul, Minneapolis, & Omaha Railway to the operating department, and has been made trainmaster with headquarters at Worthington, Minnesota. Last year DeLay served as secretary-treasur-er of the Twin Cities Purdue Club and this year was elevated to the presidency.
of *'C" grades In Hl^way Construction CB 61 will be given at 1 p. m. Saturday, December 14, in room •206 of Civil Building. —PETTY. WAA Fencing: All' fencers out for practice Friday, December 6, and Tuesday, December 10. Tournament matches will begin Friday. December 18, at 4 p. m. in Women’B gym. —^McFarland. Newman Club: The monthly communion will take place Sunday, December 8. Breakfast will be served alter 9:80 mass. All members are requested to appear since pictures for Debris will be taken. —BENNA. / Aeromodelers: No meeting Friday, December 6. R.O.G. contest Sunday afternoon, December 8, in the Fleldhouse. Anyone interested in giving a 15 minute talk on model airplanes should get in touch with Obarski. —OBARSKI.
scribes. Bring money and check list to office today between 1-4 p. in. Very important. —ALEXANDER. SAE: Meeting In room 212 of the Union on Tuesday, December 10, at 7:80 p. m. P. H. Boor of Fairchild Mfg, Co. will speak on Gear Design. All students interested are invited. —WIST.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Sunday, December 8, at 2 p. m. in the Exponent office. Bring ideas for the Rassel Exposer. Must get copy by Sunday night. All report. A lew details to decide about the dance. —McKEB.
Biillel Foundation: Meeting this Sunday afternoon in Room 304 in the Union building at 4:00 p. m. Ernest Cortissoz will speak on “Latin America.” There will also be a short business meeting. —KATZBNBERG.
Indiana Student Health Association: The tenth annual meeting will be held December 14 at Indiana university in the Union Building. Luncheon reservations may be made before the 10th by calling Ruth C. Irvin, phone 8001, —IRVIN. Co-ed Riflery: No shooting Monday, December 9 or Wednesday, December 11. Shooting Tuesday and Thursday as usual. Each co-ed is to have 5 practices by Thursday, December 12, for intramural competition. —BLAGRAVE.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, December 7, by schools as follows: students whose names begin with A-E, Room 129, Electrical Biulding; F-K, Room 201, Civil Building; L-R, Room 101 Michael Golden Shops, S-Z, Room 264, Electrical Building. —KNAPP.
Classified Ads
FOB BALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St Phone 2779. For Sale: Used car in good running condition. Has heater, well treaded tires, and new battery. Privately owned. $67. Phone 76798.
Purdue Outing Club: There will be an ice skating party Sunday, December 8, weather permitting. The party will leave the west entrance of the Union at 4 p. m. after the outing. For reservations call Ted A picnic lunch will be served at the cabin Parker, 36462, or Marjorie Ward, 41111 before Saturday noon, —WARD.
FOB BENT For Rent: Buss-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 2407.
For Sale: ’29 Chevrolet coupe. Good tires, paint. Radio, heater. $36. Call 2009.
Notices
PIA Men’s Chorus: Rehearsal schedule for next two weeks is as follows: Monday, December 2, 7:30 p. m. in room 307, Union. Wednesday, December 4, 7:30, room 807. Saturday, December 7, 2:00 p. m., in Union, Tower. Monday, December 9, 7 :S0 p. m., room 807, Union, Wednesday, December 11, 7:30 p. m. in room 307. Saturday, December 14, 2:00 p. m. in 807. It is extremely important that everybody attend. —SMULEVITZ.
Kappa Delta Pi-Delta Rho Kappa: Joint meeting Tuesday, December 10, at 7:30 p. m. in the west faculty lounge. A talk by kl Stewart will be followed by an informal social sing and grab bag exchange Members and their guests are invited. All must bring a wrapped ten cent gift. —NORQUEST.
Cadet Luncheon Committee: There Will be a meeting at 4 p. m. Tuesday, Dec. 10, in the Armory. —MEESE.
Roger Williams Club and Christian Foundation: Basketball game Saturday, December 7, at 2 p. m. on court 1. —BLACK.
Scriveners: Important meeting Sunday, December 8, at 7:30 p. m. in room 261 of the Union Guest coming. —RIEGLE
Lost: Leather case of keys near Michael Golden Shops. Jack Sells. 45472.
“Most sincere lot of Thank You letters 1 ever received”
Elementary Structures 22: Examination for the removal of C or I grades will be given December 14 from 1-4 p. m. in the Civil Building, room 301. Please contact me at once. —SONESON.
Activities Bureau Sophomores: There will be an important meeting of all sophomores on my committee on Monday afternoon at 4:30 in the Bureau office —WALLEY
PIA Chorus: Rehearsal at 2-00 p m. in room 307 of the Union —SMULEVITZ
GE 35: Examination for removal of C or I grades December 14. Make arrangements in room 109 Michael Golden Shops before Friday, December 18. —OWEN.
Union Women’s Bowling Tournament: Due to late entries, the tournament has been postponed until Tuesday, December 10. Girls wishing WAA points must bowl three games before that date. —STUCKEY.
Students from Pittsburgh and Vicinity; If theer are enough of us, we will hold a dance at the Chatterbox in the William Penn Hotel, Thursday, December 26, fiom 9 p. m. to 2 a. m. Cost per couple is $2 20, which will include cover charge and dinner, accoiding to Louis Berti, maitie d’Hotel of the Penn If you are interested, please call Jack Wunderley, 61163, or Bill Delmer, 2437. (12-17) —DELMER
CB 61: A condition teat for the removal
Scriveners: All receipt books must be brought up to date for auditor’s repoit and to make delivery of magazine to new
EVERYTHING YOU DEMAND
is included in our Dry Cleaning Service. In addition we give you Genuine MONITE Moth-Proofing FREE. All Wool Garments are moth-proofed hy this process.
The Home of DATED SHIRTS Shirts laumlered by us exclusively are Guaranteetl to Last a Year
Crown Laundry PiME CLEAHERS OF FINE C L 0 T H E f
t ten**'®’ ,JhoU«Y and tchbuf" abo'**''' ,ea<l UqWe'" . peace Vrtb °*'® eact '* '''* I. mV*
t
ylOR'’®
5
BIG TEN CROWN HERE WE COME Yes Sir! Last night much to the satisfaction of an excited crowd the Boilermaker’s 1940-41 basketbaU season got underway, Now, gang, it is up to you to get behind the team and root for them all the way. They can’t do a thing without your support and just remember this year the BIG TEN CROWN is at stake— PETER ANDERSON CO. After You We Come First 525 Alabama 4^
if
’4 '1 Mfc
pv
I
s»ri
Variety Shop Street Floor