This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY ' Mdy 1. im Laiayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 173
Major-General W. E. Cole To Review University Corps At Annual Inspection
Major General W. E. Cole, commanding general of the fifth corps area; Lieutenant Governor Schricker; Major McLeod, of Lafayette; and Major Sanderson, of Lafayette, will review the University ROTC Thursday at 2 p. m. on Intramural Field. Cole will receive a 13-gun salute as he comes on the field. /
Forestry Club Plans Field Day
Mortar Board Names 10 Co-eds As 1938 Pledges
Inspection will consist of passing in review, calisthenics, commandsystem drill, and gunnery drill. For the last 13 years the corps has been awarded an excellent rating.
Two weeks from today, on May 21, the Forestry Club will hold its annual field day at Cary Camp. The afternoon’s program will feature interclass competition in the log chopping, log sawing, canoe races, and track and field events.
Mortar Board, national senior women’s honorary announces the following pledges. Selection iVvas made on the basis of scholarship
and participation in campus activi-
To Inspect Classes Thursday, Friday, and Saturday of next week, the visiting ofScers will inspect classes in the Armory. Contrary to previous notice in the Exponent, the inspection banquet will be given at 7 p. m. Thursday instead of 7:30 p. m. Students taking advanced military may, secure tickets in the military ofiice.
SketsToSpeakAt
Annual CEBanpet
A wooden plaque with engraved silver plates will be awarded the winning class. The plaque will be awarded annually and will hang in the new addition to the Horticulture Building. The purpose of the award is to arouse some of the oldtime class spirit which seems to have died out during the last few years, said T. B. Glazebrook, Porest:)ry Club president. The Spencer award will be presented to Charles Walters for his scholastic achievements and outstanding work in the Forestry Club. Tickets may be purchased from various members of the Forestry Club for 20 cents.
ties. ^ Pledges are as follows: Mary Cooley, West Lafayette Georganna Huber, Liztoa. Betty Kline, Mishawaka. Virginia Laramore, Evanston, 111. Mary Alice Learning, Valparaiso. Sally McKee, West Lafayette. Georgians Pittman, Indianapolis. Betty Jo Sexton, Jasonville. Mary Wein, Lafayette. Martha Wood, West Lafayette.
Phi Dell Four Win
Bridge Tourney
Frank T. Sheets, president of the Portland Cement Association, will be the main speaker at the annual Civil Engineering Banquet to be held Tuesday night, at 6:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union. After the banquet, officers to head the student branch of the American Society of Civil Engineers next year will be elected. According to G. Ross, president of the student branch of ASCE, it is not compulsory to attend the banquet in order to vote. Tickets for the banquet, priced at 60 cents for ASCE members and 75 cents for non-members, may be secured at the main office of the Civil Engineering Building.
Herbert F. Wiegendt Wins AlChE Award
Phi "Delta Theta’s bridge team won the all-campus bridge tourney in a four-team playoff Thursday night in the Union. Winning 14 1-2 matches out of 24, the champs tied the mixed team called Purple, Green and Gold; but a comparison of individual match scores between the two teams broke the deadlock.
Herbert F. Weigandt, ChE ’38, won fifth in this year’s annual American Institute pf Chemical Engineers’ -student technical problem contest.
A cash prize will be awarded to Herbert Weigandt when he accompanies Dr. John L. Bray, head of the school of chemical engineering, and Dr. C. L. Lavell, of that staff, to the annual meeting of the AIChE May 9 to 11, at White Sulphur Springs, W. Va.
Running close third was the team o^ Four Deuces with 13 1-2 matches to its credit. Fourth were the Four Treys, who won 5 1-2 contests. Each team played every other team in eight matches, and each player had ev^ry member of his team as a partner, thus making a balanced competition.
Skull And Crescent
To Initiate 37 Frosb
Banquet To Honor Stydent Achievement In Activities
Student achievement in extracurricular dramatics, debate, and radio, will be recognized at the Stage-Stump-Studio banquet to, be held Friday, May 20, in the Ho\^e Economics Building cafeteria. This year’s annual get-together^ for all those active in the various fields of speech will be addressed by Dr. William Sandford, owner and editor of a Pontiac, 111., newspaper and former head of the University of Illinois speech department. He was also connected with the speech department of Ohio State University. Dr. Sanford will speak at the banquet, which is an invitational affair, on his humorous experiences as a speaker.
In three weeks time, Herbert Weigandt had to solve the problem of commercial production of diphenyl, a heat transfer liquid for use in binary heating syjstems. His 50-page report, which took him 180 hours to compile had to include the size of the equipment, piping, the valves,, and instruments as well as operating costs, fixed charges, and a complete flow sheet. Students in chemical engineering feoughout the United States participated in the national contest.
Following initiation, which will be, held in the Mechanical Engineering Building, the present members will entertain the new initiates at a banquet in the Union Building.
Kippa Psi...
Theta Tau , . .
. . . pharmacy honorary, announces the election of the following officers: president, R. J. Kantz, Lafayette; vice president, W. R. Netherton, Chalmers; secretary-treasurer, M. W. McKinney, Winslow; and historian, J. E. Orr, Delphi.
'social fraternity, announces the pledging of William F. Jordan, Knightstown.
It’s Not Dwarfs,.. ... but real workmen who (have been walking around the narrow plank about the University smokestack. They are repairing the large crack caused last winer during a thunder stonn by a fiash of lightning.
Indiana Weather
Beg Your Pardon Thirteen girls were pledged to Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman coed scholastic honorary, Thursday instead of eight initiated, as was announced in yesterday’s Exponent.
Forecast for Indiana: Cloudy and cooler today. Rain in central and south portions. Mostly cloudy and continued cool tomorrow. Yesterday’s Temperatures: high, 72; low, 53; me^in, 6^5.
Taylor Named Engineer Editor In Chief
Behrends, Prechter Also Receive Posts
J. P. Taylor, ME ’39 and member of Acacia fraternity, was made editor of the 1938-39 Engineer, according to the list of appointments released by Dean A. A. Potter. H. N. Behrends, PSE ’39, Triangle) is the new business manager. The office of managing editor will be filled by W. C. Prechter, ETE ’39, Triangle. The three associate editors chosen are J. J. Consoli, CE ’39, and F. C. Horn, EE ’39, independents; and E. K. Lown, ChE '39, Triangle.
Assistant Editors Assistant editors named are W. J. Harris, ChE ’40, Acacia; W. E. Catterall, ChE ’40, Pi BPIappa Phi; R. Squires, EE ’40, Alpha Chi Rho; J. T. Felix, EE ’40, Sigma Pi; W. A. Hart, ME ’40, Sigma Chi; and D. N. Rice, EE *40, independent.
J. P. Taylor
H. N. Behrends
W. C. Prechter
Junior business staff will be composed of H. G. Kolb, ME ’40, Triangle; E. R. Fleck, ME ’40, Acacia; J. W. Scott, PSE ’39, Alpha Tau Omego; F. K. Stamm, EE ’40, Tri-
angle; W. R. Ott, ME ’40, Theta Tau; and H. O. Monson, EE ’40, Phi Kappa. The new staff will begin its duties with the May issue. «
Sing, May Queen Crowning
Featured On Program Today
32 Groups To Enter In Musical Show Tonight
Climaxing weeks of preparation, 32 groups including 23 fraternities, six sororities, Pedalion, and two PIA groups, will participate in the University Sing tonight at 6:30 p. m. Preparations have been made to seat 1,000 people on the Oval; a platform has been erected for the use of the participants, and a program giving the names of the or-, ganizations in the order of their appearance, the names of their leaders, and the names of their selections has been mimeographed.
Thirty-seven freshmen will be initiated into Skull and Crescent, national sophomore men’s honorary, next Tuesday evening, according to an announcement made last night by Ross Drever, president of the organization.
Judging will be on the ability of the group as a whole to sing, and since the purpose of the contest is to sponsor group singing on the campus, the per cent of the members of the organization participating will also be taken into account. No Microphones Because of insufficient facilities to pick up so many voices at once microphones will not be used again this year. Also because in former years their use was optional, and they were sometimes thought to be a contributing factor in winning oi losing. Indianapolis News Musical Critic Walter Whitworth and Bomar Cramer, Indiana pianist, will judge the singing; and suitable awards will be given to the winning groups. The six top ranking organizations, thiee men’s and three women’s, will give a concert tomorrow in the music oom of the Union it 4 p. m., and the winning fraternity will carry out the old custom of serenading the sororities and Women’s Residence Halls.
To Crown May Queen At 7:30 p. m. Louise Bain will be crowned May Queen and with her retinue, will form a background for the Sing. The Queen will be seated six feet above the platform, with her attendants arranged down on the steps. In connection with the sing, Ted Cabonargi, Union vice-president in charge has asked that students do not park their cars on State street in front of the oval. In former years thi^ has increased traffic congestion with a consequent blowing of horns and ringing of the street car bells, which interrupt the singing.
Kappa Delta Pi Dines, Announces Initiation
Pledges are as follows: Dorothy Jane Backert, Joyce Burnham, Mary Jane Carr, Alberta J. Densford, Charlotte A. Finney, Victoria Jane , Horne, Joan Louise LeBoef, Mary Edith Monk, Helen McLean, Lucille E, Osborne, Jean S. Plummer, Betty Ann Sheay, and Margaret A. Terstegge.
Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the division of education and applied psychology, spoke at the initiation banquet of Kappa Delta Pi, national education society, in the Union Building, Thursday night. Wayne Byrd, president of the society, was the toastmaster and announced the initiation of the following students: Mary Jane Bauers, Virginia R. Blank, Alice L, Breitwieser, Arnold R. Bredewater, Arthur J. Bredewater, Helen I. Conver, William Feldman, Barbara C. Gibbs, Flora E^ances Holt, Martha Ellen Kemmer, Betty V. Klein, Virginia Laramore. Richard Wayne Latier, James C. Lyboult, Elizabeth C. Maier, Charles W. Mann, Martha B. McCool, Kathryn Merritt, Bessie Miller, Olive May Riegel, Janette M. Shaffer, Dale D. Schinbeckler, Mary K. Townsend, Erleen Thomas, and Sylvia F. Zussin.
Symphony Band To Play At Fort Wayne Tonight
A symphonic Band caravan consisting of 82 musicians in three big Greyhound buses will leave for Ft. Wayne at 1 p. m. today. The band will be the guests of the Purdue Alumni Association of Port Wayne at an evening banquet preceding its concert in the Shrine Temple at 8:30 p. m.vThe band will return to Lafayette immediately after the concert.
Style Show In Home Economics Auditorium To
Begin Week-End Dedicated To Mothers Of Students
Since hundreds of Purdue mothers are expected on the campus over the week-end, a preliminary program of varied events has been planned for today, featuring the crowning of the May Queen and the University Sing. Mrs. Lawrence A. Wood, of
Major Terms India ^Land Of Illusion^ In Open Discussion
“India is a land of illusion,” Major C. W. Hawksworth, former British army officer and veteran of the Boer War, told students assembled in room B of the Union last night, as he related some of his experiences in the Far East. The elderly traveler chose to talk of the mystic and uncanny side of life in India, incidents of the type which, according to the Major, “lecturers on the Orient usually leave out of their discussions because of the high degree of incredibility.” Humorous were the descriptions of an Indian dinner, to which every guest brought his own “kitmagar,” or butler, to wait on him under |the general orders of the host’s servant, and the story of the chance meeting of an old London acquaintance, an English-trained lawyer of Hindu birth, leading a native Masonic group at a temple in the Himalayas. The far-famed rope trick and other feats of the fakirs, the unexplainable “grapevine” system of telegraphing messages by the natives, and the high development of the art of hypnotism led to a general discussion with the audience which outlasted the talk.
West Lafayette, who will be attending the festivities for the sixth time, expressed the belief that, “If local mothers can get such a big thrill out of the activities while living here and seeing them all the time, it must be quite an experience for those who come for only a visit.”
Reiterating Mis. Wood’s statement IS Mrs. H. T. Knstjanson, of Wauwatosa, Wis., who is here for her second Mothers’ Day. “I enjoyed my visit very much last year and that’s why I’m back,” she said.
Student Union officials request any student with a car available to take mothers on campus tours today to report to the east entrancp of the Union at 2:20. Bill MilUiolland is in charge of arrangements.
Spring Spree Fans To Eat, Play Games
Entertainment at the annual Alpha Phi Omega Spring Spree, Saturday afternoon. May 14, will include a treasure hunt, student-fac-ulty tug-of-war, baseball, soccer, volleyball, and various races. A rope medal will go to the winning tug-of-war team. Club officials have invited all male students and faculty to attend the Spree, which will be held at Ross Camp.
Strouss, EE '15, Receives Job Of Vice President
H. S. Strouss, EE ’15, was recently elected vice president of Harnischfeger Corporation, Milwaukee, Wis. He began working with this corporation shortly after the war as advertasing manager. Strouss w^ll continue to be in charge of the treasury, along with his new position.
“I think it’s very nice. Other schools have their fetes and May Queen crownings, but I have never seen one before that celebrates Mothers’ Day in as an appropriate manner.” Inaugurating the Mothers’ Day program for today will be a fashion show in the Home Economics Building auditorium at 10:30 a. m. Modeling dresses and coats which they have made in their classes, freshman, sophomore, and junior girls will present the styles of “The Coed From High School To Profession.” At 12:30 p. m. a luncheon and program will be given in the Union ballroom where co-eds will model costumes of 25 years ago and campus clothes of today. Tom Sheets, Student Union president, will preside as toastmaster. Choir To Sing During the banquet. Mothers’ Day Committee Chairman Mrs. Oakel F. Hall will introduce her committee members; R. B. Stewart, University controller, will speak; and the University Choir, A. P. Stewart directing, wiU sing. Opening and closing with “On The Banks of The Wabash,” a special program of music will be broadcast by WBAA from 1:30 to 2 p. m. The progi-am will include a solo by Mrs. Albert P. Stewart, of West Lafayette; a violin selection from Miss Mary Johnson, a freshman music student at DePauw University; and songs by the Purdue Men’s Glee Club and Boone County Home Economics Chorus. (Continued on page 2)
Playshop To Present ^Squaring The Circle^ For Visiting Mothers Tonight
By Jerry Torrence, Jr.
Tonight after the University Sing will be the last time to see Playshop’s current drama production, “Squaring the Circle,” in Fowler Hall. A burlesque of economic conditions in the USSR, the comedy was written in 1928 by Valentine Elataev.
change, becoming a rectangle. There is a “collapse of Communistic ideology.” Things become more and more involved, until the play ends with eversrthing “up in the
The three-act play opens with two couples moving into the same one-room apartment. 'Two roommates, played by Gilbert Devore and Benny Burns, marry at the same time, each unknown to the other. AfteE much arguing they divide the room in half with a chalk line.
Their wives played by Bev Rice and Rochelle Rosenwasser, are of two different types: Rice loves her fun and tear-shedding, while Rosenwasser likes peace and^quiet, and above all, books. ^
Love Changes Presently the love affairs inter-
All four princdples play their roles convincingly. Dave Thompson in the role of a braggadacio, a poet who has returned from hsird work on a farm with enlarged chest and biceps, clearly steals the show. He constantly boasts in raucous tones of his poetic ability and of his great strength. He spends half his time standing on a table waving his arms about and yelling. “Best Of Any Night ’* Said Stage Director John Dietrich when interviewed last night, “This is the best night of any this week. The audience is very responsive; in fact, we had 23S laughs tonight as recorded by Mary Jane Carr. Our best night in “PU Marry the Actress” was 325 laughs but it ia supposed to be foamier,”'
/ #
^diibfdaL
THE PDBDOE EXPONENT
dtuMUfl,
Soturdkzy, May 7, 1938
‘Jhn ^tUioh^^aijA: Today... . . . ie your day, Mother. For the best part of twenty years, all the days have been our days. When we couldn't walk, you carried us; when we were sick, you took care of us; when the world looked a sorry place, you comforted us; and when we were happy, you were even happier, for us. Supplying our needs, ministering to our wants, correcting our mistakes, solving bur dilemmas, and always ready with experiencewise counsel or abundant love: yours has been a ceaseless, a devoted, and—all too often—a thankless task. But today is your day. The University and all its sons and daughters are dedicated ... to you. Small enough return on your investment, but it comes from the heart of us. Almost a thousand strong you invade our beloved campus. Eager, proud, happy—^you praise and enjoy the advantages we take as' a matter of course. Yes . . . today is your day, but in a sense it also is ours; because, though proud and happy you may be, we’re even prouder and happier to have you here. Purdue welcomes you. Mother, and — deep in its seemingly irreverant' young heart—blesses you . .. not a little. —T. P. G. Fraternity Week... . . . resolutions passed by the Presidents’ Council Thursday night bear promise of defining a new era in pledging and pre-initiation activities of University fraternities. Actions of individual organizations have pointed to a more constructive pledge program for several years, but these new plans mark the first definite step of the entire group in that direction. There’s little question that Fraternity Week can and will work out satisfactorily. The Council’s amendment putting it into effect has the unanimous support of fraternity presidents.
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBCR
Entered as second class matter at the x>o8t office In Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Consrress of Blaroh 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postal x>rovlded for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8,-1917, authorised Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during Uie regular academic year and weekly during the Sununer Session. Canytus subscriptions |8 per year; by mail $8.60.
Biudn«w Hanac«r
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor ^ J. B. Brock Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer Associate Editors D. A Bailey, L. S. Hardin. C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. S. Vance Sophomore Assistants—^E. J. Deckard, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, B. L. Keek, W. A Kroeplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Teirio, G. A Torrence, J. C. Woodson CO-ED STAFF Editor EUizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, ^ ' Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, ' B. D. Wltwer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillllan Local Advertising Manager Jtt. R. Hensler Circulation Manager. M, O. Reeves MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6637 Business Phone 5038
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—Harmon Saturday, May 7, 1938
several of whom already have experience in “constructive work” programs for pledges to aid in making the week successful. Just as important as the work program, or perhaps even more so, is the provision for instructing and educating pledges im fraternity life and purposes. Well-designed programs could serve to educate not only the pledges and members but also the persons on the other end of fraternity-University relationships concerning their responsibilities in this field.
collegiate
Sing, May Queen(Continued from page 1)
The American educational system has “too much machinery, too much teaching, and too little learning.” This was the charge made at Providence, R. I., recently by Prof. Kirsopp Lake of Harvard University. Continuing his denunciation, he said: “It simply infuriates me to see our universities having to give special courses in elementary French or German, taught by young scholars who ought to be doing advanced work of their own. The languages should be taught our children in the lower school. “We would get better results by enticing men to learn than by the whole army of baby deans in this country.” C—C—C Maxine Gray has been forced to cancel her appearance on Hal Kemp’s new CBS Ailwite program because of ill-health as the result of her train-wreck injuries . . . Judy Starr, the cute diminutive blonde who sang with Rudy Vallee last year, will fill Maxine’s role. . . . the odd part about the whole thing is that Judy got her start when her date at a West Virginia Military Ball dared her to sing with the band playing for the ball .. . . that band was Hal Kemp! C—C—C The odd antics of a pair of Washington and Jefferson College students recently brought the eyes of the nation to rest on this 145-year-old school. The students phoned the Czechoslovakian embassy in Washington late one night and offered the services of the “Thomas Jefferson Brigade,” to the Czechs for the purpose of “repelling the invasion of the Huns.”
In the Union ballroom at 3:30, Orchesis, sponsored by WSGA, will give a program of modern dance. Marjorie Starett, will also sing, the Men’s Glee Club will give several selections, and the University orchestra will play. Mortar Board To Pledge Following the program, at 4:30 p. m., the mothers will be entertained at tea in the Union lobby, while Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, will hold its annual pledging. During the evening the University Sing at 6:30 p. m. and crowning of Louise Bain as May Queen at 7:30 will climax the day’s activities, after which there will be a Mothers’ Day mixer in ^he Union ballroom. Tomorrow at 8:30 a. m. breakfast will be served in the Union faculty lounge, Lafayette churches will hold services at 11 a. m., and special tours of the campus will be conducted from the Union Building, beginning at 1 p. m.
They claimed to have raised 200 men and 60 horses. Needless to say, they had not. Next day they were confronted by a telegram signed by the Czechoslovakian embassy, which read: “Offer greatly appreciated. Can you come here to discuss plans?” At first rather bewildered, the pair immediately went to work to raise their regiment, and had little difficulty in obtaining the signatures of nearly 150 other students, most of whom signed up as officers. The group has adopted as their uniform, a blazing red sJiirt, calculated to “enrage and dazzle Hitler.”
What, Where, When?
hAiri
MIDNITE SHOW TONITE 11:30
• One Long Round of Sock * Entertainment from the Saturday Evening Post Thriller by Lucian Cary! THE DUKE COMES BACK WITH
ALLAN LANE
HEATHER ANGEL
'TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE
Mr. Dodd Takes the Air
WITH KiENNY BAKER
International Crime
WITH
ROD LaROCQUE
If your home is your hobbyhorse, see our new Imperial Was/iab/e Wallpapers that are setting the style in home decoration. Hundreds of intriguing patterns and color combinations to make your rooms more beautiful.
Smith-Alsop Lafayette Paint Co.
632 Main St.
Phone 2203
Dear Ed of What, Where, When: The Purdue ed hhs become man-ners-conscious and it’s a step in the right direction. On a campus as much a man’s world as this one is, it is easy for the finer side to be entirely lost sight of. But this is not the case here. Not only are the majority of men polite in small things but a few hypersensitive souls have become small about polite things. There has arisen a cerfain belligerent attitude among these few who wish to be thanked before, after, and during their small acts of courtesy. Most noticeable of these thanks demanders are the grumbling door openers.. These are the men who open doors for women with a very grudging air and stand waiting expectantly for floods of pi’ofuse thanks. I don’t mind thanking people, but I hate being muttered at if in a moment of preoccupation, I forget to say thank you promptly. If courtesy is always expecting spoken gi’atitude, I’d just as soon open my own doors. —A Co-ed.
ARC
-LAST DAY-
OFIHE ROCKIES -A ORAIMD NATIONAL PICTUW
-ALSOTAINTED STALLION” No. 8 -PLUSSCRAPPY CARTON
Starts TOMORROW
Its pictijre of a thoucand thrills' in fsckmsolor^
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licfity
DID YOU KNOW . . . . . . that the WRH girls are entertaining their dates in informal chats on the lawn at the West of the hall. As for the “chat,” we are not sure, but that “informal” stuff is the real McCoy. HELPFUL HINTS Don’t stand in the doorway at 11 o’clock when the “lawn party” breaks up or you’ll be killed in the stampede. PETITION We hereby petition the national chapter of the Halpa Alpha fraternity Yo charter the local H. A. We’ll leave it up to you to pick the members. WE SUGGEST THAT. .. . . . the University place love seats in the oval; this will not only prevent grass-stain but colds. We believe that Doc Miller will back us up in this addition. ALONG THESE LINES . . . . . . why doesn’t Sally McKee write an article on wallcing across the campus after dark? Her topic could be “Whistle While You Walk.” WE OVERHEARD.. . ... a Kappa telling another co-ed about a cricket that has been in the Kappa Bum-Room ever since the house was built. She said that whenever the room is dark, the cricket makes a low oscillatory sound . . . suggested caption for a story: “The Love Life of a Cricket,” or “The Kappa Sigs at Play.” TO THE BLQNDES Here’s to the glorious blondes
‘Great news, Miss Fizbee! One of our men has just claimed this territory for the Whiffle Valve and Whistle Works!”
They will recognize no bonds, Rut will take your dough Then they’ll go, To richer lands beyond.
WE DEDICATE “Sissy” to Tony Ippolito. “Ten Pretty Girls” to the Purdue co-eds. “The Folks Who Live On The Hill” to K.D.R. “Me, Myself, and I” to Sal Palma.
Rolfs To Marry Former University Instructor A. R. Rolfs, of the University English department, recently announced his engagement to Miss Helen Goeppinger, of Boone, la. Miss Goeppinger was formerly an instructor in the home economics art department. The ceremony will take place about the middle of June.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Sido oi Sqore Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
^ ^ A BiAAP MARS
TODAY ONLY
DOORS OPEN AT 11:30 A.M. • COME EARLY Avoid the Night Crowds
Admission lot n ■ 40c } JV
.LEM JITj rj" -
mpfm€/y
fcao/Wi/L STAR^thtSCReeN WB SOUTHLAmi
• On the Screen •
• Stage Shows at •
SALLY EILERS PAUL KELLY
1:15 - 3:30 - 5:40 - 7:55 - 10:10
Last Complete Show
"Nurse From Brooklyn"
At 10.10#■>. I. . ,
r>
Summer Session Section
Purdue Exponent
ScM Session Opens June 16
First Educational Clinic Scheduled For July 11-15
‘‘Are We Prepared for Guidance?’' or. “ What Are Some of the Major Educational Problems that Need Immediate Attention ?” speakers of national note will ask their audiences at the summer session Clinic for Educational Leaders to be held at the University during the week of July 11-16.
Summer Classes To Include Two Safety Teaching Courses
In order to assist Indiana teachers to meet new requirements for safety instruction in public schools, the University is offering two courses in methods of teaching safety during the summer session. One course, an intensive unit course covering three hours per day six days per week, will last for two weeks, June 20 to July 2, and the other course, covering exactly the same field, will be offered over a six week period, starting with the opening of the regular summer session period and ending July 27. The longer course is designed for those who wish to carry additional courses of study. Credit will be given in each course toward graduate or undergraduate degrees. Work By Specialists The work will be presented by specialists from the. regular staff who will be assisted by state and national experts in the safety field giving lectures and demonstrations. In addition to the usual lectures, demonstrations and laboratory sessions, a dual patrol car and an instructor will be available for the afternoon field work in actual driving instruction. At-the end of each course, students will be expected to have a well developed course with necessary references, suggestions for demonstrations, and methods of carrying out experiments.
Instruction will be given in preparation of teaching material for home, school, traffic, occupational and recreational safety. Critical (Continued on page 6)
All-Sfudent Casts Will Present Two Outdoor Dramas
Widely known personages such as Dr. E. S. Conklin, of Indiana University; Dr. E. L. Thorndike, of Columbia University; Dr. J. B. Edmonson of the University of Michigan; Dr. F. T. Spaulding, of Harvard University; Dr. Carleton Washburne, Winnetka, 111., school superintendent; Dr. J. C. Wright, national vocational education assistant commissioner; and Dr. W. E. Peik of the University of Minnesota, will attempt to answer the above and many other related questions in speeches to be made during the clinic. Accommodations During the week of the conference accommodations may be obtained at reasonable rates in both the Men’s Residence Halls and the Women’s Residence Halls. The Clinic has been designed for teachers and educators in Indiana and surrounding territory to give them the opportunity to hear discussion of some of the most pressing and pertinent educational problems of today. Continued on page 4)
Fees For Summer Total 31 Dollars
Fees for the 1938 summer session will total just one dollar more than last summer’s—$31 for the entire period. This includes health service, activities, and recreation costs, but does not provide for laboratory fees and deposits. These vary with the courses and are listed in the University Summer Session Catalog. Intensive, or short courses, are fiat-rated at $6.60 per week, with the exception of the welding, pat-tern-making, foundry, and machine shop course which will cost $27. Late registration will cost an additional fee of $3, while probation and repetition fines will be $16 and $6 per credit hour as in regular semesters. Listeners cards may be obtained for $6 apiece by persons not enrolled-in the summer session, and the special fee for the supervised teaching coui*se Avill be $6.
Matching the popularity of the outdoor sings held in the summer session are the programs of short plays presented on a large stage erected at the north end of RossAde Stadium. Two evenings of allstudent productions, in July and August, will be offered this season to the playgoers who have for three summery Welcomed this form ‘ of entertainment. Increasing crowds have pushed the scene of the outdoor theatre from the court in the rear of the Memorial Union Building to the natural theatre of the stadium. Musical transcriptions, a public address system, between-the-acts entertainment, and specially built scenery make these evenings’ fun of the cream-of-the-crop variety. Last summer an overflow of talent and energy resulted, in addition to the two regular programs, in the production of a short “talkie” made with University equipment and photographed in and about the village of Klondike, north of Lafayette.
Group To Lecture On Scientific Progress
Open To A1L< With participation open to all students enrolled in the summer session the outdoor play program has become a representative activity of high calibre. Three students who appeared in plays last year have (Continued on page 6)
Year Round Education
Again, for the twenty-sixth time, Purdue University, has prepared and now publishes plans for the summer future. These plans have been developed in accordance with the established policies of the institution; first, to widen the door of opportunity for ambitious students; and, second, to increase the worth of the educational and scientific services of the institution, especially to
the people of the state.
The accompanying descriptive outline of the program for the coming summer weeks contains ample evidence of the rich and varied resources of the University for special training and for general education to any and all of those qualified and wanting to become better fitted for the work of the days ahead. No longer does the former distinction between “regular” students and “summer” stu-
Trends Indicate Enrollment of 1300; Four Mixers Scheduled On Social Program
Registration, beginning at 8 a. m. Thursday, June 16, will launch Purdue University’s twenty-sixth Summer Session. Present trends indicate that approximately 1,300 students will enroll, exceeding by 141 the record attendance of 1159 last year. Registration will take place in the Registrar’s office in the Executive Building. The 1938 Summer Session will be under the direction of Dr. Frederic B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology. Nine weeks will be the duration
summer
dents obtain. All who come to the campus with the serious purposes of study, whether in the winter or in the summer, are on a parity. The power of knowledge and the effective use of knowledge are dependent upon the student rather than upon the season. The Summer Session of 1938 will be under the energetic and experienced supervision of Dr. F. B. Knight, the Director of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology. For the most part, the courses of instruction will be in charge of the tested members of the faculty of the University. Thus, the widely recognized standards of accomplishment of Purdue will be insured. Edward C. Elliott. (Reprinted from Summer Session Catalogue)
Session Offers Music, Drama, Dances, Afliletics As Extracurricular Activities
of the majority of courses, although many have been scheduled for sixweek periods, and numerous intensive courses run for even shorter times. The normal load for summer students will be nine credit hours, while special permission must be obtained from the Overload Committee to exceed this limit. Offer Variety of Courses Many regular academic courses will be offered, but these will be supplemented by a great variety of intensive unit courses, short courses, special graduate courses, institutes, clinics and conferences. Numerous intensive cotirses, on greatly diversified subjects, usually lasting three weeks, and requiring three or four hours of class attendance per day six days a week, have been organized. Recreational facilities of the Union and University athletic plant
Continuing the practice inaugurated several years ago, student talent will be generously drawn upon for special summer programs and social events. Notable among these are the four out-of-door programs —two evenings of drama and two of music. ■■
’ Under the direction of Dr. A. H. Monroe and H. Kenn Carmichael, of the speech department, plays will be presented in the Stadium the evenings of July 6 and August 3. Music Director A. P. Stewart will be 4n charge of the two programs of music which will also be rendered in the Stadium. The musical programs will be presented June 29 and July 20. Opening Mixer The opening reception and Mixerwill be held in the Union ballroom Friday evening, June 17. Customary summer pay mixers are scheduled for evenings of July 1, 15, and 29. (Continued on page 6)
will be available to students throughout the summer. Four mixers are scheduled, as well as numerous other social activities. Prof. 0. F. Hall and his student-faculty committee on convocations, social, and recreational activities have arranged “games on the green”, special convocations, musical programs, dramatic presentations, and open forums. Entrance Requirements Since all work done during the summer session is fully accredited by the University, the requirements for admission to the summer period are the same as for the winter Session. These requirements are fully
Prof. O. F. Hall
set forth in the yearly catalog of the University. For the first time advanced degrees in the field of education will be offered by the University. The degrees on which work will be of-fei-ed will include Master of Science in Education, Master of Science in Psychology, and Doctor of Philosophy in Psychology.
Knight To Direct Summer Session
In the interest of the history of science, a group of faculty members have arranged to present, during the course of the summer session, a series of six lectures dealing with scientific progress. For a number of years a small group of University professors have met regularly to discuss science and its history. The new series of lectures is sponsored by these interested staff members and will throw much light on the development of scientific method." Great leaders and the obst?icles which have been overcome will also be discussed. This series of six lectures' will be given on Tuesday evenings in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30. Dukes on Program The opening lec(;ure by Dean R. G. Dukes will sketch with broad strokes the whole panorama of the advance of science down through the ages. Other lectures by Dr. T. E. Mason, Dr. H. H. Remmers, Dr. R. E. Girton, Dr. H. R. Kraybill, and Dr. C. S. Roys will cover the history of particular branches of science, supplying scenes, portraits and other details which will add life and color to the picture. An effort will be made in these lectures to present the subject in such a manner as to enlist general interest.
Behind the scenes, in the capacity of director of the summer school, is Dr. PYederic B. Knight, head of the department of education and applied psychology. A modest, handsome man with a real mustache and already carrying a tan, he would much rather talk about his Iowa farms than his educational accomplishments. Listed by “Who’s Who in America” and “Who’s Who in Literature” as an educator and psychologist, he still
Farm Owner
maintains that he is a farmer at heart. As proof of his agricultural affiliations, Dr. Knight produces a newly framed picture of his 300 acre Iowa livestock farm, and proudly explains that-now, every field is paying its way. “Why my 200 hogs in the feeding lot are the finest bunch of porkers you ever saw . . . and you should see my Hereford cattle. In addition to my feeding steers. I’ve got 20 purebred Hereford cows,” he expoimds. When quizzed further about his summer school, he firmly insists that it is the instructors that should have the recognition, not he. “They are the boyfe that do the work. All I do is sit up here in the Executive Building and see that all things go off as planned,” he modestly maintains. Office Busy But his office is a busy one. A steady row of students and graduates come to his office seeking this or that. Since his arrival at the University last September, his speaking calendar has been an exr ceptionally full one. Now the period of high school commencement engagements is occupying many of his evenings. Dr. Knight came to the University from the University of Iowa. He is the author of several text books and is noted for his work in
Good Business ! Competition is getting stiff! Undergraduates, especially i| they are behind in their workj will'find it good business, good self management, to go to summer schooL Who says that going to school is an eight months job? No other business can take a three months vacation. For a student to shut down his preparation for three and one-half months may not be such good business after all. So we are expecting a growing number of graduate and undergraduate students during tl|e summer. —Dr. Frederic Bw Knight
Five Forums To Be Featured At 1938 Summer Session
Under the leadership of a trained forum leader. Dr. Kirk S. Porter of the State University of Iowa, five forum programs have been arranged for the 1938 summer session. It is the feeling of the summer session administration that students should be given the opportunity to hear the discussion of some of the coimlry’s most pressing problems and to participate in these discussions.
The forums will be held on Monday afternoons. An outstanding speaker will appear for each forum. A discussion panel will bq designated. Both faculty members and students in the University will participate in the panel discussions. Following these prepared panel discussions an opportunity will be given for discussion from the floor.
Eminent Speakers Since, speakers eminently prepared to present their various topics have been chosen, this series of forums should contribute materially to the enjoyment of Pm*due summer session students.
Forum dates, speakers, and their subjects follow: June 20: Professor O. G. Lloyd, Purdue University. •“Farm Finance.” June 27: Dr. Peter Odegard, Ohio State University. “Is .War Inevitable?” ^ July 11: Dr. E. S. Conklin, Indiana University. “We are Not Yet Prepared for Guidance.” July 18: Di*. Helen Dwight Reid, University of Buffalo. “Democracy vs. Dictatorship.” July 25: Dr. George Gallup, American InstRute of Public Opinion. “Can Public Opinion be Measured?”
the application of psychology to industry. A native of Massachusetts, he holds degrees from Boston, Harvard, and Columbia Universities. Definitely a friendly and interesting man with an unusual record behind him. Dr. Knight says that he has an opening for two young men who would like to do soil conservation work. “It’s not the livestock farm that needs the attention, but another 480 acre farm, also in Iowa, that demands some conservation,” he explains.
Health Service To Remain Open
Insuring students nine weeks of healthy study, the University Health Service will again be kept in operation during the summer school period this year under the direction of Dr. Sayers J. Miller. Medical and infirmary privileges ai e included in the $31 summer session fee, and the Pharmacy School Drugstore wilj fill prescriptions free of charge during sdiool hours. Physical examinations as required by the P.E. departments wUl be given, and swimming certificates issued on the basis of, them. Students who wish complete,examinations for their own pm-poses will be able to get this service for a charge. Hospital Charges Hospital charges up to $10 will be paid lj>y the University from tJie initial health fee, while expenses above this amount must be met by the student. Office hom's for the Health Service do,ctors and technieians will be from 8 a. m. to 4 p, m. on weekdays, and from 8 a. m. to noon Satuidays. Treatment will be given in the Service’s Executive Building offices when possible, but will be referred to specialists if necessary without further ol^aHon to tlM' University.1
i
SummeJL
THE PUBDUE EXPOMENT
SoMWfL
Saturday, May 7, 1938
Staff Directors Arrange Attractive Program For Summer Convocations
University Upholds Policy "-Provides Three Religious Services; Dignitaries On Convo Bill An attractive program of convocation speakers has been arranged for the 1938 summer session. Classes will be dismissed for these sessions in order that the student body may attend. Most of these programs will appear sometime during the day.
Reherioiis con% ocations have not been o\erlooked. In keeping with the Unneisity policy of providing lehariou*^ convocations, thiee such meetings foi woiship have been planned foi the sumiiiei session Bishop Edwin H. Hughes, Washington, D C , has been secuied to speak June 26. Rabbi David Jacobson wnll speak at the July 17th convocation The speaker foi the thud, lepiesenting the Catholic faith, wnll be
announced latei.
Convocation Speakers Speakers on the legulai Univeisity convocation piogiam include Dean W. C Coffey, of the University of Minnesota; Di. John G Kidd, of the Rockefellei Institute of Medical Research, and Di. W E. Eckblaw, of Clark University. Definite dates have been announced for the appearance of three other speakers. Dean Dexter Kimball, of Cornell Univeisity, will speak July 5. On July 12, Dr. E. L. Thorndike, of Columbia University, will appear here and Gene Tunney is schedjuled foi July 14.
Convo Speaker
Haggard Will Teach Education Philosophy W W. Haggard, Superintendent of the Joliet Township High School, Joliet, Illinois, will serve on the summer session staff as the instructor who will deve'lop “A Working Philosophy ol Education” with elemental y school teachers em oiled in the intensive unit couise in social
science
Dr. Haggaid is one of the outstanding public school men in the United States. All his experience has been in connection with public school work; therefore, he has been chosen to deal with the “Philosophy of Education” problem.
Dean Dexter S. Kimball, head of engineering at Cornell University for many years and recently retired, will appear on the University campus again this summer.
Fleldbuse Tank To Afford Provisions For Daily Swimiing Facilities foi swimming, the almost universal spoit of hot weather days, wull be amply piovided for the enjoyment of summer school students. The Memoiial Gym pool will be clc^sed foi lemodeling, but the Fieldhouse tank will be open daily. Although the final schedule has not been woiked out as yet, two daily mixed swim peiiods of one and one-half hours each will be included, with othei peiiods foi separate swimming. For the seventeenth consecutive year “Chief” Clevett will conduct his daily swimming instruction classes for local childien. According to “Chief,” there are usually ovei 200 youngsters who take advantage of these classes. Life saving instiuction foi both men and women will be offeied each Monday, Wednesday, and F'riday at 4 o’clock. Vocitional Ag Teachers Plan Conference Here The 24th annual conference for teachers of vocational agriculture will be held on the campus June 20 to 24. Vocational teachers from thioughout the state will attend the conference to be brought up to date in the information which they are called upon to present. Special lectures on farm management subjects as well as discussions by staff members from other departments in the school of agriculture and from the extension department will be given
Educational Clinic--(Continued from page 3) Other subjects to be discussed include: “What Shall We Do About Pressure Groups?”, “What Changes Are Pending or Should Be Initiated in the Elementary School, and in the Secondary School?”, “What Are New Opportunities and New Services for Vocational Education?”, and “Why the Essentialist Movement in Education?”. Will Present Explanations In conjunction with the Clinic the Educational Policies Commission of the National Education Assocjiation will hold a conference in Indiana this summer, A number of speakers appearing at the Clinic will take part in the conference and will present explanations of the work of the Commission. The Commission has for the last couple of years conducted a number of conferences in various universities, but this is the first to be scheduled in an Indiana university.
Symmer Session Calendar June 16—8 a. m. Registration. June 17—7 a. m Class and Instructional work begins June 17—Reception and free mixer in Union. June 20—Ruial Leadership School begins, June 20—Prof. O. G. Lloyd will lead forum on “Farm Finance”. June 20—Conference for teachers of vocational agriculture begins. June 22—Industrial Personnel Institute begins. June 24—Conference for teachers of vocational agriculture ends. June 25—Industrial Personnel Institute ends. June 26—Bishop Edwin H. Hughes will speak at leligid^us convocation. June 27—Dr. Peter Odegard will lead forum on “Is War Inevitable’” June 29—Musical program in Stadium. June 30—Games on the Green. July 1—Annual Rural Leadership School ends July 1—Mixer in Union ballroom. July 4—Independence Day—Holiday July 5—Dean Dexter Kimball of Cornell will speak at convocation July 6—Play to be presented in Stadium. July 7—Games on the Green. July 11—Clinic for educational leaders begins. July 11—Dr. E. S. Conklin will lead forum on “We Are Not Yet Piepared
for Guidance”.
July 12—Di. E. L. Thorndike will speak at convocation. July 15—4:30 p. m. Graduate Theses due—candidates for August, 1938 July 15—Mixer. July 17—Rabbi David Jacobson will speak at religious convocation. July 16—Clinic for educational leaders ends. July 18—Dr. Helen Reid will lead forum on “Democracy vs. Dictatorship”. July 20—Music program in Stadium. July 21—Games on the Green. July 25—Dr. George Gallup will lead forum on “Can Public Opinion Be
Measured?”
July 29—Mixer. Aug. 3—Play to be presented in Stadium. Aug, 4—Games on the Green. Aug. 13—12 noon—Baccalaureate theses due—candida^s, August, 1938. Aug. 13—6 p. m. Summer Session ends.
Jovial GeorgeDavis Assists Dr. Knight In Administration Assisting Dr, F. B. Knight in his summer school work is robust, jovial. Dr. George E, Davis, a member of the University staff since last October. When not busy with the summer school Dr, Davis takes care of the University teacher placement bureau as its director. Like Dr. Knight, he is a native of Iowa and did both graduate and undergraduate w<^rk at the University of Iowa. Experience with teachers was gained in his 16 years in high school woik. At the time he came to the University, he was acting as principal of the senior high school at Keokuk, la. Dr. Davis secretly confessed that candy making holds a deep fascination for him “as my architectural design might indicate,” he chuckled. His interest in hobbies Was manifest in the subject which he chose for his doctor’s thesis, namely, “The Prevalence of Hobbies and their Educational Significance.” For himself, he has seasonal hobbies and thinks that any problem is a hobby until it is solved. First choice among the things he likes to do in his off-time is to do wood work in his own wood working shop Pyckeft To Direct Two Sumier Courses R. C. Puckett, principal of the Bloom Township High School, Chicago Heights, Illinois, comes to the summer session faculty as a teacher of two courses: high school supervision and extracurricular activities in the secondary school. Dr. Puckett was previously principal of the Bosse High School, Evansville, Indiana. He was later assistant superintendent of schools in charge of high schools at Toledo, Ohio. For a number of years Dr, Puckett was a member of the State University of Iowa Summer Session staff and was one of their most popular teachers. Thoroughly familiar with the fields in which he is teaching, he has become noted for the practical emphasis he places on his instructional work.
“It is probably the prevailing conservatism of our colleges and universities which is in large part responsible for then reputation for radicalism. Far fiom being red, or even liberal, they are, on the whole, strongholds of conservatism and important agencies in maintaining the status quo.” University of Michigan’s President Alexander Ruthven believes this conservatism should “give grave concern to each person interested in human welfare.”
Residence Hall for Women will be open for summer session women. You will find everything you need in this summer home. Comfortable, well-equipped study and sleeping rooms—Cool, inviting lounges—Beautiful recreation and game rooms— Ample bathroom facilities, with hot and cold water—^Laundry facilities, electric washer and irons—Shampoo room—Sewing room. The Residence Hall for Women Meets Your Needs ^ Single rooms $32.00 for the full session (Shorter 8e88ion at correspondingly reasonable rates. For further information call or write the director of the Halls.)
Graduate School Will Offer Three New Advanced Degrees In Field Of Education Forty-four percent of all of the graduate students taking work in the University last year were registered in the 1937 summer session. Total graduate school enrollment for last year was 546 students. Of the 242 graduate summer school students last year, 156 took summer work only. Graduate courses are offered in the summer session in agriculture, engineering, home economics, pharmacy, biology, chemistry, physics, mathematics, economics, English, history, modern languages, education, psychology, and physical education. Because undergraduate enrollment is smaller, laboratories and libraries
Farm Management Offers New Courses New to the University summer session aie two intensive unit courses which will be offered by the farm management depai’tment, M. C. Wilson, of the United States Depaitment of Agriculture, will be on the campus June 13 to July 2 to direct'a special couise in extension organization, programs, and projects. Invitation has been extended county agents and extension leaders of Ohio, Kentucky, and Michigan, as well as Indiana, to enroll in this course. Enrollment is limited to 50 students. Wilson is an extension specialist who is in charge of extension studies and teaching methods. Special Course Offered Also offered to county agents and especially agriculture teachers is a special course in agricultural prices coming at the same time. Under the direction of Prof. E. L. Butz, students will meet four hours a day for SIX days a week for the period. This course is designed to answei questions on prices of farm products, time to stock feed lots, sell fat stock, sell and store grains, etc. With the material presented here, those taking the course should be able to understand and forecast ceitain basic price movements.
are not so crowded, and many graduate students take advantage of the summer term to do research, reading, and special problem work. Special Teacher Work Of special interest to teachers planning graduate work this summer are the three new degrees now available; Master of Science in Education, Master of Science in Psychology, and Doctor of Philosophy with major in psychology. Teachers interested in sound preparation for any of the more commonly taught subjects in the high school and for educational leadership in general will work for the degree of Master of Science in Education. Requirements for first-grade licenses are amply met. Teachers and supervisors in any of the various vocational subjects will find an adequate program of studies. Those desiring training for special work in education, psychological testing and guidance, personnel in school and industry will work toward the degree of Master of Science in Psychology. A considerable number of graduate students are not working for higher degrees. Members of this group may register for any courses which their previous training qualifies them to pursue.
Intellectual progress note: Temple University undergraduates beat their faculty elders in a spelling bee. The final score; student errors, 22; faculty errors, 29.
HOT?
Come in and enjoy your meals in our cool dining room. The food is superb, served in quiet and cool surround-
ings
VL CoL
onia
Phone 2464
626 Columbia St.
FIFTY CENTS will TIE YOU and THE CAAAPUS Deac's, Southworth's or the Union Desk will take your subscription now. S • the Summer Session
Purdue Exponent^0
7 tf-\~
Soturday/ May 7, 1938
Summsk,
THE PORDUE EXPONENT
SsMwn,
Safety Specialist
Fiel^ousc, Epipment Available For Summer
Chief' Clevett To Feature Athletic Games On Green' Featuring “Games on the Green” for the fourth year of summer school, “Chief” Clevett and the Intramural department are planning an Intramural sports program especially designed to
include events of interest to all.
One evening every two weeks will be devoted to the “Games,” which are to be held on Varsity Field north of the Fieldhouse. Running from 6 to 8 o’clock, they will include such sports as badminton, volleyball, ping pong, and others suited for mixed participation. An open swim m the Fieldhouse pool afterwards will wind up activities. Tennis Tourneys Two all-campus tennis tournaments are being scheduled—singles and mixed doubles. Winners in both tourneys will receive awards. Swimming, spotlighted as usual during the summer months, will be featured by an all-campus swimming meet. The meet promises to be somewhat out ofi the ordinary as far as spectator interest goes, as several interesting novelty races and demonstrations are being arranged.
2,0M Farm Bureau Men To Attend Training Schooi Two thousa(id Farm Bureau leaders from midwestern states are expected to attend the Midwest Training School here at the University July 17 to 21, according to Farm Bureau authorities. Governor M. Clifford Townsend is scheduled to appear on the program as guest speaker on at least one occasion. This ^training school is held each summer for workers in farm organization and is sponsored by the American Farm Bureau Federation. Among the subjects which will be discussed are “Organization Activities,” “Membership,” and “Youth.”
l^otLef ON HER DAY May We Suggest DINNER AT HUTTON’S CAFE 410 Ferry
Joseph L. Lingo, safety specialist, who will have an active part in the teaching of the safety course. Risiiig To Teach Visual Eiucition Purdue, this summer, will offer a 3-weeks (July 6-27 inclusive) intensive course in the application of visual aids to more effective teaching, under the direction of Professor Justuk Rising, chairman of the University committee for visual aids. Since the use of audio-visual aids IS intended to overcome the defects of verbalistic methods, it is appropriate in conducting a class in the use of audio-visual aids that verbalism be reduced to a minimum, and that laboratory methods which will permit of a liberal use of audiovisual aids be employed. Present plans call for a conference type of instruction in which all members of the class will be assigned parts in accordance with their training and experience. There will be a discussion of principles involved in the use of each audio-visual aid, followed by demonstration lessons in a variety of subjects at various grade levels. There will be a comparative study of the relative effectiveness of different audio-visual aicfe for any given subject at a particular grade level.
Co-eds Arrange For Summer Golf^ Swimmings Tennis Co-ed sports activities during the summer session will include tennis, swimming and golf, it was announced recently by Miss Russell, who will be acting head of the department of Physical Education for Women during the nine weeks of summer school. The co-eds will officially move into their new quarters in Memorial Gym on June 1,’ and will conduct all their summer school activities from there. The Memorial Gym pool will not be used during the summer, since it is planned to remodel it at that time. Co-eds will swim in the Fieldhouse pool, sharing it with the men students. Co-ed swimming classes will be conducted daily at 2 o’clock. Flora Thyrston Will Teach Home Ec Course Miss Flora M. Thurston, Cornell University professor of family life, will be on the University campus two weeks this summer, June 17 to July 2, to direct a special intensive course in “The Philosophy of Family Education,” under the auspices of the home economics school. The course will include lectures, discussions, and seminars on problems of the personal and social development of home economics teachers, the relation of contemporary culture and community life to individual and family welfare, and the development of the secondary curriculum to include instruction relat-
ing to family life.
Graduate students may receive two hours of credit or by staying an additional week may complete
the third credit hour.
Convo Program To Feature Thorndike Dr. E. L. Thorndike, of Columbia University, author of numerous textbooks, whose-name is familiar to Purdue students and millions of others because of his texts, will appear at the University on July 12 as the convocation speaker for summer session students. Dr. Thorndike will arrive here on the 11th and is scheduled for an informal discussion that evening with his formal convocation address the following morning in Eliza Fowler Hall.
To Maintain Checkout Service; Making Complete Sports Program Available To Ail Summer school students this year will have at their disposal the most complete and best-equipped sports program ever offered during any summer session. The Fieldhouse, together with all of its equipment, will be open for daily use. An equipment checkout service — ,
will be made available this summer
SUMMER s COOL
You may not become an student at summer school but your chance to become ‘"^distinguished^’ will be greatly increased . . . we’ll make your car distinguished, too.
Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048
525 Alabama Street
for the first time. This service will be similar to that maintained during the winter months, with all necessary apparatus for eight sports on hand. The eight sports will include archery, badminton, svnmming, golf, teimis, volleyball, ping pong and horseshoes. No Checkout Till Afternohn The Fieldhouse will be open from 8 o’clock in the morning until 9 o’clock every night. However, the checkout service will not be opened until afternoon, continuing through until closing time at night. Nevertheless, students may use the gym whether the checkout window is open or not. Diversified use will be made of Varsity Field, the enclosed field north of the Fieldhouse. The baseball diamond will be put to its intended use by the summer school team. Archery ranges may also be set up, but they will probably be established on Intramural Field, where they are placed during the regular season. Golf Equipment Available Golf equipment, including clu’bs and balls, will be available, for use either on Intramural Field or on local golf courses. “Chief” Clevett, director of summer school sports, plans to keep golfers off of Varsity Field. The tennis courts, so much in demand last summer, will again be in use, under the ^ame plan as used previously; that is, with the regular reservation setup. The clay courts, which were closed last summer, may be opened this year if plans under way at the present for obtaining funds for their maintenance are carried out. Baseball Squad In accordance with former years a summer school baseball squad will be formed. It will be run in much the same way as any varsity team, with a captain, managers, trainers, and regular workouts. Several games with neighboring nines are already being tentatively scheduled. Teams such as the Ross Camp nine. Buck Creek, Delphi, and CCC will be included on the schedule. Another feature available for the first time this year will be equipment for use on picnics. Since the checkout service was not open in previous years it was impossible to supply such apparatus, but this summer numerous sports paraphernalia for use on outings and excursions will be available to students and townspeople alike. Library Facilities To Be Available Daily University Library facilities will be available during the summer session between the hours of 7 a. m. and 8 p. m. on Mondays through Fridays, and from 7 a. m. to 5 p. m. on Batuz’days. Departmental libraries however, will be open during the usual working day or at hours specified by the departments. For the first time library science courses will be offered this summer, with all the class and home work being done in the University Library. Rural Leaders Will Meet Here June 20 To July 1 Rural leaders will again convene at the University this summer for the annual course in rural leadership. Date for the school this year is from Monday, June 20, to Friday evening, July 1. Under the leadership of Pi*of. O. F. Hall of the division of education and applied psychology, a group of able speakers will be brought here to discuss problems of current importance to the group. This short coux’se has an appeal to all Hoosiers who now hold or hope to assume positions of x‘ural leadership in suburban and agricultural areas.
“Good English is that which will pass current in any part of the English speaking world, will please cultivated listeners and will not disclose too much native or geographical origins,” This new definition of Northwestern University's Ralph Dennis is a speech standardixer.
%\ Mi
PEW To Begin Summer Intensive Course in Modern Dance June 16 Modern Dance will be the subject material for a new three week intensive course in Physical Education for Women to be offered during the summer session this year, under the direction of Miss Helen Knight. Planned primarily for teachers, the course will also be open to graduate students. The course will be divided into three parts: dance fundamentals; principles and practice of dance composition; and rhythymic approach to tap, social, and folk dancing. Each part will offer one credit, making a total of three credit hours for the entire course. Classes in the course will begin June 16 and continue to July 7. Swimming and tennis courses will be offered this summer, giving University credit; while teachers’ courses will be given to qualify teachers for health and physical education licenses. Speech Department To Offer Six New Courses Six new summer courses in speech will be available for students and teachers attending the 1938 Summer Session. A lectui’e course titled Modern Speech Correction Practices will be offered during the first three weeks as an intensive unit short course. In this course, students will hear lectures by nationally prominent speech patholo^ gists. A special study will be made of similarities and differences in the theory and practice of speech correction as employed in American speech clinics. A course titled “Speech Correction” win be offered during the first six weeks of the summer session. In this course, students will study the causes and treatment of speech defects common among nurseryschool, elementary, secondary, and college students. Problems related to lisping, foreign dialects, peculiar voice qualities, cleft palate, hard of hearing, and stuttering will receive special emphasis. Clinical Methods A special course titled “Clinical Methods in Speech Correction” will deal with the diagnosis and treatment of speech defective public school children and adults. This six weeks course will enable the students to obtain supervised practice in the Purdue-Speech Clinic. Both of these courses will be offered during regular summer session class
hours.
A seminar course in the “Psychology of Speech Education” will be offered for a six weeks period in which a study of the psychological problems underlying the process of speech education will be studied. A practical application of cm-rent knowledge about such things as habit, memory, emotional disturbance and the thinking process will be made to high school and college teaching. Graduate Research Graduate students interested in conducting individual research upon such problems as the measurement of audience paction, voice sciencci speech pathology, and the phonetic and rhetorical structure of speech may register in a special course. Research Problems in Speech, for three, six, or nine weeks.
''^41$junumh.
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
SoAAhm.
Saturday. May 7, 1938
Exponent Will Publish Eleven Summer Editions
Session Offers-
(Continued fiom page 3)
Undei the leadeiship ot Pi of M L Clevett and Helen Hazelton, “Games on the Gieen” will be featuied on the afternoons of June 30, July 7, July 21, and August 4 These games will be played on the open space just noith of the Fieldhouse S'VMmming loi both men and women will be offeied five nights each week duiing the houis 7 30 to 9 o’clock These activites aie undei the dilection of membeis of the summer session committee on con\ ocations, social and lecneational activities. Both student and faculty members aie represented on this committee Pi of O F Hall IS committee chairman
Safety Teaching--(Continued fiom page 8) analyses of content mateiial in safety education will be assem bled and leviewed and the tiaffic and school pioblem will be studied intensively The couise will be administered by Pi of A Swope of the education stalf, with the assistance of Joseph L Lingo, safety specialist. Miss Marian Telford of New Yoik City, lepicsenting the National Safety Council, and Dr F R Nofsinger, of Washington, D C , repiesenting the Ameiican Automobile Association
Outdoor Dramas(Continued fiom page 3) since assumed impoitant roles in wintei productions, and many men and women, tiained in the dramatic season of the legular session, con tiibute their skills to the summer events Students in the present session who plan to attend school during the summer months are urged to leave their names at the Playshop office in Eliza Fowler Hall if they wish to get in on the ground floor of the dramatic activity this sum mer. Managers and duectois will be appointed during registration and the first plays will go into pioduc tion on the second day of classes H. Kenn Carmichael of the speech staff will be on the campus to su pervise the program and relate it to the work of the students in play production classes
All Residence Halls To Open For Summer Both men’s and women’s residence halls wall remain open for the summer session this year, both charging $32 foi rooms for the nine
weeks period
Applications for rooms in the womens halls should be made to the Director of Women’s Residence Halls while application for lesi dence in the Cary Halls should be mailed to the Manager of Cary
Halls
Both these lesidence hall systems will be available for short periods of time to accommodate those at tending special conferences during the summer session For rates write to the above mentioned Directors Both men’s and women’s halls are readily accessible to the campus Cary Halls are directly across the street from the Fieldhouse while the Women’s Halls are but two blocks from the main campus Particular ly attractive in the summer are the broad lawns and numerous shade trees at the Women’s Residence
Halls
Papers To Be Distributed To Campus Buildings Speaker-Bishop Free Of Charge; Subscriptions Priced At $.50 For the second time in the histoFy of the University, the Exponent, will be published during the coming summer months. Under the editorial direction of Exponent Editor R. P. Manion and business leadership of Business Manager D C Miller, 11
summer editions will be published. Publication schedule calls for the appearance of the first paper on the day of regrstiation, June 16 Papers will come out on Tuesday and Frr day foi the following two weeks, then will be published but once a week for the remainder of the session Regular Exponent day will be Thursday following the irregulai
itv of the first tw o weeks
Papers Free
As was the practice last summer, papers will be distributed to sum mer session students free of charge Papers, on the mornings of issue, may be obtained at various build mgs about the campus Out of town subscriptions for all of the summer papers may be secured at 50 cents per subscription In addition to complete campus coverage and news of happenings in and about Lafayette, the paper will cany news of various summer camps, written by special Exponent correspondents who aie attending the camps Camp coverage will include activities of Purdue ROT C students at Camp Knox, news of the forestry camp at Henryville, and notes on Ross Camp for civil engi-
neers
Manion and Miller will be assisted on the paper by R R Hensler, present local advertising manager, and H I Stanback, present associate
edito .
University Offers 48 Intensive Unit Courses Forty-eight intensive unit courses, lasting from one to three weeks each, and especially designed for those who cannot attend the full nine weeks, will be given at the University during the annual summer session which will open June 16 and close August 13 We have planned more of these intensive courses than ever before because they help meet the needs of teachers especially who wish to take one or two subjects and still do not wish to spend the full eight weeks in study, said Dr F B Knight, director of the summer session The unit couises will cover a wide variety of subjects in education, m engineering, agriculture, physical education, home economics, and science, and credit toward a bachelor or graduate degree will be given for those successfully completing the work
Agriculture
Special Couise in Teaching Farm Shop
Special Course in Teaching Farm Machinery Repairing
Official Methods of Seed Testing
Forage Crops
Agricultural Puces Advanced Poultry Problems
Engineering
Chemical Engineering Laboratory July 22-August 22 Intensive Couises in Gas and Electric Welding, Patternmaking,
Foundry Practice and Machine-Tool Operation
Free-Hand Sketching
Water Color, Outdoor Sketching
Visual Aids in Education Home Economics
Alt Problems
Special Problems Reading in Poods Seminar in Foods and Nutrition
Special Problems
Seminar in Home Administration Research in Home Administiation
June 13-25
June 27-July 9
July 6-23
June 13-July 2 June 13-Jply 2 June 20-July 9
June 16-July 6 June 16-July 6
July 6-27
Institution Equipment
Institution Organization and Management Seminar in Institution Economics
Science
Field Botany
Directed Reading Dramatic Production in School and Community Radio Program Planning and Production Modern Speech-Correction Practice Research Problems in Speech
Solid Geometry
June 16-July 6 June 16-July 6 June 16-July 6
July 6-27 July 6-27
June 16-July 6, July 6 27 June 16-July 6, July 6 27
July 6-27
July 27-August 13 July 6-27, July 27-August 13
June 16-July 6 June 16-July 6 June 16-July 6 June 16-July 6 June 16—July 6 June 16-July 6
August 19-September 9
Teache^-’^ Course rn Demonstration and Lecture Technique July 6-27 Newer knowledge ju^e 16-July 6 Content and Methods of High School Physics July 27-August 13 Seminar for College Teachers of Physics July 16-July 6
Physical Education For Men
Organization and Administrat’n of Leisure-Time Activities June 16-July 6 Administration of Physical Education July 5-23
Physical Education For Women
Dance Fundamentals June 16-July 6
Education And Applied Psychology
Foreman-Conference Leadership Tiaining June 16-July 6 Curriculum Organizatioh foi Automobile Mechanics July 6-27 Industiial and Educational Co-ordination July 6-27 Special Methods in Teaching Supei vised Faim Piactice July 6-23
Special methods in Pait Time and Evening School Woik in
Vocational Agiicultuie June 13—July 2 Special Methods in Job Analysis in Vocational Agricultuie June 13-July 2 Leadeiship foi Ruial Youth June 13-July 2 Seminar in Home Economics Education June 16 July 6 Oiganudtion of Instiuct'n Mateiials foi Safety Education June 20-July 2 Basis of Curricula Detei mination in Five-Year Plans. June 13—July 2
Union To Open To All Summer
Facilities Students
Purdue’s Memorial Union Building ivill continue this summer to live up to its reputation of being “The Corner of the Campus —^Yet the Center of Activity” with all its many facilities and recreational opportunities available and open for student and faculty use.
Edwin Holt Hughes
Edwin Holt Hughes To Speak At Convo One of the headline speakers to be heard here this summer as the first religious convocation speaker of the summer session will be Bishop Edwin Holt Hughes, of Washington, D C , the senior bishop of the Methodist Chuich He will appear heie the afternoon of June
26th
Bishop Hughes, who served some years as piesident of DePauw University, was located in Chicago for some time since he has become a bishop During his years of service in Methodist circles he has spoken in all parts of Indiana as well as practically every state and he enjoys a wide reputation as a foiceful, witty speakei His place on the convocation program promises to be a leal addition to an already at
ti active schedule
WBAA To Continue Broadcast Schedule In Summer Months Purdue’s radio station, WBAA, and the speech department will cooperate this summer to prdvide training and practice experience for students interested in planning and presenting radio programs WBAA will be in operation during the entire summer on its regular program hours. With the staff of students announcers the general program plan will be under the immediate direction of Gilbeit D Williams, program diiector of the station In addition to directing the summer piogiams for the station, Williams will offer a course in “Radio Speech and Program Technique” designed piimarily for undergradu ates desirous of piactice and tram mg m the studio This course is of fered as a result of numerous re quests made last summer foi the introduction of such a program of training Paiticipation m the pro grams of WBAA and position^ as announcers will not be limited to students enrolled m this class how ever Program Planning An intensive unit course m “Progiam Planning and Production” will be offered again this year by Miss Blanche Young, supervisor of radio education in the public schools of Indianapolis Miss Young has been a contributoi to the Ohio School of the Air and was associated with the New York University Radio Work Shop m 1936 Last yeai this thiee weeks course attracted a number of teacheis and superintendents, as well as persons associated with Chambers of Commerce and business organizations who aie concerned with the plan nmg and pioduction of educational and commercial progiam features Seveial of the features worked out m this course have been broadcast duiing the past year The program facilities of WBAA will be available for the broadcasting of the bettei featmes prepared by those enrolled in this course WBAA Directors Geneial program policy of Station WBAA IS under the supervision of the University Radio Committee, of which Piofessor W A Knapp is chairman, and the technical operation of the station is under the dilect supeivision of Professor C F Harding, head of the electrical en gmeeimg school Dr. George Gallup Coming To Campus For July 25 Forum Dr Geoige Gallup founder, organizer, and director of the American Institute of Public Opinion, whose features and surveys appear weekly in many of the nation’s newspapers, will appear at the University on the regular forum program July 26. Dr. Gallup has perfected a technique for measuring public opinion and it IS these methods that he will defend in the open discussion entitled “Can Public Opinion Be Measured’” Gallup ha^s developed this piactical use of social statistics to* the point where it is receiving nation wide recognition In the last presidential election, his predictions were correct for each state His poll of voters, though in almost diiect contradiction to that of the Literary Digest, proved to be the corect one Middlewesterner Gallup IS a middlewesterner who leceived his doctor’s degree at the University of Iowa under the duect supervision of Di F B Knight, now diiector of the summer session Says Dr Knight, “Gallup is an inteiesting, capable speaker and his foium heie should be of interest to many.
As in foi mer summer sessions, the informality that invades the campus with the coming of Jiot weather will prevail in the halls and lounges of the Union The music room and the browsing room will open for students desiring to enjoy the best in music and literatuie, both light and classical Open For Business Bowling alleys, the Grill, the Sweetshop and the cafeteria will all be open for summer school business, as will be the billiard and game rooms. In short, the Union in summer will offer students the same services and opportunities regulaily enjoyed during the fall and spring semesters. Working in coopeiation with Professor 0 F Hall’s student-faculty committee on Convocations, Social and Recreational Activities, the Union will begin the summer social season with a free reception and dance Friday, June 17 Get-Acquainted Dance Refieshments and entertainments will begin the evening, then a free get acquainted dance will continue till midnight No dates or tickets will be necessaiy foi any summer school students A mixer is slated for the evening of July 1, and at least two other mixers will be arranged and scheduled later. Tea dances, afternoon receptions and the like may be aianged and scheduled later
Offer Summer Work For.FirstTime In response to many requests from school superintendents and teachers, the University Speech Clinic will offer summer work for the first time this year. Public school teacheis, speech correction ists, school nurses, and special teachers will have the opportunity to obtain training and experience in the treatment of both children and adults who manifest speech defects of all types Those registei - ing for the summer program will receive actual clinical practice under supervision by regular staff clinicians Children’s Clinic A Children’s Clinic will be con ducted during the first six weeks of the summer session Each teacher enrolled for the Clinic Internship may bring a school child with a speech disorder for free diagnosis and treatment A special recreational program is being planned both for the teachers and children taking work at the Clinic this sum-
mer.
Three speech correction courses for credit toward a graduate degree will be available for those enrolled Teachers may take a special three weeks’ intensive unit course or the regulai six weeks courses Lectures Lectures will be given by Dr. G Oscar Russell, director of the speech clinic at Ohio State University, Di C. T Simon, director of the speech clinic at Northwestern University, Di Chailes Van Ripei, director of the speech clinic at Western State Teachers College, Dr C M. Wise, professoi of phonetics at Louisiana State University, and Dr. Joseph Tiffin, former director of the voice science laboratory at Brpoklyn College Di’. M D Steer, director of the Purdue Speech Clinic, and the regulai clinic staff will be available for the summer piogiam
Men—make Cary Hall your summer home. Live in cool, comfortable surroundings that are conducive to good study. In your spare moments, you can go swimming or play tennis; the fieldhouse is just across the street. Make your reservation now— Call or address Manager, Cary Hall $32.00 for full summer session (room only) You won’t mind the hot summer if you live in ?(aU,Saturday. May 7, 1938
THEPUBDUE
§p^1-A.
EXPONENT
Diamondmen Face Leading
Bredewater Seeks Third Straight Big Ten Win Against Chicago Today
MAmnnc Trackmen Compete In Four-Way Meet This Afternoon
In an effort to i&trengthen Purdue’s grip on a place well up in the first division, Arnold Bredewater, ace hurler, will be sent to the mound here this afternoon as the Boilermakers meet Chicago’s Big Ten baseball leaders. Bredewater, who already has victories over Minnesota and Michigan to his credit and has allowed only two runs in 24 innings, will make an effort to halt the victory march of the Maroons, who opened their bid for conference supremacy with a double triumph over Wisconsin. Coach Fehring was considerably “
DePauw Noses Out Purdue Tennis Team, 5-4, In Close Match
54 Men Get Blanket Awards
DePauw University’s tennis team kept the Boilermaker squad in its losing streak yesterday afternoon by capturing the match played on the Purdue courts, 5 to 4.
A total of 64 “P” blankets have been awarded to the senior Purdue men who have at some time during their career won an award in some branch of athletics. The large black blankets with the gold block “P” near the center have been given to 31 major and 23 minor sports men.
By B. D. Witwer Purdue’s varsity track squad boarded a bus this morning at 6:30 and headed for Dyche Stadium where it will meet Northwestern, Pittsburgh, and Minnesota in a quadrangular track meet this afternoon, which will find the Boilermakers hojieful of taking second-place honors.
disturbed yesterday over an ankle injury which Jimmy Thompson, veteran shortstop, suffered Thursday as he slip into second base during practice. Tentative plans were made to move Tom Dickinson to shortstop from center field and send Bud Stemm to center. Amundson, the Maroon’s star pitcher, will be on the mound to cause the Purdue hitters no end of trouble. In a previous game with Wisconsin, he pitched a two-hit game.
University Has 69th Birthday
Although no ceremonies were held and most students were ignorant of the fact, yesterday was the 69th anniversary of the founding of the University.
The singles matches tended with each team taking three. Gardner, playing-in the number two position for the Boilermakers, dropped a three-set match to Morgan of DePauw, after reaching match point several times. Blitz won in straight sets over Gordon, Brodsky won in three sets over Remley, and Mann took a straight set victory from Coons for the Purdue singles victor-
Williams Returns From Radio Educattion Session
Ed k. Wc
WBAA Program Director Gilbert Dunbar Williams returned to the campus Thursday after attending a three-day convention for education by radio at Ohio State University,
Columbus, O.
Among the nationally famous persons attending the conference was Dr. James B. Angell, formerly president of Yale University and now educational counselor for national broadcasting.
It was on May 6,1869 that the Indiana General Assembly adopted a measure accepting a donation of $200,000 and 150 acres of land from John Purdue and other citizens of Tippecanoe county. The assembly decreed that the University be situated in the town of Chauncey, what is now West Lafayette. It also provided that the University should be known as Purdue University, since most of the donation had been provided by John Purdue.
One In Doubles Brodsky and Jackson ^!^on the only point in the doubles matches for Purdue with a three-set victory over Remley and Coons. ^
The following men received major “P” blankets which were given at the mixer last Saturday night: A. G. Botney, T. H. Breslin, E. S. Cummins, W. E. Curran, L. W. Decker, R. G. DeLong, R. P. Paris, W. H. Fifield, J. P. Fitzgerald, J. E. Goory, A. R. Grant, V. T. Holloway, Cecil Isbell, W. W. Knorr, H. G. Krause, C. E. Kukalaski, R, N. Lemen, P. D. Malaska, C. E. Mangas, D. F. Powell, L. R. Shilling, M. A. Schreyer, R. E. Selby, J. E. Shideler, J. Sines, C. H. Terhune, J. L. Waling, C. J. Woltman, J. I. Young, J. E. Zachary, and J. A. Bruce.
Prof. Muriel McFarland Speaks Ai High School Tea
It was not until almost five years later that the students first attended the University—in March, 1874. The next fall the University opened on September 16 with a student body of 65, a faculty of 6, and three buildings.
Prof. Muriel G. McFarland, of the department of education and applied psychology, spoke yesterday afternoon in Lowell, where she addressed guests at the mother-daugh-ter tea sponsored annually by the home economics and physical education departments of Lowell High School.
The following have been awarded minor “P” blankets: V. W. Antuschko, E. N. Cox, P. B. Ewing, Karl Freese, R, A. Fuller, L. K. Gardner, J. W. Greiner, R. C. Hoffman, G. K. Kerber, K. M. linn, J. G. Lucek, J. S. McWilliams, R. P. Manion, R. L. Matthews; R. E. Mxmtz, W. H. Reynolds, L. K. Schoon, J. W. Seaborg, L. C. Sellers, F. Taylor, J. R. VanDelester, M. T. Wakefield, and W. B. Wolverton.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE SUMMER EXPONENT
Pittsburgh is generally conceded to have first place all sewed up by virtue of a formidable array of track stars headed by Johnny Woodruff, Olympic 800-meter champion. Purdue Second Yesterday afternoon, Homer Allen, frosh track coach, said that he and the Varsity Coach, Hermon Phillips, had figured out that Purdue stands a very good chance of finishing up in front of Northwestern and Minnesota if the Boilermaker team turns in the same type of performance that it has all season. Pitt has a team which is studded with stars, but lacks balance in the distance runs and some of the field • events. Purdue has its greatest strength in the distances and has power in some of the other events which will give the Riveters a strong bid for points, so that from all pre-meet appearances, these two teams are slated to carry off a topheavy portion of the places in the various events. Boilermaker Hopes Lemen, Knapp, and Bodeau are Purdue’s best bets. It will lie on Knapp, however, to take advantage of the other teams’ weaknesses in the mile and two mile and to pile up points for his alnfia mater. Lemen should again carry off first place in the low hurdles and Bodeau is slated to beat all of the field except Woodruff in the half mile. Northwestern has two good 440yard dash men and a pole vaulter.
and Minnesota bases its strength on its field event men and Roger Vernon, a sprinter. Their squads are not well enough balanced, liowever, to be dire threats to Pittsburgh and Purdue. '
Panther Star...
PORTRAIT and COMMERCIAL PHOTOGRAPHY
HINEA'S
634 Main Street 8 and 16 mm. Eastman Movie Cameras Kodak Miniature Cameras, A Complete Line of Phdto Supplies For the Amateur
domni i\]QQDRUFF - Pnr S6o
. . . 440-yard ace and Olympic 800-meter champion, who will carry Pitt’s colors in today’s quadrangular meet with Purdue, Northwestern and Minnesota.
League Standings NA'nONAL LEAGUE
Every Good Baker Admires Graves Bread
They're all amazed, they can't see haw we do it — well, we know, but we won't tell. All we con do is give you a hint. We u^ the best and that means the best of everything, ffom flour to yeast. If you wont the bread that really gives you the most tasty goodness, insist on Graves.
Graves’ quality Bakery Phono 3852 124Skrte.W.L “Catering to Fraternities and Sororitiet^
New York
Won Lost Pet. 14 3 .823
Chicago
.... 12
6
.666
Pittsburgh
10
7
.588
Cincinnati ..1
9
9
.500
Boston
6
7
.461
St. Louis
6
10,
.375
Brooklyn
6
11’
.352
Philadelphia
3
13
.187
Yesterday’s Results^ Chicago, 9; Boston, 3. New York, 11; Pittsburgh, 7. Cincinnati, 10; Brooklyn, 3. St. Louis, 4; Philadelphia, 3.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Cleveland
Won Lost . 12 5
Pet. .705
New York
. 12
7
.631
Washington
.. 11
7
.611
Boston
... 9
8
.529
Chicago
... 7
8
.466
Detroit
... 7
10
.411V
Philadelphia
.... 5
11
.312
St. Louis
... 6
12
.294
Yesterday’s Results Cleveland, 4; Philadelphia, 1. Nw York-Detroit (no game). Washington, 4; Chicago, 3. Boston, 7; St Louis, S.
COMFORT
combined with
STYLE
Hot weather is here! Have you laid in a supply of comfortable wash slacks which you can wear either on busy days or lazy days and still feel well-dressed? We have a good supply of men's summer slacks which are just what you need now and all summer long. Come in and look them over.
224 Main St.
$1.48 $J.98 I Reliable Clothing Co
224 Main SL
Roast of Quality
A dish that's fit for a king-—a choice of the beat cuts cd meat. If you've ever asked us to choose such a roast for you from our high grade meats you know what enjoytoent it brings to a dinner. Why not have one for this week end?
CITY MEAT & POULTRY MARKET ^ 220 N. THIBD PHONE 5372
R V,
'i’1 ‘ -V
Sp
' lh'i-■pppp
3toaxL (Mil
THE PURDUE iEXPONENT
TlatkoA,
Saturday, May 7, 1938
University Notices
N* Accepted After 8 p. m.
Purdue Christian Foundation 9:16—^The student class instead of meeting'as usual at the Church will meet at 126 South Grant street and will go as a group to the Mothers’ Day service at Fowler Hall. Immediately after this hour members of the class will go to the Christian Church with their parents, who will be honored at this service. 10:40—Morning worship at the Christian Church. 6:00—Vespers hour at the Christian Church. 6:30—Young peoples discussion hour. Mrs. Frank King will talk on “Motherhood Tomorrow.” 7:30—Evening worship.
visiting mothers at the Wesley Foundation. 9:30—Sunday school: Men at the church, co-eds at the Foundation House. 10:40—Morning Worship at the West Lafayette Methodist church. 6:00—Fellowship supper at the Foundation House. 6:30—University Epworth League: Leader Jim Ludberg, “Looking Forward.” 8:00—“No Foreign War” mass meeting at Jefferson High School. Speaker, Dr. C. D. W. Hildebrand of DePauW University.
St. John’s Episcopal 10:45—^Bishop J. M. Francis will administer the Rite of Confirmation and deliver the sermon at the morning service. 6:00—Young people’s fellowship hour.
Methodist Students 8:30—Breakfast for students and
Central Presbyterian 9:30—Dr. Graves will continue the discussion of “The New Society.” 10:46—Morning Worship. Dr. W. R Graham will preach. His theme will be “A Mother’s Concern.” The choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will sing “Jerusalem, O Turn Ye,” from Gallia, by Gounod. There will be no meeting of the Sunday Evening Club.
—Today— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:16—“Don’t Listen.” 11:30—^High School Guest Program. 12:00—Market Reports. 12:16—Malcolm Miller, pianist. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Tune Time, Charles Powell. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—Motheis’ Day Program. 2’00—Chicasro vs Puidue, baseball Concert Band Will Play At University Clinb Picnic Mai king the final event of the school yeai foi the Univeisity Club, a picnic will be held Monday at the home of Mi and Mis R. B. Stewart, at Westwood. Starting at 4:30 and continuing until 5:30 the University Concert Band will play. Supper will be served at 5:30. In case that inclement weather prevails, the picnic will be held on Tuesday.
Industrial, Personnel Leaders Meet Here June 22 Personnel and industrial leaders will assemble at the University June 22 to 25 for the annual Industrial Personnel Institute. Conference theme this year will be the organization, evaluation, and projection of personnel and training programs in large and small companies. Particular emphasis will be placed on the description of actual personnel and training functions. This program is held under the direction of the University personnel service in cooperation with the extension department, the department of trades and industries, and the Indiana Personnel Association. The institute is held principally for directors of personnel and industrial relations, training directors, and all other personnel workers in industry and business, employment offices, and schools. Frosty Fields . . . . . . graduate physical education student, will take over new duties for the rest of the school year in assisting Hermon Phillips and Homer Allen with the managing of Purdue’s track men.
YOU'LL BE SATISFIED ALL SUMMER WITH
C
Phone 4081
Strictly for SUMMERHere are the cool, comfortable sport shirts you men love for play and loafing. Patterned for action — and complete ease when you relax. Crow neck collars and short sleeves in the new stripes and colors to please any man's fancy.
89c
Sports Slacks. A fine selection of the new styles that afford you every color and pattern together with light weight. BALTIMORE MEN'S SHOP
TYPEWRITERS — AiUBng machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. G. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR RENT — During summer session; light rooms, single beds. 21 N. Salisbury. Phone 36413.
Union WofKers: it is very important that all workers who have any time off Saturday, May 7, get In touch with us immediately. —JACOBSON, MATTHEWS.
may purchase chepille tm«iera!« if she wish. If any one Is interested, call 28S6 and make arrangements With me before Wednesday, May 11, to pay for them. —CHRISTENSON.
BARGAIN REPOSESSIONS FOR CASH—NO TRADES— 1936 Pontiac 6 coach, 1936 Chevrolet coach, 1934 Chevrolet Sedan Delivery, 1932 Ford V-8 Tudor, 1930 Ford Coupe, 5 tube mantle radio. Phone 7964 or 61063.
FOR RENT—One nice room and bath. Phone Mrs. Elkins 76881.
Gimlet: Pledges and actives meet at the Sif^ma Phi Epsilon house Monday, May 9. at 9 p. m. for initiation. —BROWN.
WANTED—Two girls or man and wife to occupy a large clean room in quiet pleasant home. 224 Sheetz, West Lafayette.
, $86 WORTH OP CAMERA—and equipment for $56. Korelle Reflex F-36 lens, focal plane shutter, and miscellaneous equipment. Call 41641 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. Leave name and phone.
EXCELLENT ROOMS — And board for men. Adequate showers. Mrs. Dray, 40 N. Salisbury. Phone 2670.
WAA Numerals: Any girl who has been awarded numerals for WAA class teams,
TO INSTRUCTORS — Desirable rooms for rent during summer and fall sessions. 212 Wiggins.
Aiipoirt dance Committee: Pleas^meet at 7:16 in tower room of the Union, Wednesday, May 11. —MORGAN.
Ulider Clnb: Joint meeting with Flying Club at 7:30, Wednesday, May 11, in tower room of Union. All members please be present. —MOORE.
Flying Club: Joint meeting with Glider Club at 7:80 p. m. in tower room of the Union Wednesday, May 11. —DOSTAL.
SUMMER ROOMS—Across from Union Building. Continuous hot water. 415 State. Phone 6784.
FOR RENT—Single or double rooms, one block from campus for summer session. Phone 76183.
THREE NICE ROOMS—For the summer session. Prices reasonable. Phone Mrs. Cassady, 2904.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Informal and formal initiation and election of officers, room 320, Chemistry Building, Tuesday, May 10, at 7 p. m. —SANOERS.
FOR RENT—Student rooms for summer. 127 Sylvia. Phone 65692,
Tau Beta Pi: All pledge essays must be turned in by Tuesday, May 10. —MUSHAM.
ROOMS—For Summer Students. Have several large airy rooms. Hot water at all times. Priced reasonable. 1028 State street. Phone 7014.
ROOMS — For summer school. Near the campus. Neat, comfortable. 437 Vine Street,
ROOM AND BOARD—For summer students. Single or double. 429 Wood street.
Xi Sigma Pi: All members who wish to order keys or pins communicate with me at once. Pasunent at time of ordering is necessary.
(5-10)
—BLINE.
FOR RENT — Desirable front room for summer session. 112 W. Wood. Telephone 66752.
COOL ROOMS—Near campus. Summer rates. Phone 3201.
FOR RENT—Rooms for summer students. Opposite Union Building. Also apartments. 128 North Grant. Phone 2640.
FOR RENT—Cool rooms with single beds. Continuous hot water. 5 Waldron. Telephone 2671.
ROOM AND BOARD—For summer session students. 301 State. Telephone 4271.
Concert Choir: Be ready to go into ballroom at 1:10 p m Saturday, May 7. —WORCESTER Union Workers: All workers who can get cars, repoit to east entrance of the Union Building at 2:20 Saturday, May 7, with them. Very important —MILLHOLLAND.
TYPING—Theses, term papers, etc. Reasonable rates. Elise Duncan, 148 South Grant. Phone 56182.
DESIRABLE ROOMS—For the summer school students. 212 Wiggins.
FOR RENT—Rooms in a desirable home. Special rates for the summer. 224 Waldron. Phone 66832.
Students With Cars: All students who have cars, if possible, please report to east entrance of Union Building at 2:20 Saturday May 7, to take mothers on annual campus tour —MILLHOLLAND
Catalyst Pledges: Initiation tee must be paid on or before Wednesday, May 11. —PETRY.
FOR RENT—8 room furnished house one block from campus, June 16 to August 15. Call 61163.
WILL PERSON—Who found the brown leather sports coat in Purdue Hall 311, April 29, please call Jim Hebbeler, 46784. Reward.
ROOMS FOR RENT—For summer session. Inner-spring mattresses. Phone 35931.
Lawn Mowers, / Sprinklers, Fertilizer, Seeds, Hose smmMmm 822 Main St.
Special on Military Uniforms
Complete Uniform Cleaned and Pressed
70
Leave at State and Vine or call 4073 for Delivery
riNE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
Make Mother’s Day More Pleasant
•with—
Chamberlin's Ice Cream Call Your Favorite Dealer
THIEME & WAN6ERIN CO.
622-626 Main Street
Exceptional Good Buys!
Princess "Durelle" Slips By "Her Majesty" In crepes, satins and taffetas — all high count silk fabrics —— laboratory tested for shrinkage, tensile strength, color fastness and seams. Sizes 32 to 44. 2 Lengths Medium and Short
$1.98
Smart New Hand Bags, Just Arrived! "Sac-de-Pearl" in white — that wash perfectly . . . beaded purses in whites, pastels and Mexican . . . Leather bags — both plain and patent — in navy, black, British Tan, mulberry, green. Price Range $1.98 to $5.00
• Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• B@@ksfores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. BEESSim SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student • Profctsioiiai The Risk Dental ClhiSe DK. PAUL A. KSSK DR. MAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
DR, A. M. miON DENTIST 119y2 Vine West Lafayette Phono 4965
• Florist
Dorner's Flower Shop (Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phono 6050
Printing
SERVICE r^RINTING
P
Office SUIIoncry. . Wedding Invliitlont
PHONE ~ ’ * • 2 62 8 CASSEL’S donFERRV
• Hardware
Edgerion Hdwe. Inc. for Your Cleaning Needs Sander for Rent • Shoe Repair BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop te tlM VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R.C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
• Locksmith
‘‘C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph 2291 State-Main, W. L.