ifn ifg^
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Rain somewhat colder today; tomorrow fair and warmer.
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY December 3, 1938 Lafayette, bidioiia
Vol. 50
No. 69
fi
Campus Varieties WillBe Aired From Union At 3 Today This afternoon at 3 o’clock, Campus Varieties returns to the air over WBAA after an absence of three weeks, originating from room 1 and 2 of the Union Building. The program will feature the suave swing of Bud Bryant and his orchestra with Jo Friend, the Vest Pocket Venus of Song. The orchestra will play theme songs of the name bands, an idea that proved very popular when used at the mixer follow-
ing the Indiana game.
Russ Mock, the man of a thousand fingers, will again be playing some of his distinctive piano arrangements. Along with Russ will be Bob Smith, Pat Heine, Bennie Burns, Ervin Underwood, Ed Scrap-
apalis and others.
Starting this week, Campus Varieties will be on the air every Saturday afternoon as it was last year. WBAA officials invite the student body to attend the broadcasts. Program officials are starting an intensive search for new talent on the campus. All types of talent are wanted including script writers, male and female vocalists, comedy teams, single comedians, trios, quartets, whistlers, impersonators, and players of solo instruments including specialties and novelties. WBAA urges everyone interested to call 6076, and leave their name, phone number, and what they are
interested in doing.
Mixer Ma. estro
Irv Given will wield his baton tonight when Irvan Maurys’ band plays for the regular Saturday'dollar mixer in the Union ballroom. Dancing will continue from 9 until midnight. Dean Stratton To Express Views On Life Philosophy Dean of Women Dorothy Stratton will speak before the student group at Central Presbyterian Church tomorrow morning at 9:30. She will present her conception of “A Working Philosophy of Life.” Dean Stratton is the fourth speaker discussing this topic in a series. She will be followed on successive Sunday mornings by Dr. F. B. Knight and Dean R. G. Dukes.
Wells Will Relate African Oddities At Convo Monday Man would reach an average height of 54 feet if he exceeded the normal 'size at the same rate plant life does in the Mountains of the Moon. In this land of pre-historic splendor parsley attains a height of nine feet and heather grows to 50 feet. Perhaps if such giants lived in the mountains Carveth Wells would not be here at Monday night’s convocation to relate his experiences in this secluded section of Africa. Lowell Thomas, radio commentator, has the following to say of Wells, “Some people have a flair, a genius, or should we say a mania, for seeing the odd, the furious, and the cockeyed. Take for instance, that roving Britisher, with a wild sense of humor, Carveth Wells.” Wells will speak on his experiences in the Mountains of the Moon at the fifth University convocation Monday night at 8 p. m. in Memorial Gymnasium. All students will be admitted upon presentation of their passports.
Debaters Will Hear Round Table Talk
Writer...
Expert...
Economist...
. . . Percy Holmes Boynton, critic of American literature, is one of the most popular of the University of Chicago Round Table speakers.
... in international law. Professor Quincy Wright is a firm believer in democracy and will lend his views to today’s Round Table discussion.
weUersienninate Qhio State Wins Decision
Over Purdue Debate Team
Annual Conference With 576 Registered Registering in Michael Golden Shops Thursday and Friday of this week, 576 welders attended the fourteenth annual welding conference held at the University. A discussion of “Unionmelt,” a new welding process introduced to the world six weeks ago in Detroit, was taken up at the closing meeting of the conference yesterday after-
noon.
The talk, “Unionmelt Welding,” was made by W. B. Browning, process service engineer, Linde Air Products Co., Chicago. He described this new method of welding plates three and four inches in thickness together. Over 12f displays arranged by exhibitors included a mechanical man showing the safety procedure in welding, demonstrations of cutting cast iron, welding aluminum, metal spray, and welding cast iron. Camera Club Photo Exhibit Opens Today Opening this afternoon at 1 o’clock and continuing through Friday, an exhibit of amateur photographs will be shown in the Union music room by the Purdue Camera Club. Sixty-five prints were submitted Tdesday, and Wednesday evening judges selected best prints in the various classifications. The judges were Prof. Schantz-Hansen, head of the department of applied design, and Paul Tanco, ^ocal photographer. Entrants were divided in two groups, advanced amateur and amt ateur. The former are those who have exhibited prints in similar contests, either here or elsewhere; the latter, those who have not. Contest judges chose “Arches” by J. C. Osborn the best print of the exhibit.
Ohio State’s negative debating team won over the Purdue affirmative yesterday afternoon ih a Big Ten contest before 800 visiting high school debaters in Fowler Hall. Resolved: “That the United States —————
sin spoke on “Education And the
Modern World.”
should establish an alliance with Great Britain” was the question discussed. Sasser and Rittenhouse supported the affirmative for Purdue, while Grigsby and Shapiro of
Ohio took the negative.
R. B. Stewart, University Controller, presided. The critique was given by Carroll P. Lahman of Western State Teachers’ College.
Sasser Calls For Alliance
Sasser contended that there was a need for an alliance because of the rising power of the Fascist nations served as a threat to democracy. Grigsby asserted that there was no particular threat to the
United States.
The debate hinged on whether or not the United States should assume the responsibility of protecting weaker nations from the growing threat of fascism. In giving his critique, Lahman commended all speakers on their manner of presentation and the bits of humor that enlivened the discussion. Ohio was given the edge on the basis of better organization and constructive argument. The debate was at the first general session of the High School Debate Conference. Registration of approximately 800 delegates was completed yesterday morning. Banquet In Ballroom Following the debate, a capacity crowd-of 650 attended a banquet in the Union ballroom. Dean Frank 0. Holt of the University of Wiscon-
Speech Educator...
Masked Dancers Lambeth Walk To Gaiety As Co-eds, Chosen Men Attend WA A Ball
By Janet Pickering “I’m sure that’s Betty,” we say as a couple of masked but familiar figures glide by. “Who is that?” We eagerly ask our date. All around the ballroom masked couples are dancing to the strains of Bud Bryant’s sophisticated swing. They dance beneath a backdrop that bears two Shakespearian masks; one of tragedy, the other of comedy. The event—the WAA Masked Ball; the place—^the Union Ballroom; the time—last night. “Looks like fun,” we say and start dancing. Our conversation is muffled as we are engulfed in a shower of confetti. Someone hidden by a
mask has dumped a bag of confetti down our backs. We toss a serpentine. Other colorful streamers are swinging through the air from couple to couple. “I’ve always wanted to do that dance,” we overhear someone confess. Miss Helen Knight of the physical education department soon has everybody “doin’ the Lambeth Walk.” More novelties too; a Paul Jones and some other dances in which everyone switches partnets. Going out the door, we hum the tune ‘'After the Ball is Over” as we see satisfied looks on the faces of the co-eds and their chosen dancing partners.
... Dr. Ray E. Immel, dean of the school of speech of the University of Southern California, who will speak in the faculty lounge for this morning’s session of the coaches of high school debaters at 8 o’clock.
“The economic, social, and political order of the day is a game,” said Holt. “In order to play the game properly, we must learn to think, to acquire accurate information, and to express ourselves well.” Holt stressed the part forensic activities play in this program. L. S. Winch awarded the annual attendance trophy to North Side of Fort Wayne for the second consecutive time. Prof. P. E. Lull, conference chairman, served as toastmaster. Following the banquet, a prevue of “Dracula” was seen by the visitors. Pilots To Show Skill At Flying Club Meet Pilots will contest for honors in spot landing and bomb dropping at the Purdue Plying Club meet at the Airport tomorrow afternoon. The meet, which is open to all pilots with a solo rating or higher, will begin at 1 o’clock. Contestants will be scored on the various events, and the three with the highest total points will be given prizes. Events will include spot landing into the wind from 500 feet with the throttle cut, spot landing from 1,000 feet and making a 180degree turn into the wind after the throttle is closed, and the dropping of dummy bombs at a target on the ground from an altitude of not less than 500 feet. Judges of the contests will be Prof. K. D. Wood, J. Liston, and Capt. L. D. Aretz. Starter will be Ray Chevedden; scores, R. Kimball, and C. A. Reising; linemen, R. N. Schneblin, L. M. Rothrock, and R. C. White. Alpha Lambda Delia Plans New Scholarship Fund A scholarship fund was planned by Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman co-ed scholastic honorary, at a meeting Thursday night. In order to raise money a card party will be given in the Union faculty lounge at 2 p. m. Saturday, December 10. Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women and sponsor of Alpha Lambda Delta, has approved the plan, and tickets for the card party will go on sale Monday.
Maynard C. Krueger has studied his economics both here and abroad. Krueger will give the economic implications of an alliance with Great Britain, at today’s Round Table dis-
PIA Invites Visiting Debaters To Attend Tea Dance Today^ Delegates to the Indiana High School Debaters’ Conference are invited to attend the PIA tea dance in the Union bafiroom from 3 to 5:30 o’clock this afternoon. All girl debaters and also all University co-eds will be admitted free to the dance, which will feature a stag line. PIA membership cards are good for admission to members of the organization, while non-mem-bers, organized men, and male debaters must pay ten cents to enter. Prof. P. E. Lull last night warned visiting debaters against forfeiting their scheduled 3 to 4 o’clock debates. PIA President Don Wells will introduce candidates on the Progressive Party—^political group supported by the Independent students —to the dancers during intermission. Recordings will furnish the music at this tea dance, the fourth of the year sponsored by PIA. Forestry Seniors Insped Ohio County Game Reserve Inspection last week of the Wood County (Ohio) game reserve proved instructive for a group of forestry seniors enrolled in game management. John C. Kase, instructor in wild life management, was in charge of the trip. Highlight of the trip was the post-hunting season census drive conducted by the group under the direction of Daniel Reedy, research fellow at Ohio State University. During two drives in the Liberty Township state game refuge a total of 1,800 ringneck pheasants were driven from cover.
Uniyersity Of Chicago Speakers To Discuss British Aliiance Today The University of Chicago Round Table, famous for its weekly NBC broadcasts on current topics,, holds the spotlight today in the 9th annual Indiana High School Debate Conference. At 10 o’clock this morning, visiting debaters will hear a discussion of their high school debate question in Eliza Fowler Hall. University students will be admitted if they present their passports. A discussion from the floor will follow the Round Table.
The forming of an alliance with Great Britain will be the subject. Dr. Robert Phillips of the department of history will preside. U. of C. Speakers Professor Percy Holmes Boynton, Maynard C. Krueger, and Quincy Wright of the University of Chicago are the speakers. Each has often appeared on the NBC broadcast. No script is used in the discussion, which is strictly informal and extemporaneous. Boynton is an authority in the field of American literature. Some of his better known books are “Some Contemporary Americans,” and “The Rediscovery of the Frontier.” ^ Wright is a professor of international law. He has taught at Tsing Hua University in Peiping and at the College of International Studies at Geneva. Ki'ueger is from the department of economics. He is co-author of the “Economics Question Book,” and has made a hobby of politics. Began In 1931 The Round Table began as an experiment in 1931 at the University of Chicago. The spontaneous nature of the program immediately caught the imagination, of the public, and today is carried weekly by a nation-wide hook-up. At 8 o’clock this morning Dr. Ray K. Immel, dean of the school of speech of the University of Southern California, will speak at a coaches’ session in the faculty lounge. He will speak on the subject “From Contests to High School Classes in Speech.” Robert Horn of the University Speech staff will also take part in the discussion. Debaters To Tour Campus A tour of the campus for the visiting debaters is in store for this morning. They will see the Fieldhouse, WJBAA, the Locomotive Museum, and other points of interest. The afternoon will be given over to practice debates. The conference closes this evening.
High School Debaters Jam Union Building; Express Keen Enthusiasm For Conference By Jim McKee '
High school debaters took over the campus yesterday about noon and will be here until 5 o’clock today. About 800 registered for the
two-day session.
At 1 o'clock yesterday Sam Marks interviewed coaches and debaters for WBAA. Eva Thompson, of LaPorte, said, “The conference is better organized and more practical for the debaters. The critiques give them more knowledge of the subject and more about their delivery.”
Plenty of Debaters
Before the first session, the Pur-due-Ohio State debate, the Union sweet shop, grill, bowling alleys and billiard rooms were full of spectators. Purdue students were pushed from chairs in the lounges. Thelma Smiley, of Lebanon seated on one of the sofas reading one of
the free Exponents gave us a debaters insight on the session. “It’s my first year of debate and the conference. I think the main idea is to give the debaters more material on
the question.”
Fort Wayne Is Here Dick Warner, of South Side, Fort Wa3me, is one of the 112 high school students here from Fort Wayne. His school sent 47. “We don’t have any debate at South Side, but we do have a lot of speech work. It’s my fii’st conference here,” he con-
cluded.
Another Fort Wayne debater, Margaret Ann Fellows, was here last year as a freshman. “It’s my second year here. This debate (Pur-due-Ohio State) will be a good opportunity to get some good notes on the question,” she hopefully ended om* short interview.M
(I
£dijt&daL
THE FUBDDE EXPONENT
J’SedWtoA,
Saturday, December 3, 1938
Hampered By Size... . . . and infrequent meetings, the Fraternity President’s Council has scarcely been able to show enough concrete results in the last several years to justify its existence. Besides sponsoring a dance, arranging for kids’ Christmas parties, and backing intramural athletics the Council has had very little to do. Meeting only once a month, it has necessarily had to entrust its work to several small committees. These committees, like so many others, have quite generally been lacking in enthusiasm, ability, and results. The fault has not been so much with the members as with the organization of the Council. It IS beyond reason to expect results from a large group that meets only eight or nine times a year. As stated on last year’s activity chart the Council’s main work is “investigation to prove that the additional money needed to hold fraternal membership is invested to good advantage.” That at one time might have been the most necessary work, but right now it seems almost superfluous on this campus. Many other more important needs are waiting for attention. Purdue’s administration, as opposed to those of some other schools, is interested in fraternities and their well-being. The recent appointment of Dr. Frederick Scheuch is ample proof of that. University officials, however, are wondering when the fraternities will begin to discuss problems of relations be■^een houses and the school. Living And Study... . . conditions in the average University chapter house are not what they should be. In many cases there are too many students per study room. Dorms are overcrowded, unheated, and generally unhealthy. Food is of a cheaper grade than that served at residence halls and at some boarding houses and cafeterias. F’raternity men have the advantage of plenty^ of living room and recreation space, but they are proportionately crowded elsewhere. At other universities, freshmen are required to live in dormitories or approved rooming places — they may not move into chapter houses until the second year. While Purdue’s present dorm system could not hold enough first year men for that plan, there is a chance for it in the future. For several reasons this might be advantageous to the fraternities. First, it would relieve crowding. Second, it would better the houses financially. Third, it would give time for deferred and more scientific pledging. The problem of housing is one which the Council might well spend some of their efforts considering. When students can better their living conditions and live more cheaply by moving out of chapter houses, fraternities must depend on social advantages to hold their members. This is a serious situation and it will become worse as Purdue grows in size. Fraternity Finances... . . . are not in as good condition as they might be. There may be a chance to render fraternities a valuable service by organizing a cheap, reliable. Council-sponsored auditing system. Building and paying for new houses also presents a problem. At present each fraternity must deal with these things individually, With Council sponsorship, a little combined brainpower might be turned toward the solutions. Probably the most important tangible project the Council may take up this year will be Fraternity Week. Last year plans were partially drawn up and University approval granted for this program. That leaves the Council the task of working out a myriad of details and formulating a schedule for the Week’s proceedings. So far a committee of seven has been appointed to take care of this work—but they have not yet had their first meeting. For a successful Fraternity Week it will be necessary to get faculty cooperation so that tests will not be given during the period. This can possibly be done if it is arranged early — but instructors will resent being asked to change their teaching schedule at the last minute. Council Rules... . . . concerning initiation of scholastically poor students are too lax . . . and are being carelessly enforced. Net result of this is that fraternities are initiating students who will later drag down the house grade averages. Fraternities through the Council might con-
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the x>oat office in Lafajrette, Indiana, under the act of Concreas of March 8, 1879, and at Uie special rate of pestacs jKorided for m section 1108, act of Oetoher 8, 1817, anthonaed Januatr 20, 1022 Pnblished daily except Monday duriap the retpilar academic year and weekly dunns the Summer Session Deliyered locaUy by earner for $8 M per year, mail subscription $8 (0
Editor-In-Chief Business Managrer
H. I. Stanback . R. R. Hensler
PUBUCATION STAFF Manapiiur Editor _ _ „ L. S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Xailsy Associate Editors 6 W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, S B. Insley, W A. Kroeplin, D G. Tenio, J C Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Basinsss Hhuiaccr Local AdTertlsiny Manacer Circulation Manager .. ■ales Manager _ Matmaal Adyertising Manager _ Accounts Manager _ Art Director _ — _
M. C. Reeres
» Jk M. Antonini
_ W. F. Berg
_ y. Daugherty
_H. W. Nerin W B. Smith
D J Henninger
SPORTS STAFF
Editor^ ~ - ~ . Associate Elditors
Mtor Associate Editors
R. L. McDonald J. A Hebfocder, R. Jenkina, R JT. Deckard
CO-ED STAFF
Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Cteorgann Schilling, BetW Wiekard
KDITORIAL OFFKR
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind Phone 4006, ask for Ex^Beni Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafay^de, Indiana
Phone 6088
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Pnrdne UniTersity. All spinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student c^ilivions, and do not necessarily coincide with the •ffieial UniTersity Tiewpoint. All unsigned editorlala are written by the editor-ln-ddsd REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York N Y Chicago Boston Los Angeles - san fdancisco
Night Editor
-Terno Issue Editor—Ganzar Saturday, December 3, 1938
Today...
... we have pointed out a few of the things the Fraternity President’s Council might do if it had the time and talent. We realize that this is sadly lacking now, so in Tuesday’s paper we will propose a possible solution. In today’s column we have (just barely scratched the surface of the prolflems. The things we mentioned and hundreds more will continue to come up year after year . . . unless some group digs in and goes to work on them. We hope the Council can take on at least part of this responsibility.
High School Debaters Pre-View 'Dratula' Eight hundred high school debaters and coaches saw a preview of Playshop’s “Dracula” last night m Eliza Fowler Hall Students who hold season tickets may still reserve seats next week, as the Fowler Hall office is open from 8 to 6 daily except Saturday and Sunday. Single admission tick-
ets are available at 75 cents each Count Dracula is portiayed by Jack Armitage, a newcomer to the Playshop ranks, opposed by Fred Ahrens as resourceful Van Helsing A veteran supporting staif included Gil Devore, Pat Heme, Joe Martin, Bob Schlendorf, Bennie Bums, and Beverlie Rice Curtain opens on the first performance of a four day run Wednesday at 7:30 p. m. Thursday the play will also start at 7:30, while curtain time will be 8 o’clock Friday and Saturday.
Kitchen To Explain Endocrine Therapy Dr D K. Kitchen, of Parke Davis and Company, Detroit, Mich., will explain “The Present Status of Endocrine Theiapy” m room 311 of the Pharmacy Building Wednesday at 7 30 p. m Dr. Kitchen, wellknown for his work on hormones and endocrine glands, will show slides and pictures in developing his subject.
fer with University officials concerning the possibility of having orientation tests given to high school seniors who expect to attend Purdue. With the data from these orientation tests, fraternities could pledge with more reliable knowledge as to scholastic ability. At present, freshmen are blindly pledged because they seem to be “good boys.” Later on, after they are good friends of all the brothers, it is next to impossible to reject them from initiation because of doubtful grades. Cary Hall rules against pledging are becoming troublesome now that fraternities are crowded. Chapters find it hard to save room for the Cary Hall boys they could pledge in the spring. Consequently, fraternities lose good men to Cary Halls and many fraternityminded men in the Halls are deprived of the chance to pledge. Some better arrangement might well be worked out by the Council. This Year... . . . one fraternity on the campus inaugurated a program of pledge training to be used in addition to regular pledge duties. Chapter members wrote an informative pamphlet about traditions and fraternity life. Leaders of campus activities were brought into the house to tell the freshmen about the extracurricular opportunities at Purdue. Some hazing was replaced by this training course, and a better spirit was built up among the pledges. Consequently, all these pledges have the jump on freshmen from other houses—^they “know what the score is.” That is one of the best activities we have ever seen for any particular fraternity and we can safely predict it will pay big dividends . . . but if it was taken as a Council activity for all houses it would be just thirty-six times as valuable. Combine this activities counseling with scholastic advice and the freshmen will get the break fraternities have never before given them. Proof that fraternity freshmen do suffer because of pledge duties is the fact that fraternity freshmen consistently make the lowest grade averages of all.
Ma’iN
STARTS MIDNITE TONIGHT 11:30
TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE WALKING DOWN BROADWAY With Claire Trevor — Michael Whalen —- Plus — TROUBLE AT MIDNIGHT
GRIN AND BEAR H
^By Liditir
SINCE BOTTLE . . . . . EDWARDS has PEGGY DAVIS dated up until Christmas, it looks as if we might see her in the Debris Beauty Contest. What has happened to TED CABONARGI*' SINCE DON . . . . SAMUELSON has his face cured we hope that he’ll watch out where he puts his face. With that tape off your face maybe you can swing 'that date problem rtow. SPEAKING OF ABSENT ... ... minded professors. Prof. Shreve of the chemical engineering school spoke for 10 minutes m an 8 o’clock last Friday on a subject unknown to the class. Bewildered looks went from one student to another. FINALLY A QUESTION .. . . on a reference gave the show away The Prof, had the wrong textbook and thought he was in a different class. STUDENTS—WE ... ... had an elopement on the campus. It was SYLVIA BACKUS and VANCE ISELMAN They weren’t satisfied to just elope, so they went all the way to California to tie the knot. TALK ABOUT ACTIVITY . . . . we really get it around this dump Did you ever see so many drop eyed jows and wide eyes m all your stuff ” If it isn’t one thing its a convention. WHO WAS THAT . . . . . nice looking filly that POWELL had at the WAA??? Could it be possible, she wasn’t an import—^if not she should have been Just a disappointed import, eh POWELL ’ THE CROWD THAT . . . was formed on Stuait Field last night was a few of the eds that got shafted by th’ good ol’ Chi “0” SOI Ol ity We wonder where the i est of the eds were that got the shaft from the other co-eds.
fes'r'W if 4..
%
‘The winters ain’t what they used to be, Culpepper!”
Circuit Judge Will Discuss 'Juvenile Delinquency' Lynn Parkinson, Lafayette circuit judge will speak on “Juvenile Delinquency” before the Chiistian Endeavor group at the Lafayette Christian Church tomoiiow The meeting will be held at 6 30 p. m. at the church, Sixth and North streets.
Rev Barton Hunter invites all I students to attend this open discussion. Prof. Harriet O'Shea... ^ . . will go to Stephens College, ^ Columbia, Mo , today, and will remain there several days for a series of lectures to students. Professor O’Shea will also confer with fac- t ulty advisers and hall counselors on student problems
5 BIG DAYS Starf-ing TODAY
THE SAGA OF AMERICA’S DIRTYFACED KIDS..AND THE BREAKS
'THAT LIFE WON’T GIVE THEM!
EXTRATHEY'RE ALWAYS CAUGHT' A Crime Doesn'e Pay Short
2 Super-Shockers
— 4 Days StartingSPOOK SHOW Tonight at 11:00
— LAST DAY— Zane Grey's ''MYSTERIOUS RIDER' T— Also — ''THE LAST EXPRESS'
LUMAn l r h
i\
Saturday^ December 3, 1938
THE FUBDUE
1%'
EXPONENT
Lambert Charges Show Increasing Skill As Initial Hardwood Contest Approaches In anticipation of advantageous or disadvantageous situations during the Boilermaker hardwood campaign of 1938-39, Coach Lambert sent his charges through intensive offensive and defensive maneuvers yesterday afternoon in the Field-
house.
( During the practice, Lambert had two of his forwards charging down on one guard, giving the guard a lot of practice in stopping a two-to-one situation, and at the same time providing the forwards practice in scoring when they have but one defender between them and two points. During the drill, the value of being able to handle the leather with either hand and speed in driving under the hoop made themselves prevalent. These basketball artists at Purdue are becoming quite adept at palming the ball in a VHoudini” fashion. Dale Hutt, senior forward veteran, was having a field day during the afternoon’s session, as he hit shot after shot in his bid to become one of Piggy’s starters.
CageVeteran
By Joy Johnson It is a thrill to learn that the campus tradition of classroom singing has been revived at the University of California. It’s that soulsatisfying “whistle while you work” attitude that'means so much in this workaday world. We predict that after this students will pick courses not on the basis of the type of lecture, but on the quality of the prof’s voice. To say the least it would be novel to take a course in Econ to the songs of Stephen Foster or Physics to the tune of an instructor’s bass voice rendering the Volga boat song. Best of all would be a class in Bactic where students could count
Tom Dickinson, senior guard and the latest in a long string of stars from Lafayette, who is one of the fastest men ever to play on a Boilermaker quintet.
STARTS SUNDAY
THEY^RE BACK! It's that grand Hardy Family again .. . and you’ll howl and thrill | to their new adventures ... in the great open spaces!
ANN SHIRLEY NAN GREY — in — 'GIRLS SCHOOL'
ARC
— LAST DAY— ,MONOGRAM' PICTURES PresentTom TYLER ir< KDEATIH VAILEY" and
These are the days to "GRIN AND BUDGET" You can Grin at hard work when you have us supply your Linen Regularly. ITs Cheaper too—that's where the 'J)udget" comes in. We Specialize in Linen for Restaurants
/
ielder’s... ...choice
bacteria to Hoagy Carmichael’s latest. ' —C— America is the land of the free, the home of the democracy, and the breeding ground of optimists. And the rabid home of democracy seems to be in the South, to be definite about it, at Florida Southern College. An admirable policy of doing instead of dreaming has caused the establishment of a professorship of democracy to combat fascism, communism and similar trends.
By Bruce Witwer A dull dreary evening outside yesterday with clouds and rain all over the place . . . inside the Fieldhouse, however, things were quite different . . . there isn’t anything dull about watching the basketball team work out and from all indications, the season prospects are far from dreary. —^fc— The only cloud in the Fieldhouse was one of perplexity on the faces of interested onlookers as they tried to follow the swift action of some of the pass work and figure out the names of the boys who are seeing action with the varsity . . . the only rain apparent was a rain of leather spheroids hitting the baskets . . . some trickling through and others drizzling off. —fc— It is evident that ear muffs will be at a premium this winter and not because of the cold either . . . “Piggy” Lambert is having his men talk and yell to each other now, telling each other just what they are going to do ... a bedlam if there ever was one . . . they’ll probably require some extra English courses for all aspiring basketball men from now on. —fc— Jim Bosses displayed a goodly number of hits last night through the much sought after hoop, indicating a basket eye which will probably come in handy this year . . .
Fraternjly Squash Teams Start Play In Tournament Today Today and tomorrow afternoons 24 fraternity teams will start their first organized squash competition. Three men from each fraternity will play best two out of three games. The first two men on each team will play, and if they split the third man will play at a later date. The winning team will receive a trophy. Three courts will be used and the equipment may be procured at the check-out window. The intramural department has asked that the different teams return the equipment as soon as possible as there is a limited amount. Paul Zimmerman, freshman intramural worker, will have charge of the matches both Saturday and Sunday.
SQUASH Today Court 1 1.00—Alpha Gamma Rho vs Phi Kappa Psi 2:00—Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Nu. 3:00—^Beta Theta Pi vs Delta Chi. 4:00—Delta Upsilon vs Kappa Sigma. 5 :00—Phi Kappa Sigma vs Phi Kappa Tau. Court 2 1.00—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Kappa Psi 2 -00—^Alpha Tau Omega vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 3 :00—Beta Theta Pi vs Delta Chi. 4 .00—Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa. 5:00—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Court 3 1:00—Delta ^u Delta vs. Sigma Nu, 2 :00—Alphaf^u Omega vs. Beta Sigma Psi 3:00—Delt» Upsilon vs. Kappa Sigma. 4:00—Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa.
Coaches' Conference Considers Annual Rose Bowl Game For Big Ten Champion Big Ten teams playing in the Rose Bowl game every year? That is the question being brought before the annual Western Conference meeting of athletic directors and coaches at Chicago yesterday and today.
Weber defiled the laws of gravitation and upset all of the trajectory formulae by flinging some bullet passes half the length of the floor having them drop hardly at alU
Purdue Swimmers To Invade Florida For East-West Matches Dolphin club members voted on Thursday night to send a group of Purdue swimmers to Florida during the Christmas vacation to represent the University in the annual East-West swimming matches. Coach LaBree’s men, with the help of Triton Club, made the Aquacade 3field enough expenses to cover the team costs. They are still doubtful about the method of transportation and are looking for automobiles. The East-West swimming tournament, an ahnual Florida affair, is invariably won by the West because they have the finest swimmers from the Big Ten. “The Big Ten league ranks as one of the keenest competing organizations in the country,” states President Eldon Carr of the Dolphins.
TOUCHBALX. Today—2:00 p. m. ^ Field 12—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Pi Phi. C. B. Luce, referee; Joe McGrath, head linesman.
an, bwiicdtwn, io (^o-£d&, amt J’Oadbf, TlfbmbiiM, 350 Gorgeous New Dresses
For campus, date, tea and evening wear victual Falues to $39.50
$11
;oo
Dresses by Dorsa • Ellen Kaye • Doris Dodson • Junior Guild • Bloomfield
Junior Sizes 11 to 17 Misses’ Sizes 12 to 20 Women’s Sizes 38 to 46 Half Sizes 141/2 to 24i/^
/ • New Black and whites! • New Pastel Shade Silks! • Lame and Metal Clothes! • New Sheer Wools! For weeks our New York buying ofEce has worked with the most famous dress makers in the market, to bring to you the most remarkable collection of dresses ever preslented in an $11.00 Sale. These manufacturers have made tremendous price concessions to us . . .we pass the savings on to you. Every new silhouette, color and fabric of the season included.
LOEB&HCNCCO/APANY
The Pacific Coast conference is favorably disposed toward the matter to stop the yearly bickering about what team through the eastern part of the country is most entitled to the bid. The definite game between the Big Ten conference champion and the coast champion would settle this matter once and for all. Some Favorable Several conference,coaches think well of the idea and the possibility of such an arrangement is far from remote. Purdue in the Eose Bowl—■ something to think about. The representatives at the meeting are thinking much in the future, 1942 football schedules being drawn up. As the schedule stands at present, the Boilermakers are to face Northwestern, Ohio State, and Iowa away from home and Wisconsin and Indiana at Lafayette. Chicago University is looking for a way to ease its Big Ten schedule and was hoping for only three conference games in the coming three years, but that hope was blasted. The conferees seem set on keeping the lowly Maroons on a four-con-test diet for at least a few more years. No rest for the weary. Co-ed Debate Team Engages lU Monday Both the affirmative and negative co-ed forensic teams are scheduled to have a practice debate with co-ed debate teams from Indiana University Monday in Indianapolis. From Indianapolis the negative team composed of Jean Pechin and Charlotte Finney will go to Ohio State for a debate with the Ohio State affirmative. The subject on which the co-ed teams are debating this year is Resolved: “That the Economic Principles of a Totalitarian State Are Desirable.” _
and Jder
By Georgann Schilling
Two radio dances, a tea dance, and a mixer in the ballroom make up tonight’s social life. The Theta Chis are holding an informal dance at the chapter house while the Cary Club eds and their dates also dance to radio music in West Hall from 9 to 12 tonight. Irvan Maury and his band are to be featured at the mixer in the ballroom. —H-H— Remember one or two or three years ago when you were the white haired boy sent to some college campus as a representative of your high school? That was probably a very memorable event in your early days. A number of the high school lads and lassies are now visiting on our campus attending the high school debate conference. They may cramp your style a bit, seem to be cluttering up the Union lobby, and making the cafeteria lines longer, but they are probably having a great time being miniature Joe Colleges, so lets try to help them have some fun. Think what they’ll be missing if they don’t discover what a grand place our school is! ^ -H-H— Only one more week until four new beauty queens will be crowned! The beauty contest should be a preview of the latest fads and fashions. Some old copies of the Debris illustrate the radical and rapid alterations in fashion. In 1924 we noticed that the photographed beauties wore very short party dresses, styled long waistedL Their hair was shingled and marcelled or fixed with an abundant supply of bangs around the face. Probably the girls chosen as tMs year’s beauties will go back muck father than 1924 for their hair style. We’re betting even money at least one the queens will wear her hair piled high upon hw in the fashion favored in her mother’s girlhood! Don’t you think sot3biad, OdA,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
ninticoA
Saturday, December 3, 1938
:i.r iT'
i «
Radio Headliners
TODAY 12 :00 noon^—-America presents, WMAQ. 12 :80 p. m.—Ray Kinney's orchestra, WCFL. 12-30 p.m.—Luncheon dance time. WBAA. 12 :45 p. m.—-Emerj' Deiitsch’s orchestra, WLW. 1:00 p. m.—Metropolitan opera company (Verdi's Othello), WIRE, WLW. WMAQ. 1 :00 p. m.—Anthony Candelori's orchestra, WGN. 1:30 p. m.—Collefjc caravan, WBAA. 2 :00 p. m.—Poetic strinps, WBBM, WFBM. 2 :00 p. m.—Music Hall, from London, WGN. 3 :00 p. m.—Club matinee, WENR. 3 ;00 p. m.—Campus varieties, WBAA. 3:30 p. m.—Beethoven Male Chorus of Bethlehem, WBBM, WFBM. 3 •.45 p. m.—Football (USC vs. Notre Dame), WENR (WGN at 4:00). 4 :00 p. m.—Make Believe Danceland, WCFL. 4 ;15 p. m.—Eddy Duchin's orchestra, WBBM. 4 :30 p. m.—Swinprologry, variety program, WMAQ. 5 :16 ji. m.—Leighton Noble’s orchestra, WFBM. 6 :00 p. m.—Saturday Night Swing Club, WBBM. 6 :30 p. m.—Joe E. Brown, comedian, with Harry Sosnik's orchestra, WFBM, WBBM. 6 :30 p. ni.—Adrian Rollini’s orchestra, WIRE. 6:46 p.m.—Lives of great men (Leonardo da Vinci), WCFL. 7:00 p. rh.—Tommy Riggs and Betty Lou with Larry Clinton’s orchestra, WMAQ, WLW. 7:00 p.m.—Johnny Presents, with Russ
7 :00 p. 7:30 p, 7 :30 p. 8:00 p, 8:30 p.
8 :30 p, 9:00 p 9 :00 p, 9 :30 p. 9 :30 p. 10 :00 p, 10 :00 p', 10 :30 p 10:30p, 10:30 p, 10:46 p ll:00p ll:00p ll:00p
Dr.
On'
Morgan’s orchestra, WBBM, WFBM. m.—Concert orchestra, WGN. m,—Eddy Duchin’s orchestra, WGN. ml—Fred Waring’s orchestra, WIRE, WMAQ. m.—Hawaii calls, WGN. m.—Saturday Nighr serenade with Mary Eastman, soprano, WBBM, WFBM. m.—Hall of Fun, WMAQ, WIRE. m.—Lucky Strike Hit Parade, WBBM, WFBM. m.—Symphony orchestra, Arturo Toscanini, conductor, WIRE, WMAQ. ' rh.—Phil Spitalny’s orchestra, WMAQ. m.—Make Believe Danceland, WCFL. m.—^Yar concert orchestra, WGN. m.^—Glen Miller’s orchestra, WBBM. m.—Tommy Dorsay’s orchestra, WIRE. m.—Lou Breeze’s orchestra, WMAQ, WLW. m.—Little Jack Little’s orchestra, WGN. m.—Henri Gendron’s orchestra, WBBM. m.—Benny Goodman’s orchestra, WGN, WIRE. m.—-Kay Kyser’s orchestra, WBBM, WFBM. m.'—Moon River, WLW.
illip Franks Speaks Role Of Metaphysics'
One hundred graduates, instructors and students heard Dr. Phillip Franks lecture last night in the Physics Building lecture room on, “The Role of Metaphysics in the Physics of the Twentieth Century.” Proving by example, definition, and logic
€t
A wide variety of smart new Hamiltons for men and women. Priced from $37.50
J.
605 Main Street'
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REiSNER
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Professional
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1]9’/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Florists
• Locksmith
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W, L.
• Photography
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5fh St. Phone 2828
Make your Christmas Gifts personal. Give Portraits. Special Prices. Scobee's Rembrandt Studio 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette, Ind.
Exchange Students Will Speak To SPEE “Engineering Education in Europe” will be discussed at a meeting of the Society for Promotion of Engineering Education Wednesday at 7:30 p. m. in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building." Student viewpoints on the subject will be presented by Reinhard G. Rail of Berlin, Giampaolo G. Carrara of Rome, and Jan O. Lundberg, of Djursholm, Sweden. These men arrived in the United States last September as exchange students. The educators’ viewpoint will be presented by Dr. C. Franci.s Harding, head of the eUcti ical engineering school, who spent three months in Europe last summer. E. C. Miller, secretary of the organization, invites all engineering staff members to attend the meeting. that metaphysics could not and should not be based upon physical laws and phenomena. Dr. Franks concluded the lecture by answering various questions. Sponsored by the Institution of International Education of New York City, Dr. Franks, predecessor to Dr. Albert Einstein, is head of the theoretical physics department at the University of Prague. Dr. Franks has covered the United States and will leave for New York City today.
Notices
Delta Rho Kappa: Initiation ceremonies at 6:15 p. m., Wednesday, December 7, in the tower room of the Union. Initiation banduet at 6:00 p. m. in the Chestunt Room. —HANNAS.
Boxers: All men who have won Golden Gloves titles should report at Fieldhouse Saturday, December 8, at 2 p. m. —MAXWELL.
Lambda Kappa: Regular business meeting will be held in the reception room of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Sunday, December* 4. All Lutheran students are invited to attend. —OTT.
WSGA House Presidents’ Council: Meeting 'Tuesday, December 6, in room B of the Union. All members are requested to be present if possible. -JAKES.
ASME Members: Get your pins dnd membership cards from G. A. Young’s office this week. (12-8) , —CLUTTER.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Royal No. 10 typewriter. Pica type. Excellent condition. Only $27.60. Bob DuFon 61204.
CE 41: Examination for the removal of C grades will be held in the hydraulic laboratory on Saturday, December 10, from 1 to 4 p. m. Permission to take the examination must be secured from the undersigned before December 9. —GRBVE.
NYA Workers: Checks for the period ending November 16, 1988, are now available in the Cashier’s Office in the Elxecutive Building. (12-8) —HOLLENSBE.
Christian Science Organization. Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, December 6, at 7 :30 p. m. in room C in the Union. —MACK.
Scrivener: Bring all outstanding subscriptions to Dr. Sutcliffe or myself by Saturday, December 3. Don’t forget the cash. —PAARLBERG.
For Sale: Eastman Vollenda camera. P8.6 lens. Rapid compur shutter. Western exposure meter. Call Berger, 7724. LOST AND FOUND LOST—Internal combustion ehgines by Poison. Call 41642 after 8:00 p. m. Reward. Art- Bodeau.
Glee Club: Compulsory renearsal Saturday, December 3, at 1:30 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. —WORCESTER. Eta Kappa Nu: Rough initiation Tuesday, December 6, at 7:00 p. m. in the E. E. Building. —KECK,
CE 6 (Surveying): Examination for the removal of conditions will be held in CE 201 on Saturday, December 3, at 1 p. m. Get permits in CE 102. —POTT.
Lost: Post Drawing Set, Recitation Bldg. Initials, J. D. G. Reward. Call Garrett, 61671.
CE 21: The examination to remove the grade C in CE 21 will be given in room 301 of the CE Building on Saturday, December 3, from 1 to 4 p. m. Please consult me in advance. —SONESON.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Sunday, December 4, at 4:30 p. m. in room B of the Memorial Union Building. —AYASUN.
Ushers and Police: Pay for football game work may be obtained at the ticket office in the F’eldhouse. (12-3) —SANDERS.
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY A Private Lesson Will Be Given Free of Charge WED., DEC. 7, 7:00 p. m. To those wishing to enroll in our NEW BEGINNER’S CLASS Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
UE or False
Would you say a cleaning service that protects your garments against moths (at no extra charge) was most preferred? Crown Cleaned Clothes are moth-proofed in the same operation by MONITE moth-proof process.
FINE C L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTH OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
E S
A truly deluxe assortment of fine gifts that men will appreciate and really use. Illustrated on the left are three types of dress sets of the newest fashion, which any man will appreciate at holiday time.
"Guttinn'A ^ me.
IN THE VILLAGE
. . we’re referring to grades of course; for your efforts during the next three weeks will greatly effect your final grades. Keep them up.
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama
After You We Come First Phone 4048
Lost: Football purse, Friday at Student Health Service. Will finder please return glasses from purse to Student Health Service. MISCELLANEOUS TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. - Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
if-
y