y
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning Of, By, and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
tfitniSD^Y NovcmiiImU?, 1937 Lafayette, Indiotta' VOL. 49 NO.M At
Rev. Albert Coe Will Lecture At Convo Tomorrow “A Personal Philosophy of Life” will be the theme developed by Rev. Albert BucknerXoe at the religious convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall tomorrow morning at 10:30. Rev. Coe is pastor of the First Congregational Church of Oak Park, 111., and will be in charge of services. “Open Our Eyes,” by MacFarlane, and a Bach choral, “Now Do We Pray Thee,” will be sung by the Concert Choir under the direction of A. P. Stewart. Rev. Coe was pastor of a Montreal church during the summer of 1936, but was granted an extended leave of absence from his pastorate to deliver a series of lectures on peace. During the summer of 1935, Rev. Coe delivered a group of sermons at Glasgow and Liverpool. He teamed with Dr. Alfred Salter, British parliament member, while they made peace addresses on the Pacific Coast in 1936. Duke University Offers $1,500 For 50,000 Words Duke University Press, in connection with the centennial celebration of the founding of Trinity College (now a part of Duke University) is offering a prize of $1,500 for a scholarly manuscript submitted submitted not later than October 1, 1938. Confined to the fields of the social, literary, or artistic history of the United States, the manuscript must not be less than 50,000 words in length. Manuscripts must be typed officials of the contest state, signed by a nom-dg^l)lume, and accompanied by a sealed envelope containing the author’s name. The entrant’s address must appear on the inside and bear his nom-de-plume on the outside of the submitted paper. All manuscripts should be addressed to Duke University Press, Durham, N. C. Alumni Group To See Indiana Game Movies Movies of the Purdue-Indiana game will be shown next Wednesday at 8:15 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building under the auspices of the Tippecanoe County Purdue Alumni Association. The program also calls for talks by Mai Elward and Ward Lambert, who will review the past football season and the prospects of the coming basketball season. The meeting is open to the public. Special Rates Offered To Winter Equestrians Special rates for winter riding are now being offered by the Purdue Riding Stables, Mr. Schulze, manager, has announced. A premium of one free ride will be awarded with every five rides taken, and co-eds who have been enrolled in riding classes may take rides remaining on their coupon books at any time, he stated. Phi Mu Sorority Will Dance Tonight In Faculty Lounge Phi Mu social sorority is entertaining its members at a-formal dance this evening at 8:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. The “2 G’s” orchestra, a local organization, will swing for the dancers. Rose and white will carry out the sorority colors in the decorations.
Speaks Tomorrow
Rev. Albert Buckner Coe, of Oak Park, 111., who will lead services at the religious convocation tomorrow morning at 10:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall.
Clyde McCoy Plays For Mixer Tonicflit Presiding over the Union’s weekly dollar mixer tonight at 9 p. m. in the ballroom, Clyde McCoy, and his nationally famous orchestra will wind up their current engagement at the University. His familiar “Sugar Blues” opened up the Union sponsored dance last night where he appeared in the role of judge for the “Bi^ Apple” contest. McCoy will broadcast for a half hour this afternoon beginning at 3 p. m. from the Union Building and may be heard again this evening in a free “Swing Session” from 7 to 8 p. m. at the Union ballroom. Wisconsin Professor To Speak At Physics Meeting At Monday night’s open meeting. Prof. R. B. Herb of the department of physics at the University of Wisconsin will be guest speaker on the subject “High Voltage Development Work and Results.^’ The general public is invited to the session which will begin at 7:30 in the Physics Building lecture room. Physics Faculty Members Attend Chicago Meeting Professors K. Lark-Horovitz, H. M. James, W. J. Henderson, and a group of instructors from the physics department are attending a meeting of the American Physical Society in Chicago today. The meeting began yesterday. Dr. James will present a paper entitled “Quadrupole Radiations in the Hydrogen Molecular Spectrum” at the meeting. Jeff High Students To Tour Home Ecoqomics Dept. . Home economics students from Jefferson High School will make a tour of the University home economics department next Tuesday. The examination of the nutrition laboratories is to be made under the direction of Ilif Diehl, senior home economics student, who is doing practice teaching in Jefferson High School. , Proder, Gamble Man Will Interview Seniors Dec. 1 H. R. Langman, plant superintendent of Proctor and Gamble Company, St. Brenard, O., will interview senior chemical and mechanical engineers here Wednesday, December 1. Seniors who are interested may sign up with the heads of their various schools who will select the group for interviews and notify them through the personnel office.
WRH Entertains Dancers Tonight “A Penthouse Formal” amid modernistic decorations of black and white will await dancers and diners at the annual winter WRH formal dinner-dance tonight at 9 o’clock. Dinner will be served in buffet style between 11 and one o’clock. Bud Bryant and his sophisticated swingsters will play for the affair. Arrangements are under the direction of Lois Randolph, chairman of the decoration committee; and Rosemary Feil and Ruth Randall, social chairmen. Thirty-nine members and, activity and sorority leaders comprise the guest list of the hall fo:^ tliis occasion. Name Coleman President Of Agricultural Honorary T. A. Coleman, assistant director of agricultural extension at the University, has been named president of Epsilon Sigma Phi, honorary fraternity for men in agricultural extension work. Coleman, who has been active in affairs of the organization for several years, has been serving as acting director for several months, filling a vacancy caused by the death of P. H. Ross, extension director in Arizona. Coleman also was recently named as delegate to the national meeting of Aberdeen-Angus Cattle Breeders’ Association to be held in Chicago, 111., December 1. Lark-Horovitz To Speak On Glass At Dames' Club “Appreciation of Artistic Glass” will be discussed by Dr. K. LarkHorovitz, head of the physics department, at an open meeting of the Graduate Dames’ Club in t)ie lecture room of the Physics Building at 8 o’clock on Tuesday evening. The club invites the public to attend the lecture. Dr. Lark-Horovitz will display a collection of rare glass pieces to illustrate his address. Eta Kappa Nu, EE Honorary, To Initiate 16 Pledges Eta Kappa Nu, honorary electrical engineering society, will formally initiate the following pledges in the second week in December: faculty member, J. H. Karr; seniors, J. F. Bell, F. C. Brandt, A. A. Guldi, W. D. Uull, E. E. Jones, W. 0. Montgomery, R. C. Romayne, W. W. Jones, R. E. Scifres, C. J. Weitham, J. H. Williams, and L. H. Wollenweber; juniors, L. Finklestein, L. E. Keck, and D. W. Haskins.
SAE Auto Show Declared Success; To Present Circus This Evening
'Black And tan'Stars Will Head New Show In Union Tomorrow
“The Gold and Black Fantasy,” with Pat Clinton’s iband, the Pony Choru’s, Marge Starrett, Benny Burns, the Sexton ^isters, Jerry Ciral, and other sta'rs from fhe cast of “The Black and Tan Fantasy,” will start at 7:30 tomorrow night in the Union ballroom. The performance will be open to the public. Henry Miller will announce the hour-long program while Benny Burns stooges and sings. The Sweet Shop’s Dorothy Martin, who appeared on the Variety Hour a month ago,'will sing music of her own composition as she accompanies herself on the piano. ' Marge Starrett, highly-applauded singer of the “Black and Tan Fantasy,” will headline the program. Ciral will do a take-off on the play “Shadow House,” and Betty Jo and Rufina Sexton will sing a duet. 'Big Appiers' Take Over Union Dance After its five minutes of “big appling” before the three Bennett sisters, with Clyde McCoy’s orchestra, the group of truckers led by Jacquelyn Nicholson were adjudged by the Bennett sisters to be the winners out of the three groups in the Rig Apple contest held last night at 11 o’clock during the annual Union Cabaret dance in the Memorial Union ballroom. For their part in the trucking shining, and the rest that goes to make a “Big Apple,” each member of the winning group were awarded a shiny red apple and also a j;icket to the regulki- mixer tonight. The winning “big applers” are: Jacquelyn Nicholson, the leader; Dick Jarvis, Betty Ann Ford, Bob Skinner, Beverlie Rice, Kenneth O’Neil, Ruth Osborne, Carl Ruppert, Treva Berry, Patricia Heuring, and George Moore. Phi Kappa Sigma Pledges Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity announces the pledging of Stephen IIles, Gary.
By Jerry Torrence, Jr. “It’s the biggest show We’ve ever had here,” beamed Jack Vanderford, publicity director of the automobile show in the Purdue Armory, which closes tonight at 10 o’clock. The show is under the auspices of the local chapter of the society of auto- — ' motive engineers.
Special Exhibits
New cars from every Lafayette dealer and varioufe special exhibits feature the third annual show. Some of the exhibits include light army tanks and a group of original auto designs by Alex Tremulis of the Briggs Body Company. Several representatives of large wholesale companies were present at the show. Arnold, Indianapolis branch manager of Goodyear Company, said, “It sure is a beautiful sight to see this fine group of automobiles. It’s been a real pleasure to be here tonight visiting the show.” “Deserves Big Hand” Doc Anderson, local garage man, bellowed forth with, “I think that this show deserves a great big hand; let’s give it to them. I’ve lived here all my life and this is the best show
I’ve ever seen.”
Student Gets Low Down On Dr. Sayers John Miller
The committee for the dance is Chairman Evelyn 3niith, Bessie Bannwart,’'Mary Lou Sweeney, and Pauline Stone.
Lawrence W. Wallace, ME ’12, recently accepted a position as director of engineering and research in the Crane Company, Chicago, 111. Following his graduation from the University, he became an instructor here in the mechanical engineering department.
By R. A. Pence “But, Jane, I don’t need my card to see ‘Doc’ this time.” “Every student must present his health card when he sees one of the doctors, even if it’s only for an excuse from classes,” came her reply. “ ‘Okay,’ let’s have it; there’s no use to argue.” This I went through with in order to interview Dr. Sayers John Miller last Friday afternoon. Needless to say, I had to remain in the outer office while earlier arrivals were being cared for. My turn came. I walked in and gave the doctor the usual, “Howdy, Doc.” “Hello, what’s your trouble, sir?” was his reply. He didn’t look up to see who I was. I could see from his attitude that his job was as mechanical as the movements of an auto, so I asked him if he didn’t find things pretty monotonous at times. Immediately he dropped his pencil and looked up at me. His answer was in the affirmative, he said he Uked his work very
much, even though students do get sick over nothing. ' Easing \back in his chair, he went ahead to say that he is a native of Indianapolis, and a graduate of Manual Training high school. He has been head of the Student Health Service here at the University since the death of Dr. Terry. Graduated with a BS degree from Indiana University in 1922, he became a doctor of medicine in 1924. His MD degree is also from Indiana University. After practicing in Indianapolis for two years, he took a position in Purdue’s Student Health Department. He has been here ever since that time (1926), and has been influential in forming a Department of Student Health that can rightfully be envied by any university. ' Dr. Miller is popular with Purdue students. He enjoys fishing and likes igolf, but his favorite pastime is sitting in an easy chair and smoking a bi^ cigat;. He is a story teller of no low repute. If you want to talk to a doctor, and have an entertaining chat too, try Dr. Miller.
Fishburn Named Editor Of Frosh Student Handbook At an executive meeting of the Student Senate yesterday. Herb Fishburn and Robert Schumacher were selected as editor and business manager respectively of the freshman students’ handbook. Numerous innovations for next year’s handbook are being worked upon at the present time, according to Fishburn. Plans are being made to send the handbook to the freshman student before he arrives at Purdue in order to give him time to properly read the book. Information that is now bein^ sent out by the University will be incorporated in the new handbook and in addition the activities section will be revised. Other plans for pictures, a map of West Lafayette, arid a new cover for the book are also being considered. Wesley Players To Present 'Neighbors' Tomorrow Eve Zona Gale’s one act play “Neighbors” will be presented by the Wesley Players at 6:30 p. m. tomorrow in the West Side Methodist Episcopal church at Main and South streets. The lead will be taken by Grace Russell supported by Miriam Drewery, Isabell Weishaar, Roland White Clare Brickler, Hugh Deale, Annabelle Boas, and Esther Dunwoody. The players are under the management of Ruth Reeder and are coached by Mrs. William McFadden. Parenf-Teachers' Group To Hear 'School, Cify Safety' ‘School and City Safety” will be the subject on which Poseph Lingo, University safety specialist, will elaborate before tl^e West Lafayette High School Parent-Teachers’ Association on December 13. As a guest of their supper meeting, Lingo will also discuss traffic safety in West Lafayette. Purdue, Indiana Aluipni To Give Thanksgiivng Dance Purdue and Indiana University Alumni are putting on the annual Thanksgiving cabaret dance in the Valencia Gardens at ^ort Wayne tonight. William Bach, president of the Purdue Alumni Association, will be general chairman, and Robert McDonald, president of Indiana Alumni group, will assist. WBAA To Sponsor Program About Social Security Ad Broadcasts on the benefits and provisions of the Social Security Act will be-made twice weekly over WBAA beginning at 12:15 Monday. This series has been prepared by H. E. McCarthy, regional director of the Social Security board, with headquarters in Chicago. Daughter Born To Stewaris Sonya Marie was the name given to a baby girl born last Tuesday evening in |hq Ho^e Hospital to Mr. and l^rs. ^A. ^tcwart. Bo^h M^. Stewar|; and the'^'cjiild are doing^ well. StewaVt is dWector of glee clubs and choruses in the Univer-
sity.
Red Stanley, affiliated with Perfect Circle Piston Rings, said, “It looks as if this show will be as big a success as the Purdue-Indiana game.” Circus Tonight From 2 to 2:30 this afternoon a dance orchestra of undisclosed name will play for the crowd, and its music will be broadcast over WBAATonight the Spar Brothers Circus will entertain the auto show visitors with a one and a half hour show. Its repertoire will comprise tumbling, trained dog acts, slack-wire, and trapeze performers. By nine o’clock last night, over 4,000 people had passed through the Armory gates. ' Stock Show Opens Today The International Livestock Exposition and Horse Show, America’s biggest farm congress will open this morning in Chicago’s International Amphitheatre. The 38th anniversary of this attraction will have a duration of eight days, ending December 4. Most of the junior and senior members of the animal husbandry school are making the trip along with several other agriculture students. The University judging team with Prof. W. W. Smith will judg;e horses, cattle, sheep, and hogs during their stay in the Illinois metrop-
olis.
Members of the University judging team are Tom Parkison, Stine Camp, Bob Douglas, Robert Gray, Robert Van Hoy, and Robert Wilson. They expect to return one week hence. Teaching Methods Group To Discuss Trends In Ag School Latest developments and trends in agriculture will be discussed at the second meeting of the committee on methods of teaching in the school of agriculture, in the faculty lounge of the Union Building, Friday evening, December 10, at 7:30 o’clock. Professor^ V. C. Freeman, H. J. Reed, and T. A. Coleman will discuss the highlights of the meetings of the Land Grant College Association and affiliated groups, recently held in Washington, D. C.
NYA Workers Checks for period ending November 9 are now available at cashier’s office in Executive Building. W. W. UoUensbee^ University CasMer.ii:
ifi.
w'
TF, „ ^
THE PtmDUE E3EPPNENT
The Editor Says
A Senior Counselor... ,... is just what I need to help me in getting my work organized.” This joking remark has sprung into some prominence as high-ranking senior men go about their mission of aiding delinquent freshmen to revise their college programs in an effort to throw off the yellow slip jinx before the end of the semester. When this statement sinks home, however, the speaker often realizes his words are only too true; a counselor or advisor, or jpst someone to hear his troubles, would be of great help to him. What seem to be major worries pass away as mere trifles when a person voices them to a sympathetic listener. Simple solutions present themselve^ to perplexing problems and cares become non-existent as the oppressed mind unburdens itself in Vocal expression. Overwork, improper diet, insufficient exercise, or lack of sleep nurture small annoyances into mental clouds that eclipse main objectives, that dim one’s normal vision. These worries incubate in the brooding, introspective mind, but an expressive nature pro^^des only sterile ground. Disordei'liness may creep up on the mental functions so gradually the victim scarcely realizes its presence. Often he discovers this state of mind had existed only after a stroke of fortune has torn aside the curtains of gloom. Many persons make a profession of restoring muddled minds to clarity, just as others earn a living my analyzing and adjusting improper industrial procedures. Psychoanalysists relieve persons of oppressions just by listening, prompting, suggesting; psychiatrists resort to various treatments to reroute derailed trains of thought; consultants in all fields find efficiencies the owner or manager of the business may have failed to see because he was too close to his work. ■ Regular visits to* a counselor or confidant pay in worldly goods as well as in returns of happiness.
the Purdue Exponent
MEMaCR ^sotinted MAOISOH WISC0H9N Entered as second class matter at the iKwt office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act Of Conjcress of Match 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday dhring the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60. RBI*RB8ENTBD FOIf NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY NattonalAdvertismgSemceJnc. College Publishers Represenlalive 420 Madison Ave. new York, N. Y. CHICAfiO - BOSTOH - Los AHGELES - SAN FRANCISCO MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St, Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6087 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
Bnainega Manager
R. P. Manion
D.C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor — .J. E. Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. 1. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary™ Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager..... —.W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager—., —R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager. ,.— ...M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor ..Elizabeth Pyke Assoeiate Editors „....Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin Sally McKee SPOBnSTAFF Editor ..._....R. F. Obenchaln Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R, L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AU opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-ton-in-chief. Night Editor—Schroeder Issue Editor—Houston Saturday, November 27, 1937
SHO STUFF We can’t understand what was wrong with the evening audience at the Black and Tan Fantasy . . . some pretty hot cracks passed in the dark with scarcely a snigger. The whole show was above the average and was pretty funny . . . Jumpy Jigglers who haven’t been able to restrain the impulse to “peel off a Big Apple” at regular mixers had a chance to “truck their stuff” at the Big Apple dance last^ night. To get back to the Fantasy . . . there wasn’t much fantasy in Ciral’s portrait of a smoking co-ed . . . we think he had something there. Bulletin board scrutinizers have had many a cliuckle from the board in the Education Building. Playshop thumbtackers posted their sign, then along came the convo committee. The composite bulletin now reads: ‘HELL BENT FER HEAVEN . . . The Purdue Convocation for Worship.” Tomorrow we’ll run a column sent in by Stu Distelhorst, former B and B editor. He has a feature about ‘How to Win Femmes And Influence People.” We’ll give the Mars Double Pass next week to the people who can send in the best additions to his rules.
Counseling— A Credit Course Whether WSGA counselors should be given one credit hour for counseling freshmen and transfer women was among questions asked on a questionnaire recently sent to the counselors. Selection of counselors, whether Sophomores should be considered for the positions, and how long the counseling program should be continued during the year were all pertinent questions in the list. If credit for graduation is given for work in counseling, a more elaborate system of checking on faithfulness of counselors, helpfulness to counselees, and attendance at lectures would become necessary. How counselors should be chosen would become a more difficult problem. Not only would co-eds have to be willing to be counselors, but also they would have to be adjudged good counselor material in some accurate way. Whether counselors should be chosen on basis of achievement in activities, scholastic rating, campus reknown, social abilities, or on a little of each quality would have to be decided. Whether enough women would be found eligible to become counselors according to a set standard that included all items might seem a bit doubtful, but would probably prove only an imaginary difficulty. Heretofore, counselors have been chosen from decisions of judges who interviewed each counselor aspirant and considered capabilities in a few minutes. Chance, a short time’s impression upon weary, time-pressed • interviewers, with the help of personnel ratings have been deciding factors in choosing counselors in the past. But surely, girls who come back to school a little early, who spend time in tedious tasks rounding up suit-
able dates for their charges, who introduce, cajolCj comfort and amuse girls new to the University, who supervise orientation tests and registration for several girls, who go on shopping trips with the new coeds, who act as buffers for the girls in their new environment, deserve more material rewards than handsome notebooks and a free dinner. True, counselors gain much\, intangible, valuable personality building experience in their duties of helping launch new co-eds on successful college careers, a good deal of practical psychology, rich personal experiences in gaining friends in many circles, campus popularity. In spite of these gains, many times counselors are discouraged, and resentful of giving the time coupseling demands. Credit hours might be the solution. Why not have a picked group of girls, but make the counseling system a combination of WSGA, practical education and psychology, with credit given for the course ? —D. J.
—STARTING SUNDAY— LEO CARRILLO JEAN PARKER in “THE BARRIER”
SKI SUITS In Smart Styles
$7.98 to $12.98 "Poets may be born, not made, but I'm going to make me into a sportswoman, with Rob's loving help! Am ordering a set of workmanlike ski pants and pocket-full jacket to be colorful against the snow.
Lcdayekte's OdU£GIJllE SHOP
East l^de of S<{U0Dr«
collegiate
By Mary Cooley o A “skip” day was declarcKi by Dartmouth University last week; all students were advised to cut classes and do what they pleased. Consequently professors were lecturing to empty classrooms while the undergraduates on the campus were turning handsprings. The rage is spreading. Oklahoma Junior College’s “barefoot day” and Tulane’s “overdue-books-returned-free-no-questions-asked” day should inspire some pretty good ones. One college favors having an “exam-no-question-asked” day. How about an “accidentally-overlook-yellow slips” day?
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR RENT ■— Student double room. Front, single beds, private entrance. 127 Sylvia street.
FOR RENT — Men’s furnished rooms. Call 3739 or 117 Oak after 3 o’clock.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
— • LAST DAY* — BUCK JONES in “BLACK ACES” —— RICHARD ARLEN in ‘Murder in Greenwich Village’'
SUNDAY — MONDAY SONJA HENIE TYRONE POWER in “THIN ICE”
—LAST DAY-
and orch
—STARTING SUNDAY-
SYLVIA SIDNEY JOEL McCRBA in “DEAD END”
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUETONITE kmmmm WSTAQEf Bcmm
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Scdlurday* November 27# ISST-
By LicKty
“I don’t see why you need a wedding rehearsal—you’ve been married four times already!”
By Sally McKee *- We’re exploiting Mrs. Meigs’ ten commandments again. Today it’s number seven, “Thou must speak clearly and directly—-accurately.” , We’re all susceptible to that human weakness, tiredness, and when we get tired we often find ourselves unable to speak clearly and directly; but these, we hope, are unnatural conditions for most of us. Some
people however, mumble their conversations and ramble all over oh all occasions; they can not speak “clearly and directly.” We must watch ourselves; be it only tiredness or the normal thing this fault is not only a “speech defect;” it seems to be very poor manners, to those around us. And accuracy. To make a better story an enthusiastic speaker may add 10 feet to the length of the snake, but beware; inaccuracy causes misconception resulting in discomfort to the hearer and is therefore very bad manners. Exaggeration and inaccuracy form the kernel of gossip, and the bad end to which well meant conversations may be led.
• • • • •
HELL BENT . . . . .
FER
HEAVEN. . . .
OPENS THE
New University Theatre in Eliza Fowler Hall FORMAL OPENING Monday, November 29, 7:30 P. M.
Performances Continuing Through
TUESDAY . ..November 30... WEDNESDAY..... December 1..... . THURSDAY December 2 ...
..7:30 p. m. .-7S30 p.m. .-7:30 p.m.
and
SA'TURDAY December 4 .... ..
-.8:00 p. m.
1 Single Admission
... .. ... 50c
PRICES \
{Season
- $1.50
Box Office in Eliza Fowler Hall—
-1 p.m. to
Curtain Time Daily
Hatcher Hughes’ drama of the Caroline mountains inaugurates Playshop’s tenth season which will include three additional stage successes. Campus Plays on a Campus Stage . * . at Campus Pricesm
Saturday, Noven)ii3er27< 1937
tMPlSmum £3tf>bNENt
; ‘'-t-
Veteran Squash Team Opens Season Todiiy; Meet Dayton YMCA,
“Chief” Clevett’s squash team will open its season today, playing two matches at Dayton, O., with the IfMCA and an officers’ team from Wright Air Field.. Captain John Lucek will play in the number one position, followed by Kenny Linn, Tony Sokolowski, Tom Jackson, and Bob Juve. With practically the same team that played a successful season last ■ year, the squash squad should give the opposition plenty to think about throughout the season. Lucek captured the Western Collegiate Squash Rackets championship last year and was trailed by several of his teammates. On last year’s eastern trip, the Boilermakers defeated a fine Harvard team for one of the surprise upsets of the season. ' The entire squash team will leave early this morning by cars for the Ohio city.
W BAA Programs
—TODAY— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:16—Don’t Listen. 11:30—High School Guest Program, Kokomo Girts’ Chorus. 12:00—^Tune Time, by Charles Powell.; 12:15^Luncheon Dance Time. lk:30—Footnotes on the Headlines. ' 12:46—MarkU Reports. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—Musical Review. 2:00—Campus Varieties. 2:30—The Stamp Club of the Air.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
TOWARD A MORE SAFE and SANE YEAR ' © ■ 1938 AUTO SHOW
By J. S. Brown One of the favorite post-season occupations of those of us who play most of our football from thektands is looking over the season’s statistics and trying to figure out why we didn’t win (or lose)-more games than we did. —-fc— Purdue stacks up very favorably in the statistii^ calculations of the season lust finished. Firsts let’s look at that part of the statistics which really counts —total points scored. In all eight games, Purdue outscored its opponents 83 to 69. In Big Ten competition honors were about even, with Purdue registering 40 to the Big Ten opposition’s 41. —^fc— Again in first downs, the Boilermakers are ahead 106 to 82. Net yards gained from scrimmage add up to 1,600 for Purdue against 1,236 for the opposition. The Gold and Black butpunted its opponents, with an average of 38 yards compared to 34.8. —^fc— The Boilermakers’ weakest spot was, according to the statistics, the pass division. Purdue completed 26 out of 110 for a batting average of .236, while" the opposition hit .427, connecting with 53 out of 124 tries. Twenty-five Boilermaker tosses were intercepted, while only 14 of the enemy’s passes were caught by Purdue men. Total yards gained from passing give the opposition 573 and Purdue 462. —^fc— According to figures on penalties, the home boys abided by the rules much better than did the other side. The opposition was penalized a total of 225 as compared to only 95 yards for Purdue, which averages 28 and 12 a game. —^fc— We hear a lot of talk about how
Freshman Wrestlers To Meet Coach Reeck At New Gym Monday Boilermaker wrestling enthusiasts have been going through the paces under Coach Reeck over in the new gym and await the freshman turnout Monday for some new legs and arms to tie into knots. More Wanted The turnout has been very good so far, with 35 men out at present but some new recruits are needed in the heavyweight and lightweight classes. Newcomers need have no fear because of inexperience, as only three of the group out have had previous training in high school. To keep up interest, Coach Reeck is planning an intersquad tournament which is scheduled to start very soon. By the time this gets under way, he expects to have many of the football linemen out, to keep in shape during^the winter layoff. Charts Help Out Charts have been placed in the southeast comer of the intramutal gym where the wrestling mats are placed, covering the various holds, breaks, etc., to help the men along. Senior Football Stars Turn To local Basketball League Cecil Isbell, Andy Grant, Clem Woltman, and Jim Zachary, Purdue football men have turned to the basketball court and under the management of Jack Brogan, will enter the Lafayette ‘Y’ Industrial League. Eight team lists have been approved by the board, and play will begin Tuesday, December 7. The deadline for team entry is Friday December 3.
Purdue got a lot of “bum breaks” this season. At first we are inclined to dismiss such talk as ‘sour grapes,’ but the statistics seem to indicate that there may be such a thing in football as luck and lucky breaks, after all. —^fc— >-■ The complete table of statistics follows; They We Punt average 34.8 38 First downs 82 106 Net scrimmage gain. .. 1235 1500 Passes Attempted ........ 126 110 Passes completed 53 26 Passes intercepted 14 25 Yds. gained by passes.... 573 462 Penalties 226 95 Points scored 69 83
Moving Pictures on Safety and Display of Latest Auto Accessories FANS CHAINS RADIOS HEATERS BATTERIES DEFROSTERS FOG LIGHTS These Are on Sale at Your
PURDUE ARMORY November 27,1937 8 A. M. - 10 P.M. Peter Anderson Co.
24 HOUR SERVICE
*®JPurdue Exponent
Service Directory
—- Bookstores — SOUTHWORTH^S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” 0 Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER Locksmith — “C” CARTER for Key* —- lioekB — General RepaJrlns Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.C.N. and Norton Door Checks Open Evenings Ph, 2291 State-Main, W. L. —r-Florist — ' Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • a . Most exclnsire assortment of eorsares available to Pnrdne Students. 527 Main Phone 5432 — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Jewelry —
R* J» BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Beauty Studio
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Specials, Thors. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727 — Dine —
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING S* 52 at Lindbergh Road —Taxi Service — The Thinking Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Gars for Special Occasions Z5c per passenger any part of citj 5023—Phones—3071 YELLOW CAB CO. PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic ; BR. PAUL A. RISK 0R. HAROLD J. RISK OR. ROBERT 6. RISK ML LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phtme 5701 DR.A.M.IR^ON DENTIST 119'/^ Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Confectionery — Try Some oi Our Hmne Made Ice Cream and Candy ^(^CEtz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts. -—Printing'—-
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
Office SUUenety. Wedding InviUHons
PHONE Self* Book*. Etc. 2 6 2 8 CASSEL'S 408 FERRY
— Hardware— EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
525 Alabama Street
Phone 4048
ARC
LAST DAY
Last Episode of “Robinson Crusoe” phu Preview of Next Serial “DICK TRACY”
Buy Your Xmas Gifts For Men At ROSENTHAL'S 322 Main SiV
pfttjiCTStKwflaBa
PPPP
THE
S^tirdqy, November 27.1937
Notices Mb Kotice* Accepted After 8 p.ia.
Pr®m »nd Gala Week Petitions: All petitions must be turned in to Senate office, room A in the Union, between 4 and 6 p. m., not later than November 80. Earlier if pos—ROHYANS,
Flying Club: Please meet at the airport at 2:30 November 28. Debris pictures will taken at that time. Those having no transportation meet at the East door of Union at 2:15. —CONWAY. Wesley Foundation: Roller skating party Saturday afternoon, November 27 at 2 p. m. Meet at Foundation House. Please sign up. —HURD.
University Choir: No rehearsal November 27. All members report at 10 o’clock November 28 for convocation. —STEWART.
Camera Club: Prints to be eligible for an-nu-sl exhibit must be in by December 1. —SAMUELSON. Eha Kappa Nu: Meeting of pledges in’ reading room of the Electrical Engineering Building at 1 p. m. November 27. —WILLIAMS.
4 p. m. November 29. Everyone whp was not at the 7:30 class November 23, is required to be there. The advance class will be held in the Union ballroom at 7:30 p. m. November 29. —CLYMER.
WAA Deck Tennis—All co-eds interested
in playing- sign up for double tournament on bulletin board in gym before .November 30. —JENKINS,
Purdue Engineer: All editorial staff members report for work November 29 at 4 o’clock. —PRECHTER.
Scrivener Club: Meeting November 27 at 2:30 at 326 Chauncey street. Bring manuscripts. —FELDMAN.
Debris Sales Staff: Every Debris salesman is requested to be in Debris office November 29 at 4 o’clock without fail. —SIEBENTHAL,
POMM: Meeting called for 5 p. m., November 30. All actives and pledges must be in formal uniform. —SPRINGMAN.
Glider Club: All members report to the airport November 28, at 2:30 for Debris picture. —MOORE.
Omicron Nu: Meeting in Home Economics Building November 29 at 4 p. m. —MURPHY.
Union Sophomores: Will my committee please meet in the Union office anytime after I p. m. November 27. —JACOBSON.
Exponent Co-eds: Will the following please report at the Union office 1 o’clock November 27 : Wattleworth, Williams, Limpus, Totten, Henry, Schilling, and Martens. —McKEE.
PIA Dance Class: The beginning dance class will be held in the Union ballroorri at
These Students Did and Won LOOO PHILIP MORRIS E. B. W. H. Shinkle—112 North St.—West Lafayette, Indiana Paul Roll—607 University St.'—West Lafayette, Indiana
200 PHILIP MORRIS E. B.
J. T. Fotos Tom Walters Wayne Fredericks C. W. Hamilton Walter Peter Becker W. E. Smith Dale Pistul Jack Beck Robert D. Spitzer J. W. Castino
Gordon Tafel R. B. Wehrung Fred Mayfield Clay A. Bernichoii Joe Hays R. C. Fatout G. E. Lieendiqker J. C. Deal, Jr. C. E. Lang, Ed Goetz
R. H(. Klumpp B. Braseamle Betty Frost
Margery Lewis James Edward Taylor Harry W. Soderstrum David Sherman
R. E. Smoker W. A. Roberts
50 PHILIP MORRIS E. B.
Bernard Everett Lorene Ristow Gertrude Schmidt Emmett B. Johnson F. L. Scully Paul Petersen P. R. Scully H. R. Huchtman H. Behrends M. L. Gregory
J. R. Watson J. P. Reed Margaret Richey J. H. Thomson O. McMaster F. Montague J. Harnett , R. S. Marshall S. Clarke J. J. DeMar
J. H. Cronk Robert C. Gamier Marian Long Richard Shively Paul Reznik J. H. Miller Seymour Lobel W. J. Devanly Jane Hawkins
This Ends the PHILIP MORRIS Scorecast Final group prizes to fraternity, soror-: ity and independent group for most ballots during the entire contest on display at DEAG'S.
LUXURY CLEANIHG
iret it (osb no more
Crown Cleaning Service might easily be termed Luxury Cleaning
For, in Crown Cleaning, your clothes are also moth-proofed at the same time by MONITE moth-proof process — they are pressed by the FORM-PREST method-—they are checked for missing buttons and other important details* Get the habit of having j^our clothes Crown Cleaned regularly.
flowers for all Formal Occasions
Phone 5432
J-bfiaL ^o. 527 Main Street
r I H E C L E A N E II S O F F I N E C L O T H E S WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE-TOP OF THE HILL
^ ordinary shirts these... They’re our pride and joy , , , absolutely original in pattern, yet in perfect taste. For Arrow has given them the masterful styling that only America’s No. 1 Creator of Male Fashions can bestow on a shirt. Mitoga forin-fit, too. And San-forized-Shrunk ... a new shirt free if one ever shrinks. ^2 ^ “P
DEWENTER’S 416 Main St.
Whatever you wish in bakery goods—you will find ^ dependable delicacies here.
Grave’s quality Bakery
Phone 3852
124 State, W. L.
"Party days are here again . . ." everyone's going places and doing things. It's hard on clothes because they have to stand the test of staring eyes at every affair. You can be sure that they'll stand the "eye-test'' if they're cleaned by WEST SIDE CLEANERS. Careful clecining is our pride. Call us for prices on storing your summer clothes.
Phone 4081
Side Cleaners
222 North Street
Visit THE HUB Fpr Your TOPCOATS SWEATERS PAJAMAS HATS SUITS Lafayette's Largest Men's Clothing Store Fifth and Main Streets
POPCORN Helps Get the Lessons Over D A D’S PLAjC E — So Handy
AN OPEN MESSAGE TO THE STUDENTS OF PURDUE
Lafayette’s newest and most modern jewelry store invites you to open a Budget account. There is no extra charge or interest of any kind ^ no waiting. We feature only nationally known Watches, Diamonds, Silverware and Jewelry. We suggest that you make your Christmas selections
Open a Budget Account Pay $1.00 a Week
Mr. H. J. Rayle is our student representative—Dial 7014 or see him on the camptis.
YOUR (HOKt OF smRfll DOions
flu muM WITH fnvtiopo
toCB&MCNE COMPANY