^ i “L < . "5 , ) , / c'^* i. ^ ’J ^1. ' ^ Sfr;^ ^ * *
V ^ S ^
(xJsdmnui., ^adiL.
Purdue
z-i*i
Volume 51, No. 36
Exponent
Saturday, October 21. 1939
Riveters Make First Home Stand Today Your New Headlines: Today's Schedule Michigan State s Pre-Game Odds'
Today the Exponent introduces something
new in make-up and headline style.
For long the Exponent has been “streamlined.” That is, the headlines have been as a flag which is being whipped by a wind, since ]the type starts even with the left-hand side of the column and trails out unevenly across the column, and, in the most modem style> white space has been used in place of column rules. Today we have gone a bit further along the path of “streamlining.” We have made the Exponent the most modern newspaper in makeup and headlines in the nation. For want of a
better name, we’ll call this new make-up and ■
headline style “surrealistic streamline.” The
style is called “surrealistic” because it goes fc^^*** ii-rciM*
“beyond” streamlining, and also changes the appearance of the page from the. traditional
style.
8 a.-m.—Registration, lobby of Purdue Memorial
Union.
11:45 a. m. to 1 p. m.—Mother, Dad, Son, and Daughter Luncheon, ballroom of Purdue Memorial Uqion. 2 p. m.—Football game, Purdue vs. Michigan State,
Ross-Ade Stadium.
4 to 5:30 p. m.—^Tea dance, ballroom of Purdue Me-
morial Union, free.
5 p. m.—Dad’s Day Dinners, organization houses. 7:30 p. m.—Smoker for Dads and Students, Purdue Memorial Union ballroom. Irvan Maury. Zouave Squad. 7:30 p. m.—Program for Mothers, music room. 9 p. ni.—Dance, Purdue Memorial Union ballroom,
Irvan Maury.
In headline principle, the Exponent adopts the Cincinnati Enquirer style of making the smaller head read as part of the larger one, and at the same time reverses the style of the Hearst papers, the Des Moines Register-Tri-bune, and others which use a few small-typed words underlined above the larger head. On the Exponent, the big head is one line, underruled, and the regular two-line head is subservient, running in streamline style. Another innovation is the use of two “sets” of these heads together to give the reader the important fact at the very first glance, with the two main lines making sense even without the smaller two-line heads. These new heads, reading as they do in almost sentence form and right into the story, eliminate the readjustment from the headlines’ conciseness to the stoties’ full sentences that has always been a burden to the reader in the past. The whole is streamlined, and distinctly modern.
Hope you like it.
J.A.P.
(An Editorial)
No mon, no fun, your son.
Dear Son: Too bad, so sad, your dad. That slightly bald “joke” has made the rounds of practically every college humor magazine in the country, and has been keeping mailmen busy since the first American Boy
went away to college.
Once a year, howeyer, on the Purdue campus the theme changes, and invitations to the Dad’s Day program are sent to the fathers of all University students. Each year that your dad is invited to visit the campus, he is put through a whirlwind of events. This year is no excep-
tion.
Dads and their families will lunch together in the Union this noon, and attend the football game in the afternoon. A smoker for dads is scheduled from 7:30 t^8:30 in the ballroom tonight, while a simultaneous program has been arranged for mothers and daughters in the music room. If your dad is visiting Purdue today, he will probably pay the bill for his own good time ... and perhaps yours, too. We’re pretty sure, however, that it will be a really good time, and that your dad will want to make many more visits to the University.
Ina Ray Hutton 'Blonde Bombshell' Will Swing, Sway Here October 28 For Union Mixer; Price, One Shekel Ina Hay Hutton, “blonde bombshell of rhythm,” and her Playboys will furnish the music for the mixer Saturday evening, October 28. The usual pi ice of one dollar will prevail. Featured at the Chez Paree in Chicago, the Palais Royale in New York, and a recently made short for Paramount, Ina, a platinum blonde beauty, gyrates ala Cab Calloway in front of her Playboys. Singing songs in the torchy man(Continued on page 7)
Flowers Go On Sale Traffic Plans Laid
In Union Building, WRH, Cary Halls This Morning At 10 From Gold Pepper Representatives Balloons, chrysanthemums, and green hair ribbons will be put on sale by the Gold Peppers, activities honorary for senior women, today from 10 to 12 in the Union building. Sorority and fraternity houses may make their purchases from Mary Petticrew and Margaret Sauer, who plan to canvass the campus this morning. Representatives will also be selling these articles at the Women’s Residence Halls and the Cary Halls, as well as during the first part of the game. Freshman girls are expected to wear their green hair ribbons.
Twenty-Four Foot Illuminated Sign Tops Main Tower Of Union; Welcomes Dads
Extending 24 feet into the air, the Union’s Dad’s Day sign will rest atop the ledge of the tower above the main entrance of the Union building. The sign, which is composed of three sections, two horizontal and one vertical, can be seen from all over the neighboring countryside, according to A. B. Clarke, Union vice-president, who is in charge of construction. Horizontal sections, which flank the vertical member, are each 10 feet long, and contain the words “Dad’s Day.” The vertical section is 24 feet in height, and has the word “Welcome” on three sides. The letters, which will be illuminated, are gold on a black background. On top of the vertical member will appear a lighted globe, a foot and a half in diameter. A sign similar to this one was constructed last year, but blew over because of poor bracing. The wind
force on the sides of the vertical section is approximately five or six hundred pounds. Sign Supports To hold the display against the force of the wind, iron braces have been placed in the ledge by members of the physical plant. Wire guys will also run to the four corners of the tower to hold the vertical sign in place. The two horizontal sections will be weighted with sand bags. A heavy electrical cord, coming directly from the main switchboard of the Union, will supply current for the 18 bulbs being used to illuminate the letters. Plans for the sign were drawn up last spring by Clark, and were approved by C. D. Bushnell, director of the physical plant. Actual work has been going on for four weeks, with six or seven persons working each day.
For Handling Cars / After Todays Game To Minimize Jams Near Three Main Parking Lot Gates To minimize automobile congestion following the Michigan State football game this afternoon, routes for leaving each of the thiee mam paiking areas have been definitely laid out. When leaving the parking aiea north of the stadium, drive east on Cherry lane to Noithwestern avenue, turn north on Northwestern and proceed to by-pass of U. S. 52, then to Lafayette and southward. When leaving the intramural field, drive east on Stadium avenue to Robinson stieet, follow Robinson to Ellsworth (North River road), turn south on Ellsworth to Howard cutoff, take Howard cutoff to Brown street and proceed east across Brown street levee. , When leaving Stuart field, drive south on Northwestern to Fowler, turn east on Fowler and Quincy to Ellsworth (North River road), turn south on Elsworth to Howard cutoff, take Howard cutoff to Brown street, and proceed east across Brown street levee. PIA Tea Dance . . . will be held in the Memorial Union ballroom immediately following the game today. The music will be furnished by recordings and the dancing will continue until 5:30. No charge will be made for admission. First Dad ... to register for Dad’s Day was G. C. Neff, CE ’07, of Madison, Wis., president of Wisconsin Power and Light Co. His son, W. J. Neff, is a junior in PSE.
Over-Shadow Boilermakers' Chances To Smash Victory ( But Spartans' Past Record Purdue's Many Injuries I Are Off-Set By Riveters Courage Combined With Under-Dog Spirit, Three Iron Men, Rankin, Bykowski, Morningstar, Which May Spell Defeat For Spartans By Joe Dolan Is this another one of those years when a great football team like the Boilermakers can’t walk to the water bucket without straining a muscle? We’ll see today when the Riveters^ injury-ridden eleven contacts Michigan State, a gridiron machine that has never lost three consecutive contests under the direction of Coach Bachman, an eleven that was compelled to stand idly by and watch Marquette defeat is due to a free kick ruling, a squad of athletes who held Michigan' and Tom Harmon scoreless during the last half of a battle with the Wolverines just two weeks ago. The Spartans arrived in town this morning to endeavor to teach the Boilermakers a lesson in football. With the Purdue spirit prevailing as it did at last night’s pep session, the lesson may be vice versa this afternoon at 2 in Ross-Ade Stadium. The Riveters will enter the game with the 3-0 defeat at the fllw Notre Dame still burning in its pads and vCllIlv Uil yVcl yoClS even more heated will b& the memory of just one week—^the ~ 7 thrilling tie against the Minnesota club. However, damaged as OpeCial Luncheon the GoM and Blacks were as far as physical condition is conf If* T J cerned in the two opening battles, the Elward-coached eleven In Union I Oday win enter today’s fracas in an even more aggravated condition I f 1% ■ ht Brown and Carl Verplank, two of PurLIBI S l\0OiSf0r wow due’s starring vets of the past two seasons. ^ PROBABLE LINEUP In Great Hall Any purdue Position Michigan htate Rankin L. E Blackburn Time From 1 To 8 Potter l. t Ketzko I ime rrom l l U O Bykowski^ L. G. Rockenbach Registration for dads will open Momingstar C. Ailing in the great hall of the Union at 8 Verplank R. G Grififeth this morning and continue all day. H. Johnson R. T Bruckner No definite program has been ar- Mackiewicz R. E Kinek ranged for the morning to allow Hennis Q. B 1 RoSSi parents time to get acquainted with Galvin L. H Wyman Davis the campus and to say hello to their Brock R. H : Pearce sons and daughters who are popu- DeWitte F, B Kaman lating the campus. Officials—Referee, Blake, Columbia; umpire, Clamo, BradThere will be a special luncheon ^^y; field judge, Layden, Notre Dame; head linesman. Miller, in the Union ballroom from 11:45 Indianapolis. to 1 o’clock. Special events on the ^^ p^iogram include talks by President A J Cl„ Jonfc against Pnr. E. C. Elliott, Paul Roystei, piesi- mIOiISvO jfliCivIllS due’s two opening opponents isn’t dent of the Purdue Parents Asso- — — in any condition for exercise in any orSe^fumon ” Ask FOr VICtOry IO manner. Carl Verplank, veteran ot btudent union. / suffering from a very Student Union will present prizes PrO “ PattiO Pallv slight concussion of the frontal reto the fattest dad, oldest one, bald- * gion of the brain, and fearing an est one, the one with the most chil- ■■ IHk L. accentuation of these injuries, the dien at the University, and the one H03I* ^i|| jJU||5jl00 Purdue coaching staff has decided who has come the farthest distance fo bench Brown and Verplank and to attend. I J VaIIc* insert John Galvin at half for the LmOaO OOngSf l eilS ailmg Brown and Jim Miller at Music for the luncheon will be ^ guard for Verplank. However, just furnished by the Mens Glee Club FrOm UoiOn TGWOr two nights ago, Galvin was inspectand Miss Alice Jeane Miller, stu- ' WfffWff f VTfCT den^ harpist Luncheon will be over .<Turn The Spartans Back To WBAA will start to broadcast the in plenty of time for parents to see Giease” was the theme of last Purdue - Michigan State football the annual senior parade, a feature night’s pep session as 1,500 game- game at 1:30 p. m. WO WO, Fort of the first home gamev hungry students paraded down Wayne; WIBC, IndianapoUs; and Tickets for the luncheon will be through the cam- WXYZ, Detroit, will start broadon sale from 8 a. m. to noon in the P"® building. casting the game at 2 p. m. great hall of the Union. Student ^ith the band furnishing the ; Union officials emphasized the fa^t marching medium the crowd swiided ^ physician due to a slight that this luncheon is a family af- p^st the Chem building, de-mus- fever that was prevalent in the fair and not limited to dads alone, taching a senior en route, turned sophomore halfback’s makeup. Special Tea Dance southward past the howling (?) These injuries aren’t the only lions to State street and thence to ones on the squad, but Potter's inStarting immediately after the the main entrance of the Union. jured hand, and A1 Rossi’s bumped game and lasting until 5:30 p. m. From a vantage point on the Un- fbigh won’t necessitate removing there will be a special tea dance balcony. Bill Dunshee brought young men from play. Puropen to everybody in the Union ball- ordei' out of chaos with a Purdue due s ii*on men, Davey Rankin, end, room. series yell. R. B. Stewart then took Bussy Bykowski, guard, are in Many organization houses and niike of the public address sys- tip-top shape and Augie MoimingGary Halls and the Women s Resi- tern and entertained the crowd with star, great center and line backer, dence Halls are planning special ^ Rooseveltian tirade against the cei'tain starters, dinners for the pai ents today and ancient men of Sparta. And the The Michigan State lineup will tomorrow. crowd filled in with customary ap- same one that ran Michigan In the evening there will be a plause at the very convenient over Ann Arbor before going smoker for the dads in Union ball- pauses. down in defeat, 26-13. Incidentally room starting at 7:30. The Purdue g^y Weber, new freshman co-ed ®f Michigan’s points were countOrder of Zouaves, captained by cheer leader, gave a small sample during the initial half, and the Cadet Col. Hurst, will present a 16- Qf what the crowd may expect to- Spartans scored their 13 digits durman drill. Irvan Maury will provide day when she led one of the yells. ^a^fthe music for the program. There Red Mackey, line coach, speaking will also be a special program for foi> the team which is temporarily ^50 CoUfdfiktS mothers in the music room at 7:30. quartered in Mudlavia, brought a • Special Dad’s Day services will sad note into the affair when he ... swayed to the suave swing be held in most of the Lafayette and made official the rumor that Jack music of Vincent Lopez last night West Lafayette churches tomorrow. (Continued on page 7) at the mixer in the Union ballroom.itu^' *•!' (iiipriiiiirhitiiwirrifiWiri^i
SSPSBOS^
i
ipi;
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday# October 21# 1939
But
Incidentally— By PetroT If you wandered past the Union yesterday morning about eight o’clock, you probably noticed a very interesting thing. At each end of the road that goes past the east side of the Union there was a barricade of pipes stuck in the road But just how did that gigantic truck get between the pipes to park conspicuously just east*of the library’ That’s a problem to start on, but forget that for awhile We want to know just how they got rid of the whole set-up At noon the truck AND the pipes had vanished into thin air * o * Pixies, no doubt. * ♦ >!■ But we’re ready for anything that this construction company does The other day one of their laborers was leaning languorously against the door of the construction shack listening to the dainty strains of “Tales From the Vienna Woods” filtering out the door. * * * Muthic hath chamth, we geth. Before we forget it, we hope none of you missed the double feature offered at one of the local theaters last week. The combination was* “Million Dollar Legs” “The Magnificent Fraud” * * * Attention’ All who hail from Gary. You have been duly disowned A radio announcer recently told us that a certain offer was available to all people who live in “Michigan, Indiana, or Gary ” * * * Now comes a reminder to the Chemicals to read yesterday’s New Yorker. Some research expert is quoted as sajnng that chemical engineers and preachers make the best husbands * * ♦ But the worst dates, say we. We couldn’t resist that la^t'crack, and we’re sort of Sony, because a chemistry man told us a very interesting thing yesterday Them as knows how can produce, under suitable laboratory conditions, pressures less than absolute zero Now doesn’t that make a vacuum look sick’ * ♦ iH It’s the biggest suck in the “U ” * * * AFTERTHOUGHT DEPARTMENT Last night the clever little men who run the street cars around town pulled a dirty one on the masses# Pep-silly students were continually yanking trolleys
Jjumhf JoUl Cords, Canes . . . carefree spirit, derbies, and mustaches (what few are left) will all combine this afternoon to give color and a carnival air to the Senior Parade. Today belongs to Boilermaker senior men and women, and to Purdue dads. The seniors will bring their cords out into the light of day, and many a dad will re-live his own Senior Parade as he sits in Ross-Ade Stadium. Happy in their new rainment of cords and derbies, waving their canes, exhibiting a few battle-scarred mustaches, the seniors will march to the stadium, parade around the gridiron, then assemble in the stands. Derbies will fly in the air, changing hands many times as they rise and fall, when the Boilermakers make their first touchdown. Cord-wearing seniors will dance free as guests of the Union at tonight’s cord mixer. Hopes have not been raised too high for the game with Michigan State. Fearful of adding to a discouraging injury list, which now includes Jack Brown, Carl Verplank, Leon DeWitte, and others, the coaching staff has even refrained from holding a single rough scrimmage during this week’s practice. Regardless of the team’s condition, however, we know the Boilermaker gridders have the fighting spirit that makes winners. You may count on them to carry the Gold and Black colors with honor this afternoon. Whatever the score may be when the final gun sounds across the field, Purdue Spirit will be there. We think Purdue’s Senior Parade, with its cords, canes, mustaches, and stunts, is one of the finest traditions practiced by any college in the country.
until the motoimen pulled a nice little trick out of their bag ik ^ ^ They pulled the trolley down, put it up in the front, and proceeded to go forwai d in reverse with a weather eye out for pranksteis * * * If you noticed a wicked gleam in the motorman’s eye, he was just considering the merits of backing up forward Like we study.
Dean A. A. Potter Vesper Service
. . of the school of engineering and trustee of the Engineering Foundation, left for New York City Tuesday for a meeting of that body The foundation has supported important research in the University for several years On Friday he will attend a meeting of the Engineers’ Council for profession development, also, as head of the committee on patents for the engineering profession, he will preside over a meeting of that organization
. . will be held by YWCA in the faculty lounge of the Union at 4 p m Sunday afternoon Dr 0 C Trimble, of the education and applied science department, will speak A violin solo will be given by Louise Berckholtz
USE EXPONENT ADS
UIRKiSIU Slarts TOMORROW
The KING of SWING'S ON THE LOOSE! Artie Shaw and his Swing Cats in 19 red-hot rhythms’ Swmg, Amenca’
MIDNIGHT PREYUE TONITE 11:30
ANNE SH1R1
EDWARD ELLIS and
SAimyELS. HINDS
lANET
BEECHER RAD^ LEON ERROL
Alice eden • john archer
SilKtid ttmiijl JitM L. Luk/k
rtsHeliwMr’freffW'
DHERfi
(
-LAST TIMES TODAYGORGEOUS GINGER'S COMEDY SENSATION! 'FIFTH AVENUE GIRL' — WITH — GINGER ROGERS WALTER CONNOLLY
— LAST DAY — RICHARD ARLEN "TROPIC FURY" — A N D — CHARLES STARRETT — IN — 'Out- Post of the Mounties'
SUNDAY - MONDAY HEDY LAMARR ROBERT TAYLOR — IN — "LADY OF THE TROPICS" — AND — BORIS KARLOFF — IN — "THE MAN THEY COULD NOT HANG"
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Udity
To those seniors that got off to an early start last night ... we wish you a cheery GOOD morning and suggest a glass of tomato juice and a cup of black coffee to start off your day. —B & B— , LAMENT OF AN “EE” What’s her name? I’d like to ftieter. I don’t know, but it would be nice to conductor ohm. If she doesn’t spark, maybe we can transformer. I’d like to gram her in my arms and condenser. Those clothes she’s wearing are shocking. It IS revolting, but it is the current style Looks like she’s a live-wire. The insulation is pretty thin. Looks like a dry-cell on her neck. (Dumb but beautiful is all we could decide). After due consideration we derived the law of Ohm: Current style times her resistance equals the potentials. —B ^ B— Dear B & B Editor This came into our hands last night It looks like a controversy to us Take it for what it’s worth —Nite Eds * “We don’t want oui game interlupted but we think the freshmen are sissies if they don’t come down and say hello to a couple of nice black mustaches in the bowling alleys after we went to all the trouble to walk deal ovei to the Union Aie you mice or are you mice We think you are mice
ARC
■LAST TIMES TODAY—
SUNDAY - MONDAY "EX-CHAMP" "HAWAII CALLS" "MICKEY MOUSE"
FOX NEWS
MARS
Starts TODAY
‘You’ll have to put him on a diet—try health bread and mineral water.’’
In fact, small mice. One might even say insignificant mice. Even cowardly mice. Why even mention you.” —Seniors. P S They are mice. B & B JUST A POINT OP VIEW: First Girl: “I’ve a friend I want you girls to meet.” Athletic Girl: “What can he do?” Chorus Girl: “How much has he got’” Literary Girl: “What has he read’” Society Girl: Who are his family’” Religious Girl: “What church
does he belong to?” CO-ED: “Where is he?” —Swiped —B & B— Some more suckers took the bait this past week but we are reserving their names until next week as that will be known as FISH WEEK. —B & B— To Chuck Gardner goes this week’s DOUBLE MARS PASSES for his Lament of a EE ” We didn’t know what he was torking about as we are all Mechanicals . . and speaking of Mechanicals, we wonder if it IS just possible that the MB’s won’t win the G A. Young trophy today
At 10:30 for FINE FOOD The
Give DAD the Courtesy and Complete Convenience He Will Enjoy and Remember to ( Boast About fiWvdjUJL ^YyisufyufwodL lAmotL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of ActivitiesSaturd<xy', October 21, 1939
^xponsunL SpifdL fiaqsL
X
Meredith Clubbers
'To Hear Lecture On Old Furniture
At the regular meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith Club, tq be held October 26 at 7:30 p. m. in the home economics auditorium, Mrs. C. 0. Lee, former instructor in the applied design department, will present a lecture on period furniture. Movies will be shown in the American wing of Metropolitan Museum.
Membership cards, which may be obtained between glasses in the main home economics auditorium today and tomorrow, will be required for admission to the meeting, according to Mary Glen Yeager, president of the organization.
The Scorecard
Including interest discussion groups on etiquette, consumer education, hobbies, and good grooming, the club officers have planned a complete and interesting program for the coming year. Girls inay sign up at the October meeting for their group preference.
For Your Convenience We have added > COLUMBIA BRUNSWICK and VOCALION
RECORDS
To supplement our edready complete VICTOR RECORD DEPT
New listening booths under construction
Generous stock of the new releases by ORRIN TUCKER and DICK JURGENS
THE FOSTER SHOP
EAST SIDE SQUARE
As the Big Ten race begins to take shape with today’s games, we are herein for the first time printing our reasons for picking the conference games as we do, and will add to these reasons our reasons for predictions of some of the other leading games. Ill the Big Ten, Michigan will find it difficult to adhere to the Yost policy of moderate scores. The Maize and Blue university athletic director feels that it is detrimental to the game for one team to run up a big score. It would take a miracle for the Maroons to beat the Wolverines this year, and little short of one to keep Michigan from scoring an average of two touchdowns a quarter. Hoosiers Tough Indiana should be three touchdowns better than Illinois. The Zuppke eleven has little to bank on this year, while the Hoosiers, sparked by a dangerous passing attack, might score at any time. Here’s a tough one to pick, but we are pretty definite in our choice. Minnesota should handle the un-
beaten Buckeyes in spite of or because of the loss and tie w'hich mar a great Gopher team’s record thus far this season. Ohio State is tough, however, or Missouri or Northwestern would have crossed the Buck (goal line. It is enough to say that we have seen Minnesota play. For the benefit of Badger fans we are pleased to announce our belief that the unbelievable will again happen today in the Northwestern game. The Purple squad, before the season opened, rated as one of the best at that institution in several years, hasn’t scored yet, has lost two games, and we think will lose a third, although close one, to the Badgers. We Win, Wot?
Boilermaker's Basketball
fever Sets In Early As Riveter Fresh Begin Drill For Coming Season's Games
Practice Starts Monday
For Varsity Netters When They Open
Workouts In Preparation For DePaul
Purdue will beat Michigan State. The game won’t be a runaway, but in spite of the injuries on the Gold and Black squad it is due to lick the Spartans by a touchdown or two. Iowa is inactive today. We still think that Tennessee is the best in the South. Notre Dame looks far too good for the Navy. ,We feel (hope) that Santa Clara will upset St. Mary’s. Our opinions in the other games speak for themselves as best they can. Several persons are unaware of the fact that it is not necessary to (Continued on page 6)
With the football season approaching its mid-point indications of the notorious Hoosier basketball fever are already evident. Riveter freshman netters have been practicing for two weeks and several members of last year’s varsity have been working out at the Fieldhouse.
UMl LOUNliE
See Our Complete Line of McGregor Sportswear
ROSENTHAL'S
322 Main St.
Phone 5975
LUCIEN LELONG'S
3 LIPSTICKS IN A LEATHER KIT
YOUR FALL COSTUMES DEMAND THESE 3 SMART LIPSTICK SHADES
Clever Lucien Lelong puts three lipsticks in a little kit— to harmonize with any of your Fall ensembles. There is Robin Hood Red for your green, brown or gray costumes —a wine shade for your wines and blues—a pink for your pastels and light formals. Maybe college girls started the vogue, hut fashion-minded women have taken it up.
TIC TAG TOE 3 Lipstick Kit
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
Phone 6477
Best indication of the rapidly approaching basketball season is the announcement by Head Coach Piggy Lambert that varsity netters will report for their first practice Monday afternoon at the Fieldhouse. Veterans will begin a long schedule of workouts to get into shape for the first tilt of the season against De Paul on December 11 and promising sophomores will be battling to get their chance to play in the Boilermaker lineup. Seek To Regain Prestige This year’s basketball squad and Coach Lambert will be fighting to return the Boilermakers to a dominating position in the Western Conference race. Last year’s Riveters had to be content with fourth place, so the present team will be seeking to regain Boilermaker prestige, since Riveter teams have figured in six titles within the last decade.
Michigan State Supporters Come Musically Equipped Band Arrives
By Train At 9 A. A4. Union Headquarters
Coach Lambert will be seeking replacement for Gene Anderson, captain of the 1938-39 team and one of the smoothest ball handlers ever to play for the Boilermakers, and Tom Dickinson, speedy guard. Fred Beretta, this season’s captain who played regularly at guard throughout last year; Eli Yeager, senior guard; Dan Fisher, veteran forward; Bob Igney, who led Riveter scorers last year; and Red Swarts and Jake Weber, who spelled Anderson at center last year, will undoubtedly figure prominently in this year’s schedule. More Veterans
Accompanying the large group of supporters coming from Michigan State today will be the university band of 100 pieces under the direction of Leonard Falcone. The band will arrive by train at 9 a. m. this morning, and will set up headquarters for the day at the Union building. No information has been received as to the type of formation to be presented during the halftime intermission.
In addition. Piggy can rely on Fosse, Lorenz, Herschelman, Witts-
man, Stamm, Vernon, Stallings, and Pauline of last year’s squad to add to the Boilermaker reserve power or even to supplant last season’s regulars on the first team. Frosh Coach Dutch Fehring has passed on a number of last year’s freshmen to supplement Piggy’s squad. Korschot, Tierney, Nuetzel, Blankin, Riggs, Blemker, Adams, Sprowl, and Compton will all be striving to show up the veterans and take their places in the Riveter lineup.
. . . WELCOME DADS . . .
Enjoy Excellent Food at Reasonable Prices at
MITZI CAFE
Short Orders Our Specialty T-Bones — Chops — Oysters
213 Vine Street
West Lafayette
Dad will be interested in-
the new buildings on the campus— the Purdue-Michigan State football gamethe smoker in the Union ballroom and last but not least—the Dads’ Day Mixer
Peter Anderson Garage
525 Alabama 24 Hour Service
Phone 4048 After You We Come Firstsm
41^ i 1
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, October 21# 1939
\,>
_J
^jhoJUJL
By Robert J. Deckard
It’s Navy man versus Navy man today when Michigan State’s aroused Spartans tangle with Purdue’s scorchinghot Boilermakers in a gridiron affair on the local lot where two ex-service men, Charles Bachman and Mai Elward, mentors of the Green and White and Gold and Black contingents, respectively, will endeavor to match strategy with strategy and team against team. —fc—
Following Bachman’s graduation at Notre Dame in 1917 after playing guard and full for Jesse Harper that won his All-Western selection honors, Bachman enlisted in the Navy and served at the Great Lakes Training Station, where he was a member of the famous football team representing that cantonment. He played center on this team, winning the All-Service team selection. —^fc— Elward also saw “service” at the Irish institution where he played under the direction of the late Knute Rockne, but it wasn’t long before Mai served in the Naval Air Reserve. After some time he coached the Newport Naval Reserve team that scored outstanding victories over Harvard and Brown. He also coached the Hampton Roads Training eleven that won 14 straight games, and his last two years in the service were spent at the Hampton Roads Air Station where his team won the Fifth District Naval Championship. —^fc— Perhaps the most unusual thing about Bachman’s career as a football mentor is that he signed as head
coach of football at Northwestern where at the age of 24 he was known as the “boy coach” of the Western Conference. After leaving the Wildcat institution, he became head coach at Kansas State College and remained there for eight years. He accepted the head coaching position at the University of Florida in 1928 and served there for five years, going directly to Michigan State from that assignment. —fc— Bachman is tall, inclined to thinness, broad - shouldered, baldish, grey-eyed, rugged-featured, affable, kindly, keen, tireless. He has written several books concerning the game of football, is under contract as a sporting goods designer for a national sporting goods manufacturer and reads history for relaxation. He is inclined to be liberal-minded in football affairs, and even in politics, but insists that success must be founded on flawless execution of fundamentals. His attack is chiefly the Notre Dame style, but he frequently makes radical variations. —^fc— Bachman’s teams have competed in 177 games, winning 102, losing 59 ,and tying 16. At Michigan State his Spartans have amassed a total of 38 wins, 11 losses, and 16 ties. From his some 20-odd years of football experience, Bachman has had a wealth of experience and is universally recognized as one of the game’s keenest technicals. —^fc— Bachman’s teams have scored in all but six of the 53 games played, while opponents have failed to score in 21. The best defensive record was claimed by his 1933 team with'36 points scored against it, and his best offensive record was made in 1934, this team scoring 207 points. Michigan and Boston College are the only teams to have scored three touchdowns against Bachman’s team in a single game. —^fc— The longest winning streak ever negotiated by Bachman’s squads
Thursday Last Day Riveter Athletes
For Debris Sittings Williamson Warns
Seniors are reminded by A1 Williamson of Debris that after next Thursday no more senior sitting^ will be made. Any senior applying at the office regardless of whether or not he has an appointment will be taken care of. Present conditions make it necessary for 115 pictures to be taken a day to complete the schedule by Thursday. In order that no one will be left out it is urged that negligent seniors report to the Debris office as soon as possible, preferably Monday or Tuesday.
climaxing today’s festivities will get under way at 9 tonight in the Union ballroom. Dancing will be before a backdrop symbolizing the Dad-Son relations. Senior eds attired in cords, as well as senior co-eds wearing cord jackets, will be guests of the Union. Most others will be charged the usual dollar fee. Irv Maury and his campus band will provide music for the affair.
To Receive 'Iron Idol' From Reamers
ers on hand to receive donations for the cause. All contributors, whether they give a dime or ten dollars, will sign a record book to preserve the names of the subscribers, indefinitely. I
To Have Mascot
Rensselaer 27, Jeff 7
By Homecoming Game At Latest
As yet the exact form of the mascot has not been decided, although the robot which was favored by the writer of the suggestion has been def^itely eliminated as “too liable to get out of adjustment,” and as having too high a first cost.
was six games in succession on two different occasions. The Spartans won the last three games of the 1934 season and the first three in 1935 before Boston College won, 18 to 6. Starting with the Missouri game in 1937, State won again six straight, this streak being broken by Auburn in the Orange Bowl, 6-0. When Santa Clara won 7 to 6 and Missouri won 6 to 0 last year, it was the first time that any of his teams lost two games in succession. Marquette and Michigan duplicated this feat during the las wo weeks. —^fc— His teams have amassed 735 points in six seaoons, with the opponents garnering only 283 during the same period. The average score per game was State 14 plus, opponents five plus.
A small but exceptionaly fast and deceptive Rensselaer eleven walloped Jefferson of Lafayette last night, 27-7. Using an array of tricky reverses combined with some accurate pasisng by Kanne, the Rensselaer team scored once in the first quarter, again in the third, and concluded their brilliant tallying display with a pair of touchdo'^mns in the final period. Jeff scored their lone marker in the second quarter.
Purdue’s athletic squads may soon have a mascot! Following the suggestion made in a letter to the Editor in the Exponent several weeks ago, the Reamer Club has undertaken the project of financing and producing a mechanical mascot for University student body. Don Rice, chairman of the committee in charge, announced yesterday that a table would be set up in the Union this morning with Ream.
Plans favored by Director of Athletics Noble Kizer, and Auditor of Student Organizations Bill Bodden would have the mascot in the form of a locomotive, mounted on the chassis of an automobile, and supplied with unlimited quantities of smoke, steam, and noise. Another plan would make it a small steam roller.
The Reamer Club hopes to get the project moving swiftly and have the monster on hand for Homecoming. The total cost of the venture has been estimated at $120.
I-M Schedules
TOUCHBALL—Monday, October 23 Field Official 1— Phi Kappa vs Phi Gamma Delta. Smithson 2— Sigma Chi vs Alpha Kappa Lambda. Papurca 3— Tau Epsilon Phi vs Tau Kappa Epsilon Brinduse 4— Delta Upsilon vs Pi Kappa Phi. Luce 5— Acacia vs Kappa Sigma McGrath 6— Sigma Alpha Mu vs Theta Chi. Witsman 7— Alpha Tau Omega vs Sigma Phi Epsilon. Chaffee 8— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Alpha Chi Eho. Chapman SOFTBALL—Monday,’October 23 Diamond 16—Phi Kappa Sigma vs Pi Kappa Alpha or Kappa Sigma Umpire—Goldstein >
Fire Place Fixtures and Irons Fire Screen 4 Piece Fire Sets Complete Sets $12.50 and up.
MOORE & KEMPLE HARDWARE North Sides Square
BAKER’S BEST
as a cloud, tasty, crusty, and topped with a flaky powdering of special sugar. Good? They are terrific . ... I
GRAVES QUALITY BAKERY
Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. ‘Catering to Fraternities and Sororities^’
WELCOME DADS Have Your Best Dinner at the XV CHINA CAFE
409 COLUMBIA ST.
We specialize in serving all the American and Chinese food
at popular prices.
Had wants it— to see college life as you live it.
Ion want it— to relive the scenes of the best days of your life.
CDebJuA, "^mfdBbL ^amfujLA, (^ooshaqsL.
—amL mw wsl
bhxnq^ spjuL
New Hair Shaping
A grand method brought here by MR. PAUL, nationally famous hair stylist.
It eliminates the bulky masses and width. Also contours the hair without changing the length.
It's Easy to Handle Too-
in fact you can brush it as vigorously as you wish and comb it back in place easily. All our operators have been trained by Mr. Paul. CONSULTATION GRATIS
We Advise aii Early Appointment PHONE 7901
Soft Water
SmuJjf, SjaiofL
LOEB&HCNC COMPANY
Soft Water
323-329 Columbia
Phone 7901
.,1V!
*r'
.tl.„* L, !
Saturday, October 21, 1939
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
CAA Training Opened To Co-eds For Initial Time Women Eligible For Government Flight instruction At least two women will be admitted to the Civil Aeronautics Authority flight course, G. S. Meikle, director of the Purdue Research Foundation, announced yesterday. The CAA has authorized Purdue to use at least a small portion of its civilian pilot training quota for women and President Elliott has approved the allotment of at least two properly qualified women. Requirements are the same as for men. The student must have reached her 18th but not her 25th birthday by September 1,1939; she must be enrolled as a full-time day student; she must have had no solo flying experience; and she must have the permission of her parent or guardian.
JojmJUwjv in the
Baptist Students 9:30 a, m.—Roger Williams Club class. 10:36 a. m.—Sermon by pastor, Joseph Baird Gleason. The subject will be “The Angel’s Lily.” 11:46 a. m.—Photograph to be taken of Baptist students. 6:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Home Hour. Lunch, 10 cents. 6:30 p. m.—W. O. Lewis, executive secretary of Baptist World Alliance, will be the speaker. 7:30 p. m.—W. 0. Lewis will bring the message. Methodist Students 8 a. m.—Freshman Commission breakfast (free). 9:30 a. m.—Sunday School. Co-ed department at the Foundation: 1. “Life of Christ,” June Denny Cox.
2. “Personalities of the Religions Emphasis Week,”^ Glenora McPadden. Men’s student department at the church (Main and South streets): 1. “Bible Class,” Prof. J.T. Gunn. 2. “Preparation for Home and Marriage,” D. H. Patterson. 3. “The Liquor Problem,” Dr. C. O. Lee. 4. “World Peace,” Rev. McFadden. 10:40—^Morning worship. Sermon by Dr. O. S. Steele. 6 p. m.—Fellowship supper (15c) at the Foundation House. 6:30—Epworth League, discussion groups on: 1. “Preparation for Home and Marriage,” Mrs. McFadden. 2. “World Peace,” Rev. (McFadden. 3. “Christianity and Economic Justice,” resource men: Dr. A. A. Smith and others. Episcopal Students Meeting at St. John’s Church, 6th and Ferry streets, Lafayette. Holy Commimion at 8 a. m. Morning prayer and sermon by rector, 10:45. St. John’s Fellowship, 6 p. m. This year’s college and university enrollment in the U. S. is expected to total approximately 1,400,000.
A new and special low premium policy for students. Carefully designed to perfectly fit your present situation and with options so flexible as to fit your future needs whatever they may happen to be. THE LAFAYETTE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY % Home Office LAFAYETTE, INDIANA A Mutual Old Line Legal Reserve Company
Foitir Star Fasliions hy HART SCHAFFNER &> MARX First in films—and first in fashions. That’s Hollywood l4iil —bring you clothes that reflect the authentic style ideas of the movie stars! Four Star Fashions are up-to-the-minute style interpretations direct from the center of cinema. Hart Schaffner & Marx observers constantly cover the California fashion front—^ot what leading male stars are wearing. Skilled Hart Schaffner & Marx designers and tailors interpret them for you. We bring you these authentic fashions within just a short time after they are origfnally seen on ~ the West Coast. The smart, broad-shouldered, single-breasted model, shown here, is only one idea in our great new collection. We urge you to come in tomorrow if you want to inspect one of the really $^9.50 new ideas in men’s wear. Prices beein at
500 MAIN ST.
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
Don't moke him walk. TAKE A CAB Don't leave him high and dry without a cor. TAKE A CAB Don't forget to show him the campus. TAKE A CAB
CALL 5031 or 3071 YELLOW CAB COI
y
' ff' •>■-'•,'i" ^ ^
, 1 v i'
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. October 21. 1939
'Good Opportunities
For Young People InTechnical Fields' Says A. T. Beck In Speaking To University Group Thomas H. Beck, president of Ciowell-Collier Publishing Co., addressing a group of University students yesterday morning, stated that there are thousands of opportunities for youth in bringing about new developments in the technical field. Beck, who spoke before students in industrial management and home economics, said that there are op- ’ portunities on all sides of today’s youth. As a case in point he refei red to the two-way telephone for automobiles. He said that he knew of only one automobile so equipped, although it was estimated that 6,000,000 automobile owneis would be interested in such a development. Since arriving on the campus Thursday morning. Beck has inspected the general engineering shops and laboratories as well as the psychological laboratory. Last Thursday evening he was the guest of President Edward C. Elliott. A noon luncheon, bringing to a close Beck’s foimal visit to the University, was held yesterday Thirteen University of Texas students were on the British ship Atheiiia when it was torpedoed at the opening of the Euiopean war.
Purdue Exponent' R. E. Insler . . EdItor-in-Chlef W. E. Smith _ .. Bnsinw Manacer D. G. Teirio Editorial Director G. W. Frederick ManaginK Editor E. M. AntoninL Senior AdTertising Manager G. Schilling .„ . Co-ed Editor R. Jenkins „ Sports Edtior Phones: Editorial, 4006; Bnslness, 5038; Sports, 2702 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, ahd at the special rate of postage prorided for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, authoriied January 20, 1922, National Advertising Representatives: National Advertising Service, Ine.. 4M MsdS- . son Avenue, New York, N. Y. Member Associated Collegiate Press. This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director Night Editor Miers Issue Editor Skallerup
By Hank Miller As blunders go, here is another one. Ed Thorgeson, popular news reel sports, commentator, held down the position of radio announcer a few years ago until his career was abruptly called to a halt. One night Ed was on a remote program announcing a dance band. During the course of the show, he read several commercials and after one particular commercial, he turned away from the mike and said: “There, if they believe that oiie. I’ll feed ’em another.” He wasn’t far enough from the mike and as a result he lost his job and it wasn’t until just recently that he got back on the air. —e-e— This afternoon at 1:30 WBAA will start the broadcast of the game preliminaries consisting of 20 minutes of description of the seniors and their parade. This pre-game broadcast will include much of the history of such traditions as the cord and mustache fights between the seniors and the frosh. WXYZ, Detroit, will also give a play - by - play description of the game. —e-e— Rumors from those in the know have it that the Board of Trustees have just approved a tentative program schedule for WBAA providing for 18 hours of broadcasting a day. The time would probably be from 6 a. m. until midnight. This is only the beginning, however, as a petition has to be presented to the Federal Communications Commission in Washington, D. C., asking for this time. If this time is granted at all, it probably won’t be for a >ear or so. It gives one something to look forward to, however, and maybe sometime, there will be a full time station on the campus. •—-e-e— Well, 73 (mustaches) be back m a flash.
Thefa Chi
. . . social fraternity, announces the additional pledging of Raymond Miles, West Lafayette; Bert Hineline, Rochester, N. Y.; Charles Keene, Michigan City; and Charles Cannon, Michigan City.
C. E. WOLFORD Shoe Repairing 109 Vine Street west Lafayette, Indiana
WELCOME DADS TO TOM’S ARMORY RESTAURANT A wonderfully satisfying dinner, Large, Meaty, Complete DINNER—25c Delicious, Tender T-Bone Steak — succulent, thick, and sweet as a nut. 40c Across from Armory
Mail Order Prices On EASTMAN KODAKS HINEA'S
634 Main Street
Phone 7775
WELCOME DADS BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING 221 State — Phone 2240 Formerly in Varsity Boot Shop
The Scorecard (Continued from page 3) clip the blank out of the Exponent to send in guesses. The games may be copied onto a piece of paper and any number of persons may guess on that sheet of paper. The Scorecard, as we think it will read tonight: (Home teams first.) California 13, Washington State 12 Chicago 0, Michigan 54 Columbia 13, Princeton 6 Harvard 7, Pennsylvania 6 Illinois 6, Indiana 27 Georgia Tech 14, Vanderbilt 0 Minnesota 13, Ohio State 0 Missouri 13, Kansas State 7 Nebraska 20, Baylor 7 New York U. 0, Carnegie 6 Northwestern 6, Wisconsin 7 Notre Dame 20, Navy 0 Oklahoma 26, Kansas 0 Pittsburgh 20, Duquesne 7 Purdue 7, Michigan State 0 Southern Methodist 13, Marquette 7 Tennessee 14, Alabama 7 Texas 20, Arkansas 0 Texas Christian 6, Texas A & M 1 Washington 14, Oregon State 12 Yale 0, Army 7 Santa Clara 13, St. Mary’s 6 Prof. H. W. Heine ... of the School of Pharmacy, has returned from St. Paul, Minn., where he attended the annual meeting of the National Association of Retail Druggists. Thirty - seven druggists from Indiana attended the sessions from October 10 to 14.
dUnt, and, dink. By Georgann Schilling
Relating your latest doings and don’tings .. . Baseball has put away its equipment for another year; football interest is on the up grade; six week tests are coming—and going. Here we go . . . H & H An interesting Italian exhibit is featured in the display case in the lobby of the Home Economics building this week. Included are linens woven by the aunt and sister of Franca Matricardi, an Italian exchange student on the campus last year. The pottery on display was made at Franca’s father’s art school in Italy. A large doll dressed in Sardinian costume is the center of the exhibit. This doll was brought back from Italy by Hope Reisner, who studied there last winter. H & H After last night’s ball, an ordinary dance tonight would be a let down. Not so when the Senior Cord dance is on the docket. The upperclassmen and women will swing out tonight garbed in their corduroy attire. Kappa Sigma fraternity has planned an informal dance at the chapter house. The seniors without dates have planned activities which censorship bans keep from being publicized. See you around!
Executive Board Holds Banquet At a short after dinner meeting in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union last night the Purdue Dads and Mothers Association was introduced to past and present University affiliates. Paul Royster, president of the association, introduced Paul Cooper, president of the Student Union, who in turn introduced the ^vice-presi-dents. Dean Fisher, Dean Stratton, David Ross, ’93, and President Elliott. Short talks were given, the main address being delivered by President Elliott. Members of the board of directors of the parents’ association include: W. F. Bowden, Chicago, 111.; Arthur McQueen, West Lafayette; Charles Meyer and Don Morrison, both of Indianapolis; C. B. Petticrew. Pine Bluff, Ark.; H. W. Reiman, Shelbyville; Paul Roster, Lafayette, president of the council; and A. E. Wells, Dearborn, Mich. Mrs. R. B. Cooley, West Lafayette; Mrs. Howard Decker, Lafayette* secretary; Mrs. 0. F. Hall and Mrs. Amon Swope, both of West Lafayette; Mrs. F. E. Laramore, Evanston, 111.; Mrs. Lynn Miller, Montmorenci, vice-president; Mrs. Heni’y Roberts, Indianapolis; Mrs. Clell Sexton, Jasonville; and Mrs. Robert Williamson, Lafayette.
Dr. C. J. Klemme ... of the School of Pharmacy will talk before the Indiana Society of X-ray Technicians today at the Lincoln Hotel in Indianapolis on For-^ mal Education and the Adjunctive Professions to Medicine.” Dr. Kl6mme is in charge of courses in radiography at the University and supervises the taking of chest films for the Student Health Service in its tuberculosis survey each year.
He Has His Eyes on YOU
Send the West Side Cleaners all your cleaning for a really superior job. The mad round of parties during the coming holiday season will take its toil on your formal wear. Before it starts, be sure that everything is in perfect order, and during the gay whirl keep everything in applepie order with West Side Cleaning. Remember West Side for all cleaning needs.
WEST SIDE CLEANERS
Northwestern Avenue at Vine
The Tie That Ties Up Into A Perfect Knot
New and Smart “TYBEST” NECKWEAR for Young Men I Glorious new colors and color combinations. Clever new patterns that will please you. Truly neckwear of excellence —designed to blend perfectly with modern apparel. 55c and $1,00 THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St.
Get the Gang Together And stop in for a delicious frosted malt, a sundae, a dish of ice cream or a cup of hot chocolate. You can also enjoy an evening of dancing on a smooth floor. Make the Frosted Malt Shop a meeting place.
French Fried POPCORN—CARMEL CRISP FROSTED MALT SHOPPE
Make Things Easy for Dad This Week-End by Riding the Street Car to the Game. ^jcVul, Sc 3'hssL Jhmi&fsuidu LAFAYETTE STREET RAILWAY, INC
9th and Main
Phone 3475
K
rf
I *
iV (f
-1 '(Saturday* October 2L 1939
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Co-eds Plan Pledging Ceremonies Late Today Hutton When Did Cords Start? Ask The Class Of V7
Dinners, coflfee hours, and pledging ceremonies are being arranged for Dads today by members of sororities and the Women’s Residence Halls as the whole campus joins in the celebration of Dad’s Day. Bronze and yellow chrysanthemums will decorate the tables at the Alpna Chi Omega dinner, which will be served in banquet style. A short skit will be presented by the pledges. Alpha Xi Delta’s dinner will include other family members as guests as well as dads. A pledg-
State-Wide
. . . meeting of seed wholesalers and retailers will be held Tuesday, October 24, at 10 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union. Proposed rules and regulations for the administration of the Federal seed act, which becomes eifective February 4, 1940, will be discussed. The rules and regulations will be compiled and sent to the regional meeting at Kansas City as representative of the seed dealers of Indiana.
ing ceremony for the fathers of new pledges and initiation services for fathers of new initiates will be held following the dinners at the Chi Omega, Kappa Alpha Theta and Phi Mu houses. At the Kappa Kappa Gamma house and at the Residence Halls, a coffee hour will be held immediately after the game. These will be followed by dinners with the Dads as special guests. Pi Beta Phi and Pedalion will entertain with similar dinners. Illinois State ... Teachers’ Association has invited Dr. I. Walerstein of the Physics department to be the principal speaker at their meeting on October 28. Dr. Walter stein, who is in charge of the demonstration lectures in the Physics department, is 'one of the outstanding teachers of the subject, and has contributed a great many articles to the Aiherican Physics Teacher. His lecture will deal with demonstration lecture technique.
O. K. CAFE A Good Place to Eat 134 Vine St.
(Continued from page 1) ner, she is in action every moment, waving her baton and dancing. After three years with an allgirl band, the 23-year-old leader, switched to a male band. She maintains that girl musicians are just as good as men, but the men don’t mind the traveling, the crazy hours, and the long jumps. When questioned as to how she stood the terrific pace, she stated, “I honestly don’t know. It’s probably because it’s my career and I love it.” Ina Ray was practically born into show business. Her mother was a professional pianist, and saw that her daughter learned to sing and dance at an early age. She opened her stage career with Gus Edwards at the Palace theatre in New York. She then made several appearances on Broadway which were followed by a singing-dancing role in George White’s “Melody.” Her last Broadway show was the “Ziegfeld
Follies.”
In addition to stage performances, Ina Ray Hutton has made film appearances, in “Feminine Rhythm,” and the “Big Broadcast
of 1936.”
At The Request ... of President Elliott, Bruce Rogers, Sc. ’90, represented the University at the inauguration of President Harry A. Gideonse of Brooklyn College on October 19.
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings Photographers horn Dexhimer-Carlon Studios* Indianapolis, are tdking DEBRIS pictures in the DEBRIS Workshop* first door to the left at the top oi the stairs on the second floor of the Union Building* starting at 8:00 a. m** each tmoming. Every senior has a sitting scheduled for a definite time and receive a cord through the mail telling the exact time of the sitting. DEBRIS editors state that it is very important that each senior report to the DEBRIS Workshop at his appointed time. If it is Impossible for him to be there he should notify the DEBRIS office beforehand and mcdce a different appointment. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular DEBRIS pictiures ond is payable at the time tire picture is token.
SATURDAY, OCT. 21 8:30 Daniel, Louise 9:05 Dean, J. H. 10:15 Debell, C.W. 10:10 Deckard, R. J. 8:05 McConnell, Urmey Lee 8:00 McConnell, W. E. 10:55 McCoy, G.E. 8:10 McFarland, Barbara * 8:15 McGaughey 9:55 McGillicuddy, Kathleen 11:00 McGrath, R. J. 8:20 McIntosh, Sara 9:50 McKee, J.H. 10:50 McKee, L. S. 8:55 McKinney, H. V. 11:05 McKinsey, J. H. 8:25 McLaughlin, Mary 9:45 McLean, Helen J. 8:45 Meeker, H. E. 10:45 Meginnis, G. B. 8:50 Meier, M. L. 10:00 Meihaus, R. B. 8:40 Melcher, F. C. 9:00 Mellett, J. B. 11:10 Melser, L. R. 8:35 Menke, F. L. 10:05 Manner, H. E. 9:40 Meranda, J. A. 10:40 Merchant, Georgia 9:35 Merchant, K. 11:55 Mermelstein, Leona 11 :50 Mesterharm, E. 11:45 Metz, C. B. 10:35 Metzger, j. C. 11:40 Meyer, R. E. 11:35 Meyers, D. W. 10:30 Meznarich, J. F. 11:30 Michael, J. O. 11:25 Mickewich, A. 10:25 Middleton, R. 9:30 Miller, Dorothy 9:25 Miller, H. L. 9:20 Miller, R.C. 9:10 Miller, T.F, 10:20 Mills, Catherine . 9:15 Mills, j.O. 11:15 Mitchell, Margaret 11:20 Witt, R. P.
mo
MONDAY, OCT. 23
4:15 8:00 4:20 4:30 11:25 4:35 8:05 1:00 4:40 11:30 1:05 8:15 2:30 11:40 3:30 4:50 1:10 1:15 2:35 4:55 10:30 4:05 4:00 3:15 8:20 3:20 10:25 2:10 1:20 2:40 2:45 11:45 2:05 1:25 11:50 10:35 3:25 3:35 2:15 3:10 8:25 1 :30 8:30 10:40 8:35 8:40 9:35
Franklin, E. Frazee, H. Frederick, G. W. Freedman, B. J. Freeman, H. E. Freyman, L. E. Frieling, A. T. Frost, R. E. Frye, G. R. Fuente, H. A. Fugate, R. B. Fullenwider, Bette Fultz, F. G. Hirsch, L. M. Hite, A. Lucille Hobbs, E. G. Hobbs, V. D. Hodges, E. M. Hotter, R. A. Hottman, J. D. Holloweil, F. B. Holmes, L. L. ' Holmes, R. W. Hoover, Marjorie Hope, J. P. Horton, M. C. Horton, Phyllis Horwitz, Jeanne Hotler, C. F. Hottman, Mary House, Bonita Houser, R. E. Houseworth, j. H. Houston, K. E. Howard, R. E. Hubbard, J. S. Hubu, M. C. Huckleberry, C. Hutt, J. W. Hughes, V. B. Hugles, R. M. Hull, Margaret Humphreys, Janet Hurst, F. H. Husted, R. S. Huston, E. Hutchison, T. j.
9:40 Hwang, H. Y. 10:20 Neal, C.W. 2:50 Nelson, Margaret E. 9:20 Neptune, M. D. 1 :35 Nesbitt, Virginia B. 10:55 Nesius, E.C. 1 :40 Nesius, L. A. 2:20 Newman, Dorothy M. 2:55 Nickey, H. E. 3:00 Nicklas, G. J. 1 :45 Nichols, R. B. 3:05 Niemeyer, Madge E, 10:00 Noblet, S. A. 1:50 North, R. M. 3:55 Nourse, Mary Lou 8:45 Obenchain, R. 11:00 Oberholtzer, J. W. 9:10 O'Brien, J.E. 9:00 O'Connor, J. E. 8:50 Ogden, J. R. 10:10 Ogle, F. J. 3:40 Oliver, Mary Frances 9:05 Olsen, H.C. 10:05 O'Mahoney, J. F. I 1:05 Omohundro, G. A. 11:10 Orlowski, Wm. 1:55 Ott,W.R. 9:15 Overbeck, M. E. 10:15 Overbeck, W. 2:00 Oxley, P. E. 2:25 Paarlberg, D. 9:25 Paddock, R. A. 3:50 Parker, A. 8:55 Paetz, G. A. 10:45 Page, B. L. 3:45 Palley, R. L. 10:50 Pandel, C. R. 9:30 Patterson, J. M. 11:15 Pauker, T. N. 9:45 Peck, G. S. 9:55 Petter,W. E. 11:20 Peigh, C. M. II :55 Pence, M. L 9:50 Peterson, S. R. 4:25 Squires, R. B. 8:10 Stock, B. R. 4:10 Stoeckinger, R. F. 4:45 Stuit, J. B. 1 1:35 Stule, Virginia Ann
(Dobhhu
“ComplsdsL CampuA. ^osJmqsL
By Ruth Rose With fraternity houses and men’s residence halls being literally tuyned upside down by ambitious freshmen seeking senior cords, and the seniors in turn trying to retrieve their hidden trousers from closets, cellars, and attics, the cry has gone up, ‘!Who started this whole thing?” The idea of having cords as a senior class insignia was originated by Jack Stevens, ’04. A few seniors appeared in cords in the fall of 1904, but it wasn’t until 1907, that corduroy trousers were adopted by the class as a whole. The following account of the official adoption was given in the Exponent of Sep
tember, 1907, under the head, “Seni6rs Decide to Appear in Whistling Trousers at Wabash Game”: “On the motion of ‘Hodge’ Worsham, who explained that he had already ordered his corduroys and that his sensitive nature hated to be struck, the senior class voted to fall in with the precedent and don the whistling trousers. Any reasonable shade from mouse colored to fawn corduroys will be in favor, but gun metal blue'feorduroys will be labeled a nuisance. 'TM class of 1808 will continue to use the sanie style of hat for its official senior cranial covering, as worn last year.” Hats referred to were adopted by
"the class in their jtmior year, and must have attracted much attention, for according to the Expoment of October 31, 1906, “It‘s a cinch to spot a junior now with his new head gear.” Not to be outdone by their male classmates, the co-eds in the 1937 graduating class adopted corduroy skirts as their class insignia. The next class of graduating co-eds was recognized as seniors by their corduroy jerkins. This year the senior co-eds have decided to be different from the preceeding classes and wear light yellow corduroy jackets to distinguisii themselves from the underclasswomen.
Aroused Students Camera Fans Click Activities Bureau
(Continued from page 1) Brown, stellar halfback, would not see action in today’s game. Mackey assured the crowd that although the squad will sorely miss the services of Brown, they will still put one of the best Boilermaker teams in history on the field. Johnny Galvin, Brown’s understudy, will be in at left half. The band and Glee Club under the direction of A1 Stewart, wound up the session with old faithful, “Hail Purdue.” A snake dance three blocks long followed the session. Bill Dunshee led the twisting string of students through the Union past the library and the Civil building, back through the Union and the sweet shop and thence to the village. To Jim Ashton and Harry Nevin goes the cre'dit for last night’s well timed and well planned affair. During the 1938-39 school year, 200 colleges created some 300 scholarships for foreign refugees.
To Submit Prize Campus Pictures For Free Debris In Competition For Best Photo Of Year Candid camera enthusiasts may be able to win a free Debris. To the photographer producing the best snapshot of the year a copy of the ’40 yearbook will be given. Besides winning a Debris there is the chance for students to get their pictures in the book, because the best shots, one of which is to be picked each month, will be printed in the Debris and also in the Exponent. The first contest will end November 1. John Van Horn, junior business manager in charge of the contest, has announced that more than the winning pictures will be used in the Debris. Pictures, along with their negatives, are to be placed in the green box just outside the Debris office.
Issues Call For Sophomore Help Sophomores interested in interviewing freshman men for the Activities Bureau are asked to report to the Agricnlturist office, located in the Union, on Monday, October 23, at 4 p. m. Any sophomore having a 3.5 scholastic index is eligible to work. Betty Jane Darr, who is in charge of the interviews, says the work will prove to be very interesting, and the hours will be counted toward a junior position on the bureau. Purpose of these interviews is to help the freshmen choose the correct activity for their four yeays of college. So far about one-fourth of the freshman men have been contacted. A University of Illinois scientist has discovered a method of determining the taste of cheese by X-ray photos.
a, new MJwksL ^[ostbUi, separate trousers in fine quality all wool materials $3.95 $4.95 $5.95 Trousers naturally get more wear than any other garment of outer wearing apparel. With this thought in mind we’ve made room in our Men’s Furnishing shop so that we may accommodate the increasing demand. Our Line-Up is more than complete; it includes besides staple patterns the latest novelties in gabardines, tweeds and novelty fabrics, featuring such smart colors as blue, green and brown among many others ... in attractive stripes, plaids, checks, herringbone weaves and others. Our trousers are carefully chosen from reputable lines . • . are exceptionally well tailored, many with self-material belts, fancy pleats in front, some with talon fasteners, others with button flies. We carry almost every size in stock and of course alter free of change.
lOEB &HENC COMPANYn
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday/ October 21# 1939
Fire School Opens
Lectures Monday For 4-Day Session
NOTICES
No notices will be accepted after 8 pa m.
Sixth annual Indiana fire school’s classes will open here Monday, October 23, and will continue through October 26 under the direction of the engineering extension department of the University and the Indiana fire inaishal’s depaitinent, with all suboidinating depaitinents assisting. Tentative piogiam foi Monday, October 23, staits with registration at 9 a m m the EE building, and will be followed at 10 o’clock with a welcome address by A. A. Potter, dean of engineering.
Pi Taa Sigma Pledges; Meet m PTS room of the ME building at 12 45 Saturday, Oc-
tober 21 Very important.
—DUCK^VOETH
EE Seniors; Meet at North entrance of EE building at 1 p m Saturday.
—KEEN, NITSCHE.
Weight Lifting Club: Important meeting Tuesday, October 24, at 7 p m , basement of Fieldhouse —BEITT.
Gimlet Pledges; Report at Delta Tau Delta house Saturday, October 21, at 12:20 p m Be there Important —FRAZEB
On Monday afternoon there will be talks by James J. Duggan of South Charleston, W. Va., on “Industrial Hazards and Chemistry of Fire,” and by A. H. Gent, of Chicago, 111., on “How Towns and Cities Are Classified for Fire Insurance Ratings ”
Military The following War Department training films will be shown on Friday, October 20, and Tuesday, October 24, at 4 p m in room 104, Armory The Combat Engineer—4 reels—sound , The Medical Eegiment—6 reels—sound , The SOS of the Division'—-2 reels—silent These films are shown in connection with the course in tactics, attendance optional —THOMPSON
POMM" Important meeting Monday, October 23 4 p m in the Armory All actives be present —HOTLEE
Alpha Lambda Delta- Pledges turn in candles with signatures to me Monday, October 23 at 4 p m in the Union lobby —CARPENTER
Classified Ads
Modern Dance- Junior dance group meets every Tuesday and Thursday at 4 p m October 24 and 26 Senior dance group meets every Friday, October 27, at 4 p m —KNIGHT
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, October 24, at 7 30 p m in the reception room of the Union There will be an important business meeting following —^FRANTZREB
FOR SALE
Riding Club All members wishing to ride at 4 or 6 p m Sunday October 22, call stable before noon Sunday •—MEYER
FOE SALE—16 mm movie camera F 4 5 lens Ten Dollars 8 mm Univex F 5 6 lens Six-fifty Call 66601
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $28 76 Supplies C F Ebershoff, 60i Main Street
Exponent Co-eds- Saturday staff work from 10 to 12 this morning in Union office Those scheduled to work are Tad Stiers, Florence Justin, and Ann Beard —SCHILLING
Gold Peppers Compulsory meeting Tuesday, October 24 at 6 p m in the Old Chestnut room of the Union Refieshmente will be served —PETTICEEW
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Grey topcoat from Alpha Tau Omega house dance Saturday night “Mowry” inside pocket Reward.
Reamer Club Regular meeting Monday night at 8 o clock Pledges report at 8 30 Those who haven’t turned in their basketball coupons bring them —REILEY
LOST—Waltham watch chain knife. Sigma Xi key Yale band charm Room 211, Union Reward
Senior Civils Meet in special C S Lab, Saturday October 21 at 1 p m to prepare for parade —COMMITTEE
LOST—Pi Kappa Phi fraternity pm in vicinity Fowlei and Salisbury Reward
MISCELLANEOUS
LEARN TO TYPE—New class to start in ten days Local student typed 30 words a minute in eleven days New method Indorsed by leading universities Results guaranteed Streamlined typing Leave reply at west desk of Union
CO-EDS—Occasion—annual date All interested call Alexandei or Walkey at Phi Psi house We may have to date a Beta
Follow Your “EXPONENT OF THE AIR’ WBAA
SEARS!
“Sears” used to be first the idea of Small-town Railroad Sfation up in Minnesota. Today it’s the BUY word of the nation. Such Is The Power Of An Idea,
Sear’s Leadership Sale now in progress. SHOP and SAVE at SEARS.
2 North Third St.
Lafayette/ Ind. Phone 4039
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supi^ies
Risk Denl-al Clime DR PAUL A. RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK DR HAROLD J RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Jewelers
DR. A. M. IRION MNTIST 1191/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Dine
• Florists
FRANK'S PLACE Home made Chile and Delicious Sandwiches 1 11 Vine St W Lafayette
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7tfi Phona 6050
ifitdre^ted In rtlnftink tof IVSGA frtlshhian representative should turn in petition si^ed by twenty-five clasmnates by Monday, Octobet ^3, to Ann Siedeman at the WEH. —SICKMAN.
Science Seniors: Meet at gate 2 under the banner at 1:80 p. m. Saturday, October 21. There will be a truck at h«id ot parade Let’s have a 100 per cent turnout Mechanicals may beat us on the turnout—let’s put on the show. —HOBBS, ARCHIBOLD, JENKINS, AXELROD.
at the .Armory before 4 p. m., Wednesday, October 26. Each entry will list by name the l^eciitivn ahd Assistant Ekebutive, both juaiofS, hhd m Chief bf sebtfoa aha Gunner, both sophomores. It will alsb list, but not necessarily by number in the squad, 7 cannoneers hhd 2 Chauffeurs, all bophomores Names once submitted may nOt be dropped or changed except for reasons acceptable to the Officers in Charge, hamed above. Entries will be accepted in the Order of receipt until the quota of 8 has been received. —FAtJLCONER.
MflRfik oh die flghtifig hbenir ehll Lubt::!^ Godbey, 2568. Women are needed for -make-up committee. Call Marjoria Hoover. —McFADDEN.
slhddht krbiiU find tiib cabihW bS tflkm on Sunday morning, October 22, foUowlns
the morning service at the West L^ayette
“1 effiort to
Nbi^fco Pistol; the fohrth novich pistol group will start on Tuesday^ October 81. Students desiring to fire this course may sign ih Supply room between 8 a. ih. and 5 pm. —CAPT HOLMES.
Baptist Church,
attend.
Make a Bpeelai —8WANS0N.
Gimlets: All members check tb Bed that your houses have turned in orders for Gold Peeper’s football balloons. (10-21) —ASHTONi
, Prospectivfe Pi Tan Sigma Pledges: Carnot Circles will be ready Saturday morning Call for them at the Pi Kappa Phi fraternity Twenty-five cents (10-21) —BROBERG.
CE 41: An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in room 208, CE building, ftom 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, October 28 —GREVB.
Cancellatioins: Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before noon Saturday, October 28 Cancellation cards are obtainable from heads of departments These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 28 if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. —DEAN OP MEN
Senior Mechanicals: Meet at the Mechanical Engineering building at 1 p m. Saturday, October 21, for Senior Day Parade. A 100 per cent attendance is expected in competition for trophy —DUCKWORTH
Freshmen Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures Will repott Saturday, October 21, by schools as follows: Students whose names begin with: A-E Incl, room 264, Electrical building; P-Le inol_, room 129, Electrical building; Li-R incL, room 201 Civil Engineering bulldihg; S-Z inch, room 101 Michael Golden ShopS (10-21) -^KNAPP.
Mixed Recreation: Evet^ EViOaitl hifiht beginning at eight o’clock and sponsored by the Purdue Sportswomen. A variety of sports are offered including swimming. Everyone welcome. (10-27) —MATHER.
Wesley Players; Men are needed for production staff. Students interested in staging call Walter Kcttenring, 8486; those
Mechanical Engineering Students: All who expect to graduate prior to February, 1941, are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall. (11-1) —YOUNG.
AU Military Students: Those students who have not yet been able to procure mihtary shoes may get same at Varsity Boot Shop next Tuesday morning, October 24, —HOLMES.
Roger Williams Clnb: Pictures of the
Home Economics Seniors: Meet on west steps of Fieldhbuse at 12:46 for senior )9arade Saturday, October 21. Bring H, K posters. —MITCHELL, SAURER.
Roger Williams Club: Pictures of the student group and cabinet will be taken Sunday morning, October 22, following the morning setvice at the West Lafayette Baptist Church Make special effort to attend. —SWANSON
All Seniors: If you have not received a post card advising time of Debris picture Bitting and if you want your picture in the 1940 Debns arrange for a sitting at once m the Debns office, second floor of Union. —WILLIAMSON.
Electneal Engineering Students: All who expect to graduate pnor to February, 1941, are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall. (10-22) —HARDING
Conditions in ME. 31: An examination for the removal of conditions in M E 31 will be held in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering building commencing at 1 p m Saturday, December 9, 1939 Those wishing to take the examination must make arrangements with the undersigned before noon December 2, 1939. (11-2) —MESSERSMITH
Chemical Engineering Seniors* All seniors please be present at Chemical and Metallurgical building at 12 45 p m , Saturday, October 21, for the cord parade Let s win the trophy this year —OMOHUNDRO
Distinguished Howitzer Squad* Entries for this competition must be submitted in writing to Major Faulconer or Major White
CAMPUS FASHIONS
For the Co-ed who demands smartness in her most easual elothes—
Use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly
©Bowu
f^l N E C L E A^N ERS OF FINE CLOT H *E S
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges Meet at Sigma Chi fraternity piomptly at 7 30 p m Tuesday October 24, for pledging —GRIBBS
5 Year Men Meet at southeast corner of Pierce and State streets at 12 46 o’clock today for parade 100 per cent attendance expected —CLINE
Freshman Co cds Any treshman co-eds
They do the job they're meant to do
lesterfields are like that ... they go about their business of giving you more smoking pleasure... with a taste, aroma and mildness thaPs all their own.., the kind that only the right combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos can give.
CHESTERFIELD