T ys
f
% ARMY, NAVY Men Tell Own News { On Service Page VoJufHeSeTNrTr
MERRY^O-ROUN^ f Tells Wickard 2
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, [ufy 10,
Un ion To Hold Free Dance Tonight, USO Style
Dance Will Follow
Home Ec Graduates Exponent Ad ti}NS Will Interview Help Feed America Staff To Hold All Coeds To Boost During War Crisis Call Tuesday Campus War Work
Sixty-Six Graduates Fill Jobs In Industry
Graduates of the School of Home Economics, ’42, are busily seeing that America is well fed and that American war materials are of the highest quality possible according to a report released by Margaret E. Beeman of the home economics school. Sixty-six graduates have positions as teachers of home economics; thirty-eight are chemists in the laboratories of steel mills, I’ubber companies, and other plants producing war materials; twentyone are working as bacteriologists or doing other laboratory work in industrial plants. Twenty In Hospitals Hospitals have absoi’bed twenty as dietetic internes; twenty others have position^ in the food management field in cafeterias, tea rooms, and other places serving meals to large numbers of people; three gtaduates are assisting in the dining rooms and kitchens of Cary Hall whei’e meals are being served to twenty-four hundred trainees in the Army and Navy. One graduate is in the Artillery Branch, fire control section of the Cincinnati Ordnance District. Her duties involve correspondence with contractors and government inspectors and numerous trips to plants under contract to produce the various types of instruments which serve to control the firing of artillery. Chemistry Laboratories Several graduates are employed in yie chemistry laboratoiues of steel mills carrying out analytical tests on steel. One young woman is employed as metallographer in the laboratories of a steel mill producing points for jeeps, trucks, and tanks. Another graduate is employed in the chemistry laboratories of a large rubber company where she is running various tests on latex. The Army Map Seryice in Indianapolis has employed several of these recent home economics graduates. They are at present being trained for supervisory work and later will be in charge of the woi'k being done by one hundred and fifty draftsmen. Their work is of a secret and vitally important nature. Other Fields Other fields of work in which home economics graduates of the past year are employed are journalism) advertising, machine operation in war plants, research, home economics extension, airline hostesses, promotion work in the business field of home economics, home service work with public utilities, personnel work, and merchandising. Two young women are members of the WAC’s, one has joined the WAVES, and one has joined the
Advertising staff of the Exponent will hold a call-out to recruit members Tuesday afternoon, July 13, at 4 p. m. in the office located in the sub-basement of tfie Union. No experience is required as instructions and training will be given to the new members of the staff. All men and women interested are urged to take advantage of the opportunity to gain experience in the advertising and business field. The work includes lay-out work, advertising copy writing, sales, and the office work connected with advertising. ASME Meeting To See Latest Disney Picture Walt Disney’s latest film entitled “Winged Scourge” and a new technicolor film called “P-T—19 Trainer” will be shown at an open meeting of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, Wednesday afternoon at 4 in room 108 of the ivtechanical Engineering Building. The training film shows the construction and use of the Air Corps regulation training plane ahd the cartoon has been acclaimed by critics as on of Disney’s finest produc-
tions.
Sanguinet To Speak 4t Open Meeting For Health Leaders Mrs. Clotilde Sanguinet, director of school health education of the Indiana Tuberculosis Association, will address an open meeting at 9 a. m. Wednesday in room 204 of the Women’s Gymnasium. Prof. Helen W. Hazelton, head of the department of physical education for women, in announcing completion of arrangements for the special meeting, pointed out that the general public is invited to attend along with interested members of the student body. In connection with her address, Mrs. Sanquinet will have a special display of health education literature that will be of particular interest to teachers, community health leaders, and parents. The display is expected to be available for inspection in the Women’s Gym until
noon.
SPARS. Two men are in the atmy. Eighty-nine of the three hundred and thirteen women graduates are married and many of them are teaching home economics or are employed in other full-time positions while their husbands are serving their country here or over-
seas.
To encourage more extra-curri-cular war activities on the part of University coeds and to coordinate the work already being done, AWS next week will start a series of war effort intei’views to include every coed on campus except eighth term seniors. The personal interview system is being used to get each girl’s reaction to the current war work problem, since F. R. Eastwood in cooperation with a state committee for the promotion of industrial recreation is encouraging the project. Cooperation Urged Postcards notifying coeds of the time of their interview with seventh term seniors on the AWS board will be sent out next week. Since nothing of this caliber has ever been dohe on this campus, it is hoped that all coeds will cooperate to some extent—that is, find at least one hour a week to devote to war
work.
AWS realizes that many coeds are not familiar with all the opportunities for war activities available to women, so at her interview each girl will receive a survey sheet which explain^in detail the where, when and what of every extra-cur-ricular war activity. Activities Reviewed Nurses’ aid work, sponsored by PIA, may be done at the Home or St. Elizabeth hospitals three hours a week from 4-7 of 5-8 p. m. any evening. Dependability is the prime requirement, and a welcomed advantage is that no special training is needed. The work consists ""of helping with trays, arranging flowers, writing letters and running errands for patients. A certificate of merit will be given by PIA at the end of the term. Volunteer work at the USO center in Allen’s Dance Hall every Wedn^ay and Saturday night ma^be taking charge of singing sejmons, acting as hostess, play jeards, dance, talk and entertain service men in the lounge or help collect magazines for the lounge. ' Making surgical dressings and possibly knitting ahd sewing may be done at the Red Cross room in the Union on Tuesday and Thursday evenings, or at the Central Presbyterian Church in Lafayette all day Wednesdays. Orders for the July blood bank have been filled, however volunteers will be notified when the next blood bank will be here. Donors must be 18 years old, and those under 21 must have written permission from parents. Industrial Group Leadership Coeds interested in group leadership may be leaders in sports and leisure time activities for groups of women in industry. If enough are inleiestcd, training will be given in leadership of sports such as swimming, badminton.
KEATON AND ARMFIELD Kapper Kutters Deluxe
Gimlet’ Club Gimlet Club, activities honorary, announces the pledging of the followihg: Charles Wright John Woolling Russell Lipes Paul Davis Jim Mitchell Carroll Martindell Ellis Murphy Fred Sliefte Bob Larson Ed Neese Bob Laj ton
bowling and archery and leisure time activities ranging from dramatics to service clubs. Other suggestions for ^^^ar work arq: collecting junk jewel) y for service men to baiter with natives; collecting silk and nylon hose, sponsored by Gold Peppers; making interesting scrapbooks for injuied men in hospitals, sponsoied by YWCA. University courses for which credit will be given arc First Aid, PEW 80, 2 hours credit and recreational leadership, PEW 92, 3 hours credit.
Bubblfil, A Material . . . Library Exhibition Demonstrates New Use Of Synthetic Materials
By Sonia Swerdloff On exhibition in the library is a demonstration of new fibers that have been perfected to replace kapok. For many years chemists have been attempting to prodwCe a synthetic material with the chaiacteri&tics of kapok, a piodtict of the East. Today these substitutes are on the market. One of these recently perfected materials is Foamglass. Foamglass has many useful properties which can be put to practical usage. This commodity is odorless,^ fireproof, veinninproof, rigid, light in weight, and opaque. Since it is very bouyant, it will be used to replace cork in life rafts, preservers on life boats, and as pontoon bridge supports. Another favorable advantage
of Foamglass is the ability for ordinary tools to saw it into sections. This synthetic can also be drilled by eveiyday tools. Extremely Light Material Ordinary glass is the startingpoint in the preparatioin of this fabric. Foamglass is extremely light, weighing 1/15 as much as glass.^ Because of this characteristic and its ability to retain air, this material has valuable insulating uses. Other uses for Foamglass are as alternating materials foi critical products such as balsa wood, cellular rubber, and kapok. ' Bubblfil IS name given to a new cellophane material which is made from a cellulose base by means of the viscose process. The air that is
blown into the fibers gives it the bouyant, resilient properties,' which make it essential in war commodities. Considered By Navy Since it is so bouyant and can hold air, it is being used to leplace kapok and sponge rubber. Bubblfil is being considered by the Navy for life jackets for Navy personnel. A third fiber which has finally come into its own is milkweed floss. This textile is another substitute for kapok. Because of it’s light, resilient characteristics, it is used for stuffing and insulation. As it is also resistant to water and will support a weight much greater than that of itself. Milkweed is used in life buoys and life jackets.
THE MASQUERADERS Indescribably Novel Act
^Victory Varieties^ Don Fernando's Orchestra To Play In Music Hall, Union Ballrooms By Margaret Baynes Composed of vaudeville and night club acts, “Victory Varieties”, Music Hall show planned for students, service men’with liberty, faculty and townspeople, will start at 8 p. ra. topight with the doors opening at 7:15 p. m.; immediately following the hours a half long program will be the Grand Mixer in the
Union.
Centered on the stage for the entirety of the show, Don — Fernando and his CBS orches-
Remmers Discusses Army Examinat-ions Dr. H. H. Remmers, Director of Educational Reference, has been called to Washington for a conference with officers of the Division of CurricuUim and Standards of the Army Specialized Training Program held yesterday. The University is one of eight institutions selected to cooperate with the army in the development of examinations for the college special ti’aining program in all of the institutions in which such training is being- conducteej. Moving? Civilian students who have changed j^heir local places of residence during the last few weeks arc requested to call at the Registrar’s office. Goldsmith’s office, and the Personnel Service on the ground floor of the Executive Building and give their new ad-
dress.
Ralph B. Stone, Registrar. Goldsmith, Dean of Men / L. Cason, Personnel Service
Tritons To Hold Swim Friday Mixed swimming will be sponsored by the Triton club next Friday night from 8 to 9 p. m. in the pool of the Women’s gym. Suits and towels will be furnished to all, but girls must bring bathing caps
and clacks.
Admission for faculty women and men students is 10 cents, while those not connected with the University must pay 25 cents. Eds must bring passports, and faculty women and outsiders must present medical certificates at the door.
Nol'ice
Convocation featuring Henry Scott, pianist-humoriat, has been postponed from July 10 to July
-GUNN.
tra will provide the tnnsic lo connect the acts together, witli Bill Dornfield as Master of Ceremonies. Dornfield has recently returned from overseas where he has been entertaining
servicemen.
According to J. W. Ditamore, in charge of set, lights, and stage, the set had to be redesigned yesterday to give more room to the ten Byton Dancers who appear three times during the show. In theme with the show is the set —palms and ferns to indicate duihmer, and musical notes to symbolics the vaudeville nature.
Variety Acts
The Masqueraders, composed of four college boys who went to the Panther Room for a night’s stand and ended up staying several -week's, presented an act so novel that those seeing it in rehearsal could not describe it. Other acta are the BTat(See DANCE, page 3)
Coed Tells Mysteries Of Giving Pint Of Blood Editor’s Note: This is the play-by-play description of a coed who donated a ^int of blood at the American Red Cross July blood donor center at St. Mary’s school during its three-day stay in Lafayette.
By Barb Fischer
1. Ushered into the building by a very smiling woman and our passes taken . . . the cards we had received by mail were taken, name copied and then they were returned. 2. Checked our stuff and had check ticket pinned to our fronts with large safety pins. 3. In another room our temperatures and pulse were taken. This time the face was not — smiling; in fact, ^t seemed to point the fellow that was hovering be quite sour. over us with a camera Snkppedf ft 4. We had had no food for picture. He will be able tb call it “ft' over four hours and the fruit concentration” because we ,, J. „ J. ui„ were striving to open otir fingers, juice on the center table They felt like a handful of glue. We looked wonderful. But we had to pulped. Encouragement came from wait. We sat down between two nurses; each grabbed an arm, tightdied a strap and felt for a vein. Our
left won the race and an ink mark designated that it was a lucky arm. Our weight, blood pressure were checked and we were asked “Did your mother really sign this permission?” Glibly we answered, “Yes”, feeling slightly put out to think they would question own good
forgery.
The fruit juice—We did away with two glasses and the woman on
One Pint
10. It was full. The tube was removed from our arm and thdTtursd lifted the bottle to show us oiiff
pint. We beamed.
11. We sat up and wanted to leave at once. We were firmly pushed back. As soon,as the nurse’s ~ head was turned we were up again. The two workers took us into the food chamber and left us to our o-wfi
our right took four. Hungry? We j- , i . 1 . • 1. u-i. Tj. device. We immediately left saying think she was just a bit nervous. It ■’ ' T , ^ i i. j u Yes , to Have you eaten?
was her first time too, and she 12. The same smiling faces bid us goodbye as we went out the ddbi^.
After Effects
13. After effects: a very woosey
nurses. One doctor was around feeling on the bus which made us every now and then. She layed me Union and buy some flat—on the cot we mean, and crackers. We also wore a jadket in tightened a band on our arm before ®lass when everyone else was roftstbeginning the cleaning process. f^^ie running trip up the steps
chatted.
Washed Up *
The time came. We went into a room filled with cots and white
Three solutions were used and one of these twice. We were positively shiny when through.
Operation
sent our head into a whirl.
14. We talked to many others in waiting; their reactions weH strange to note. They all had 3odiii«
The first needle pricked our skin one in the service and it didn’t mfttand then our elbow went cold. We ter whether he was across or not, glanced down to see just what was the feeling of necessity for going on and gasped—a huge steel blood that they were giving Wds needle was in our arm and being the same. Whether it was folr tHoIf pushed in further. We couldn’t feel someone or someone else's, it anything except a slight pressure a life. They didn’t want praise lor which broke as the needle punc- bravery or self-sacrifice; theft tilled the vein. ward came in the thought that their 9. “Open and shut your hand someone might win life from ^ pM rhythmically, please,” the doctor of blood. So small a price for
said, and was gone again. At this a gain.r
y
Y
rn
5i.>
Peige 2
Purdue Exponent
Saturday, July 10, 1943
t?
itrdue Exponent
Offices: Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, iieldhouse, iPhone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m , 5377
lanbraiv Editor gOiiorarr JEdttor enorarir Business MunaRer With the Colors
William G Hoskins Dale E Butz Gerhard tl Klonman
ditor asittefSiManascr faWa iMtor Editor IdverthbiR Manaxer parts Wditor 1 Pditar„ -
Robert W Boswinkic Mary ®ilis Sally Beali Donald E Brewer A Jano Keim Joseph 8 Dawson Jean Lauer
Publication Staff Editorial Staff AiSoclate Editors* H B Abbett C C Martindell E F Mur phy W H Tyson W L Vermilioni C J Wilbur StaS: Bdth Ford Madelyn Grotfies Katherine Howes Sports StaV R M Lipes R J Smith C £ Sowards
Business Staff AiUstant Advertising Manager C L Gaunt. Layout Director J B Tabb Circulation Manager R. G Sauerman
Bditor in-Chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Sqnler
Staff For This Issue flight Editor Martindell Sports Editor Lipes Day Editor Ford Issue Editor Wendell Reporters StelTcs Baynes Swcrdloff Ogden Woerner Mar goliS Kropf
Ehtered as second class matter at the post olTioe in Liafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 hiiu at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108 act of Oc<^obcr 3 191 authorized January 20 1922 Btiblished on Tuesday Thursday and Saturday mornings dur Infe the yeai except certa n vacation i criods Delivered daily iy carrier for $1 25 for a semester by mail for $1 fO fo^ a Belnester Subscriptions may le obt lined at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union Represented for i ational advertising by National Advertis Infe Service Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 Mhdison Ave New \ork N Y
Coeds Not Co/tf, ; Unfriendly . . .
Will You Be There?...
cent’ Our answer is, “Hell, yes'”—c j w
SiMuce, SiAipjLL
Shefdon j. Fierce
a UniveiBity dcticts from DePauw and Wibconbin, was giaduated last week from the Special Job Inslructoi Tiaining School
at Camp Stoneman, Calif,
niie msHiHSTOH r GRlN'AiNI&'8EABrr
By^Liehly
iifeiiRy-«6ttdiiD
•y DREW PEARSON Farmers Hold Corn For Higher Prices; Navy Aids Fraudulent Companies Escape From The Law WASHINGTON—High lanking officials of the Agiicultuie Depaitment aie flank m saying that farmeis aie impeding the wai eifoit just as much as stiik iijg coal mineis when they stage a sit down stiike on
Feed coin is despeiately needed by poultiy faimeis, dairy faimeis and coin piocessois But corn is not moving to market because farmers aic holding foi a highei puce The typical faimei in the cqin belt today is lookipg at his bins full ^f com and reasoning that he might as well hold it foi a while, since he doesn’t need the cubs yet, and since the price might gp up Washington is paitly to blame for this The attacks on OPA, the flung of Cflestei Davis, and the Congiessional demands to set aside th® piice ceiling, all have cicated uncertainty So the farmei sifs tight, saying, “I’ll just wait till they make up then minds ’’ But when thousands of farmeis do the samp thipg, it cieates a scaicity which thiqws the national econ omy out of geai just as much as the lapk of coal pio duction The patriotic thing to do, say Washington officials, IS to send your coin to maiket now, espe cially since the faimei is guaianteed the benefit of a puce use, if it comes Meantime, the coiiidois of the Depaitment of Ag iicultuie aie seething Piessuie foi a coin use is teiiiflc This lb Maivm Jones’ flist big battle
Feature Column Wins
Distinguished Servite Award In Journalism
‘Hci luncheons ate awful, of course, but I doubt the wisdom of changing presidents duimg wai time ”
Wickard Goes Shopping
These past few days have been hectic for both the coeds and our new student body— and we might add somewhat of a headache to the not forgotten Purdue eds. In the past, Purdue was maintained as a friendly but lespectable campus But as the war changes everything else, it’s changed the attitude on this campus, too The new service men on the campus have already tagged the coeds as being cold a^d unfriendly gals Little do they know that this fiont being put on by the coeds is commonly called “fear” The coeds have in the past been respected and treated in a mannei which seems to be unknown to these newcomeis Please don’t take us as being piudish, because underneath all this so-called “coldness’ ’we’ie lust like the girls you left behind Remembei you’re not only lepresenting youi college oi university, but aie being held as an example of your chosen bianch of the armed forces Your conduct will also determine the pi ivileges that are extended to you Ta^ it easy on those whistles and cracks, and I’m sure you’ll find the coeds willing to cooperate to make youi future stay on this campus as pleasant as possible —m a g
Secietaiy of Agiicultuie Claude Wickaid went shopping with Mis Wickajrd the other day He stood in the groceiy stoie watching the shoppeis, while Mis Wickaid did the buying He noticed a ciush in fiont of the meat countei, while the vegetables, including potatoes weie going begging “That’s human natuie foi you,” mused Wickaid “Only a few weeks ago, when potatoes weie shoit foi a few days there was a gieat howl fiom the public and potatoes weie sold in the black maiket Now there’s plenty of potatoes—but eveiybody wants meat ” When Mis Wickaid appealed fiom the ciush, she announced with piide that she had some meat “How much did you pay foi it’” asked Wickaid “Nine points,’ ’replied Mis Wickaid “No” said the Secretary of Aguculture “I mean how much money—thow much a pound ’ ’ “Oh I don t know,” she said “All I know is it cost nine points out of my led stamps ” Wickaid shook his head ‘That’s the tiouble with you women ’ he said ‘ You le not thinking about the cost of l^od, but only whethei you can get it oi not How do you expect meichants to hold to the puce ceil mgs, if you don t even know what you pay ’ ’ Mis Wickaid piomised to do bcttei next time
JhsL (^hu/vduidL
University Presbyterian Chinch North Stieet, Neai Grant John W Findley Mimstei, Eve lyn Shell Chou Diiectoi, Viigmia Bi anting, Organist At 9 30 Discussion Gioup led by Di G H Giaves At 10 30 Moining Worship Sci mon theme, “Let Us Choose ” The choii will sing, “I waited foi the Loid ” by Mendelssohn At 6 00 Sunday Evening Club Following suppei theie will be a discussion of the subject ‘ Women in Industiji following the Wai ” The discussion will be led by Di A A Smith of the Depaitment of Sociology
ship suppei which will have a covei chaige of 20c Aftci the suppei a discussion will be held This week Wesley is to meet with the Hillel Foun lation with Rabbi Meyei Si mon leading the discussion The topic of the discussion will be “Jewish Pioblems of Post Wai Planning” Aftci the discussion Vespeis will be the closing event of the day All seivice men and cadettes aie vciy welcome
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Michigan State coeds, convinced that the place has transfoimed into a female seminary, consider the newly arrived aircrewmen satisfactory objects foi “affaires d’amoui” One flushing sophomore says, “I think most of us aie anxious to get acquainted with the men, but it’s pictty haid to strike up a lifelong friendship while they ‘hut two thiee foul’ all over the place ” A long, lean and lovely lass be moans I’m not losing any sleep over meeting the an crewmen Thoy’ie too short, what happens to the slendei tall ones dining then free time’ (My dcai, I too have this problem) Another blight lovely ehimcs in with “They are sharp ciackeis — rust lik° the State boys who left We’ll have a lot more fun with them heic We gills should accept them just as we would any othei college student Obviously this one doesn’t believe EVERYTHING her mother told hei Students at Indiana Univeisity aie wondering what would happen if the squad leadeis of the AVAVES who aie stationed theie would say “Hut two thiee foui ” instead of ‘ Hut one two, three foui ” ' Maybe they should take lessons
THE WASHINGTON MERRY-GO-ROUND, which appears in the Exponent has won the 1942 Sigrna Delta Chi Distinguished Sei<vice Awaid in Journalism for general excellence of performance in Washington correspondence Sigma Delta Chi is a professional jouinahstic fraternity which includes among its members many of the nation’s leading editors and newspapermen As tokens of the award, bronze medallions, accompanied by certificates of “Distinguished Service to Journalism,” will be presented to Diew Pearson and Robeit S Allen, CO authors of the column Mi Allen IS now a lieutenant colonel in tha Aimy and during his absence, the WASHINGTON MERRY GOROUND IS wiitten by Diew Pear-
son
The board of judges making the awards consisted of Basil L Walters executive editor of the Minneapolis Stai Journal and liibuno, Di Flank Luther Mott dean of the University of Missouri School of Jouinahsm Basil Biewoi publish01 of the New Bedford, Mass Stan daid Times Ralph McGill editor of the Atlanta Constitution, L D Hotchkiss managing editor of the Los Angeles Times Elmo Scott Watson editoi of the Publishcis’ Auxiliaiy, and Eugene C Pulliam, ownei and m inagci of WIRE, Indi
inapolis radio stat on
fiom the sailors who aie stationed here and who have developed some q4 them in\eicsting vauations to the old chant
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Navy And Frauds
Tonight, the convo and dance inaugurates a senes of Satuiday night enteitamments not only for the benefit of new and old service men alike, but also foi the legulai coed aijd ed University students The University committee in charge of putting across tonight’s entertainment is awaiting with bated breath for the answei to their many questions—one of the most important bemg, “Will the coeds turn out 100 pei cent’” It seems that the greatest responsibility as to the success or failure of tonight’s entertainment rests with the coeds It stand to leason that the presence of eveiy giil on the campus IS needed to anywhere neai match the numbei of service men and eds who will be attending the convo and dance However, we feel that the coeds aie )ust as anxious to see this evening’s peiformance brought to a highly successful finale as the committee in charge, and we believe that the coeds aie just as eagerly anticipating the cuitain opening on “Victory Varieties” as the service men for whose benefit it is planned For years students have asked tor “rob” dances This good neighbor policy will be exerted to the fullest tonight when all philandeiing eds and coeds swap partners in the South
ballroom
Then when Jane College and Jim Marine “want to be alone”, the North ballroom will be their haven The Student Union is to be credited lor this levolutionizing ot Purdue dance traditions The coeds seem all foi it and it should afloid all students a wonder!ul chance to get acquainted which is one of the mam objectives m these Saturday e\cning
social xiffaii s
Well, gills, are we going to tuin out 100 per
While the President is cleaning out the bojs who fight themselves instead of Hitler he might take a look into the mannei in which his dearly beloved Navy Department has been sabotaging Justice Depaitment efforts to pievent war frauds The Justice Depaitment, undei two fisted Icxan Tom Clark chief ot wii tiauds, has been piosecuting a long list of companies deliveiing faulty goods to the Army and Navy—only to have the Navy cut the giound light fiom under him When Clark prosecuted two ship weldeis in Balti more for sabotaging ship constiTiction ho was amazed to have a naval officer walk into the court loom and testify on behalf of the two saboteuis The evidence was so oveiwhelming howevei that they wcie con victed despite the officei’s testimony Even more amazing was the strange behavioi of the Navy m protecting the Anaconda Wiie and Cable Company at Mai ion Indiana, which the Justice De paitment had indicted for fiaudulently selling faulty wire to the Army and Navy The Aimy Signal Coips immediately telegraphed an Older that the defective Anaconda wiie be segregated and used ±oi training purposes only But the Navy acted as if the Anaconda Company should be lewaided Admiial Eaile W Mills assist ant chief of the Buicau of Ships telephoned Assist ant Attorney Geneial Claik that he might be called upon to testify and if so his testimony would be tavoi able to Anaconda Simultaneousli the Justice Depaitment ioiind that the Navy had piepaied a statement to the effect that it had tested 15 samples of Anaconda’s DeGaussing wiie and found it satisfactoiy The DeGaussing wire was entiiely diffeient liom the wiie for which Ana conda was indicted, but Naval officeis apparently were woiking m close cooperation with Anaconda Foi Anaconda knew all about the statement and had asked foi a copy When Assistant Attorney Geneial Clark checked with the office ot Undei secietaiy of the Navy Foiies tal he even found that copies ot the statement weie ready to be mailed to Anaconda—just two days be foie trial They weie stopped Despite all this. Admiral H L Biinsei in New Yoik wiote a letter to Anaconda commending the company Ihis was sent despite the contiaiy action oi the Aimy and despite the tact that the company itsfelt did not deny guilt by pleading nolo contendere So thanks to the Navy, Anacondg^got off with 000 in fines and suspended sentences on a wai liaud chaige that involved $5 000 000 Merry-Go-Round Republican odds aie on California’s Governor Eail Waiien foi vice president, with Governor Saltonstall of Massachusetts next best Then liiends aie booming then/toi Picsident, but will settle tor second place Unccnsoied diplomatic iiifoimation backs up the Russians as against the Biitish that 50 Nazi divisions weie not withdrawn fiom the Russian front Actually the Nazis still have 200 divisions opposite the Russian aimy—190 Geiman and 10 satellite divi sions (Copyiight, 1943, by United Featuie Syndicate, Inc )
‘LSAA Tiamp Hike” All students aie welcome to then full quota of Food Fun and soic feet No lation coupons necessaiy Congicgate at the south entiance of the Union at 2 30 Sundiy aftei noon Bring youi aich suppoits we fuinish the food
Wesley Foundation Sunday moining Sunday School will be held in the Wesley Founda tion at 9 10 a m Di Patterson will be teaching a class on “Why Chus tianity ” At 10 45 a m Chinch sei vice will be held in the Gieat Hall of Wesley Di Steele will deliver the seimon and he will pi each on ‘ The Ways of God At 5 15 theie will be a fellow
ARC
SUNDAY - MONDAY
woiri^eiisfiiie Their NfWEST Fun-Riofi
todli
PAIRICKNOWIES WIIIIAM GAReM LOUISE AllBRinON Jsfiimc Cowan Will am Bciid x tudwia Slossol
' and '
THRILL-DRAMA OP WOMEN IH war;
Ensign W. E. McConnell graduate ol the University, was commissioned m the U S Naval Reseive after his giaduation fiom the Naval Tiaming Center Corpus Chiisli, Texas \ McConnell is from Needham, Ind
— ALSO — "DONALD DUCK CARTOON '
LAST TIMES TODAY 'RIDING THRU NEVADA'
'SCATTERGOOD SURVIVES A MURDER"
FOR YOU km YOUR GALirs A HOMEY OF A SHOW!
"G-MEN VS BLACK DRAGON PATHE NEWS
«... PAYNE >«v^0AK!E
lElSCO.
TECHNJCOLOR LAIHO CRE6AR * JUNE HAVOC .WARD BOND • GEORGE BARBIER
LAST TIMES TODAY
"DAYS OF OLD CHEYENNE" — with DON "RED" BARRY
PLUS—SECOND HIT REY 5qOTT'S "KUKAN" THE BATTLE CRY OF CHINA IN FULL NATURAL COLOR
NiW'MAIN
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:15 P. M.
Tickets on Sale 10:30 P. M.
By All Means See This Sfnnge DOUBLE HORROR SHOW
STRANGE VOODOO SECRETS REVEALED!
with
JAMES ELLISON-FRANGES DEE’TOM CONWAY
PLUS
e&OlilFE AflARGO<y,
f
Army, Wd^f'Maliine News
Saturday,, ifu^y i0,„!l943
For Serviaee ^Mbh, By . Serried men
rmeS”
Servite Pa^e B^ins Today
Piayshbp WU1 Offer Special Performance
A STATEMENT
In lending my support to the new armed forces page which will be run in the Exponent, I am commending an idea which can do much to keep up the cooperation between
service students.
Poites to Kjeceive r, e For Service News
Service men—this page is yours.
It will be devoted wholly to news of, by and for you—soldiers, sailors
By Cpl. 'Jadk Martire , service students. and marinesi ,, •■uj. ■kv.v.-p • u j .• Ml j. However long you stay here, in whatever branch of service, under Playshop, t^ie Upiver,sity s dramatic group, will present The I ^m sure tha tthe students will whatever program, the University regards you as an integral part of its Map Who Came To Dinner in a special performance which is welcome the page as a means of student body and your activities as an important part of campus life, free to servicemen and their dates. Saturday night, July 24, keeping in contact with each other. In setting aside this space for you, the Exponent is merely recognizing
has been chosen ,ae the time best suited to the “recreation —Col. D. M. BEEEE, that fact.
hours” of the Army and Navy men, Playshop has its theatre Commander 1545 AST unit. We want you to take this page over,
in Fowler Hall which is near ?
Comm. Bartley Serves Navy Since War I Commander H. J. Bartley, Commanding officer of the U. S. Naval training school at the University has had a varied life in the navy
the Union Building. The sailors and marines know that this precedent has been fpllowed for the last year by the players. But for the new ASTP men this oppoitunity is to present itself for the first time when “The Man Who Came To Dinner”
is given.
In the past this ambitious Playshop group has produced many plays that had previously hit Broadway and have toured the country. Specifically “Claudia”, “Arsenic and Old Lace” and that important serious drama, “The Moon Is Down”, have been presented to the Uhiversity students and in special performances to the serv-
icemen.
May Give Two Performances The Navy men have filled Fowler Hall to its 600 capacity in the past and it has been suggested that the play be given two nights for the armed forces since the ASTP trainees have arrived. This will be decided depending on how great is the pre-performance interest. “The Man Who Came To Dinner” is that uproarious comedy about the boisterous, world-famous, grouchy old man who, by chance, came to a small town and found himself the center pf attraction. Because of a sprained ankle, it becomes neces-
the play in all its complex situations. Despite the fact that the “man” is pretty well disliked by his
Marines wait in line for their evening chow. Soldiers were doing it too
at the other door of the Union.
Three Organizations Operate Army, Navy College Programs Organization and operation of the army and navy specialized training programs at the University is placed in the hands of three executives, the president of the University, Presi-
sary for him to live at the home of dent E. C. Elliott, the commanding officer of the isiavy group, one of the local townsfolk. Commander H. J. Bartley, and the commanding officer of the
Then the fun starts. The confu- Army group, Col. D. M. Beere.
sion that this fellow causes by his president and Commander Bartley are responsible to the eccentricities and whims makes up Navy Department through the ^
Ninth Naval District, while Colonel Beere and Presi4ent
hosts, he turns out to be the bene- Elliott are responsible to the factor of the local youth in their at- w^r Department through the tempts at romance and careers. Command. Playshop Is Extra-Curricula a ,• The Playshop is a completely ex- policy making committee tra-curricular oiganization and en- composed of Pres. E. C. Elliott, ■ til ely supports itself by the student chairman. Colonel D. M. Beere, and public attendance at their Commander H. J. Bartley, Dean A.
shows. The credit belongs to the enthusiastic students and their faculty directors. That the V-12 men have taken interest in this amateur theatre is shown by the fact that the role of leading man is played
by one of the Navy men. University Offers Religious Services
Keligious services will be held Sunday morning in the Music Hall for all members of the armed forces stationed here. Arrangements have been made by the Tippecanoe County Ministerial Association for ffie
representation of all faiths.
The Mass for Catholics will be conducted by Father Holland at
8’.30, Protestant'Services, under the . ^ t-,
direction of Rev. Eugene, will be at Dammon make up Jthe
Not because we’re trying to slough off the work, but because we’re sure you can write about your affairs much more interestingly—for the civilians on the campus as well as for you—than we possibly could. We want you to furnish a title for this page. Send us your suggestions.
We want you to let us know what you want covered.
Tentatively, we plan to give you news of service doings on the campus, and as far as it is available, of news in other camps and elsewhere that might interest you. We’ll run calendars on campus events planned for you, .and the best tips we can get on activities for your free time. We’d like to run news notes—gossip, if you will, but friendly gossip—^on the other boys in your house, or down the corridor. We’d like to do pieces on the fellows who held down interesting jobs in civilian life—or in service
before they came to the University.
For you Navy and Marine men who are still new to your respective branches, we’d like to help you as far as we can—whether its in telling you whom you’re supposed to salute to giving you something on the
traditions of your uniform.
But that’s only our idea. You tell us what you want and if we can possibly furnish it you’ll get it. There’s one hitch though. We’ll need your help to put this over and keep it going. We’ll need reporters from among you. None of you will have much spare time here, but if enough men pitch in, it shouldn’t take
too much of anyone’s time. How about pitching in?
If you’ve had any writing experience, if you’d like to take a crack at reporting, if you can draw, if you have any ideas that can help—how
about joining us. ,
There’ll be a meeting at 8:30 tomorrow evening in the Exponent ofiiee in the Union building basement to work up an organization for the service page. You’re cordially invited to attend.
A. Potter, Controller R. B. Stewart, Associate Dean W. A. Knapp and F. C. Hockema, secretary of the committee coordinates policies regarding the Army and Navy so that
no conflicts arise.
University Handles Instruction
Instruction is handled by the University and is centralized in the office of A. A. Potter, Dean of Engineering. It IS the responsibility of the office to achieve effective, efficient and economical operation of
the instruction programs.
In order to keep the standards set by the University and by the specialized training divisions, a committee on standards of Academic peiformance has been formed. Prof. R. B. Stone, Registiar, is chairman, while Colonel Beere, Commander Bartley, Dean Potter, Diiector H. H. Remniers and Director of admis-
Colonel D. M. Beere Sees Military Changes
Here At University
Colonel D. M. Beere, Commandant of the 1645 Service Unit ASTP at the University, rules the Armory from his office on the first floor with strict military discipline and a
bluff but friendly manner.
During his four years of service at the University 4ie has seen many
On Furlough
Chicago
For Service Men By P.F.C. Gabriel Elias
You’ve dreamt of the new era, the day to come when nobody works, and all life is play. Food, housing and entertainment are all there for the asking; money is found only in museums of quaint usages; and
everybody is blissfully happy. For formation which will result from
A STATEMENT
I heartily endorse the initiation of the proposed Army and Navy page which I understand is to appear regularly in the Exponent. I wish to thank the Editors for offering the Students and Officers of the Naval Training School here at Purdue this excellent means of disseminating information between the campus and the military units. I am sure that the exchange of ideas and the exchange of neWs in-
9:30 while the Jewish Seivices will be-held at 10:30 by Rabbi Simon. In order that the three ministers may confer with any servicemen who so desire, President E. C. Elliott has granted office space in the Executive Building. These peisonal conferences will be held on the first floor of the Executive Building, Room 108. This room is located on the right of the main entrance. The telephone number is 3001, extension 06. Schedule Of Events
)
Week of .July 11-17, 1943 Sunday, July 11—Church services for Army and Navy trainees
list of permanent members. The head of the school concerned with any case before the committee is aU
so a member.
V. L. Overman Is In Charge Housing facilities are under the chaige of V. L. Overman, acting Director of the Men’s residence halls, while W. A. Bodden, assistant controller of the University is repsonsible for furnishing housing facilities for Army and Navy use. R. T. Hamilton is in charge of maintainance of the houses and is responsible for making any physical changes necessary. Food Is Inspected Food inspection for campus service men is performed by W. A.
COL. D. M. BEERE
changes in the militaiy program. Taking command before the outbreak of war in Europe at a time when this was one of the outstanding ROTC units, he has seen first
the service man Chicago comes as close to realization of this dream as any city could. What does a service man want on his day off? Gals?—Chicago has ’em. Food, fun, sleep? Chicago makes it a civic duty to supply
these.
Try Traveller’s Aid If you’re out for a full course dinner with hot soups, rare rationed ^neats and all the trimmings, even Chicago cannot guarantee you’ll get it. Your best bet is to go to Traveller’s Aid desk on the street floor of the Servicemen’s Center, 176 W. Washington Street, and inquire about home hospitality. If you’re not too late, you can chose from a bevy of invitations ranging from a personal “request to dine” issued to an individual serviceman, to an invitation to join in the fun at a large dinner dance or party. These go fast; so the odds are you’ll be visiting the canteens. The most, pi’ominent canteens are those in the Servicemen’s Centers. Center No. 1 at 176 W. Washington Street is a 14 story structure devoted exclusively to the serviceman’s needs. You can spend twenty four hours of each day within the confines of this building and come back for more. Step right in, check your bags in the basement. On the ninth floor you can check your valu-
ables.
Even A Shower And Shave Now you’re ready for shower and shave. They will give you heavy towel, razor and cream. On the same floor you shine shoes, and wash and iron your clothing. All spiffed up, you go to the canteen on the 3rd floor. You cannot be a gourmet hei’e, but a gourmand can be satisfied. Walk along the counter and take all the hot-dogs, cake, cookies, coffee and milk you want. Come again and again if you desire; the line is never long, The can-
such a page will be one of the major contributions to the unification of the University of Purdue and the
service men on the campus. —H. J. BARTLEY, Com.
COMM. H. J. BARTLEY beginning during the first World War. He served on supply ships and transports taking food and ai'maments to the allies in Europe and then on duty for the navy he saw the Russian Front at Arch Angel and along the Dvina River. Further south, along the Piave front, he also witnessed fighting. After the Armistice his unit was moved to the French German border and in the autumn of 1919 he 'was sent home to the United States where he resumed civil life. Becomes Battalion Commander In 1933, Commander Bartley was appointed battalion commander of the 2nd Battalion,- First Area, Ninth naval district and was recalled to active duty in May 1941 ivhen he was assigned to the U. S. (See BARTLEY, page 4)
USOToHdditi^ Twice Each Wee| For Armed Fdites Men Find Writing, Reading Factl^ies Small towns like Lafayette are riot usually noted for their abundance of attractive women, but we really have no kick coming when we see the many girls at the USO dances. There is a variety, to suit most every individual taste and the young hostesses are quite, friendly. The dances are given every Wednesday and Saturday night in, the upstairs ballroom on Sixth and Ferry Streets. The music is furnished by a juke box and the rhythms vary from “jitter” to the sweet and slow. Surprising again is the fact that there is enough room and each couple is allotted more than two square feet in which to dance. Strong Competition For the army'men’>there will* be the interesting experience of breaking into the efftrenched stronghold of the Navy. But the friendly,cgmpetition will add interest to the USO dance^. The fact that after a particular dance the girl makes a bee-line for the side of the dance floor should not discourage anyone. That is the way it is done here. The idea is to give all the fellows a chance to dance with the various girls. Of course, any interested service man can learn how to make bee-fines too. Variety Of Entertainment , Next to the ballroom is ,a quiet lounge in which there,.is a piano and usually a group playing and singing. That sort of relaxation is for those who have tired of dancing. On the first floor of the building there are facilities for games, writing, reading and the general amusements that tend to make the soldier, sailor or marine feel at- home in a faraway place. It is worthwhile to see what the local USO has to offer. There is plenty here to keep a serviceman from bouncing out of town every week end. ,,
will bo held m the Purdue Music Anderson who keeps thif Purchas- the increase in the numbers taking teen is open from 9 a. m. to 12 mid- ^ 1 ^-4? 41.,... .^,1 _1 ...tl.i. 1 1_ _ • ' TT..VV. J 3 J?
Hall effective this date and every Sunday until further notice. All trainees not on week-end pass will be required to attend one of the denomination services on July 11. Schedule of services is as follows:
Catholic Seivice.s—8:30 A. M. and messing of armed forces perProtestant Services—9:30 A. M. sonncl on the campus while officers Jewish Services—10:30 A. M. of the army and navy here are ih 3:00-6:00 P. M.—World’s Best chaVge of all other matters pertainRecorded Music, Music Room Mem- ing to the programs. orial Union Building. 3:00-6:00 P. M.—The Punch Bowl University men and trainees sta(get acquainted party for,service- tioned on the University of Oklamen, civilians and faculty of Pur- homa campus have chosen coed due University) — Main Lounge, partners and entered the intraMemorial Union Building. mural tennis matches which were
held there recently. Campus sports
are going to war.
ing agent, and the managers of the advanced military courses, the inMon’s residence halls, and the Un- crease in war mateiials allotted to ion in formed regarding the quality the Military Department and the of the food. organization of the Army Special-
Specifically, the University, is in '^'^d Training piogram. charge of the instruction, housing Attends West Point
Colonel Beere went to West Point, graduating in 1909 and then serving in the Phillippines, and on the Mexican border until 1916.
night. Hog dogs are served fi'om the forenoon till closing time except on rare occasions when sandwiches are substituted for variety. In the morning, oranges or other fruit are added to the menu. Throughout the day, assorted (See ON FURLOUGH, page 4)
with three bronze stars, the Distin-
In the Woild War he served first guished service cross for extraordi-
at Platt,sburg Camp and then overseas in the Maibache sector and in the St. Mihiel and Meuse-Argonne offensives with the Field Artillery of the 82nd division. Awarded The Victory Medal
naiy heroism in action near Buzancy, France and at the end of the war he had reached the rank of Colonel. After holding* various positions he was appointed Professor of Mili-
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
For his service on the continent tary Science and Tactics at the Unihe was awarded the Victory Medal versity in 1938.
WELCOME TO PURDUE Make Our Store Your Headquarters for Needed Supplies / iN^ote Books Stationery Fountain Pens and Pencils Toilet 'Articles Athletic Equipment Cigarettes Magazines Books UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
Across from the Union Building
M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29
R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’403$
i
If' f !',»>*' ' , ,, A , ■«> fdg^4
'■'' ■' *'> j'''’\'>,'f'’‘,\l,' '■ ' '., ^ • ‘" ' y.' "'i' '■ ’’ ‘ ', ,’2:' '
Purdue Exponent
Saturday, July 10, 1943
Wolverines To Start Grid Practice July 19 Or 26 Football will move onto the Michigan sports stage for a four months run either July 19 or 26, depending upon which date Coach Fritz Crisler selects for the opening of summer practice. No. 1 problem out of many for the Michigan mentor, who is beginning his sixth season at the Wolverine helm, is personnel. There is no doubt as far as Michigan and other Big Ten schools are concerned about there be-
ing a 1943 season. Nine games tern, Notre Dame, Minnesota, Illi-
nois, Indiana, Wisconsin and Ohio
State.
Dance
have been carded for the Wolverines and will be played no matter what tne attendance, so it thus boils down to that
usual coa«hing chore of putting 11, (Continued from page 1) capable men on the field at once. tella and Mignon, adagio trio; the New Eligibility Rules ' Parker Brothers, aerobatics, and Under war-time eligibility rules, Keaton and Armfield, Kaper Kut-
everyone enrolled in the university
will be eligible. This includes serv- . ,,,7 • a- »
,, .... tt Student reaction to “Varieties’
ice men as well as civilians. How-
ever. of the service men upon this indicate the type of entertainand other campuses it appears that ment wanted, and will govern the only Navy and Marine trainees may seletcing of future shows by the be used in intercollegiate athletics committee for student and service
as Army oificials have declined to sanction such activity for their men. Michigan at the moment has 1446 Navy men and Marines in uniform under the specialized training,pro-
men’s amusement.
Union Dance
Flaunting its humerous novel ideas, the Student Union sponsored
gram and their participation in the dance, lasting until 11:30 p. m., will intercollegiate program, as long as 8'®^ under way in both ballrooms it does not interfere M'ith studies, immediately after the Music Hall has Washington approval. Of this show. “No admission charge and group the Marines total 300 and in- ^ unique cutting system give the elude at least three members of RCA, Curtiss-Wi’ight and Wright Wisconsin’s excellent 1942 starting Field girls, the army, navy and maeleven: Halfback Elroy Hirsch, I’iries and all University students a Quarterback Jack Win and Center chance to meet and mingle and get Fred Negus. Several other Badger acquainted. However, this system
Kenny Smock Chosen For All-Star Grid Tilt Kenny Smock, former Boilermaker gridiron star, has been added to the list of players to take part in the Chicago Tribune Charities Inc. All-Star gridiron battle. The AllStar’s will face the Washington Redskins in Northwestern’s Dyche stadium August 25. At the present time Smock is in the navy air corps and will complete his trailing at Glenview, 111., shortly before the collegians assemble at Northwestern. Entered Navy In February Cadet Smock entered the navy last Febi’uary after a successful season as halfback on the Riveter squad despite a series of injuries. He won two varsity football letters here, but did not participate in any other sport. He is twenty-one years of age, weighs 185 pounds, and is a fraction of an inch less than six feet tall. He attended Shortridge High School, Indianapolis, Ind. Personnel Notes Companies scneduled to visit the campus: Liaster-Kauff maim Aircraft Corp., St. Louis, Mo.—July 12. Interested in Ae.E., M.E., C.E. Sign in Personnel Office before 12 M. Saturday, July 10. The Glenn L. Martin Company, Baltimore, Md.—Date to be announced. Interested in August and December Ae.E., M.E., C.E., E.E.,
P.S.E.
letter winners also are in the group.
Three Wolverine Regulars
Three regulars from Michigan’s 1942 team also are stationed here in uniform. They include Capt. Paul
is in effect in the South ballroom, and only couples may enter the
North ballroom.
Providing music will be Harry Reed in one ballroom and the re-
White, halfback, who is in the Ma- maining Maury Mahn’s men in the
rines, and two Navy trainees, Fullback Bob Wiese and Center Mei’vin Pregulinan. All-American guard, Julius Franks, is available as a predental student and several of the Wolverine reserves and outstanding freshmen from last fall are also
other balhoom. The entire evening’s entertainment is second in a series of weekly programs for week end entertain-
ment.
Tickets In Cashier’s Office Tickets for the Music Hall pro-
ATTENTION!! IF YOU’VE BEEN LOOKING FOR A QUIET PLACE TO SIT DOWN AND RELAX FOR A HALF HOUR OR SO, WHY DON’T YOU TRY THE WEST LOUNGE OR ONE OF THE LOUNGES OPPOSITE THE EAST OR WEST DESKS.
ARMY, NAVY, AND MARINE MEN— GET ACQUAINTED WITH THE UNION. MEET YOUR FRIENDS IN ONE OF THE LOUNGES. JhSL fijUAduSL ^VYlsmufimL lAnimc The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
stationed on the campus in the Navy gi-am are 44 cents and are obtainprogiam, although the No. 1 fresh- able at the Cashier’s Office in the man back—Dick Walterhouse—has Executive Building, the west desk recently transferred to West Point, of the Union, the Musical OrganizaWhat other material is on hand tion’s Office in the Music Hall, may be learned during the four Playshop business office in Fowler weeks of summer workouts. The Hall, Deac’s, Southworth’s, Glatz’s Wolverine schedule includes Camp and Deckel’s. Tickets will be on Grant, Michigan State, Northwes- sale at the Music Hall doors.
Tj'lie following companies are not scheduled to visit the campus; however, they are interested in students for employment: Metallurgical Research Laboratory, Republic Steel Corporation, Canton, Ohio^—Interested in Chemists, Ch.E. Sign in the Personnel Office by Wednesday, July 14. E. I. Dupont De Nemours & Company, Parlin, N. J.—Interested in Engineers. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, July 14. Machine Gun Plant, Saginaw Steering Gear Division, General Motors Corporation, Detroit, Michigan—Interested in M.E., E.E., P.S.E. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, July 14.
Pick Ex-Wolverine Diamond Star For A. L. All-Star Team Dick Wakefield, Detroit Tiger outfielder, has been chosen by manager Joe McCarthy of the American Ldague All-Stars to replace Charlej^ Keller of the Yankees, on the All-Star team this year. Wakefield, former outstanding University of Michigan baseball star, was signed' by Detroit two years ago while still a student at the University. He continued going to school in the fall and winter terms and played outfield for the Tigers in the spring
and summer. Leading Hitter
Judy Garland and Van Heflin in a Wakefield now leads the Ameriromantic moment from M-G-M’s can league in hits and is among the musical, “Presenting Lily Mars,” leaders in doubles and runs batted playing at the Lafayette Theatre in. He is replacing Keller who vras starting tomorrow. In the film Judy spiked in an attempt to steal secplays a stagestruck youngster who nnd base during the last Yankee-
finally reaches stardom.
M. E. Flunkies Drub Faculty For Third Win
By L. L. Fontleroy
Riding through on a blaze of glory and extra base hits the powerful softball team known as the M.E. Flunkies trounced the Mechanical Engineering Faculty team Thursday afternoon by an overwhelming score of 5-2. The win
f-M Office Announces Pairings For Tourney Pairings in the all-campus golf tournament were announced by the Intramural office yesterday, with some 36 students and faculty members qualifying for the competition. Pairings were based on scores that were turned into the Intramural office be-
fore Monday of this week.
Sixteen golfers qualified for the championship flight by making the 18 holes in less than ■ —
Indian series in Cleveland. The doctor sent Charley home to receive and treatments. This left a vacancy in the All-Star outfield which will be filled by rookie Wakefield, who’s record shows that he is capable of
handling the job.
The game, the 11th annual contest between the National and American leagues, will be played in Philadelphia next Tuesday night.
On Furlough (Continued from page 3)
sweets like ice cream. Baby Ruths,
etc., are offered.
Had enough? Now you wanna’
Thursday marked the third straight The gal department is on the for the newly organized Flunkies; upper floors. They re dancing up twice before they completely out- there. Good luck, fella, classed the Phi Tau Sigma outfit. .Faithfuls Read, Write, Etc. Let it be known right here and What’s that? You are faithful to now that the Flunkies is really a home town Helen of Troy. Then you select organization and not just a will prefer the pool and billiards pickup team. To be eligible a stu- room. Play as long as you like. Or dent must be in the M.E. school do you favor ping pong, checkers, or and must have flunked at least one cards ? They are available. Try
86, while 16 contestants whose scores ranged from 86 to 100 were placed in the “A” flight. Only, four have qualified for the “B” flight, and the Intra--mural office has decided to permit a limited number of players to enter the play in this flight. Those who are interested in entering the tournament are urged by the officials to leave their names at the Intramural
office.
First Round Ends July 14
It is the desire of the tourney officials to have the first round of competition completed by Wednesday July 14, and they have asked that the contestants make arrangements to have their games played
by that time.
TMie pairings are as follows:
Championship Flight,
course while here at the University—there is no limit to the number flunked. With this many men eligible it is no wonder the Flunkies can put a good team on the
field. ^
Hodapp Handcuffs Faculty
writing and reading in the lounge— soft ample easy chairs, all the stationery you can use, any Chicago newspaper you desire. Far off somebody is bound to be playing the piano; you can go play, too. Do you want to sing, listen to classical or
Model Plane Club Will Hold Contest Tomorrow At 1 Club Opens Confesl’ To All Plane Types " Model ail'plane meet sponsor,ed by the Purdue Aeromodelers Club
will be held tomorrow afternoon at
1 p. m. on a field located one-half
mile northwest of the Purdue Golf
course and about one and three quarter miles from Cary Hall. Competitive flights for all classes of rubber powered models, gas models, hand-launched and tow-
launched gliders, are to be held
D. 0. Hendricken vs T. P. Wiske with prizes given in each group.
Awards offered are subscriptions to leading mod^l aircraft magazines.
Directions To Field
Directions for getting to the field are as follows: Take the gravel road at the west end of Stadium Avenue past Intramural Field for about one mile and turn right at the end of this road. Signs will be posted all along the way directing the way. There is also a map locating the field posted on the door of the Aeromodelers Club Room, room
80 in the Union.
Entry in the contest is open to all students, but non-members will be charged a 50 cent entry fee. A handicap system will be used to adjust the various types of models in-
to one event.
Flying will start at one p. m. The public is invited to attend.
H.'J. Wilkens vs Geo. T. Bodnar John Sines vs T. M. Nourse E. J. Kahler vs Chas. Lamb J. V. Harrison vs L. Rossebo H. T. Harrison vs H. R, Roberts Red Mackey vs C. C. Davis W. F. Stuart vs Sam Voinoff
“A” Flight
Ed. Wells vs Emmett Lowry J. B. Feuquay vs C. E. Cole Mario Mansueto vs Joe Regains M. L. Clevett vs J. C. Vanderford B. Schroyer vs A1 Lindskoog E. G. Pitat vs H. Shechter Larry LaBree vs John Pardee
“B” Flight
Bob Liggett vs R. D. Martin Q. W. File vs R. B. Batchelor
In the game Thursday, Bob Ho- modern records? How about hav-
Inf'oi;mation can be obtain at the Personnel Office regarding employment opportunities in the Indiana State Service for: Power House Engineer Plant Maintenance Engineer
Interviewer Bacteriologist
'Welfare Visitor Placement' Notes For Women The WAAC is now selecting officer candidates from civilian status. Qualifications include: age from 21 to 50; a minimum alterness test score and at least four years of experience beyond the high school level in study, work, social or civic fields. College work may be substituted for the years of experience. Applications should be filed through the local recruiting office in the Post Office. Further information may be obtained through Placement Service for Women (2955).
dapp, the winning hurler in the fraternity finals this year, had little trouble in handcuffing the creaky, fragile old men from the Mechanical school. Bob let up a little to let the faculty score their two runs on Prof. Eaton’s “hit” just over the infield. On the mound for the faculty was Mr. LeUtwiler of the Machine Design Dept, who is really quite a pitcher. Errors by Leutwilcr, Siegel, and Eaton played a big part in the faculty downfall—Siegel on first and Eaton in the outfield. Play P.E. Faculty Next
ing a record made of your voice ? Tired now? Cots are assigned on the ninth floor between the hours of 11 p. m. and 1 a. m. Four or five of you will sleep in one room, but you’ve done that before. You can be awakened or sleep indefinitely
as you prefer. Other Centers
Similar centers are located on 430 S. Michigan Avenue and on 50 E. 49th Street. They are not as large as center No. 1, but offer most of the same things. Center No. 2 on Michigan Avenue has bowling alleys which are being repaired for
,!tour future use.
Next week the Flunkies will get evenings after 5 p. m. their first real test of the season Sundays from 10 a. m. a good when they meet a team from the ^he Summer Center (open P.E. faculty. With men like Burn- 2-September 15) in Lincoln
Park right on the lake. Bathing
ham, Mackey, Sines, Lowery, Beers, Allen and Reeck to choose from, the P.E. team should be able to put up a
fairly good game.
Women's Halls Lead
Coed Swim Classes For Current Week Will Reopen Tuesday War Stamp Drive
Girls swimming classes in the pool of the Women’s Gymnasium will enter the second period next Tuesday, July 13, and will continue for five weeks through August 14. New students will be admitted to the classes beginning Tuesday. Thursday, and Saturday with beginners scheduled at 10 a. in. and intermediate and advanced swimmers at 11 a. m.
Receipts for campus war stamp sales of last week have been turned in by the Student Union office, and Women’s Residence Halls lead the diive with a total sale of $73.80. Phi Gamma Delta runs second, having purchased $17.75 worth of stamps dm ing one week'. Stamps are sold at the Sweet Shop door from 3 to 5 p. m. from Mondays to Fridays. It is hope that students will a.s.sume more responsibility in supporting the sale of Stamps, so that better showings will be made in the future. Listed in the older of their purchases are: Alpha Tau Omega, Alpha Sigma Phi, Phi Mu, Phi Tau, Theta Chi, Delta Gamma, Sigma Alpha Mu, Alpha Chi Omega, Chi Omega, and Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Since this does not remotely apprach entire representation of all oi'ganized campus gitiups, co-op houses, halls, fraternities and solorities, sales managers are striving for improved total sales during the coming week. Try An Exponent Cla.ssified!
liUiVlPJlKhy BOGART stars wilh Raymond Massey and Alan Hale in the Mar.s 'I'lieatre’s current a<traction, “Action in the Nortli Atlantic,” Julie Bishop, Dane Clark and Ruth Gordon are also in the Warner film.
Classified Ads
Typewriters: Addinj? macnines, all makes sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeoftiaph woik done. 0. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main,
Lafayette. Phone 2779.
'A
suits are lent free. After your swim you can “canteenize” and dance in the beautiful spacious casino. If your current Heart Throb prefers the open, you can pitch horseshoes, watch outdoor movies, or just sit sentinentally with your feet dangling over serenely poetic Lake Michigan. Variety In USO Centers For variety, try the USO centers. Most convenient to a “loop-hound” is the center on 131 S. Wabash Avenue. For one who likes thick sandwiches the USO center at 203 N. Wabash Avenue is a good thing on week ends. You will like their lox, bagels and distinctive meats. If your time is limited, you will not want to lose any of it testing the “sucker” offers. Don’t wonder about the invitation of photo studios to have your picture taken free. You needn’t be stuck. Go in, have your picture taken, resist sales talks and come out the winner. Hoffman’s at 155 N. Clark Street and another studio at 203 N. Wabash Avenue give you good sales talks and good pictures free. To get the picture you will have to impress on your salesman the fact that you intend to go to Chicago on week ends and that you will be able to pick up the proofs and final picture personally. Beware The Panther Room Don’t get stuck in the Panther room of the Sherman hotel unless you just want to see it. It’s an ordinary night spot with a pretty good oi'chestra. Through the Servicemen’s Center, passes are issued because the management wants to put soldiers on the stage to serve as background tor their mediocre “.stage door canteen” show. When the show is over, you will get a dry sandwich or two and a soft drink. Nothing liilarious, but o.k. if you desire to breeze through the place. Don’t get stuck Saturday night
in Chicago than the centers can handle. So many get fooled that some end/ up sleeping on the carpeted floor of the lounge of the YMCA on LaSalle Street. You cannot reserve a cot in the Servicemen’s Center; so you better reserve one some place else before starting out^ for the evening’s entertainment. y ' YMCA Best The best deal is the YMCA on 826 S. Wabash Avenue. For 75 cents you can rent a comfortable room and all the privileges that go with a good “Y.” Several other Y’s rent cots on Saturday night only for 3550 cents. The most convenient one is on 19 S. LaSalle Street. Hundi’eds of-cots are laid out on the gym floor with only 3-6 inches of space between them. At 9 a. m. you are awakened whether you want to or
not.
Perhaps most popular is the free ticket service of the Servicemen’s Centers. For evening events tickets are issued at 5 p. m. To get your pick you better get there early. Despite th'e fact that only one ticket is given to each man, the tickets go
fast.
After 6 p. m. After 6 p. m. the chances of getting a ticket to a legitimate show are practically nil, with the one exception, perhaps, of tickets for “Guest in the House”, the best play in Chicago produced by the Actors Company, an advanced group. Tickets for movies and wrestling bouts move slowly. To get tickets for musical events other than the Ravinia Festival you better be prompt. An unusual treat for a romantic bloke is the moonlight cruise on Lake Michigan. The Servicemen’s Center will give you your ticket free and you can buy one for your girl for $1.00; or, better yet, you can meet your Chicago si\-on on the boat. If your time is limited you will be unable to see the real Chicago, that part of Chicago owned by and free to all Chicagoans. The Brookfield Zoo, Field Museum, Museum of Sciences and Industry—these and numerous other points should be toured. (We’ll share real Chicago with its citizens in the next issue ?)
WAA To Sponsor Tennis Tournament For Eds, Coeds An all-campus mixed doubles tennis tournament, sponsored by the Women’s Athletic Association and open to all University students, will start July 16. The deadline for registration is Wednesday, July 14. A partner is not a prerequisite for signing up for the contest, as the tournament committee will assign one to those entering singly. Entrants should register at the Field House or the Women’s Gym as soon as possible. If available, the pai-tner’s name should be included in the registration.
Notices
GE H, 12 Make-Ups: Conditional mak^-up examination in GE 11 and GE 12 will be Kiven Saturday afternoon, July 10. Make arraiiBements in room 202, Goldqn Shops. Brinir textbook and drawing equipment along. —OWEN Distinguished Students: Refunds are available in Cashier's Office. —HOLLINSBBB Aeromodellers: Miller’s field is not avqilable for the contest. A new field has been found and directions on how to get to it arc on the door of loom 80. —QUINN Glider Cluli: Meeting Wednesday night at 7 in the Union. Everyone please be there. —SALISBURY Ail Students: Purdue Christian Foundation summer roundup at Thomas’ cabin on the river Saturday, July 10. Leave from East Union entrance at 1:80. Transportation provided. Take swimming suits. If interested, call Rivers, ,5757, or Fox, 2091. —FOX Freshman Engineers: There will be no meeting o! GE 1 and GE 2 on Saturday, July 10. Watch Exponent next week for dates of future meetings. —KNAPP Christian Foundation: Summer roundup is iilanned for Saturday. Those wishing to enjoy an af tel noon of games and singing at a c.ibin near town meet at east door of the Union at 1:15 Saturday, July 10. —NASH Tail Beta Pi: Important meeting Tuesday, July i:i, at 7 :15 p. m. Election of new membeia. Please leserve this date. See Exponent for place of meeting. —YINGST
/
Bartley
Money to Loan: On diamonds, watehes, without a bed. Only on Satlll’day Oir"cir'ii'o7 cliUimbia)'^"'''^^ Albert’s Loan there more soi’vice men
(Continued from page 3) Naval Signal, Yoeman and Storekeepers School at Toledo as Executive Officer. He was as.signed here last January. To the officei’s and men in Cary Hall he is the Captain, and has as his duties the inspection of the men, the seat as judge at the Captain’s mast, a judiciary court for minor offenses, and the direction and responsibility for all actions of the U. S. S. Cary Hall. Buy War Bonds
August nnd December ME Graduates: If voii want interviews with visiting companies, get instruction sheets, "rcQurst for interview" cards, and company list In ME olfice this week. —BOLZ ^ Gimlet Actives: Pledging will take place iVudnesday, July 1-1, 1!)<13, at 8 p. m. Meet at Delta ’Tau Delta fraternity house,
—MORRISON
Acroinudclcrs; Don’t forget the contest Sunday beKiniiing at 1 p. m. Directions on how to get to the new field are on the door of loom 80. —QUINN Skull and Crescent: Important meeting on Tuesday. July 18, in room 355 at 7:80 P m Elections will be held. Plans for picnic will also be discussed. All Navy members are urged to attend. —KLEIN All Unorganized Women: Meeting in PIA oil ice 'I’uesday', July 13, b:45 to 7:30 p. m Plans will be made lor the coed show on July 31st. —YOUNG Student Senate: Important Senate meeting Monday night, July 12, at 8 o’clock. __ —THOMAS Gold Peppers: Picnic, 5:30 Wednesday. July 1-1, behind htadium. Each girl bring her own .sandwiches. Election of members. Compulsory. - —LEU’TY
%?■ t-'' 'f ^
A