I' '
.
I ♦
|i r
I *' i
s ■
For the first time duties elsewhere deny me the privilege of greeting personally those who are Purdue freshmen. Fortunately, the Exponent will serve as a dependable messenger to the members of what I proudly think of as my twenty-first freshman class. By the pre-war University practice you would be referred to as members of the Class of 1946. But in this world of struggle and distress time and the times are out of joint. If you are what we hope you are, you will be qualified to graduate in May, 1945. Therefore, you are the Class of
M-45 (M for Must). '
You are the most important of all of the freshman classes I have known. Mor j is expected of you, and in a shorter time, than of any of your predecessors. You may not forget, for a single instant, that you are in the national service. Every minute and every action count. Find out what the University wants you to do. Determine with all of your concentrated power to get your share of the job well done. This wifi require strength of body, the learning mind, and above all, the spirit that will not make peace with failure. No one can for^ll how long the Nation will permit you to remain as students. Whether the time be long or short, each of you has a job that no. one else can do. Every minute of your stay in Purdue should add to the confidence of the Nation in you, in youth and in Purdue.
EDWARD C. ELLIOTT
Dr. E. C Elliott Speaks At War Convocation Outlines Course For Male Students In Nation's Accelerated War Effort Along with the University’s change from its peacetime duties to one of accelerated training of civilians and members of the armed forces and in addition to an intensified research program as part of the nation’s war effort, students have been kept accurately informed as to their status under these conditions and as to means of continuing their education to meet the demand for technically-trained college graduates. The program, in general, has been centered about four special War Convocations at _1__
which students heard the latest news of the University’s wartime role directly from President E. C. Elliott, who now is on a leave of absence from his duties here to serve as chief of the division of professional and technical employment and training for the War Manpower
Commission in Washington.
In his last talk, delivered July 31, Dr. Elliott, basing his advice on information gathered from his associations in the nation’s capital, outlined a clear and definite course expected from male students as he stressed the need for educated men in industry and the armed foices and urged students to stay on the job until they are told what next
to do.
“Amci ica’s college students must be ready to give up their freedom during the battle in order that all may lipve freedom after the battle has been won,” Elliott .said, frankly stating that all able-minded and able-bodied men students will be directed towards the armed foi'ces and those who are not physically fit for combat will ba ti'tHned to meet the demands in “scarcity fields of need”. “Every' student of Purdue must consider himself to be on voUmteer duty, acting under the unescapable orders of his own conscience. Purdue is not a hideout for the fainthearted. Purdue is not a sanctuary for the spiritless,” the ])rcsident pointed out. Although students successfully completing their training have not been subject to the draft. Dr. Elliott urged the students to enlist in some one of the .student enlisted reserves set up by tlie Army, Navy 01' the Air Corps, or if they could Dot qualify for that, to become a member of the general manpower reserve of trained ability for service back of the fighting lines. Elliott stated that the mere fact that an able-minded foerson does not have the necessary money to complete an education wouldn’t mattpr, because the government in-
Hockema Greets Freshmen S/xy-Nto/i cn« Work Pgy| Today With Orientation Tests With an introductory convocation program considerably modified by the inroads the war has nmde among University official, the Universi4;y this morning welcomed its sixty-ninth
freshman class.
The customary “Word of Welcome” was spoken by Professor Fi-ank C. Hockema, assistant to the President, in the absence of President E. C. Elliott, who will take time off from his Washington duties next —• ... - '—: — -
week for his first look at the freshmen and less importarit parts of the University at the special “Will to Win” convocation. Professor Hockema not only welcomed the freshmen and the transfer students- to the University but also stressed the importance of the positions which the University and the country will expect them to fill both during the war and the period of reconstruction following the war. Doors Open At 7:15 The freshmen, as usual, began gathering at 6:30 to wait for the Music Hall doors to open at 7:16 for the convocation at 8 o’clock. This state of affairs has long bothered A. P. Stewart, head of the University Musical Organizations, and this year he took steps to keep the freshmen happy with orgaii music while they sat and listened to the air conditioning roar and watched other freshmen arrive. « Stewart then began education of the class with instructions in the proper way of singing “Hail Purdue”. From 7:40 to 8 he used a program of patriotic and popular music to bring the freshmen into a good mood for the proceedings of the morning.' Introduction to the
Hew Grading Plan
t, '
This Semester Special Achieyetnent Grade Replaces This semester a new system of grading will take effect as specified in the latest edition of the “Rules and Regulations” pamphlet. The greatest change will be the dismissal of the H grade rated as 6.5. A grade of 6 will be in its place. Requirements Remain Same The requirements for graduation are unchanged under this new sys-
tem, ■
'The..revised rating system is as
follows:
6—Excellent, to be awarded for unusually high achievement;
S—Good; 4—Fail';
3—Passing iir minimal objectives
only; j
2-^Condition, indiejating failure to achieve minimal objectives only to such limited extentj^j^that credit can be obtained either by special examination or otherwise without repeating the entire course. At the
Twin Bill Convocation Also Presents EHIolt The nation’s War Man-Pow-
er Commission will be well represented here at the beginning of this semester when Dr. Elliott and the Commission’s chief, Paul V. McNutt, come to the campus for an allUniversity “Will to Win” convocation. The University’s airminded President flew here
H
orning
Doors Of Armory Will Open Ar8
Following the introductory
University was continued with yells time grade 2 is reported, there must led by head yell leader Bruce E. jjg tiled in the Registrar’s office a
statement of what the student must
Paul V. McNutt
Army Offers Deferment Plan For Students Milifary Depari-ment Acts As Headquarters Dr. Edward C. Elliott, president of the University, who is at the present time in Washington servingin his capacity as coordinator of college )ukU university war effort thro^gRout the nation, stated in his address to the student body on July 31 that the University was not going to servo as a hideout for the
faint of heart.
Vohmlai-y Enlistmenls Being offei-ed to i)rescnt Universtiy students for this, calendar year only and thereafter only to now entering students, the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps plan permits the voluntary enlistment of qualified students who will be allowed to continue their education and graduate with a view to qualifying for and becoming commissioned officers in the U. S. Army. Students enlisted in the Enlisted Reserve Corps arc not subject to selective service or active duty prior to graduation except when they drop out of .school, fail to graduate with, their proper class, fail to maintain a satisfactory scholastic level or fail to pass an examination for the ERC which tlidy must take before Lhp end of -their soj)homore year.
uola'Is 1,452
The Enlisted Reserve quota for th'e University numbers 1,4.52 and towards filling this quota 22 freshmen, 121 sophomores, 56 juniors and 11) seniors have already enlisted. The.se figures do not include members of the ROTC atlvanced course^ who if they entered were reqiiired to enlist in the ERC. Students are reminded that the Army will not accept applications foi- the Enlisted Reserve fiom in-
do to remove the condition.
■ . 1—Failure, issued by the instructor, requiring course to be repeated successfully in order to receive
Adams.
Lettering Exercise Dropped The lettering exercises which
caused last year’s freshmen so much agony and produced such small results, at registration were left off credit.
the program this year. R. B. Stone, F—Failure, a disciplinary grade registrar, started the freshmen on issued from the office of the Dean the intricate process of registration of Men or the Dean of Women, inwith instructions in filling out dicating serious delinquency, forms. I—Incomplete, a temporary recActing Dean of Women Clare ord for work passing in quality but Coolidge and Fred I. Goldsmith,-not in quantity because of unavoidDeai^ of Men, were introduced and able absence or other cause beyond spoke briefly. Then the freshmen a student’s control, all breathed sighs of mixed relief L—Incomplete, a temporary recand resignation as H. H. Remmers ord for work incomplete in quanstepped forward to explain the tity irrespective of quality when (1) orientation tests. _ instruction is incomplete at the end The psychological examination of a term, or (2) a student with^ and the English placement test took draws from the University for any up the remainder of the morning, reasons approved by the faculty (See ORIENTATION, page 7) from time to time.
Exponent Work Offers Practical Experience In Journalistic Field By Jake Wendell The humming of typewriters and the night editor’s feverish call for copy are common occurrences afound the Exponent office located in the sub-basement of the Union. During the last semester the paper was published three times a week, but four papers a week will be delivered during the coming
semester.
The work, which is done by students, is divided into three parts—editorial, sports and business—but it is the editorial staff that actually produces ^^ ' , the newspaper. Reporters, foi-ms. This ends the job of the edicopyreaders, headline writer's, toi-iai .staff workers, but the forms issue editors, night editors— ''etui-ned to the Union, printed,
these are the ones who are responsible for each i.ssue of the
from 'Washington recently to attend a meeting of the Board of Trustees-, and at that time announced his plans for the convo which will be held next Wednesday at 7:30 p. m. in the Music Hall. This double - bill program will be modelled after the inspirational “Vim, Vision and Victory” convo given last fall, and (he '-Fitnes.s’ convocation of the preceding year. Both Roosiers, Elliott and McNutt, have long been associated in Indiana affairs and affairs of the nation. Band, Glee Club To Perform McNutt preceded Townsend as Indiana’s governor from .1933 to 1937 aftei- which he wds..sgnt to Philippines as High Commissioner. Shortly afterward Elliott was granted a leave of absence from the University to join McNutt and act as consultant on reorganization of the University of the Philippines. Paul McNutt’s next post took him to Washington, D. C., in connection with the Federal Security Administration. He was placed in charge of the entire Social Security program, and held that post until a few months ago whenf Roosevelt made him boss of the War Man-Power Commission. The University Band and Glee Club will supplement the illustrious .speakers with several liumbers during the convocation.
President, Faculty Take On New Jobs
By Jean Lauer
■ Although Speedy and far-reaching changes have been Wrought in University life since the United States entered the war almost eight months ago, the enrollment of freshman stu-
dents has remained almost the same.
Tn fact, over 1,906 new students have Ii>een admitted to the University this fall and this figure together with the 350 freshmen who entered in May shows a decided increase in enf .■ . . — I — rollment. The ratio of men to
women students has changed since 42 more men than last year and 30 fewer women have been admitted. Official are unable to account for the fall in the number of coeds, which makes the ratio five freshman men for each freshman coed, except as a result of the ever increasing num-
ber of war marriages.
The Twelve Month Schedule A few weeks after war was de-
,. , 1 1 • 1 nn dared the University shifted to a convocation today, which offi- i2-month basis, adopting an “allcially opens the University S out” academic calendar that calls activities for the fall term, will for three 16-week terms and abanbe registration. As has been dons all long vacations. By this the custom in past years, dis- ®P®®ded up schedule a student may
tinguished students of May.
1942, will be given the priv- Over a hundred of the faculty and ilege of registering at 8 a, m. staff have left for duty with the Monday, or at any other time as armed services. The latest to leave they so desire. is Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of Registration for the general stu- women, who has been commissioned dent body will begin at 9 a. m. and ^ lieutenant in the Women’^^Rethis year will start with students serve of the United States Navy whose surnames begin with A. who left yesterday to begin Freshmen entering the University Uaining for her new duties. Her for the first time, will register on has been taken by Clare CoolTuesday alfd Wednesday following former assistant dean of
the completion of their physical ex- women,
aminations. A complete list of all ElBott Takes War Job old undergraduate students and Edward C. Elliott, University-
graduate students’ registration president, has been granted an in-*
times for Monday and Tuesday may definite leave of absence, following be found on page one. ^ government appointment to a post Must Have Schedule Cards war-time pro- „ i A ... , grams of all colleges and univerEntrance to the Armory will be ^j^ies in the country. Prof. Frank, at the door on the west side of the c. Hockema, assistant to the presibmlding The’Director of Admis- ^ent, now heads a special adminissions Office has requested that all trative committee composed of R.B. • students bring pencil and eraser and . controller ; A. A. Potter, their summer term schedule cards, gchools of EngineerThis IS especially important as ad- jj. J. Reed, Dean of the mission^ to the Armory cannot be School-of Agriculture,
obtained without a schedule card. New students must have satisfied all the entrance requirements and to
The tremendous task of placing our University on a war-time basis
, j -A.,. A A. was swiftly carried out. Shortly be admitted to the Armory they after Pearl Harbor the Student War
must present coupon A from the preliminaiT registration form. If
this card directs the student to re- ^ody. Composed of the leaders of port to the Director of Admissions, ■ ai„.. u , , , . , , ’ the m^or campus groups, it has or II he has not received a card of j „ j.- ■ , ... , , ,, ■ . streamlmed activities, sponsored deadmission he should report to the ^ , I j .• . . , . . , . ,, '. fense lectures and convocations and Admissions office in the Executive „„ A , ^ . , A A A , . .. , pushed tHe sale of war stamps and building at least twenty-four hours . t -..u Ai.- , . aa A- A A A A A. ■' bouds. lu connectiou with this before the time scheduled for regis- j i.
^ drive, many organizations have curtailed their social activities and de-
Change of Schools voted the funds saved to the purIf a new student wishes to change chase of bonds and stamps, to a school' other than that named More Military Training on hip certificate of admission, he Military training is not new to lould report to the Director of Ad- our campus. Under the CAA trainmissions before going to the Arm- ing carried on at the University ory. (See WAR EFFORT, page 7)
Exponent.
The work is practical .journalism. Students dl^the reporting, gather news, write stories, compose headlines, determine make-
on the Exponent press in the sub-' ba.semcnt of the Union, and distributed to the campii.s and local
Camera Club
reader.s. ,
Spoi-ts writers on the paper engage in .somewhat different work than the editorial staff, and their offico.s are located in the Fieldhouse.
, ,, „ ,, ’rheir work consists mainly of roup, and follow the nows froni the ,. , i- , • . • •! V..,,., porting and writing stories dealing
time it is an idea until the last slug Ls. set in place and . the chase is
locked up.
Gopy Games From Union
The paper, oi' copy as it is com-
tciids to provide edueatiomil funds dividuals who have iilready been oriii an attempt to ju-ovide for as dered to report for induction by much technical training as possible, their draft boards.
with the University athletic world and in planning the make-up of the
sports page.
Write Up Big Games
The sport.s staff spends much time
monly called, is written in the office in coverin.g the daily afternoon in the Union. After being carefully pi'aeticqs of, .Uiiiyeisity athletic read, it is shipped across town and teams and in writing up the “big
is set up in type and locked in the
... an organization for photographically minded students, promotes contest.s and exhibitions in lOhotographic art. Members of the cKib are able to purchase equipment and supplies through the club at reducutl rates, as well as to use the woll-furuisiie'd darkrooms in the basement of the Union Building.
Varsity Footballers Report to Health Service for pliy.sical examination at 2 p. m. Sunday.
Orientation Numberspetermine Time Freshmen Will Register Monday, August 31 —. 9-00 A M register according to their Ba.gj, 9:30 A.M. numbers in the orientation period.^ Bi-Bm 10:00 A.M. as follows: , , Bro-Car 10:30 A.M. Tuesday. September 1 Cas-Con .>... .11:00 A. M. I' ^2 1001-1080... .... 8:00 A. M. Coo-Daz 1:00 P. M. .1081-1160 8:30 A. M. Db-Ec 1:30 P.M. 1161-1240 9:00 A. M. Ed-FOn 2:00 P.M. 1241-1320 9:30 A. M. Foo-Gh . 2:30 PM. 1321-1400 10:00 A. M. Gi-Hak 3:Q0P.M. “1-132 1401-1480 10:30 A.M. Hal-Wes D’lOPM 133-154 1481-1560 ... 11:00 A. M. Het-Hum 4:00 p'. m! l^S'^O 1561-1640. . .... 1:00 P. M. T, , c 1 k ri 177-198 1641-17^0 1:30 P.M. Tuesday, September 1 ^,^ 220 1T2U1800 2:00 P. M. 221-242 180l\l880 2:30 P. M. K?' Kkj 1881^960 3:00 P. M. Font’S’ 265-286 I96I-X40 3:30 P. M. J; 21: S: r rf ”■ (iiid. all Me and Mac) 331-352 2201-2280 8:30 A. M. Mak-Mem 11:00 A. M. 353.374 2281-2360 9:00 A. M. Meii-Mor 1:Q0B. IV^. 375.395 2361-2440 9:30 A. M. 1:30 P.M. 397.418 2441-2520 10:00 .4. M. Nic-Paq 2;P0P. M- 419-440 2521-2600.. . .10:30 A. M. Par-Piq 2:30 P. M. 441.452 2601-2680 .11:00 A. M. 3:OOP.1\L 453-484 2681-276Q 1:00 P. M. Re^-Rof 3:30 P.M, 485-506 2161-2840 1:30 P. M. Rog-Sb 4:00 P. M. 507-528 2841-2020 2:00 P. M. New undergraduate and special 529-550 2921-eiid..... 2:30 P. Bf*X\ W“-,.
p?5
Page 2
Ptirdm Exponent
Saturdays Auguei 29, 1942
Purdue Exponent Offices: Ediforial and ISuiinett, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse,. Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m,, 5377 Editor-in-Chicf..... ;,...John F. Atnos News Editor.. .......Don T. Brophr MnnapinK- Editor JoKn H. Armatrbng Spons Editor..... .......Robert la« Hadley Basinets Managrer .....WIlHain D» Millard CiroiiJ.;! Itin Manager Ken K. Gjemre Coej I'.f] lor Alice Chatfleld Publication Staff AssotUte Sditora Editorial SlafTz R. W. Boswlnklei 1). E. Butz. W. G. Hoakinz, A. P. Hunter. D. W. Ochiltiree, W. E. Rdfert. Sports Staff: D. E. Brewer, J. S. Dnwsoii, E. li. Karpick. Coed Staff: Sally Beiall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer. Business Staff Cvicd BtisincRs Manager: Julia Martin. Advertising: Managers: J. M. Wright, D. Lt, Johnson* Circulation Manager.: G. H. Klouman. Accounts Manager: Treiia Torrenga. junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim. The Purdue Independent Edilor-in-Chief ..Dare Bart® Managing Editor....: Ed Humphrey Business Manager. Elwln Welbaum Coed Editor. Roberta .Keasle) Sports Editor r - Killlgrew Advertising Manager .Scott Brown Accounts Manager George Paint Circulation Manager .Harold Hendricke
Staff For This Issue Night Editors: Butz and Hoskins Sports EdlttajJDawson Day Editor: Beall Issue Editor: Abbetl Photography Editor: Rafert
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, arid at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20i 1922. Published on Wcclr.csdiO', Friday and Sunday mornings during the summer semester and daily except Monday during the fail and winter semesters: Delivered locally by carrier , tor $1.26 lor summer semester; mailed subscription $1.60, Represented for national advertimng by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 -Madison Ave.. New York, N. Y.
IfsUpToYou:.. Those of you who are entering the University this fall as freshmen have no doubt been bombarded from all sides by messages of every sort and from everyone who has enough authority to get a message printed. You’ve been welcomed a dozen times, and before much more time passes you’ll be welcomed some
more.
You wouldn’t be human if you didn’t wonder at times just what it’s all about, and what they ' all hope to get from you. It is hard to imagine
Orientation
For Coeds Starts
With Picnic
AWS Enterfains
Four Hundred
Orientation for- freshmen and transfer coeds began last night with the Associated Women Students pic-
Welcome Freshmen ■ • • The Exponent staff takes this opportunity to add its greetings to those many others that are attempting this week to make you, the cla.ss of ‘46 (under normal conditions) feel ' welcome at your alma mater. You enter Purdue as the first regular war class. You enter an already accelerated program. In this latter fact you are fortunate, accelerating was difficult. From an editor’s point of view this should be one of the most pleasant editorials he has to write during the year. It gives him a chance to give advice openly instead of trying to sugar coat it to the poipt where it is no longer recognizable. We might almost say that he is expected to lecture and moralize. This year we shall try to avoid a greslt deal of harangue which is traditionally a part of such an edtiorial and state simply the unadorned advice for those who don’t mind a sermon. (For those who do the editorial ended at the opening of the second paragraph.) First, you are starting without a strike against you, among people you don’t know, so make the first imj^ession a good one. Second, you are here primarily to study; so don’t let making impressions last so long that it interferes^th education. Going farther, don’t let anflping interfere so that the nuuimnm standai^s in a class become your
The Bottle Keck
Dear Freshmen (2nd batch, 1942), Jn keeping with the policy of everyone around the Joint to counsel, cheat, and beat you kids, we are adding oui’ meager bit. We, by the way, are the Cork; and if you are good boys ancTgifls you won’t be able to overlook the droolings of our typewriter as you seek the daily “Grin and Bear It’’ run on the same page. Good boys and girls sub.scribe to the Exponent.
Before we go far, however, let it be known that the Coi'k is fully as ignorant as you are and being such wc will he doing very little counselling. That leaves, the two other possible things we can do for your benefit, both of which we are incapable of. We can’t cheat you because we haven’t the brains, and we can't beat you hpcause we are just a little fellow. Wh^t we will
Index To Advertisers
Page
Theaters 2 Southworlh'a Book & Supply Store.. 2 Baltimore Clothes Shop 2 Purdue Meiporicil Union, ........4-5 City Meat and Poultify Market, 6 West Side Cleaners.........——: 6 Haywood's Drawing Supplies 6 Decker's Desk Supply Store 7 Southworth's Book & Supply Store.. 7 Haywood's Office Supplies 7 Dr. A. M. Irion, Dentist 7
nic, the first event in the series of H. G. Reisner Book Store.— 8
-10
10
.........10
Subscribe For/ The Exponetd
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii|iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiitii| I pfrATMTlrion j I —DENTIST— I § II9V^ Northwestern Ave. § = Phone 4965 =
GOOtt PRINTING • , - ■ : ■ . : et,- ' • PAINLESS PRICES More Style for Lett Money Kane's Print Shop 40) S.'zm St. Phene 5205
anyone doing something for you without ex- teas, picnics and parties to which Oeac's Book store pecting something in return, and for all the the four hundred new coeds will be JJ jewelry Co.
taken bv their eoun.selor.S. University Drug Store Peter Anderson Co., Garage
Service 10 Debris : —— H
attention you’re receiving you’ll figure that taken by their counselors some way you’ll have to pay it back. "^ke freshmen and transfers, who And you’ll be right, too. All the attention with assorted pamphlets and letters you get from those whom you will later dis- fi-om AWS, were taken in hand by
Cover are the big-wigs of the campus and of their counselors and introduced to Foster's Camera Shop 11 the University is not given without some approximately two-thirds of the university Book Store 11 thought Of being repaid. ®
Faculty meinbers, University om-
You have already heard of the enlisted re- dais and officers of Xws also helped Carl's Beautiful Shoes. .12 serve, if you aren’t already enlisted in it, and to welcome the freshmen to the Uni- Foster Shop 12 before long you will hear of advanced mill- versity. Judy Jones was in charge Dewenter's Clothing store 12
tary. It will seem to you that every week arrangements for the picnic,
some new branch of the service will be ex-
plained to you. You will never have a chance Today and tomorrow an AWS m- . . , ,, 1 •! 1 J.U formation bureau will bp, in opera-
to forget the war While you are here on the
C^pItlpUS^ 3ill(i 3iS tllDG ^OGS OD it Will S6GIX1 cloSGI* pjgip counselors aiid counsele^s Crown Lctundry Service and more vital to you than it has in the'past, find each other, a branch of the bu- American Laundry and Cleaning.
.15
15
Edgerton Hardware 15 Southworth's Book & Supply Store..16
mi- • ,1. X - 1. - „ reau Will be set up in the Music Hall Purdue Engineer This IS the part where you are expected to . ,, . , 4. + u ^ .x-
n ■ n/r following the orientation tests. Be- Gullions, Inc.,Men8Clothing.. repay what has been done for you. Much more gj(jgs dispensing information, the now than in peace times the freshmeU are the coeds in charge will also handle the lifeblood of a University. And in the fight to Date Bureau, the AWS method-of win this war the universities are expected to gettings eds and new coeds acfill the role of pools of ability to keep our q^ainted. ^ ^ - . , . .. . -- . Tomorrow afternoon from 3 until forces fighting. When you enroll in this Uni- 5 ^he faculty tea will be held in the versity you will become more than ever be- union with Mary Lou Sternberg in fore a part of the war effort. Whether your charge. Tuesday on the lawn of destination is the armed forces or a defense WRH South the freshmen will atindustry'is not yet known, but no matter the,. “Prosh Frolic”, a ranch Where you,go the training you receive here band and barbecues. This picnic will
at the University will be invaluable.
You are expected to give, in return for the privilege of staying in school, your wholehearted attention to your studies. In a way it is not up to you whether or not you will
be for freshmen only, with no coun-
selors allowed.
Assist 111 Registfafion
In addition to escorting her counselees to teas and parties and getting her dates, the counselor has the
study, for what you do here is no longer a per- glamorous task of taking the sonal issue but a national one. Your role is new students through registration, not nearly so glamorous as the one of the man This year 175 coeds will counsel in the air corps or spme other branch of the the freshmen and transfers through service, but it is just as important. For when *ke first few days and wfii keep m you graduate you will, be the source of new ^ . . J i. 1 XU u 1 X • J X x • ^ke job of assigning counblood to keep the wheels of industry turning, ggiees to counselors and counselors and to command the huge army which we are to head counselors was done by Jane
now assembling.
The government'is not letting you stay here in school for purely sentimental reasons. To it you are ah investment, for itj^ealjzes that you will be of much more value after finishing college than you are now. You are being trained now just like an army pilot is trained before he can fly a ship. The main difference is that your training is a lot more pleasant. You have the opportunity to be a loyal American while at the same time improving yourself. What you do with this opportunity
is up to you.—d.b.
VanGorkom, freshman orientation chairman, and Mary Ellen David, transfer orientation chairman.
Next, you will be here for some time. Most cf your friends will be made your first semester, so start making them now. Don’t hesitate to speak to someone until you are introduced, Purdue has made no provisions for personal introductions for six thousand people. Fourth, get acquainted with your instructors. Nothing leaves a worse impression than for an instructor to overhear a student say, “I don’t know what the name of the tool is that teaches me trig.” And even if they don’t overhear this, most of them are not bad fellow.s when you get to know them. Next, balance the study with a little social life. Even an accelerated engineer needs to take -time out for ^ little fun. And while we’re mentioning fun, look over Ihe activities carefully. Here at Purdue you will be able to find whatever activity you want. Choo.se one that takes no more time than you v/ill have to spare. Lastly, we close our sermon from the Union cellar with a bit of advice that is particularly pertinent in war times. Consider carefully each step you take in choosing a course, selecting your place in the war effort, and so forth; but when you have decided, stop worrying about your decision. Worry is so wasteful.
do is attempt the fill the “Bottle Neck” with unimportant things.
In passing let us remark that you will find most of the people around here kind. The man who owns the Music Hall gives free shows on Thursdays. The campus cops don’t always fine you $5 wheirtlrey see you walking on the grass. Someone has planted an apple tree behind the library which, when your little stomachs cry for food, will furnish you with apples which taste like straw. In the Union with its scores of telephone booths, Mr. Valleley has placed at least one telephone directory in one of them, and you can find which one if you look long enough. • • . As part of the Cork’s unimportant services we offer this little calendar, anybody being very foolish indeed if he doesn’t pay strict attention to its potent reminders.
LUMA LAST DAY—2 FEATURES
Andy DEVINE
— IN —
" TOP SERGEANT"
—-—PLUS Johnny Mack BROWN
SUN.- MQN. — 2 HITS
RiU Hcy«r«ilh Vicloi Inatiiirti John Shtton Carole Landis
lohn Howard
Marguerite Chapman
jiur WAK stamps mJ BOHorw nil mum/
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
9*'HOWL-OSS4li ,,THRILL-ARIOUS! Enough to make even a top sergeant
laugh!
BUD DUNCAN EDGAR KENNEDY CLIFF NAZARRO
-todaydouble FEATURE
KISS THE BOYS GOOD BYE — WITH — MARY MARTIN DON AMECHE ROCHESTER -PLUS-
^ I'
INSIDE THE
— WITH —
WALLACE FORD
LAW
This Morning: You should have gone to sleep when Hockema started talking to you. The ordeal of registration is ahead of you and you will need all the rest you can acquire.
This Afternoon: Make doodles on the paper they give you to write your English composition on. They don’t really gi’ade those things; they just want to muddle up your mind.
Tonight: A lady across town with a pi’ess agent who is very much on the ball has been telling everyone to come over and see her. Just as well do it tonight. The lady’s name is Mrs. Miniver.
Tomorrow: Get your things packed to go home. You haven’t what it takes to become a Boilermaker.
EVERYBODY'S TALKING ABOUT IT! VOTED THE GREATEST PICTURED EVER MADE! GREER CARSON WALTER PIDGEON
TEHESA'WRIGHT
with
DAME MAY WRinv
'Mrs. Miniver" Starfs at 1:25-4:05-6:45-9:25 Continuous Shows—NO ADVANCE IN PRICES
NOW THRU^WED.
Southworth’s
Bossung Shoe Repair ...12 Gleason's Pies .■. 12 University Book Store —12 Doctors Risk, Dentists. ....12 Geisler's, Men’s Clothing 13
14 15
RlimiE BOOK&SUniYlTDiiE
308HO tTATE tTREET WESj^ LAFAYETTE IND
OFFER ANOTHER SERVICE TO PURDUE STUDENTS
WOULD a chrage acount be: • An efficient supplement to your school financing plan, by giving you an accurate record^ your “equipment” costs? • An opportunity to budget and control your school costs? • A practical convenience by eliminating the necessity of carfying extra money for occasional purchases? • A good way and time to start building your credit rating? SOUTHWORTH’S feel that they may render a distinct SERVICE to those students who will qualify for credit. If you^are interested in the plan we will be happy to have you call at our office. INQUIRE at SOUTHWORTH’S office for details.
DON’T FORGET TO BUY U. S. WAR SAVINGS STAMPS \ - Southworth’s
The Next Day: Still here, huh? Well, you intelligentsia can take some special tests and the rest of you can go over to-the Health Service and do a strip tease for Doc Miller.
The Day After That: Now will you go home?
Ha, Ha, Ha. Registration!
Two Days After That: Write home for some more money. You didn’t figure on paying so much for book^ did you? Well, don’t complain. Deakworth hires pretty girls, and their price is high.
Three Ijays After That: If you’re still here you might as well go to class. This is the first day and the proper time to place sucks with all instructors. If you succeed to become popular, you’re on your own. If you fail, either go home or stay and haunt them, like the Cork does.
Did She Do Wrong? Well . .
she didn'f do bad?
IRENE DUNNE «s tin' _ ^ PATRIC KNOWLES
RALPH BELLAMY EUGENE PAllETTE IT'S ALL OUT FOR FUN ... IN THE BEST GREGORY LA CAVA MANNER!
EXTRA!
"FOR THE COMMON DEFENSE" PETE SMITH NOVELTY
MARS
Starts TODAY-
^iuqqsuL SlijlsiA. For Back to School
Buy U. S. War Bonds and Stamps Suited to Your Service
Choose a suit that is right for any purpose. See our varied ' selection.
TAILORED SUITS Good looking herringbones and tweeds in browns, blues or grays.
\ others $21.50 to $40.00
FALL IN FOR
FELTS
$5.00
A SALUTE TO
SLACKS
$3.95
and ap
Give Atterttion to Sweaters Sleeveless, Pullover and Coats
BALTIMORE CLOTHES SHOP Everything for the Man 414 Main St.\ '' I Saturday, August 29, 1942
I i ^
J-VT T^'-C •'
Pufdiig Exponent
GoedRush Week Will Begin Today Under a revised system of rushing devised to co-ordinate sorority activities with the new three-term school year, Pauhellenic Council has set up the schedule and new plan for coed rushing this fall. The new plan provides that freshman women must have completed one term and have satisfactory grades.
Today, registration for freshman women who entered the nation’s leading muskal organiza University in May, transfer students and upper classmen will tions and lecturers has been planned
Strickland Gjllijan Will Speak At First
■>
^onvo On Sept. 13 ‘fweFve Programs Plal^ne^f For^Year An expensive program of'student
convocations featuring some of the
y>iA4i"
be held in the Panhellenic Office of the Union fMiH-«H.ajn. to 3 p. m. At this time a $2 fee will be charged each
rushee.
A mass meeting of all women going thi^ough rush will be held at 4:30 p. m. today in the f’aculty' Lounge of the Union. Any questions which the rushees have will be answered then, and the rush chairmen of the sororities will -be
introduced.
Announce Rush Chairmen
New Aero Building To Open Next Week For Fall Classes Laboratory To House Two Wind Tunnels
for this academic year. These programs have been scheduled by the faculty ^ommittee jn charge of convocations, headed by Prof. ^
Gunn.
Hob^y ^iH Talk To AWS In October Coeds To Date Men For Annual Gold Diggers Ball Next Month
J. T.
„ By Ed Stephenson
Construction of the new Aeronautical Engineering Building behind
The sororities and their rush the Mechanical school gpt under chairmen are as follows: Chi -way early in May, after a three Omega, Frances. Thompson; Alpha months’ battle for priorities and a
Top attraction' of the vocational conference to be sponsored in October by Associated Women Students will be Mrs. Oveta
Strickland Grllilan, humorist and Culp Hobby, head of the Women’s Army Auxiliary Corps, author, will open the fall convo se- As director of the WAAC Mrs.'Hobby, who was a member ries with an address September 13. 20 and is the wife of an ex-governor of Texas, is Gillilan is the former editor of the . , j- t. - -j-i. j-i, j 4; Marion (Ind.) Daily Tribune, and ‘'^arge of 150,000 Women who serve with the armed forces originator of the famous “Off agin, as cooks, clerks, telephone operators and in other jobs where
on agin. Gone agin, Finnigin” and they will release men for com- \
writer of “Danny, and Fanny,” ]t)at duty.
“Laugh It Off,” and “Sample Case Speakers representing the Writer, Singer To Appear vocational fields open to WOmOn Saturday, October 3, Bido en will be on hand to explain Sayao, Metropolitan operatic so- the requirements, opportuniprano, will sing here. Puccini’s op- ties and salaries for their par-
rn-7i ■n fnT W n -r r pimutieb aim a Boheme” will be presented ticular iobs- and the conference will
Chi Omega, Dorothy Sieb; Pi Beta few special trips to Washington. „„ 9/i
Phi, Virginia Vestal; Delta Gamma, The original design of the structure scheduled so that each coed will
Rental Library
Offers Pictures
To Students
t^atalie Lowey; Kappa Alpha The- had to be changed to eliminate much
ta, Ginny Lee MacDonald; Kappa Kappa Gamma, Jean Yahres; Alp Xi Delta, Mildred Kitley, and P Mu, Dorothy Siler. It has been announced by the Panheljenic Council that summer cottons will be worn by the sororities and rushees are advised to do
likewise.
Hold Coffee Hour
,This evening a Panhellenic coffee hoiir is planned from 7 4o 9 in the Faculty Lounge for the tiansfer students attending rush. Each sorority will have four actives and one
alujmnae member present.
testir
of the steel specified for its construction before it was approved by
the priorities board.
When the building is completed, with the engine and flight j^boratories located at the
Universi|)(f airport, give the University the most complete facilities for the instruction of Aeronautical Engineenng that are offered in any engineering school in the country, according to Prof. E. F. Biuhn of the School of Aeronautical and Me-
chanical Engineering. Ready For Fall Term
Although all of the installations
Applied Design Staff Will Exhibit Paintings Any student who wishes to chase homesickness by a little warmth add color or lift himself up a fittle by living with the best in .contemporary art may do so by renting a
Each rushee will be placed alphabetically in a group and will go to four specified houses tomorrow and
the remaining ones Monday. Rushees List Preference
eign correspondent for the New ^ble to hear several of the discusYork Times since 1921, and author sions which interest her most. of “I Write as I Please,” “One Life, . a 1. rr 1 » j ij m • . Freshpien Are AWS Members
One Kopeck,” and “The Gold Train”
will deliver a lecture. Each freshman coed is by now The St. Louis Symphony Orches- ® ^^11tra will continue its series of ap- ^®dged member of A^WS. If all the pearances here on November 29. lit®i’^ture the organization showered The final convocation of the fall during the summer and
will feature the Don Cossack counselor who was waiting to picture or pictures from the rental Russian male chorus on Saturday, ^®^P convince her, there library of the Applied Design de-
gineering that are offered in any December 12. should be no doubt left in her mind partment under the auspices of
Zino Fancesatti, noted violinist, ^he first contact last night Miss Schantz-Hansen. will present an afternoon concert on coed houis and sign-dut sheets. In 39 l\Hss Schantz-Hansen chose Sunday, January 10, and on Janu- After orientation the next big the pictures in New York City, most ary 22 Frederick Progashm, novel- event of the AWS calendar is theof them from Raymond & Raymond, ist, ''poet and world traveler, will October Gold Diggers Ball, an an- a company specializing in importlecture on “Lisbon,” where he has aual affair where the coed furnishes ing fiae reproductions. Most of these
reproductions were imported and
can no longer be replaced.
$1 Per Semester
Students or faculty members may rent these pictures for $1 per semester including frames, or repro-
„ ... ■ a ■ completed, most of the spent much time in recent years, transportation, cash and corsages , iplormal rushing Perioas m the in use during the The Ballet Russe will return for a for a date with the man of her sorority houses are scheduled for fail semester. Parts of the building performance on February 24; Julien choice. heW from *"7 to rin^thr evening! AWS To Conduct Interviews
January include the two wind tunnels, designed by the department, and certain research equipment that is unobtainable because of priorities. One of the wind tunnels will be, of the “silent” type, carrying low
trated lectures on “Argentina and aWS will this year, as usual, contazil in the afternoon and eve- duct the freshman activities inter-
g. views. These interviews aim to find du®tions of paintings by American iversity Program March 6 ^^at activities the freshman is produced by silk screen procThe annual eonvoedtion presented intpresteH in T.ists of +Vio«p infor. f°^ P®® semester. Each pic-
.... - . , „ „ University Musical Organi- ested are sent out to the various separately framed in
Rushees will list their sorority velocities of wind for purposes of zations will take place on Sunday, activities who then do their best to ^®®P'Pe f^e color and lines of preferences on cards in the Pan- demonstration, while the other will March 6. The Indianapolis Sym- convince the freshman that theirs is picture itself and in a size prac-
hellenic Office Monday at 9:30 p. m. i^® u high velocity research tunnel, phony will play for the school again tfie work she would especially like. average room.
for the invitational desseit dinners capable of producing a 120 mile-an- on March 16. One date is being left other matters of concern to worn- These pictures include everything exist on the campus, to follow. These cards ate not bind- hour gale. ^ open which provides for a play. en students are handled by the or- fcoiu a water fall by the French ing as are the ones signed after the The first floor of the new home for Season tickets are now on sale at ganization. AWS imports special primitive artist, Rousseau and Blue Committee For Honesty preference.dinner Friday evening, ^he Aeronautical school is built on $6.00 each for those who are not lectuiers encourages all groups of Door, by Wintz with its gratifying ^ ^
Invitations to the two dessert University staff members or stu- ^omen to organize, plans maiital
parties will be distiibuted to the ^ d®"*®- Students will be admitted on rushees in the office next Wednes- laboratory capab e of testing their passports, as usual.
whole airplanes for stresses and
aces Former Dean Starts Training In WAVES This year’s crop of freshman coeds will be taken in hand by a new Acting Dean of Women, Clare Coolidge, who replaces Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, now on duty at Smith College aa a lieutenant in the Women’s Reserve of the United States Navy, the Navy’s answer to the Women’s Army Auxiliary Corps. After a month’s training. Miss Stratton will do administrative work at the WAVES training center at Smith College. The Navy plans to commission one thousand women as otficers to be in charge of an army" of ten thousand women who will perform clerical and skilled work in order to release men for active duty. Dean Stratton will continue to hold a regular commission in the Navy until six months after the war ends. Worked With WAAC Too Before she was converted to the Navy, Dean Stratton was connected with the Women’s Army Auxiliary Corps.' She served on the board which chose the officer candidates from the Fifth Coip.s headquarters at Columbus, Ohio, and she later went to Washington where she helped with the final selection of
the officers.
I Miss Coolidge has been on the University staff as assistant dean since 1935, and in that time has learned and still remembers the names of all the coeds with whom she has come in contact. She is a native of Rutland, Vermont, and holds degrees from Wellesley and Teachers’ College at Columbia University. Before coming to the University she taught at Chamberlayne School in Boston and Berkerly In-
stitute in Brooklyn. McFarland Will Help
Working with Miss Coolidge as acting assistant dean will be Muriel G. McFarland, associate professor of home economics education. Miss McFarland, who" holds degrees from Kansas State Teachers’ College and
Mes' CMRi'Qooifiic^ Honesty Fornas Integral Part Of Traditions
r J
Committee Defines Standards In Booklet
By Ed Stephenson
Honesty at the University is not limited to the classrooms, but is extended to sports, activities,'and student life on the campus. Honesty at
the University is more than “the Columbia University, has been at best policy”; it is one of the oldest the University for ten years in the and most respected traditions that division of education and applied
psychology.
day from 8 a. m. to 12:30 p. m., and each rushee will be asked to sign her acceptances immediately upon
receipt of the invitations. ... , , . , ,, , ,
„ 1 , , ,. ditional stones may be added when The informal dessert parties will , 1 .
strains. Another special feature in the Resign of the building is the fact that it was planned so that two ad-
lectures for the seniors. AWS Judicial Board has the power to “act on anything detrimental to the ben-
efit of the University”.
color to VanGogh’s Vegetable Garden and Degas’ Millinery Shop.
On Exhibit All Day
During the first two weeks of
be held in the soroiity houses on Wednesday and Thursday nights from 7:30 to 9:30. At this time pro
the school warrants expansion. New Aero Degree Offered ^ Although electives in aeronautics
. for students interested in both
duiing the two weeks, and Miss Schantz-Hansen urges that all those
Aeromodelers Work With Model Airplanes All students interested in model aeroplanes find themselves right at
home in the aeiomodelers club room theoretical and practical flying ex-
, , 1 • fi, TT • -f sub-basement of the Union, perience are the Glider Club, the wanting paintings come early in orgiams and refreshments served at Have been ottered in the university aeromodelers meet twice a Flying Club and the Model Airplane der to have a wider selection.
years junior class meetings are de- ^y'HS^'ab, and the Model Airplane
Will be the fiist one to have the op- 4? • j. Club. Since the sale of the Glider ^ ^ .. ^ ’ ^ - ’ • of plane and engine dlsigTi w^^^^^ Club’s soaring ships to the new PurdUB ReligiOUS COUnCii
as to actually making a few model Army Glider Corps, they have pur- ... is a coordinating organization planes. The club members have chased a light plane which puts for the various religious groups repmany competitive meets among them in the same class as the Fly- resented on the campus. It is com-
themselves, and the club annually sponsors a model plane contest for
The Committee for Promotion of Honesty in Student Work, consisting of representatives from the student body and the faculty has been appointed for the pur-pose of formulating policies concerning dishon-
school these pictures will be on ex-
hibit all day in the Applied Design j standards of honest Building, where they may be rented. Committee is responsible A selection may be inade any time for the investigation and subsequent
the houses will be left to the initia tive of each particular soroiity. Invitations At Panhellenic Office Invitations to the formal preference dinner planned for Friday evening from 6 to 8:30 p. m. will be available at the Panhellenic Office from 8 to 12 Friday morning. The rushees will call for them there and accept them immediately. Climaking the week of entertaining and rushing will be the preference dinner, the only formal dress occasion during the rushing period.
portunity of obtaining a degree in Aeronautical Engineering. The curliculum for the school includes thir-ty-three hours of strictly aeronautical subjects, as well as many M.E.
courses.
The new building will house facilities for the offices of the teachers, an extensive testing laboratory on the first floor and classrooms for aircraft construction, design and drafting. Extensive engine and flight testing laboratories for the
all students. Refreshments are usually served at the meetings and anyone who is interested is welcome.
ing Club with its Piper Cub Coupe. The model airplainists .hold meets and contests for their miniature
craft.
posed of students of the various re- ^he
rules and regulations governing the action to be taken in- cases of cheat-
ligious faiths, and of members of the YWCA, organized for the purpose of promoting religious activi-
ties for University students.
FAO Will Sponsor Registration Desk For Fraternity Rusk The Fraternity Affairs Office will sponsor a registration.desk In the Great Hall of the Union during the week of registration, and freshmen who wish to be rushed by fraternities may register there. Freshrhen should sign up at the desk between Friday and Monday of registration week. Rush chairmen who want names may get them from that
desk.
Rush Chairmen Get Names TJhe names of many freshmen who
ing, as well as defining practices to pledge fraternities will be
action to be taken upon each case of dishonesty referred to it by the Dean of Men or the Dean of Women. Decisions .of the Committee are transmitted to the President and Executive Committee, where final
action on the case is taken. Another duty of the Committee is
the publication of the “Purdue Hon-
Engineers Publish
Individual favors will be allowed at
this event. Following the last dm- Airport,
ner the rushee will indicate on her preference card at the office her choice for pledging. Invitations for pledging will be distiibuted to rushees on Saturday moi-ning from 8 to'12:30. Pledging may be held any time after noon on Saturday. An open rush period will be held fiom September 7 to 14 inclusive for the sororities which have vacancies in their quotas as set by the
Summer Memories
History Of Summer Term Brings Out Many Interesting Sidelights
furnished to the rush chairmen on business reply cards at the Fraternity Affairs Office now. The office urges all fraternity rush chairmen to get these cards, which also have a record of the campus activities of.
Each month the engineei'ing students publish a magazine entitled the Purdue Engineer. The articles in the magazine are devoted to the
By Bob Boswinkle
There’s nothing like summer school to put you ahead. You’ll graduate months ahead of time.
which will be considered as dishon-
est.
Committee Sets Standards
Since many students arrive on the campus with doubtful policies con-
cerning school work, the University the rushees named
has found it necessary to establish penalties to discourage the practice of cheating, and to protect the honest students from having their work copied or otherwise used by dishon-
est students.
When an instructor discovers a case of dishonesty, it is his duty to refer that case to the head of his department or school. If the student
Panhellenic Council. The gills eli- latest developments in the engineer- they told us. So last .spring we put
gible for this rush will be those who --
registeied for the formal rushing period and have not pledged. Union Music Room Contains Variety Of Classical Records
ing field from all over the United ^n the dotted line yes that States. The magazine also contains coming back for the suma column which relates the activities session. * , of the engineering organizatimis ^hea the inhabitants over in and hotiorary societies on the cam- the Executive- building began getpus, such as AIME, ASME, SCE, ting tired of the new place Prexy SAE, AIEE, AIChE, Pi Tau Sigma, huilt-»for them and started leaving Phi Lambda Upsilon, Eta Kappa Washington, Even Prexy, him-* Nu, Tau Beta Pi, and many others, jeft for the capital city to asTho articles are written by students ^ ,.,c^ title which is so long
Open each day from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m., the Union Music Room is free to all University students interested in classical music. A wide variety of classical records is at the disposal of campus music-lovers and a library of music scores was recently .moved from the browsing
the University, £\nd all of the work is carried out b^ho students.
WAA To kfold Tea In Gym September 8
he can barely manage to remember it. The mysteries of the sea called Dean Dotty and she loft to Join the Navy, becoming one of the first
WAVES.
Bodden Takes Over Need of financial
WAA will hold a tea for fresh- other schools took
room to the music room for'greater men and counselors in the Women’s our controller, leavi convenience. The list of scores avail- Memorial Gymnasium September 8, den to guide nfiatters\ Dean Potter,
able includes some of the major at 4:15 p. m. energetic boss of engirieering, heard wearing the abbreviated garments symphonies and operas and a num- Complete plans have not been his country a knockiiA at his door Comfort In Music Hall
her of lessor works. made for the fall, but hockey, bqse- and he responded by Pi'ograms presented in the music ball and tennis will be sports tea- out-of-town sign on t
room this summer included a Moth- tured. Later on there will be bowl-
ers’ Day program, a piano recital by ing, volleyball and basketball.
Ruth Lee and Noel Lee, and a pro- Memberships to WAA will be sold
was to see that no one fiom lU for as the students sat stiff in their stole the lions out by the Biology seats they had to listen to Eddie
building. and Fanny tell people how to re- admits his guilt, the case is dis Sailors Move In move gum from that to which it paged of by the Dean of Men or the
Our lonely feeling was relieved has become stuck,
for a time when the sailors maiched There were many other diverupon the town and took Cary Hall, sions to study, however. For the This time during which we were le- sidewalk- engineei’S there was the lieved lasted only long enough for aero lab to watch while-lt was put th*e sailors to get around and meet togethei. For the unathletic there that .1184 of a feminine companion were the Joints to rub with alcohol which lyas supposed to be Ours with after PEM 12 sessions. For the adthe summer I'atio of 8.44 being what venturesome there was coin to deit was. tassle. For the double E’s there There was tho question on what were electric fans to fix. FOr the
Fifteen hundred copies of the Fraternity Affairs Office rush booklet have been sent out, at present, and the FAO urges all fraternities to cooperate in the plan by the registration of rushees living in their houses. Names of additional rushees may be had fi'om the dean of men’s
office.
Dean of Women, or by the head of the school concerned. If the student denies guilt, he must apply in writing to the Committee for Promotion of Honesty in Student Work, where his case must be decided.
Maximum Penalty
The maximum penalty for dishonesty on the first offense is suspension from the University for a pe-
YWCA To Sponsor Saddle Shoe Tea For New Coeds A saddle shoe tea for freshman
girls will be held by the YWCA in the Faculty Lounge of the Union
Thursdhy afternoon at 4 p. m. One of the features of the tea, to
was to be worn on the campus. Joes with cars there was Shafer p-*- ®*P® semester. The minimum invited, ^ill
advice by B. Stewart, Willie Bod-
Butch hair cuts were definitely in. Lake and Ideal Beach to go to. For Penalty for a first offense is and dutiiig the first few days of the the stay at homes there was Lamb’s ^ grade of D in the course in-
summer term all the eds were say- Tea Room. For the hungry thei'e solved. A second offense calls for 0,*,^ ing how they were going' to don was Smith Halt to go to for a big permanent expulsion from the Uni- provided,
shorts for campus wear on the first ice cream cone. For the energetic versity. If the penalty is imposed
hot day. The first hot daji came, there was the levee to walk back "Pon » student of freshman stand- To Take Girls To Church
an open house inspection of th«, office which has recently been redecorated. New draperies and lounga
and the second, and succeeding weeks of hot days, but only a few courageous souls were to be seen
and foith across. For the vain there was WASK and the Boilermaker Bandstand to write to and hear your name mispronounced over. And for the about-to-be-drafted there was Col. Hicks to see and the Enlisted
Reserves to Join.
We must conclude that our ex-
ing, he is not eligible for distin- Plans have also been made by tha guished rating on work done before YWCA members to take any freshhe has attained a Junior standing, man girl who cares to go to th« Student dishonesty is recorded on chur-ch of her choice on the first Suqthe permanent grade card of the day after school starts. The group student. These cards are kept in the will meet at the west desk of thq
gram by the University orchestra at a booth at registration and also and Glee Club. More such presonta- at the health examinations for
tions will be given this semester. freshmen.
anging the The only form of comfort was to 3 doorknob, be found in tho Music Hall on
Col. Wheeler, long a A®>hber of the Thursday afternoons where they
board of trustees, lett to go build had an exaggi^rated form of air con- periences of getting ahead this suma road up to Alaska. \We begun to ditioning. At times it vei'ily froze mer though was practically negathink" that we were be students to the soft Music Hall tive, but the summer was an inter-
alone down here and the onlyl'qa- seats. The movie method of frozen esting one even if it was a hard one mains when you ar^ sure no one is fifty gents for one semester and ona, son they wanted us around at ^ comfort was not an unmixed good on indexes. looking.” dollar for two.
registrar’s office and are public doc-
uments.
As detuned in the Honesty booklet by Edward C. Elliott, president of the University, “Honor is what re-
Union and will split into sectiom representing different churches. ” Memberships to YWCA may be purchased at a booth which will bq open at registration. They will baI <
8’ i
liS
itj
Purdue; Exponent
Sa iuPday, August 29^
y
The Purdue Memorial Union, planned and maintained for you, is to make your school year more enjoyable, and to give you>a chance to relax both in body and in mind. Consider each visit to the UNION a vacation; for that is what it is for. Enjoy the UNION this year—it’s yours—-use it. /
Become familiar with the Union as soon as you can. Ask at either of the two desks for information. Learn to use the browsing room on the first floor, the Music Room on the second floor, rehearsal pianos, and the game Room on the ground floor for chess, checkers, and cards. Become interested in the extra-curricular work of the Student Union Board which manages the activities within the building and the many other activities which have offices and facilities within the building, such as the Purdue Independent Association, the Purdue Exponent, The Debris, Engineer, Agriculturist and Y.W.C.A. Participate in the splendid amateur dramatics of Playshop or join the Camera Club and use its darkroom in the sub-basement, or find others to join you in following your own hobby.
Purdue
JhiL JttuL CumpiU~—ysiL thsL ^smteJc (MwituiA,
August 2% 194^
Purdue Exponent
Page S
HOME GAMES-
Sept. 26 ......
....... .FORDHAM
Get. 24 x. . ...
..... .WISCONSIN
Nov. 7 ......
... .GREAT LAKES
Nov. 21 ......
.........INDIANA
i i IL L i T ft i i. o
*. ^ A\ y V \
VANCB CQ)wt^ C^LUB it ' , 8 -
Friendship . . . Social Activities . . . Recreation . . . are among the many benefits the UNION offers through its facilities. The largest part of the UNION’S space and efforts for activities can be had without financial cost to the user. And it is such facilities that the UNION is most anxious to advertise and sell. ■ ,
Use the Union to make new friends and keep old ones. Make a habit of just walking through the Union once a day, and don’t ever feel embarrassed within its walls. Frequent the lounges. Telephone your local friends from the Union without charge. "I’ll meet you at the Union” is smart. So" for a happy, successful college career, use all of these free facilities. Please remember always, that no matter how frequently advertisements in these pages ask your paFronage in the Cafeteria, Billiard Room, Grill, Sweet Shop, Union Club Rooms, Chestnut Room, or Bowling Alleys, that the Union is just as anxious that you read in its Browsing Room, play'music recordings in the Music Room and use its free facilities without spending
a dime.
.ki ' .x~
Li'i
emorial Union
^juaL JaksL cl CdcdL JhJwu/pL JthsL £iuldmipi
* ■ Purdue J^xponent Saturday,
El^ilflcal School Witli a^1 il^e sec¥ ecy of a military troop mov.ernt>nt, whicli it was, 200 sailors, part from tlie west <foast and part from the Ci'eat Lakes Training Station, arrived on the campus May 28 to take over Cary Hall West and begin a four month training period in lieu of becoming Navy electricians. Many towns]^^)ple, anxious to entertain son.s of the country’s fighting forces, opened their homes to the new arrivals and dance tickets were ■ distributed among them. True to Navy tradition, however, the gobs quickly became acclimated to their new craft, the U. S. S. Cary Hall West, .and the surrounding Sea of Lafayette. Efficient Navy routine was worked out starting the neophite seamen’s day with an early morning rise, followed by physical exercise and breakfast. At about 7:10 the sailors assemble outside and march to class in Navy three column formation. The rest of the sailor’s day unrolls with lunch, more class, dinner, stpdy, arid lights out. /Since this first group of .seamen
Stricf marching formation is employed, by the 600 sailors stationed at the University as they move from their quarters in Cary Halls to classes in the Electrical Engineering Building and Michael Golden Shops.
ly on duty about the halls. The guards wear the sam^ Uniforms as the regular sailors except for some leggins and a wide belt. Their duties are to guard- al| vital .parts of the halls. No guard is on duty for more than four hours, at a time. Strict punishment is dealt to those who fall asleep, oi' neglect their duty while on gUard. , As pai't of the efforts to get. the men tihined so that a minimum of adjustments need be made when the .sailors go to sea, Chief Boat.swainsniate Tom Gardiner act.s in sort of a big brother capacity. The Chief has spent 27 years in the'Navy and when the boys “go adrift”, that'is, do things that just wouldn’t go aboard ship, he has them down to his room two or three at a time to set them ship shape. Test Each Friday Classes for the gobs are set up
so that each Friday a test is given over the niaterial cpvered during, the past, week. Incentive to study was given to ,the sailors by offer.ing the highest soholastically ranking students at the end of the’period ranks as petty officers with increases of pay over the common seamen. The graduates who do iiot become petty officers will go into the service as electrician’s mates. ■ Lt. Commander Nonweiler and his staff of. five naval officers accompanied the original group of sailors. Since that .time the staff has been expanded and Lt. Commander Hart has become commanding officer of the unit. The electrical training school was. officially commissioned June 16 when sailors, naval officers, the University Band,* and townspeople gathered in the Cary Hall quadrangle for the dedication.
Exponent
(Continued from page 1) games” of these squads. Personal acquaintances with sport coaches aiHh-s'tars and a view of the inner workings of University athletic machine are gained through this work. One of the busiest staffs on the paper is the business staff. This staff is divided into three distinct departments, namely: advertising, accounts and circulation. This staff offers every one of its members a chance to gain invaluable practical knowledge and experience in general business pi'actices. In the course «)f their work the members of this staff learn to know many of the. local business men, learn how to approach and sell to advertisers, to keep customers satisfied and interested iii the Exponent, to write
and compose advertisements, and tofj promote and sell advertising leases^ Circulation Department v, The circulation department take§: charge of subscriptions, collects bills, organizes and supervises the delivery department and promotes, the classified ad section. All freshman eds and coeds who 'are interested ip working qn the .Exponent are urged to come dowji to the office in the sub'-baserpent oi the Union and become acquainted with the paper. Callouts for the various staffs will be held later on in the st^ne.ster and training .schools, will be conducted at that time. . Previous experience in the field of journalism is. not necessary but merely helpful. This extra-curricu-lar activity offei'S valuable contacts >vith faculty members and gn opi? portunity to develop and exercise writing ability. -v
Vo
..Vt
arrived, two more groups of 200 have joined them, filling Cary Hall West and expanding also into the east hall. The' last group will .arrive next week, composing the full quota of 800 sailors. At the end of September the'first group will graduate. The University had originally
been asked to make arrangements to train 5,000 men, but when this was'found impossible, plans were made to facilitate the training:, of the present number. Special Interest Of special interest to observers are the guards which arc constant-
aiitl Poultry at ^ THRIFTY LOW PRICES! CITY MEAT & POULTRY MARKET
316 Ferry
Phone 5372
WELCOIN^^TUDENTS OLD and NEW HERE’S TO A BIG, SUCCESSFUL YEAR When it colies to having your clothes CLEANED and PRESSED “—Always Remember '
Northwestern ^nd Vine Sts. Phone 4081 Across from fire department
i '
FIISIIIIM
HAYWOOD’S
ESTABLISHED 1826
Corner of Sth and Ferry Sts., next to Monon Station, Lafayette our Savings Here on Your Drawing Set and Supplies Is Several Dollars DRAWING INSTRUMENTS AND DRAWING SUPPLIES and E" Log-Log, Trig, Decitrig, Duplex, Vector andyolyphase Slide Rules, Loose-Leaf Books, Student Desks
f
To SORORITIES FRATERNITIES and CLUBS
DESKS, FILING CABINETS, CHAIRS, TABLES, TOILET PAPER, PAPER NAPKINS, TOWIiLS, dixie cups, LIQUID SOAPS AND DISPENSERS, RECORD BOOKS, ENGRAVING, DUPLICA'IING MACHINES LEDGIiRS — JOURNALS ACOUN'ITNG FORMS
CASES
FREE
A Fine Leatlier Corner Desk Piid and Blotter With Your Drawing Set Purchase APPROVED DRAWING INSTRUMENTS:
Dietzen "Commander' 576-C Dietzgen "Master Craftsman" 552-E
Keuffel & Esser "Minusa" 796 U. S. Blue "Norris' 828AM
Post "Primo" 630
HAYWOOD’S GUARANTEE "Our prices are the same to every Purdue Student and we do not make substitution of inefrior or unapproved articles.”
Boards, T-Squares, Scales, Locks, Triangles, Curves All Our Dra'wing Instruments and Supplies Are on the University's APPROVED LIST.
L O O S E L E A F BOOKS
We Make Free Deliveries-—Phone Us — 4085 NOTICE: This Store ls..Open from 8 A. M. to 5 P. M. and Thru Assignment Period Until 9 P. M.
BUY HERE SAVE
$5.00 ON YOUR DRAWING SUPPLIES AND SETSTVlfTr V ‘ Saturday^ August 29, 1942
i i r 3i5
I..
Purdue Exponent
Pag6f
Students Keep Memorial Union Running Smoothly
By Pat Hudson This fall when freshmen begin to “hang out” in the Union Building and really begin to know how to get from the bowling alleys to the biowsmg room, they will probably begin wondering who does so much to keep the activities of such a large building running smoothly The credit for this work and many other activities IS to be handed to the Stu dent Union The organization is composed of students here at the University and all v^ho are interested are eligible to attend the meetings which are held every Monday evening At the
meetings the members hear educational talks by Ralph Deuster, head of the Union, or othei members of the University staff Divided Into 7 Committees The Student Union is divided into seven different committees which have charge of all of the functions of the organization Each committee is supervised by a senior board and each committee has one or two junior workers in charge of its ac tivities The sophomore and freshman workers spend several weeks on one of the committees and are then changed to the others so as to
give them experience in planning and working on all of the committees and to help them to become acquainted with all members of the organization Handle Stamp Sales The Defense Committee takes charge of the sale of defense stamps on the campus^ If, on one of your many tups to the Sweet Shop, any of you happen to notice a large poster Tvith the various fraternities, sororities, CO op houses. Residence Halls ,and Cary Hall listed on it, you will then know that this stamp sale drive was sponsored by the Student Union The committee in charge of backdrops makes all the decorations that are used in the ballroom at mixers throughout the year The personnel committee has charge of the positions that are to be filled in the Union Building
The work shop committee takes charge of the shops in the sub basement of the Union where one may go to draw, paint, sculpture, and do wood working Maintain Music Room The music room and reception committee has charge of the use and care of the musid room The members of the committee act as recep tionists foi the various activities of the Union Building, The organization is made up of four senior officers, eleven junior woikers, the sophomore staff, and the freshman staff There is typing, which IS done by the girls in ordei to keep tiack of the hours different members spend in their work to be used as a basis for awarding pro motion to offices and other jobs A new project that they have Undertaken IS the transportation bureau This bureau is working in co operation with the government’s plea to save tiresi
Tau Beta Pi
\ professional engineering honorary fraternity, is open to only the most outstanding juniors and sen lors Thiee juniors are elected for the first semester and twenty are elected during the latter part of the second semester Meetings are held in the Union or fiaternities, at which the membeis listen to lectures and discussions on various phases of engineering
Fraternity Affairs Office Sigma Delta Chi
. IS a 1 ecently formed administrative branch of the Fraternity Presidents Council The staff for the organization is composed of several freshman and sophomore workers, who handle interfratemity affairs under the direction of junior and senior members At the present time they are registering freshmen in
teiested in rush
Catalyst
Student Senate
chemical engineering honor ary for upperclassmen, tiys to im piove student faculty lelations, gives smokers and banquets, and has meetings every two weeks in Heavilon Hall The club is open to the outstanding men in the fields of chemical engmeering and chemistiy
IS the basis of student selfgovernment at the University It is composed of repi esentatives chosen
from each class by popular vote at registrations The candidates for
election must be nominated at their school nominations held at the end
of the first semester Elections will ^
be held at the beginning of the sec- CtientatlOfl
ond semester
. the national journalistic hdli*
orary fosters journalistic aehier^ ment on the campus It operates to place promising joufnalists m Jobs in their respective fields, and judges high school and college publications. It sponsors the Boilermaker BraSil and meets irregularly m the Union office Work on a journalistic organ
IS required for membership.
Pi Tau Sigma I
mechanical engineering hon-
orary for the outstandmg juniors and seniors, helps promote scholarship and student-faculty relations, and presents an All Engmeering
Banquet
Eta Kappa Nu
Patronize Exponent Advertisers ary of junior and senior students
that are m the upper third of their respective classes, helps to promote an interest in electrical engineering Meetings are held every two months
in the Union.
Southtvorth’a
J’fXv fijUUuhuL SiudsnL— Free registration in the “Who’s Where” Directory at Southworth’s information desk Simply fill out the card proided and put m open file Find out where your friends and let them know where you are It’s a fine service to everyone This Directory IS a temporary Southworth Service to be used until the official University directory is pub-
lished
mUE 308-10 fWE »9REI^ WEST^LAFAY&ITE NkA Southworth’Si
Reamers independent men’s organization, helps to promote minor sports, upholds school traditions and boosts pep sessions It meets every Mon day evening in room A of the Union To become a member an independ ent student must have aji index of 3 5 01 better, and be actively par ticipatmg in some school activity Gimlet Club IS open to organized men in then junior and senior years that are outstanding activity men The club donates money toward athletic equipment and with the Reamers piomotes the freshman vaisity basketball and footb^l^^^gams^ Lafayeffe Philatelic Society one of the nine hobby clubs foimed by students, provides an op poitunity foi stamp collectors to sell trade and buy stamps as well as to discuss their hobby with other philatelists
Southworth’s
BE A TRUE
BOILERMAKER
L
a B
BE COLORFUL .. f • Gummeid Paper Pennants Use them for Suitcases, Windows, Etc ® College Jewelry Bracelets, Necklaces, Pins, Keys, Compacts all with the Purdue Seal Modestly priced for quality jewelry • Clever College Pets Snappy, delightful stuffed felt animals m a variety of different characters and ^ize^J
P#
U. S. WAR
our Change in
SAVINGS STAMPS
A’-i.
RJRWIE BOCK g^SUPPlY TOE
308HO JTATE ITREEI WE5T LAFAYETTE INU
Southworth’s
(Continued from page 1) and the tests will be fimshed tlii» afternoon when each freshman writes his composition Tests Used As Guide Results of the orientation tests and the tests for advanced standing given yesterday will be used only as a guide to get the student started m line with his high school training Students will be placed in English A, 1 or 32 according to their /grades on the orientation tests, bat classes m English, mathematics, chemistry and engineering drawing will be changed if the student finds the going either too hard or too easy At 3 15 the freshmen will meet the deans and department heads of their schools, and at 9 tonight the Student Union is eager to help the fieshmen forget the strenuous activities of the day with the first mixer of the season Monday the orientation program will continue with physical examinations for men and women Appointments for these examinations and time of registration are determined by the number of the prehminary registration card received at today’s opening convocafion. Math- J ematics training and home ecomm- ^ ICS placements tests are also scheduled for Monday morning / On Tuesday those freshmen/ who came earliest to the Music Hall and were lewarded with the lowestmumbers will register Registration will continue all day Wednesday and regulai cl^ss work for new and old students alike will begin Thursday.
War Eiiort
LIMITED QUANTITY RESERVE YOURS EARLY
.95
This~new Fluorescent lamp gives no Annoying shadows—no fatiguing glare. Just what you ore looking for. Smartly styled and attractive.''’' Ideal lamp for HOME, STUDY or OFFICE
416 . MAIN
DECKER’S
416 MAIN
(Continued from page 1) airpoit for the^past three years, aiound 500 students have received flight training, and our RbTC has traiped a largei number of commissioned officers for field artillery than has West Point About 2500 men receive training in present ROTC courses and starting this fall an additional hundred men m advanced military will begm tiainmg under the newly established ROTC ordnance unit Students legistered under the Selective Service Act are required to take the physical preparedness coulee, PEM 12 In addition to Red Cl OSS classes, which aie open to both women students and townspeople special defense classes in motor 1 epdir Morse code and pistol shooting have been oiganized for the coeds The whole of the academic training is of a scientific and technical natuie so, in addition to graduating soldieis the University is training its students every day to t^ke part m the defense effort Not only does the University tram students in vital defense courses, but it also tiains thousands of people throughout the state and conducts extensive lesearch projects ESMDT Branches Out Under the Engineering Science Management Defense Training progi am 880 classes have been conducted in 85 Indiana cities during the past yeai 22 700 persons have received tiaming in these classes Research woik vital to defense is constantly carried on in the departments of chemistiy and physics and by the various engmeering schools. Money foi these projects is supplied thiough the University Research Foundation Anothei aspect of the campus war program is the special classes being conducted foi Aimy and Navy men. Last spung the University was commissioned as a training school foi naval electricians and in Jun^ the fiibt gioup of ^OO sailors aruved to begin the four month jrse A similar gioup has arrived "^ach month since then so that by now 800 sailois are m training at the University Officers Receive Training A number of commissioned Arniy and Navy men are taking a course m ultra high fiequency radio, and about 25 Navy men have been taking a couise in diesel engine operation The Civilian Protection School, in thaige of the Wai Department and directly administered by chenuLal wailaie service officeis, serves the fifth, sixth and seventh defense legions, a territory covering 18 Middle Western states. ~?/*
.‘is, ^ I' < 1 i *• I t /riir Purdue Exponent
‘W-*- ? t-. 3
«ww A ■!• f ^
F#l
ii
Sat unlayf August 29, 1942 "
DEAC SAYS-_ 4 Hello, Freshmen! You have chosen the best University in the U. S., now trade at the best home owned student book dnd supply store at Purdue. Owned by a Purdue man and run by Purdue boys and girls. There is a friendly, cheerful atmosphere at DEAC’S which you will like.
e ev(
!. The bi
the lowest prices. A' If you can’t get it
We have the plex Decitrig slid< students only.
K rr 1 'j Tpi eufM and Esi !e which can be
sr Log-Log Dulold to Purdue
We have new and second hand te: class taught at Purdue.
For girls —all Applied Design Equipment recommended by the University. Recipe files by Miss Amy Bloy for cooking school at a discount worth saving.
• m
H. G. REISNER BOOK STORE
325 State Street
Wdst LafayetteBoilermaker Sports
xftOHeHi
¥ /
Volume 55, No. 1
West* Lafayette, Ind.
Saturday, August 29, 1942
Riveters To Open Grid Season Against Fordham
Director
Varsity Aspirants To Begin Daily Workouts Tuesday
By Joe Dawson
JFacmg the most strenuous and without a doubt the most ambitious schedule in the history of the Riveter institution, somewhere in the neighborhood of 90 football candidates will report ^to Coach Elmer Burnham next Tuesday afternoon and begin the customary daily workouts in preparation for their initial encounter with the powerful Fordham Rams here on ’ September 26 Approximately 40 of these, including 17 major lettermen, will make up the
varsity squad, while the remainder will be placed on the newly foimed “B” squad. Even with the comparatively large number of lettermen to pick from, Buinham will undoubtedly have a mighty tough tune moulding togethei a team which must cope with 10 of the strongest outfits in the co^yitry
Loses Entire Line
To begin with Elmei lost an en tue fiist btiingMiijn-tind two top lanking backs due to graduation last yeai The loss of Jim Rush and Bill Combs, two ends who were nevei flashy but weie plenty con sistent, will be keenly felt Two burly tackles—Pete Tunpciman and the youngci of the Rossi biotheis— played their last football for a Rivetei eleven last yeai and conse quently left two mighty big holes to fill On top of all this Burnham lost two of the finest guaids in the Middle West with the depaituie of Co Captains Jim Miller and Tommy
Melton
John Petty, pile diiving fullback who was slowed down a little last yeai following much All Ameiican mention in his sophomore and junioi yeais, will not be aiound for the fiist woikout next week Neithei will John Galvin, left footed kickei and passer extraordinary who op elated at the all impoitant left halfback position before a painful face injury foiced him out of ac tion at midseason Petty is now signed up with the Chicago Beats and should sec pelnty of action this season as the Beais defend then pro gild title Prospect Bright Following graduation 23 majoi letteiman were left and things still looked plenty blight^i Buinham in his fust yeai as heant^ach, but then the stoi m bioke Fust of all Bob Johnson legulai centei enlist ed ifi the Navy Chailey Ehilich and John Vecs two gauids who weie expected to fill in wheie Mel ton and Miller had left off, went into the Aimy With them went Jim Ciiy, a deteimined, haid fight ing quarter bacl^ who could have been one of the standouts in the Rivetci lineup if onlj given the chance Mai ion Caitei shifty, slip peiy hipped halfback joined the All Corps along with Francis Meakim rugged thick necked soph omoie backfield stai Schumachei i^eaves Latest lepoits show that Haiold Schumacher, giant fullback who was counted upon to fill Petty’s old post ,has entered the Aimy Inei dentally, both fie and Caiy are now
Mackey's Letter To Frosh
In entering Purdue University at this time, you are accepting a challenge to prepare yourself to be of service to your country Today, Purdue is on a war basis. There is nothing soft about war This is no time for soft living Never has the necessity for physical fitness been more evident The Division of Physical Education for Men has a leal lesponsibility in endeavoiing to help you reach the peak of physical preparedness We ask your cooperation, and can assuie you that no stone will be left unturned to aid ybu in eveiy way possible As a Purdue student, you now have it within your powei to develop mental aleitness, self-discipline, and physical fitness in order that you may be of maximum service to your cofintiy duiing the war elfoit as well as in the
years of peace to follow
DonT neglect the many oppoitunities which are afforded for physical exeicise and recreation through the facilities and programs of the Division, whether it be in individual enterprises, intramural, or competitive freshman or
varsity athletics Whether you have had any previous competitive experience or no^, you may consider this as an open invitation to you to consider yourself as a candidate for any, or all, of Purdue’s freshman athletic teams. I am sure that you will both enjoy and profit from your experiences in competitive athletics In the wolds of Geneial Douglas MacArthur, “On the fields of friendly strife are sown the seeds which, in other years on other fields, will bear the fruits of victoiy ” As far as competitive spoi ts are concerned, icmembei that regradless of whethei you are an actual competitor or not, you are now a membci of the Purdue “team”, and your suppoit will go a long way toward achieving
victory
A soilnd mind in a sound body is a tough combination to beat Don’t neglect either your mind or youi body and you’ll find yourself on the winner’s side GUYJ MACKEY, Director of Athletics.
Eastern Team Promises Year's Toughest Opposition
By Don Brewer
Once again the eyes of Boilermaker fans turn to football and interest rises as the opening game looms only four weeks away. And at that opening day contest, Coach Elmer Burnham, in his premier appearance as mentor of the Gold and Black, will face one of the toughest squads on its schedule— that of the mighty Fordham Rams Cdmmg here September 26 as rating the top in football m the East, Fordham will possess all the powers of another Bowl team, despite the loss of Coach
Head Coach
S ports Communique^ By Bob Hadley
Guy “Red” Mackey, genial easy going foimei stai Rivetei 'winginali of the late 20’s, is now seiving in his fust yeai as Athletic Diiectoi of the Univeisity Red was appoint ed to this lesponsible” position on Febiuaiy 26 following the lesigna tion of the now Lieutenant Com
inandei Mai Elwaid
Mackey came to the Univeisity in 1925 as a frefehman end and played both fieshmui and vaisity ball undti the late Noble Kizei Upon giaduation he was made as bistant coach, a field fai iemote fiom the study of daiiy manufac tuiing which he had oiiginally planned as his life woik Foi the past 13 ycais he has con tinned to stive in this capacity A1 so he held down the position of ad ministiative assistant to Elwaid pi 101 to hib elevation to Elwaid s
job last Febiuaiy
legulais on the strong Camp Giant
team
Piobably the most gloiified posts on the team this jeai will be the two halfback positioiib whcie six letteiinen and a Lost of outstanding bophomoics will be available loi legulai duty Kenny Smock, John Andietich and Bob Chestei, thiee of the stiongebt and shiftiest sophomoie ba(.ks in the Middle West last yeai, aie expected back Smocks passing and bioken field lunning, Andietiehs line bucking and dies tei’s kicking may be the deciding factor ig making Buinham s fiist yeai in his new capacitj a successful one Berto, Cook Back Tony Beito and Walt Cook, two senioi 1 ight halfbacks should round out then veiy eoloiful grid caieeis with some fine peifoimaneeb this
year
Although the weathei gives little indication of the autumnal tang that IS supposed to go with football season, the Boilermakers are getting leady to stait all out piepaiation foi as rocky a schedule as they have evei faced When they go on the field against the Fordham Rams on September 26, one contingent in the stands close to 2 000 students, will be entering Big Ten competition for the first time We said entering Then peifoimance may make a lot oijJiffeience m the activities of the gentleman running the scoieboaid at the other end of the field This year, more than ever before, the “team” that wins the ball games must combine the strength and spirit of the eleven men on the field and the thousands of Boilermakers up in the bleachers You freshmen just starting your 2 years and 8 montiSs as active Boilermakers, are as much a part of that team and Purdue tradition as the mixed up classes of ’43, ’44, and ’45 As was mentioned earlier in these iamblings, the “team” has a tough set of Saturday afternoons coming up The fellows who make it then business to snoojp aiound in sports, while baffled by the effects of losses to the Army and Navy, by some opponents freely admit that the “Pounding Poles of Fordham should be headed for the Rose Bowl if there is one and that Wisconsin Ohio State and Indiana aie all possi bilities for top beiths m the Big Nine That leaies Vanderbilt and Michigan State With teams easily as good as their 1911 representatives (you may remember two teams last year), and Northwestern and Iowa who haven’t lost anyone to the armed services and aie both well supplied with experienced men and the ability to knock off anyone thev meet And that leaves the Great Lakes and Camp Shelby teams Both will Imve an adequate supply of All Americans and ex pio football stars^^choose from Those last paiagiaphs sound pietty blue And it doesn’t mertion what the Riveters are going to put on the field against some of these giiduon juggernauts Well weve got Elmer Buinham and a gang of giiddeis who hive played a lot of football and who are going to play some of the outstanding variety this fall We’ve got some potential All Americans and we’ve got some players that haven’t shown what they can do We’ve got good material and good reserves But most important to the scoieboaid^—we 11 have a TEAM / We mav not win quite'’all our games in that ten game giaiuTtiller this season We may get some oad breaks and some setljacks in the injury line But all those games will be woith seeing and they’ll end only at the fi^al whistle It’s going to be an interesting y eai for the Boilermakers in every phase of intercollegiate spoits Coach “Piggy” Lambert is looking torn ard to a great basketball season—a sort of habit—and prospects in track swimming and baseball look bright A lot of the traditions which are an integral part of what is now your school are tied up m hei sports and spoi tsmanship—probably about the only ones that we can be sure will not be set aside for the duration by war changes We’ll be seeing and hearing you at the Foidham game.
Stadium's 20th Year Approaches By Bill Hopkins On Novembei 16, 1923, one hundred and twenty five alumni assembled in the cafeteiia of the Home Economics building to hear Ddvid E Ross, ’93, and Geoige Ade, ’87 advance a plan foi securing a football stadium foi the University Ross, present piesidgnt of the University’s Boaid of Tlustees, and Ader^oted Hoosiei author and humoiist, advanced a plan whereby each of them would give $10,000 towaid the building of a stadium if the alumni would guarantee $60,000 toward the same puipose The alumni eagerly accepted this proposition and immediately undertook the task of raising their shaie of the money This was accomplished by selling 300 life memberships m the Stadium for $200 each A life membeiship entitles the holdei to a life seat in the Stadium The actual construction began on June 2, 1924, m a natural ampitheatei located north and west of what was at that time the campus proper The initial plans called only for the construction of stands along the sidelines of the proposed field These stands weie teiiaced into 30 lows thus giving the Stadium a seating capacity of 12,000 at that time Later the north end of the Stadium was completed, leaving a' conciete and steel hoiseshoe seating approximately 23,000 people Still latei, two standing platforms were added on the north end, each capable of holding several hundred persons Team diessing looms and locker rooms were placed under the stands at ground level
Jim H. Crowley to the Navy For Crowley, the outlook on Rose Hall has changed to the outlook at Chapel Hill, N C., where, as a lieutenant commander, he will coach th^ grid squad of the Naval Pre-Flight
School
Walsh Takes Over
Earl Walsh, Crowley’s backfield coach and chief scout since 1933, dnother Notre Darner, takes over the wheel of the machine this year, finding a rich source of backfield material Steve Filipowicz, harddriving fullback who has seen plenty of action in the regular seasons the past two years and in both the Cotton Bowl and Sugar Bowl New Year’s Day games, will probably be
the Fordham powerhouse
Rose Hill each year finds another line-batterer with a long name The
Elmer Burnham, altho'u5d~nora “seven blocks of granite” of the newcomer to the Riveter coaching Kam line, with “Wojie” Wojciechostaff, will begin his first year a,fe WiCz the mainstay of all line plays, head football coach with the mitral Angelo Fortunate, fullback practice session next Tuesday demon, have come and gone Kazlo, Burnham came to the University in Krywicki, Hovolak and Principe, 1935 as freshman coach and for the I’^ore of the Irishman’s Stars, have past seven years has aided greatly departed in the development of some of the Sacred Bull plowed ahead greatest gridders in the country with mighty Lou De Gilippo, who Buinham attended Springfield throttled the great John KimCollege where he won major letters trough, mountain of Texas A & M , in four spoits—football, baseball, m the Cotton Bowl classic two years basketball and tennis Upon giadu- Jim Blumfinstock and Len Eshation he was made athletic direc mont, figures in the Sugar Bowl,
have graduated And now once more the Rose Bowl express is toot
mg its whistle*
Filipowicz, Joseph Andrejeo,
toi and coacl^ of all sports at tral High School in South Be It was about this time, howe^ that Elmer Buinham found th^
had a far more important job to G^oige Cheverko, and Jim Hearn attend to so he immediately enlist- nie all aboard, with Walsh prepared ed m the Ai’my to take all opponents with steamAfter receiving his honorary dis lofier force This year the bovine charge as a Seigeant m 1919, he re- backfield will be faster than ever, turned to Gential In the 16 years claimed “to be just as powerfoUowmg and up to the time he f^il Foidham will play Fieshmen came here Burnham compiled one tf*’® yenr, and will undoubtedly pull of the most enviable records as a ntaPy other potents out of the bag, high school coach of any coach m will have little scholastic worthe Middle West During that time ries so soon after school has started, his football teams won an amaziiig Line Seasoned total of 188 games as against only The line of the Rose Hill squad 39 defeats and eight ties against the has three seasoned linemen fiom toughest kind of Hoosier competi last year Tepo, Ritmiski and Sabtitm In the last five years his teams asteanski are expected to do a lot scored 1,083 pOmts to 181 for the of crashing into the other forward opposition walls—with results This last fact should glVe ardent Fordham’s opener with the BoilRivetei fans an idea of what Burn ermakers will be a test not only for ham plans to do with this year’s the hosts but for the visitors Last Riveter eleven — a wide^opett at- year the Rams conquered Mai Eltack with plenty of passes and lots ward’s squad 17 0 at New York and of wide running plays evidently are expecting some of the Buinham also made quite a name same blood again this year The for himself as q basketball coach at Ram schedule is tough, even facing Central In his six years of hard- former coach Crowley’s Nortlji Carowood coaching his teams won 103 lina Cadets in a Crowley vs Ciowgames while dropping only 31. ley affair.
Boilermaker Grid Squad Faces Impressive Array Of Opponents
By Reed King Aside fiom the poweiful Battei ing Ram fiom Foidham, whieh will invade the Boilciinakei giid eamp in the opening game Sept 2b Coaeh Elmei Buiiihain’s new 1942 pigskm hopetuls f lee an impiessue an ay of thieateiimg football clubs Dudley Field at Nashville leiin will be awaiting the ainval ol the Rivetei squad Get 3 as it attempts to aveiigp the 3 0 opening day loss to the Comino^doies last yeai H R “Rid Sandeis, still leinembeiiiig tin 7 0 defeat he tossed to the Ala bama Ciimson lide will be without the sei vices of Bulks Bushmaiei, tuple tliiiat back and is looking to new ball eaiiying inateiial Jack Jenkins, 200 lb blocking back IS the only veteian behind the line with such new peisonalities as Rollings and North eVpected to fill tin bill loi V link 1 lull Sandcis liiu IS \nine 1 able, uid again lo emits mil leplaee i loiwaid u ill weakened by graduation and enlist
inent Sports viiiteis late the Purdue Vanderbilt game as a toss up Giaham, Hirseh Aio flu eats Boileimakei fans will fiock to Lvanston s Djehe Stuhuin Oct 10 is Noi thwi stei 11 eng iges the in r rileis in tin fust meeting ot the two te nils siiiee 19)9 when Oo leh Linn Waleloits squid Jell by the wa\si(ie 3 0 OttoGialiiin lunning and pissing jiinioi lelt haltbiek who thiilled the giindstind last year will undoubtedlj bi the eeiitei ol the Puiple attacks Eddypiiseh anothei junior who saw considei able action last jeai is slated as No 1 lullbaek at picseiiL Noithwestein is doubtlul about its eentei with Hal Hudson ol lim ited expellenee, expected to stait at that position Capt Nick Binke at guaiel iiid i host ol othei re tuinin!. letteimin both ends ind tiekhs will m iki the line i fiiih solid biiiiii howevei louohWild eat selii (lilies iiieluding then thiee games in a row this yeai against
Michigan, Ohio State, and Minne sola indicate that thej will give Elmei Bui Ilham’s griddeis plenty
to think nboiit
Buckeyes Relj On ( oaeli Brown 3 he 14 16 heart bieikei at Ohio State last jeai will be anothei stoiy Oet 17 it the Boilei makei s hive then waj Paul Blown lost flashy lack Giat liom tho lullbaek post ind Dick Fishei liom left half, but will be benefitted bj new material he eo idled at Massillon high Quaiteiback Geoige Slussci a Massillon boy who tiansfeired iiom Dartmouth, along with Hoi ace Gil loin 200 pound punting end, and Tommy James eaiiot topped halt back, will give the mentoi a gioup of potentials who aie alicady fa miliai with his system Lynn Hous ton ind riniek Csiiii, veteians on (he line will hold the bihnce ol powei loi Biickeje line plays, with leeuuts loiming the lest of the squad Ohio State is weqker, but
Bi own’s developing ability might prove fatal by the time he faces the boys fiom Lafayette Hardei, Wisconsin Hope Pat Haidei spells the 1942 giid lion hopes of Wisconsin The All Conference soph fullback of last yeai will lead the attack of largely a veteian squad flanked by Dave Sehieinei one of the Big Ten s best wingmen and Pat Ljons, anothei
\et
Bud Scelinger, the most eftcctive passer in the Conteience last yeai, will again be tossing the pigskin fiom the left halfback spot, and Maik Hoskins, jinxed by injury for the past two seasons, will be in at light halt foi his senioi year Coaeh Hairy Stuhldiehei has a numbei to pick from for his signal callei The Badger luiynng and passing attick should be one of tin tops in the Midwest when Wisconsin conies to Lafayette October 24 for the Homecoming game
Iowa and “Doc” Anderson aie unpiedictahle Octobei 31, two months off, might see a gieat Hawkeye squad play host to the Boiler mak eis, may see a nondesciipt grid squad defend its goal Iowa slipped at the close of the last year’s sea son but with Tom Faimei back. Coach Anderson is tinning also to veteian Jim Youel, speedy Iowa left half and is banking on 200 pound Dick Hoeinei, sophomore fullback candidate, to do his ball toting^ Bus Meites, anothei back ot ex peiienee, will aid the situation back of a line of only two veteians Gene Curran and Del Dickeihoof, regu lai guaids of last season, will beai the blunt of the foiwaid wall duties Little can be said about the Gieat Lakes Naval Station which will appeal in Ross Ade Stadium Nov 7, Ol about the Camp Shelby squad, which will play host to the Boiler makei s Nov 2(5 With the fast over-turn of Navy and Army per-
sonnel, the mentors of t^hese tWo teams are doubtful, as well as are the components of these service teams Spartans A ‘Breather’’’ Michigan State’s encounter with the Boilei makei s at East Lansing Nov 14 might be a “breather” for Elmer Burnham’s charges before the annual clash with Indiana m Ross Ado Stadium Nov 21 Coaeh Chailes Baehman will have to contend with a lull two thuds of his squad being sophomores, with but a handful ot veteians m the total of 75 candidates Waltei Pawlowski, 147 - pound light halfbatk, Dfek Kieppe, Glenn Johnson and Moigaii Gingiass, all leseive backs of last year, are Bachman’s hopes with Dick Mangium and Ted Smolinski i etui rung tack les, bolsteiing the line Last year’s 0 0 tie with the Riveters showed nothing, and this yeai Buinham has a good chance in handing the Spartans a good trouncing.
The eyes of every Hoosier and Boilermaker giidiron fan will focus on Ross Ade Stadium Nov 21 The Old Oaken Bucket’s destiny foi the coming year will be fought toi in 60 minutes of the deadliest pigskin iiValiy in the Midwest as the Cream and Crimson and Gold and Black battle for the possession ot the coveted trophy Billy Hillenbrand, slippery hiptwistuig, side-stepping, outwitting, fire ball will be the “Big Man” ih Bo McWtilhn’s life, with experts predrcting that the Hbosrer back will come close to being the greatest in tootball this tall Hillenbrand doesn’t need a build-up Hrs pers forraalices last year as a soph wonder proved that Capt. Bob White will aid the flash behind the torwariL wall which IS geneially known to be weak If Bo gets his line strengthened to suitable proportions, the cry ot the count!y’s grid squads may 1^ “Stop HiUenbrand'" before the season IS over.ii®
Ir
Page 10
Purdue Exponent
•' ■^’‘ i'S "t
Saturd^^ August 299-1942^%;:%
Pres. Elliott Takes Post 0n War Manpower IM
Directs War Effort
In Universities
After playing an active part in the Uniyerclty’s war effort and using his influence toward the establishment of special coursfes and other projects now under way here as part of the war effort, Dr. E. C. Elliott, president of the University, is now serving in the nation’s Capital as hsal of a division of the War Manpower Board in addition tb heading a committee thai !S preparing a coordinated plan to rreet the trained personnel needs of Army, ^ — ;— Navv and war industries.. ' Arthur S. Fleming, member of the
'All American Band' Will Hold Tryouts Today For Freshmen
Need Xylophone Woodwind Players
Dr. Elliott was granted an States Civil Service Com- . . 1 £ u „ mission; and Wendell Lund; direcinciefinite leave of absence . ^ A t u n j ..- -n -
. , tor of the Labor Production Divi-
from his plesidential duties by War Production Board, the University Board of Trus- Elliott Came Hero in 1922 tees last June to assume his Dr. Elliott has long been recogiicw post as chief of professional one of the leading educaand technical employment and tors of the country and before actraining for the War Manpower cepting his present positions, he was ConimiAion. - constantly on the move to dnd from Duties Increased Washington, appearing before conEarly this month his duties were gressional committees or attending increased when he was chosen chair- nieetings of the National Resources ’man o/ a committee, formulated by Planning Board of which he is a
Paul V. McNutt, former governor tuember.
of Indiana and now chairman of the Dr. Elliott came to the UriiverWar Manpower Commission, that 1*^ 1922 from the University of will develop a continual supply of where he Was chancellor, cngincpi’s, chemists, physicists, and Defore then he taught in Colorado olhci ’scientific and professional per- high schools, was superintendent of
With a past history of many famous “firsts” behind them, the Unj,-. versity Military and Sym^%ffiic Ban^s will. again swing into high gear with the opehing of the fall term. Freshmen desirifig to play with the “All-American Band” are requested to try out at 4 p. m. today pianists, and baton twirlers. at band headquarters in the Music Play For Ball Games Hall. Brass, woodwind, And percus- During the coming football sea sion players are needed, as are son, the bandsmen will have inten string bass and xylophone players, sive practice in foripation and pre
with modifications to fit the size of the band, is still in use today. Introduce Illuminated Formation
The University Band( besides producing the first letter formation, introduced illuminated formations for night games and also showed the way in the use of glockenspiels for marching bands in this country. The twelve-piece “glock” section is now believed to be the largest in the country. “The Big Noise Along the Wabash”—a monster drum seven and' one-half feet in diameter— travels with the band in its own specially equipped truck.
classical mdsic under tlip of Pfof. Enttiek for the reihfiiildif ^ ojf the ydhf. Ldst year oVer 180 compositions were eithhr pre^iared for concert perforihance or read At sight. The Varsity Baiid plays for all conference bask^balt gAmeiS and it the numerous pep meetings held during the year to encourage support of University athletic teohi^' The Regimental Band, in additidn to playing with the Vairsity Sind, is a unit of the ROTC Dej^irtment, and marches at all Corps Days and reviews. . • • f '
Band Divided Into Three Sections
At the end ot tne football season the band will be divided into three
Bonnel 'lequired for the war pro-
c-ram.
schools at Leadville, Colorado, and an associate professor at-the Uni-
lu his present position, Dr. Elliott versity of Wisconsin. _-*n ir. . _2 j 1. _ j »• 11 . “ , n T^nviricr Tiv TT’.llin'H-/
will direct the war efforts of the colleges and universities of the nation.
During Dr. Elliott’s absence, a special administrative committee is
In addition to serving as a lobbyist charge of the affairs of the Unifor the schools, his office is serving versity, sirpHar to the plan set up
as a clearing house for problems
concerning the war effort which de-
velop in various schools*
To Review Manpower Problems The committee’s work- includes
when he left to serve as advisor to the regents of the Philippines in 1938. The cornmittee is Composed of Prof. Frank C. Hockema, chairman; R.B. Stewart, controller;
the revievving of various manpower Dean A. A. Potter, Deap of the problems relating to the utilization Schools of Engineering; and H. J.
of college and university facilities and the plans suggested by groups representing higher education to meet these problems. The committee will Inake recommendations to the War'-Manpower Commission with respect to the policy and action necessai-y to bring about the fullest ])ossible use of the institution's of higher learning in the war program. Other members of the committee, serving under Elliott, are James V. Forrestal, Under Secretary of the Navy; Major General Lewis B. Hershey, director of the Selective Service System; G. H. Dorr, Special AssiAant to the Secretary of War;
Reed, Dean of the School of Agriculture. ' MS'
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
:■ Hays Jewelry Co. ::
131 North. Fourth St. Fine lewelry at Moderate Price 444444444444»»44444444
Greetings Students
We’re glad to see the old ones back and We extend a friendly welcome to the
FRESHMEN
SAVE BY BUYING AT THE DRUG STORE
•, Complete lines of toilet goods and cosmetics
^ All the facilities for photographic needs I Up to date model airplane department
• Finest fountain service in town
Orientation essentials: Fountain pens ■— pencils — notebooks • alarm clocks — stationery
University Drug Store
Next to Post Office
cision marching. Prof. Paul‘Spotts’ sections, the Symphonic, Varsity, Emrick, band director, was responsi- and Regimental Bands. More exi ble for producing the first alpha- perienced upperclassmen and the betical formation ever to be seen most promising freshmen will be on a football field. The block “P”, assigned to play classical and semi-
Organiaztion Directed By Students The ors^anization of the band is, directed by a group of commissioned officers selected from the. junior and senior classes. Freshliieh and sophomores showing interest and a^itiide in their .work may be given.;; ratings as non-,commis-sioned officers. . .
Since the days of Qld^“DDC ” has
been here tn welcnme the new stn
dents tn quad nl’ F11 HD TIE!
Yntir colleqe life is nne nf FlljV
and FROLIC! We want yon tn en
jny it to the fnllest and we knnw
ynn will!
V
(jJelcomji, J'Jai&hman^!
PETER ANDERSON CO
AFTER YOU—WE COME FIRST
525 Alfibaiha St.
Phone 4048^ ^ f iH *.H « ♦ J >*.# fs* Saturday, August 29, 1942 rnmiiffmmtif^ u,mm^Vim»f,m>< pi)n.iji|ii|iniiiii|iiiiini nil
P t.4i> V ^ i
h41
' W:
^i£- 4I#-/ Purdue Exponent
fM ^ ^ Page 11
l J'! "J ' !'ll!!i'H
»t'
INTRODUCING to the FRESHMEN of 1942
ESCRIPTION of PURDUE
TERNAL MEMORIES
EAUTIES of the CAMPUS
EVIEW of the . YEAR
NTERESTING FEATURES and
""* S'M ^"l"■"■"■ I. > ij - ' '' *■ ^ 'Claudia' To Opeii
Plans for conducting the Student Book Exchange, non profit seivice offeied by the Student Union at the beginning of each semestei, weie announced lecently by the Book Ex change Board The Exchange will be open from September 2 to 9, and will begin receiving books on Mon
day
The Exchange will be open from
Union Will Conduct yfj|| Present
War Eflort Survey
In Great Hall
Foi the benefit of freshmen and In This Year's Book
other new students, the Student Un-
10 a m to 5 pm daily inUie South ion will sponsor an Information Bu Balli oom Owners of books will not m Great Hall of the Union be permitted to chdige more than Monday, August 31, and 76 peicent of the original purchase until the following Thupsprice during the sale beginning of classes
Following the sale, all money and Thursday the booth will be open away with them in a mater^al unsold books must be claimed be- ^ until 6pm thioughout the rpj^jg jg Debris, student fore noon, Septembei 12, according week produced year book Located on the to the Board of Conti ol Anyone Addresses ot all new students will second floor of the Union building, failing to comply will automatically be available at the booth, as well as the Debus is each yeai pioduced by foifeit h;s right to the money oi general infoimation and campus tnree staffs of student workers
Three Staffs Write, Sell, Photos^raph
When college days are ovei, there
one mem01 y that students can
Season tickets Go 0n Sole ' At Registration Monday For the sixth time m as many years the blotters that will be used at registration announce the complete dramatic season of Playshop, the University dramatn^ organization They also announce thte advantage of buying a season ticket for $1.50 after leaving registration in the Armory. The dramatic season will open on October 14 with the Rose Franken comedy, “Claudia”, which will be on the Fowler Hall
stage. This comedy concerns the problems of a naive, newly married young lady who left her home and mother to set up housekeeping with her husbapd After 18 months this play IS still running on Broadway
Browsing Room Offers Relaxation The Biowsing Room, located on
the ground floor of the Union bujld-
books Leftover books will be sold maps will be given out Bill Pur- These three staffs aie the busi “
on the wholesale book market, and man is in chaige of this seivice, ness staff, which handles all of the >s for students who liKe to read and is still praised highly by numer-
remaining funds will be added to the which is offeied fiee to all students selling and accounting foi the pub- ° students who don t like ous dramatic critics ' * The next play will be given on
the week end of the Indiana Purdue football game It will be a revival of the highly successful summer teim comedy, “Jim Dandy” All of
Book Exchange Fund
by the Student Union
WELCOME
SHUTTERBUGS
Bring in Your Camera for a ^REE CHECK-UP
Arst
STEP TO SWELL SNAPSHOTS •
lication, the editoiial staff, which IS in charge of all wilting in the annual, and the photographic staff, which loams the campus snapping candid shots of the various events and which also handles all of the daik loom woik involved in publi
cation
Will Depict War Effort This yeai’s book will depict the Univeisity’s wai effort in a pic tonal foim This will be done by
to read
The purpose of the room is to develop an appreciation of the pleasuies of reading (this is where the non leadets come in), and to de-
discrimination as
velop some discrimination as to the pjfoceeds will be given by Play what IS read shop to the Navy Relief Society Relax Is The Watchword This will be in cooperation with “Relax” IS th& watchword in the drives at other university theaties Browsing Room? People whose only to reach a ?5,0Qi0 000 goal leading has been done in straight- “Watch on the Rhine” by Lillian backed libraiy chairs find them- Heilman will be staged December selves culled up in easy chairs or 8tor41 This is a story about a Ger
tying up the Umveisitys relation lymg full length on sofas Those in, man family that was followed to with industiy and the aimed foices (.jj^rge wish to make this room as America by Hitler’s agents by means of candid shots of the va ^g^ily like a home libraiy as pos- On February 9 to 12, Playshop
sible, for this reason the request will produce the Parker Fennelly
FOSTER'S CAMERA SHOP
3f
West Lafayette jf
Opposite Union Bldg.
nous activities
Debus officials this yeai plan to is made that coats and textbooks be comedy, “Cuckoos oi^ the Hearth” hold a callout for freshmen and checked outside. The varsity show, “Hit the Deck”, .sophomoies sometime during the Here you can read the most popu- produced with the cooperation of the first two weeks of the fall term lar new books, if you can get them University Musical Organizations, Accoiding to Dick Ball senior edi away from the other people who will be the final show of the season toi of the Debus theie are many want to isad them too But nobody Its lively tunes are light up With opportunities foi sophoLores due to can take a book out so your chances the times, since it conceins the life the lack of woikeis durmg the sum aie good Besides the newest books, and loves of the Navymen mei months He also^ointed out you can read the best of older fic- Regular admission fee to these that a position on thq’^hotographic tion, books on history, art, travel, performances is 75c but a special staff offers to the freshman or soph religion, science philosophy and season book is available to students omoie a chance to learn or practice biography These books will be sold at regisphotogiaphic work at the expense New Catalogue Issued tration for $1 50, and contain couof somebody else A new catalogue of the Browsing pons which may be exchanged foi a Room, just issued, ^sts 1,637 books reserved seat to each of the four Only 12 American cities includ- The catalogues aie being sent to major productions The book also ing New York and San Fiancisco, residence units and faculty mem- includes a ticket which may be use as much water in the couise of beis in order that students and turned in to the Fowler Hall box a day as is used daily by one of the staff will have a better idea of the office for a 50 per cent reduction big smokeless powder plants offerings of theiOom on the “Jim Dandy” production
Because of the response tb the senior coupon books which were sold this summer, Playshop will again offei these books for those who will be leaving the campus at Christmas because of graduation, militaiy service or employment
SAVE HEUE
PORT^ NAPSHOTS IDELIGHTS
Buy it NOW!
USED
on and
NEW
Books and School Supplies « All approved books an^ siip^ies for Engineering, Agriculture, Science and Home Economics.
RIDE k BUS Anywhere in Lafayette r or ^ West Lafayette for - A NICKEL
Dietzgen and K. & E. Drafting Supplies. Complete line of Scheaffer, Parker, Eversharp and Esterbrook Fountain Pens.
1. E. S. and Flourescent Study Lamps.
UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE Across from the Union Building “So Handy” M. C. "Red" Sammons, '29 - R. W. "Dot" Epple, '40
Remember, too, OWL SERVICE starts SEPT. Sth
UFAlim ntmi CL lot.
sfPurdue JExpohent ^iuriay, Augu$t 29:
12
A,
Musical Organizations
A Meisag^^o New And Old Purdue Students:
To Hold Tryouts Hoxt Friday And Saturday
free to come to my office' at any try, and the fighting men iii Army, lems to solve. We want to Ijelp you time, for conference and advice. Navy, and Air Forces. make satisfactory adjustments, and
Eft^nterVftnd scientists are the The subjects that you will have Technically trained men and would tike to assist you with
key people in modern mechanized yo»r curriculum will enable you women are more necessary than some of your problems.
warfare and are absolutely indis- to qualify for wo’k in the fields of they have ever been because vie- Again, we extend our greetings u c « nensable to war industries as well science that make a direct contribu- tory and a suceeSsful peace will de- with the hope that the facilities of becoming a member of any one of the armed forces of our coun- tion to the war effort, if you are pend oh scienee,-clear thinking, this office may be of service to you the four musical organizations on
All students who are interested in
as to
try
You who are now studying en- qualified to do superior work in courageous action, and practical during the months and years that campus should attend the spe-
F. I. GOLDSMITH,
Dean of Men.
Pharinacy rjiroshmen:
cial meeting in the Music Hall next Monday. A1 Stewart, the director of the University musical organiza; tions, will explain in detail the ac-
gineepng or other branches of ap- Chemistry, Physics and Biology, or common senSe. Make the most of he ahead,
plied science's are actually on a Mathematics. this opportunity, and remember “furlough from active participation If you wish to take preliminary that the faculty of the School of in the war effort”, in order that you training in dentistry, medicine or Agriculture is interested in you and may be prepared for maximum law, your courses will enable you your progress, service when and as needed; Some to prepare to you - own satisfaction. You have our best wishes, of yon will utilize your engineering At the present time there are H. J. REED,
preparation in performing technical more demands than the University Dean of the School of Agriculture, come all who are beginning their University Choir whiCh furservices for the Army and Navy can fill in the fi rids of chemistry, nishes allthemus^^
meetings sponsored by the Univer-
bution as engineers for war indus- u jou nave any , cnnauon or mrer- the-Dean of Men degree tne meals or scnoiarsn.p ana ^ ^ ^p. fries c®t in these subjects, we will-do all ..i u * i.. service. Here you will find an op- . a ' ' *1. i • .. sui.. u extends a most hearty welcome to ^ . , , , . proximateiy 260 voices, and is a
y stu- that IS possible to encourage it. o..,.i..„ fT„5. '
The; niembers of the staff of the' tual tryouts to be held Friday and SchO^lj of Pharmacy heArtily wel- Skturday, September 4 and 6.
the Glee* Club in that they travel .throughout the country to give con'^erts, and the Concert Choir also, does a good deal of broadcast work. Both the Glee Club and the concett choir appear at various convocations and meetings throughout the achool year. . Orchestra Accompanies Choir ; Those interested in orchestral work should plan to try out for the , University orchestra which is composed of selected players, both eds and coeds. The University orchestra accompanies the University choir during the special Easter and Christmas Convos and in addition the orchestra furnishes instrument-, al music for many other campus shows and special events. The or-‘
chestra also doek s6|h‘h’ other parts of the s^te, for the pur*^ pose of giving confjertfljfand it took part in some bond-sale'driy^a during the summer Seihestef^ ,,, y ; ■
DR. PAUL 4 ; DR. LUTHER A.HlSK ;;r 's DR. HAROLD J. RISK ^ .1- ■ ''400-404 4th and Main Sti. fAsfiyrtf*
GREETING cards for all d^CASIONS
-AcTofl* “Red*' damnoDf *49 >., ,r Vi^do**
has combined t(^ an unusual
degree the ideals of scholarship and service. Here you will find an op-
In the present emergency stu- tn« is possio.e , o encourage ir. t^ose who are enterinj PmduTS Pprtunity to acquire knowledge and ;;Vx;d“;;oup. During thSE^^^^^ denLs must realize that they cannot Weprge you to determine during ^ build character, m an environment Christmas seasons the University “carry on as usual”. Students will your freshman yew what you wi^ J those Students At Tellowsh^^^tfort with other ^^oir forms the featurelatbWtioh not be allowed to remain at the Uni- to make of yourself ,n your life if returning to continue their students an^ the faculty. ^ ^knvocations.
cut classes when you have not mat e this decision be- We extepq a spectal welcome to
into the ^hib Is Well Known
versify if they tm, viasoco tthc, .-— - gfyjieg
they feel like it, drive automobiles fore coming to the University. You , ' , * xu* m *hose who are entering , v. itliout good reason, study enough will recognize, therefore, without We, the members of this gfu^y gf pharmacy Which represents The Glee Club for tneo is a nationto “get by”, and are mostly inter- being told, that you can prepare look forward to serving you. We an excellent union of applied science ally known group which took second csted in the “side shows” of college more adequately for the day of want to help you as much as we place in Fred Waring’s national collife. A student who does not utilize starting, “Commencement”, if you possibly can. It is our aim to have in peace our country needs legiate Glee Club competition held his time most advantageously not have four full years in which to dp yo“ come in to see us willingly, njej, ^nd women Specialized in the in New York on May 31 of this year, only lacks in patriotism, but the work than to have only one, two p”**! yp^^ve ®a le The Glee Club has a membership' through his conduct is building up a or three in which to make the prep- in because'of some disciplinary rea- ufacturirig, testing, pnd distributing centering around fifty, and the ormental attitude on the part of the aration. You have our best wishes son. In fact, iTyou help the office „cdicipek and medical supplies, ganization takes several trips each p-ablic which will react against the in the undertaking and the hope of the Dean of Men do its work we , opportunities to combine year as well as taking part in a good further deferment of those who are that your aspirations and those of there should nevM be any o*s®ipli: maintenance many radio broadcasts over iiation-
earncstly devoting themselves to
their studies. ^
Purdue students must realize that a great crisis is confronting our country and must prepare themselves quickly and thoroughly so that they can contribute most to victory for American idealism and to happier living for all in a world
at peace. ' a! A. porrER,
Dean of the Schools of Engineering.
your parents may be justified by the nary problems
quality of the work you do. HOWARD E. ENDERS, Dean, School of Science,
This office should
of the public health welfare of our
To The New Students Of Purdue Universi
T have
wide hook-ups.
hel^ you solve your problems; ifo civilian and armed forces are avail- All of the better singers of the function ^should be PREVENTiy able to those who accept the re- Glee Club and the University Choi?
sponsibilities of the profession of go into the Concert Choir which is
considered the musical honorary so-
GLENN L. JENKINS, ciety on the campus. The activities Dean of the School of Pharmacy- of this group are similar to those of
rather than curative. In other
words, we want to see you before pbarmacy.
your minor problems become major problems. We want you to have confidence in us; to feel that we, in
To The Freshmen:
Greetings and. a cordial welcome
May those of you who Save the this office, are human beings who privilege of being in the University have your interest at heart, now never forget that you have this In 1928, Stanley Coulter, Dean privilege in order to receive train- Emeritus of Purdue University, reing which will enable you to render marked that the Dean of Men is a greater service to your country in “personality, not an officer. . . . He, the years ahead. In attending col- is the human element in the univerlege, you not only accept a privilege, sity mechanism.... Today we have
to the campus. I-hope you will find you assume an obligation. Your ob- so surrounded ourselves with mehcrc the work and pleasures you ligation is to use to the fullest ex- chanical records that we may have have anticipated and find joy in do- tent the facilities of the University ceased being personalities and have ing your work well, for this is the and your own abilities to the end become machines.” In principle, year to put forth your best effort, that you may leave the University what Dean Coulter said fourteen I'bope you will be fortunate in able in mind and body to give, not years ago, is what we believe in toyoiir choice of friends and in the to get. day. We trust we have not become groups with which you become affili- When you read this word of greet- too machine-Bke»to forget about the ated; I hope you will engage in ing I shall be at Smith. College needs of each individual student. We campus activities and find some that learning to do a new kind of job don’t want to think of you as a recinterest you, for part of your edu- in the WA'VES. I shall be thinking ord, as a case, or anything else but
of you during your first few hard a human being who has certain addays on campus and wishing you justments to make and certain prob-
well. \ DOROTHY C. STRATTON,
Dean of Women.
cation is gained through participa-
tion in such activities. f
■We: are glad that you have come tolrPirrd'ue'University, an^ we want to "help you fiiid the satisfactions gained from a successful university
career.
MARY L. MATTHEWS, ■' Dean, School of Home Economics.
WELCOME FRESHMEN “Hello" Old Timers
We are now prepared to serve you more than ever. Since conservation of shoes has become a must, we are striving to helpyou help your country. Keep your shoes fit by timely repair.
FRESHMEN!
Stop In and Get Acquainted'' ^
You will^find us
Headquarters for Phonograph Records
(All Makes)
Radios — Camera Supplies
Gifts and Novelties
THE FOSTER SHOP
East Side Square -Ar- ■
BOSSIHIG
221 State
SHOE REBUILDERS Phone 2240
To Purdue FreshtiLen: I want to extend a warm welcome to you in behalf of the Agricultural faculty and staff. You are to be congratulated for ha'ving an oppor-
S^tunity to attend this University
•'We greet you and welcome you and prepare yourself to serve the in' your new venture into education welfare of your country most efand realize that there will b6 many fectively — either in the armed questions that will confront you up- forces or in the important phases on which you will need advice. To of civilian work which are necesthat end we wish .to have you feel sary to maintain agriculture, indus-
To The Freshmen In The School Of Science:
More'^ Than a Pie
It’s a
I ■
Luscious Treat
You’ll want more of our pie after you’ve had the first tasty morsel. Crisp, flaky crusts with delicious fillings make a treat that you’ll enjoy. Try one today.
V Freshman: A good cure for home- ; sickness is a Home Baked Pie.
Try
GLEASON'S PIES
2TT South St., West Lafayette
Phone 6839
How to Conserve?
your Shirts and Ties
Don’t starch fused collars ■ ily. (They’re the ones that look ’ starched, but aren’t.) Too much ' ehmrtens the life of these collars —and don’t put too much starch inyour.soft collars, either! Arrow has a large variety of shirts with fused and soft collars.
Turn up your shirt collars before your shirts are washed. Your collars are less likely to fray this way—and will last longer.
4
Untie your tie the reverse way of how you tied it. Don’t wear the same tie too often. Givei it a rest.
, Roll up your knit ties when not wearing them: They retain their
shape better that 'way.
Buy Arrow Shirts and Ties; They are made to wear longer, and fit you better.
DEWENTER’S
416 Main Street
OUR LOW PRICE
322 MAIN STREET.
LAFAYETTE
%
y. -wmsi
Is she ‘j§o-sorry”ing you too often when you ring up ror a date?
li i
Does her eye rove over your shoulder and light on a snappy lieutenants’ back? , Could be . . . because our scouts report a considerable swing to feminine admiration for the military bearing . . . which is only natural! But maybe part of what’s happening is your fault! iNtaybe you’re wearing “fatigue” clothes when you ought to be appearing on “Dress Parade” a little more' often. Of course, fatigue clothes have their place in the army . . . just as slacks for campus wear are O.K. in their place. / ^ But when you want to make a conquest you need .your best fighting clothes. Pending the time you get into one of Uncle Sam’s uniforms, this means clothes by Hart Schaffner 85 Marx and Geisler’s Varsity.
Now You go back to school
stop in and inspect the good-looking clothes for campus wear that we have assembled in our special GETS Shop. They’ve got style, the just-rightness that university men always demand in their clothes! And this year they ^pack an extra amount of that old stamina which " Geisler^s always give-out with as an extra dividend. The smart-looking gray flannel illustrated is typical of 'vl^hsit we’re talking about.
PRICES BEGIN AT
I, r
3, Bufton-Down Oxfords ^ No college man ever had enough of these. We have a large collection in while and several solid shades Our size range is complete, too, which i,s an important item if you wear out of-Ihe-ordinary sleeve lengths or collar sizes. By Enro and Manhattan
b Repps and Knits
■* That's the tie story for men going back to school Our collection of repp stripes is something lhat.university men have been known to drool over. And the new striped and solid color knits are so good-looking you'll want to add at least half a'dozen to your tie-rack. Prices begin at
By Beau Brummell
C Cable Sntched ' —sweaters are important in every Back-To-School wardrobe. Perfect under a sport coat— and colorful and protective at the games or during thebriskautumnweatherthat'sjustahead Canary is the popular color, but we have this sweater in several other good-looking shades as well By Rugby and Carolina
d. Nanow Brim 1/ Watch this hat trend Mobt men in school have always favored this type of hat, but in the past several years hat brims have grown substantially wider Now they’re b^k to inches again —and we think this new model of ours is one of the b.est-looking styles in years, in Mohawk brown, the new color for fall By Pobbs and Lee * 6 Argyle Hose ^ Yes, they’re imported, but we don’t know how much longer, we'll be able to get them. ArgyleS tike these, of course, are perennial favorites with university men because they’re good looking, colorful and comfortable These are of a fine wool mixture. Better lay in a supply now—while you can By Interwoven f* Side-Walls This refers to shoes, not to tires (remember when you could buy ’em) Men on campus discovered how comfortable these good-looking shoes were, and as a result the popularity of sidewalls has been constantly increasing among men in ail walks of life (awful pun). In brown, of course By Nunn Bush and Edgertoa
PagB 1# JV '
-loiiie Ec School Pl^iis New Course For Coeds Guinea Pigs Will Take Special Subjects To Determine Future Programs With a curriculum designed to improve the freshman student’s ability to cope with the University and the world at large, the School of Home Economics will this semester enroll 75 freshman women in a new experimental course. The central course of the new program, which has been in the process of construction for over three years, is a four hour introduction to home economics to be taught by Professors Matthews, Bloye, Howe and Schantz-Hansen. This course will take most of its materials from the regular freshman work in clothing, applied design and foods, which it replaces. These will be handled —— as units, each unit lasting for them to be handicapped, ten weeks. The 75 coeds tak- Students who need more expetling the special work will be di- principles of food prepa- • j j • 4. 4.1. ration and in sewing may elect the videq into three groups so no , , , / j j ,, , , , . regular freshman foods and clothmore than 25 will be taking jjjg labs. Their work, however, will any one unit at a give^time. be somewhat different than that The fourth unit, phonal given to students in the regular relations, requires one meeting course. A special applied design lab-
each week and will be under the di-
rection of Dean Matthews. In addi- experimental group, tion to class discussion, outside More Research Required speakers will be used to help give Students in the special course will the freshmen a more thorough have faculty guidance throughout orientation and a greater under- their four years at the University, standing of the University and its Each freshman will be assigned to purposes. one of the eight faculty counselors Emphasize Physical Health who will be in charge of the guid-
This course will attack the fresh- ^^ce program,
mgn’s problems from three stand- Control Group To Check Result points-personal, social and voca- ^he students who will serve as tional. The personal heading will gumea pigs have been'selected from emphasize the importance of phys- indicated they would like ical and mental health and their de- ^ experimental work. A pendence upon rest, recreation and 75 students food; while the social work will ^ backgrounds as nearly like stress the impression the student experimental group as makes on others and will probably p^ggi^jg ^e compared with the include ratings. The vocational experimental group at the end of value of home economics, both as a determine the paying proposition and as training contribution" made to the develop-
i«ent of the student by the experi-
mental' curriculum.
Model R. R. Club
. . . has a membership formed from those students interested in
discussed.
These same three points will be applied as a basis of attack to the other units of the course in an effort to provide a really CjOmprehensive introduction to the field of home
economics. In these units clothing "odelranroading'as a hobbyrThe selection, food selection and ap- ^jni^ture locomotive fans build and plied design developed to meet the ^^intain a model railroad in the present and future needs of the stu- Mechanical Engineering BuUding, dents will be taken up. members construct right of Tests To Determine Content miniatfire rolling stock. The materials actually™tHcIimed experience is required for memin the course will be at least partly ^ership-just a desire to learn mod-
determined by the deficiencies re- , ^
vealed by n^w orientation tests in
the average freshman’s home eco- * r 11 nomics experience. The tests cover ufCSH P0ff6rS
the skills that members of the staff ... is an organization composed hold as minimum requirements for pf entire freshman student body. entering sophomoie courses. qij^e Potters aid in the promotion of One of the major ajms of the athletic functions, are responsible course is to take care of the differ- fQj. freshman activities and sponsor ences in backgrounds of students annual Greeh Potters Ball, a entering the Home Economics campus-wide freshman dance. OfSchool. Some have had no previous fleers of the organization are elected
expel ience in home economics, while fly popular vote,
others have had many years of 4-H Club work and others have had
home economics courses in high I.0U3VC5 school. . . . are an exhibition drill squad Lab Work Optional connected with the military departLaboratory work is optional for ment, and all basic military students the girls taking the special course, are eligible to try out for memberbut they will be urged to elect lab- ship. Students in the advanced oratory courses in the subjects in ROTC corps act as officers for the which the orientation tests show squad.
'Doc' Martin Mixes Work, Play In Frosh Engineering Chemistry By Bill Fawcett Introducing the freshman engi- nevertheless we still remain slightneers to the greatest barrier in their ly skeptical. path to success at the University— It is not the purpose of the author Dr. Frank D. Martin, of the chem- to frighten “the green ones” or in istry department. “Doc” modestly any way hinder their success or seal protests against this distinction that their doom in chemistry, but merely he has earned during his years at to give them an insight as to what the Univeisity as general chemistry may be expected during the year, professor in charge of freshman en- We promise that there will never gineers. be a dull moment in any of “Doc’s” No partiality is ever shown in as- lectures, particularly if the student signing men (and women) to him, sits close to the front. To fall asleep since hopeful Mechanical, Chemical, in a lecture is physically dangerous. Electrical, Civil, PSE and what- for “Doc’s” chalk and eraser pile is have-you Engineers must take ei- highly maneuverable. When fumes, ther Chem 1 and 2 or 21 and 22. Re- flames and metals begin pouring gardless of which group of courses forth from the table over the the new student takes, he will be amazed audience, the best advice an stuck with “Doc” Mai tin for a year, old-timer can give is to duck slightand/or “Doc” Martin will be stuck ly, keep eyes and ears open and nose with him, depending upon the view- and mouth closed, and in that condipoint of the individual. tion if possiblcjlaugh with the “Doc” Course A Gripe as he chuckles over his brew. Above Throughout the entii e campus all else if you hope to do well, laugh “Doc” has the leputation of offering at “Doc’s” annual jokes to which the toughest course the new student each succeeding class is subjected, will encounter during his undei'- These aien’t too bad, however, for class years. It seems that someone they are many and varied. IS always aiound “griping” about Various Impressions “Doc” Martin. The vai lous impressions of “Doe” However, when questioned on the which pass thiough the new stusubject of freshman failures, “Doc” dent’s mind are thoughts of humor, just smiles a triumphant smile and sympathy, disgust, dislike (“Doe’s” leaches for a national magazine glasses help him about test time) which disproves the theories that and eventually lespect. there aie moie freshman failuies in Martin is respected throughout chemistry than In English, math, or the nation as an educator, and when the General Engineeiing School, the new student has passed Chem i While we mave no reason to doubt and 2, he knows the reason for hjia these figures as shown us by “Doc”; national reputation.V y ■^■ '- , Ptiraue Exj^^ - SatumJ^y, Atigmt29, m W«-' Vt ' ’ .1. ii n „ I ,V ,' i,il' "lM,l i"'"’l ' ' ^ I I _i_._^ ^ ' '' - Tr«inl.r--''y»>..>^ ■;. ,
Wr
X
ah Upper Classman tell you- ■ C, ■ ”' ■ Ah Upper Classman’s word for itan Old Hand
m
To /subscribe to the Exponent when yon regis|^er aiK make sure of getting the Purdue news every day. There’s humor, dramatics, scandal, society... and the stories and dope you don’t want to miss about Purdue’s history making teams.
m
■ i 4'-
TWO SEMESTERS--A WHOLE YEAR JUST $3.0(^ Subscribe at Registration or Any Time at— The Memorial Union Bldg.
Southworth’s
Deac’s
University Book Store
2^
; OiOll Laundry Service
It’s also good advice after you have unpacked to send those rumpled clothes to Crown. Take our advice now and you’ll be a steady Crown customer.
We Stick to jQuality'^nd Servicp... and Purdue Sticks to tis29, 1942
MMue Exppimpi
Oi^ge Students May Enroll In Enlisted Reseryes
EWf^fit Presents Summaries
Recpgni?!}ihg thq situation confronting college students in the war ie^ort* tiie Exponent will endeavor to present a summary hf^ha^oppbrtunities offered to college students by the armed'fclri!58§ 6f the United States, in order that the student niay .y?i|dt:e his traihing will be of most service to his couht^V^Ii^h-§h|isted in the armed forces on inactive statjus are not liable^ to c^l to active ' “■ ^ , duty. ' S' ' cadet, and is later promoted to sec-
The following information, lieutenant.
compiW4P1)#'?>lte American ^ :<lrf»red^n4 w jT^ ^ . called to active duty upon graduaCoundil Otf Education, was re- tion or withdraw^ from college, or leased ^bn 'June" 20j 1942, and upon failure in qualifying examiiSifiUbjeci to'chahges occurring after nation which must be taken not that daitig., . , ^ later than the end of the second
’ calendar year in college. Applica-
tion for admission here should be
Afmy ^fi^^Force
i ll . ." EhlMed Reserve offers a commission as second lieutenant to
miftle atUdientS'in'
Univerijtity, college or junior college. Each institution is assigned a cer
made at the Armory. Army Enlisted Reserve . . . other branches than the air force, has the same qualifications
tain qh*^ta of men which cannot for eligibility as does the above, exbe exceeded'. cept that the student must be 18 j^ny,. student between-18 and 26 at the time of enlistment, or under years ifaay enlist, with parental con- 45 at the time of graduation. Up to sent i4 he is a minor, and is auto- one-fifth of the quota set for an matically ranked as Private, Air institution may be made up of boys Corps ( Enlisted Reserve. When under 18 who agree to enlist upon
called ito active duty, the enlistee reaching 18.
receives the rank of Army Aviation No particular college courses are
specified for this branch of the Army, aild call tq active duty is the same as; for the Air Forte Enlisted Reserve meittioned above. A student'will receive the/r^k of PrivatiB, Enlisted Reserve Corps, upon taking Qath, and will be rated as ah enlistqd man in the branch of the Army to .which he is assigned. Application for admission to the Officer Candidate School may be made after induction into the Army under the same conditions as other enlisted melr or selectees. Application at the University should be made at the Armory. Army Medical Corps . . . j^hich offers commissions in th6 Slemeal Administrative Corps, is open to medica'l and prcr med students who are accepted matriculants at approved medical school. They will be deferred until subsequent call, to active duty. Lower age limit fpr enlistment has been set at 18, and the upper limit depends on the applicant’s general suitability to work with the armed forces. Students enlisting in the Medical Corps will be deferred until they have completed their medical course and), one year of in-
terneship.
Initial rank upon taking oath is that of second lieutenant, and rank upon dall to active duty will be First
Lieuutenant, Medical Corps. Army Nurse. Corps|^'):|-; ' ... is now acceptihg|rqgi|terect nurses who are gradnute^^qf ^
year high school anduafi!''approyig4 ■ 3-year school of nursin^'.Applicants must be unmarried,, and age liMtits are 21-40 for Reserve Nurses^ and
22-30 for Regular Arniy Nurses. No specific college courses aside
from those required for a registered
nurse are needed for application. Applicants will be called to active
duty as soon after enlistment as practicable, and WRl ^ceiVe "the rel*ative ranks of Secohd Liquitenant.
Application shouldbe..iii(ikde to the.
Superintendent of the^^rniy Nurse
Corps, Washington, Navy Class V-1 ,
... is open only to freshmen and sophomore ^udents in aii accredited college or university between the ages of 17 and 20 and fdnctibns. as a preliminary enlistment program for classes V-6 and V-1:' ' ■ A student enlisting in this class must enter either V-& or V-7 at the end of his sophomore year, and he is ranked as an apprentice seaman upon first taking oath. The course an applicant must take in school for V-1 is set up by the institution in which the student is_ enrolled. If not selected for V-5 oa. V-7 at tjie end of the second calendar year
THE '' ' • ■ ' . .' , v \ . ' ' ' . ■ '1 ■ ■■ ■ “tRcphoAonUntj. dmeJuoA. SdwoL
Complete Coverage of Engineering News On and Off the Campus. Your September Issue Is at Registra|ion
in college, a student is immediately assigned to active duty as an en-
listed man. "
Navy Claims V-5 . . . naval aviation, offers an eventual commission as Ensign, U. ; S. Naval Reserve after the applicant has successfully completed throe months at a pre-flight school and about nine months of training as q.n.
Aviation Cadet.
V-5 is open to students selected, for transfer from V-1 and others who enlist directly. Age limits are i-lS and 27, with parental consent required from mii^s. Call to actiw^uty in V-5 is contemplated a^the end of the academic yeaycurrent at time of entrance, o/ earlier upon request. Upon entrance the student is ranked as Seaman, 2hd class. - No specific college courses are required for this branch of the Navy, but physics and mathematics are' recommended. Application may be made at the nearest Flight Selectibii'
Board.
Navy Class V-7 . . offers commissions as deck or engineering officers- to students selected for transfer from V-1 and to juniors and seniors who were never eligible for V-1. Age limits are 19 to 28j inclusive. - Required college courses for those desiring to enter class V-7 are regular courses leading to any of the following degrees: BAyES, any engineering degree, BE^n, BPh, BBA, BSC, BJoui-, 0I^ LEb (if preceded by a yeaz;s of Rr^law.) ; .' Students w^be called to active duty upon rOTeipt of their degrees as. apprentice seamen, and will be subsequently appointed as Ensign U. S. Naval Reserve upon successful completion of about four months training. .. Navy Class H-V ( P) ... medical and dental corps, offers the ranks of lieutenant (jg) in the Naval Reserve to applicant's between the ages of l9 and 30 upon call to active duty^ Students in class “A” medical colleges or accredited dental colleges, and pre-
med or pre-dental students who hqve been accepted for the next entering class in such colleges are eligible. tJbon taking oath in Class H-V (P), the applicant receives the rating of Provisional Ensign, Naval Reserve. Students entering this class are expected to complete a regular medical or dental course with one year internship for medical students, except those who may be accepted as Acting Assistant Surgeons for interne training in the
Navy.
Navy Volunteer Reserve ... offers students in engineering accredited colleges who attained junior status on or before April 15, 1942, the rating of Probationary^ -Ensign, Naval Reserve, upon taking oath, in either the a-viation engineering, construction corps, ordnance, qr supply corps. Students well advanced in business administration, accounting, or related college courses will be accepted in the Supply Corps, only. The, ages .acceptable for this group are from 18 to 28 inclusive. Upon graduation from the regular four-year course the applicant will receive the initial rank of Ensign,
Naval Reserve.
Navy Nurse Corps
. i . offers to registered nurses ' who are graduates of high-school andean eccredited school of nursing a rank with pay and,, privileges equal to those of the equivalent rank of Army Nurse. Women who may be widowed or legally separated will be accepted for .this branch of the service, with those between the ages of 21 and 40 being eligible for the Naval Reserve Nurse Corps. Those between 22 and 28 are also eligible for the Regu-
lar Navy Nurse Corps.
Active duty for this group is contemplated immediately upon appoin^ent, or as soon thereafter as
pracficable. . ’
Marine Corps Candidates . . . will be selected from any university participating in the reserve plan within the limits of the
if
.1 ' JK
i <{
Here Is the G, H. Q» For Purdue Men,
luij^ and Look Around
Look at This Impressive List Arrow—-Shirt, Ties, Underwear Hickok-Belts, Braces, Jewelry B.V.D.—Underwear, Sport Shirts Alligator—Rain Wear Cooper—Jockey Underwear Society Brand Suits ff Alpagora Top Coats, Rain Coats
And in Addition, These Regular Clothing Supplies Freshman Pots Finger Tip Reversibles Gym Supplies
Sweaters
T-Shirts
inc. Located Conveniently in West Lafayette Right Across From Post Office
WELCOME STUDENTS We are glad to s^e our old Friends back and take this opportunity to invite all new students to make this store headquarters for anything you may need in our line of merchandise. We are always glad to nerve you.
Edgerton Hardware E. W. VanMeter, Pres. '■ Phone 4354 ' " 'West Lafayette
quotas assigned to that institution. Age limits for enlistees’-are from ^ 17-22 for freshmen, 18-23 for soph- ^ omores, 19-23% for juniors, 20-27 for seniors, and 20-30 for graduate students. Those who enlist will be rated as Private First Class, Marine Corps Reserve, until called to active
duty.
The students enlisted under this
plan will be called to duty only upon graduation, or will be given six months’ notice if they are to be called prior to this. After their assignment to active duty, they will hold the rating of Private First Class for three months. After this period, the recommended candidates will be appointed as Second Lieutenants and given additional training. Uvnsuccessful candidates will be transferred to other branches of the Marine Corps or will be discharged, according to the discretion
of the Commandant. ,
’'iii
Applications for this branch of Service should be made to the nearest Marine Corps Recruiting Sta-
tion.
Coasf Guard Reserve
. . . cadetships are open to the holders of a bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university who have had at least one semester of trigonometry and an additional .semester of college mathematics. Cadetships will also be offered to men entering upon their senior year in college. If these applications are accepted the men will be allowed to continue on an inactive status until their graduation, when they may be called for active service. 1 /
Age limits for this branch
from 20-30 years at enlistment^ Parental consent is required if the cadet is a minor. Except in the case of college seniors, immediate call to
active duty is contemplated.
Upon enlistment, the men will be given the rating of Apprentice Seaman, which they will hold for one month of active duty,, when they will be appointe^ as Coast Guard Reserve Cadet and given from two to three additional months of training, and, if successful, appointed as Ensign, Naval Reserve, on active duty ^
with the U. S. Coast Guard.
All applications should be sent to the Commandant, U. S. Coast
Guard, Washington,: D. C.
Merchant-Marine Cadets . . . are awar3ed to holders of at least 12 units from accredited secondary schools, .including three units of English, one unit in mathe- . matics and one unit in science. AgC: requirements for this ijpanch are . from 18-23 years, but waivers may be granted on this requirement up to the 27th birthday, one year’s increase in the top age limit being given,for each year of college work
completed.
The enlistee holds the titles of Cadet, U. S. Merchant Marine, and Cadet, U. S. Naval Reserve, concurrently. After 16 months of training, including two at a basic school, seven at sea, and seven at Merchant Marine Academy, successful candidates will be licensed as Merchant Officers and appointed to the rank of Ensign, Naval Reserve. Applicants will be called to active duty as soon as possible after en-
listment. •
Those interested in making ap- , plication should write the super- * visor of Merchant Marine Cadet Training, U. S. Coast Guard, Washington, D. C.
LaundryDry Cleaning Hat Blocking
You are gad to be Kere-^ t v, We are glad to have you here.
Complete Wardrobe Service
Phone 7278 for Pickup
10%' discount on laundry brought in and called for at West Side Office American Laundry & Cleaners. '■ ..:: \.- „. . ,, ,- ■- :.:, : ...:..^ SmtMuMdML,
' ; • ■ ' ' %‘(urSy, Au^t 29/l$4k' '
KEEP ’EM Firm, mUHEl-AiiD WmtING
a
Dofi’l tty to carry everything in your mind; carry it in your pocket in the Robinson Ren^inder. Each memo a separate coupon—tear put when attended to. Keeps live notes only. ^1.00 to^S.OO, shown, ^2.50. ' (Dealer Imprint Here)
^ ,Drop into our store todoy'^f?^,rtiumb through'a’'Co//ege Outline covering ony of your coW'ses .'?.'note its meaty compactness... its telling paragiioiphs .*?'. its newspaper* (like efficiency in highlighting essetOtials and putting the. V itory over. You'!! be omazed that so\mucA can be g6tinto( j, so /;tt/e\space. College Outlines ar^the test tWgft-inbriksj; rnsuronce^obtainable. Prepare with them for exams nowth C()LLEGE OUTLINE,SERYES jAheienf Htsfory. .% .75 Europe", I815-l94p\.-’...r -75 i Physics, First Yr... >'.nc., Med., Mod. Hist, 1.00 Eica'mmatlons, Writing. .25 ^ Political Science....,; ,Jacteriology. Prln. 1.25 Geology. Prin.-...^!-. 1.00 1 Etiuc... ■ ii:o!ogy. General.....^ .75 German Grammar...^- .7S'F*y'^™>*^9y* jFotsnyr General—.75 ^Government, Amer....^ .75 |t;ShakespeareVPlays .Clicmistry, First Yr 1.00 Journalism f 7”’“ 1 ^Ue,~r^\e^ri Oe^.r*;^ I 1C ‘ H « Statistical Methods I ■ IS S'-E-triS'.::; sljf• rcpnomics, Pnn.._ 75 Lit. Eng., Since M,lf6n..|.0a |u;. j' IBM.""” . EnglnnrHUt'. ::.:rZ .75 ^A9e^300.!500 ysU'World; Since 1914 , . ; JEurope, 1500.1849 75 ^ Neturel Res. U. S... .75^oology.'^n^«l„,l.'(j
"TRIUMpIr^^WAY
3.1.“." lhe men;in;il,e;_Servic«.Bct;remember, -WoiilCrtM M E M 1 l%f 11 E R ensembi4 $16.50, for Writing tools are important, too. So keep Section, RQ^iNSON, Jtli JLj 1 Wm M i.l BB men or v.tomen —carries iirs fkoir enirife witk itko /^Fr ^ ^ ^ ‘ ;
. uptheirspiritswiththegiftofa'Shedffer’s .nfe., p»j,» ••iR|UMPH>>he?Se^esUn!fiie’pen’sS!s \
Wietli'Sbacklii; - - i
I.
GET YOUR NEW and USED
FROM OUR GOMPLETE STOCK - 'n ■ Shop Early—use our layaway plan. We guarantee the right hooks . and supplies for every course. , *
Coveralls —- Shop Gloves — Supplies for Surveying.
‘ -4 . ALL THIS Week
;x
INSPECTiOlf FOR YOUR PEN
Celluloid Triangles, Curves, K & E Slide Rules, Diezlgeu, K & E Drawing Sets, Erasers, Dx’afting Tape, Padlocks—all Engineering Needs.
Fountain pens, like fine watches, deserve annual inspection. It’s no use having a pen that’s not working right—so, as a store cdurtesy this week only, we’ll, inspect your pen thoroughly and refill it with SKRIP free.
Conip 1 cte Equipment for Applieil Design-— Kiology jind Bactcriol* ogy Lab. —■ Clothing & Textiles.
All Approved Purdue Form Papers -— Zipper, Note Books — Forjii B Binders — Note ,Book Fillers -—Indexes.
308-10 ITATE^ STREET WEST; LA FAYETTEIND
A/I
i il'