'I
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Saturday colder preceded by rain or snow. Fair and colder Sunday.
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY \ December 17, 193S Lafayette, bidiaiia VoL 50 No, 82
Contractors Start Work On Union Addition
Independent Convention Attracts 46 Delegates Forty-six delegates representing 11 colleges and universities from seven states were welcomed to the Mid-Western Independents’ Convention at noon yesterday by Dean of Men M. L. Fisher at a luncheon in the Faculty Lounge of the Union Building. Kegistration began at 10:30 and continued until a few minutes before the delegates gathered in the Faculty Lounge to begin the two-day program. “We have invited you here because we believe that you can bring us something which will be of help to us, and that we can also be of assistance to you,” Dean Fisher said. “It is through the interchange of ideas that we grow.” Campus Tours
Irvan Maury To Coe’s Vocalist Board Awards $537J80 DonofeServiees ^ i CootractS To LoCal Mcil
In less than 24 hours after the contracts were let, excavation was begun by A. E. Kemmer, local contractor, whose low bid of $437,800 won the award for the general construction contract for the west addition at the Union Building. K. H. Kettlehut, also a local builder, obtanied the contract for the east or residence wing on his base bid of $99,980. Both contracts were awarded at a special meeting of the Board of Trustees Thursday with the board reserving the right to accept or reject any
alternates during the next thirty days.
Another meeting will be held on
During the registration period groups of delegates were shown the campus in tours from the Union Building to the various points of interest. Among those groups were 12 students from Butler University, four from Drake University, four Trom the University of Illinois, and delegates from the University of Michigan, Ohio State University, University of Cincinnati, Franklin College, Ohio University, University of Wisconsin, University of Kansas. At the introductory luncheon acting President Frank C. Hockema addressed the group on “Qualities of a Leader,” enumerating the characteristics which a leader should possess. “A leader,” he began, “is also a good follower. A leader guides, leads human effort.” He stated that “The human equation is complicated, and that makes it interesting,” and went on to say that a good leader should be able to understand others. “If people don’t think you know enough they won’t tollow you,” he said. Kindliness, fairness, and vision were the traits which he named as essential qualities of a leader. “The greatest thing about a leader is his desire for self govei’nment,” he told the group. He then went on to name 16 characteristics which a leader should have, concluding his speech with a brief summary of • the traits, including ability to organize those who work under him, for which he cited the team play which made possible the touchdown on the opening play of the Indiana football game at the close ,of the football season. O. S. U. Man Eugene Sandler of Ohio State University led the opening discussion on “Gaining and Holding Interest in Independent Activities,” that was followed by two discussions at 3:30, for which the delegates split up into two sections. One of the sections heard Bill Feldman, editor of the Purdue Independent, speak on “The Independent Newspaper,” while the other listened to repre(Continued on page 3) Walgreen Company Extends Chain Here; Store Opens Today Extending its chain of stores to Lafayette, Walgreen Drug Company will today open a new store at 408 Main street. The 50 foot front of the store is almost entirely given over to windows set in Alumanite on a background of black granite bulkheads and pilasters. The interior of the store occupies approximately 5,000 square feet of floor space, and contains a modern 50 foot fountain bar capable of accommodating over a hundred persons. Company officials stated that an unusually large portion of the store is being devoted to the fountain to accommodate the volume of college trade. The store is equipped with the latest air conditioning facilities for the comfort of both patrons and employes. Christmas will be the theme of the opening and company officials have made a special effort to stock gifts for the holiday season.
Alpha Phi Omega To Install New Chapter Alpha Phi Omega, boy scout honorary, will install a new chapter at the Indiana State Teachers College at Terre Haute tomorrow morning, December 18. E. L. Wheeler, local boy scout executive, and four members of Purdue’s chapter who are in charge of part of the initiation service, will make the trip. Initiation services will begin at 10 o’clock and will be followed by a banquet at one. H. Roe Bartle, national president and scout executive of Kansas City, Mo., will be present at the services. The new chapter is the fifty-eighth chapter of Alpha Phi Omega to be installed in the United States. Approximately 10 members of the Purdue chapter of Alpha Phi Omega will attend their national convention which is being held at the DeSoto hotel in St. Louis, Mo., on December 28 and 29. Ag Teaching Problems Enumerated At Meeting Present and future problems of agricultural teaching, extension, and research were brought out at the recent annual meeting of the Land Grant College Association. They were enumerated and discussed Friday evening by Acting Directors Harry Reed, T. A. Coleman, and Acting Dean V. C. Freeman, who addressed the Purdue agricultural staffs in the Memorial Union Building. Nathan Gewirtz, Graduate Student, To Begin Duties Nathan Gewirtz, graduate student in the division of education and applied psychology, will begin his duties January 3 at Princeton, New Jersey, as assistant consulting examiner with the College Entrance Examination Board.
For Tea Dance In keeping with the Christmas spirit of the Union charity tea dance next Tuesday, Irvan Maury and their orchestra have offered to donate their services from 4 to 5:45 for dancing, instead of the recordings as was previously announced. Only charge for the dance will be some toy or article of canned goods or clothing, which will be given to the poor. Eds who have no date but the necessary price of admission, will be allowed to enter and cut in on their more fortunate fellow stu-
dents.
Donations of clothing are to be preferred, however, as the Red Cross, which is taking care of the distribution among the poor, is particularly interested in this item. The Purdue Ward Association is co-op-erating with the Red Cross and the Student Union in collecting the clothes and other items. EE Graduate Made Commerce Official 0. M. Booher, EE ’08, has recently signed a three year contract to serve as secretary of the Kokomo ^Chamber of Commerce. Since his graduation in 1908 Booher’s career has been closely connected with the University. He was executive secretary of the Alumni Association, editor of the Purdue Alumnus, and has inaugurated many featuies of University life which are gradually becoming traditions. Among these was the idea to make the Union a memorial to the graduates who died in the World War, and it was he who suggested the bronze plaque bearing their names, which stands before the cross inlaid in the floor of the Union lobby. Oh Shucks! It's Only Gonna Be A Sewer Excavation north and east of the Civil Engineering Building is for a large sewer which will connect with the Memorial Union Building, Prof. C. M. Bushnell, superintendent of the physical plant, stated last
night.
Appearance of a power shovel on the north side' of the Civil Engineering Building yesterday excited considerable student comment. According to Bushnell, the sewer is being constructed simultaneously with the construction of the new Union addition.
Nona Reedy
Caravan Broadcast Features Chuck Coe's 'Purduvians'Today Nona Reedy, featured vocalist with Chuck Coe’s “Purduvians,” will be heard over WBAA this afternoon on the College Caravan program presented every Saturday afternoon from 1:30 to 2. Today the program will honor Northwestern University. As usual, the Caravan will announce current news items from various universities. Bill Adams, producer of the program, said, “Chuck Coe has a new and distinctive style of sweet swing arrangements which I believe will compare favorably with the best. The orchestra is small but their style of music is new; the students should like it.” The program will be given from rooms 1 and 2 of the Union, and is open to the public. College Caravan will return to the air Saturday, January 7. Headlining today’s Campus Varieties from 3 to 4 this afternoon will be Irvan Maury’s band with vocalist Darlene Mahns, and Ora Cudworth,, xylophone soloist. Cudworth will play “FligM of the Bumble Bee.” Also on the Varieties progi’am will be Benny Burns; the Rhythm Three composed of Jim Hoffman, Joe Martin, and Dick Pittenger, Russ Mock at the piano, and Pat Heine.
Mixer
Place Band Time. Price
Union Ballroom Bill Frayar Tonight, 9-12 p. m. One Dollar
January 5, to receive bids for electric wiring, heating and ventilating, and plumbing. Controller R. B. Stewart stated. Final decision will be made then on any changes in plans necessary to stay within the total cost. Plans for the new section were drawn by Walter Scholer, local architect. Doubles Ballroom The new west addition, which will extend to within 75 feet of the library, will contain a new ballroom of equal size to the present one and adjoining it on the north. It will also add several more dining rooms and a number of student organization offices. The new residence or east wing will double the living facilities of the Union, increasing the rooms for men students, unmarried men on the faculty, and transient guests to 126. Both of the successful bidders are Purdue graduates, Kemmer in 1902 and Kettlehut in 1921. Kemmer has built many campus structures, having recently completed two new units to the men’s residence halls and the foundation of the new music hall. Due to favorable conditions and efficiency of the Kemmer Co. the foundation of the music hall was finished before the scheduled time, and construction of the rest of the building is awaiting plans. Kettlehut has just completed the foundation of the new chemical engineering building. Music Hall Contracts Next Contracts for the construction of the proposed music hall will be awarded at the regular meeting of the Board of Trustees January 18. The board also accepted the new agricultural chemistry building that was built by Wm. P. Jungclaus Co. of Indianapolis. Other bids besides Kemmer’s were as follows: Geo. A. Fuller Co., Chicago, $490,000; B-W Construction Co., Chicago^ $465,000; J. L. Simmons Co., Indianapolis, $452,350; Indiana Construct. Co., Ft. Wayne $515,000; and Walbridge-Aldinger Co., Detroit, $483,000. Pedalion... . . . social sorority, announces the pledging of Carolyn Ashbaugh, HE ’41, of Pontiac, Mich.
Purdue Research Foundation Gives Thinkers Chance
To supplement a series of articles that appeared in last year’s Exponent, and to keep students and faculty of the University up to date concerning recent developments in educational research as carried on about the campus, we will publish in this and subsequent issues articles covering the activities of the various department. By R. E. Insley Recent transformation of modern society from a cut-and-try routine to a highly complicated machine has thrown the door wide open to intensively trained creative and objective thinkers. In response to this demand for trained and skilled fundamental thinkers, educational institutions and private enterprise have laid the foundation of a system whereby these objective thinkers may be segregated and given the means with which to continue along their constructive and chosen path. Increased Education Purdue long ago realized the educational value in scientific research and became aware of the opportunities it would open for students possessing unusual creative ability and
the faculty for directed creative and objective thinking. On May 1, 1928, the University Trustees created the Department of Research Relations with Industry to foster this educational procedure on the campus and to place its discoveries before interested industries for approval. Thus, i esearch was made to pay for itself, the i esearch worker receiving an equitable share of the lewaid paid by industry for his new development. However, with the rise of this new organization, there came the ever-increasing legal and financial responsibilities natural to such procedure, and hence the establishment of the Purdue Research Foundation. The Foundation, a private, non-profit organization, was inaugurated to accept, in behalf of the University, these responsibilities which did not fall within the authority of the Trustees. Plays Cupid Since its establishment, the Research Foundation has been inval-
uable’in obtaining from interested industry enormous funds with which several hundred students have been able tof realize their ambitions in research. In retui’n, industry has received the developments uncovered by the workers, thereby making it possible for industry to make rapid progress and corresponding increased profits. The students, fortunate enough to be backed by the Foundation in their respective ventures have added to their education at least 100 per cent. These individuals, graduated with advanced degrees awarded in their chosen schools, have, through their research, made themselves better able to accept the responsibilities of the positions for which they have been trained. t How About Patents? So much for organization, procedure, and personnel of campus research. How about the actual accomplishments of the 96 Foundation sponsored researches ? To date, 133 patent applications have been writ-
ten and many more will be forthcoming to protect these discoveries and inventions which are being made useful to society. Not only are these discoveries improving social and industrial conditions already existing, but they even go so far as to make new commercial enter-
prises possible.
To give the proper creative students the opportimity they have been seeking to develop their ideas, the Foundation has established annual graduate fellowships for every type of reseai’ch. Appi’oximately 20 such Foundation fellowships will be allotted to qualified students for the academic year beginning September, 1939. Fellowships range froip $600 to $1,000 in value depending upon the requirements of the research project. All this cooperation between industry, education, and creative thinking research workers, has resulted in placing Purdue one big step ahead of its competitors in the field of education.
Stewart To Direct Christmas Singing After Game Dec. 19 Immediately following the basketball game with Connecticut State on Monday night, students will gather in front of the Union for the annual all - campus Christmas carol sing. The Concert Choir, Glee Club, and instruments from the University Orchestra, gathered on the balcony outside the Faculty Lounge and overlooking the yard, will form a nucleus to lead the car-
oling.
A public address system will be used to carry announcements and a screen will be provided upon which the words of the songs will be projected. According to A. P. Stewart, director of campus musical organizations, the sing will include carols, such numbers as “Jingle Bells,” and special numbers by the choir. Stewart stated last night that “the sing will not be long.” As an added attraction the Union cafeteria will set participants up to free doughnuts and coffee, according to Union
officials.
To aid in the Yuletide spirit of caroling, nine of the more familiar songs have been printed in leaflet form for the benefit of student organizations who desire them, and may be obtained by sending a representative to the music office in Eliza Fowler Hall. Staff Members Attend Forestry Convention Several visiting forestry educators who have been inspecting the work of the University forestry department for several days have gone with members of the Purdue forestry staff to the annual meeting of the American Society of Foresters at Columbus, O. The visitors were entertained at luncheon Thursday at the Memorial Union Building by the forestry department and various University officials. Those here included Dean Samuel Spring of the New York State College of Forestry at Syracuse; Lyle Watts, Milwaukee, Wis., regional forester for the U. S. Forest Service, and Professors Young, Allen, Craig, and Farnsworth of the University of Michigan forestry and conservation department. The Purdue staff members who went with them to the meeting at Columbus included Profs. B. N. Prentice, T. E. Shaw, Dan Denuyl, C. G. Geltz, R. C. Brundage, O. M. Davenport, and A. M. Herrick.
Boo!
Tentative schedules ^or first semester examinations appeared yesterday on campus bulletin boards. This sour note in the rising tide of holiday spirit should be a gentle reminder to all students who have been oblivious to the proximity of semester examinations.£dikhiaL
THE PDBDHE EXPONENT
J'SUXiWUlA,
Saturday, December 17, 1938
Christmas-time...
... programs jvill highlight the University’s recreational calendar during the last halfweek of school before vacation begins next Wednesday afternoon. Last night independent students danced among Yuletide decorations and received gifts from the hands of a PIA Santa Claus at their semi-formal dance.
Tomorrow, at the regular University religious convocation, the Glee Club will proclaim the advent of Christmas by singing a dramatized cantata, “The Birth of Christ:” Two choirs, each boasting 90 voices, will sing carols to the accompaniment of two string ensembles and a brass quartet. This convocation offers an unusual chance to hear most of the University’s musical talent in action on one program. ,
Monday and Tuesday two Christmas-time drives for the benefit of Lafayette’s poor families are scheduled. The Purdue Ward Association will sponsor collection of old clothes Monday in the Union faculty lounge.
Tea dancing in the Union ballroom Tuesday afternoon wifi cost each dancer one toy or one article of canned goods. Under the sponsorship of the Student Union, this special Christmas tea dance will offer a useful service in addition to the recreational opportunity. These drives will contribute creditably to the welfare program in Lafayette and West Lafayette if students do their part by patronizing the tea dance and by bringing their old clothes to the Union. ,
Knowing Human Nature...
. . . and realizing that students enjoy singing in large groups the Student Union has arranged a University Carol Sing to be held in front of the. Union Building after Monday night’s basketball game. With the cooperation of the musical organizations, an attractive program has been planned, including free refreshments and special selections by the choirs and glee clubs.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congresd of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 58.00 per year, mail subscription $3.B0.
Editor-In-Chief. H. I. Stanback Business Manager........... ;...R. R. Hensler
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor... ..L. S. Hardin City Editor...„ D. A. Bailey Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. 0. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager..... M. C. Reeves Local AdvMtising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager .W. F. Berg Sales Manager.;. V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager ,. W. E. Smith Art Director ;.. D. J. Hennihger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor.
Associate Editors ........ Joy Johnson,
..Sally McKee
Georgeann Sch|llin'g, Betiy Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Associate Editors J.
R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard
..R. L. McDonald I. A. Hebbeler,
EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVEHTISINO BV
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago • Boston ' Los Angeles - San Francisco
This newspaper is written, edited, and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AH opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University vievirpoirit.' All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Frederick Issue Editor—’Donahue Saturday, December 17, 1938
chance to participate iq the same sort of out-
Summer school sings have always been popular, but have never had a counterpart during the regular sessions. This carol sing is intended to give every Purdue student a
into
door, group singing that%as proved itself so popular during the summer. Just to make sure that no one can complain of forgetting the words to the old familiar carols those in charge have arranged to project them on a screen which will hang from the Union faculty lounge balcony.
otsdisAA to the Editor
Students Are Poor Sports
Dear Editor: We wonder if the students at Purdue know the meaning of the word Sportsmanship ? After the disgusting way in which the student body booed every decision the officials of Wednesday night’s game made, it is evident that they do not. We don’t believe that we have ever gone to a ball game at Purdue where the crowd did not criticize the officiating. Not only that, they also boo and make insulting remarks about the players on the opposing team. Purdue has always been known for its fighting teams both in foot-
ball and in basketball; the Purdue students are noted for their poor sportsmanship. Their conduct is a disgrace to their school and to the team. We only hope that someday we will see Purdue students who will conduct themselves as gentlemen and sportsmen. J. W. Canels, ME ’39. G. C. Foxworthy, Sc ’39.ijJerry Johnson, Ph ’39.
Carolyn Hedderick Wins New 4-H Award
Concert Choir Sings
Before Rotary Club
Traveling to Turkey Run and Rockville Wednesday, December 14, the University Concert Choir sang before the Rotary Clubs of Crawfordsville and Rockville at Turkey Run State Park Hotel and at the Methodist Episcopal Church in Rockville. Director and Mrs. Albert P. Stewart chaperoned the trip which was made by chartered bus.
The second of two awards made to Carolyn Hedderick, HEc ’42, at the 4-H Club Congress in Chicago was a pen drawing of “Treasm’e Island,” now exhibited on the Home Economics bulletin board. The drawing was made by John T. McCutcheon, owner of the island immortalized by Robert Louis Stevenson. An Electrolux was the first award Miss Hedderick received at the Congress. A winner in the Pood Preparation Record Contest, Miss Hedderick was also given an opportunity to meet Ethel Barrymore after the presentation of “White Oaks” and received an autographed photograph of Miss Barrymore.
No Party Is Complete Without Toy Favors
We have just the type of toy or favor that will add much to the enjoyment of your fraternity or sorority dinner fiance.
Purdue 5c & 10c Store
YOUR PROBLEMS SOLVED! We Prepare Scholarly Book Reviews, Debates, Essays, Papers, Speeches, Graduation Theses. Any subject promptly. 50c per typed page. Also Translations (All Languages) reasonably.
EXPERT RESEARCH CO. Box 36 Jackson, Ga.
ARC
LAST DAY-
Direct Through Service Lafayette to New York City SPECIAL TRAIN
Wednesday, December 21st
Lv. Lafayette
Arr. Indianapolis
Arr. Cleveland Arr. Buffalo
Arr. Albany
Arr. New York
4:15 P.M.,C.T.,Dec. 21 5:15 P.M.,C.T.,Dec.21 11:30 P.M., E.T., Dec. 2i 2:55 A.M.,E.T.,Dec.22 8:40 A.M.,E.T.,Dec.22 11:45 A.M., E.T., Dec. 22
Coaches. Dining Car serving moderate priced meals. Students for Boston and other New England points change at Albany. Tickets for the above points must be arranged for and purchased at STUDENT SENATE OFEICE, ROOM "A,” UNION BUILDING, between the hours of 4:00 P. M. and 6:00 P. M. Daily; Saturday, 1:00 P, M. to 5:00 P. M. For reduced fares and service to other points, call Big Four Station, Phone 6303.
Blew York Central System (Big Fonr Route)
gScIlikKiBii •MAlLORy
also
-SUN.-MON.— “Vivaioiis Lady”’ “Goodbye Broadway”
“March of Time”
Well, here is another Saturday and outside of a couple of beer parties and every fraternity on the campus giving a dance tonight— nothin’is doing.
What has happened to Joe Boy JOHN DEAN, it seems that all he is able to date these days are co-eds that have pins. It looks as if JOHN might be strapped in that trunk with Eckstein, that skunk.
We read by the papers that the Sig Ep’s won the swimming races. That was a sure thing, as that ol’ saying goes “like a fish takes to water, so do the Sig Eps.”
We have slipped up oh a choice bit this last week but better late than never. It seems that JOHN DECKERT, SAE had a date with MARJORIE BAUMGART, Pi Phi ‘pledge, for the Bra^vl and they spent the evening in the Sweet Shop drinking a coke special. Don’t you Pi Phi’s have any control over your pledges?
There was a notice on the bulletin board in the Debris office the other day saying the Chi O’s had their mistletoe out and all the eds on the staff Were formally invited to give the weeds a try out.
The Kappa furnace went on the bum last Thursday night and the girls spent the evening answering phone calls from eds that were willing to offer their services—shall we say—house warming.
JERRY CIRAL of the PI K A house is carr37ing around a ^lot of new car folders and buying Debris an stuff. Now just how much did you coin out of the election JERRY. You should have used a little tact and waited a day or so before you started on that spending spree.
Ag Staff Will Hold Party Wednesday
Plans have been completed for the annual ag staff Christmas party which will be held in the Union Building at 8:30 p.m. Wednesday, December 21. Provisions have been made for dancing, cards, and other, forms of entertainment. Members of the agricultural clerical staff will be guests at the party. Invitations have also been extended to all members of the agricultural faculty and the agricultural research and extension staffs.
mm
STARTS TOMORROW
m MAY BE A KNIT-Wir ,..but I love yov f roly I*
Two grand youngsters in the swellest comedy romance of the year!
—LAST DAY— BONITA GRANVILLE
“NANCY DREW, DetBctiye”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Udity
n
“I don’t think it’s a very good car—Mrs. Jones had one only a week when she smashed it up!”
YWCA Plans Party For Lafayette Unfortunates
YWCA will hold an open Christmas service in the women’s lounge at 4 p. m. Monday. Jean Shake will read a Christmas story, and special music vsdll be presented along with group carol singing. The committee in charge of the program consists of Martha Baker, Thelma Bugher, and Ruth Wattleworth. All co-eds may attend this pre-holiday service, according to those in charge.
LAST CALL FOR CHRISTMAS Save Up to 35%
Lafayette
Sporting Goods
Corner Fifth and Ferry Sts.
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis
J. SPERB 822 Main
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30
The ALL-AMERICAN BOY STAR
... In the picture all America will take to its heart!...
— Also — Nick Stuart and Orchestra
TODAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS
“CALL OF THE YUKON” with RICHARD ARLEN Plus “A MAN TO REMEMBER”
LUHA
SUN.-MON.
—LAST DAY-
Gene Autry in “PRAIRIE MOON”
Glenda Farrell in
‘EXPOSED”
STARTS TOMORROW
BOLDEST DRAM4 IN lO YEARS! . .
Joan as a dancing bridel 5 great stars in M-G-M'$ most exciting love-dramat
JOAN
CRAWFORD MARGARET SULLAVAN
ROBERT MELVYH YOUNG’DOiGLMl FAYBAIIITER
—LAST DAY— CONSTANCE BENNETT
“SE;RVICE DELUXE”
>■ b
mmmSaturddiy, D^cembdr 17» 1938
THE PURDUE
S£W%iJL -iuT_ninn-
EXPONENT
Eight Boxers Win Berths On University Golden Gloves Team
Purdue Cagers Tackle DePaul Netmen Tonight PROBABLE LINEUPS PURDUE Pos. DEPAUL Igney F Neu Fisher F Norris Anderson (C) C Gainer Dickinson G Skrodzki Beretta G Szukala OFFICIALS—Referee, Schommer, Chicago; umpire, Dickerson, Crawfordsville. A confident DePaul basketball squad, invading Purdue territory tonight, will attempt to break the Boilermaker winning streak by scoring, the same number of points they scored last year and keeping the Boilermaker total less. A sturdy, streamlined Gold and Black team, flushed with two victories over highly touted teams, will attempt to stop the Blue Demon quintet featuring Bob Neu, DePaul’s record breaking high scorer. Although the Big Ten title holders are still seeking the best com- I’® expected, the final score bination for their hardwood con- being 60-60. Scarlet and Blue coltests, they will try to continue their bearers, averaging over six feet winning ways against a brilliant height, will try to avenge the deDePaul squad that is backed with feat. a record of over 120 victories as Coach Lambert will have a choice against 37 losses in the last nine of four forwards for starting men years. Last year’s high-scoring bat- as Hutt and Zink, veteran Boilertie between Purdue and the Blue makers may start in place of Igney Demons, is an indication of the con- and Fisher.
Special Student Buses LEAVE LAFAYETTE DECEMBER 21ST AT 5 P. M. for New York $17.50 Round Trip South Bend 4.35 Round Trip Fort Wayne 4.30 Round Trip PHONE 2105—2151 FOR RESERVATIONS
A Brighter Yuletide Christmas candles are burning brightly with high hopes for a Merry Christmas. Our wish for each of you is in harmony with this spirit, bringing you our sincere hope for a truly Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. dhL fiuuvdm, \ TlfbmiftmL TAmofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Boilermaker Squash Team Will Meet lAC Squad On New Courts A combined Varsity and faculty squash team will meet a challenging Indianapolis Athletic Club team at two o’clock this afternoon in the new courts at the Pieldhouse gym. This contest will be the first in a series of three meets between the Boilermaker squashmen and the representatives of the Indianapolis Athletic Club. Spectators will have ample room to witness the match because the court has a new balcony overlooking the contestants. Lineup Purdue men participating will be Captain Sokolowski^^Clevett, Jackson, Eberhard, LaBree, Juve, Knoll, Blitz, Jackson, Patrick, Morley, and Blessing. Fuente and Fant will substitute if necessary. “The Indianapolis A. C. is sending a 12-man team and will give the Eiveters a fast battle,” states Coach Clevett. Varsity Wrestlers Meet Fresh Today Facing a tough freshman team today at 3:30 p. m. in the Fieldhouse, varsity grunt and groan artists will grapple with the rhinies in an intersquad meet. The meet will be held under the new Big Ten ruling which raises the weight of the 118 and 125 pound classes to 121 and 128 pounds respectively. Pairings are: Fultz vs. Safford, 121 pounds; Berkheiser vs. Roche, 128 pounds; Allmon vs. Fredericks, 135 pounds; Papurca vs. Malinquist, 146 pounds; Willy vs. Caperman or Johnson, 155 pounds; Post vs. Jensen, 166 pounds; B^rown vs. Ruggieri, 176 pounds; and Aronson or Schreiber vs. Rossi, heavyweight.
Nova Defeats Farr In Garden Bout Lou Nova staged a brilliant comeback during the last few rounds of his fifteen round bout with Tommy J5’arr last night to win a decision over the Welshman. By virtue of this victory, Nova may get a chance to meet Joe Louis, present world heavyweight champion. The fight took place in New York’s Madison Square Garden.
Independent— (Continued from page 1)
sentative Lee Holman from the University of Michigan speak on “Policies and Objectives of the Independent Associations.” At a dinner in the reception room Martha Whitehead, soloist, sang “Ah,Sweet Mystery of Life,” and “Remember Me.” Fred Baase played “Twelfth Street Rag,” “College Medley,” “The Gentleman Awaits,” and other selections on the xylophone. R. E. Heine was toastmaster keeping the group in constant uproar of laughter at his humorous stories and quips. Christmas Dance Following the dinner delegates were guests of PIA at the annual Christmas dance, at which the Irvan Maury orchestra played for 600 couples. Chaperones were presented with gifts by a “Santa Claus.” Today’s program is as follows: breakfast at 8:00 o’clock: discussion on “Better Housing Campaign,” led by R. E. Heine, PIA vice-president, at 8:46-10:15 in rooms 1 and 2; discussion on “Methods of Independent House Organization,” led by Phil Westbrook of the University of Michigan at the same time; and the final discussion “Finance,” led by Stanfield Taylor of the University of Illinois at 10:30-11:46. The conference will end at noon today.
Merry Christmas The attitude of one friend toward another during the holiday season is the spirit we wish to convey to you. Krabbe Coal Co, 17th and Union Phone 2077
We invite students to open a charge account —Pay in small weekly or monthly payments Phone 2383 DAME & WILSON 633 Main Street Next Door to Luna Theatre
Near Capacity Cr5wd Sees Final Bouts; Complete 16-Man Squad Is Announced Eight boxers were selected to fill the remaining positions on the Purdue Golden Gloves team last night by virtue of their winning bouts in the final round of the elimination tournament. At the completion of nine excellent matches which entertained a near capacity crowd in the Fieldhouse last night, announcement was made of the sixteen fine boxers who will represent Purdue in the greater Lafayette tournament.
Threlfall Defeats Slate
First PFA Wins Annual ROTC Swimming Meet Copping first place in three of seven events, the 1st PFA nosed out the 2nd PFA to win the annual brigade swimming meet held m the Fieldhouse Thursday evening. Captain S. A. Beckley, athletic superintendent, was in charge. A gold medal and one citation was awarded to each man placing first. Second place winners received silver medals and four merits, while third place winners were given a bronze medal and two merits.
and ^Jder
By Georgann Schilling
From the field of sports comes John McCarthy of the New York Giants to the campus today. McCarthy, who plays first base on the New York Giants team, will chaperone the Beta Theta Pi dance tonight at the chapter house. Tonight is also the time set for the Sigma Chi dinner dance, the Sigma Nu Christmas formal, the Phi Delta Theta formal, and Christmas dances of SAE and ATO. —H-H— It seems that a fellow columnist at the University'of Illinois doubts either the quality or the quantity of Purdue’s pulchritude. We found the following item in his column: “Headline from the Purdue Expo-nent—^‘Ninety-Six Co-eds Enter the Debris Beauty Contest!’ (Editor’s
The first match of the evening
resulted in J. B. Threlfall defeating Floyd Slate after three rounds of close fighting to win the second position in the 118 pound class on the Purdue team. In the fourth bout of the evening, Jones failed to follow up his advantage when he opened a cut over Murphy’s left eye and lost
the decision of the judges. In the next match, P. E. Keffaber
overcame the disadvantage of a Clamped left hand and a badly blackened left eye t odefeat his opponent Keller and wirf a position on the team in the 147 pound class. J. K. Lord and “Black” Diamond fought the closest bout of the evening in the 175 pound class with the final judges’ decision going to the
more experienced Lord. Lyles Downs Freeman
Sandy-haned Lariy Lyles won an easy victory over blonde Dick Freeman to captuie a position on the team in the 175 pound class. W. E, Biadley and R. V. Youkey battled for the second position in the 147 lb. class with Bradley receiving the most marks and winning the judges’ decision. The remaining exhibition matches resulted in Fultz defeating Grubbs in the 112 pound class, Marson defeating Pyle in the 135 pounS 'Class, and Pence winning from Jockewicz in the heavsrweight class by virtue of
a technical knockout.
The complete Purdue team is as follows: Fhltz and Grubbs, 112 pound class; Mui'phy and Hardesty, 126 pounds class; Marson and Pyle, 136 pound class; Keffaber and Bradley, 147 pound class; Bacharach and Dlits, 160 pound class; Lord and Lyles, 175 pound class; and Pence and Jockewicz, heavyweights.
Note: What happened to the other one?)” Some call it humor, but we call it—well!
A HfHniLTOH
< HE. HAS A • MERRV XMAS
RICHARD J. BATH, Jeweler 605 MAIN ST. PHONE 6377
(L {jJffuL jto ihsL YOU GIVE YOURSELF
A CHRISTMAS GIFT When YOU HAVE YOUR CLOTHES CLEANED BY
WuitSuteObai
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081Wesley Foundation To Present Special Christmas Service Wesley Foundation will present a s'pecial Christinas service in the main auditorium of the West Lafayette Methodist church tomorrow at 6:30 p. m. W. D. McEachron will play the organ and a Christmas story will be told by Miss Ann Pierce. After the worship service, at 7:30 p. m., the audience and choir combined will go to the homes of aged and shut-in people of West Lafayette and sing Christmas carols for them. The caroling will end at the Wesley Foundation house at approximately 10 p. m. where refreshments will be served. All students are invited to participate in the evening’s celebration. Sigma Alpha Epsilon... . . . social fraternity, announces the formal initiation of seven men December 10. Those initiated^ include J. M. Croxell, New Albany; D. L. Douglass, New Philadelphia, O.; J. E. Henderson, Chicago, 111.; G. W. Hearne, Cincinnati, 0.; W. M. Guard, Pleasant Ridge, O.; J. P. Slater, West Lafayette; and W. J. Neff, Madison, Wis.
3booxL (ULl. Sorority Settlement House Exhibits Handicraft Work Handicraft articles made by mountain people, who are taught at the Pi Beta Phi soroi-ity settlement house in Gattinburg, Tenn., are on exhibit and are offered for sale on the second floor of the Home Economics building. Proceeds from the sale of handicraft work are the means of support for the settlement house which was founded and is supported by Pi Beta Phi chapters. Mats, towels, purses, and luncheon sets are woven with colorful designs which have been used since the founding of the school.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
MISCELLANEOUS
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Brown half-belt overcoat with middle, button missing. Left in room 312, Purdue Hall, Wed., December 14. Reward. Call 35681. Buell.
FOR SALE
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
FOR SALE!—1937 V-8 coach. Good condi-. tion. 8386. 306 N. 18th. Call after 6. Phone 66943 Chapman.
tLe
(^Lndtma^ ^or’wiais
T /J
'orwiaii We Recommend
ORCHIDS
GARDENIAS
ROSES
VIOLETS
JkoILs ^ionit Luna Theatre Building Phones 7955^8050
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Florists
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Professional
• jewelers
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19’/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Locksmith
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
"C CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING
Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Dine
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk lo<^, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac--essories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phon# 2828
Thanking all of our customers for their very Generous Patronage during the last year. Merry Christmas to All FRANK'S PLACE
YWCA To Hold Christmas Service Monday At 4 i>. m. Edna Schwab, chairman of the YWCA Settlement House committee, announced last night that the committee, announced last night that the committee is planning a party for the unfortunate children of Lafayette’s south side. The party will be given from 3:30 to 4:30 Tuesday afternoon at the Settlement House. Members of YWCA will decorate the house with Christmas decorations. The children will engage in games and carols, and will hear a Christmas story read.
Scabbard and Blade: New members please obtain cutlesses at Triangle house as soon as possible. —TREECE.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable'’ machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. EbershoR, 605 Main street.
JUNIOR BALLROOM CLASS 8th Grade and High School ENROLL Saturday, Dec. 17,6:30 p. m. No Lessons During Holidays ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Check Up for Christmas Driving Be ready for any winter emergencies. You can start home with assurance of good safe driving. BURNHAM'S LUBRITORIUM STATE AND MAIN, W. L.
Give Them Gifts They Wantpractical Gifts!
BETERHAND BAGS In buffalo grain, plain calf and suedes. All quality bags in the newest patterns and colors. $2.98 MEN’S NECKWEAR It’s "Tybest” the tie that ties up into a perfect knot. All the new colors and patterns. 55c and $1.00 SMART LUGGAGE All leather Overnight Cases for Ladies in 18 and 23 inch sizes. In a price range from $5.00 to $12.50
THIEME & WANGERIN COMPANY 622-626 Main Street
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the second semester registration', 'January 81-Pebruary 1, are requested to make application,, if possible, before leaving for the holidays, on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office. Those with previous experience at registration or in other clerical work will be given preference. —STONE.
WAA Riflery: No riflery next week, Practice will continue after Christmas vacation. —SMITH.
her 17, at 6 instead o^ 7. as was previously announced. Don’t forget the gift exchange. —^BEUOY. Purdue Christian Foundation: Caroling party will meet at 117 N. Main St., West Lafayette, and leave from there at 8:30 p. m., Tuesday, December 20. All members and friends are invited. —fink. \
her 17. All committeemen ihust be present. —AYASITN. Cosmopolitan Convention Dinners Dinner will be held Sunday; December 18, at 6:80 p. m. Faculty, townspeople, and students are invited. 'Tickets cost 76c. All reservations must be sent to Prof. Baldwin by Saturday noon, December 17. —AYASUN.
Scrivener: JNo meeting Sunday, December 18. Meetings will be on Thursdays after the holiday. —JUSTIN. Union Sophomores: It is very urgent that the following report to the workshop at 1 p. m. Saturday, December 17: Jansing, Ahlvin, Brodd, Reed, Brooks, Sheets, Crow, Van Hook, Cadwallader, Hoffer, and Hammon. —KANY, DINARS. , Glider Club: Aspirants for Frankfort, Michigan, soaring expedition call me Friday. —EADE.
Aeronautical and Automotive Engineers: Meeting Monday, December 19, at 4 p. m. in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building., Attendance is optional. —POTTER.
M. E. 30 Thermodynamics: Makeup period for students absent from tests numbered'4, 6, and 6 will be Monday, December 19, at 4 p. m. in room 207, M. E. building. —MUNRO.
Modern Dance Groups: Practice of both advance and beginning groups every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday until Wednesday, December 21, in the Women’s Gym at 4 p. m. —NEWMAN. Christian Science Organization; Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, December 20, in room C of the Union at 7:30 p. m. • ■ —MACK.
Marionette Club Workers: Anyone interested in working in the Marionette Club see me Tuesday, December 20, in the Union workshop. —GRIER.
Purdue Engineer: The following men will report to the Engineer office at 1:16 p. m. on Saturday, December 17: Leckie, Lawler, McClintock, Stephens, Worthington, Sturm, Shooter. —SQUIRES.
Episcopal Students: Corporate Communion will be held Sunday morning, December 18, followed by a breakfast in Parish House. , —THORTON.
All Students Living on Rural Routes and in Lafayette: Please call for your activities charts any afternoon, except Saturday or Sunday, between 2-6:30 p. m. Bring your passports or schedule card. All charts must be called for before Wednesday, December 21. —SMITH.
Mortar Board: Christmas party Tuesday, December 20, instead of Thursday as announced, For time of dinner see Georganna Huber. —WOOD.
Undergraduate Dames: Potiuck supper at the C. G. Isenbarger home tonight, Decem-
Cosmopolitan Club Convention Committees: Meet in room 214, University Hall, at 4 p. m. every day until Saturday, Decem-
Alpha Phi Omega: Transportation is being arranged for a group gojng to Terre Haute Sunday, December 18, to install a new chapter there. Any members interested please call me as soon as possible at 6779. —WADLEIGH.
Have Your HAT GLEANED by Grown BEFORE GHRISTMAS Don't take a chance with Santa, he may not bring you a new one,“-wear a clean hat on Christmas. ©nearj FINE C L E A'N E R S O F F I N E C L O T H *E S OF FIC E AT TOP OF THE HILL tmm GREYHOUND GO ANY TIME DEC 15 TO JAN. 1—RETURN LIMIT JAN. 10 Here’s a present everybody will appreciate—special excursion fares for your Holiday travel by Greyhound! Enjoy a Super-Coach trip in an atmosphere that’s as jolly and warm as Bie Christmas spirit— at less than half driving cost. Buy extra gifts with your savings!
Sample Round Trip Excursion Fares ^’Chicago, III $3.90 Dayton, O. $5.85 =:=Hammond, Ind 3.30 Columbus, O. 8.05 Cincinnati, O. 5.70 Pittsburgh, Pa T3.90 Louisville, Ky 6.10 Washington, D. C... 20.90 New York N. Y., $17.50—Charter Coach Only ■r 12 day limit. UNION BUS DEPOT GREYHOUND TERMINAL Phone for Reservations 5th and Ferry Sts. Phone 2105
li
<}IFT IDEAS We have a fine selection of exclusive and unusual gift ideas. Our costume jewelry will delight any ‘woman— young or old. A fine gift for “the” man is a candid camera. Come in and let us show them to you.
THE FOSTER SHOP
Phone 4900
109 N. 4th Street