't. M-
^ ''’^ ;;VvV''?/'; CV;. ;‘:;;-tf., -, c.,' ;- -, ;; - ' :*''' ■'-■ '-‘/v - ■ 1. ''
it : i" , J\
' ,* / .V '
, 9
^Ohio St., ^2; Illinois, 41 Minn., 48; Indiana, 47
Establifihed 188S
xfjxme4it W Brotherhnnrl
Edit Disctissos Brotherhood Week
Volume SB, No. 117
Purdue University, West Ljifayettfi, Indiana
Saturday, February 19, 1944
Hardwood Squad Downed By Hawkeyes, 46-43
University Inaugurates
t*'' 'fe'i'' i!
New Telephone System In order to help students learn how to use the new telephone system, inaugurated for better seiwice, which will become effective today at 1 p. m., here are instructions for telephoning under the new exchange. For local calls, first determine whether the telephone to be used is connected to the University's Private Automatic Branch Exchange. A PABX telephone ‘
Booths Will Furnish Entertainment At Carnival Of Pennies Penny Carnival, sponsored by Sportswomen, women's athletic honorary, will open for business tonight at 7:30 p.m. in the Women’s Gym. Booths will be operated by sorori-
will be marked with the letters
PAX on the dial.
When calling from a PABX telephone, use the following instructions: to call another PABX telephone, dial only the number shown after the prefix 92, which indicates that the phone to be
called is a PABX telephone. Dial 0 For Outside Line
To call a Lafayette or West Lafayette Exchange telephone, dial 0 to obtain an outside trunk line and
then proceed to dial the number to girls* cooperatives, and the re^be called as usual. "idence halls. Some of the concesWhen making a (fall from a PABX sions that will be featured are: a telephone on which there is no dial, fortune telling bboth operated by lift the receiver and -when the op- Alpha Zi Delta members, a booth erator answers, state the number to ^^e Phi Mu’s entitled simply be called. The operator will then “Sadie Hawkins,” a ball toss game
place the call while the dialer waits
on the line.
Calls From Union To make a call from a dial telephone in the Union, lift the receiver and when the operator answers, ask for “outside” if the call is for a Lafayette or West Lafayette Exchange telephone; or ask for “inside” if the call is for another PABX phone. When the operator has made the trunk connection, the caller may proceed to dial the number to be called, omitting either the prefix 0 in the one case or the'prefix 92 in the other case. For information or to report trouble concerning any telephone, call the Purdue operator by dialing 1, except in the Union where it is necessary only to lift the receiver to call the operator. Calls From Lafayette When calling from a Lafayette 0!p West Lafayette Exchange telephone, to call a PABX telephone, dial the complete number as told, including the prefix 92. For infor-
Father Cardinal
Dr. R. F. Jenner
Dr. Bamberger
Brotherhood Week Closes
run by the Alpha Chi Omega’s, a pig-ringing enterprise sponsored by Delta Gamma, and a Penny Arcade
by the Pi Beta Phi House.
South and Wood Halls are cooperating in a booth called “Woo Pitch”. Co-ops are also offering a variety of booths; GtSnwood, “Blowing Up Eggs”; Novadale, a ring toss game with large i-ings to be tossed over a girl, and Shoemaker House, a shoeshine booth. Other houses have not
announced their projects.
While booths are offering their wares, dance specialties, a ropetwirling specialty, and a pei’formance by Triton will be going on from 8:30 to 9 p.m. From 9:30 until 11 p.m. there will be dancing in the north gym. Dates will not be necessary, since 26 hostesses will be helping out with the dancing. Ruth Rule, president of Sportswomen, will announce the winners in the booth contest at 10 p.m. Two prizes will be offered to the houses competing; one for the booth judged to be the most original and attractive and one for the booth that col-
University
To Graduate
148 Seniors
President E. C. Elliott will confer
Fowler Hall will be the scene of a mass meeting tomorrow night at 8 p.m. which will climax the observance of Brotherhood Week on the campus. Since many of the service men will not be able to attend the entire meeting because of regulations, there will also be an earlier meeting at 6:45 at the Wesley Founda-
WMC Releases Deferment Regulations Another ruling concerning stu-
148 degrees at commencement exer- tion building at which two movies dent draft status has been released the second theme, “Bataan,'
Tallies By Danner, Ives Spark Iowa Offensive
By Russ Lipes
^ One would think that a team that had performed like a bunch of beginners at the foul line all season long would take') ' heed and eliminate that handicap. Not so with the Boilermaky ers, and that game handicap finally caught up with them lasrc night as they bowed to Iowa, 46 to 43, at Iowa City- and also bowed out of first place in the Local Music Lovers Weakness at the free throw^ I' J" ^ line lost the game for the BoilLdUu Dutstdiluinfl ermakers, for when the final
5 tally was made it was found both
CumMltAmil teams had scored 17 field goals, and jyilipilOliy rrOyIdlll lo^a had cashed in on 12 charity
tosses while the Riveters were mak-
By Margaret Leets j^g only nine. The Hawkeyes had atLast night’s concert presented by tempted 23 charity shots while 'the the Indianapolis Symphony Orches- Riveters were attempting 18. tra in the Hall of Music was one i^es, Danner Top Scorers
of the most outstanding programs Iowa’s top scoring combination of of the season and was well attend- Dick Ives and Dave Danner, both ed, both by students and music- freshmen, led the Hawkeye attack lovers from* the city. headed^only once by the
The program was aivided into Boilermakers and that was in the
three parts. The first was a sym- first half. Ives captures scoring phonic Suite by Harl MacDonald, honors i for the evening with 22 an American composer, entitled points while Danner was second “My Country at War.” It consisted with 13 counters. Dennis Horn led of four movements. The first, “1941” the scoring for the visitors with 10 reflected'the martial spirit which points and Charley Haag was sec-
was then engulfing the world, and ond with nine points.
will be shown, according to Rev. W. H. Nibbelink, chairman of the
meeting.
The films concern our Mexican ally and are entitled “The World
We Want to Live In.”
Boy Scouts will raise the flag to
cises which will be held Sunday, February 27, at 2:30 p.m., in the Music Hall. The Board of Trustees and several distinguished guests
will be present. *
Mechanical Engineering school heads the list in numbers of degrees to be conferred. Thirty-one candidates will receive bachelor’s degrees. Other schools are as follows: Home Economics, twenty; Science, seventeen; Chemical Engineering, twelve;' Electrical Engi-
neeiing, Engineer ing, brotherhood Week is to be read
eight; Metallurgical Engineering,
FG FT PF
0
mation, dial 90.
For long distance calls from lects the most tickets
PABX telephones call the University operator and give all necessary information. The operator will then place the call with the Long Distance operator for you.
Long Distance
Long Distance calls ot be paid for by calling party personally may not be made and charged to University telephones as may be specifically approved by the Controllfer. In chse of emergency, which should be explained briefly to the University operator, a long distance call may be
The judges for the contest will be Dean Clare Coolidge, Prof. M. L. Clevitt, and Prof. Dorothy R. Bovee. General admission will be five cents, and any number of tickets may be purchased at the door ‘for a penny. These will be accepted as payment at the various booths.
six; Agriculture, six; Public Service Engineering, two; Forestry, and Trade and Industrial Education,
one each.
Twenty-one master’s degrees will -be conferred, as well as eleven doctor’s degrees. Two professional de-
grees will be given.
Doors Will Open At 1:30 P.M. Doors of the Music Hall will open at 1:30 p.m. Sunday for the public, who wilL enter thijpugh the lobby entrance at the rear of the Executive Building. No tickets are re-
quired for admittance.
The academic procession will be-
the _ Once during the game play was
by the University. Instead of the ^pathos and tragedy which were a so rough that the referees had to February 15 deadline for deferment ^y-pi’oduct. The third movement was call a halt and warn the contestants.
requests, the government has ex- f
movement, “Hymn of the People locked at 18-all.
tended the date to March 15. portrayed the ultimate and inevita- The summary: Students of draft age and yet un- ble victory of democracy. Purdue (43) ^ yeais of age must fill out 'pjjg second part of the progi'am Hoi;n, f . ..
start the mass meeting in Fowler 42—Spe- -^as changed somewhat. In the ab- Sokol, f . Hall. Following this, G. B. Wu, tissue copy for gence of Joseph Battista, Edwin Hoffman, f -2 president of the Chinese Student’s Diltcliff, concert pianist, presented Frazier, c 3
of Form WMC-NR-56. Those stu- t;he well-known Grieg Concerto in Kennedy, c 3 ...... that will graduate prior to Minor in two movements accom- Friend, g 1
President Roosevelt’s proclaination panied by the orchestra. Elliott, g 0
WMC-NR-66. Following the intermission the Haag, g 4 Students of 22 years of age or orchestra returned with Symphony — over must fill <fu t two copies of No. 1 in C Minor by Johannes Totals 17 Form 42 (white form) and one tis- Brahms, a dramatic transition from Iowa (46) FG sue copy for the Pi-esident’s office epic tragedy to victorious -triumph. Ives, f 8 file. Those students who will not This symphony also was presented Danner, f 5 graduate before July 1 will have to in four movements. The first, in -Herwig, c „ 1 fill out one copy of Form WMC-NR- which the i principle theme was an Postels, g 1 56 in addition. . enei’getic melody given to the vio- Kremer, g 2
Club, will read from the Chinese scriptures. Next on the program.
and the report of student discussion meetings will be pi’esented. Executive Dean Frank Hockeiiia will introduce the three principal speakers Who will elaborate on “Brothei'hood or Chaos,” according to their religious points of view. Dr. Fritz Bamberger, lecturer, author and educator, is to present the
Jewish views
Father Edward V. Cardinal, of the history faculty of Loyola University, will discuss the Catholic viewpoint; Dr. Ray Freeman ^Jenney, former athlete, traveler and present minister of the Bryn Mawr
9 18 FT PF
Totals 17 12 16
Staff members, including gradu- lins and the other a soft passage'by Spencer, g 0
ate assistants, have different forms the woodwinds, was entitled “Unpoto fill out. Information concerning co Sostenuto,” a simple tender these forms can be obtained from theme leading to a soulful oboe mel-
the President’s office in the Admin- ody.
istration Building.
^ ... . Community Church in Chicago, is to
gin assembling at 2 p.m. Candidates
Protestant problems. Dr. Jenney
Tau Beta Pi
for degrees will meet on the ground
floor of the Executive Building while has shown considerable interest in
the faculty will assemble on the first floor. The academic procession
will begin at 2:25 p.m.
service men and spent a month recently visiting army camps in the
south.
Candidates Will Vie For Senate Positions Monday Night At 8:30
Lowell Mead To Play At Mountaineer Stomp For Mixer Tonight
“Mountaineer Stomp” will be the
. . . national all-engineering honorary, announces the initiation of D. C. Ahd^rson, M. M. Cheney, H.
Nof'ice
„. , All civilian students who wish to placed from a PABX telephone by n. Davldon, J. K. Goldsmith, W. H. retain their gym lockers in the field-
asking the University operator to put it through collect or to have it charged to your home telep^^e. In making a long distance call to the University, give the complete telephone number exactly as it appears in the new directory. Lafayette information will intercept calls made to old telephone numbers and will give proper information to callers of those numbers for a period of one week after the new numbers become effective. New numbers should
Guernsey, R. P. Hummel, L. A. Koenig, J. R. McWhorter, R. L. Merrill, M. R. Pagliarulo, G. M. Palmer, W. K. Price, W. W. Schenler, T. H.
Spitler and E. Usdin.
house for next semester must sign the lenewal book in the check-room at the fieldhou^e before the end of this semester.
Pres. E. C. Elliott . . . left yesterday for Chicago to attend an educational conference today and Monday. He will deliver the commencement address to the graduating class at Illinois Institute of
Technology.
Un poco allegretto egrazioso, the third, began with a clarinet melody noteworthy for its rhythmic vitality, bold accents and syncopation. The sombre and dramatic beginning of the final movement. Adagio, ran swiftly forward toward the triumph
of the chorale.
Following the last number the
conductor took several curtain calls ^keme for tonight’s mixer in the and finally offered an encore from Union'. The back drop, which was
Student Senate will hold elections Lohengrin. designed by Bob Arnold, features a Monday at 8:30 p.m. in the Senate Out of a representative number hi^billy asking his Daisy Mae for office in the Union. Before elections of listeners attending the program, ^ dance. Lowell Mead and his orthe candidates for president, A1 100 per cent of those questioned an- chestra will play for both ballrooms Lindskoog and Jack Heinze, will swered that they enjoyed the pro- ^^nni 9 to 12 p.m. each give a short speech. Mary Ann gram and would like to hear more Two other dances will be held in Click and Mitzi Konicek will vie for of the same. Union this evening at 9 p.m. In secretaiy. Lewis Fischer is the'Siole The program was not broadcast the Grill, Chi Omega will present its
candidate for the office of treasurer, by WBAA.
War Council Will Conduct Special Book Drive
By Martha Lee Riggs - “Please send us difficult books, battalions, they are eager to attend
be given to those persons who call , , ^
regularly, either from local tele- We have time enou^ to spend a day lectures or to study in the evenings
in British universities, will give credits; and arrangements for the
phone or by long distance. List WEH Room Numbers
Telephone numbers for student rooms in WRH are listed in this issue of the Exponent. Telephones in student rooms will receive incoming local calls from 6:30 av m. to 10:00 p. m. Monday through Thursday, 6:30 a. m. to 11:00 p. m. on Friday, Gisi a.4rf. fip-12 p. m. on Saturday, an& from 6:30 a. m. to 11:00 p. m. on Sunday. Long distance calls will ba recejvifd qt all times, but outgoiiig long distance calls will not be
accepted from student rooms.
li is expected^that a complete new University directory, including information about students,* will be
published in April, 1944.
UNIVERSITY ORCHESTRA
on a page,” say the prisoners of “Universitrtis of Captivity” war m Europe. In all war-torn National Student Relief Commvtj. countries there are refugees, evac- tee is allowed to contact Allied prisuees, internees, and prisoners of war or>6rs through the neutral Geneva whose university studies weie m- Convention and has thus been able terrupted by the war and who would to establish “universities of captiagain have time to resume their vity” as Junds and books have been studies if books were available, available. Academic work has been Others, too, are requesting books set up in piactically all aits and scithey can concentrate on to resist ences, the sciences being moie poputhe diead “barbed wire disease” Subjects include mathematics, caused by boredom with prison ehemistry, electiicity, languages, camp life, rusting idle minds', and histoiy, physics, medicine, law, and depressed spirits. agriculture, which creat a demand Through the World Student Serv- t'oi' technical text books, ice Fund, for which the War Coun- “Universities of captivity” have cil is conducting' a drive on this been so well organized and the work campus beginning next week, stu- given of such high academic grade dents in American universities are that British universities have aigiven an opportunity to help less ranged to give credit for work done
fortunate fellow-students to
accrediting of prison camp studies of. Americans are being considered.
cr
Chinese Need Help
Chinese students have a peculiar
rise in them. Oxford, Cambridge, and the problem for which they need aid. viding prisoner
that
one college .student for 10,000 of the War Council’s campaign on this population (as compared to one per campus is for 6000 text books and 100 in the United States) to com-- other bound literatuie which stuplote his college education As more dents are willing to contribute to and more of China has been occu- be used in the prisoner student propied by Japan, these students hav^gram. Books much in demand which had to migrate in groups to a new campus students might be able to location to resume their s^Ludies. provide] are recent text books on Struggling against these odds, Chi- any subject, standard works of htnoso students need any help the erature, language study books, WSSF can give them. _ books of the professions, and books Since European Student Relief written in a foreign language. MagFund was able to provide 10,000 stu- azines cannot be sent, and advanced dent piisoners with study materials technical books of military signifiand a total of 39,000 books last cance will be censored-,A41 colleeyoar, requests for the supplies aio tions will be made iii the Boilermakbecomiifg more and more numerous, er Special and taken to the subIhose who have received help ex- basement of the Union wheie they pi ess deepest giatitude for the aie to be stored until they can be “books which have meant the dif- prepared by the war effort commit- .
ference between hope and despair to tee to be sent to the central office orian
tjicin.” Since the great problem of a in New York. (According to censor prison camp is that of morale, pro- regulations, all pencil and ink maik-
with books gives
new pledges at a formal dance. Music will be supplied by Carl Hep-
berg and his orchestra.
Phi Kappa Psi and Phi Gamma Delta will hold their annual Jeff Hop in the East and West Faculty Lounges. The AST dance band will play. Before the Hop there will bu a dinner for members and their dates at the College Inn of the Hotel Fowler. Since both fraternities were founded at Jefferson College, now Washington and Jefferson, eveiy year chapters of Phi Gamma Delta and Phi Kappa Psi on campuses all over the country celebrate their founding with a “Jeff Hop.” Formals will be in order for both
the dinner and the dance.
Theta Alpha Phi . . . national honorary dramatic fraternity, announces the following officers: Mary Lou Sternberg, president; Connie McCoid, vice president; Elaine Kail, secretary; George Sykes, tieasurer; Mary Lou Fair-
1- -1. 4T, i. - - - labels, stickeis, bookplates.
Debris picture will be taken in £he above the circumstances of their University ot London reahzijig that Realizing that his country needs them something to do >vith their inked stampings, perforated stampimprisonment. Even though most there are more Britons studying trained leadership veiy desperately, minds and hands that is also very ings, and library numbers on the
Music Hall at 3 p. m. today.
prisoners are kept busy in work now in prison camps than there are President Kai-shek has exempted profitable.
backs of books must be removed.)
EXPONENT AD STAFF
Important business meeting on Tuesday, Feb. 22, at 6:48, in ad
office.
Sr”'"- , ■ Iff:# 'V®' - ' ft r 4,m
I.
PurdwS Exponent
Saturday, February 19, 19M
Purdue Exponent ciT'mbined wifh'^ Purdue Independent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue. Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldtiouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m , 5377
Editor
Business Manaecr
News Editor Feature Editor
Manasini; Fditor Co-Sports Editors
Jim Richardson Mary Dilti Ruth Fori Katy Howef Pcs Steffe Russel Lipes Jim Ackerman
Publiearion Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors Martha Lee Risss Jean Yarsar Maisare Baynes ffimnita Garrett PeuBV Miner Pat Richardson Mario Pagliarulo Marion Donham Associate Sports Editors James F Ackerman Paul Garber William Garber Warren L Writ,ht Semce Staff Morris Better Gabriel Elias Leo Friedman Jack jfdartiro, Jay Newman Jerry Koetting Bob Baker
Business Staff Adyertising Manager C L Gaunt. Assistant AdvertismB Manager Betty Haney. Circulation Manascr B G Sauerman
Staff For This Issue NiBht Editor Pagliarulo Issue Editor Ehrmar Day Editor Garrett City Editor Rigg Sports Editor Wnght Reporters Snyder Goldman Goetz Lewis Streeter Mertz Gould Leets Ludlow Yargar Staff Photographer Marvin Peases Editor, The Purdue Independent Lyle Cris
Entered as second class matter at the post office In Lafay etta, Indiana under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in sectioi 1103 act of October 3 1BI7 authorized January 20, 1022 Published on Tuesday Thursday and Saturday mornings dur Ing the year except certain vacation periods Delivered daily by earner for $1 25 for a semester by mail for $1 60 for i Semester Subscriptions may be obtained at the Eximneni office or at the West Desk of the Union Represented for national advertising by National Advertls ing Service Inc College Publishers Representatives, 421 Madison Ave New York, N Y
Two Words End It!
In proclaiming the week of Washington’s birthday as Biotherhood Week, the President declared that “while we are engaged in a mighty struggle to preserve our free institutions and to extend the bqundaries of liberty on the earth, it is good for us to pledge renewed devotion to the f^pdamenthls uppn which this nation has been built ” The implication is quite clear: our armed fight to eliminate bigotry and its fruits on, other shores has to be supplemented by an unarmed, but nonetheless vigorous, fight against similar symptoms m our ownj midst This is insurance that our mission over there will not be futile Failure can only mean]
chaos
Brothel ho extends as an alternative, to chaos—bioL o hood It can’t be expiesseo moie teisely oi moie cleaily than that There IS no othei alternative Brotherhood is a wore with a scoie of definitions To understand it meaning, to stiess fis impoitance, to clarify its objectives is the puipose of the seven day that ha\ e been set aside Some good will come of it, but, at best, it will only be scratching the surface Talk is only good in that it presage^ action Talk can outline such action To stop theie will mean dismal failure To pietend, by ostrich-like behavior, that prejudice and intolerance does not exist m ouri midst 01 to turn our backs on it, is performing a disservice to ourselves, our soldier-sons and brothels and our country Only little children and big fools can fail to see that racial and religious groups aie victimized by either or both' social and economic prejudice It is important to underline the fact that prejudice and intolerance IS precisely the gimmick which Hitler used to conceal his real ambition of world en-; slavement. It is the gimmick which is being] used to keep his enemies fighting amongst each other Brotherhood is the alternative Not for one week—but, as has been suggested, for the other 51 is well. This year and next and next until bigotry and intolerance perish Brotherhood can never, must never mean, as has also been suggested, establishing “a place’’ for any minority It involves, instead, full acceptance of all our fellow men Brotherhood nevei ostracizes other human beings Brotherhood means respect for the human personality, it means treatment of another on the basis of woith, it means giving to those of other groups every right and dignity we want for ourselves Hrotherhood clearly means the extermination of all discrimination, intolerance and hatred. May we propose—and seriously so— that the best way to end it is to do simply that end it’ These two little woids are the key and the answer to a tremendous pioblem—and seemingly out of pi oportion with the gravity of the problem However, don’t dismiss these words with a tolerant smile or a skeptical “it’s not as easy as all that ” Burn these woids into your heart and mmd, and it’ll do away with the need for hours of talk and days of planning You’ll find, too, that it’s a most effective way of attaining a long-sought and worthy (to saj the least) end End it—in yourself, in youi neighborhood, in your camp, on your campus, 111 your tov\" End it—-tor we cannot fight each other and aw'd ^uiy alternative to broth erhood chao
^ VMSIIM$TOH . . T« U S f.l OH. MERRY-60-ROUHD
• y DRIW^PEA&SOH GilleHe Will Run Again If FDR Will Seek 4th Term; WPB Retards Tire Output WASHINGTON—Silver crested Senator Guy Gil lette has a keenly developed propensity for denying stones published in this column, and doubtless he will deny this one The fact is howevei that the othei day a friend of his sounded out the White House legaidihg the ques tion of Piesident Roosevelt lunning foi a fourth term Iowa Demociats have long been uiging Gillette to lun foi le eleciton, yet he has steadfastly hung back> The Senator is by all odds the most populai Democrat in Iowa and the only one who has a chance of going back to the Senate So when Iowa Demociats appealed lecently in Washington for the National Committee meeting State Committee Chan man Jake Moie urged, cajoled and demanded that Gillette run Finally, Gillette con sented But he attached one hig condition—if Presi dent Roosevelt also ran for leelection This biought smiles from some oThis friends, who lemembeied how the President had opposed Gillette in the “purge” primaries of 1938 However, Gillette apparently meant it and Jake Moie earned the mes sage to the White House 'MThere the matter stopped The Piesideiil as usual, maintained his sphinx like
silence
Jake Moie then went back to Iowa and, the othei day telegraphed the White House that Iowa Demo ciatic leaders had voted unanimously foi a fourth term When More’s telegram was shown to the Piesi dent, his only comment was “Oh yes, I lemembei meeting him here at the Na tional Committee meeting, fcharming fellow ” Note—The Piesident’s close friends do not expect him to say anything one way oi the othei about a fourth term until aftei thejlepublican National Con
vention
Navy Wasfe
Recently, this column reported in detail regarding waste at the U S Naval Air Station at Lakehurst, N J Since then, we are happy to report, drastic steps have been taken to remedy some of the extravagance Instead of giving away dozens of tins of canned milk ; and a hundred pounds of sugar each night after the [return of blimps from cruise, the Navy now returns
Saturday, February 19 Post Wai Planning East Faculty Lounge, Uhion Penny Carnival Women’s Gymnasium Tau Epsilon Phi Dance Chapter House Chi Omega Dance Room 356-363, Union Union Mixer ' Noith and South Balh corns, Uhion Phi Kappa Psi and Phi Gamma Delta Dance Faculty Lounges
Personnel Notes
“I don’t put much stock m waiting to have a postwar baby — frankly, I think they’ll have the same features as always ”
9n, JhsL (^kwicluLL
Hillel Foundation 116 Sheetz Street Rabbi M H Simon 10 30—Regular morning in Eliza Fowlei Hall
First Christian Church Corner Sixth and North
'Rev. Doyle Mullen, Minister
...... ...w 9 30—Sunday School at which this food to the galley Previously sugar and canned Noble will spe^^on the topic
milk unusused after each blimp’s flight were given or * Bi othei hood ”
thrown away 10 40—Chuich Seivice While checking this, Naval oflicials also found that ^ 30—Banquet foi all students the galley had been charging blimps for nearly two- "’ho aie leaving at the end of the
thirds more foodj^han they received In other words, semestei
two-thirds of the food leaving the galley for the blimps Monday at 8 30—Meeting of XII
?ot ‘ lost ’ before it reached the blimps ^ the Foundation loom
One healthy Lakehurst reaction to this column’s ex lose came from the enlisted men They had all been 01 e about the waste of food, man-hours and other naterials, but couldn’t do much about it until their
ifficers led the way
WPS's Rayon Woes A hot low has been smouldering inside the Wai Pio luction Boaid ovei high tenacity layoii which Rubber
Betty Johnson 8 00—Mass Bi othei hood meeting at Eliza Fowlei Hall, to be ad diessed by lepiesentatives of the Catholic Hebiew and Piotestant faiths Monday at 7—A woiship gioup foi all students will be held at the home of the ministei, 129 Sheetz Sheet Wednesday at 5 30—Membeis of the group will meet as usual for dm ner in the noithwest coinei of the Union Cafeteiia Any who can may join the gioup Fiiday from 7 to 11—Close of the semestei paity
Companies scneduled to visit the campus • Cainer Corporation, Syiacuse, N Y —Date of visit, Friday and Satuiday, Feb 18 and 19 Inteiested in M E, ASTP, NCTP Sign in the Personnel Office by 10 00 a m Fi i day, Feb 18 Esso Laboratorie®, Standaid Oil of New Jersey, Linden New Jerse> Date of visit to be announced In terested in Ch E and Chemists Sign in the Personnel Office by Tuesday, Feb 22 Union Oil Company of California, Los Angeles, Cdlifoinia—Date of visit to be announced Sign m the Peisonnel Office by Tuesday, Feb 22 C G Conn, Ltd Elkhart Indiana —Interested in M E Date of visit to be announced Sign in the Peisonnel Office by Friday Feb 25 Department of Commerce, Civil Aeronautics Administration, Chica go 111—Inteiested in E E Date of visit to be announced Sign m the Peisonnel Office by Fiiday Feb 25
Inteiested in B S oi Ph D Chemists, Chemical Engineers, Physicists and Ceiamic Engineers (diaft defeiied) Kappa Kappa Gamma Fraternity IS offering three $600 fellowships foi giaduate study “Any woman is eligible who is a citizen of the United States oi Canada, has received her bachelor’s degiee or \Yill obtain it prior to July 1 from a college or university where there is a chaptei of Kappa Kappa Gamma, and who is not over 30 years of age The applicant should have made a leal contribution to her alma mater and have a well outlined plan for giaduate woik” Applications must be made by Maich 1 Further information may be obtained from the 'Placement Seivice foi Women, 2955 Eastman Kodak Company, Rochestei N Y —Inteiested in C E (Diaft exempt) Sign in the Person nel Office by Monday, Feb 21 E R Squibb & Sons, New Biuns wick, N J —Interested in B S , M S and Ph D Chemists oi Ch E Sign in the Peisonnel Office by Friday, Feb 26
esley Foundation
Cornel State and Sheetz Streets Rev E R Balsley, Ministei 9 30—The two Sunday School
classes
10 40—The seimon topic is to be
The^Tiue Fieedom , newly elected
111ector Bindley Dewey says IS holding up production officeis of the Wesley Foundation )f sj nthetic tiles student council will be installed The layon being produced under the WPB progiam 3 00—Meeting of the executive
3 inadequate both in quality and quantity The Good committee
/eai Tiie and Rubber Co complains it is not evren ^ 00 — Meeting of the student
isable and is rejecting much of it for subsequent use board
11 ladies handbags 5 00—Fellowship supper Leading a crusade against the WPB’s faltering *^00—A sound film e n 1111 e dj ayon progiam is a Czech boin U S citizen named “Brotherhood in America’ The oth Oscar Kohoin the man who fiist brought rayon to S’’ foundations on the campus will
A.mei ica It was Kohorn who taught the German I G ^e^uests
Faiben Company to make layon twenty years ago,Tonight at 8 00—Theie will be a
■iVirJ mlni-v i- —11 1.1 O Cl O "XT 1 rl
Chuich of Christ Ninth and Brown Streets Re\ Paul Himes, Minister 9 46—Bible Study—‘ Gifts of the Holy Spirit ” 10 46—Moining Woiship The s^ject of the seimon is “Why Have Ys^Come’” 6 30—Young People’s Tiaming
Class
7 45—Evening Seivice, Befoie and After Baptism Thuisday at 7 00—Bible Study will consider Chaptei I of Genesis
These companies are not sched uled to visit the campus, however, they are interested in students for employment Niagara Sprayer and Chemical Co Inc Middleport N Y —Inter ested in Ch E and Chemistry Sign in the Personnel Office by Saturday, Feb 19 Louisville and Nashville Railload Co, Louisville, Ky Inteiested in M E Sign in the Peisonnel Office by Monday, Feb 21 Ins|;itute of Paper Chemisti y, Ap pleton, Wisconsin Inteiested in B S Chemists (Men and women) Sign in the Personnel Office by Monday, Feb 21 Minnesota Mining and Manufac turing Company, St Paul Minn —
Placement Notes For Women, Bi own Univei sity Gi adpate School announces a number of fellowships scholarships and assist antships foi giaduate woik m a number of departments Any students interested may obtain further information at the Placement Seiwice for Women, 2966 Applications must be presented not later than March 1 1944 Any women students interested in Summer Camp jobs register at once Calls are already coming in for counselors, dietitians, and othei staff membeis Fuithei infoimatioh may be obtained at the Placement Seivice foi Women 2470, and any students inteiested may legistei
West Lafayette Baptist Church Roger Williams Foundation 5 30—A 20 cent luncheon will be
seived
6 30—The Foundation is to hold an election of officeis foi the com
I ind he has also set up rayon plants all ovei the world "Come as a Kid
As of last week, Kohoin had made the tiip from New dation lYoik to Washington eighty times trying to give jWPB’s high tenacity rayon bianch the benefit of his |expenence However, most of the $1 a year men in |side WPB’s rayon division come from the rayon mdus Itry and it is charged by some that they do not want [|new processes or new companies to take the war boom fbusiness which they have allocated to their own com
Ipanies
par ty at the Form
University Presbyterian Church North Street, Near Grant Rev John W Findley, Minister
9 30—Dr Goidon Graves of the Mathematics Depaitment will meet
with his Bible Study class
Government rayon contracts call lor production at
o onn 1.. zu. Vice Piesident of MeCoimick Theo
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical)
Sheet music (latest hits)
Instruments and Accessories
Instrument Repairing
STARTS TOMORROW
LUMA
AMONG tHE HOTABIEOOG SIDRIES IN TNE ENGLISH LANGUAGE
MILLER MUSIC CO.
LAST TIMES TODAY
TEX RITTER » in ARIZONA TRAIL'
PLUS ■
BILLIE BURNS DONALD WOODS
So's Your Old Man'
514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
SsAoks, St^dfuiA.
Harold Canada formei Unne sitv student icccivcd the silvci wings of an Aimy An 1 one pilot and was swoin in as a second lieutenant at ccicmonies held it Ntpiti Field, Ala
the rate of 200 million pounds annually by the end of this year Most of this rush business has been passed around to a few big firms more than half going to Viscose Company of America, and another large chunk to E I du Pont de Nemours Co Officials of these two companies are among the key rayon men in the War
Production Board
Men Of Rayon
Here is the lineup
g, Hairy Delton, chief ot the raj on branch is \ice president ot Viscose , Oliver r Rhodes, consultant ot the high tenacity rayon branch (separate from the rayon branch), is an oflicial of Viscose He is a $l-a year man, receiving his principal income from Viscose Theodore R Milne, $l-a year man from Du Pont, actually luns the high-tenacity rayon branch, and shuttles back and forth between the WPB m Washington and the Du Pont offices in Wilmington William Garrison is nominal head of the branch but, as a tormei Rutgers University administrative officer, he is less versed in the technical problems of rayon
production
Ihere is no question that these Uva companies lead the field in production ot synfi|etig'textiles, and no question that the men they have lent to the Government are high class experts But there is a big question whether these men can act in the interest of the nation while still in the hire ot companies which are concerned about their piesent and post war position in the industry Inventor Kohorn claims theie are new processes for high-tenacity rayon and has been clamoring to get merely a pilot plant to test bis theories It now looks, after eighty trips to Washington, as though he might
get one
Note—Meanwhile, the Cotton Bloc is beginning to revive its clamor to use cotton instead ot rayon m tires Merry-Go-Round Ed Stettinius says the Soviet foices have been able to maintain good communications, paitly because we have sent them 189,000 field telephones and ovei 670, 000 miles of wiie- enough to go uiound the woild 27
times
(( opyiighl, 1914 bj United Fe iliue Syndicate, Inc )
logical Semii\aiy of Chicago will preach on the topic I Love the Chinch 5 00 — Sunday Evening Fellow ship with a 20 cent meal lecie ation and meeting following The discussion IS to covci the problems laised by Rabbi Simon and Mi Me Elwaine on the past two Sunday evenings C 50 — Vespei woiship led by
ARC
SUNDAY-MONDAY-
vr
— ALSO -— CARTOON AND NEWS
-LAST TtMES TODAY-
' BLAZING GUNS" "PRAIRIE CHICKENS" WALT DISNEY CARTOON SERIAL — NEWS
MARS
-NOW PLAYING-
There $ a wallop in every wild ride and a thrill in every blazing adventure as the swift riding Riffs gallop into glorious action'
1^1 me..
DENNIS IRENE ummmmim BRUCE CABOT GENE LOCKHART
Directed by ROBERT FLOREY BsEed Upon a Pley by Lawrence Schwab Otto Harbach Oscar Hammersteln 2nd Sigmund Romberg and FranK Mandel
Lobby!
. Vuis A® • • • '’tl th® 9"'* T"'”'
What a wolf And what the femmes wont do for a date with the Bull of Brooklyn' It’s MAYHEM!
It's MARVELOUS!
Its the most riot ous romantic wrestling match of all time'
crniMeMnir.
Directed by MITCHELL LEISEN Sciain Play ty Clipda Blnyon Adaplatlan ty Wirtan Dulf
;iuaj»E-iiGHn»m
Starting TOMORROW
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
lAMViEnidil %
M
F4xwfK H i.9M-
SiOiik^^i^er S0>r^
Wrestlers, Swimmers Bid Fot Titles Tbday Although entertaining no hopes of team triumphs, Boilertnaljcer wfestling and siii^imming squad^ weie both hopeful of making strong showings in the Big Tdn championships as they lefif here yesterda;^ for Northwestern University where the conf4jrhnce titles m the two winter indoor sports will be de-
cided today
Boilernialcers pace Wisconsin There Tonight
Three undefeated members and heavyweight^ Dave Wikon
of Coach Claude Reeck’s wrest
eigiiL. j
Papenguth Hopes for 3rd Place
1 j -VT , ■ , Coach Dick Panehguth, who is hng squad, Dan Nettesheim, hopeful that the Boilermakers may 136 pounds; Art Aerne, 146 wind up in third place, left yesterpounds, and.Jack Shepard, 165 day inoining with a squad of 17 pounds, are expected to make strong swimmers Riveter hopes of nosing bids m the fights foi individual ti out Ohio State for third place are tl|es The othei repiesentatives of founded on the point gainerihg pos the Boilermaker squad which won sibnlties of the two relay combina four out of SIX starts during the tions along with Capt Phil Hansel dual tneet season will be as follows and Bill Porter in the distance l2l pounds, Dave Liang, 128 pounds, swims, Ted Salmon in the sprints, Casey Stengel, 156 pounds. Bob and Paul Bower, fancy divei Roberts, 176 pounds, Joe Harsch, Boileimakei swimming entties,
Ifs a Genuine New ROTHLEY BLOUSE
$^.50
SPECIALLY
PRICED
Others at $2 98
Other Smart Tailored
Shirts
NEW FUSSY BLOUSES
PRETTY NEW DICKEYS
A Large Assortment at Popular Prices
TIE-NECK PRINT BLOUSE In gorgeous, vividly colored crepe— each pattern hand blocked You could honestly expect this blouse to be twice the price Available ttotv in a beautiful assortment of colors and patterns
ALL FOR YOUR NEW SUIT
or SEPARATE SKIRT and JACKET Palais Rpijal
Intramural Boxing Tourney Scheduled Monday At 8:15 PM At the Navy smokei which will be held m the Fieldhouse ilonday night at 8 15, the fouiteen lemain ing contestants m the Intiamuial Boxing Tourney will fight it out to deteimme who lepiesents Univei sity against othei schools, and pei haps in the National Intel collegiate bouts which will be held at the Um veisity of Wisconsin this yeai Coach J W Beeis stated that at least two of the six bouts were ex pected to end in knockouts One meet is scheduled against Culver on Maich 11 Wabash, De
by events will be as follows Breast Stroke — Jim McMullen, Bill Lair Bob Barnard Distance Swim—Phil Hansel, Bob Brogan John Kendrick, Bill Porter, Dick Papenguth Sprinks—Tel Salmon Bob Cummings Don Leach David Nash Wilbarn Goiby Diving—Paul Bower. Back Stroke—Hugh Woolverton, Pete Huntington Oliver Kortjohn
Paul, and Loyola Academy of Chicago have also been challenged, but no dates have been set foi these contests as yet Zverbhs In Heavyweight Class Joe Zverbhs, present champion of the 175 pound class, has added enough weight to challenge W P Happin 195 pounds, to deteimine who shall oppose the present heavyweight champion in Monday night’s finals The bout will be held this afternoon at 4 30 The winner will face last yeai’s National Intel col leg late finalist, Jim McMillen, Mon day night M Kaasted and Don McMillen will vie foi the light heavyweight title E Hughes and W Jankowich, two V 12 trainees, will fight it out foi the 166 pound class berth on the championship team In the 135 pound class, P Saunders and Charley Lorne are judged to be a close match for the lightweight title Bill Biace, 145 will meet Ed Ruff, 146, in the final bout of the evening;. Coach Beeis stated that Brace’s fine condition will help greatly against Ruff’s wider experience Navy Band To Play The Navy swing band will pio vide music between the individual bouts and duiing intei mission The piogiam is expected to be shoit and snappy The smoker is open to the public
Agricultural Staff will hold a luncheon Monday, Eebiuaiy 21, in the basement of the Fust Methodist Cliuich, West Lafayette The piincipal speakei will be Dr E C Young, cfean of the University graduate school and pro fessor of agiicultuial economics, who will talk on “The Outlook for Farming after the War”
Lambertmen, Badgers. Battle In Key Net Tilt In one of the key hardwood tilts of the week-end. Coach Ward Lambert’s rampaging Boilermaker cage squad will face a strong Wisconsin team at Madison tonight The Badgers are considered an even more formidable opponent than Iowa 'as they diopped Northwestern fiom the list of unbeaten Confer-
Some Problem— RATION POINTS EAT IN THE CAEETERIA OETEN AND SAVE YOURSELE SOME HEADACHES. YOU’LL FIND DELICIOUSLY VARIED MENUS HERE.
JhSL fiWlduSL WjuMiiaL lAjnxmL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
^AX
IN COLOR
★ Brunettes ★ Brownettes ★ Redheads 1 ...it imparts a loveiy color to the skin. 2...it creates a satin* ooth make-up. 3...it clings pe^tiy...and really stays on! BlondeX brunette’ brownette' redhead !\ accent the natural beauty of your type with your color hariubny shade of Face Powder createoTrysMav Factor Hollywood TryTt-todav
Grandstand Echoes By Jim Ackerman Big Day For The Riveters Today maiks a big day in Boileimakei spoils Not only is the basketball team on the load to piove itself of championship quality, but the swim ming and wiestling teams will endeavoi to put themselves on top in the confeience meets at Evanston Should Piggy’s cage team win at Wiscon sin tonight, the Riveteis will stand a good chance to finish with at least a tie foi the Big Ten baslvetbaH\;rown Only two confeience games lemain after this week end One is with Noithwestein who will have only one ifigulai left when the Boileimakeis meet them heie next week and the lowly Hoosieis fiom the southern pait of the state who weie beaten by the Riveteis in the fiist Confeience game of the season Swimmers In Conference Title Race This afternoon the Riveter tank squad will meet the stiong teams ot Michigan, Northwestern, and othei Big Ten schools at Noithwestein to deteimine the champion swimming team Last yeai the Buckeyes won the meet, but thisVeai’s Ohio State team is not given much chance as they have only a few veteians fiom last year s squad Michigan will entei the meet as the favoiite with the Wildcats as second The Riveteis m dual meets this ^yeai have been defeated by the Wolverines and the Wildcats twice The second time Noithwestein beat Coach Papenguth’s men, the seoie was by only foui points, the foui coming in the last event of the meet Should the Boileimakers continue to show the impiovement that they have all season, they may come out of the Confeience meet with a second place Reeck’s Wrestlers Also Fight At Evanston The wiestlmg team will also have its confeience meet at Evanston t(^day Accoidingto Coach Reeck if Newt Copple had not been tiansfeired, the Riveters would have a good chance of copping the championship Now Coach Reeck figures he has-’^hance to finish in second place Michigan will be the team to beat for fiist as they have an expeiienced squad Ohio State and Northwestern are also squads which should not be counted out Last year Indiana won the crown but this season they aie not veiy stiong Dual Meet For Track Men Coach Herman Phillips’ tiack team will paitake in the fiist dual mdooi tiack meet of the season today when they meet the Hoosieis down Bloom ington way The tiack team should come thiough with a victory, because the Hoosieis are not supposed to be very stiong, while the Riveteis have had expellence gamed in two meets aheady this yeai Against North western and Chicago in tiidngulai meet the Riveteis emeiged victorious, while last week Noithwestern took first over the Boilermakers Wiscon sin and Chicago in a quadiangulai tilt
Bowling Results PURDUE UNIVERSITY STAPr BOWLING LEAGUE February 7 11 1944 High Team Sets Mech Engr 1 Mcch Encri II Gen Stores High Individual Sets
280b 2 o5 2723
League Standing
Agi Extension Agi Chem II Gen Stores rnglish Agr Exp Sta Mcch Lngi I Aimy II Agi onomv Anim il Hu b T haimqcy vpoultry Ai my I Executive Recitation Biology Biology Naval Ti School Chem El gi Agr Chem III Agr Chem I Cinmistii 11 Chemi tiy I Gen Engr Elee > ngi Physics
Diary >0 II Civil Engl S 3o Mech Fi gi ir 28 3 Phy ical Plant 3H Agr Engr '^4 39 Rad o Engl 4 3) Hoifticultu e i2 Foiebtrj 20 13 High Team Sets to Date Agr Exten ion Gen Lngi *^880 English ^8o6 Naval Ti Sch 1 283) High Team Games to Date Chem Engl 102^ English 1020 Extenbion lOls Exe^tiv 100) Wedkly Individual Sets to Date OlC (17
(13
FresJV (09 Elhkei 008 High Weekly Individual Games to Date Spiagic *^17 B ow CL ^4 3 Clark I R ’S Liskcy ^3b High Individual Averages—9 games or over Lehkei 1 o let O C 13 WykofT 1 3 Clark W I 1 C lip 1 ^ Fr bt 11 Dai ah 1 11 rnfiel 1 lb Ilaveikanp IE J hnson H N 10 I iske> Iw Hendei on 16) Br wn G L IGt Cl rtis 165 Wrestling Schedule Feb 12—Purdue at Noithwestern Feb 19—Confeience at Northwestern
fJlHSPfXATfOtH ^ XrtNTERTAINMENT 'For AMUSEMENT > UNIVERSin BOOK STORE Across from the Union Building
ence teams two wegks ago. Coach “Bud” Foster's Badgers, with seven wins ahd two losses so far in the Conference campaign, are expected to give the Boilermakers then severest test of the season Despite the disadvantafte of playing on a foreign flooi without the services of Bill Lodge, the Riveter netters are ex pected to piovide a capacity crowd with plenty of thrills The Boileimakers with their usual “lace horse” offense, have been easily brushing aside its opposition in the conference, with one exeepBROADCAST DOPE Direct y, ire reports from the game tonight at Madison will be broadcast at frequent intervals over WBAA Arrangements have been completed for special wires direct from the WBAA studios to the fieldhouse at Madison which will enable local fans to keep in close touch with the progress of the game tion a lone defeat at hands of a powei-ful Ohio State team With a tiemendoub and balanced seen mg power m then team of Hoffman and Horn forwards, Frazier and Kennedy, centers, and Haag, Elliott, and Friend guards their offense has an aveiage of neaily 60 points per game Show Scoring punch ' On occasion the Badgers have showed plentv of scoimg punch and the fiont line of center Ray Patterson, Des Smith, and Don Dick, forwards should hold its own From the rear court. Bill Johnson and Glen Selbo scored consistently against Indiana and leliable Russ Wendland should get his share of mark-
eis
A weakened Northwestern team and Indiana’s hapless Hoosiers are the lone lemaining Conference teams on the Boilermaker’s schedule while the Badgeis have games with Minnesota and Chicago Rural Visitor Disturbs Peace in Residence Halt Species is unknown but the coeds ol Wood Hall have been much amused and the duectoi of the hails much chagimed by the persistent appeal ance of a clucking hen in the basement recreation rooms No one seems to know quite how or where the trespasser has been spending hei time previous to- the 1 esidence hall existence, but in some sly maimei she manages to sneak into the hall eveiy evening The mam objection to such luxurious living conditions on the hen’s part, is that she continually loosts onihe tables, which isn’t good’ Track Schedule For '44 Feb 25^—Purdue, Indiana, at Illinois Feb 26—Ohio State, Indiana,' here " Mar 11—Big Ten Meet, Chicago Mar 18—Tentative, Purdue Relays Mar 25—Tentative, Chicago Relays Swimming Schedule Feb 19—Confeience meet at Noithwestern
JhiiL. (Mvn/di&mumL youA. UahmblsL Qoufmcl
Big Premium Sale Begins Saturday, Feb. 19th and Lasts One Weekl
Original $3.Q0 Navy Blue Zipper Bags Can Be Purchased for $1.50 Plus This Ad
(DmtL (jPmL—'^eL JMa £xtji}jdjumcd. (/oIua Tlow! Bring Your Coupon and $1.50
DEAC'S
Irene Manning, co-starred with Dennis Morgan-^sings Sigmund Romberg b ererWpular music m Iht Desert Son^” Warner BEtos leehnieolor picture whith is at the Mars theatreJ
/v! ur
MpMiii * i ft 4
^rmy. Navy, Marine News
m I
SaiurSay, Febmaty l^^ 1044
Propwash .
i By A/C W. M TreVarrow
^ Scuttlebutt. Ready room lumoi leceiitlv leported lecalcitiant leac-
tjons—on the part of Lieutenant F E Hand, Resident Naval Aviatoi, and >. ^ « Ijlister Rengo, civilian flight instiuctoi Both of the aforesaid gentlemen f\Ii/f/Y^ C/V©r tYGllit
have at vai lous times thieatened to boil cadets in oil foi foi getting ceitain
actions necessary to tlhe flight of an an plane Puidue Relays, sponsoied by the the surprise of some tliiity cadets, when, foi no plausible lea Univeisity on the afternoon of son. a plane carrying these two expeiienced pilots failed to leave the Ma^ch 25, will be the laigest in the
University To Stage Hartsell ConduttS Extends J*i Kappa Alpha
Queen
Hunts In Bactic Lab
Omesta Chi EpsHmis and Feb 24, 7 00, in Boom 111 of Chcm SHU
^et
. . . announces the initiation Exponent Ad staff- important business of theh follow,ne Kendall P Batee, ~goe To.,d„. ».b a .a Ad
Rockford, 111 , Robert G Flannel y, Washington, Robeit P Doades,
-LEE
Members of University Orchestra Debris
By Margaret Wendell
Oui heaits weie not young and
^robind. In fact, the engine failed Like a lun down clock, it lefused to U S and will have 34 colleges and moining wrfiiireTcoun- viously published. Ensign Millard, ^ Borman, Chicago, Sunday^ Jperate The occurrence was soon explained, when Rengo said that both teied the iptiicaues of bateiiology, Navy Recieational Officer, gn- Charles W Glasgow, Margate City, Boom of Unio7 he and Lieutenant Hand had neglected to turn on the gas before leaving wcipants over all tnis will rule tne ... __ j —j„. -kt- JN a —
the line
Electiical and V-12 trainees will -Washington, William B Eitel,Indi- j;;,’Fcb‘?9 be given liberty until 1 30 am for anapolis, J Allen Holm, Ddarborn, apparel*and"bring the Sophomore Cotillion on Friday, Mich , Wilbur J Sundheimer, WaFeb 26, instead of 1 am as pre- hash, Bert ^re^ei III, Washing- ^Jjvited*uf*attend the dinner
~ " Chicago, meeting Sunday Feb 20 “t 6 80 p m( No
reservation necessaw Meet m the Old Chest-
-HOLMES
No announce-
base
Oueen of Relays have they been since Even now, nounced yesterday
, , , Mmifinv PVPiiiniT at 7 30 34trnl«! months later, as we pursue bacteria ment has been made as yet regardThis IS an operation that has become second nature to\eveiy cadet at the Tn the N^th ballroom the bright Tuesday and Thursday mg hours for the evening for Army
diessedinformals There, in a ses- morning sunshine, from 9 to 11 our tmnees
Sion closed to the public, 12 noini- •become jellied with fright Qrama IntenUptS
Dull Library Routine Exciting things do happen even
That neither war nor studies can halt the work of an aspiring artist was
Notices
conciu;.'v;iy provedVecently Ground school instructor HarperTpreviously nees will be picked A committee, of the AAF, entered his classroom with the intention of teaching a group composed of 3 Reamers, 3 Gimlets
of edets the intraces of a Stiombmg caihuretor, only to find them nnil ■“ Eeapontible foi tbe.e bi weekly gather^ Jbont the bl.ckbo.,d,adm.,mg the aitisticendeavois of AvCad home of m.e.obe hunting ,e a ve.y
C W Burk
To say that Ml Haiper was appieeiative is an ,vt,tvp w fiu-u/pet TV,e Ouppu Hartsell who, gaibed dramatically —— man would not be proud to have a inui al dedicated to him The drawing have the best figures The Queen ^J Sitting ther
All Students Any student who withes to work for the Eegistrar during the registration for the March term, March 3 and 4 will please leave his name at the desk in the
Registrar s office
^ —STONE
Union Sophomores Those who petitioned
Gold Pepper Actives and Pledges Meet at Alpha Chi Omega house at 1 15 p m Satur-
day Feb 19 for party
Tau Beta Pi Compulsory meeting 7 p m Tuesday Feb 22 in room 268 of the Union for the election of officei-s Fifty cent line
for unexcused absence
—EVANS
are the most beautitul, have poise ‘‘r he woiId Di ^ Piesumably dull place as anr^^d^^oTr^Jr.obrSiVc’S.TrTeTr undeistatement What and peisonality, aie photogenic, and ^me -iwage man or ine wonu, ui periodical room of the libiaiy sophomore keys at the Union Office any
e idly leafing thiough
afternoon at 4 p m
Classified
Ads
man WOUia not oe proua 10 nave a lllUiai ueuAcateu tu nun uidwiii^ -™ - _ , m O xvVuf^ frnwn l<ar*i-nrp«! 4vax y ^ « j ' „ ^ | vividly depicted the^tory of Mr Harper’s life fiom his cow punching days of Relays and her court are to be beloved bacteria Exponents, your r e" tions for removal of condition grade will Money to Loan—On diamonds, watches, in Montana, through his life m the Army An Force to his souidough chosen liom these nominees in a ^ noitei glanced up as a soldier en- be given Saturday Feb 19 at r 16 p m m guns luggage typewriters Alberts Loan
activities in Alaska
While the instructor nodded approvingly ovei his shoulder, Buik com
campus election
pleted the pictuie Then turning' to his classmates for approbation he noted for the first time the presence of Mi Harper The men at the base
are still wondering why Cadet Buik has disappeaied
Student Exchange Home Ec Publication Will Receive Books Features Palmer Article
For Non-Profit Sale
Army Ordnance Tests Effectiveness Of Land Mines In Tank Wars
His course is a sight seeing tour Eaily Experiments i We made om initial contact with bacteiia when we careened into the
laboiatoiy under a load of slides, his aims All that she test tubes, cotton plugs, Bunsen ^‘How long’” His
biuneis, and an an of “so this is how days ”
guns luggage typewriters
Authorization Office 407 Columbia
poitei glanced up as a soldier .... „„„ , ^-
^ , ,, , , room 288 of Ghem Annex tered the room He gazed around must be secured previously —pearce
the room, and at that moment a girl Gimlet Club Alfn^^^Tbers for whom pad BowTented'rTOli andTufc
looked up With a mulfled cry‘*^he dies were ordered may pick them up at the graph work done C P Ebershoff, 606 Main,
4J U 1. 1 A Kappa Alpha hoase/ Lafayette Phone 2779 sprang fiom hei chan and lan into —RICHARDSON said was »-» • «» * —Z— International Cooperative House now has
> Delta Rho Kappa Initiation and banquet a few openings for those interested vn coop-
answer, “Two will be held Tuesday Feb 22 at 5 15 p m erative living Room and board or just
in room 261 of the Union All members and board are available 1 University St Phone
5 57
Testing the effectiveness of anti- Never thelei^s, we threw our sup
She grabbed her coat and pledges please be there promptly Will leave
Pastern felt” Eveiyone else looked clutching his hand, they left the ^m^emi^^’^^ wTshmgw&T^^^^ embarraa^d^and self conscious, too loom to its accustomed solitude coll Ruth Leven WRH 8i7 before Thurs
m, . ,, 4oy Feb 17 Bring money for keys and The loom was pregnant with the initiation fees —miller
tank mines used against enemy plies at a diawer which was obvious- emotion of the moment Everyone Lutheran StudenlT^sociation All stu
An aiticle with photogiaphs of foices in Italy and the Southwest ly too small and tuined and staled at glanced arounS saying in a look that dents who are attending the Mass Brother
Miss Philena Palmei nrofessor in Pacific is done by an ingenious the giil who ^tood next to us with they too had felt the thrill TJ 1 n 4-1, ai- a + TT n V +t. ri fi a T '+1 -n it method devised by the Ordnance de- the delightful puiple dve stain
Books forth, student Union book the Cloth,ne and Textiles Depait ^ op.eadine ove, he. f.ee exchange will be received for sale nient of the Univeisity, appeals in ,o. nnhlinViPrl at Oamn t u * a i n , from 1 to 5 u m next Monday , -n u r uixti. ai -kt which is publisliecl at Camp Lab Partnei extremely practical tests on water, toZgh Wedniday Feb 21 to 23^ Febiuary issue of What s New Polk, La She said, “My name’s Dotty B, soil milk and hamburgei bacteiial
The non m Home Economics ” Samples of the deadly tiaps aie -what’s youis heie hold this watch counts, and saw for the first time the Miss Frances Hemy, fashion edi- tested at Army Ordnance’s Jeffei out you’ll burn your sweater are rve communities of plants
trance of the Union at 7 30 The Lutheran students will then go over to Fowler Hall ns
a group
4 —HOLLIDAY
Wanted—Ride to Milwaukee or viciinity/ end of term John Nadolny 71432 Lost—Wrist watch Elgin gold front stainless steel back $10 reward Call 4229 Wanted Carriers to deliver Exponent 3 mornings a week Call Exponent Circulation oifice in sub basement of Union after 4pm Lost—3 strand string of pearls Feb 6th Pauline Heid 303 Waldron phone 8439
in room 257 of the Union
profit service for students will ap ™ x-y, x. ouu yuu u nun. yuuu «xi, wc communities or plants giowmg praise the books at 75% of their magazine, spent a week son Proving Ground near Madison supposed to pour this dye all over aiound our teeth, hair and on our
purchase price and they will be campus inteiviewing Miss From a temporary tripod, heavy the cotton why are you thiowing all fingeis, coins, and lipsticks We de sold at these prices from 10 a m to supervising the photo- weights are suspended diiectly or^er those slides away heie comes the cided never to eat again u- X —n the assembled mine from the vertex Boss” And that’s all we know about the
of the tiipod and held m place by We said “Yes” and playfully laboratory and the man who is on stout tape poured the bottle of genetian violet speaking teims with the inmates of Wiies aie stiung fiom a cap fast dye down Dr Haitsell’s back He the bacteiial underworld, because ened to the top of the tripod to a playfully tupped us and suggested they had to carry us out when he bomb proof shelter of steel and con confine ourselves to the study of started dissecting the rat with the
C Tur ^ n •} + in C3+ n v,+ graphs Appropriate clothing and the assembled mine from the vertex Boss” 5pm on March 3 to 10 Students ^ ^ x, xi. x i j i. u i „ brin then old grooming for the vaiiour "-f +,,r,r.n anU Loin in ninnn -nr.
phases of the teacher’s life are dis
cussed
Col. Beere Invites Civilians To Movie,
are requested to books in promptly
A new plan will be used in which the exchange will be open from 8 to 10 p m on Monday and Tuesday,
March 6 and 7
Exchange Began In ’38
Improvements and chang^ have occurred ever since the class of ’31 appropriated its surplus of $1300 for
establishing the service In 1938 the Exhibition films entitled “War with a devastating ioar
plan was put into effect, with a book Department Report” will be shown exchange being opened in the South DaH Monday, Feb 21 gallroom Books weie appraised at Cq] q M Beeie has invited the ci 60% of then value and cashieis yilian students and Univeisity fac were paid 35 cents pei horn attend the film which is spon Since that time the exchange has gojed by the United States Wai De
raised Its buying piice and operates paitment “They have alieady weeks ago m a plane crash while en
for no profit Book lists aie obtained wide publicity and have been
ciete a safe distance away An elec baei-eria then lives and loves
tiic curient detonates the blasting
cap, allowing the weights to fall on ^^itivated many little gaidens of
^ ^ simulates the bacteria on agar plates which fin War Deut. Reoort msh food fm the plants to grov r r over the trap, causing it to explode these had grown seveial days.
eschurichi coli
DANCE RECITAL
TUES., FEB. 29th
8 00 P M AT STUDIO — PUBLIC INVITED
CHILDREN'S CLASSES BALLET AND TAP OPEN SATURDAY, MARCH 4th
NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL IN OUR ADULT
TAP AND BALLROOM CLASSES
ALLEN'S SCHOOL OF DANCING
PHONE 2150
6th and FERRY STS.
U. J. E. Keith
\ \
loimei student at the Umvei sity and Fust Lieutenant in the Aimy An Foices, vas killed two
Allee Goiievievo
Allen Joyce
from heads of the depaitments to make the sales moie conect The patronage, as a whole, has declined due to the deci eased numbei of civ ilian students on the campus Alpha Sigma Phi announces the election of the following officeis Harold Heath, president, Cail Berglund vice pres ident. Jack Snydei, secretaiy, Ralph Cochian, corresponding sec
we observed them with a profession al eye recoided these obseivations
on special foi ms, and made stains Andtrson Barbara 1 1 1 nr jr 1.1. 1 Andeison Eleanoi and hanging di ops We fulthei made Anderson Sibyi subcultures allowing the plant to EtoTothv''
grow on a slant of potato and agai,
and in beef tea Unknowns Next
Then one week the climax came
TELEPHONE NUMBERS OF RESIDENTS OF WOMEN’S RESIDENCE HALLS
Effective 1:00 P. M. February 19, 1944
shown to both civilians and service men ” stated Col Beeie Navy To Commence New Paying System In Near Future Thanks to a new system, the Navy IS going to make sure that its men definitely get paid on pay day.
Appel Doiothy
Arnold Georpine
An sman Baibaia Ann
Auckley Kathleen
Bachman lima
Badi,Iey Mildred
Bailey Mary
Baird Maiy Ann
Ovopeas -when -we were given an unknown Baird Virginia 1942 he had been cultiue told to work over it intelli ga^^r ^^xm"
route home after completing 52 fiy
ing missions m Burma
since Apiil
awarded the Silver Star and the Air gently and find its mate m the stack Therea Ann Medal of pieviously observed bacteria Al Baidauf Ruth His sister Katherine ajiharmacy though we weren’t lucky enough to Fenwe
student at the University after healing oi his death enlisted in the WAG Entering the Aiiny Air Foices she wishes to become a
chemist’s assistant
one
Barnhait Mary Ruth Barobsi Fed la
Birott Btss
meinee minee moe” sj stem worked Batim" CorrH"""^
dr aw
tin ned
of the unknowns that deciding coloi our “cnee.
all light From that point we made some
retary, Eastman Jacobs, treasuiei, accoiding to the Paine Field Ace Paul Schroeder and Paul Mohn, sei Pui suiter of Paine Field, Washing geants-at-arms The following were ton Undei the new system, which initiated Feb 12 William Hasse, will probably be started shortly, a William Holmes, Barry Lewis, Wil caid lecoid about the size of a sheet
Max ted and of typewiitei papei -will be issued
to each officei and enlisted man The caid will list name, lank identifica tion the amount of duty pay for himself and the allotments to his
family
The caid will go to the disbuismg officei 01 commandei of the station.
ham Lewis, Wesley
William Walters
Arthur W. Wang . assistant editor of the Crowell Publishing Company, will be at the Union Sunday as part of an editoi lal
tnp through Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and when the man moves on it will and Pennsylvania The purpose of go with him for piesentation to the tfie visit IS to scout foi fiction, non new commanding officei or disbuis fiction and promising new wliters mg officei
/
TTbuLl Want’a Picture of Your Gal at Purdue? See Her in the
(DcAaIa,
NOW $4.00
Order it at West Desk
ASTP Trainees! Subscribe for the Exponent Now
Fill out the form below and mail or bring to Exponent Circulation Office in sub-basement of Union. Papers will be delivered to your room or house. If you live in Cary Hall, give hall and room number. If yon live in a fraternity, give name and street address of house. The price of 1 term (until April 29, 1944) is 80c.
Purdue Exponent
Subscription Blank
Name Address
Price 80c
Bauoi Elunor Btal Mariljn Beard Bonnie
Bedo Mar on
Beem Mary Ann Bceman Jaoquehn Benson Bettyc Berquibt M irise Bilinsky Mane Billing Maij^arct Billman Elaine Bird Kathryn Blakhle^ Marjoue Bland Robina Blindforl Honore Bowen Maiiljn Bowen Marion Braekman Jean
Biier Jidith
Brittib Man, iret Bnner Martha Brodsky Jeanette Brooks Lorine Brower Barbara Biuick Betty Lou
Buck PeLLV
Burton M irion Bus lid Geraldmc Byium Roleita
Cam Gene
Came Doiothy Campbell Harnett Campbell Helci
Carey Elsie
Cailson Betty CaiLson Jane Caines Marthi Carroll Vngmia Caitei Betty Lou
Cait r Carol
Catenni Rosemaiy Champion Janice Ch jdo Betty Ann
CU k Amy
Claik Hu nett C(hen Barbaii Coin n Shirliy Coi lee Joyce Coniad Ruth C ok Florence Ci ug Winona Cuenit Mane Cumn in^,s Nancy Cuine Baibara Daniel Mary Elizabeth Davm Jeanni Dawson M irgean Dawaon P Ura D Gr ilE Sh rley Dieckmijn Emmalo i Dahl Maiy Maiguict Diltb Elizabeth Dippon Hil la Lenoi i Dixon Carrolyn Dolezel) Giae Dinahie Mane Downei Jo inn Diake Viigmiu DuBioek Suzanne Duke Mai^aret Dunmey r L( rn i Dunn Bitty I ou Dunnewold Maiy Dunniuk Julanne
Dwyei Ruth Dye Joyce
r^,ner Doiothy Lldndge Elamc Eldiidge Shiilcy Elliott Helen
Ellis Jean
Emerson Muy Emmons I or i Fi lekhon 1 velyn bwalt Vivian
I alley Mary
r t lb i V igmia Iischd Baibaia
J i\ Shirley Fiorst Jane For i Ruth
loinei Marian Ftank Aikne Preruh Mniam I ye Roxanne Gamble Virginia Canei Beimct Gastincau Haiuet
C at 8 Jean Gaugel June
GeoiLc Vjiffinii GeVLi D( ns J an Gilfen Nancy
Gimple Ina Class Betty
rieason Cuiolvn Glenn Muulyn
Goetz I ucy
Goetze Saia Katbiyn
92 ^1302 Goldsworthy Beth Ann J2 71601 Gonzales Rachael 92 71212 Good Mary Helen 92 71694 Goodwill Helen 92 71181 Gorka Wanda 92 "1233 Gottheif limi 92 71642 Grams Phylhs 92 71621 Gray Jane
Grecal Arlyne
no ^roff Patricia nS ZJio? Oulte Marjorie 2o Hablas Maiy n? Jean n? „}oa1 Haines Vivian 09 71115 Hamil Evelyn oo ZJiio Hammond Joan
09 Hanawalt Muy Alice
09 r}?Q^ Hansell Jane 62 71 ini Dorothy 00 oiQof Harisen J me ^»o Haikins Joann
10 VilW
no Harvey Donn i 0 7 1901 Hathaway Ann n, ,, i, Hawley Margaret 09 oirmi Hayes Sarah 0/ oifiii Htarn Maii,arct
Hellar Ruth Henrj Phyllis
92 71211 Htbler Joyce
11?^ Ice Barbar'i
Imel Evelyn
Irwin Margaret
92 713o2
"142^
Jackson Cnrol
92 71^^1 *ic)hnson Be itrice no iiaI Johnson Dorothy
Kaiser Maithi Kargcb Caroline
Kaivatt Catheune K'lthman Jeanette Katzenberg Betty
Kepner Wanda Kcsblei Helen King Dorothy
iO«4 TJrsKnAS+.
>2 71444 92 715"2 92 72726 92 1^91 92 71522 92 71281 92 "1193
King Robeit i
Kinnett Betty I ou Kiikpatiick Jane Klpin BarbariJean
Klein Helen
Kline Am
Kline Min iih Knapp Sally Knaub Noi na Kn wlcb Phocb Kopbky Kathryn
Kic Veri
Laml Maxine J ambert Lucill L ne Kathk n v I mtz Marjoue laiimor Geneva lee Maumna 1 emke Betty
Levin Ruth
I wib J anne I ewis P ggy I ml lo ibc L ttle Viigima
1142 lolqiibt Caryl
12 (1898 ^
J2 71241 92 71541 12 71614 J2 71523 92 1514 9a. 1,42 92 13o4 92 1124 12 71561 92 1862 12 71892 J2 llUi J2 11(8 92 71112 J2 "-1598 92 71483 J2 71221 97 1242 92 1868 12 -155? 12 71391 92 1361 12 71882 12 (1114
J2
J2 1211
9?
92 1492 92 71294 92 1868 12 71882
92 -16)1 92 71212 92 71441 12 71482 92 1GJ2 12 7l291 92 16)1 i2 71 858
LonKiicckcr Rose Ann
s Miuilyn 1 yda Joalyn
I ynch Betty Joan
MtACce Anna
.A..,A McClellan 1 M irth i 92 71(8')8 Al-neb d2 '"1341 MaeDiaimid CaiTl
19 ilfrTl McDonald Maiguret 09 71179 MacDonald Viiginia
J2 1021 MeCaiy Vtri/inia
09 71S4^ McKirstruy Dorothy
)2 Un McLaii-hlm Lois )2 714)3 McMonagle Carol
)9 7iani McReynolds Miriam
J2 7181> J""*)2 1102 Midibj Xatiicia
12 71891
92 71141 Madbcn Phyllib J2 71191 Magner Anna 92 712 2 Maguire Viiginm
02 71'rSI Maiensehem Bettyle
Maibh Doiothy
Malott Buena Dyar Mancmi Maiy Muigaiet Mindl hdna (Kit)
Maney Betty Manson Ma tha
Maikman Selma Marvel Suzam e
92 71383 Masteis Agnes
92 1031 MasUrson Marilyn
92 71633 Mattix Mary >2 71282 Means Maiun )2 1482 Meer tb Bessie 92 71303 Memberg Eloise 92 "1672 Melt/ Joanne J2 1131 Milki Baibai i 92 12 n Millei Betty )2 71111 MilUr Maulyn
J2 'i'lir4 Mitchell Maiy I u
)2 71141 M Vuginia )92 "1012 Moormin Jane )2 71131 Moiiic Jean
Mum n Lva Belle
Mumo Barbara
Muens Iki Elelen M>lis Betty Jane
Nash Waynt Neal Dirothy
1403 Nesbitt Jani 12 71171 Nct/tl Alice
92 "14al Nichols Kathryn
J2 71194 Nissen Helen
)2 /1482 Nitsche 1 ueile
i >92 "1161 Nyi Mnnlyn ^
\h2 71104 Oakes Jtny ^ J2 71242 O Deu Doiothy
92 71121 Ou Lllen
92 71242 Overbay Claire )2 71684 Ovuturf Alice
92 71624 Pau Jean
92 71312 PailffLtt Doiothy
J2 71223 Paimtr Mary Jane (Nuis
Palmci Maiy
92 71634 Parker Mary Margaret 92 72715 Parks Joann 92 "1291 Patteison Joan 92 71623 Patterson Dorothy 92 "llol Peden Eleanor 92 71642 Perkins Barbara 92 71322 Perkins Dorothy
)2 71161 Peiiy lean
J2 71473 Petra Dons 92 "1211 Pewowar Ethel 92 "1493 Pfeiffer Betty Lee 92 71191 Plagge Dons 92 <1471 Piior Betty 92 71643 Puckett Sara Jo 92 71112 Purman Caiolyn 92 <1212 Radtke Jeanette 92 71271 R iibbeck Sanchia 92 "1082 Ray Phyllis 92 71632 Renfiew Marcia 92 "13 f3 Renner Patricia 92 "1152 Riehev Mary 92 7157 3 Ritdman Anna
)2 14( 1 Riggb Inez
92 71503 Riggs Jean Claire 02 71124 Ripley Helen 92 71122 Rippetoe Jean 92 715"3 Robinson Thora 92 71452 Robinson I aura
)2 <1162 Roll Norma
92 713-3 Rich Rose Mary 92-1313 Rush Eldcan 92 "1324 Rjors Patricia 9-^71194 Simmon Mane 92 "1324 Sample Mane 92 "1133 Sample Agnes 92 7162 3 Schell FfTie Jane 92 "169-) Scheidler Evelyn
Schneider Marjorie Schneider Vivian
Schultz Joan
Schultz Louise Schultzel Ann Schwandt Lucilc Scufiold Nancy Scott Betty Lou
Scott Dorothy Scott Edith
Shafei Eleanor Shei itka Veronica Sheiry Gretchen
Short Mary Simpbon Beth
Sme Iley Mary Smelsei Mildred
Smith Janet
Smith Mac Ola
Smith Martha
Smith P itncia
Smith R(ba Snyder Caiol S lin Nancy
‘•pauklin^, Vutinia
Sp lehei J an Sp hn Phylhs Spi at Ruth Staley Gloiiu
Stangland Dons Steek Maijorie Stelman Louise Stan Betty Jane Steff b Maiianire
St( m Evelyn Ste iry Naomi
Stieneel er Betty Stiks Maijorie Stimson Barbara Stiassei Betty
Sti( ngwater Marilyn
Sti ipp M nica Sweeney Nola Symmes Beverly S/ Id Jacqueline lallman lewell
1 cbtei man Eleanor
Robcmary Birbuia
)2 713 1 )2 1412 )2 71211 )2 "1201 )2 71624 )2 1322
92 71311 92 1452 92 1471 92 71423 92 71153 92 71243 92 71511 J2 71424 92 71541 92 71223 9*? 71461 92 1413 92 71561 J2 16)1 9'^ 2191 9‘> 71383 92 1354 )< <1111 92 71434 J2 13 3 92 1132 92 71"ri )2 1391 92 71444 )2 71104 )2 1113 92 1262 )2 iin 92 7128d 92 1121 ) 71294 92 1313 )2 71 J1 9^ 1162 92 1(04 )2 1533 )2 1333 J2 U>3 )2 71111 92 2283 )2 71212 9'> "1163 )2 "1142 )2 71283 J2 14(3 )2 71302
02 71123 ihl'lln' )2 1321 ihcir
J2 "13( I Ihomas Betty )2 1 3 34 'iibbitt Joan )2 714)3 Tolle Verna 92 71231 Popham Janet
lowne Rosemary
)2 71111 liuax Kutrma
luckei Caiolyn
)2 71224 lurnei Maulyn )2 71181 Underwool Phylhs A VanFleit Katherine J2 1181 VunHo s Patueia 92 iri2 VanHoine Shirley
A VunLandmgham Marjoile
J2 7142 3 VanLiew Dorothy
)2 1512 Veit lois
)2 71131 VanVianken Eunice A Voigt Geialdyn
)2 71203 Wade Nancy )2 71301 Wagiiei Mary
)2 71(j11 Walter Barbara
J2 7127 3 \Valtei Jean )2 71333 Walter Joan
A^ Wumplei Mildred
92 71613 Waie Mary
V?att Margaret
A Weal J aura Belle
jni Webb Ella
^A Wells Barbara
Westever Eileen
92 1( <2 White Patucia
Whitehead Mai tha
)2 71142 Wilbui Caiolyn !n WiUianis Dirothy
Williams Maiy Wilson Can lyn
Wilson Molly Sue
Wimlieily Joann
Witi Cnrilyn
Wixom Slinky
W lie Maiy Wild Maiy
. Wood PanliiK
W( xlwaid Betty Jane
-Hlf Wiiliht Jean Yaskewich Doiothy
YafKai Jean
Young Virpinia /enter Doiibi /kha Cnthdlne Ann /immei J im,e
(1178
112 71661 J2 (1861 12 71174 12 71(8) 12 71,91 J2 71464 J2 71622
92 71844 J2 71448 J2 71188 92 71568 92 289B 92 71892
\
92-71662 92 71661 92-71382 92 71204 92 71715 92 71664 92 71362 92 71861 92 2181 92 71651 92 71682 92 71681 92 71443 92-71682 92 71281 92 71101 92 71604 92 71671 92 71548 92 71664 92 71641 92 71261 92 71291 92 71621 92 2182 92 71664 92 71271 92 71261 92v71331 92-71264 92-71634 92-71168 92-71133 92 71138 92.71605 92-71681 92 71814 92-71214 9^-71381 92 716§3 92-71148 92 71418 92-71634 92-71604 92 71671 92-71726 92 71164 92 71484 92 71234 92 71141 92 71281 92 71482 92 71121 92 71261 92-71382 92 71684 92 71382 92 71464 98 71161 92-71672 92 71602 92 71685 92 71871 92 71492 92 71681 92 71608 92 71831 92-71441 92 2188 92 71614 92-71484 92 71604 92 71294 92-71208 92 71842 92 71481 92 71682 92 71418 92 71128 92 71821 92 71218 92 71111 02 71814 92-71122 92-'! 1144 92 71162 92 71361 92-71164 92 71294 92 71421 92-71171 92-71321 92 71421 92 71274 92 71844 92 71244 92 71164 92 71564 92 71662 92 71668 92 71725 92 71483 92-716^ 92 71688 92 71141 92 71261 92 71488 92-71261 92 71102 92-71671 92 71884 92 71602 92 2896 92-71882 92 2296 92 71164 92 71688 92 71412 92 712h 92-71188 92 71382 92 71163 92 71621 92 71294 92-716P1 92 71118 92.714h 92-71612 92-71234 92 71288 92-71184 92 71444 02 71338 92-71814 92 71828 92 71624
fV
SVJ