/ '
4'^
l>
» f> k
'Mery-Go-Round^— ' Je$se Jones Hss The Money Bag—Page 1
Soofio^fost €dffiiir#ii^ TeamSoeicfWinAt ; Modison Tod^ ,
/
Volume 53, No. 42
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday* October 25* IBIl
Riveters Meet Hawkeyes lii Homecoming Battle
Alums Meet To Renew Memories Post Game Mixer, Tea Dance, Dinner To Entertain Grads
Iron Key Robert J. Breeden Richard A. Dibos William H. Hayt Phillip C. Johnson Harold E. Knight Ned A. Ochiltree Roscoe B. Starek John L. Traugott
By Dave Glass
Old friends will meet and old acquaintances will be renewed this morning when the Alumni have their annual registratipn and get-together' in the Union at 9 a.m. Nostalbic memories will be stirred anew by sisits to the old classrooms and inspection of the build-
ings on the campus.
Music for the “post game”
mixer, to be held from 9 to 12 visitation this evening in the Union, will Buildings,
be fprnished by Jack Kirk and his swing band. This band had its start on the campus of the University of Illinois and all of the members are former students of that University. The band features the vocals of Stan Rohn.
Here’s Today %
Tomorrow’s
Homecominq Program
TODAY
9:00 a.m.—Alumni Registration and Get-together — Purdue Memorial Union Building. Campus
linspection of New
Alumni,BandHomrEmrick,'08 Boilermaker Team Aaxious To Avenge At 1941 Homecoming Banquet Beating By lowans Ol Two Years Ago
By Phil Johnson, Exponent Sports Editor
Coachi Eddie Anderson’s unpredictable University of Iowa grid team will invade Ross>Ade Stadium this afternoon at 2 p.m. to tangle with a rapidly improving Boilermaker contingent in what is expected to be one of the most interesting Homecoming battles in a great many years. A near capacity crowd of around 20,000 will be on hand for the opening kickolf. The Hawkeyes are still smarting from the 23-0 walloping —" dealt them last week by a rejuvenated Wisconsin eleven, and WINJNER . . ,
Ball Receives Prize For Most Practical Military Bail Design
10:00 a.m.—1922 Class Meeting —Room 263, Purdue Memorial Uhion Building. Frosh Football Game—“Purdue’s Future Greats” Practice Field. Women’s Hockey Game, Alumnae vs Seniors-Fac-
ulty—Athletic Field.
11:45 a.m.—1907-1911-1912-1917
Visual mixer prices of $1.00 per cou- -1922-1927-1932 and 1937 Class *11 *1 T I T> 1—... Tl/T^
pie will prevail.
Class of 1922 Meets The class of 1922 will hold a meeting in room 263 of the Union at 10 a.m., while other members of the alumni will go to the practice field to watch the freshmen push each other around in a preview of the “Future Greats” of football. A women’s Hockey Game will be held on the Athletic Field at the same time between teams selected from the hlumnae and from the seniors
and faculty.
Luncheons for the classes of 1907,
1911, 1912, 1917, 1922, 1927, 1932, ners. and 1937 will be held in the Union Bowling,
Ballroom at 11:45 a.m. Fraternity and Sorority luncheons will begin
at 12:06 p.m.
Class Reunions Everyone will take time out in the afternoon to go out to JRossAde Stadium to watch the Riveters in the game with Iowa. Formations by the Military Band between halves and class reunions after the game on the field will seive to keep the alumni occupied for the greater portion of the afternoon. Tea Dance After Game Attention will be shifted back to (Continued on page 4)
Luncheons—Ballroom, Purdue Me-
morial Union Building.
12:05 p.m.—Fraternity, Soror-
ity, and Hall Luncheons.
2 p.m.—HOMECOMING GAME —IOWA vs PURDUE. Purdue’s “ALL-AMERICAN” MILITARY BAND. Class Reunions after the
game on the Gridiron.
4:45 p.m.—Free Smoker and Tea Dance—Memorial Union Building. Musical Tea—Hall of Music Studios (for former Glee Club and
Choir members)
6:00 p.m.—Organization Din-
PROBABLE LINEUP
POSITION IOWA L.E Parker L.T Walker L.G Curran C Diehl (C) R.G Anderson R.T Staak R.E Burkett
PURDUE
King Rossi Miller (Co-C) Johnson Powers French Combs Hajzyk Smock
Dr. James Martin Gillis, ed-
Browsing—Purdue Me-
morial Union Building.
9:00 p.m.—Homecoming Dance —Memorial Union Building, Jack Kirk and his swing band, featuring vocals by Stan Rohn.
TOMORROW
Morning—Breakfast—All Music People. Religious Services — West Lafayette and Lafayette
Churches.
Noon—Fraternity, Sorority, and Hall Luncheons. 4:00 p.m.—Student Musicale — Music Room, Memorial Union
Building.
By Hunt Pershing Some 300 alumni and members of the band and concert choir gathered in the gaily decorated North Ballroom of the Union yesterday evening at 6 p.m. for the annual alumni banquet, honoring Paul Spotts Emrick, director of the Purdue Mil-
itary Band.
W. H. Roberts of Indianapolis' executive vice president of
the Alumni Association, presided at the dinner which featured Ytor of “The Catholic World” Charlie Spi^ak and his orchestra furnishing the music for the speak at the first convocaoccasion. Roberts introduced toastmaster Harry O. Garman, tion for worship of the year
Sci. ’02 and CE ’04, who served as Sunday, November 2, ac-
secretary and treasurer of the Band back in 1901-1902 when the organization was yet in the embryo stage.
Birthday Cakes For Choir
At the conclusion of the dinner.
All freshman and sophomore miniature birthday cakes were
Richard T. Ball, CE ’43, was named winner of the annual M3i-
Q’D Couppee tary Ball decoration contest, accordL.H Farmer ing to an announcement received
Meakim IR.H Mertes or Vollenweider last night from the Military Bbjl Petty F.B Green or Strauss Committee. His designs were picked
OPFICIALS-Releree, James Masker, Northwestern; um-
pire, G. Simpson, Wisconsin; head linesman, Ray Eichenlaub, plan for the background. 1110 anNotre Dame; field judge, A. A. Schabinger, Springfield. nuai Ball will take place in the
' Union Ballrooms on Nov. 14 from
are completely aroused to the task of getting back into the ^ p- music provided Big Ten win column. Coach Anderson, widely known for his ""T^e entriL wL^tek^L^SSc^ surprising upsets, has been hard at work with the Hawkeyes sid^ration and the winning desi^ this week to attempt to help them was selected at a meeting held im- ^ ^ ^ regain the touch that outgained and mediately following the deadline
nearly defeated a strong Michigan set for the submitting of plans, team a couple of weeks ago. Ticket Sales Begin Monday The Hawkeyes employ virtually m- , . - ,..1- t. -i, , ,, X * i 4.1. 4. XT- Tickets for the Ball will be on the same type of attack that the 11* j m j j ,
Boile^aker, w.U ase. a.artlag f^ their plays from the “T” forma-
tion.
coupled with a speedy running on-
Dr. James M. Gillis Will Speak At First Religious Convo
Exponent
Sports Staff
day from 12:30 to 4:30 p. m. on the
. • T XX T second floor of the Armory. As in Their famous aerial attack xt,„ „ x x- t x -1, . j a.. : tickets will be available
Monday to Arm^ Reserve Ofilciers, advanced military ' students and band officers. On Tuesday Basic military students and band meTnhqra may buy tickets, and on WedU^day tickets 'Wi|l be available tO all seniors and juniors in the Univer-
sity.
On Thursday, the sales will be transferred to the Cashier’s ofdfie itt the Executive Building, where all
Today’s game will be broadcast by the following stations: WBAA, Purdue; WISH, WIBC, and WFBM, Indianapolis; W O W O, Fort Wayne; WBOW, Terre Haute; WHO and KSO, Des
Moines, Iowa.
cording to an announcement
by Dr. Laurence Hadley, chair- slaught should give prospect of
man of the religious convoca- open battle throughout. Long University students may purchase tions committee aerials to a pair of honey-fingered the remainder of the 800 tickets
, ends are the specialization of the which will be placed on sale for the Dr. Gllhs IS known as a lec- I^^^n passing artists. Ball.
turer, radio speaker and au- Melton Not Able To Play Tickets this year will be
over
The portrait of Director Paul thor of several books, includ- Boilermaker Co-captain and guard added twenty-five cents
workers on the Exponent Sport’s
Staff are requested to report at the
Union Exponent Office immediately Spotts Emrick was painted by Ran- ing “The False Prophets,” Tommy Melton will, according to of after the Homecoming game Satur- Coates, popular Hoosier art- “This Our Day,” “The Paulists,” last minute reports, be unable' to percent federal amusement day. All will be needed to edit the This'lumZfto cornnlete^theLm^” Commandments” and ^e action in today’s fracas due to ^ct.
sport’s edition of the Exponent Sun- ing. The idea was instigated and day so it is imperative that you be carried through by L. G. Gordner,
there.
’21, a former band member.
It’s Back To Old Purdtie
Alumni From Everywhere Register For 1941 Homecoming Festivities
“Christianity of Civilization.” He the failure of an injured leg tenhas been editor of “The Catholic don to respond to treatment. MelWorld” since 1922, and has also ton played one of the greatest written a weekly column for Cath- games of his playing career last “ olic publications for severals years, year at Iowa to win the acclaim of
bi ought forth for the menibers of A few years ago Dr. Gillis ap- the Hawkeye coach, who named him the concert choir which is celebrat- peared at a similar religious con- “the best guard I’ve seen this year.” ing its tenth anniversary this year, vocation here at the University. The fighting right guard’s posiThe choir undei the leadership of Choir Will Sing tion in the Boilermaker line will Albert P. Stewart, diiector of the In addition to the principal speak- fall into the capable hands of junUniversity choral gioups, rendered er, the convocation program will ior Bill Powers, who will be startseVeral selections at the banquet, include music by the Purdue Uni- ing his first game as a Boilermaker, among them George Ade Davis’ versity Choir of 260 voice, directed Powers was out most of last sea-
(Continued on page 4)
By Art Hunter
Alumni from here, by there and everywhere assembled in the Union yesterday afternoon at 2 p. m. as the annual alumni registration and
Hugh Thuerk, M9, First To Register; Mansfield, First Father, Son to Return secretaries were able to uncover a
get-together marked the official few facts and figures, opening of the 1941 Homecoming At the time of this writing the festivities. oldest grad registered in this year’s The registration office next to the alumni files is Harry E. Rank, Sci.
“Back To Old PuiGue.” by Albert P. Stewart. David E. Ross, president of the Last year’s religious convocations
festivities to watch a Boilermaker ®®aid of Trustees, arose to official- included several well-known trav-
victory; second, that he wished to ly welcome the alumni to this year’s eler author speakers, among them f /Ci’i/jan Vt/i/f P/31/ visit his daughter Jean, a member Homecoming activities. He was fol- Robert Russel Wicks, dean of the ^ VJIVCfl ff III ridy of the Pi Beta Phi sorority, who is Swezey, local di- Princeton University chapel, the . _ _ ^ registered, as a sophomore iri the i’®®tor of the Alumni Association, Right Reverend Fulton J. Sheen, of /\t tfeG rOSt-^SITie
University; and last he was seeking presented silver trophies to Catholic University, Washington,
i
Sigma Nu Celebrates 50th Year On Campus 100 Delegates To Atfendl Dinner In Union Tonight More than 100 Sigma Nu’s will attend a banquet in the faculty
son with a leg injury and has been lounge of the Union tonight cele-
to fill a vacancy in his company
four of the football team of ’16 who
with an University EE. honored guests at the ban-
Likes Homecoming Decorations quet.
To a query as to his opinion of Mai Elward Talks
this year’s Homecoming decora- Coach Mai Elward was then in-
west desk, of the Union was a ver it- 84, whose perennial appearances ^jons he replied, “They look better troduced and he gave a brief “beablebeehive of activity as the grads ut Homecomings and Gala Weeks fy,a,n ever; the fellows have cer- hind the scenes” talk, reviewing the —young and old, father and son, have made him a well known Uni- put a lot of thought and time 1941 season for the alumni, baldheaded and otherwise—signed versity figure. It is rumored that he their 1 espective displays.” In Spotts Emrick was finally preup for the affairs of the week-end. registers for each Homecoming at course of our conversation it sented to the alumni at which time
Homecoming Atmosphere
the preceding Gala Week and vice brought out that Thuerk was (Continued on page 4)
We wandered among the compact intact his uiihtary editor of the Exponent * j„ XI X ij i-„ 4? J long line of firsts. The first la- iv, no onri i-v.a+ v.^ -.-aaii.r
groups of grads that could be found
back in ’19 and that he was really
clustered throughout the entire Un- combination to put surprised at changes wrought
ion yesterday afternoon, keeping t^eir names on record this year com paper in the past few years,
our eyes open and our ears to the ^ ^ Richai^ G. Mansfield EE ground in the process of soaking up ’0^’ Niagara Falls, N. Y., and his
At latest notice, the gi'ad who traveled farthest to visit his alma
the atmosphere of University home- Richard L., EE 39, from Cleve- m. Gano, CE ’20,
coming. Everywhere distinguished ®
grads could be seen dropping their Thuerk First To Register dignity at a moment’s notice as Making numerous inquiries they indulged in violent periods of the office of Eth B. Baugh, execu-
Annual Horticultural Show Offers Prizes For Best Displays Annual Horticultural Show will
from Woodwaid, Okla, However, various sections of the countiy
were well lepiesented for names of be held on Nov. 7, 8, and 9 in the Wilmington, Del.; Birmingham, Hoiticultural Building. Piizes will
D. C., Dr. Henry W. Hobson, Dr. Ralph W. Sockman of New York City, and Dr. Louis S. Mann, a.l.w. Homecoming Exhibits Will Be Judged Today Homecoming decorations will be judged this morning by Lloyd V. Moser, prominent architect, and a
committee of three. Lighting effects -weeks ago.
were judged last night. Actual de-
tails will be judged today.
Lloyd V. Moser, of Lafayette, is chairman of the judging committee and has been appraising homecoming exhibits for several years. Other members of the committee are Mrs. John S. Morrison, secretary of
brating the fiftieth anniversary of the founding of the fraternity on the University campus. Charter members of the chapter wiil be guests of honor at the banquet. Charles Cottingham, author and lecturer of Alexandria, Va.; John S. Wright, advertising director of Eli Lilly and Company, Indianapolis ; and James W. Noel, vice chairman of the University board of trustees, of Indianapolis, are idle
rooms of tbe Union immediately founders who will speak at
after the final gun of the game to- ^ e banquet.
day. His smooth swing music will Biddle, comptroller of Bireplace the customary tea dance University and vice-regent “music from recordings.” The bdind national fraternity, will also made its most recent appearance ®P®^^ _ ^1^® banquet, at which on the campus playing for the reg- ^ representing each period in ular Saturday night mixer two ^ recount
Tea Dance In Union Irv Given and his college band will be featured at the post game tea dance to be held in both ball-
events of their undergraduate dhys
Student Union is sponsoring this Univei'sity.
special tea dance for both Home- banquet climaxes a day-lqng coming alumni and students. There celebration; after watch
backslapping which are the true live secretary of the Alumni Asso- Ala.; and Erie, Pa., could be found be awaided for ths.best exhibit of Tippecanoe County Ait Associ- ^ _ _ , _ . '’ Q'Tirvn Mv’c \A/ l ;Qv»lrr\'n oi^rio-r
will be no charge and everyone is
invited to attend.
Little Theater Director Speaks Before Kiwanis
prerequisites of all Homecoming elation, we discovered that the first after greetings. grad to register yesterday after- alumni. Dr'ifting to our ears were such noon was one Hugh C. Thueik, EE typical phrases as “Bill, you old ’19, president of the Bradford Elec- ' sonufagun, where have you been hi- trie Company, Bradford, Pa., and bernating for the past two years?” member of Acacia fraternity,
or “Charlie, you’re looking fine, but what’s happened to you): waist-
line?”
Uncovers Pacts We then dropped in at the registration office to pick up a bit of in-
the signatuies of returning flowers, fruits, vegetables and other
horticultural crops. Although exhibits are
mainly by students, the general public is also fiee to enter. There is no entry fee, but all entries become the property of the Show and
ation, Mrs. W. Carlton Speck, artist of Columbus, Ohio, and Louis M.
Kelly Yeaton, new director of La-
t> u 4. -tir X T 4! XX A • X fayette’s Little Theatre, spoke on X J Busche, of West Lafayette, Assist- xx. j 1 x , x, x x, entered xoxxt a j; x a x ^u® development and future of the
ant State Leader of County Agents
Notice
ing the Homecoming football game, alumni will attend a moi^tgageburning at the chapter houae at which T. A. Coleman, chairman at the Purdue Sig^a Nu Associatiea,
will officiate, j.h.w.
Notice
It should be understood that apiy
Just before the Alumni banquet To Members of the Faculty r--x—-.7 — 1 n yesterday evening we managed, by 'fhe regular monthly meeting of are sold at the close of the exhibit. BucHanan dint of dragging him from a circle the Faculty will be held on Monday, On the various committees reof friends, to obtain an interview. October 27, at 4 p. m. in Eliza sponsible for the show are E. E,
Thuerk stated that his purpose was Fowler Hall,
threefold in visiting the University A full attendance is expected.
jTj 47C-XX J/-I XT7. - theatre in this country last Thurs- — .v. u..uvaoii.uuu uoift —- and Judge of State and County Fair , x xi_ t x? xx i-- • x., , . • x- x. Exhibits ^ Lafayette Kiwanis Club Hallowe en noting on the put flf
meeting at Lincoln Lodge. students will not be condoned by tbe The little theatre movement in University. Notice is now given thilt communities was presented as an any student of the University gnt^y outlet for the expression of art, and of participation in any rush riottyy
C. E. ’38, has recently been for utilizing leisure time. “Amer- or any damage to property wHI
McCracken, manager; R. W. Lin- advanced to the position of Person- ica,” said speaker Kelly, “has what be considered as eligible to r««u|}a dahl, J. F. Knop, C. M. Shull, assist- nel Supervisor and Safety Adminis- is left of the theatre in the world, in the University.
formation on returning grads, and this year—first, that he naturally ppon interrupting one of the busier journeyed baek for Homecoming
Edward C, Elliott, ant managers, and E. A. Wolf, trator of the Standard Oil Company and what this country does with it President premium managert a.m.p. • . of Indiana. will be important with its future."
Bdward C.ii
« -k * \ V ’ J-^ i
SMurday, *><
m-
)
ffttmecqming’s The Time Wh^n
Tottege Life Is Like The Movws’lkea Of It
W^-.
Someone once said' that Homecoming is the tiffte when all the old graduates come back and get di'in^k and blame it on the undergraduates, and the undergrads get drunk and blame it on the old grads. Students look upon it as^a good excuse to forget about classes and books,jand the alumni use it as a reason fqr ^rgettiag their work and troubles. However, Homecoming is a word that has a lot of meaning for many people. When it is mentioned, both alumni and students recall many happy hours of visiting and reminiscing with old friends, football games, dances, banquets, and a school spirit that is matched at n» other time of the year. It is an occasion when graduates renew those old college friendships; a chance to join friends that ate seen at no other time. So it is that we have entered into another of those memorable week-ends. Yesterday alumni, parents, and relatives began their pilgrimage to the campus. At 6 o’clock last night they gathered for the annual banquet in the
Union ballrooms. Spotts Emrick and the Concert Choir were both honored at that time. Following the dinner, Charlie Spivak and his orchestra played at the Homecoming Dance, and everyone will be out early this morning to look over the Homecoming decorations, which add much to the color of the week-end. The principal event, of course, will be the football game this afternoon between the fighting Boilermakers and the boys from Iowa. To add to the afternoon’s entertainment Purdue’s military band has prepared several new stunts for the spectators. After the game there will be class reunions on the gridiron, smokers, a tea dance, and another Homecoming dance in the Union, Here is an occasion that is similar to a big show, resembling college life as the movies picture it. It’s a show that deserves top rating
by any critic.
To the alumni we say “Hello.” Have a good time, graduates and students, but don’t blame it on each other. Blame it on Homecoming.
Credit In CAA Training ■ CAA Students entering the Army Air Corps may now receive ci'edit for prior flight training, the War Department has just announced, A change in regulations permits .flying time up to a niaximum of 30 hours to be credited to aviation cadets, within the discretion of • the Ail: Corps supervisor. Sixty hours of flight training i's the requisite for graduation. The War Department may in this way take advantage of the Civilian Pilot Trainings Program. Pull, information concerning the Army Aip Corps'.may be obtained at the University Armory, a.l.w. John Graham ■ staff instructor’ in fhe,'University military department, has been promoted to the rank of captain, according to a release from the War . Department. Graham has been an instructor here since Jan-
uary, 194i.
I0.:00—^Nffws 10:10—Curio Man . ^ 10:15—Music 10:30—WB A A Presents 10:46-f—Theatre of Song 11:00^—Just Kids il:li5—Music 11:30—High School Guest 11:50—Purdue News 12:00—Woman Shopper 12:15—Tune Time, Charlie Powell 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Markets 1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—The Army Speaks 1:45—Pre-Game Dope 2:00—Football Game, Purdue vs. iowa 4:30—Afternoon Melodies 4:45—^Little Miss Muffett 6:00—Just Relax 6:15^—Janeth D^on, singer
‘,6.:3p:^MtiMc. 6:46—Cul’I'p Man 6:6.0—News ,., . , 6:00—Dinner Music 6:30—Sports 6:46—^Music 7:0.0—News of the Week^. 7:16—Music 7:30—Petite Musicale._ 8:00—Music , 8:16—Scientific News 8:30—Eventide Echoes
8:46—Prom the Press Box 9':O^^G0h^ehf'Masier- ■ . -9:30—MiJsic, ■ 9:56—News .10:o6—OFF THErAIEi '
e
VttSmKTOH MERHV-eO-
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Jesse Jones, Controlling Purse Strings, Becomes Most Powerful In Cabinet WASHINGTON,, Oct. 24.—If you gave the average voter three guesses as toswho is the most powerful man in the government next to Roosevelt, he would probably name the Vice President, or the Secretary of State or the. Chief Justicd of the Supreme Court. Not one out of ten would hit the bull’s eye by naming the Secretary of Commerce. Officially the Secretary, of Commerce rates next to last in the Cabinet. He sits only one notch hi.gher than the Secretary of Labor. But unofficially and actually, thi.S relative obscure Cabinet job rates right next to Roosevelt—all due to the shrewdness of the man ,who sits in the Commerce chair—Jesse Holman Jones of Houston, Texas. This is all because Jesse, when offered the job of, Commerce Secretary, said he would take it only if permitted to remain as Federal Loan Administrator. And Roosevelt, thinking Con g r e s s would never approve, said Je.sse could have both jobs if Congress passed a resolution to that effect. And Congress — after some adroit back-slapping by Jesse— immediately passed the resolution. So now he not only sits in the Cabinet, but controls the purse Strings of the greatest spending program ever undertaken by any government, in any country, at any time in history. To get a faint idea of Jesse Jones’ power, consider the fact that in normal times the Securities and Exchange Commission is busy passing on dotations of stocks and bonds for (^on.struction of new plants and all. kinds of business expansion. But no\y the SEC is idle and Wall Street in the doldrums. All the plant expansion is financed by the Goyei'iiment. And Jesse Jones is the Czar who shells out the dough. Hoover Holdover Not many people realize it, but Jesse Jones is the only Roosevelt
Cabinet member who is a holdover from the Hoover Administration. (Henry L. Stimson was brought into the Roosevelt Cabinet after serving under Hoover, but only after being out of office seven years.) It was 'Herbert Hoover who first appointed Jesse to the Reconstruction Finance Corporation, and there are many around the President who very sincerely believe that Jesse, today, still represents Herbert Hoover inside the Cabinet more than he I'epresents the New Deal. They like Jesse, because he is one of the most genial men in Washington; but they are con- : vinced he has undone Roosevelt reforms—through his control of loans—faster than the President has been able to pass reforms through Congress. Take, for instance, Jesse Jones’ current contract with the Aluminum Corporation of America. No company has been more persistently prosecuted for old deal monopolistic practices than this giant corporate child of Andrew W’. Mellon. It has even been indicted criminally for conspiring with Germany to limit magnesium—a material vital to the manufacture of airplanes'. And every housewife has been asked to scrape together her old pots and pans as a result of Alcoa’s short-sighted monopoly. However, RFCzar Jones has just negotiated a contract, with Alcoa whereby he hands them .several million dollars to build new aluminum plants, and Alcoa, with absolutely no expense to itself, builds three plants at TVA, Bonneville and Mas-: sina, N. Y., then wiltes its own ticket regarding their management and operation. Jesse Jones, living in the days of Hooverism and Andrew Mellonism, not only approved, but'applauded the Old Deal contract. Ickes Butters Jesse At present a battle royal is being waged between Jones and Harold Ickes over this deal, which illustrates the old deal philosophy of the Secretary of Commerce. It was Ickes, not Jones, whom the Aluminum Corporation first approached regarding the building of new plants. Bernard Baruch brought Arthur F. Davis, head of the company, to see Ickes. Davis cocked his head on one side, told Ickes what a ferocious man he was and said he wanted government financing for an aluminum plant which would get electric power from Bonneville Dam, which Ickes supervises. Davis said he would build any kind of plant the Government wanted and would manage it for the Government. Ickes replied he would be glad to cooperate, and sent Davis to Jesse Jones to get the money. Then, knowing Je.sse’s proclivity for trading Uncle Sam’s shirt away
to any corporations coming dowB the pike, Ickes made it a point to see his Cabinet colleague and goodnaturedly prod him into driving a good deal fqr the Government. “You’re just the man to negotiate this contract,” Ickes told Jones. “You’re tough. You can drive a real bargain.” The Secretary of Commerce smiled with condescending pride. “You’ve got the same qualities, Harold,” he purred. “You just haven’t had the experience.” In the end, the RFCzar proved about as tough as the salmon eggs spawned at Mr. Ickes’ Bonneville Dam. And the Secretary of Interior, suspecting this, warned Jesse, verbally and in writing, that he wanted to see a copy of the contract between Alcoa and the Government, in advance. Ickes also told Jones that he wanted to see the contract in plenty of time so he wouldn’t be accused 6f holding up national defense. Time passed. Finally just before Ickes was leaving town for two weeks, Jesse Jones sent over the Alcoa contract. It gave the Aluminum Company everything but the kitchen sink. Ickes protested, asked that the terms be modified in favor of, the Government. Later, a few modifications were made and the contract Gvas flown to Ickes in the Far West. But this time Jesse Jones and Davis had put their heads together and .signed it first. Alcoa Gets All Here is what they agreed to: 1. Alcoa, despite its use of Government money and Government power,''was to produce only the amount of aluminum it desired. In other words, production as regulated by what it produced in its own plants, and any time it shut its own plants, it could also close down the governmentowned factories. 2. The Government got no real control over aluminum prices. A fancy price formula was worked out, but since Alcoa will purchase its bauxite or raw material from itself, actually it can regulate the price. 3. The Government is to get fifteen per cent of the net profits; but only after all expenses have been paid ..\nd included in these expenses is '/2C per pound paid to Alcoa for .salaries of executives, and ',4 c a pound for various overhead. Finally, various Ickes proposals to head off Alcoa from being able to perpetuate its monopoly were flatly vetoed. For this, the RFC takes all the financial I’iskund Mr. Ickes supplies cheap electric power. Thus the Aluminifm Corporation, with no risk, no money advanced, is not only guaranteed its expenses, but gets a ti'emendous profit. Mr. Ickes protested. But not wanting to delay defense, he had to give in. For
fiwidwL. fxponmL All-American 1940-^41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of -March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized .lanuary 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for .$3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00. ■
Edilor-in-Chief . News Edliur Spurts Editor
..Ned A. Ochiltree ..John L. Traugott Phil Johnson
Eusiness Manager.. Manajfinfi: Editor... Coed Editor
/
Don S. Powers .Leland W. Ruffner Ruth Rose
Publication Staff AsBociate Editors Editorial Staff: J. F. Arnus, J. H. Armsironfi:, D. T. Brophy, R; E. Hadley, F. 1. Jones, K. (J. Kieper. Bports Staff : O. T. Clark, J, 1). Fraser, J.. R. Keeler. iSlaff: Mary K. liti.vnttjn, Alicp ChaUitdd, Jane Kamsdell.
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna Siess; Office Manager: Lee Bossong. Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Francis Lloyd, Jtilia Marlin.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
rtifiiiiK I)y . National. Advoi-tis-
I'vicc, Ine., College Publishers Representatives, 420 II Ave.. New Yorlt, N. Y. . *
Represented for national ad
inir Se Madisij
Staff For This Issue
Nijclit Editor:, Jones Sports Editor: Keeler Issue Editor: Rafert ‘Reporters: K. A. Klosson, K, Alirens, 0. Hass, I,. Sloane, W. X. Siirnmei'K, ft. W. Oelijllree, J. l..auer, P. Stenberij, A.
NiK-lit Editor: Uropliy Sports Editor: Clark Issue Editor: I). Ochiltree Coed Editor: Rumsdell Workers: I'rantner, Wickard. Ueule, Konnemore, Slievell, Glaspie, Smitli, Hunter, Lauer. Sports Workers: P. G. Miller, G. M. J'ntter, ..J. ,S. Dawson, R, J,. litirnes.
Cabinet Colleague Jesse Jones remembered the old days when his first presidential mentor, Herbert Hoover, fought so hai'cl against government operation of Muscle Shoals and against building Boulder Dam. And Jesse seems bent oh keeping the country back in those dear old dead days of Herbert Hoover. (Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
SUN.-MoN;S-2 Hits 4-STIR TRIUMPH
smORGARSON
— ALSOHIS SCALPEL CONTROLLED TEE DESTINY OF A PEBLIC ENEMY WHO THEEATENED TO EXPOSE HIS FUTDRE!
JOHN BEAL ^ ^ FLORENCE RICE EDWARD NORRIS • WARD BOND LAST DAY —2 HUr” Three Mesquifeers in 'Otitlaws of GHerokee Trail' —ALSO— FRANK ALBERTSON in "CITADEL OF CRIME"
ummErK STARTS SUNDAY
with FRANK CLAIRE MOSGiUdllEyOB MARJORIE ALBERT MAIN-DEUEB HENRY O'NEiU
LAST TIMES TODAY-
See What Gees, on Behind . the. Deprsrof .e Model's , \;v,'BoMdoirL,
\--h;i»fu.sjbaring' . Added Attraction HOW TO BECOME . A MODEL INTIMATE—REVEALING ADULTS ONLY TONITE MIDNITE SHOWS ONLY
ALL SEATS 35c plus fax Tickets on Sale 10:30 P. M.
. —today— DOUBLE FEATURE
GENTLEMAN FROM CALIFORNIA With RICARDO CORTEZ — PLUS — 'TIL WE MEET AGAIN — WITH — GEORGE BRENT
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
\ r-,AND
i^ramounl Rresenlt GiarenceLMuiforiPs illNOID COLORADO
ALSO:-
'CAPT. MARVEL" RATHE NEWS
SUNDAY - MONDAY MODEL WIFE BEHIND THE NEWS POPEYE CARTOON
Good Luck r'-f nj \..0 ' .'to PURDUE ' r i'V i ■ on this Honioeoming
221 State S*. Phone 2240 'Rebuilding Shoes is Our Specialty''
GET HER TO HAPPfNisi
Langh and Roajt TUI Y»,ttr Sidea Ache! ItV the FUNKIEST COMfDY of His Careei'!
MARS Starts f dbXf
ALUMII
We’rR GLAII In have
YOU hack
Tii watch YDUH TEAM
Smnllmr thiise
HAWKEYES
I
% . 'I
J-
it.) SI k ■ V u A t>»v#v
it •M <i^
it\
I
^ -
Saturday, Octobdr 23,1941
t i ''^rt
'•i ■
4
ffdil&rmdKei^ Sports Parade
'' V *’14''^^. V
Frosh Gridders Meet In intrasquad Game Today
f H
• A Tough Day's Program Today’s pigskin predicting chore is the toughest of the 1941 season, not only in the Western Conference, but throughout the nation as a whole.
• Purdue vs. Iowa The outcome of today’s Homecoming attraction depends a lot on the resiliency of the Hawkeyes, their ability to come back after a drubbing last week. Iowa City reports lead everyone to belief that the Hawkeyes are mad, not particularly at Purdue, but jugt becausp they ate the next opponent. They have nearly the same team that the Boilermakers had such a hard time beating last year, and should be much better. But’ then we expect the Boilermakers not to wait until 3 p. m. to get started like they did at Ohio State, but to get going promptly at game time with the brand of football whch the^ are capable of playing. They’re due for a good battle. The sophombres aren’t untried any more, but tried and proven. After a good game, Purdue 26-Iowa 13. • Indiana vs. Wisconsin Bo McMillan and the boys to the south haven’t been kind to our predictions as yet. Both teams have great sophomore talent which has steadily been improving. Maybe it’s suicide, but we’ll take Bill Hillenbrand over Pat Harder. Indiana 20-Wisconsin 13. • Ohio State vs. Northwestern Paul Brown got badly singed in his first Big Ten game last week. We think he’ll get badly burned this week. Northwestern’s Graham, DeCorrevont, Clawson, Benson, Chambers, and Kepford are hard to stop. The Buckeyes’ best back, Jack Graf, is injured. Northwestern 21-
Ohio State 6.
Cross-Country Sturdy Co-Captain
Team Opposes Badgers Today
• Minnesota vs. Michigan We pick Mic ... we pick Michi . Minnesota 14-Michigan 13.
(just haven’t got the nerve).
• Fordham vs. Texas Christian This game is one of the few from which the Boilermakers will be able to decide any relative strength between themselves and next Saturday’s opponent, the Fordham Rams. Texas Christian is the team that had a hard time beating Indiana a couple of weeks ago. Fordham 23Texas Christian 13. • Notre Dame 27—Illinois 6 • Michigan State 21—^Wayne 0 ^ . • Vanderbilt 20—Princeton 13 • Stanfbrd 1/4—^Washington 13 )
IM Schedules
TOUCHBALL Monday, October 27 Field 1 Ward 10 vs Ward 8 Bernhard 2 Ward 22 vs Ward 26 Captain 8 Ward 26 vs Ward 24 Meyer 4 Ward 33 vs Ward 1 Noland 6 Ward 23 vs Ward 27 Tepas I
6 Ward 29 vs Waid 30 Glazcr 7 Ward 12 vs Ward 32 Olds 8i Ward 11 vs Ward 28 Rafferty / 9 Delta Chi vs Phi Delta Theta Burghardt 10 Cary Hall 14 vs Cary Hall 9 Jewett 11 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 11 Beaman FINAL. SOFTBALL GAME Monday, October 27 Field 6 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon .Tones, umpire
With three victories under their belts, the^ undefeated Boilermaker cross country team will meet Wisbonsin at Madison this morning at 11 o’clock. I Seven Make Trip Coach Phillips and his proteges hope to stretch their victory chain to four straight. Ohio State, Indiank jand Illinois have fallen bjs the wayside and now its the Badgers’ turn to land in the same spot. Phillips pins his hopes on Ed Holderman, Don Kemp, Woody Appleton, Charlie Duesler, Darrell Roach, Keith McLaughlin and Gus Boughan. It’s Cold Country The three and one-half mile course at Madison is not as hilly as the one here which will make it easier for the Riveter squad. The Madison course runs parallel to the lake which is on the campus. This lake was frozen when the Boilermakers defeated Wisconsin two years ago. Tom Jones, who coaches the Badgers, has been in the game for twenty-eight years which makes him one of the most expeiieneed coaches in the Western Conference. The Madison fans have a great respect for their coach and they always turn out in large numbers. At one time more than 5,000 loyal rooteis turned out to watch the Badgeis run. Riveters Look Good According to the record, the Boilermakers are going to be a veiy hard team to beat. Phillips’ boys are iiding on the ciest of the wave and with the best prospects in years, should come out on top. g.m.p. Prof, D. D. Ewing
Varsity, Freshman Future Greats Show Off For Returning Alumm Tankmen Compete Homecoming Highlights
In inlrasqiiad Meet
. . . Tommy Melton is nursing a badly sprained ankle. He must ^it on the bench today and watch his mates battle Iowa in the Homecoming game while ... ,
Aggressive
John Dilley, brilliant sophomore swimmer, lived up to his famous reputation as he swam the 125 yard back stroke race in near-record time yesterday afternoon as swimming team held intrasquad races in
ihe Fieldhouse pool. Frosh Extend Varsity
Captain Dick Kratzer swam a fine race against teammates Herr and’Lebaw and won even though f Herr pushed him hard all the way. The 150 yard breast stroke held plenty of thrills for the spectators as Varsity Joe Williamson barely nosed out Freshman Roy Heidke after ^Heidke had led most of the
way.
After all the individual races weie over. Coach Papenguth assigned the swimmers to two different teams, the “A” team and the “B” team, and each man swam his own event for 50 yards thus making a medley relay race. The “B” team, led by Free-styler Fred Herr,
won by a slight margin.
Swimming Party
The Dolphin Club, composed of swimmers and followers of the tank
As one of the highlights of the gala Homecoming week-end, the annual freshman intrasquad game will be staged this morning at 10 o’clock on Ross-Ade Field. This will be the "big game” as far as the Rhinies are concerned since their only other appearance before a crowd was at the start of the season against the varsity.
Head Coach Burnham and hi» staff have divided the squad of sortie fifty gridders into two teams, the Golds and the Blacks. The outstanding players will be equally distributed over both teams, so the contest should develop into a close, hard
fought one.
Sophs Do Coaching Two outstanding sophomore play-
Varsity Squash Team Meets Strong Alumni In Pre-Season Match
. . Bill Powers takes over t^e Q J
right guard position and hopes to play a strong enough brand of ball to keep Tommy on the sidelines for a part of the remaining games of
... of the Electiical Engineering school will attend the annual meeting of the Board of Trustees at
Homecoming of Ohio Northern the Boilermaker schedule. University, Ada, Ohio, this week. - Professor Ewing is an alumnus of Typical yearly expense at state-
This week being Homecoming
week, a squash match has been ar- grs, Vernon Erk and George Burkranged between the Varsity and the hart will serve as coaches for the Alumni. The Alumni will try to Gold and Black squads respectively, prove that they are still as good as goth fellows starred in the game ever. The match will take place this last year as freshmen, but were mornin gat 10 o’clock and will last forced out of action in varsity comuntil noon. Eveiyone is invited and petition this year due to injuries the boys will put on a good show. sustained early in the season. Former Captains Compete fhe match this morning will be The Alumni team will be repre- unusual in that no intermissions sented by the former captains Tony .^ill be taken and sixty minutes of Sokolowski and Jack Noll of Cleve- 'uninterrupted football will be run land, Ohio; Bob Juve of Akron, off. The first stringers of the Gold Ohio; John Lucek of Booneville; ^ud Black squads will tangle durJames Maun of Milwaukee, Wis., jjjg the first and third quarters, and F. E. Fields and R. W. King jj, the second and fourth periods of E. St. Louis, 111. Other members the reserves will mix it up. participating will be Maurey Wake- Seveial outstanding first year
sport, is holding a swimming party Detroit, Mich.; Dave Blitz may develop into future for Dolph Alums tomorrow in the Springfield, Ohio; R. M. Morley gi-eats will make their appearances pool from 10 to 11:30 o’clock. This Greenfield; Bruce Carr of Chi- tj,jg morning. Anderson, a big buridea was formulated by Fred Herr, ‘^ago, and R. E. Jordan of Rantoul, ly fellow at left end for the Gold this year’s Dolphin president, and ,, ■ j, team, looks the part of a real comChuck Siler, last year’s prexy and , Varsity team will consist of gj. ^^d should prove himself before Varsity Swim Captain. of the game. The b„,s hope .hat thi. get-.o- j! Jlr'Ser’ptSLt gather will be i«at .he beg.n..„s of dun„“ .he,?r.S ..rt
for a biith on the team will be new- g^^s against the varsity. Heading comers who weie members of last host of fine backfield men are year’s Freshmen varsity squad. scrappy little field generals. They are H.J.Wilkans.E.P. Wells, d^gg Cofall. A standout at F E. Meyer, R W. Boydston F. C. finback is big Ott Hurlie who wifl Hess, C. M. Stearns and L. M. ^^ke care of the kicking duties for Thiasher. the Gold team in addition to his Things Are Looking Up g^are of ball toting, j.s.d. The Varsity has been practicing ^^6 complete lineup is as follows:
regularly and is getting in shape
for the coming series of
a new Alumni policy to promote a greater interest in swimming among the gi’aduates and to help get a good supply of freshman tank
talent each year, r.b.b.
. . . has received promotion to the rank of captain in the Army Air Corps. A graduate of the University in the class of ’35, Captain^Martin taught for two years at Jefferson high school in Lafayette, was
Golds
meets
which will start soon after Thanks- Kendall giving. Clevett and his boys expect c^thier
a good year and they will
AS WIIAl AS SUASHli That Is the Quality of SUNSHINE MILK As Natural as Sunshine Yet Y Improved and Enhanced by j, \ the Most Modern Equipment and Processes That Modern Science Can Devise. ^
PASTEURIZED AND HOMOGENIZEt) SUNSHINE FARMS 807 N. 4iK ’WU'i' mm Phone 5015
Ohio Northern University and has operated co-educational colleges in an instiuctor of economics in the ^ S-u>'P served on the Board of Tiustees for the U. S. is <$463, while the figure University during 1937 and 1938, three years. for piivate institutions is $979. and received his master’s degree in
1940. At present he is base personnel officer at Langley Field, Vir-
ginia.
bear Henry
Hem
WELCOME BACK ALUMS WHILE YOUR HERE DROP IN AT THE UNION WHERE eiASSMATES MEEE WHERE CEASSMATES EAT JhL PuAciwL. Tybmw’imL Union. The Corner of the Campus — i"”' Yet the Center of Activities
Approximately 70,000 college stu-' dents this year hold scholarships valued at more than $10,000,000.
Sigma Alpha Mu
\
. social fraternity was broken
into by an unidentified burglar, who stole approximately $75.00 in cash. The intrusion occurred between the houis of 2:30 and 6:30
a.m. yesterday morning.
Close
Berkley Wojciehowski
Hurlie
Left End Left Tackle Left Guard
Center
Right Guard Right Tackle Right End Quarterback Left Halfback , Right Halfback Fullback
Blacks AUen
-Aitken Denn^n
Sei^l
Dondna Clymer _ Maloney
Cofall Stram
Newmhn
Baker
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
FIRST CHOICE of Good Dressers Crown Cleaning Service belongs wherever smart crowds gather. Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned fiegularly Crown Laundry riNE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
WELCOME BACK ALUMNI! DECKER’S
518 MAIN STREET
PHONE 5036>sdn^mih
tomorrow of> M«« ;sK6w, “Double or Nothto ^ Sfa^^ chorus ^f^t ,^m^th|a Brooklyn Na;;^ ‘i’ard Siii^f '^‘Aliohors Aweigh” with J'oreist ,and two sailors will jiaShfe^dOtt^lt? foil ui^^ c. Walter silver dollars. The probegihs at 5 p. m. Listen, why
Sherlock Holtnesi that famed detective of legend, is to be heard tomi^row nigljt oyer NBC-R at 9:30, wlien he and Dr. Watson are involved in “The Case of the Solitary Cyclist.” The {.mystery takes, place in a secluded country home; so anything can happen. We think it’s worth listening to.
• Platter Ghatler
WAAr NBC
‘ Bieh of tfie sound effects department of the Mutual .'Bi'oadcasting il^tem have in-vmnted a new mahn|Hn ti&Bt,produces sounds resemj^^ Steahi and hot air, we see by ^^pers; How odd! We thought ^’hh^diiieprd similar sounds on the air* ’iibiost evfery day before this.
WttN -'780 - MBS
^m^ good programs: ^ymii'Calls, heard at 7:30 p. m. 0^4?. idutuai, comes, direct from libiidihiu. Looks like a. gooff bet to ^:“S#eeHiCarts,” Victor Herbert's ojertia, will be heard on “Chicago ofj^^the Air,” with soprano ]^^an .Claiife and John Carter, ^nfe Another good one. (MBS, at feiA p; m.)
WLB - B0O • NBC
A Tbi&rrpw’s radio headlines indhdh: .“Walt Disney’s Song Paradbf”^ defense program for Cessna Aircraft Corporation, and Anna |;;^\WpnA^? “Nobody’s
For. one of the fastest rises ,,to the top in bandom, we want to nbm-. inate that guy right- up there,| Alvina Rey. A year- ago . who ..waS he—probably the same fellow he is now with the same band and'the same style, but he just hadn’t found that number that would send him to the top. When he finally found one he got more than he bargained for; he sent two of his .recordings sky high in popularity. One of these was “Nighty Night” and the other was the “Overture trom William Tell.” Now to this list we want to add a number that is gonna’, push Alvino right up to the. last notch; it’s “Who Calls?”, This new one of his is on.va Bluebird and goes under the pen . name . of number 11319.: ;6n the, opening chorus there’s something a little different, a. little new;, a trombone that’s muted just to: a “T” with Rey’s guitar finding a spot here and there to come through on. Bill Schallen picks up the vocal about half way through the disc then leaves to make room for the whole band to make its showing. After a while, you get just what you want—that trombone and guitar combination. These two stick to the job, until all too soon the little spiraling grooves
the Union .witb> a -free smoke^-anff tea dancerat 4:4& p.m. Former Glee Glubi anff .Ghblr: members wilb; be guests at a “muslcabtea” to be Held in, the Music Hall Studios at the saihe’-time.:^^ Organization dinners at 6' p.m. wlllj'',be followeJd by gab-fepts, billiards, bowling, aiid browsing in the Union at 7 p.ni.. ‘ Sunday morning will feature a bi’eakfast for all Music peOple; and religious services in West Lafayette and Lafayette churches. At 4 p.mi a student musical in the Music Room of the Union, Will bring'the week-end to a close.
Rafstoit^, Pex|Per
Harness, Begin
Debris Piroffs Im :;.Sgbidrs niiult select;.^di!ir 1942 Debris proofs by 2 p.m. this aft-ernooni-lf selections are ttot'^made by that time,': pictures , wjlb not 'appear .in,the Debrip, ;, , '
Christidri; Fbunddfion Wiff Eiifcrtaiii Afurniii Old friends returning: alumni rnay renew: acquaintances ,and meet the undergraduates today immcffiately after the game at a special “homecoming; fr-jendly” held by the Christian Foundation. , The grads will be greeted, at 131 South Grant St. by Harriet and Hubert Reynolds. Light refreshments will be served, k.r.
Four former University students have started primary pilot training at Army Aviation Cadet schools, it was recently announced by the Fifth Area Headquarters, at Columbus, Ohio. Louis U. Weitzel, former University, student, Zionsville, and Robert G. Ralston, Ag ’41, Montmorehei, will peeeive their pre-flight training at Wilson-Bonfils Flying school, Ghickasha, Okla.-Richard Dexter, jr.,: Ag ’39, DeMotte, and Edwin A. Harness a former student^ LaPorte, will be trained ^ at Initial Training School, Maxwell Field, Alabama.
U piiyersity .Members Wifi Breseiif Papers
/^Aey Teami
Cadets Transfer
stop spiralin’ and just groove. Backing up “Who Calls?” we'find an-old one that just can’t quit being popular. “On The Alamo” again gets turned inside out With a new arrangement, but even with all this rough treatment, it still seems to be one of America’s best.
After ten weeks primary pilot training at their respective schools, the cadets will transfer to another school for ,ten more weeks of basic flight instruction. A third ten-week pea’iod of flight instruction, at an advanced school, will complete their training. After graduation, they will receive commissions as second lieutenants .in the Army Air Force reserve and go on active duty as a salary of , $245 a month, plus a $600 annual bonus, k.v.
• Out Of this World
FQ»
FAMDUS its BOIVIE STYiE CODKIIVG
MITZI CIFE
The Mask and Wig club up there at the old University of Pennsylvania has certainly turned out another top-notch number. Tommy Dorsey evidently thought it was good, too, because he’s done a scrumdodious arrangement of it on a Victor disc. The name of this U. of P. number is “That Solid Old Man.” We aren’t so sure as to how old it is or whether it’s ,a man or a woman, but we do know that it’s solid. Solid plus. The record seems to follow the same groove worn by T., D.’s “Yes Indeed.” Connie Haines chases the. vocal half through the recording' and then the band conies in for some real solid meat with gravy.
The House: of Friendly Service
4tli and Owen Sts.
Members of the State-4-H Club department staff will hold a workshop program next week bn the causes of and remedies for their problems in 4-H club work. Barnard Joy, senior agriculturist in the extension service of the United State Department of Agriculture, will attend the meetings which last from Monday to Saturday. He will present the problems and act as advisor in the group discussions on the pi-oblems. Others appearing on the program besides the club staff are V. G. Moser, as&irtant county agent of Delawai’e county; C. D. Chambers, county agent of Pike county, and Mrs. Kathei’ine Benner, home demonstration agent of Pulaski county. Purpose of the meetings is to improve the club department sei-V-ice by determining what the major problems are and how the best solution can be obtained, d.e.b.
Playing a traditional undergrad-uate-alumnae battle, two hockey teams will clash! this, hibrnihjg at 10 a. m. on the hockey field. The alhmnae will be dressed in gold tunics while the undergraduate coeds will be wearing black. This game between, form,er hockey team members, and present undergraduate players is an, annual feature of Homecoming; WAA sent postcards to all former players inviting them to take part in. the game and the alumnae sent back the cards if they desired to play in this arinuar rivalry. The game is being sponsored by W-AA hockey. Miss Bond will be umpire. The team members are: Undergraduates: Gail Hennis, Mary Pidgeon, Pat McFarland, Olive Metzger, Monica Buerglas, Opal Blagrave, Bai-bara Ford, Esther Kirkhoff, Virginia Fitch and Shirley’Emhbff. Alumnae: Marjorie Bell, Marietta Johnson, Martha Schroder, Marion Russell, Georgia Walker, Myra McKee, Eileen Westover, Georgia Halstead,: Betty Morehouse, Helen Schleman, Janette Dailey and Helen Hazelton. k.r.
‘ Indiana Academy of Science will hold its fifty-seventh annual meeting at DePauw university on Oct. 30, 31 and Nov. 1. A, general sessidn 'will be held in the morning, and- section programs in the after^ noon; on Oct. 31. Those from University presenting papers in the Botany program are: A. A. Dietz,'E; F. Degering, R. E. Girton, E. R. Park, W. R. Mullison, A, T. Gtiard and W. H. Silver; Chemistry Papers Presenting papers in chemistry are: P. J. El-^ing, W. B. Ligett, M. H. ^Danzig, G. B. Bachman, L. P. Biefeld, Margaret Griffing, M. G. Mellqn, D; R. Mellon, E. F, Degering^ L, .Gillette, K. Schaaf and C. A. Burkhard. Alma Long will present a paper before the psychology section, and J. F. Carlson, J. H. Brunings, J. K. Knipps and R. B. Abbott will present papers inphysics. Zoology Papers •B. E. Montgomery, R. M. Cable, W. A. Hiestand and J.- J. Darts will present papers in the zoology section. The entomolpgis'ts will hold their meeting on Nov. 1., G. E. Gp.uld, chairman of the meeting, B. E. Montgomery, G. E. Lehker, Ivan Brooks, H. Q. Deay, E. N. Wpodbury and G. E. Marshall of the University entomology department will attend this section of the confer-
AGbhtipued-frpjfi t>agei;;|^ f -, bU.-vn '-y ■■ '' '■ hb expressed his thanks for ^the honors of the evening and mlodes|tly sharedrhis.triumph-withvthprf orrher direc|;ors ,of thp band. Thp Joffenson ’B|igH .iSch6pl bandvfheW ma^&ieff iri^ impersonating the Purdue,Military Band of ’02. Following ihpir entrance caime this year’h BJilifary vBahd in its entirety; they-fb'oeiVed a tremendous ovation from the gathering for their stirtirig presen-» tatipn. of the . school songs, , , '
The highlight of the hvenihg’s program came as L. G. Gbrdtier;- ’21, of Indianapolis, Mveiled^ the': pbrtrait of Spotts which wiih sodfl'be given a special iriiohe iri the'iMtisic Hail; The portrait shPivsv'Spotts standing at i atterttionv resplendent in His white fulLdress imff^ gazing into the filture; seeirtg ias Spotts himself so apprtpriatelY-put it “the members of the Bands of the past marching by him, some 3,000 strong.”. ■'
President Blliotfc wound up:- the program with a fitting tribute- to Director Emrick stating “as lohg as we have men like Spotts, there will always-be a Purdue.”
Riveters Meet
(Continued fropi page;!)
playing a great brand of relief ball for Melton this year.
ianisfs Tomorrow
Nominate Candidates ■ W r For Freshman Offices MUSIC KOOITl reillireS
Last Thursday night at a meeting of the newly formed Riveters party, the following men were nominated to run for offices in the annual Green Potters electioft: president, George Slater; vice-president, Dick Weltz; secretary, John Woolling; ti’easurer. Bob Marshall, d.l.g.
Eber H. Smith
. . . has been appointed a senior member of the Military Ball Committee, according to an announcement made yesterday by the military department. Cadet 1st Lt. Smith will serve with the ten other senior members of the committee.
GILLESPIE'S Store, Restaurant and Bar Supplies 221 Columbia St., Phone 6405 LAFAYETTE, IND.
FRESH FRIED TENDERLOIN DELICIOUS HAMBURGERS
West Side Grill
345 State St.
Tomorrow afternoon from 4 to 5 p. m. the Union will present Rosemary Robinson, of Lafayette, and Paul Funk of Earl Park in its second program of the year. Miss Robinson and Funk will begin the two-piano recital with Concerto. No. 1 in B Minor, by Tsebaikowsky. This is only a small part of the program, however; the remainder including compositions by Mozart and Lecuona. The public is invited to attend this recital, which will be held in the Music Room of the Union Building. These programs have become an annual presentation by the Music
Room Committee.
Powers Only Change. Powers’ initiation into the starting lineup, will be the,-only change to be made from the team that her gan against Ohio State; Three sophomores, Meakim, Smock, and 'Haj-^ zyk, along with senior John Petty will comprise the. ■ opening backfield. Petty is, still; having some trouble with a knee injury, and may be relieved by another promising sophomore, John Andretich, or serir ior Rocky Snyder at the fullback post. Andretich has, been going great guns in past week’s practices, and may be expected to receive considerable playing time this after-
Hawkeyes Depend Oh Green
The Hawkeyes’ attack will bq formed around the hard running of fullback Bill Green, one of the Big Ten’s best. Green is a great cutback artist and has averaged nearly four yards a crack in his two conference battles this year. Dictator A1 Coupee will open at the quarterback slot, with Tom Farmer and Bus Mertes or Jim Youel at the halfback positions. ■
Oii MILLS
PORTlLitfT STUDIOS on the Levee
4 Gift with Individuality!
PURDUE’S NEWEST
BOOK
Take Home a Plirdtue Blanket ■— Pillow — Peiinaiit College Pet
Greeting Cards — Souvenirs Stationery
UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
Across from the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons,’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple,’40
Mil!;. II. M. SMITH Are Back at
&
Look-Out Iowa! Purdue’s On the Warpath!
The team’s out to win and we’re backing them all the way! Gootl luck fellows and a hearty welcome to
the alums!
THE FOSTER SHOP
EAST SIDE SQUARE
Welcome Back / Alumni— f
Gheer Purdue / on to /
Victory Over Iowa' 4 /
C. E. WOLFORD For Fine Shoe Repairing West Lafayette, Ind.
WELCbME ALtlMNi
Drop by for a quick, delicious
EDGERTON MDWE.JNC HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT , Phone 4354 We Deliyern,
snack snack. You'll like our 3; snappy curb service, and our =
tasty food.
For a good dinner in a hurry try
/ 3
GREEN GABLES
Mrs. Eslella Brown, Owner and Manager , =i 256 Main St. Levee Phone 4983 li
OF .oAMciii^ Beginner's Class TUES., NOV. 4th, 7:30 P.M. To Experienced Dancers •—Enroll in Our New Advanced Class Wed., Nov. Sfrh, 7:30 p. m. PHONE 2150
sS lARGEiT AKO FIMtd SCHOOl OE DANcW-.
Y ■
. d.
) it
■ V’ .' .
'41 ■i
ri^
} %
i H
^ 1 r .1- ^ . ■< , \ Y4
"I*.
mmipi
'^'~V "”' V" ' ' 41, , iiealtlx Sigrvfcd
wfipm
WWt!«l!t!!i
!S!H#Ji#iB«!
T /
h
Henath Semee «n|ij(ii^n0^d jr«8%er<|ay that the fal]|dwtegfv i^BMw hi^TO fiitaned la)ei|4<j hoapit^Is: F Scantland, f4;6si|iiMH;^^«EestFi( 8tu4pnt> {ji^(»ne j^apjDtal fhr aurjfical 'treatipait^; #**•%?» Science idMWjiilt, £itz9ha% far medl^IntferroWd, e^iot Hpme gita,deat, St ^O^^etltlott medicat^tirea^nieDt, a^d itk,gnes .J^qCuIloch, senior ^oj9to ;E«! stlk)i4?ht; W R H ip^i^arjit ^r ipedtcal tPootnitent. Dtschargod were* C B Leber, ^onittc JMedti^Biwol ^gDreer, jp^^m ^l^z«^eth; and Jeanne Tudpr, ^Unran r^eiOnoo indent, from Hq^me Hospital b g s
.0yiew cteje4lvi)Mfs by Mbs. fBerg, Joe Cunningham, Mrs. C^]I0rM/Ii Wifis Hhbbftrd and, Miss flto]^itil!(S,df % l'i|>fary ^taft.) ffiverybody wants tio read BRRm BURY by Wiliioim L, Shniet, judging from the number of calls for it at the Utiiyorsity I^ib'iary Loan f)esk. ’^hip seyejj-year diary of the international radio commentator bears all the editorial cdmmqpt lyhipb his pqofessiojj a,nd bqav^ Nazi cepsorsbip fotbads Ipm in his news dispatches and broadcasts Ip Paris, Jupe 1034, Mr Shirei ytiShes for a post in Berlin, He gets the post, first aS Reporter for Universal Service, later as a
ONWARD TEAM
CRUSH
THOSE HAWKEYES
ICTORY
i \ West Lafayette
bi«oadc%i8h^ %eQBean but also of the ipany jsTsts m which ^oUndhp "'CSbnsitfshi^ she was entang{!|^|h>i| het MarOng throughout ime year, u’ptiT, ivfvt&td Idve for her famous father It is the of 1040(, he fe^fs bib Itoterestittg to note’ the complete IS a complete farce, a mete recapit- CoirisYdl A:OTon ntamtams ulation of the iHiopa^iaPdaMli^efi l4is' Bauilfhtei: throfighout her press ^ her, yet using het in V Most of SbPrer’b sto^'i have b‘*fftes to achieve his im
read in the press, but without the
editorial overtones which censor-. ftest moot Thaodosia on, her ship forbade, Ifmpbabift here. IS upon, sa^anteeptb birthday which IS c^leall % the GerltfiaV l^ft out by, a diSns^er payty, at whjch of tbeir newspapers They never re- sKd hiCCTS Jobefih Alston, her future pprt, for that the tuft- husband Froim he^e on the stoiy WAffie a||:dipfe^ the enemy,i but fath- continues thpong^ t^e next twelve
er that it makes "reprisals” for the years of her life
barbarous attacks of the Ifeoyal An, The stony ip- Ifiopt rolling by the Force Indeed, most Germans have mid!odu(^)o« of s«db char^ters as ceased buying their papers or )?s- Thomas Jeffersdh, James Men tening to their radios People would wetbm ClfarJf; PqUy Madisoriy and read that t^he British bhmbers Ijad Aaron Burr's strongest enemy
failed to pierce Berhji defenses, Mit Ajeitandor JDalnilton
nekt day would witness the bomb ''i,^MT:iRNS. ON THE LEVEE craters m Tmrgaiton, ^y Atexandey Peicy takes Conversations with eyery type of fbairemw to,tba ^ate> of MississipNazi are here lecorded, with traitor pi In this autobiography we have Loid Haw Haw, with a member of one of the most accurate pictures the Luftwaffe who admues his of a section of the deep South thpt brave Ri^al Air Force enemies, Tias come to us recently In tellipg even witb Sh]|iei’s own censops tbc story pf the fifty five years of Since we know so much of hoiy the jiia life mY tbe Mt^issippi Delta Biitish have lived and felt jlfllioUgh country Percy whites a political, the war, and practically botbiUg of social ancl pponomic history of that
Geiman morale, BERLl^ ^iip®
IS most useful as a documpnf of ^ %e son of an aristocrat (he calls psychological aspects of this World hiiiasqlt ^ ‘‘JalanteFS son”), a lawWar yer W profession,^Jltei atui e is with Lighter fare is piovided by “MY hubl^^g passion mt and subtle huTHEODf^IA” by Anya Seton This, mj^i'^afld trac^^ pf irony fill the the Uuthoi’s first novel, is based on pa^es, tf*at times ^he becomes sentithe romantic life of Aaron Bun’s mentalus remembei that it is beautiful and much loved daughtei, hip 0]^n, life’s that he is tehTheodosia It tells not only of tbe and what man is there without still unsolved myster#^ of hei deat|} sogie trace of sentiment at 66’
Written lyith poetJp chamt And
MMIw
TMs Is ff IVATioiVAl DO-IVUT MDIYTH
Why Not Serve BgKUTS for AU BGCASIONS? ' I ^ l-i ifi, tAe DO-XET SItOP
023 Main Street
Phone 46743
day books, LANTERNS ON 'IWE 18 weft ^ tlow does war allect youth’ One answer js given ni 'KRIS AiftOVB ALL by Eric Kpight, <>be t|he t^-uly pioving rtpvels W come out pf the Second World War. This young British author has cresibe^ a sjfcOry of intense emotjiOh ijavplvu^ tw6 young people of Englnjidj Ft is «ot propaganda but might he applicable to the present generatibn. in
any country
Cli-ve Briggs, a Biitish^r o$ the lower middle class, after serving in the army for a year, finds that he cannot justify hjs rCasqn for fighting Government mefiicieney, laffk of munitions and the> blonderirtg at Versailles m 1910 produce doubt and misgivings as to the pu^pic of this war Deserting tb® army h® finds little solace in any cenverf^ation, acquaintance or mental gtiguing It takes Prue Cathaway to calm the doubting spirit and inspire
Clrve to fight for England,
Eric Knight’s works have always been entertaining, but in this ohe vfe see a superior undertaking that has been very well handled Such a success warrants attention to future contributions from him The lomance that seems to be connected in everyone’s mmd W)^th the South Seas is once again revived by A YANKEE DOCTOR IN PARADISE by Sylvester M Lambert On many islands of the South Seas, Dr Lambert conquered hookworm and helped control and study many other diseases over n period of twenty years However this is not only a study -of disease and medicine but also the biography of a man with a keen sense of humor and a great love of adventure There are exciting accounts of witchcraft, supei stitions and strange customsj and there is afso a very entertaining story of the author’s attempts to leain “pidgin English ” There are fascinating desciiptions of different tribes of people on large and small islands in ^he far Pacific and rather terrible il-
lustrations of ^ow whlfp man, and
their diseases are Viowly piling these tribes If you*^ hked AN AMERICAN r|6GT0!R’& OBByS-
SET by'Victor,Be*--"'
irpoks of ^at
appeal to you plso
.-The Jfoife—> • ••Iq 1
•if. i
t The 'Rmtiis’ gift to the raeit— Jadide Wi^to-^tmide this $totefimKt thA oi^er day; ‘Vm going to he’godd fim* a ivbile bo my dates Will apiiPeeikte file Wbhn Pm Tfad.” Freih hitest re^tta ^e also practices the noble anfbf ^deirdandfiig” in the wee hom’d ef the morning. Qmte the gaj, huh?
What IS this “Green Rornet” organization we’ve, boeu hegnng about lately ’ AH vre kfiow is that a lot of people were initiated at Ohio State last week-end—^whmb IS a good indication of what type of clujb it IS Meetjni^ are held at a clubhouse at 4th and Columbia
Now that Wally Callender is out of the hospital, the race is on again between Ous Robinson and Wes ^engiec. Tbe bpys Ijave idenhaal convertibles so it should be a very Intel esting race. Gps claims his is
a later model Plug
We hear this tJmon Show will have everything from Betty Wedge to nuts Judging fiom,the unjiodly noises that hgve been emanating fiom the rehearsal looms we are inclined to behfeve the latter Even l(aJlely is shuddeiing in bis sleep
from it
We heard a good one on Mr Brascb of the Eduoatron Departm^t the other day It seams as though he just started to teach a certain class of girls last week, and much to brs dehght, he noticed that the name of Jaaiuie Moses was m
eluded in the ro®
Well, anyway, after his first lecture, he stood by the door, apd as Jennfie and FraaciB Lloyd and a ponplg of the other gills came up to hw, he grabbed Jeanne and said
in fi 2ien(^ M
n lotto
Bfitt. It$.V-F. is^dfito. We got d Yottor body tollinj^ no ing trouhlo v^|b cam^sAi stohAif ad thofim day irfght Tsftof- ^ gun battle alitunfe hiM the sftodihm. ActfO»|tel^ ^ report, the gunifien drdW'trady ^ pons, v^o 1 ry Anderson, ImtJi dF tm ^ Sooqe, almoet ffiititodf to VSPm. WedoTPt Imow hbw trobtl^ oar mf onHer told ufiiAUr totoitofi Mb’ matte, €Mef of Poficfi; leave that for yon to do. heve hint, | This boy Rto Landtoa ad iilp SPE house must have sometlltoi^'i^ the ball. It isn’t very oftett here that a fellow can haefife'^^ dates in a row, and still bdHA llfio girl come back for more, an^ just exactly what l>ad% IS doing Maybe it’s beca^^ 1^1 makes them just about eveh ^ Speaking of SPE’s, if sontebA^ can tell Stin Mathefirs hOW he pi^p* pettedi;ogo to sleep on a one ho|:el at Colmibjak nnd wake tT an hour later ojr a coacp m a ferent hotel, he sure would ap|>y^'* ate it 'That’s been woi^yfiig tofii considerably And believe rt or not, iRcE enwald and Frenehy didn’t touch a drop all wA^-mid-Maybe that was because PreiRil|^d folks met him in Columbus fo£.i|b* game ^ Heard in a Columbijs Waiter “WiU you have sohpv^llif your meal, sir?” **»* Prosh’ “What’s that’" / Waiter “WeB, doyon know wkdt iiaph IS?” » A Frosh; “Sore” ^ * Wartec: “WeB, senp’e yOst hash, only it’s looser” * After that. We qiut Siet^go o|i| those contribs -- ^3
Welcome Back to Old Purdue,
ALU/yil^l
Let’s go over and pull for our team as we did in die old days
- - - watch them
' Fill
BEAT lOfA
and thrill to what was once ours for a day . . , HqMEcp**it!(:! COME, ONE AND ALL, CHEER
PURPU^
TO VICTORY OVER lOWy
1 t.
HELLO ALUMNI!
I’LL MEeP YGu yp TOM’S °
■— for —>
A wonderful, satisfying Oiikner—large, meaty TonighJ — ^ Delicious, tender, juicy T-Bone Steak SOO 301 University St. *' Across from the Armory—Yon canY mis» R!
mi
MARTHA WASHINGTON - and MRS. STOVER’S FEtE CANSffiS (iN BUTTER TOASTED SALTED NtITS Alt Fresh for Your Week-End Gttests
Vellinger’s Pharmacy
834 Majn St.
We Ddivqsr t
R^fER ANDERSON GARA6E
AFTER YOU —WE COME FIRST
525 Alabama St.
Phone 44)48
nmnled' einkybody to oe# %om w^f AkROW SPRINTERS oreP*
Arrow ahorto apt a new tocQiil far ctanfort. They have an all-around elaafic waisftwndlAiit ipves Math ever;^ biidy motion! %ibulW «att roomy mi4 qcMnfottolS^Mdli ^laiSn^ center seatnt Sahtoiixed^Sluif^iki^4 fali^ gheinkage it%h
Tfn aim hmm m tritfe ■rfiWftWLof Atiwr Shd^hk lijiJh y 'A « «'t .>-4 ^
1 -4c '
III;': if-
i' ^
gfr<‘
■iis pftr National Meet ' Si* seniors majoriiig in poultry husbandry are being trained by Prot C. S. Schaffner for competi- > tion at the National^ Poultry Ju'dg-
ihg Meet in Chicago, Dee^ 1. Jbe members of the team are R.
B. Arvidson, J. L. Ramp, C. Reed, C. R. Shepard, C. T. Best and R. N. Qaier. The squad will be cut to three men before leaving for the
Chicago competition,
, Last year’s poultry judging team Coached by Prof. E. E. Schnetzler, How on leave of absence at Iowa State, placed second in a field of fifteen. This year’s team is spending two hours each evening learning to identify superior poultry and
poultry products.
At the Chicago meet, live poultry will be judged on the basis of egg production, breeding characteristics and marketing qualifications, other classifications to be judged are dressed poultry and eggs. k.r. Intramural Office Sets Date For Walking Race Yesterday the Intramural Office announced that an all-campus walking race will be held on November 4. All who are interested in this race are asked to fill out one of the blanks that are on the bulletin board in the Fieldhouse. The race is a two and a half mile event and the heels and toe form
must be used, s.a.w,
Prof. D.T. Canfield . . . will present demonstration lectures on the art of measuring electric energy before the employees of the Philadelphia Electric Company, Philadelphia, and the Public Service Company of New Jersey at Newark, on October 28
and 29.
On Here?
Prof. Young To Speak Amy Bioye
At Fort Wayne, Peoria
f 'r.
By Bud Eberts “Yawn”-^Oh, pardon me! I guess I had too much of fun and too late of hours last night, but that ' was some dance and Spiyakjs got some band! All I need now is about six more hours sleep before I go out again tonight. (We Ipse more students that way!) WGOH? Tonight finds the Greeks busy in social activities. Some will have pledge dances and others will have homecoming-alumni dances. Those having their annual pledge dance tonight are the Alpha Gamma Rho and the Sigma Alpha Mu fraternities. The AGR’s have hired Paul Barker to furnish the music at their annual affair in Allen’s Ballroom from 9 to 12. Duncan Hall will be the scene of the Sammy’s dance tonight. The orchestra will be none other than Irv Given and his boys. WGOH? Alpha Kappa Lambda and Beta Sigma Psi have planned radio dances tonight for the honor of their alumni. These dances will be held in the respective chapter houses from 9 to 12. WGOH? By the way—the tJnior. sure )ias come through in great form with festivities for the week-end. Have you seen all those classy signs around welcoming back the past students? Then that backdrop and decoration for, the dance last night really took lots of time and originality. Gn top of all this they have planned no less than three dances for everyone’s pleasure. This afternoon Irv Given will play for a post-game tea dance in the North Ballroom. It will really be a chance for yOu to spend a complete and enjoyable afternoon.
Professor E. C. Young of tjhe Farm Management Department will speak at Fort Wayne today and Peoria, Illinois Monday, on “The Agricultural Situation.” ^ Professor Ypung will speak before salesmen and leading dealersof Allied Mills. He will be the guest of A. G. Phillips, vice president and general sales manager of the mills, and former organizer and chief of the university Poultry Department. Farm Security Head Will Address Ag Staff Dr. E. H. Shidelef of Lafayette, state director of the Farm Security Administration, will speak at the monthly luncheon of the University agricultural staff on Monday. Dr. Shideler will discuss “The Farm Security Program—Some Probable Influences on Indiana’s Agriculture.” Dr. Shideler formerly was head of the philosophy department at Franklin College. He has headed the farm security program since it was started in this state.
. . , Dr. Virginia B. White, and Miss Mary Louise Bone of the School of Home Economics attended a meeting of the Indiana Home Economics Association in Indianap-
olis yesterday.
Classified Ads
ap«r Towels; The famous Nilrot. Buy these for your kitchen—Cabinets free. Paper napkins, toilet papers. Phone 7828. La-
fayette Printing Co.
Lokt: K & E Log-Log-Decitrig slide rule;
W. J. Newill on case. Call 8446.
Typewriters: Adding machines, all makes Bold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph and multigraph work done.
C. Ji Ebershoff, 605 Main
Phone 2779, Lafayette.
Student wanted to work for his room. Phone 3768. •; |
Notices
Sigma Delta Chi: Dinner meeting for all actives Wednesday, Oct. 29, at 6 p.m,, at Sycamore. —TRAUGOTT, N. Y. A. Workers: Checks for period ending Oct. 7 are now available at Cashier’s office in the Executive Building. '
—HOLLENSBE
Mechanical Engineers: 'The American Society of Mechanical Engineers membership applications may be obtained in the general office of the Mechanical Engineers building. —BOLZ Sigma Delta Chi Hedges: Get your plaques from the office by Tuesday, October 28, ■ or they will be thrown away.
—TRAUGOTT
Purdue Gymnastic Club: Practice every week-day from 4-6 p.rn. Tumbling and
hand-balancing;' every- Tues., Thurs.^'and sat. AppatatuB Vvork every’ MOn.; lyad. and 'fri.;;; Those interested are asked to -wmrk out at the indieated titaeB, —POZER \ Alpha Lanihda iieita,;r Aik memhers Wahtirik pins must placa drder before Wednesday. Oct. 29. Prlee j8 ,$8;7B. Bring or send money to South Hall;’ tOOmv:288. ’4 :.:
. - —corn'thwAitb
/ Alpha Lambda beltit iniiiateB: Ddes must he paid before Wedhesday, Oct. 29. , Bring or send $4.25 tO South Hall, room 288.
--.CORNTHWAITE
Military Students; The following students are asked to try out for the pistol team October 27 at 4:00 p.m. in the Armory: 0. E. Bosma, M. E. Bunker, K. S. Burnside, D. D. Dial, C. W. Dold, G. D, Emerson, B. G. Fricke, J, R. Hoeadel. R, IL lee, J. B[. Loudenback, R. M. McKee, R. A. Nussmeier, R. -Vanveld and H, Wakelalid.
—BROWN
Purdue Wheelmen; Ride Sunday, Oct. 26, at 2:30 p.m. Meet in front of Executive Building. All -bicyclists, invited. —VANDERBILT Archers: All persons desiring to participate in the all-campus championship tournament must attend meeting of Archery club bn Monday, Oct. 27, in room 104 of the Fieldhouse at 4:16 p.m. •—FREYMAN Freshman Engineers: Meet for Engineering Lectures Saturday, Oct. 26, at 8 a.m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Seating assignments
Pi tau Sigma: impdrthht njeetin day, dot. 27, at 4 p.Bs. in , MB j, room. All hctives please be
WAA Fencing Cali Ont: fieginners and
advanced fencers Oct. 28,
jj.m. /—bMHOPF Silver Mask: Special meeting Tuesday,, Oct. 28, at 7:80 ,in room 802 of the .Union. Ail members be present to select MP^w^es. ' Coed Business Starf for Monday: Martin, Jones, Patton, Elliott, Delts, Krohn, Cohen, Riggs. 4 Battery Athletic Officers: There_WtlLbe’ a meeting of all BAO’s at 4 p.m., ThursdAy, Oct. 80i in room 205 of the Armory. .
—LT, R. F. VBANDERFORD
Engineer Subscribers: Anyone Who has not received a copy of the October issue
please notify our office.
-SCOBEE
Schiveners:, Important meeting Sunday night, Obt. 26i at 7:3ff in room 263 of the Union. Bring manuscripts. Guests are coming. . —RIEGLE Debate managers: Meeting.of all managers Monday nt 4 p.m. in the office, .—LOWLBR
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS ....
rs TALK TURKEY!
THE 1941 DEBRIS IS JAMMED FULL OF PICTURES AND MEMORIES YOU WIT T WANT TO KEEP. A BIGGER AND BETTER EDITION THAN EVER BEFORE.
NOW IS THE TIME TO ORDER YOUR DEBRIS
Make a Record of. Your Homeco.i^ing Activilies with Films and Supplies From
411 State — West Lafayette Park in Rear and Use Rear Door ^
FOR COMENIFNC
- ITS Si\ Lines to All Lafayette and tlest Lafayette LAFAYETTE TRANSIT CO. INC
,
SENIORS
“Show Your Colors” PURDUE
This is the Day!
PENNANTS and
We’ve saved some Derbies
“FELTS”
- J and Canes for you if you’ve
Take Home
lost yours.
. ^
, : . ■ A
M
Souvenir
Your
s Greet You!
Let’s all get on the wagon and take those corn-fed Hawkeyes to a good husking!
PUIHIE BOOK&SIIPFLYnCliE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE lNi3t
SrfJdkwjoML