> -*5
V '(A
V
'(A
j '9'^ \ '^r ‘'I I't. ^
®he Puriuc TSxaamnt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVni,
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1936
number 2t
FIELDHOUSE PLANS APPROVED
Boilermakers Ready For Badgers
Rebuilt Eleven To Plaj^ For Homecoming Crowd Teams Evenly Matched; Kizermen Depend On Isbell, Drake, Stalcup For Ground Gaining
PURDUE
PROBABLE LINEUP POSITION
WISCONSIN
Powell
L.E
Benz
Schr^er
L.T
. -Golemgeske (C)
Burmeister
L.G
Bell (C)
C
Clauss
Graves
R.G ,
Cole
Woltman
R.T A. ..
Vergane
R.E
Lovshin
Gift
Q.B
Windward
Stalcup
iAh
Drake
R.H
Tommerson
Cecil Isbell
F.B
Jankowski
OFFICIALS—^Referee, John Getchell, St. Thomas; umpire, Ernest Vick, Michigan; field judge, Ray Eichenlaub, Notre Dame; head linesman, Herbert Steger, Michigan. One of the keenest gridiron rivalries in the Big Ten will be renewed in the Ross-Ade Stadium this afternoon as Purdue’s rebuilt eleven will make a supreme effort to launch the conference season with a victory over the rejuvenated Badgers, afiame with a new enthusiasm generated by Harry Stuhl-
dreher, in his first year as the director of Wisconsin’s foot-
ball fortunes.
The game, which can hardly be classified as anything but a “toss up" in advance predictions, will heai^line today's grridiron offerings in the Hoosier State and a near capacity crowd is expected, although seats will be available at game time. Color, Gaiety, Decorations Homecoming, n gay crowd, and gala decorations will all add considerable color to the afternoon's encounter, which promises to write another spectacular chapter to the Purdue-Wisconsin series which has become almost traditional for its scoring thrills and upsets. The game will find Noble Kizer and Harry Stuhldreher, former teammates at Notre Dame on the famous “Four Horsemen” combination (Continued on page 3)
Homeconiiiig Alunmi Hold Annual Feast 300 Attend Dinner In Union Ballroom; Hauer’s Band Plays Approximately 300 enthusiastic
alumni, coming as Dan Hayne, cheer leader, '11, expressed it “from all corners of the earth,” filled the patriotically decorated Memorial Union ballroom at-^he annual Purdue Alumni Association banquet last
night.
Hayne started the program off by leading the group of old grads in the old “Purdue Series”. Throughout the meal, Michael Hauer and his orchestra supplied the music, with occasional interruptions coming from certain class groups at their various tables-and yells and songs from the special table filled with Wisconsin alumni, a large portion of whom are members of the University staff. Announcement The highlight of the evening came when Burr Swezey, president of the association, introduced President E. C. Elliott, who made formal announcement of the -allotment of $293,400 PWA fund to assist in the construction of a field house. Later in the evening. Forest Logan, Wisconsin University graduate and national director of the PWA, through whom the allotment came, was introduced. Sweezey also introduced Basil E. Petry, of Terre Haute, and presented him with the freshman football merit trophy which is presented annually to the sophomore who showed the greatest improvement during the previous spring practice. John W. Wheeler, '16, toastmaster for the evening, included in his hour program talks from representatives of classes 1907, '11, and '12, as well as remarks from Noble Kizer, George Ade and President Elliott, who talked on “Youth of the
Past”.
Cosmopolitan Club Pledges Six Students Six students were pledged to the Cosmopolitan club at a meeting held last night in the Memorial Union Building. President A. F. Futoohee announced the following new members ; R. A. piandon, R. C. Blandon, R. Sercandec, A. Sercandec, W. V. London, and H. F. Gurtan.
Ag Workers Hold Election Extension Agents Close Annual Session Here At the closing session of the annual extension workers conference at the University today members of the county agents' and home dem onstration agents' associations elected the following officers: County agents, Warren O'Hara, Greenfield, president; 0. B. Riggs, Mt. Vernon, and Miss Lorene Hicks, Rockville, home demonstration agent, vice presidents; S. B. Pershing, Lafayette, secretary-treasurer. Home demonstration agents. Miss Hicks, president; Millicent Thatcher, Crown Point, vice president, and Miss Dorothy Lynch, Mt. Vernon, secretary-treasurer.
Swingmaster
Bud Bryant (above) and his versatile orchestra will play for the special homecoming broadcast over WBAA today from 12 to 12:30. They will also play for the free tea dance in the ballroom from after game time until 6 p. m. From 6 to 7 p. m., the orchestra will furnish music for Union cafeteria patrons, winding up a busy day by playing for the mixer tonight in the ballroom from 9 to 12.
Rain Drives Fans Indoors
Bonfire Armory
Pep Session Canceled;
Serves As Shelter
Although the pep session bonfire was called off on accoimt of rain, the wet weather failed to halt proceedings entirely. Enthusiastic students and alumni canceled the usual parade and ring about the burning pyramid to gather directly in the Armory. “Spots” Emrick effectively opened the session by teaching the “Battle Cry” to the 1,200 students who braved the rain, while Dr. Elliott presided. Speeches Next in order were speeches by “Chet” Winslow, All-Western and All-Conference star of 1911; O. K. Quivel, '12; and “Nobe” Kizer “Dan” Hayne, '11, who came 700 miles, from Marshall, Missouri, led the group in yells, including the “growl” of 1911. More cheering and the singing of “Hail Purdue” sent everyone homeward witl^ confidence for victory on the morrow.
They almost had to use a pulmotor on Don Watson, Pomona College sophomore, who tried to guzzle six mhlteds in 20 minutes. At fifth down ai^d three-fourths to go, the malted halted Watson.
Four-Foot Living Advertisement Comes To Campus For Festivities
By L. S. Hardin. If you see someone at the football game today about four feet tall, 48 inches to be exact, wearing a bright red perfectly tailored bell-hop uniform, do not be surprised and mistake him for a school boy on dress parade. If you were to think, however, that you were seeing a walking Phillip Morris advertisement, you would be mors nearly correct, for Johnny Morris, Jr., one of the famous “Call for Phillip Morris” pair is on the campus this week-end doing good-will advertising. While Johnny Morris, Sr., stays in New
York working the city and appearing on radio programs. Johnny, Jr., travels throughout the country appearing at this and that gala occasion and passing out his souvenir packages. Despite his size, Johnny, Jr., is 26 years of age, has traveled extensively, and has met almost as many celebrities as the average person has read about. Johnny, Sr., supplied all the alumni at the banquet last night with cigarettes. Before the dinner he could be heard throughout the ballroom with his “Call for Phillip Morris,” “Cgll for Phillip Morris”.
To the Faculty and Students of Purdue University: ] The destiny that has linked our state universities has linked our sorrows, too. The tragedy that robbed Purdue of two of her finest sons did not confine its consequences to Lafayette; it shocked and saddened all who heard, but none more deeply than us at Indiana. May we, therefore, the students and faculty of a sister university, extend to Purdue our sincerest sympathy; and may we be allowed to share the grief which only One has the power to assuage?
William L. Bryan,
President of Indiana University.’ William Henry Snyder,
President of Aeons.
Rosemary Redding, President of Mortar Board
Raymond Pox,
President of Union Board.
Jean McGriff, President of A. W. S. Vernon Huffman, President of Sphinx Club. Jean Beduell, President of Pleiades. Allan Gordon Weir, President of Blue Key.
Editor’s Note: The above message was received yesterday by President Elliott and read by him at the annual Purdue Alumni Association banquet last night.
Tonight the curtain will rise for the second and final time on the Playshop production “Ladies of the Jury”, in Duncan Hall at 8 o'clock. Although the play was given last Thursday night, it will be repeated as a special feature of the homecoming program. In the Colonial courtroom scene, Charles B. Petticrew will attempt to prove Ruth Grimm innocent of murdering her husband all over again, According to the way the production was received at its first presentation, this three-act comedy will prove to be hilariously entertaining for homecoming attendants. Tonight’s theatre-goers may expect Cary Vaughn to turn in her same sparkling performance. She is skillfully supported by Charles B. Petticrew, Ruth Grimm, Fred Ahrens, qnd Mary Helen Theiss. They succeed in keeping the entire second act a riot of fun.
Speech Trials Begin Oct. 22 Seven Will Be Oiosen To Compete In Finals Preliminaries for the annual Beveridge speech contest will be held in room 301, University Hall, Thursday, October 22. Seven freshman men. will be selected to compete in the final contest October 27. The winner will receive as a permanent possession the Hays trophy, a silver loving cup donated for the sixth time by the Hays Jewelry Company of Lafayette. Contestants are required to make a five minute talk on one of the following subjects: “Our Next President,” “Dangers of Another World War,” “Should Congress Have the Power to Regulate Minimum Wages and Maximum Hours?”, “Should the Government Own and Operate Public Utilities?”, “The Federal Housing Program,” “The Poor Relief Problem,” “The WPA and PWA,” or “What Should the Government Do for the Farmer?” Registration for the preliminaries must be made in the debate office in the Union before 5 o’clock, October 21. The rules will be posted in that office.
Six feet, two inches, 195 pounds, 440 yards in 49.5 seconds—description of Upson Scholar, potential poison for Rutgers’ rivals during the next three years.
CHANGE OF ADDRESS
Any student who has changed his address or telephone number since registration should notify the registrar’s office at once, rf he h^s not already done so. —STONE.
Playshop Will Repeat Drama Hilarious Presentation To Entertain Alumni Tonight
IRON KEY
R. WES DWIGHT WILLIAM W. HODGDON WILLIAM T. HUNT GLEN W. MARTIN E. HUGH MORRIS JAMES H. SHOEMAKER JOHN W. VAN NATTA
J. S. Douglas Dies Suddenly University Farm Superintendent Expires Of Paralytic Stroke Superintendent J. S. Douglas, 66, of the Purdue farm, dropped dead yesterday afternoon about 3:30 o’clock in the quarters of his home. Doctors attributed the death to a paralytic stroke. The death was a shock to his family and friends because of his excellent health. He is survived by five sons; Gordon, Jesseville, Ark.; James, a student in Ohio State University; John, faculty member of Ohio State; William, student in the University school of pharmacy, and Dick, West Lafayette high school student.
New Athletic Plant Ready By Next Fall Structure Will Cost $652,000; Wffl Ask For Bids Immediately Purdue’s homecoming is made even more joyous here today as President Edward C. Elliott announces that he has received official word from F. M. Logran, state director of the PWA, that the Public Works Administration has approved a grant of $293,400 which will make possible the construction of the longsought new men’s gymnasium and field house. The remainder of the expense of the new structure, which will cost $652,000, will be financed through alumni donations and a bond issue. One anonymous donor from among the alumni has already made a cash donation of $100,000 toward the project, and additional alumni donations are expected to swell the total considerably. ' Ross Gives Land The new gymnasium and field house will be constructed on land donated by David E. Ross, president of the board of trustees, directly east of the Cary Halls, and just north of the present practice field. The gsntnnasium proper will face the south, or Stadium avenue, and will be 210 feet by 110 feet. Besides several intramural basketball, handball and squash courts, the gymnasium will Ql3rmpie size swimming pool, 40 feet by 76 feet, with eight lanes, and locker accomo(Continued on page 9)
CLOUDY
MAYBE
SHOWERS
By Tempy 'The Exponent Weathw Moose According to all the crowds I’ve seen, today is supposed to be homecoming. Everyone is anxious to know what the weather will be for the game this afternoon. With so much responsibility hanging on my tail I was hard put to make a prediction. But here it is: it will be mostly cloudy today preceded by showers getting somewhat cooler this afternoon. That means today will not be homecoming or Dad's Day ... it will be “muddmr's day” ... at least for the football players. Sunday will be generally fair.
Badger Takes Badgering In Fraternity Decorations
By H. I. Stanback.
The venerable badger will be hung in eflSgy in just about 44 different places around West Lafayette today. You guessed it, the fraternities and sororities, in their lurid decorations, have done everything to the poor animal, from trapping it to beating it with a mechanical robot.
Starting their trip at 9:30 this morning, the judging committee, consisting of Prof. W. Q. Fitch, of the ag school; L. V. Moser, of the practical mechanics department; Mrs. J. A. Morrison, patron of the Lafayette Art Association, and Mr. Clare Johnson, secretary of the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce, will decide the winner of the silver cup given away as a prize to the house having
the best decorations. Decision By Noon
The committee said last night that they hoped to have the decision ready by noon, when they plan to make the announcement to the
alumni association.
Technically, each fraternity is allowed to spend only twenty dollars on their decorations. At least there is a rule to that effect. At any rate the Kappa Sigs are trying to keep their record of winning the cup 3.3 times in 15 years intact. They have imported a thrashing machine to aid the Boilermakers
in giving the Badgers the thrashing of their lives. By the way they have a hay stack in their 3mrd too. Right around the corner the DU’s erected a fifteen foot statue of Nobe Kizer, dressed a la Dan'l Boqne— coonskin cap and all—trappmg the much-badgered Badgers in an rieven
jawed trap.
The Beta's crashed through with a mechanical robot, who will spend the day efficiently pnmmeling the Wisconsin animal in huge mechani-
cal arms.
Delta Chi pledges spent a lot of time making a jeep (pun?) si»tue, answering the question “fe; W:l^consin going to lose?” with an affirmative lowering of the head and racing of the tail. Alpha Kappa Lambda “pun”ishee the campus with a display of the Boilermakers stepping on Faul’h
“Bunyan”.
Theee are hut a sample Of Hie novel ideas that will spring to Bfe in front of ftatemities and soroiw ities sometime beftsfe today, *'
f«|r -V> ; ^^*-’ ■! ?«■'* ■'^*1''
1 ri’^''
|4';; i ■X' '
T' pj
JhMBtel^yo
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Satittday, October 10,193g
Back To bid Purdue
Grads who return today to take part in the gala festivities which always mark Homecoming will find that the spirit of progress is still foremost at Purdue. With the announcement yesterday afternoon of final approval of the fieldhouse, another major forward step has been taken. But progress has not been limited to the physical plant along. This year 5,607 students enrolled in the University, and Purdue kept its head up as the largest engineering school in the world. Both quality and size are evident in the engineering training here, as well as in other departments of instruction. And then many alumni will be singing the praises of our great football team—^the team that is being consistently picked to beat Wisconsin this afternoon. All in all, the Homecoming celebration this year has every reason to be one of the best in history.
Rating News
Newspapers today are characteristically allotting much space to the sensational in the news. The events which make history are often subordinated to the latest murder or to the young fool who is flying the ocean on a dare. This style of rating is not confined to those papers which depend on sensations for their circulation; some of the most conservative and sensible papers in the country often save the right hand column on the front page for the most recent scandal, placing the news of foreign activities which might lead to war on an inside page. The Spanish civil war is the most prominent event of the present time, but let a football game roll around and the big headlines go to glorify Podunk College and its grid warriors. Does the fault, if this is a fault, lie with the papers or their readers ? Primarily the readers are responsible. No one likes to constantly read of bloody battles, when there is a nice, juicy diary being read in court somewhere. Then too, a daily newspaper cannot always find enough new “angles” in the his-tory-making activities to warrant a large article every day. News editors are satisfied to give the Spanish civil war the most prominent position once or twice a week and tell about the child film star who is being sued on the other days. It remains for a monthly periodical, or perhaps even a book published years later to correlate the facts in these most important happenings and present them in their proper light to those who are really interested. Therefore, it appears that those who constantly protest because the papers feature something which may soon be forgotten are not in possession of all the facts, or else have not taken the time to analyze the problem of rating news.
With Other Editors
Liberal Or Conservative?
In this day and age of the loose use of political terms, and defamation by implication, it is altogether fitting to consider what some of these terms really mean. Our only living ex-president mulled over the problem some months ago and came out with this advice: “If an open mind, free to search tor the truth and apply it in government, is liberal, then you should be liberal. “If belief in open opportunity and equal opportunity has become conservative, then you should be conservative. “If belief that this can be held only in a society of orderly individual initiative and enterprise is conservative, then you should be conservative. “If opposition to those things which abuse and limit equal opportunity, such as privilege, monopolies, exploitation, or oppression, whether in, business or in government, is liberal, then you should be liberal.” “If the humane action to eliminate such abominations as slum squalor, child labor, and sweated labor, to give greater protection from unemployment and
exponent
Founded in 1883
1936 Member 1937 f^socioAed GDliediote Pl:ess Distributors of Gblle6iateDi6e$f
MoMber of Nstionul CoUofo Preos Aosocintion, Blir Ten Editorial AABociation Exelnrirelj Bi^reoented by National AdTertioinar Serrice, Ine. 420 ISadiaon Avenue, New York City
Entered ae second class matter at the poet office. Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, |8A0 per year; delivered by cari^r, $2.60 par year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EOITOBIAL STAFF Bdftor-in-Chief .W. T. Hunt lUnaarinc Editor— Jl, H. Morris iMoelate Bditow— K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A H, Forster, B. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
SPOBTS STAFF
■ports Editor. — —
jiasoeiate Sports Editors—..
— L. D. Wood
.. -. W. H. Flfield. S. B. Griffiths,
B. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF Business Mwoasor. — B, J. Hulse Harional Advertising Manager _l. H, Brown Advertising Manlier D. 0. Miller Oirenlation Maniu;^^-—— J. P. Girard
Bdftor Aaaoaipte E4f'
"llowi
WOMEN'S STAFF — — Helen Ci;eecb —...— Betty Barnett ——^—Jeanne Janousek, Dmris McCartney, Elisabeth Fyke
old age is radical, then you should be radical. “If the use of all the powers of the government to relieve our people frbm hunger and cold in a calamity is radical, then you should be radical. “If belief in the old-fashioned virtues of self-reli-ance, thrift, government economy, of a balanced budget, of a stable currency, of fidelity of government to its obligations is reactionary, then you should be reactionary. ^ “If holding to the Bill of Rights with its safeguards of the balance of powers and local government is Tory, then you should be Tory. “If demand that change in the Constitution be by open submission to the people and not by subterfuge constitutes reaction, then again you should be reactionary. “If demand that we have a government of laws and not of bureaucrats is conservative, then you should be conservative.” Whether or not you agree with Mr. Hoover’s political opinions, his above thoughts at least form pattern for squelching those on both sides of the political fence who damn by name calling.—Daily Californian.
The Issue Of Peace
In The National Campaign
A great many issues are being raised in the current political campaign, some real, others imaginary, but one issue has been systematically avoided by both the major parties. That issue is America’s arms policy. Both Landon and Roosevelt committed themselves to policies opposed to war—Landon a few weeks ago in Buffalo and the President in his “I hate war” speech at Chautauqua. In the approved political style each proceeded in the most general statements—^with many references to our forefathers—^to denounce war. Yet neither proposed a specific program for peace. America today is arming at the greatest peace-time rate in its history. This year we will spend more to maintain our “national defense” than we spent to maintain all the departments of national government including the army and navy, the year before our entrance into the World War. This year we will spend $1,002,872,142—$639,329,818 for the navy, and $364,532,325 for the army. Why? Whom do we fear? Why are we building armaments at such a tremendous pace?—^Michigan Daily.
Lest The Bubble Burst
We read in the papers that there is a persistent rumor to the effect that Adolf Hitler is going to resign the chancellorship in favor of devoting his entire time to determining and directing the nation’s policies. Col. Gen. Hermann Wilhelm Goering, present air minister and close friend of “der fuehrer,” is said to be top man for the chancellorship. Goering has been the chief “stooge” and “front” for Hitler for some time and will undoubtedly fill the position to his leader’s satisfaction. Relief from his double duties is not the only advantage which this change will give to “der fuehrer.” Before, Hitler necessarily had to assume all the responsibility for things done by the government. Now, like Mussolini, who has King Victor Emmanuel to whom he can “pass the buck,” Hitler will have Goering to absorb many of the knocks. Like all ordinary mortals who put themselves upon a pedestal, we suppose that Hitler must do this lest the bubble—^the complete power which is so uncertain of continuing—^burst.—Iowa State Student.
In My Opinion
BY CADWALLADER
T/u Exponent will not aisuma responsibtlity for th» opinions voitod in tfiis column. Such opinions are folelp those of the writer.
Optional ROTC
Last year there was a bill before Congress, sponsored by Senator Nye and Representative Kvale, which provided that all college military training be made optional—^that only those who want to take R. O. T. C. work are to be enrolled in the course. Through misguided patriotism or something the bill never came to a vote. What are the arguments for making military training optional ? It makes for better spirit in the various corps, because all those taking military are interested in it. This has been proven at schools where the training has been made optional. It takes a gripe course out of the schedules of those to whom it is a gripe course. It is a step toward peace, because those who are forced to take R. O. T. C. against their wills would not make good ofiicers, and thus optionalization of the course would not really interfere with national preparedness. It would also aid the peace cause by turning thoughts into other channels. What are the arguments against making military training optional? Some say it helps build up the bodies of the students and makes men out of them. It may teach discipline, but the rest is sheer nonsense. Gsrmnasium, not military courses, build up better physical condition. It is also claimed that this instruction builds up our national defense. This is true to a certain extent, but I believe that the value of the training is mostly lost by the time war rolls around. ^s I see it, there is no excuse for not passing the Nye-Kvale bill or its successor, which may come up at the next Session of Congress. By actively supporting such a bill, present-day students can do something for which future students will thank them.
3.
Establish student SELF-govemment. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. Modify the Student Union election system. Permit open campaigning in all popidar elections.
B
old & lack
Today—^football again takes the center of the stage—^hundreds of perpetual youths are breezing in for the occasion—^pledges have spent the night cleaning chapter houses and putting up homecoming decoratioiiB (with dire threats hanging over their heads if their brain child doesn’t walk off with first prize) the Beta hack comes out with only minor injuries to its owners (we hope)—^the boys of ’10 just have to tell the story of how their team ran rough shod over Butler to the tune of 60-0—^pretty co-eds cheer lustily for their team as Isbell or Drake run for a touchdown (welmpe)—^the dance — headaches — wotta weekend.
I met a little co-ed And she was nice to me— But you can have her anytime Without expense or fee— For she is only five-foot-six— And I am five-foot-three.
Hodgdon must be a little angel for even his roommate can tell us nothing about him that might even hint of scandal. It must be hell to be angelic.
Hughes has found it necessary to call outside help when wanting an evening’s vacation from Frankie Ford’s vivacious company. His father nobly came to his assistance and dropped in for the evening whereupon Frankie was necessarily escorted by one of the DU freshies while Harry and his father had themselves a good time. Frankie had a swell time herself.
Game-O-Graph is supposed to explain this afternoon’s game. It is a pamphlet and will be sold tonight. But to us it sounds more like “Game-0-Graft”.
As Truitt leads a very unevent-
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business
DUNCAN-LARSON, INC.
Phone 4450
1622 East Main
KEYS
Keys for tranka, door lodu, desk locka^ niaht bitches snd padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty.
F. Jos. Miilhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St„ W. Lafayette
John Sperb
Hardware, Paint and Glass • 822-824 Main Street LAFAYETE, INDIANA
New MAIN
Bis Double Feature Now Playins Last Times Today SKY BOUND with Eddie Nugent, Lloyd Huarhes and Grant Withers
Plus 2nd Featnre GIVE HER A RING
Bis Musical Comedy of Song and Danep Team
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
-and who is giving away the bride?”
ful life there is little that we can say about him and as Kappa Sig Lowe has gone into seclusion for the paqt week so that his reputation will remain spotlessly clean you will have to draw your -own conclusions about them.
The Mars double pass for Ramona that begins tomorroiW goes to the contributor of Hodgdon’s story.
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
ARC
SUNDAY - MONDAY CLARK GABLE MYRNA LOY in “Wife Vs. Secretary’ and CONRAD NAGEL in
‘Girl From Mandalay” Last Times Today “Panic On the Air”
“Outlaw Deputy’' ‘Clutching Hand’
KAY AT THE PEAK OF HER LOVELIHESS AHD GEORGE AT THE TOP OF HIS FORM Reward You With Performances That Will Make You Thank Them Froin The Bottom of Your Heart!
KAY FRANCIS
GIVE m YOUR HEART
GEORGE BRENT
mUHDVOUHa.PATIIKIIN(IWLES.IIEIIRVnEniEII$M.m{MWSCIIIT
Final Today
JEAN ARTHUR
Starts JOEL McCREA
TOMORROW
in
“Adventure in
LUNA
Manhattan” And JACK HOLT “The Endof theTraU”A
K*
SPORTS
W^t ^urbtie exponent
SPORTS
• '; M'. ■ ’ 4 o\
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1936
NUMBER 2t
I ■fielder’s.... I* ....choice #aa^MMBy Bob WalpoleaMMM
Another week-end and a third try at predictirig scores . • . again we will take the Big Ten and Notre Dame .. . ' —fc-^
Southern Calif j>rnia at Illinois .. •
Ibyh
Southern Cal by two touchdowns ... the coast team went down, 19 to 0, last year, but the Illini are facing a tougher assignment than they met
last year ...
—^fc—
Indiana at Michigan . . . Indiana by one touchdown . , . the Wolverines took the Hoosiers, 7 to 0, last year, but it was scored on a fumble.
—^fc—
South Dakota U. at Iowa . . . the Hawkeyes by 20 points . . . perhaps S^nmons can turn loose , . . Northwestern took Iowa, but the latter swamped S. D. U., 47 to 2, last sea-
son . . . —^fc—
Nebraska at Minnesota . . . we’ll play a long shot hfete and call Nebraska by 6 points . . . the Gophers are riding for a fall, and Nebraska is rated along with Ohio State and Minnesota as one of the top ranking teams in the country this year . .
—^fc—
North Dakota State at Northwestern ... the Wildcats by 14 to 21 points ... Northwestern showed her power last Saturday against Iowa, and this Dakota eleven should give little opposition to the hard driving Wildcats . . . —^fc— Butler at Chicago . . . Chicago to ■mn by 6 to 12 points ... the Maroon eleven took a licking at the hands of Vanderbilt, but should prove superior to the Indiana eleven .. . —^fc— Pittsburgh at Ohio... a tough one to decide, but we say the IBuckeyes by one touchdown... Pitt is powerful, but Ohio’s 60_to.0 win'over N. Y. U. was impressive . . —^fc-^ Wisconsin at Purdue . . . following our custom, we will not attempt
to predict this score . . . we, of course, have our opinion, and believe the Boilermakers have the drive, power, and the spirit. . . what they need now, is your support . . . yell your lungs out, and BACK THAT TEAM
AVL CAMPUS GOLF
Qualifying rounds for the finals will begin , tomorrow (Sunday) morning at 9:30 o’clock.
A c vnn ua \/b mm
SUCH AS YOU HAVE
NEVER SEEN. • GLORIFIES THE
WORLD’S
GREAT
LOVE STORY.
6REATER „ THAH %miL Of WE LONESOME PINE”
/A HfLBN JACKSON'S IMMORTAL ROMANCE
DON AMECHE
KENT TAYLOR Jane DARWELL
Pauline FREDERICK
Starts
TOMORROW
(atherinc DeMILLE LAST TIMES TODjff”
MARS
CHARLIE RUGGLES MARY BOLAND ADOLPHE MENJOU in “Wives Never Know”
Rebuilt Eleven To Play For Homecoming Crowd (Continued from page 1)
matched against each other as rival coaches for the first time. Although past records seldom mean much when^PUrdue and Wisconsin tangle, and there is apparently little to choose between the two elevens, a slight edge, if any, must be granted the Badgers, who were returned •victorious over the Boilermakers last season, 8 to 0. Remodeled Backfield Purdue’s remodeled backfield, in which Wayne Gift at quarterback is the only player to retain last year’s assignment, is expected to be in for a busy afternoon attempting to blast its way through the bulky Badger line which turned back Marquette’s best running threats.
The Boilermakers are placing a lot of faith on the ground gaining ability of the Isbell-Drake-Stalcup trio, providing the forwards can give them is. start. Both Isbell and Drake appeared benefited by the shift in positions against Ohio U., while Stalcup, a converted quarterback, although a comparative midget, has speed to burn in the open. Clem Woltman and Martin Schreyer, veteran tackles, and Capt. George Bell, at center, are expected to be permanent fixtures in the forward wall. At the ends, Don Powell, rangy junior, and Bill Vergane, giant sophomore, both adept pass receivers, look like the starting selections, while Forrest Burmeister, erstwhile tackle, continues to improve in his new position at left guard. Lee Graves is slated to start at right guard in place of Andy Grant, injured in scrimmage last week.
ONE MINUTE WIRELESS WAVING $1.95—$3.50—$5.00—$7.00
Do not confuse the method with wires, cumbersome weight and injurious chemicals. It is absolutely a new, improved method, guaranteed. Co-ed Special Weekly’
Shampoo, Finger Waye, Manicure or Arch and Hair Trim....75c
OPEN EVENING BY APPOINTMENT
WE USE SOFT WATER
Beauty Rest Beauty Shoppe
ROSE M. LISEY MILDRED GACTUNOUR
Dial 5348 Life Bldg.
Wolverines, Hoosiers Clash At Ann Arbor
Teams Coached By Former All'>Americans; Mieh* igan Has Won Eight Out Of Nine Prevlons Tilts
Today’s Big Ten football opener at Ann Arbor between the Hoosiers of Indiana and the University of Michigan will bring together two All-American backs as head coaches of the two
teams.
Coaching the Hoosier team is Bo McMillin, All-American quarterback in 1919 from Cen-
tre College, after he had piloted his team to a second straight undefeated, untied season. Harry Kipke, the Michigan coach, was an All-American halfback at Michigan in 1922 on a team which went undefeated but was tied once, by Dan McGugin’s Vanderbilt Commodores. As a halfback on the Wolverine team of that year, Kipke established a reputation as one of the greatest kickers of all
time.
Nine To One If past events may be used as a basis for forecast, Indiana University has just one chance in nine to defeat Michigan University at Ann Arbor today. In previous engagements which have occurred intermittently since 1900, Michigan has won eight out of nine games. Observers say that little will be known about Indiana’s team this year until after this game. In the first game of the season against Centre College, Coach Bo McMillin used none of the trick spinner plays or backfield shifts which have been claimed for his team. Michigan Well-Prepared The Ann Arbor eleven is in top physical and mental condition with the exception of Joe Rinaldi, center injured during last week’s encounter with the Michigan State
Spartans. If Michigan flashes the running game which has been claimed for Smithers and Cooper, fleet backs, Indiana ■will have a really tough time. Captain Matt Patanelli furnishes an extra threat at the end position. He is known for his ability at spearing seemingly impossible passes.
•f -f 4
^ >
4- -f ^
4- >
> -4- 4- > > SOFTBALL -f ^ 4- 4- 4-
Monday
Diamond 2— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Delta
Theta.
3— Phi Kappa vs. Faculty. 4— ^Pirathon vs. Phi Pi Phi. 5— Delta Upsilon vs. Kappa Delta
Rho.
7— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Triangle. 8— Sigma Pi vs. Acacia. 9— Pi Kappa Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 10—Beta Sigma Psi vs. Tau Epsilon
Phi.
FRESHMAN BASKETBALL
All candidates for freshman basketball report at Memorial Gsnn Tuesday, Oct. 13, at 4 p. m. Will use your own equipment for a few weeks. —LAMBERT.
DO YOU KNOW THAT
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
and a Democratic Administration
Has Made it Possible for 20,188 YOUTHS
in Indiana to Obtain a College Education? ' Does This Mean Anything to You? If So, Vote for Roosevelt's Re-election DEMOCRATIC COUNTY CENTRAL COMMITTEEl/S-nN’
y'’'' •:'^u.. .■ ■ A'' ' V." . '..' -
THE PHEDl^E
EXPd'KEN'T :
" ' ,' '•;, '•'-' '• ’; , / '.'' ',Satui*(ility> bctdbeyio, 1936 '■
Perfect Technicolor Enhances Greatness Of New 20th Triumph
The current outstanding event in the film world is the presentation of Helen Hunt Jackson’s immortal love idyll, “Ramona,” produced by 20th Century-Fox in the new perfected Technicolor, coming Sunday to the Mars Theatre. The cast of thousands featuring Loretta Young and Don Ameche, in-
cludes such brilliant players as Kent Taylor, Pauline Frederick, Jane Darwell, Katherine DeMille, Victor
Kilian and John Carradine. As long as two years ago, prepa-
rations were begun for the picturization of this beautiful love story. Darryl F. Zanuck, Twentieth Cen-tury-Fox studio production chief, spent nearly an entire year in search of the perfect Ramona. After covering carefully his own contract list and combing the entire field of freelance players and “unknowns,” he felt assured that he had found the right Ramona when he selected Lor-
etta Young.
Scores of eligible players were tested for the role of Alessando, Ramona’s great love, and it finally went to Don Ameche. This rising young actor appeared to have all the qualifications necessary to play the part. He has a splendid voice, as has been attested by his previous success on the radio. He is six feet tall and decidedly the athletic type. His work on the screen in “Ramona” completely justifies his selection for
the part.
Zanuck and Sol M. Wurtzel, executive producer, conferred with Technicolor photographer William
Skall and other members of the organization’s color staff and decided to “shoot” “Ramona” during the Summer season of the year, thus utilizing the natural rainbow beau-
ty of California as a setting.
“Ramona” was filmed in the l^eautiful San Jacinto mountain meadpw land of Southern California, the actual spots where Ramona and Alessandro lived and loved many years ago, as described in the story. The main location was a 55,000 acre ranch in the Mesa Grande area, about 140 miles southeast of Los Angeles. The site is an almost endless succession of green expanses rolling toward the dusty purple of the far-off mountains, every shade and tint defined in the clear, dry air, lending itself perfectly to the new
Technicolor photography.
The largest of several groups of settings built in*^various locations was the huge Moreno hacienda, where Ramona first met Alessandro. This vast outdoor “set” included barns, sheep corrals and other typical ranch structures covering six entire acres. Altogether, twelve weeks were spent on location in
filming “Ramona”.
Not a bit superstitious about the 13 per cent increase in enrollment in his department, the dean of the college of Agriculture at the University of Vermont predicts greater increases next year.
Workmen chiseled the front steps of Indiana University’s law building to make them as smooth as they were in 1890.
A notice at the University of Illinois: “A wildlife club for students —graduate and undergraduate will be organized.” Hm!
WELCOME Purdue Visitors Hudson Terraplane Sales and Service FEASTER MOTOR CO. 1007 Main Street
WELCOME Purdue Visitors to Moore's Colonial Market 220 N. Fifth One pf the largest collections of antiques in Indiana. "Come in and Browse Around" Store Open Saturday Evening Until 9 P.M. Prices Reasonable
Exhibit Explains Catalog System An exhibit designed to show the workings of a library card catalog is now on display in the exhibit case in the Library. The display shows how a book is represented by cards of various sorts. Four books are shown, each with its complement of cards and each card is connected with the characteristic feature of the book which it represents. The exhibit is commended to freshmen or any one not fully acquainted with the technique of using the card catalog.
Skalko^s Record; Student To Prexy Toledo, O.—(AGP)—Peter Skalkos' recent fortune sounds something on the order of the “Phil the Fiddler” type story that Horatio Alger, Jr., used to grind out. Not everyone, in fact very few university students, can boast of changing from a college student to a high school principal in two months. Skalkos was graduated from the University of Toledo in June and received an appointment to the government high school in Las Marias, Porto Rico, early this summer; he assumed his duties on August 24, signing a one year contract for the position. “Everything is grand here,” he writes to a friend in Toledo, “except the bananas, which are served at every meal in a variety of disguises. Gardenias line all the walks leading to the school.” Whether or not it was “apple-^pol-ishing” Skalkos doesn’t know exactly, but on his first day as principal he mentioned that he was fond of horseback riding. The next day three of his pupils brought horses to school for his use; They told him that their fathers had reminded i^em that they must treat “El Americano” well.
NYA To Distribute ,636,765 For Jobs
Washington, D. C.—(ACP)^—So that‘college and university students who have been shadowed by the spectre of degression may continue their higher education, the National Youth Administration of'the federal government this year will distribute almost six million dollars among the collegians of tiie 48 states. A recent announcehient of Deputy NYA Director, Richard Brown revealed that $6,057,630 would be spent on regular undergraduate and graduate benefits, but that this would be supplemented with a fund of $629,135 for distribution to students in the 20 drought-ridden states of the south and middle west. The program this year will largeduplicate' that of former years, with college ofltcials exercising complete control over the selection of applicants and the devising and supervising of the work they perform. Monthly earnings are also unchanged, with averages of $15 set for undergraduates and $25 for graduates.
More than 100,000 students in the U. S. are now attending America’s 500 junior colleges. Fifteen years ago there were only 100 junior colleges in the nation.
WELCOME, ALUMNI
Your car checked and serviced with us will make your visit a pleasure ELKINS’—STANDARD STATION On Route 52 Northwestern, Near Stadium
AIRPLANE-RIDES 50c Purdue University SATURDAY AND SUNDAY OCT 10-11
12 passenger Stinson-Detroit air liner. The most complete and modern tri-motor plane ever to find a berth here, it is equipped, with devices for all kinds of weather. Capt. L. I. Aretz, one of the first pilots to ever fly a ship of this size, will be the pilot. See Purdue from the air. A special sight-seeing tour of Lafayette and West Lafayette. A regular $1.00 ride for half price, through the courtesy of the Phillips Petroleum Co. These Tours Sponsored by Phillips 66
Why Good Dancers Are Popular Good dancers are good mixers. They creajte a favorable impression—^have ease of manner, a pleasing assurance that wins. Not Too Late to Enroll in Our Adult Classes Mr. Allen is a teacher of all typeg of dancing. INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL I Ballroom Rented to Clubs and Private Parties.
Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
6th and Ferry
Welcome Home Purdue Alumni Make This Homecoming the Best Yet Purdue I Wisconsin
J. C. PENNEY CO.
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
W c L C o M E
Body ond Fender Straightening Glass, tops and seat covers. Frame and axle straightening. Welding and painting. Auto Body Shop 421-423 North Third Dial 2^8
A L U M N I
Hello Grads!
\,
Use YELLOW CAB SERVICE to get to and from RossAde Stadium without difficulty. Our drivers will take you directly to the main gate. For convenience call a
Yellow.
. : . - LHHK 1
YELLOW CAB
CO.
Phone 5023-3071
if Af-' s
":«?
Satodsty, October 10> 1936
THE PtJHBUE EXPONENT
Power Plant’s Complexities Impress Co-ed On Recess From Saturday Mixer
By Dorothea Justin Recently, in a recess from a Saturday mixer, an enterprising engineer, thinking to add variety to an evening, took his co-ed date into the Power Plant. Noise and blasts of heat greeted ^hem, and the co-ed’s first reaction was to say, “Whew! It’s warm!” and to wish she hadn’t worn a woolen dress. But personal discomfort was forgotten as the engineer led her past a huge oblong tank—sl search, which held chemically softened water, and then on toward machines that had levers that went back and forth, back and forth with hypnotizing regularity. These were water pumps, considered small for all their size—a Duplex and a Dean. But the lad hurried past these— the best and biggest was yet ahead. Up iron stairs climbed the pair, to enter an immense, high-ceilinged room. Then the engineer started expounding in earnest, very happily, not caring whether the girl understood, just so she appeared properly impi-essed. Scale Conveyor The trolle;^-like structure near the top of the room was a scale conveyor, a contrivance built to weigh coal.
then to carry it in little cars to the coal hoppers, Idrge bins that hold the coal and allow it to be fed slowly by the turbine-run stokers into the furnace. The girl noticed instruments on the furnace, but she was so awed that she dared not interrupt the engineer waxing happy in his element. Wallace Penrod, who termed himself general utility man and engineer, came to help guide and instruct, and included many facts that evaded even the engineer. Reserve Water Tank Together, they strolled on through the enormous building, seeing a reserve water tank, capacity 600,000 gallons, a huge water heater painted blue, with its branching pipes painted the same light color, measuring tanks holding 300 gallons of water and other things amazing to the girl. A large instrument labeled “Hays Boiler Panel” seized her curiosity. Glassed circles with graphs inside them showed the output of steam, otherwise known as the rating of the boiler. In the center of the building they found the smokestack — the very high structure that is a landmark on
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“We had a gorgeous boat trip—the man in the next cabin had hiccups all the way over.”
the campus. Built of several thicknesses of briclf, it stands approximately eighteen feet in diameter and 265 feet high. It is open at the base to permit soot to be removed. Joyfully (at last something understandable!) the girl started to circumnavigate the chimney, but a terse “Come on!” made her follow the engineer. They came next to a brightly lighted room with three complex conti-aptions, "the main things in it. Generators “Steam turbine generators.” “Yes,” said the co-ed politely. And then Mr. Penrod and the engineer took turns in telling her that the black iron, silver-piped machines generated the entire amount of electricity used by the University, and the large expanse of switchboard at the side controlled it. Amazed, pleased, impressed, and full of appreciation for the efficient complexity of the University’s power and heating systems, the co-ed left—and the excursion through the power plant had given an unusual and interesting twist to the evening’s date.
Coach Dorais Finds Football Yardstick Detroit Mentor Gives His “Rule” For Good Football Players Detroit, Mich.— (ACP) — Coach Charles E. “Gus” Dorais, of the University of Detroit, has evolved a new yardstick for the measurement of football players—a yardstick that fans at all colleges and universities will find helpful in sizing up the qualifications of their athletic classmates. According to Dorais, here are the ten things that are essential to the ideal football player: Coordination. This implies muscle response and quick reflexes. As Dorais sees it, strength, speed and agility are of little use to a football player unless he is able to coordinate these qualities. Fast thinking is of value only when coupled with ability to translate the thought into instant muscular response. Condition. In order to play topnotch football a man must be in such perfect physical condition that he can go through a game, or such part of a game as he remains in the lineup, without slackening his speed or thought of action. Enthusiasm. No man can hope to be a great player without boundless enthusiasm for the game. Mental alertness. The great football player must have a fast-acting mind. He must be constantly on the alert to meet the varying situations that arise both on offense and defense. Courage. Both physical and mort-
al courage of a high order are essential. Football entails a lot of harfi knocks and the man who is afraid of getting hurt will never be a success at it. Moral courage implies ability to keep fighting in the face of reverses. Cooperation. A player must be willing to cooperate with his fellows and his coaches. Size. It is a well-proved axiom in sport that “a good big man is better than a good little man”. For that reason the ideal football player should have a rugged physique and adequate weight. Mental ability. The good player will be a man who can retain his poise under all conditions. Application. There is a lot of hard work, almost drudgery, connected
with learning the fundamentals of football. Susceptibility to instruction. The ideal player must be willing to learn.
C. L. Campbell To Head Camera Club The new officers elected to the Camera Club last Thursday are: President, Gil Campbell; Secretary, C. J. Huffman; Program Chairman, D. W. Williamson; Chemical Chairman, A. W. Brandt; Chairman of Dark Room Studio, J. H. Poor; Exhibit Chairman, F. J. Hickman. This election was the first held by the Camera Club. Due to the large increase in the size of the club, an organization of officers is necessary.
Badmiutoii Courts Open To Faculty, Men Stndetita Badminton is to be cdfered tomen students and facnlty every Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thttrs^y from 7 to 9 p, m., between now and Thanksgiving, An outdoor court is available for persons who wish to play during the day. Equipment is available at the intramural checkout office in the Memorial Gymnasium.
Then there’s the proud father who wanted his boy to be a carpenter, so he sent him to boarding school.
Get Game-O-Graph Saturday
PETER ANDERSON
Welcomes
You
STUDENTS ^ ALUMNI GUESTS Wrecker Road Service General Repair Work Accessories Parts SERVICE FROM SUNRISE TO SUNRISE 525 ALABAMA Phone 4048
Senior Sittings
DEBRIS
Senior Sittings
Every senior, desirmg^o have his picture in the 1937 DEBRIS must report to the Debri^ffice, on the second floor of the Memorial Union Building, at his scheduled time. A fee of $1.60 will be charged for each sitting. To insure the best picture, it is suggested that the seniors wear plain, dark clothes,' —R. W. DWIGHT, Editor, 1937 Debris.
00 06 10 16 20 26 30 86 40 46 60 00 06 10 16 20 26 80 86 40 46 60 00 06 10 16 20 26 80 36 40 46 60 00 06 10 16 20 26 30 86 lli40 11:46 11:60
Saturday, October 10 Gambi, J. Krebs, E. P. Long, 6. B. Drake, J. W. Lanuti, H. LeKK,-B. L. Dillon. L. V. Lockwood, A. G. Wertzler, E. F. Duncan, B. L. Wheeler, E. G. Ghandler, R. H, Whipongr, J. L, Wills, R, G. Cole, J. D. Williams, R. K. Williams, W. A. Doud, L. J. Wild, J. M. Lambert, G. W. Dutenhaver, R. B. Lempke, W. J. Ghipman, E. E. LJoyd,^ Verber, F. Diesbach, F. B. Weldy, R. K. WilHams, D. F. Dooley, D. L. Hunt, W. T. Inewalson, G, P. Dieterich, R. H, Jones, E. K. Gompton, W. C. Johnson, D. E. Johnson, R. E. Dieterle, F. E, Julian, J. J. Wylde, J. W. Doke, E. G. Willis, E. S. Weiner, S. Downey, G. M. Lucas, R. H. Monday, October 12
8:00 Lewis. H.E, 8:06 Luedemann, D. H. 8:10 Lupton, H. M. 8:16 McIntyre, R. V. 8:20 McWilliams, R. G. 8 ;26 Marlow, D. B. 8:80 Medley, B. F. 8:86 Meredith, D, T. 8:40 Miller, E.B, 8:46 Miller. M.V.
8:60 9:00 9:06 9:10 9:15 9:20 9:26 9:80 9:36 9:40 9:46 9:60 10:00 10:06 10:10 10:16 10:20 10:26 10:30 10:36 10:40 10:46 10:60 11:00 11:06 11:10 11:16 11:20 11:26 11:30 11:86 11:40 11:46 11:60 1:00 1:06 1:10 1:16 1:20 1:26 1:30 1:36 - 1:40 1:45 1:60 2:00 2:06 2:10 2:16 2:20 2:26 2:80 2:86 2:40 2:46 2:60 8:00 8:06
Miller, M. E. McGandless, B. A. Magill, R. J. Milward, A. Myers, W. W. McAdoo, G. E. Strom, C. F. Marray, F. H. Sutherlin, R. V. SchloBser, W. B. Scholer, W. Nelson. C. W. Wood, W. S. Love, W, Lukey, W. J. Kreiser, L. G. Lutgens, A. D. McEachron, K. B. Morgan, R. E, Mettling, P. W. McNeil, W. Strominski, S. M. Swinford, K. B. Kwolek, M. J. Laipbeitus, P. Morenegg, A. W. Martin, L. L. Sunnes, P. H. McGinnis, R. G. Martin, J. H. Schelhorn, W. K. Sc|irader, L. P. Nichols, R. M. Shimp, H. G. Latter, R. H. Moore, C. E, Myers, H. N. Scott, W. M. Malinoflf, B, D. Scrivnor, G. Sharp. G. R. Merriam, G. E. Sheets, F. T. Morris, T. Schrader, W. E. Williamson, R. E. Silverthorn, R. C. Weppler, H. E. Nihlson. B. A, Noel, G. B. Sullivan, H. P. Nelson, E. W. Soldner, W. L, Merz, R, L. Staiger, J. H. Stalcup, F, L. Steinle, D. B. Polstra, R, M.
3:10 Phillips, R. B. 3:16 Schriner, P. J. 3:20 Reed, G. G. 3:26 Robertson, W. D. 3:30 Rosser, W. R. 3 :36 Royster, R. F. 3:40 Ruark, D. H. 3:46 Ramsay, M. G. 3 :60 Sample, J. G. 4 '.OO Walters, G. G. 4 :06 Smith, G. D. 4 :10 Smith, G. 4:16 Smith> R. W. 4:20 Sovcril, M. G. 4:26 Smythe, W. H. 4 :30 Spitler, W. I. 4 :36 Staley, R. W. 4:40 Reed, T. W. 4 :46 Reynolds, G. J. 4 :60 Reynolds, R. W. 4:66 Strauss, H. A.
Tuesday, October 13 8:00 Palmer, J. L. 8:06 Parker, C. E. 8:10 O’Neal, W.B. 8:16 Phillips, J. E. 8:20 Stone. H. B. 8:26 Pultz, N. J. 8:80 Phillips, J. D. 8:86 Smith, C. D. 8:40 Quiggle, G. W. 8:46 Milner, F. 8:60 Montgomery 9 :00 Steffey, C. D. 9 :06 Steen, B. M. 9 :10 Parker, L. E. 9:16 Schemmer, B. G. 9:20 Perkins, G. 9 :26 Petticrew, G. R. 9:80 Scott. D. B. 9:86 Purdy, R. J. 9:40 Seiler. W. W. 9:46 Pratt. 6. 0. 9:60 Setterblade, E. O. 10:00 Peth, G. L. 10:06 Pollock, G. G. 10:10 Parsons, D. C. 10:16 Snodgrass, H. L. 10 :20 Mitchell, W. O. 10:26 Mossman, R. B. 10:80 Rahn, F. N. 10186 Ross, A. W. 10:40 Roth, W. L, 10 ;45 Rothenberger, E. G. 10:60 Rowland, W, H. 11:00 Riggs, R. H. 11;06 Sampson, L. F. 11 ilO Steckel, J. J. 11:16 Stewart, B11:20 Parkinson, R. H, 11126 Pugh, R. 11:80 Poarch. A. B. 11:86 Sennstrom, H. R. 11:40 Moore, B. B. 11:46 Shank, R. J. 11 ;60 Shoemaker, J. H, 1 lOO Seward. J. P. "1106 Pickard. B. H. 1 ilO Sleaser, C. 1:16 Small, 6. B. 1:20 Smith. A. D,
1:26 1- 30 1:36 1:40 1:46 1:60 2- 00 2:06 2:10 2:15 2:20 2:26 2:30 2.36 2:40 2:46 2:60 3:00 3:06 3:10 3:16 3:20 3:26 3:30 3:36 3:40 3:46 3:60 3:66 4:00 4:06 4:10 4-16 4:20 4:26 4:30 4:86 4:40 4:46 4:50 4:55
Miller, L J. Muntz, R. B. Love, J. E. McNary, H. Lynch, 1. H. Reiley, G E. McColloum, A. L. Rhodes, J. McGormick, D. Ridgeway, M. A. Robinson, P. W. Boll, P. H. May, L. J. Oberding, H. J. Oberle, R. D. Offenhauer, G. M. Ohaver, J. G. Sibbitt, W. Soendsen, E. G. Silvey, D. W. White, E. W. Stevens, C. W. Werner, J. E. Stock, R. J. Whipple, J. H. White. W. F. Walters, G. 6. Moore, D. B. Arnold, Elizabeth Plapp, P. V. Perkins, R. W. Soles, J. F, Roehm, P. A. Reed, R. T. Luginbill, W. T. Marochnic, J. McKee, H. W. Maish, P. P. Martin, G. W. Rowland, C. B. Martin, K. L.
Wednesday, October 14
8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 10
Russell, S. Sherman, W. H. Ross, W. E. Sloan, C. D. Smith, B. M. Miller, O. W. Ray, T. C. Jenson. R. Whitcomb, H. W'alters, N. Winzeler, J. W. Nutter, G. H. Moran. W. R. McGaslln, K. M. Bauer, Mildred Ramsey, Helen Bellows, Georgia Snider, Adah Franklin, Avistls Stelnke, Eunice Hadley. Mary Tangerman, Mary Steinebaugh, £!. H. Williamson, J. O. Wolf. M, A. Walpole, R. H. Wohl, P. G. Peffer, E. Louise Warren. P. G.
10:36 Wright, G. W. 10:40 Pierce, Virginia 10:45 Pigman, Jean 10:60 Barnett, Betty 11:00 Metzger, W. J. 11:06 Warren, E. M. 11:10 Anspach, Ruth 11:15 Rhodes, Mildred 11:20 Bell, Mary 11:25 Rogers, Marian 11 ;30 Brambiett, Luvenia 11:36 Rushton, Mary B. 11:40 Branigin, Betty 11:46 Simpson, Betty 11:60 Garter. Margaret 1:00 Strang, H. 1:06 Willey, F. G. 1:10 Wallace, R. H. 1:16 Padgett, Joan 1:20 Atwood, June 1:25 Baur, Betty 1:30 Schaaf, Sarah 1 ;36 Bennewitz, Jayne 1:40 Silvermann, Florence 1:46 Boecker, Marybelle 1:60 Smith, Effie 2 :00 Mason, D. G. 2 -06 Galvin, Janet 2:10 Spring, Martha 2:16 Gharles, Marjorie 2:20 Stair, Alice 2:26 Sundvahl, Marjorie 2:30 Glark, Virginia 2:36 Templeton, Jane 2:40 Glevenger, Martha 2 ;46 Piper, Junerose '2:60 Adkins. Jean 3:00 Ghristopberson, Ruth 3:06 Reisner, Hope 3:10 Gopeland, Ruth 8:15 Scudder, Jeanette 3:20 Greech, Helen 3:26 Season, Geneve 3:30 Decker, Mary K 3:86 Simpson. Marjorie 3:40 Dimmick, Margaret 8:45 Dix, Mary E. 3 ;60 Stigleman, Rosamund 3:65 Peldt, Irene 4:00 Wait, D. N. 4 ;06 Wilson. F. B. 4 :10 Nicholson. P. C. 4:16 Willennar, A. H. 4:20 Wood,L.D. 4:26 McDowell, P. P. 4:30 Wergin. J. B. 4:36 Wearly.W.L. 4;40MuU.D.F. 4:46 Woodruff. J.K. 4 :60 MoAIpin. A. W. 4:66 Winter. W.W. Thursday. Octidiar 16 8:0O Maganidhi, B. 8 !06 Cox. Kathleen 8:10 Pitch. Mildr^ 8:16 Plorer. Betty Ann 8:29 Friend. Mary 8:26 Bawles, Charlotte 8:39 Bussell. Jane 8:36 I^nk. iriselten 8:40 Grimm. Kuth
8:45 Halstead, Georgia 8:60 Bertha, Eileen 9:00 Van Rie, Loretta 9:05 Gershuny, Sarah 9:10 Greenburg, Nellie 9.16 Vaughn, Cary 9:20 Parker, Jean 9:26 Walker, Martha 9:30 Walkey, Frvtzie 9:36 Harrison, Barbara 9:40 Zovod, Lillian 9 ;46 Hebner, Mary 9 .60 Hilton, Katherine 10:00 Test, Dorothy 10:06 Budsall, L. C. 10:10 Graves, Julia 10:16 Hadley, Ruth 10:20 Hamlin, Thelma 10:26 Thatcher, Autumn 10:30 Hill, Blvelyn 10:36 Theiss, Mary 10:40 Keller. Eugenia . 10:45 Vennemann.Minadel 10:50 Knott, Marjorie 11:00 Watson, Margaret 11:05 Hanley, Jean 11:10 Winterrowd. Marian 11:15 Hixon. Lois 11 ;20 Huryeh, Mary 11:26 Symons, Dorotha 11 ;30 Jacobson, Zedia 11 ;36 Troutman, Edythe 11:49t Tyner, Mary 11:46 Jones, Patricia 11 ;69 Kelly, Regina 1:00 Thorntwugh, Jane 1:06 Wiisott) Mary 1:19 Hutson. Edna 1:16 Yaeger, Jeanette 1:20 Josselyn, Elizabeth 1:26 Kerfchoff, Lillian 1:30 Koons. Helen 1:36 Krull. Marjorie 1:40 Kuehn. Dorothy 1:45 Leonard. Jane 1:60 Lippert. June 2:00 Lee.WUleHa 2:05 McBride. Virginia 2:10 McQueen, Mary Frances 2:16 Tyler. Mary E. 2:20 Mann.EJlen 2 ;86 Marquis. Marjorie 2:30 Marshall, Arleen 2:35 Marshall, Bobe^a 2:40 Meharry. Chltra 2:45 Mills. Madred 2:60 MitcheB. Esther 3 lOO Johnson. Gertrude * 3:05 Moore. Ruth 3:19 Murphy. Lillian 3:15 Kitchin, Doris 4 ;09 Cook. Dorothy 4:05 Crepps, Floy 4U0 McCoy. Jane 4:16 Armon. C. R 4:20 Fields. F.E. 4:25 Coombs. G.Br 4:30 Ha».J. 4:35 McKee. Sally 4:40 Marshall, ^ine 4:45 Murphy. Helen Thi)»neft.H.B.Us. L.J’t.tj.
ft
' j'"' ;W. >.! >5- V«S jJCJP Wi f»»ij ^ f ^ u F TBT^ 7
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, October 10, 1936
ALUMNI the Union welcomes You
With fast, efficient service and all the comforts and conveniences available. Good food . . . Cafeteria— Chestnut Room—Sweetshop— Grill Lounge, 10:30 A. M. to Game Time and immediately thereafter. Special Table D’Hote Dinner in the Ballroom . . . 60c . . . 11:00 A. M. to Game Time.
Use all the lounges^ inspect the Brotusing Room, Game Roomy Grill, Bo^itUng Alleys. Meet old and new friends in the
Purdue Memorial Union
I-ilL-Jib.
m ££
p-
r*^
**Comer of the Camfus ... Tet the Center of College Activities**' J i. ^
m
V i "'"f’-i,' i ”‘jfV |. ' ‘;
Saturday, October 10,1936
\ ^$7
V7- ^ ^ t V
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Deac Says All
Tennis Rackets and Tennis Balls 2S% Off
All This Week
H. G. REISNER ... Book Storfe
LYLE E. FISHER Watcbmaker This is all we do, but we do it well WaUace Block 322 Ferry Si. Opposite Post Office
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
460 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
Philco model 116X DeLuxe, $200 00 (with Philco high efficiency aerial for best foreign reception)
ALUMHI
Does Your House Need a New
PHILCO
A Complete Stock Is on Display
at The
Foster Shop
116 N. Third St., Lafayette
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPUXnENT
Ci
tines;
By OUVS SCHATZLEY
Presbyterian students, 7th and Columbia Sts., Lafayette. Mr. V. D. Bistro, from Jugo-Slavia, a junior in the school of science, will speak at the Sunday Evening club this week. Mr. Bistro will tell something of his native land and also how he happened to come to Purdue. Jim and George Byrne and Carroll Wilcox, from Norwich, N. Y., will sing. The club meets at 6:16 in the recreation building of the church. The student discussion group will meet at 9:30 in the morning with worship at 10:45.
copa] church, Sixth and Ferry Sts., Lafayette, Rev. R. F. Thornton, pastor. Holy Communion at 8 a. m. Morning Service, 10:45. Young Peoples’ Fellowship, supper 6 p. m. in the parish, Sixth and Ferry Sts. Program at 7 o’clock. Prof. C. L. Morgan will talk on “Some Interesting Facts of Psychology”.
Baptist students: The Roger Williams student class will meet at 9:30 in the West Lafayette Baptist church with Dean Fisher as regular teacher. The Social Hour of the club will meet at 6:30 p. m. Mrs. William Kessel, formerly of Terre Haute, will give a number of readings and sketches. Lunch will be served at 6:10 for 10 cents. “The Christian Philosophy of
Life” is the topic of discussion to be led by Paul Yoke, president of the cabinet. In the morning service Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason will bring the message, “Achieving Great Faith” and in the evening “The Cheater Who Found God”.
Methodists: Rev. McFadden, pas tor. The Sunday program of the Wesley Foundation is full of interesting topics and happenings. The men’s class will meet at the church at 9:30 to hear Lome Doud speak on “Christian Youth Building a New World”. In this talk he will tell
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 60S0
ALUMNI
WE SAY-
HELLO!
Men, Gejsler's still outfits you with the best and the latest in wearing apparel.
Ceisler’s Clothes Shop Inc. SOO Main Street
about the two national conferences for young people that he attended this summer. The co-ed class will meet at the same time at the Foundation House to hear the reports of Helen Murphy and Lita Newman i on the Geneva conference they attended this summer. The regular morning service will be conducted in the church at 10:40. Everybody is invited to come to the Fellowship supper at 6 o’clock to eat and have an hour and a half of fun. The Epworth League will be held at the church at 6:30 with Mr. T. K. Noss as the speaker on “Christianity and Our Social Order”.
^36 Class Directory On Sale At Union
Class directories of the graduating class of 1936 have been compiled and will be on sale at the Union desk today and tomorrow at the price of 25 cents, according to an announcement by W. W. Glenny, secretary of the ’36 class. The names and addresses in this directory have been arranged in both alphabetical and geographical order. After tomorrow they may be obtained by writing or calling at the office of the Purdue Alumni Association in the Union Building.
The thinking: fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 2Sc per passengrer any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
EducatorTells Why Students Attend Some Universities
Lincoln, Neb.—(ACP)—^Do you know the predominant reasons that students attend certain universities ? Surveys on this subject are always interesting ev§n though they may not always be scientifically accurate. ^ Dr. S. M. Corey, professor of educational psychology and measurements at the University of Nebraska, made an extensive study of this question in so far as his own institution was concerned, and these were the answers, in the order listed: (1) Recommendation of high school teachers and administrators; (2) Proximity of the university to the student’s home; (3) Family influence; (4) Prestige of the institution; (5) Economy; (6) Availability of desired courses; (7) Influence of friends. “Of the seven students who gave 'influence of athletics’ as their reason,” says Dr. Corey, “five rank in the lowest psychological test and none in the highest.”
Gold And Black Aces
Play At Indiana Tonight
Tonight at I. U., Ken Ebershoff opens his second season as the leader of the Gold and Black Aces. Featuring the trumpet stylist, Johnny Rubin, they are playing for the Sigma Pi pledge dance. Also with the band is Russ Mock, pianist and arranger “extraordinary.” Swinging down with the rhythm craze, the Aces promise to be one of the outstanding bands on the campus this year.
Dr, Clarence A. Mills, of the University of Cincinnati, claims that the falling birth rate is due to an increase in the earth’s heat.
Women drivers react more slowly than men in time of braking emergency, according to findings of a series of scientific tests given at Pennsylvania State College.
WELCOME BACK HOME Drop in and see us Burnham’s Service Station
State and Main
MOBILGAS MOBILOIL
TIRES BATTERIES
WELCOME, ALUMNI
FLOWERS
for the Game from
ROTH'S
Will Please Her ROTH FLORIST, INC.
635 Main Sf., in Luna Theatre Bldg. Phone 7955-8050
WELCOME, HOME-COMERS . LAFAYETTE NATIONAL BANK COLUMBIA AT FOURTH
Member FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION AND FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM
For a BriUiant FaU Season
The Fall season, with all its dances and parties, will soon be reaching its height. Naturally you will want to look your best at all times. What better way to do it, then, than to let our trained experts design a new and entrancing coiffure, exclusively your own.
INDIANA’S MOST BEAUTIFUL BEAUTY SALON
LOEB & HENE CO.
EXCLUSIVE BUT NOT EXPENSIVE
FOLLOW THE FIGHTING BOILERMAKERS and LINE UP
with
The Lafayette Life Insurance Co.
Lafayette's only home office legal reserve life insurance company.
Annual Health Service to Policyholders
F. L. ALEXANDER, President E. L. MARSHALL J. W. LINK
Sec.-Treas.
Vice-President
W. R. SMITH Agency Vice-Pres.
JACK NEIL Supt. of Agencies
“How’ll We Go?’’
TO GAME— . TO DINNER— TO DANCE-
Does this bother you too? Why not let us help you? Lafayette Street Railway is here to offer you quick, dependable transportation day and night—^rain or shine, for five cents including transfers. , i
Lafayette Street Railwayli
I
8 - I *'
iSight
THE PU^IDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, October 10, 1936
What’s New In Heating And Ventilating Circles
Comfort and convenience make a strong appeal to the American people. They are the most energetic people in the world so long as that energy is applied to their business or pleasure, but are willing to pay for devices which add to their comfort or relieve them of the expenditure in their homes. This trait is responsible for the tremendous increase m popularity of mechanical fuel burning equipment for domestic use. The large numbers of gas and oil burners installed during the past few years furnishes ample proof of that statement. From an economy to the user standpoint, there are few localities in which gas or oil costs can compete with coal when convenience is not considered. The introduction of the domestic coal stoker for small heating plants makes a just appeal
J. P. Wayne Coal Co.
We Will Be Delighted to Serve You
Dial Day or Nighf 5702 East End Brown St. Bridge
Proper HEATING AND PLUMBING Is Comfort and Good Health Bazler Plumbing and Heating Phone 4357
Order Your Coal NOW! This mopy fall weather serves as a reminder that winter will soon be here and that now is the time to get the coal bin filled. Don't get caught in the next cold snap with an empty coal bin. ^BC=mP KORTY COAL CO. Phone 4033
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
FOR new—SMART CABS Call 2151 Radio-Equipped • DelUXE CAB CO. Corner Fifth & Ferry
Comfort in the Home
Prof.W.T. Miller
to the average home owner who of necessity must temper his desire for convenience with true economy. Great Strides Made Great strides have been made during recent years toward the perfection of devices and systems which enable the maintenance of year round comfort in the home. Systems utilizing positive forced circulation of air for heating and cooling buildings have been developed which provide for the continuous cleaning of the air and for the maintenance of humidities conducive to comfort and good health. The benefits to be derived from
Assistant Professor of Heating: and Ventilating:^ Purdue University
clean air are many and include longer life to interior decorations, fabrics, rugs and furniture. These systems are particularly popular for heating as their economical and satisfactory operation does not depend upon or involve special types of construction. ^ Summer Comfort Summer comfort in the home may be realized to a degree largely dependent upon the size of investment permissible. Air movement is the oldest means of approaching summer comfort and is still the most
popular. Effectiveness depends upon the investment in equipment ranging from the palm leaf fan to elaborate electric fan systems. Attic ventilation has become a popular means of increasing the degree of summer comfort in the home. This system includes a fan of large capacity installed in the attic in such a manner that large volumes of air are exhausted from the living quarters and discharged through the attic to the outdoors. The operation of the attic fan is confined to night time or periods
when the outdoor air is cooler than the indoor air. To be most effective, attic fans should be of such capacity that the air in the home is completely changed at least thirty times each hour. Air Conditioning Summer cooling of homes is a technical problem, the economical solution of which depends upon proper building construction and insulation. The home must be of tight, heat proof construction if satisfactory air conditioned comfort is to be maintained. Cooling air by humidifying is a low cost method, but is apt to prove unsatisfactory
because of the danger of wall condensation in case the outdoor temperature should suddenly fall. Humidity control as applied to human summer comfort requires the removal of moisture from the air and the most convenient method of doing this is by means of refrigeration. Spot coolers have been developed and are now available which are small but complete air conditioning units designed, not to cool an entire house, but to produce air conditioned comfort in a single room. Other units are available which are designed to serve a small restricted space such as a desk enclosure or a bed. Year round comfort is possible and will increase in practice as rapidly as proper building construction permits economical operation.
All Kinds of Coal
RUSK COAL CO.
We Specialize in DEEP VEIN COAL Phone 5741
West Lafayette Coal Co. The Only Coal Yard in West Lafayette / 32 YEARS IN BUSINESS 252 Main St. Levee Phone 7219
MAJESTIC AIR CONDITIONING FURNACES SToKoL STOKERS for Economy
F. H. SPEAKER
Office 119 E. State Phone 4976
WEST LAFAYETTE
Home 490 Vine Phone 4976
WHAT IS A STOKER? 1/ From the time that people first began to ask that question we have studied and handled Stoker Coal. We are now able to advise you about and supply you with Stoker Fuel.
Our stoker service department is one of the oldest. We installed the first stoker in the Mechanical Lab.
Stinson Clark Coal Co.
Phone 5001
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 119 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Acme Plumbing & Heating Shop
ALEX A. MATHIESON, OWNER
CARBON SPLINT COAL QUALITY FUEL—REASONABLE PRICES ALSO COKE . . . POCAHONTAS . . .. ANTHRACITE AND INDIANA COALS LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO.
Phone 5078
Fourth and Salem Streets
WELCOME, HOMECOMEIBIS ! Here is a helpful lift on your duplicating problems... .Write us $32.50 Automatic Feed... Rotary Stencil Duplicating Machine
For Clubs, Fraternities, Sororities and all Organizations... For Factories, Stores, Churches, Business Firms 10 EXCLUSIVE FEATURES: 1— Less working parts than any ^ other duplicator on the market. 2— Size of Sheet: From Postcard to Legal Size Form. 3— Perfect Registration. 4— Raising or Lowering of Print. 5— Stripper. 6— Inside Inking. 7— Adjustable to thickness of stock. 8— Speed of Automatic Feed— 5,000 Per Hour. 9— Prints to the very top of Post Card or Sheet. 10—Fully Guaranteed. A product of skilled engineering and specialized knowledge in the field of stencil duplicating machines. On demonstration at our store or in your home or office by appointment. NOTE: Check over this partial list of uses. You will be surprised how many forms you need that can he made quickly and economically in your own office.
Hay wood*s RETAIL DEPT. Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette, Indiana Complete Office Outfitters
Some of the "Money Saying and Earning" Uses of this Machine: SHIPPING FORMS SHOP ORDERS INVENTORY LISTS STOCK LISTS PRICE LISTS POST CARDS ^ ANNOUNCEMENTS <_ CIRCULARS SALES BULLETINS LETTERS OF ALL KINDS «_ INSTRUCTION SHEETS «- PRODUCTION SCHEDULES CARTOONS <- BLOTTERS <_ ROUTING SHEETS DEPARTMENT MEMOS PROMOTIONAL WORK «_ ENVELOPES <- BARGAIN LISTS INSURANCE FORMS STATEMENTS <_ LETTERHEADS <_ HAND BILLS <- OFFICE FORMS ^ RENTAL LISTS BILLHEADS MENU CARDS <- ORDER BLANKS«v
s
ii4 }
^tiiyday^ Octot^y 10,1936
TTHE PUKJDtJE EXPONENT
Six Sororities Pledge 111 As Deferred Rush Ends
Alpha Chi Omega
Mary Lucille Carter, Indianapolis; Louise Daniel, Westfield; Elizabeth Evans, Lafayette; Ruth Ezra, Lafayette; Jane Fleig, Gary; Rosemary Frick, Huntington; Elizabeth Frost, Evansville; Ruth Graves, Tell City; Natalie Hawkins, South Bend; Betty Hixon, Gary; Mary Huffine, Hammond; Juanita Julian, Columbus; Marion Kristjanson, Wauwatosa, Wis.; Martha Moorhead, South Bend; Kathryn Rhynearson, Anderson; Prances Reith, Goshen; Gertrude Schmidt, Chicago, 111.; Jean Stolz, Green Bay, Wis.; Vir-
ginia WJilking, Indianapolis. AlpiVa Xi Delta
Ruth F. Bilger, Chicago, 111.; Harriette Billing;s, Hartsville; Sarah D.
Bouton, Lionia, N. J.; Manetta Ohm^nn, Glen Ellyn, 111.; Nancy C. Phillips, Lafayette; Muriel Smith, South Bend; Edna Stephan, Gary; Rhea Thomas, Greenfield; Helen Rae Wilson, Chicago.
Chi Omega Constance Jane Baker, Washington, D. C.; Georgiana Baker, Otterbein; Betty J. Bills, Gary; Frances Bradshaw, Lafayette; Betty Brelsford, Gary; Thais M. Crepps, West Lafayette; Pauline George, Hammond; Dixie Gist, Bartow, Fla.; Willomine Gross, Gary; Mary Lee Hickman, New York City, N. Y.; Mary Jane Laramore, Evanston, 111. Wilma Mayhill, Logansport; Dor-
othy Miller, Youngstown, Ohio; Mary Frances Oliver, West Lafayette; Mary Petticrew, Pine Bluff, Ark.; Marian Phillips, Lafayette; Arlene Rothenberger, W. Lafayette; Evelyn Sappenfield, Newberry; Margaret E. Schatzinger, Lakewood, Ohio; Margaret Sexton, West Lafayette; Mary Townsend, Upland; Georgia Walker, Barberton, Ohio; Parker Wynn, Sturgis, Ky.
Kappa Alpha Theta Elizabeth Ainsworth, West Lafayette; Ruth Bartlett, Muncie; Betty Bennett, Shelby ville; Glenora Cullipher, Anderson; Catherine Davis, Crawfords ville; Janet Decker,
Lafayette; Lucy J. Demoret, Lafay-
ette; Luicel Dobson, St. Davids, Pa.; Mary Ellen Foresman, Indianapolis; Mary jTane George, Marion; Virginia Gould, Green Bay, Wis.; Ruth Hall, West Lafayette. Patricia Henry, E. Chicago; Elizabeth M. Hunter, Winchester; Althea Jorgeson, Glen Ellyn, HI.; Dorothy R. Johnson, Mount Lebanon, Pa.; Helen Johns, E. Chicago; Elizabeth Masters, Indianapolis; Frances Merritt, Frankfort; Vivian Fhelps, Martinsville; Barbara Pickett, Greenfield; Mildred Jane Ross, West Lafayette; Jean Whitney, Elkhart..
Pi ^Beta Phi / Bernadine Barnes, West Lafay-
ette; Joanne Edson, Aubomdale, Mass.; Dorothy C. Hardin, Knightstown; Dorothy Hewitt, Cincinnati, Ohio; Janet Humphreys, West Lafayette; Joyce Johnson, Chicago, HI.; Mary F. McLaughlin, Greensburg; Katherine Mounce, Rutherford, N. J.; June Prentice, West Lafayette; Frances Raebig, Chicago, HI.
Ruth RandaU, Oak Park, 111.; Dorothy Roberts, Indianapolis; Evelyn C. Ruth, Collinsville; Ella Lou Sexson, West Lafayette; Dorothy Jane Smiley, Kansas City, Mo.; Eleanor Turner, McConnelsville, Ohio; Carolyn Williams, Chicago, HI.; Pauline WiseheaTt, Fortville; Ruth C. Zimmerman, Warsaw.
Kappa Kappa Gamma
Marian Alther, Klvanston, H!.; Treva Berry, Indianapolis; DoroHqr Boenicke, Chicago, HI.; Viola Dammeyer, Indfianapolis; Barbara Fleming, West Lafayette; Virginia Gardner, Port Wayne; Mary Margaret Helm, Huntington; Mary Louise Hinclunan, Rushville; Mary Ed Johnston, Knox. Joan Lafferty, Kenilworth, Hi.; Katharine Neville, Lafayette; Bettye Ossenberg, Terre Haute; Vir^ ginia Phelps, Anderson; Bet^ Jo Sexton, Jasonville; Rufina Sexton, Jasonville; Betty Jane SpHman, Rushville; Betty Wicfcard, Camden; Isabelle Young, Lake Forres^ HI.
Music Room Program
NOON 1. Clair de Lune {Debussy). 2. Novelette in D (Schumann). 8. Symphony No. 8 in B Minor (Schubert). 4. A Perfect Day (Bond). t. The Rosary (Rogers-Nevin). 6. Scheherazade (Rimsky-Koesakow). EVENING 1 Dablochko (Gliere). 2 The liove of Three Oranges (Prokofieff). 8 The Fountains of Rome (Respighi). 4 Danse Macabre (Saint-Saens). 6. Ah 1 Sweet Mystery of Life (Herbert). 6, “Neath the Southern Moon (Herbert). 7 Le Gygnc (The Swan) (From Carnival of the Aanimals) (Saint-Saens). 8 Moment Musical (Schubert). 9. Rudolf Frint’s Music. ■» 10. H M. S Pinafore (Giebert-Sullivan). 11. On th6 Trail ("Grand Canyon Suite") (Grofe). 12. Quartet in F Major (Dvorak),
After the Game and Always
Chase & Sanborn Coffee and Teas
STANDARD DRANDS
Incorporated F. J. HEIMLIGH, Mgr.
QUALITY HOME FURNISHINGS At Lowest Prices
Eagle Furniture
Co. 425 Columbia Dial 2728
Homecoming Schedule
Get-
Today
Morning — Registration together. Inspection New Buildings. Reviewing and Judging of Fraternity and Sorority House Decorations. Cross Country Meet, Purdue vs. Wisconsin.
10:30 a. m.—Frosh Game—^“Purdue’s Future Greats” in action. 12:10 p. m.—^“P” Men’s Luncheon —Union Building. 1911 Class Luncheon — Union
Students!
Do you need an excellent desk radio at a bargain price? For your benefit—rfor clarity of tone and highest quality of workmanship we offer
TRAVELER RADIO UNIT PARTS
21SN.5th Street
HOMECOMIKG DANCE
Bari Gardner’s Orchestra 9:30-1:30 . . . $1.10 Per Couple V
Lincoln Lodge
Concert Choir Luncheon. Fraternity and Sorority Luncheons. 2:00 p. m.—^Homecoming Game. Purdue vs. Wisconsin. Class Reunions after the game on the gridiron. 5:00 p. m.—Smoker and Dance— Union Building. 6:00 p. m.—^Dinners and Banquets at the Fraternities, Sororities and Union Building. Evening—Union Bldg.—Gab-fest, Billiards, Bowling, Browsing. 8:&0 p. m.—^“Ladies of the Jury” —^Purdue Playshop Players—Duncan Hall. 9:00 p. m.—^Homecoming Dance, Union Building. Midnight—Track Meet Finals— Fowler Hotel. Scrubs vs. Lahr House Varsity—Main St. Levee.
Tomorrow All Day—Golf at the various clubs. See Lafayette and Purdue from the air—^Purdue Airport. 9:00 a. m.—1926 Class Breakfast. 9:00 a.m.—^Iron Key Breakfast. 10:30 a. m.—Church. 12:10 p. m.—Club Officers’ Luncheon. 2:00 p. m.—^“Seven Last Words,” by DuBois, to be sung by the Massed Purdue Choirs,
The Phi Kaps at Northwestern University have built an oversize dog house for their Great Dane mascot.
Prof. Selig Hecht, of Columbia University, claims that chemicals in the eye cause our color sense.
WELCOME
ALUMNI
Let us join you in getting off a cheer for OLD PURDUE. PURDUE will win ■—^you have a select team. DRYFUS MEATS succeed because we have select meats only.
DRYFUS
for BETTER MEATS 215 E. State
Photie 2750
GREETINGS GRADS
Welcome to our city, welcome to our special services at your command.
We hope that youMI enjoy your stay, see
Purdue Beat Wisconsin
While in Lafayette inspect the latest additions to our buildings, see the many new departments weVe added since you've been at Purdue.
Win or lose, it's the old Hoosler Hospitality that greets you at Loeb's.
Loeb & Hene Co.
Fbr 65 Y«ar< on tho Squaro
Cross-Country Meet This Morning
Will Run Over Three-Mile Course; To Start And End At Ross-Ade Stadium
Seven Gold and Black harriers will run against Wisconsin this morning at 10:30 on Purdue’s three mile cross country course. Students who are free at this time will find it worth their while to go up to the Stadium. There are only two veterans on the squad, Goory and Williamson. The remainder of the team is composed of sophomores. The men who will run under Purdue’s colors for the first time are Bodeau, Knapp, Long, Marozik, Bell and Luther. Bodeau led the sophomores to victory in the time trials which were held in the rain Tuesday. His time was 16:22. Knapp ran second and Long finished third.
New Athletic Plant Ready By Next Fall
(Continued from page 1)
dations for 7,000 students. The field house, which will be attached to the rear of the gymnasium, with the west entrance directly east of the main entrance to Cary Hall, and the east entrance centering on Evergreen Street, will be 302 feet by 172 feet. It will have a seating capacity of 7,600 for basketball games, which can be easily increased to 10,000 in case of need. It will also provide ample indoor traim ing facilities for 'tradk, baseball, football and minor sports, which have been sadly needed in recent years. Bids for the construction of the gsmmasium and field house will be advertised for immediately, and actual construction will be launched as soon as possible. It is hoped that the structure will be ready for occupancy next fall.
During the last 7 years of Big Ten competition, Purdue has won 28 games, lost 8 and tied 2, for a percentage of .777.
Resign yourself to famous names in sports. A few weeks ago it was James Fennimore Cooper at Marquette. Now Benjamin Franklin, at the U. of Detroit, is working at tackle. ‘
Roy Hall, Chicago attorney, was recently elected president of the Holland-St. Louis Sugar Beet Corporation, of Decatur, Indiana. Mr. Hall is a brother of Prof. O, F. Hall, of the department of education.
FRIEDMAN'S FINE FOODS
8th Mid Main, Lafayette ... AH Popnlar Brands of Beer Open Every Day and Sunday Until 19 at Night Fraternity and Sorority Aceounbi Solicited Phone 3021 and 3022 — We Deliver _
DRIVE IT YOURSELF ROGERS GARAGE 312 N. 4th St., Lafayette
STEVE'S BARBER SHOP 215 Vine Street Is the Place to Get That Good Hair Cut STEVE SWANSON Two Barbers DICK NORQUEST
Your Hair
Deserves the best
At last a beautiful, lasting permanent that will bring out the real beauty that every woman desires.
We use soft water and the best products money can buy thorough shampoo . . . scalp treatment . . . facials.
Schilling Scientific Beauty Shop
603 Main—Over “Hook’s”
Phone 6395
V if
LINEN SERVICE FOR HOMECOMING
You can have all the Linen need on our RENTAL PLAN
Lafayette Linen Supply G>.
WHY BUV
WE SUPPLYPage Ifen
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, October 10, 1936
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Rent—Board and nicely furnished room with desks for two girls. 317 Chauncey. Phone 4311.
For Sale—One of'the largest collections of antiques in Indiana at MOORE’S COLONIAL MARKET, 220 No. Fifth St.
Ask for Chamberlin Ice Cream. Special this week—Tutti Fruti & Vanilla.
For Rent—Board and nicely fur nished room with desks for two girls. 317 Chauncey. Phone 4311.
NOTICES
No noticw aMtptMl after 8 p. m.
Independents—^Help wanted, Male: Manager, producer, coach in drama; debate manager (sophomore or junior): manager and director of chorus, quartet and vocal work; manager and helpers in discussion group work: manager of date bureau; men for office work and interviewing. Help Wanted, Female: Singer er instrument girl for orchestra : manager and producer in drama; debate manager: manager in chorus, quartet and vocal work; manager and helpers in discussion work; girls for office work and interviewing. See Wilson White at the P. I. A. office or call him at 31912. —WHITE.
Bawling—There is a new women’s bowling class, P. E. W. 68, open Tuesday and Thursday at 2 p. m. There is room for several more women. Apply at Women’s Gym. —ELLIS.
Independents—All wishing to participate in membership campaign please report to P. I. A. office between 4 and 6 p. m. any day this week. f —PARKHUEST.
Strayed or 'Borrowed—^Black and yellow mottled Persian cat “Bimbo”. Finder call 55052.
N. Y. U. has a new* course is cosmetic hygiene.
Physics—Condition examination for physics 1, 2, 21, and 22 will be held October 17 from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 103, Physics Bldg. —ABBOTT.
A. S. M. E.—Mechanicals who have not yet signed up for membership may do so in G. A. Young’s office. _wELDY.
Newman Club—Members will receive communion Sunday, Oct. 11, at the 8 o’clock mass in' St. Mary’s church. A breakfast will follow in the new school. Bring your parents if they are here. —CARTON.
W. A. A. Intramural Managers—Meeting at 4 p. m. Oct. 12. Very important. —HUMPHREYS.
BOZY’S GARAGE
107 Main
Phone 2987
WEST SIDE BEAUTY AND BARBER SHOP OFFERS as before, unsurpassed service, all things considered. Our location downtown makes it more advantageous to you. Better oil permanents and individualistic finger waves cannot be found elsewhere. Three chair barber shop in connection.
217 Main St., Downtown
Phone 7888
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square
Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
CandY Week
OCT. 10—OCT. 10
This Coupon and 25c ' Good for a One Pound Box of
SWEET TOOTH CHOCOLATES
Limit One to a Customer
WOOLWORTH'S 5 & 10
WELCOME, ALUMNI Blankets, Jackets, Rug IVfaterial ALT WOOLEN MILLS Phone 6206 3017 Kossuth
A Head Start Into Fall
Though sun and wind have done their worst all through summer a wave will quickly restore your hair to its natural lustre and softness . . . and you’ll be the first one on the street with a new fall coiffure under your new fall hat.
Marinello Beauty Shop
FOWLER HOTEL
Playshop Ticket Salesmen — All money, stubs and unsold tickets must he returned not later than Oct. 12. —RUSSELL.
Playshop—Board members and bommittee chairmen bring complete expenditure reports including all bills and receipts to the Playshop office Oct. 12 at 4. —RUSSELL.
W. A. A. Hockey—Seniors and sophomores practice Oct. 12 at 4 p. m. In case of rain meet in Women’s Gym. —THOMPSON.
Hockey—Lafayette Hockey club will play Purdue alumni at 11 Oct. 10. —ELLIS.
Reamer ClWh—Meeting in room 1 of the Union Oct. 12 at 8 p. m. All actives and pledges are urged to be-present. ' —BUXTON.
Reservations
End Monday
One hundred and fifty temporary student directories were issued yesterday by the Student Union. All sororities, fraternities, heads - of schools, heads of activities, larger boarding houses, and a group of West Side business men were furnished with copies of this publication, The Union directory has been printed previous to the regular University student directory.
Reservation of student athletic coupon books for the Chicago game next Saturday closes Monday evening. Chicago athletic authorities must be notified as to the number of Purdue students taking advantage of the special ticket offer Tuesday morning, consequently no books presented after 6 o’clock Monday evening can be validated. Students still desiring to take advantage of the privilege of having their coupon book stamped for the game must call at the ticket office and present their books 'with fifty cents. This book, properly stamped, will admit its owner, who must be its original purchaser, to the special Purdue section at the game.
Student Union Issues Directories
WAA Will Hold Open House Tomorrow At 3
Members of the W. A. A. council will act as hostesses at a W; A. A. open house to all students, faculty members, and alumni tomorrow from 3 to 6 o’clock. All girls wish-'] ing to hike to the cabin should meet at the W. R. H. at 3 o’clock, when Barbara Dobson, head of hiking, 'will conduct a group to the cabin. Pauline Swick is in charge of cabin arrangements.
Welcome, Homecomefs, Try Our Special Homecoming Dinner
FRIED CHICKEN MASHED POTATOES CRANBERRY SAUCE ROLLS AND BUTTER
25c
S.S.Kresge 5 & 10
WSGA Activity Interviews Begin
Freshman and sophomore co-eds are being invited to the W. S. G. A. office to have interviews about activities. The purpose of the conferences is to acquaint the new women students with the various co-ed organizations on the campus and to help them select those which will best suit them. The sophomores are being interviewed again in order to record activities in which they have participated and in which they plan to continue working. The conferences will continue this week. Girls who are going through rush 'will be interviewed after rush is over.
Co-eds To Begin Rifle Practice
, Co-ed rifle practice will begin next Tuesday with an organized schedule for the four wards, the six sororities, and W. R. H. Seven weeks of practice are planned with one practice for each organization and two make-ups each week. The main match will be shot off during the two weeks before Christ mas. Attendance at six out of the seven practices are required for entrance to the match. W. A. A. points are given for riflery. Athletic managers are: for Ward 1, Florence Beilke; Ward 2, Louise Harry; Ward 3, Dorothy Neuman; Ward 4, Annabelle Smith; and W. R. H., Mary Mathes. Margaret Ritchie is in charge of riflery aC' tivities. The schedule for practices is as follows: Monday evening—6:00, Ward 4; 6:46, Ward 1; 7:30, Women’s Residence Hall; 8:16, Ward 3. Tuesday evening—6:46, Ward 2; 7:30, Kappa Alpha Theta; 8:16, Pi Beta Phi. Wednesday evening—6:46, Kappa Kappa Gamma; 7:30, Alpha Chi Omega; 8:15, Chi Omega. Thursday evening—6:46, Alpha Xi Delta; 7:30-9:00, two make-up practices.
Booke Shoppe To Give ^05 Exponent File Free
To the first member of the class of 1906 who calls at their store, the proprietors of Ye Olde Booke Shoppe will give a beautifully bound volume of the complete Exponent files for the academic year 1904-1905. This is one of tho few copies of the volume in existence and is almost new. It is in perfect shape. The book shop will give it away absolutely free to the first graduate of that year that calls for it.
you want to play the leading role as a smart dresser use Crown Cleaning Service regularly.
ROWN
AUNDRY
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
TOM’S PLACE
301 University Phone 5752 Across from Armory
Headquarters for Special Saturday and Sunday Dinner CLUB HOUSE STEAK OR FRIED CHICKEN Potatoes: French Fried, Hash-Brown, Mashed—Salad—^Vegetable Home Made Ice Cream TOM’S FREE DELIVERY NIGHTS——Get Hot Sandwich in Bed. Home Made Ice Cream 25c quart. Special Courtesy to Fraternities and Sororities. GIVE ME A RING QUICK SERVICE
WELCOME
ALUMNI
STUDENTS
FRIENDS
If you follow the crowd—and if you do you can’t go wrong— , you will get extra quality and quantity in food for lower prices
at
HUTTON’S CAFE
418 Ferry Street
Lafayette, Ind.