i k
' ■ ■ . S'"
‘« u t, K f
“If you can imagine troops trying to batter their way across the wildest heights of the American Rockies,” radios Leland Stowe, who is at the Greek front, “you’ll have some idea of the Jovean combat “that is being desperately fought on mile-high peaks within sight of the Ionian Sea and the Island of Corfu.”
“The resistance o^ the Greeks and the non-resistance of the Italians on land and water has enabled the populace to look across the ruins of Coventry to further horizons,” Rob>ert J. Casey cables from London. Officials looking ahead see the effect on political thought not only in the Balkans, but in Spain.
Anti-Axis Lineup? “With every new blow at Italy either by Greek forces on land or British naval forces at sea, resistance to the Axis in the Balkans is believed to be stiffening,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick from London. “H the Germans now go to Italy’s assistance, there is a possibility of a Balkan lineup against the Axis.”
It is reasoned in Washington, writes Edgar Ansel Mowrer, that “the hardboiled, but essentially sensitive, Russians may be undergoing a new political change of heart. Moscow may be coming to doubt the certainty of a German victory. If Moscow begins to doubt, then Moscow may encourage the Turks to stand up*” Alpha Chi Rho . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Leon Thorpe of Syracuse.
V y
Today's War News Digest
Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily Nevfs, Ino. Baffle In Channel A^ lively naval battle in the English Channel is described by both Berlin and London. The British admit one of their warships was damaged, assert “damage was inflicted upon the enemy” and declare “enemy units retired at high speed.” The Germans say their destroyers, making a sortie at the western end of the channel, torpedoed two British destroyers.
Volume 52* No. 70
West Lafayette# Indiana
Soturdc^# November 30# 1940
The Italians tell of a new engagement between Fascist air forces and British warships off Malta. An enemy battleship was struck by a heavy bomb, Rome reports. “Violent combat between Italian bombers and chasers and British chasers” was announced.
Axis Smashes At Corfu As Greeks Lash Albania Axis Fliers Bomb Albanian Front Is
Corfu Incessantly
By Leland Stowe
Moving Seaward
Naval Tallies Differ The toll of the latest naval battle in the Mediterranean, as computed by both sides; The British say one Italian battleship was torpedoed, four big cruisers were damaged and two destroyers were struck, and admit that one British cruiser was hit. Italians assert one British battleship was bombed, and two cruisers and three other warships struck and that only one Italian destroyer was damaged and one cruiser struck.
SPECIAL RADIO To the Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Corfu, Nov. 27—(Delayed)—^This completely unfortifled city is the scene of the only triumph Fascist arms have scored in Greece, but if you don’t believe that atrocities happen you’d better not visit Corfu. For 22 of the past 27 days Italian planes have bombed it mercilessly morning and afternoon, together with numerous ^villages through the island. There '’has never been a single anti-air cannon with which to reply to Mussolini’s sportsmen of death, and there still is not one. (Fierce bombardment of Italy’s sea gateways into Albania and a rout of Italian destroyers bombarding the new British - defended Greek island of Corfu were reported today by the British Royal Air Force, according to an Associated Press dispatch from Athens.) That is why the 115,000 inhabitants of this island are being martyred by Italian aviation. That is why Fascist planes rained 200 bombs upon Corfu, one of Europe’s most beautiful and least spoiled tourist cities, from daylight to dark yesterday (Tuesday) and 900 bombs on the entire island for the past two days (Tuesday and Wednesday). Similar To Spain What Fascist airmen once did to Spanish towns has been multiplied here into an almost unbelievable chef d’oeuvre of deliberate destruction. Until now the outside world could not be informed of the shocking dimensions of Corfu’s uninterrupted tragedy because no visitors have reached this island since Italy’s invasion began. Third Frosh Acfivities Forum Meets Tuesday Number three of the Freshman Activity Forum series will be held at 4 o’clock Tuesday. The meeting, which is for all freshmen, will be held in Stanley Coulter Hall. Jim Walley, Activities Bureau junior, will introduce speakers who are to discuss Universijfcy publications, the Independent, Debris, Engineer, Pharmacist, Agriculturist and Exponent. w.a.f.
A Woman's Whim Slows Official Dedication Of 'Man's Last Stand'
By Don Brophy In a swirl of dust and a blaze of fury seven men and a gal (all sophomore Union workers) barrelled madly and recklessly down the third floor corridor of the Union last evening. Partly because we couldn’t help it on account of the suction created by the dashing octet and partly because we were just plain curious we fell in at the rear and quietly followed. Rounding the wqst corner of the corridor on our right ankle we soon ascertained that this fleet crew was “hell-bent” for the Men’s Bum Boom. They paused before the door and stood for awhile as if in hesitation to perform some hienous misdemeanof. Sensing a scandal (perhaps this one mere female yrould attempt an invasion of the hallowed sanctuary of masculinity), we crept closer. Sanctity Of Man Suddenly, one of the fellows whipped out a little engraved, metal plate and began putting it up against various parts of the door. We were close enough to discern the raised letters on the plaque that
read: “MEN’S BUM ROOM, Dedicated 1940, The Last Frontier of the Sanctity of Man.” For hours this little group of honored dedicatees visualized where the plaque should be placed. In a simple, down-to-earth, straight forward manner without bunting or champaigne one lad began to fasten the dedication to the center of the door. Someone objected, so he qtiit. Then the top of the door was pointed out as a likely spot. This time the co-ed raised a negative cry. So he stopped hammering again. Come Again At about 6 o’clock the whole crew became winded from figuring out an appropriate position for the plate. Finally a synod was called and it was officially ^decided that the dedication would be placed at the top of the door—^tomorrow. In the meantime, the co-eds on the Union staff had placed a yellov)’, black and green sign next to the door which reads; “NO FEMMES —MEN’S . ByWE ROOM,” thereby becoming the first to dedicate the last sanctity of manhood.
By Leland Stowe
SPECIAL RADIO
To the ChicaKo Daily News Foreigm Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daiiy News, Inc. With the Greek forces on the Southern Albanian Front, Nov. 28. —Delayed)—How the outnumbered Greeks ever recaptured Philiates seems beyond belief once you have spent two hours on horseback clambering up the trails of broken rocks to that lone and lofty town surrounded by tumbling ranges of
sheer granite.
If you can imagine troops trying to batter their way across the wildest heights of the American Rockies you’ll have some idea of the Jovean combat that is being desperately fought on mile-high peaks within sight of the Ionian Sea and the Island of Corfu directly to the west. Greeks Attack Eagles’ Nests A few miles up this magnificent gorge the Italians are fighting to hold new lines on the summits that mark the Albanian frontier. Their positions by nature are exceptionally strong, but these tough little Greek soldiers have already driven them back from veritable eagles’ nests above Philiates. From pits of darkness voices of bivouacked troops crackle suddenly, then sink to a steady hum among the olive groves on the slopes lower down. But several miles up the gorge artillery booms intermittently all through the night, sending lightning shafts across the skyline. Then you know that liberty costs more than words and there is no peace even this close to heaven. It is something to remember—^the wildness, the savage, eerie grandeur and the iron hearts of the simple, amazingly cheerful men who fight relentlessly against stupendous obstacles. We had to come here to begin to know and feel what it is. We also had to come to learn for the first time how Greek strategy has completely outclassed and outwitted the Italian invaders in this extreine southern sector. Here, once more, it has been demonstrated that superi-' ority in guns and men is not enough when brains and fighting spirit belong to those who believe in the justice of their cause. Campus Varieties . . . will open this afternoon at 3 o’clock in the north ballroom of the Union. Irv Given and his orchestra will swing out while Bill Fall acts as master of ceremonies. The program is being broadcast over station WBAA. The program is open
to everyone.
University Enters Exhibits In Annual International Show Various University agricultural departments expect to uphold standards established by University exhibits at the International Livestock Exposition and Hay and Grain Show at Chicago which opens today and continues through next week, a statement from school of agriculture bfficials revealed last night. Feed Exhibit Besides entering animals in all classes of the traditional and prominent livestock show, except the draft horse competition, the University Experiment Station is placing on exhibit at the show an education booth to deal with the problems of mixed protein supplements for hog rations and wintering beef herds cheaply on pasture and roughage as much as possible. Solutions to these problems, as presented, are results of many tests conducted by the Experiment Station. This educational display will be installed by R. H. Chinn and G. M. Frier of the University Experiment Station staff and will be directed by Chinn during the exposition. The exhibit will be situated along with other university displays on the east side of the second floor of the Coliseum. m.1.1. Stewart Addresses National Fraternity Group In New York NEW YORK, N. Y., Nov. 29— (Special 1;o the Exponent)—^R. B. Stewart, Purdue University controller, declared tonight in an address to the National Interfraternity Conference, “The traditionally critical attitude of university officials and fraternity members toward each other has not yet disappeared from the American educational scene. . . It seems to me axiomatic that a wholesome fraternity situation can exist only in wholesome and cooperative relationship to the student body and the university or college itself.” Reporting on the success of Purdue’s training school for housemothers, whose first session in June, 1939, was the outgrowth of an idea by Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton, Stewart said, “While the 1939 school for housemothers attracted 94 people from 26 fraternities and sororities, the idea spread so that the 1940 school found ja number of individuals applying for admission in order to prepare themselves for positions as housemothers. . . . Needless to say, the infiuence qf a housemother, (Continued on page 4)
Varied Program Opens Fourth Annual Aquacade Four Swimmers Better Records As 600 Attend First Performance By Phil Johnson Beautiful diving, thrilling races, a bevy of broken records, hilarious comedy, graceful water ballet performed by stunning co-eds, and a variety of other events met with the wide acclaim last night as a near capacity crowd of over 600 jiersons in the gallery of the Fieldhouse pool cheered the Fourth Annual Aquacade presented by the Dolphin and Triton Clubs.
'Reduce Social Lag,' Olsen Urges Youth At Guidance Dinner Dr. Edward G. Olsen, acting head of the department of education of Colgate University, was the principal speaker at the Guidance Conference banquet held last night in the Home Economics Building. The subject of his talk was “Guidance and the Social l,ag.” After presenting an analysis of some of the troubles of the world and their causes. Dr. Olsen exclaimed, “First of all, we must help youth comprehend the essential nature of this world crisis. Unless they come to understand that poverty and war with their attendant evils are rooted finally in the lag of man’s social institutions behind his technical achievements, they will remain intellectually baffled, emotionally frustrated and civically cynical.” He continued, “Secondly, we must inflame youth with a burning belief that the obligation to markedly diminish this social lag is their own; that the challenging civic opportunity of their generation is to invent new democratic patterns of domestic and international social organization so that the present threat of technology may become instead the realization of its glorious promise.” Dr. C. H. Lawshe, Sci 2S, who is dean of Mechanic Arts high school, Evansville, addressed the conference on the importance of an adequate public relations program in conjunction with trade education. The conference will close today after the morning session. Speakers for this session will be Dr. Olsen, “The Use of Local Resources in Guidance;” Dr. H. H. Remmers, director of the division of educational reference of thfe University, “The State High School Testing Program and Its Implications for Guidance,” and Mr. Edward Salner, director of personnel, Koppers Company, Bartlett Hajrward Division, Baltimore, “Guidan|;e and Industry.” e.w.m.
Dr. Miller Again Boasting a string of events rang- / ing from Dr. Miller’s brilliant attempt to land a human fish with a ^ rod and reel to a fiating band and swimming chickens, the water carnival proved to be easily the most exciting and ent^taining event ever witnessed in the pool. A total of eight Indiana records were shattered by a group of some of the finest swimmers in the nation. Patty Aspinall, of Indianapolis, broke two of her own records, besting the state marks in the 50 and 200-yard breaststroke distances. Brilliant swimming on the part of two All-American iswimmers from Lane Tech high school of Chicago, Henry Kozlowski and Elroy Heidki, highlighted the speed attempts. Although not competing for records, the Windy City swimmers bettered both pool and state records easily in their respective dashes. One That Got Away Dr. Miller was unable to land the human fish, although he made a heroic attempt using a $1 rod and a year old 25 pound test line. A group of six divers presented a large repertoire of intricate dives from both the high and low boards. Wally Grubb, Murray Hubley and Frank Farkas were outstand^g in the diving exhibitions. John Dilley, national senior YMCA backstroke champion, Vernon Hansell, and Jack Carney, all of Purdue, bettered state marks in their respective specialties. Dilley in a single attempt copped the 50, 100, and 150 yard backstroke records, whittliog seconds off of each former best try. Hansell lowered the pool record for the 500 yard freestyle event by 17 seconds and also broke the state record in this distance event. Carney swam the 100 yard freestyle race one second less than the state mark with a time of :54.5 seconds. Not Ducks—Chickens Outstanding among the novelty events was a comedy number in which some chickens were released in the pool, and a special presentation Uf a section of the Purdue band ' (Continued on page 4)
Draft Reg^trants SDX Will Protect De Tough Guys
To Students of Draft Age: Each student of draft age who registered on October 16 will receive in the near future an eight-page questionnaire which must be completed and returned to his local draft board within a period of five days. Attention is called in particular to Series XIII on page seven of the questionnaire. All registrants should check the first of the four boxes in this series and should request that his induction be deferred until the end of the present academic year. ' Before the registrant signs the affidavit on page seven, he should be sure that he has designated his classification as CLASS I-D. This not only assists his local board but should also be an assurance that his induction will be deferred until after the close of the second semester. Students are urged to call upon any membel of the Draft Advisory Board (listed below) to sign Ms affidavit or to assist Mm in properly filling out Ms questionnaire. Members of this board will be available in their respective offices any afternoon from Monday to Friday inclusive. DRAFT ADVISORY BOARD ^ , F. I. Goldsmith, Chairman, Executive Building D. S. Clark, Mechanical Engineering Building S. D. Chambers, Heavilon Hall C* J. Klemme, Pharmacy E. C. Miller, Chemical Engineering and Metallurgy J. P. Seaton, Agricultural Hall G. R. Sharp, Executive Building Edward C. Elfic^tt, President.
An' DerMolls At De Floor Stomp
By Patty Ryan De Bowery, cops, card sharks, gold brick salesmen, Washington Bridge salesmen, yeggs, safe crackers, tough guys, and moll are given der annual floor stomp Friday, December 13, 1890, with the “SDX protective society” furnishing protection. Gats with barrels over 12 inches in length will be confiscated at the door. Be ye man or mouse a summons is required to get into the rassle. The “protective society” will drag out the mice every half hour, and file them in the check room for future reference. What are the limits? Oh about as Mgh as the roof can be raised, and about two inches above the knees — latest styles. What to wear? Be comfortable! Be happy! And be able to pass the censors! General theme for the annual
Riveter’s Rassle will be the New York Bowery, of the 1890 era. Special emphasis on the bulk and yeggs of that time. The annual Exposer will covot the theme and campus in a new and novel way— be sure and get one that night— December 13, 1^0. Fingerpribis Too! For tMs super edition of the^poser—SDX needs a few more pietures. Snapshots—you know the kind—and odf everyone are in de> mand. Turn the positive prints into the Exponent office on or before Saturday, December 6, 1890, 'Hckets will be $t,99!4: in the form of court summons *aA vriB be available after Tuesday, December 2, 1890. Note; Throat cutting M recommended for getllug dates fw tMs brawl—it is in the vc^ue thk year of 1890 A. D.J ^ r ^
i
'■'’f if
Saturday* November 30* 1940
S*i> Columii
We can’t seem to get these Greeks out of our mind Which is probably the same trouble Mussolini is having these days. And Adolph isn’t doing a darn thing to help him out. Which goes for both of us. As long as they’re just on his mind though, he is lucky. The boys at the front have them in their beards. Along with their (the Greek’s) bayonets. We figure the hardest thing to swallow about them though— Is their language.
It’s been Greek to the world for a long time.
Speaking of bayonets. Turkey talks about 2,000,000 of them, but the skirted lads in the mountains are the ones that use the durn things. They’ve routed II Duce’s best out of his trenches twice via two charges with those pig-stickers. Which is effective. But definitely old-fashioned.
The accredited style would include parachute troops, tanks, panzar divisions And fifth columnists.
„ Which accomplishes the objective in a fancier manner. But the result is the same. More dead Italians.
Benito’s boys have finally discovered how to slow them down to a slow run though. Giving the faster runners a good chance to retreat. It’s very simple. They leave the road blocked. With deserted military equipment.—dkh
The Purdue Exponent
R. W. Donahue Merle Hagemeyer
J. H. McKee
Entered as second class matter at the t>0Bt office in Iiafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail sub-
scription $3.60.
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager —
Publication Staff
News Editor —
Managing Editor ...— — D. K. Heiple Assoeiate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, li. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. I*. Traugott.
Business Staff
Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. 0. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Sbadford; Circulation Manager, R. M.
Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff
Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Siess.
Sports Staff Editor —. J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Ad-
420 Madison Ave.,'New York, N. Y. Staff For This issue Night Editor: Heaton Day Editor: Rose Ass’t. Night Editor: Jones Sports Editor: Johnson Reporters: D. T. Brophy,\E. W. McCullough, O. L. Allanson, J. H. Armstrong, E. G. Kieper, R. S. Kolb, M. J. Fox, M. L. Losey, A. Chatiield, A, Worsley, B, G. Smith, W. Carrier. Wintin.
The Ratio
3.93 .. to 1
. ed it in its November 25 issue. Wish we’d thought of it first.
Jimsdi}, JoJJl
Little Puffs Of Smoke
Yesterday was Black Sunday. Not because Rumania joined the Axis powers; not because it was a sullen day in Hanover; not because of any other unimportant reason.
... in and about University buildings are causing a great deal of consternation among the faculty, according to a communication received from the Student Senate. And this alarm may soon spread to the ranks of the studetats if something is not done about it. The Student Senate has given warning that unless the rules regarding smoking in and near University buildings are not adhered to smoking privileges on the campus may be banned. The guilty parties no doubt have been unaware of their infraction of the rules but so that no one may be guilty of being ignorant of the law there is no smoking in University buildings, in the entrances, and on the walks leading directly into buildings.
Yesterday was Black Sunday because, in a full-page, gaudily-colored comic-section, there was a tremendous picture of Smilin’ Jack married to Joy Beaverduck, his latest curvaceous, limby loved one. It hit us harder than the Fall of France.
We’re purists in this matter of comic strips. We’d view with equal horror and contempt any attempt of “Daddy” Warbucks to retain a billion dollars for more than three weeks or of Superman to catch the measles, or of Flash Gordon to be un-Platonic in his relations with Dale. There are some things that just can’t be done, and marriage for Smilin!^ack is one of those things.
Letter To The Editor
Twilight Of The Gods
Editor’s Note: We reprint the following editorial with pleasure, as it not only illustrates the ever-present collegiate sense of linmor in its “from the sublime to the ridiculous” but it sort of expresses how we feel about the Smilin’ Jack and Joy Beaverduck marriage
in Zack Mosley’s comic strip.
If University students remember, Mosley was on the campus last year to pick the DEBRIS beauty queens. THE DARTMOUTH of Dartmouth University print-
We like to feel that The Boston Herald is behind us in this protest because they didn’t print the pictures of Jack and Joy yesterday in their final hand-clasp before the parson. We like to think that, after a harrowing editorial conference, the Herald decided to hold up Mosley’s cartoons until he can show them that Jack will either get out of his marriage or will be thrown bodily out of the comic-strip in favor of Downwind or some other ascendant hero of the air-currents. But if the Herald prints the pictures of Jack in today’s paper, we’re sure that a great tradition has been set at naught, and that children can no longer turn to the comic-pages without the horrible foreboding that their heroes may be strangled in the meshes of mortal events.
Dear Editor: The prom committee on this campus has degenerated until it now serves only as a pork barrel from which to reward faithful party members. Not only has the election become a mere training school in dirty politics, but the committees elected in the last three campaigns have failed miserably in the execution of their duties. The student naturally expects to enjoy a real name band at the prom; after all, 6 o’clock hours come but once a year. But what chance has the prom to take its place among the major social events of the year if the music must come from some
Mahn Will Feature livestock Judging Team
Young Trumpeter Takes Part In , Contest
At Swing Session
Bill Taylor, a 14-yeai‘ old prodigy from Monticello, Indiana, will be featured with Maury Mahn and his band tonight at the pre-mixer swing session. He will entertain the audience with a trumpet solo. The swing session will be held from 7 t<^ 8 o’clock.
Following the swing session, Maury and his boys will provide music for the dancers in the south ballroom at the union price of $1.00 per couple. The band, featuring the largest brass section on the campus, will play from 9 to 12 o’clock.
The University livestock judging team, headed by Frof. W. W. Smith, coach, will take part today in the judging contest held in connection with the International Livestock Exposition at Chicago. The team left for Chicago yesterday afternoon. Included in the group are Glen K. Boyd of Greenfield, J. A. Cooper of Markleville, P. E. Jackson of Carlisle, W. F. Johnson of Merom, J. A. Stewart of Greensburg and D. E. Wepizel of Kewanna, all students in the school of agriculture, b.g.s.
Decorations for the dance will feature the theme of December. The wiU be a large calendar showing the month of December whb all of the important holidays mapked in red. Bandstand decorations will portray a freshman’s pot being blown away. This signifies that the time has come for the frosh to cUscard their beloved pots for heavier headgear, w.c.
“Parnassus,” magazine of the College Art Association of America, is now being published at the University of Iowa.
150 Farm Men Hear Khea
Speak At UFA Conference
At a meeting of more than 160 secretary-treasurers and farm directors of national farm associations held on the campus yesterdsy,day, W. E. Rhea, Land Bank Oemmlssioner, Washing^n, D. C., reported that building greater seoozity for the farm and always keepi^ the opportunity open to those who till the soil is a job that dosely cwrelates with the Farm CreMt Administration.
Be:^esentatives of farm loan assodatioBS in Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky* and Tennessee attended the conference, d-tb.
Marquette university has established « new navid BOTC.
SUN.>MON.—2 HITS
;IDARRYL ;F. ZAN^GK’S : Production of'
TYRONE POWER LINDA DARNELL wDEAN JAQGER OS Mttgiam Yocuig > A CAST OF thousands! I AVmBttsdi'Caaimy.Fos Piotut*
ALSO-
lACK HOLT — IN —
"THE GREAT PLANE ROBBERY"
LAST DAY—2 HITS ^ ROY KOiGERS in ^ "YOUNG BILL HICKOK' ALSO
RALPH BELLAMY in 'MEET THE WILDCAT"
The Old Killw-Diller In a Hot’Tuned Chiller-Thriller!
Kay's in a daze of ^ Bod Humor Men^in
the screen's big Mirth, Melody and Mystery showl . . . oil set for Toughs, scares, and rugcutting rhythml
in/
—Addeil— NEW! - TIMELY! - EXCITING! MARCH OF TIMES - ON FOREIGN NEWS FRONT
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE ToINITE
fiju/ulujL £xpomiit
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licthy
Here’s some news for you. Believe it or not, that Joe of all Joes, Art Grey, didn’t get a bid for the co-ed bid Harvest Hop last night and was he burned up about it. Looks like the boy is really slipping. Ray Williams pulled a good one in Junior Gunnery yesterday. The instructor, Lt. Ruby, made the statement that there was just one more point to be cleared up in the day’s assignment and he was going to let Mr. Williams take care of it. Ray is so used to not knowing the answers that he unconsciously arose and said, “I don’t know.” Gad, he ought to at least wait until the instructor asks the question, don’t you think ? Dick Robertson of the Acacia house used to be in the navy and he once made the statement while he was in Hawaii that moonlight and palm trees, etc., couldn’t compare with an Alpha Chi and the stadium. Lately, with the aid of Mary Jane Burton, he’s been giving his contention the acid test and so far no complaints have been heard. We wonder if his statement will bear up under the test. Phi Delt Dick Leukhart crashed through the other day and pinned Chi O Victoria Milea. Gad, another Chi 0 pinned! I wonder if the Phi Delts are going to break down and give a serenade for the first time in 22 years. That would be a real occasion.
IMO Chicago Times, Inc Reg U S Pat Off« AU Rls. Rea
‘Well, then take it off—I’ll tell my husband it was stolen!”
' band no better known that George Hall ? When the committee itself is the only group that will defend its choice of a band, something is wrong. Let’s get rid of this incompetence and rotten politics, which, strengthened by the prom committee spoils, permeates the entire campus organization. How? By abolishing the prom committee and letting Messrs. Vallely and Fletemeyer take over its work. After all, their batting average, as shown by their past performance in picking bands, is far, far higher. Which would you rather have, T. Dorsey or 6. Hall? C. E. G., Ag ’41 J. H. A., ME ’43 D. T. B., ChE ’43 C. P. H., Phar ’44
f. /. Goldsmith
The University of Illinois physics laboratory has a mass-spectograph, which in effect “weighs” atoms.
TODAY
MAT. 2:30 EVE. 8:15
GAM H.NAIHM PraMMS
NASTMlMaANAUFMAM SEHSMIM
MAN WHO
CAME TO DINNER
(^CLIFTON WEBB
EVE 83e, $1.10, $1,65, $2.20, $2,75 MATINEE 55e, 83e, $1.10, $1.65 — GOOD SEATS AVAILABLE — 200 Mat. Seats at 55c (Tax Inel.) 200 Eye. Seats at 83c (Tax Inch) — Phone 7903 tor Reservations -—
NOW PLAYING
The mightiest odventiife-iAmance ever filmed
Poramount Prosenls
GARY COOPER MAOELEINE CARROLL
in
CECIL 0. DeMIUE’S ‘NORTHWEST MOUNTED POLICr
in IFthnltelori
Pfleei—TMi Attraction Only
MATiNEe— 15c - 35e - 40e (Ineliiding Tax-) fvcMnot and All Day Sunday— .ISe - 40e - 50c (Including Tax)
MARS
Starts TOMORROW
JOHNWAYHB
/UBERrMKKER mm BRODERKK CRAWFORD MISCHA AUER BIlLYGilBERT-ANNALEEl SAMUELS. HINDS wOSCARHOMOlUL
ARC
.LAST TIMES TODAY-
with GORDON JONES JOYCE COMPTON
irs FIRST RUN
— ADDED — FIRST RUN NEWS
1
. . . assistant dean of men, will show pictures of his summer camp for boys in northern Wisconsin at the meeting of the Agronomy club on Wednesday evening at 7 o’clock in the Reception Room of the Union. The meeting is open to anyone who is interested.
i
I'
hi4' '4' U %■
■ I* ;v*'
% i'' /< f ^ V ^ r" 1"^ ^ ^ ^ i
fiwulusL £xpDmnL
Saturday* November 30* 1940
•t
i
f \
1^
Benpa Issues Call For New Men As Boxing Club Looks Forward To Promising Season Beating out a tattoo on a bevy of punching bags, some dozen leather-pushers under the. direction of Joe Benna are heralding the return of boxing to the campus sports activities calendar. This group, now known as a boxing club has high hopes of establishing boxing as a minor sport here. Benna is working hard to attain this goal, while the final decision is still in the balance. ^
Same Squad Returns
This club has just started its second year and Joe is optimistic in regard to the current season. None of last year’s bqxers were lost and the group has profited from last
season’s experience.
JVmong the veterans returning are John Pyle and Jimmy Beers, lightweights, and Jack Threlfall, featherweight. Another 126-pound-er whom Joe commented upon was Ed Miyamasu, a Hawaiian boy. Benna reports that the newcomers who have reported thus far have looked very promising. One of the new heavyweights is a warrior from the gridiron, “Tex” Smerke, varsity quarterback. Johnny Fisher, a lightweight, and Bob Parsons, light heavy, drew comment from their
instructor.
All Boxers Invited Joe would like to see many more newcomers come over to the Fieldhouse and join his group. He pointed out that there is more equipment on hand than ever before. Jimmy Beers will assist Benna in instructing the new men. Everyone who is interested in this sport should hustle over and start to work. Joe pointed to the fact that Golden Gloves 'tournaments, all-campus scraps, and other activities are looining up and the training will then be in demand. Hp was himself a three-time Golden Glove champion. e.c.y.
Vassar college scientists believe the Indians in the Hudson river valley centuries ago had a merchandising and industrial system not unlike today’s.
Sometl^ing New in TRAVEL, COMFORT and ECONOMY for Purdue Students Traveling East For Christmas Vacation THE PURDUE STUDENT “TRAILBLAZER” SPECIAL Operating os a Special Section of the Pennsylvania Railroads DeLuxe Coach Train "The Troilblazer" leaturag Deluxe Reclining Seat Coaches—All Seats Reserved, Observation - Buffet - Lounge Car, Radio, Air-Conditioned, Special Diner Serving Economy Meals, Coach Attendants, Fast Schedule All th^e Way to New York, TRAttiBLAZER COACHES GUARANTEED FOR THE ROUND TRIP. SPECIAL TRAIN Leave Lafayette—^Wab. Sta. .. 1:15 pm EST Sat,, Dec. 21 Arr FT.WAYNE, Wab. Sta.... 3:45 pm CST Sat., Dec. 21 lArr Crestline—^Pa. R. R 7:06 pm EST Sat., Dec. 21 Arr Pittsburgh—^Pa. R. R 10:45 pm EST Sat., Dec. 21 Arr Harrisburg—^Pa. R. R 4:03 am EST Sun., Dec. 22 Passengers for Baltimore and Washington transfer emoute to through coach in same train operating through to Washington. Arr Baltimore—Pa. R. R 6.56 am EST Sun., Dec. 22 Arr Washington—^Pa. R. R 7:50 am EST Sun., Dec. 22 Arr Philadelphia—^Pa. R. R 5:56 am EST Sun., Dec. 22 Arr Trenton-Pa. R. R 6:24 am KT Sun., Dec. 22 Arr Newark—Pa. R. R Arr New York—Pa. Sta 7:30 am EST Sun., Dec. 22 MOST CONVENIENT THROUGH TRAILBLAZER RECLINING SEAT COACHES RETURNING TO LAFAYETTE Leave New York—Pq. Sta 11:40 pm^T Sot., Jon. 4 Leave Newark—Pa. Sta 11:55 pm KTSat« Jon. 4 Leave Trenton-Pa. Sta 1 Leave Philadelphia—Pa. Sta 1:08 am EST Sun.. Jan. 5 LeaveWoshington-Pa. Sta ll:40pmESTSal., Jan.4' Leave Baltimore—Pa. Sta 12:34 am EST Sun.. Jon. 5 Leave Harrisburg-Pa. R. H Sun., Jan. 5 Leave Pittsburgh—Pa. R. R 8:40 am EST Sun.. Jon. 5 Leave Crestline—^Po. R. H. 12:44 pm EST Sup., J^an. 5 Leave Ft. Wayne—^Wab. R. R.- 2:15 pm CST Sun., Jon. 5 Arr Ixriayette—-Wab. R. R 4:50 pm CST Sun., Jon. 5 arrange now to make your RESERVATIONS ON the PURDUE STUDENT TRAILBLAZER SPECIAL —with — J. C. DAVIS, 359 Vine Street—Telephone 5065 WM. READE, 357 CARY HALL S—Telephone 8421 GINNY DIEHL, 402 Waldron—Yeleplioiie 5067 VIA WABASH-PENNSYLVANIA RAILHOAD
Sophomores Vie For Varsity Berths
Gold And Black Net Squad Seeks Twelfth Big Ten Title In 21 Years
Weight Lifters Begin Pre-Season Practice
/
Approximately 65 prospective Boilermaker weightlifters are building up their muscles in the Fieldhouse basement, preparing for the pre-season elimination contest that begins after Christmas vacation. This year’s team, bolstered by recruits from YMCA gyms, and two members of last year’s squad, Richard Sleeper and Ray Kaszmia, is expected to top state AAU competition and go far in intercollegiate
meets.
Last year the team, still in its infancy, won two out of five meets, all of which were very close. Kaszmia, who acts as coach of the barbell squad, aimounced yesterday evening that even though there is a large number of aspirants working out, more were urged to enter the competition. All students are eligible, d.e.b. Ed Holderman . .. stellar Boilermaker trackman and one of the nation’s most outstanding distance runners has been re-elected captain of the Riveter cross country squad for the 1941 season. The Escanaba, Michigan, runner is also captain of the track team for the coming season. During the recently concluded cross country schedule Ed was undefeated in dual meet competition, winning five straight meets.
Racqueteers Open Season Today With Two Meets In Ohio Leaving West Lafayette early today, Coach Chief Clevett’s squash team is starting out for what should prove to be a very busy day. Shortly after noon they are scheduled to face the Wright Field racqueteers at Dayton, Ohio, and later on in the day will take on the Springfield Squash club team. Today’s matches are of special interest since they are the first of the season. Boilermaker squash teams have met Wright Field squads for several years now. Usually the airmen manage to beat the local racqueteers about half of the time. H the former cycle of victory followed by defeat is carried on today. Uncle Sam’s birdmen should finish the day with a victory to their credit. Face Two Former Riveters ^ You may rest assured, hoWever, that the Riveter court-masters will be doing their best to prevent such an occurence. Two former Boilermakers will be on the Wright Field squad doing their best to make things difficult for the representatives of their alma mater. Tony Sokolowski, captain of the 1938 Riveter squash team, and Dave Blitz, letterman in ’38, are members of the aircorp’s team. Victory is expected in the evening matches at Springfield, but uncertainty as to the final outcome will certainly lend interest to this meet as it does all other athletic events. Making up the team today are Captain Jim Mann, number one man; D. M. MacMillan, number two; Paul Smith, niunber three; N. M. Goldstein, number four and Bob Green, number five, d.w.m. Chess Teams To Compete Today In Card Room At 9 The annual Purdue-Indiana chess match will begin in the card room of the Union this morning at 9 o’clock. After the match there will be a luncheon for the teams in the old Chestnut Room. Leslie H. Curtner, PSE ’41, is president of the Purdue club and Prof. F. D. Martin is the faculty
advisor. m.j.f.
A record of finishing on top of the conference heap eleven times during the last twenty years will be either improved or degraded by this year’s varsity quintet of Ward Lambert. Several of those titular honors were shared, however, with other teams, Indiana being the team most frequent forcing the Boiler-
ermakers to share the top rung. To make this season another win-
Josiah Macy, Jr., foundation of New York City has made a grant of $1,600 to the University of California institute of child welfare.
ner. Coach Lambert insists that the defensive play must improve to its last year’s level when Fred Beretta, all-conference guard for two seasons, and Eli Yeager, burly running mate of Beretta, clamped down like a vise on opposing sharpshooters. The graduation of Danny Fisher, bespectacled pivot man, will be keenly noticed in both the offensive and defensive departments. These three bulwarks gave the other conference teams a lesson in winning ball games by ceaseless scrapping. Fight For Posts But with those stars gone Lambert IS drilling several boys for each vacated position, and most likely the first few games will find varied combinations for each tilt. Regulars returning from last year’s titular quintet are being forced by scrappy sophomores and inspired veterans to fight for their position. Only two seniors are listed on the varsity squad. Captain Bob Igney and Forest Weber, forward and center, respectively, are the only four-year men chosen by Lambert for this season’s title-defend-ing squad. Held over from last year, Don Blanken, who led the squad in scoring and Frosty Sprowl, versatile forward, will work with Bob Igney to form the nucleus of the quintet. Mickey Tierney and Red Caress are strong candidates at the guard positions, both men having played much of the time last
year.
Sophs Star Of the aggressive group of sophomores competing for posts, Tom Kieffer, Warren Seaborg, and George Fields are distinct possibilities at forward. Howard Hoffpian. Bob Riley, Bill Sumner, and Fred Krampe are likewise extending the veterans to the limit in their drive for starting posts. Sprowl, Galvin Back Yesterday afternoon Coach Lambert sent the squad through one of the stiffest paces of the season, scrimmaging' the team for over 50 minutes. Frosty Sprowl and Johnny Galvin, who have been playing with the grid squad, were both in uniform last night. Sprowl picked up the game where he left off last season at Illinois,
W in the McLean
in the McLean Music Co.
f14 Main St.
OFFER THE LATEST RELEASES by VICTOR • BLUEBIRD • COLUMBIA DECCA • OKEH A Nightingale Sang In Berkeley Square Dream Valley \ Victor (Sammy Kaye) 50c ^ ’ Love of My Life ' ^ A Handful of Stars Victor (Artie Shaw) 50c
Mean to Me
Sweet Molly Malone "> Decca (Andrew Sisters) 35e Two Dreams Met Down Argentina Way Okeh (Gene Krupa) 35e
Mama Inez
The Peanut Vendor Columbia (Xavier Ceigat) 50c Semper Fidel is Dance of the Fbwers Bluebird (Larry Clinton) 35c
sinking eight buckets during the time he was in the game. Mickey Tierney and Ben Korschot displayed mid-season form as they swished a number of counters through the net. ” \ Stiff Competition Warren Seaborg, Fred Krampe, Bob Riley and Howard Hoffman, sophomores, made it known that they are definite contenders for the starting berths by playing bangup ball during the time they were in the lineup, r.o.s. Foilsmen Practice For Hard Schedule Riveter foilsmen have, for some weeks now, been working out in anticipation of the coming season. So far there are only two meets scheduled, but it is hoped that a third joust can be arranged with the Notre Dame maskmen. The scheduled meets are with Illinois and Chicago, the former taking place at Illinois on February 8, and the latter, for which no date has been set, will be fought here. The men to compete have not been chosen as yet, but they will probably be selected from the members of Silver Mask, which organization is sponsoring all campus fencing activities. EIrnest Wegener, president of Silver Mask, has requested that all interested students having had any experience with either foil. Saber or epee, report at the Fieldhouse at 4 o’clock on any week day.
p.e.l.
Sportswomen To Entertain Pledges Tomorrow Purdue Sportswomen pledges will be entertained by active members Sunday with a breakfast at the WAA cabin. New sportswomen, Marjorie Ward, Opal Blagrave, and Mary Pidgeon were pledged Tuesday night by Jane Fishleigh, association president, and received their monograms in sports. A thousand points gained by participation in various women’s sports are the eligibility requirements for membership. Pledges are now perniitted to wear black blazers with the Purdue letters on the upper, left pocket. w.e.r.
Aeromodellers . . . will hold their last outdoor meet of the year tomorrow on Miller Field. All types of gas models are eligible to compete for the club trophy which will be awarded to the member having the highest three-flight average in the contest. The indoor BOG contest will be held in the Fieldhouse on Sunday, December 8.
The original manuscript of a report signed by Hernando Cortez, Sixteenth-century governor of New Spain, is in the University of Texas library.
By Jweph Patrick Dolan « Picking up the Ohio State Lantern today we read quite a few remarks (not so complimentary) aimed at Purdue. The Lantern is the student paper over at the home of the Buckeyes, and the mouthfoaming attitude of the sports editor was created by the Purdue University faculty’s sudden turn-about on the conference Rose Bowl strawvote. —I-I—. It seems that the Purdue faculty representation favored putting the'’ conference champion in the Rose Bowl each day after New Years to face the Pacific Coach Conference toga holder; but two days ago found the Purdue delegates saying that they thought that all good little Boilermakers came to Purdue to study—at least some of the time; so no Bowl games for Purdue. But Minnesota goes Purdue one better. —I-I— Hie prood and champion Gophers say that they will never be a member of an organization who would favor post-season contests of any sort; so Minnesota takes the attitude of the kid who owned the only baseball in the neighborhood by saying, “if 1 cant pitch and bat first. I’ll take the ball and go home.** Wheel —I-I— CMiio State favors the Bowl game, so dees leftta, Michigan and Northwestern. How the others stand. I’m at a loss. But knowing Ohio State, I can see its purpose. The Bucks like those big crowds and that old filthy stuff that jingles, but a prolonged schedule makes a student deader than King Tut’s grandmother when it comes to studsring. —I-I— It is well known that the Eastern representative gets $100,000 poured into its coffers for participating in the Bowl game, and that usually goes to a southern school, which in turn comes to the north (Indiana, Ohio and Illinois) for its athletes, and jolly well out-bids what the best schools like Purdue, Ohio State, Michi^n and others have to offer. -1-1-You can’t go through the roster of any big southern school without finding the names of Gary, Chicago, Massilon, O., Canton, O., Michigan City, etc. in the lineups, and I mean the starting lineups. _I-I_ Frankly, this writer sees many things that prevent the IMg Ten (or Nine) from joining the Padfie Coast’s invitation. First of all there are the eKmatic conditions. Just imagine Purdue holding practi^ in this kind of weather, and poor Minnesota players or Michigan athletes playing on snow shoes in preparation for the game. No thanks! —I-I— ^en there’s the scholastic attitude, no dotdit the principle objection pf 6. A. Young and his associates. In this, I’m all for ’em. Purdue, as a technical institution, is (Continued on page 4)
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Profestional
• School Supplies
Riak Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK OR. HAROLD J.RISK 4th fir Hdn St. • Mwm 5T01
DEACS Everything lor a Collage Education
Dr. A. M. IRION MNTIST 119)4 Northwestern Ave. Intone 4965
• jawidifi
R.C.EIS6NRACH Javralar and Optomatrtkt 504 Main St
-4V' ^
" r t, , ,•' /, V " < ''^# 4 i- 1
4
rA ^ >
fiags 4 S^ifyi^
Saturday, November 30, 1940
fiju/u/m, £xfwtuutL,
4'^
(Continaed from page 3)
Services Held For Late
(Continaed from page 1)
An Irishman's Illusions Professor H. E. Young Four Svrimmers
probably peei-ed by only MIT and yArmy and Navy, and woe would be
the Boilermaker who attempted to practice from Sept, until Jan. 2., and then from March 12 until May
26.
—M—
Let’s play eight games of football and allow the down-town quarterbacks to play the post-season (or game) contests. No, Ohio State, this is not a “joe” school.
At services in the Rogers & Henderson funeral home Thursday, tribute was paid to the late Prof. H. Earl Young, state leader of farmers’ institutes. Dr. W. R. Graham was the offiiciating minister, and burial was in Crown Hill cemetery, Indianapolis. Dr. Edward C. Elliott, president of the University, was among those accompanying the family at the services.
Notices
Model Aeroplane Bnilders: Last outdoor contest Sunday, Ceeember 1, on Miller’s Field, weather perinlttlngr. —OBOBSKI.
(Continued from page 1)
-I-I-
The Purdue boxing team is being organized and Joe Benna, coach, is expecting a large turnout for preparation for the Golden Gloves, etc., on the Purdue agenda. With 5,000 men around here, we ought to cooperate with Coach Benna and produce a real ring club.
Stewart Addresses
Want A Job?
All students interested in obtaining work during the Christmas rush are urged to file applications with the Indiana State Employment Service of Lafayette, located at 312 North Fourtli_street, immediately. Persons with some experience, ability to meet people and a neat appearance will be preferred. Clerical help, cashiers, stock boys, wrappers, drivers and other workers will be needed during the Christmas season. s.e.c.
Studies at Pennsylvania State college indicate babies bom in October and November have better bones on the average than those born in other months.
properly trained and qualified, should result in a liiore refined attitude in any group of youth.” Reporting also on the results of the training school for fraternity officers inaugurated by Purdue University last June, Stewart stated, “It is my own thought that the Interfraternity Conference would do well to approach a few large, well-staffed universities in various sections of the United States in an effort to duplicate these undergraduate officer training schools as well as schools for adult counselors or housemothers. ... We must not fail in our duty to train and develop our leaders at the point where they contact and have the most influence in solving the problems of developing youth. . . . Without such training, we cannot expect youth, untrained and untried, to operate substantial establishments . . . and that which is of for greater importance, the young men and young women who must be the citizens of tomorrow.” w.e.h.
playing in formation in the water, supported by inner-tubes. A small 11 year old boy from Lawrenceville, Illinois, stole the thunder from some of the larger performers by his under water swimming and by his tricky dives from the high board. The tiny swimmer, Pete Reas^or, performed many of the most intricate dives which only a dhampion diver is able to exhibit. \ Grand Finale Tonight Tonight the second and final performance of the Aquacade will be presented, beginning at 8:00 p. m. There are still a few seats left for the show which may be purchased tonight at the door. The entire cast will be back tonight, including Dr. Miller, who promised that he would return with a stronger line and more finesse with the rod and that he would land the human fish “without a doubt.”
Speech 16-A Students: Schedule for the speeches is posted on class door. . —CARMICHAEL.
Football Ushers and Police: Please turn in badge and collect pay at the ticket office in the Fieldhouae at once —LOMMEL.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Rehearsal schedule for next two weeks is as follows: Monday, December 2, 7:30 p. m. in room 807, Union. Wednesday, December 4, 7:80, room 807. Saturday, December 7, 2:00 p. m., in Union, Tower. Monday, December 9, 7:80 p. m., room 807, Union Wednesday, December 11, 7:80 p. m. in room 807. Saturday, December 14, 2:00 p. m. in 807. It is extremely important that everybody attend. —SMULEVITZ.
Novice Pistol: Students to fire in the sixth novice pistol eronp may sign up in the tnpply room of the Armory. This will be the last group of the year. 12-1. —BROWN.
Wesley Players: Pledging service Saturday, December 1, at the Foundation. Please be prompt. —THOMPSON.
All Freshmen: Those interested in working on Scrivener staff report to office between 1 and 4 p. m. Saturday, November 80. —ALEXANDER.
All Sophomores: lM[en who have not received literature concerning the advanced military course should obtain it from Lt. Col White, Lt. McMaken, or Lt. Johnson in the Instructors Room at the Armory. —TORMEY.
Scrivener: All Scrivener active are required to report for a IB-minute interview between 1 and 4 p. m. Saturday, November 80. All receipt books must be turned in between 1 and 4 p. m. November 80 without fail. —ALEXANDER.
Elementary Structures 22: Examination for the removal ^f C or I grades will Bo given December 14 from 1-4 p. m. in the Civil Building, room 801. Please contact me at once. —SONESON.
Chi Epsilon: All actives and pledges will meet in room 866 of Union at 6:16 p. m. Sunday, December 1. Formal initiation. —MYERS.
All students: Group going to the International Livestock Exposition in Chicago. Intend to leave Saturday morning, November 80. Call 66238. —MEYERS.
Freshman Engineers: All students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, November 80, by schools as follows : Those whose names begin with A-E, room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building, F-K, room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building, L-R, room 201 of the Civil Building, S-Z, room 101 Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP.
GB 36: Examination for removal of C or I grades December 14. Make arrangements in room 109 Michael Golden Shops before Friday, December 18. —OWEN.
WAA: Indoor archery tournament'Monday, December 2, in gymnasium. No preliminary practices necessary. —BUERGLER.
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday, December 2, at 7:16 p. m. Pledges will appear at this time instead of 7:46. Be sure to bring cups. —BOHLIN.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Meeting of all active members at 7:16 Wednesday, December 4, in Room 106 of Chemistry Building. Election of pledges. —CROG.
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting Tuesday, December 3, at 7:80 p. m. in room 308 of the Union. Be there and bring money for transportation if you intend to take Chicago trip. —HOLCOMB.
Lutheran Student Association: Important meeting Sunday, December 1, at 9:80 a, m. at Rev. Stolldorf's home, 626 N. Ninth St. All members be there. —SMITH.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, December 1, 7,30 p m. in room 261 of the Union. Guest coming. Bring manuscripts. —REIGLE.
Kappa Delta Pi Fall Initiates: Fill in permanent record cards in Prof. McFarland’s office in Education building. —SIMPSON.
Newman Club: Communion at 9:80 Mass and breakfast afterwards, Sunday, December 8 Not December 1, as previously announced. Debris pictures will be taken at breakfast. All members please be present. —LUERS.
AIChE: Student chapter bulletins and membership cards may be obtained in Dr. Shreve’s office in the Chem and Met building 12-4 —KRAYBILL.
Buffalo Purdue Club: Meeting of all students from Buffalo and western New York Tuesday, December 8, at 7:80 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. —BAUMAN.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69 60 Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C F Ebershoff, 605 Mam St Phone 2779.
FOB RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service Cars for all occasions Mm $2.50 all night. Phone 2407.
Roommate Wanted: Large bright room, stoker heat Near campus, bus line Reasonable Call noon or evening 116 S Grant. Ph 2769
Lost: Sum of money between village and Union, Thursday between 4 and 6 Reward C F. Luedemann. 6086.
OUR CLEANING PROCESS
RESTORES
LIFE
TO FABRICS
Dresses Keep Smart Lines and Freshness Much Longer
Crown Laundry
PINE C L E A NEWS OF PINE CLOTHEf
IV / i
Pretty Co-eds Date
Smart Eds
who take them
to the Dance
m
Yellow Cabs 423 Ferry
5023
Dial - 3071
The Annual Dress Event Hundreds of Women Wait For! New Fashions! Revelations of Value!
Spectacular Sale! Georgous Dresses
Regularly $12,95 to $25.00
• DRESSES FOR STREET AND AFTERNOON! • STUNNING DINNER AND EVENING DRESSES! • COt:KTAIL FROCKS! BRIDGE DRESSES! • TRI-TONES! HIGH SHADES! PASTELS! • RAYON CREPES! RAYON VELVETS! JERSEYS! • SEQUIN, BEADING, NAILHEAD ACCENTS! • JACKET DRESSES! PEPLUM DRESSES! • SIMPLE NEW BUSINESS DRESSES!
Every type of dress you need from casual to formal is here. The variety is amazing, every important fashion of the season is included. Misses’ Sizes 12 to 20 Junior Sizes 9 to 17 Women’s Sizes 38 to 46 Half Sizes 161/^ to 241/2
DRESS SHOP
SECOND FLOOR
I*