y
' ^ /i- - - vi' -T’ , ^ 'h ' ' ^ ^ s\^
EDITORIAL j Comments on i ' Post-War Education
£)stablished 1889
Weather: Fair Yesterday
:^<Milir)e 56, No. 8
flangar Built For f4avy Air Corps ^ Baildihg To House All Planes, Leaves ] Old Hangar Fo^ Repair Shop Use * ' ■ ■ By Pete Georgeson . -tJiider construction at the University Airport is a huge S^ngat being built for the Navy Air Corps. The hangar alone i-$ tb< be three hyndred feet long by one hundred feet wide. Aldng.both of the three hundred foot sides are lean to’s. These ^l&e of a permanent nature, only getting the name lean to from tJlh sloping roof and adjacency to the hanger. Both the hangar ahd the lean to’s are made of — —-
Which shows that it is
ttOt just a wartime project to be juhked when the peace
treaty is signed.
I’he hangar is to house all plftnefe now anchored on the open field as well as the planes in the old hangar. This will leave the old hanger clear for rapid repair work and overhaul jobs. The lean to’s will house and feed the Navy flyers now stationed at the Union, giving the flyers much more time in the air and believing much of the congestioh in the Union cafeteria at meal times. Of course not all of the meals will be seiwed at the airport but at least breakfast and lunch will. I’his huge structure is expected to be finished in ninety days and be ready for use by these men serving our country in the U. S. Navy Air Corps. ' I Lt. Lewis Commands 140 Men The Navy school here now includes one hundred and forty men urider the command of Lieutenant LetviS and is growing rapidly. It is one of five of its kind scattered oyer the counti'y. Not long ago it was ranked fifth but now it has worked its way up to second place and Lt. Lewis has said that we won’t stop till we’re in first place. The school is something the University can point to with pride as being on the
campus.
The Navy flyers here are in training to become insuructors to teach younger pilots for combat duty, teach and every one of them has had experience in flying prior to their enlistment in the Navy and is here tb learn the technique of Navy instruction along with obtaining practice flying Navy trainers of various
tyties.
Sevfen Months’ Course f’hey are being given a sevenmonth course of which one month is ground work and the other six mbhths are spent flying. The flyei‘8 practice formation flying, night flying and get experience in long hops across country in radio oUhipped planes. All of this flying
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
COLUMN NOTiS Decrease In Riveter Sports Due To War Saturday, May 15, ms
WBAA To Hold Barn Dance Watt, Chilean Captain,
Enrolls In A1. E. School
By Margaret Herd
Every Friday night at 8 p. m. in the WBAA audience studio is time for the weekly Barn Dance. What’s this!—you’ve never been to a barn dance? Then you couldn’t possibly know how much fun one is. Why don’t you come over sometime? You see everybody does. Everybody includes townspeople (even professors), college students, farmers, and all the kids. You don’t have to tie up your hair and wear overalls (although it would be permissible) to join in 'the fun that that gang has every time it gets together. Master of ceremonies is Bill War-
rick, who can put on the show with or without a script. Although there has been a complete turnover of performers and in spite of gas rationing, the people from this vicinity have attended well. The audience is a real part of the show—for it is there that the spontaneity of the program originates. You don’t know what that word means—^well, you forget you’re grownup and then
just have lots of fun.
Festivities begin with an oldfashioned’ square dance called by Clarence Bodle and performed by the Purdue Folk-a-Whirlers. By
this time, Grandpappy has committed some kind of misdemeanor and has been caught. AWS would probably not approve of the methods used in discipling our man, but tbe audience finds enjoyment in his
pranks.
After this anything can happen and usually does. Joking, clowning, singing, and more dancing make up the program which lasts for a halfhour. A little man with a big bass voice, the Wrangler, Jeannie and Pat, Mary Lou—you’ll meet them and know them at the WBAA barn
dance.
wiz IhxA. dA, 9%. OmnAica,
Editor’s Note: This letter is being printed in connection with “I Am An American Day” which will be observed throughout the country tomorrow.
Next Tuesday Lt. Anne Hatfield, WAAC recruiting officer from the Columbus, Ohio, headquarters, will be on the campus to interview all girls interested in serving in the Women’s Auxiliary Army Corp. Lt. Hatfield, who is a graduate of Ohio State University, and an alumni of Kappa Kappa Gamma, social sorority, has been traveling extensively in Indiana, interviewing and speaking at universities and colleges throughout the state. On Tuesday afternoon. May 18, at 4, Lt. Hatfield will speak to all interested coeds at a meeting in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union, concerning eligibility and the various phases and aims of WAAC
training.
Coeds may arrange interviews by calling Women’s Placement Office in the Executive Building, 2955,
and asking for Miss Feldt.
To the Editor: ^ A friend of mine. Captain W. R. Van Auken of the Navy, sent to me the attached reprint entitled “This Is My America.” It seems to me that it would be very desirable if this could be reprinted in the Exponent. There are too few of our students and staff members who fully appreciate, as does Lieutenant Colonel W illiam A. Brewer, the benefits which are afforded by our country. Very sincerely yours, A. A. POTTER, Dean of Engineering By Lieut. Col. William A. Brewer
must be done somewhere other than over the roof tbps of the houses in West Lafayette and Lafayette in case of forced landings. Small fields are spotted all over thO’land for just such an emergency and side slip
landings.
The only times planes are allowed over the towns are when they take off into the wind and have to climb for altitude with the wind blowing in such a direction that the planes must go over the town in its takeoff. I The University is not only gaining patriotic satisfaction from having the Navy Air School but is also gaining equipment for a large Aeronautical Engineering school after the war is over. The University has given full cooperation to the Navy which has not gone unappreciated.
U.R.6. Paraihuting From Burning Flying Fort Lieutenant Robert G. Ralston, ’41 graduate, broke into the news Thursday when it was reported that the flying fortress of which he was bombardier, caught fire over the county of Essex, England, at 25,000 feet and he and the other members of the crew were forced to bail out. Lieut. Ralston had just put on a new parachute a few minutes before the fire was noticed because his first one had been torn. When he jumped through the bomb bay he found a high mi,, . a ■ wind and plenty of clouds. Re- yy ifp [\CA GitlS niembering that his meteorol-
THIS IS MY LAND, THIS IS AMERICA. Her waters and her soil have nourished me, her air I have breathed, her trees and her hills have sheltered and inspired me. I am one with her; her grasses and her minerals are flesh of my flesh and bone of my bone; and the sweet flesh of my ancestors have nourished her, and the blood of my ancestors fighting to keep her free has watered her broad acres. I am all hers and she is all mine. Her flag is my flag; in it is not just what I see, but what I am; when I look at her flag I see only bunting and colors; but when I look into her flag I see wonderful things. I see the breadth of her, from the spume rising where rollers of the Atlantic sweep in to the rocks of Maine to the yucca bells ringing vespers on the hills hanging over San Diego. I see the height of her, white spires rising through New England elms, and a pueblo throned on a red rock mesa in New Mexico, and the clouded summits of Shasta and of Washington. I see the.depth of her, the carved chasms of the roots of the skyscrapers of Manhattan, and the root cellar under the sod shacks on the prairies of Dakota, and the sweating rock a mile down in the Argonaut Mine at Jackson. I see the blue waters of Pend Oreille, and the brown waters of the Missouri at St. Charles, and the white waters of Yosemite, and the red waters of the Tennessee, and the green waters of the Potomac; and all that they bring to the land, and to the people; and all that they take away. Waking, I hear the birdsongs in Wisconsin elms, and drifting off to sleep I hear the long-tailed chat whistling at the moon above the black deeps of Tahoe, and the sea-mew piping the sun down beyond the Golden Gate. I see the age of her, too; the dinosaur tracks in the stone in the prison yard at Carson City, the ferns imbedded in Coal in the rich black heart of Pennsylvania, the ring upon ring storying splendor in the redwoods in the 'f'rinity forest; and, more recently, the traces of the Indians at Canandaigua and El Reno; the westward wheel tracks of the ’49ers, and the beacons of the skypaths of the airliners.
All these I See when I look into the flag, and in it, too, I see the men and women, my kind of men and women; their roots deep in old cultures by which they wop their way to the light, and their heads high as they stand up and face the light and know that it is good. I see the children, with the sweet soft faces on which no story yet is written; and the old people with their faces on which are written mysteries and heroic poems. I see the pageant of America’s people, led by the lordly and colorful ones, but mostly Joe and Mary and Tom and Harry and Beth, the ones the papers don’t write about, the ones that never are told about in the histories, because they just live and work and give their hearts’ warmth to keep America alive. I see the starry few, Abe of Springfield and Tom Jefferson'and Teddy and Steve Decatur the duelling man, and old Andy Jackson, puckery and fresh to the taste as a mount plum, and Henry Thoreau bringing tbe world into the confines of Walden Pond. I see these people and these things as a part of the flag and of the land, as I am a part of the flag and of the land; and I see the land and the flag as part of them, as the flag and land are a part of me. I see America and I hear America, I hear the music of America. I hear the winds and clouds making a great harp of the heart, and I hear the melody of America played on that harp. The mountains bow and the hills leap at that melody which no words can tell. ' I hear America in song and the spng is good, the voices of the waters and the winds and the riveting machines and the saws, the voices of the men and women singing, the men singing the good spirits in their hearts after their work, and the women singing to their children while they put them to sleep. I hear America in song and the song is good; I see America in the light and the light is good. I touch America, the dark warm rich soil of America, and the red soil, and the sUndy soil, and the loamy soil; and the soil is good. THIS IS MY AMERICA, and these are my people and these are my heartstrings on which the song is played; they are mine and I am theirs. —Copyright by The Washington Post, 1943
AWS Will Hold Summer Callout Tuesday In Union AWS, the campus organization for women students, will hold a summer call-out, Tuesday, May 18, at 4 p. m. in the AWS office on the third floor of the Union building. Every coed enrolling in the University automatically becomes a member of AWS. The aim of this organization is to act as the co-or-dinator between each woman student and her activities while in school. There are jobs open on all committees, with workers especially needed on the office committee. This committee is the most active with much typing, filing, nnd other secretarial work. It is the object of the defense committee to act as a working link between the coeds and the various war activities in the community. The social committee takes care of all'dances, teas, etc; the activities committee keeps track of all extra-curricular activities open to girls on campus and their participation in them. There is also the election committee in charge of elections and the publicity committee which makes posters, and writes stories publicizing all enterprises. ' AWS board hopes that all coeds will take advantage of this opportunity to become an active worker since each girl is a part of the organization and affected by its actions. Enrollment Drops 714 Less
Newcomer Plans Three Year Stay Captain Walter H. Watt is the newest soldier in uniform to enter the University, arriving on cantinis this week. He bears the rank’ of captain of artillery in the Chilean Army. Capt. Watt will spend his next ^ree years here studying mechanical engineering. ' ’’’ , Capt. Watt is attached to the Chilean Embassy in Washington, and is the only Chilean officer studying at the University.# Mistaken For General In an informal shat, Capt. Watt told of some strange happenings that occurred to him shortly after he entered the country. In New Orleans, a policeman stopped traffic for him and said: “Go ahead. General.” Capt. Watt was informed later that three stars on a shoulder stood for a lieutenant genera^In Chile, three stars on a horizontally ribbed shoulder strap stands for a captain. One thing that he has had the most trouble with in the 'United States has been the American slang. He now tries to use his limited knowledge of it, in order to better understand it. He finds that American coffee and cigarettes are nqt strong enough. Courses Last Four Years Universities in Chile use a different system of teaching. All of the courses for one field of study last for the full your years. Each couarae is spread out over the four years. ^Jince winter begins in April in Chile, schools open about the first of April and close for the summer vacation about the first of January. Capt. Watt plays the piano and before the chat was over he played a few Chilean songs, and a few American songs to South AineriCfin rhythm. YWCA Spring Retreat
Than Last Year jyjgy |2:30
S
Scenes At Music Hall Screen Reviews
teacher at the University hild told him that a high wind in the Pteaence of clouds could blow a parachutist away from where he is heUdpd, he waited until he had falleh 5,6oO feet before he pulled the rip cord. After opening his' ’chute he noticed that seven other crew members were within sight. He described the sensation of landing as “At first it seems like you are never going to get to the ground. Then—■ whooooosht! You’re down before you know it.” Lands Safely In Tree Top Ralston landed in a tree in an Essex orchard suffering only a bruised nose and shoulder and some scratches on the leg. Three members of the crew landed nearby and two others who landed off-shore were rescued by fisheimen. Some workers in a nearby field mistook Ralston for a German and greeted him with hoes ready tor action. Only casualty of the wreck was Sergeant Stephen Gogoyla of Pittsburgh. He apparently thought he was going to land in water and let
Thursday evening, May 13, the Army entertained the RCA Cadettes at a buff’et supper and tea dance in the Union North ballroom from 5 to 7:30. This was the first social event of its kind to be held between two such gioups and there were 180 present. A grand march served as a means of getting acquainted after which a short program was presented. Dancing followed with a buffet supper climaxing the evening’s events. Due to the success of the party, the Army hopes to plan moie social affiairs in the future with the RCA cadettes.
loose his chute. But he landed on the ground, falling about 100 feet. Plane 'Widely Scattered The plane, the “Southein Comfort” was later found scattered all over the countryside, and there was not enough of it left to tell it was a B-17 according to Lieut. Ralston. The wreckage occupied an area 600 yards wide and a mile and a (luarter long.
By Frank Mullarks We stopped at the Music Hall last Thursday to see “Screen Reviews” and came out bulging with curiosity about the works behind the works. In the hope of easing our throbbing desire for knowledge, we invaded yesterday the basement office of J. W. Ditamore, Manager of the Hall of Music, and subjected him’ to a heavy fire of questions. Ditamore has a free hand in booking the films, although they are financed by the Convocations Committee. The films are booked individually, and not in groups by contract; this “spot booking” system has enabled “Screen Reviews” to exhibit nearly all of the worthwhile short films available. The office session over, we grabbed our alpenstaffs, roped ourselves together, and made the difficult ascent to the summit of the Hall of Music, the projection booth at the back of the second balcony. We intended—-and tried—to count the steps, but the Hindu-Arabic number system gave out before the steps did, but we did run out of fingers before we got to the top. ^ In the projection booth are tyo
of the latest typo projectors. These projectors have sound heads which do not distort the sound regai'dless of any change in the speed of the projector. Screen 31 Feet Wide The projectors use 36 mm. film and are powered by carbon arcs, the most powerful arcs now in use, to Ditamore’s knowledge. The electrodes measure V2 by 22V(i inches and normally last about 45 minutes. The picture when it reaches the screen measures thirty-one feet wide. Electrically controlled switchover equipment allows the operator to change from one film in one projector to another in the other projector without a noticeable flicker on the screen. Ditamore recently returned from a trip to Radio City, New York, and noted that their projectors and equipment were of the same type. The showing of “Fantasia” was the most complex projection, job ever done at the Music Hall. By special networks, both sound systems and a special amplifier were intra-connected to produce the special ett'ects required by the film.
ISPE Elects Overesch President For Year
In spite of the fact that there are 714 less students enrolled in the University than there were at this time last year, there are actually 951 more students on the campus. According to F. C. Hockema, assistant to the President, there are 2,775 students, 554 of whom are women, enrolled for the summer term. But there are also 266 girls in special engineering courses and nearly 1400 enrolled in the special training projects for the armed forces. These will be enlarged July
1.
Eleven Fewer Coeds There are 11 coeds less than last summer, and 726 fewer men. The great difference in the number of cds is attributed to the war. The majority of the women students are enrolled in home economics and science, but 12 of them are enrolled in engineering. There are 115 in the Curtiss-Wright Aeronautical Corporation; eighty .in the special RCA course, and CO m the course for employment at Wright Field, Dayton. There have already been between 150 and 200 applications accepted for the special inti’a-session which begins June 4 for those graduating from high school between the start of the piesent summer term and the closing of their high schools late this month or the first few days of
June.
Last Thursday night at the regular monthly meeting of Indiana Society of Professional Engineers, in room 2G2 of the Union, Harry
Overesch, city engineer of Lafay- . i* » •
ette, was was elected president of VVDdfT1dQ0S
the organization for the forthcom-
ing year.
An interesting highlight of the meeting was the address of Professor G. P. Springer, of the Civil Engineering School, who elaborated on the extensive collection of antique furniture, rugs, teaks, Indian blankets and pottery, and specimens of chinaward which he has laboriously collected during the course of a lifetime.
Another feature of the meeting was the large number of women present. The presence of the member’s wives was very gratifying, according to Professor Petty, of the Civil Engineering School. Harry Overesch, the newly elected president was in charge- of the meeting.
Victory Gardens Wabash River was reported to be receding again after having reached a peak of 21.3 ft. Thursday. A nieasurement taken yesterday morning at 7 a. m. indicated a drop to 21.0 ft. and the rivpr was described as falling slowly but stead-
ily-
The sudden rise, caused by lecent heavy rains, is not believed to have caused appreciable local damage or injury, although several planted cornfields were flooded, the gram presumedly suffering destruction. It was also noted that a number of victory gardens have spent a few days under water.
A picnic luncheon at 12:30 p. m. will open the Y.W.C.A.’s spring retreat in back of the Stadium at the picnic grounds today. Contrary to the practice-of the past, all members are invited fe participate in the retreat, as well as, the cabinet members. Installation of new cabinet members, ejection of a vice president, and planning the summer’s program is the main business of the afternoon hut fun will hold sway in the form df games, group singing and a general “get it off your chest” session, i, Chaiimen Are Announced Dona Marie Irion and Marthena DuBois, are co-chairmen for the outing, Dana Mae Johnson and Betty Drake are in charge of refreshments. Doris Hahnenstein is responsible for the entertainment, and Jerry Bryant is chairman fer the religious interval. Reservations for the luncheon may be left at the Y.W. box at the west desk m the Union. In case tof rain members should meet in the Y.W.C.A. office instead of the public grounds. TONIGHT'S MIXEN HON^ NAVAL OFFICERS AT The third mixer, which is to "^le held in honor of the naval officers stationed at the University, will Jbe held tonight from 8:30 to 11:^ Jir both ballrooms of the Union. iVH naval officers stationed at the University will be admitted free. The backdrop will show a naval officer in his dress uniform with, his date standing at his side gazing 9.6 an airplane in the sky. Maury Mahn and his orchestra will furnish the music. Bruce P. Swintord . . .. graduate of Indiana University has been named assistant in the division of short course and exhibits in the department of Agricultural Extension at the University. Formerly a teacher of vocaticisal agriculture at Cannelton and Pauli, Swinford succeeds R. H. Chinn, who has been transferred to the deparli-,' ment of Agricultural Economics^ hPui^due Exponent
Saturday, May\0l * 1943
'm'%
ii'P#
Putduls Exponent
’4r'
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p, m., 5377
ionorary,Editor. lonorary Editor ionorary Business ManaRer . With the Colors
Manascr Hen-* Editor..;.. Managing Editor Advertising Manager.. Sparta E^tpr-, Coed Edifewfe
..,.WilIian> G- Hoskins ..Dale E. Butz ..Gerhard M. Klouman
..Robert W. Bosoinkic .....James G; Petty Sally Beall ;..Donald E. Brewer A. Jane Keinv Joseph S. Dawson Jean Laner
, j. Publication Staff Editorial Staff , AOSMiRte EdiW: H. B. Abbett, C. G. MarUndell, E. F. MuriShyi W. H. Tyson, W. L. Vermilion, C. J. Wilbur. Coed Staff: Ruth Ford, Madelyn Grotnes, Katherine Howes. Sports Staff: R. M. Lipes, R. J. Smith, C. E. Sowards. ^ • Business Staff Aa^tmit Advertising Manager: C. E. Gaunt. Laypnt,Director: J. B. Tabb; Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauerman. Accounts Manager: Mary Dilts.
kiilltofi-in-Chief...
The Purdue Independent
..Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue
Sports Editor: Lipes
tay ciuiior: ijruiuea Issue Editor: Jameson Reporters: Kropf, StelTes, Roll, Ward, Speck, Erb, Gcorgeson,
Vinopoll, Herd, Andre.
Xight Editor: Martindell Day Editor: Grotnes
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March. 3, 187fl, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section llOS, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Fublisted on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings during tire year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.25 for a semester; by mail for $1.60 for a semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West De.sk of the Union.. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Sei-vice, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
I'hree Hour Lectures Tavo and three hour lectures^—pet peeves ot engineering students—are they as efficient as their institutors believe ? Maybe—but then, maybe not. it is a common practice in several schools, especially in the E. E. school, in their junior and senior lab. courses, to throw in a tw'b or ■ three hour lecture in place of a lab period. It has not been uncommon to some students to have such a lecture occur on the average of every other week in a semester. Not that this pet peeve'could result in a major issue, yet it is not so small nor so trivial as to be overlooked. “Well,” says some, “if the student isn’t interested enough to get the most out of his courses, it is his money and time wasted.” Cgnceded, too, that many technical courses are not given as many hours as should be, and that Scheduling problems arise in spreading oii't the labs, yet it still appears to us that efficiency is certainly not just around the corner, if close at all, in the three and two hour lecture period. " A tip from the psychologists, movie producers and after-dinner speakers tells us that too; much of one thing is too much—which exiilains the reason for “punch lines” in the movies and little anecdotes in after-dinner speeches. These people, skilled in their own lines, know that an audience, no matter how interested, will become bored, after a certain length 6^ time, on one subject, unless something is done to relieve the monotony. The point is this: If these two and three hour lectures are going to continue (and we feel sure that they are), theh we would appreciate consideration of the student attitude toward sitting through one of these. He doesn’t mind .the three hour lab, where he may move around, get a drink of water when he chooses, but he does get tired of sitting two, two and a half, or three hours without relief. If the instructor can not (and we know it is hard) interject something lighter than the deep, theoretical formulas arid phenomena he pours out at lightning speed, then w^e would appreciate the normal ten minute relief pe-* riod as is the custom between regular classes. Students, even engineering students, are only human.—-d.e.b.
e
qi,
A ^ — J"* ^e<i .u.:» ealqw. Merry - GO-ROUKD By DREW PEARSON Army Opposes Troops Seizing Coal Mines; Helicopter Tested For Use Iti Anti-Submarine Patrolling WAiSHINGTON—.John L. Lewis would have Kot the surprise of his life if he could have had a dictaphone recording- of the conver.sation' of Secretary of War .Stimson and Gen. B. B. Soniei-vell I'egarding the usC' of troop,s in taking over the coal mines. Lewis had expressed public apprehension that the Army had a plan to seize the coal mines in case of a strike. Undoubtedly .subordinate Army officers, did have such a plan. .But when .Secretary Stimson sat down -with .Secretary Ickes, plus Gen. .Somervell anld other Army offi-j cors, the Army expressed vigorous opinions to the] contrary. Gen Somei vell, accused by .sonie of want-J ihg the Army to take over all civilian activities, madef this remark: “The last thing vye want is an iss'iie of the ArrayJ against the people.” Secretary Stimson also expressed lelief that Sec retary Ickes, known as a .staunch defender of civi' liberty, had been selected by the President to handh j the coal crisis. He offered Ickes every cooperatior.l
Well Informed American Public? When .the war "has iihklly bebii ended/hhucators will be faced with the tasks of Straightening out the sad predicament U. S. high schools have fhlleh into during the last two decades. Reasbli: Sevefril ybafS htb hi&h schools began to switch from the teaching of the usual academic courses to eoiirs'es of a more techhical nature, the idea got around, and now many high schbbls are devoting most of their curriculum to techhical courses. Not a few people are alarmed over the fact that although high schools are tur^ning out competent typists, automobile repaif men, accountants, electricians, and radio operators, the graduates are essentially unbdUcat'ed—a paradox of students being graduated from educational institutions without having become educated. The discovery of a New York Thhbs reporter ihtent oh learning what average American citizens think about the problems that will be involved in a post war world shows that average American citiizenS aren’t thinking. The men interviewed were in Army camps and although they were concerned with fighting, most of the soldiefh hadn’t bothered to learn the reason they were fighting or the events leading up to the beginning of war. If this attitude is prevalent over the country, and there is no reason to believe that it isn’t, there is every indication to believe that even if the war is won^ the peace will be lost because the country won’t knowhow to handle the resulting problems. We can’t help but believe that the cause can be traced right back to high school where, a short time ago, the men were studying “bread and butter” courses instead of’’educational” courses. “Bread and butter” courses are important/ too; we’ve got to have them—but they should follow rather than replace the regular high school curriculum. Even technical colleges are placing more emphasis on liberal arts study in their courses, but in high schools the trend seems to be in the opposite direction. High school courses should be of the nontechnical type: both ancient and modern, foreign and U. S. historyfour years of well planned English courses ; intensive and thorough courses in government; economic courses; and other courses that will educate citizens so that they can lead intelligent lives and will have the capacity to select political leaders that can plan an unwarring world. In order to understand the present and intelligently plan the future, the past must be studied; and yet a national survey by the Times has shown that only 82 per cent of the schools in the United States require that U. S. history be taught. In the same survey questions about the country’s history were asked and after the papers were returned and checked it was found that the students’ knowledge of their country’s birth and the ensuing events to the present is just so much swirling confusion in their heads. It’s going to be a large order for the educators to convince school boards that education first and technical skill later is what America’s students must have, but if they don’t fill the order the term “well informed American public” is going to become something of a joke.—r.w.b.
but expressed the hope that he would not have to. use troops. During- the period that followed—and up to this writing-—there was only one brief moment when use of troops was even suggested. An excited representative of the Bituminous Coal Commission in Pennsylvania phoned that miners and their families were walking over coal mine property. . „ Ickes told him to keep his shirt on and that was that. ' Submarine Antidofe A history making event took place last week in the long war against the submarine. Official tests were made of the helicopter, which, despite opposition of the Navy, has been urged by officials of the Army and War Shipping Administration for anti-submarine patrol, Within a . few hours after the publication of a MERRY-GO-ROUND story on this subject, a group of officials from Washington, including highly interested and highly placed officials of the British Admiralty, British Shipping Mission, and the RAF, stood in amazement on the deck of a tanker offshore while a little airplane with a crazy rotary wing on top landed and took off from a deck space not. more than twice the size of the plane itself. It was a Sikorsky llelicopter, piloted by a boyish colonel who reminded everybody of Charles Lindbergh in his younger days—H. F. Gregory, from Wright Tield,'Dayton, Ohio, who knows more about helicopters than anybody else in the Air Force. Gregory made 24 landings on the tanker during the two day.s ol trials. He 0]3erated under all conceivable conditions—when the tanker was riding at anchor, ■when she was running at 1514 knots, when she was t headed into the wind, and,when she was running with |the wind. The War Shipping Administration, which supplied jthe tanker, had offered to i-emove the mast, to provide safer landing space. But inventor Sikorsky scorned j .hat as “too easy.” Accordingly, his plane was set town by Col. Gregoi-y in the space between the mast ind the deck house, with only a 14 foot clearance on ither side. ^Copyright, 194.15, liy United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
I5RIN AND BliR-R
Lickty
The Ratio J
h ,■
“You can water ^our garden when you’re off duty-—let’s get
this fire under control now.”
University Calendar Saturday, May 15 10;.00 A.M.* Ind. Coun. of Teach. Union Conf....;E. Faculty Lge;, Union 8:30 P.M. Kappa Delta Rho Radio Dance. Chapter House
iGohfekES END ; ALL kcORCHES! Yektel’dhy 'jii the gloaming ^ ■fi'btliosoriie Kapiia gi-abbeS up by the scuff of the neck and related this touching little ail’egory: tb seeins that she was accosted, but literally, ^ by an irate DUin her.English class who accused her of the' authorship of this column because of the obvious partiality exhibited unashamedly” therein. YEE GODS! All that sarcasm gone to Wastp! Of course it would be something (new and diffeernt for the Kappas not to find pitchforks in their spinal columns every time the Ratio, appeared; and so “this humble reported thought that ju.st tb be subtle . . . Ah, well, that’s life! Every one knows they are a hunch of stinkers.. (How’s
-that ?) .
On the ot^er hand, the Alpha Chis have been rather busy as little swoose birds of late what with all the romantical goin’s ons. Tis rumored that before another month of Sundays i-olls by Jeanette tienss will have tied the nuptial knot with Theta.. Chi.. “Baldy” ..Swede Olsen. Lotsa luck, fellas! . .. And -talking about Sunday and Theta Chis and Alpha Chis, Bob Klein of the former, and Beth Partenheimer of the latter, were wonderfully married last Sunday. . . . But we’re still not out of the Passion Pit; Marion
3jdijMu to the ^dihfL
Editor’s note: This poem was written by Johnny 'Vetter, eleven year old Debris worker. Johnny is in the sixth grade of Highland School. Russian Weather When the water freezes to ice, The Germans do not think it nice. When the temperature falls below
zero,
No German ever is a hero. When the ground and everything else freezes, Every German nioans and wheezes. That is'the Russian v/inter When the snow begins to thaw, Every Russian says: “llaw Haw.” Because the, Germans are all bogged down, In squishy, slimy, Russian ground. Ho\y much the Germans hate melting snow.
ARC
SUNDAY - MONDAY
STARTS TON8TE 11:15 P. M. With all my heart! Say i'd do it again! . . . Who is there to point a finger at me? Every woman wil! know that such a love comes but once! ... REMEMBER THE DAY — with -—. CLAUD'ETTE COLBERT JOHN PAYNE TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE JACK BENNY — in —- CHARLEY'S AUNT. —- PLUS—SCOTLAND YARD — with •— NANCY KELLY
LUViA
— and ■
THOMAS MITCHELL»CLAUDE RAINS JEROME COWAN • HELENE REYNOLDS — ALSO — COLOR CARTOON — LAST TIMES TODAY — Twilight on the trail BEHIND THE EIGHT BALL VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN No. 10 LATEST PATHE NEWS
Starting Tomorrow
SECOND HIT
SIMQNE SIMON DENNIS O'KEEFE
LEWIS MICKEY STONE ROOMEY ANN RUTHERFORD • SARA HAOEN ,and introducing ESTHER WILLIAMS IN TAHITI HONEY
LAST TIMES TODAY
TOM TYLER JIMMY DODD — in — VALLEY OF HUNTED MEN
STUART ERWIN EVELYN VENABLE '— in — HE HIRED THE BOSS
I
.... ■ Sieb, who for a d^h lon'g||ime has been harboring a kal'h-klP in secret, is nbtY in front of God ancieVevylibcly/Modesty, hang! PUT UP: THE FLAG, YOUSE GUYS'! I ’ TOWN BANTER , Been seeing lots and lots pfj.ducky llttie' twosomes that piighth dp something about it.' For e'xaniple, Chi 0 cutie, Betty Murphy, and Phi Gam Bill Pumam A right Smart combination. And then there’s Kappa Bev Brand and Phi Psi Fred Lloyd who ipanage to have several barrels of fun together. . . . But wait a minute! They did. do soinething about it! Flashes are coming; in to the effect that even no-w: the Brand babe is sporting the Floyd boy’s pin! It’s the general opinion, isn’t it, that nothing is supposed, to be going on around here?
DEDICATED TO AL ANDteRSON Song of the Fallen Play Boy: It’s better to love^em and leave ’em; Than just stick around and deceive ’em, ^ . But women are queer, Aii^l I’ll tell you right here. Either method is certain to p'ebve ’em. (See ratio, page 4) ,
Is one thing the Americans will
never know.
That is the Russian spring.
John Vetter
Ensign J. McDonald . . ..Wasp survivor, made a caution during his speech Friday which was mis'-roported by Tuesday Exponent. Men floating , in the open sea should swim against the the wind, so debris will wash away from them, and not swim with the wind,so as to lessen chance of fatigue as was reported.
MARS
Ip., crowded with laughs as Washington in with the ■«b)A to win!
ARTHUR:lVlTREA;jC0BURM GEORGE STEVENS' ® MoreiTli® M®®"*
STARTING TOMORROW UlRIVieTR
LAST TIMES TODAY: TENHESSEE % JOHNSON "r
Cl-f"
t'
Boilermaker Sptirts
./ i‘ ^ i
^ i. li
IlLLli^lti} TEAM
•• .f . '
pUces in {’' <■ i ^ ^ i ' * NATIONAL MEET
NitTERS bisPLACEO m, , , V CONFERENCE MEET
4 *‘
.;.',:. ,;a
ehirtg
Baseball till
Western Conference Athletic Directors Neel To formulate Fall Gridiron Plans
Giiy “Bed” Mackey, director of athletics at the Boilermaker
institution, and Elmer Burnham, head football coach, have gone to Evknston for the week end to attend a meeting^of the athletic directors of the Western Conference schools. In addition, athletic directors from the leading military posts in the conference as well as from sev- — eral non-conference schools pendent upon the incoming freshare present. man for playing talent, it is unlike-
The extent and nature of teams can fairly be
collegiate-service football com- against s^juads fhat may „ .... . TIT-1 n TT7 i tiave considerable post-graduate
petition in the Middle West j^gjp fi.om service trainees, pext fall is expected to be outlined Iowa Without Stalf
fairly completely. Confronting the meetirig are three major problems; Schedules, summer piactice, and eligibility for freshmen who will not yet have attended class when the season opens next September.
Schedule Problems
The question of schedules inclucjes several factors. Since their meeting last March, the directors have been working individually to learrange their grid charts so as to supply more competition for service teams. Nearly all of the schools have completed tentative cards, featuring more games at the service training centers, but a few arrangements re-
main to be worked out.
Before the schedules are definitely adopted there may be some move in the direction of insuring reasonably balanced competition. With some of the schools completely de-
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
In that connection, the University of Iowa’s situation is particularly pressing. The entire Hawkeye coaching staff is in service, and no successors have been named. Service calls have viitually erased all proven football personnel from the Iowa campus and there is no prospect of help from the Navy trainees. The football coaches of the conference schools were slated to sit in on yesterday’s meeting and their purpose was to urge the removal of the piesent restrictions on football practice in the summer. Since most of the squads next fall will be made up of men who missed spring practice by reason of not being in school, it is probable that practice will be permitted to start well m advance of the usual date which is three weeks before the opening
game.
On the matter of freshman eligibility for September and early October games at schools wheio classes will not begin until late October under the new academic programs, some action will be necessary to allow these boys to compete.
To Make Your Guest’s Visit to Purdue Pleasing, Reserve a Room at the UNION CLUB Convenient to Transportation and Every Room is Equipped with a Bath and * Telephone JhSL fiuhduSL TlfUmifiicdL lAmmc The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
iX
The
SpokiA, (VjewjL
By Joe Dawson
Diamond Season Continues After about 10 o’clock tonight, only one major Boilermaker athletic team—Dutch Fchring’s diamondmen—^will continue to function as a unit and to engage in any kind of competition whatsoever. . . . Within another three weeks, they, too, will be through for the year (or should we say for the duration?) Whether we like it or not the scant few of us wlro are foitunate enough to be able to stay around for a while will face a real lull here at Purdue as fai as athletic contests are concerned. t Racquet-men Try Hard The gallant but teiribly inexperienced tennis team finished their brief season up at the Conference meet Thursday. . . . Due to weather, graduations, the diaft and what have you, the lacquetmen were able to play only one meet prior to this Big Ten tourney, so it would have been nothing short of a miracle if they had placed any higher than they did Thursday. Incidentally, they were beaten by DePauw in that only meet. Trackmen End Season Five men will represent Purdue today in the Conference track meet at Dyche Stadium up at Northwestern. ... At the same time they will be winding up the Riveter cinder campaign. Under ordinaiy ciicumstances Phillips could be sending a first class team to the finals this year. . . . But that is only wishful thinking. If you haven’t already been informed, the Boilermaker track mehtor has lost exactly 104 men since the first indoor practice way back in September. .. . You just can’t beat that kind of stuff. Fove Runners Should Score Of the five men who are in Evanston today, no one could be classified as the best in the Confeience. Howevei, we will be mighty suiprised if they don’t rack in a few points for Phillips. Ben Harvey, the sophomore splinter who took a second and a third in the four-way meet last week, should do all light for himself today. Hlad beat him last week, but that IS sure no disgrace. MeVey,Contender In Hurdles Don MeVey, the tall timbei topper fiom Howe Militaiy Academy, may siupiise eveiyonc today and place well up in either the high or low hurdles. Don has been improving with each meet. . . . Last week he leached his height by placing second to the brilliant Hlad in both the highs and lows. Hlad is a unanimous choice to take both events today, so long Don may be right behind him today.
smurs
416
MAIN
See
DEWENTER'S
416
MAIN
'^‘What’s the trouble, mister— Indian Underwear?’’ If yoiiTc a victim of underwear that creeps up on 3 oil, get next to some ivell-beliaved Arrow shorts with tlie specially constructed seamless crotch. Th ey’rc full cut from durahlc fabrics. Sanforized labeled for permanent fit (fabric shrinkage less than 19c). Whites and fancy, 75c up. Tops, 60c up. Your Arrow dealer to the rescue!
A R R 0
SHIRTS • TIES • HANKDERCHIEFS • UNDERWEAR • SPORT SHIRTS * BUY WAR BONDS AND STAMPS ★
Net team Eliminated From Conference Tennis Tournament An inexerpienced Boilermaker foursome, which has had the benefit of but a single dual meet, a losing effort against DePauw, was eliminated in the first round of the Big Ten Conference tennis championship at Evanston on Thursday after failing to place a man in the semifinals. At the end of the first day’s play. Northwestern and Ohio State were deadlocked for first place. Trailing the leaders were Wisconsin and Illifiois. Only eight schools were represented in the meet, Indiana and Iowa failing to form a team. Riveters Outclassed The Riveter squad, composed of Ed Wells, Goidon Gifford, Nat Laskin and Warren Easley put up a game struggle, but were outclassed by a more experienced lot of play-
ers.
Wells lost in singles to Roger Lewis, Michigan, 6-3, 8-6, while Gifford bowed to Aris Franklin, Ohio State, 6-4, 6-3. Nat Laskin was eliminated by Chester Barrand, Wisconsin, 6-3, 6-4, and Warren Easley lost to Phil Glotzer, Chicago, 6-0,
6-3.
Wells, Gifford Lose 6-3, 6-2 In the doubles matches. Wells and Gifford lost to Roger Down and Bob |Koodkind, Chicago, 6-3, 6-2. The other doubles contest saw Laskin and Easley lose to Jack Clatfelter and Bob Weaver, Illinois 6-0, 8-6. Coed Billiard Team Takes Third Place In a recent telegraphic intercollegiate girls’ billiard meet, the University team compiled enough points to carry off third place. South Dakota State was first with a grand score of 1421 points,* and Minnesota was second with a score of 1207. A score of 912 put the Riveter girls in third place and Wisconsin was fouith with 896. Completing the first five winners was Texas University with a score of 284. Team Members The Boileimaker team was composed of Mary Deane Check, Bonnie Felder, Patricia Gaylord, Elizabeth Gericke, and Ruth Wilcox. Alternates for the team weie Gayle Beeswlg, Alice Fox, Betty Hutchins, Esther Paul, and Lee Stone. ■ Last year’s contest was won by the girl’s billiard team from the University of Wyoming, and the Boilermaker team came thiough with ninth place with a total score of 393. A comparison of the results of this year’s meet with last year’s meet show that while it took a total of 393 points to finish in ninth place last year, that same total would have been good for fourth place this year.
llliniTolO-
IM Schedules
Softball Monday, May 17—6:45 Diamond— 1 Phi Kappa Sigma vs Army “B” 2 Delta Upsilon vs Delta Tau Delta 3 Sigma Pi vs Pi Kappa Phi 4 Phi Kappa Psi vs Sigma Chi 5 Beta Theta Pi vs Alpha Kappa Lambda 6 Sigma Nu vs Acacia 7 Theta Chi vs Lambda Chi Alpha 8 Phi Gamma Delta vs Kappa Delta Rho 9 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Phi Kappa Tau 10 Theta Xi vs Sigma Alpha Mu 11 Alpha Tau Omega vs Delta Chi 12 Triangle vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 13 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Tau Epsilon Phi 14 Beta Sigma Psi vs Alpha Sigma Phi 15 Phi Delta Theta vs Alpha Chi Rho 16 Kappa Sigma vs Phi Kappa 17 Pi Kappa Alpha vs Phi Sigma Kappa 18 Army “A” vs Army “C”
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY PRIVATE LESSONS IN BALLROOM DANCING BY APPOINTMENT PHONE 2150 P. M. Allen, Nationally Known Instructor ALLEN’S 6lh & Ferry
Ward Softball (Practice) Monday, May 17—6:45 19 Ward 1 vs Ward 13 20 Ward 12 vs Marwood 21 Circle Pines vs Dover 22 Ward 5 vs Ward 9 23 Ward 10 vs Rochdale Tennis Since many of the Fiaternities are not responding to the tennis matches as scheduled by the Intramural Office, it will be necessary to put a dead line on the first round of singles and doubles matches. These matches have already been scheduled twice and will not be re-sched-uled after the week-end. Therefojee it IS up to each House to contact their opponent and play their matches ovei the week-end. Anyone failing to play and not notifying the Intramural Office of their intention to play at a later time will be declared as a forfeit. Contact your opponent and determine your time for play. Turn your scores into the Inti amural Office. Singles: Pi Kappa Phi vs Delta Upsilon Lambda Chi Alpha vs Tau Epsilon Phi Phi Gamma Delta vs Kappa Sig-
ma
Alpha Chi Rho vs Beta Theta Pi Phi Kappa Tau vs Phi Delta Theta Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Alpha Sig^ ma Phi Phi Kappa Sigma vs Pi Kappa Alpha Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Alpha Tau Omega Sigma Alpha Mu vs Theta Chi Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Triangle Doubles: Lambda Chi Alpha vs Kappa Sigma Phi Delta Theta vs Tau Kappa Epsilon Phi Kappa Psi vs Alpha Sigma
Phi
(See IM SCHEDULES, page 4)
Can Supply You with arrow shirts
WEST LAFAYETTE
Dutch Fehring’s Boilermaker baseball squad opened d beliied Big Ten season yesterday at Champaign by losing to the Illini 10-0 in the first of a two game series. Ed Misselhom started for the •Boilermakers and was relidved by Jack Kennedy in the seventh. Misselhom gave up nine hits and walked two. He struck out three batters in the sixth. Kennedy walked one man. Phillip For The Illini Andy Phillip went the full lingth for the Illini, giving up only three hits. One was by Jack Irmscher in the second; Walt Heese eonnected in the sixth; and Kennedy sirtglfed in the ninth. Phillip walked three batters and struck out six. In the ninth inning the Riveters had the bases full with none Out on Kennedy’s single and walks to Duffy Friend and Jim Jennings. The next three batters were retired in order. Rykovich, Illinois’ left fielder, had a home run and two singles. The line score follows: , H R E Purdue 000 000 000 0 3 2 Illinois 113 001 31x 10 14 0 Misselhom, Kennedy (7), and Hesse; Phillip and Eilbrach. Five Riveters Ehtit Big Ten Track Meet Participating in the 43rd ahifticil Big Ten Conference track and field meet at Dyche Stadium in Chicago this week end are five rejpresgntatives of the Boilermaker institution. The men making the trip .with Riveter track coaches Herman Phillips and Homer Allen are Bill YdpDemon, quartermiler; Ben tlatVJr, dash man; Spirodon S^cid, sliot putter and discus thrower; Ken Blodgett, pole vaulter; and Donald MeVey, hurdler. These five men are the princijlal remnants of a one hundred and twenty-thiee man squad at the first part of fall season. The armed Services have taken the heaviest toll fiom the Riveter squad. Illinois, Michigan Favorites Favored to take top honors in the meet is either Illinois or Michigan. In the last forty-two conference meets, either the Illini or the Wolverines have managed to knock down an even thirty of the championship titles, Michigan takingftop honors with 18 championships to her credit. Illinois has 12. Thirteen individual events .and the mile relay make up the roster of events that will be offered at this classic. There is no particular danger of any of the standing records to be broken, but this fact is offset by the keen Competition that will present itself. A typiCal example of the type of competitibn in the meet is one event, the 880. It may be the deciding factor df the entire meet. There are nine m4n entered in this race any one of whom is veiy capable of taking the hoii01 s; there is no favorite. ' Ufer Of Michigan In 440 A few of the favorites for the individual events include Bob fB^ogdell of Wisconsin, defending high jump champ from last year who took the event with with a leap of 6 feet, 4 inches; Bill Beille, a freshman from Illinois who is one oT the numerous favorites in the half .mile, has run the event in 1:55.5; ■'and Bob Ufer of Michigan,'nationally acclaimed quarter miler from the University of Michigan. Ufer' at present holds the National indoor 440 lecord of 48.1. The last meet in which the Boilermakers participated was the four way track meet at Evanston With Chicago, Indiana, and Northvvestern. In this event Don MeVey topk a second m both hurdle event^^ eoniing in behind “Whity” Hlad, national champ both times; H^irvy garnet ed a second in the 220, and k third in the 100 yard dash; Blodl^eti took a second in the pole vault With a vault of 11 feet, 3 inche^; ^cl Van Demon took a second in the 440.iT']'''
li V 3 f*
Purdue Exponent
Saturdayf May IS, 194^ ^
l^ictory Bell Boasts Of Colorful r ^ Swimming Contests History In Its Seventh-Year Life i„ Neil two weeks
Notices
Ex Cary Club Men* Who have lived m Cary Hall for four or more semestcya and arc not organized may make application for Associate Membership in Cary Club to Jim Bowen Boom 430 CKS *—30WEN
Al; each Big Ten football victoiv, the' 0ld Victory Bell is biought forth fiom its resting place just OUteide the Stadium It is hauled th^hugh the^stieets and its familiai rjhlf pioclaims another victoiy foi thfe Boileiipakeis Tile famed Bell has an inteiest infe and woi thy past A concrete slab diiectlv opposite Old? Phaimacy Building designates thd'spot where the oiiginal Univeisity heating plant stood It was dijdcied in 1869, an old wooden ^tphCtuie Foul yeais later, in 1873, a-jbell, the tiaditional Victoiv Bell, w4f placed in the heating plant ^tflfry The motive was simple foi tljfc IJniveisitv officials wanted to l^ei-rid of the bats which had inhab ite'4 the place Of Vital Interest To Vll ■fhe bell, howevei pioved to be ah timportant factoi in the lives of the students and the facultj It’s early moining peals at 6 30 awoke thjp students its houily leveibeia tiOhS throughout the school day sent them cheeifullv to classes, its htigeltis at 7 p in began quiet hours, and its final clang at 10 p m was the warning to extinguish the lights In 1903 the State Legislatuie ap propiiated money foi a new cential heating plant which pioved to be a turning point in the histoiy of the bell In 1904 the old heating plant was destioyed The plant was dismant led, it’s boileis weie sold and the building was lemoved The old bell ceased to send foith its daily calls but instead became for a while an inanimate object of inteiest m the locomotive museum Its passing was maiked with le giet by many of the students foi sentimental leasons Belt Takes On New Role But those who had leai ned to love the deal tones of the bell found a new "use foi it It was on the night of the Puidue victoiy ovei Indiana ih 1904 that the spiiit of the stu dents became so high pitched that th^ located the bell on a wagon and followed it on a iiotous jouinev through the citj Ih'l905 a committee was placed m charge of designing laising of funds, and constiucting the cai iiage upon which the Bell is at pie Sent mounted Befoie then labois wfeie finished the Bell had alieady become symbolic of victoiy and many weie the occasions in those days foi it’s tone to bieathe foith m celebration of success to the Gold and Black in athletic contests In 1916 the Senioi Class and the Student Union finally managed to effect the erection of a bell house nehi Stuait Field foi it’s peiman ent safe-keeping
Personnel Notes
Companies scheduled to visit the campus Dravo Corporation, Pittsbiiig Pa —May 17 Intel ested in August M E„ E E , C E
9rL JhsL Holler Skates QhWudmA. Confuse Eds
Baptist Church Program Piogiam foi West Lafayette Baptist Chuich will be as follows on Sunday 9 30 a m —Roger Williams Foundation class hour Teachei, C E Dammon, Diiectoi of Admis sions 10 o5 a m—Morning chuich w01 ship The sermon will be in honoi of Baptist Education Day Music will be furnished by the chon diiected bj Ivah Gnuven Puce Oi gainst Mary Louise Reppeit 6 30 p ni —R W F fellowship hour and supper 6 30 p m —R W F foi um hour Mis E V Gieenfield will show pic tuies and give a talk on “Beimuda, the Beautiful ” The chuich is located on the coinei of Chauncev and Columbia, with Rev J B Gleason iinnistei and student pastoi All seivice men aie coidially ir vited to attend the sei vices
Lutheran Nens Theie will be a devotional houi foi the Lutheian students of LSAA Sunday May 16 in room 307 of the Union at 7 30 p m Leadei foi the week will be Mai's Fiances Doty whose topic foi dis cussion IS Japanese and Moham medan Religions ’ Not only membeis but then guests aie also invited to attend the discussion
Uniieisity Piesbyterian Chuich North Street neai Grant John W Fiiidlej, Minister 9 30—Student Class dnected by Di G H Giaves The class is dis cussing the subject of Ideals 10 30—Moimng Worship Sei mon theme ‘ The liagedi of Inac tion ’ r 6 00—Sunday Evening Club Sup pel Following the suppei theie will be a discussion The subject will be Should the Christian Chuich in Ameiica Send Missionaries to 0th ei Lands’^”
These companies do not plan to visit the campus howevei, they aie interested in students ^oi employ ment Battelle Memorial Institute Co lumbus, Ohio—Intel ested in Ch E Met E Sign by Satuiday May 15 Stinson \ircrdlt Wayne Miehi gan—InteieSted in Enginecis Sign by Satuida'v Mak 15 Sharpies Cheniital Int Wyan dotte Michigan—I nt c i ested in M E Sign b\ Satuidaj i\Ia\ 15 Rejnolds Metal ( ompani Louis ville Kentuckj—Intel ested in Met E, EE MF Sign by batulda^, May 15 Placemenf Notes For Women Unl Seouts announce a $500 oi llQOO sehoJaiship to a Monian intei ested in Vvoilin,, on hei mastei s degiee and who does hei field woik in the Gill Scout office An-kone in tel ested should call Placement Sei vice loi Women 2955 at ome foi fuithei inloimatioii and details Lt Anne Hatfield WAAC fiom the Indianapolis leeiuiting office will be at the Univeisitv 3uebda\ May 18 in the west faculty I ounge of the Union at 4 ji ni to speak to gills inteiested in leaining nioie about the W \A( S Dean A. A. Potter on May 21 will addiess the mpnthly meeting of the Annueui Society of Mechanical hngineeis in Indianapolis Hih subject will Ik “Ameiitan Patent System and the Engineii ” ^
Something new ha!s been added to the campus tianspoitation sys terns Yesterday morning a few confused students who weie as usual, loafing on the front steps of the chem engineering building took a quick le check on the numbei of shots pouied down the night befoie as they sighted some coed covering ground a little inoie rapidly then should be As the boys continued to stare the sprightly coeds coasted up to the buck and cement ventilator in front of the EE club sat down and lemoved Rollei skates from then feet threw the wheeled shoes over then shoulder and calmlv proceeded to class The overworked eds across the Hall also proceeded to class al so shaking then heads sadly Later investigation brought to light the fact thlit two RCA ca dettes Ann Mullei and Maiy Far ley thought that it was too far to walk from South Hall to the EE building and decided to improve the situation by the use of roller skates —other means ot speedy and easy transportation being curtailed by the rubber Shortage
5 15—Sunday Evening roiuiii will leave for a hike to Happy Hoi low from 131 S Giant Street Hie Program includes recreation fel lowship campfire supper discus Sion under the leadership oi Dr Giaves of the Math Dept and woi ship in the Temple of the Out oi doors ” All are welcome but in case of rain the program will begin at 5 15 with the iellowship suppei at 131 S Grant
Sunday ben ices Of The Wcsiej Foundation (Coiner of State and Sheets Street) 9 30 A M —Rev E R Balslev wlill conduct the Student Church School and will talk on ‘ Christian ity and the Labor Movement ‘ Re ligious Living With Others” will be tuight bv Dr CL Porter 10 45 A M—Morning Worship \ill be held at the First Methodist Chuich Di 0 S Steele will preach on The Method of Jesus ” 5 15 P M—University of Chris tian Living will hold a Fellowship Suppei—20 cents per person 6 lo P M—University oi Chi is tian Living will present Dr E I But/ and Dr Cianonv who will lead discussion gi Clips in Leonomic B ms oi a Just Pe lee 7 15 P M—Lvenin^ Worship will be held
Ratio
(Continued from page 2) UNA TESTAMENT! (Wat’s dat me in Moiph’) What IS that olde pi over bee about patience being its own something or other and as ye sew so shall je ’’ Well it works' It works' At least something did lor Mitzi Konicek who after many many months of hard giueling labor—-has finally succeeded m teaiin^ from its well conceived mooim,„s the Kappa Sig pm of Bill Kenned} Nice work' Nice work' You both could have done a lot worse
SHADES or 12' Comes now another one' Jim Flaherty, of Phi Kippa Psi just recently made a rm,^ei on the aj) pi opr late finger ot Tii Delt Bonnie Gutchess left hand For tint smgu'ai triumph congratulations aie m order Got’em’ Got cm'
And so farewell Fellow Fii/zles Be t,ood to your Uncles and well be back in time for mother RAZZ SESSION
Within the next ten days, two important WAA activities will take place On Friday, May 21, an amateur swimming meet will be held at 4 p m in the Women’s Gym Comedy and regulation swimming races will be featured No official practices are required, so all coeds are encouraged to sign up in the Gym at once The second event will be the women’s singles tennis tournament on Monday May 24 Three practices of one set each are required if WAA points are desired, otherwise parti cipants need not practice officially Practice blanks may be secured at the Gym office, and these should be returned to Pat Carroll immediately The ‘ mixed doubles” tournament will begin Satuiday June 26 The touiney for girls in the tennis class es will begin July 19 Announce ments of both of these events will be found in a later edition of the Exponent New Intra-Session To Begin Classes Early In June Pi of C E Dammon, director of ulmissions has advised Indiana high school admmistiatois of the special Ultra session which will be gm June 5 and will close with the legulii term now in session on An gust 17 The Ultra session has been plinned by the University to give those giaduating from high school this month or early in June a chance to get some college woix be fore going into militaiy service The first term’s schedule of courses is adjusted for the ultra session to poimit full credit in the principal subjects and the complet ion of lertiaining work in succeed iiig terms ' Dammon pointed out that bv June 5 all youths who have applied for the A 12 or V 12 training should know whether they have been selected and if not the rntra session affords those boys a chance to proceed with other plans with out delay In urging registration oi women students Dammon said It must be emphasized again that giils are obligated to secure piofessionil tiaimn„ m the shortest possible tune to relieve the serious situa t on in almost every pi ofession
Grandmother liad her bathing siiits^ hut just look at the appeal at Decker’s. Swimmipg
-Swk fiklnnli' . A'mVI
y jutil lUUJtV ai me o. KJ Ji suitsliy Jantzen in red, blue, aqua, black, pnd purple for the gals. Bye the bye —■ girl’s, there ( are velvet lastcx, too. 4nd, fellows, they have
lots of suits for you, too.
Secretaries of Honorarics and Organizations Please bring your copy for your paKe
“ITie Spring rain doth drizzle, the barometer doth fall...” office at o'nce*’^ '“"-^RENTSCH Here, here, none of that. Summer is just around the corner. At Registration Students who Icast, wc’re lookiug for it, aiul from the looks of the Lafayette worked for the Registrar during the Summer fli^v \ Term Registiation may obtain their checks oo dit.* mey*
oy calling at the Registrar b Office
—STONE
Kappa Delta Pi Meeting next Tuesday night at 7 30 in room 307 of the Union Dr Hall will speak It will be open to juniors and senioi s in education There will be a short business meetingf during which a new secretary will be elected —JOHNSON Education Students Kappa Delta Pi in vitcs you to attend an open meeting next Tuesday night at 7 30 p m in room 307 of the Union Dr Hall from the Sociology Department will speak on Problems pf Rural Youth It should be of special in terest to anyone who plans to teach -JOHNSON Chemistry 3 4 23 27 Condition exami nations will be offered at 1 p m Saturday May Authorization caids must be ob tamed from me by Friday
—PEARCE
Catalyst Club Actives please place nomi nations foi pledges in Dr Lovell s office Monday May li before noon Elections will be held at 8 p m Wednesday May 19 in the Chemical and Mitallurgical Engineering building A party will be held later
—HASSE
Triton Club Meeting will be held at 7 30 p m Tuesday May 18 —JBROWNE Skull and Crescent Important business has come up Meet in loom 307 of the Union Ihursday May 20 at 30 p m Please ittend —MARWOOD Student Union Committees All members ait lequested to attend the first meeting Monday Mav 1 at 1 U p m Tea dance for 'll! \\orleis will follow the meetings Committees for the next period are as foi
lows
Personnel Maiy JHeulby Katie Gannon vice presidents M Grien C Kargas L Anderson M Lamb M Anderson B I ish er R McCurdy J Sheia J Conde Meet inj., to be held in Union office Publicity John Woollin^, vice president B Lyddon D Hibbot D Cleary R Lmer son C Hennekson J DeCtllo H Jones W Perkins R Clark Meeting m room 102 Recreation Jim Craig Betty C'lntley vice presidents R Hupp J Stringe R S'un uel on B Riggs R Homes J DefftndaU C Thompson J Moss R Brill Meeting m loom 303 leas and Receptions Jean Holtson vice president M Van Buskirk T Dreyei R burling J Fietz M Galbraith L Henning H Hoover J Federm in M Leihrs Meet II g in room 30 War Bette Lu Krudup \ice president V Gamble J Kathman J Leer L Marshall M Mattix D Moffat R Retd C Roberts R Hiase Meeting in room 30o
Reamers Thtie day May 1 at the Union
ill be a meeting Mon I p m m loom 30^ of —BOSWINKLE
Classified Ads i Typewriters Adding macnines all makes sold rente 1 repaired and purchased Mimco graph work done C J B^ershoff bOB Main Lafayette Phone 27 9 Money to Loan On diamonds watches hUns luggage typewriters Alberts Loan Office 40( Columbia I-or Rent’—Single loom frst fl oi i r vaU entranct brtakfa t ivailabl( to women or eo d 1)1 00 21 Svlvi 1 Ph ne 41111 Wanted—W liter tor fi iteinily li us C ill G Gai s ilia I is lor Phi Phor e 1 Wanted Stu lent pin ettl is Ai 11> M m 11 1 Uni I B il h g Bowl n AW y ft moor 01 veil ig hours A\eiage pay 0 cents pel houi
It looks as if we’re to have more lain in the
future. Straight line Pell Mell raincoats in pastel shades featured at Loeb’s are just the thing. They also have the new tackletwill raincoats — the football players use this material in their football
pants!! Di op in and look them ovci.
Picnics and slack suits from the Queen City, go hand in hand. Coeds, we have to sacrifice the cuffs on our slacks for the war effort, hut accessories sucli as shiny hobnails on the blouse pockets compensate for the loss. The suits come in seersucker, denim, butcher linen, cotton, gabeidine, and silk shantung; colois range froht
aqua to bright led.
Coeds, for that special Saturday night date, the Fashion has just the dress. A two-piece rayon ciepe in gieen and white with huge buttons about three inches in diameter would he just right. There are also many two-piete stiipcd seeisuckeis loi S9.98.
Enough of this gal>, my tolumn must go to press.
IM Schedules Unlucky Coed Sees Pat Caylor
(Continued fiom page 3) .. f «i/ i A Tail Epbiion Phi vb Phi Kappa Haru Work Sail Away
Sum a
Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Pi K ipp i Phi Theta Chi vs Alpha Kapp 11 amb da Phi Gamma Delta vs Bet i Sigma Pbi Delta Upsilon vsSigmi Alpha Mu Kappa Delta Rho vb Alpha Tau Omega Sigma Nu vs fhet i \i Pi Kappa Alph i vs Phi Kappa Tail Acacia vs Sigm i ( hi Delta lau Delta vb Sigmi Alph i Epsilon
fia^i comic was the little in cident that occuiied in liont of the Aimoiy ycsteiday noon An unfoi tunatc coed somehow let loose of hei notebook and hunch eds thou sands of pages of notes went sailing thiough the au on i stiff bieezc ‘ Theie goes a yeai of haul woik Clacked a soldiei as fias ciliated students watched the amaz ing sight A few sympathetic stu dents scuiiicd about gcithciing up piles ot papei and handing them to the contused giil When last seen she was headed in the diiection of Intianuu il field aftei a few moic
stia} notes
science 2 and Phjllis Gianis
science 1 aie the newly elected AWS ficshmen lepiescntatives foi the summei teim Elections weic
held Thuisday May 13
It IS the duty of the icpicscnta tivcs of the vaiious classes to be piesent at all the boaid meetings as the acting voice of then class
Irj An 1 xponent Classifietl'
Spring Is Here-
Look Your Best Have Your Spring Wardrobe Dry Cleaned Now!
Phone 4081
DELIVERY FREE
Northwestern at Vine Street
GLAMOROUS STAR
Pill due ( hiisli in I oiiiulation 9 0 A M —Student Classes will be held at which I lot O 1 Hall ot the Sociologj Dept will speak on the subject What Aic He iven ind Hell I il c ' This IS the thud tojiic in the senes dealnu with theologi cal questions eonlionlnu peojile these ila\ s 10 40 A M — At (huieh woi ship Lev Do\le klullen will jiiesent the sei non J he Child In Tom Mid I 1 he communion eiviee dim i\ing the sen ices is open to all w 1 o attend President Elliott who his I een bad on tlie eampu the p ist thiec weeks lelt P1 ida\ to Washii gton to spend seveial dns in connection with his duties as chan man oj the joint m in ])owci committee on selection ol non tedeial colleges and univeisi tie toi tiaining iiiogiams loi the 11 mi (I loi CCS He expects to itluin htie the mi Idle ol the coming week IS he has icsigned his |)ost is ehitl oi th( division ol jiiolessional and leehnieal tiaiiiing ol the Wai Man |)ow< I ( ommission
Btaiitiiiil Jean \ilhui is co slaiicd with Joel Met ita and ( haileb Col bum stalling Suiidai al the I alaytUt Iheatie in ( olumbia’s hilaiious new tonitd} 1 he Moie the Mtiiiei Ihc lomantie comedy which lea Uiics lean as a cute >\ashington sccrctaii, was piodiiccd and diicclcd b\ (.coigc Slei t ns
DEODORANT 1 CREAM n NOW AT 'A PRICE!
IUY Tussy Deodorant Cream now at this amazing sale price' Stops under arm perspiration odor and under arm perspiration 1 to 3 dajs Prevents clothes stains and clothes rot due to under arm perspiration Easy to use so creamy smooth And you 11 love the spicy, clean fragrance Remember you save 50c on every dollar jar you buy'
TOILETRIES Sfreef Floor Front
IT