:B^S
y '■;""
dcjs#
LAFAYETTE/INDIANA^ SATtlR&AIT, APRIL 18, 1086-
Kk
Peace Demonstration
Syracuse Officials Bar American Student Union Syracuse, N. Y^(AGP)—Because *4t is not ,m accord with the plans already made by a recognized organization on the campus,” Syracuse University's administration has barred establishment of a chapter of the American Student Union here. In a brief statement, Vice Chancellor William P. Graham declared that since a campus peace organization has already been set up by the student senates there is no heed for another group. The decision was made afifer Syril Garber, field secretary of the Student Union, declared before a group of students that his organization would support a nation-wide :^‘peace strike-^: oh A^ril 2^
Show Tickets On Sale Today “Louis Pasteur” Ducats Av^able In Union /Ti^ets the Iteamer-Ijuna showihg of /‘The Story nf^^ L^ Pasteur^j starring' P^l <^ at the Luna Theater from tomorrow until Wednesday, imllnsi^^ be obtained at a ddsk in the Uhioh lobby both today ahd tomorrow afterndon. Only tickets sold outside the theater box office will furnish fimds to the Reamer Club for the furthering of minor sports at the .University.’-'':;-Tickets for the show are priced ’at 26 cents for balcony seats and 35 Cents for the lower floor, except for matinee presentations on week days at which all seats are 25 cents. Tickets may also be secured from Reamer actives and pledges.
Students Will Meet Iti \ Fowler HM Plext WeiU nesday By R. W. Strauss President Elliott has approved the use of Eliza ^’owler Hall for a meeting of the students of Purdue next Wednesday at 11 a. m.- in a demonstration for peace. The meeting is sponsored by the American Student Union and is part of a national movement of students emphasizing the preparation for peace. J. D. Pierce, a senior in the school of mechanical engineering will preside at the meeting which is expected to draw at least a thousand students, inclding a delegation from Scabbard and Bladej national military honorary, as well as groups representing the various other peaee: drgabizatKms dh the campus. Stadmit:-;^pe9hers;’"-’'j Karl B. McEa,chron, d pmidr^^m^ the school of electricai engineering and one of the m!ost brM students on the campus, will be the first Speaker on ; the prc^mn, Hd talk on “The Economic Aspects of War”, The social results of war will be discussed by Stan Trefil,,an instructor in the Speech department, a student of political Sci^e, and a world traveler. R. W. Strauss, a senior in the school of mechan ical engineering will talk concerning the possibilities of pampps action upon thd problems of wan and peace as they face us today. '
Expert WiU Study Housing Reseatreh Miss Maud Wilson, home econom ics expert and member of the committee representing the house division of the Anierican Home Economics Association, will spend today in Lafayette in connection with a study in housing research which is being undertaken by the committee. Her principal object is to inspect^the University’s housing project. Some muhths ago. Miss Wilson was lent to the federal government to direct part of the rural rehabilitation program for which she is well known in the state of Oregon. Of her several publications, a book -issued by the United States department of commerce on household storage spaces is noteworthy.
Members Of Home Ec. Dept. Attend Meeting Dean Mary L. Matthews, Professors Amy If. Howo> Hd^th Gaptblo» -and Muriel McFarland and Mis? Laura Hadley-’ are attending the meetifig of the State Home Ecohomics Association in Terre Haute today. Dr. Dbak Camphell, of Peabody College, in-Nashville, a curriculum expert, is the main Speaker. Miss Hadley is president of the local orsahiziatidn.
WPAA, To Confer Here Today Faculty members Of the Arsehal Technical High Schools of Indianapolis, interested in education by radio, will confer today at 1 p. m> in tihe faculty lounge of the Uhion with members of the University fomdty participating in the special Arsdnal /Tech broadcasts; from WbAA, University radio station.
Tan Epsilbn Pbi Tan Epsilon I^ amiouncea^^^^l^^^^ election of fhe fdll^h^^^ G. Aehr kenaz, presidentl L. Gardner, vipe president^ B. iw^^graecretafy a^ S. R. Cohep, treasurer.
Junior arid senior electrical engi' neefing students may submit essay papers for the local A. I. E. E. contest until 4 p. ni. Monday, at the main office in the E. E. Buildmg. Student memhershlp prizes will he awarded at a branch mieetittg/riext Wednesday evening, where varioris authors will read their papers and Dr. E. M- Sabbagh, of the E. E school, will discuss the single phase inotoi’. -■ The paper must be related to electrical engineering, 1,000 words long, typed, and enclosed in a V®' port cover. More detailed rriies may be obtained in the E. E, Building or from R. L. Kessel, officer in charge. It is proposed to make ibis contest an annual affair. Because if was conceived only a Short time ago, very few papers have been turned .in to date.
Prom Committee OK’s Formal Dress; White Coats Permissible Will Bar Nond^ompliants At Door; Group Tries To Please Majority Of Student Body sAc^rding to 0. W. “Lefty” Martin, chairman of the Junior Prom Committee, after a special meeting held, last night to discuss the merits of the spring formal arguments, it was decided that the dance was to follow the example set in other years and be officially designated as “Formal.” It was also
agreed that students would be
permitted to wear the spring formal attire “consisting of white coat and black trousers.” Going further, Martin stated that the committee had agreed that any student who appeared at the dance in any than the approved costume would not be admitted, since the Prom Committee reserves the right to refuse admission to the dance. '.Settles Argrimeiit:: iffiis :dee«^ the heels of a longwffided controversy among/c^^kain students re^rding the type of dance to hold on the first of Mayi Sihce the wa’^ffikt weather^ wouM necessarily ffiake fcrimffi atfife ‘ffincomf^^ A /The comriiittee ,is trying to fuL fill the wishes of a majority of the student body,’^ stated Martin, “and stall keep the: Junior Prom a. traditionar affair arid the most Outstanding dance of tfie year,” / ,
The Romantic Young Lgdy^^ ■ Is Playshoprs Mother’'s Day Comedy “In the springtiriae a young man’s fancy turns to thoughts of love”, arid Prifdue’s thorights turn to ‘‘The Romantic ’Yoring Lady”. In ko#inf with the cristom pf presenting populrir perfprmarices for Mother’s Day eritertainm:ent> Playshop contributes one of the mos^charmmg of m®4erri comedies. It concerns tfie adventures of a rpmaritic yoring Spa^^ senorita with a papular novelist. H. keriri Garmiphapl hhs prpmisOd to ariririimofi Ibo cftSf play early next werik.; PyodtuOtion crews for khe show, which is to be given in Jefferson Schppl Auditorium on May 8 and 9, are be^rinirig to:; cpnstrrict; a 'suitaWe backgrorind a Sririnish chfiraci^
ENGLISH'-CLUfi-'.HE^S\ PAPERS, miNXS/TEA'iA and Mrs. S. Trefit and Max J). Steer entertairied the Purdue English club in the Unioh Building on Thrirsday; evening. Prof,: J. H, McKee presented a paper on “A toriah Among lAdies’V Mri St^ illustrated ri pappr, PThe 'Scieritific Approach to Human Speech”, with slides, Mrs. McKee and Mrs, Gilbert Williams poured at the t which followed the reception.
60^\^oiee Sp* 0l<af Choir %celabned ByMusic; CrUles: Few musical organizations - have ever enjoyed the ririanimous acclaim of the critics ns has the St. Olaf Choir of Northfield, Minnesota, scheduled to appear in cpricert here Thursday evening, April 23rd, at Fowler Hail, Under the sponsorship of the Musical Organizations
of the Universityv
This choir, composed of sixty carefully selected voiceri from the Student body at St. Qlaf College, has toured the country froin easp to west, winning praise from ^he music critics of leading riewspapers.
Trainer-Gririductor
The choir has, been trained and is conducted by Dr. F. Melius Christiarisen, whose choral ideals were absorbed in the classes directed by Cantor Gustav Schreck at the University of Leipzig. Writirig in the Chicago |Ierald-Examitt^» Mr. Herriian Devries said of the choir: “It is a group of yoring people, all of them letter-perfect, pitchperfect, tone-perfefct, text-perfect in the most difficult classic choral music, singing- absolutely from memory arid without accompani’ment, even without the. openiug assurance of a tuning-fork. Their director. Dr. Christiarisen, gets effects unlike those produced by any other like organization heard in
these parts.” '
. Teachers en Chem. Program Here Hold Annual Banquet; Talks, Election Of Officers Today Lecture demottstrations^^ fe Versity staff m®*riherSi an address by Kenneth C. Conn, of Bloomington, and the annrial rissocirition qriet last nighj; were the higWights Of the second annual meetirig of the Indiana SlAte High School Chemistry Teachers/ Akriociation, in session at the UriiveJ^sil^/./ The banquet opened W^ greetings fmm Pres. FiCi Eiiiotty followed by an Address from Frank Wade, of^hortridge high school in Indianapolis, on “Man-Made Gems”; Dr. Ri Norris Shreve presided as
toastmaster.
Today’s Sessmn , . Followirig a Short business session, the speakers this morning will include Dr. Herman T. Briscoe, of Indiana University; Walter C. Geisler, of Shortridgej and Drs. E. F. Degering and L. A.-Test, of the
University..
This afterrioon the election of officers, for 1936-37, a discussion of the Junior Academy of Science by pea'^ -H. E. Enders, aud a Roundtable discussion on problems of high school teachers, will dose the
confererice.
Co^ed Organisations Sponsor Booths; Admissian One Cent W. A. A.’s Penny Carnival will be held this afternoon in the Women’s Gymnasium from 3:30 , to 7:30 o’clock. Louise Burkle, who is in charge of the affair, has announced the definite plans for the various booths which are - to be sponsored by different organizations on the campus. W. A. A. will conduct a booth at which anyone attending can try his skill at knocking over niggerbabies. As a novely, P. I. A. has planned a system by which anyone can “telegraph” to other participants in the carnival. The Sportswomen, W. A. A. honorary, will sponsor a ping-pong booth. Alpha Chi Omejga will have“Old Heidelberg Iriii”, while Alpha Xi, Delta will be on hand with real ducks in their “Duck Pin Toss”. “Purdue Hall Of Fame” “The Purdue Hall of Fame” will be sponsored by Chi Omega with Kappa Aipha Theta ^'Ving a freak show,/ arid Kappa Kafipa Gamma, a side show. Pi Beta Phi will have a fortune-telling booth. During the carnival, hot dogs, soft drinks, ice cream, cakes, and cookies will be on sale, as well as sandwiches and salad during the Supper hour; Added Attractions:'-;■ ■ Special exhibitions will be giVeri in tap dancing by co-eds enrolled the clogging classes, and trimbling by a groriP Under the leadership of Martha Walker. Bill J ones’ orchestra will play for the dancing Ahieh will continue from '5:30 to 7:30 o’clock. Admission for dancing will be twerity-five cents, but to other, functioris one cent will be charged:
Purdue AuBior^s Boid^
A Purdue author has been honored by having his book selected as one of the fifty finest books of 1936 judged by their typography. This is “The Principles and 'Types of Speech”, by Professor Alan H. Monroe, associate professor of public speaking, on leave of absence this year for study in the University of Chicago. A copy of Professor Monroe’s book, with nine others of the selected fifty owned by the University, is on display in the exhiint case in the Library. Among the nine is an edition of More’s ‘‘Utopia” designed by Dr. Bruce Rogers,. Sc. ’90, and published by* the Limited Editions club.
■i
Wdtfer-Walth?r
Miss, LaVori WMter, sophpmpre in the, schripl of hrime economics and Marshail Gr. Walther, junior in !lhe schc«)l of science and associate editor of the ExppnPrit were parried Thursday affernoon in I’owler, Indiana. Accompariied ;hy Wfisley Lovey junior science student and fraternity brother of Walther, the three young people jorneyed to Fowler and secured a marriage license. The cerffirionjir perfbrnmd ReVi Wifiiam ffieffiari/ a l^esbyt^ ian minister, of that city. Bi'g Party Later Mr. and Mrs. WaWher Imd |ust returned to their room in the EowF er hotel last night when a fieiegatiori of 25 members rif Beta. Theta Pi fraternity knocked on the door and proceeded to have a p^Y in the newlyw®d’8 honor. Nffilffier of : the:;paRli^'’'.had / any .’/statedfit; i to. make last night regarding their plans for the future.
GIliR IJeinbers (Jlider As Gift Members of the University Glider club will make a trip to Chicago today to receive as a gift, a Mead primary glider. Last week the club jriurneyed to Culver Military Academy where they received material for two training gliders. One of these, a Detroit Gull, has already been cpristrrictSd and proved successful in a test flight A. L. Wood, president of the club announced that the organizatiori has been invited to attend a Glider Pilots- dance at the University of Toledo, May 25. Plans are nOw being formulated for the annual glider meet to be held at the University airport late in May. The event -will afford ej^llent practice for the National Intercollegiate Glider club meet at Detroit, to which the Uniyersity club has been invited.
FOUNDATION WILL GIVE RARTY/^FpR/STtJbENTS; ■ - ; Westminster Foundation will hold a party and dance for students tonight rit 8 o’clock in the Education Building of the Central PreS/lyefirih rihoRch at 7th and /Colrimhiri StreetsV A sturit and ‘Aimaterir night” program will be.featured togethef with dancing,, ping-pong, cardsi and other games. Ah sfPR dents are myited to attend.
SPEEToHoW Sessioii Todays University Officials will have a prominent part in the program for the second annual meeting of the Indiana-Illinois section of the Society for the Promotion of Engi ’neeririig Education in session today at the LaWson Y. M; G./ A. in Chicago.'- V Lawrence A. Downs, ;/94, is scheduled to deliver one of the three maiu addresses this mei'ning. Professor C. ii. Loyell ,of the chemical engineering department, will be the chairman of the chemieai engineering meeting this afternoon at which Prof. F. D. Martiri and Prof. Justus Rising will present papers. Prof. F. Li Serviss will be chaii’man of the economics for engineers group at which Prof. D. T. Canfield will talk and Prof. R. B. Wiley will present a paper prepared by Prof. J. A. Estey,. >; Prof. W. E. Howland will lead the fluid mechanics ^oUp wh^re Mr. Gi A, Hawkins will show slides on the applications of the subject. Papers will also be pfeserited by Professor R.B. Abbott, Prof. G. A. Ellis, Prof. K. Lark-Horovitz, Profi J. Hi McKee, Dr. C. S. Roys arid H. Cl. Thompson.
/EXPONENT STAFF
/ AB staff siimified their iriteritioii of atJeridmg '.EsPrihefif:/’sl^^^ banquet tomorroys" night, vrill meet in the faculty lounge of the Union Building fit 6:16 ■:o’clock.;./ Iifr, C^orgri Hays, /Purdue 12, farmer effittfi* fif Iffie ponent and now editor of Steel will be the guest speaker at /the:;bmmrietv-: -/■ /
Miss Dilts To Discuss Carpets Aud Clcfmiug / /Miss /Madgfi^ of the hmne e(K)riomics department, will give two lecture defiioristrations at 9 o’oloi^ Monday meRhing in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building. A discussion and demonstration of electtic clfianers will fie featured at her 9 o’clock lecture. In her Conffiridihg talk, entttted/^afipets and Their Care”, at A o’clock, also hi tffie auditoriuin. Miss Bilts fidll discuss details ; Regarding the sttfiidard types of carpets on the market, hew types being developed by (Art pet mhnrifactmers, Iww fo^r^ fiize each type, and tbrnr cemB^ tive price and durabiliiy. To demonstrate her points she will use a collection of carpets. These lectureis are open to the public.
;maXi Plans ten ll^coiism Scheduled As Speaker Prof. O. S.Aamodt, chairman of the, department of agronomy of the University of Wisconsin, tvill be the principal speaker before an open meeting of the Purdue chapter of Signia Xi, horiorary research fraternity, to be held next Wednesday night at 8 o’clock in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall, it was announced last night by vBigfi’ed M. Hauge, secretary. ; "Address:' ' ■ In his address, Prof. Aariiodt will deal with genetic anulysm find sjmthesis in the improvement of plants and animals, bringing out the point that plant breeding began as an art but criuld not progress as a Spierice until the natrife of sex was rihderstood ' and: the science of genetics was laid as a background. Minnesidfi Grad " Pr<ff, Aamo<it, who has/had a vast amoiint; of expmiencri in his chosen field, was graduated frofin this University of 1917, receiving his master’s degree from the same institution in 1922 arid Ms Ph, D, in 1927, Bob Baker To Play For Mixer Tonight Bob Baker will bring his eieveri piece orchestra from Indiana University to play for the regular weekly mixer tonight from 9 ttU 12 in the Memorial Union Bali-* room. /This will be the ORganififition’s first appearance pri the.cfimP” Us, although it Has proved pppulrir at several other riniversities during a recent statewide toiiTr Baker, filthorigh a student, has had considerable musicAl experience with Sousa’s ccmceft orches-' tra and with several weU^ k^ dance bands. Featiued on the program wdl be the glee ffiub, a fiifig* ing trio, and several soloists. 350 Couples Dauce To Music Of Oiariie Agnew Playing with the same brilliance which has characterized his pfist appearances, ChaHie Agnew and his thirteen piece orchestra xatumed to the campus last night to play for the informal Union dance, attended by approximate 350 eo|i!< pies. Recently featured on the Lucky Strike Hour and the Yeast> foamer*s program and now retonBr ing from engagements at Notoe
peered here at Ball, Emrie Ann Lincoln and Lfifi
RUTH BRANDENBURG RETURNS TO DEPAUW
Miss Ruth
iiSiffiii
.’dent here last yearv Returned to ^ i
' \
/J
, . ... ./ . ... ... ..LIPurbue exponent
1935 Member 193^ ftssocided Golle6K3te Pfess Distributor of GoUeSiole Cfeest
CO-EDlfS
Ifmliw •« M««ioBsa CoMejw Pees# Assoeiatioii, Bt* Tots Bditorfal AMo«ta«*» BzdnaiMlr B^fessated by National AifiyertlslnB Service, Ine.
420 MadtsoB Avewne, New Yorb Ci^
Entered as second cIbsb matter at the poet office, Bafaye^, Indiana. tieHv«^ by asail, 08.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2 60 per year; sold by single copy, 8 cents.
Business Pbons 6088
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fltth Street
Get in a contrib before nooB. We’ve a pair of MASS double-
posses and not an eligible contrib. It’s a swell show, so get busy. Be sure and put your name on the con-
tnb and we’ll give you a buzz this Editorial Phona 6087 aftemoon.
Daily Student PraWlcation of Purdue Umlversity
BBinOEIAI. STAFF y. Heuser
"t_ "" -C. H. Campbell
1." „ „ Z Au M." Chasteen, C. St Etodin,
W. T. Hunt, B. H. Slorris, M. G Watther
_.. jJ. £« xi&ys
„ I ZZ- -.r D F. Mull, R. H. Walpole, U D. Wood K A Barnette. J E. Brock, A H Forster.
O. Harper, Jr, R. P. Manion, 0 U Sadler, R C Schenk, 3 l> von Bars Bold and Black Editor _ — _ — — —
■ditor-in-Ohiel Managing Editor — Assoeiato Editors Sports Editor — Associate Sports Editors -
R Abbott
BnelneBs Manager Advertising Manager Advertising Assistants Oircolation Manager
BUSINEB8 STAFF
__ „ „W. A Koch ^ " H. F Antonini L. H Brown, R. Creek, D C Miller
_ R J. Hulse
Editor _ Associate Editors
WOMEN'S 8T^ _ _ _j„ye-e Williams JSelen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann
Saturday, April 18,1936.
Issue Editor—^D, R, Vamce.
Lafayette’s Proposed Project The local project to eliminate the Monon tracks which run through the center of town on Fifth street and to combine that road’s right-of-way through the town with that of the Vabash system has been under consideration for many years, and if the subject is kept before the public, Lafayette will probably lose one of its remaining characteristics of the typical, planless, rambling town. Besides the inconvenience Df long freights holding up traffic, the tracks necessitate an extraordinary number of dangerous crossings. Arrangements between the two roads have already been made and plans for taking care of all industries and shippers along the present roads have been worked out. The completion of the project would be a great improvement for Lafayette.
Exponent windowsills become very gines, too.
'sooty” from Monon en-
New Colonizing System
Ethiopa will do Italy little or no good, even if conquered, declares Dr. Parker T. Moon, professor of international relations in Columbia University. “The Italians are too smart to colonize in the wilds of Ethiopa when they can come here and be mayor of New York. In 10 years there will not be as many colonists in Ethiopia as soldiers who have given their lives to it.” Italy IS now' governed by the most absolute boss it has had since the ancient Roman emperors. Mussolini is master of the Italian people When he tells Italians to go and fight in Ethiopia, they go and fight. And when he tells them to colonize Ethiopia, they will probably . . . colonize Ethiopia.— R. C. S.
She was only a grave-digger’s daughter, but oh, how she could lower the bier . . . “Thar’s gold in them thar student” Said the co-ed Jo her friend. So I smiled at Mm so sweetly And pursued Mm to the end. —Haw. (Ed. note; It’s not very poetic, hut
Red Walther got married and the Beta’s had a party . . . Kirkman, the life of any bra . . , party said “Haven’t had so much fun since I hung the pm on Sara Kay.” Bob Kirkpatrick, Beta wit, couldn’t talk so he wrote us this note: “Cigarette life if you don’t weaken.” Spring has came. The grass has nz. I wonder where The flowers is. ? ? 7 2 Dorothea Justin, freshman Cleopatra, has worn two pins within the past three weeks. It’s a Beta pin this time. What have those boys got’ A PLOEHN VERSE Students wno in The beer halls loiter Are apt to suffer From German goiter. Remember that Parisian show at the MARS and get in the contrib before noon . . .
“All right, giilsl Everybedy i«!” Miss Huetsell’s inviting conUnand souiids like A train conductor’s theme lihe, but her co-ed swimming classes respond delightedly to her call. They jump into the chlprine green waters of the Memorial G3minasium peol, to splash merrily. The co^pd-swirnming classes and their n^h liked instructor. Miss Marion jRussell, are extremely popular this spring in the women’s new sports program. The swimmers are graduated into three divisions—^beginning, intermediate, and advanced. Beginners learn only fundamentals; breathing, staying afloat, kicking, and the elemental crawl stroke are included. Life guard Betty Arnold assists them. Intermediates must be able to do two strokes, back and dead man floats, and endurance swimming. The advanced group goes into learning more strokes, some diving, and speed swimming. Each class has a considerable representation among University co-eds. Tank suits, wool suits of all hues, and rubber bathing suits are worn by the various members of the classes. Bajhmg caps of all shades —^white seems an especial favorite —cover the hair, also variously hued, of the girls. According to regulations, the would be bathing beauties slosh about in sandals of rubber, flber, or straw materials to and from lockers and showers. “Wasn’t it grand’”, “Is my hair wet, though!” and “I almost bellysmacked”, are remarks heard as a class leaves the pool. In the locker room the happy shouts concern the whereabouts of the soap, towels, shoes, combs. As damp hair drys under the warm air machine, the talk turns to discussions of more personal things, such as make-ups, hair waves, or dates. All in all, the girls enjoy it thoroughly, and return each time, anticipating fun. From flrst indications, this spring sport will have a highly successful season. —D. J.
eO-ED PDANS WdUKf POE M. D. DEGREE ; Fft^sbufgh, Pa.*— (Adp) — Kot cojit^ht with the distinction of bjS*tbs only woman "eftgineermg student ih the University ^f Pittsburgh’s School of engibeering, that numbers 601 students. Miss Lois Jhyce plans to take an M, D. degfee and combine medicihe and engineering. “I want to carry the practical training of engineering into medicine,” Miss Joyce says. She feels that because doctors today use many kinds of electrical apparatus, knowledge of electrical engineering will be useful.
"Slippy*
Sfi^IDAt^a MONBAT riS
\p
Sigma Nu Sigma Nu announces the initiation of C. V. Fenwick, Goodland; A. R. Lennox, Cleveland Heights, O.; R. E. Coates, Indianapolis; R. ! Lemen, Bicknell; R. C. Schlegel, Indianapolis.
READERS* OPINION The Exponent welcomes comments oi good taste and reasonable length from its readers Typewritten articles are preferred
White Tie And Tails—Or Khaki? To the Editor: Although the question of top-hat and tails or Palm Beach and soft shirts for the Prom is a pertinent one, in the minds of a considerable number of students, a much more vital question is: “Shall it be khaki or civilian” Moreover, in order to discuss the important problems of war and its consequences, next Wednesday in Eliza Fowler Hall a meeting IS to be held as a demonstration for peace and how to prepare for it. Certainly Purdue studenis can well afford to start thinking about what their attitudes are towards the monstrosities of war as it is to up to us to eliminate from our world that most destructive form of human combat. Undoubtedly we all desire peace and will be present at 11 o’clock next Wednesday to show that Purdue students desire peace and are willing to work for it —^R. W. Strauss.
Closely resembling Purdue’s custom of cords for senior men, Princeton students wear beer suits during the spring lays preceeding graduation. During prohibition, a black arm band was supplied as an accessory. If Publisher Hearst could be believed, they should wear red ones for the Communists that college students are supposed to be.
WITH OTHER EDITORS
Brainfuss Brain lobes under nine mortar boards, now dedicated to the Republican cause, have started to function for the Grand Old Party. Short, stocky O.f G. Saxon of Yale will lead the new “Brain Trust” drafted by Chairman Henry Fletcher of the Republican national committee to fight the New Deal. In choosing the men who will vie against the well-known New Deal college boys in Washington, Chairman Fletcher emphasized that this group was something new—the new “Brain Trust” is a research group—^not a group of college professors with preconceived ideas. “Our purpose,” said Chairman Fletcher, “is to supply the public with full and accurate information, well documented, from which they can draw their own conclusions.” From their lofty howdah on the back of the Republican elephant, the new tribe of ^‘brain-trusters” will probably see the social and economic terrain in an altogether different light from those savants astride the lowly Democratic
ioiilcGy
The plan of attack is simple. All the Republican professors have to do is to take the Democratic rattle apart and see what makes the noise. They may, however, deal a little in seonomic and constitutional theory while doing it. How well this stroke of political strategy will work we can only guess. Bight now a Roosevelt “bram-trust” can well exclaim in prizelight parlance to his new academic opponents, “How can you
see in "wffien I can't see out?”
Margaret Baurke-White Captures- Photographs From Unusual Angles By Esther Turley University co-eds should be es' pecially interested in Margaret Bourke-White, world famous, industrial photographer, because she was a student at this University for a few months in 1923. Photographs by Miss Bourke-White are now on exhibit in the main hall of the home economics Building. To be called a modern adventurer and a dangler; to be the only woman photographer in the courtroom at the Hauptmann trial and then ordered to leave, to have been trained to be a biologist and then turned into a crack photographer, are a few things that have happened to Margaret Bourke-White. One magazine features her in its Hall of Fame and calls her a dangler because she is always dangling her camera over objects from unusual angles, climbing dizzy heights of steel framework, and suspending herself ovei smoke stacks and dams by means of
buckets
Four Universities She is twenty-mne years old, was born in New York and later lived in the middle west She was graduated from Cornell University after having attended Columbia, Purdue, and Michigan Universities. After graduation she became an assistant to an architect and started her career in industrial photography in 1927. She photographs industries not only in the United States, but in Russia as well The biggest object she ever shot was Magneto-Gorsk in Siberia, the world’s largest blast furnace, and the smallest object was a paper clip for the American magazine. Her pet subjects are coal mines, steel mills, and skeletons of sky-scrapers.
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist Eron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
LEARN TO DANCE By Enrolling' in Our Hew Class Wednesday, April 22, 7 00 p m This class will be completed before Pnrdue closes Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
LAWN MOWERS Sharpened and repaired. New and used mowers. Prices on new Ball Bearing Mowers $6 25 and up. Mowers called for and delivered. P. Jos. Mulhanpt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. Popular Prices
The thin&ing fellow ealls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Blach Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 6028 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
"CHAKLIE CHAN AT THE emeUS” and “DON'T GAMBLE WITH LOVE” Starts TOMORROW
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This IS all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
LAST TIMES TODAY
Last Times Today TOM KEENE in ZANE GREY’S “Desert Gold” and ‘The Pride of the Marines’'
ARC Midnight Show Tonite Mmom OF THE Si¥iFI SEAS
* •''THIY F8GHT FOR A mim THiM F8G1HII FOR ?HS6R ilVFSe
Sunday Monday “The Leathernecks Have Landed” and JOAN CRAWFORD in “I Live My Life” Last Times Today JOHN WAYNE ih “Westward Ho” JOE MORRISON in “It’s a Great Life” “Custer’s Last Stand” Attend the Midnight Show Tonight!
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
a
I FEU IN LOVE WITH MY HUSBAND!” Married m a wlU party^ Strangers the next day! ... And then she fell in love with him! But that's only the beginning of Kay Brannan's exciting romance I.. .The picture will keep you fascinated... even more than thefamedBen 4 mes
4 DAYS STARTING TOMORROW[ Jit '^//c S A ^ 1 /
Wabast Game tends
_ I
i ^ • v-
Mangas Fans 9, Gets Homer Sines Ties Count In Eighth; Further Scoring Attempts Fail
By L. D. Wood.
Purdue and Wabash battled to a 5 to 5 draw yesterday afternoon in aften inning g^e played on Intramural Field. The fioilernS^ers were lea ing, 4 tp 2, in the iirst -^alf ; pf seventh with two of - the Gavemeh : retired wheh a long fly by Billingsley to Malaskaj in center fieldj started the fireworks. Misjudging the- ballf Malaska Hxuffed the^^^c^^ alloMhg two Wabash men to sccire. Mangas forded the next man, Alexander;, to hit to him;, hut the score had been tied and the Boilermakers made a futile attempt to get a run.
Count Oh Error
In the first of the eighth Prestin, Wabash first sacker, got the only three bagger of the game and then scored when Lucas pulled Krause out of position at the plate with a bad throw. This run was regained by Purdue in its half of the inning (When Sines scored; Sines singled and then stole second. With twp down and Sines on secpud, Waling got on first by an error on the shortstop' and in the meantime
' Sines had scored;
In the nintn the Caveman made a strong bid for a score when Jones' and Billingsley cpllected safeties off Mangas. However, the lanky Boilermaker smoked them in to Spiedel and Alexander and they were re tired. Prestin popped up a fou
one, two, three, in their period and the game went into the tenth with
the score knotted.""
Heath, Wabash hurler, picked off
of the tenth Heath bore
Earl Ferris, PE ’36, Named
strong against Mangas and Gardner, retiring them^ with three strikes. Sines managed to straighten one out for a single and then stole second. Krause, who had had a miserable' day ' at the plate, got hold of one and sent a sizzling liner between second and third. Sines, who had gone down with the pitch, was hit by the ball, making the third out and tossing away the Lambertmen’s only chance to score. By this time the darkness, together with the bitter wind, necessitated calling the game. Big Third Inning V Mangas feiied in a fine game, both on the mdund and at the bat, poling out a home run in the third with one on. It was in the third that thb Boilermakers garnered four of their five runs. Malaska, first man up, stiurted things by getting a walk an<i then going to second on an error by the shortstop which allowed Bartz to get on first. Lucas got hold of one and! got to first on a fielder’s choice; Malaska advanced to third and Bartz went to second on a succession of errors. Young then got bn by a fielder’s choice and Malaska scored, Bartz going to third as a result of Lucas being forced at second. Bartz then scored on a beautful double steal by himself and Young; Young then scored when Mangas drove his home run out to center field. Heath, Wabash moundsman, struck out twelve Boilermakers while Mangas was getting nine to his credit. The Caveman pitcher issued two walks while three were given by Mangas. In the error column the visitors chalked up a total of eight while Purdue was credited with four. , ;
BOX SCORE
Earl L. Perris, assistant freshman football and basketball coach at Purdue for the past three seasons, has been named athletic director and head football and basketball coach at Crown Point high school starting Jlme 16. He has accumulated coaching experience during his undergraduate days at the University that has seldom been equalled and should stand him in good stead in his new duties. Perris, who will be graduated from the school of physical education this June, has capitalized on unusual opportunities for practical experience in his chosen field of cbabhifig, vand yfill start his Cokbhing career vuth a tfitee br fOur year start ph niost gi^aduateS; ; Native Hoosier A native of Greenfield, Indiana, he was ^aduated from the local high school in 1926 after winning fiihe imajiOT letters, three each in
PURDUE (
Ari, R. H
O. A.
E.
Bartz
.....6 11
1 0
0
Lucas i
5 0 0
1 2
1
Young
.....6 1 1
to 0
1
Mangas
....:6 1 1
0 4
o:
Mitchell ;
.....2 0 0
1 0
0
Gardner
2 0 0
1 0
0
Sines
.....5 1^ 2
0 3
0
Krause
.....5 0 1
12 0
0
Waling ...;
3 0 0
8 0
1
Horan ♦ '.
1 0 0
0 0
0
Malaska
.....2 1 0
1 0
1
Armon *
1 0 0
0 0
0
Totals ...;.
...41 6 6
80 9
4
♦Batted for Waling in eighth.
♦♦Batted for Malaska-
in sixth.
wabAsh
AB. R. H
0. A.
E.
Snyder
.....4 2 0
0 1
3
White
.....6 1 0
1 0
1
Jones ;....
4 1 2
1 0
0
Spledeli
.....B 0 1
4 0
0
Van Duzer
.....8 0 1
7 1
1
Billingsley ♦
2 0 1
7 0
0
Alexander ^....
8 0 0
0 0
0
5 1 1
6 0
1
Gruca —
...;.8 0 0
1 0
1
Cooney *♦
2 0 0
1 0
1
Heath ..............................
6 0 1
1 4
9
Totals ....—
:..41 6 7
29 6
9
♦Batted for Van Duzer in seventh, * *Batted for Gruca in sixth.
Purdue Wabash
....004 000 010 0--6 ....100 010 210 0—5
Two base hit—Van Duzer. Home run-— Mangas. Three base hit—Prestin. Stolen bases—Bartz, Young, Snyder, Sines 2. Strike outs—-Mangas, 9; Heath, 12; Hit by pitcher: by Mangas, White, Alexander 2. Umpires—Willis, Pollard.
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
Down Indiana State Teachers, 6 To 1, On Ldctd Courts Boilermaker racquet - swingers really proved that they knew the score when they took Indiana State Teachers, 6-1, in the matches here yesterday. Though the results sSem to be overwhelmingly in PUrdiie’s favor, most of the matches were tough battles. The high winds made tennis rather difficult, but the handicap was pretty Well divided. A1 Johnson had the reins of a fine tennis squad in hiS hands while Coach LaBree Was in St. Louis. In the first singles encounter, Capt. Nikolich lost a tough match to Bur gett, 2-6, 6-0, 6-2; Ray Ulrey won an almost equally tough match from Spurgeon, 6-2, 2-6, 6-2. Bob Tzucker won the only easy games of the day from Needham, 6-2, 6-0 Maury Wakefield battled his "way to a 7-5, 7-5 victory over Nicliols; while Edmonds took Elder, 6-4,
9-11, 6-2;
The doubles tilts were equally hard. Nikolich and Ulrey defeated Burgett and Spurgeon, 7-6, 6-3, as Wakefield and Horne defeated Needham and Nichols, 8-6, 6-4.
football, basketball and track. In addition, to his competitive honors on some of Greenfield’s greatest teams, in- his senior year in high school, when he had passed the age limit for competition, he acted as line coach in football, coach of the reserve basketball team, and head
track coach.
Following his graduation from high school, Perris was employed for five years by the American Telephone and Telegraph Company in charge of outside plant cpnstruction in the Indianapolis area. During his stay in Indianapolis, ' he coached the Eli Lilly basketball team in the Industrial League, which at that time contained such teams as the Kabtskys, and! in Ifis two, years of coaching won the cliamipiOnshii) one year ahd tied fpr the title the second. ■ ^ :Enters:Hurdue Pursuing his education, Ferris entered :the Uhiverkity in the fall of 1932, and was considered a great athletic prospect until he suffered a recurrence of an old knee injury in freshman football, which ended his competitive career. However, in his sophombre year, due to his unusual athletic ability and krioVriedge of athletic technique, he was ^ven the duties of assistant freshman coach in football and basketball, and has actively pursued his coaching work with Purdue teams with conspicuous success for the past three years. Throughout his coach ing work at PurdUe, he has been closely associated with Noble E Kizer in football and Ward “Piggy” Lambert in basketball. Perris has maintained a high scholastic average of between 85 and 90 throughout his collegiate career, and will graduate with majors in both physical education and
social science.
BASEBALL ' Monday Diamond 1— ^Lambda Chi^Alpha vs. Delta Upsilon. 2— Theta Tau vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 3— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 4— Delta Tau Delta vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 5— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 6— ^Acacia vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 7— Beta Theta Pi vs. Theta Chi. 8— ^Alpha Tau Omega vs. Pi Kap- ' pa Alpha. 9— ^Delta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 10—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Triangle
Sportswomen Initmte Pledges Tomorrow
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Plpwers Main at 7th Phone 6050
ONE WEEK REMAINS FOR ORDERING PROGRAMS
Orders for senior commencement programs may be made at any time this afternoon at the special desk in the Union Building or at either Southworth’s or Deac’sJ Any number may be Ordered but all ord-; ers must be in and paid for by April 26. Three forms of programs are available^a leather bound edition, a white manila folder and a ‘dutch’ folder, selling for, respectively, 26, 16 and 5 cents. All three will be displayed at the places of ordering.
Delta Upsilon
it away for the summer. Moth proof bags furnished without extra. cost if requested. This will prevent moth damage.
Phone 3085
Delta! Uipsilon announces the initiation of T. D. Cabonargi, Highland Park, 111.; C. M. Cpe, West Lafayette; C. R. Deets, Lafayette; D; I. Gibson, East Chicago; E. J. McGrane, Richmond Hill, N. Y.; W. B. Miller, Dayton, O.; K: E, O’Neil, Dayton, O.; A. R, Schleicher, East Grange, N- J-J J- Sines, Lafayette; J. I. Young, Lafayette. Delta Upsilon elected the following officers for the coming year : H. W. Hughes, president; R. W. Dwight, vice president; H. M. Humr phreys, secretary; N. G. Belvry, treasurer.
Chi Omega announces the initialion of the following; Jean Brovm, West Lafayette; Caroline Hesler, CraWfordsville; M!ary P. Markel, Corydon; Beth McGool, Gary; Florence Merriell, Cleveland, 0;; A; Learning, Valparaiso, Kathryn Merritt, West Lafayette; Virginia Laramore, Evansfbn, 111.; Marjorie Rose, Port Wayne; Martha Smith, West Lafayette; and Marian White, Kankakee, HI.
■PATO A. raSK ■ KOBBET G. KISK HABOU J. BISK . .JMJTHBK A- BISK : . » 400 Schtiltz Bids. Phone 6701 Comer 4th and Main
R. C. EISENBACfl Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
SPAREENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
, DEAC: HAS EVERYTHING
COLLEGE EDUCATION
We mahe application piotoraa for I1.2S per dozen. Special price on iota of fiftsr or/niorc.'‘ ■
Eembrandt Studio 106 Vine St. W. I.Afarette
■■ ■'-ifA ' Sattdwich !!: a Erxiilc". " ihen a' ! CHOP STEAK :... .10c at the Triple XXX , ROOT!-BEBR-;■ '■■■ (free maizes)
Pormal mitiation! of: t^ Spoftswomeh pledges will take place tomorrow morning at a breakfast to be held in the W, A. A. cabin. Folloydng ; this, electibh of officers ■will he held,; and a screen for; the fireplacb pf the cabin ;^11 'lije ■;!presentedi. !:'■;:!'!;! Those to be initiated are Emily Tubbs, Mary Humphreys, Regina Kelly, Minadel Venemann, Jeanette Scudder; arid Marjprie' Charlds; ; >
' BOELEEMAKEHNHIB .
..
.WILL MEET HiUNl _ ,
Pnrdue^s dianumd etgamd wHl leave at 9 o’dbek this nttRrning . far Champaign, WimSa, to en-
gage the mini idiie in its see- > *
end Big Ten game of the seatson. The first eonferenee game was played recently with Chi-
cago and Coach Ward‘^Piggy*’ ''
that the same squad that made the trip to the “Windy City" would make up the roster for the game which is to he held at Illinois University at 2:30 this afternoon.
Several students to toke ■ care of corsage orders for the Prom. Call in person Saturday.
GplENHDUSE! 727 S^ 2irid ^
■
: Cal JOHNSON V Phoiie! 4:133 ^
Milk is your besrt food-ri^ it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs; Rich in minerals and rich in food value, tt’s bod3r43»inldiin& and energy buiidihg;
■ ;
Here's a xnans leather, shag^ and tweedy, to ^ smart sport and street caethes ^ 'Shigbucks' --- m Grey, Brown^ Wtdfe Some Styiies and Blue . ; . You'd ekpect to pay trinre for SUgMy Higher these fine shoes. But once you d^cO^ef 'Freemansf you'll never pay more—anymore. WORN WITH PRIDE BY MILLIONS
412 Main
39 in. Figured Washable Silk Crepe - 36 in. Plain Color and Piiiited Crash 39cyd. 36 in. Printed Nub Pon !^ '29eyd.; 38 in. Printed Batiste ■":v\\-19C“29eyd. 39 in. “
54 in. Black; and'l^ite Ikiptfaff 54 in. White Coating 36 in. Plain Ckdor an^
75eyd.
-,1Classified Ads.
Typewriters, Adding Machines— For sale, rent, repaired and bouglit. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main Str Phone 2779. Notice: Beginners .dancing class will open' Wednesday, April 22nd, 7:30 Pi m. Class will be completed befCre Purdue closes^ 6th and:.Ferry. ■
HOTICES Nb nottM* aecwMi sttw t 9. m.
E^lish 1 Students. Eirst Semester—Stu* dents who received t, s for failure in Bpell< ing, grammar, or theme-writing. Should at-; tend one of the special classes in thffie subjebts, before taking the next makerup examination. Attendance at these special classes is voluntary. 'Hie spelUhg class meets each Monday evening at 4 o'clock, in room 313, Recitation Building. The grammar class meets Wednesday at 4 o’clock, in room 313 Recitation Building; The themewriting class vneets Friday frt; 4 o'clock, to room 313, Recitation Building. The class in thmne-writang is the only and final opportunity for students with C’s in theme-writ^ ing to remove this condition, regsrdl^ of who their instructor was last semester. —WYKOFP.
By T, J. Kiho
CENTRAL PRESBYTERIAN Tomorrow morning at 9:30 the student group will hear the first of a series of talks on’ “What Gonsti tutes an Educated Man’’. This will be given by Dr. Dukes, the dean of the graduate school. In the evening at 6:30, Mr. A. P. Fox, a graduate :stiident v^ been in business in China for some years, will speak on “WOstetu Bttoi ness in China”. This will follow the usiial suM>er. This eyenitig, from 8 to 11:30, the students will 'have a “Spring Frolic’^in the Educational Building of the church. A varied program of dancing and games will be pro vided.
W. A. A.—^The following matches must be pl^ed before next Wedn^day: Kaher. vs. Walker, Hague vs. Wiley, M. Jones ys. Venemann, Cason vs. Dim woody, Caldwell vs. Dobspn, Charles vs. Elstun, McLeod vs. Pflughaupt, A. Jones vs. Biemer. If lacktog transportation call Mildred Fitch. —FITCH.
English 1 Stodents, Second Semester^ Students who failed the recent grammar and spelling tests, are urgd to attend the voluntary classes in these subjects, in order to pr^axe for the make-np tests. The spelling class meets Mondays at 4 o’clock, in room 813, Recitation Building. The gr^mar class meets Wtonesdays at 4 o’clock. In room 313, Recitation Building. —wxkoff.
EPISCOPAL The speaker at the meeting of the Young People’s Fellowship is to be Dr. ti. Hadley. Supper at 6 and the program begins at 7 p: m. Good fellowship all the time. At the morning service at 10:45 a portion of the Easter music will be repeated. “Early” Celebration of the Holy Communion is at [6 a. m.
Pro^esson Take Heavy
“Depresidtm” Wage Cuet
Washington, D. C^(ACF)—^The
eicteiit of the severe salary cuts taken by faculty members of the nation’s 51 land-grant colleges during the depression period has been outlined here in a special report issued by pr. Walter J. Greenleaf, of the department of interior’s office
of education. \ ^ Deans employed on a nine-month
basis saw their median salaries decreased from $5,193 in 1928-29, to $4,187 in 1934-35, an average de-
crease of more than $1,000. The survey showed similar de-
pression-period slashes in salaries paid to professors, associate professors^ assistant prMessors,ahdm stouctors. Full-time professors dh a nine-month basis received an aVOr; age salary of $4,278 in 1928-29. By
1934-35 their arinphlincotoe had
creased to $3,776. Thdse on an elCv-en-twelve-ihonth basis had: their salaries cut from $4,161 to $3,682
over the same period of time.
Your hat may need to be cleaned and rednishe^, * We block them like the factory does.
American Student Unicn—-Meeting at the Wesley Foundation Monday at 7. --STRAUSS.
Scabbard and Blade—Meeting of Scabbard and Blade Best Soldier contest committee at the Sigma Chi house at 1. ' —LARSEN. .
" Glider Club--lmportant work session at 1 today. Meet at tow-car garage. Those absent will be fined. —WOOD.
Agriculturalist—Meeting of new editorial staff and departmental ^itors only in Agriculturalist office Tuesday at 4. Important. —PARKISON.
University Choir—Turn in your tickets and money Monday froni 4 to 6 ;30 in Union lobby. —STEWART.
Union—Members of our committees report in the Union office Monday at 4 please. Very important. Bring fountain pens. , —GRIMM, KUEHN. /ANSPACH.
.■. CHRISTIAN, Student class at 9:30. Rev. Jessup will speak as usual at 10:46. Christian Endeavor, with social hour, in the evening. ■ WESLEY FOUNDATION . / (Methodist) Rev. McFadderi will report on a te@mt Miress by Prof, Hoddng^ of Harvard, on: “The Dangers of College Life”, at the Student Sunday school class at 9:30 tomorrow morning. An address on the “Spirit of Methodism” will be the program at Epworth/League in the evening at 6:30. The Wesley Players will initiate Margaret Fantone, Paul Girard, arid Ruth Reeder at 8 tomorrow morning.
Music Group Plans Program For Monday Members of the music study group will hold their second; meeting Monday evening at 8 o’clock in the music room of University Hall. The speaker at this time will be Mrs. Anderson, leader of the Lafayette Methodist church choir, who will explain what constitutes a choir and its functioning. Mrs. Anderson’s topic is a timely one as it will afford a basis for appreciatioB of tie St. OM LutberRH choir which is giving iti^ concert here next Thursday night; All those Who expect to attend the concert are urged to attend the meeting of the music group.
Union—Members of our committees meet in the sub-basement Monday at 4. t —SCHOLER, PUGH, OHAYER, QUIGGLE.
Sportswomen—Initiation breakfast tomorrow at 8 at cabin. Election of officers will be held. —BURKLE.
Miss McQueen-Here For
WEST SIDE BAPTIST . 9:30—-Prof. Otis Trimble will discuss in the Roger Williams club “Psychology of Religion”. 10:36— Morning seiwice. Rev. Gleason’s sermon will be “Keeping the Faith”. 6:30—Social hour, Olive Schatziey in charge. 6:30—Discussion, on “The Use of Prayer,” led by Wilmia Parks. 7:30—Evening service. The subject of the sermon will be “Things That Remain.”
MADE U. S. CITIZEN American citizenship was granted to Prof. Karl Lark-Horovitz, head of the Uaiiyersity physics department, at a hearing on naturalization in circuit court yesterday.
Kappa Alpha Theta Kappa Alpha Theta announces the initiation: of the tollp^
Marianne UummingSj Indiaimpplisj Anne Daugherty^v Itonsselahr; Bar^; bara Dobson, St. Davids, Pa.; Betty Elstun, Hammond; Marion Fearheiiy, Daiiyilie, HI.; Winifred Gregory, Wesit Lafaji^tte; Louise Hanley, Indianapolis; Betty Hiher, West L^ayette;Georgianna Huber; Lizton;, Virg;inia Hulse, Anderson; Margery Poor, Lafayette; and Vir-
ginia Sidwell, West Lafayette.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon announces the formal initiation of the following men: C, S. Annirig, R. R. Atkinson, J. M. Brevqort, R. H, Dean, J. A. Dilts, W. M. Harmon, R. A. Hartman, C. S. Hoffman, T. T. King, D. R. Long, W. G. Martin, J. S. McWilliams, A. H. Noyes, R. P. Ostrander, H. W. Rankin, and G. E. Recktenwall. The organization also announces the pledging of W. Stuhr, Chicago; A. B. Keller, Indianapolis; and G, Lewis, Elizabeth, N. J.
most romantic new
Next Tuesday morning at 11 o’clock, Miss Jessie McQueen, home service counsellor' of the American Gas Association, will speak to the survey class in the Home Economics Auditorium. . Miss McQueen will discuss her position of serving the homemaker in better acquainting her with the equipment of the American Gas Association. She also aids housewives by instructing them in proper and more efficient use of the equipment.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH Dr. J. B. Weatherspoon, sociology professor at Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, St. Louis, will replace Rev. George A- Ritchey pastor, now on atrip to colleges and universities in Florida and the Carolinas in behalf of the seminary, at the pulpit tomorrow morning and evening. His subject for the evening will be “Christ’s Call from the Oriem^V
ST. -250 Persoiis-:-Sunday Menu, April 19) 1936 Serving Honrs —12 M.-3 P. M. —^ 5 P. M.-8: P. M.
50c DeLuxe Dinner Lemon Sherbet or Fifuit Cocktail or Chicken Rice Soup FRIED CHICKEN Maryland Style CHOICE T-BONE STEAK French TVies Candied Sweet Potatoes with Lemon Peel or Fluffy Whipped Potatoes New Cauliflower to Cream or New Beets with Bacon Cubes or Southern Corn Pudding Julienne Vegetable Salad Hot Parker House lElolls Fruit Jellb, Whipped Cream or Fudge Cake, Angel Food Cake, Homemade Pie Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk
40c Special Dinner No. 2 SPECIAL CLUB STEAK French Fries GRILLED PORK TENDERLOIN Candied Sweet, Potatoes with . Lemon Peel or Fluffy Whipped Potatoes New Beets with Bacon Cubes or ^uttiern Corn Pudding Julienne Vegetable Salad Hot Parker House Bolls Fruit JeUo, Whipped Cream Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk
Special Dinner No^ 1 ■' ' 45c ■ ■ ' BAKED PREMIUM HAM ' in Pineapple CANADIAN BACON . One Egg ' Candied Sweet Potatoes with Lemon Peel or !, Fluffy Whipped Potatoes New Cauliflower in Creato New Beets with .Bacon Cubes or Southern Corn Pudding JuRenne Vegetabie Salad Hot Parker House Rolls ■ Fruit Jello, Whipped Cream Coffee Tea Milk. Buttermilk
Special Plate CREAMED CHICKEN GIBLETS with Bice and Mushrooms Vegetable Plate—Deviled Egg BREADED VEAL CUTLET Cream Gravy Candied Sweet potatoes'With Lemon Peel, or Fluffy Whipped Potatoes New. Beets with Bacon Cubes Or-• Southern Corn Pudding Julienne Vegetable Salad Hot Parker House Rolls Pru.ii; Jello, Whipped Cream Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk
PICTURESQUE PAjRTY FROCKS FOR THE ; . .
WB CATBB TO BFBCIAL PARTIES AND DINNERS ask for MISS KELLEY
Gay Spring!. Lots of good times—parties, dances and all sorts of occasions for dressing up. Frocks tkat have all the things about them that make girls look lovely!
Priced from
• CHIFFONS • TAFFETAS • ORGANDIES • MUSLIN DE SOIE • la:ges • PRINTS
and up
DEAN MATTHEWS TALKS AT OXFORD CONVENTION Prof. Mary L. Matthews, dean of the school of home economics at the University and president of the 'Tippecanoe County Federation of clubs, was the principal speaker at the afternoon session of the Benton county federated club convention held in Oxford Thursday.
DR. BRAY^ATORESSES KIWANIS ON FISHING Dr. J. L, Bray, head of the Uni-versity-school of chemical engineering, talked befete the Lafayette Klwanis club recently at the Central Y. M. C. A. on a five weeks’ swordfishing trip off the New England coast; The talk was accompanied: by illustrative slides.
If you have due at your house let us supply fresh, clean linen on a rental ■ basis..■■■;V
WE SUPPLY
W H Y B U Y r
Golf just one pleasure thait Awaits you this spriiig . . . thatis^ if yOur car is in running order. Brtftg tn Your Cdr'J-oday ( y^ll Vix It for Spring
6th aod Alabama Phone 4048 We^'!Mevur:.CIuse.:. ,