f '?'\Vll 'I
' I
PurcLUG
Z-1t5
MHH|[ ^ Exponent
y "'Vft* ■, i * “'■ 1# . yM
Volume 5L No. 124
Saimday* Mctrcit Z 19tt
Riveters Tangle With Downstate Rivals Tonight Campus Musicians Ke^yWIISynng , UxalColC Will Fete foitermater Victory Will Convert Assured Title ToAppearOuNew c.)-.<MaY0.u.«^ ^>g ChemphnsNp lU MppCm vll livW Paul Eeedy and his Campus Com- ' Probable Starting Lineups VariAhi PrAnram Sf^ Tentative Soph Cotillion pwrdi® IYarieiy rroyrani mL^f-the-^i^h from 9 Lafayette »* Tierney „..JF. Armstrong 10 > 1 nir • tiifl o VkoH Chamber of Commerce will be the n^fo Rsflf Trt Mnrrh Blanken J. Schaefer Selected campus artists tvill ap- until 12 o clock in the south ball- r. v . t. r ' ju» l/Olv DuCK 10 PlOrCll IJ . _ «t * pear tomorrow afternoon from 4 to room of the Union. three Debris Beauties, Jeanette Flsher C. .W.Menke 5 in a new and entirely diiferent Backdrop, in keeping with the Haynes, Vivian Dickerson, and Skull and Crescent, ed sophomore Yeager 6. Huffman program called the “Classical Var- theme of March, in like a lamb and Prances Lloyd with the help of the^ organized honorary, announced yes- Beretta G Hro iety Hour," originating in the Mu- out like a lion, pictures a lamb and runnerups. The dinner will if« t i sic Room of the Union » Lon cavorting amid.shamrocks. i. on ■ Sophomore Cotillion has been By Joe Dolan bit, xtoom oi xne union. Le held March 14 at 6:30 p. m. in „p4. f™ Marrh Tbi<i wa-^ tVip nrArtists who will make their in- Usual price oi one dollar will pre- ^ sex lor iviarcn xo. xnis was xne oritial appearance on this program are vail. Loth ballrooms of the Union. iginal date of the dance, which had Purdue’s current basketball squad, leading the Big Ten COnHarold Koch, oboeist; a string quar- Featured on the evening’s pro- ^een changed to May 10. Orchestra ference, meets Indiana University tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the tet composed of Vernon Westberg, Dicfnl TaAIH FlflAfflAC gi’um will be guest speaker Ther- dance has not been an- Purdue Fieldhouse. Let’s look at the unadulterated facts. If Eva Robertson, Gene Kinilski, and I iJlUl Ivulll L^ICiyvJ man “Dusty” Miller, philosopher uounce . the Purdue team wins, it wins undisputed possession of the ConEdward Egglebreckt; Rosemary ' extraordinary, of Wilmington, 0., ference title, if it loses, it must lick the Ulini at Champaign Vidor In Five Meets Deem Gives Varsity Monday night to assure an undisputed possession of the tiae. Haines. ' Choir in their gypsy act. . The chips are on the table (or the All Exnerienced Having r e m a i n e d undefeated rL*,,, T„, ^-.1 floor). Purdue is within a few hours All of the above mentioned per- through five pistol matches, the R. “ The dinner is bei^g spon^red by ^ROW I ly-OUl K lallS fAnf Acf DScnlaV now-a-days, an undissons have made numerous appear- O. T. C. varsity pistol team has wu xi, .i x- «« x ■'iSpiHf puted title holder in the Mid-West-ances on various stages ranging opened this season with a “bang." assistance of the Lions, Kiwanis, Work on the production. Sweet- ern conference. A victory tonight from local eamnus theater nroduc- The high scorer thus far is Becker the Teachers Federation, Business hearts,” was definitely begun yes- l|| ||||S|%|| UAkl%V DAAm vnll give the old prognosticators a tions to Indianapolis musical pro- a total of 287 points, having Professional Women, Altrusa, terday as A1 Stewart, director of III UlllOn flODDy KOUlIl jolly rabbit punch in the neck—^they p-ram., Harold Koch has anneared records of 100 in the timed fire, 99 Exchange Club, Rotary Club, Tip- music, presided over a meeting in , , ^ all placed the Riveters last in the m the Whitinff Svmnhonv Orches- in the rapid fire, and a record shared pecanoe County Foromons, and the Fowler Hall. W. L. Deam, director ° elepLant herd, gj,g^ division or in the second ditra and has studied in Ghicap-o ' ^^h Powell of 96 in the slow fire. Junior Chamber of Commerce. of the cast, announced that try-outs cheribic faces, and a book set are The string- suartet is well-known The teams that have fallen before for those interested in singing, ^ f^^r of the outstanding works reparouTid this nart of Indiana bavins- the “dead-eyes” are: Santa Clara, ^ If ■ f" I dancing, and acting would be held resented in the National Soap Con- WBAA’s broadcast of the Indiana played at many taets ^n tl^^ 1313 to 1242; Arkansas State, 1371 (irPgK \gm|-r|ngk in rooms 304, 305, and 307 of the ™ game wiU start at 7:15 p. m. tocamnns TndrSfavettr Miss'Rose 1° HSL* University of Detroit, 1368 ■ IIIUI.1 Union from 1 to 3 o’clock today. HoLby Room in the tower of the night. Mai Ross and Joe Mihal wffl marv Robinson accompanies both 1® 1285; Michigan State, 1368 to U _ Students who attended the meet- Union budding. This exhibit, spon- handle the game description and the University and Concert Choirs. 1348; M. I. T., 1354 to 1353. , NCSF COIliPlCtlOn, ing were given forms and are to summaries after the game. Molly Harding also sings with both Freshman team has also been vie- ' try-out according to numbers on the SL^of corn^emtt the Universitv and Concert Choirs torious in each of its two matches. T* T-■ sheets. Those who weren’t present hi bition ot competition for prizes. i. j ^ and had one of the leads in the These were with the University of | OUF I BSIIIS KCIHSIII at the meeting can also try-out this The carvings, one-hundred in “Mik^^o” O^lroit, 1195 to 936, and M. I. T., ^ ^ ^ere selected from thous- but the httle man of the Pi^dua Stanley Is Soloist '^^1 to 740. Within a few days, finalists in the hearsals are scheduled to start im- ands of entrants and were judged by Lambert, the liWe Evelvn GulliL harpist has ap- The highest total score, 272, is Interfraternity class “B" basket- mediately upon casting. the National Soap Sculpture Com- ^ tho^and dea^ pefled^ mS pro^s on the Leld by Gebhardt, with records set ball league wdl determine the win- ^ittee in New York. T^ey are di- I T "I rS 1" campus and in Indianapolis. Don at 87 by Dodds and Gebh^dt in the ner ij^at loop^ Tho« team^ Jj J, y^j|| p j ,„,ed into three sToups, amateur, at^eXs onl° a^he'S^o™ HaiTiPt! WJK? lest tniTMTiPt esolmest in slow fire, 93 by Gebhardt in the originally enxerea xne nnais are. senior, and junior. . .. j -xi. i r. names was ist trumpet soioist in . - j nx u v j • xu Alnhn Chi T?hn Sio-mn Alnha Ensi- every year Since the end of the l^t rap'd hr?’ ’ ° ' Ion, Alpha Gamma Eho, Sigma AI- 'ROUIKI Roblll'SIlOW TodlV One of the most interesting fea- major war. troftb^rEorslf^tatt^^^^^ pha Mu. Alpha Sigma Phi, Phi Kap- JllUW lUUay tures of the ^hibit is a set of carv- MoUvea Are varsity yesterday with Yale and the Pa Sigma, Phi Delta Theta, and Eadio Stage wdl present‘'Bound mgs illustrating the steps m Cary- The t»o teams will enter ae versity Glee club. Huiversitv of Oklahoma- however Lambda Chi Alpha. E*® at 1 o’clock this afternoon mg an object. Figures of animals game witt the same purpose—to dematches hav,: gemi’s Next Week Tf 7'^^; *» “"tt faat each oaer, but in ™tory ^ An ^hnrt fniirv not yet been received. Semi s Next yveeR elderly gentleman who believes that popular subjects. ynll have different motives. The My aJIlVI I Will iJw The semi-finals are now under there is never anything new in the Boilermakers not only must avenge __ If I with the Alpha Gamma Rho, world. He says that things are de- f I I f | t f tbe only blotch on its current conh R DOllfirndRlCfir SCHIdSh Alpha CW Rho, Alpha Sigma Phi, veloped, revamped, and made over ^CIlOOl jfdllS 30011 ference race record, but it must If III I IHI%II U M and Lambda Chi Alpha outfits sur- from something someone else has uphold the tradition that “an indi-jixGA-i f viving the first round of elimina- discovered before us. To prove his basketball team seldom beats tuSrwfnto sTorrCourL^^^^^ 163111 TO MCet lllSH tion among the finalist teams. point the old man brings ont a com- 101 IrafllC UttiCerS ^ne, and never twice in the same lield Friday March 8 at 9-30 a m bfext Tuesday evening Lambda parison between the France of season. in Aoricultural Hall at which time Boilermaker squash team will en- Chi Alpha’ five will meet the Alpha Robespierre’s time and the Germany Ivan Miller, chief of the West La- Indiana will also have its motives certificates will be oresented bv Jeavor to add another victory to its Chi Rho club, and the Alpha Sigma of today. He reveals the most inter- fayette police, announced yesterday m undomg the athletic folk-ways of Pre^iHent FIHott Hean Harrv T rapidly growing String when it Phi contingent will face the Alpha esting part of his life in his last that all officers of the police depart- Purdue. It wants to be the only team Reed aL Assistant Dean V C Free’ meets Notre Dame on the home Gamma Rho team. The winners of speech. ment will attend the Traffic Officers in the conference who wiU have been man of the school of Agriculture courts this afternoon at 2:30 o’clock, these two games will enter in the fin- Cast for the show includes: Pat Training School at the University able to ‘show Purdue just how it’s will sneak earlier match held at South al game and determine the champ- Heine, Joyce Burnham, Del Green- March 4 to 9. Twenty-six other In- done on the hard.wood, and also wiww ’co77v«o RanooaX vifin hp Beud, coach Clevett’s racqueteers ion of class “B” fraternity basket- wood, John Hobson, Jack Lane, Dick diana policemen have already en- topple the Boilermaker’s ego, which / Thursday evening March 7 at 6-16 defeated thfe Irish, 6-2. ball. Kebls, Art McTaggart, Bill Fall and rolled in the training school it was a defeat at the hands of the invadt m in the TInifn with l’f Liv- ' Since their return from an east- Redhead. “Round Robin” was stated by Joseph L. Lingo, safety ing Hoosiers would certainly ac-ine-ston as the nrincinal speaker training trip during the Christ- Wr riiiL VJall llnar adapted and directed for Radio specialist on the Purdue Safety In- complish. SrTmrfor ^^ mas holidays, the squash team has WOmCn S lIUD Will Heaf Stage by Dick Pittenger. stitute, director of the school. Fred, EU, Danny ^ available Tuesday, March 6, accord- chalked up six victories against one ii m . j r I I . Instruction to be given at the s^ors on Anie"-Noted sculptor Noss Will Discuss Asia .'serRaiUi^jr^Stal AlMeMist Men's class ture, animal husbandry, dairy man- when the western collegiate of Michigan, will present a lecture a • „ xi, investigation, accident reports and ufacture and dairy produetkm. championships will be held on the demonstration at a general meeting Yellow and White ii^ Asia, the problems, public campaigns and have seen ’ home courts. of the Purdue Women’s Club Tues- List in a series of three lectures, is gpe^king tests for drinking drivers, themselves emerge victorio^ tW LL f I AL A Following the return match with day, March 6, at 3 p. m. in the aud- the topic which Prof. T. K. Noss, evidence, and discussion of Semors like Wlllougnby jOCSKS ADOUT Notre Dame the squad will take to itorium of the Home Economics member of the sociology depart- problems *^®®® feUows reaUy put out the old the road to meet the Detroit YMCA building. Members of the art sec- ment, has chosen when he speaks to ability where Indiana is concemedF Mnriprn To Facultv and Michigan in a double assign- tion of the club are in charge of ar- the Men’s Student Class at thq Classes wll begin Monday at 10 especially in that last I.U,-P.U. I IUUi;ill l/ICM lU raiuiiy ment on Saturday, Marxjh 9. rangements. ' Methodist Church tomorrow. Prof. a. m. in the EE building and wll fracas. Miss Marian Willrfughby, member —particularly qualified to dis- continue through Saturday. Certifi- Terriffc Crowd of the clothing and textiles depart- < *bis subject since he was born cates will be awarded at the final if Purdue leaves the hardwood on ment snoke on “Geographic and ^norfcm.ancAl*n of missionary parents in Japan, and luncheon to those who pass the work the long end of the score tonight, Srir MuLes Tn Mo^ DOfiermaiCer :>p0nsmansnip K^reea ^eeps in contact with that country satisfactorily. the sellout crowd of 9A45 speetaDress” at a meeting of the Uni- 1. All athletic opponents are guests and should be treated by a brother who resides there now. tors, the largest crowd ever to yritversity faculty women Thursday dii*^ from Purdue as a host TIhU ''®®® “ Boilermaker-Indiana baaketevpniTiP> in the Home Economics COUrtesy oue iroui ruraue as a nos . series of lessons on race problems |V|AfAyltn LIUD tlfiCtS ball game, will have a reason to lunch room. The talk was illustrated decisions of officials should be accepted without ques- are: “The Negro in America'” and r^se the roof. Lambert will have with pvamnlpc! nf hats dresses fab- tiou. “Jewish-Christian Relations.” Aff■ F 1# provided the school in the valley^f lies, jewelry, and dolls. * 3. Players or officials should never be hissed or boocd. n I l ^ AA • OffiCCrS FOT YCflf the W.abash with another hardwood Following the lecture, students 4. Abusive or irritating language from the sidelines is the PtOfi I, G, MlOftlSOfl ' championship, from Miss Willoughby’s classes mark of a DOOr somtsman. Results of the annual elections of modeled both old fashioned and mod- ..r-i i ji.. i..™. • • • assistant professor of agri- Virginia C. Meredith Club, Home flllll Hosirc ern clothes. The modern dresses Applause IS due opponents who make good plays or show cultural education, has written a Economics organization, held yes- ^OSlHOpOllloll vlUD llvwlS were designed and made by the jun- good sportsmanship. book entitled “Repairing Farm Ma- terday in the main hall pf the Home f naalrnr Frum Tiir^Aif ior clothing classes. 6. No attempt should be made to rattle an opposing player, chinery,” which has just been pub- Economics building, have been an- jpCflKCl riOlIl lUiKfff such as the man attempting a free throw in basketball, or the Lshed by the International Publish- nounced. Those elected to the ex- Nurettin a resident n I A in liadoKall Company. The book is designed ecutive positions are: president, Ag- ^orewin Ayasun, a resident M PIA P u* M K K 45 • .1 1 V 1 4k vocational agricultural classes nes McCullough; vice-president, Twkey, spoke at a m^ti^ 7. The game should be won by fair and lawful means, the jg fl^st publication of its Mary Edith Monk; secretary, Jud- Cosmopolitan club yesterday aitw* ... will sponsor a tea dance today spectators and the team abiding at all times by the real spirit kind. ith Auch, sophomore advisors, Dor- “®®“ “ ^^® Tfnion. Included in his from 3 to 6:30 p. m. m the old ball- Arvidson, Jeanne Burkholder; « discussion ot the Balkw loom of the Union Members, upon M.. ji^nior advisors, Charlotte Metz, state’s present strategic position m the presentation of their member- o* Abe game snouia DC lOVea lor IIS OWn saKC ana not lOr lytl Louise Stiers-senior advi<5nrc! AUee world affairs, principally as Bnsship cards, and all co-eds will be ad- what the Victory may bring. Keltner Lucille Osborne * sia’s only outlet to the Meditorran« mitted free. All other eds wiH have 9, Games should be won without boasting and lost without • • • social fraternity, announces ’ • to pay a 10 cent admission charge, ^jxcuses. ' pledging of Cal Sheehy, Chicago, Only requirement for memberw The Cosmoplitan dub brings Music will be furnished by record- *. , Purdue’s teams deserve wholehearted sun- ship in this club is that the studei{t gether foreign students for tile pur. ings. All eds are asked to wear suit- Puruue S teams deserve wnoleneaiteu sup Ralph A. Dise, Cleveland Heights, be enrolled in the Home Economics pose of creating both and coats and ties. port. 0. school. international good-will.if
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Saturday^ Mcirch 2# 1940
Notices
N* ■(•tieM will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Sigma Delta Chi: Turn in all lead pigs at Expanent office Saturday, March 2, between 8- and 6 p. m. _i,ecKARD.
CeStaap^tan Club: Initiation of pledges Sttiiday, March 8, at 4:30 p. m. in room 306 of the Union.
Scabbard and Blade: Memb^ wishing to fire on thelSoabbard and Blade rifle team report to' Eieldhouse Kifle Range at ^7 ;1& p.
m. Monday, March 4, and JW^n^day^
March 6.
Activities RnreaB: Important compulsory meetihg on ffuesday, March 6, for all Activities Bureau Staff members (seniors, aumorsr sophomores, and freshmen.) —BRISiUJSitw*
A® Stnderets: Students interested in securing part-time work" through the State Employment Service should supply the office oh North Fourth Street with their present schedule of classes, so the employment officers will know when the students have free time to work. „„„„ (3.5) —^WALTERS.
Christinn Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, March 6, at 7:80 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. —KNIPP.
G. E. 11. 12: An examination' for removal of “C” and "I” grades will be held Saturday, March 0, at 1 p.' m. in room 210. Michael Golden Shops. Students planning to take the examination must make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 9. RISING.
C. E. 41: An examination for the removal of "C” grades will be held in room 125, Heavilon Hall, 1 "to 4 p. m.. Saturday, March 16. Permission tO take the examination must be obtained from the undersigned prior to March 13. ■—GREVE.
Gimlet: Bus will leave for Illinois Monday. March 4, at 4:15 p. m. fr^ IMon Building. PERRIN.
Gold Peppers: There will be a meeting Tuesday, March 5, in room A of the Union. Every member is requested -to be present. . —MITCHELL.
Wesley Foundation: The regular meeting of the Student Council and the Freshmen Commission will be held at breakfast Sunday morning, March 3, at 8 a. m. at the Wesley Foundation House. —McFADDEN.
Ag Chem. Clnb: Open meeting Wednesday, March 6, at 7:30 p. m. in the picture room of the Union. Motion pictures. —HARPER.
Camera Clnb: Dark room will be ready for any who wish to work by 4 p. m. Saturday, March 2. Ket key at west desk of Union. —hEDDBN.
Union Workers: There will be a meeting • of the sophomores and freshmen on the Browsing room committee Monday, March 4, at 4:15 p. m. in the Union office. —HAMMAN.
PIA Dance Class: Due to unforseen difficulties the first meeting of the class will have to be postponed. There will detL nitely be a meeting Wednesday, March 6, in room 363 of the Union at 7:39 P- m. —LXJTZ.
Prom Committee: Be at the Debris office Saturday, March 2, at 2 p. pictures. —ROYCE.
M.E. 30 Non-Chemicals: A makeup test for students in all M.E. 30 non-chemical divisions who were absent from test 1 will be offered Monday, March 4, at 4 p. m. _ in room 108 of the mechanical engineering building. COPE.
Lutheran Students: Regular meeting of the Lutheran Students Association will be held Monday, March 4, at 7:15 Proom 307 of the Union. —^HALL.
M. E. 61 Conditionals: Examination for the removal of conditions in M.E.' 61 will be held April 6, at I p. m. in room 801 of the mechanical engineering building. All interested parties should notify the undersigned on or before March 23 at noon. Blgneu u —MESSERSMITH.
Freshmen Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report on Saturday, March 2, by schools as follows. Students whose names begin with A-E, room 129, electrical building: F-Le, room 201, civil building; Li-R, rOom 101, Michael Golden Shops; S-Z, room 254, electrical buUding. —KNAPP.
Exponent Freshmen: The meeting Saturday, March 2, will be held at 1:30 p. m., in the west faculty lounge instead of in the office as previously announced. All freshmen should be there. _^ilLSEY.
Co-op Venture: This week’s issue, Davee’s group: Ann Tweedale, Mar wood. Luma, Salisbury. Davee editor. ELY
Reamer Clnb: Regular meeting Monday, March 4, in room 303, Union, at 8 p. m. Pledges meet in hall at 8 p. m., a^ prepared for an oral quiz. Actives I Don t miss the fun. Be there. Cancellations: Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before noon Saturday, March 16. Cancellation cards are obtainable from heads of ^ partments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school, and, if possible, by the head of the department in which tae subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s office. Assignments may ^ cancelled without grade after March 16 if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of —goldsmith.
Biology Students: Condition examinations in Biofogy 18 will be given March 2 at 1 p. m. in Boom 211 of Coulter Hall. -BEHRENS.
Examinations for condition remoTala in Hiatory, Eeonoadea and Governraent: These wiU be held Saturday, March 9, at 1:00 p. m., room 806. in the Recitation Building. Aiiplieatfon mnst be made in the History office no later tfoin Friday, March 8. —BSTEY.
Vi
PIA Dance Claes: Due to unforseen circumstances the first meeting of the class will have to to postponed. There will defin-
itely to a meeting Wednesday, March 6, protobly in the ballroom. Watch for fu-
ture notices.
—LOTZ.
LEARN TO DANCE
9Y ENROLLING IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS Wed. March 6th 7:00 p. m. NEW ADVANCED CLASS Thura* March 7th 7:00 p.m. A private lescon will be given free of charge to those who were unable to attend the first lesson. PHONE 2150
Personnef Notes
Complete bnlletine with the companies listed below, are posted on the bulletin boards of the schools from which interviewees will be chosen. Those interested should read these bulletins and company Hteiature available, then' sign up for consideration on the proper list In the mala office of their school.
M. E. Nichols and associates of the United Stateg Steel Corporation Pittsburgh, Pa., will interview ME, ChE, Met, EE, IE seniors on Monday, March 4.
Joseph M. SullivRn, assistant employment manager of the Detroit Edison Company, Detroit, Mich., ■will interview ME, EE, and a few ChE seniors as well as a few graduates majoring in physics on Monday, April 8.
C. G. Kustner of the Standard Oil Company of Indiana, Chicago, 111., will inter-view ME and ChE seniors interested in sales training work on Thursday, March 7.
Irwin P. Egan, director of personnel Real Silk Hosiery Mills, Inc., Indianapolis, is interested ‘in one senior engineer for merchandising and marketing methods.
V. A. Wolff, branch sales manager, tabulating machines division of the Remington Rand, Inc., Chicago, 111., plans to interview seniors in the near future who are interested in sales work.
C. C. Jordan, assistant manager, steam turbine department of the Allis-Chalmers Manufacturing Company Milwaukee, Wis., wishes to interview electrical engineers interested in his company on Wednesday, March 6. Jordan -will show films on the engineering activities at AllisChalmers on Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock in Room 207, ME building to those interested.
Episcopal Students: The Seabury Club will meet in room 807 of the Union' Sunday, March 3, at 6:45 p. m. Dr. H. B. Nass will speak on “Science and Religions." Members will meet in 'the west end of the cafeteria for supper at 6 p. m. ' , —L-ZLES.
PIA Board: There will to a meeting of the PIA Board in the office Monday, March 4, at 7:15 p. m. to fill junior vacancies in the board. Be prompt. —HmSHAW.
EngUali and Speech Conditions: Hxaminatfons for removal of conditions in English and speech will to held Satnrday, Mareh 2, beginning at 1 p. m. in room SOX of the i^ncation building. —MILLER.
Classified Ads
rOR BAUB
FOR SALE—^Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as 8^.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Want to Buy a Tux, sixe 40. Call J. A. Huffman, 41802.
Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 71644.
Wanted—A Tuxedo, size 38, long. Call Markus. 3036.
LOST AND FOUND
Lost-—Phi Mu sorority pin. Name on back. Call 66218. Reward. Janet Gaylord.
LOST—Sorority pin Sigma ICappa, Cameo bracelet Alpha (lamma Kappa. Call Doris Muth 2127.
Lost—Black Carter’s fountain pen. Finder please call, Fisher. 31762. Reward.
—SUNDAY - MONDAYROBERT —GREER-
PLUS—2ND FEATURE TOP THIEF! Fiction’s ace scoundrel is on the loose L
with WARREN JOAN^ WILLI AM PERRY
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES
EDMUND LOWE in 'Honeymoon Deferred' ■—ALSO —
iOHN WAYNE in 'NEW FRONTIER'
JojnuMow 9il JhiL ChwudhaA,
Episcopal Students St. John’s Church, Sixth and Ferry Sts., Lafayette. 8:00 a. m.—Holy Communion. 10:46 a. m,—Holy Communion (Choral) and Sermon. At the Memorial ynion Building. 7:00 p. m.—Seabury Club—Address by Prof. H. B. Hass on “Science and Religion.”
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
TMror in Europel Today’s Blazing HeadlinesI Love and thrills!
with ALLAN LANE
UNDA HAYES* ROBERT BARRAT
'AND.
Session
By Liclity
Presbyterian and Congregational Students Morning Program at Central Presbyterian Church, Lafayette. 9:30 a. m,—Coilege class, discussion led by Mr, Thomas. 10:46 a. m.—^Worship Ser-vice, Dr.i Gr8iham,preaching, Evening Program at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz St. 6:00 p. m.—Congregational meeting of Purdue Presbyterian church. 6:00 p. m.—Supper -will be served. 7:00 p. m.—Sunday evening forum. Discussion and mo'ving pictures.
Dear Bull Session:
Purdue Christian Foundation First Christian Churfeh, 6th and North Sts., Lafayette. 9:30 a. m.—Student Class," What is Christian Faith?” 10:40 a. m.—Church ser-vice: Doyle Mullen preaching in the series on “Experiments in Li-ving,” this time on the subject, “Why Worship.” 2:30-4:30 p. m.—“Open; House” for all students and friends of the Foundation at 126 Chauncey Ave. 6:30 p. m.—^Vespers; 6:00 p. m.. Recreation; 6:30 p. m.. Discussion.
Methodist Students 8:00 a. m.—Breakfast of the Council and Freshman Commissioh. 9:30 a. m.—Co-ed department at the Foundation, “The Meaning of Easter”—Mrs. McFadden. Men’s Student Classes at the Church. New series for the month of March: 1. The Bible—Prof. J. T. Gunn. 2. The Race Problem—Prof. T. K. Noss. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Church Ser■vice. Dr. Steele will preach. 6:00 p. m.-—Fellowship Supper at the Foundation. (16 cents)^ 6:30 p. m.—Epworth League. The Wesley Players will present: “Martyrs’ Return,” a one-act play.
Have you read the lateBt Saturday Evening Post ? The two articles in that issue on sorority aijid fraternity life have riled my attger -to the point where I am desirous of expressing myself. Just -^hat is the idea of -various magazines uiyDstly criticizing the Greek organizations—and least of all the Post? It seems as tfiough some person thought up the idea of exploiting sororities and fraternities, and since the idea sold other people are trying to cash in on the same idea, at the students’ expense. And what an idea! Students ought to take up arms and fight! Says Greeks High-Hat The Post in the last issue in an article entitled “Goon Castle” has made a perfect fool of itself in allowing such criticisms as are written in the above mentioned article to even appear in their magazine. This article suggests that “Greeks” speak of Unorganized students as “barbs” and trample on them as though they were the proletariat. Students on this campus know that .this is not true. A:ll Free And Equal There are other references made to unhaplpy organized girls and some poking fun at the summer rush trips of the sororities. It also suggests that organized people are the “cream of the crop.” I don’t think that organized people consider themselves above unorganized people, after all we are created free and equal. It is surprising that a magazine as well known as the Post would stick its neck out and resort to such cheap publicity after the comment that other magazines have caused when publishing a series of articles and pictures about college “Greek life.” A. H.
Roger Williams Clnb 9:30 a. m.—Class 10:30 a. .—Church Service, Sermon by Rev. Gleason 6:30 p. m.—Get Together 6:00 p. m.—10 cent Lunch 6:30 p. m.—The new cabinet on parade.
STARTS TOMORROW
TOGETHER... In the Show Of The Year! FRED ELEANOR
USmilEPBWEU
—-LAST DAY-
EYES RIGHT...r/i;s way! Here Come
He was a Bad Man . . full of Brimstone . . . until he met a Sagebrush Siren!
IfyUffk Chiclcadee
Joseph cAillU-DidcRiRAN Donald MEEK'ltniyKNIGIir
—-PLUS—
TRAVELTALK
IN COLOR
Starts TODAY
ir
if
‘Salary’s immaterial to my son—as long as he learns the business from the ground up!”
Carnival Boxers Urged
To Report To Coach Benna
WBAA
Joe Benna, Boilermaker boxing coach, has announced that his boys will run off the final round of an all-campus boxing contest during the Athletic Carnival which is going to be held March 13. According to Benna, Rny Purdue student will be eligible to participate in this fistic duel. Weight divisions -will include the folio-wing classifications: 112 lbs.; 118 lbs.; 126 lbs.; 136 lbs.; 147 lbs.; 160 lbs.; 176 lbs.; and the hea-vyweights. All men who are interested should report to Beima at least a week before the carnival. The eliminations will be held on the boxing plateau inside the gym. Two contestants from each division will Ade in the
Saturday j, 11:0(J—Just Kids j 11:16—Carolyn Wood—soprano 11:30—^High School Guest 12:00—The Woman Shopper 12:16—^Tune Time—Charles Powell 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time, 12:46—Markets 1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—Monitor Views the News 1:46—Saturday Musical Review 2:00—Sectional Tournament 7:16—Indiana - Purdue Basketball Game
final round; but in case insufficient fighters turn out for the fracas. Golden Glovers will supplement them.
MIDNITE [PREVIEW TON ITE 11:30
THE MARINES FLY HIGH"
Leathernecks in Love and in Battle!
Lusfy Sons of the Fighting Legions— Roaring into Glory to Adventures and a Blonde!
Richard DIX
Chester MORRIS
Lucille BALL
'THE MARINES FLY HIGH’
MaiiI
TODAY
"ISLE OF DESTINY" -PLUSNANCY DREW TROUBLE SHOOTER
Take Your Choice Well Suit You Two Ways
SALE
-OR-
Ciearing all 1939 Suits Values to $35,00
All 1939 one and two trouser suits in King’s famous quality hard finish worsteds.
$15.95
$18.95
$23.95
New Spring Suits
Handsome spring fabrics, patterns, colors and styles . . . in vast selections.
Prices
Begin at
Tliese suits are tailored to King’s exacting specifications . . . they represent the finest values possible to secure in the clothing industry.
KING THE CLOTHIER
LAFAYETTE, IND.
aYSaturday# March 2, 1940
£xpomnt Sp0^ fiaqa
Beretta^ Blanken Namtcl On All-Conference Team
By John Adamson
For th6 second time in two years Captain Freddy Beretta was named on the United Press all-conference net team. Just to make the Big Ten a little more Boilermaker-conscious, Don Blanken, who is currently leading the local sharpshooters in swishing the leather through the draperies, was selected along with Beretta and given the honor of being one of the two sophomores on the first team.
Hapac Unanimous
Wild Bill Hapac, the dark-haired mini flash who set a new individual conference scoring record by dropping in 34 points against Minnesota, led all of the candidates in the poll of coaches, correspondents and scouts ■v^ho contributed information. He was the only one to be unanimously elected although Beretta was given all but one first place
vote.
Gene England of Wisconsin, who is in third place in the conference scoring race and Dick Klein, husky Northwestern guard, made up the rest of the team. Klein, who is the other sophomore chosen along with Blanken,.is right on the heels of Hapac for scoring honors and has been the main cog in the Wildcats’ hardwood endeavors so far this sea-
son.
Beretta Great Guard Beretta, who plays his last game on the Fieldhouse floor tonight, was the only repeater from last year. Fred, who usually confines his scoring to crucial moments has been the mainstay of the Boilermaker proceedings for the past few months, and on two occasions was the high scorer for the evening. However, he
won his place chiefly on defensive ability^ as shown by his holding of Klein to seven points and the muchheralded Hapac tU four charity tosses and a trio of baskets.
Fisher, Too
Danny Fisher, who has been playing almost every position on the floor, under Piggy Lambert, was given honorable mention along with Lounsbury of Chicago. " FIRST TEAM Forwards — DON BLANKEN, PURDp'E and Bill Hapac, Illinois. Center—Gen^ Englund, Wisconsin. Guards—FRED BERETTA, PURDUE and Dick Kltin, Northwestern. SECOND TEAM Forwards—Don Carlson,' Minnesota and Bill Menke, Indiana. Center —Jim Rae, Michigan. Guards—Bob Dro, Indiana and Colin Handlon, Il-
linois.
HONORABLE; MENTION Forwards—Vic Siegel, Iowa and Gil Mickelson, Ohio State. Centers —DAN FISHER, PURDUE and Dick Lounsbury, Chicago. Guards— Bob Lynch, Ohio State and Charley Pink, Michigan.
'S'; ' i
seen in “Glamour" ''CHAHMEir by CHAMAY
A- ^ ^ e A ^ ^ .(A .S S
• •
A
$
3.98
oCoe^ tOEB&HSHCCOMAK#
SilddBAiL, Chouji By Roheit J. Dcekard The sportlight of the nation turns toward a fieldhouse ih Lafayette, Indiana, tonight Where two Hoosier basketball fives, primed, geared, and well-oiled, tangle in what might possibly be the conversion of an already sure title share into an indisputed championship. —fc— The Purdue Boilermakers, current leaders in the Big Ten conference, and the Indiana Cream and Crimson, now resting in a tie for second place, are the principals of the “dramatis personae” in tonight’s torrid conference show, the two ready and rarin’ to get going in the Purdue goalry. —^fc— For both contingents, everything is at stake ... for years the two foes have gone at each other with hammer and tongs, the hardwood rivalry between PU and lU being the talk of the nation . . . their respective “reputations” are at stake . . . ’Er something! —^fc— But the most important item that is on the fire tonight is the Big Ten championship .. . the Boilermakers, leading the pack with nine wins and a loss, already are assured of a cut in the Big Ten pie, losing the remainder of their games while the down-staters garner both of theirs will still give the locals a share of the title. One win will give Purdue the 1939-40 championship. —fc— It’s a definite fact that the job that the Crimson team possesses is one of prodigious dimensions ... it is away from home . . . everything has to move smoothly during the game tonight and Monday ... no familiar surroundings are for the visitors ... no 6,000 students will be rooting for them . . . and the Boilermakers are in no particular mood to allow the Bloomington lads to knock them out of a title . . . it’s a dirty task they have to fulfill in order to get even a sh§,re of the title. •—fc— Since the two outfits launched their first series back in 1901, the Indiana five has never been able to sweep the home-and-home series in any single year, a feat that the Boilermakers have accomplished 20 times.
Purdue Mat Team WillBeHostFor Conference Meet Full teams from all ten schools, with the single exception of Wisconsin, which has no entry in the heavyweight class, assure rapid fire action in the Big Ten wrestling championships to be held here next Friday and Saturday. The official entry list, announced today, reveals a total of 112 entries in the eight weight classifications. Indiana, as the defending team champion, is slightly favored to retain its titular honors, with the main competition being provided by Michigan, Illinois, and Minnesota. As far as the individual championships are concerned, six new title holders are bound to be crowned, for only Capt. Hanson, of Minnesota in the 128 pound class, and McDaniel, of Indiana, in the 166 pound class, will be back to defend their laurels. Hanson, incidentally, a blond whirlwind jat 128 pounds, was vot^d the outstanding collegiate wrestler of the nation as he added the national collegiate title to his Big Ten laurels last season. Following a meeting of the coaches on Friday morning to draw up the schedule, actual wrestling action will get under way Friday afternoon in the Purdue Fieldhouse with the preliminary and quarterfinal matches. Semi-final matches will be staged Friday evening, with the championships and consolation matches for second and third places on Saturday afternoon. The complete list of entries for the meet, by classes, follows: 121 Pound Class—^Young and. Pyle, Chicago; Kinndy and Hill, IIlihois; Livovich and Sefton, Indiana; Sherman, Iowa; Wedig, Michigan; Perrizo and Lie, Minnesota; Gluckman and Hollister, Northwestern; Varney and Besbara, Ohio State; Fredericks, Anderson, and Wayman, Purdue; Holado and Grieb, Wisconsin. 128 Pounds—Pyle and Zafros, Chicago; Petry, Illinois; Antonacci, Indiana; Julius, Iowa; French, Michigan; Hanson and Story, Minnesota; Stark, Northwestern; Heinzman, Ohio ^ate; Anderson, Purdue; Grieb, Wisconsin. 136 Pounds—Zafros gnd Carny, Chicago; Emmons, Illinois; Wilson and Rolok, Indiana; Ingle, Iowa; Masser and Sargent, Michigan; Taylor, Minnesota; Greening, Northwestern; Haynes and McIntyre, Ohio State; Lindeman, Purdue; Ritz and Martens, Wisconsin.
diiftacsL dOiidL and His Orchestra The Heidt of Sweeter Swing
Featured on Columbia Records Jiminy Cricket coupled with My Prayer
Mary Lou ‘ coupled with Through the Years
Piggy Wiggy Woo coupled with Two Hearts Are Better
Make Love with a Guitar coupled with Down the Alley and Over the Fence
Stranger Things Have Happened coupled with Start the Day Right Visiting Sears Record Department for the above and all .Other Late Releases
2 North Third St.
Phone 4039
B 0 i I e r m a ice r Track Team Journeys To Bloomington To Meet Indiana Today Twenty-nine members of the Boilermaker track team will board a bus at 9:30 this morning at the Union for their invasion of Bloomington to do battle with the Cream and Crimson in the final dual meet of the indoor season. With Ed Holderman, ace distance.man, practically recovered from his cold, the only regular to miss the trip will be A1 Gaulke, who is experiencing trouble with chronic sinuses.
Intramural Honor
rr
Team For Class "A Basketball Chosen
With the Sigma Pi fraternity basketball team, winners of the Class “A” intramural league, placing two men on the all-star team for that loop, and Theta Chi, also placing a couple of men on the honor team, the close of the class “A” play is official, according to all-star chairman Joe Benna. Phi Kappa Alpha, also placed two men on the all-star quintet, while the only ward clubs to find a place for their members were Cary Hall 9 and Ward 24. The placement of these men on the honor team was the result of the usual vote and poll taken by the all-star members of the different league teams through the assistance of fraternity and ward athletic managers. The team is as follows: ALL STAR BASKETBALL TEAM 1939-40 Frank Bykowski, guard, Sigma Pi. Joseph B. Close, forward. Sigma Pi. Clifford L. Breeden, forward. Pi Kappa Alpha. Ralph W. Lehr, guard. Theta Chi. Norman L. Ginder, forward, Cary Hall 9. Walter Goldsberry, forward. Ward 24. Walter F. Smith, guard. Theta Chi. Edwin L. Schwartz, center. Pi Kappa Alpha.
, 146 Pounds—^Thomas and Butler, Chicago; Purvin and Price, Illinois; Roman, Indiana; Millen, Iowa; Combs, Michigan; Morton and McKusick, Minnesota; McMillan and Puharch, Northwestern; Montanaro, Ohio State; Papurca and Farlow, Purdue;, Martens and Ritz, Wisconsin. 166 Pounds—Stone and Ivy, Chicago; Seabrook and Price, Illinois; Weiss and Tone, Indiana; Kemp, Iowa; Danner, Michigan; Janesko, Minnesota; Barton and Watson, Northwestern; Meyer, Ohio State;
Of interest to fans is the fact that the meet will be of the team variety, which means that total points rather than first places determine the winning team in each event. Under this system, three men are entered by each team in the event with the high scoring teams gaining five points and the losing aggregation three. Hurdle races will be run under the shuttle form with each of four men running sdventy yards. Field events, such as shot put, pole vault, high jump, and the broad jump are scored accordingly to total height or distance, Tycocki A Favorite I In the field events, Purdue will have Ted Tycocki, a favorite to cop conference honors if he can stay away from fouling the board, and also the versatile David Rankin. In the shot put, Purdue’s trio of Rankin, Weber, and Vollmer are expected to pull down a few points. Captain Red Shackleton, in the relays will be anchoring the majority of the Boilermaker runs that come near a 440 yard gallop. Dependable Edwards Another sure-fire point getter will be little Art Edwards, who tips the scales at a mere 137, but who last week set a new field house record at 12 feet, 8 ip. Punchy Campbell is the other Boilermaker pole vaulter; however Dave Rankin may take time from his field events and hurdles to take a crack at the pole vault.
Willey and Farlow, Purdue; Zeigueid and Cook, Wisconsin. 166 Pounds—Ivy, Chicago; McDaniel, Indiana; Geppart, Iowa; Gallis, Michigan; Schumacher and Johnson, Minnesota; Ferguson, Northwestern; Camperman and Montgomery, Pm-due; Roberts and Johnson, Wisconsin. 176 Pounds—Moore, Chicago, Govedale, Illinois; Inman, Indiana; Whitmore, Iowa; Nichols, Michigan; Johnson and Martin, Minnesota; Truby, Northwestern; Sauehn, Ohio State; Aronson, Purdue; Roberts, Johnson, and Pfeiffer, Wisconsin. Heavyweight — Weiss, Chicago; Sikich, Illinois; Brozski, Indiana; Johnson, Iowa; Jordan, Michigan; Kunsisto, Minnesota; Vavrus, Northwestern; Downes, Ohio State; Rossi and Aronson, Purdue.
Coeds are in a tizy over these
Young College Girls .... JACKET DRESSES $17.95
These jacket dresses are so gay and young, and practical. The jackets may be a mere snip of a bolero or a complete coat, and every length in between. You’ll love your jacket dress because i it will give you such a welldressed look. Style Center of Lafayette
mN.4tliSt
ijy-\
PURDUE EXPONENT
Jimihf. JoJIl
College Marriages ... as well as all other marriages in the State of Indiana will be slowed down about a week because of time necessary for the pre-marital test, which became a legal requirement for marriage yesterday. Last-minute elopements and “gin marriages” will be a thing of the past under the new ruling, which requires compulsory blood tests as a precaution against the spread of venereal disease. Blood from both man and woman will be withdrawn by a physician, and mailed to one of 19 laboratories which have been approved for the tests in Indiana. Upon receipt of two “negative” results, the doctor will issue a certificate to the county clerk which will certify the marriage license. If either of the couple IS found to have syphilis In the infectious stage, they will not be legally permitted to marry until the disease is under control. If the wedding is postponed for 30 days following negative tests, the tests must be repeated. Indigent people who wish to marry may have their tests made free through the state Board of Health Normally, the doctor will charge his usual fee while the laboratory fee will be one dollar. Within the last few years, public “modesty” and disregard of syphilis with a “moral censorship” have been replaced by some degree of hard common sense. Acceptance of the extensive existence of th,e disease, and the desire to eradicate it through intelligent action, is becoming more manifest every day. When “Wasserman Night” climaxed Social Hygiene Week at Purdue two years ago, over 225 students took the test. Readily contagious, syphilis today is a disease to which none are immune ... not a sin.
Syphilis and gonorrhea lead in the United States among communicable diseases. New cases of syphilis recorded each year in the United States number thousands more than the trailing cases of tuberculosis and scarlet fever. Six and a half million persons are currently infected in the United States; one million cases are new each year. Other than discoveries of syphilis through the new law, greater control of the disease will come through a three-fold movement: education, case finding, and treatment. If our syphilis rate was the same as Denmark, which has accepted the problem of syphilis control as a social obligation of the state, we would have only 26,000 cases each year instead of the 518,000 which report to doctors and the untold number, at least as many, which experiment on themselves with drug store compounds. When medical figures show that five times out of six the untreated syphilitic pregnant mother will bear a dead or diseased child, that 60,000 children are born in the United States each year with congenital syphilis, that 10 times out of 11 the syphilitic mother will bear a healthy child if treatment is adequate and is begun before the fifth month of pregnancy . . . then the value of pre-marital tests is dramatically proven. Indiana is the 21st state in the nation to adopt compulsory blood tests as a marriage prerequisite When the law becomes effective next January 1 ir^ Kentucky, all mid-west states will have them except three • Iowa, Missouri, and Ohio. State legislatures pass the medical examination law, but normally laws are passed only because of apparent need or popular opinion. When the legislatures of the remaining 26 states realize the value of this law to America as a syphilis detector and controller, and the people are educated to its need, the law will become effective throughout the country.
ww-
Purdue Exponenf
R E Insley W E Smith
Editor-in-Chief Business HanaKer
D G Temo Editorial Director G W Frederick Mana^ng Editor E M. Antonini Senior Advertising: Hanag;er G SchilhnB _ Co-ed Editor R Jenkins ^Sports Editor Phones Editorial, 4006, Business, 6038 , Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday dunnB the academic year Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March S, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 ■aencaaNTCD roa national advbrtisinu by NatioRal AdvertlsingService, Inc. Collega Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave new York N Y CHICACO BOSTOH LOS AHOELC8 SAH FRAHCISCO All unsigmed editorials are written by the Editorial Director Debvered by earner, $8 per academic year by mail, $8 60 Business office located at 312 N Fifth Street, editorial office. Union Building, sports office. Field House This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited are student iHiinions, and do not necessanly coincide with the official University viewpoint
Night Editor Issue Editor Day Editor
Miers Ochiltree Burtsfield
Saturday, March 2, 1940
The Book that tells the story ofSMjwtmwmL
for
Men
Women
Presentation of Participation Trophy Intramural Standing of Fraternities Winner of all Intramural Sports W A. A. Carnival.
mo
mo
(OshjoA.
ComptsdsL QajmfujL6L. Qov&haqsL
Conference Forecast: Sun Shines on PURDUE
Indiana Doomed to Blackout
Peter Anderson Garage
525 Alabama 24 Hour Service
Phone 4048 After You We Come First
Saturday, March 2, 1940,
And again . . will Irv Kolber escort “Bobby” Brand to the Gold Beppers dance Confidentially it might cost him his future pin ~B & B— There’ll be wedding bells in June unless Art Foltz, Theta Chi, recently named “Scrooge” by the pledges, finds it impossible to dodge future long distance phone calls from Baltimore, Md. After all, Art, you can’t be in Indianapolis all the time. —B & B— “Three timer” Harry Monson, Phi Kappa cutup, has gone to Chicago to lead his double life again. The brothers request that he either date his pm girl or get it back The suspense is killing them —Paid ad. —B & B— Flash—Be back in a flash with the trash’ —B &B— Youi B & B romeo has been roving aiound the Sweet Shop picking up little bits of this ’n that “She’s a nice giil but who wants to date a nice girl ” “Hmmmm let’s have a coke and talk this thing (cute little blond) over ” —B & B— “I’ve been around” Paul Cooper still dates Schnjkler despite the pm return My, my I simply can’t get over it P S. Can the Thetas? —B & B— Maiy had a little lamb Her fleece was white as snow And everywhere that Mary went Nobody followed, she had B 0 —B & B— Your B & B editor is tired of drooling over his typewriter. As a matter of fact he says to you and I quote, “Come let us lean on the river ”
£jthsih,£diiA, By Hank Miller Bdck on the job once again with a rumor that CBS’s ace news com-mentator-analystj H. V. Kaltenborn, will sopn switch to the NBC network. It seems that the reason IS the usual cause—^more money .. .\ CBS will groom Elmer Davis, a native Hoosier, to take over the spot —6“G— Despite the fact that there is fur flying over Horace Heidt’s Pot o’ Gold program, it has proved popular enough to have the jnovie moguls dickering for the screen rights. James Roosevelt, son of the President and producer for United Artists, is reported on Heidt’s trail. —e-e— King basketball certainly is reigning in full force this week, with two Purdue games and a whole tournament being played across the river WBAA sports casters, Mai Ross, Joe Mihal, and Ernie Morehoqse, are getting a hard workout and qre doing a very nice job of handling the whole thing Many conferences have been held on what to do about tonight’s games The Purdue-Indi-ana game naturally has the spotlight from 7 15 to about 9, but the county residents have a great deal of interest in the final game of the tournament tonight Originally it was planned to hold the final tournament game until after the Purdue game, so that WBAA could carry both of them That possibility seems to be fading however, and probably just the Purdue game will be aired
After five very successful years, WBAA’s Luncheon Dance Time programjhas received n face lifting. Now known as “Meet the Band,” the program will still feature popular records, but in a slightly different way with two all request programs being broadcast each week instead pf one. The change was inaugurated several weeks ago. Records are now furnished by both McLean’s and the Poster Shop; though the program is still produced by Dick Pittenger. •—e-e— Because ^f the basketball tournament, there will be no Campus Varieties broadcast this afternoon. —e-e— Rose Bampton, American soprano, will sing the title role of “Aida” this afternoon when that Verdi opera is aired at 1 o’clock aver WLWNBC Others in the cast include Ezio Pinza and Arthur Carron, first winner of the Met Auditions of the Air ■“ ”6"6—~ Joan Crawford will play the lead role in “Baby,” an Arch Oboler play to be presented tonight at 7 on WMAQ. —e-e-^ NBC’s “Callmg All Stamp Collectors,” broadcast at 12.15 p m. today, will present a descnption of a $2,000,000 philatelic display in Hollywood The program will also present Adolphe Menjou, screen star and prominent California philatelist, and the man who flew the first mail from Los Angeles to Kansas City Don’t forget, at 4 o’clock this afternoon, the start of an hour of music by Tommy Dorsey and his Meadowbrook orchestra. 73’s for today, more news tomorrow
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School SuppiiM
Risk Dental Clinic DfL PAM. A. RISK DR. Um«R A. tUSK DR. HAROLD J RISK 4th e Main Phono 5701
"DiAC' Everything for a College Education
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine W Lafayette Phone 4965
e Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowen Main at 7th Phone 6050
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST 522 Main St Phone 47^1 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
e jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
IMPORTANT DATES1492 1861-1864 1917-1918 and the date placed in Your Shirt by Crown when it is i[irst laundered.
This dote insures one year's service from that shirt when laundered exclusively by Crown, or replaced with a new one.
Insured
CROWN
Moth Proofing laundn|-Drq Cleanina
Phone 4073 *