“^i .■ %:-
®iie Puffiuc 'mxpanent
I , I ij'.V/.Vv'i , I , '' ,‘j^{i‘K% '--I • ■ Siil
I^ubllshed Dftily by Studentci of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVni
LAEAYETTE, INDIANA, SATUEDAV, NOVEMBER 14, 1936
NUMBER 411
E-UP FACES 10
Tibbett Convo
Changed To Jeff High Gym
Crowd Expected To Exceed Capacity Of University Gymnasium
Jefferson High School gymnasium will be the scene of the third musical convocation of the year, on November 25, which features "Lawrence Tibbett, nationally known American baritone. The change was made because of the large, audience expected, according to a statement by Professor J. T. Gunn, of the modern language department, yesterday. During his career, Tibbett has played in'“Falstaff,” “La Gena Delle Beffe,” “The King’s Henchmen,” “Aida,^’ “Traviata,” “Peter Ibbetson,” “Merry Mout,” and “Emperor Jones.”
Joseph W. Hicks Hits Syndicated Wit And Wisdom
Addresses Sigma Delta Chi Delegates At Convention
Dallas, Texas, Nov. 13. — The trend toward increased use of syndicated material in newspapers is discouraging Joseph W. Hicks, of Chicago, said today in-an address before the delegates to the annual convention of Sigma Delta Chi, professionaf jdiirnalistis! fraternity. He quote"d Tom Wallace, editor of the Louisville Times, as saying, “there are still readers galore who want something more than Lippman’s wisdom or Winchell’s wit; who want more than mere entertainment in their local newspaper; who demand of it friendship, pluck, battlemindedness, knowledge of interest in, and appetite for problems on their doorstep—and problems of the State and the country.”
800 Attend PI A Black Cat Dance
Approximately 400 couples danced to the music of Johnny Ammerman’s orchestra at the P. I. A. Black Cat dance in the Union ballroom last night.
Faculty Members Leave For Land Grant Meeting
Coleman, Reed, And Freeman To Attend Sessions At Houston
Several facility and staff members’^of the University left last night for Houston, Texas, where they will attend the annual meeting of the Land Grant Assoeiation that will start Monday and end Wednesday. T. R, Coleman, assistant director or agricultural extension, will preside''at the annual meeting of Epsilon Sigma Phi, honorary fraternity for extension - workers. He is vice-president qf the organization. Others whb will attend include H. J. Reed, assistant director of the agricultural experiment station and V. C. Freeman, assistant dean of agriculture.
More Rays To Get That
BUCKET!
KappaSigs On Cafeteria Bill
To Stage HUl-Billy Melodrama For Patrons
Kappa Sigma fraternity will present a hill-billy melodrama in the Union cafeteria tomorrow evening at 6:30 o’clock. The play concerns “Grandpap” Jacklin who is busy making bootleg alcohol in the hills of Kentucky. The plot thickens when a peaceful scene between “True Blue Harry,” played by Dick Leslie, and Grandpap’s charming daughter, Helio-' trope, is almost broken up by revenue officer' George Hienes, The officer threatens to stop Grandpap’s business, but “True Blue Harry” saves the dUy. Bill Conron will announce the
program.
Under The Mirror
Book notes from the Browsing Room
Fiction Translated From Other Languages From the Dutch—“The Son Of Marietta,” by John Pabricius, translated by Irene Clephane and David Ha^lett. From the French—“Jean Christophe,” by Remain Rolland, translated by Gilbert Cannan. “Madame Bovary,” by Gustave Flaubert, and translated by Marx Aveling. “Penguin Island,” by Anatole France, translated by A; W. Evans. From the German — “Buddenbrooks,” by Thomas Mann, translated by H. T. Lowe-Porter. From the Norwegian—-“Giants In The Earth,”; by O. E. Rolvaag, translated by the author, “Growth Of The‘*^oil,”‘ by Knut Hansun, and translated by ^Constance Garnett. “Kristan Lavansdater,” by Sigrid Undset, translated by Charles Archer. From the Russian—“Crime And Punishment,” by Dostoievsky, and translated by Canstance Garnett. “Fathers And Sons,” by Ivan S. Turgenev, translated by Constance Garnett. “War And Peace,” by Count Leo Tolstoy, translated by CoPstance Garnett.
Music Room Sponsok^ Second Sunday Program
The music yoofn will sponsor its second Sunday afternoon program tomorow at 4 o’clock, Paul Emerson, freshman engineer pledged to Delta Tau Delta fraternity, will oL fer several piano selections.
When Auto Pulls
Horse - That ^s News
By The Roving Reporter The days of the solid-hoofed, quadruped, long-maned animals are over! Ole Dob^bin can’t take if! The horse usually has to pull the’ car when it breaks down, but yesterday afternoon an automobile was seen pulling an overgrown pony up State street hill.
Faculty Members Speak At Annual Fall Had’s Banquet
University Choir On Program At Indianapolis Dinner Four ifiembers of the University faculty spoke at the annual fall dinner of the -Indianapolis Dad’s Association in Indianapolis Thursday night. Each of the four, Prof. L. M. Sears, head of the history department, Prof. G. A. Young, head the mechanical engineering school, Ward “Piggy” Lambert, head basketl)all coach, and Prof. R. Phillips, of the history, government and economics department, made short talks. Prof. Sears spoke on “The Relations Of Students To Their Fathers,” followed by “Piggy” Lambert who told of his experiences with students in athletics. Prof. G. A. Young told of the history and traditions of Purdue. The toastmaster for the evening was Merritt Rarrison, president ofthe Dad’s Association. The University concert choir of; 28 voices* sang several selections, i
Grid Banquet Set For Nov. 23
John W, Walker, banquet chairman for the Kiwanis Club, announced yesterday that the annual University football banquet sponsored by that organization would be held November 23 at 6:30 p. m. in the Memorial Union Building.
The Kiwanians are dickering for two outstanding speakers for their program. Tickets are being sold at Decker’s, Southworth’s, Deac’s, and also by all Kiwanians.
Ag Profs To Judge At Exposition
Wiancko, Smith, Harper, Cooley To Serve At Chicago Stock Show
Several members of the University faculty have been chosen to judge at the International Livestock Exposition to be held in Chicago November 28 to December 5.
Prof. A. T. Wiancko, chief of the agronomy department, will serve bn the corn judging committee for 'the Grain and Hay Show; ProL W. W. Smith and Prof. Claude Harper, of the animal husbandry department, will place the sheep and hogs in the 4-H club feeding contest; and Prof. R. B. Cooley, also of the animal husbandry department, will judge the Percheron horses and the draft gelding contest.
Northwestern Meni Offer Hints For Inevitable^^ Co-eds-^Anywhere
(4
Evanston, IIL-^(ACP)'—^Perhal>s' the men at Northwestern Univei^sity realize the impossibility of ultimate-! ly^. escaping women. Resigninithemselves to this inevitability,'and trying to facilitate matteys for the girls, they proffey these huinble suggestions, speaking fhr the “Fellow across the hall.”^ Wear a delicate perfunie; other-' wise he’s liable to think there’s a ^tray cat in your pttrBe. Be Nice Be nice to the poor boy. After all it’s his money. Don’t stall him off too long; he might not come around again. When he asks you for a kiss, don't say, “Oh, you’ll spoil my make-up.” I:^ you do he’s apt to really spoil your whole make-up.
BOILERMAKERS ATTEMPT TO HIT COMEBACK TRAIL TODAY
V » Regular Backfield Starts; Game To Be Broadcast By WSUI At 2 /i.m.
Wear a good, flavored lipstick, and, by all means, one that conies off. He likes to show it to the boys when he gets home. Don’t Don’t order milk when the others are having high-balls. Order coffee. He’ll stay nicer longer. Don’t introduce him to the housemother till you’ve closed the door behind him. He might leave you both at the steps. Don’t take his frateimity pin seriously. Be doesn’t. Don’t say “good night” at 12:30 on a one o’clock night. He’s liable to say “goodbye” to you. Don't talk about other fellows lyhen you’re with him. Men are funny abqut that.
PURDUE Steward Schreyer Burmeister Humphrey Graves Fitzgerald Stephenson Cody Isbell Stalcup Drake Cecil Isbell
PROBABLE LINEUP POSITION LE LT LG IZZZZZrgZZIZZ RT RE QB LH RH FB
IOWA Lannon DeHeer .Liggett OsmalosM Farroh Walker Harris Bowlin Eicherly Simmons Hild
By W. H. Fifleld A change in the lineup of the Purdue squad in its game against the Iowa Hawks this afternoon at Iowa City is expected with the idea of showing some of the first team that it is not exactly essential that they play in all the games. Not more than 15,000 people are expected to attend the game; although some interest'
was stirred up by the so-called publicity stunt pulled by Ozzie Simmons and Solem. The game will be broadcast by station WSUI at 2 p. m., C. S. T. Regular Backs To Start The regular first team backfield will probably start intact with the two Isbells, Stalcup, and Drake. The
The team wiU return tomorrow at 12:26 p.; m. to the Big Four station. Walt Burnell asks' that sororities and fraternities have dinner at 12:30 to postthat have dinner at 12:30 to postpone it until 1 o’clock to allow everyone to meet the team at the station.
newcomers in the foiward wall are Steward and Stephenson, ends; Humphrey, center; and Fitzgerald, tackle. The mixup between the Iowa star, Ozzie Simmons, and the coach, Ossie Solem, is expected to have stirred up the Iowa varsity players just enough to make them give the Boilermakers a teal battle. This is Iowa’s last conference game of the season and Simmon’s last gridiron battle at home.
L.H.Thife To Manage Purdue Egg Show
Members of the committee fdr the twenty-ninth annual Pu|due Egg Show were chosen at.fhe^^^gular meeting of the Poultry UluL Thursday night. The manager will be L. H. Thie, the assistant manager, Rex Davis; Ray . Burger^ \^11 handle awards, J. C. Dibble, exhibits, and S. B. Swann, publicity; * The Egg Show will be hhld. during the first week or May,, and any freshmen or sophomores «?ho would like to work af this activity may contact one of the abuve meiphiers of the executive committee.
annoub'
Pi Kappa Phi Pi Kappa Phi
pledging of R. C. Gullion, E* ^ I’o, and P. .A. Forter, ali<^ .West Lafayette. ’ -.'j -
. Moh-
JUST FAIR^
By^Tempy
£x|ion«Qt'Weather
College Teams Judge Here
Five States Participate In Practice Contest
Livestock judging teams from five colleges were on the campus yesterday practicing, for the International Livestock Exposition which is to be held- in Chicago from November 28to December 6. - / * The teams took advantage of the University’s beef cattle, horses, hogs, and sheep in preparing for the annual LitercoUegiate Livesioi^ Judging Contest held in connection with the exposition.
Hill Plays For Mixer Ton^t
Tonight’s regular mixer will fea-
ture the music of Harry “Tiny” Hilt
and. his orchestic^; playing'in the‘ ballrooih of the Union Buildini;,' with, the decorations for the Military Ball ^tilf providing the ondiesttA badk'grotmd. Miss Ida Poster HVtfi'render the vocals for Tiny’s organization.
Pi Play ^ftnimi Tpuchhad Game
"The;se^nd annual'ni|M touchball game'%etween the actiyes and pledges of Pi Kappa Phi Eternity oWas. played yester^!^%vening undli* lig]^t^*i6lr the^.^eid back of t^'^chapt^ house.->The actives won 8 to 1, for their second victory in, as many games.
Pqur fioodlighfe ;plaeed on top of |ho'^houi§e furnish^ ample light for the players, and the use of a football painted white made wndltions resemble daylight' playing. Participants -pronounced the game
the' success and plan to conUnue.the
sOi;ies in futin^ years*
%
“I-O-W-A-Y ... LO-W-4'T^. • * that’s where fhe tall corn |^ws?* So what? They^tell me there’s a guj^ named “Oze” who plays on'a teE
from that state. He
sidered a -wizard of “Oze” to some people, hnt judging the Rross reports this it looks s^^ Jh^^ were a Wt "JealTOze.’i’-lmsmy t%rgb to loway because thei^,tfan^ wiU
get beat pretty had. '
stand the burner (? J above ^.. the weathm* will be fair. . .. "
; Miss
herself , .Eglan(fa oldest working ^girl,” has worked aih^the. Sabconvitte; B4ass4 cariNL f#^y „ ^ ;:^;;'.63 y^is. she stiR ports to'her Joh each Sb^ .| has never 'seenAa.mh^e,.,- "K • "‘t* Z
rittfiWtew
iuiiiiiigtAHI" ii-'
THE PUEEIJE E3CH5Ni
Saturday; N.ov0iiifibei*,14» 1936
Next Week The advertisers of commercial products have developed a novel way of aggregating the sale of their products by designating ^rtain weeks in which to boom their sales. For example, this week is National Fur Week, National Cheese Week, and National Buckwheat Week. The idea is that during one particular week in the year, the retail merchants lead their customers to believe that the patriotic thing to do is to buy furs, cheese and buckwheat, or whatever product that week is dedicated to. The widespread development of the idea indicates that it is stimulating business. If the business men can reach their goals by naming a week after their product, why couldn’t the same method be applied to football ? For instance, next week could be called “Get-That-Bucket-Week” or “Beat iindihna Week.” From November 14 to November 21 would be dedicated to that most important cause—bringing the Old Oaken Bucket back to its na,tural resting place. All true Boilermakers would bend their efforts to cheer up the boys on the team, to encourage them whenever seen on the campus; and next Saturday they would go out to the stadium and root for Purdue at the top of their voices. That would be National Get-That-Bucket Week, and the results would be a fighting varsity and a victory over Indiana.—W. M. A. Green Potters Last fall the Student Senate accepted the constitution presented by Green Potter representatives and made it an officially recognized campus organization on six months’ probation. Up to that time the Potters, under a temporary chairman, had held seven meetings, arranged a program for all freshmen, and drawn up their constitution. Then, after being officiallly recognized, the rhinie organization held an election of officers and promptly died on its feet. No more was heard from it for the rest of the year. What happened? The well known Triad pushed its men into office at the election and then didn’t do anything for the organization. The constitution specifically requires a meeting at least every two weeks. No meetings were held after the election. This year again the Green Potters tried to get started. Several meetings have been held and officers have been elected. BUT—^those officers were elected October 20 and nothing has been done since. Unless the freshmen wake up and make something of their own organization, it will collapse. Freshmen: Organize yourselves and hold regular Green Potter meetings. They offer opportunities for making the acquaintance of your classmates'; and a good organization for frosh could take its place with sophomore Skull and Crescent and Gimlet and Reamer honoraries.—H. I. S.
Co-operatives
Cooperative ventures, due to the stimulus of current economic conditions, have come rapidly to the front in the last three or four years as more and more persons come to see the advantages of various cooperative movements. From a meager start in a midwestefn college where someone pioneeted a cooperative home for college students, cooperative houses, restaurants, recreational centers, and small business enterprises have sprung up in a large portion of the colleges and universities throughout the country. This year, with some assistance from outside sources, including advice from the Indiana Farm Bureau, a well established cooperative organization, twenty men students organized an experimental cooperative venture here. Ten women are also operating a house under a similar scheme. Living under their own rules, participating in their own organization; and abiding by the requests of their sqlf-elected leaders, these groups have homes of their own offering more than mere room and board, for $20 per month. Tasks about the house are so divided that each member works, on an average, about five hours per week. Thus, by employing an eye for business, a
bit of ingenuity, and doing some real work* these persons believe that they have worked out a partial solution to the perplexing problem of college finance. To be sure, the movement here is experimental, but surely if such an organization can enable students to maintain a good living standard and yet save from one-third to onehalf on living expenses for a four year period, that organization has a place in any college community.—L. S. H; , ;. " ' - - ^ ■
The Exponent welcomes comments of pood taste, and reasonable length from its readers.
exponent
Founded in 1883
Member of National College Press Association. Big Ten Bditorial Association
Ente^ as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.50 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
_ main OFFICE—812 North Fifth street Biisiness Phone 6038 Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
«... . - BDITOBIAL STAFF
llditor-in-Chief ; ...w. t. Hunt
—E. H, Morris
Associate J^itors.... K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, ' B. P. Maaloa, C. L. Sadler
- 8POBTS STAFF
Sports Editor.......... Assoelate BporU Editors....
L. D. Wood
W. H. Flfteld, S. B. Griffiths,
B. F. Obenchain
. ■ BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager— K. J. Hulse National Advertising Manager... ....; ”l' h Brown Mverming Manager.. ZI..D. C. Miller CircHlatfan Manager..—.. j. p. Girard. ■— Helen Creech BditQn^.af.aee.ary. .aa^aJ€BKine JanouBck, Doris McCartney, ' ' jgliaiabetb-Fyke Disue Slditor—'L, S. Hardm^ ^ ^ ^ ^
Smoking And Grass To jthe Editor: A few weeks ago, an important meeting was held in Fowler Hall with various student organizations in attendance. Since that time when the “no smoking” situation was discussed, a real stride has been taken in the appearance of our campus. Especially, it will be noticed, that the condition of the corner between the Physics Building and Purdue Hall has been materially improved. No cigarette butts can be seen scattered about the bare ground, or at least very few butts. And that brings up two points. First, there are always a few students (we hope not faculty members) who like to buck the majority just for the competition, or who just don’t care to cooperate. Herein lies the reason for the few scattered cigarette stubs, representing the ever-present minority which refuses to support a worthwhile tradition and to consider experienced advice from old faculty members and fellow students. For the information of freshmen, every example set by your upperclassmen is not always a good one! The class of ’40 can set a higher example for future Boilermakers by showing the pace to the prei&ent student body. As an outgrowth of the revival of the “no smoking” tradition, perhaps there will be an outgrowth of grass on that same corner by the Physics Building. It seems that for several years the smokers have been too much for even slight outcroppings of grass from the hard-packed dirt at that place. Smoking calls for companionship, which in turn draws a collection of students too much for the capacity of the sidewalk. In a recent article of the Exponent there was a statement to this effect: “A true Boilermaker never walks on the grass.” Let it be said that grass grows, or, as is the case now, tries to grow, about the edges of sidewalk corners. Last year there was a revival of the “no smoking” problem and an attempt to enforce the tradition of not smoking on the University campus. Nearly each year a pass is made in this direction, but it always seems to die away after a month or two. Why can’t the same organizations that met in Fowler Hall, with the cooperation of all students, enforce the tradition and make it mean something throughout this and subsequent years ? —A. B. K.
Editor’s Note: It is very true that there is a connection between no smoking and the growth of grass in certain formerly popular smoking areas. It is also very true that smoking increases the danger of fires. But the best argument for the no smoking tradition is still that of honor. Honor, school spirit, love of school, or whatever it is called, is the thing which differentiates a live, cooperative school from a diploma mill.
BY CADWALLADER The ExpoNfrit wi/l not assume ’resfonsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
The bowling alley was scene of —BILL STEVENS during bowling meet between Thetas and Ward 1 last night stated, “A kiss for every Theta strike,”—^the Thetas didn’t try VERY hard but JEAN WHITNEY and JANE ANDERSON could n6t help it because all the pins fell down—the pay-off took place at the bottom of the bowling alley stairs—the count for Whitney’s presentation was 15 seconds—ANOERSON did better as Jfar as time was concerned—she gave him two —first lasted 25 seconds—second lasted 40 seconds—STEVENS comment w:as, “ANDERSON had the quantity, but WHITNEY had the quality.” ... Beta DON WILSON, who just arrived from the South yesterday, where he has been newshounding, plankdd his shield oh Chi O TUBBS last evening^—he Was only in town about an hour before the pinning took place ... Phi Pi Phi Prexy “Swede” OLSEN is a chiseler of the first water —he put out his pin during the summer and gave cigars to about four fellows who were in summer school—now he won’t come through for the regular brothers—another member of the “I want to be a cheap pin putter outer” club—what does the Rosary College gal who is to be here this week-end have to say about this ???... CLASSIFIED— Lost^—Sabre chain, between the Union Building and the Pi Phi house. Call McCANDLESS, 3904. (Ed. Note: Playing soldier again BRUCE ? ? ? Wanted—Information concerning the pretty ballet dancer at 42 Salisbury street. (Call the boys in the “Bivouac,” 40 Salisbury street) . . . SEEN ON THE CAMPUS— JENNIE BOSCO and LILLIE KNIGHT running along by the library . i .; everyohb try*"? student directories ; . a group of Phi Delts walking along and saying “Hello” to themselves as they walk along ... JUNE STEWART bumping into everything that happens to be in bumping distance ... GABBY ROE yelling because her name appeared in the column . . . EMMY SCHOLER and MARTHA REED driving down State street about 3 o’clock .... the usual week-eiid crowd headed towqrd the BLAZER for the cocktail hour ... MARS PASSES OUT This week’s little MARS jobbies go to V. W.—collect them at the Union desk at noon today—there will be two more MARS passes given out next Saturday so start turning in your dope or doit or what...
GRIN And bear it
By Lichty
$ 19S8 bj VnlUd FcatttM 8ji!id(eAt«, tM,
“Any old junk today, Boss ?’
I don’t mind the lecturer Who rambles in his talk. But save me from the prof Who always squeaks his chalk. ■—fileCtuestion: ARE YOU MARRIED, TRCKA??? BILL GILLIAN is quite an artist —at least his cellophane clothed naodel of the ideal co-ed was fairly good—if any co-ed is, interested in seeing What the typical co-ed should look like see EDNA SCHWAB of Alpha Fuzzie fame . . . JAKE BROWNING didn’t get enough of New York last week-end so he is going back again this weekend—there seems to be a very lovely gal on the other end—he now thinks that he is in love again and is betting 9 to 1 that he will get married on this trip—maybe ? ? . . Psychology class: Quote SAL SCHAAF: “Everyone falls in and out of love at least 26 times • . WALPOLE had a little girl And wherever BOBBY WALPOLE went LIBBY, you were there, too.
Merry-Go-Round
Every time any organization or group wants to make money or have a good time it throws a dance. Eveiiy Friday night and every Saturday night there is at least one dance on the campus, and usually several. There, is nothing wrong with dances or dancing; it is a very pleasurable and not too tiring indoor sport. But variety is the spice of life. If only dances were intermingled with other forms of entertainment—^parties, for example, in which everyone present participates. But there is often the money angle to be considered, and there seems to be no better way to make money than to throw a dance, especially if it is an annual affair with a reputation. “^It has been suggested that Purdue men are sissies because all they can seem to think of in the way of entertainment is dancing. This is hot true, as any real Boilermaker will immediately proclaim. Dances are the most popular, because they are always available, take little time in preparation, and because dancing is “the thing to do.” Just the same, there are ihany students who are tired of the eternal round of dances—the merry-go-round, it might be termed. Novelty dances and parties sponsored by a very few organizations add a bit of variety, bqt not enough.
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELP-Government. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees, 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular electioiis./
Learn to Dance By Enrolling in Our NEW BEGINNERS’ CLASS For Ladies and Gentlemen WED., NOV. 18, 7:00 p, m. Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
the student body is a flop—affording to JACK COLE, who so nobly led, or at least worked hard, at leading yells at the station Thursday during the team send-off-—^it seems (Continued on page 3)
A R €
SUNDAY
MONDAY
MYRNA LOY ROBERT MONTGOMERY in “Petticoat Fever” — also JANET GAYNOR HENRY FONDA in ‘Farmer Takes a Wife”
LAST TIMES TODAY
“Wildcat Saunders”
‘Alias Mary Dow’
serial
SPORTREEL
15c Double Feature 15c
Last Times Today
“THE MYSTERIOUS Plus MR. WONG” “THE with . DEVIL Bela Lugrosi ON HORSEWallace BACK” with Ford Lila Damita,' Arline _ Fred Keaton, Del Judge Campo, Jean Chatbum, Tiffany Thayer COMING! Sun. Mon. Tues. Wed. Starting -nite TONITE 11:30 p. m.
Tjfiey hunted'icauiumies andi found mammiesi with ■ Barbuta Pepper, Moroni Olsen, Frank M. Thomas, Willie BestSattirday^ November 1,4,19S6
tHB PURBUE EXPONENT
All America xRatings
By CHRISTY WALSH Member All-America Board of Football
f
ielder’s....
choice
By Bob Valpple
About this time a year ago^ a few courageous football writeVs were singing the praise? of a football player with a local reputation, at that time bowling over the gridiron foes of George Washington i University. Not even Berwang^r or Shakespeare or Grayson excelled ,him in the art of pigskin manipulation. But “Tuffy” Leemans had one great weakness in his bid for gridiron fame—he was playing for a so-called “small college.” Behold “Tuffy” Leemans today, crowding Nagurski for his throne, as the greatest back in football! Major oposition will always remain the proving ground and determining factor in All America competition, but mindful of Mr. Leemans, this column lends a sympathetic ear to the telegrams, letters, and long distance calls regarding players from the minor circuits, of whom some are included below:
DEUTSCH—St.Benedict's College (Kansas). End. Listen' to this from Gene Kemper, football referee and sports editor of the Topeka Daily Capital: “This t'wo hundred pound captain is the greatest end in this part of the country. Impregnable on defense he .is the outstanding factor in his team’s undefeated season. Snagged two passes from opposition’s hands on' Saturday and raced 80 yards for touchdowns." (Note: A former Notre Dame star rated Deutsch above Milner). FUREY—Columbia University. Quarterback. Cool, collected, and determined—^he piloted a losing team in commendable fashion. Outstanding defensive star against Dartmouth's powerful thrusts, he played 59 minutes and sicored two touchdowns. -Fnrey weighs 169 pounds, hits hard, and runs with fine change of pace. STARCEVICH—Washington. Guard. R. Brougham, Seattle Post-|ntel]igencer, insists that Starcevich is the best guard in the coast conference. .He was outstanding against Stanford, and Brougham rates him over Goddard, Washington State and Bjork, Oregon'. The noted Seattle sports-writer says Starcevich has passed Haines as the best ball player on Washington’s bowlbound squad. SHARP—«New York University. ’ End. His o-wn Coach, Dr. Mai Stevens, pays Sharp the complimOnt of rating him close to "Choo-choo" Train, Yale’s tamous end. He has consistently spilled interference directed at his post including Ohio State’s best attack, and although deibated by Carnegie, he upset the Bkibo bdSks repeatedly. On one occasion Sharp spilled tnree men and nailed the Carnegie ball-carrier. SHOCKEY—Texas A. & M. Halfback. A Card of Merit is awarded to this splendid halfback because the daring and precision of his left-handed passing was the spectacular keynote in the first Aggie victory over Southern Methodist since 1925. NoW for its own aerial attack, S. M. U. was “grounded” and confounded b,y Shockey’s sharpshooting. LONDE—Missouri. Quarterback. Ed Cochrane, Kansas City Journal Post and veteran gpridiron official, calls Londe one of the best field generals in .the west. His running and passing was the chief factor in defeat of St. Louis University in a close, hard game Londe, barely tipping 160 imunds, is an inspiring captain and a wise signal-caller. HERWIG—California. Center. Sid Ziff, Los Angeles Herald-Express, ever watchful scout for this column, wires emphatically: “By outplaying his chief rival, Kuhn of the Trojans, Herwig bepomes the west coast’s leading nominee for All America. He backs np the line on defense, and his deadly tackling halted ’TrOly’s running plays. His passing was flawless and he grabbed a lateral pass for a touchdown. GILBERT—^Auburn. Center. Rated best center in south by Bob Phillips, Birmingham, News, Gilbert receives a Card of Merit for his magnificent battle against Georgia Tech. Auburn was outplayed but Gilbert’s inspirational leadership turned the tide of victory. This durable captain played 60 minutes against Tech, the sixth straight game in which he has played without relief. TOLL—Princeton. Tackle. Bob Whiting, Patterson Call, rates Toll for All America consideration because his smashing play was an outetanding factor in the win over Cornell. “This young giant,” AYhiting’s report reads, “tore holes in Cornell’s line, brought down runners and scattered interference on nearly every play.” He was down under punts ahead of his ends and never missed a tackle.” HARDY—Georgetown. Center. Here is another pivot player with emphatic local backing. “Lawrence ‘Red’ Hardy has played All America ball all season,” wires Tince Flaherty, Washingrton Herald. He has intercepted 26 passes this season, four against Virginia last week, turning one into a touchdown by running 30 yards and lateralling to a teammate for the score. ' LE'WIS—Clemson. Center. Jimmy Burns of the Atlanta Georgian demands a Card of Merit for this pivot star because he stayed in four full quarters despite a painful injury, helping his team defeat Georgia Tech week before last, 14 to 18. According to Burns, Lewis wrecked the opponents best plays and proved himself a center of major caliber. (Copyright 1936)
•f -f
-k ‘k ‘f
All Campus—
♦ -f -f TENNIS > ‘k —TODAY—
> ‘k -k -k
■k 4- ,+ ♦
1:00 O’clock Coojmr vs.' Alexander or Blessing, / 2:00 O’clock Chapline vs. win'ner of above match. Freshmen— 1:00 O’clock Chapline or Hebbler vs. 'Cooper or Al-
exander.
Sophomore— 1:00 O’clock Lownie vs. Oyler. Blitz 'VS. Richardson. Frazier vs. Duhart. Fulwider vs. Foxworthy or Waid. i;:00 O’clock ' Winner Lownie vs, Oyler vs. Winner Blitz vs. Richardson. Winner Frasier vs. Duhart vs. Winner Fulwider vs Foxworthy or Waid.
4->-k‘f4-4--k‘k4-'-k4-SOFTBALL •k4-4-‘k'f^4-’k-k-k‘k ' Monday I'D—Delta Upsilon "ys. Sigma Chi. Official, Battling. 14—A-2 vs, E-2 or B-1. Official, Gillis
We received a very nice letter yesterday morning from Purdue’s ticket manager, C. S. “Pop” Doan, explaining his side of the ticket problem . . . his explanation was a great deal like the side of the question that we introduced yesterday morning ... we agree ticket sales are a big problem, and our criticism was meant to be purely constructive . . . —fc— The main thing is this . . . one game a year is set aside for our DADS, and there shouldn’t be anything too good for them, including the seats at the game ... it -would be nice to have a section for thema .section that would include a large percentage of them . . . there are many objections, on the other hand, for setting aside a group of the better seats ,.. one being that there are too many guys in school that would purchase these seats for themselves, but that is just one of many problems . . . —fc— Perhaps an average over a period of ten DAD’S DAY games could be taken, and that number set aside for DAD’S for a previously and nounced limited time . . . this way the students would have an opportunity to purchase seats in the desired sections for their Dads, and the ticket sales would have the added security of the time limit, to be set at their decision . , . —^fc— That’s only one thing, and the problem is a large one ... we will drop it, and thank you. Pop Doan, for your side of the question . . . —^fc— All of the conference teams are in action today, including four in-ter-conference scraps ... maybe we will score high again this wek-end .... we guessed all right but the Boilermakers on November 7. . . —^fc— Indiana at Chicago , . . looks like an easy Crimson victory by two or more touchdowns . . . —^fc— ' Ohio State at Illinois . . . the Buckeyes have slipped this season, but they still' have enough left to tie up the Illini offense . . . State by thirteen points . . . —fc— Northwestern at Michigan . . the Wildcats are playing away from home^nd in the past two weeks they may have developed a bad case of over-confidence . . , however, they should easily out-score the Wolverines by twenty points, and thereby bring home the Western Conference championship . . . —^fc— University of Texas at Minnesota .. . Minnesota by 10 points . . . —^fc— Cincinnati at Wisconsin . . . after the offensive showing against the Wildcats last week, the Badgers should go a long ways in the tilt with the Cincinnati eleven . . . Wisconsin by twenty points. . . —^fc— Our Boilermaker game will be a thriller . . : Iowa’s slogan is “Beat Purdue,” and it is the team’s -yirish to make the Hawkeyes “eat them thar words ...”
drid Career Over For Indiana Star
Indiana football captain, Chris Dal Sasso, will not be in any more games this season. Due to a battered knee he must remain out of uniform. -The injuries were received in the,Indiana-Chicago game November 14.
LETS BEAT IOWA
CHRISTMAS SEALS HGHT TUBERCULOSIS
Please Buy and Use Them
Gf^
ill
Invitees
fig®
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS to ENJOY IN COMFORT
JUST DOWNSTAIRS AT THE EAST ENTRANCE
• Delicious Food • Courteous Service • Reasonable Prices
Breakfast 7:30 to 10:30 Luncheon 11:30 to 1:00 Dinner 5:30 to 7 ;00
Sandwiches Thai Are Different 7:30 P. M. to Closing
COMPLETE FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Boilermaker Hawk Series In Deadlock
Botli Have Won 7 Contests In 14 Game Series
By J. S. Brown With the settlement of the differences between “Ozzie” Simmons and “Ossie” Solem out in Iowa City, the question of who will win in today's game, overshadowed somewhat by the events of the past few days, again comes to the fore. A glance at scores of previous contests, although not necessarily a prognistication of the game’s outcome, brings out some interesting facts. Of the 14 contests since 1910, each team has won seven. The Boilermakers didn’t show up so well in the first seven games, as is sho-wn by the fact that the Hawkeyes won in six out of seven starts up to 1923. Prom then on, however, the Gold and Black gridders turned the tables by winning six out of the next seven games. Chance To Break Tie TodRy’s game, therefore, will not only be the deciding factor as to whether Purdue finishes in the upper bracket of the Big Ten race, but also offers a chance to break the “games won” deadlock. The scores in the series thus far
- f ■'
, '{■MM'
B&B
tlemeit lit iMa Htfle irmti COLE^ JIM JUMP, and ED DEEE-£E-by tlm way GREBES and date were dmng fine as they wtadertA into the Pi Phi dance last niglki,,,.
'li:
The Fi Gems were honored by the eminent presence of a certain person last night—^the after din>ner speeches were very appropriate and good lessons for all worthy members , . .
Whatever possessed DAVE M-EACHAM to appear at the P. I. A. dance last night dressed as a gorgeous damsel—according to all reports his flaming red hair eaptivated the crowd—^his slim, graceful, and lithe figure entranced the boys—his attractive profile entranced all—^his charm, grace, and personality was the talk of the evening—Ha-Ha....
Police car radios in Minneapolis recently boomed forth: “Calling all cars! Calling all cars! Be on the lookout for a stolen auto—Squad car No. 10 is missing.”
1910—Purdue,
0; Iowa,
16.
1911—Purdue,
0; Iowa,
11.
1915—Purdue,
19; Iowa,
13.
1916—^Purdue,
6; Iowa,
24.
1921—Purdue,
6; Iowa,
13.
1922—Purdue,
0; Iowa,
66.
1923—Purdue,
0; Iowa,
7.
1929—Purdue,
7; Iowa,
P.
1930—Purdue,
20; Iowa,
0.
1931—Purdue,
22; Iowa,
0.
1932—Purdue,
18; Iowa,
0.
1933—Purdue,
6; Iowa,
14.
1934—Purdue,
13; Iowa,
6.
1936—Purdue,
12; Iowa,
6.
4- 4- 4- 4“ 4-
■ 4- 4- -f
4-
TOUCHBALL
Monday Field 1— Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Offiicial, Abell. 2— ^Beta Theta Pi vs. Theta Xi. Official, Martin. 3— Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Official, Kerber. 4— Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Phi Delta Theta or Phi Kappa Sigma. Official,' Bartling. 5— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Official, Gaulke. 6— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Theta Chi. Official, Taylor.
naan
SUNDAY - MONDAY
/bobebJ YoRB*®:
Final Today
Double Feature
JACK HALEY «Mr. Cinderella’ — and — RALPH BELLAMY
‘Wild Brian Kent’
'At Last On the^Screen! The Biggest and Biggest-Selling Novel of Modem Times! 495,000 of the most exciting words ever set on paper now flame into 412 of the most thrilling scenes ever thrown on the screen... as Warner Bros, film the worldfamous novel that took 4 years to writel
Warner Bros, Present
RNTH0N9 ADVERSE
Bs
HERVEY ALLEN Slarrint FREDRIG MARCH fyith a Cast •/ 2AfS Playart, liicltuliiti Olivia De HAVILLAND ANITA LOUISE DONALD WOODS EDMUND GWENN CLAUDE RAINS LOUIS HAYWARD G«I* Soaihr<iHid • SMi Duft • BUly Htwk • Akia Ttmltair • Blips Mar(u i Hliw O’NiiU
ALL WEEK
Starting Tomorrow
LUMA
Final To GUY KIDDKE - SYUlii JASON, “The Captain’s Ktd*? SOfi^^xOVNG ' In ‘"The Longest Night”
^ i;
ir’''V. r ff’" o<.^ { *■ i '■' 1^*' '■''
'/ J J
--I 1 - ■>
’ )! t I !>/•
}^^g£2SL
tHB PURDUjj EXP6NRNT
Sfttttfdftyt N0V6tMibe^l4,1636 y i
DELTA GAMMA CHAPTER of
KAPPA KAPPA GAMMA
cordially invites you to attend a
Formal Open House
Sunday, November 15 nineteen hundred and thirty-six from two to six
JSy OUVK SCHATZLEV
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well j Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. | Opposite Post Office t
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. pOBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
r
' KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlockc. Anto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Scobee't REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
' -■■■ -'MIKII.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Lost—^V. & E. Vector slide rule with name G. W. Cleaveland on case. Reward. Phone 7026.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St^ Phone
2779.
Lost—Parker fountain pen with name engraved. Call Romayne. 45102. Reward.
Apartment for 4 or 5 men students, 203 University street.
Bought from the Telford estate here in town last week: beautiful China, old glass, brass, copper, pewter, silver, and etc. Things that would make lovely Christmas gifts. See them at Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. 5th St.
ROTC Boxing Now Underway Over Thirty Aspirants Try Out For Team
R. 0. T. C. boxing tryouts are now under way in the Memorial Gymnasium under the direction of Coach C. E. “Punchy” Maxwell each evening after school. Although there are now between 35 and 40 aspirants trying out for positions. Coach Max well stated that there is still room for men that care to try out, especially in the heavyweight division. Members of last year’s team who have reported are: Trcka, last year welterweight champion; Record, 175 pound class; and Markey, 112 pound division. Other outstanding men, according to Coach Maxwell, are: Rose, 112 pounds; Steelman, 118-pound class; Carl Mann and Hardesty in the 126pound division; Certucha, of Mexico, 135-pound class; and EsteiTine and Lyles, welterweights. Elimination bouts will begin about the first of December and continue until the entire squad has been chosen.
Engineers at Lehigh U. recently used a home-made centrifugal pump controlled by a photo-electric cell to automatically draw cider from £ cask.
THE
1
Catholic Students—The Newman Club will receive ''communion tomorrow at the 9:30 Mass at St. Mary’s Church. Father Pursley, who recently visited the Orient, will address the group. Methodist Students—The Co-ed class will meet as usual at the Foundation House to continue the study of the “Life Of Jesus” from the book of Mark. All girls are asked to bring their Bibles in order to co-operate to the fullest extent. The Men’s class will meet at the Church to be lead by Reverend McFadden in discussion of “World Peace.” The regular fellowship hour and supper will be held at 5 o’clock. Everybody is invited to join in this hour of good fellowship and fun The subject at Epworth League will be “Cempulsory Military Training,” led by Lome Doud and Bill Johnston. At 8:30 o’clock the Wesley Players will present “The Passing Of The Third Floor Back” in Jefferson High School auditorium. This drama is a great religious play of a decade ago and marks the beginning of the Preaching Mission here. There is no admission charge, but an offering will be taken to defray the cost of production. Baptist Students—Prof. F. A. Cummings will teach the Roger Williams Club at 9:30. Church service at 10:35. Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason will speak on “The Man Who Played God.” Roger Williams Club will meet for social hour, lunch, and discussion group at 5:30 p. m. During social hour, Lester Purcell will show moving pictures of his trip to Europe. Roy Kelly has charge of the discussion group and will talk on “The Youth And World Peace.” No evening services will be held. The church is co-operating with the Union meeting at Jefferson High School. Christian Church—Prof. Frank R. Hall will speak to the students class at 9:30. In the church services at 10:30, Rev. J. N. Jessup will preach a sermon entitled, “The Immortality Of Righteousness.” The Christian Endeavor social hour will begin at 5:30, with a luncheon at 6 o’clock. The regular discussion will be under the direction Canneth Sarl4s. The evening services are to be omitted in favor of the play given by the Wesley Foundation Players at Jefferson High School. Episcopal Students—Dean* Dorothy Stratton will address the meeting of the Young People’s Fellowship at 7 p. m. tomorrow even ing. Supper will be served at 6 p. m. Morning services at 8 and 10:45 a. m. Presbyterian Students—A program of unusual interest will be of fered at the Sunday Evening Club this week. Miss Rachel Benfer, who has had quite unusual contacts with the Spanish speaking people of New Mexico and Arizona, will be the speaker. The program follows the supper and social hour. Supper will be served at 6:15. Holy communion will be admin istered at the morning service at 10:45. The student discussion groups will be-held in the student rooms of the church and led by Dr. Graves and Mr. Findley at 9:30.
BUICK
for 1937 Shows Its Hand
FOUR ACES THE LIMITED THE ROADMASTER THE CENTURY THE SPECIAL * In these cars Buick engineers have combined beauty,^ economy, safety and power. With these features do you wonder why every one is saying ^'irs iUICK AGAIN"
City Servke|Motor
Corp.
UN. istst.
Phone 3401
Lafayette/ Ind.
Household Notes-"
1
Without sfeep, haggard lines, dark shadows beneath the eyes, a dull listless expression, and a constant nervous tension prevail—all detracting from natural beauty. A wai*m bath and complete relaxation will do much for a fatigued condition. It is possible to rest without sleep if the mind is cleared and the body relaxed.
Rub a thin line of garlic around the sides of a bowl before putting in potatoes salad or salad dressing. It adds a tang without dominating the flavor.
Although housewives may realize that a pinch of salt helps the flavor of fruit pies, how many know that a pinch of sugar brings out the flavor of vegetables ?
YOU'LL WANT NEW CLOTHES FOR THE HOLIDAYS dnd you'll get much rVidre satisfaction wearing them when fhey'te MADE TO YOUR INDIVibUAL MEASUREMENTS Styles and Woolens such as are worn RIGHT NOW at the leading eastern universities are available to you at prices quife reasonable. For example—New Wide Herring Bone Saxony—3 button at $32.50.
124 N. SIXTH ST.
OPPOSITE THE MARS
tterly Different... Vastly Better
HATS CLEANED and BLOCKED
50c
Crown Cleaning is different from ordinary cleaning because a Crown Cleaned Suit is moth proofed at the time it is cleaned by the MONITE moth-proofing process. NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR TfcBS SERVICE.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p.
Tau B«ta Pi—Pledge themes and bents are due Friday, November 20. —WIRTH.
Purdue Engineer—All subscribers to the Purdue Engineer who have not received the October issue may receive their copies by calling the Engineer office at the Union between 4 and 6 p. m. —JONES.
W. A. A. Leaders—Sign up in Women’s Gym if you are going to W. A. A. cabin November 14, fiom 2 to 5 o’clock. —HALSTEAD.
Union Thanksgiving Show: All Participants—Report to Union ballroom November 14 at 1 p. m. —JACOBSON.
A. S. M. E. Members—Debris picture to to be taken Tuesday, November 17 at 8:30 in the faculty lounge of Union Building. —WELDY.
A. I. E. E. OfficeA—Meeting November 14 at 4 p. m —WEARLY. Chi Omega—Uhe Chi Omega Motheis’ Club will meet at the chapter house, 402 Waldron street, November 16 at 2:80 p. m. —MARQUIS.
A. I. Ch. E.—^Debris picture will be taken November 17 at 7:80 p. m. in the faculty lounge All Chemical engineers are urged to sign up for membership at the Purdue Engineer office before that time. —CHANDLER
Sophomore Mechanicals—Any sophomore interested in the ASME report to the Mechanical Engineering Building, room 110, at 4 p. m , November 17. —WOLVERTON.
Mohiman Debate—Important meeting of team managers in Union debate office at 4 p. m., November 16. —PERRY.
Purdue Engineer—All students on sales meet in the Engineer office November 17 at 4 p. m. Bring your white cards. —JONES.
Newman Club—Communion November 15 in St. Mary's at the 8:30 Mass —CARTON.
Union Workers—The following men report in the Union workshop at 4 p. m., November 16: Jacobi, Stepath, Skinner, Disterdick. Hoof, Kingsley, Nicoll, Thompson, Millholland, Mansfield, Brenman, Fielding, Keck, McGhee and Quinn. —CLAYPOLE, FITTS. Our committees report to Union workshop at 4 p. m. November 16. —SCATTERDAY, REID. The following men report in the Union office at 4 p. m., November 16: Busch, Poor, Taylor, Lewis, Case, Hill, Lauer, Meyers, Samuelson. —WIEGANDT. Our committees will meet in the Union office at 4 p. m. November 16. —SHEETS, MYTINGER. My committee will meet in the Union office at 12:45 November 14. Bring fountain pens. —RIETH
Speedball—Speedettes vs> Field Frogs on November 16, at 4 o’clock —ELLIS
Pi Tau Sigma—Actives vs. faculty in a golf match November 14. Meet in Mechanical Building at 1 o’clock. —BUENTING
TIm thinUnr fellow calla A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAX'! CAB Black Cara for Special Occaaiona Z5e per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Go Where Everybody Goes THE MANHATTAN for Big 5c Spanish Hamburgers and Real Chili
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Mnin Street
W. A. A. Hocjtey—Juniors vs. seniors November 14 at l2:30 o’clock. —THOMPSON.
W. A. A. Hockey—Freshmen Orange vs. seniors November 16 at 4 o’clock. —THOMPSON.
Bowlers—Third session of Purdue Merchant’s League will be held on November 16, from 6 to 7 p. m. at Lafayette Alleys. Team captains notice new starting time and advise members. —BARRETT
Eta Kappa ISu—Debris picture will be taken at 8 p m November 17 in the faculty lounge. —McEACHRON
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at Tth
Phone 6050
SUDDEN Service
□
P' i!
RINTING, Offles SIsHonwy. f' Wedding InvlUilont
PHONE ~ fclc* Booki,Ele.... 6 2 8 CASSEL*S/ dosreRRiP
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 119'/2 Vine West Lafayette
Phone 4965
GEM Safety Raxors 25c
Extra Blades for All Razors
John Sperb
82!^-^24 h|[,ain l^treet
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
No Flowery Talk! No False Promises! No Leaks!
If You Have
\
A. W. WERKHOFF
DO YOUR PLUMBING AND HEATING We Do Your Neighbors’ Why Not Yours? Automatic Storage Heaters, 20 Gallon Capacity, at $40.00 Come Up and See Me Sometime 914 Main St. Phones: Office 6987; Res. 7863
132 Vine Sc. West Lafayette
641 Main St., Lafayette
Special attention given to Formal Clothes . . . Your Tux and Dress Suits, also Dress Shirts and Collars returned to you done properly . . . Remember we do both Laundry and Dry Cleaning and guarantee our work . . . Send it to'either our West Lafayette or our Lafayette office, or you may phone 3085 and our driver will call.
PHONE 3085
American Laundry
h