'w' ,,
I ^
VOLUME XLVn
/ '" ^ ;'; >\> , " , iJlEAYEfTE, tNPlANAj SATUBPAT,,MAY 9, i9M ^ ^ <
■' m^-Wi
^ > , . , -i = j.-" ^ \ ^ i . 3 ^._ii. 1,9B7 Attend Three-Day Program; Group And
individual champions in various contents were crowned, followed by tlie annual '‘Stunt Night”, brought the eighteenth
With a total registration for the three days of 1,937, one of the ■ •• largest attendances for sever-
Apparitions, Showers,
Playshop*8 ‘^Romantic Young Lady^^ Draws Gr&wdTpr Pirs^-^^fhc'
Romantic apparitions, appropri-
ate thunder storms and showers, and intellectual Ihu^hs were te^--
t^ad in j ‘‘The R^anhc^^
Lady”, a pleasing Spanish play, presented last night by Playshop in Jeffersen high school auditorium before a near-capacity crowd. The show will be presented again tpni^ht
abSv’cipf^,/
Ruth Grimm, as-a romantic young lady with practical aspirations, was rudely brought to her senses by William McEachrOn, playing his first role as a romantic novelist. Ami Simms, the Dona Barbarite of the production, gave an excellent portrayal of a worldly-wise woman who understands ®a®n by virtue of outliving her three husbands; Her pithy remarks drew many laughs . ,OM-Maidish; Virginia Meguiar, cast as the Dona’s aged servant, also cauSed much laughter by her fluttery, old maidish movements; The parts of Miss Grimm’s three brothers, Pepe, Emilio, and Mario, were adequately filledby Charles Callis, Philip Luginbiil, and Charles Petticrew. A new system Of changing stage sets was employed. Property girls, dressed in Spanish costumes, made stage changes in full view of the audience. According to H. Kenn Carmichael, director of Playshop, this was the first time such action had been attempted. It is still in the experimental stage, he Said,
Mothers Day Program
Auditorium.
TitisMoMig
Home Ecoflbmics
This Noon
.2:00—^Mother’s Day Luncheon, Ballroom of Memorial Union This Afternoon
1:30-2:00’-
, ana Home, Economics Association, 2:30—^May Day Pageant, on the Oval; if rainy, in Memorial , Gymnasium.
First Luncheon For Croup WUlBe HM in Union Ballroom At Noon; Program Starts At lOsBO The first Mother’s Day Luncheon in the history of the Unfyersity will be held at 12 o’clock today in the ballroom of the
i
al years. The registration included 827 boys and 705 girls, all county or community winners in various 4-H projects and 405 leaders. The closing day was featured by the announcement of team and individual champions in various projects. Livestock Judging Tippecanoe county’s livestock judging team, composed of James Williamson, Montmorenci; Charles Ford, West Point, and Robert Davis, of Jackson township, captured first honors in the livestock judging contest, one of the major boys’ awards, with a total of 1,958 points in all classes of liyestbCk. tafee couhiy was second with 1,952 points and Putnahi county third with 1,927
poinfa.
Individual honors in judging alt classes of livestock went to Curtis Hall, of Johnson coimty, with a total of 676 points, Charles Bowmahj of lAke coiinty, and Da^ hing team, were close behihd for runnef-up honors with 673 points
each.',;
Dairy Judging In the dairy judging, competition. White county finished in front, with Hamilton county second, and Madh son county tlurd, In a field of 46 teams, HoWard county took first honors in corn judging, and gained possessioh of the Indiana Qom Growers’ Associa (Continued on page 4)
pageant. Reception, In Memorial Union Building, following pageant. This Evening 6:45—^University Sing, in front of Eliza Fowler Hall. 8:30—^“The Romantic Young Lady”, Playshop Production, Jefferson gymnasium, 9:00-12:00—^May Day Mixfer, Memorial Union Ballroom. Tomorrow Morning
committee, similar to the Dad’s executive committee which has
beihi
St. Jo Parade Michigan Blossom Festival Today Is High Point Of 3-Day Tour
The University Piilit!^y bai»d v^ oc<hipy the ;pb8itioh
Debate Team
Radio Discussion Pre^ cedes Main Program
Next Wednesday evening the Uni versity debate team will meet members of the traveling University of California debate squad to discuss the question; “Resolved: That President Roosevelt Should Be Re-elect ed”. This debate will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall on Wednesday evening at 7:30 o’clock. A rudio dis cussion is planned for that afternoon. If the California team does not arrive in time for the 2 o’clock program, the discussion will necessarily be cancelled. The University team, represented by Charles Petticrew and R. F. Royster, will uphold the negative side of the question. Both of these students as a team, have a perfect record in Big Ten conference debating. The California team is stopping here on a tour to New York.
ROTGToHoM Two ■Reviews
Inspectiohs Set For Tuesday, Thursday
Blossonv Festival parade bt Befflttm Harbor and: St,: joseph, 'Miibigan. Thebahd Was sched^ed to afrive at the festival early this mbming froin Rochester, Indiana, home of Pi S; Eihrick, where it gave a jicbhcert last night; The band left Lafayette in three buses at 3 o’clock yesterday afternoon. ; V The band will lead the queenb .diyisioii of the parade; winch is one of the principal attractions of the year in Miciugan. ; Tonight the band Will attend the festival ball. After the ball, two buses coiitaining the symphonic section of the band will go to Crown Point to spend the night at a Cedar Lake hotel, while the other bus load will start Hck for Lafayette. The symphonic band will give a concert in CroWm Point tomorrow afternoon, under the au spices of the school board.. Immediately after the concert the band will return to Lafayette.
Mi
M'
■y-
MORTAR BOARD
M
JEAN ADKINS
.'■f
M
ELIZABETH ARNOLD
■f'-
RUTH COPELAND
■M
HELEN CREECH
“L
v . mENE::FELDY:. ■■:
y
PATRICIA JONES
;+
DOROTHY KUEHN
>
JEANET'TE SCUDDEBT
¥
:Debris :Fdr: l^
All persohs who have paid the full price for copies of the Debris may get their books by calling for them .Monday, anytime after I p. ih, rooms 1 and; 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Thbse who are paying for their books by contact must go to the Debris office in the Union
Building.
organized for several
years, will be formed at this luncheon, which is being sponsored by the Student Union. The program, including an address to the mothers by President E. C. Elliott and music by Bud Bryant’s orchestra, will be broadcast over University station WBAA from
12:15 to 1:30 o’clock. Co-ed Style Show
Twenty University co-eds will model garments made by junior clothing students in a style parade which open^ the Mother’s Day pfO' gsam at 10:30 this morning. Coats
mb; andlCveihu^
wiU; be bbp^; Tim display
to everyone.
Ftdlb^hg; the brcmdcast t^ luS^edh ; prbgri^^ the Ihdiahia Home Economics association: Will broadcast over WBAA from 1:30 to 2 o’clock; Th§ bTOgfaffi^;w^ 6f several talks and vocal selecUons by both association members and by University students and faculty
ihembers.^
:: May Pageant A pageant Centered around Ada Mae Roe, sophomore science student whd will show the Imauties of; nature, as seen by ;the fairies, to ;tHe Queen ;pf May and her court; will be presented at 2:30 this aftefnbon bn the Oval, unless rainy W'eather forces the affair to be held in the
Radio Hams Plan Annual Round-Up
^ 4 -ir
500 Amateurs Expect* ed At UniTershy Neart Friday And Saturday
^ j
UNiyEKSITY SING
Final preparations are being made in R. O. T. C. classes for the Botary club and National inspections which will be held Tuesday and Thursday of next week, respectively. “Combined hour” drill periods are being devoted to; close order drillings and calesthenics while students in “inspection classes” are receiving detailed information in regard to their specific duties. The Tuesday review in honor of the Indiana Rotary clubs which will be in convention bere at that time will not start until 11;30 in order to conform with the program of the convention but all members of the corps will be required to meet in the Armory in uniform at 11 o’clock as usual. Thursday the edrps will form promptly at 1 p. m. in the Armory and will then proceed to Russell field where it Will'be reviewed and inspected by M!ajbr General William G. Cole, commanding general of the 5th Corps Area. The revibw will start at 2 o’clock,
Foresters Plan Ahmi^ Field Day
Memibers of the Forestry dub Will hold their annual field day at Cary Roy 8c6ut camp next Saturday at 1:30 o’clock. A full afternoon program vdll include contests in fiendrology, felling and bucking timber, estimation of tree heights and diameters, and padng by compass course. Swimming and baseball games will contiiiue all afternoon. Stuni^ And skits by dub ffiemberSi shorf talks by the guests and memr hers of the Forestry faculty, and group singf Ag wili complete the eve hing’s programi.
JEVi^^cci* jRiiaf 188U& Out Mfiy
May’s issue of the Purdue Engi' heer, the last edition planned for this semester, will h® distributed May 18 and will Contain the prize whuung; article ;in the AIEE contest, a discussion oh the effects of streamlining trains;;writteh by Guy Belioiws, a senior in the E.E. school. Of interest to both eds anfi coeds shouldbe an article on ‘^Cosmic Rays” written by the University’s only c6-ed MeChahicaiEngineer, The results of experimentation in the fields of polarized light ahfi in the dehmlishinff of the at(^ a^ covered in two other features by E. R. Lindsey^ef the E.B. sebod, And E, K. Jones, of the chemical school, respectively." ■
New Trail'TDday
Ross F. Lockridge, Indiana director of the Federal Writers’ Project, vali discuss plans for the “Tippecanoe Trail” in a special broadcast over WBAA at 2 o’clock today. The “Tippecanoe ;Trail” is to ex;tehd from Vincennes to Battle Ground and is the first of a humber of new routes completed. The trail will be appropriately marked on a new state guide, whichwill contain other historical places Of interest.
Clerical Test Set Oa]Rayl6
Prof. Frank G. Hockema, assistaht to the president, announced yesterday that qualification examinations for clferi<nil positions at the University will be held at the Lafayette Business College on Saturday, May 16. The; names; of those who successfully pass I the test will be placed'oh the list of qualified candidates from which vacancies on the staff will be.fiUed. , Application blanks and qualification information may be obtained at the president’s office and must be in to this office on or before Monday, May 11.
HecdthChampsTurtiThi^
“Regular habits—well, rather, reg--ular; good cow’s milk, not pasturized; and plenty of exercise, are the factors to which I largely attribute; my success,” replied comley 18-year old Sally Metz, of Lowell, Lake county, last evening after she was declared the state’s healthiest girl as a feature bf the 4-H club Round-
Up.
“Regular physical; ejmminntibns by our local doctor and county health nurse helped me most,” commented Fredrick Eeichart, 19 years old, of Dayton, ^pjecanoe counfY, winnw of the same honof foj? boysr Freddib sbould itobW whnt it ti^es, as this is his fourth health contest aiid the second tiinto he has ^ c^^ the state 'representing bis county; Ffeddie is 5 feet 8 inches tall and weighs 143 pounds. “ v Alnuwt Perfect Both Sally and Freddies scored more than 97 per cent perfect to v^n oyey a field of some, 86 counties, the former rating 97.6 bet cent, the latter 97.8 per cent. When questioned about bet diet,
them.’’
Neither does Freddie follow the milk and spinach theories closely. In fact, he says,“I eat spinach only once or twice a year, and not that often if I Can get out of it. As for milk, I don’t like it;” Sally, who is barely over five feet tall and ywigbs 114 pounds, has livedbn a farm for the past 8 years. She has participated in 4-H club •work 7 years, carrying pig cluby^ork as well as her regular: giyl’s projects, She was also a member of her higb school g^ls’ baseball and basketball teams. ^Cwining;!^^ : ; Freddie/ rigb-t at home here, iC planning on coming to the University next year, using the sicbblarship he has won in his 6 years of pig club work. He, too; lives on farm and ie the pnly hoy jh the fambut bo bas four Mst^. Oho of thenr the cou^ contest for girls along with hbn this
year.'.''.
Both state winners will represent
Ihffiaim in the National Hjealth con-
Sallyi^lied:bGamts7 He^^ test at Chicago, next Deceinbbr.
Pi Beta Phi.. Lambda:Chi Alpha... Beta Theta Pi.. Sigma Chi.. Chi Oinega : Alpha Tau Omega.. Phi kappa Tau.. Phi Delta Theta... Alpha Chi: Omega... Delta Dpsilon , phi Gamma Delta;. Kappa Kappa Gainma... Phi Kappa Tau Sigma Alpha Epaiibn Alpha Xi Delta Pi Kappa Phi.. Delte TaU Delta... Kappa Alpha- Ihata Sigma No Purdue Independent Ass’n Triangle . Kappa Sig^ina
..6;2B :.6:30 ...6:85 ‘ ..6:40 .:6:45 .6:50 .6:65 ..7:00 ..7:05 ..7:05 ;.7:10 ..7:15 .71:20 ..7:20 ..7:26 -7s88 .7:30 .7:30 „:.7:80 .7:36 ..7185 :..„7:40
Over 509 amateur radio mi* thusiasts are expected to gather at the University next Friday and Sat-> urday for the fourth annual Amateur Radio RbimArUp^a^ Hamfe0; -w^ ;be ;e(mdunted iinder the difecUon of the school of etoctricAl engmeenng smfi Um ehi^ ^ neering extension dephtinient, with the Purdue Radio club cooperating. Following registration and inspection of the University’s laboratories and local stations, the meeting will be formally. opened on Friday e'venight, -with S. G. Lutz, of W9TJBj West Lafayette, presiding. Addresses of welcome by Dr. A. A. Potter, dean of the schbote of ; ehg^- ; iiebring, and; Prbf; ;G; F; Harding, head of the school of electrical engiy : heering, ■willbe followed by a shoVI- : mg of a cobnred naovie, ‘‘The Rau^ bow Bridge’’, by D. J. Angus, of the Esterline-AngUs Co., Indianapolis, and a demonstration lecturbqn vacuum tube- construction by Henry Grubb and Gerard DeBey, of the University.;;;.' Amatour Problems ; Satiirday’s fifiltechniCal program •will include morning, afternoon and evening sessions. The concluding session bn Saturday evening mil be devoted to the mbderh, :frequency meter, the amateur’s place in, “QRR”, and problems of anaateitc radio. C. B. DeSbto, assistant seerd^ tary of the American Radio il^Iay League, will be bne of the; prihciphl speakers at the concluding session;
''•’-'I
fiSilS
Memorial Gymnasiunl. Queen of May Edith Gregory and her seven attendants •will preside. Follo’sting the pageanf, pleidges to Mortar Board, senior honorary for women, willbe announced, and immediately after that a reception •willbe held in the Union. About twenty fratemitics and
Stephens* Dozen Bed^ Miapii Hatchery Wm9 Frank W. Stephens, Commercial
soropities on the University campus poultryman of Star Gity,wasawafd--
will participate in a sing in front of Eliza. Fowler Hall at 6 :45 this
ed the grand sweepstal^es ribhoB for the second straight year: in ibe
evening. The box in this story lists annualUniversity Egg Show yesfer-
the Greek organizations and the times at which they are to assemble on the East side, south end, of the
©•vaL.
At 8:30 o’clock this evening Playshop will present its current production, “The Romantic : Young Lady”, in the Jefferson gynmasium. Anotiier stozY m this issue reviewB the first showing of the play last night. From 9 to 12 o’clock tbe May Day mixei will be held in the Memorial Union: Ballroom, with Bud Bryant’s orchestra furhishihg the -music. The admission will he the regular one dollar. At 8:30 tomorrow morning W®sley Fotnidation will give a breakfast for mothers of University students. Y. W; C. A. sewice fbr Mother’s Day; will conclude the btogram at 9:30 in Elisa SV^ler^^ H^ Dr. Lillian M. Gilbretb will: deliver an address *^Sereni^ First*’, and the University chbiyvrtU Sing, This pfo^am will end before regular church services start.
A. P. St^waii^ Recovers
A. P, Stewart, Ubiyersity nMi^ director, after being away the campus for two^ days with fected throat, is again ready for yrork today.
day mth his dozen scoring 97;3» far the first time in the history of the show that t^ honor: has been ab^ corded tp the same person bn twb succesive occasions. Top honors in the baby chick show were w;ott for the third successive year by the M5ami Chick Hatchery,^ of Sidney, Ohio, with an entry of 25 White Rock chicks. The same hatchery won the grand sweepstakes last year and the year before with Rhode island Bed chicks. In addition to winning the grand sweepstakes prize for the Ogg show as a whole and sweepstakes in the hatcherymen’s class, Stephens captured sweepstakes honors in the Indiana State Poultry Association class with , another entry of wMta eggs that scored 96.8. Other Winners Other sweepstakes awards in the egg show included Swift & Cfo.» Loganspbrt, commercial; E. J. Clark, NashxOle, Teim., farmers; Michigan Egg Laying Contest, East Lansing, Mich., open; Joe W, Sieer, Jeffersonville, county agents, teaelK ers and alumni; Norman Colei, Sb Mary’s of the Woods, high school; Julius Denzler, Scottshurg, club; Arthur Sager, Edwarddsport, gmde school, and A, O. Ha^«e»
II
iSf
iiSiiM«mb«r of National CoIIegre Press Association, Bifr Ten Editorial Association Etida^vely l^piresehted by Natibnal- Ad^ertiMniciSei^irti Inc; 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Xintered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana^ Deliver^ by mail, $S.S0 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
ttusiness Phone 6088
MAIN OFFICE^-rSia North Fifth Street
Fditarial Phohe 6037
Daily Student Publicatioh bf Pntdue Univetsi^
EDITORIAL.STAFF , Editor-in^hief .—...::....... .. ..^^Nnnt Associate EditorS.....iK. A. Barnette> J. E. Brock, A, H. Forster, R. P. Manipp, C; L. Sadler Bold and Black Editors..„...i.^^.........................Geheive SexsoHj S. M. Truitt
Sports Editor^ Associate Sports Editors..
SPORTS STAFF" ; '- . -C . ;......l.;i...i.L, D. Wood .:S. R. Griffiths, R. F, Obenchain; D. F. Wilson
Business Manager.. National Advertising Manager.. Local Advertising Manager.. Circnlation Manager..
BUSINESS STAFF
..R, J. HulSe .....L; H. BroWn ...D. C. Miller „J. P. Girard
:Editor. Associate Editors.... Advertising Manager..
WOMEIN'S STAFF :...;,.Helen Creech ......Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke ........Betty. Barnett
Saturday, May 9,1936
Issue Editor—Ii. S. Hardin.
Looking Ahead
The task of publishing a college newspaper is a bigger job than most people think. Financial worries, news problems, editorial troubles—all combine to give those in charge some real headaches. When such a job has been done so well as in the last year, there must be good reasons for the successes/enjoyed. It is because the new staff appreciates the difficulties to be encountered in the next twelve months that it intends to carry on with the policies of the outgoing seniors, with only such additions or deductions as are deemed necessary. The phblishing of news consists not only of writing it, but of seeking it out as well. This latter point is the stumbling block of many college papers, because of the lack of time students have available to devote to their publications. Instead of havitrg the same group of. workers every day in the week, the fixpoueut and other papers have different staffs for each day, and the problem of coordination becomes a major one. We will do our utmost to solve that problem.
dents, faculty members, and townspeople who it serves, by presenting all the news and presenting it correctly. As with anything of a more or less amateur standing, mistakes are bound to occur occasionally, but the entire staff wilibe on the alert to prevent them as much as possible. The editorial column will continue to be the place for discussion and interpretation of events both on and off the campus. Readers are invited to send in their opinions or observations to the editor; all such contributions Will be given careful consider ation. They must be of good taste and of reasonable length, and names must be attached. However, if the writers desire to have the article unsigned if printed, their wishes will be respected. The Rolling Stone, which first appeared in the paper last fall, will be continued. Here, again, contributions will be welcomed, With the assistance of the readers^ the new staff hopes to make the 1936-37 Expoment one of the outstanding college papers in the country, a goal especially difficult of attainment in an institution where there is ho school of journalism and where the most desirable printing facilities are not available But that is our aim, and we will give our best toward its accom plishmeht.
FLISH! FLISH! Challis and Alpha Chi Cleveland are really that way about each other so it seems. She accepted his pin— then tore upstairs and greeted her roommate thusly: ^‘Oh, I’m engaged!” Oh, well, some people think they are when they get a pin. : SOUNDS BAD TO US Liistig aiid Shoemaker w^ke dis^ covered up behind the stadium, supposedly watching Gimlet initiatibn, If that is true, it was just a good evening gone haywire. ■ ■■ -WHAT BEAUTY?: ' The Chi. O’s are flaunting their beauty to the world in an attempt to get a sun-tan—Visitors are welcomed, ll-l and 8-6. ' —Paid Advertisement. FAMOUS LAST LINES Now that elections are over, Fm going to tell a few people off. ' MAYDAY,"'■.■■■ Today the Queen of the May gets crowned and from what I hear, it’s going to be some show. Bring the whole family and see Edie get crowned. Pi Phi Pete requests that all her friends pray for a nice day— If they have it outside ,scenery will be unnecessary and the audience won’t be able to see things too critically. . ; ■ : o. GEE YES If the him or her that calls himself or herself “Ogeno” will present him—let’s don’t go through that again—anyway the MARS double pass is awaiting you at the UNidN desk. Get it at 1 o’clock today. . MORTAR BOARD TOOTSIES I don’t think it’s worth while to be awakened at 5 in the morning just to get one of those flat hats.
Character: The active chapter of Mortar Board of this University. Place; W. S. 6. A. office. Scene: The girls grouped around the table are concentrating deeply on the selection of the Mortar Board members for 1986-1937. Apparently a pen, pencil, and a forbidding frpwn are the requisite weapons for the solution of this problem.
Of course there is no need to carry this play idea further, since it has; served its purpose of stressing the fact that the Mortpr Board plei^Cs were chos^ before spring campus CleCtidns this year, in cirder to eliminate bias and prejudice as much as possiblb; froni the voting. We were aided by three years’ observation arid by scholarship arid activity liste. An hour and a half’s discussiori was sufficient to coiriplete the roll.
After this initial meeting of two months ago, another was called to consider the list iri the light of recommendatio]to of the co-^fl membefs of the junior class, as well as those from the faculty, but no additions were made. Today’s pledges were all chosen on the list of March 17th.
Blessed are the peace-makers. They will never be unemployed.;—Washington Post.
Evidently many professors seem to be of the opinion that President Elliott’s famous last line, “A full attendance is expected”, should be applied to class attendance as well.
WITH OTHER EDITORS
Youth Has Its New Veteraiis; '' Now For Smut'And Smell (The Daily Northwestern) . American youth is not to be outdone by its elders. This was clearly illustrated on our own campus last week. Northwestern refused to let the “old folks” monopolize politics, and it held its own national convention to nominate its own candidates. And then there is the Veterans of Future Wars. College men have long envied the various veterans, associations and the American Liberty League, so in emulation of these dubious organizations they formed their own veterans’ society. And now, filling the last gap in the junior social system, comes the latest brilliant bit from the academic mind, the League of Yellow Journalism. In the college newspapers of today, a writer who numbers the sensational among his moronic impulses hasn’t a chance. The boards of publications have read all the tabloid material they can stomach, and they demand that the college journals be academic and intellectual schoolboy publications. At Harvard, however, the embryonic newspapermen rebelled. Their elders had William Randolph Hearst, but they didn’t have one dam thing to satisfy their baser yearnings. So, refusing to be good little boys, they formed the Society of Yellow Journalism. In the program of this society, the Veterans of Future Wars will find much fodder to amplify the counter-Revolutionary campaign against their reactionary elders. Its aims are “(1) Exploit patriotism, (2) start foreign wars, (3) conduct political crusades against those who disagree with our aims and methods, (4) manufacture misleading propaganda, (5) eliminate the Red menace in colleges, preparatory schools, and kindergartens, (6) support pension and bonus payments, and all other government payments, and (7) publish stolen letters and telegrams.” No longer can American colleges be denounced as insufficient preparation for life. The Junior Chamber of Commerce teaches us to be earnest young Babbits. The Veterans of Future Wars prepares us for our life-long quest of the great god Gold. And now the League of Yellow Journalism givea us prac-
venting erosion, the job !
gmeering class?
our country pre-
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
Today. Baseball, Indiana at Purdue. Acacia, Delta Sigma Lambd.a Spring Formal, Allen’s ballroom, 912.: ' Alpha Kappa' Lambda Spring Formal, Duncan Hall, 9-12. Mother’s Day Program Style Show, Home EcoriomiCs aud itorium, 10:30-1J:30 a. m. Luncheon, Union ballroom, 12 noon. Pageant, Oval, 2:30 p. m.; announceriient of Mortar Board pled^ es. ■ ■' ' ■ Reception, Union, following pageant. University Sing in front of Eliza Fowler Hall, 6:46. “The Romantic Young Lady”, Jefferson gymnasium, 8:30 p. m. May Day Mixer, Union ballroom, 9-12. Sunday Y. W. C. A. Service Hour, Faculty Lounge, 9:30 a. m. Monday Agronomy Seminar, Ag Hall, room 201, 4 p, m., G. H. Enfield, “Minor Elements in Fertilizers”. Tuesday Kappa Delta Pi meeting, education Building, 7-8 p. m. Twentieth District (entire state of Indiana) Convention of Rotary International, Unipn ballroom, adjacent rooms, also Eliza Fowler hall. Rotarian Luncheon, Union. Rotarian Banquet and Dance, Union ballroom. Baseball, Illinois at Purdue. Wednesday Poultry Club Meeting, Poultry Building, room 204, 7:16-9:30 p. m. Twentieth District Convention of Rotary International. Rotarian Luricheon, Union. Home Economics Faculty, Senior Alumni Dinner, Home Economics Cafe, 6:30 p. m. Baseball, Louisiana Tech at Purdue. English 14 Debate, Uriiversity of California, Eliza Fowler Hall, 7-9 p.
Buckeye Students Spend $1,500. On Pin-Ball Gaines Columbus, Ohio.—(ACP)—Ohio State students spend an average of $1,600 a month on pin-ball games, according to a survey made by the Ohio State Lantern. Sixteen machines were found in the immediate environs of the university, located in ten different places of imsiness. Average weekly “take”. Lantern reporters learned, is $25.
That each victor of the Tour elections held so far is also a Mortar Board pledge: is a confirmation of our opinioris, with which we hope the campus will concur. Candidates for the highest formal honor a senior woman can receive are chosen on the basis of scholarship, leadership, and service, past and potential.
We sincerely hope that the girls who wear the corsage and the gold and silver ribbons today will find many opportunities to exert in he-
Midnight Show Tonight ' o^TWOeMlEttSlITTl
SUNDAY - ’MONDAY “Hitch-Hike'Lady” also PRESTON FOSTER in “We’re Only Human”
Not Since “State Fair” Such Glorious American
Comedy! , • •
The
greatest of all heart stories ... as youth meets its
first
temptations!
Last Times Today BUCK JONES in “SILVER SPURS” and CHESTER MORRIS in “Moonlight; Murder”
SUNDAY
MONDAY
VA ‘ l/AMUAVAWAA VX ATXUJ. l/drX AJVAXU* iLV is oitt keenest desire that when the mortar boards rire placed on th| heads of these same girls this afternoon that you Will commend our choice.—J. W.
Cornell Co-eds Get Credit For Walking Ithaca, New York,Walking^ classes—but for credit! are a new feature of Cornell’s curriculum for women. Every afternoon at 2:30, 3:30 and 4:30, a group of eager co-ed pedestrians swing away from the women’s gym—-except on Saturday, Wheri 2:10 has been nariied as the officialhour. The Cornell Daily Sun, in reporting this latest educational development, statris only the barr leaving soirie phases unexplained. For instance, the Saturday vValks will he through the Taugharinock and Huttermilk Gorges (both up arid back, rain or shine!) and “transportation wiH he furnished”. Even though the gorges are three
S^SssSSSBSSSS
SlTEVE SWANSON Fomwly ot Fowler Barber Shen/fo , r, ‘ now at J J ^11,5 Vine St, W. Lafayette Hair Cuts 25c , iniin'rfr - -T''’mri'ii 1,111111ir-igjjAaXifearii
ONLY COURAGE LIKE HIS LOVE LikE THEIRS —
JOHN iOCES; Birrie • Alsri Hale Herbert Mursdin
Starts TOMORROW
Last Times Today EDMUND LOWE
“The Garden Murder Case” and . “Boulder Dam”'
I*
EXTRA ’ ■ OUR GANG COMEDY
r
Last Times Today .. BORIS , KARLOFF in “THE WALKING DEAD**:
All Color Travel Talk
.Starts
TOMORROW mmmSOCIAL BRIEFS
-
, formal spiring dance from 9 to, 12 ' ^ o'clock in their chapter house; Dick ! Cisne and his orchestra aided greatly in making the dance a success. It I ' ^ was estimated that about one hunj, dred couples were present; ehaperones were Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Miller, Mr. and Mrs. H. Kenn Carmichael and Mr. and Mrs. Albert P. Stewart.
Triangle fraternity held a radio dance at the 'chapter house yesterday evening between 9 and 12 p. m. The chaperones were Prof, and Mrs. C. A. Ellis and Mr. and Mrs. W. O. Mills. —sb— Alpha Kappa Lambda fraternity will hold its spring formal dance tonight in Duncan Hall from 9 to 12 hi'dbfdt With Eari Jackson’s band frohi Mdhticelld furhishingf the sici Professors ;B. B. Hass and H. C; DeKay and their wives willdiaper^ ■,,dne';the:dance' Acacia and Delta Sigma: Lambda fraternities will entertain their guests with a spring formal dance at Alien’s ballrbom -tonight from 9 to 12 o’clock''. Ken Ebershbff and his orchestra will play for the aifair. Chaperones for the dance will be Professors W. A. Knapp, S. B. Chambers, Mr. J. E. Willard, Mr. P. L. Willis, and Mr. T. E. Hienlon. ■ ■■. ■ Kappa Alpha Theta soroity will entertain mothers of its members with a dinner this evening after the May Day Pageant. Decorations will
Vini vi-jvappa oig aiuaiice, ii the baseball game yesterday afternoon. Mixed baseball games are a new feature in the athletic program an!d it is hoped other groups will also desire to play. Any groups desiring to compete should contact Miss Veronica Brady, of the women’s physical education department. Christian Scientist"^ Talks Here Tomorrow , “Christian Science, the Science of Reality” will be the subject of a lecture to be given in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock tomowrow evening by William E. Brown, C. S. B., a member of the board of lectureship of the First Church of Christ, Scientist. The lecture is being given under the sponsorship of the Lafayette First Church of Christ, Scientist, and is open tb the piablici'
Crimson Raps Boilermakers, 9^7; Trackmen To
include spring flowers and pastel candles. ■; Mothers of the Alpha Xi Delta sorority will be guests at a lunchepn in their honor this noOn. There will be a Mother’s Day dinner at 1 p. ni. Sunday at which the pink and white color scheme will b^ augmented by spring flowers. ' —-sh-r-' Bud Bryant’s orchestra will play for the annual Mother’s Day mixer in the Uhioh ballroom tonight. Special decorations have been planned. The usual admission will be charged.
If . grownup jaywalkers could be sentenced to five days' instruction !^ln a baby walker, in plain sight of everybody on the streets, no doubt it would change pedestrian habits ,,bver night. Jaywalking Is the lowest form of dangerous practice—one which causes many pedestrians to.
{ he killed each year and thouBands injured. Last year there were 4,600 pedestrians who wrere killed while I crossing the street in the middle of the block. When pedestrians in cities cross against sighals and in the middle of the block they Indulge in practices that are extraordinarily dangerous. Just take the experience at intersections as an example. The rate of death. per pedes&ian accident inyolying crossing against signals, according to the Travelers Insurance Company, was 66 per cent worse last {year , than when crossing with signals. This single fact knocks into a Cocked hat the theory that it is foolish for a pedestrian to wait at an intersection for the signel to flash “Do.” . Jaywalkers are asked to pay heed to the fact that the chance of injuries proving fatal, when hit while crossing In the middle of the block, is twice as great as crossing against sighals, and three times as great as when crossing at the intersection ■^ith the "Q.O” signal.
FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST, SCIENTIST Lafayette, Indiana ANNOUNCES A Free Lecture on Christian Science Subject: “Christian Science; the Science op Reality” hY HON. WILLIAM E.: BROWN, C. S. B. OP LOS ANGELES, CALIFOBNIA MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF LECTURESHIP OF THE MOTHER CHURCH THE FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST, SCIENTIST, IN BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS ELIZA FOWLER HALL PURDUE UNIVERSITY SUNDAY, MAY 10, AT 8 O’CLOCK P. M. THE PUBLIC IS CORDIALLY INVITED TO ATTEND
, By Dick Obenchain Although outhit, 11 to 9, Indiana’s baseball nine came through with some timely hitting "to defeat the Boilermaker squad, 9 to 7, yesterday afternoon on the varsity diamond in Intramural Field., Three walks, which were followed by two singles in the Crimson half of the second inning, accounted for the early lead attained by Indiana and proved to be the margin of runs needed by the Crimson to turn defeat into victory. In this inning, walks^ were issued to Clark, Hosier and Becker. Baise, next man up, hit a scratch single which scored one run and left the bases full. Hosier, who had advanced to third on Baise’s single, Scored his ^^ernathy-^^ thrown put Young. Quisser then hit a; single whiblh scored Becker and left BaisP on the third sack; Thompson and Hobson were forced to ground out to the pipcher to complete the inhing, Ddwrtt^ Sultetitutes ; After a walk and two singles drove Bartz from the mound iri the sixth inning, Downey came in and promptly retired the side by forcihg Hobson and Glhrk to ground but. Downey went on to pitch headsrup ball the next two innings and allowed only one man to reach first. The Crimson hatters, however, got to Downey in the ninth and combined three hits and an error for two runs to complete their sPoring for the afternoon. Purdue Startp Rally Purdue started a rally in the last half of the ninth that brought the spectators to their feet. Bartz, first man up, reached second on the twobase error of the Indiana catcher, Gfieger. Lucas, the next man up, hit a triple that kicked up chalk from the left field foul line and scored Bartz. Young then hit his third hit of the afternoon, a single that scored Lucas. Purdue fans then received a disheartening blow when Mangas knocked the ball towards second base which was fielded by the shortstop, Abernathy, who stepped on second and threw to Baise at first to complete the double play. On the next play, Sines hit a fly to the centerfielder, Hobson, to end the game. The Boilermakers puthit Indiana not only in number of hits but also in extra base blows, The only Crimson extra: base blow was a circuit sock by Catcher Grieger in the fifth. Purdue, however, had triples by Young and Lucas and a double by Bartz for their long hits for the afterripbn. Ihe series will be finished this aftemoPn when Lefty Martin, Boilermaker veteran, will face the Indiana hitters at 2 o’clock on the varsity diamond. This will be Purdue’s last chance to gain revenge for the three defeats handed to them by the Crimson squad this year as this is the last game of the Purdue-Indiana series. If the game is as closely contested as the one yestierday the spectators will have ah afternoon of exciting baseball.
Purdue^ Indiana and Northwestern track teams will meet this afternoon in Ross-Ade stadium at 2 o’clock in a triangular meet. Between the Big Ten events eight high schools in this district will also engage in the annual I. H. S. A. A. sectional trials. The meet will be run in such a way that there is something going on, either between the three conference teams or the high schools, during every minute of the thrill-packed program. Northwestern and Indiana will renew their mile relay rivalry in the triangular meet as the HooBiers atr
tpmpt to Avenge the
hahdS' of the Wildcats at the I^ake Relays recently When one of the
Crimson runners fell. ;lfepect’€rreat-Shpw-,r...
: Glendenning, Purdue; : Meihingy NorthWesternl and Hobhs, Ihdliana> are expected to put pn a great show in the half-mile run, probably the put^tanding event pf the day. Several noted runners will participate including Don Lash, outstanding Indiana half-miler, who is expected to represent the U. S. in the Olympics this summer; Soiniy Heg, Northwestern quarter-milef; Dan Caldemeyer, Indiana winner of the high hurdles in tlie Drake relays; and the members of the Wildcat sprint medley combinatibn that has bebn set-
ting records of all sorts.
: Records are expected to fall as the teams get ready for the final Big Ten nieets. This is especially true in the middle distance events where all three schools have exceptionally talented men entered. The afternoon will he jam-packed with athletics and should prove of great interest to tbos4 who are track-minded.
DePauw Team, 4-2 Boilermaker racquet - owingers took the .measure of the DePattw team, 4-2, in a meet played atj Greencastle yesterday. The dual match consisted of five singles matches and one doubles. Wakefield, Purdue, defea^d Stults, DePauw, il-9, 6-4, in one of the outstanding matches of the afternoon to ^ve the Boilermakers a mhch-| needed win in the singles event.
Summary
Singles—^Nikolich (P) defeated Brown (D), 6-2, 7-6; Morgan (D) defeated Ulrey (P), 1-6, 6-4, 6-2;. Tzueker (P) defeated Willis (D), 7-6, 6-4; Faris (D) defeated Edmonds (P), 6-3, 6-4; Wakefield (P) defeated Stoltz (D), 11-9, 6-4. Doubles—Nikolich and Ulrey (P) defeated Morgan and Brown (D),
6-2, 8-6.
■ , •F;.: .I'.;-,.-; T-r- — song which was responsible for 19 suiddes in Hungary before the an-
the publisher’s ptreafs-ageni-
of an Amedcan college student. , . ; John Granville Williams, grade- | ate student in diemistry at the Uni-
American ore the song.
/s recording of
Make any style of clothes. Imported and domestic woolens. Best workmanship. H. BEHRENS 126 N. 6th St. Over Kienly’s
Be Sure To Look
f
iiifil s
4- -f -f : -f 4 4- 4- 4 4FRATEENITY TENNIS SINGLES 4 4 4 4: 4 4 4: 4 4Today, 2 o’clock Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Delta Sigma Lambda. Theta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Phi Kappa Tau vs. Delta Upsiloii. Kappa Sigma ys. Phi Kappa Psi.
E appreciate your patronage and invite you to arrange j^our parties for playiiig in foursomes—Just off Route 43j north of Soldiers’Home.
4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 FRESHMAN TENNIS 4 4 4' 4- 4- ;4 4 4- <4- 4 4 Today, 1 o’clock E. W. DeWitt vs. J. M. Williamson. IR, H. Pauli ys. J. Fulwider. IR. J. Ruth vs. C. W. Mann. D. E. Monger vs. E. K. Lowii'. K. M. Linii vs. M. C. Magnussen. H. H. Moses vs. W. Blistain. J. N. Frazier vs. L. S. Phelps. | T. O. Jackson vs. H. J. Helbock. W. J. Derner vs. E. J. Gehrke. 2 o’clock T. M, Dakin vs. H. Zweig. G. Craig vs. W. Kozma. jF. A. Danner vs. L. Finkelstein. P. J. George vs. M. D. StepathT. K. Dickinson vs. J. P. Taylor. C. D. Schrolder vs. E. M. Craft.
IM Barnyard Golf Starts Monday According to an announcement by the intramural department, the interfratemity ;'aoubles horseshoe tourney will get under way on the courts just east of the Armory at 4 o’clock Monday afternoon. Each team will pl^y two opponents Monday and two on Wednesday. The eight teams with the highest percentage of wins in the four match schedule will play off the championship Oh the following Friday. Thus the tournament will be completed in three evenings. This event should inteifest those fraternities who are seekihg participation points for the season’s cup. Twenty-hve points will be awarded each organization for entering, five points will be awarded the winner of the tourney and three points will go to the runner-up. There will also be a' trophy given th© winner with medals to the members of the Winning team and to the members of the team in second place. All athletic managers should turn in their entries by 9 o’clock this morning at the iniramural office in Memorial Gsmnasium.
'question that the pedestrian shown above is rf^eing with hie “come hither" Meafi. A short cut to Where? That's perti'heht. Very likely few of . the 4,500 pedestri^s who were killed'. I
jto. ask themselves suoh a question.'-1 •Mfthy of them would have been; better off, If they had. i 'Aopording to a study by the Trav- , jelers Insurance Company, the rate of /1 death last year per pedestrian acci-1 dent which happened when a person ; crossed in the middle of the block-j was 200 per cent worse than when;: the crossing was made at the Inter-i section with ^e “Go” signal.
come to life in the spring because the warm rain and shmeputsnewlifemto them. And advert tising will have the same effect oh your business.
I
Home Ec Alumnae, Staff Plan pinner For Seniors Invitations have been sent to all l/niversity home economics alumnae in Indiana and to former mem-r hers of the staff of the home economics school to attend a dinner, to be given May 19, commemorating the ten years that the school has been organized and to honor the 43 home economics students who will graduate this June. The dinner will be held in the Home Economics Building. In addition to the alumna©; seniors, and faculty members, guests from La-^ fayette and elsewhere have been invited to attend the dinner.
Foundation'W^ill Give Breakfast For Mothers Wesley Foundation will entertain University students and their mothers at a Mother’s Day breakfast tomorrow morning at 8:30 o’clock. The meal is free, but the Foundation requests that those planning to attend please notify them.
Kreml To Address Jeff High On Safe Driving Ideiit. Frank M. Kreml, director of the University Safety Institute, is scheduled to address Jefferson high school next Wednesday morning at 10 o’clock. Lieut. Kreml has been Working on the state-wide safe driving campaign while on leave from Evanston, niinpis, police department. He also aided in the installation of the Ibcui police radio .By-stem. , ■ ■■ Lieut. Kreml is conducting an education prograin iii the high schools for better driving.
((
we
say ttose wlip
have learned to depend on ns
to
sui
On a Rental Basis
W E
P PLY
WHY R ll t ?
IMiife MiUk Iw MoreBiier^
CaH JOHNSON Phone 410821
Milk is your best foodies fidl Oil tive eleuiefits body Tb^dSi Rich erals and rich in food value, i^s lK)dy4Riild^ and energy building*I I
W* Khk« «ppllleaH«>n ptetniw fw 91.91 per ilosea. Spedldl piiM «tt tot* <rf! ilftgr ®r Hior«> ■ Eembtandt Studio leS Vine 8t. W. tj»Saift»U
Hi* tididdmr leHo# irflii ,; A YELLOW V-8 FOED TAXI CAB BtocIc C*!* for Special OecaaioaiB 9Be per paesenger siur part •< tiia ettr - i . .: 602S - ’ : . ; YHONES *971 YELLOW CAB GO.
LAWN MOWERS Sharpened and r^airdl. Neir *iid nsed mowers. Prices new Ball Bearing Mowers $5.2B and np^ BSbwers ealled for and. dtdiTeied. F, Jos, MelhaMpt & Son • 209-11 North Plfth Street Phene 2828 I^agett^ Ind.
ClE$st(ied Adse
TypeTfriters, Adding Machined— For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. 0. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
By T. J. Kino
V J ^
TiiJjcii'jri-
Lost—Omicron Nu pin. Call Ruth Maier, 46223. WELCOME — MOTHER’S DAY VISITORS To Moore’s Colonial Market where you will find one of the largest collections of antique glass, furniture^ etc.> in CqmeiA and browsie aroiind; 220 N. 4th Street^
NOTICES No'w^m* mtaepfii after i p.
'Engineering Stodents-^Tlie sdhooi of civil engineering will appreciate the return of thet missing parts of the aluminum model of the Boulder Dam now on eriiibit in the lobbr of the Civil Engineering Building, lliis is a valuable and useful model which, was presented to the school of civil engin^ring^ by the late Dr. Mead, of the reclamatioii sesrvice. —HATS', .
LYLE] E]«
English 1 Students, Past and PreEwn<>— Students who have not yet , made a passing grade in any or all of the grammar, punctdaion, and spelling tests should plan to be present at the inake-up exams which, respectivelyy concern them^ The place is room 101, Education Building.The time is 4 and 6 p. no. as follows: grammar, Wednesday, May 13 ; spelling, Tuesday, May 19; punctuation, Friday, May 22. Students not now enroll^ in English 1 will need a remo'Val-of-cohdition . card, in order to be admitted to the examination. —WYKOPF.
DR. A. M, miON ' Deinttst Eron Flats State and Main
Tau Beta Pi—Members elected' last fall plesise call for shingles at 158 Sheets St —MSCHBR.
Quality Flowers . ^aiu at 7th Plume $05i
DEAC HAS EYERTraiNO for a' S E H. G«
PAUL A. MSB ROBERT €. RISE . HAROUD 3. MSB LUTH^ a. BISS 400 Sriinits Bldg. Phono 9701 Cwmer 4tli and Main.
PRESBYTERIAN Prof. W. E. Howland is the speaker to the student group at 9:30. He will present his conception of “An Educated Man”. At the Sunday Evening club, at 6:30, Dr. Lawrence Hadley will speak. At the morning service at 10:46 Dr. Graham will give the sermon, and the chorus choir, directed by A. P. Stewart, will sing.
M.M—WMiMM
Tan Beta Pi—Newly elected members call for keys at 342 Lawn AVe. • —WIRTH. Glider Club—Work session this afternoon. Meet at tow car garage at 1.
—O’NEAL.
Unorganized Chemicals—Meet in the P. I. A. office Monday; Sophomores at 4, juniors at 4:80. Very important. Please attend.
—HERSH.
Co-ed Track—Meet Monday at 4. —WALKER.
Class Baseball—W; A. A. class baseball between freshmen and sophomores, and juniors and Seniors will be held Monday at 4. —KELLEY.
WEST SIDE BAPTIST 9:30, Dean Fisher will teach the; Roger Williams class. 10:30, morning services. Rev. Gleason’s sermon will be “Mothers of Men”. 6 :30, social hour, led by Joan Pagent, 6:30, discussion group. Rev. Gleason will talk on “Gounterfeit Love’’. 7:30, special Mother’s Day music, ; ST. JOHN’S episcopal : Mother’s Day will be observed with special music by the choir and a spet^al sermon by the rector, at the 10:46 service. Holy Gommunion will be celebrated; at 8. To any and all of these services you are cordially invited to bring your mothers. Ydun^ People’s Fellowship will meet at 6 for supper. Prof, Mason will speak at 7 p. m. CHEISTIAN ■ ' Sunday school at 9:30 •will carry out the Mother’s Day theme. The subject of Rev. Jessup’s sermon at 10:^46 will be “Mother’s Day; ‘The Son of His Mother’ There will be no evening services. Dr. Sears ■will address the student class at 9:30. Prof. Frank Hall will speak to Christian Endeavor at 6:30 preceding which wiir be a social hour with
lunch at 6.
FINE CLEANERS
NE CLOTHE
Seventeen Prominent Men Address Tri-College Press Banquet TMs Week Princeton, N. J.—(AGP)—Seventeen men prominent in national Affairs are on the pro^am plf the first annual public affairs conference, vvhich is being held here today under the auspices of the Yale NevrSf the Harvard Crimson, and the Daily Princetonian. ' .; . Joseph B. Eastman, federal coordinator of railroads, Secretary of Agriculture Henry A. Wallace^ and Sen. Robert F. Wagner, of New York, have leading parts in the round-table discussions. There are five tables in all, each composed of ten faculty and twenty undergraduate members of each college.
portant to American colleges today, and some observers profess to believe that lack of interest will finally cause it to die out. The College of'William and Mary, Norfolk division, is the latest to drop its governing body. The men’s Student; SmtateTcsii^ed in a Aody; reCenCy^ with the statettKmt “lack pf student iproldems;haAmiade these offices impracticablie”, No substituije body :Aill be appointed,it was indicated,
May Day—All those in the May Day Pageant meet in Fowler Hall at 1 this afternoon. In case of rain meet in the noriA end of Memorial Gym. —PETERSON.
Ba:ptist Stndeiits—^Don’t forget picnic at Vawder’s camp today. Meet at church at 1. Bring 25 cents. ' —KIMMELL.
Forestry Clnb-r-Following men on field day program committee report to room 316, Hort. Bldg., Monday at 4: C. E. Bryan; Allen, Bryan: Young, George. —CRAIG.
AIl-Ekigineering Banquet Committee—Meet at 4 in peasant room today. —CISSELL. P. I. A. Men’s Chorus—Important rehearsal tonight at 8:80. Meet in the P.I.A. office. —COX.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
BANQUETS, STUNTS— (Continued from page 1) tion trophy by scoring 256.4 points out of a possible 300. Jasper county was barely hosed out of the honors, scoring only one-tenth point less to take the runner-up award, while Eosciusko county was third with 253.06 points. Individual honors in corn judging went to Robert Teter, a member of the winning team, with Donald Cromer, of Jasper county, and Charles Myers, of Wayne county, finishing second and third, respectively. Three boys were selected for gold' medal awards in the annhal Alpha Gamma Rho 4-H Leadership contest from a group of 22 contestants, the largest number of entrants during the seven years of its existance. The winners were Robert Weiderhaupt, of Hancock county; James Williamson, of Tippecanoe county, and Willard Bainbridge, of Decatur county. Wasoie C- Schrepferman, of Clay county, won the bird identification contest, which was conducted by M. L. Fisher, University dean of men. Jack Gillespie, of Jay county, and Oscar Bowles, of Clay county, won second and third, respectively, in the contest. I Russell Smith, of North Terre Haute, scored the highest number of points in the tree identification Contest with Lowell Painter, of Spiceland, second. ^ In a field of 24 entries in the demonstration contest for boys, Franklin county won top honors with Tippecanoe, Whitley, and Noble counties following in oi^er. Elkhart county’s demonstration
We are offering our regular $3.60 Shelton Thermique Groquinole Permanents for $1.00. This includes styling, shampoo and set.
Minette Beauty Shop
WESLEY FOUNDATION Wesley Foundation will serve breakfast at 8:30 at the Foundation House, to all studeats and their mothers who wish to come. Prof. Creek will speak to the student group at 9:30. Epworth League service at 6 :30. Announcements will be made regarding the summer conferences . at Geneva and the North American Youth conference at Lakeside, Ohio.
Student Self Govermineiit
Norfolk, Va.—(AGP)—Student self-goYernment, once the objective of many a hardfought battle with administration heads, is not so im-
Beards, Beavers For Fete Alfred, N. Y.—( AGP)—Eight Alfred University professors have agreed to raise sideburns, whiskers, goatees, “and divers kindred tonsorial accountrements” to give the university’s centennial celebratioii, planned for this spring, the air of a century ago.
EGG SHOW— (Continued from page 1) In the sepcial high school display class, Klondike took first honors, with Greenfield, second; Concannon third; Corydon, fourth, and Warsaw, fifth. Sicer, a Purdue 1923 graduate, who won sweepstakes in the county agents, alumni and teachers class, also took first honors in the individual display class. Sectional sweepstakes winners in the 4-H club class were as follows: C. J. Echterling, Lbwell, section one; Robert Greaf, Portland, section two; Lowell March, Greenfield, section three; Clarence Calvert, Worthington, section four; Julius Denzler Scottsburg, section five.
team was selected for championship honors in the dairy section of the contest. Victor Stine and Mervin Gripe, members of. the team, Won the right to compete in the National Dairy Show, which will be held in Dallas, Texas.
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
10% discount on alMaundry brought in and called for at our West Lafayette Office, 132 Vine Street. One Day Service If Requested All Work Guaranteed
Phone 3085—7278
SUBSCRIHE NOW FOR THB EXPONENT.
a:
and come up' with a smile if your favorite team goes down in defeat. But you newer take any chances with your advertising if you advertise in the
is occupying the attention of a large number of the populace of this good old U. S. A. just now. And you know it by reading of it in the newspapers. Your advertisement in this paper will be read by all the students and the faculty at Purdue.