'iF f ’
' ^iiv'" " 'i 1 '’ ‘ 1 ,> i f ij ^ ^ ' Fj M M Jfi^ , I ^ ^ “'V '" \ ' ' ) “ iT ; '' '^ V ‘ ^ ‘■'Y
‘B-^r»f T** f U/' < jfr -/"i*
JOE LOUIS KNOCKS Out Simon In Sixth Round Of Title Bout
Eitabliihed 1889
^ Daily Since 1906
NEW EDITOR-IN-CHIEF .Sets Down '42 Goal Of Exponent In EdJt
Volume 53, No. 153
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, March 28, t94l
Choir To Present Palm Sunday Program At 3 Mixed Group To Sing Cantata In Music Hall
MERRV* ISO'
By Drew Pcaraon and Robert S. Allen
'G' Mon Trace Rumor Of Sovietizing America To NavaJ Department WASHINGTON, March 27—Listeners who heard War Production Chief Donald Nelson’s latest broadcast may have wondered why he went to such pains to defend his plan for joint maiiageincnt-labor committees to increase production in war plants. There was a very good reason. For several days bcfoic, Nelson was deluged with letters and long distance calls from business men expressing great concern that ins plan would “sovietizc” U. S. industry. One of the tclcphoncrs, a nationally known auto manufacturer whom Nelson has known for many years, approached the matter this way: “Of course, Don, I know there isn’t anything to it, - but the story-is going around that this Joint committee plan of your.s is for the purpose of giving labor a voice in management and is a first step toward ‘sovietizing’ industry. As I said, personally, I know that isn’t so. But that’s what is being said and I thought you ought to know about it.’’ Not even remotely a leftist. Nelson was dumbfounded. His plan has nothing to do in any manner with plant management. Its sole purpose is to provide a handy channel foi the considei'ation of suggestions to step up production. Studying the letters and telephone calls. Nelson was stiuck by the similarity of their story. So he came to the conclusion that the lumors were being “jilanted” fiom one or more sources for tlie deliberate purpose of discrediting his plan and forcing hiin to abandon it. Nelson called in goyernment sleuths. Their investigation is still incomplete. But they have definitely located one source of this rumor-mongcring. It is a former official of a big business organization now employed in the Navy Department as the aide of a former Wall Street banker with extensive industrial connections. Note; Secretly, Navy brasshats wei’c vigorously opposed to Nelson’s plan, insisted that the committees consist only of management representatives. But the brasshats backed down when Nelson tliieateiiedrto take the mattei to the Piesident. Locked White House Gate At the tiglitly locked White House gates on Pennsylvania Avenue, police stopped a long black limousine this week. “Who do you want to see?” “Han y Hopkins.” “Got an appointment?” “Yes.” “Got a puss?” The visitois brouglit forth various credentials which weie examined elaborately. Then police held a protracted telephone conversation wdth the White House. Finally the gates swung open and the guards admitted the two suspect characters who have more need for haste than any other two men in Washington. For their countiy is now on the verge of being invaded. They were Dr. Herbert Fvatl, Foreign Minister of Australia, and Mr. A. S. V. Smith, Australian Secretary of Supply and Development. Note: Never before in U. S. history have so many armed guards surrounded the White (See MERRY-GO-ROUND, page 2)
Under the direction of Albert P, Stewart, the 260-voice University choir will present “The Holy City,” musical cantata tomorrow afternoon in the Hall of Music at 3. Held under the auspices of the Student War Council, the Palm Sunday program is the initial performance of three; the choir will sing the “Seven Last Words of Christ” in a Good Friday program April 3 at 8 p.m. in the Hall of Music as the final convocation for worship this semester. On Easter Sunday, they will repeat the cantata at the Broadway Methodist Church in Indianapolis. Based On Bible “The Holy City” is a series of choir numbers and solos based upon scripture from the Bible. It is divided into two parts, the first fojuidcd on the desire for a higher life and the second on the fulfillment of this desire. The oratorio is given Palm Sunday, since Palm Sunday itself originally celebrated “Jesus’ triumphant march into the Holy City.” Though suitable to be given anytime in the year, the “Holy City” brings out the joyous and exuberant feeling of this occasion. Gaul wrote this, the most famous of his masterpieces, in 1883 and presented it first at the Birmingham Festival, held yearly in England. It was an immediate success, so the organist-teacher-composer proceeded to create more hyms about the Bible. However he never attained such a height in the musical world again. Smith To Solo Marvin Smith will sing the main solo in the first part—“My Soul Is Thirst for God,” while Bill Rothenberger will solo in the theme of the last half—“I saw a new heaven and new earth and the first heaven and first earth were passed away.” Other soloists are Ruth Ralston, Evelyn Shell, Janet Place, Betty Wedge, William Kennedy, William Morgan, Alberta Schmadel, Marjorie Williamson, Mollie Harding and Carolyn Wood. The cantata will be free for the student body, faculty, and townspeople, no passports or convo tickets being necessary. Joanne Lloyd will be the organ accompanist. Deferred Draftees May Enter Officers Instruction Course Married men and others defcired from Selective Service because of dependents, now have the opportunity to qualify as officers by volunteering through Selective Service, according to Captain John J. Graham, assistant adjutant at the University military department. This opportunity has been offered only because of the immediate need of men who are qualified for officers training. If the men are found unqualified for training they will be relieved from active duty. All applicants are advised to file application at their Selective Seivice Board, and as soon as forms and detailed instructions are received at local boards, those who have filed will be notified. Six Hanley Speech Finalists Will Speak Thursday Evening Finals for the Hanley Speech Contest will be held next Tuesday evening at 7:30 in Fowler Hall. After proving their mettle in the, preliminaries, Bill Gaugh, Don Sinish, Maurice Udes, Bill Peters, Lew Cohen and Dick Delong will compete for 100 dollars in prizes. These six students have picked some economic phase of engineering "'for their topics. The final judges will be Prof. R. G. Thomas, of the history, economics and government department; Prof. P. E. Lull of the English department; Prof. A. H. Monroe of the speech department; Pi of. H. G. Venemann, of the School of Mechanical Engineering, and Prof. C. L. Lovell, of the School of Chemical and Metallurgical Epgineering.
Tommy Dorsey Will p|ayon Dufies
For Convo, Mixer Tonight Orchestra Will Appear In Music Hall At 7:30;
Union At 9:30; All Advanced Sale Tickets Sold Home Ec Honorary
To Sponsor Annual
By Walt Pershing
Tommy Dorsey, the “Sentimental Gentleman of Swing” who will replace spring vacation at the University this year, will play for a convocation in the Music Hall and dance in the Union ballrooms tonight with attendance records expected to fall at both appearances. The convocation, which lasts from 7:30 until 9, is being sponsored to encourage the sale of United States Defense Savings Stamps. Admission will be by passport or season ticket
PIA Will Hold Election Of Officers; Balloting
Spring elections of the Purdue Independent Association will be held outside the west entrance to the South Ballroom of the Union on Tuesday from 7:30 a. m. to 6 p. m. Officers of the PIA and ward chairmen will be elected at this time. While any independent student may vote for the ward chairmen, only PIA members are allowed to vote for the association
officers.
Candidates For Office The following are candidates for the various offices: President, Dick Sleeper and Oscar Lappi; vice-pres-ident, Norman Augsburger and Jim Pccksok; secretary. Marguerite Young and Mabel Vaughn; treasurer, Jim Bray and Bert Squires. There will be no active PIA organization this summer, but this incoming board will represent the independent .students in University -
affairs.
William F. Kurfess . . . M.E. ’12 and vice pi’esident of tlie Joseph T. Ryerson and Son, Inc., Chicago steel company, has been made a Lieutenant-Commander in the Naval Reserve and is stationed in Washington. Dexter C. Buell, secietary of the 1919 class and owner of the Railway Educational Bureau, Omaha, Ncbiaska, has also been called to Washington by the Naval Reserve.
only and must be accompanied by at least 50 cents worth of defense stamps per person. Persons attending the dance must show at least 60 cent^ worth of defense stamps per
couple. ^
Complete Sellout Advanced ticket sales to the dance m the Union from 9:30 until 11:30 ended in a complete sellout yesterday afternoon. Piedicted as “the biggest dance in the history of the Union” by Dick Worl, Student Union executive, Dorsey’s band is expected to play before 1,500 couples, thus bi’caking an old record cs-
Clubs Prepare Special Week To Aid Country
Of Youth At NSF Dinner Five Universities Send Representatives Of Student Governing Bodies To Meeting
By Bill Pershing
First day session of the National Student Federation of America was climaxed by a banquet in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union last night when approximately 75 representatives from Illinois, Michigan, Ohio, Wisconsin and hidiana colleges heard President E. C. Elliott speak on actions and duties of youth today. The convention started yesterday afternoon with a lively informal discussion of the broad topic, “Students and National Affairs,” with Bob Seese, regional chairman of the organization acting as presiding official. 'The students, functioning as representatives of the student governing bodies from their respective campuses, discussed the subject as it related to various cam-
pus activities.
Schools Produce Brains Emphasizing the mea^g and importance of the Four Freedoms
Banquet Tuesday Omicron Nu, home economics honorary, and Virginia C. Meredith Club will sponsor the annual all home economics dinner, which will be held next Tuesday, March 31, at 6:30 p. m. in the cafeteria of the Home Economics Building. Tickets are 50 cents and are on sale at sorority houses, the residence halls and in the office in the Home Economics Building. All home economice students are invited to attend. The speaker will be Dr. Beatrice Geiger, head of the home economics department at Indiana University. Dr. Geiger’s topic will be “’Home Economists and the Present Situa-
tion.”
The program will include the presentation of the Omicron Nu
In order to determine what the 1,500,000 members of 4-H clubs in the United States can do in aiding the country’s war effort, the U. S. Department of Agriculture has set the week of April 5 to 11 as Mobilization Week for these groups. According to Harry F. Ainsworth, slate 4-H club leader, everyone of the 50,000 clubs members and leaders in Indiana have been asked to
join in the effort.
Special meetings of each club will
be held sometime during the Mobi- Nu and Virginia C
lization Week, at which time dub members will listen fo especially prepared radio programs on 4-H club work, and to speakers from their own ranks or from the state club office at the University. Recently club members in many counties have started to aid in the sale of defense bonds and stamps in rural sections, qpd have helped in the collection of waste paper, scrap metals, and other materials.
with the Concert Choii and the
Men’s Glee Club, will sing. The decorations and the menu
will be in ke'eping with a Pan-
American theme.
Glee Club To Compete
Tommy Dorsey
Tonight's Staff staff for louiglit’s paper: Night Editor, Bufz; Issue Editor, 'I'ierney; Day Editor, Hass; I’roofincri, Tyson, Vegh, Workers, Byers, Deu.sterberg; .lunior Staff Workers, Ochiltree, Beall. Work begins at 1 p. m.
lablishcd by tins same band two years ago, when 1,400 couples jammed the dedication dance at the
opening of the two ballrooms.
Beginning at 9:15, a limited number of tickets will be placed on sale at the East and South doors to the Great Hall in the Umon. Defense stamps will be placed on sale at the same time, but students arc urged to buy then stamps eat her today at tlie icgiilai buotli m the Utnoii or at any of the previously aiinoniiccd places where these stamps aie available, iiicludiiig lesidcinic halls and the Executive Building. The regular Mixer price of |1.10
(See DORSEY, page 4)
T. O. Jackson . .. P. E. ’39, leaves soon for Norfolk, Va., to enter the Naval Training School there. After a six week coui’se he will receive his commission as an ensign in the physical education department of the Navy, Jackson was a teacher and coach at Kokomo Junior High School. Exponent Staff There will be a very important meeting of all freshman workers on the ed and coed editorial staffs of the Exponent in the office at 4 p. m. on Tuesday, March 31. Any who arc unable to attend this meeting should call at the office to arrange assignments before 6 p. m. Wednesday, April 1.
Coeds Beware—Avoid Romance With Draftees; Here Today, Traveling 2000 Miles Tomorrow
By Laura Brewer Calling all coeds! Beware of the man who is about to be drafted. You will find that difficulties will rise, fall, and rise again in the event that you fall in love with a man who leaves you .struggling on a college campus while he goes out to secure the liberty of the democracies. You will spend one liftli of your potential study hours wilting letters to this wandering Romeo. You will spend another fifth reading the ones he send in answer. When time seems to drag, you will get out the letter ho sent today and read it again just to be sure you haven’t missed any of it. Studies Effected When you aren’t busily engaged writing to the man, then you are thinking about him. You will sit with the physics book in fiont of you, and your eyes will invariably wander to the picture sitting back of it. First you will a^miic his eyes, then you will notice how his hair waves m front. Then you think to yourself how very like him the picture is. Suddenly you realize you are working problems, so you tear your eyes away and fling them down on that ever open book. Having tiouble with the pioblem, you .soon start thinking how simple it would be, if he were heie, to call him and lead the pioblem to him and have him tell you how to get it. Then your mind wanders to
the times you have spent in the library with his helping you with your woik and your distracting him in goncraj. Only too soon is the open physics book forgotten again, until cold reality slaps you in the face and you force yourself to road the problem over again for the third tune. Buy A Batllcship Not only do you buy enough postage stamps to keep a battleship going for the government, but you also pay the Bell Telephone Company a goodly share ever so often. If he IS on one of the coasts, as is the case very often, the cost for talking to him is over a dollar a minute, wlieieas it used to he the price of two nickel cokes when lie was on the campus with you, and you could talk toi hours. If your loom-mate has a fi lend in aiiotliei branch of the seivice, she will start collecting souvenirs f10111 that blanch and hang them on her side of the loom trying to compete with you. i Then if your friend sends you a service pillow with a beautiful verse on it, not many days will pass before she will have one fiom her branch of the .sei vice, with the same 'beautiful veise on it. Some manufacturer must have a patent on it! It goes like this: “I thought that you would like to know, That someone’s thoughts go where you go.”
But our room lias four war windows in it! There is a map on the wall which IS decoiatcd 111 diffeient parts \vith small varicoloicd. map tacks. These tacks indicate the points where some one’s fiiend is stationed. If he happens to be somewhat permanent, tlieii everything goes smoothly, but that is vciy seldom the ease. More often than not lie will be moving from point to point, which will keep someone busy trying to figure out where the tack goes. If on board ship in any one of oui oceans, it is exceptionally diflicult to pioeeed along the course of probable maneuvers. Perhaps if some wary coed were consulted as to the plotting of the safest course, she would bung the baltleslup in safely to sonic home port! Just about the time all your professors decide it’s time to give tests 'in everything, your fuend decides that now is the time foi yon to dash out to see him. So you call home and tell your folks a hurried good-by while your loom-matc is frantically packing a bag for you, and catch the next train to the coast. But when he meets you at Grand Central Station, or what have yon, amid a bewildeiing crowd of noisy, e.xcited people, then you will be suie that your time has not been wasted, and leaving him again you cheerfully promise to write longer letters, and send them more often!
award to the most outstanding to American youth in his talk last freshman in home economics last night, Elliott stated that it wa» the year. New officers of both Omicron duty of the educator as well as of
Club will be industry to produce for freedom,
introduced. Marvin Smith, soloist While the factories of the country
turn out airplanes and bombs, he said, it is up to the schools and uni* versities to produce brains and. as>
pirations.
Speaking of the uncertain position of all youth in the present situation, he quoted Geoi^ Ellibtt, saying “No great dded is done by those who ask for certain^JU-B*^ said he expects many great tliinljs from the present generation. Need Time Fresh from his recent trip to “that ant-hill Washington,” where he presented the case for NYA, Elliott said, “The War Production Board lacks a priority for the thing American pedple most need—and that is time,” even with the lack of that most vital resource, time, ha stated that the country is liable to debate itself into defeat. “Men on Bataan Peninsula, in nation’s steel mills, and in all industries of the counti’y, aren’t asking for a forty-hour week,” he said. “Is it asking too much that the students conserve time by attending school twelve months a year?” Elliott suggested that students ask themselves each day what they are doing to help the nation’s war effort. He stated that the most effective way to help at the present time would be to keep themselvet mentally and physically fit. Attend Meetings In his closing statements Elliott said, “These are the things that youth must cherish and conseiwe— personal industry, personal integrity, personal thrift, and self-for-getfulness. These are still the way (See ELLIOTT SPEAKS, page 4) Ten Students Drive 14,000 Miles, Finish Metallurgy Course Driving a total of 14,000 miles in ordei to attend defense ti’aining classes during week-ends on the campus, ten men from scattered cities over the state have completed a course in metallogi’aphic laboratory practice here and have received recognition certificates. Prof. C. W. Beese, head of the General ,Engineering School, announced
yesterday
LTnder R J Raudebaugh, of th6 School of Chemical and Metalurgical Engineering, the studenl® studicil the grain structure of metals and llic manner in which these grams are affected by stress, rolling, and heat treating. This type of training is of importance in defease industries as a means of determining flaws m bearings and
castings.
Most of the men m the class were employed in defense industries in the lespective towns during tbe week. One student was reported to have saved his employer more than if3,000 as a result of studying treatment of certain classes of involved in war orders to have tjhwy meet government specifications.
University Glee Club will compete with sixteen other college and university glee clubs in the regionals of the national contest sponsored by Fred Waring, famous orchestra leader, who is sponsoring the event with his Pleasure Time Hour on the radio. Finals At New York Regional winners will go to New York to take part in the national contest. The winners of the regionalb are to be determined by the recordings they submit to the contest judges. Waring has specified that each club present “All Through the Night” and two other songs of their own choice. The University recordings arc to be made April 2. Other colleges and universities in this region winch will enter clubs in the contest arc John Carrol University and Cass College, Cleveland; Wooster College, Wooster, Ohio; Muskmguin College, New Concord, Ohio; Denison University, Granville, Ohio; Capital University and Ohio State, Columbus; Bowling Green College, Bowling Green, Ohio; Xavier University, Cincinnati; Michigan State College; University of Kentucky; and Notre Dame, Depanw and Wabash of this
state.
Elections Tomorrow Members of the Wesley Foundation will elect officers for the coming year tomorrow evening at 5:30 at their regular Sunday evening
Wesley Vesper seiwice.
Since the Foundation has lecently coiiimeiiced operating mi a twelve-month basis, the officers chosen tomorrow night ^\ill seivc for tlie period of ode year Robert Bedwill, vice presiilent of the Wesley Foundation, will inesule ovci
the election piecccdiiigs.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon . . . announces the initiation of the following men: Richard D. Clcarwatei, Indianapolis; Hariy L. Darling, West Lafayette; William H. Hummel, Indianapolis; Saffoul W. McMyler, Ft. Wayne; James W. Metzger, Lafayette; John T. Simpson, Washington; Robert A. Stackhouse, Indianapolis; James T. Wat-
son, Mt. Carmel, III.
hji■ ^ '■> iT^jUr
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Saturday, March 28, 1942
Prospectus... \Vhile a new staff took o\ei the publication of the Exponent on Tuesday of this past w eek \Ve did not feel officially installed until ■\^ e ^^ eie intioduced in -^estei day’s papei To the depaiting seiiiois who have spent then tunc heckling and blow beating us dui mg the past couple of j^eaxs, we say that we have enioed woikiiig with them in spite of, 01 pel haps because of it. '■» Except foi the advent of the piinting pi ess (the gieatest thing that has happened to the Exponent since it became a dail> in 1906) the yeai began in an uiie\eiitful mannei Need less to say Peail Haiboi stepped up the tempo of the papei and all coopeiating peisons Huge \olumes of pi ess mateiial fiom the gov einment (all blanches and depaitments) del uged the office and subsequently appeared in ■t-he papei The wai council was oiganized
Finals weie abolished The impoitance of our pi ess when compaied with world events vanished Ihis country went on a wai standard With the world at wai moie than evei beloie the Exponent seeks to be the voice of the students and faculty We encouiage letteis, notes, peisonal suggestions about any pait of the papei We may publish this summei three times a week instead of daily as we have during the yeai but that will make no difference in oui desiie to seive the student body as then voice We plan to have a Coed page, moie corqplete campus cov'^eiage thiough an enlarged reporting system, a changed makeup and othei impiovements All this will entail experiment on oui part, so we ask you to bear with us in oui attempts to^make a better, more compie hensive, moie interesting Exponent
University Calendar Saturday, March 28
9 00 AM—National Student I edtiatiort Room 304 Union 9 00 AM—National Student Fedciation East Faculty Lounge Union 2 00 P M —National Student Fcdci ition Room 302 Union 7 00 P M —N S F A Banquet East Faculty Lounge, Union 7 ^0 PM—Tomm^ Doisev Oichestii Hill ot Music 9 30 P M—lommy Doibey Mixei Both Balhooms Union
ROME-
-TOKYO-
-BERLIN
dhoiaimjtp JhsL ChexA,
NnuM-
-OA)101-
-3woa
Whth the Nazi on the deien-^e in Russia and M ic Aithui safely stationed in Austiaha—no longei uc the fiont pages of oui newspapeis filled with latest unconfiimed lepoits On the fiont pages of ill the sheets in this \icinit\ is the staitling stoiy of Can the paients hit teacnci if teaehei hits Junioi ’ Lafajette has definiteh hit the fiont pages foi the next lew dav'—unless the Japs mike anothei big dine and foice the local news back into the elissi fied ad With nothing bettei to do toi the past tM o altei noons than stud\ foi a math and phi sie tests—v e found omsehes ovei the le\\ ind in Judge Paikii sons eouit loom being the eictim of a miniatui blitzkiieg i\ith tne 150 people in liont of us tieiiit, to get home foi dinnei and the 150 people behind us tijing to get a bettii glimps ot the two women who haee had then pietuies in the papeis moie often th ii Gene Tieinei We stiained one eai to ti j and heai the testimonies of the witnesses and the othei eai w is being eon
tinuously the lecipinent ol i paidon me but I just have to get thiough here' In between all the intei luptions we began to design i plan wheieby the spec titois and the paitieipants could be doing then shaie to help the national situation while they wcie listen ing to the evidence Fust we weie stuck by an ide i when the lady sitting next to us diopped i stitch and the needle lit eially stuck us with a plan—upon entering the coiut loom each woman would be given i ball of yam and I set of knitting needles md each m in would be seat ed in ‘■ueh a fashion that he could help lewind the ■\ain loi the yuncis in fiont ind back and the ones on each side of him Thus we have accomplished the puipose and could pioduee sevei il hundied of the best 1 hal 1 eoloied socks and sweateis and «till not miss one ot tie leg il teims which can only be used by tho c with seven yens of legal tiainmg and can be ilentihcd\ly no one Ol eouisG if the eiowd gets much biggei individ uilly ind collectively speaking we could move the whole thiiij, ovei to the Music Hall and mike even one show fifty cents woith of defense stimps befoie enteiing—so if oui pioject evei goes thiough we can 1 nit enough clothes to supply a company w ith „ ii ments and collect money to supply i comp uiy yvith something besides wooden Fieneh 75s
Merry-Go-Round... (Continued fiom page 1) House not eyen in the world war day s of W oodi ow VV ilson War Chaff Those gorgeous pieces of yvom en s costume jeyyeliy aie due soon to become a wai casualty The bi iss coppei lead and tin used in them are moie lugeiitly needed foi w u pui poses To jeyyeliy dealeis how byci this neyvs is not sad They ex peet a boom in gold ind silvei oi uanients Theie is no shoitige in these piecious metals Theie is one line of business that need not feai piiee contiol — amusements Piiee authoiities aie unconeeined about yyhat the public pays foi its lecieation In fact OPA expeits con sidei amusements one yvay to di am off excess pui chasing powei The most effective mcendiaiy bomb extinguishei so fai uneoveied by goveinnient expeits is aplite a yyhite sandlikc product mined m Viiginia by the Dominion Mineials Co Sugar Shortage Eyidci ee eoiitmues to leak out of Cabinet cades that the cuiient su gai =hoitage could haye been iveit ed Chief tiouble has been lack of long distinee plannm„ Heie ai e some of the inside facts 1 Oil \dininisti ator Ickes has been urging V\ ar Chiefs to make alcohol out of petroleum I his is cheaper than making alcohol out of sugar cane and molasses and would saye Cuban tane foi sugai 2 homebody among the War Chiefs has been playing the game of the big Fastern ilcohol com panics with big inyestmcnts in Cuba as against the Vlid West whiskey distillers who could use UP the surplus gram ciop ot the W est Com belt senatoi contend th it 1 csponsibihty foi this lattei situ ation 1 c^ts with “tl A Tea Vlan Fiasei Molfat of U S Industiial Alcohol one ol the b I astcin giants which leai s tow i d Cub i
sugai cane Moffat heads the Alco hoi Dnision of WPB y\heie his de eisions count Liel of long distince planning m y also lest at the dooistep ol Je se Tones Finance Czu of the C bmet y\host Defense Supplies Coipoi ition si,,ned i eonti let Jin 28 1942 pui chasing the entiie 1942 Cuban sugai ei op—but piovidm„ th it one thud of it must be tuincd into molasses foi mdustiiil ilcohol Viola ses has the disadvmtage of being shipped by tankeis—despei ateh needed foi oil—yyhile su^ai ein 1 e shipped on oidm iiy fieioht ei s Plan Shortage Ihus indci long distance plan nin^ it yvould have seeinetl bet ter to Inye turned the Cub-in cane crop into sugar and let the munitions industry get its alco hoi fiom (1) Mid West gram and whiskey distillers (2) from pe ti oleum Ickes oil experts haie been studying the petroleum pi ocess and find there is no limit to the amount of ethyl alcohol yvhich can be manufactured by this means Filltheimoie ethyl ilcohol is a by piodiet of lOOoctine g isoline now being pioduced in leeoid quan titles foi iiiplines ind ilso is i by pioduct of synthetic i ubbei Thus IS the eountiy turns out moie synthetic lubbei ind moie an ition ,^asoline moie in lustii il ilcohol y\ ill be a\ ail ible Note bug u iatiOiin„ goes i ito efleet 4piil 28 (Cipy ight 1942 by United Fe i tuie by ndieate Ine ) Pi Kappa Alpha oei 1 liateii ity announces the following new initiites Gene Citt Pi neeton Allied Dumi ose iielahoe New Voil (hulesVIul lei luelahoe New Noil Roy Kiik Cliea^o Illinois Pul H Nolfke li ell iiiai oils and Huns Bal ei W illianisville New foil
JL PL
Ct^Vl0
I 1 tu
Il PI j
N t 11 n f U c i n
h t for 1 r n
11 t 1 s It r 1 1 urj o 1 o not cm I It ) 1 to c nt I xponent Ici itl 7 t I nennk tl I by r 1 urt uu rt l1 b r n b for n L 1 Ub 1 bl t t o Ihe following is taken from the Exponent of March 12 1918 One of the lindmail s of the pie histone pa t of the campus life th it his \ inished foicyei is the Ancient Oidei of Doim Devils is the in mites of the Men s doimitoiy (now Pin due Hill) y\eie pie ised to style themsthes The oiganiz ition com posed ill of the inm ites which mini beied ibout one hundied The f y onte pistime of the oiganization y\as yvatei tluowin,^ Ihis yi is sometimes eiuel—being thiown in w itei bucl et oi still lettei in the foim of i hai d gienide the lutei being made by filling i papei b ig yiith yyatei ind then dioppen upon the head of some inroeent pedes tn in yyhethoi t lye piofessoi oi
student
Bee luse ch ipel y\ is eompulso y it yyas theie tint the A 0 D D ippeaied in ill of then gloiy At tendance to eh ipel yv is ehall ed up by^ student monitois Ch ipel yv is held 111 the top stoiy of Univei ity H ill Remains of the old eh ipel ue still existin^ Piofessois eondueted chapel n tuin ind ill in tuin at me time 01 inothei flunl ed the Louis Pi ivei Iiteiiuptun ol ehipe! was thought to be i duty of the A 0 D D Loosenin,^ the pi in stiings w is i 1 ivoi ite device inel buililing el ib 01 ite stiuetuics of tie ii 1 posts on tl e pi itfoi m w IS inothei Some times eyeits tool i elifleie i ti i ml some h glily leloiiteiou eh m le 1 w nil 1 be let loo
Pharmacy Delegates To Convene Tuesday Phaiinacy faculty membeis and students fiom eleven diffegent uni veisities nd membeis of six state boaids of phaimacy will hold then annual meeting foi this legion on the campus next Tuesday and Wed nesday Di Geoige DeKiy of the University is chairman of the eol lege gioup while A Lee Adams of the Illinois boaid ot phiimaey wilj^ seive as chaiiman of the phaimitfy
boaids
Beginning luesday moining i se lies of meetings both joint and sep aiate yvill be conducted by Dean Glenn L Jenkins of the ph ii niacy school, Di S J Millei of the health seivice ind Dein E R Seile of the Uniyeisity of Illinois school ot phiimacy Di DcKiv st ited that Indi ina diuggists aie invited to it tend my oi ill ol the sessions y\hieh will continue loi two diys Dienner To Discuss Patent Regulations At AS ME Meeting Ameiiein Society of Meehinicil Liioineeis yyill haye is tl eii speil ei John \ Die inei it i meetii „ next Tuesday eyening it 10 i i loom 207 ol the Mechiiiical In neeim^ build n M Dieiiiu h chosen is his tope Pilent Li and Its Rel ition to th Lngiieei Being one ol the moi l pumniit patent attoi cy ii the I iLid States he n ly Ic e n idcic 1 in luthoiity on this sul jeet Ills bu i ness takes him to VV i hin^ton D C th oil hout the yen Diennti w is i ^uest spe il ei it list yeais 411 Ln^iicei binqiet and he selves is the Un veisity s pitent attorney it this tune Dive Utley ASME Piesident y\ill pit Side it the mcetin^ Sii ce this t ill will be helpful to beniois t ikin en g neeiin,, idni ni tiaiioi qoi ses th s meeting will be open to my one who eaies to ittend Jo eph C lid veil i Pimeeton gi iduite yv is the fit t pusident ef the Ln \ ei ity of Noi th Cau 1 i i Ihe college ot eomiiieiee mu bus mess idni t isti it on of Til me un v isitv )lfci eou c n I itin 4nuiieii t ide pioeedi c
Eveiythiiig foi a College Ediuation DEAC’S
Daily Health Service Report
Jeanette Rutheifoid HE 43, en teied thb Home Hospital foi meth cal tieatment Tuesday Enteimg St Elizabeth Hospital foi medic il tieatment Wednesday yveie Lois M Goeiss Ch 12 and Victoi Matting ley PhE 42 Jack M Kelly yvas disehaiged fiom St Elizabeth Hospital Tues day aftei leciving siugical tieat ment Disehaiged fiom the same institution Wednesday weie Maiy Andeison HE 42 medical tieat nieut John J Baiiow Sc 45 con tagious disease and Bonita Rob bins HE 14 suigeiy Doiis Piekeimr, HE 14 was dis chaiged fiom tho WRH infiimaiy Wednesday ittei icceiving medic il tieatment and Thuisdiy the foi loyvmg weie disehaiged fiom St Elizabeth Hospital Ralph E Pio belt ME 43 contagious disease and Jack H Sinipson ME 43 mod leal tieatment IM Schedules B ifaketball Moiidiy Alateh 30 CoLllt o 8 00 Ciicle Pine vs Miiyyood 8 fo Phi Deltilhcti vs Sif,m i Phi Epsilon Ihcse gillies must be jilayed oi' foifcited at this tune 1> iseball The foil living bill teims will pi IV bl cbill it 4 li Mon i ly cve
nm
W 1 1 ^7 vs A 1 21 Di mil 1 1 Midi vs lid ’ Di iniond AA 1 1 vs AV u 1 5 Dia iioi il 5 AAt lid vs AA^ lid 2 ) Di iiiiond 4 AV id S vs AA 11 i 21 Di imond '' Ihelirui sill ingle Di imoiul 0 Al] h K ipj i L mil d i vs Phi Kapp i Pbi Di imond 7 DcltiCh y PI DcltiTheti Di imond 8 Delti Up lion vs Sigma Pi Diamond 9 fail 1 poilon Phi vs \lphi Chi Rho Di imond 10 j GSLLESPSE'S Dishes Silverware Glassware Cooking Utensils Dining Room Furniture 221 Columbia St Phone 6405
ON TRIAL toi her hie Ginger Rogois as Roxie Halt’ is not at all botheied in the comedy at the Mars fheatie Ihit Adolphe Menjoii (left)
and Geoige Montgomeiy with her
Personnel Motes Newmans Sponsor
Day Of Recollection Tomorrow Morning
It any senioi is inteiisted m in Intelvieyv yvith any of the follow ing companies complete one of tlio yellow Request foi Into view cuds 1 supply of which is m yoiu school oiTiee \ou will be lutihed by cud fiom the Peisoiinol Olhee when to schedule in mleiview Monsanto Chemi al ( o St I ouis Mo Ch L md Chcmi tiy foi si m mcL woil Tuniois onlv Come to the Pci oiiUcl Office bcfoie Much
31
Midwest AI(„ to Ctilesluif 111 ML Si 11 up 1 fie Pci 01 ncl Ot ticL bctoi c AI 11 ch 1 DuPont tonipinv AA il n i to Del iw uc I h D Cneniists in 1 Ch L Sign 1 Pi 1 Ol ncl Ot te Ictoic Apiil 2 Liewslti \ti mautic il t oi p John y 11c ] i PI 1 S u I ci soni 1 Olhcc 1 cl ) \i 11 liberty Pliutis Inc IT i ii Ito Olio AI I Sig 1 111 Pcisiiicl Oi I cc 1 1 It AI cl 1 AAoilhm^loii 1 limp A M ichuitiv ( I]) II J ^ r "I J 1 1 II ‘'I n 111 1 ( 1 cl Olhcc 1 c oic 4pi 1 1 < IV il At on uitic A !) imi i 11 1) )( It t vA isl 1 t 1 D t A ici i tl il ' 1 V lice I s ''Ig ADULT DANCING 1 CLASSES OPEN PEGSNNER'S TUES , APR!!. 7, 7 30 P M ADVANCED WED , APRIL 8, 7 30 P M ALLEN’S blh mil Ferry
Day of Recollection yvill he held toinoiiow it St Maiyb Citholie Chuiei Replieiiit, the toimei two di letieit spoil oied by the New man Club this piogiaiii will stait with ecnimuiiiin t the 9 30 miss Aftei letie hments in the audito 1 Him 1 ithei C h ipm in will conduct the fii t eonleinet Ihe second eon Iti nee will st I at J 11 in and yvill be lillowtl l\ I lie ly IIoui liom I t 11 II All itholic stu dc t c \ t I 111 Pc cl Olhcc 1 c loi c AI u th il 1 11 bihl Am ili< 11 ( 011) I mi uc i New All \I J 1 1 1 1 Sun m t sc 1 Oflitc Itlc c yVp 1 2 teifs A. Noitbiiip to Phi del h I AI I S Pc Ol ncl Ol ficc bcl 1C fill I ly Ap 1 9 3 1 c p It ssion il (1 ool c f soti il woil it J 111 u c invcisity is only one 11 tl c out
FOOD THE WAY YOU LIKE IT West Side Grill (You Be the judge)
Jlllllllllllll IIHIIIIII llllllllllllllilllll'llllllllllllllllilll!^ 2 2 1 Dr. A. M. Irion i I —DENTIST— I S 1191/2 Northwestern Ave = 1 Phone 4965 i
PumLusl £xfiomnL All-American 1940-'41
J ntered as seeond elabs mattci al the post olhcc in lafayelte Indiani undei the act of Congress of Maich i 1879 and at the special rate of posEge piovided loi in section 1103 let ol Oetobei I 1917 authori/id Januaiv 20 1922 Publishijd daily except Monday during the legulai leadenie yen md weekly during the summer Session Delivered loealh by tainer loi $3 50 pti yeai mail sub seriptions 81 00
I ditor i (Ilf %*•«« J dilor iManatmt L I lur
John I Amos lion T IJr pi 3 John H Armstrong
Hiisiness Managtr ( 1 t n M g Sports Lditor Vl c
William I) Millird K K ( J 1led C la k
Publication
Staff
Business
Staff
1 dill
rial S iff K
W I
IJ 1 li i
W G H 1
C oid IJu'jine a Min ttr
J 1 M
L n
A
1 H 1 r IJ
W 1 1
W J K f
1
Ad^crtisniy, Man
1 M W
U 1 1) I
rl J(
Staff 1 W K
( irculat un Maiufccr
II K1
n
( <<d
SI iff 11
11 11 ( ; 1 1
11 J
I ) JJ r
Art untK ManaLtr ]
I r
1
1 r 1 1
luniur ( otd Mai agir
1 II (1
1 1
Phones Editorial and Business 4005 Sports, 2792 Editorial Alter 10 P M 5377
M I
A
I III! ( 11 1, II I y I N y
1 N ( K I
I A I il tv 10
Staff For This Issue l sue Lditoi Iliad b Htporlcrs Si rl« Editor Kr „ li > A I
Kal l II s I ck a ij 1 I Wat 0
■'se ROGERS
LPHA LAST DAY — 2 HITS
imm&m - ! AST TIMES TODAY — iHF PICTUIiF YOU tS CFEj^V AIT'ACJO SEX
I ^
Jo£eoiMiJo£c . %
UN Ito ART SIS ^
SfatH TOMORROW ' lii'iiii'iTTMaiiaigSggHiiiiiiiiiii Iiimuiimu Ji'iiTi iriRSiMiM
MICHAEL REDGRAVE "SONS OF THE SEA" —Plus— CHARLES STARRETT — in — 'LAWLESS PLAINSMEN'
B From the novel by Rebecca jy ncey Williams
SUN MON —2 Fcafu ms ' ABBOTT and COSTELLO IN "KEEP 'CM FLYING' —PLUSWILLIAM GARGAN IN 'A CLOSE CALL FOR ELLERY OULEN
ARC
MSDNITE PREVUE TONITE n-T5 Back Agairs sii a Great New Hat!
LAST TIMES TODAY
M Pi.,_,, mmm
ADOLPHE MENJOU • GEORGE MONTGOMERY Lynne Overman • Nigel Bruce • Phil Silvers • Sara Allgood
EXTRA' SPECIAL' ^ 6« Sma r
Starts
TODAY MARS
— WITH — SrUARf FRWIN UNA MfUKir also KING OF THE TEXAa RANGERS LATEST PATHC NEWS SUNDAY MONDAYI ALL THAT MONEY CAN BUY BLONDIE IN SOCIETY CARTOON
MONA BARRBE BILLY LEE ROSCOE Kkms —TODAY— lEFFREY LYNN IN 'UNDERGROUND' PLUS '1 KILLED THAT MAN'^ ^^<4^ V i- ^ ^^ HkV{/ - ^ ^ M nT::5 ' \y'^ ^17\ u ^ ts—^ ^
■ipm..v -, " fi: ■;;, tr> '' Vf«
* N
By Sheldon Watson
Over 400 football coaches from all over the middle west, are expec^ted to invade otir campus next weekend when the eleventh/annual Boilermaker Football'Clinic gets under way for a/two-day show, April 3-4i.Many instructors have been chosen to illustrate somd of the new grid tactics for the wishing coaches. Among these are Don Hutson ..,. . . _; ,
and Geeil Isbell, star performers on' the jGreen ;Bay Packers professional team. Isbell is a former Boilermak,er, and his achievements on our gridiron will long be remembered. Burt Ingwersen, line eoach .at Northwestern University, and one of the best in the country, will also be present to help in the instruc-
tion. ,
Howard Will Speak
It was'announced yesterday that
Dan Howard, head football coach last night before a large crowd at Central High School of Evans- in Madison Square Garden in vine, will visit the annual clinic in the twenty-rfirst defense of his the capacity of a. principal speaker, heavyweight crown.
TTnwfn’H^.Q fpaiYiQ nf. Ppnfrnl Viqvp Just sixteen seconds of the sixth
Pufdiie
Heavyweight champion Joe Lpuis. scored a. six round knockout win over Abe Simon
Howard’s teams at Central have - been rated as the . strongest in southern Indiana fpr several seasons now. He is considered as an expert in certain phases of the grid game. Single wing back offense is one of his favorite topics. Mr. Howard will give a demonstration of this type of offense on Friday afternoon, and a lecture on the same topic at' the Saturday morning ses-
sion.
Friday night, April 3, the coaches will be entertained at the annual coaches banquet. Guy Mackey, Athletic/Director, has announced that Major John L. Griffith, Big Ten Athletic Commissioner, Avill be the principal speaker. Toastmaster for the evening will be Orville Hooker of Marion, president of the Indiana Goacbes Association. Following the banquet, Bob Nuff, head grid coach at North Side of Fort Wayne, will take charge of the coaches round table discussion. Epbert Ball,- president of the Indiana Officials’ Association, will preside over the olficials’ . round table talk.
The University of Southern California football team has been the nemesis of Notre Dame winningstreaks. In 1931 they, broke an extended Notre Dame victory string with a 16-14 verdict by virtue of Johnny Baker’s field goal in the closing seconds of the gamfe. In 1939 they ruined the Irish’s hope for an all conquering season with a 13-0 •upset triumph in a game that was played before 103,000 football fans.
rbund’had elapsed when the Brown Bomber landed a hard right on the point of Simon’s chin, to send the huge challenger • down like a log. Abe rolled over three or foUr times, but the game hoy was on his way
up at the count of nine.
Louis Starts Early
The first round saw Louis land 'with a flurry of rights and lefts to Simon’s jaw. The champion slipped to the canvas once when he was in the act of ' throwing a powerful right. During the second round, Louis literally tore -Simon apart with a salvo of rights and lefts. Abe went down twice and the referee had already counted two when
the bell sounded.
Simon gave his best performancein the third but lost the round when he landed a low blow. Louis looked tired and missed continuously. Throughout the fourth round the Brown Bomber stung the challenger v/ith rapicr-like lefts to the. jaw., In the fifth, Louis landed many more hard rights- and. lefts to Simon’s jaw. Abe’s knees buckled and the referee counted four when the bell sounded. In the sixth, Louis landed several more hard rigJits and lefts to the jaw before he finally succeeded in putting Simon down for keeps. Louis weighed 207 Vj while the challenger tipped the scales at 355pounds. This was the first fight 'which the Brown Bomber enga.ged in since he entered the army.
Joe Williamson, breaststroke artist , on Coach, Papenguth’s recently retired swimming team,, was elected last evenings almost unanamiously to be the captain of next season’s squad of aquatics. Every man on the team with a vote, spent it, on Joe, except Joe himself. Immediately following the election. Captain Williamson was immersed in —— the depths of the dilute chlorine of the iFeldhouse pool, to fulfill an ancient tradition. Joe was dressed, i%MiiMV,i^f rather undressed; for the occasion.
Holds Records
Joe hails from South Bend, Indiana, where he swam varsity on the Central High School swimmingteam for four years. During • his perambulations in'the Central pool in his high school days, Joe set a state record in the 100 yai'd breaststroke event that still stands. Since he began his swimming career here, Joe has continued his desire to hold the record, and at the present holds the 200 yard breaststroke . record in the Boilermakerpool. He also helped set the 300yard medley relay record for the pool. Besides these feats, Joe holds the Midstates AAU record in the 100 meter breaststroke event. As to the way Joe’s official title reads, he is at present a junior in the school of mechanical engineering. Providing, all goes well with, the old draft board, he’ll be a se-
nior in May.
Freestyler Too ’ Although Joe specializes in the breaststroke events, he is past average at doing- things freestyle too. In the final -meet of the swimmingseason last Saturday,, the Indiana Intercollegiate swimming- championship, Joe sryiim anchor man in the 400 yard relay in the absence of exCaptain Dick Kratzer, after he’d already set a new state record in the breaststroke and swam in the 300 yard medley relay. He hekl the lead given to him by his three predecessors to bring the Boilermakers home victorious in. what was the final event of the season. More Yet:—He Dives Besides his ability in gaining gi-ound in the pool, Joe shows more versatility by being something- of an ai-tist on the spririgbpard. This title of “artist” is amply backed up by
(MouhitL WMsJi,
Ted Clark
Flag. Waying-^ Even At A Boxing Bout Officials Never MisS'An Opportunity
Weatherman F^s
Coach Frank Boucher’s New York .Rangers will battle the.Toronto Maple Leafs in the Queen City tonight in the fourth game of the sei-ies which will decide which of these two great hockey teams will qualify for the final round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs, At the present time, the Leafs hold.g 2 to 1 lead in the best 4 out of 7 series, and the Blueshirts from Gotham will, be out to square matters. The Leafs upset the highly touted Rangers, who finished in first place and thereby won the National Hockey League title, in the first two games last Saturday and Sunday, hut the Blueshirts got back into stride last Tuesday when they handed Toronto a 3 to 0 defeat befox’e a sellout crowd in Madison Square Garden. Bruins Meet Wings The badly-battered , B o a t o n Bruins, who eliminated, Paul Thompson’s Chicago Blackhawks from the playoffs, will play a best 2 out of 3 series with the Detroit Red Wings, who were victoi’ious in their series with the Montreal Canadians. The winner of the Bruins-Wings series will then meet the winner of the New York-Toron-to series to decide which team will gain possession of the battered old^ Stanley Cup, which is emblematic of the world’s ice hockey championship. his display of showmanship, poise and originality on the high board in the latest Aquacade.
Were you slightly nauseated by the bilge that flowed out of your radio prior to the Louis-Simon fight last night ? The columnist was not too surprised at the trumpet fanfares, the speech of some muckety-muck about the Axis trying to take the championship away from the United States. No, when Jerry Cooper sang- the National Anthem with a Bing Crosby touch, we didn’t even bat an eye. The announcer uttered a few choice little words about the “American way” (as if he knew what it was) and.the Champion spoke 'nice little words that some designing gent must have put in his mouth . . . that is carrying it too far. Louis is a great champion and maybe he is as philanthropic as they tell us. But he is a simple chap, who has probably never had a serious thought in his life. * . The.latter is certainly not to his detriment, for Joe is not quick witted and not educated. Therefore, he can not be expected to be too sharp. We are not gullible enough to believe that the Brown Bomber thought up that clever little talk at the end of the fight all by himself. , Joe’s usual banter at the conclusion of one of his scraps runs something like this, “another luclcy night, he’s a great and game fighter and I will be willin’ to fight him again' any time.” So, to get-hack to the point, we were surprised at the stuff Joe gave out with. But why didn’t those lads with the bugles blow taps for Abe Simon after the technical knockout ? They missed a point there. And why didn’t the Army Relief Fund have Kate Smith sing, “God Bless America” in her typical style ? That was another boner. It is a good thing that the clever Jack Blackburn took sick when he did. We shudder to think what would have happened if Louis had entered the Conn fight minus his great trainer and advisor. When Bill Corum said that Joe was going into the fight weighing 207 Vz we feared that he wasn’t in shape according to the Blackburn way. And an army camp isn’t a good place to train. If you here anyone say that Louis can get along without the crafty “Chappie,” tell him he is screwy. Joe can lick anyone when he doesn’t have to do too much thinking, but when he runs into a rough spot Blackburn must come 4o his rescue with advice or the champ would find that crown toppling- from his brow. If .Simon had presented Joe with any kind of a problem last night. Ample Abe might he heavyweight champion of the world this mprning . . . horrible thought isn’t it? As it was Abe fought according to hoyle in his slow, lumbering fashion and it stood to reason that Joe would tag him sooner or later. Of course, Joe had fought the big Long Island Jewish boy before and you know what that means. When Louis fights them twice they’re usually an easy mark . . . witness Schmeling, Buddy Baer, Godoy, Natie Brown and others.
The heavyweight situation is .in sad straights now and we wonder who Louis will tangle with next. Blackburn claims there will be returns with Bob Pastor and Lou Nova. Mike Jacobs owns all of the present crop of heavies except Simon and Pastor (those two fight for Jimmy Johnston), and Uncle Mike hesitates to put a young, rising fighter in against Louis for fear the champ will ruin the neophyte. Furthermore, the army will take good cai'e of Joe for a time so who can tell what a mess the fight game will develop into. It could be worse without Louis . . . but let’s not talk about that. Buy Defense Bonds And Stamps
By Jim Ackermafi Because of the unfavomble weather conditions, the Riveter nine practiced undeK,the Fieldhouse roof last., evening to get in final shape fan th^e St. Joe series, starting Mon^y. Coach Fehring’s charges had batting practice under the cages and throwing practice -with each other. Three rope screens were set up fur the batters to practice under. Fehring also demonstrated sliding and then the team ran through the sliding exercises. Pitchers also worked out on the mound trying to get their arms in condition. The veteran hurler, Walter Leifheit, still looked like the best pitching prospect for the coming season. Five Days Outside So far the Boilermakers have been able to garnish only .five days of outdoor drill. If the weathermen permits, the Riveters hope to get in their spring training against the squads of St. Joe and Wabash. The Pumas come to the Riveter domain Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday for a three game series, and, the Little Giants will present, themselves Friday for one ganje.^and next Saturday for a double header. Since the southern trainipg.trip was cancelled, the sextet of ganaes was added, to the schedule: as a practice session. Both St. Joe„ arid Wabash have experienced teams and should pi-ovide plenty of opposition. Six New Fa.ces Though Coach Fehi-ing had Jittle chance to see just what type of material he haS' on his squad, he thought yesterday that there woiild be at least six new faces in Yhe opening batting order fdr the. coming season. Only one varsity pitcher is remaining from last yes^rs squad and only one infielder- and one outfielder. , . If the skies clear up for Monda’^s game, Walter Leifheit -will probably take the mound for the first three innings. Tony BertOi.^will probably pitch the next three, and sophomore- Paul Patrick will have the last trio of innings. Two Veteran Pitchers , j. St. Joe will come to the campus with the two veteran pitchers. Probably veterans Mauri Gutsell.or Bill Shine will hurl the first contest at the beginning. The Pum@s have a hard infield to beat. The. infield is built around veteran John; Boyle, the first baseman, and spsh nucleus as Gil Hodge at third, Frankie Staucet at short, and Stan Lapsys at. the keystone sack. The outfield will be picked from Don Clark, Armand Caminati, ■ Bob Kelley, Stan Wisniewski, .Paul Reichert and Bob Heiny. The catching will be amply cared for by Bill Gladen. Lineup Named Coach Fehring’s probable starting lineup for Monday’s gamh will be: Ed Cook, 2b; Paul Friend, cf; Jim Rush, If; Goi’ge Burghardt,'Ih; Bill Carson, rf; Charles Rawles, ss; Charles Wright, or Ernest Young, 3b; Walter Smith, c; Walter Leifheit, p. . Of the above men named, Cook, Friend, Rush, Burghardt, Wright and Smith, will aU be. making theii- • initial appearance on the Boilermaker nine.
Wrestling Results iMcDonald of Purdue defeated Mott of Iowa State Teachera College; Metovina of Purdue de-rt feated Lee Blank of, Alford Uni? versity; Logan, of Oklahoma A and M defeated Britt; Ellison of Cornell College defeated Greg? ory; Torowiski of Kent won by fall over Ruggerie; two Purdup men qualified for semi-finals^ Oklahoma A and M and Mieh? igan State tied for semi-finalistSsi”rf « '
'V t '
^ ^ ! ■* ^ ^ ^ ^ ? fWi; ’ .J. i* ^ ^ ^ ' f' V ^
I '-’'1'?
iWf'"I%e4’
Purdue Exponent
Saturday, March 28^1942
9n, Jha, Dorsey
^PuuUvduiA,
The M cslo Toundation Sundae ProKram at the Fir'st 3Ie(hodist Chinch (Comer Chauncci and South) 9 30—Thiet Stuck iit Cla‘'‘cc"^ 1 "The Life of Cliii'^t’ Mill be taupht b\ Dean M I Fi'hci Dean of Men 2 “Undci'-taiKlina: Ouisthes” taught In Ml .1 C Fianklin 3 “The Meaning of Piaici” tausrht In The Rev E R BalsUi 10 40—Moining Woiship SeiMcc Doctoi Otto Steele Mill use as his thenu “Ciucifiing Oui King’ The chon Mill fuini'^h special music 5 10—At these meetings ot Vesp Gi« the neM Foundation officeis loi the coming leai Mill be elected E\ eii student is uigcd to attend
Purdue Christian Foundation Sundat Progiam at lafaictte Chiistian Chinch (ith & Noith St ') 16—Catch ude tioni Idl S Grant 0 30—Student Class 41] out loi the installation of the iicm ofheeis and the \aiious chan men Heai' Pi of Robeitson “Big Robbie,” speak 10 40—Chuieh Moiship Seivice Special Palm Sundai piogiam “Open Doois and Closed Minds’ is the subiect of the Re\ Doile Mul len s SCI mon 6 00—Assemble foi tiip to Chuieh building 5 15—10 eciit Suppei at Chuieh Bldg 5 45—Piogiam of Foiuni begins Mith Mis Meile MeCluie speaking on “Famil\ Poi trait about the Life of Jesus 7 30—-Vespers in the loim of i leligious diama appiopiiate foi the Lenten Season, “Thy Son Lneth ilong Mith foul anthenib b\ the C hoii
Episcopal Students Senices at St John's Chinch Sixth and Fern Blessing of Palms and Hol\ Com munion, 8 am Bieaktist in Paiisli House, folloMing seiMce Hoh Communion (ehoial) and SCI mon 10 45 a m Pi of L W La biee and chon in anthem The Palms’ b\ Fame Seimon b^ Rev Reese F Thointon
(Continued fiom page 1) IS being chaiged toi Doi soy’s appeal ance hcie The band Mill come diiectly fiom Bloomington Mheic they played foi the Indiana Uiiiyeisity piom last night Rccciith loted the nation’s beeond lankiiig band in both sMeet and sMing depaitmeiits, Doisey, his famoiis'ti ombone and his band have set leeoids in the past teais that feM bandb ean touch and has been in demand foi both personal ap peaianees and ladio shoMS Hib adaptation of classics to SMing ih^thm, eeisions of tunes of the Dixieland xaiiet^, his “modem” SMing, and success Mith “sMeet” tunes haie all been lesponsible foi the aeclaniation he leceives annual ]\ in nation Mide magazine polls Featured Vocalists In addition to his instiumentalists including his omit talent, Doi se^ Mill piesent his featured ban tone Flank Sinatia Mho has M'on aeelaim foi his unusual “lomantie” stvle, Connie Haines, mIio has been leatui ed b5 Doi sey since June, 1940, and the Pied Pipeis Quaitet, Mhieh has peimanenth joined Doisey’s oi ganization attei stveial appealances with him betMeen tups to HollyMood to complete seveial mo tion pictures Although Doisey has been giant ed a “Doetoi of SMing” degree, and lemembeied foi the untoigettable “Mane’ and “I’ll Nevei Smile Again,” by dance Ians all oiei the nation, the mining toMiis ol Penn silvania knew of the ace tiombon ibt as a oung member of his ia thei’s biass band which touicd the coal towns, and played one night stands aiound the Keystone state until Tommj joined other oic)Ks tias and began liis upMaid climb Ihe backdiop foi the dance to night Mill be thiee dimensional Mai0011 cambiie loims the back giound with a dome appealing in the foieMaid beaiing ‘ Tommi Doi sLj ” B indstands aie made ot leel cellophane Mith laige letteis “T D ’
on each
Co-ops To Present Annual Open House
Notices
Sliiilcnt Arl (Siilld Mictins: TUicsdiiV Maich 31, behind library iC its nice wea thcr Otherwise in Room 361 ot the Union —PARKS
Phillips Will Speak At Fitness "Program
Robertson Will Talk At Foundation Class
Pi of C H Robeitson Univeisit-j alumnus Mill speak befoi e the stii dent class of the Puidiu Chiistian Foundation at 9 JO tomoiioM morning in the Lafaeette Chiistian Church Sixth and Noith Stieet'His talk Mill be ielated to the eele Ination oJ Palm Suiidaj Pievious to the speeeh theie Mill be an installation sciviee toi all iKM officeis and committee chan man of the Foundation
fr-
DR
PAUL A
RISK
DR
LUTHER A
RISK
DR
HAROLD J
RISK
- DENTISTS
—
400
404 Schultz
Bldg
4tH and Ma
n St
Lafayette "—</
FOR Ihe MDDERIV “GREEK
^ Favors lur Your SiJriiiij liaiirus ^ Crustod Swoidlioart Jowolry ^ Swiiiitliuart Pins
^ Fraluniily JiiMolry
Give a Cresled Gift
BALFOUR
FRATERNITY JEWELER Bill Bostain, Agent
Tomoiiow afternoon fioni 3 to 6 all coopeiative houses Mest ot Giant Street will hold then an nual open house Faculty members and students aie invited to visit the houses a^d en|oy then hospitality This gi oup of houses includes Antigonish, 16 Univeisity Street, Ciiele Pines, 226 South Giant Street, Luma, 105 State Street, Kneale, R R No 10, Owen, 421 Univeisity Street, Rochdale, 21b Waldion Street, Shoemakei, 103 Russell Street Aeeoiding to Kenneth Tiuax, so eial chairman ol the SC A the remaining houses Mill have then oMn ojien house tMO weeks latei, Sunckn Apiil 12
Chem nnd Met nn«inccrinsr luniori All luniois who have not filled out tmiiloymcnt intirview blanita report to Di Braj a of flee room 104 Cln m and Met ISinldinK Blanka miiat be filled out by April 1 - BRAY
PAC Impoitant meetini; Wednesday April 8 for eUition of olTiceis All present mombeis and new senior manaitera please attend —ADAMS
Agr Bd Society Anitual dinner at 6 16 p m Wedneaday, April 1 in the Home Eco nomies building tlieketa may be obtained from Cairoll Coleman and Henry Witz for GO cents —eOLltMAN
Exiionciit Staff There will be a ujeetinef ot all newly elected junior ed and coed editors in the Exponent olTlco Saturday Mafch 28 at 1 20 p ni It is important that you be there —BROPMY
Alpha Phi Omepn lute ivlewmit committees turn in names and reports to Bert Keek immediately —BREWER
Student War Council Meetinir at 1 p na Satuiday March 28 in the Student Senate olfice - DIBOS
Science Seniors All science seniors who haye not culled at my office in the past week to fill out senior blanks are rceiiiested to do so at once ■—ENDEllS
Ail Oriranizntions All dubs fiatirnitics and lionoianes that have bills due on 1042 Debus pnti adyertisements will you please Kive them immediate ulteiitioii ADAMS
Senior Cadet Officers Siirn up immedi atelv on adyaneed course bulletin buaid foi appointments to haye pictures taken JOHNSON
Episcopnl Students Holy communion ni Sam Sunday M irch 20 followed by break fust in Palish House at St Johns Church —THORNTON
PAC Impoilint mtetmi; Wednesday April 8 Election of olfietis All present members and new senioi mamuteis please ittend ADAMS
Condition Examinations Exams in AM 21 and AM 22 will be Kiyen in room 110 Heayiion Hall on Saturday March 28 from 1 to 4 Pel mils may be obtained in the main office of llcuyilon Hall —POORMAN
All Home Economics Students Plan to attend annual Omieron Nu Vircinia C Mti /idth Club dinner at 6 JO pm luosday March J1 in tin Home 1 eonomics Cafe term fiekets will be on sale at Home Eeo nomies buildiiii; office at Soiority houses and resilience halls for 60 cents - BIvANK
Alpha Lambda Delta Initiation services will be held at 8 a m in room 232 bf the Union Sunday March 20 All netives bo then at 7 20 Breakfast afterwards Will bo 46 cents —MacDONOLD
Alpha Phi Omega loimil pledging and impoitnnt business meeting at 7 30 pm Juesdaj Mulch 11 in loom JOi of Union KUCK
PIA Board Members Bainpiet tickets an fifty cents SUJTNLR
Itogcr Williams thih Easter sunrise seiv lee All club members meet at tin parson age 140 b Giant it 6 Ij a m and from there ’’o to Steeleys Woods A bieakfast Mill be serytd immediately after this meet ing at till ehureli Pi ice 15 cents ULREY
bfiidciit bciiaic Mteting will be belt! Tuesday Maicli 11 at i 10 pm in the Sen att office Officeis will be elected —DIBOS
Fnginecrini, Students I here will In an open lYueling of the ASML pixt Tuesday Maieli 11 at 20 pm in loom 207 of the M E Buildinr' John A Diennci University imleiit alloiiuy will siieak on Patent Eaw and its Relation to the Engineer iOI INKA
Purdue 1 lying Club Due to C A P Navy day meet in Vincennes nnd Evansville on Saturday and Sunday March 28 nnd 29 the scheduled air meet will be postponed until April 12 Plans for the air meet will be discussed at the next regular meeting For information call Bernhard or Habicht —BERNHARD
SCA Ldiicntiuiinl Chnirninii llieu will bo an iinpoitant meelinjr luesday M ireh 11 in the SCA room at 1 p m —MeCRARY
Elliott Speaks
(Coiiliiiutd fioin pAge 1) of Amtileans, and these aie the b isis ot Amciican fiecdom ” Aftci the clinnci the vaiious gioups attended meetings, on “Stimulation of Student Oigam/a tions ” The convention will continue thiough today and tomoiioM This attei noon a bioadtast will be pie sented ovei WBAA at which time membtis ot the National Student ledciation Mill explain the aetivi tie'! of the oiganization
I rcsliman Engineers Meet foi Lnunecr in^ lectures Satur(l(\ March 28 at 8 a m bv schools Students hose names bcirin with A 1 lincl ) room 12M CE Bldj, T Lc (inel ) loom 201 CE Bldjr Li R (incl ) lectuic room in Miehatl Golden Shops S / loom 254 IL Bldt. (second fl)or Icctui uom) Lite tudents will not be admitted KNAPP
Fraternity Affairs Office Chess fournoy Ah fast round mateh results must be reported to the office by Satuiday Muieh 28 —WILCOX
Westminster Foiindulion Ihe fouiida lion will have no jmitiia until LasU i Aft (r Laster at least two mole social functions ire planned A lollci skatniK: party is planned immediate Iv iftir Easter ami a picnic is planned for the latter i arl ol Apnl Cl ARK
I lyiiiff Club Club 1 js have aiiived An\ om wishint theirs now may phone me at 80o3 —HABICHT
UnclerRraduntc Dames Club Meetinpr luesdav Mireh U at iO at the home ol Mrs Otte LiUriiia: lOt West lutz St Bob Parks will s leak on Aecesbories Im the Home BAIL
AM Women Students Plm to attend an nual Omieion Nu Virynnia C Meredith Club dinner at 0 R1 i m luesdav March H in the Home Economies eafetcni Tiekets will be on Stic at Home Bee nomies Buildintr of flee at sororit> hnisc'' and residence halls foi oO cents BLANK
CnlaWst Club 1 leetion if officers Will 11 (lav Apnl I at HO Sii,ii list in l)i lovells office and piek up a topy of the constitution before Tuesdnv noon YODI R
Scabbard and Blade Meeting I ridav \piil T at I 15 in the Armer\ to absim posts 111(1 woik out details foi Best Sol ditr Contest All actives please be theu You ale needed lACKSON
C E Makeups b xamlnat on to leniovc Card I Kiades in C L 21 (streses) will be uven 111 room 801 of the Civil Buildintr from I 4 pm Saturday Mereh 2H Ihise eon cel nid cont let me at ( nee —SONI SON
THE EATING HOUSE COMPLETE KAMPUS kitchen
Wanted 1 ull time sfenorrapber and toneral office assistant Purdue backt,round preferred Apply by letter Exponent Box No 1
To a Woman Spring means Gay Colorful Clothes
You can keep this touch of spring in your new clothes by using Crown Cleaning Service regularly.
TMitwrilcrs Xdding M rIiiik<; nil m ikta li I I U I 1 piiriii anljiirchi I Mime t,i 11 Ij work (li 1 C I ] bushulJ OOj Mum I af 1 i tie riuM c 2 1
I o I Mdiih n on W Ml 1 I ( 11 It S| lit I (. t I III r ul t I. 1 Him 1(1 (ill OIU Ildli I Sm tl
Fur Kent S 1 tii I in m b ij il m
I li K 1 ink \ 1 Unni. t\
@S0WN Laohdry
i he II JbOb t
Discussing “What Is Physical Fitness” 3 lick Coach Herman Phillips Mill take pait in the pio „iani on physical fitness m eon neetion Mith national iielense Mhieh Mill Ik held in Indianapolis tod ry Moie than jOO pel sons eoniueted Mith physical education and nation il defense Mill attend the meeting Occasion foi the distussion is thi spiing meeting of the Indiana As sociation for Health Phjsical Edu cation and Rtercation, / section of the Indiana State Teachers Asso elation
lor Rent W( t Suk I ui ni hi I I i m lu h If (f (Kubli Gi tl it riioiu (G-'TJ
Top o£ the Hill
offers
THE NEW PREMIERE VICTOR RECORDRAMA
beeucs from bliakcsiicarc's
MACBETH
Here is a new and fascinating idea in record albums—an album that not only serves as a container for the records, but gives a running account of the action with proiicr inserts of the proper text at the proper, lime. Ihc records and the album constitute an inseparable and highly workable unit nhicli will add immeasurably to }oiir pleasure. Maurice Lvans, greatest of present-day bhakespearcan actors, and Juililh Anderson arc in the midst of a niagnifitcnl success on tin Neyv York stage. Their records will bring to vou some of the grc.itcst scenes in all Shakespeare. With a supporting cast and incidental music
Albiiiii M-87» INiiu 12 record sides
$5.52
111 Ihg McLoun Music Store 514 Mam St.
MY MOMMY
DONE TOL' ME
THAT WHENEVER I LOSE SOMETHING THAT I NEED GREATLY, JUST CALL 4005 AND ORDER A
ADVERTISING PAYS
CLASSIFIED AD
IN
9CftJ04ie4di
\ \