V ♦
Buy your tickets soon for the Debris Beauty Show.
Volume 52. No. 53
West {.ofayette. Indiana
Rural Forum Vititors^ Glad you came; cmno back soon.
Saturday, November 9, 1940
iveters
s Today At New York
0 //
U)Oman A Ooaaiional (^n^oMnaa OpanA JuoAdaij.
"Feminine Futures" Is Theme Of vySG>\ Sponsored Meeting Begin Distribution
Co-eds Are Excused From Their Classes Gephart And Omdoff
Of Military Dance
By Mary Burtsfield * Today WSGA announces the theme “Feminine Futures” of its Vocational Conference to t be held on the campus Tuesday and Wednesday, November 12 and 13. The conference is a bit enniai project sponsored by the WSGA and assisted by the ’’ Placement Service for Women. Heading* a list of 30 speakers is Miss Sarah Blanding, dean of women at the University of Kentucky and president of the National Association of Deans of Women. She will open the conference at a general session with the key speech, “Today’s Challenge to You” on Tuesday evening, November 12, at 7:30 o’clock in Fowler Hall. Immediately ^ after her speech a student reception will be held in the lobby of the hall. Highlight Of Conference Highlighting the conference on Wednesday at the concluding session from 3 to 4 o’clock in the south ballroom of the Union will be Presi- ^ dent E. C. Elliott and Jacqueline Cochran, famous aviatrix and businesswoman. Dr. Elliott, who will . speak on “Characteristics Necessary for a Job Success,” will also preside at the meeting, introducing (Continued on page 4)
Win Prizes In Annual Monday
Camera Club Exhibit
W. F. Gephart and John Omdoff were judged winners of the annual Camera club exhibit which opened yesterday in the Music Room of the Union. Gephart took both grand prize and first place in the pictorial group for advanced amateurs with his picture “Wooden Beams.” Gephart also took first in the miscellaneous group for advanced amateurs with his “Calling Mr. Smith,” First In Staff Division Omdoff took first place in the pictorial group of the staff division with “DesMet on Lake MacDonald” and first place in the miscellaneous staff group with “Dictator.” In the amateur division for those who have exhibited before, R. W. Olesen took first in the pictorial group, Alan Morehouse first in the miscellaneous group and W. H. Breeden first in the portrait section. The pictures were judged Thursday evening by Prof. E. J. Kohl, Prof. A. H. Carter and J. C. Osborn, e.g.k.
The Military Ball committee yesterday announced that distribution of programs will start Monday at 8 a. m, at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. The programs are made of white leather with “Purdue” in raised gold letters across the front. The cord will be red to represent field artillery col-
ors.
The committee further stated that a few tickets remain available at the cashier’s office. A part df these have been set aside for University staff members. Grand March The grand march will begin at 10:30 and Scabbard and Blade fall pledges will be announced at 11:45 o’clock Friday night. Charlie Barnet and his band will play in the ballroom while Gus Arnheim will play in the cafeteria. Barnet is featuring, his new vocalist and trombonist. Ford Leary, who was formerly with Larry Clinton. Leary specializes in vocal novelties, and has been recording with Barnet fdr the past two months. The Union will be closed from 9 until 1 o’clock and turned over exclusively to the dancers. Co-ed hours have been extended until 2 a. m. for the (ball. r.s.k.
Eds, Co-eds Learn A Lot About Drs.Worzella And Cutter
Each Other From Gold Diggers
November 9, 1940, ^ Morning after Gold Diggers. Dfar Mother; Gee, Mom, I learned a lot last ^ night. You know I told you about this Gold Diggers Ball when I was home * last week-end. Remember, the girls take the boys. Well, it happened last night. I 4 took Bill. Remember, I told you about him, too. And it was swell. Mom. The music was good and Bill was too. He didn’t make me carry as many things as some of the other girls had to. Only his pipes (about 10 of them), tobacco and his typewriter.
I didn’t mind, really. Mom. It was such fun. And you should have seen Bill in his corsage that I fixed up for him. It was a whole string of card-board slide-rule cases. I made him wear it around his neck. I made him walk to the dance, too. But he was a good sport about it and laughed a lot. Gee, I like him. Mom. But what I’ve been trying to get to about learning. Mom, is that I sure will appreciate dates with boys from now on. Gee, it takes a lot of planning and foresight to figure out what you’re going to do. And I never really thought about the money it takes for a date before. But now I know that it takes a lot. That’s what I learned, Mom—^to appreciate dfites more. Guess there is a lot of sense to these turn-about affairs, .and a lot of fun, too. Say, Mom, could you say something to Da4 about making my allowance just a little extra next week? Just a little? Lovingly, Betty.
November 9,1940, • Morning after Gold Diggers. Dear Dad; Well, Pop, I guess we set the women-folk on their ears last night. Remember I told you about this Gold Diggers Ball in my last letter. Well, it came off last night. Betty “took” me. I told you about Betty in my letter, too. I started off thinking what a helluva dull evening it was going to be. You know women have no idea of how to plan things. Except Mother. But, honest to goodness. Dad, the little gal had it all figured out. She slaps a “corsage” of empty cardboard slide-rule cases around my neck and tells me politely that if I want to go to the dance I walk. So I do. And I loved it. ’Course I hadn’t exactly slipped up myself, because I slipped her about a half-dozen of those pipes you gave me Christmas, a can of tobacco and my portable. That kept her busy for a while. Naturally, though, I carried the tsrpewriter for her until we got to the dance. You ancLMother taught me that. Laughs were a dime a dozen and the whole affair was fun. The nicest thing about it was what Betty said when “she took me home.” We were standing there about to say, “Goodnight,” when she said, “Gee, Bill, I didn’t really appreciate dates until tonight. Now I know how much trouble it is for you to take me out.” . That’s the best thing about the evening, don’t ypu think so. Dad? She’s swell. Dad, and' I’m going to take her ta Military Ball next weekend. I just wonder if you could swell my allowance a couple of bucks because of that. Dad? x. Love, Bill.
... of the agronomy staff attended the tri-sectional meeting of the American Association of Cereal Chemists held yesterday at the
University of Illinois.
... and his band will play for the weekly mixer tonight in the north ballroom from 9 to 12. Withrow Will Speak At AlChE Meeting Prof. J. R. Wii^hrow, chairman of the department of chemical engineering at oW State University, will speak on the subject “The New Chemical Fibres, Rayon, Nylon, Vinym and spun fiberous glass” at the November meeting of the American Chemical society Wednesday evening at 7:30 o’clock in room 211 of Stanley Coulter Hall. ^ A dinner in honor of Dr. Winthrow will be held before the meeting in the Chestnut room of the Union, according to a statement received from Prof. F. J. Allen of the chemistry department. The statement went on to say that instead of the usual dinner each person will be free to order whatever he chooses from the menu, e.g.k.
All Rural Eyes Focus On University As National Forum Attracts 2,000 Visitors
By J. H. Armstrong Last night we investigated that convention that’s beep STirprising kll the students who’ve run into Boy Scouts and art exhibits in the Union during the last couple of days, and found not the usual run-of-the-mill gathering that we’ve learned to expect most any and all times somewhere on the campus. Here was a really national convention with representatives here from some 32 states. It’s the annual National Rural Forum of the American Coimtry Life Association. ACLA A Voluntary Group That got our curiosity up and we found that the ACLA is a “voluntary organization of persons working for a worthy country life in tl|e United States.” Since 1919 it has been holding these annual conferences on topics relating to the building of a finer rural civilization in this country. With such a broad purpose, it’s been bringing together all sorts of ‘agencies that have a part in our rural life. In the exhibits in the Coffee Shop lounge of the Union there were sections devoted to church work, to the Boy Scouts and Sea Scouts, to the Indiana State Highway Commission, the AAA and so many other groups that we couldn’t begin to remember them all. It seems that this convention has
Elevens Evenly Matched In Aerial, Running Attack l.borat«v Gnup ^
Piesenb Iw. Mays * By Joe Dolan
a fa f aa Exponent Sport s Editor As jGSSOn S Upener Rankm LE Dennery
Neff LT Kusman
Last night Playshop presented its jr
laboratory group in two plays Jr-ierce “Skiol,” a tragedy, and “Suppressed Axton C DeFillipo Desires,” a comedy, in Fowler Hall Melton.. RG Satori before an audience of approximate- Timperman.. RT Ungerer ly 200 people. McCaffery.... RE Lansing In these plays “green dramatists o j ,-kT> -iwt ili to oor compos disW their taleots SnydCT. QB Noble for future possibilities in Playshop Galvin LH .Eshmont productions. Robert Van Deusen Anderson RH Blumenstock and Sarah Frances Kan should be Petty FB ....Fillipowicz
recognized. The production staff
should be complimented on its rea- At the crossroad where giidlistic tropical storm in “Skiol.”^ Sev- iron fame takes leave of medieral important characters spoke too Qc^ty, Purdue’s Boilermakers fast to be imderstood by the audi- j t, • ^ i i. • -uj. j. a.%.
paused briefly last night at the
Casts Westchester Country Club, “Skiol,” written by Ruth Wattles Rye, N. Y., to end preparations and directed by William Heath, was for the Fordham battle of tolaidinthenewsroomof theMani- jay. From there they move la Times. Its cast consisted of Cole- . j j.- » man, Eobert Van Densen; Hnnfc ‘I*® nation’s Upper Dale Bremerman; Stanis, Jean brackets or down among the Fassnacht; Davis, Dick Kohls; also-rans^ Streeter, Malvern Schweig; Cline Iij the Fordham Ram ranks, an Loring, Dick Sidwell; and Ann Lor- eleven that stands in the same siting, Martha Jane Fox. nation, harbors the same ambitions “Suppressed Desires,” written by and uses the same style of weapons, George Cram Cook and Susan Glas- the Riveters meet a dangerous, pell and directed by Betty Erick, rough foe that may provide one-half was laid in New York City. The cast of a real thriller this afternoon, was Henrietta Brewster, Trena Tor- Evenly Matched renga; Stephan Bifewster, George The ball game, to be played on Osborn; and Mabel, Sarah Frances the sod and infield of the Polo Kan. Grounds, the home of the New York The production staff for both Giants baseball organization, gives plays consisted of John Gilley, Tom little to the prognosticators to stand Bushnell, George Heidenreich, Paul on, since the elevens are almost Brink, Stanley Corman, Phil Henze, evenly matched on the ground and Dick Reul, Ruth Bryant, Martha in the air. Cullop, Beth Partenheimer, Grace Puirdue’s line is a slight bit lightByrne, Peggy Howard, Bimi Kis- er than the opponent forward wall; sam, Marian Howard and Eleanor however, this deficiency is taken Peterson. o.l.a. (Continued on page 3)
been going on since Wednesday morning, and it won’t wind up until after a “Community Nite” program of the Youth Section of the convention in the north ballroom of the Union tonight at B o’clock. All the hotels in town are full and officials estimated yesterday that approximately 2,000 persons had attended the various programs from Wednesday up until that time. A large group of school teachers and officials are expected here today for the last meetings which will concern rural schools. Meet In Nashville In ’41 Yesterday morning the members of the association held their annual business meeting and voted to meet in Nashville, Tenn., for next year’s convention. They didn’t set any definite date for the conference; it will be “in the fall.” At the same time they re-elected five of the twenty members of the board of directors and elected four new members. The new members are Prof. 0. F. Hall of the University faculty; Miss Connie Bonslagel, state home demonstratioi^ agent leader in Arkansas; Clarence Poe, publisher of the Progressive Farmer magaziine; and the Rev- A. J. Wolton, Nashville, Tenn. All during yesterday they^ continued their meetings and discussions, with lunch served in the north (Continued on page 4)
Hort Show Displays Everything From Beehives To Bridesmaids
By Erw McCullough Sniff, sniff, sniff! Golly! Ohhhhh! These are the sounds which came at us like big green dragons while we were wandering around at the Horticultural show yesterday afternoon. However, we didn’t mind so much ’cause we were doing it, tool One of the first interesting things we saw as we entered was a bee exhibit. A hive of some sort (we’re from the city) had a glass window in it so that we could see the bees making honey in the combs. Also there was a straw hive that was over one hundred years old. Soy Bean Propaganda Moving along we came to a soy bean display. This was mainly a showing of the many, many uses that have been dreamed up for soy beans. Some of the products shown were salads, cookies, candy, cake, baked beans and croquettes. There was also a little electric train going around and around carrying signs saying that soy beans possessed more food value than many other common foods. The next thing'that caught our
attention was the apple display. There were trays on trays of apples —^Romes, Johnathans, Grimes, Delicious, etc. And on the trays were signs telling the season, flavor and uses of the various kinds. One of the most fascinating items in the show was the cider jug that never, never seemed to get any fuller. K you stop and figure it outz maybe by that time the same tinng will happen to you that happened to us. A nice lady came up to dnd offered us some soy beans salted up like peanuts if we would teB her how the thing worked. We didn*t ' like to take her money away from, her, but we .were hungi?, so we told her and she promptly loe>ded us up with the bird seed. Desert Scene Also in the apple room wie a large “horn of plenty'* with every sort of vegetable and a few fruits rolling out of it. There were turnips, potatoes, cabba^s, carrots, apples and nearly everything else, too. The sophomme horticttitural stu(Gontinued on page 9)1 }' ; ^ ‘‘ I'-B;
'f
i;' W-M
PURDUE EXPONENT
Soturdayf November 9, 1940
■m
H
'i'^ hi'
lim
fK' J#^ ilpi?
'Wk',
The ^h
We see by yesterday morning’s paper that a bridge fell into a bay. Out in Tacoma, Washington. Which is something new in catastrophies. We got fires and airplane crashes and explosions. But this is different. And be darned if we can figure a way to tack it on Adolph. Galloping Gei’tie, as she was Called, has been doing a little hip shaking for the engineers for a long time. This time she got a trifle out of phase. We guess. Our only regrets are professional. We’ve been listening to the boys in the civil school for so long that'"we would have liked to have been on hand for the kill. . ♦ ■ ii< IK We can picture ourselves. Slide rule in hand. Calculating flexural stresses in steel. And concrete as Gertie went into action. With a couple of short side trips into the field of wind load. And bending moments. Oh joy. And then racing madly against time. As Gertie galloped faster and faster. Our slide rule beginning to heat up. Then just as we calculate that 36 feet is the maximum displacement allowable she falls into the bay. Proving our calculations to be correct. !): * >): Shoot the minus moments to me, John, boy. * * * So with another victory for science. Or the wind. We turn to the European scene. To find that the tower of London has been bombed. Tearing down walls eight feet thick. Which proves that science is wonderful.
The Purdue Exponent Entered u second claas matter at the post office in. lAfayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of.march 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular . academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail sub^ icription $8.60. Editor-in-Chief W. Donahue Business Manager..- ..............—Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor...'. L: : J. H. McKee Managing Editor —..........D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Rtiffner, B. M. Skallerup, J. Ij. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers; D, S. Powers, 6. 0. Landers: Promotion Manager, C. E. Danglemajer: Aeopunts Manager, It. J. Shadford ; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff ~ Editor .....Belli Simpson Associate ^^itors; l^ry Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna SiesB. Sports Staff Editor.. - .J. . P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, Fr C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. ' Phones: Editorial 400S; Business 5038; Spprts 2792. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Heaton Night Sports Editor: Swaim Ass’t Night Editor: Jones Stooge: Purcell Sophomores: D. T. Brophy, E. W. McCullough, J. H. Armstrong, E. G. Kieper, O. L. Allanson, R. S. Kolb, Mary L. Losche, Alice Chatfield.
The Ratio
GRIN AND BEAR IT
to 1
James I of Scotland and Sir Walter Raleigh both tried to do that. From the inside. Without success. Of course that may be the key to the whole solution. Hitler isn’t taking any chances. d.k.h.
Split Tickets
Split tickets in the recent election illustrated their own power and importance. In several states split tickets were the deciding votes in the election of candidates. In Indiana, in the presidential race, Mr. Willkie acquired Indiana’s electoral votes with a 23,830 majority in the popular vote. Republican senatorial candidate Raymond Willis defeated Democratic candidate Sherman Minton by a margin of 15,515 votes. But in the state gubernatorial race Democrat Henry Schricker defeated Republican Glen Hillis by the slim majority of 3,516 votes. These figures are not final ; three small counties are untabulated as yet. Perhaps not a great number of Ipdiana’s approximately 1,775,000 voters split their tickets, but this relatively small number accomplished things. A campus election will be here soon^—^the election of Prom and Gala Week committees. With the campus divided into two “political” parties, two complete tickets will be presented to the students. Possibly a few students will run independently. Never have these students running independently received an important number of votes or perhaps, a vote indicative of theip ability. In the national election there were galleys written about the corruption of political machines. This same objection might be applied to campus parties. It might be a valid suggestion that we take a lesson from the split-ticket votes in the recent election and apply it to our campus elections. Split tickets may count much more than straight tickets. A split vote may not be any more intelligent than a straight ticket vote, but it may be, and in a close election their importance is greatly enhanced.—J. H. McK.
Riveters Vs. Fordham Slants On Today's Grid Game The Boilermaker passing offense will be pitted against a just-as-fa-mous running attack, launched bjr left halves Jim Blumenstock and Len Eshmont, veteran grbimd gainers for Pordham’s battering Rams. The Riveter air offense so far has the best average in the Big Ten conference^ five out of every 11 attempts being snared. Eshmont and Blumenstock, senior ball toters with Fordham, are noted throughout the East for their ground-gaining abilities. Last year the pair averaged 4.9 yards per attempt, and this year they are riding high with expectations of exceeding that mark. Former competition between the two teams meeting this afternoon
Gold Diggers week-end is here again and most of the fellows Seem happy about it. Hope you made a date, girls, so you’ll be sure of one to Military Ball. Private serenades seem to be the fashion these days—especially with the Kappa Sigs. Betty Campbell, town girl, was the lucky person. The highlight of the show came in the form of a vocal interpretation of the Kappa Sig sweetheart song by none other than Bob Zieg. What baffles us is the fact that Bob still wears the pin. Wolves Woody Walton, wolf of the Delt house, believes in making hay while the sun shines—we hear he took care of Dave Dittmer’s campus heart-throb the week-end Dave imported. Which brings Janice Dietz, Pi Phi pledge, to mind—seems she would rather date all the Delts than just one — meaning ex-pin man Hugh Lawrence. Looks like the Sig Eps better begin paying off their bets. Abbie Williamson has at last won out with Peg Gall. Could it have been the Notre Dame game last week-end that made Peg choose Abbie instead of Chuck? Another link has been added to the chain between the Kappas and the Phi Gams. Pat Heuring and Babe Meuller have decided to call it love and go steady.
has given each team two wins, two losses, and a tie; however, the Rams lead in scoring by a six points margin. Scores are as follows: 1934—Purdue, 7; Fordham, 0. 1936—Purdue, 20; Fordham, 0. 1936—^Purdue, 0; Fordham, 16. 1,^37—Purdue, 3; Fordham, 21. 1938—Purdue, 6; Fordham, 6., Totals: Purdue, 36; Fordham, 42.
‘You don’t have to decide today, of course, lady!” ' " \ . M M.
HortShow (Continued from page 1) dents desert display was very well done. There was even running, or rather, dripping water for irrigation; The little stick-ups representing cacti were especially realistic in their desolateness. Thousands of chrysanthemums of every size, shapp and color were arranged'in the greenhouses’ rooms. The only trouble with them was that they didn’t smell nice like the other
displays. In fact they didn’t smell at all! However, the professional rose growers’ display more than made up for this lacking. The roses were very beautiful, but for us there weren’t enough of them. Wedding Flowers Finally we came to the wedding scene. The bride, resplendent in her satin and tulle gown, was posing at the entrance to the church. We sure hope she isn’t left waiting. Her bouquet was made of many varieties of white chrysanthemums tied with satin ribbons. The maid of honor’s and the bridesmaids’ bouquets were also made of chrysanthemums, only thjey were of many different colors.
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE More LaugKs Than Any One Show Should Have!
BAA
10:30 11:00 11:16 11:30 12:00 12:16 12:30 12:46 1:00 1:16
Indiana State Cross Country Finals. Just Kids. Carolyn Wood, soprano. High School Guest. Woman Shopper. Tune Time, Charles Powell. Meet the Band. Market Reports. Radio Stage. Fordham-Purdue Game.
Meredith Club
Wednesday afternoon the Virginia C. Meredi^ club held a fashion show in the auditorium in the Home Economics Building. Members of the club modeled clothes, both informal and dress, which were furnished by Loeb and Hene Company.
WE»»*ASTSI
tmw
A •...mauhIPM
SfartB TOMORROW biiARS
GIRLS UNOER^I HEADED FOR THE UNDERWORLD I ^4
LAST DAY—2 HITS
RICHARD DIX — IN — 'CHEROKEE STRIP' _ ALSO ———
RICHARD ARLEN ANDY DEVINE — IN — 'DEVIL'Sf 4»IPELINE'
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAYBILL ELLIOTT in MERCY PLANE PLUS —
JAMES DUNN FRANCES GIFFORD MATTY FAIN in THE RETURN OF WILD BILL
-ALSO-
RKO RADIO Picture
— TODAY — FEATURE — AN ANGLE FROM TEXAS With Brother Rat Cast ——PLUS—— TEAR GAS SQUAD
ADMISSION
ON THE SCREEN
ADDED
FIRST RUN NEWS
AIL SEATS
-SUNDAY-MONDAY-ROAD TO SINGAPORE YOUR NOT SO TOUGH WALT DISNEY CARTOON
TAX INCL.
'TILL 2:00 P. M.
— 2:00 P. M. to Closing — iMAIN FLOOR (Tax Incl.).... ......44e BALCONY (Tax Incl.)....... .......33c CtjlLOilEN (All Day).... ,15c STAGE SHOWS AT—
2:00-4:45-7:15-10:00
■V,
7
' > * AUJ , f O s r -n-I I > rrn,^ P ■s \
•J ^V' i •U H- ti^ 4|-f.M
I , \
/ £xpomnJt Sp^o^ iPiX^a
Saturday# November 9# 1940
7T
State Cross Country Meet Run On Riveter Circuit Today
Eleven Teams Vie For Honors;
Western Conference Elevens Resume Action Today; Badgers Play In New York
Highlighting an extensive week-end grid program are several intersectional games, which finds Western Conference teams far removed from their own back yards. Aside from the Riveter tangle with Fordham in Gothanji, Wisconsin’s Badgers will invade that same city for a non-conference battle with Lou Little’s Columbia Lions.
Mighty Minnesota makes a bid for Big Ten and possible national honors as the Gophers meet Michigan plus Terrible Tommy Harmon, but minus the full strength of their brilliant blocking back, Forrest Evashevski. This may prove costly to the Wolverines, for both teams should be at full strength for this battle of titans.
Thirty-five Practice Varsity Basketball
After the bruising encounter of last Saturday, the Cats of Northwestern play host to Bob Zuppke’s Fightin’ Illini at Dyche stadium. Likewise, Bo McMillin and his Hoosiers entertain the forces of Charlie Bachman’s Spartans when Michigan State opposes Indiana at the latter’s stronghold in Bloomington. If they are sufficiently recovered from the defeat at the hands of the Boilermakers last week, the Iowa Hawkeyes will travel out to Lincoln, Nebraska, in a Big Six-Big Tfin clash with the Cornhuskers. Major Biff Jones has a powerful aggregation and one that promises plenty of trouble for Dr. Eddie Anderson.
Irish Play Middies
Thirty-five candidates are fighting for twenty positions on the Boilermaker varsity basketball squad. The coaches intend to cut the squad to a working size of twenty men at the end of this week. Coach Lambert stated that ik'is too early in the season to tell very much about the team. Four outstanding varsity players were lost to the team through graduation last^ June, but to brighten the picture, Captain Igney, Tierney, Sprowl, and Caress, from last year’s team are returning. Coach Lambert expects Riley, Seaborg, Hoffman, Kiefer, Field, and Sommer from last year’s freshman team to help the team a great deal. Because of lack of space for practice, freshman practice will be discontinued at the end of this week, until after the /football season closes.
After a poor showing against the West Point Cadets, Notre Dame plays Navy, the other service team, as the two come together in Baltimore in one of the country’s foremost rivalries. Dippy Evans has been moved up to take the place of Bobby Saggau, in a move that El-
mer Layden hopes will give the Ramblers more punch than they displayed last Saturday when the Army spent the afternoon pushing them up and down Yankee stadium. o.t.c.
T
DO YOU
ENJOY YOUR FOOD EVERY DAY?
When You Eat in the Union Cafeteria Your Meals Are Planned By a TRAINED DIRECTOR WHO MAKES POSSIBLE
A Diet of— •FRESH • APPETIZING ^ and • WHOLESOME FOOD
J/UL IpUAdjUSL TUsmifdaL ‘Ujnwti
The Corner of the Compus-^ Yet the Center of Activities
An Irishmans
Eastwood Releases Grid Death Statistics
Holderman, Kane Are Choices
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
That ball game today in the Polo Grounds should be a real slug-fest if Fordham is getting defeated by Purdue’s efforts. It is a well-known fact that the Rams never fail to win a ball game if they can “get away” with murder. Those New York City athletes aren’t above any violation of rules or gridiron ethics to WIN, but if the boys want to play that way, I know two Boilermakers who are itching for some playful suggestions on the part of the Rams. —I-I— Heaven help the Ram who picks on A1 Rossi, varsity tackle, and Illinois AAU heavyweight boxing and wrestling champion. A1 is one of those fellows who likes to avoid trouble, but if an altercation invites itself, A1 doesn’t care about sprinting the other direction. I’etty isn’t in any mood for Ram “slugging” tactics, either. -1-1— I’ve heard rumors of a football contest between a sorority and fraternity to be contested tomorrow afternoon on the Fieldhouse lawn beginning at 3 o'clock. The Pi Phi’s will meet the Pi Kappa Alpha club. The only stipulation I’ve heard of as yet is that the boys must skip instead of run, and the girls can use any tactics imaginable; they would anyway, so why make any for them? I.I Ken Carmichael, Playshop director, will be the official, and the poor fellow is in for quite a sexy afternoon. -1-1— I saw such a game last year up at Northwestern University. The game was between the Kappa Alpha The-
Deaths due to football deoreasCd appreciably again this year according to reports released by Dr. Floyd Eastwood, associate professor of physical education for men at Purdue, who annually keeps a record of these vital statistics for the American Football Coaches’ Association and the N. C.’-A. A The report levealed that up to November 4, only five deaths, one due to touchball, had occurred. These fatalities were two less than at the same period last year. Three deaths were reported due indirectly to football. , Of the fatalities reported only one was from college football, two from high school and one each from athletic clubs and sandlot ball. Jack Tandy, of San Francisco' State College, was the only college fatality. On October 27, he died from a cerebrial hemmorage. Douglas Parson, Wheaton College, Illinois died indirectly from college football due to a weak heart. e.m.I.
Eleven teams boasting of some 93 harriers are eagerly awaiting the gun that at 10:30 this morning will send them scampering over'the dusty trails of Riveter cross-country course at the end of which dangle a brace of titles. Both the Big State and Little Stat^ titles will be decided in today’s state meet, the largest of its kind to be presented on our soil. One race will decide both crowns.
Riveters Tackle
(Continued from page 1)
Comparison 1939-1940 Direct Fatalities 1939 1940 Sandlot 1 1 Athletic Club 1 1* High School 4 2 College 1 1
Totals * (Touch Football)
5
Today's Big Games
Michigan at Minnesota. Michigan State at Indiana. Notre Dame at Navy. Washington at Stanford. Illinois at Northwestern. Wisconsin at Columbia. Harvard at Pennsylvania. Georgia Tech at Kentucky. Texas A. & M. at So. Methodist. Iowa at Nebraska.
ta sorority and the Phi Psi fraternity. It was touchball, but the rules were a bit different from apparent effects. Whenever a Phi Psi ball carrier was tagged and fell, he came up looking as if he’d been hit in the face by a tomato. You know, that red stuff—camouflage.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Suplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Hain St. Phone 5701
DEACS Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. ‘ Phone 4965
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
care of by the big Purdue backfield, which outweighs the Ram runners by about 12 pounds a man. Toss It Around Fordham will present a host of razzle-dazzle stuff unlike any the Purdue squad has seen this semester. The Boilermakers have seen and played against passing attacks of the Iowa and Ohio State stuff and have more than coped with the aero opponents, but this ^b^ew York outfit does not pass according to the customed rules. Instead it passes on the kickoffs, that is, laterals, and on the punt acceptances the Ram safety-men throw the ball all over the lot by the way of laterals, causing ends and tackles no end of trouble. The Crow-ley-coached backfield has been known to pass laterally five times in returning a kickoff or punt during this season. Ram Threats The only real threats the Rams possess in the form of publicized players are Jimmy Bloomstock and Len Eshmont. Eshmont, as a sophomore, gave the Boilermakers a real thrill with his speed in the 6-6 deadlock of the ’38 season; however, this Eshmont kid is nothing but a publicity man’s art. The speedster is as brittle as cold taffy and when hit hard by a |tackle he goes to the sidelines. But Bloomstock is a more dependable offensive mail-carrier. Elward is expected to stick to his starting line, but his backfield is expected ^0 include John Galvin in the beginning lineup, due to the Chicago junior’s calm throwing 'and
Defending Big State titlists and favored to repeat are Indiana’s Hoosiers who are counting heavily on the combined strength of Campbell Kane, Wayne Tolliver and Ed Hedges. Kane, national collegiate half-mile champion, has only recently hit his stride and will probably make a serious bid for individual honors.
Holderman Undefeated
However, Riveter Captain Ed Holderman, on the strength of his undefeated record this year, will be favored to hit the tape first. Five straight wins over the toughest of competition speak for themselves. Going to the post with Ed as the Boilermakers make their bid for the Big State crown will be Reeves, McLaughlin, Stanley, Jarvis, Marozich, Jentsch and Appleton. Along with the Riveters and Indiana, five other teams will compete for the majpr title. They are Ball State, Earlham, Notre Dame, Butler and last year’s Little State champions, Indiana Central. Butler has compiled eight straight victories and cannot be tkken lightly. 'The Irish are expected to be as strong as usual. Manchester, Taylor, Wabash and DePauw will seek the Little State title.
Broadcast
Special permission has been given WBAA to air this contest and they will take the ether at 10:30 a. m. Cameras will be stationed at the finish line to assist or correct the judges in regard to their decisions. e.c.y.
kicking under great pressure at the
Enders Will Address Presbyterian Group
Iowa game last week. Rocky Snyder will hear the opening whistle from the playing field, because this sophomore knows and does the first blocking assignments to a “T.”
Professor Gordon Enders of the history, ecdnpmies and government department will speak at an open meeting of the Sunday Evening club of the University Presbyterian church tomorrow night at 7 o’clock.
CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION
WE OFFER YOU THE FINEST DANCING SCHOOLS IN INDIANA
Study under a Nationally Known Instructor, P. M. Allen.
Have the experience of dancing with a partner. Both ladies and gentlemen now enrolled.
BEGINNER'S CLASS WED. NOV. 13, 7:0b P. M. ADVANCED CLASS THURS. NOV. 14 7:00 P. M.
THE ALLEN SCHOOL OF DANCjNG 6t]h and Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
“OFF TO FORDHAM
OFF TO VICTORY”
The East may have plenty of Tradition^ but Fordham wRI need more than tradition to withstand the terrific onslaught of the Boilermakers. Win or lose, let’s back them 100 percent, because they are a fighting team and we are proud of them.
Peter Anderson Company
6th and Alabama Streets
<«
Alter You We Gome First”#. I /• /
1 .4
A r
PUBDOE EXPONENT
Saturday# November 9, 1940
All Rural Eyes WA Sponsors Today's Feminine Futures
(Continoed from page 1)
Tea Dance; 3 To 5:30
(Continued from page 1)
ballroom of the Union. Dean H. J. Reed-of the University school of agriculture was in charge of the morning forum on “ifouth in the Rural Community,” while F. L. McReynolds of the University led the discussion on “Leadership of Recreation Programs, Including Folk Games” in the afternoon, and Robert Parks explained the work of the Union “Puttering Room.” Last night there was a general session in the Hall of Music, in charge of Mrs. Raymond Sayre, national president of the association. Essae M. Culver, president of the American Library Association, addressed the meeting on the “Rural Library of the Future.” She said that the “library development is three generations behind school development” in this country, and, picturing libraries as our first line of defense, she called for library service for the 42,000,000 rural inhabitants in this country, with “bookmobiles” making literature available to everyone no matter how isolated. The second speaker on last evening’s program spoke for the work of the religious groups in the Country Life Association. He was Father Luigi G. Ligutti, secretary of the National Catholic Rural Life Conference and widely known as the father of the Granger Homestead Project in Iowa. He said that in his opinion the only real communities were the rural communities where members knew one another and worked together and tha,t only spiritual loyalties to the faith, traditions and practices of the church could properly and permanently cement such a community together.
Frequent announcements of scores of standout football games being played throughout the nation \Vill feature this afternoon’s PIA tea dance in the south ballroom of the Union.
In The Churches
West Lafayette Baptist Church Columbia and Chauncey streets Joseph Baird Gleason, Minister 9:30 a. m, Roger Williams club class. 10:35 a. m. Sermon by the pastor. “How Can a Good Man Survive Today?” William Heath will sing “Seek Ye the Lord,” by Roberts. 6:30 p. m. Roger Williams club fellowship hour, lunch, 10 cents. 6:30 p. m. Prof. Frank Hall will speak on “Democracy at the CrossRoads.”
Miss Cochran to the studOnts and guests of the conference. Discussion sessions featuring four or five speakers at. session will begin on Wednesday Ifotn 8:15 to 9:30, continuing fr^ 9:46 to 10:45 and from 11 to 12 o’clock. Speakers at the sessions will be guests at the Residence Halls for luncheon.STn the afternoon one discussion sesMon, 1:16 to 2:46 o’clock, is scheduled, followed by the concluding meetmg with President Elliott and Mip Cochran. Co-jeds will be excused from classes to attend the conference.
Convention Closes Today
Today the convention-goers have another full program, with meetings in Eliza Fowler Hall and the Union going on throughout the day. All through the whole convention we found an unusually earnest and interested spirit and the American Country Life Association seems to us to be one organization that is really doing just what it has set out to do—!-“working for a worthy country life in the United States.”
St. John’s Episcopal Church Sixth and Ferry streets, Lafayette 8:00 a. m. Holy Communion. 10:46 a. m. Morning prayer and sermon. 6:00 p. m. Seabury Society. Following supper. Prof. H. M. JameSof the physics department will talk on: “My Escape from Occupied Norway.” Methodist Students 9:30 Sunday School. Co-eds at the Foundation. 1. “Religion and Life,” Miss Troth. 2. “The History of the Church,” Mrs. McFadden. Men’s Student Class at the church. ^‘Christian Teaching on Peace,” Rev. McFadden. 10:40 a. m. Morning Worship, Sermon by Rev. Steele on “The Spiritual Basis for World Peace.” 6:15 p. m. Student supper at the Foundation, 15 cents. 6:00-7:30 p. m. Student Epworth League at the church. 6:00 p. m. Fellowship hour. 6:30 p. m. Student panel on world peace, led by Joseph Franklin, Robert Belcher, Bob Tooker, Ed Gilbert and Mary Agnes Kelsay. 7:15 p. m. Worship service for Armistice Sunday. 8:00 p. m. Three peace plays at Jefferson high school auditorium.
Speakers and their fields of discussion include: Social Service, Mrs. Jean Bordner Allen, Mrs. Dorothy Reynolds Adle and Mrs. Juliet M. Snyder; Volunteer Community Service, Mrs. Inez Canan and Mrs. Helen Hall Stone; Retailing, Mrs. Harding Cecil; Writing, Mrs. Ruth Lininger Dobson; Recreation, Mrs. Katharine Dunwoody Pell and Miss Betty Dutton; Business and Industry, Miss Marion Elliott; Designing, Miss Betty Elstun; Institution Management, Dietetics, Miss Mary Jane George, Miss Mildred Inwood and Miss Martha McBride; Commercial Home Economies, Miss Alvina Iverson; Personnel Work in Education, Miss Jeannette Scudder; Science, Miss Mary Dienhart and Miss Nila Maze; Women’s Part in National Defense, Dr. Lillian Gilbreth; Department Store Buying, Miss Marion Winterrowd; Teaching, Miss Hilda Kreft and Mrs. Ruth Brandenburg Miller; A^ertising, Miss Margaret Richey; Commercial Photography, Miss Virginia Porter; and Government Service, Miss Eileen Lamb.
Arrangements for the conference have been made by WSGA’s vicepresident, Joyce Burnham, student chairman, and by Miss Irene Feldt head of the Placement Service for Women. Members of the student committee include: Student Chairmen, Georgia Carroll; Invitations, Mary Ann Carpenter, Louise Stiers; Printing, Margaret Chenoweth; Display table, Charlotte Finney; Student secretaries. Marguerite Gustafson; Arrangements for general sessions, Augusta Hite, Johann Me-
YOU WALK EVERY DAY SO
CHANGE YOUR HABITS FOR MILITARY BALL
SEND AN SOS
FOR A YELLOW CAB
YELLOW CAB CO
Lean; Attendance clerks, Beth Partenheimer; Hospitality, Mary Etien Scarff; Arrangements for dinner and luncheon, Agnes McCulloch, Jane van Gorkom; Publicity, Mary Burtsfield, Louise Stiers.
now in the supply roona of the armory. This group will start firing November 18. —BROWN.
Forestry Club: Debris pictures Tuesday. Wear a suit and be prompt. South ballroom at 8:80 p. m. —MILLRR.
' Presidents of Student Activities; Bring to the Senate office in the Union (room 860) a copy of your activity constitution before Saturday, November 9. These are to be compiled in book form for later reference. —BLLEY.
Cosmopolitan Club: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday, November 12, 7 p. m., south ballroom. —CORTISSOZ.
Classified
Ads
FOR SALE
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 12, in room 184, BE Building. Use north door. Lecture and demonstration on “Control of Television Station W9XG’’ by R. Stone. —^FRBED.'
WAA Council Members: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday, Nov. 12, 8:46 p. m. in the ballroom of the Union, Wear one piece dresses and hose. —WESTOVER.
Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone, 2407.
Camera Club: All darkrooms will be in complete order for continuous use as soon as equipment which has been on order for two weeks arrives in Student Union office. Final locker assignments cannot be made until rooms are completely ready. —ARCHIBALD.
Scrivener Salesmen: All salesmen and circulation staff please report to Engineer offices, Saturday, NoV. 9, at 1 p. m. —WHITE,
Reamers: Meeting Monday, November 11, at 7:1B in room 807 of the Union. Pledges report at 7:4B. —BOHLIN.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Clevelanders: Skating Party at Maple Point Saturday, November 9, from 10:30 to 12:00 p. m. Meet in room 212 of the Union at 9 ‘45 p m Tickets 25 cents. —ROSS.
SAA Officers: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday evening at 10:30 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. Please be prompt and wear suits. —RANEY.
For Rent: Beautiful Pour Room apt. available Dec. 1. Steam Heat. Adults preferred. Phone, 4928.
PIA Dance Classes: Those who have not paid for their dance tickets please do so before the next lesson. —HUMPHREY.
Scriveners; There will be a meeting Sunday, November 10, at 7:30 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. To remain eligible, members must be present. Bring manuscripts. —^RIEGLE.
Lost: Grey kitten, Persian. Last seen on campus. Reward. Ruth and Hinks, 8286.
Lost: Slide rule, name on case.^Reward, Call 2936, Hert Van Brunt.
AIChE Members: The Debris picture will be taken Tuesday, November 12, at 7:46 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. Please wear suits and be prompt. —MASSEY.
Military Ball Committee; Meeting in South ballroom, Union, at 4 p. m. Monday, November 11. Bring sabers for Grand March. —^AULL.
300 tickets $1; 1000 for $2 , other printing at painless prices Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th. Phone 6206
ASCE: Pictures will be taken in the south ballroom of the Union Tuesday, November 12, at 8:16 p. m. Wear suits—no sweaters —McCAMMON.
Omicron Nu Pledges and Actives: Debris pictures will be taken in south ballroom Tuesday, November 12, at 7 p. m. Do not wear saddle shoes or skirts and sweaters. —OSBORN.
Room and board for two students. Mrs. Dray, 40 W. Salisbury. 2670
Lost: Tan polo coat and tan hat, size 7%. Initials J. W. A. from third fioor Recitation Bldg. Phone 5433
All Senior Men: November 14 is the last day for senior health examinations. Make appointments immediately if you expect full recommendation to employers visiting the campus. —DAVID L. ARM.
Sophomore Forensic Managers: Special meeting Monday, November 11, at 4 p. m. in room 308, University hall —PECHIN.
Xi Sigma Pi Actives and Pledges: Debris picture will be taken at 11 p. m. next Tuesday evening, November 12, in the south ballroom of the Union. Please wear suits. —KELSEY.
Wanted: Roommate for EE senior in house with first class board,^ Phone 66014.
Lost: Thursday morning, 2 strand pearl necklace, near Deac’s Phone 2314. Reward.
Notices
Delta Rho Kappa: Debris pictures to be taken Wednesday, November 13, at 7 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. One piece dresses and suits will be worn. Be prompt —OSWALT. Eta Kappa Nu: Infori^al initiation Tuesday, November 12, at 7 :80 p. m. in reading
Skull and Crescent: Debris pictures will be taken on Tuesday, November 12, at 10 :20 p. m. Coat and tie required. This time it’s real. —LANIUS.
room of EE building. Wear appropriate clothing. —HOLCOMB.
All Union Sophomores: Report at 1 p m. Saturday, November 9, in the south ballroom of the Union. -CARPENTER-WOLFF.
AIEE Officers: Special important meeting Monday at 4 p. m. —WISE.
No notices received after 8 p. m. All Male Students: Those desiring to fire on the 6th novice pistol group may sign up
AIEE Members: Debns pictures will be taken Tuesday, November 12, at 8 p. m. Be prompt. Wear suits, no coats or sweaters permitted. —WISE.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to ENGINEERING LECTURES will report Saturday, November 9, by schools as follows : students whose names begin with: A-E, Room 201 Civil Building; F-K, Room 101 Michael Golden Shops; L-R, Room 264 Electrical Building; S-Z, Room 129 Electrical Building. —KNAPP.
Just a Coat Over Your Shoulders Won't Do
It must fit—^The shape is necessary as styled by the makers. All this is a part of Crown Cleaning Service.
Immwt
flME CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHE
11 more days
Osbhidu Advance in price on November 20. To save money buy your Debris now. Price $4.00
(DehlUA,
//i
‘9tL IhsL Triodshn, Wamwi