MS
VOLUME XLVIl
|j
X 1 xmrr iv xx Journausts will Hear
P.A^. ELECTIONS
PetUaons foj* the portion of yell leader and the two P. A. A. vice pi^sidehjte hiust be turn-, ed in to theCtud^ Senate office b^ore 5; pi m* hohiorrc^; af^nOoA Each petition must be sighed by 26 members of thS petitioner’s class, ahd accompanied by CWihghlarpeUt^
fee ef one dollar, v
-*Senate Election ; Comnuttee
morrow;
Wiliam Forest Crouch, Chicago editorial director of the Motion Picture Daily and the Motion Picture Herald, will be the guest speaker at the annu^ Sigma Delta Chi banquet to be held tomorrow evening at 6 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building. Initiation of associate members will be held at 4 o’clbck in :13ie f (Bceptid^
of the Unioh; .
Crouch, an intimate friend and college chum of Gary Copper at Grinnell College, has been connected with the movie industry Jor several the author of the nationally known and syndicated column, “Talk of the Talkies” aiid has conducted tests for motion picture talent and written movie publicity for various Hollywood studios. A worid traveler, hO pioheere'd in the production of travel pictures which achieved immediate
popularity.
Leather Medal Presentation of the leather medal given annually to the person who has done the most for Purdue during the past year will be a feature of the banquet. A replica of the hexagonal medal which hangs in the main hall of the Union Building will be ayrarded to the winner and his name will be added to the list which now hangs from the original. Leonard Church, regional editor of the McGraw-Hill Publications Company, of Cleveland, Ohio; Ji Prank McDermond, editor of the Attica Ledger-Tribune, and E. C. Sorsel, e^tor of the Winamac Democrat, are the three new associated members who will be initiated into the local chapter. The meeting will be open to associate members of the organization, past winners of the leather medal, and active and alumni members of Sigma Delta Chi.
Ticket Sales
State Mentors To Discuss Problems Deans and advisors of men in Indiana colleges and universities will meet here Tuesday for tbeir first annual round-table discussion. Questions pertaining to the relations be-
PROGRAM FOR DEANS
9 ;3(l—Registration — no fee. Get acquainted, 10:00—Greetings—Discussions. 12:00—Lunch — peasant room —50 cents. 1:36—Discussions continued. 3:30—Future meetings and plans. d: 00—Ad journment. 6:00—Dinner —^ peasant rOom V—75 cents—address.
tween deans and student bodies will be discussed. All sessmns will be held in the lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Topics The following topics have been proposed for discussion: Students accepting too much outside employment; student loans; the week-end evil; the dean’s function in counseling students about courses; students with inadequate finances; adequatg^vocational guidance; cOnIxolling the radical element in the student body; student rooming quarters.
Reservations For Literary Banquet Miist Be Made By* Tonight ' Today is the deadline for making reservations for the tenth annual literary banquet sponsored by the University Scrivener club. The banquet will be held in the Memorial Unioii Building at 6:30 o’clock Monday ev.ening, with Pres, E. C. Elliott presiding as toastmaster, and Theodore Dreiser, novelist, as the principal speaker fOr the affair. Dreiser will talk on “Conquering a Reading
Public”.
Hoosier Writer Dreiser, considered by many critics as the best known internationab ly of the Hoosier writers, is the author of “An American Tragedy” and numerous other popular novels. He has also written several plays and non-fictional volumes and is a frequent contributor to periodicals. In addition, he has gained a wide reputation as a speaker. To Announce Winners Announcement of the winners in the University literary contest will be made at the dinner. Reservations for it may be arranged by calling the main office of the English department, Tickets are on sale at the English office, the Union desk, Deac’s, Southworth’s and Decker’s.
End Review R. 0, T. C. inspection ended yesterday with the close of the school day. Regular Friday drill hours were inspected by Major G. S. Buerket and Major Stuart McLeod, who will report their results to Major General W. E. Cole, coinmander of the Fifth Corps Area. Cole will determine the final rating and send it to President Elliott. Capt. A., S. Miller said last night that the report is expected in about two weeks. He also stated that Lt. Col. Brewer ^as well pleased with the brigade’s performance.
LAFAYETTE, INDUNA, SATURDAY, MAY 16, 1936 Frosh To Vote
By Schools In Elections Students Will Select PAA, Umon Ofi&cers At
Polls Tuesday
In the election of officers for the Student Union next Tuesday, freshmen vdll vote according to the choice; of school which they made last week. Puller, preei^nt of the Umbn; stated yesterday afternoon. , Voting cards-arranged aecording; tq schools will be kept at fbe polls in the lobby of the UnionSBmlding for all students except the fteshme^^ who inust obtain cards from! thei^^^ respectiYe schools in order to be
eligibiefor voting. ^ ::Nominati«h»s,
NominatioiM : Union office^ will be made this afternpon and a list of the candidates for each posi-r tion will be published in the Tuesday issue of the Exponent. Officers for 1936-37 of the Purdue Athletic Association will be elected along with the Union executives, from 8 to 5 o’clock Tuesday. The constitution of the Student Athletic Association, proposed to replace the P. A. A., will also be submitted to the students fOr approval at; the election desk on that day.
NUMBER 168
•s Take Action •us Smokers
Velazco Will Play At Cary Hall
mm
With his $20,000 portable pipe organ and twelve piece orchestra, Emil Velazco will play tonight for the Cary Hall spring formal. It fakes three expert mechanics only fifteen or twenty minutes to assemble /his famous “organ on wheels”. The only one of its kind in existencO today, the orgah was built especially
Clinton B, DeSoto . assistant see- for the composer-organist-maestro.
Gonvene Here AH Day Pro^am; G. B. DeSbip Will Speak Ou Amateur Problems
PIA To Hold Spring Picnic At Ross Camp
Two Juniors Hurt As Motorcycle Overturns Robert Kelley and Robert Cooper, both juniors in mechanical engineering, suffered several bruises and abrasions when their motorcycle skidded out from under them late yesterday evening about six miles out of Lafayette on U- S. highway 62. Dr. Miller, director of the student health service, treated them and reported their condition as not serious
They are at their homes.
Members of the Purdue Independent Association will hold a spring picnic at Ross camp tomorrow afternoon. A swimming pool will be available for the Use of the group
Transportation will be provided at gauCPS lu Hospltal
the west door of the Union Building at 2:16 o’clock. There wiU be charge of 16 cents to coyer expenses Anyone v^shing to attend should sign up in the P. I. A, office before
noon today.
Doctors To Medical Sessioiis: Sessions on medical education with special reference to tuberculosis and its Control are scheduled for Tuesday when a special sound picture, “Contact”, will be shown three times in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. Miller, director of the student health service, has arranged for talks by several medical authorities who will be here for the annual district meeting of the Indiana Medical Associa-
tion.- .
Students, faculty members, and other interested persons may attend the first showing of the film at 11 o’clock when Dr. W. H. Mytinger, superintendent of the Ross Sanitorium and an authority oh tuberculosis treatment, will speak. Those who are unable to attend in the morning may see the picture at 4 o’clock when three doctors will speak. Following the picture at 4 Dr, Verne K. Harvey, secretary of the State Department of Health, will talk on “Social Security as it affects the Tuberculosis Program’’; Dr. Jei;pme Head, professor of thoracic surgery at Northwestern University, and Dr, Mytinger will also speak. Visiting physicians will assemble to view the picture at 6 before going to the Memorial Union Building for their banquet scheduled for 6:30. Local Peace Group Arranges Meeting International peace will be the theme of a meeting to be held next Thui’sday evening in the Lafayette armory with Ernest H. Hahne and Theodore C. Hume, of Chicago, as guest speakers. The meeting is one of 300 being held throughout the country by the Emergency Peace campaign, a movement sponsored nationally by such notables as Kathleen Norris, Stuart Chase, and General Smedley
Butler,
Dr. W. R. Graham, Prof. Amy Bioye, Prof. C- E, HaJl, Sterling R. McElwame, Rabbi Meyer H. Simon, Mrs. E. M. Geinmiller and Rey. John W. Findley are the committee in charge locally. - ■
retary of the A, R. R. L., will be the main speaker in tonight’s session of the “Hoosier Hamfest”, which is being held on the campus under the direction of the school of electrical engineering. Another feature of the
after many years of experimenta-
tion and research. ' Born In Mexico V
Velazco was born in Mexico but got his start in a Chicago theater seventeen years ago at $7.00 per
evening will be “The Amateurs, week. Shortly afterward, Ms salaiy Place in Q. R. R.”, by Dr. Vancheri,! was increased to $400.00 a week, in
director of relief during the recent Pensylvania flood, while the remainder of the meeting will be devoted to an address, “The Modern Frequency Meter” and a discussion from the floor on cleaning up the amateur
bands.
The morning and afternoon programs will contain technical dis-^ cussions on “Ten Meters’’, “Vacuum Tubes” and “Cathode-ray Circuits”. ,
Buffalo. Just in order to prove that he could do it, he once played 1,024 compositions, without repetition, in 64 consecutive hours on the air. Ray Bossart, from the University of Illinois, will play in the east hall. Refreshments will be served on the court between the two halls, where a rock garden and foimtain will lend their beauty to the occasion. About 260 couples are expected to attend
the closed dance.
/ Last night’s assembly received adresses of welcome from Dean A. A. Potter and Dr. C. F. Harding, after which a colored motion picture, “The Rainbow Bridge”, depicting the power plant and accessories at Boulder Dam, was shown. “Vacuum Tube Construction”, a lecture and demonstration by Henry Grubb, W9VTW, and Gerard De Bey, W9TQX, both of Lafayette, who ac-^ tually constructed an “866” mercury vapor rectifier tube to illustrate their talk last night, completed the program.
s For Mixer Tonight Freddie Kaye and his orchestra will play for the mixer tonight in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12 o’clock. Kaye’s eleven-piece orchestra has appeared at several outstanding European night clubs during the past two years, including the Kit Kstt Klub, Bat Club, and Lewis Tea Room in London, and at the Chez Paree in Pai'is. At present he is featuring the new “swing’’ type of music and a series of novelty arrangements. The price of admission will be one dollar.
EXPONENT STAFF
Prof. J. A. Sauers, of the mechanical engineering sdiool, has gone to the Home hospital for a rest. He requests that he have no visitors this
week.
The meeting this afternoon at 1:30 o’clock has l^en changed to the reception room Of the Memorial Union Building. All members of the co-ed, sports, and editorial staffs must be present. MORRIS.
Mortar Board Holds Ceremony Tomoi^ow Initiation ceremonies for the eight Mortar Board pledges will be held at Dean R. G. Dukes’ home tomorrow morning at sunrise with the president, Mary Louise Lustig, in charge. Breakfast will be served at seven o’clock following the initiation. The following girls wfll become active Mortar Board members: Jean Adkins; Elizabeth Arnold, Ruth Copeland, Helen Creech, Irene Feldt, Patricia Jones, Dorothy Kuehn, and Jeanette Scudder, The girls have been requested to wear formals.
Five hundred under^aduates ■will take pgrt in the Emergency Peace Campaign this sumnier.
Inducts 15 Alpha Gamma chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, national Scouting Service fraternity, announces the formal initiation of the following men: R. L. Burkhart, R. J. Clinton, W; J. Cure, L. J. Doud, R. H. Fatout, R. C. Rill, R. A. Hoff, E. J. Kroeger, G. Poehlmahn, W. H. Reynolds, W. Hi Smith, J. R. Van Delester, E. J. Wqdieigh, and J. M. 'Williamson. Prof. L. M. Sears, of the history department, was initiated as an hohorarymember. The ceremonies were held in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building last night, and an initiation banquet followed immediately afterward in the peasant room. J., A. DeGroot, as toastmaster, introduced Prof. H. G. Venemann, faculty advisor of the group, who welcomed the new members. Prof. Sears gave a short talk in which he expressed high hopes that the organization next year would become very prominent in its service projects on the University campus. Ag Freshineii Judge Livestock Today Some 90 freshmen in the school of agriculture taking animal husbands ry will participate in the annual freshman livestock judging contest to take place in the livestock pavilion today. Starting promptly at 8 o’clock, the contestants will place two classes of each horses, beef cat-t tie, hogs, jand sheep. At 1:30 the contestants will a^in report to the pavilion to give oral reasons for the pladngs wMch they made M the morning, The classes ydil be placed by a Committee composed of the University herdsmen for that class of livestock, a member of last segson^ judging team, gnd an outside breed-
'er,;
Plan To Continue Enforcement Of Tradition Today And Next Week Concerted action against violators of the “No smoking on the campus” tradition was taken yesterdkiy by a. large group of students led by members of Gimlet and Skull and Crescent. Between morning class botnrs at 10 and 11 o’clock, these students cleared smokers from the walk in front of Purdue Hall. TiAditipn violed;ors wm^ have their ‘‘between class” Sinbkb;; on the walk behind the Physics Building. Those who refused to leave the iisual smbkihg spot were forcibly 1 'removed.'‘‘Cmly A Warning” V / “Today’s action was only a ■warhing,” Bill Hodgdon, newly elec^ president of Ginilet, announced last night. He staled that. Gimlet memr hers plan to repeat their patrolling again today and next week, if necessary. ■ “We believe that smoking on th^e campus should be stopped,” he continued. “We made a r^olution to uphold campus traditions in our . meeting Thursday night and decided ; that smoking, being the most violated tradition, needed prompt ati; tention.” : Wantit—^Yes Or No Bob Burks, Gimlet secretary, expressed the opinion last night that as long as “no smoking” was a recognize]^ tradition, it should be observed. “If a large number of students protest this action against smoking, the matter should be referred to a student vote. If the vote shows students no longer want the tradition, it should be abolished,” he said... ' ■ ' “There are many reasons why we ; should keep the tradition,” Dick Graig, former president of Skull and Crescent, stated. “In addition to distinguishing om campus; Rom tiiose of other schools, it decreases fire hazards and maintenance Costiii Let’s keep the tradition and enforce
it.”
George Bell, football captain, said: “All student organizations should get behind this move, if we don’t stop the smokers now, they’ll soon be all over the campus . . . even in classrooms.’V Few Yet Yesterday Afternoon After the concentrated effort yesterday morning, a few students were smokiug in front of Purdue Hall late yesterday afternoon.; However, the group of smokers was smaller than usual. A humorous angle of yesterday morning’s demonstration was brought out when John Drake and John McConnell presented chewing gum to smokers who stopped when requested.
Foresters Make Field Trip Today Students and faculty members Of the forestry school will meet at Gary Boy Scout camp this afternoon for their annual field day sponsored by the Forestry club. Rrmes will hb awarded winners in Contests in trro identification, estimation of beighto and diameters, fellhig and bucking timber, pacing by compass cohtobt swimming and baseball. Tickets will still be available at Cary camp this afternoon. Those desiring transpratation nfieet at^^^^ Horticulture BuildMg at 1:3I> p» uL Fouii^ Holds Picnic Tomorrow Eats, games, entertaioment are on the program for the Westminster Foundation picnic Sunday afternoon at the Laura Sherry farm. Transportation WiU he at the vrest door of the Union Building at 3 o’clo^, A charge of 16 cents will he made to cover expenses. This wilt replace the usual meeting of the Sunday Evening Clnh.\
MmbO' nt Nktion*! College Pieas Aesociation, Big Ten Bditorial Association fBiattidthely^ ]fti®iri6sent^:by'Natidnal"Adveirtitiinijr!:Sei^c<i,'tIti!iCi'' 420 Bladison Avenne. New York City
Entered as second class ina Baah, 2^68 .piv you; delivered b
tier at the post office, Lafayett y ■ carri^ :SI2.bd'.pe7 si^d’ .h
e, Indiana. Delivered by r single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OPBICB—312 Nirth Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 ‘ Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF
iW. T, Hunt
JS. H. Morris
Associate E3itorsu~..E. A. Barnette, .d. E. BrpCki A. H; Forster, B Bold ahd BIs^ Editors™...-—
. ,P. Manioni C. L. SadlOr eiye SiexflOaV S. M.:
:. SPOET»;STAFP:>';";
.-.-----^L. D. iWbdd
Am^iate Sports Editors—-...u.-
..S. B. Griffiths. B^ ¥.
Obenchain, .D. F. 'Wilseh
BUSINESS StAFP^^ .
...R. J. Hulse
: .n,G.Mmer
-L. H. BrOwh
. . .—t. P'. Girard
Editor ——— Associate Editors....... Advertising Manager--—.-.—.
•WOMEN’S STAFF ..
■-.j-;L--.-.Helen Creech
-..-....—Jeanne Janoiisek, Doris Mcparthey, Elizabeth PyKe ^.Betty Barnett
Saturday, May 16, 1930.
Issue ;Edlt6r-^J. R. Clark
Action Against Smokers Smoking on the canipus may be stopped if cpncerted action such as was taken yesterday is continued. The tradition of ‘‘ho smoking” began years ago, but during the past few years its observance has noticeably declined. If campus organizations back the movement to stop smokers, the tradition undoubtedly will be reinstated to its f ormer position of prominence. There are valid arguments both for and against the continuance of the tradition. Those who advocate it say that the tradition helps create a “personality for the Purdue campus”; eliminates fire hazards and stops disfigurement of the grounds. Those who oppose the rule cite statistics showing that cigarettes have caused few fires and that the butts are easily removed by the first rain. Their answer to the “personality” argument is that the whole idea is silly because it interefers with their “liberties”. All schools have traditions of some kind, although some progressive institutions recently have been abolishing them. Here at Purdue the average student is more or less apathetic toward traditions as a whole, largely because they have never been drummed into his head His knowledge and observance of them was probably limited to his freshman year. The no smoking one, mainly because cigarettes are a part of many students’ daily diets, confronts the student more often than do other traditions. If too many students object to the tradition the question might be submitted to a student vote. If tradition enforcers are backed by the. authority of a student vote, they can easily stop smoking on the campus. However, if a majority opposes the rule, it should by all means be repealed. Let’s either abolish the tradition or observe it.—A. H. F.
THE “GINGHAM GALLOP” AND WITH IT we have--KeMeh-berger hanging on for dear life while “Purdue Forever” Mikklesen swang it round and round —^Van Natta too tired to draw in Design, hut peppy enough to turn it on with Virginia Hulse—Is Dave Williams about to put Ms pin out again? And is Ann Dougherty the lucky lass?— Somebody must have left the back door open ’cause we saw Fred 0’Mara and Mary Friend bothering people—Em ScholePs behavior at the “Trot” earned for him a new monicker “Rattle-Brain” Scholer (I knew it all the time)—Glif Hardin didn’t bit Martha Wood on the nose, it’s a boil—Closson and Bain gave the world a treat and conde° Scended to attend the “Gall'o^^^^ 'Gannon ■ and ’: bin Bl<M*er; did vsome fancy open-field running on the ride numberS'-^Gregory and Bunch try^ ing their best to dance Mthout getting an elbow, down their respective guzzlers — Ghes Marshall rating
new one for girls. Since its fullest possibilities are not yet known, it is up to those working in the field to build up a position for themselvek The co-eds of the tTniVersity who are working with WBAA are gaining invaluable experience. They will find when they are out of school, looking for positions, that three or four years of experience in announcing, planning programs, and scheduling talent will help them considerably.
If one is considering radio Work, there are certaimvoice qualifications one'must possess. A few essentials are clear articulation, correct pronunciation, freedom from local accent, tone color, and evidence of cultivated taste. Among other requirer ments one must have the personality to meet a great variety of personnel on difFereht programs. Ahannbuncer,tO:get best r^Ults from talent on his period qh the air> must make them feel comfortable and help them adjust themselves to the
edge, proper regulation of voice, and position before the microphone, as well as correct expression. Later, station identidcution is assigned beginpefs, and finally, after sufflcieUt practice is obtained, entire programs, are turned over to them. i Radio as an actMty eritails Wrk; ^ but the satisfaction and-pleasure de-^ rived, the thrill of working for an' unseen audience compensates for all the time and effort. Radio, in its present status, is a modern thrill— and a thrill wrtb limitless possibilities.—D. E. McG.
A yellow
Bllidi C«in for'^Spedal Oecasloiia 2fie per pasaeikKW *117 part of tile dtjr 6022 PHONES S071 YELLOW CAB CO.
immi
LAWN MOWERS ' fMuusieaed Mnd r^MUred. Now ondi
'''UBed mowers. P^eei on tmt Uop
Beerlne Blowero .16.26 and up. .
eaUed dd^rerOd.
200-^U North^Pi^f St^t^*** Phene 2828 Imfayette. Ind.
Lake Brie College was the first a—
girls’ school to adopt aviation as l..,. -mn,, part of the regular physical educa-i '\ ' ' I THE
tion department program. '
tusk ahead., The announcers “get guzziers —- V/nes raiing;
With BettyMoore^here was friend nnssltVlfl tvnAS of uprartna.
McCoririell ? -—We didn’t see Rip Van Winkle with the Theta prex, Batir, neither-a rift iii the offing ? —^Green sure made a fine girl fOir Hill— w-hich One of you boys paid the buck? Maybe it was vice versa.
The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from it's readers.
TotheEditor: T^yoVyears ago the adoption of the liberal attendance ruling at the University seemed like a huge step in the right direction. A fresliman then, I looked forward to the days when, as a junior and senior, I would be privileged to let my conscience be my guide. But today not only is the faculty considering modification of the ruling, but I find that numerous of my instructors have their own ideas upon the subject, and utterly disregard the spirit of the rule as adopted. Personally, I have always believed that the interpretation of the ruling by the mathematics department was extremely fair, and in keeping with the spirit and the letter of the thing. They permitted absence at any time, but held that if a student missed too large a proportion of the tests, the final examination alone would determine his grade. In common with an estimated 90 per cent of my class members I desire to attend classes regularly, knowing that only by so doing can I pass some of the courses dr get any knowledge from any of them. But if it is imperative that I cut, or if I over sleepoccasi classroom. Ifthefac ^ „ „ is made clear to students and faculty alike, and that protection Will be afforded the conscientious student who only cuts a class at long intervals.-—’37.
A Bovine Bites Back To the Editor; The Mr. A. H. F. who discussed “Campus Cowpaths” in a recent Exponent (even the Bovine family manages to hear things) is evidently one of those Mechanical Morons who inhabit the north side of the Purdue campus. These Mech.anical Morons have mechanized traits which are distinguishing— foremost among them is the one-track mind. The paths that they wear on their section of the campus (tend to) follow, a straight line in accordance with their unchangeable one-track minds. Although not within my natural habitat, the north side of th^e campus also has brown streaks across the green, according to wMdi have reached my bovine ears. It seems that there is a path close to the north side of Michael Golden Shops, several between the Mechanical Engineering and the Pharmacy Buildings, and of a very much worn path leading out eastward from the Gymnasium. Thisjast mentioned path, however, is been made partially -the Gymnastic Goon Mr. esthetic senses. After trying in vain to figure out a reason for this, I went to the University math department. Mr. Mathematician said that this pain was probably a deep-seated one that originated back in analytical geometry^ which Mr. Moron ho doubt flunked because he was unable to understand the principles of the elliptical paraboloid and the parabola of revolution, Virhich consist of parabolas within ellipses. ’The ugliness of these paths are as nothing compared to the imaightly patches of cigarette butts which are reported to lie particularly thick in front of Purdue Hall—^here there is even ho pretense to symmetry. So, Mr. A. H. F.—Mr. Mechanical Mordn^^-^on’t you think that you had better clean your own house before you disturb the peace4oving mind of—One of the Bovine iSisters.
“THIRTEEN HOURS IN THE AIR”, starts tomorrow at the MARS and if Mr. Block and Tackle will call for his passes at the UNION desk today at one, he will see a fine show gratis. THE GUYS WHAT go to school here don’t seem to appreciate these here free ducats—-come on with those contribs! ALTHOUGH SPEAKER ASKED us not to say anything about her and Pierce being that way about each other, we can’t resist this—since the old pin is residing in new quarters. Bill has been reporting his every action to Eva—(from a hen-peck’s phone conversation). SWIPED FROM OTHER GOLYUMS : A Georgia Tech student' unnecessarily repeated a course in the .same room under the same professor without realizing the fact.. That sounds like our courses in Machine Design with Bob Egry at the desk. They even have liquid soap at the Sig House. Yeah, they drink anything; the janitor has to lock up his floor polish. . The farmer leads an awful life— His bees ekt all his honey ; The traveling salesmen Use I wife. And the government gets 1 money. WE OFTEN WONDERED why the Kappas w'ere always so anxious to get out of their dorm on serenade nights—^it seems said women indulge in the most delicious sandwiches with big stinking onionsevery night before they turn in. FAMOUS LAST LINES even shallow girls can get a fellow into deep water. THEN THERE WAS THE butcher who backed into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work.
ihg all possible types of persons. One day it may be the Ohief of police, the next a group of grade school children, or a faculty member, The radio announcer must meet everyone, from national personalities to the most eccentric of humans, and must acquaint tsilent With necessary information relative to his or her broadcast, and success-
fully announce the program.
AFTER THE SHOW,' stop in for a barbecne or bowl of chili. Manhattan Sandwich Shop 610 Main St.
PHOTOS Enlargements IKc
A bare technical knowledge Of radio terms as well as directions from the operator must be learned. Above all else, anyone aspiring to radio work must he willing to sacrifice both time and energy regardless of whether or not it may be convenient.
In addition to requirements, there are benefits from radio work. Acquaintance with cultural aspects and knowledge of different arts heads the list. It affords opportunities to meet interesting and unusual people and in general broadens experience.
SUNDAY
MONDAY
...and' FRANK PARKER in "Sweet Surrender" ■ also ; NEWS—CARTOON LAST TIMES TODAY JOHN WAYNE in "New iFrontier" - .and'' RALPH BELLAMY in 'Dangerous Intrigue" also 'Custer's Last Stand"
if a a r i then a CHOP STEAK.......10c 0 the Triple KXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
LAST TIMES TOP^AY DICK FORAN .'In 'Treachery Rides the Range" CHARLES’"sTARRETT in . "The Mysterious Defender"
' Chase Comedy ' “Elmer Elephant" Silly Symphonyiiias
Sj;f'
. i
\ , Rosser Replaces Martin In Second; Boilermakers
‘: Store All Tallies In Last Of Mnth
By Bob Walpole
in a ll to 3 de-
m
fj4-v
jtliclugan squad. The Boilermakers were entirely off their hit-
for a short hitting spree that netted 3 runs. Errors were numerous with each side receiving five. Sines made two official errors, Krause hobbled once, Lucas made one, and Malaska errored to allow Heyliger to make a run. On the Michigan side, Ferner made one error, Brewer one, Jablonski one, Lerner one, and Patanelli one. Second Inning In the second inning the Michigan lads seemed to come to life and they either hit or received walks from pitcher “Lefty” Martin until Coach Lambert replaced him with Bosser, who pitched the rest of the game with a slightly better showing. The northern squad got five hits and six runs in this inning. Rosser and Malaska each got a hit in the third frame but ho players crossed the plate for the liambertineh, Michiga.h hit tvdce in the ihii^ httd two ruhfe were brought ihi They duplicated this feat in the sixth bfingittg the scpre up to 11 to 6 as th# had mana.ged to hit once and score once in the fourth. Purdue hit once in the sixth and once iin the seventh but not until the ninth inning did they manage to get any men across the plate for counters. Ninth Inning The first three men up foi* Michigan in the ninth were put out without mueh trouble. Patanelli ground-^ ed to third and was oUt at first. Kremer struck out and Heyliger grounded to short and Young put him out bn first on the throw from . Sines. Krause, of the Purdue squad, got to first on an error by the short stop and then traveled on to third on an error by the first baseman. Waling grounded to second and was out at first. Rosser hit a ground ball to the infield and as the Michigan man hesitated, Krause came home and Rosser got on base. Malaska, tbu next man up, hit a two bagger and put Rosser on third. Mitchell was walked by pitcher Fishman and filled the bags. Afnion grounded put to second but Mitchell got to second and Malaska got to third on the piayi Klika was sent in as a pinch hitter and got to first oh an error pri the part of the pitcher. This error allo-wed Malaska to come home and Mitchell rounded the corner for third. Mangas fanned for the third out, leaving Klika on first and Mitchell Pn third. Spectacular Play The most spectacular play in the tilt was a Catch by “Pat” Malaska, Boilermaker basketball star. In the second inning, Urick, the first man
FRESHMAN VARSITY TENNIS All men on the freshman squad who-are trying out for varsity tennis will please report to the tennis courts this afternoon to see if they are matched.
Chessmen To Play Indiana T earn T oday The rivalry between Purdue and Indiana will be extended to chess this afternoon at 1 o’clock in the Peasant Room of the Memorial Union Building when student and faculty teams representing the two institutions will meet in regular intercollegiate clashes. The BoilPrmak# sfudent si^uad will be composed Of J. W; Connelly, E. C. Filstrup, C. Plank, D. J. Bel-Hngef,-and hither R; A.^^S^^ Pbl) H. Greem while the Crimsoir wfil be represented by :ii; Gpbperj S\yitzer, Sturgeph, Ew Cooper, and Hpbspn^ Bo McMillin^ Indiana football coach, will be a meihber of the cr imson faculty team, urhich vdll also include Ihbf. GaUewayi^^P^ MPore^ Prof. Hoffzimer, and Bean Stput The members pf the Purdue faculty squad will be Pibf. C. L. Heyerdahl Lt. Cel. Brewer, Prof. I. Walter Stein, Capt. Whistler, and Pr. P.p; Martin. ,:
at bat for Michigan, hit a long high fly that iPoked as if it would land far back of Malaska in center field. Malaska made a beautiful catch, over his shoulder to put Urick out just as he was rounding the third bag. Summaries are as follows:
MICHIGAN Rudnessi cf ...
Ferner, 8b Brewer, ss
Tirick, 2b Jablonski, c' :. terner, lb -... Pcttanelli, ibKremer, If ..... Heyliger, r£ .
Fishman, p Totals ....... PTOBUB Malaska, cf
Bartz, r£ ....
Mitchell, rf
Armbti, 8b ...
Lucas, 3b Klika, lb Young, lb Mangas, If
Sines, ss ...... Krause, c ....
Waling, 2b Rosser, p
Martin, P ....
AH. R. H. O. A. E,
..44 11 10 27 17 6 AB. R. H. O. A. E.
0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 11 1 0 0 10 0 0 2 4 1 0 6 1 0 0 1 2 1 1 2 4
^ _0 S _0^ J .41 8 6 27 16 6
062 102 OOO-^li 10 6 .000 pod 008— 8 6 6
BatteriesRosser, Martin and Krause for Purdue; Fishman and Jablonski for Michv gan. Two base Kits i Jablonski, Lerner and Malaska. Walks : Fishman, 3 ; Martin, 2 ; Rosser, 5. Strikeoute : Fishman; 7; Rosser^ 8.
Totals
Michigan Purdue
isa Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 " Main St. Lafayette
10% discount on all laundry brought in and called for at our West Lafayette Office, 132 Vine Street. One Day Service If Requested - All Work Gudranteed
Phone 3085^278
Michigan waited until the second inning to remember what the Boilermakers did to them in basketball at that memorable final game that Purdue took, 38 to 37, at Ann Arbpr. When the Wolverines were perfectly sure, that they were seeking revenge they did a little slugging to score six runs. Did you know that all but two of the Boilermaker regulars reside within the state ? Krause and Bartz> the lone out of state men, live in Blinpisi the former hailing from the Windy City, and the latter from Waukegan. Prom Ed Vincek’s “At Bat” column in the Daily Maroon comes the following; quote, “We envy the student bpdy of Northwestern, if not for anything else than their fine treatment of their hall team. So far the Wildcats have not won a Big Ten game, yet it does not stop the ball fans from rooting for the home club at every encounter.” —fc— T^e Boiiprmaker Big Ten record is spmewhat better tean that of tbe Wildcat’s, but we will venture to say that . visiting sports writers couldn’t say the same thing about pur student attendance, alt|ipugh there was, a much larger crowd at yesterday’s game. —fc—: Bob LucaB pulled a hiB^cle P hip throwing arm when hP .thrpW the ball wild to second base in the sixth. The injury may keep him out for several games. Tough luck, “Luke’’! “Shorty” PurchlR’s bait casting class seems tp he pPming along 0. K. Laoking sufldcient equipment^ but; expecting rPds before the next meeting, the class ' has been somewhat held back. However, between 40 and _50 bait tossing aspirants have signed up, and Sbprty says there is still rPom for more. Practice on Tuesday; and Friday afternoons . . .across from the Gym.... Shorty is expecting you. ——fo--™’,. George Ball, Wildcat tennis star> plays under the handicap of an injured arm. He suffered a torn tendPn some time ago and isn’t able to raise his racket arm above his shoulder. However, this did hot stop him from dirfeatihg Tzuckeir, 6-4 and 6-0.' : fc-— Tech plays its last game here tMs afternoon. Tpihprrpw the squad will go to Chicago for a- majpr' league ga.me and oh Tuesday they will play Illinois JVeSleyah for the last ^me before the return trijp to Ruston, La. Hepe you are back next year, fellas. Happy lahdings.
The foMewing *vvv««. Rre requested to report to Bob WoodwortfiRt the Boss-Ade stitdium Monday afternoon. May 18, sometime betweeh 3 and 4 o’clock. Be dressed in game uniforms which will be especially" issued for the afternoon by Lon Men expected to, report are as follows: Raymond,Abbott, Carl ^ Dahlbeck, George Bell, Forrest Burmeister, John Drake, Lowell Decker, Wayne Gift, Fred Stalcup, Lee Graves, Ben Medley, Cecil Isbell, Cody Isbell, Tom McGannon, Don Powell, Robert Selby, Martin'Schreyer,
Clem Woltman. NOBLE E. KIZER.
Racquetmen Defeat University Tennis Squad, 6-0, Here A very superior tennis'^quad traveled down here yesterday afternoon from- Northwestern to engage the local netmen and left for home last night with another victory on its long line of wins. The Evanston men made short work of the Boilermaker players and had no trouble downing them by a 6-0 score. George Ball was playing under tlte handi<tep of :a baff shp^ Imt tehnaged to;:beat Tzuckpr, Phrdite number three man, with little difli-
culty.
Stands High stands very high in Big Ten tennis at present and its 6nly close cphterid^ Chicago, Will hattte it Put With thP NPrthWestern playSrs soph oh cpurts in fhe V^ndy Gify. : Results for the meet here were as follbWh.:':;'^'':''-'-''-V;'Pihglps: RuSSPll Ball defeated Nikolich, 6-0 and ^3. Leavens deteated Ulrey, 6-0 hhd 6-0. GePrge Rail defeated Tzucker, 6-4 ahd 6-6. Rugg defeated Wakefield, 6--2 and 6-b. ;DQubles: Ball and Bail defeated Nikolich and EdinphdS, 6-0 and 6 J. Leavens and Rugg defeated Wakefield and Tzucker, 6-2 arid 6-0.
Afternoon Smith, Lehman WiU
Play lliomson, Little
In iS-Hole Contest
The golf exhibition match in which Horton Smith, Lawson Little, Jimmy Thomson and John Lehman will participate next 'Tuesday afternoon at the West Lafayette Country Club will be the biggest event of its kind ever staged here. Smith is the leading money winner in the pro game and is generally recognized as one of the greatest players in the game. Little has the distinction of
For the convenience of those who have no way of getting out to the West Lafayette Country Club the Eagle Coach Lines, Inc. has arranged for bus seryice between the Union Building and the golf course starting at 2 o’clock and continuing at regular intervals as long as there is anyone who wishes to go. There will he a charge of fifteen cents for a one way trip and twentyfive cents for around trip*
’series'
match witii Thomson and
'K'-l-
FACULTY GOLF
The intramural department has made arrangpmehts tp have a golf tpprnament for instructors in :the various departments of the University. Six departments have already turhed dn their teams. Any numheir of men can play from eaph department and the tlmee lowest scpres from each team will be added together fpr the departs merit score. Matches are to he played pn the Municipal course 6u Rpad 62. The dead-line for playoffs is fiext Thursday. One mari’s score shall be fPr 18 holes ■only., ;,:'
4- >• -f -f. + > -f -t- ’ BIO tEMUE STANDINGS .NATIONAL LEAGUE ’
W.
L.
Pet
St, Louis..;..;...._;i,^..„
16
9
.626
Pittsburgh
14
10
.688
New York
14
11
,560
Chicago;.......,............. Boston..........
18 , 12
14 18
.481 M80
Cincii»nBti......„....„...
12
16
.444
Philadelphia.............
......... 12
16
.432
Brookljut.
... 11.
16
.407
AMERICAN LEAGUE
New York... B<»ton... Cleveland;. Chici^o.. Washingrton... Detroit...;........ :Philadelphia.. St. Louis..
W.
L.
Pet.
19
9
.678
19
10
.666
16
10
.616
12
lO
,646
14
16
.482
12
14
,462
19
15
.400
4
28
.148
^ > >, -f ^ -f -f/.lf YESTERDAY’S RESULTS 4“ .rf . f f :f ' . ■ NATIONAL LEAGUE ' St.*^ Louis, 6; Pittsburgh, 6. Boston, 7: Brooklyn, 2. Cincinnati, 0 ; Chicago, 6. New York, 2 ; Philadelphia, II. ; AMERICAN LEAGUE New York, 7; Washington, 16, Chicago, 9; St, Louis, 5. Philadelphia, 6: Bostra, 2. Dertbit, 5; .Cleveland, 7.
f- f : '■f.''-:f' f ..f rf ;-f ■' TODAY’S GAMES f .f'-;'fv':f. NATIONAL LEAGUE Philadelphia at Detroit. New York at Chicago. Boston at Cleveland. , : ' Washington ft St. Louis. ■r ^AMERICAN-.LEAGPE Chicago at Philadelphia. St. Louis at Boston. Cincinnati at New York. Pittsburgh it Brboklyn,.^ '
The Smartest Thing on the Campus This: Season
*50
at
or 4:30 will stiU be able to see nim* ' holes of championship golf. There will be no admission charge and everyone interested is cordially invite ed to attend. With the large crowd expected by the commi^e it will be necessary for the spectators to cooperate to the fullest extent with the greens marshals especially at the l:ees and greens. ' The four players are expected to arrive here some time Tuesday morning. They will be luncheon guests at the home of Coach Jack Bixler along with a group of newspapermen who mil be attending the exhibition, and members of the eomriaittee.
' -A Vit 4:1 '“A I
i
im
hfeirig the oiily mari m the histcriy of teAwiri jtiote BriGsji arid American Open championships in twa succeteive years. Jimmy Thoiri-; sqhj a CaKteraia product; is conceded by most experte te hate the est drive of any, player in the game. Johnny Lehnian; who ^aduated from Purdqe in 1928 in the school of electrical engineering, was Big Ten champion, while in school and has been one of the most consistent ainateurs in the ipiddle west. A -feiv years ago hri was tte:mriner ol^ westeiii chariipiorisWp. ; 4 : ;
The event will lead off at ' 2:45 SSal
Wayne Sandefnr, ^36, IHade Evansville Coach Wayne Sandefur, senior in the aoience school rind varsity g^dmaW for the past three years, has ae- : ri®Pted a position -; on ; tee C^teiclrihg and teaching staff of Central high school, in Elvansville. He will serve as assistant football coach daring
the regular season.
A Cteite vase 2;860 years^^^c^^ he rited in a GruriaeD Coltete tehc^^
Cali: JOHNSON ' ^ ^ ^ Phoue 41332
MUk is your best food—r ilfs packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs,. :;ISicii' .In imlnf erals arild i^^^ v^ue,: .it*s, body-biillidmff and energy building.
Clothes m 0ur
X
The ptete is sitfiply Seething with gay, giddy colors and sparklihg, nSw ideas. It you re pedalling your own bicycle, or leaping lithely over picket fences— wrear culottes. If it's a birdie you're after, well-cut golf dresses Will make yo^the faiicst hazard brv tee feirway. A Basque linen cpat is someteirig to wear on the slightest provotetiori. Lmep and, gabardine^ shrirte; with bril- ' liant shirts are new. ^y srierSUrifor rrthfAte .
wt enough Words . . \ corne arid see!
Culottes . .
$1,98 to $6.98
Slacks . . .
$1.00 to $2.98
yShprts . . .
$K00
Shirts . . .
$1.00,^1.98
Bathing Suits . .
$l.90te$5;98
Play Sriits, 4ll;98 up
.
A's-.'-: » I ' ' ' I' ft. C. EiSftNBACH leweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
Bisk Dental CBntc iWiTHBR g,lt
^::de a.C ■ : /■ HAS EVERYTHING . for a . COLLEGE EDlieATION aG.REISNEE
SPAERENDAHL Merchant Tailor : 507 Main St.
Domer^s Flower Shop Qaalitr F!®w«n Main at 7th. Phone 6®S®
Typewriters. Adding Machines— For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Sale--Cheap model T ford pickup. Good cohditioh; C3all 70023.
Gr^ dieckwed i^acoat i a^ dehtiy exchanged, V7illtthe dymer call Granger, 45862. ^
Chamberlin’s Special For 'This Week—CJhocolate Chip and Vahilla, I Order it—it’s delicious.
NOTICES N* Botlees (WMeaMl sftw ■ ». m.
PRESBYTERIAN The last of the series of talks on “What Constitutes an Educated Man” will be presented by Dean Dorothy Stratton to the student class; at 9 tBO; Morning churbh services at ilp :46. Sunday Evening club picnic at Rotary park. GtorgAdf 16 cents for supper. All persdns desir^ ihg to go meet at the Union Building at 3 p. m. tomorrow. Transportation will be furnished.
Freshman Engineers—Students carrying assignment cards, but not taking engineering lectures, slioidd report to tSie haOS of the school in which they plan to enroll before May 26 for a conference in 1986-37 schedule. —KNAPP.
English 1 Students, Past and:. Pr^ent— Students who have not yet made a passing grade-in the punctuation and spelling tests should plan to he present at the make-up exanis which, respectively, concern them. {The place is room Iftl, Education Building. The time is 4 and 5 p. m. as follows: spelling, Tuesday, May 19 ; punctuation, Friday, May 22. Students not how enrolled in English 1 will need a ihmoval-of-condition card, in Order to be admitted to the examination. —WYKOFF.
WEST SIDE,BAPTIST ■ . At 9:30 Professor O. C- Trimble will speak on “Psychology and Religion”, At 10:36 a,t the morning service Rev. Gleason’s sermon will be “The Salt of the Ears t”. Roger Williams social hour at 6:30, followed by discussion oA^onesty”, to 4)6 led by Franklin Barrett. At 7:30 Rev. Ritchey, of the First Baptist church, of Lafayette, will speak.
A. S. M. , E. Members—Get magazines, membership cards, and pins in Prof. Ludy’s office. Keys are not available. ^SHIELDS.
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—Please leave with Miss Coolidge before 4:30 Monday a statement of your group Or committee interests in next year’s program arranged in order of preference. —JONES.
Forestry Clnl>---All membeis not having transportation to field day be in front of the Hort Bldg., at T :30. -^CRAIG.
. 'ST. JOHN’S EPISCOPAL , Prof. G. A. Young will recount historical anecdotes of Purdue and tell about the bid traditions at the meeting of the Young People’s Fellowship at 7 o’clock. Supper will be served at 6. The Holy Communion will be celebrated at 8 o’clock in the morning, and at the service at 10 :45. The Rector will preach on “Prayer— Another Superstition'?” Music will be sung by the choir of boys and men, directed by H. Irwin Metzger.
W. A. A. Hiking—Hike to Happy Hollow today at 2:30. Evoiyone invited. Meet at Gym. —DOBSON.
W. A. A. Archerym. Fresham m i
-Tourney today at 10. —^BOEHM.
Newman Club—Meet at 4 Monday in the 1 Union. Important. Nomination of officers. —VON HARZ.
CHRISTIAN Student class at 9:30. The Rev. J. N. Jessup will occupy the pulpit at the morning service at 10:45. Christian Endeavor social hour, with lunch, at 6:30.
Today will be a busy day for all those interested in varsity sports at the University. Pour different events have been scheduled for today and out of these four, three will he played in West Lafayette. The fourth bf these; ■eyehfe^ ^ meet with Illinois, will he rim off in Champaign, Illinois, this afterrioon. Indiana will bring its bhess squad up here tbday for a match with the local students and instructors. '■ Pinal Gam© ■ ' The biggest event of the day will be the final game of the thr|^ game series in baseball with the oaseball nine from Louisiana Tech. The southern lads won the first two games with ease, but some fanS f eel that after their pobr showing yes--terday, the locals will take on new life today and really give Tech a gobd game. Last Wednesday the Downey will pitch for the Boilermakers today and the Louisiana cbach announced last night that Lewis, or possibly Hintoh> wbuld hurl for Tech. Today’s game will take place on the nbrth end of intramural field at 2 o’clock: In addition tb the chess match scheduled for today, the Crimson school will send up its varsity golf team for a match with the local stirokers. Coach Martin feels that his cinder men are in good condition now and that the track meet this afternoon at Champaign will be a fast bne.
P. 1. A. Members—Be sure to sign up at the P. I. A. office in the Union if you wish to go on the picnic to Ross Camp tomorrow afternoon. The fifteen cents may he paid tomorrow. —WARD
Glider Club—Work and flying session this afternoon. Leave tow car garage at 1. —O’NEAL. . Alumni Assomation—A meeting is called of the Tippecanoe group of the Purdue Alumni Association for the evening of May 22 at the Union. Luncheon in the cafeteria at 6:16 and meeting following. the luncheon in the faculty lounge at 7. All local alumni are urged to attend. —HOFFMAN.
Unionr—The following people report at the time specified to rooms 1 and 3 of the Union for interviews tomorrow; 1:00—:6ene Wright, Ih B. Bieth, 1:05—-Frank Sheets, 1:10—Joe Evans, l:16^Robert Favorite, 1:20—^Herbert Wiegandt, 1:26—Harry Plorzheimer, 1:30—Richard Pitts, 1:60'—Robert
WESLEY FOUNDATION Officers will leave for the annpal retreat at Battle Ground at 8:30 tomorrow morning. All plans will be made for next year. Mr. Tom Howe, bf the physics department, will present “Thvo Gospels for One” to the men’s class at 9:30. Mrs. E. E. Mitchell will teach the co-ed class. The Annual Star Service will be held at 7:46 at the stadium, preceded by a picnic supper at 6:46. All piMents are invited. The University t^escope will be used.
Uterally
they mmhe m -"^mew mmn- e In Crown Gleaned Clothes you can go places...to the games, the lodge, chufch, parties, dances and' in the Midst of life. ;:
CM Omega-Kaippa Sig’s Down Alpha XI=Triaiigl© The Chi Omega’s and Kappa Sigma’s won the mixed baseball game yesterday from the Alpha Xi’s and Triangle’s by the score of 16, to 11. The five inning game was played at 6 O’clock on the girl’s hockey field back of the Pharmacy Building.
Beta. Theta Pi Beta Theta Pi fraternity announces the pledging of D. S. Mortensen, Milwaukee, Wis,
H. Schlundt, 1:66—^George Claypool, 2:00—1 Paul Marshall, 2:16—John Conway, 2:20— WilUs Jewett, 2 ;25—^Bay Fatout, 2:80— Ward Stallings, 2:46—Louis Putze, 2:60— Glenn D, Cross, 2 :65—Jim Hess, 3:00—Jack Scatterday, 8:16—Dwight Williamson, 8:20 —Robert Reid, 3 :26—M. G. Mytinger, 3:30Marjorie Louis, 3:46—Marjorie Poor, 3 :60t— Lorna McLeod, 3:66—Jeanne Perkins, 4:00 ;—Lyda Lyon] 4:16—rJanet Martin, 4:10Marjorie Richey, 4 :26—Frances Ford. —PULLER.
©KISS]! Uimm I F I N E C L E A N E R S O F F I N E C JL O T H E