the jp^rdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette# Indiana. Saturday# October 16# 1937
NUMBER 29
All America
■ByCHRISTY WALSH—1 Member All-America i Board of Football ‘ New names filter thrbrfgli the observer's sieve agfilii this week, and 10 players, heretofore unmentioned, received Cardi^ of Merit assuring them of consideration when the board meets to select the All/ America team for 1937< As in previous seasons the linemen are slow to get deserved recognition, but the names of several hard-charging, inconspicuous forwards have been singled out for honors and listed below, in preference to backs whose thrilling exploits made the headlines last Sunday. The weekly ratings have passed the one-thijd mark but with every major team under fire in the coming six weeks. All America contenders will be minutely scrutinized. Eighty players, in addition to the 10 below, will be selected: PAY. Illinois. Guard. An anonymous "but highly qualified observer wires that this senior right guard was one of the outstanding performers in the brilliant defense of the lllini which halted the vaunted Notre Dame attack. Fay is not a showy player but was never “sucked in" or taken out of his position. He made innumerable, timely tackles that helped pile up the Irish. GRAY. Oregon State. Halfback. Ever dependable Royal Brougham, Seattle Post Intelligencer, rates this player All America in the following spirited wire: “Don’t miss on Joe Gray in this weeks ratings. 'This great back whipped the championship Washington team with his dazzling passing. He can kck and run superbly and belongs wth the best backs in the U. S. A.” Your man will receive a Card of Merit, Mr. Brougham. HICKMAN. Columbia. Halfback. Furiously pacing his teammates with an outstanding exhibition of all-around play, this forward-passing wizard was the star of the day, although Army won the game. Eighteen of his 34 passes hit the target, and he dominated the game right down to the nci ve-wiacking finish. WEAR- Penn State. Quarterback. Barely moving tne scales at 136 pounds, this diminutive human Oomb-shell exploded in Buckneilh lac^ all thiough a hect c contest that was not settled until the final gun—and ^^1 s, h..eK icturns, sweeping runs, and uispuing example set the stage toi tne victory touchdown. KRINGLE. Manhattan. Halfback. Three poinis was suificient to defeat a strong team from Michigan State, but without the poise and courage of Kringle and the precision ol his educated toe, a tie game seemed asfauied Kringle receives a Card of Merit for showing his mettle at the big moment WOOD. Tennessee. Quarterback. Battling alongside ot his teammates, valiantly but in vain, this Tennessee terror was Dukes greatest concern throughout the entire game. His all-around play was excellent, hiB handling of plays coptinually crossed up the enemy, and his magnificent passing was cheered by both sides. The game was a tie, but a personal victory for this All America candidate. SCHINDLER. Southern California. A quarterback. Easily the outstanding back on either team, this Trojan ball-carrier was the key-man in upsetting Ohio State, favorites to win by several scores, Schindler IS the hest exponent of Howard Jones football in several seasons, and the present Trojan forward wall apparently provides the power requiied to make his running, plunging and passing accumulate yardage. WEGNER. Northwestern. Center. Another handy, quick-thinking pivot-man who proves that a player doesn’t have to he in the backfield to be in the spotlight, providing he can deliver at the right moment. (Continued on page 4)
Joe Sanders Will Play For Military Bail, November 5 Joe Sanders, “the old left-hander,” Will play for the annual Military Ball, the night of November 5. The swingmaster, who calls himself the village pest, will bring his entire repertoire for this formal dance to be held in the Memorial Union Buildifig- ! Next Tuesday the sale of limited tickets opens> according' to information released-by the Military Ball jeommittee last nights All students taking military training are given first preference in the distribution of the pasteboards which will cost three dollars each. Joe Sanders recently completed a long-time engagement at the Blackhawk Restaurant in the heart of downtown Chicago. Popular with Windy City night crowds, Sanders has played nightly over WGN and other Chicago stations. The members of the Military Ball committee are, seniors: Cadet Lt. Col. P. S. Emrick, chairman; Cadet Cols. W. C. Musham, R. O. Wickersham, E. H. Martin; Cadet Lt. Col. E. C. Alexander; Cadet Majors G. E. Simonton, A. K. Fisher, N. K. Reinhard, D. A. Morrison, and Drum Major C. M. Jorgeson. Juniors on the committee are Cadet First Sergeants R. 0. Dirmeyer, J. M. Rudolph, L. L. Treece, and M. E. Slater. Tickets can be purchased from any member of' this committee. Camera Club To Hear Local Phoiographer Paul Tanco of Tanco Photos, W. Lafayette, will be guest speaker at the next meeting of the University Camera Club being held Wednesday, October 20, at 7 p. m., in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. Since the camera club this year is cooperating with the Debris in taking and developing photos for the next issue. Tanco will talk on making magazine pictures and how to get good results. He will also give a short resume of his experiences as a commercial photographer. Although the meeting is especially for members of the club, everyone interested is invited by the club to attend. 1937 Grads Sent Copies Of Governor's June Address The commencement address delivered by Governor Clifford Townsend last June has been recently printed by the University and sent to members of the class. Extra copies may be obtained for nothing at the office of Prof. R. W. Babcock, University editor, in the Service and Stores Building.
Boilermaker Squad Tackles Undefeated Northwestern At Evanston Today
No Cigars Land Pin Pushers In Wabash Early last night two members of Delta Chi fraternity were 'dunked into the cold waters of the Wabash River by thpir fraternity mates. The reason for this premeditated attack was that the two had passed their pins and not given out cigars. At supper time the quarry became suspicious and sneaked away to the browsing room ill the Union where they were found. From there they were escorted to the banks of the Wabash beneath the Brown street bridge and rolled into the river. After this the two boys were hurriedly taken home by their fraternity brothers. M. J. Sackett, ME '12, Dies At Home Hospital After Auto Accident M. J. Sackett, M. E. T2, Louisville, Ky., succumbed last night at 8:05 p.m. in the Home Hospital here of a fractured skull received when a new tire on his car blew out throwing the car off the road and into an embankment on U. S. Highway 52, six miles south of Lafayette at about 6 p. m. Sackett was director of the Indianapolis region of the Purdue Alumni Association, and president of Sackett Fuel Company in Louisville. He was always active in alum, ni matters, being on his way to the Northwestern game when the accident occurred. With him were his wife, who is suffering from shock at the Home Hospital, and another passenger. Miss Ruth Nichols, 22 years old, of Louisville, suffering a possible fractured arm. Soller and Baker funeral directors have interred the body which will probably be removed to Louisville soon.
Thirty-Six Gridmen Make Trip. Elward Expeded To Use Passing Attack In Effort To Halt Big Ten Champions
Purdue
PROBABLE LINEUP Position
Northwestern
Britt
: LE
Kovatch
Schreyer (C)
LT
Cutlich
Bykowski
LG
Wells
Humphrey
C
Wegner
Grant
RG
Kalvano
Woltman
RT
Voights
Vergane
RE
Diehl
Hennis
QB
Vanzo
Cecil Isbell
LH
Heap (C)
Brock
RH
Jefferson
Juska
FB
Ryan
Broadcast—WGN, WJJD, WBBM, (NBC) WMAQ. Officials—Referee: Fred Gardner, Cornell. Umpire, Frank Birch, Earlham. Field Judge, Meyer Morton, Michigan. Head Linesman, Jay Wyatt, Missouri. Thirty-six determined Purdue gridmen left here yesterday morning to take up the challenge flaunted in their faces by practically all of the sporting world. That challenge is in the form of a general belief that the Boilermakers will not be able to emerge from their game with the Wildcats this afternoon on the winning end of the final
Mixer Bulletin
Saturday, October 16
Orchestra—Lou Schilling
Time—9 m. to 12 p. m.
Price—$1.00 per couple
score. Show Potential Strength Although the season was launched with a number in inexperienced men in both the line and backfield, and the squad has yet to show the finished precise type of game that has characterized Purdue elevens of the past few years, the team has upon occasions shown flashes of potentiak power which, unfortunately, have failed to be in evidence for any length of time. Coach Mai Elward has been trying to counteract Northwestern's edge by concentrating on an open style of play which is dependent upon speed and deception for its effectiveness. A brilliant aerial display will probably mark the Purdue offensive thrusts as they have but little hope of being able to make consistent gains through the Wildcat forward wall. Strong Defense With Captain Schreyer and Woltman, the “tackle twins,” holding their key positions in the Bqilermaker line and being important cogs in the bulwark of the Purdue line which showed its strength in their goal line stands against Ohio State and Carnegie Tech, not much doubt is left that the squad is defensively sound when put to the test. If Coach Elwards gridmen can turn some of their strength into offense and give the backfield an opportunity to function, Northwestern is in for a surprise as Purdue has the material but hasn’t seemed to be able to click as yet.
Rhodes Scholarships Available To Sfudeots Application blanks for the Rhodes Scholarships are now available from Dr. J. A. Estey, of the department of history, economics, and government. According to the will of Cecil John Rhodes, thirty-two scholarships are to be given to male students from accredited universities. The stipend is fixed at 400 pounds a year. The conditions for eligibility are: that the applicant be a citizen of the United States, unmarried, between the ages of 19 and 25, and have completed at least two years in an accredited university or college by the time of application. The selection will be made on the basis of scholarship, qualities of manhood, moral character, and physical vigor. Four scholarships will be given from each of the eight districts. Indiana is in the fourth district along with Michigan, Wisconsin, Illinois, Ohio, and Kentucky. Concert Choir Will Sing At Altrusa Convention At 6 o’clock tonight, members of the Altrusa Clubs will have an opportunity to hear the University Concert Choir at their convention in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. The program will consist of variety selections directed by Albert P. Stewart.
Large Bass Drum Makes Game Trip It has been definitely decided that the big bass drum will accompany the band on its trip to Chicago today, as a new macintosh cover has been procured for it and it has been fastened to the truck with new white web braces. Because of these recent^ acquisitions, those in charge are no longer afraid to send the drum on long trips. With the new mounting and cover they prophesied the drum truck could travel as fast as an ordinary truck without danger to the drum. Union Entertains 300 With Varsity Show Musical Presentation About 300 people attended the Union’s Varsity Show last iHght from 7:30 to 8:15. Don Muller was master of ceremonies of the program arranged by Tom Garland, vicepresident in charge. The variety of entertainment was received by the audience with a series of complimentary ovations. Featured on the program were, Pat Clinton’s orchestra; Mary Ed Johnston, Marge Stan-ett and Leonard Raftree, vocal solos; Russ Mock and Jerry Ciral at the piano; whistling by Woodrow Prume; and a unique arrangement by Dorothy Martin. Miss Martin sang, to her own accompaniment, twoi songs of her own composition, “What Love Can Do” and “Impressions of Swing.” The program was concluded by the playing of the theme song by Pat Clinton. Women's Club To Meet Hear Wabash Professor Professor Theodore G. Gronert, of Wabash College, will be guest speaker at a meeting of the curent history section of the Purdue Women’s Club set for next Tuesday, October 19, at 3 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. His subject will be “America and W orld Affairs.” Alpha Chi Rhcr Pledges Alpj^a Chi Rho fraternity announces the pledging of R. N. Land and M. M. Richards, Richmond.
Picture Sittings For Debris Seniors Will Begin Monday
Photographers from Dexheimer-Carlton Studios, Indianapolis, will begin taking Debris senior pictures in room A of the Union Building, at 8 a. m. Monday. Every senior has been scheduled a sitting for a definite time, and will receive a card telling the exact time of his sitting through the mail. - Debrig editors state that it is very important that each senior report t^ room A on time, or that he make arrangements for a more convenient time. As an added accommodation to seniors, 60 prints of each picture on regular Debris paper will be available at cost price of 25 cents. These pictures will be the same size as those, in the book. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris picture and should be made time the picture is taken.
MONDAY MORNING
8:00 Amslee, Grace 8:06 Amsler, F. 8 :10 Atkinson, F. £. 8:16 Bailey, W. F. 8:20 Bain, Louise 8:25 Bannivart, Bessie 8:80 Beko, Helen 8:85 Beck, R. J. 8:40 Behrens, W. J. 8:46 Belding, R. V. 8:60 Bexler, Emma 8 :66 Brown, Jean 9:00 Blume, R. C. 9:0B Bordone, F. Jr. 9:10 Best, Mrs. Doris 9 :16 Clawson, Anna 9 ;20 Clevinger, M|aroia
9:25 9:80 9:85 9:40 9:45 9:50 9:66 10:00 10:05 10:10 10:16 10:20 10:26 10:30 10:36 10:40 10:46 10:60
Cromer, Catherine Bluemel, E. Bonwell, R. P Buth, W. H. Caidivell, K- T. Clark, R. B. Cobbs, G. V. Adajt, F. W. Antueshko, V. W. Ball, R. S. Eearse, L. R. Bell, J. F. Anderson, Jane Best Eita Bieger, Ruth Bryant, Dorothy Campbell, Mabel Cassell, Martha
10:66 11:00 11:06 11:10 11:18 11:20 11:26 11:80 11:36 111 :40 Ul:46 11:60
12:50 12:65 1:00 1:06 1:10 1:16 1:20 1:26 1:S0 1:36 1:40 1:46 1:60 1:66 2:00 2:06 2:10 3:16 2:20 2:26 2:i0 2:26 2:40 2:45 2:60 2:66 8:00 8:06
Delaplane, Ellyn Ayer, E, D. Barron, M. D. Bassett, C. E. Bigelon, C. G. Boecker, Mbrybelle Bruver, Daisy Eclair, E. A. Rowen, H. S. Eowen, M. M. Brisling, T. H. McFadden, B. R. MONDAY AFTERNOON Abercrombie, G. R. Andres, J. P. Beck, W. G. Belt D. R. Amsden, Margaret BoorJ, Kathryn Bosco, Jennie Bruver, Merle kirkpatrick, Chas. Davis, Mary Blickenstaff, E. F. Bliss, C. H. Brasington, R. C. Brock, J. E. Brown, G. W. Althere, G. H. Billinors, W. B. Rasil)ger, Virran Binget, Alma Burger, R. A. Burgess-Dye, J. A. Burkholder, C. M. Byrd, B. W. Camp, S. J. Von Catron, C. Carnes. W. W. Cbinn, R. H. Cpn(^, L. M.
3:10 3:15 3:20 3:26 3:30 3:36 3:40 3:46 8:50 3:66 4:00 4:06 4:10 4:16 4:20 4:26 4:30 4:36 4:40 4:45 4 :e0 4:66 6:00
8:00 8:06 8:10 8:15 8:20 8:26 8:30 8:35 8:40 8:45 8:50 8:66 9:00 9:05 9:10 9:16 9:20
Brown G. L. Bruner, P. G. Clipp, F. P. Coffee, R. J. Cohen, S. R. Cooper, L. E. Craig, R. J. Crass, G. D. Captain, R. N. Denny, Helen Diehl, Katherine Carr, Ruthjeanne Coan, Dorothy Dicker, L. W. Arnold, H. W Beversdorf, B. C. Brodsky, L. Brown, D. R. Dungan, H. R. Dunnington, E. T. Bonglas, G. F. Egle, P. H. James Von Harz TUESDAY MORNING Abbott, R. B Aldrich, S. J. Alice, W. A. Anderson, H. W. Anderson, H. H. Barrett, M. L. Bauer, P. C. Belsley, S. E. Blank, O. J. Bowman, J. D. Bryant, G. B. Buchanan, J. D. Azbell, J. F. Alter, A. J. Baals, D. D. Barth, H. J. Berry, W. H.
9:26 9:30 9:36 9:40 ^:46 9:50 9:66 10:00 10:06 10:10 10:16 10:20 10:26 10:80 10:36 10:40 10:46 10:60 10:65 11:00 11:06 11:10 11:16 11:20 11:26 11:30 11:36 11:40 11:46 11:60
12:60 12:65 1:00 1:Q6 1:10 1:16 1:20 1:26 1:80 1:36
Bateman, J. R. Birge, R. D. Brown, S. H. Buscl^niann, O. O. Carson, D, H. Criss, B.' E. Danciu, C. Alexander. E. C. Brink, T. R. Campbell, C. W. Clevenger, W. W. Clinton, R. W. Colby, A. C. Campbell, J. R, Cork, B. C. Craig, W. IJ. Cully, J. P. Cummins, E. S. Decker, P. H. Berdis, B. E. Best, R. D. Brower, F, L, Brown, E. R. Brown, J. R. Brandt, F. C. Brunsdon, D. V. Cassidy, J. L. Coats. C. W. Goers, E*. L. ' Gillilan, W.J. TUESDAY AFTERNOON Cox. E. N. Dailey, L. E. Davis, R. B. DeRamond, T. P. Dibble, J. C. Diener, J. H.'' Dow, R. B. Budding. C. W. Dobson, Lucille Doyle, .Frances
1:40 Dray, HUdred 1 ;45 Fricke, Neva 1:60 Frjck, Rosemary 1 ;66 Friend, Josephine 2 ^QQ George, Mary Jane 2:06 Dicks, Margaret 2:1Q Fantone, Margaret 2:16 Green, Dora Mae 2:20 Eckert, H. F. 2:26 EUmaker. J. B. 2:30 Eichorn, R. L. 2:35 Emrick, P. S. 2:40 Engleton. J. R. 2:45 Evans, J. S. 2:60 Evans. J, A. 2:65 Everest, G. 8:00 Fhrback. J. E. 3:06 Douglas, Vera 3:10 Eldridge, Marjory 3:15 Hess, Mary Louise '3:20 Hiet. PhyUis 3:25 Kaufman, Jean 3:80 Moore, Fern 3:36 Morehouse, Dorothy 3:40 Morehouse, Kathryn 3:46 Morris. Harriet 3:60 Murphy, Lillian 8:66 O'Bannon, Fay 4:00 Painter. Betty 4:06 Diggins, E. R. 4 ;10 Huffman, M. 4:16 Hufford. C. B. 4:20 Hall. W. D. 4:26 Heistrom, H. A. 4:30 Henry. R. L. 4:36 Herman, S. W. 4:40 Hess. J. C. 4:46 Jackson, R. D. 4:60 Jackson, R, R. 4:55 Jenkins. R, 6:00 Stolz, JeannniiiiiiiiiiniMP
” ^ * ST
m-^‘ *>
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. October 16. 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
^seriated golUoiatc *^rcsg
RBPRBSENTEU hOt o .^u /xUVu. » 4iA BV NatlonaE Advertsss^gService, Bnc. College Publtshers RcfiresentaUve 420 Madison Ave new York N Y CHICAGO - Boston - Loa Angeles San Francisco
jBditonal Phone 6037 CampuB Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $8 60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF .
. . R. P Manion BUSINESS MANAGER D. C. Miller
NIGHT EDITOR
Schroeder October 16, 1937 ISSUE EDITOR^
Houston
EXPONENT PLATFORM Improve student housing conditions. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods
‘Just Wait Till I Get Going’ “I 3ust flunked another physics daily,” a student announced to his roommate, “but just wait till I get going,” he continued, “ril knock them dead. I like physics and pretty soon I’m going to start applying myself.” Have you ever made such a statement ? Has a similar thought ever crossed your brow— even ever so lightly? If you have consciously or unconsciously drifted into this attitude, now is the time to snap out of it. If you have been waiting till the reah substance of the course is approached, you have already waited four weeks too long. The time to settle down and apply yourself began with school, Thursday, September 16. True, it is hard to get back into the habits of applying books to Teaming—not everyone can settle right down and study, especially after an enthralling summer of manual labor and recreation—but already one quarter of the semester has passed. One quarter of your semester’s grade is potentially formed, and many are not yet “putting their shoulders’ to the wheel. There is still time to ‘hit the ball’ and keep that semester grade where it should be, but if you continue to pass off zeros, Cs, and Ds lightly with an “I just haven’t started to work yet. Wait—” you might as well take
this semester off. The time when all frantic studying will be in vain is rapidly approaching.—G. W. F. Is English Standards Work A Nuisance? Editor’s Note: Today a guest editorialist is contributing to our columns. The following editorial by R. H. Chinn, senior agricultural student, was submitted as a class theme in Professor McKee’s English 115 course. Once again the juniors and seniors are to be subjected to the nuisance of scrutinizing their written work carefully lest it pass into the hands of the committee on standards in English and be judged unsatisfactory. If this IS a nuisance to the upperclassmen, it is one toward which they must develop a tolerance. Similar nuisances will confront them all through their lives. Prospective employers demand letters of application, and actual employers demand written reports. The college man is required to do some writing, and a part of the world judges him solely on his writing ability. He cannot escape the nuisance of carefully preparing his manuscripts. Three and one-half years of “nuisancing” by the committee on standards in English has uncovered some upperclassmen who were woefully weak in the use of correct English. Some students required many tutoring sessions in room 209 of University Hall before they became reasonably proficient in their use of English. Others had been merely careless, and one session was sufficient for them to prove their ability. The nuisance factor is more than compensated for by the benefit the student receives —whether it be badly needed tutoring, or merely a “jacking up.” '
By Mary Cooley “Good risks” among the students at the University of New Mexico may continue their education by borrowing money fom local banks at low interest rates. ^ Tom Popejoy, executive assistant to the president says, “Students are receiving the maximum of credit at the lowest rates from all the local banks. Approximately a hundred students have already taken advantage of these student loans.” The plan of allowing students to borrow from the local banks is now in its second year there, and, according to university officials, is working satisfactorily. The University of New Mexico is one of the few universities in the United States, whose students are receiving help from commercial bankers. 4: 4= * * “There is little to be attained in thumbing a ride in the rumble seat of a college curriculum” warns Dear! Guy Stanton Ford, acting president of the Umversity of Minnesota. “It IS not the business of a university to educate its students against their will. What you get out of college and out of life will be a measure of what you put in it.” Jit * * ♦ The hottest “hot box” of many years of fraternity rush proved successful to the Delta Upsilon chapter at the University of Kansas in the dressing room of Edgar Bergen, radio and stage star The rushing of Bergen’s brainchild, Charlie McCarthy, included the sending of innumeiable telegrams and long distance telephone calls, and even the chartering of an airplane, to Los Angeles “Well, there are a few of the boys that I don’t like very well, but I’ll wear your trinket, because, after all Pm just a chip off the old block,” Charlie is reported to have said as the boys presented him vith the pledge button between shows in a Kansas City Theatre Bergen is a member of the Northwestern chapter of the fraternity * * ♦ * The Indiana Univeisity board of trustees has author ized an extension of the university library training course. The acting piesident, H. B. Wells, IS tiying to aiiange the curriculum so that the larger program may be put into effect at the
beginmng of the second semester. These improvements of facilities foi the training of librarians have resulted from the growing demands from students planning to work in general libraries, and from school librarians who must have increased training to meet recent regulations of the state board of education.
Student organizations at the University of North Carolina have banned the hectic “big apple.” Some say the floor on which most of the student dances are held was too frail to withstand the stomping. But the chief reason seems to be, as one boy expressed it, “The students are just getting fed up on the ‘big apple’.”
—TODAY— 11 00—Just Kids. 11 30—4-H Club Program . 12‘00—Tune Time with Charles Powell. 12 15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 30—Footnotes on the Headlines, Prof. Frank Hall. 12 45—Market Reports 1‘00—Radio Stage 1 30—Ivor Sempill, contralto. 1 46—Saturday Musical Review. 2 00—Campus Varieties. 2*30—Stamp Club Meeting. W6AA To Audition Students Who Can Moo Or Scream Students with aptitude for the imitation of cows’ moos, frightened maidens’ sciearns, railroad trains’ rattles, and exasperated maniacs in general, may have their chance to perform by calling radio station WBAA, according to station officials If then screams sound maidenly enough, and their cows' moos really conjure up the poignant odoi which only a cattle bam can have, then they may be chosen to be sound effect men. They will get to moo, scream, and rattle foi the Little Theatre Program on Friday afternoons and for the ladio plays on Saturday afternoons.
By Sally McKee Handshaking is not a purely masculine sport. It should be indulged in by women as well—more women than do in fact. A very indignant chem. engineer approached us recently with a demand that we tell co-eds to shake hands when introduced. “Why how can I remember their names if they don’t show enough interest m me to offer to shake hands.” And ladies, you must offer (unless you have a cold); the young man is forbidden by convention from offering. A steady, firm but not wreaking handshake will help you remember him and help him remember you Library Staff Attends Indianapolis Convention Members of the Umversity library staff are now attending the Indiana Library Association Conference in Indianapolis. The mam topic of the conference is a discussion of new plans for public library service development. Miss Vera Brittain, visiting English authoress, opened the conference Wednesday with a speech on “The New York School of Social Work Effectively Aggressive.”
PRACTICE TOUCHBALL GAMES Monday, Dctober 18 Field 1— Alpha Chi Rho vs Beta Sigma Psi—Beck 2— Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Chi— Juillard 8—Delta Tau Delta vs Delta Upsilon—^Caporoso. 4—Kappa Sigma vs. Lambda Chi Alpha—Smiths on 6—Phi Delta Theta vs Theta Chi —Troyer 6— Phi Kappa Sigma vs Phi Kappa Tau—Boyer. 7— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Tau Epsilon Phi—Kerber. 8— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Nu —Wallace.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Youi old mud-slinger is back at the helm again in spite of the barrage of deadly letters he received about Tuesday’s column. Incidentally yom correspondent is fully aware that the majority of those letters were inspired by one burned-up pm pusher who commanded his pledge class to write the uncomplimentary missives.
WRH Alice Newton turned down two dates for tonight m hopes that Phi Delt Scott would call her. A trusting soul, but then she’s only a freshman, which possibly explains it.
We’ve just got to hand it to Lil for making her crew in the grill snap The service is approximately 248 and three-fourths per cent better. It takes only 1 minute and 24 seconds to obtain a coke.
“Grandstander” Martha Brown wasn’t smooching under the chimes of Heavilon because she preferred the floodlights m front of WRH I’m sure that she made a hit with the girls
If you’re out with a Kappa, And you get so slap happa You offer her your pin; She’ll say yes with a sob. And offer you her door knob. And ask for a slug o* gin. Sequel to “Who’s got the missing door knob?”
I have returned that darned old pm and I’m back m circulation again Call 5031, if you please. Betty Elstun (paid ad)
-and by using No-Krak paint your work will live for posterity!”
Off to loop the loop in Chicago’s loop. I’ll be back with all the dirt that goes by the censor m Tuesday’s column. All the lowdown on the Northwestern brawl See you at the game, sober, I hope
—LAST DAY-
DOUBLE FEATURE GENE AUTRY in “Git Along Little Dogies” —and— FRANKIE DARRO in “TOUGH TO HANDLE” SUNDAY — MONDAY Paul Muni Louise Ranier in “THE GOOD EARTH”
-todaydouble FEATURE
plus Mickey Rooney in “HOOSIER SCHOOLBOY” Midnite Prevue TONITE 11:30
The Biggest Laugh Riot In Years!
LAST DAY—
JOHN BARRYMORE IN
Starts Tomorrow The Ritz Bros. IN “Life Begins at College”
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOW!
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY
mwm
‘Robinson Crusoe” Serial
SUNDAY — MONDAY “Good Old Soak”
“They Wanted to Marry”
TODAY OtY
One Solid Hour of Dazzling Entertainment
Riotous Stage Revue Syncopators . . . Singers
Magicians
30 People!
Dancers
Glorious Girls!
Ut HOllYWOOD INGENUES REVUE Featuring o MARGO BERNAL and her HOLLYWOOD INGENUES ALL GIRL BAND A Band of Honeys — and a Honey of a Band O 9—Variety Acts—9 O
avSaturday. October, 16.1937
THE raRDUE EXPONENT
B' TEAM MEETS NOTRE DAME AT SOUTH BEND TODAY
Minnesota-Michigan, Illinois-Indiana Tilts Head List Of Other Big Ten Games For Today
Big Ten football goes into its second round today with several grudge battles topping the list and plenty of action in store for all the teams. Michigan’s Wolverines, beaten twice this year, but showing promise of some good football, take on the questionable Gophers of Minnesota. The Wolverines showed a fine defense in their 7-0 defeat by Northwestern last Saturday and promise to give the Gophers a run for their money unless the Bierman boys can muster more of an offense than was exhibited in the game with Indiana. Hoosiers Given Edge Another game that promises to have plenty of action is the IllinoisIndiana battle at Bloomington, with the Hoosiers given a slight edge by some predictions. Indiana showed a nice offense against the Gophers by outgaining them a couple of yards but is short of reserves and will be up against a defense that was able to hold Notre Dame scoreless. Wisconsin is given a clear cut edge over Iowa by virtue of the great power shown so far this season. Tl|e Badgers seem definitely on the trail to a first division berth after several years of depression and figure to keep their slate clean for a while. Maroons Underdogs At Chicago, the lowly Maroons face Princeton and can expect the usual setback, although the game may not be so one sided as many are lead to expect. The Tigers are not the team they have been the last few years, and Chicago has at times shown some real football. The only Big Ten team idle this week is the powerful Ohio State Buckeyes who are fashioning their attack to take Northwestern into camp next week.
Six Frafernities In Softball Tourney With only two fraternities left to play off the preliminary elimination tie which resulted iii six teams winning five games and losing,pne, the interfraternity softball tournament is rapidly drawing to a close. The Theta Chis, Phi Delta Thetas, Sigma Chis, Phi Kappa Sigmas, Phi Sigma Kappas, and Alpha Gamma Rhos have reached the final round of play and will begin their final elimination for the championship next Monday. The Delta Upsilons and Kappa Delta Rho’s have yet to play off their preliminary tie to decide who shall be among the eight finalists. Final Rounds In All-Campus Golf To Begin Hext Week With Eight Men Competing Scheduled to begin the final round of play next Tuesday, the all-Cam-pus golf tournament has again proven one of the most popular events of the fall sports calendar, with 25 men signed up for the preliminary elimination. All entrants should play their qualifying round of 18 holes by tomorrow and the men with the eight lowest scores will begin the final elimination play next Tuesday. 'A beautiful gold figure will be given to the winner.
Relax! You don’t have to be an expert to play pool or billiards. The UNION BILLIARD ROOM is a haven for the novice. Whether you are just learning the game or if you know how to play you can enjoy an evening in the UNION BILLIARD ROOM.
Free 'Lessons JhSL fiundwL TtfUmifiLcdL lAmrnL Corner of the Campu^—Yet the Center of Activities
“Very few football squads have been able to maintain full stride during the entire season,” so says Pittsburgh’s Football Coach Jock Sutherland. Purdue meets an undefeated, untied Northwestern this afternoon at Dyche Stadium. The Wildcats scored 26 points in their season opener against Iowa State but only seven last week against Michigan. Maybe the Wildcats have already hit their peak. —^fc— Lynn Waldorf’s forward wall has yet to be tested against a running attack as strong as the Boilermakers’. Although lacking the final scoring punch Michigan repeatedly ripped big holes in the middle of the Wildcat line last week. With Isbell, Brock, Juska, Brown and Selby all in fair physical condition the Boilermakers’ versatile running and passing offense should give the Big Ten champs more trouble than most of the experts think. —^fc— Notre Dame officials are asking the sports writers to stop calling the schools football team the “Ramblers.” They prefer the “Fighting Irish.” “Ramblers’ ’indicate a roving team that tours the country with but few home games. This is no longer the case at the South Bend institution. Perhaps Purdue should be called the “Boileramblers.” —^fc— Once again the Chicago Daily Maroon is arousing agitation for dropping its school from the Western Conference. Such action would have to be taken by Midway officials since Chicago is a charter member of the Big Ten. It has been rumored for s6me time that Nebraska might replace the Maroons should they decide to place their athletic schedules on a lower plane. This is one arrangement which would be beneficial to all teams involved.
University Calendar
—TODAY— Altrusa Club: Meeting in the Union Building at 9 a. m. Physics Department: Picnic at Ross Camp at 1:30 p. m. Altrusa Club Dinner: Dinner meeting in the Union ballroom at 6 o’clock. Union Mixer: Mixer in the Union ballroom at 9 p. m., Lou Schilling will play.
Veteran Team Gives Promise Of Success As Fencing Starts Co-captains J. S. McWilliams and J. Seaborg who both showed up well during the last season will lead the University’s veteran fencing team into this year’s competition. As only one man was removed by graduation, the team looks forward to what might easily be its most successful season. Other members of the team include R. Mathews, L. Sellers, C. Huffman, A. Levin, H. Reynolds, R. Mei^r, V. Antucshko, H. Lacey, M. Stepath, and H. Zweig. The team will again be under the guiding hand of Professor R. V. Finney, last year’s coach. Several promising members of last year’s frosh squad will be given an opportunity to get into competition this year. Any students who have had fencing experience are urged, by those in charge, to attend the first practice at 4:00 p. m. Monday, October 18, in the gym on the fourth floor of the Recitation Building. Phi Dell's Beat Theta Chi's in Inter-Fraternity Gelt Meet To Win Championship The interfraternity golf tournament was brought to a close yesterday with the Phi Delta Thetas becoming the newly crowned champions, winning from the Theta Chis 3-0. The Phi Delts teed off in extremely adverse weather conditions and found they were competing against a very hard fighting Theta Chi team. Although the gross score indicates a decisive win for the Phi Delts, the individual matches tell a different story, Bramberry, Phi Delt, defeated Weldy 74-79; Dickinson scored a 70 to Fuller’s 74; and Tully nosed out his opponent, Dearin, by a 70-73 score. By virtue of their victory the Phi Delts, not only will receive a trophy, but will also have three participation points added to their total. Incidentally, the Phi Delts lost the interfraternity participation trophy last year by three points.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
BALLROOM DANCING CLASS FOR HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS AND BOYS Enroll Saturday, Oct. 16th, 6:30 P. M. TUITION 10 LESSONS $6.00 Learn to Dance Correctly P. M. ALLEN, Instructor Call or Phone 2150 Parents Welcome ALLEN’S Sixth and Ferry
132 ' Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
OUR DRY CLEANING METHODS Guarantee you the kind of work and service you have a right to expect. When thinking of laundry or dry cleaning, think of the ‘‘AMERICAN” way. ^ Take your work to our West Side office, 132 Vine St., or call 3085 for pick-up and delivery. AMERICAN LAUNDRY 132 Vine St., W. Lafayette 641 Main St., Lafayette
Burnham Leads Reserves After Revenge For Previous Defeat By Powerful Irish Purdue’s junior Boilermakers are journeying to South Bend in an attempt to avenge the 13-8 defeat at the hands of the Irish two weeks. The game is scheduled for 2 p. m. today at South Bend. The Irish “B” team displayed plenty of power when it visited Lafayette two weeks ago and staved off o last minute rally by the Purdue team to get the
victory.
Burnham In Charge Elmer burnham, Purdue freshman coach, will be in charge of the Boilermaker reserves for the game. He believes the Purdue outfit stands a good chance of stopping the Irish. The Puiglue starting backfield will consist of Fred Montague at quarterback, James Welsch and Rex Herbert at the halfback positions, and Paul Liebrecht at fullback. Purdue Scored Once In their first game with the Notre Dame team this season, a pass from Herbert to Floyd Lee accounted for ‘^he only Purdue touchdown. While the Boilermaker reserves are meeting the Irish “B” team, the Notre Dame varsity will be clashing with the Skibos from Carnegie Tech, who faced the Purdue varsity last week and succumbed 7 to 0.
Former University Grid Star Fatally Injured In West Frankfort Coal Slide Maurice “Dode” Gladders, University ’28 and former Boilermaker grid hero, was killed in an accident at West Frankfort, HI., last week. Gladders, an employee of the Old Ben Coal corporation, was directing a group of men when coal falling from a ledge crushed his body, causing fatal injuries. He died the next morning. ' Gladders wui oe remembered as a varsity fullback on the 1925,1926, and 1927 teams. Under the tutelage of Coach James Phelan, marked football history with Mel Taube and other illustrious Gold and Black gridiron warriors as a sturdy line plunger. Gladders was a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity.
ALL-CAMPUS GOLF The following men must qualify (18 holes) today for the All-Campus Golf Tournament: Lefforge, L. G.; Good, E. A.; Burkholder, R.; Maynard, R.; McCullough, W.; Puryear, F. M.; Gunn, R.; Alston, J.; Evers, A. E.; Buterl, E. E.; McDonel, P.; McKenzie, P. I.; Kolb, R. M.; Wilkins, D. E.; Goldstein, H.; Haller, J. T.; Terhune, C.; Parken, T.; Woronka, J.; Marshall, T. O.; Hoffer, R.; Richardson, F. C.; Rowan, L.; and Bearse, L. R.
Postpone Illinois Cross Country For Two Weeks Indiana Here Next Saturday After having inaugurated their new cross country course by their first home meet last week, the Boilermakers will be host to their opposition when they meet Indiana on October 23. Another meet was previously scheduled for today with Illinois, but for reasons not disclosed the meet will not be held until Octo-
ber 30.
By the postponement of this meet the Boilermakers were given a long time in which to prepare for the oncoming Indiana meet. The Hoosiers will prove plenty of opposition with their usual fleet-footed
squad.
Wabash was the last victim of the Boilermakers, and they fell under the spell of a 40 to 15 drive. In the first meet of the season the Phillips coached men were defeated by the Panthers of Pittsburgh 34 to 21, but Art Bodeau, veteran Gold and Black trackman, led the field home as he also did in the Wabash meet. Sig Chi's Win Protest Of Softball Game With Delta Chi's; Play Again Monday As a result of a protest instigated by the Sigma Chi fraternity, the softball game between the Delta Chis and Sigma Chis played last Thursday will not be counted and will be played over Monday night to. decide who shall remain in the interfraternity softball finals. The game originally won by Delta Chi was protested by the Sigma Chis on alleged infractions of the rules governing groimd balls. The Sigma Chis won the protest on the following three points. First a ball hit a Sigma Chi batter lit foul to bounce back and hit the runner, and he was called out by the umpire; second, the third base line was so crowded with Delta Chis and various other people that the Sigma Chi third baseman was unable to make a catch on a fly ball in his territory; third, a throw to the Delta Chi third baseman hit the Sigma Chi baserunner going from second to third and he was called out by the umpire.
Positions for Freshmen You are here for kn education. That alone shows you ore aggressive and trying 'To get ahead." The EXPONENT needs aggressive and ambitious men and women on its advertising staff—eds and co-eds that ore willing to work. You need neither artistic nor sales abihty. The EXPONENT wilL however* help you develop both. Add to this a practical business training, and you hove some of the more important direct results obtainable for you hi what is a further education during your university career. Do more with your time at school' you'll find it pays big dividends after graduation. If you ore interested in working, see Hensler at the EXPONENT office, 312 R Fifth Street Lafayette, after 3;0Q P. M.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday^ October 16. 1937
Fourth Annual Fire School To Convene Here October 27-28
Final ari'angements have been made for the fourth Annual Indiana Fire School to be held here October 27 and 28, it was announced yesterday by Pi of. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineeiing:. Plans foi a full two days of entertainment and instruction are complete, and the session will open on Wednesday, October 27, with registiation in the Electrical Engineering Building Donald Stiver, director. Department of Public Safety of Indiana, vill give the first address to the assembled firemen, speaking on Indiana’s Public Safety Programs. Fire school is under the direction of the engineering extension department of the University with the State Fire Marshal's Department, the Indiana Fire Chiefs’ Association, Indiana Firemens’ Association, the Indiana Inspection Bureau, and the Noithern Indiana Industrial and Volunteer Firemens’ Association cooperating. Speech Confest For Co-eds Begins Oct. 26 The Lodde co-ed public speaking contest, now in its ninth year on the Purdue campu®;, will open October 26 with a preliminary contest, from which 10 girls will be chosen for the finals on October 28. “Campus Politics,” “Purdue’s Sorority Rush,” “Campus Wearing Apparel,” “Importance of Campus Traditions,” “Graduation — Then What?” “What Part Should Activities Play in a Student’s Program?” “Campus Manners,” and “What Relationship Should Exist Between Students and Faculty ?” are the subjects from which the co-eds may choose. Six minutes will be allowed for each talk. Girls desiring to participate may sign up at the debate office in the Memorial Union Building any afternoon before October 25, following which they will be notified of the time and place of the elimination content. The co-ed placing first in the contest will be awarded a plaque, while the organization winning the greatest number of points will be awarded the Lodde Cup for one year. Last year Barbara Gibbs won the contest with a talk on “Campus Manners.” Kappa Kappa Gamma won the organization cup. Over 70 girls entered the contest last year. All co-eds are eligible to participate in the contest excepting those who have been members of the debate team. Four New Chinese Students Register According to a report from Prof. H. M. Baldwin, English adviser for students from other lands, four new Chinese students are now on the campus. Arriving late, due to unsettled^ conditions prevailing in their native land, they are now registered and enrolled in their chosen schools. J. C. Hsing, a government student sent by the Ministry of Railways, is studying mechanical engineering in the graduate school. S. -J. Wang, also a graduate student, is studying electrical engineering. P. C. Liang, is a junior in the school of mechanical engineering. I. T. Yen, whose father was the first Chinese student to graduate from the University, is studying civil engineering in the graduate school. Accept New Positions Two Entomology Graduates John M. Amos, Ag. ’32, and D W. LaHue, Ag. ’35, who specialized in entomology, have accepted new positions recently. Amos, who received his master’s degree here in '33, started work yesterday as research entomologist for the Dela ware Agricultural Experiment Stations. ^ LaHue^ll work for the U. S. Bureau of Entomology in the cereal and forage insect laboratory located in the post office building in Lafayette. For the past two years LaHue has been employed as an assistant in the University biology department.
Versatile Prof. Functions Twice By Ken Houston ^ Modern inventions are enabling University professors to become more and more competent. At least one would get this impression from hearing the case of Max D. Steer, of the University speech department and head of the speech clinic here. It seems Steer was scheduled to broadcast over WBAA, the “voice of Purdue,” at 1:15; on the same day Steer had a one o’clock speech class. Unable to be in both places at the same time, he resolved to esort to the same thing which had caused the trouble—radio. Steer rushed home, picked ui) his portable radio, and returned to his classroom in University Hall just in time to set up the radio and to greet the class with his customary smile. He then proceeded to lecture on the previously assigned topic for the day, every day speech problems. At a few minutes before 1:15, Instructor Steer politely bid his class goodbye, turned the radio on, and hurried down to the newly-built speech clinic in the basement of Univesity Hall. In a few minutes Instructor Steer became Radio Speaker Steei-. The class, instead of being dismissed, continued to receive the pre viously-begun lecture on every day speech problems via radio. Soon the radio lecture was ended, and the voice of an announcer informed the audience that this program had been a presentation of the “voice of Purdue,” WBAA. Ere the sound of the identification chimes had died. Max Steer reap peared in the classroom to continue
the lecture.
Graves' Duet Will Feature Modern, Classical Music An interesting combination of modern and classical numbers will be the theme of the Graves’ duo piano concert to be presented tomorrow in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. Mozart’s Sonata, written when he was 18 years old, will be one of the classical selections, while a composition for two pianos by Grieg, a modern Norwegian, will compose the contemporary faction. As a finale, the couple will give their interpretation of a composition by Rheinberger, organist, that gives the impression of organ tones. Dr. and Mrs. Graves have entertained many times in the music room and also at the University Club. A complete program of the recital will be included in Sunday’s
Exponent.
J. L. Born Will Teach Union Bridge Class Preliminary discussion of plans for Student Union bridge classes was led by Union vice-president G. W. Matthews at a meeting Thursday afternoon. J. L. Born, professional Lafayette bridge teacher, was decided on as instructor for the class, which will meet every Thursday night. The first meeting is planned for next Thursday at 7:15 p. m. Matthews extends invitation to any interested students to sign up for free lessons at the Union office any afternoon from 4 to 4:30. Civil School Makes Study of Highway 52 Through the efforts of Professor Ben H. Petty of the Civil Engineering school, studies have been made and published concerning the traffic on U. S. highway 52 at both entrances to Lafayette. After a traffic count was made both at the Belt Railroad crossing and at the Lindbergh road intersection every hour of the day, every day of the week, for two weeks, one in 1936 and one in 1937, the following results were tabulated: The total number of vehicles counted for one week in 1935 was 22,420, while in 1937, it totaled 30,964, an increase of 38 per cent. The heaviest traffic was on Sunday, and the lightest tjraffio on Tuesday. Truck traffic showed an increase of 60 per cent. The new by-pass road around Lafayette is designed to take this trucking away from the city.
All America Ratings--(Continued from page 1)
All afternoon he played a smashing game against Michigan’s sturdy line, but he receives a Card of Merit for intercepting a surprise forward pass—an alert performance that led to the only score of the game. PRANK. Yale. Halfback. Allison Danzig, New York Times, says: “Today, Captain Flank had no rival on the field and his individual biilliance on the attack and vigilance on the defense enabled the Bulldog to dominate the game in which Yale showed definite shortcomings ’’ Frank definitely rates All America ANTLEY. Auburn. Center. A veteran coach recommends Antley as one of the best centers he has seen in recent years. He was the mam cog in a line that held Villanova at crucial stages and leached his climaicjria furious fourth quarter by interBe^ingT'aitd^.ymning back--20 yards, a pass that seemed poiTfte?h^j:.i>a Villanova touch-
down
1 (Copylight 1937) Professor Reed To Speak At Agriculture Staff Luncheon Professor H. J. Reed, assistant director of the Agricultural Experiment Station and in charge of the University’s outlying experimental farms for many years, will speak at the monthly luncheon of the agricultui'al staff October 25. He will discuss the work of these experimental farms which are situated in different parts of the state to represent the different soil types.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
WOOD FOR SALE—Furnace and fireplace. Call Ed Morgan. Phone 71249.
FOR RENT—Well furnished single room. Block and a half from campus. Inquire 330 W. Lutz street. Phone 2430.
LOST—Wallet containing passport of A. J. Helmle. Reward. Call 31912.
WANTED—Student to share spacious double room. Purdue Housing Campus. Phone 41284.
Dean Potter Will Attend Two Conferences In East v Dr. A. A. Potter, dean of the schools of engineering, will leave Lafayette Tuesday for Washington, D. C., where he will attend a meeting of the executive board of the American Engineering Council, to be held there October 20 and 21. This is Dean Potter’s second year as president of the organization, composed of 250,000 engineers over the entire world. Following this meeting, he will attend his fifth meeting of the board making the award of the John Fritz medal, given annually to an outstanding engineer.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
M. T. 4 Condition Exam: An examination for removal of C grade in M. T. 4 will be held in room 201, Armory, at 4 p. m., November 1. Students desiring to take this exam should report to me at the Armory office before noon, October 29. —HAYFORD.
M. T. 2 Condition Exam: An examination for the removal of C grade in M. T. 2 will be held in room 103, Armory, at 4 p. m.,
November 9. Students desiring to take this examination should report to me at the Armory office before noon, November & —HAYFORD.
M. E. 62 Condition Exam: An examination for removing conditions in M. E. 62 will be given on December 14 at 4 p. m. in room 207. Students planning to take this exam please see me. —BINDER.
Camera Club: No new members will be admitted until new dark room, is available —SHOEMAKER.
Gold Diggers’ Comps: Light, Eastburn, Wood, Grossman, Turner, McLeod, Justin, Pyke, Stewart get comps fof the Gold Diggers’ Ball at Union desk. —SEXTON.
Womens Bowling: Sign up Tor tournament in the Union office before October 19. —CROSSMAN.
Fraternity Bowling: October 16 is the deadline to enter teams in the fraternity bowling tournament. —MILLHOLLAND.
WAA: Cabin leadership course to be given October 16 from 2 ;80 to 5 p. m. The group will leave from the Gym at 2 o’clock and pass the Women’s Residence Hall at 2:10. All co-eds Interested in going sign up in Womens Gym by October 16. Freshmen especially are urged to attend. —SWICK.
WAA Hike: Hike to Happy Hollow, October 16. Group will leave Womens’ Gym at 2 o’clock. Bring 10 cents for eats. —CAMPBELL.
Pi Tau Sigma; Meeting October 19 at 7 p. m in room F of the Union Building. —COX
Union Sophomores: Our committee report to office October 18, at 4 p. m. Important —JACOBSOS, TURNER.
•Fencing: Varsity fencing will stait on October 18. Meeting in fencing room fourth floor of Recitation Building at 4 p. m. All sophomores, juniors, and seniors with experience will leport at this time. There
will be a freshihan call later.
-LACEY.
Riding Club: Members may ride individually at specified hours by signing in office. —HARPER.
Union Sophomores: Members of our committees meet in the workshop at 4 p. m. October 18, to start work on Military Bali. —HARPER, SAMUBLSON.
Lafayette Hockey Club: Practice will be held the morning of October 17 at 11:00. —BRADY
WAA Hockey; Open practice the morning of October 17 at 11 a m. —BRADY.
WAA Riflery: Practice October 18: 6:16 p. m. Ward 4 ; 7 :00 p m. Ward 1- 7 :46 p m. WRH North —CHRISTENSON
Debate Managers: Meeting in Union debate office 4 p. m. October 18. —PERRY.
Union Sophomores: My committee report to the music room October 17 at 3:46 p. m. —CABONARGI.
Co-eds: Tickets for vocational guidance banquet on sale at Union desk. —LEAMlNG.
YWCA Literature Group: Meet in YW(jA office October 19 at 4 p m. —LEAMING. WAA: Transfer students may have WAA points transferred See Mary Ellen Delaplane. —DELAPLANE. WAA Hockey: Regular class practices everyday until October 23, when class teams will be announced. Each girl must have eight practices —DOBSON. Union Sophomores: Will the following members of my committee report to the music room October 17 at 3:46 p. m. Mary McClelland, Ruth Hall, Georgiana Baker, Joanne Edson, Mary Jane Laramore, Mary Frances Oliver, Marj'orie Schurman, Margaret Mitchell, Joan Lafferty, Willie Gross, Betty Granger, and Vivian Phelps. —WOOD.
Crown cleaning gives valiabfe proledion to stidents! PROTECTS their garments against wear, from the grit and grime in the fabric — PROTECTS their personal appearance against criticizing remarks. Use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly
riNE CLEANERS OE FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry C3t Moderate Prices
PURDUE BAND AND PUBLIC SPECIAL TRAIN
TO
CHICAGO AND RETURN ACCOUNT FOOTBALL GAME PURDUE vs. NORTHWESTERN SATURDAY, OCTOBER 16
SCHEDULE—GOING Leave Lafayette 7 Arrive Hammond 9 Arrive Chicago 10
00 A. M. 05 A. M. 00 A. M.
Tickers also good on train No. 4 leaving Lafayette 4:00 A. M. Saturday SCHEDULE—RETURNING Leave Chicago 11:59 P. M. Leave Hammond 12:40 A. M. Arrive Lafayette 3.00 A. M. Tickets also good on all trains up to and including No. 3 leaving Chicago 9:20 P. M. Sunday
$0.60
3
ROUND TRIP
FOLLOW YOUR TEAM TRAVEL BY TRAIN IN SAFETY AND COMFORT For further information call L. D. WOOD, Ticket Agent Phone 6701
Purdue E xponent
Service Directory
— Bookstores — SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DK. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 — Photography
Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop