©he Pursue TSxpanent
U rTl r * J >
Published Daily by Students of Purdue tMversity
S il )% ■f H
VOLUME XLVni
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1936
NUMBER 66
Rassle Ducats Are Available
This Morning
Available At Decker’s, Union, Dear’s, Southworth’s
Beards At Premium
SDX Actives, Pledges Also Selling Tickets Tickets for the Riveters’ Rassle, which is reputedly going “highbrow” this year, are on sale today at the Union desk,. Deac’s, Southworth’s, and Decker’s, and may also be obtained from active members and pledges of Sigma Delta Chi. Priced at $2, these tickets will be sold in a limited number only in order to provide ample room for dancing. Prizes Worthwhile prizes are going to be given to students exhibiting the longest beards, blackest, most novel, neatest, and most like peach fuzz, C. M. Hardin announced last night, with emphasis on the “worthwhile.” He added that with Roy Dieterich ruled out of contesting for the prizes other men would be encouraged to foster a hirsute growth. Beards—No Demerits Students taking military training will not be given demerits for failing to shave if they buy a ticket to the Rassle, to be given December 11, and show the cardboard to their instructors.
All Aboard For Service And Stores
Transportation Furnished B y Ten-Inch Cylinder
Co-ed Takes Premier Trip
By Sally McKee
All aboard for the Service and Stores Building! Twenty-two fast and whizzing seconds! We have arrived at the S. & S. Building office of H. B. Abbett, purchasing agent, in the vast although yet uncompleted new Administration Building. The 22 second system is a pneumatic tube contrivance. The bul-let-like conveyor, that shoots through the tube, winding its own way through the tunnel between the Service and Stores and the Student Service and Administration Buildings is about 10 inches long and about three inches in diameter. There must be two tubes; one comes; the other goes. What is the magic impulse behind the bullet? Rather it is in front of the 10-inch cylinder, for it IS our old friend the vacuum.
Clinton For
Mixer Tonight
Brings Four Soloists For First Engagement
Pat Clinton and his 13-piece band will play for a Union mixer for the first time tonight. Although it is a Purdue aggregation, most of its engagements have been played on other campuses. One feature of the band is the four-way brass section—^two trombones and two trumpets. The four vocalists with the organization are Katie Carton, Bob Egnor, Jack Poe and A. Tucker. Chick Jackson on the clarinet and Pat Clinton on the trumpet will be the outstanding swingsters. Several new novelty numbers are on the program.
WAA Mass Meeting Convenes Tuesday
To Discuss Winter Sports, Indoor Games A mass meeting of the W. A. A. members will be held Tuesday at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gymnasium. President Betty Arnold announced that the purpose of the meeting is to introduce winter sports and the chairman of each sport. The arts of deck tennis, pingpong, and shuffle-board will be demonstrated.
Gridmen Wrestle
To Keep Condition
Varley Instructs Group; Graves, Juska Look Good With the finish of the football season, several of the gridmen have taken up wrestling as a means of keeping in condition through the winter. The large number of football men attending the wrestling instruction conducted by J. W. Varley in the gym, attests this fact. Although most of the football men take up wrestling merely to keep in trim, there are several good matmen among the gridders. Lee Graves and Tony Juska have had considerable experience on the mat. Among the freshmen, too there Is evidence of good material. Ted Hennis, a football player from Chicago, is one of the outstanding frosh matmen.
U nsettled—Colder
By Tempy The Ejcj^nent Weather Mouse
Job Programs Start Thurs.
W. S. Allen Wfll Con duct First Employment Interviews
W. R. Allen, nationally known figure in the personnel field and now in charge of that work for L. S. Ayres, Indianapolis, will conduct the first of a series of demonstrations for prospective job-seekers next Thursday at 4 o’clock in the auditorium of the Education Build-
ing.
The demonstrations which are primarily for the benefit of seniors and juniors, but open to all University students, will take the form of model interviews in which Allen will play the part of the employer, and the students will apply for positions. After the meeting an opportunity will be given to those interviewed to find out how they were sized up and m what way their methods of approach were unsatisfactory. On December 10, three interviewers from the General Electric Company, all of whom are Purdue graduates, will conduct a demonstration of the same kind. Faculty members will be called in to discuss the results of the students’ efforts. The thr^e men who 'will have charge of the second lecture are C. C. Adams, assistant district manager, Central Station department, Chicago; N. Q. Allen, sales department, Columbus, Ohio; N. Y. Turney, manager of the Grand Rapids, Mich., division.
Amos And Andy^ Land Plane Here
“Amos and Andy,” famous blackface comedians of the radio, returned to Chicago Thursday afternoon after landing their Stinson cabin plane at the University airport. Charles Correll (“Amps”) also landed here on November 21.
PIA Dance Glass
Gets First Lesson
Approximately 90 members of the Purdue Independent Association took their first dancing lesson under the guidance of Mrs. L. Duncan in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building last night. The classes, which are being conducted under P. I. A. sponsorship, are divided into two groups for the convenience of the members. One meets on Friday, while the other, originally scheduled for Tuesday, has been shifted to Monday.
Dr. Jean Picard, stratosphere balloonist and professor of aeronautical engineering at the University of Minnesota, recently put the finishing touches on his “tornado machine,” which manufactures smallsize tornadoes for laboratory study.
Professor E. C. Van Dyke, professor of entomology at the University of California, says that, contrary to popular opinion, squirrels and mice are not enemies of mankind. Actually they plaf an important part in preventing insects from destroying our forests.
ASMEToMeet In Anderson
William Hanley To Talk On European Social Status
Gather Thursday
Engineers Will Assemble With Anderson Alumni
Tuberculosis Association To Go On Air
Christmas Seal Drive Will Begin Tuesday Over WBAA
To Last Seven Days
Broadcasts To Feature Studio Play And Speeches
Next Tuesday, over radio station WBAA, the Tippecanoe County Tuberculosis Association will inaugurate a series of broadcasts on “Tuberculosis” in the interest of the sale of Christmas seals.
PIA Will Present Cafeteria Show
Arthur Radkey To Direct “Jack Benny” Program By H. R. Sennstrom
Jello, folks! Next Sunday evening, or to be exact, tomorrow evening, at 6:30 (Bullova Watch time) in the Union cafeteria, you may see and hear the most sensational presentation on the air—^the P. I. A. Cafeteria Show.
The complete series of seven programs is as follows: Tuesday after-
noon at 2:06, “The Gagen Family,”
The Indianapolis section of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers will hold a central Indiana round-up dinner meeting Thursday at 6:30 p. m. in the Anderson Hotel, at Anderson. The engineers’ session, which will be attended by industrial engineers from Indianapolis, Marion, Anderson, Muncie, Kokomo, Richmond, Terre Haute, and Newcastle, will combine with the Purdue alumni of Anderson.
William A. Hanley, vice president and chief engineer of Eli Lilly & Company of Indianapolis, and a 1911 graduate of Purdue, will be the speaker, presenting observations on the social and economic problems he made last summer during a three months’ tour of Europe with his family. Hockema To Preside Prof. Prank C. Hockema, assistant to Piesident E. C. Elliott, and chairman of the Indianapolis ^ section of the A. S. M. E., will preside and speak briefly on the organization and its work. Another guest who will attend and speak briefly will be Prof. G. A. Young, head of the school of mechanical engineering at Purdue.
Heywood-Mclntyre
Wilfred P. Hazen, DePauw University freshman, is mighty disappointed at the outcome of the presidential election. If the land had slid the other way, Hazen could have taken advantage of the conditional invitation Mr. Landon had given him and visited the Governor at the White House.
An announcement has been made of the marriage of Miss Ruth HeywOod to Ralph McIntyre, both former students of Purdue University. The ceremony took place October 26, at the home of the bride’s parents. Mr. and Mrs. McIntyre, immediately after their marriage, left for Lafayette where they now live.
Coleman Will Address Nation’s County Agents
T. A. Coleman, assistant director of agricultural extension at the University, will be in Chicago Wednesday to speak before the annual meeting of the National Associahas been in charge of county agent tion of County Agents. Coleman work in Indiana since its inception.
a studio play, and a talk by Dr. Ann Lutz, president of the Tippecanoe County Tuberculosis Association; Wednesday at 2:06 p. m., second act of the “The Gagen Family,” and talk by Prof. W. M. Hepburn, librarian; Thursday, 1 p. m., talk by Dr. S. J. Miller, director, student health service; at 2:06, third act of “The Gagen Family,” and another talk by Dr. Miller. Graham To Speak Friday, at 2:06, fourth act of “The Gagen Family” and a talk by Dr. W. D. Graham, pastor of the Central Presb3fl;erian Church; Saturday, at 2:06, talk by Dr. J. W. Strayer, superintendent of William Ross Sanatorium: and Monday, December 7, at 2:06, talk by Prof. O. F. Hall, head of the department of education.
Zouaves Add
24 Members
The Purdue Order of Zouaves announces the pledging of the following men: C. E. Bassett, E. W. Bondy, R. J. Clinton, F. L. Coers, I. Dagan, A. H. Exton, P. M. Graff, J. D. Hoffman, F. H.. Hurst, R. A. Johnson, R, C. Kany, R. S. Kelley, H. Knight, W. V. Leamon, H. McLaughlin, D. G. Malcom, C. F. Mengerink, C. R. Pandel, A. P. Pflug, W. E. Roby, R. H. Schlimmer, R. J. Scymanski, M. E. Wickersham, R. L. Zweig.
Phi Kappa Tau
Phi Kappa Tau announces the pledging of Captain E. V. Holmes, Captain S. A. Beckley, and C.^^. Millice.
Virginia C. Meredith Remains Seriously HI
Mrs. Virginia C. Meredith was reported still seriously ill yesterday afternoon. Mrs. Meredith is the only woman member of the board of trustees. Dean Mary Mathews, of the home economics department, has been at her bedside constantly since she became ill.
1200 Stand In Line For Union Show
Necks Are Stretched As Strip Dancer Invades Ballroom
S.R.O. Signs Of No AvaU
By J. A. Chapin.
Within 10 minutes after the doors
were thrown open approximately 1,200 people had crowded into the Memorial Union ballroom to view
the “Black And Tan Fantasy” produced Thursday night by the Student Union.
They sat for a quarter of an hour while dim shapes bustled behind the drops. Then the lights were dimmed, the curtain rose, and 1,200 necks stretched forward!. Never were there so many awkward hats for an audience to peer over and around, but the show, coached by Ward Stallinjgs and Jeanne Perkins, kept the jovial crowd on its toes. Dancing, Singing The choruses danced and sang, the soloists warbled, and even the temporary slumbers on the part of
the electrician, which left the amplifying system mute for some moments, could not dampen the en-
The Student Union wishes to thank Johnny Ammerman and his band for playing for the “Black And Tan Fantasy” Thursday, Eddie Gross, ’39, for managing the singing, and Russell Mock, ’40, for service as special pianist.
From Abyssinia to Afghanistan, from Zambesi to Zanzibar, Arthur A. Radkey, distinguished director of this remarkable performance, searched for the cast. Through his efforts you will see, in person, that famous star of radio, stage, and screen. Jack Benny Quinlan. The Five Star cast assisting Quinlan includes those well-known personalities, Mary Livingston Wien, Kenny Baker White, the P. I. A. Rhythmasters, and the Tundtwisters. Come one, come all, to this superlative production, the P. I. A. Union Cafteria Show. And the cost, folks, is absolutely nothing.
Appoint Five On Calendar
Alterations
Two Professors^ Alnmnos, Two Students Named
To Act On HoKdays
Greiner, Stone, Hunt, Mar-
tin, Baugh Chosen
A joint committee of five persons has been appointed by the executive committee of the University'^faculty to recommend changes in the University calendar.
Debate Squad Chicago Bound
Team Faces Loyola And Chicago On Electrical Utilities Question
Eight members of the University debate squad left this morning by automobile for Chicago where they will engage in a triangular meet with Loyola of Chicago and the University of Chicago. The team, composed of Petticrew and Royster, seniors; Sasser, Buckles, Magnussen, Harvey, and Miller, sophomores, will engage in two negative and one affirmative debates. The squad will be accompanied by L. S. Winch and Robert Horn, of the speech department. The question involved is, “Resolved: That All Electrical Utilities Should Be Governmentally Owned.” The debates will be held at the University of Chicago. Both debates will be in the Congressional style, by which is meant the speaker is liable to interruption by members of the opposing team at any time.
thusiasm of the show’s reception. That little slip was forgotten when Virginia Baxter began tossing her cloaks of many colors to the winds in a mock strip-dance, for the audience provided the noise. When the fine mixed chorus had returned for their encore of “Pennies Prom Heaven,” the entire company came forth for the grand finale.
Livestock Judges In Contest Today
Try For College Honors At International Exposition Members of the University livestock judging team and their coach. Prof. W. W. Smith, of the animal husbandry department, left Thursday afternoon for the International Exposition in Chicago, where they will participate in the Intercollegiate Livestock Judging contest today. Those making the trip as members of the team are: J. A. Hoefer, Lafayette; C. S. Dixon, Lafayette; J. M. Bowmar, Haskell; H. D. Elijah, Morocco; and W. M. Clary, Lucerne. All of these men are majoring in animal husbandry.
Nators Plan
The committee, composed of Professors Stone and Greiner, representing the faculty; W. T. Hunt, editor-in-chief of the Exponent; G. W. Martin, president of the Student Senate, representing the student body; and E. B. Baugh, representing the faculty, will consider the student proposal for a change in the Thanksgiving holidays. Modification Modification of the annual commencement exercise to allow the baccalaureate seiwice to be nearer to May 6, and also the changing of the date of the actual commencement exercises also will be considered by the committee, according to President Edward C. Elliott.
Union Music Room Will Present Sing Records Tomorrow
Recordings made during the past week by winners of the All-Univer-sity Sing of last spring will be played tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. Delta Upsilon and Alpha Chi Omega, first place winners. Phi Gamma Delta, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Sigma Chi, and Kappa Alpha Theta successfully completed the series of recordings Tuesday. This is the first time that a program on this order has been attempted. If sufficient student interest develops similar recordings wiU be made of all other social organizations on the campus.
Walkey Rests WeU
Fritzi Walkey, member of Kappa Alpha Theta sorority, and popular vocalist with Johnny Ammerman’s orchestra, was resting well after an appendicitis operation, according to information received late yesterday afternoon from the Home Hospital.
Dr. Maurice Ewing, assiRtant professor of physics at Lehigh University, is in charge of the under-the-ocean survey to determine the force of gravity in the West Indies area. The expedition is being conducted by the United States Hydrographic Office, the American Philosophical Society, and the American Geophysical Union.
Tau Kappa Epsilon l^u Kappa Epsilon announces the pledging of A. C. Sehutz, Tentopolin, Illinois.
Florida Trip Tredwell, Craig Show Up Well In Diving
Prof. L. W. LaBree, coach of the Purdue swimming team, is planning to take his squad to Florida for a XO-day clinic held by the National Swimming Coaches’ Association during the Christmas vacation. Lead by Captain Vernor the team is expected to provide many thrilling exhibitions during the coming season. Tredwell and Craig are expected to hold up the diving honors while Armstrong, Closson, Gillis, and Whitcomb have all turned in good times for the distance swims.
Vandelester and Carr make up the breast stroke division of the squad so far, and with the foot ball season closed, Coach LaBree expects Spehn to help them along.
Factories in the United States turned out three-quarters of a million bicycles last year.
CAN you
IMAGINEv-“u v;
t ^ *
Htterw>
THE PURBUE EXPONENT
'SftturdAy« NoVfitnibey 28> 1.936
Hell Week Under Fire Hell week will be the subject of a fire of criticism today and tomorrow as representatives from social fraternities of the colleges and universities over the nation assemble in New York City for the annual National Interfratemity conference. Elimination of hell week has been an aim of this conference for several years, and feeling against this period of physical punishment has become increasingly strong each year, according to records of the meeting published annually in a yearbook. Even before 1933 the fraternity delegates had passed measures for abolishing hell week, but the chapters had not complied with this legislation, and at that year’s conference, as several college administrators were planning to build freshman dormitories in objection to the hazing practices of social fraternities, G. Herbert Smith, director of scholarship at DePauw University, stated: “What is the solution to this problem? In my estimation, it is a matter of entire elimination of physical compulsion in the treatment and training of freshmen, and, until we have arrived at that ideal, we are not going to have conditions as desirable from the intellectual standpoint and the adjustment of freshmen in fraternity houses as we have them outside of the fraternity houses. “A group of college administrators is working toward this end and we solicit your continued support in eliminating physical compulsion in the treatment of college men; because, after all, these men who come to us should be beyond the paddling stage.” In the following year, 1934, the committee on rushing submitted the following statement in its report: “The three main problems which we picked out as affecting the largest number of undergraduates were (1) scholastic requirements for eligibility; (2) a lovely institution through which many of you have passed known as hell week; and (3) rushing, deferred, open, and rules of enforcement.” At that time a number of fraternities had eliminated hell week and others had considerably modified it. Concerning this, the committee said: “The tendency in general it seems at most colleges is to draw away from all this hell week and rigorous initiation and horse play as the fraternities themselves become older. Whether this is because the men in the fraternities themselves are getting a little lazy and fail to inflict supposedly just judgement on the incoming men or whether it is a more mature point of view, we don’t Imow, but we highly favor jt.” Hospital cases from hazing in fraternities continued to be reported, and an excerpt from the 1935 yearbook of the conference reads: “I think we must either discontinue our denunciation of hell week or get some action. I think the time comes occasionally when a real stern enforcement is the only way out.” The representatives at the 1935 meeting imanimously adopted the following resolution, proposed by Albert S. Bard, chairman of the conference relations committee: “RESOLVED: That the National Interfraternity conference approves of the following recommendations of the College Fraternity Secretaries’ association: “(a) That college fraternity secretaries conduct an educational campaign among their active chapters for the elimination of hell week practices. ^ “(b) That fraternity secretaries of those fraternities which do not have national legislation against hell week use their influence to have their conventions or executive bodies adopt laws or regulations condemning rough house initiations in any form.” So, judging from the sharply deflned trend of the past few years, withering blasts of censure will be directed at the physical punishment inflicted by social fraternities upon their pledges in the sessions of the New York conference.—^R. P. M.
Senior Cords
Seniors in the school of agriculture very emphatically, emphasized early this week that, as far as they were concerned, campus traditions, and one in particular, are not to be forgotten. After the “pants removal” last Monday, surely no underclassman can plead ignorance, if caught wearing cords. The senior cord tradition is one that is distinctive at Purdue. The custom was originated here in the fall of 1904 when two seniors conceived the idea that a certain piece of corduroy cloth, which they happened to see, would make very attractive trousers. Consequently they had their cords, the first on record, made, and soon they were the envy of almost every senior on the campus. Cords became very popular that year, and the next year the new senior class adopted the garb as an exclusive senior privilege. Thus we have the custom today. Through the years the custom has become more and more a part of the University. Though many other colleges have copied Purdue’s yellow cords, cords continue to stand distinctive and original in this institution. It is little wonder that the senior is up in arms, impatient for action, when some underclassmen is seen in the traditional garb of his class. It’s this spirit which gave the necessary punch to put across the recent “no smoking” drive and it is such enthusiasm and pride that will aid materially in upholding the prestige of our school and in perpetuating the traditions which serve to make an institution such as ours known the country over. —L. S. H.
MAIN OFFICB-812 North Fifth Street Bnsiness Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
ll4Uin.<n.CM«<r, ,
EDITORIAL STAFF W. T. Hunt
Uanaaine Editor
AiMCiate Editors
. K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manton, G. L. Sadler
Snoarta Editor .. ..
SPORTS BTAFB L. D. Wood
AmoeMm S^rta Editors.... W. H. Fifiield, S. B. Griffiths, R. F. Obenobaln
‘KMtMir ^
WOMEN’S STAFF
Aasoeiats IMHks
—-J^eanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Pyke
Editor—^W. M. Anthony
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Ltchty
Brushing Up Know your school’s history. Don’t be satisfied with a meager knoweldge consisting of a few dates, a major event or two, and the height of the present enrollment. Loyalty and devotion to any institution comes best from an intimate knowledge of it’s customs, traditions, and associates. When you go home for the Christmas recess you will inevitably be asked many things about your school. References to Boilermaker history and traditions will test your command of the subject, and if you are at a loss to carry your end of the conversation, Purdue will suffer as well as yourself. Later on, when you are being interviewed for a job, questions on your school’s history, or queries about its famous alumni may be asked. The personnel men in modern industry realize that the man who knows, and is vitally interested in, his surroundings will be valuable to his employer. By far the most important reason for knowing your school is the senses of satisfaction which this familiarity will bring, now and during the days when you are far from the campus. There are many ways to further your acquaintance with the University. A few courses are now being gi’O'en of the type which should be encouraged^ namely, those which present an interesting and valuable survey of the history of Purdue. The most reliable source, however, is the library cardcatalog. Years ago when the enrollment was less, the students of the University wef-e in closer contact with each other, and a spirit of unity was much easier to achieve. However, the members of the presenf student body can Be brought closer together if they have an inspiring common interest in their school, and that interest will grow speedily as their knowledge of what a Boilermaker is, what he stands for, and what he accomplishes, increases.—J. A. C.
Sigma Nu, C. “BRECKENEIDGE” BREWER, whom Papa is the Military IKg Shot opeitly lowered! his position in life Thanksgiving night—he is now a full-fledged dish-washer—^well at any rate he washed the Theta's dishes upon that night—VIVIAN PHEELPS and JEAN WHITNEY stood by and watched in awe—^it’s funnj!^ how the charms of a certain vermin will make a man do anything . . . While spewing of VIV PHELPS —she’s not doing bad by herself as far as the Theta kitchen force is concerned—she has had a date with every member of said force except one—she doesn’t dare cut in on this certain individual for, as a pledge, she would PEEL the wrath of a certain active named JO HALL— not that she wouldn’t take a date with ROY DIETRICH if she got half a chance—^by the way, VIV, how does BOB REIPERS stand?? The following names were found on freshman chemistry examination papers in answer to the question, “Who discovered the spectroscope?” Cavendish Kraunoff Rayleigh Raleigh Ramsey Faraday Graham Luscar Hondall Galileo Boyle Fredman LeChatelier Lueouwenhouck Romey Shaw Sir Newton Priestly Franhoffer Ralphael Noble Lavoisier Harvey (Englishman) The spelling is as given by the persons answering the question. Signed F. J. Allen, Prof, of Chemistry ALICE PARLON GETS GATE TIME: Last Saturday night . . . HER DATE: JOHNNY CONWAY . FACTS: CONWAY is a non imbiber? . . . PARLON is doubtful . . . CONWAY desires to go to
KilSiSII
“Gentlemen, are you crazy—^putting this man in here?”
Lamb’s (where could that be??) . PARLON Says no . . . ARGUMENT ... both sore ... CONWAY takes PARLON home at exactly 10 o’clock . . . CONWAY returns to Lamb’s ? ? . . . Ta, Ta . . . NO TRUMP The young man led for a heart. The maid played for a diamond. The old man came through with a club. And the sexton used a spade. Daily O’Collegian The much talked about Delt and Alpha Chi mergers of Miltary Ball week-end have both gone on the rocks—GERRY GRAVE returned her pin to MURPHY and M. M. HUBLER returned hers to PECK; doesn’t look like the Delts can hold their women either . . . MARS PASSES OUT If it isn’t presuming too much upon my imagination—^I believe the
“TKE Poet (?)” wiU be glad to know that this week’s passes are his, if he will show up at the Union desk at noon today to claim them for his pomd . . . ARE WE GOING TO STAND BY AND LET CHARLIE TREES HAVE THE BEST BEARD FOR THE RASSLE” ... I SAY—I DON’T KNOW . . .
Instructions for Piano Popular or Classical FERDINAND FOLTZ 704 N. 6th St. Phone 7887
H. BEHRENS Merchant Tailor Suits Made to Order and All Repairs Over Kienly’s Drug Store Lafayette, Ind.
Last Times Today Big Double Feature CONRAD NAGEL in “Yellow Cargo” Plus Second Feature EDDIE NUGENT in “Kentucky Blue Streak”
Opiaion
llurbue exponent Founded in 1888
t036 Member 1937 Plssockied Gotiedbte Press Distributors of CDl[e6iQteDi6est REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. new York, N Y. CHICAGO > BOSTON • BAN FRANCISCO i.os anseues • Portland . Seattle Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by singrle copy, 2 cents.
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responstbtlity for the opinions voiced in this column Such opinions are solely those of the writer Required Reading In a recent issue of Esquire which I chanced to read last week, I came across an article entitled “So Smells Defeat.” I sincerely urge that everyone read this article. It was supposedly a prediction of what would occur following the next war if the United States was among the losers. It did not make any attempt to spare the readers’ feelings, but went into the ghastly situation without reservation. While there was undoubtedly some exaggeration (at least I hope there was) the article was generally probable. If there should be another war, and if we should enter that war and come out on the under side, the situation would not be much different than as there pictured. Financial, mental, and moral chaos would most certainly result. Until you read the last sentence, you were of the opinion that the article is entirely too fantastic. But that last sentence declares that the conditions prophesied were exactly those in Germany from 1914 to 1934. This article should at all costs be required reading.
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Govemment. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
Sunday - Monday Tuesday - Wednesday STARTING Mid-Niite
Tonite 11:30 p. m.
With Sally Eilera Robart Arnutrong Frances Sage Vinton Haworth Directed hyheto Lath den. Also, producer. Cliff Reid RKO RADIO Picture
A GREAT BOOK!
AN OUTSTANDING PLAYf
A SUPERB PICTURE!
. WitkXim SlwOStAftt K*W r x"* < V. giim- tbft wwid •' ed. to tho ^ s'i:
TWi BOMOid-'rO SINCLAifet.i'Wr#
Starb TOMORROW
LUMA
— Final Today — EDMUND LOWE
in
“MAD HOUDAY” — and — JAMES DUNN
in
“COMB CLOSER, FOLKS"h
W ^ V *" ' l^jOl^^ber 28, mil
4 1%'»-» ’Va
> H I ^ ^ ^ r '"ts" c- ® (M >}
■**■ !S
THfe PWK*t)E, EXPONMnT
WARD BASREtBALL
-MONDAT-
Court 1—Official, ChapmsA. 7:00—Ward 1 vs. Ward 2 7:16—Ward 4 vs. Ward 6. 8:2^Ward 17 VB. Ward M* Court 2—Official, Turner, 7:00—Ward 7 vs. Ward 7-*. 7:16—Ward 8 vs. Ward 10, 8:25—Ward 9 vs. Ward 11. Court 8—Official, Peck. 7:00—Ward 12 vs. Ward 16. 7:16—Ward 16 vs. Ward 12-x 8:26—Ward 17-x vs. Ward 14.
liiBiHBMtteiaaste
ielder’s,,,. ....choice a.By Bob Walpole —
True Christmas Cheer . . . Help to Make Others Healthy
The Notional, State and Local Tuberculosis Associations of the United States
SUNDAY - MONDAY The Texes Rengess ride and light and leva again!
LAST TIMES TODAY JOHN HOWARD “EASY TO TAKE’ — and — BOB ALLEN
JII “RANGER COURAGE”
And so the Chicago Daily Maroon suggests that Chicago University withdraw from the Big Ten . . . we didn’t hear any kicks coming from them when the Maroons had their great All-American, Jay Berwanger. . . . —fc—
The Maroons had a bad season.. everyone knows that . . . and it isn’t unlikely that a story from that campns is issued . .. however, Michigan and Iowa aisp had poor football seasons, and we don’t hear any kicks coming from them . . . —fc—
So says the story, Chicago has the only eleven in the conference without subsidized athletes ... that is a rather broad statement, to say the least ... we think we know a lot of the boys wearing Old Gold and Black colors on the various teams, and we still can’t think of any subsidized athletes at Purdue . . . —fc—
The fellows work, yes . . . why shouldn’t they work? ... it is a means of keeping them in school, but we wonder why Chicago can’t find waiter jobs, porter jobs, etc. for their men ... if it is against their morals, that’s too bad . . . —fc—
Chicago’s suggestion sounds a lot like sour grapes . . « with a school as large as the one on the Midway, and one that is as heavily endowed as it is, it seems that perhaps better foptball teams could and should be produced . . .
The state college at San Jose, Cal., has fixed a new sliding scale for charging admittance of co-eds to college dances, based upon the color of their hair. Red heads cost 35 cents; blondes, 46 cents; and brunettes, 66 cents.
On the skilful check 6f the minutest details hongs life and death ... Protect against Tuberculosis by checking your health.
The Notional, State and Local Tuberculosis Associations of tne United States
£)ouv/v.ey'
Plashing all of his old form again this season, Glen Downey, co-cap-tain of the Boilermaker basketeers, IS expected to turn in a brilliant performance starting with the first game against Western State Teachers at Jefferson Gymnasium, Monday night, December 7.
BASKETBALL
Boilermaker basketball fans will have 20 chances to see the team in action this season. The complete schedule follows:
Dec. Dec. Dec. Dec. Dec. Dec. Dec. Jan. Jan. Jan. Jan. Jan. Feb. Feb. Feb. Feb. Feb. Feb. Feb. Mar.
7— ^Western State at Purdue 12— Bradley Tech at Purdue 16—Butler at Purdue 19— ^Purdue at DePaul 21— U, of Toledo at Purdue 22— Purdue at St. Xavier 28—Montana at Purdue. 4—^Wisconsin at Purdue 9—Michigan at Purdue 11—Purdue at Iowa 16—Purdue at Indiana 18—Illinois at Purdue ' 3—^Purdue at Notre Dame 8— Purdue at Minnesota 13— ^lowa at Purdue 16—Purdue at Illinois 20— Minnesota at Purdue 22—Purdue at Michigan 27—^Ipdiana at Purdue* 1—Purdue at Wisconsin
All America
Rating!
By CHRISTY WALSH
Member All-America Board of Football
TOUCHBALL
MONDAY
Kappa Sigma vs Phi Kappa Sigma. Of-
ficials, Kerber, Gatilke.
Genuine Service Lubricating - Washing
LAFAYETTE MOTORS, INC. West Lafayette Branch 329 Northwestern Ave.
Gulf Gas
Phone 5355
YOUU THANK US
FOR TELLING YOU:
IT’S SWELL!
Take our tip...here's the kind of Crawford-Gable frolic /remember “Forsaking All Others"?) that pays off big in laughs and excitement! It's the year's gayest, grandest hit!
TONE ^^e9««edOWEN
—pitw— Starts PBXB SBOTH TOMORROW SHORT
Hurtcal Comedy
Coaches Howard Jones of Southern California and Glenn S. Warner of Temple, are satisfied that the best players of the season, in their respective territories, have received Cards of Merit. But their confreres on the All-America Board, Elmer Layden and Prank Thomas, register this week with insistent nominations covering Southern and Middle-western players, not previously mentioned. The last delegate has checked in. Nominations have closed. Then ten players listed below, along with 80 others, will be considered for the All-America team at the annual meeting of the Board, December 6.
ni* ' o _ 1 Figgy-Seeks Replacements For Net Squad
Quintet Opposes Western State Teachers De-
LAUTAR. Notre Dame. Guard. The leadership and poise of this splendid lineman explains to a great extent, the astonishing rise of Notre Dame following the wreck at Pittsburgh, in late October. In the Army game, Lantar was a standout. Against "Northwestern he reached a new high. Card of Merit for Lantar.
cember 7 In Jeff Gym Preparing for a rigorous twentygame schedule that opens here on Monday night, December 7, against the well-balanced Western State Teachers’ quintet, of Kalamazoo, Michigan, Coach Ward “Piggy” Lambert, whose Purdue hardwood combinations have won or tied for the Big Ten title for the past three successive years, must locate replacements for three outstanding members of last year’s co-championship crew. Capt. Bob Kessler, All-American forward, who led the Big Ten m scoring last season, and whose brilliant individual performances was responsible for pulling more than one close game out of the fire; Eld Elliott, rangy center, whose defensive play was outstanding; and Austin “Red” Lambert, outstanding back guard, are all among the missing as Lambert takes inventory of his 1936-37 material. Pair of Locals
STEINKEMPER. Notre Dame Tackle. Neck and neck with Lautar for defensive honors, this sturdy tackle helped make the Irish line’s left side, all but impassable— except for the team’s one bad day. Steinkemper is rugged enough and big enough for Notre Dame’s type of schedule.
REID. JNorthwestem. Gnard. Following the Wildcat defeat at South Bend, Coach Elnmer Layden wired a warm endorsement for Reid, whom he rates as one of the two best guards in the Middlewest. “We have not encountered a better gmard than Reid this season”—the Notre Dame coach reports. "And I recommend him for AUAnterica rating.”
WIDSETH. Minnesota. Tackle The only member of last year’s All-America, with chance to repeat—^Widseth receives top rating for sectional honors from Mr. Layden, Mid-west member of the All-Amenca Board. He rates Widseth better than any tackle on Notre Dame’s schedule, ip the west, and remarks “I don’t know of a better lineman in the Big Ten Conference.”
TINSLEY. L. S. U. End. Widely heralded a year ago, this hard-hitting end wins special recognition from Coach Frank Thomas of Alabama for his great work throughout the 1936 season and will undoubtedly close his career high in the list of current stars. Coach Thomas rates Tinsley All-America for his aggressive end play, under ail conditions.
Judging from early drills, a pair of local performers, Jewell Young, who finished sixth in the Big Ten scoring race last jeason, and Johnny Sines, an exceptionally clever ball handler, are apt to be teamed up at the forward posts as the season gets underway. Their most strenuous competition for regular assignments is being furnished by a pair of sophomores. Dale Hutt, of Indianapolis, and Harry Zink, of Monticello.
At center, co-captain Jim Seward, of Indianapolis, and Gene Anderson, of Franklin, one of the most promising of the neW crop, are waging a great battle, while cocaptain Glen Downey, of Michigantown, who alternated at forward and guard last season, is flashing all of his old form.
Malaska Returns Pat Malaska, flashy floor guard, who was burne^d in the shower house fire prior to the opening of
the foeehaB getitott, kt ginniitgrfe Tomid hate Midi is expected te TesBiiie Ut fit at least a Hietiili. Otlier gmatd pe»sibilities inelttde tvra sepitoiiotes, Tom DickhtsoD, odf jLad^etb^ and Carl Swan, of TidMi^ Olda., tba lone non-Hoosier on the sqnad. Building up the defense streng^ of the combination for eaidy gtmeg provides Lambert with immediate problems.
SQUASH PRACTICE
MONDAY 3.00— Alpha Tan Omega. 4:00—Phi Delta 5.00— Phi Gamma Delta. 7.00— Phi Kappa Tan. 8 00—Phi Pi Phi,
BAUGH. Texas Christian. Halfback. This player, a top contender in 1936, has developed into one of the great stars of the present season. Again lafet Saturday, he staged a complete one-man show of kicking, passing and running, seldom equalled His 16 completed passes kept Rice Institute in a dizzy whirl, but his defensive play alone would have earned a Card of Merit.
WHITE. Alabama. Guard. Pleasing the discerning eye of one’s own coach, is the dream-come-tme of the college football player. White has earned the commendation of Coach Thomas of Alabama, who considers his aggressive lineman the peer of any gnard in the Sonth. “Delighted to endorse Card of Merit for Arthnr White” wires Coach Thomas, Southern member of the Board.
CULLINAN. Princeton Center. Bill Corum, New York Journal, reaches over heads of the better advertised centers and bestows expert appraisal on this Pnneeton senior, who winds up his career in a belated burst of class He made half the tackles against Dartmouth and on defensive play, only Corum rates him with Wojciechowicz, the Fordham marvel They do not rate much higher than that I
DANIELL. Pittsburgh. Tackle. In every crucial test this season this fast, hardcharging lineman has qualified for top honors in the final ratings. Harry Keck, Pittsbnrgh Snn-Telegraph insists he belongs in the certified list of 99 names from which the board will pick eleven. Card of Merit to Daniell.
GRAY. Oregon State. Halfback. Staging a one-man field day against the State University, Gray dominated the entire contest His passing defied interception when completion meant scoring. Gray was chiefly responsible for his team’s 18 point total and yet he did not score a point I
(Copyright 1986)
ARC
SUNDAY - MONDAY ANN SHIRLEY “M’LISS” — Plus — ROCHELLE HUDSON HE^^RY FONDA in “Way Down East”
Last 'nmes Today “Cavalcade of the West** ♦‘FLORIDA SPECIAL** “Clutching Hand”
PLUMBING AND HEATING
Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
300 TICKETS $1.00 1,000 for $2 Other Printing Priced Low KANE’S PRINT SHOP 401 S. 29th Phone 5205
FOR YOUR
BUTTER
NEEDS
WE HAVE WHAT YOU WANT
Our Butter is
CHURNED
from Sweet
Cream
DAILY
Sunshine Farms
Phone 5015
POPCORN
We again have that good popcorn yea enjoyed so much last spring. It comes high but we must have it.
Dad^s Place • • • So Handy
THE STUDENT CAFE
RECENTLY REMODELED
diop Sney.
. . . NOW SERVING Chow Mein
Fresh Lobsters. Shrimps and Oysters DeUclons Chinese Dessert WIHi Bveiy Order ts TUke Hams
Also Chinese Tea far Sala
EXPERIENCED CHINESE COOK Delivery Servica ... Opoicd Hants II ;09 A. M.-1S :39 P.M. 341 State St. Phana 88t« West Lafas’ette
If you want the best in Guns and Ammunitions
22 long rifle...... 22 longs —.....
— —22e
SeeuB
22 shorts.
SHEEXS 59eup
SPERB’S • • • • Hswdiware 824 Main
s.
'
} ^ItoFonir
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Satitf^y, November 28,1.936
fs
fOONTAlM IPBNS AND RBPAllUNC! ANY PEN 6 JOBS tN ONE 1. New Sack. 2. StraUthten Point. 3. Adjnst Peed. 4. Special Chemical Bath. 5. Remove Ink Stains. 6. Simoniae Entire Pen. All for Only 50c P. Pd. Jobs returned same day received. We also trade pens and supply new and used parts Hebuilts and leftovers for sale, every make. UNIVERSAL PEN HOSPITAL 203 So. Wabash Chicago
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25e per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at Tth
Phone 6050
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 119'/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
«DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Ctassified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Wanted—Male student room, preferable with light housekeeping facilities; also need garage, must be near Ag. Exp. Station. Possession Friday or Saturday. Reply Box 60 Exponent.
Moore’s Colonial Market—^220 N. Fifth street, have a large display of antique furniture, old china, and glass. Reasonable prices.
For Rent— Two nice warm student rooms, suitable for five boys. 128 Wiggins street.
For Rent—Extra warm front room, downstairs. Two students. Phone 75853. 112 Pierce street.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p.
Alpha Phi Omega Pledges—Get key replicas at Phi Kappa Alpha house as sooii as possible. Cost 25 cents. —SCHMUCK.
Mechanicals—Sign up for A. S. M. E. membership in G. A Young’s office, by December 1, to make Purdue first in student branch roll call to be published in the December “Mechanical Engineering Journal.’’ —WELDY.
P. I. A. Dance Class—^Ali luuependents interested in dance class, please sign up immediately in the P. I. A. office. —BUXTON.
Gimlet Pledges—Please pay for paddles immediately at the Phi Kappa Tau house. —HAMILTON.
Wesley Foundation House—John Jung, Purdue sophomore Chinese student, will speak on Buddhism Everybody is welcome. —McEACHRON.
Mechanicals—Join the A. S. M. E. in G, A. Young’s office before December 1, to put Purdue first in the publication of all members’ names in the December “M. E. Journal.’’ -WELDY.
Ct
tmesi
By Olive Schatzley
Christian Church: Prof. T. A. Coleman will speak to the students’ class at 9:30. Rev. L. Doyle Mullen, new minister, will preach the sermon for the morning church services at 10:30. Noble Hale will conduct the discussion period at 6:30 in the evening. Preceding the discussion the regular social hour will be held at 5:30 and luncheon at 6 o’clock. Evening church services will begin at 7:30, with Reverend Mullen preaching.
Episcopal Students: Tomorrow is Advent Sunday and there will be a corporate communion for students at 8 a. m., the service being followed by breakfast in the parish house. In the evening the Young People’s Fellowship meets at 6 o’clock for supper and at 7 p. m.. Jack Shidler, president of the group will talk on “Photography.”
Presbyterian Students: Dean Enders will be the speaker at the Sunday Evening Club tomorrow evening. He will show moving pictures that he took in Central and South Americas last summer during an extended airplane trip. Supper is served at 6:15; the program starts at 7 p. m. At 9:30 Dr. Graves and Mr. Findley will lead discussion groups in the student rooms of the church. Dr. Graham will speak at morning worship, at 10:45. Special music will be sung by the choir under the direction of A. P. Stewart.
Baptist Students: Rev. Joseph
HAVE YOU
Had Your Hat
CROWN
Cleaned Lately
?
Our new method of blocking hats (both men’s and women’s) protects them from rain spotting. It is repellent to water. No increase in price, only 50c. Crown Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH'ES
Baird Gleason will teach the Sunday school class at 9:30. Class pictures will be on sale at this time. Virginia Hart will have charge of social hour. Supper at 6 p. m. Russell Carlson will lead the discussion group. The topic for consideration IS “What Constitutes A Christian Personality?” At the 7:30 service the Roger Williams Players will present “Elijah, The Uncompromising.” Mrs. William Kessel is directing the play.
Methodist Students: The Sunday school classes will meet as usual at 9:30. The co-ed class will be led by Mrs. MePadden on “The Life Of Jesus,” and Reverend McFadden will lead a discussion in the Men’s class on “Your Philosophy Of Life.”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
The regular morning church service will be at 10:30 with Reverend Steele preaching on the topic, “Christ Jesus As Lord.” The fellowship hour and supper will be, as usual, at 6 o’clock. All are invited to attend and join in this hour of comradeship. The subject at Epworth League will be “The Life Of Christ.” Robert Henry and Forrest Warren will be the speakers. The Wesley Foundation road play “The First And The Last” is going to be presented in Terre Haute on tomorrow evening.
R. O. T. C.—Examination for the removal of condition grade in Military Training 4 will be held on December 10 and 11. Students desiring to take this examination should report to me at the Adjutant’s office, Armory, before 4 p. m., December 8. —HAYFORD.
English 51 Students—Last chance to get stage hours November 30, at 4 p. m. Playshop Stage Crew—Vacation until November 30, at 4 p. m., in the sub-base-ment of the Union Building. —GLOVER.
Agriculturist—^All freshmen, sophomores, and circulation assistants meet in office December 1 at 7 p m. Very important. —PARKISON, BUXTON.
A. S. M. E.—Members get copies of M. E Journal from “Eddie” in instrument room of steam laboratory. —WELDY. Catalyst—^Actives and pledges meet in student club room in Heavilon Hall for initiation at 2:30 November 28. —STROM.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
Union Workers—Our committees will please meet in the Union office at 1 o’clock November 28. —MYTINGER. McCLEOD. Purdue Lutheran Students’ Club—Basketball practice November 28 during afternoon in Memorial Gymnasium —ANDRES.
W. A. A. Hiking?—Last fall hike Saturday, November 28. Leave gym at 2:30 p. m. —DOBSON.
Christian Science Organization—Regular meeting in room A of the Memorial Union Building at 7:15 p. m, December 1. —WILLS.
Jl-
C IMG ty Ualt.4 FMlore SjmGIcale, Ine,
Duke University SCHOOL OP MEDICINE DURHAM, N. C. Four terms of eleven weeks are given each year. These may be taken consecutively (graduation in three and one quarter years) or three terms may be taken each year (graduation in four years). The entrance requirements are intelligence, character and at least two years of college work, including the subjects specified for Grade A medical schools. Catalogues and application forms may be obtained from the Dean.
Seobee'a REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
^SUDDEN Service
RINTING Office SlaUonery . ^ Wedding Invileiloni PHONE ” Selet Booki,Ete.... --2 62 8 CASSEL’S 408lfERR/%
Decker’s Sugjest
Purdue Engineer—^Editorial work at 2 p. m.,kNovember 28. } —JONES
‘AikJ remember, Wilbur—should anything happen, always fall completely relaxed!”
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
m OOD a] VJ
memewr ' LAUNDRY I em* ; .oiAimic, ea
641 Main St., Lafayette
OOD appearance counts. Have
your clothes cleaned and pressed regularly. . . . It not only gives you that well dressed appearance, but prolongs the life of
your garments.
Call 3085 or leave them at our West Side office.
Phone 3085
American Laundry
Purdue Lutheran Students’ Club—^Basketball practice l^ovember 28, at St, James’ School Hall Gymnasium. —ANDRES. Catalyst Club—^All members and pledges meet in Heavilon Hall at 4:30 p. m., November 28. Formal initiation. —STROM.
Reamer Club—Important meeting in the Union Building November 30, at 8 p. m. All active members and pledges are urged to be present. —BUXTON.
Glider Club—^Meeting at 1 p. m. November 28 on the fourth floor of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Grandpappy will be there. —O’NEAL.
Field Hockey—^Any students who wish to play November 28 at 11 o’clock may play with Lafayette Field Hockey Club. —ELLIS.
Women’s ShuSIeboard and Ping Pong— Sign up on bulletin board in Women’s Gym before December 4. —MAIER.
PI A Board—No meeting November 30. —WIEN.
Union Workers—^My cojnmittee meet at 3:60, November 29, in the music room. —PUTZE. Gimlet Meeting—November 80 at 8 p. m. in Union. Actives and pledges be present. —HODGDON. Student Senate—Meeting December 1 at 7 ;30 p. m. in room F of the Union. —MARTIN.
Alpha Phi Omega—Pledges meet in the Union in room B December 2 for test. —MERRIAM.
NYA Workers—Checks for the period ending November 10, are now available at the cashier’s office in the Administration Building. —HOLLENSBBE,
Union Worker*—My committee meet in work shop November 80 at 4 p. m. —SHEETS. My committee will meet in the workshofi at 1:80, November 28, to complete posters. —RIETH. My committee will meet in Union office at 1 o’clock, November 28, ^ —McLEOD, MYTINGBR. Will my committee report to the Union office at 1 o’clock, November 28. —PUTZE.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
^^Great to GIve^mMGrand to OwnTHE NEW ROYAL PORTABLE COSTS ONLY $1.00 A WEEKI
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
other exclusive features. Choose from 3 handsome models, each sold complete with carrying case. Payments are low-thanks to the Special Educational Budget Plan I
Give a New Royal'Portable to a favored friend—to a student you wish to see get ahead! For Royals are the best money can buy... with Touch Control* and many
SPACE FOR DEALER'S NAME, ADDRESS AND TELEPHONE NUMBER
*Trade-iiutrhf(m bey-tension dence
ROYAL ONLY PORTABLE with touch control
DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 6477
“GIFTS OP DISTINCTION”
Plaid Mackinaw $6.95
XMAS SUGGESTIONS Gloves 98c up Lined or Unlined Ties 25c up Mufflers 48c up Socks 15c up Suede Pants with Slide Rule Pocket (Moleskin) $3.98 Senior or Gray Cords ^ with Slide Rule Blue Melton $2.98 Pocket $2.98 Plaid $3.98
Reliable Clothing Co.
224 Main Street