In Today's News • Riyei'ers Trim Detroit Golfers • Take Your Girl To Pla(ysiiop Tonight • Phelps Convocation Cancelled • Given Will Play For Post-Promers
Mixerf Playshop, House Dances Close ’41 Junior Prom Week-End Tonight By John Armstrong Another busy evening awaits those hardy souls who have recovered sufficiently from those 6 o’clock hours at Prom to feel ready for some more night life. Playshop concludes a four-night run of “Bachelor Bom” tonight at 8 o’clock in Fowler Hall, while the Union is sponsoring a “Post-Prom Mixer” from 9 to 12 o’clock, with music by Irv Given. Other dances are being held tonight by fraternities and campus organizations. Empty Glasses, Empty Glasses _________________
Classes meeting this morning will ^doubtless contain many empty seats, left vacant by students sleeping it off. Many instructors have yielded to the inevitable and cancelled today’s meeting of their courses, while *‘no tests” is the rule, save imthe military department, where some juniors face their command exams this morning. From the first course of the formal dinners served at many fraternity and sorority houses through the seven hours of the music of Woody Herman and Del Casifio until the after-breakfast farewells this morning, there ^as that certain something in the air that makes Prom the dance of dances. 1,260 Coi^les Dance Twelve hundred couples there were, jamming both ballrooms, the cafeteria, and overflowing into the Swe^t Shop, where coke syrup disappeared by the gallon. Couples found their names, post-Prom suggestions, descriptions of the Prom and its bands, and an introduction to the Prom committee in a special magazine issue of the Exponent distributed at the dance. Prom Committee Dines Jim Wolff, chairman, and the six other members of the 1941 Prom committee and their dates were entertained at a formal dinner in the Union before the dance. Prom decorations both in fhe ballrooms and the cafeteria carried out a submarine theme, with sea-horses the predominant motif. Breakfast At 6 After Herman and Casino wearily packed their instruments at 4 o’clock, co-eds had the customary hour to get home. Prom breakfasts from 6 to 6 this morning at the residence halls and many sororities ended the long evening. Among the fraternities holding open radio dances tonight are Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Nu, and Acacia. Bollinger Will Speak At Wesley Foundafion The annual Wesley Foundation banquet will be held on Thursday, April 24, in the Home Economics Building. Dr. Hiel Bollinger of Nashville, Tennessee, National director of the Methodist Student Movement, will talk on.“Spring’s Rendezvous.” Special music will be furnished by the Bradshaw twins and by Ivan Meyers. Prof. Blalock will present scholarships to summer confefences. Miss Ann Pierce will be toastmistress. Tickets are 60 cents and may be reserved by calling the foundation office. The foundation elected its chief officers at a meeting Tuesday evening. They were: president, William Peterson; president of the Epworth League, Darrell Roach; chairman of the social committee; treasurer, Lee Lumpkin; and secretary, Alice ♦Collings. r.w.b. iBIeanor Benton ... HE ’39, has accepted a position in an Indianapolis furniture store as assistant to the head of the ’ department of interior decoration. Miss Benton is in charge of choosing merchandise for window displays, the Bride’s House and the small decorative nooks of the store. She specialized in clothing and textiles while attending the Univer- . sity.
z-us
Fou<i4td In 1889
Volume 52, No. 160
West Loftzyette, Indiana
Saturday, April 19, 1941
Riveters Lose Initial Big Ten
Of Season Tonighi Jilt To Buckeves In 11th, 3-2
Final Curtain Call For f ^
Playshop Presents Final Performance
Dunbar To Play For Co-ed Bid Dance Friday Byron Dunbar and^liis twelvepiece orchestra will play for the annual formal dance sponsored by Mortar Board, senior co-ed honorary, next Friday evening from 9 to 12 in the north ballroom of the Union. Tickets for this last co-ed bid dance of the year will go on sale for one dollar Monday at all sorority houses, residence halls and the west desk of the Union. Boner, Hanshy: Vocalists With the orchestra will be Bill Boner and Lloyde Hanshy, vocalists. Dunbar himself will offer several selections on the trumpet, trombone or saxophone. Dunbar has recently had engagements^ at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Denver and the Forest Park Highlands in Saint Louis. He will probably be remembered by many as the band who has played at the Indiana State Pair for the past three years, r.h.r. Charles R. Richards, Noted Alumnus, Dies After Extended Illness Dr. Charles Russ Richards, ME ’90, president-emeritus of Lehigh university, died yesterday at Minneapolis after an extended illness. Funeral services will be held in the Lehigh chapel at Bethlehem, Pa., this afternoon at 3 o’clock. After receiving his master’s degree from the University in 1891, Dr. Richards began his teaching career by going to the Colorado Agriculture College as an instructor in mechanical engineering. The following year he moved to the University of Nebraska where he later became dean of the college of engineering, ' In 1911 he accepted a post of professor of mechanical engineering at the University of Illinois, and in 1913 he was made acting dean of that college of engineering. Named dean in 1917, he also assumed the directorship of the engineering experiment station. His work at Illinois eventually led to his selection as president of Lehigh in 1922”. He served there until 1936 when he gave up his active duties because of ill-health and was na^ed president-emeritus, f.i.j. Religious Groups Meet Here For Conference Christian Church student groups at DePauw, Indiana, and the University will gather here tomorrow to hold their eighth annual conference in the Union. Discussion theme of the meeting is “Are We Christion?” Registration will be from 2:30 to o’clock,' followed by three hour discussion periods during the afterserved at 6 p. m. The conference noon and evening. A banquet will be will close with a vesper worship service starting at 8 o’clock. j.h.a.
Final Curtain Call For 'Bachelor Born'~Af 8
By Ernest Nordlinger
Tonight at 8 o’clock the Playshop will present the last performance of" “Bachelor Born.” This hilarious comedy is one you will not want to
miss.
You won’t want to miss the kissing sessions with Ann Ostrander throw^g kisses as well as receiving them. But that is not the only actress that we enjoyed as an ex.cellent kisser. “Button,” played by Pauline Martin, gave very realistic kisses to all the actors. Style Review Then you won’t want to miss the style reviews. First our two pretty maidens, Pat Frigge and Queen Ann enter the scene in white touring coveralls. Then they quickly jumped into shapely formals — a preview of the evening’s Prom. In the next scene we see them intriguing the boys of the English school in form-fitting housecoats. The character role of the house master as portrayed by Bill Sharpies was truly realistic. The professor’s hump, his maxims of school life and marriage and .even his tongue gestures were appreciated by last night’s audience. After tonight’s performance the cast and stage crew will hold a behind the stage party beginning at about 10:30 o’clock. British Use New Bombs, Planes On Berlin Raid By William H. Stoneman SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, April 18.—The Royal Air Force accepted Germany’s challenge to a war of reprisal last night by going over and bombing “cultural” Berlin in its heaviest attack of the war. The raid on Berlin was carried out despite threats froip Germany that such raids on “cultural centers” — apparently meaning Berlin’s West End and the Under Den Linden — would be answered by bigger and better raids on London. Public opinion compelled the R. A. F. to carry out this raid, and apparently public opinion is completely prepared for the consequences. New Bomb Used A new bomb of terrific explosive power and hew four-motored Stir-' ling long-range bombers made the attack, it was said officially. The Air Ministry said in its communique: “A number of very powerful bombs were dropped on targets in the center of Berlin last night during the heaviest attack yet made on the enemy’s capital. “Fires immediately broke out. The attack was pressed home and many bursts were seen across the target. Substantial damage certainly was done.” Other Places Raided Other planes bombed targets in Holland, including Rotterdam where therp are great oil depots; Cologne, in the heart of the industrial area V of Germany, and a number of other places in northwest Germany. Last night's raid cost, in all, eight planes, the British admitted. Herbert Morrison, minister for home security, disclosed that Stirlings had Jaken part in the raid, and used the new type bombs, and announced Britain’s determination to fight it through on the Nazis’ own lines. Exponent Co-eds Coied edition Monday. Report Monday at 4 o’clock for work.
Flying Cadet Board Issues List Of Men Who Qualify ByTest > Applicants Must Pass Physical, Mental Exam The following lists 6f applibants and their qualifications fqr appointment as flying cadets has just been released by the examining board. University students physically and mentally qualified for appointment as flying cadets: Morgan L. Miers, Richard W. Taylor, Lawrence W. Archibald, Richard M. Kearns, Marion E. Jackson, Francis E. Powell, Harold E. Scholl, Perry E. Davis, Earle J. Aber, Richard D. Coleman, Robert Ray, Monte B. Poster, Harry F. Poll, John A. Zuck, Omar L. Cunningham, Danforth JC. Heiple, Raymond R. Oeftiger, Robert W. Johnson. Candidates physically qualified for appointment as flying cadets W^ho must take mental examination: Norman C. Qarvin, Johnnie V. Haselby, Morris E. Heald, James P. Kiernan, Richard A. Leyes, Leonard E. Adams, Alex M. Majors, Vernon A. Boehle, Donald S. Gunning, Richard Miller, Kenneth S. Biddinger, Hugh E. Hunt. Other candidates physically and mentally qualified for appointment as flying cadets: John W. Anderson, Harold M. Carney, Leonard J. Gburski, Earl E. Graf, Roy L. Lakin, James L. Myers, Robert W. Summers, David E. Young, Richard G. James, Walter H. Gray, Jr., Clarence V. Beck, Jr., Harlan H. Benoy, Joseph B. Curtis, John J. Hildebrandt, George A. Doty, James R. Williamson, Robert W. Cutry, Robert L. Proman, Fred V. Milam, Thomas L. Thayer, Donald W. Ewing. Fred H. Reynolds, Victor E. Reynolds, Victor E. Weigand, Burton D. Yarian, Morton L. Clevett, Wilbur H. Edwards, Robert G. Patr rick, David M. Stevens, Howard V. Klaus, Joseph M. Todd, Robert G. McCormick, Thomas K. Dickinson', Mac M. McMarrell, Dean B. Lewis, Daniel E. Rohrbaugh, James P. Ruchti, Edward C. Gullion, Donald R. Dickson, James R. Blackwell, George H. Hermanson, Richard M. Bartindale, Thomas F. Ryan, d.w.o. 150 YMCA Members Open Conference Here Today; Banquet, Dance Tonight » Nearly 150 YMCA members from Indiana will convene on the University campus this morning for the tenth annual state YMCA conference, which begins at 1 p. m. this afternoon and continues until Sunday afternoon. The program fof this afternoon includes a tour of the University campus, an address by Judge W. Lynn Parkinson, of Lafayette; and discussion groups led by Prof. A. A. Smith, Prof. M. F. Stiger, Prof. Charles Murphy, Prof. G. H. Graves, and Mr.'Tl. O. Parks, all of the University staff and by Rev., T. Fred Williams, of Lafayette. The -main banquet is scheduled for this evening. Speakers include Dr. E. C. Elliott, Dr. Lynn S. Robertson, president of the YMCA, and “Dusty” Miller of Wilmington, Ohio. Following the banquet, the local Phalanx fraternity will be host to the delegates at a “Draft Dance.” Tomorrow “afternoon at 1:30 the closing session of the conference will be held. Professor Robert Phillips of the department of history and economics will speak.
Twin Killing^Stops Boilermaker Rally In 10th;BucksOuthit, 14-8-By Don Meier Columbus, Ohio, April 18—(Special to the Purdue Exponent) —Out-batting the Ohio State baseball representatives fourteen hits to eight, the Boilermaker diamond contingent lost its first conference encounter this afternoon in what may be truly termed a heartbreaker. After eleven innings of play the Buckeyes had three runs to their credit against the two that the Riveter sluggers were able to glean. With the same luck dogging their steps today that so persistently hampered last fall’s gridiron ag^egation, the Gold and Black diamond squad is to face the Ohio State batteries again tomorrow afternoon. The fact that Coach Fehring’s lads are really proficient in socking the old apple is attested to. by the fact that the Buckeyes used three hurlers during the game. ■ Dor^rook Chased
—From All Fronts— Today's Summary Of War News -
to CbUmgo Ditilr News Foreign Seanries. Oapfrialit. IMO. Chisaco SaOr News, lae. • Britain Raids Berlin New four-motored planes, carrying tremendous loads, made Britain’s heaviest attack of the war on Berlin Thursday night, dropping a new type of bomb that London said carries tremendous destructive power. Berlin admitted damage to buildings in the center of the city. * * * • Public Opinion Forces Raid “Public opinion compelled the R. A. F, to carry out this raid,” cables William H. Stoneman from London, “and apparently public opinion is completely prepared for the consequences.” * * 4? o Nazis Hammer At Greeks Ten or more divisions of German troops, supported by upwards of 1,000 airplanes, hammered at the Allied defense lines in Greece yesterday, Athens reported, while the high command in Cairo announced British and Greek troops were withdrawing gradually to a shorter defense line. « o * • British Fight Off Attacks George Weller, who is at the front in Greece, radios that “ all of Britain’s variegated forces . . . have been standing up to the persistent German attacks and resisting them with the utmost gallantry.” * • * • Tobruk Still British “Right out of Beau Geste or Ouida was thi^ sudden eruption of Australians and British,” radios Robert J. Casey from Cairo, describing the latest fighting at Tobruk, where the “beleaguered” garrison smashed rolling fortresses and took prisoners. >!■ • French Agriculture Changed French agriculture, subdivided for generations into tiny acreages, has 'been revolutionized by a Vichy decree which orders the amalgamation of parcels into large, productive farm lands, radios Paul Gliali* Ik « « • Turks Evacuate Thrace The Balkan War “has entered its last stage,” the Turkish press said yesterday, as plans went forward for the evacuation of all Turkish Thrace facing Bulgaria and Greece. ^ ) Cosmopplitan Club ..-. announces the election of the following officers: president, LeVonne Keller; vice-president, Francis Lau; secretary, Don Wayman; treasurer, Elizabeth Douglas; member at large, Martha Adaska; sergeant at arms, Eddie Miyamasu. The national convention of Cosmopolitan Clubs will be held here next December.
Dornbrook was the Ohio State man that started off on the mound. Replacing Dornbrook, Updegraff took to the mound only to give up his position later on to Mack. Two catchers also saw action in the Buckeye batteries. Nichols started the game, while a chap by the name of Wall finished the unfinished business. In contrast to the liberal substitution in the host’s battery lineups. Coach Fehring chose to let the same two lads do all of the work concerning Bpilermaker hurling and receiving. Janisch On Hill Sophomore John Janisch handled the delivery duties while Captain Fisher took care of the duties behind the plate. Having dished out a defeat to the Western Illinois State Teacher’s team last week, on his first attempt on the mound for the Boilermaker team, today^’s defeat is the first one to mar Janisch’s record. Wasting no time in starting the scoring, the Riveter team rung up a lone counter in the first inning on singles. McFerren was the first of the Riveter club swingers to get the range on the Ohio State hurlers when he singled in the first. Two More Hits Closely following McFerren’s hit came two others from the bats of Doherty and Janisch. The hits of these three lads drove in the first run of the day. Holding lie Buckeyes scoreless in the first, second and third inning, the Gold and Black players were themselves not (Continued on page 3) Phelps Illness Forces Cori^ '^ Postponement Dr. William Lyon Phelps, whe was booked to speak at the final convocation of the school year next Wednesday, April 23, will be unable to appear aq^^ scheduled, according to a wire received yesterday by Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the convocation committee. His appearance was cancelled on the orders of his physician who ordered cancellation of all speaking dates in the immediate future. Acs cording to Professor Giinn, no substitute program will be booked for next Wednesday. Dr. Phelps’ contract has not beeu cancelled, and there is a chance that the program can be scheduled for later in the spring when his health has improved. oJ.a. Seniors, Kottce Sales of senior conuneneement invitations and announcements dosn this Thursday, April 24. 'I(;imy inU]P be purchas^ at SouthVurth’s, Peac^Si, the University Boulmtore» o rthe Union wee* desk. Gala Week Cmumittee.i.
m
'.a-' "
‘ry*‘ Y'
/ . ' .1 T ■ '"‘‘T. ' ^ . y * ^ , , '.s' ' - ^ S '1^ !/>■ i ^ ^ ' 'r‘' ‘'•j'
! ■- , ' ■■■•'■'!■' 'lii ‘ . •;•>• .jj'fi'- ','■' ,>. ''■' '■ ' ,,,; ,i-s*' ' ■''■/C' ' i*"',■'’"-/ '. ’■':-,..ii' ,/*' '/-■■'/ ,• *, •!'■ ..■'■ ? •' ‘ ,;, . < 'I- i; .* . .-i ■’ ^ . ‘ ■ i' - ;■
■ /
V
'4.
fiapL 2-^diiL
Soturdciy, April 19« 1941
fiuUldwL £3q3SOtWlt
9n, Jha, QhwtdfuuL
• Christian Foundation Sunday morning program at Lafayette Christian Church Sixth and North Streets 9:30 a. m.—Student Class. Rev. Doyle Mullen will teach on the topic, Pursuit of Happiness. 10:40" a. m.—Church Worship Service. Rev. Mullen’s sermon topic is Growing Memorial. During the afternoon and even-
LEARN TO DANCE ENROLL IN OUR
ADULT BEGINNER'S CLASS WED., APR. 24 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS APRIL 25th ALLEN’SfiTH & FERRY
SUN.-MON. —2 HITS
ZANE GREY'S
- L ROBERT YOUNG < rechnicol®^ RANDOLPH SCOTT DEAN JA66ER VIRGINIA GILMORE \ 20lh'CDmJltY.rOX PICTURE
PLUS—FIRST RUN HIT
FRIEnDLY DEIGHBORS
WEAVBJi BROTHERS as^.EVVIRY ^PfSCTR ^HARTERS T • CLIff EDWARDS " . lOHN HARILEH - lORFm WEAVER ' . ALSHLAN / JHURSION’MM:!^-’'' ‘
LAST DAY — 2 HITS CHARLES STARRETT IN^ "Outlaws of the Panhandle' also
DENNIS O'KEEFE STEFFI DUNA IN 'GIRL FROM HAVANA'
Starts TOMORROW
ing the annual P.D.I. .Conference (Purdue, DePauw, Indiaija) will be held in the Purdue Memorial Union Building. 2:00 p. m.—Registration. 2:30 p. m.—Afternoon Sessions in charge of Indiana and DePauw delegations. Room 355. 6:00 p. m.—^Banquet in Old Chestnut Room. 7:00 p. m.—Evening Session in charge of Jean Steigerwald, Paul Carrington, and Howard Hamilton of , Purdue, Room 355. . 8:00 p. m.—Closing Service led by Francis Flack, Merl Reynolds, and John Thompson of Purdue.
• Baptist Students Wesjt Lafayette Baptist Church Corner of Columbia and Chauncey Streets Joseph B^ird Gleason, student pastor 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club Class Hour. T. K. Noss, teacher. 10:30 a. m.—Church worship service in charge of Purdue seniors of the Roger Williams Club. Deputation fellowship. Those taking part
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
-todaydouble FEATURE RIVER'S END WITH DENNIS MORGAN
PLUS
LADDIE
are Dave Nelson, Louise Petdrsoti, John Coster, Ruth Yoke, and Glen Page. The theme of the service is" “Faith, A Way of Life.” The choir and Bob Bdrger, soloi&t, Will sing “The King of Love My Shepherd Is.” 5:30'p. m.—Roger Williams Club Fellowship Hour. Lunch at 6:00. 6:30 p. m.—Dedication of new chairs. 7:00 p. m.—Choir recital in the church auditorium. Director—Ivan Gruner Price. Otganist—(>eotge E. Osborn. ,
• Methodisf Students 9:30 a. m.—Sunday School Teacher of the Men’s Student Class—Hubert Reynolds. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Church Service.
ARC
— SUNDAY - MONDAY — SPECIALl "GREECE FIGHTS BACK" See the Famous Greek Legions in Action! (Procedes fr^m this reel goes to the Greek War Relief) ALSO
Don Eugenfe lAMECHE • LEONTOVICH Mary Beth Alan HUGHES • CDRTIS
PLUS-
DISNEY CARTOON
- LAST TIMES TODAY — "BEFORE I HANG" "WEST OF ABILENE" 'Winners of the West" Serial PATHE NEWS
• University Presbyterian North, Street at Grant Street Rev. John W. Findley, Faster and Director of the Westminster Foundation. 9:30 a. m.—Dr. Graves will lead the morning discussion group on the topic of “Christianity and Democracy.” 10:30 a. m.—Rev. Findley has chosen the subject of “Saints and Sinners” for his morning sermon. The choir will sing “Largo” by Handel under the direction of Richard Thonton and accompanied by Joanne Lloyd at the organ. 6:00 p. m.—The Sunday Evening Club will meet in the church basement for supper, and the^^program after supper will be in charge of the music commission.
^ Caluinii
editor, column five pijfdue exponent .dear sir: for one full year now almost i have been dealing with a man named clarence who in my estimation is a bum publicity agent so^i am going directly to the lioint where iny stuff disappeai^^ dirfectljr into the wastebasket —^mudball * * - ♦ (eds note: with such an apiiear we could do nothing else but print the following contribution by the literary mouse known as mudball.) i was chewing on a comer of the News the other day when i ran across a little items says the germans are knocking the very devil out of the english in greece but before i can stop for a good look i have masticated my way to page three where it says quote * ♦ * allies slaughter nazis in greece * * ♦ .' it seems like you can’t know what is going oh any more imless you eat * * 4 • in a greek restaurant * * * however i have worked out a sure fire systehfj for interpreting the news read three newspapers daily and then repeat half
The Purdue Exponent
Entered u aceond ehuM lantter at tfae.j^t offiee la La-
farltte, Indiina, oiider.tbe act df Coa(inreM ot Kareh S, 1879, and at the aiiecial raid di poetaare iWotrided for la Seetion 1108, act Of October 8, 1917, authorised Jahnaxy.20, 1822.' Fub]ii8he|4 d^^QT ncept Monday durids the regular
aedd^uo dudWeel^ during th« Bhnu
Djelive^ local' seriptibn, |8.6i
EdUox^in-CUef....: Buainaaa Managw...
. Bhmater Session.
by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail sub-
B. W. Oonahne ..... Merle Hagmsyer , Fttbliehtlon Staff
NcWi Bdltol-..- L 1 .J. a. h^Kee Mahiiglhg EdlforcL. ,~.D. K. Hhiple Asaoeiate Editoia: E. A. Ochiltree,' J.' A. PureNl, L. Vf.
Enff^, R, M. Skallerup, J. Ik TTangott.. , . xii Buiinen Staff '
Local Advertiaug |iaiiagerB: O, S, FoWets, G. C. Lauideia,; Fromotioti Mdiiaitbr, 0. F. Dankleniajer; Aaeountt Manager, R. 3. Shadford; Circulation ManagOr, R. M.
Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff
Editor...^.— Beth Sbnpaon Amociate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Sieas.
Sports Staff Editor.... J, F. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, F. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sports 2792 B^reaented for national advertising 1» National Advertising Service, Inc., College Fublishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New Tork, N. Y. Staff For This IssUh Night Editor: Brophy Sports Editor: Meier Issue Editor: B. G. Smith Day Editor: Rose Staff: F. I. Jones, J. H. Armstrong, J. F. Zinski, O. L. Allanson, E. W. Nordlinger, P. A. Howard, V, M. Barson, A. Worsley, W. Rafert, J. D. Smith, B. G. deBruyn, I*..Fraser, E. C. Young, O. T. Clark MiHiiftAiml.tiiao-1 Ssc,
a dozen times period *. * ♦ the nazis are winning aba the british are coming—dkh
m.—^Fellowship Hour led Eckler and Eva Goode-
6:00 p
by Paul
nough.
6:30 p. m.—Talk on “Mental Health” by Prof. E. L. Kelly. 7:15 p. m.—^Worship service led by Jack 'Hopkins, Elaine Horton and Dale Moffet. Fraternity Council Makes Change In Election Rules At a meeting of the Interfraternity Council held at the Phi Kappa house last night, an amendment was passed requiring a two-thirds majority for the election of the officers of the» Council. Guests at the meeting were Professor Robbins and Mr. Noellering, both of the Fraternity Advisors Association.
AWS Chairman Starff District Civil Service
. Examiner hletWews
Mary Ellen Scarff, chairman of the AWS orientation program, yesterday announced appointments to the orientation board for next semester. This board will have complete charge of the orientation of all freshmen and transfer co-ed stu-
dents next -fall. -
This new board consists of Mary Ellen Scarff, chairman of freshmen orientation; Lynn Erganbright, chairman of transfer students; Jane vanGorkom, assistant freshman chairman;'Jeanne Lauer, chairman of the freshman tea; and Nelda Byrum, chairman o fthe freshman pic-
nic.
BRITIAN'S ROYAL AIR FORCE Presented By MARCH OF TIME t SEE—This thrill packed film that gives new meaning today's headlines! SEE—Britain's hard fighting air- force drive off Hitler's superior air fleets! SEE—Britain's bombers carrying the war back to the heart of Germany itself! ACTUAL SCENES OF BATTLE Exclusive Film Just Arrived From England
STARTING ■ SU N DAY
MUj^^InjupuR m sojvgIif sparku«£OTPTJc rio\
Starts TODAY
Engineers Monday Arthur J. Burgess, rating examiner of the sixth U. S. Civil Service District, will be on the campus Monday, April 21, to meet senior engineering students interested in Junior Engineer examinations. Two ■group meetings will be held in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering building, at 9 and 10 a. m. No test, other than possession of , a degree in engineering, is required. All applicants may present the necessary evidence after graduation. Personal interviews will be conducted by Mr. Burgess in the afternoon in the Personnel Office. Interested students should arrange for appointments by calling the Personnel office, w.e.r. Alpha Phi Omega Starts Fingerprinting Service Monday In Hall Of Union Beginning Monday morning in the Great Hall of the Union, the Alpha Gamma chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, national service fraternity, will start fingerprinting over one thousand University students. This local fingerprinting bureau will be in operation for three days. The, apparatus will be loaned to the students, after thorough instructions have been given by Lt. John Weinhardt of the Lafayette Police force. University students will get a chance to see how law enforcement agencies utilize fingerprinting Panels for identification. Fingerprinting is a definite advantage to each student. It will aid t|ie person in connection with social security and old age pensions^ the Selective Service Act or the army draft, defense work, as well as ordinary identification purposes in case of accident. Tabulation also aids the missing 'persons bureau throughout the country, e.w.n. Three Fraternities Hold Prom Week-End Daiites Phi Kappa, Phi Kappa Sigma, and Acacia sopial fraternities will hold dances at their respective chapter houses tonight as a conclusion to the prom week-end, The Phi Ehj^pd dance will be a fornial affair with Danny Yqder and his orchestra from Ft. Wayne furnishing music for dancing. At the Phi Kappa' Sigm^ house, where semi-formal dress will be in order, Pahl Reedy and his campus band will play. The Acacia dance will be an informal affair with dancing to radio music. All three dances are scheduled to begin at 9 o’clock, p.a.h.
4 ■, ‘ A '• I ■'
A# 4>«C( ^ <fiy. Jf T*^ ^‘r«>' rtlt<A*A ^1 Mrf**. -uvi trt.Lf.*K, i!(-\
■
/ pMAdujL £xpatyiiii.
Scttufilcty, Aptil 19, 1941
fia^ttS- TiaticAL
Riveters Lose Initial Big Ten Encounter' (Continued from page 1) able to cross the pl0.te until'the fo^b. Up^to bat again in the fourth, pitcher Janisch did his best to udn |ii8 b-4h ball gdme by cracking out his second single of the day. Following Janisch to bat, Carson sacrificed, and Janisch went to second. Fischer hit a line single to the right which drove in^Janisch for the second and last Riveter score of the day."" O.S.U. Forces Issue Ohio State came back into the scrap in the second half of the fourth when Malady singled, went to third on a single by Longhurst and scored on a long fly from Frakers to Carson. Pressing the game into extra innings, the Buckeyes scored again in the nineth. Dumitre beat out a slow roller to M^^ers for a single base. Sacrificed to second, Dumitre scored on Senton’s pinch single which dribbled through the right side of the Riveter infield. Going into extra innings, the Boilermaker lads lost a wonderful opportunity to score wheft in the 10th inning Doherty doubled, Janisch walked and Carson beat out a bunt to load the bags with none out. Double Out Kills Chances McCaffry's line drive went dirfectly to' the Ohio State second baseman who doubled Carson off first. Fisher was walked intentionally, and the side Was retired on Myer’s long fly to right. * In the eleventh inning the Ohio State diamondmen pulled the game out of the fire when Fraker walked, advanced to second on a sacrifice and to third on Wall’s single to left, and scored on a fumble by Carson. Doherty proved beyond a doubt his power at bat by driving out two doubles and a single. McFerren closely followed Doherty with three singles. On a whole the Boilermak-
Notice
POMM: Meeting of all actives and pledges at 4 p. m. in room 108 of the Armory, Thursday, April 24. Meeting shori/ but important. —McCAMMON.
PUrdiiS CHriStIUn Foundation: Get your tickets for dunce before tonight. There will be no tickets sold at the door. —STEIGEBWAIA).
Purdue t*layers: There wfll be a party pn stage Saturday, April 19, 19:80 p, m in Fowler Hall, for players and members of the cast and crew of Bachelor Born. . —CARR. Scabbard and Bldde Actives and Pledges: There will be a meeting of the actives at 7:16 p. m., Tuesday, April 22, in rOom 286 of the Union. Rough night plans will be made. Pledges in the Tuesday night group will report to room 286 at 8 p. m —MEESE.
- Mewman Club: Ex councio meeting in room 302 of the Union' 'fuesday, April 22, at 4 p. m. » —LUERS. ~
Chi Epkilon: All actives and pledges be at the Civil building Tuesday, April 22, at 7:30 p. m. , —SAMS.
Cadet Liincheon Committee: There will be a brief but important meeting at 4 p. m , Tuesday, April 22, in the Arpiory. All members are urged to be present. —MEESE.
Freshinan and Sophomore Military: Sign up in Supply Room for entrance into Scabbard and Blade Best Soldier Contest to be held in Armory Saturday, April 26, at 1:30 p. m. —WOODLING.
Military Battery S-4: Basic students of Battery S-4 are detailed as Provost Marshall Guard for Gala Day, May 2nd and Corps Ar^ Inspection, May 8th. These students will form inside the 4th Street entrance to Intramural Field at 11:00 a. m , Tuesday, April 22, for instructions relative to this duty. —BURKHART.
Advanced Military Students: The following listed personnel is detailed as Provost Marshall Guard for the Corps formations oh Gala Day, May 2nd and Corps Area Inspection, May 8th. Those listed are requested to report to Lt McMaken at 4 p m., in room 201, Monday, April 21, for instructions. A merit will be awarded for attendance. a. Seniors: Brennan, P J , Money, J. P., Titus, J. C. ^ er hitting was strong; fielding was not on a par with the hitting, however, with six errors on the records against the Fehring-coached men. Either Leifeit or Blanken will be on the mound for the Boilermakers in tomorrow’s encounter. Score By Innings Purdue 100 100 000 00 2 14 6 Ohio State 000 100 001 01 3 8 2
TAKE THE "PROM BAND” HOME WITH YOU!
Latest Rcords By
Some of His Best
• 3643 Blue Flame (Theme Fur Trapper's Ball • 3693 Sleepy Serenade Everything Happens to Me • 3630 Sorrento Oh Look At Me Now • 3617 Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy Bounce Me Brother With a Solid Four • 3577 Chips Boogie Woogie Chips Blues ^ • 3501 Blues on Parade Peach Tree Street ALL THE ORCHESTRAS ON ALL MAKES OF RECORDS AT THE FOSTER SHOP East Side of Square
Chi Omega
. . *, alumnae Will entertain the seniors of the active chapter with a buffet dinner tomorrow evening at 6:30 p. m. in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union, b. Juniors: Raber, N. W., Sink, R. ^I., Murray, C. M.’J Rush, J. G., Page, R. L., Abell. R. F., Ffirber, W. R., MacMillan, D. W., ShdVCr, 6. B., Evdns, J. S.,jro^, A. A., Gregory, E. L., DeGartno, D. E., Caple, W- W., Matthews, L. L., Mezoff, J G., Shaver^ J. M., Snyder, A. E., Btopk, B, P., Stecket, R. B., McManus, R M., Henderson, J. M, Huftdley, J. W., Graf, F. N., Gominel, H. E., DddsoU, G. C., Campbell, W. A., Dibos, R. A., Miller, L. H., Smith, R. H, Aronson, S. E, ^Bauman, R. E., Wagner, P. R., Greftath, A. W.-, Forbes. D. R., Keck, M. E., Miller, W. G. —BURKHART.
Senior Military Stndenta: Sign up on tbe bulletin board in the AnUory for appointment to have pictures taken. 4-19/ —JOfllJSON
CE 12 Conditions: Tests fqr removal of C’s in Highway Construction will be held Saturday, April 19, from 1 to 4 J). m. la room 206 of the 'Civil Building. —PETTY.
All Seniors: Senior commencement invitations and announcements are on sale at Southworth’s, Deac’s and the University Bookstore, and at the west desk of the Union. Sales close on Thursday, April 24. GALA WEEK COMMITTEE.
Ag Cbem Club: Meeting postponed .Watch Exponent for notice of next meeting. —ELKIN.
Freshman Engineers: All students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report to Eliza FowlCr Hall this coming Saturday, April 19. —KNAPP. Purdue Christian Foundation: PDI conference Sunday. April 20. Registration in Union at 2 p. m. with fellowship meetings following. Dinner at 6 p. m. AU those interested who have not stated so call Dick Smith at 61191 or Reynolds at 4898. —SMITH.
Purdue Wheelmen: Ride Sunday, April 20, kt 2:80 p. m. Meet in front of Executive building. Everyone invited. —VANDERBILT.
All EE Students: See sheet on main bulletin board in EE Building te sign up for open house projects. (4-28) —HOLCOMB.
SfudenI Co-tips Plan Open House; to-eds Play Hdsf Tomorrow Co-ed co-operRtive students will hold open house tomorrow from S until 6 t). m. Members of the var-^ ious houses will act as guides and the public is invited to attend. The women’s SCA houses which will be open tomorrow include Ann Tweedale House, 123 State St.; Antigonish House, 1 University St.; Glenwood House, 166 N. Grant St.; Novadale, 117 State St.; and Shoemaker House, 103 Russell. One week from tomorrow, the rjen’s co-operative houses will be open to the public.These are: Chauncey House, 216 Chauncey-St.;T3rcle Pines House, 226 S. Grant St.; Dover House, 41 N.*Salisbury; Kneale House, W. State St.; Luma House, 406 State St.; Marwood House, 817 Vine St.; Owen House, 421 Unij’ersity St.; Salisbury House, 414 N. Salisbury St.; Wesley Boys’ House, 436 State St.; Westminster House, 318 N. Grant St.; Roachdale House, 219 Waldron »St. v.m.b. Sigma Pi ... social fraternity, installed the following officers: Laring Alstadt, sage; Bill Nielsen, first counsellor; Wilbur Meek, second counsellor; John Helmick, third counsellor; Bill Ourand, herald; Frank Fijala, bouse manager.
ASME: Final returns of membership cards and emblems are on hand. Please get them anytime Saturday morning, April 19, at Prof. Cope’s office. —COOLEY.
Purdue Outing Club: There will be a brief business meeting Monday, April 21, at 7:80 p m in room 802 of the Union. Plans for an outing will be discussed. Everyone interested in outing activities is welcome. —PARKER.
Exponent Co-eds: Co-ed edition Monday, April 21. Report at 4 p. m. in the office. —SIESS.
Classified Ads
TypewriCera and adding machbiM, aaw and uaed, far aala, rant and repabad. AU makea of portabla typewrltaza, $U.TS te $69.60. Office auppUee. Mitteogtapb aad mnlttgraph work. C. F. BSiezidiofl, tOt Main St Phone, S779.
' Eta Kappa Nu: Actives sign list in EE office at once if you wish to have a plaque. (4-23) —HOLCOMB.
For Rant: Ruae-Reat-A-Car Sairviea. Oara, for all oeeaaions. Mjn. $2.59 aU night Phone 2407.
Something Worth Blowing About...
That Sunday Evening Date with HER in - I ' THE GRILLE LOUNGE
JhL ptAJuduSL. TnanufuaL Union. * y The Comer of the Campus— Yet the Center of College Activities
Teams Begin Second Round All-Campus Bridge Tournament Second qualifying round of the all-campus championship bridge tournament will be played off this afternoon at 1:30 in the south ballroom of the Union. In order to enter the semi-finals, all teams entered in the tournament must play in this second round. Teams that finished in the upper half of the first round must play again today in order to retain their standing, but they are already automatically qualified for the semifinal games. Even though some teams finished below the half-way mark in the first round, they may still qualify for a place in the first semi-finals. Individual players on the high scoring teams will be awarded cartons of cigarettes, a.r.w.
Lost: P^ir fine bifocal spectacles in brown case at or near Purdue Unioi Tuesday evening. Finder please^ call 76606.
Co-ed Hmoraty Initiate 31 Freshmen Tomorrmv Alpha Lambda Delta, freshmest women’s scholastic honorary^ 'W® hold formal initiation for its T^edgee tomorrow morning at 9 o’clock in room 326 of the Unimi. The following girls will be initiated into the organization at this time: Helen Hoskinson, Mary Antenen, Sally Beall, Geraldine Bryant, Cora Cooley, Mdry Louise Egan, Dorcas Fink, Martha Gettinger, Mary Lee Hyde, Dana Johnson, Jean Lauer, Mary Minkler, Margaret Pennhigton, Anna Shively, Marian Siegler, Jean Thompson. Mabel Vaughan, Jean Yahres, Dorothy Apostle, Lois Baugher, Gayle Beeswy, Dorothy Comthwaite, Virginia Gallman, Beth Ludberg, Virginia MacDonald, Frances Mellon, Ardath Prantner, Dorothy Ragsdale, Ellen Searight, Martha Lou Stewart, and Carolyn Wood. Immediately following the initiation, breakfast will be served to both old fand new members in the Chestnut Room of the Union. p.a.h.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic BR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK ^4tii 6- Main Sis. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
4 “''’’j V, ;
A
V-sSSaturday, April 19, 1941
Puhflua, Sxponsait
Golf Team Trims Detroit In Season Opener, 16-5
Trackmen Battle Butler In Home Opener Today Hoping to duplicate the victory earned at East Lansing last Saturday, the Riveters take on the thinlies from Butler University this afternoon in Ross-Ade stadium, with festivities scheduled to start at 12:30. One of Coach Hermon Phillips’ prize pupils during his reign at Butler, one Ray Sears, will be at the head of the Bulldog contingent. Thus the old “teacher vs. pupil” situation, so common in the sports world, again arises. No Soft Touch — —
Riveter Squad Shows Promise In Decisive Victory Over Detroit Coach Harry Allspaw’s golfing "forces lit into the first opponent on this year’s schedule and hit them''with everything in their golf bag, as they thumped a feebly protesting Detroit team, 16 to 5 at the West Lafayette Country Club, yesterday afternoon. Two doubles matches and five singles duals made up the program which occupied the entire day of 36^ holes of match play. Tomorrow, Notre Dame will appear in its Annual invasion of Riveter golfing grounds to challenge the Gold and Black team. Double Victory *
Although this Butlei’ team is not considered to be a major track power, Phillips expects them to be anything but pushovers. They are known to be strong in some spots, and conceivably could surprise in others. The Bulldogs’ outstanding threat is their capable sophomore hurdler, Ray Alsbury. As a freshman, this lad gathered quite a name for himself and his work thus far this year has added strength to his reputation. His contest with Boilermaker Dave Rankin should provide one of the meet’s highlights. Jimmy Stewart, who is no rela-
tion to the star of the flickers who carries the same title, is the team’s captain and a consistently good half-miler. He will probably run into all he can handle this afternoon in the person of Alex Jentsch, who posted a 1:59 half in the Michigan State meet of last week. With the possible exception of the sprints and dashes, Phillips expects to use each athlete in only one event. The Riveters’ entry list will carry 30 names, and Phil has declared that he will use them all. Fourteen events will comprise this afternoon’s card, with the field events being reeled off first.
Early yesterday morning, with all indications pointing to a beautiful day for golf, the doubles teams set out over the three covered slopes of the golf course to open the day’s activities. The Boilermaker team of Hoffer and Dahl won the first nine, two up, and by noon time had finished their chore with a tie on the second nine and the best total for the 18 holes; thereby taking the match, 2% to %. At the same time, Curran and Knipp perked up after losing the first few holes, and finished strong to take the nine, one up. From there, they went on to pull away from the Detroit twosome and took the match, three to nothing.
Here's ONE Way CROWN Differs from Others— Crown cleaned clothes are moth-proofed by the MONITE Process, exclusive in Lafayette with CROWN . . . clothes moth-proofed by Monite Process guaranteed for 6 months against moth damage or until cleaned again. NO EXTRA CHARGE ©HOOD Laundry riME CLEAMEWS OF TIME CLOT t
In the singles matches that were played in the afternoon, the Riveters won three and dropped two. Bob Hoffer found his hands full of trouble in the personage of the very able Davidson of Detroit team, and the visitor finished with a-bevy of birdies to win the match, two to one. Hoffer took the first nine by .virtue of a well-earned birdie on the last hole, but the Detroiter evidently wasn’t the slightest perturbed as his three birdies on the back nine proved. Last Hole Victim Roger Schutt had the misfortune of tangling with an opponent who was as tenacious as golfers Come. After halving the first nine, Schutt and the visiting Taylor matched each other stroke for stroke down the back nine. On the 18th hole, with the two men still tied, the Detroiter took the match by dropping a long putt for a birdie four. Co-captain Dahl, Knipp, and Curran had little difficulty in their matches and played superb golf in adding nine points to the Riveter total. Bob Hoffer took the scoring honors for the day with a 74 in the morning round, but Davidson of the Detroit squad had the best 36 hol^ total with two rounds of 75. Par for the course is 71, and visiting teams usually find the hilly, wooded terrain a good test of their ability. j.d.f.
Pharmacy
. . . freshmen and members of the staff of the School of Pharmacy and their families held a party last night in the Pharmacy building. Prof, and Mrs. C. F. Zufall and Mr. and Mrs, J. F. Small were chaperones.
G6
BEST All-ROUND FOREIGN STAFF”
Gridders Tangle. In Second Intra-Squad
I
Encounter Of Spring Conditioning Series Geared to a high competitive spirit, the Boilermaker grid squad will take to the field this afternoon at 2:30 for the second regulation intra-squad game of the spring practice period. Pleased with the results of last Saturday’s encounter, Coach Elward has planned games for eadh Saturday through the spring season. With several weeks of practice behind them the Riveter football iron rnen are in top condition for today’s battle. Working chiefly on passing plays ’
and tackling technique during the
past week, the Gold and Black grid because of an injured ankle, is also stalwarts should be prepared to start in today s encounter. Vetshow some flashy performances, eran John Petty will begin the
game at fullback for the Black
* team, but will probably be relieved Official Liite-ups occasionally by Rockie Snyder who BLACK ■ GOLD has been playing fullback for the King LE Rush last couple of weeks instead of Rossi LT Warren quarter where he saw action last Miller LG Stevens season. Leugo C Johnson Commenting on. Snyder at his Powers RG Vecs new post. Coach Elward stated that French RT Timperman he is doing well there, is a hard Combs RE Shimer runner and ha slots of competitive Smerke QB Harris spirit. Playing fullback is not enChester LH Smock tirely new with Snyder,' however, Berto RH Meakim since he spent much of his time at Petty FB Buffington this post on the Massilon team. ■ Plenty of Competition ,,
Bruce Warren, the sophomore starting at left tackle on the Gold team today, is again^in fighting trim after a fpw days of inactivity on account of measles. The fight between Kennie Smock and Bob Chester for the first line position at left half should be one of the more interesting side lights of next fall’s grid
season.
The two lads will start today’s game on the opposing teams. It should be interesting to see how they make out against one another. During the past week Coach Elward states that Chester did much to forge ahead to meet Smock’s competition, d.w.m. Frosh Nine Defeats
/
Riveter Seconds In Close Struggle, 4-2 Bob Baker pitched with the confidence of a veteran yesterday afternoon as he sparked the Rhinie baseball team to a 4- 2victory over the Riveter reserves on Ross-Ade Field. The be-spectacled right-hander did more than paralyze” the enemy batsmen, though, for he pulled a Frank Merriwell and rapped out two hits when they were needed. Three singles by Olds, Shumaker and Baker, plus a like dumber of miscues in the opposition’s infield and a fielder’s choice gave the 1944 lads three runs in the second inning. Popr Playing Conditions Cut short by an elusive sun that played chaser with the clouds, the game only lasted six frames.
Running plays were not stressed last week due to the fact that the lads had already shown considerable
aptitude in this department,
Frosh Faces
Several new faces mixed in with many that are familiar to every Boilermaker grid fan are to be seen in today’s starting line-up. French and Chester are the two first year men on the Black team. Several other freshmen will be on the field for the starting gun on the Gold team. Smock will be at the left half
spot.
Meakim, who hails from Chicago, is another first year boy on the Gold starting line-up; he is slated to start opposite Smock at right half. Pressing the veterans at the center post for their job. Bob Johnson, who in his high school career at Gary was all-state for two years, will begin the game as center on the Gold
team.
Sophs and Veterans
Bill Powers, a sophomore who was out of competition last season
LHLAIVD STOWE FormeH)' on the overoeas staff of the New York Times, he covered the Balkans for four years and knows Central and Mediterranean Europe. Weller, now in the Balkans joined the Daily News Foreign Staff in December, 1940.
READ in the PURDUE EXPONENT the latest and most vital news of THE WORLD ' T Aar Received by Special Wire form the Chicago Daily News Syndicate
IIEI.EX KIRKPATRICK First among the woman correspondents of her time. Miss Kirkpatrick is noted for her tiiorougli knowledge of European Politics, for her graphic coverage of the Battle of England and for the heats she has scoi'ed.
Another Freshmen-'Varsity tilt-'is scheduled for this afternoon on Ross-Ade Field at 2 p. m. “Shorty” Potenza talked his usual effective game at second base, but the half-pint chatter-box played a flawless performance on the defense. Shumaker, frosh right fielder, got a brace of hits, he and Baker accounting for four of the seven blows the winners made. The Boilermaker second squad only chalked up one figure in the-“H” ledger and that one by center fielder Brady did not score a run. Pickel Another Fisher? Shaky fielding behind him robbed Baker of what might have been a shutout. Mark Pickel caught Baker throughout the abbreviated tilt and showed the fire and aggressiveness often displayed by varsity captain Bud Fisher. Mark had two passed balls charged against him, but it was mostly due to over-anxious-ness. Bob Green, who pitched for the Gold and Black reserves did very well considering an injured ankle, o.t.c. The score by innings ig as follows:
Inning 12 3 Frosh 9 3 0 Rfiserves .... 0 0 0
4 6 6 R H E 0 1 0^ 7 3 2 0 0—2 1 2