I
Exponent
VOLUME 49 Lafayette, Indiana November 20, 1937 NUMBER 59
26^000 Expected To Attend Annua|. Hoosier-Boilermaker Gridiron Clash; Loss Of Schreyer To Handicap Squad
Ballentine Winner In Scrivener Fresh Literary Contest Harry Poll, Henry Wist Place Second And Third Wilham I. Ballentine, Jr., freshman engineering student from LaPorte, was announced last night to be the winner of the first Freshman Literary Contest, which was sponsored by the Scriveners Club and Scrivener magazine. He will be awarded the first prize of five dollars. Ballentine's winning manuscript, “He Loved the Woods,” will appear in the January, 1938, issue of Scrivener which will be distributed before Christmas vacation. Other Awards Harry Fred Poll, Chicago, 111., and Henry Wist, Hammond, both freshmen, placed second and third respectively, in the contest, and their compositions, “The Two Arrows” and “Side Street,” will also be published. The second and third awards m the contest are three dollars and one dollar i espectivelj^ Mary Thompson’s hoi^orable mention award, “Dance Band,” and Ross Livesay’s award, “If I Weie You,” will also appeal in the magazine. Other honorable mention awards will be made to five other freshmen for then effoits, according to the judges, consisting of the editorial staff and the faculty advisofe of Scrivener. Plaque A plaque bearing the names of the first three winners will be placed on the wall of University Hall as soon as it IS completed, in order to recognize permanently the ability of the new writers. “We received some very fine material in this contest,” was the comment of Jack Brock, editor of Scrivener, “and it was difficult to select the best manuscripts. However, all the judges have agreed on these selections. Some excellent work which did not receive awards may be published later ” * Brainchild The Litei ary Contest was the biamchild of Bill Feldman, Scriveners Club president, who said when asked about its purpose, “Quality of entries in the contest seemS more than to j'ustify its existence. Not only has Scrivener received excelI lent material for publication, and the Scriveners Club been made acquainted with new student literary lights, but campus interest in the contest has been most gratifying.” Thetas Losh To PIA's In Co-ed Bowling Tourney PIA co-eds showed their superiority ovei the Thetas in bowling last night as they led the way to an easy victory. The PIA team of Mattie Bell McWilliams, Bernadme Barnes, Margaret Maxwell, Edith Herman, and Lois Mills scored 1,234 points against a total of 1,040 that was amassed by the Thetas. The members of the Theta team include: Janet Decker, Vivian Phelps, Lucille ^ Dobson, Alice Newton, and Mary Margaret Klepper.
Faculty Meeting The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, November 22, at 4 p.m. in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. A full attendance i^ expected. Edward C. Elliott ) President.
All-America Band Leaves At 8 Today , The Purdue Military Band, appi opi lately dubbed “The AllAmerican Band” by Ted Husing and other sports writers, will leave at 8 a. m. this morning for Bloomington to compete with Indiana Univepity’s famous “marching hundred.” Today’s contest will see two of the country’s finest college bands striving to present the latest in gridiron maneuvers, alphabetical formations, and college music. During the past week the Puidue Band has spent every day practicing mai ching, perfecting cadence, and polishing their peiformance m general. They have rarely, if ever taken a back seat at this gridiron classic, and certainly do not intend to today New Gym To Open
ly
ly
Monday the new Fieldhouse will be officially opened. Since the laying of the cornerstone last May 1 by Larry Downs, lepresentmg the alumni, the work on the Fieldhouse has piogressed at nearly the scheduled pace, and the Fieldhouse will soon be completed at a cost of approximately $700,000 dollars. R. C. Woodworth, acting athletic directoi, advised last night that students desiring lockers in the men’s new gymnasium to make the necessaiy arrangements as soon as possible to avoid the last minute confusion. He outlined the following piocedure to be used in obtaining a locker; 1. Pay the one dollar key and towel deposit at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building and obtain a receipt. The deposit is refunded when the key is turned in. 2 Take i eceipt to student health service foi necessary approval 3. Present receipt to Craig at the check-out window on giound floor of the Fieldhouse on or after this Monday, for locker assignment. Terre Haute Alumni Rally For IU Battle At Terre Haute last night, the local Purdue Alumni Club gathered for a pep session preparatory to the game with Indiana today. T. R. Johnston, University publicity director, spoke by long distance telephone over WBOW, Terre Haute radio station, as a University representative for the session. Thursday night E. B. Baugh, the alumni association secretary, and Prof. G. E. Davis, of the education department, spoke at a meeting of the Teire Haute Club. Davis, who is connected with teacher placement service here, described the University’s work in the education field. University Grad Writes Street Lighting Artide T. F. Hildebrand, EE '24, has written an article describing a new type of street lighting control, developed by the American Gas and Electric Co., of which he is assistant distribution engineer, for the current issue of Electrical World. The system is a simplification of street lighting circuits developed for Boanohe, Va.
Purdue Hopes In Bucket Battle
Cecil Isbell
Lou Brock
Paul Humphrey
Bill Vergane
Tony Juska
Cody Isbell
Bucket Once Brought Back By Craft When Hoosiers Raise Riveters’ Ire
By Don Terrio “Old Oaken Bucket Fades Into Realm Of Unknown.—Hoosier Students Fail To Receive Trophy After Boilermaker Game.” So ran glaring headlines in the Exponent of December 4, 1930. Indiana defeated the Boilermakers for the first time in five years during the 1930 game, and their victory brought on the Old Oaken Bucket fracas. Victory Bell Missing! It all started with two groups of
Gridiron Classic Of Semester Will Today Determine Possessor Of Old Oaken Bucket For Coming Year
Bulletin Indiana officials announced yesterday that kickoff time of today’s Indiana-Purdue game had been advanced to 1:30 o’clock. This was done to avoid playing the last part of the game in semi-darkness.
Indiana students who, delirious in their sudden victory and unknown to each other, planned to remove the clapper from the Victory Bell. The first group successfully accomplished the depredation, and when the second group came upon their prize they were surprised to find the clapper already missing. Chagrined, they decided to walk off with the bell itself. When Boilermakers discovered (Continued on page 4)
< PROBABLE LINEUPS Purdue Position Indiana Powell LE Petrick Mihal LT Haak Bykowski LG Olmstead Humphrey .. C Miller Grant RG Sirtosky Woltman RT ' McDaniel Zachary RE . Kenderdine Cody Isbell QB .. Fowler Cecil Isbell LH Filchock Brock RH . . Graham Juska . .. FB . . Davis Referee—Frank Birch, Earlham. Umpire—Ernie Vick, Michigan. Field Judge—Nick Kearns, DePaul. Head Linesman—Joe Lipp, Illinois. BROADCAST—Stations WIRE, WFBM, and WBOW.
Get That Bucket
With this battle-cry ringing in their ears. Coach Mai Elward and his squad of Boilermakers will leave this morning for Bloomington, determined to do their best not to disappoint
their Gold and Black supporters. A crowd of over 26,000 fans is expected to attend this Hoosiei grid classic in anticipation of witnessing another thriller like last year’s Bucket clash. A complete sell-out was announced by Indiana officials
last night.
Purdue will start today’s game heavily handicapped by the loss of Captain Marty Schreyer, stellar left tackle. Schreyer, who will be kept on the sidelines because of a pulled muscle in his knee, received last Saturday, will be replaced by Joe Mihal, husky junior. Joe is a hard fighter whose only handicap is lack of experience. The Boilermaker squad went through its last practice Thursday, with a lay-off yesterday. Thursday’s workout consisted of defensive and offensive assignments in dummy
scrimmage.
The Indiana squad, led by Captain Jick Kenderdine, is gunning for a possible tie for second place in the Big Ten, with Ohio State. The Crimson almost lost out against Iowa last Saturday as the Buckeyes outgained and outplayed them, but a field goal in the final minutes of play by center Sparky Miller gave the game to the Hoosiers, 3-0. Music Room To Give Two-Piano Concert Selections hy Bach, Mozart, and DeBussey will be rendered during tomoi row’s two piano concert which will be held at 4 p. m. in the music room of the Union. The artists include the first pianists Virginia Schaupp, West Lafayette high school senior. Miss Edna Remmers, Dorothea Girton, and Mrs. Gertrude Schaupp, mother of Miss Schaupp. Miss Ruth Jamieson, graduate of the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music, will be the second pianist for all of the numbers. Miss Schaupp’s selections are by Bach, as are Miss Girton’s. Miss Remmeis will play some of Mozart's works, while Mrs. Schaupp will render several numbers by DeBussey. Phi Gamma Delta Pledges Phi Gamma Delta social fraternity announces the pledging of Earl J. Crankhite, Jackson Heights, L. I.,
N. y.
Priestley, Novelist,
Critic, To Speak
Novelist, diamatist, essayist, and critic, yet preferring the role of student of world affairs . . such are the better synonyms to describe J. B. Priestley., distinguished English author, whom students will hear| speak on “The American Responsi-,'' bility” at the second lecture convocation of the year, Tuesday at 8 p.m.
m Memorial Gymnasium.
Author of “Dangerous Corners,” “The Good Companions,” “Angel Pavement,” “Midnight on the Desert,” and other publications, Priestley, according to critics, has established a reputation of literary excellence in both Europe and the
United States
Dr. Knight Delivers Welcoming Speech At Guidance Conference “Guidance is no longer a mere hope,” declared Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the University division of education and applied psychology, in opening the second annual twoday Guidance Conference here at the University yesterday morning, with an attendance of more than 100" educators and guidance-interested spectators. By late yesterday afternoon, registration had exceeded 145.
Rainey Speaks
“The need of guidance arises out of the increasing complexity of contemporary life; the rapid tempo of social change; the changing nature of the work process; and the inability of such agencies as the home and the school to meet the needs of youth,” was the way Dr. Homer P. Rainey, director of the American Youth Commission of the American
(Continued on page 4)
No Exponent Sunday Publication of this paper will be suspended on Sunday, November 21. .No paper will be issued Friday, November 26. With those exceptions, publication wUI continue as regularly scheduled until December
18.4!iWUiW
il
|5 r4 hi hit M
THE PURbUE EXPONENT
Saturday, November 20.1937
They Don’t Know What They Want (Washington State Evergreen) In 1932, at the request of the student body, the college administration decided to cut the Thanksgiving vacation from three days to one, and lengthen the spring vacation fiom three days to one week. This was at the request of the entire student body.
Last year, all of the heads of the living groups and the dormitories piomised the administration they would not accept as precedent the action of the Boai d of Regents to grant a two-day vacation in order to tiavel to Seattle to see the UW-WSC football game —if the Regent'- and the college officials ivould grant then leqnest.
The lequest was granted. This week, self-styled campus i epi esentatives, petitioned gioup houses and dormitories to demand from the college administration a Thanksgiving vacation. In their request these petitioners assert; “We realize that we must attend school a certain number of days each yeai. We are willing, therefore, to go to additional classes in June to compensate for those missed during the proposed holiday.” A college year is planned a yeai ahead of the formal school opening. Plans and arrangements cannot be discarded to satisfy mere whims of an unenlightened student body.
Commencement has been planned m order to bring the Governoi to the campus as the guest of honoi, If the date is alteied, he cannot attend.
Final examinations have been scheduled for a certain week in June. The dates cannot be postponed, because the college has entered into an agreement for a State 4-H summer camp session to be held on this campus, with college dormitories to be used for housing.
If a Thanksgiving vacation is granted every year, the spring recess will be shortened to three days.
It is a selfish motive asking to shorten the spring vacation, a time in which all students from truly remote places from this campus return to their homes.
If the Board of Deans, the College Senate and the Board of Regents concede to these signers, who, in the Evergreen editor's beliefs, are not representative of the entire student body, the spring vacation will be shortened.
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
ptosoeiatrd €folUgiate
(Soiled Biardt
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.60
aepnesENTEo for nationau advertisino bv National Advertising Service, Inc. College PubUstiers Representative 420 Madison Ave new York, N Y CHICAGO ■ BOSTON - LOS AHGELES - SAH FRANCISCO MAIN OFFICE 312 N Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
Business Manasrer
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor . . J. E. Brock Associate Editors _ D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager National Advertising Manager Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager
J P. Girard W. J. Gillilan R. R Hensler M. C. Reeves
Editor Associate Editors
CO-ED STAFF Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin Sally McKee
Editor _ Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF R. F. Obenchain . J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. AU unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Issue Editor—Frederick Night l^ditor—Schroeder Saturday, November 20, 1937
It is not without reason to believe that if the student body failed to keep its promise of last year, it will not keep its promise to attend additional classes in June.
By Sally McKee We have heard both pros and cons on the question, “Ai’e Purdue men and women polite ?” Some say “Yes, they hold the door foi young ladies.” Others say “No, they don’t say ‘Thank You’ when you do hold the door for them.” Well, we’re not out to answer the question, but we do have a suggestion for those of you who hold the dooi foi the girls or friends.
When the young lady who walks through your opened door says to you, “Thank you,” don’t show your surprise, if you are surprised, by a grunt in leply. Rather show that you expected politeness in return for politeness and reply “You’re quite welcome,” or “That’s all right” or, if she can see you, a smile may be reply enough. In any case don’t spoil your politeness by an impolite grunt oi careless “yeah,, oi “unhuh.”
By Mary Cooley Two hundred and fifty Beloit College students, two-thirds of them girls, and a number of football players were aboard the fast special Milwaukee Road train which was wrecked at Morton Grove (Chicago) last Sunday night. Only the fireman was seriously injured, but all the passengers on the “Beloit College Football Special” were well shaken up.
A stalled automobile blocking the crossing at Lincoln avenue caused the collision. The train was derailed, the locomotive and tender were overturned, and the first two coaches of the four passengei cars were tipped on their sides.
University of Omaha women students (287 of them) have revealed that each primping co-ed uses 64 minutes of each day to make up hei face and coiffure, according to a recent survey.
In terms of a year, that means 16 days, five hours, and 20 minutes Putting on lipstick demands 45 hours. The financial inquiry exposed the fact that $1.60 for lipstick, $2.30 for face powder, and 50 cents for rouge weie spent annually by the average co-ed.
Struck by the sign “Iron Sinks” in a shop window, a freshman went inside and said that he was well awaie of the fact that “iron sank.”
Alive to the occasion, the smart shopkeeper replied, “Yes, and time flies, but wine vaults, sulphur springs, jam rolls, grass slopes, music stands, Niagara falls, moonlight walks, sheep run, holiday trips, scandal spreads, standard weights, rubber tires, the organ stops, and wire stays—”
But the frosh had reached the door. Befoie slamming it he shouted back, “Yes, I know, and marble busts!”
Pauline A. Rehner, 20-yeai-old junior enrolled in the college of agriculture, is the champion milkmaid at the University of Illinois. At the recent little international livestock show she won the milking contest when she filled her bucket with 12.4 pounds of milk in three minutes.
Drive Safely Today
Penalty Dates
During the present semester there are six penalty dates. They are November 19, 22, 24, 26, from noon December 17 to noon December 18 and January 3. These days represent the 24 hour periods before and after the day of the Indiana vs. Purdue football game. Thanksgiving Day and the Christmas Recess. Executive Memorandum: No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty dates. Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file with the Dean of Men a certified, detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary payment. B^ialty Rule: Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the twenty-four hours (not including Saturday afternoon nor Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the cashier an extra fee of $6.00 for each twentyfour hour period or fraction thereof missed. M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men.
Ponies Put Final Touches On Union Show Tap Routine
By D. R. Vance
Tap, tap, tap—“Wait a minute. All right, now begin again.” These strange sounds coming from the faculty lounge of the Union Building are only indicative of the effort and time being spent by Student Union officials on their Thanksgiving “Black and Tan Fantasy.” “The chorus is coming along in good shape. We’ve been breaking in some new talent and trying out new ideas,” replied Betty Jo and Rufina Sexton, when asked how the chorus was progressinng. Then they had to go back and mark the starting positions with chalk so the chorus could begin then routine again. End man Dick Craig was taking time off from practice to watch the “ponies” rehearse.
SUNDAY — MONDAY
A Porameunl Piclur*
ElEANORE WHITNEY JOHNNY DOWNS LYNNE oyimm TERRY WALKER BENNY BAKER — • LAST DAY • — / Frankie Darro
“Anything for a Thrill” —Plus— “The Phantom of Sante Fe’ 100% Natural Colqr)
Casually glancing about the cam pus yesterday afternoon, assured us of several things: 1. There ain’t many eds about. 2. There ain’t many co-eds about neither. 3. What peoples ain’t went to Bloomington, has went home.
And that dear readers, if there be any, is the campus situation in a nutshell.
Adapting this yere colyum to these conditions, it hardly seems wor);hwhile printing any dirt or anything else pertinent, so we’ll confine the column to “piffle.”
“University Students Buy Ten Tickets For lU Dance.
Some crowd, eh chum ?
However, the Blanket Hop is sort of appropriate considering the snow.
The tickets sell for $1.98 . . . . what IS this ? ... a cut rate job for Don Bestoi ?
Football games sure play heck with political organizations, don’t they, Bill?
PREVUE OF TODAY’S GAME: (Scene on sideline) Senior (petulantly): “I wish they would bring that bucket back once while I was in school. I’d like to see it.” Co-ed companion (scathingly): “You couldn’t see it if they did . . in youi condition.”
No that wasn’t sour your biliousness.
it’s just
There will be two performances of this pioduction, one at 1:45 o’clock next Thursday afternoon and one at 7:45 o’clock that evening. Pat Clinton and his band will furnish the music for this minstiel show. All seats foi both periormances will be reserved, and may be obtained Monday afternoon, beginning at 4 o’clock, at a special desk in the lobby of the Union. The tickets are giatis, and due to the expected big crowd, officials in charge of the show request that students be courteous, and stand in line. One ducat will be given out for each student identification card presented At 3:30 Thursday afternoon, Student Union officials will present a free tea dance in the ballroom of the Union. Pat Clinton will also play for this affair.
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
MEET FILMDOM'S CRAZIEST SLEUTH 1
Sylvia Sidney IN “STREET SCENE” Also Mickey Mouse MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30
The gridiron’s greatest thrills plus Drama and Romance.
VAN HEFLIN MARIAN MARSH Richard Lane Alan Bruce Willie Best
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
“If you’d kiss me like this at home, I wouldn’t be running home to Mother so often!”
Purdue Series
Purdue Purdue Rah Rah Purdue Purdue Rah Rah Hoorah Hoorah Bully for old Purdue! Humpty Dumpty Hoopty Doo What’s the matter with old Purdue Rickety Rackety Rickety Right Old Purdue is out of sight Say What That’s What What’s What That’s what they all say What do they all say Sssssssssssssssssss
LEARN TO DANCE Ballroom Classes Open BEGINNER’S Wed., Nov. 24, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED Friday, Nov. 26, 7:30 p. m. Adult Tap Class Opens Thursday, Dec. 2
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Boom Yea-a-a-a-a-a PURDUE.
ARC
-LAST DAY—
A. COLUMBIA riCTURfi
and
THHOSiBNG THRILLSI
—ALSO— ^Robinson Crusoe” —PLUS— ‘State Police Raid”
SUNDAY — MONDAY “50 Roads tq Town”
“Too Many Wives”
'S A PHIVATE FIGHT • ••biFf you^re invited to the fun!
Just try and keep from screaming ...when Bill gets 'framed'...and Myrna gets 'smacked'... in their maddest, merriest escapade! 'Thin Man' hilarity-doubled!
«»ce'T'
Starts
TOMORROW -. last DAY • — BRIAN AHERNE OLIVIA DEHAVILLAND in “The Great Garrick”
1
}
4ts^smm
'\ Stkiurd^I Htlirdtiilieir 2(it 1937
THE PORDaE EXPONENT
Kiwanis To Give Annual Grid Banqiiel Monday
Layden, Pansier, Elliott, Speakers At Celebration Of Fifty Years Of Football
Purdue’s fiftieth gridiron campaign will be celebrated Monday at the annual Kiwanis Clhb football banquet at 6:30 p. m: in the Memorial Union Building. Members of the squad and coaching staff,'will be guests of honor at this annual gathering.
Main speakers for the evening will include the Hon. Michael L. Fansler,
judge of the Supreme Court of Indiana; Elmer Layden, head football coach at Notre Dame; President Edward C. Elliott, and members of the squad and coaching staff. , Much Experience The speakers represent a wide range of football experience. Judge Fansler played for Notre Dame\^from 1902 to 1904, gaining prominence both as a tackle and as a fullback. Layden was a member of the famous “four horsemen” on the Irish eleven twenty years later. Captain .Martin Schreyer will represent the present day football players. Among theinany features of the evening will be the announcement oL letter awards to members of both
—LEAKING — Water Jackets, Cylinder Heads and Manifolds Repaired. Our Process Guaranteed. ^ Also Welding, Machine Work and Pattern Making. Rettig Engineering Co. Cor. 2nd & Ferry Phone 3782 Geo. P. Rettigr, Purdue M.E. 1910
the varsity and freshman varsity squads, election of the 1938 cap-' tain, and selection of the player who has been most valuable to the team
this year.
Will Fete Seniors Particular tribute will be paid at the banquht to the 16 seniors who will end their collegiate careers at Bloomington today. "The senior group includes Marty Schreyer and Clem Woltman, tackles; Cecil Isbell and Cody Isbell, backs; Don Powell and James^ Zachary, ends; Andy Grant and Woody Knorr, guards; Bob Selby and Lowell Decker, reserve backs;' Joe Fitzgerald, Harry Krause, and Robert Faris, reserve tackles; Andy Botney, i-eserve end, and Albert Klika, reserve guard.
By Bob McDonald TODAY’S THE DAY WE GET THAT BUCKET!! . . . We’ve been waiting for the old water bailer ever since ’34, when lU got it. . . Take it a^^ay from those Bloomington boys. Boilermakers . . .
Come and Enjoy a Real American or Chinese Dinner In the ^Evenings at THE NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia Sti^eet We respectfully invite the members of the fraternities and sororities to have parties at our private dining room.
KISS IMPULSIVELY . . and it’s a new and deeper love . . . in a new, exciting way!
jC&oMol.
w
in their perfect picture
together
HbneffnflO^
Starts
Tomorrow ‘ LUMA
— • LAST DAY • — > BORIS KARLOFF “WEST OF SHANGHAI” —und— CESAR ROMERO “DANGEROUSLY tOURS’
Cn'inson Halfbacks
Paul Graham Frank Filchock Frank Filchock and Paul Graham have been the sparkplugs in the Indiana backfield at the halfback positions. Filchock closes his college football career today and has yet to see the Hoosiers beaten by the Boilermakers.
Because it’s Saturday, an autumn Saturday at that, a few football score predictions are in order ... In secret conclave last night’s sports staff decided the following scores were the most plausible. . . —^fc— Minnesota should down Wisconsin easliy by about 14-0 . . . Ohio Statfe ought to take Michigan 20-0 . . . . Illinois-Chicago, Illinois, 14-0 . . . Notre Dame, 14; Northwestern, 7 . . Nebraska, 26; Iowa, 6 . . . / —fc— Last but not least, our own game at lU this afternoon . .. Blaine Patton of^ the Indianapolis Star picks Purdue . . . Although most of the others favor Indiana, we’ll add our feeble voice to that of Mr. Patton . . Our prediction: Purdue, 14; Indiana 7. —^fc— The frosh footballers wound up practice this week . . . There were 140 men still working out at the finish, which is the largest group that Coach Burnham has had for a whole season in quite some time . . .
WARD BASKETBALL
(Practice games in new Gym) Monday, November 22 COURT 1—
00—Ward 1 vs. Ward 7. 15—Ward 2 vs. Ward 7X. 25—Ward 2X vs. Ward 8. 40—Ward 3 vs. Ward 9.
COURT 2-
00—Ward 4 vs. Wai’d 10. 15—Ward 5 vs. Ward lOX. 25—Ward 6 vs. Ward 11. 40—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 2.
COURT 3—
00—Ward IIX vs. Ward 14. 15—Ward 11A vs. Ward 17. 25—Ward 12 vs. Cary Hall 4. 40—^Ward 13 vs. Cary Hall Annex. 40—Cary Hall 3 vs. Ward IIB.
TOUCHBALL
Monday, November 22 Field 3—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Chi —BJ^er-Billings. 5—Phi D^a Theta vs. Phi Kappa Tau—Captain-Juillard. 7—Theta Chi vs. Sigma Chi —Leppla-Smithson.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY ^ East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
For Thanksgiving have us clean and press that suit or dress and give thanks that it wasn’t necessary to buy a new one to wear to the IndianaPurdue game. You will want to look fit and an American cleaned suit will do the trick. Phone 3085 For Service and Workmanship AMERICAN UUNDRY
a
Wiii/t, Or Won HU, Snow For Game? By The Roving Reporter We can’t miss ... its bound to be one or the other. If it doesn’t warm up for the I. U. game, it’ll stay cold. Such superhuman logic is derived from the facts that (a) The University’s Assistant Weather Observer, T. H. Hill, last night came to the moentous conclusion that since the wind had changed from a northerly breeze to a gentle zepher from the southeast, the climate would change shortly, and for the better; And (b) the official U. S. weather report, as obtained from the airport, statedthat the weather this afternoon would be cloudy and continued cold. So take your pick; and if you’re at all like the rest of the teamfollowers, you’ll not only pick (a)—you’ll pray for it! Snow Causes Postponing Of Chicago Hockey Fieid Day Until December 4th Because of the snow and bitter cold prevalent in Chicago yesterday, the Hockey Field Day, which was to have been held there starting yesterday, under the auspices of the University of Chicago WAA, was postponed. December 4 has been chosen as a tentative date for the event, during which selected Univei’sity co-eds will meet rival teams from other colleges. The hockey team was scheduled to play Michigan and Iowa teams
today.
Sportswwheii Atard Class Numerals To Co-eds Who Excelled In Oatdoor Sports Under the super'vision of members of the Sportswomen’s Club, class numerals were awarded yesterday evening at the WAA Sports Spread to those co-eds who had won a total of 100 points in various fall sports. The annual affair was held in the WAA cabin. ^The Sports Spread was the climax of women’s outdoor fall sports. Interest from now on will center on indoor activities, try-out announcements already having been sent out for ping-pong, riflery, fencing, and shuffle-hoard. Volley ball will start November 23, and a volley ball tournament under the direction of Barbara Roderick has been planned for
December 3.
Girls who received class numerals are: freshmen—Betty Beaudry, Lela Gabler, Evelyn Heeter, Dorothy Holden, Jane Horne, Marilyn McKnight, Betty Morehouse, Mary Reimawn, Bette Smith, Jane Stickler, Louise Thomas, sophomores — Sally Bouton, Mary Holtman, Mary Macher, Betty Spears; juniors—Janet Major, Willetta Rey; seniors—Louise Banta* Virginia Waklam.
Campus-Togs OVERCOATS For Young Men $19.75 to $35.h0 ROSENTHAL’S 322 Main St.
We have Wright’s Spun Aluminum Individual Cheese Sets, Fruit Baskets, Bun Warmers, Candy Bowls and many other articles. Purchase a new, smart, beautiful Christmas ^ift. You ought to see them. H. G. “Deac” REISNER Book Store
BETTER HEALTH FOR OUR BOYS AND girls .. . PROTECT THEM AGAINST TUBERCULOSIS, THE DISEASE THAT STILL LEADS AS A CAUSE. OF DEATH BETWEEN 15 AND 25 BUY and USE CHBISTMAS SEALS Tha NotjonaL Slot*, and Ineal *Tnitiri fUmtli.Vi '' '-i\
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
All America Ratings -ByCHRISTYWALSH-J Wind, rain, snow and acres of muddy soil provide a disagreeable backgi'ound for current ratings in the All America sweepstakes. The players in all sections were obliged to wear long cleats aiid soggy uniforms and demonstrate their grit and versatility under the worst playing conditions of the year. Despite this fact, many football stars slipped and scintillated through sheets of rain, in several instances exhibiting the best form of the season—adversity of any kind being an inspiration rather than a hindrance to a candidate worthy of All-Amer-ica consideration. With the naming of IQ more players, nominations will close for the 1937 lineup and the All America Board will be ready to deliberate. Meanwhile, Cards of Merit go to the following:
HARTLINE. ..Army. ..Center. .. Notre Dame gained 226 yards, Army gained 90. Notre Dame made six devastating drives to the 5 yard line, 2 yard line, 16 yard line, 1 yard line, 3 yard line and 3 inch line— and yet Army held the assault to a single touchdown. Such impenetratable defense, seldom witnessed before, is characterized by one word—HARTLINE. SIMS. Georgia Tech. Quarterback. This 180 pound field general is every inch an AllAmerica player, according to Ed Danforth, Atlanta Georgian. "He directed a flawless game against Alabama,” wires Danforth, "gaining 112 yards overland in 38 |attempts, tliree times as much as the whole • Alabama rushing attack combined. Sims repeatedly punted accurately out of bounds to hold the Crimson Tide to a 7 to 0 victory. In my opinion he was a genuine All American, in both mental and physical performance.” COLWELL. Yale. Fallback. Two spec-tator-experts, members of undefeated Fordham, vouch for Colwell’s Card of Merit and shower him with praise for the finest kicking exhibition of the season despite rain and wind of storm proportions. It is the ruthless blocking of this superior kicker that explains much of Yale’s undefeated record. P08TAER. DePaul. Halfback. George Melinkovich, Notre Dame’s one time star, cannot resist the urge to boost a hustler, as follows: "Postaer is an outstanding player removed from the glare of big-time publicity but possessing qualities which could land him in the upper eleven, if supported by stronger teammates and a schedule of major importance. Against South Dakota State, this big Chicago halfback scored a touchdown from a pass, ran 71 yards to a second score, and played a remarkable game
Clarified Ads
Have you something to buy, sell or find? If so, you need no longer travel all the way over to the Exponent office in Lafayette. Anyone wishing to place a classified ad may now do so at the desk in the Memorial Union Building. Ads must be handed in not later than 6 p. m. in order to appear in the next morning’s Exponent.
in backing-up the line. He is a fine runner, good passer and first-ra.te kicker. JOHNSON. Washington. End. Squeezed out of last week’s rating, despite his great play against California, Dick Johnson, thanks to his insistent advocate. Royal Brougham, Seattle Post-Intelligencer, receives a Card of Merit and designation as one of the West’s finest ends. In tying C^ifornia and overwhelming U. C. L. A., Washington owes much to this fast, durable, intelligent wingman who made more tackles than any other player on the field. WOLF. Ohio State. Center. Recommended personally by one of the Veteran coaches of the Middle West, Wolf earns a Card of Merit for his great work against Illinois. As co-captain he played a consistent, heady, and tireless game, leading in victory against a gallant team which had stopped powerful Northwestern the week before. Wolf is a senior and regarded in his hometown as an outstanding factor in a superior line. His anonymous recommender concurs with the homefolks. FITZGERALD. Chicago. End. A veteran Big Ten scout, likewise requesting anonymity, points to Fitzgerald as one of the best ends in the Western Conference. Finding himself on a mediocre team, this fiery and inspiring youngster has nevertheless fought like a champion and been the outstanding Maroon performer in nearly every game. Taken by surprise a week ago, Chicago’s shock troops were over-run by a weaker Beloit, and might well have been defeated but for the driving attack of the regulars, inspired by Fitzgerald. DADDIO. Pittsburgh. End. Playing the all-important position of end under the Warner system, this cracker-jack wing has not only amazed press and public on every start but has received .special commendation from the founder of the system. Pop Warner himself. "An end in any system,” says Coach Warner, “has to take on awful beating, in addition to carrying out the intricate details of his assignment, both on offense and defense. I know of no end in college football today whom I would select over Daddio.” BENTON. Arkansas. End. David Bloom, Memphis Commercial Appeal, wires as follows: "Cannot recommend too strongly Jim Benton, Arkansas end, for All America consideration. Undoubtedly one of the best pass receivers in the country and outstanding as a blocking end. Tough to budge on defense. Stands 6 feet 3 inches tall, weighs nearly 200 pounds, but quick as a kitten. He caught six passes against Ole Miss.” MEEK. California. Quarterback. A- veteran observer of Pacific Coast football lists this 210 pound signal caller as the best blocker on the Pacific Coast. Meek backs up the line and not only reads the plays well back there, as far as bucking and running attacks are concerned, but he also is very active on pass defense. His sense of strategy and the confidence he puts into his teammates under fire, accounts in a very large degree for California’s best football team since the days of Andy Smith. (Copyright 1937)
(Continued from page 1)
the Victory Bell theft on Monday morning things really began to pop. Students frantically ran from classroom to classroom, calling for a huge mass meeting that afternoon and transforming sedate classes into miniature pep sessions. Somebody spoke of arranging for ten boxcars to take the aroused students to Bloomington for a mass attack and the recovery of the bell. Later in the day came an announcement that the bell had been found near Wingate. Ah Ha ! Revenge Is Sweet Some still talked of an avenging invasion of Bloomington, but some strategist suggested a grand coup— the return of the bucket. The trophy was on its way to an Indiana alumni banquet at Indianapolis, and in view of the frenzied demonstration going on in Bloomington the recipient might be persuaded that the student body had sent a delegation for the bucket. On Tuesday 15 upperclassmen from Purdue, plastered with Indiana stickers and further disguised with a slightly alcoholic breath, accosted this individual and respectfully demanded the bucket for display at their victory dance in behalf of the Indiana student body. The unsuspecting victim cheerfully surrenderer the bucket to the psuedo-Indiana students, who calmly walked away with their coveted prize. Finally Returned After 11 days of heckling between the two schools, the bucket was left on the shipping platform of the Journal-Courier by an elderly, unidentified man. When the man left the package no one was aware of its contents, and he was allowed to leave unmolested. Upon opening the package, the bucket and letter appendages were found intact, still carefully crated as it was when it started on its eventful trip toward Bloomington— the day it disappeared. Now the time has come for us to see that it is returned to our campus fair and square. The day of retribution has finally arrived. That bucket must come back!
They Feel as Fine as They Look One reason Crown pressed clothes feel so comfortable is because they are Form-prest. This type of pressing is very popular with particular dressers. ALL WOOL GARMENTS ARE MOTH PROOFED BY MONITE PROCESS WHEN CLEANED AT CROWN.
NE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
Pep And Energy
mzmi
From Milk
WINTER AND SUMMER ATHLETES CALL
MILK
SUNSHINE FARMS
PHONE 5015
Dr. Knii (Continued from page 1)
Council on Education, stated his opinions regarding the “Problem of (jruidance Today,” in addressing the morning session. Arthur Campbell, superintendent of the Anderson schools, presided. Cody Speaks At Banquet Approximately 150 attended the banquet in the Union ballroom yesterday evening, at which Prank Cody, superintendent of schools at Detroit, Mich., spoke on “The Responsibility of the Public Schools in the Field of Guidance.” According to Cody, “guidance is the most important job the public schools do.” He went on to state that “after all is said and done, guidance is an intensely human problem.” This morning’s meeting will be presided ov'er by Miss Helen Dernbach, director of Educational Guidance at School City of South Bend, and is scheduled for 9:30 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. The conference will adjourn at noon today.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
FOR RENT—Modern sleeping room for two students. Inquire 725 N. Main street. West Lafayette. Phone 7372.
LOST—Perhaps in West Lafayette postoffice; brown bill fold with Sigma ■ Nu crest containing papers valuable only to owner. Finder will please call 2401. No questions asked.
FOR RENT Modern sleeping
CHILDREN’S DANCING CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, NOV. 27 Ballet and Tap Classes ' ENROLL NOW ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
otcd£At Victor Release
• 25705 yiENI, VIENI ^ HANDFUL OF KEYS Benny Goodman Quartet • 25704 ICASHCLO’ES SWING LIGHTLY Larry Clinton’s Orchestra • 25703 THE MORNING AFTER I MAY BE WRONG Tommy Dorsey’s Orchestra
• 25702 WHEN THE ORGAN PLAYED “OH PROMISE ME” TEN PRETTY GIRLS Guy Lombardo and Royal Canadians
^fwHicerdi
McLean Music Co.
MAIN ST.
LAFATBTTB
room, with or without board, for ^wo students. 401 State. Across from campus.
LOST—Silver charm bracelet in Grill Thursday., Return to Betty Jane Darr, WRH. Reward.
STUDENT LAUNDRY — Phone 75162. Experienced hand, flat, ironr er. Call for prices. Shirts 10c.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Conditional Students ^ Examinations for the removal of conditions in ME 81 and ME 61 win be given December 4 at 1 p.m. in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Buildilig. Any student wishing to take this test must see me before November 27. —MESSERSMITH.
Prom and Gala Week Committees: Secure petitions at 'Senate office, room A 4 to 6 p. m. until November 23. —ELLIOTT.
WAA Hockey Conference: (Jirls going to Chicago November 20 for conference meet in Women's Gym at 11 a. m. Saturday. —BRADY.
CE 6 and CE 10 (Camp): Examinations for the removal of conditions will be held in CE 101 December 4 at 1 p. m. Get permits in CE 102 before December 1. —TODD.
Hydraulics (C.E. 41): An'examination for the removal of 0 grades will be given in Room 203, Civil Engineering Building, on
Siolilrdciy, Noy ember 20v 1937
November 27th, from 1 to 4 ,p. m. Students who intend to take the examination should notify the 'undersigned prior to November - —GREVE. Bowlers: There will be no merchant’s league bowling November “Jl. —GARTEN.
Pi Tau Sigma: Pledges get cycles Sunday at 1016 First street. —HARVEY.
—PKECHTER. WSAA Announcing Staff: Meeting at 7 :30 , m. November 23 in Union. No picture. —WILLIAMS.
Fencers; No practice November 19. Want complete team out November 22, in the Fieldhouse. - —ZWIEG.
Ushers and Police: Students who worked at football games may get their pay at the 'Ticket Office in the north end of Purdue Hall. —SANDERS.
Co-eds: Shuffle Board and Ping Pong call-outs November 30 at 4 ;00 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Sign up on the bulletin board. Everyone interested please come. ' —BLANK.
Reamer Club: Important meetiing November 22 at 8 p. m. in the Union Building. Every member must be present. —ROSS.
Union Show: 'Will all the members of the cast and Pat Clinton’s band please report to the ballroom at 8 p. m. November 22. —TAYLOR.
WBAA Staff: Meeting November 24, at 7 :80 p. m. in room B of the Union Building. . —WILLIAMS. Society of .Automotive Engineers: Important meeting November 22 at 4 p. m. in room 3 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. —VANDERFORD.
«the Pursue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue
Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic SR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 ■/[ Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 —■ Jewelry -— R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. G. EISENBACH JeWeler and Optometrist p*' 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well., Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Oi^osite Post Office ■:—Florist--^
Hardware
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowera Mai|i at 7th Phone 6050
, CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432
Jiojth ^JoAMAi Inc.. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955—8050
• Printing-
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
^Office Slelldneiy Wedding Invilelloni
PHONE - Seles Book., Etc.... 2 6 2 3 CASSEL’S 4o«FERRy
EVERYTHING IN. HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
Beauty Studio
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727 —Furniture —■ Student Equipment £eiqk JuumituM 00. 426 Columbia St. Phone 2728 —~ Confectionery — ' Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glotz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sta, -—Taxi Service — The Thinking Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 ford TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of city 5023—Phqnes—3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Dine
*>INE dance AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 af Lindbergh Road — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP — Locksmith —
“C” CARTER for ’S' M Scissor Grinding New L.C.N. and Norton Door Checks Open Evenings Ph. 2291 Stale-Main, W. L. P. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock eervlee our uc.N.»«Ta£: Dietribvtom 209-211 N. 5th St, Phone 2828,