Publish!^ Daily By Students Of Purdue University
iii^B
LAgAYEtTa, mPlAl^A, SATUllMy^ MARCH 14, 1936
Charles Carll To Address SDX Meeting Prdimrient^ Leader T Lninn Wednesday Charles Gafll, prominent newspaper leader and city editor of the Indianapolis Times, will speak at an open meeting of Sigma Delta Chi, in the reception room of the Memorial tinion Building WednesT day evening at 7 sSO o’clock. a native Hoosier, has been on the Times staff for about nine years. Before that time, he was connected with the United Press. Officers of Sigma Delta Chi annoimced that the “Bobk-ofAhe-Month” prize for the best article in the various campus publications, will b^e awarded at the meeting. All contributions for the contest shoidd be turned in immediately to any member of the organization.
Cast Of Student (Production
Gold Peppers Dance Friday pick Hartcni T® Play For Co-ed Bid Affair. Dick Hartom and his band, featuring the Benny Goodman "swing” will play for the annual Gold Pepper dance, a co-ed bid affair, to be held in the Union Building on Friday, March 20. Pledges to Gold Pepper, senior co-ed honorary, wUl be announced at the dance. Tickets, priced at one dollar, are On sale at all sorority houses. Women’s Residence Hall, Union deskj and Southworth’s. Mary Ann Phillips is in charge of the ticket sales. Hartom and his band are frOm the University of Illinois fend have played in Chicago, Champaign, Danville, and several other places. Chaperones for the evening will include Dean Dofothy C. Stratton, Miss Helen Schleman, and the housemothers of the varioUs soror
ities.
Last Day To Drop Courses Gancellati©!! Cards Obtaiuable From Depart-
meiital Heads
Students desiring to cancel any course without grade must do so before noon today. Special cancellation cards are obtainable at the ofidees of the heads of departments, These must be signed by the head of the school, and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards must then be filed at the registrar’s office and new schedule cards filled out. Courses cancelled after this date; will automatically
receive a grade of F.
HarciM Jacklin lejiired In Fall Harold Jacklin, freshman engineering student and son of Prof. H. M. Jacklin, of the school of me chaUical engineering, was injured at Indianapolis Thursday afternoon when he slipped and fell 12 feet down an elevator shaft. A party of University engineering students were making an inspection tOur of factories under the direction of Prof. Jacklin at the time of the accident. He was taken to St. Vincent hos pital, where he is suffering from back injuries and concussion. Xrays, taken yesterday, revealed no broken vertibrae as had been fear- . ed at first. He will probably be in the hospital for several days.
PIA Nominations
Due March
Petitions for the nominfetion of candidates to PlA ofidees naust be sighed by 25 members of PIA and given to Nelly Harris, co-ed execUUve ih the independent office, hot later than noon, Sfeturday, March 21. Aspirants for offices other than the presidency must have been actively engaged in PIA #ork for at least one year. Presidential nom inOe must be juniors and have been
active for two years.
All nominees must be approved by the PI A board and the dean of men. The Independent elections will
be held on April 8.
CAKMITA TICKETS Tickete for “Garmita”, Student Union musical comedy, will be on sale at the Mars Theatre all day today and tonight, Admission price for the matiiiee is 40 cents, no seats reserved, evening performance, reserved seats, 35 and 50 cents. Curtain time: matinee, 1:30 p. m.; eve-
ning, 8 p. m.
Grain Men Plan School A commercial grain school will start here next Wednesday under the direction of Prof. F. E. Robbins, of the University agronomy department. About 65 grain inspectors are expected to attend the dpnference -Which is under the joint sponsorship of the University and the Indiana Grain Dealers’ Association. ^ Meetings are to consist of laboratory work only, the purpose of which is to provide training in grading corn, oats, wheat, and soybeans. The group -will also study damaged grains, moisture tests and the new grading standards. E. P. Johnson, of St. Louis, Mo, ■Will speak on soybeans. W. B. Combs, of the federal grain supervisor’s staff in Chicago, and C. A. Russell, of Indianapolis, will assist Professor Robbins.
Short Gourse Terminates ReOord Ag Glass Re-, eeives Certificates At Closiiig Exercises Certificates signifying successful completion of the annual eight weeks’ winter course in agriculture at the University were awarded yesterday morning by President E. C. Elliott to 153 studente at formal exercises held in Agricultural Hall. The principal address at the closing exercises -was delivered by Professor T. A. Coleman, assistant director of the department of agricultural extension, on “The PUf due
Man”.
; Largest Clase Since 1915 Included among the 163 "graduates” of the largest -winter Course class since 1916 were 40 students in animal husbandry, 43 in general agriculture, 45 in dairy mfenufactureSj and 26 in dairy production. The music for the exercised -was provided by the Winter Course Orchestra, directed by Prof. F. E. Robbins, while David C. Mills, of Union City, a sttidOnt in general agriculture, played a piano sOlb.
Ferformance^ l:30iEvening Show Begins At S O’clock
More than 5() students will make their appearance on the stage of the Mars Theatre this afternoon and tonight when the curtain goes up bn ‘‘‘Garmita”, tousical cbmedy produced by the Student Union. Although there has been a large advance tick^ sale, there are sMll some good reserved seats available. The matinee opens] —■ ' . —,.====?■
at 1:30 o’clock and the evening performAnbe begins
promptly at 8 o-cloek.
Members of the cast in-
clude:
W. R. Shuttleworth, P. C. Ahrens, Pritzi Walkey, Louise Hanley, Ruth G;rimm, J. Martindz, ■yirginia ' Meguiar, Mary Light, Mary J^iend, BS. S. Wright, H. Brenman, G. ClaypoOl, X. Mueller, and j. Fi Brubaker^ Bpeci^ty Ntambers: Jane Allen, Marion Eearheily, Betty Ann Plorer, Louise BurklCi Elizabeth Hayes, and Francisco Trapaga,
Chorus
Ensemble Chorus: Jeanne Hunter, Barbara Gibbs,, Margaret Jones, Marian Lennox, Margaret LittlO, Beth McCoolj Jean Mbhhsen, June S-be-wart, Mary Cimig, Rosemary Skinner, Ann SteCkeb Martha Smithj Maxine Petefs, J. A. COd(Continued on page 4)
Today Deadliiie For 'Ordering Debris
Morgan Will Speak At Ag Education Meeting Dr. C. L. Morgan, of the education department, will be the principal speaker at the next meeting of the committee on methods teaching of the ag^ricultural staffs, which -Will be held on Wednesday evening, March 26, in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. At the meeting, Which -will be open to ail interested. Dr. Morgan will discuss "The Psychology Learning As It Applies to Teaching in, College”.
Sales for the 1936 Debris will close this afternoon at 6:30 o’clock. The Debris ofiice will be open all day to take the orders of students who -wish to purchase a yearbook, which is priced at 6 dollars. A down payment on the book will not be necessary.
Hiner-SIianklin The marriage of Miss Peggy Hiner, ex-’87, of Lafayette, and Fred Shanklin, ’34, Frankfort, will be solemnized this morning at 10:30 at the Central Presbyterian chutch of this city. The bride is a member of Kappa Alpha Theta, the groom of Beta Theta Pi. Attendants to the bride will be Anna Margaret Ross Alexander, matron of honor, Betty Hiner, Arleen Marshall, Lela Mason, and Marjorie Poor, bridesmaids.
AIEF T© Hear Lecture On Bridge Building Prof. C. A. Ellis, of the cml engineering school, -will discuss “Bridge Construction” befoVe a meeting of the local branch of the A. I. E. E. Wednesday evening in room 264 of the EE Building. Prof. Ellis is a consultant for the Golden Gate bridge and is considered one of the foremost structural engineers in the United States.
W. W. WINTER ARRESTED ON AUTO PERMIT CHARGE William W. Winter, junior electrical engineer and a member Phi Kappa PSi fraternity, was one of three persons arrested in checkup on driver’s licenses and automobile lights ibade by the West Lafayette state police on the levee between 8 ahd 9:30 o’clock last eve ning, according to the state police Winter was charged -with di'iving without an operator’s license, J. D. Warner, 26, from the Medaryville CCG Gamp, and Hiram G. Ferdinand, 29, Reynolds, were also arrested. Warner on a charge of reckless driving and Ferdinand on a charge of operating a truck without clearance lights. Several other persons were ordered to repair their lights to meet state specifications.
Wesley FoUudatiou Holds Open House Party Members of the WeSley Foundation entertained their, friends at a St. Patrick’s Day pafty at the Foundation House last night. A program, games and refreshments carried out the idea of the Saint’s holiday. Muriel Plank and Dora May Patterson were in charge of the arrangements for the occasion. The Foundation -will present the three-act play, “The Alabaster Box” at the Christian church tomorrow evening at 8 o’clock. Those in the cast are Ruth Renfroe, Ruth Reeder, Paul Girard, James Ludberg, Sam Martin, and Warren Gabler.
Dr. Ralph Marshall Davis, pastor of the Church of the Covenant, Erie, Pa., who will be the speaker before the. University religious convocation tomoirow morning at 10:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall.
Woodson To Get Degree Thomas T. Woodson, of Indianapolis, Ind., who received his bachelor of science degree in electricai engineering ftom the University in 1932, will receive a master of science degree in electrical engineering from Ohio State University at its -winter quarter convocation on March 20, according to word received here.
‘‘MELLERDRAMMER” FOR
DINERS TOMORROW Phi Kappa Psi fraternity will en-
tertain diners in the Union cafeteria with a stark, staring "mellerdrammer” of the -wild west, at 6:30 tomorrow evening, -sirritten by L. B. Challis. G. W. Martin, L. K^. Raftree and N. E. Hayes have the loading roles. In addition to this show, there -will be several individ-
ual stunts.
Legioii PDst Plaitts, WBAA Broailcast In commemoration of the seventeenth anniversary of the American Legion, the local post -will present a special broadcast over WBAA tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 from Jefferson high school g^nasium. This program is a forerunner to the national broadcast which will
be made Tuesday.
Dt. A. R. Killian, state commander and member of the local post, will deliver the principal ad.dress. A Varied musical program has befen arranged including several selections by the Jefferson high school band. The entire program is open to the general public. YWCA Opeu Today For Opera Broadcast Y. W. C. A. will enable all co-eds to listen to the regular matinee broadcast of the Metropolitan Opera Company starting at 12:55 this afternooni The organization recent ly purchased a radio for the officeand hopes to acquaint the co-eds with worthwhile radio features. The office has been open twice during
such programs
Yale Professor To Talk At Forestry Banquet "The Profession of Forestry”, will be the subject for an address by Prof. H. H. Chapman, professor of forest management at Yale University and former member of the U. S. Foreet Service, at the annual Forestry club banquet, Friday March 20, in the Home Economics Building at 6 o’clock. Prof. Chapman -will also be guest of honor at a luncheon of University, officials to be held the same evening. Saturday he -will attend a smoker at the home of Prof. B. N. Prentice, head of the forestry de-
partment.
Honorary
es
At Annual Ball Danoihg to the music of Ace BfigOde and his Virginians, nefetlj^ 300 Couples attended the anntaail SOphohioH Cotillion laM: night ih the ballroom of the Memorial Utt-
ioh Building.
Preceding the grand march, pledges of Skull and Grescent -were announced, They are: L. Y. Askrehs, J. W. Bailey, S. L. Bro-wn, R. H. Buck, 'if. D.: Cabonar|ri» R* R* Bean, T. K. Dickinson, J, T. Doan, P. W. Eckstein, B. Edwards, W. R. Fenstemaker, W. F, Garten, W. Greenis, J. R, Hammerstadt, L. S. Hardin, R. R. Hensler, C. M. , D. 0. Rowkihson, J. H. Jacobi, d, E. Lang, R. M. Lemeh, C. S. Meier, W. K. MillhoUand, R. t. Monrad, R. B, Nichols, K. E. O’Neil, W. A. Reed, J. M. Rudolph, R. JvRuth, D. R. Shoemaker, F. A. Smith, % D. Stepath, C. W. Sulli■van, J. 'Taylor, G. 'tredwell, D. R. Vance, W. C. White.
Tickets Go On SiJe Monday Tickets for “Behold This Dreamer”, a) satiric comedy by Fulton Oursler, will go on sale at 4 o’clock Monday at, the , Fla^hoR id^et booth in the Union lobby. The bimib triu be open each ironing fimm 4 Until 6, at which rime reserimd coupon holders may obtain their reservations. The first performance of this production wm be given Friday, at 8 o’clock, in Duncan Memorial Hall. A Second performanOe be given at the same time On the fdUowing
night.
A full cast of experienced dramatists promise to make this produotion one of the best in the dramariO history of the University.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING— Lambda Iota of Phi Gamma Delta announces the pledging of Robert B. Coen, South Bend, and Eugene H, DuBal, Dayton, O.
Walker Talks At Seminar On Sugar' Beet E:$periment ' The Decathr sugar beet experiment field was the general topic discussed by G. P. Walker, associate professor of soils in the agrbnomy department and director of outlring experiment fields, in a talk before the Agronomy Seminar yssterday afternoon in Agricultural Hall. Methods of fertilization of sugar beets, which ai'e being carried on at the Central Sugar Company, were stressed in the talk.
Lost Cliaiice Today For Pff om Applicatioiiis Applicarion for tickets to the Junior Promenade may stiU be made at the Student Senate office today from 4 until 5:30, according to an announcement nmde last night by John VanNatta, chainnau of ticket sales. Payment for the tickets must be made at the cashier’s office in University HaH on or before 12:30 o’clock next Saturday,
March 21.
University Band Wffl Give Concert Mareli 22 Members Of the University band will play a concert on Sunday, March 22 at 2:00 o’clock in the Jefferson High School gymnasium. In keeping -with a previous policy, the band -will open its concert playing the Class A high school contest number, "The Universal Judgment,” Dvorak’s Symphony Number Five in E minor, “From The New World,” will also be featured on the program.
NO MIXER TONIGHT
Because of the presentarion of "Carmita,” there -will be no weekly mixer in the Memorial Union Balh-oom tonight, aecording to Union officials last night.
;>,1
'4 ■■ ' I'S n' K’- ’ ■’;! ■ I j' 'sM'Mtattbw «t H&tioira! C®lleire P»e® A88oe5atiolB, . Bte ,T0ii J^teri«l A88<W«tfc»i» Bsdairiwljr BepseaenM fty Nsttosirf A(^ertteto£Serrfee, Ine. ' ■426 MadSsoa Avemae, New York C5&y
StiteiedsAB aecoad elaes matter at the poet office, Lafaye^, Indiana, ttelivca^ by 1, $8^0)^ year: deUvered by carrier. $2.60 per year; sold by aingle copy. 2 eenta.
■ulU.
Boaih^a Phone 60SS
MAIN OPEICB—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 5087
DaMy Stmdent Pmblicatiom of PuirdHi^ University:.
Bditor-in-Chief-Manasins Eid^r..
Associate Editors..
Sports Editor..
.A^ociate Sports Editors.. Bopbomore Assistants
. G. Harper, Jr.,
Bold and Black Editor^.....—
BBITOKIAB STAFF „ « .H. V. Heuser „C. H. Campbell A. M. Chasteen, <3. M. Hardin, W. T, Hunt, E. H. Morris, M. ,G. Walther ...N. E, Hays
L. D “
..D. F. Mull, E. a Walpole,.
_ Wood
.£ A. Barnett^'J. E. Brock, A, H. Formter, E. P. Manion, 0. L. Sadle^, E. C, Schenk, J. B. von Harz
.Wo E, Abbott
BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manaeer.. Advertising Manager.. Advertising Assistants.. Circulation Man^cer..... Circulation Assistants.-
........W, A. Koch
..H. F. Antonini tV H. Brown, E. Creek, D. O. Miller ^ ....E. J. Hulse ..J. G. Girard, G. E. Shields
WOMEN’S STAFF
EditorAssociate Editors..
. Joyce Williams
.Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann
Saturday, March 14, 1936.
Issue Editor-—Eo P. Maialon.
Biisiness Cydes And Eegiiieers During the past few years, the word “depression” has become so integrally interwoven in our daily life that no one engaged in commercial dealings has been able to disregard this clogging of the>^conomic and monetary machinery. Theorists in the social sciences and statisticians of no little worth have set down their interpreta,tions of the causes and effects that compose the f undamentals in the constant fluctuation of
tive living oil the part of the majority. Most of the writers would link up the causes for recovery with our complicated money and credit structure, but others link the break in the downward trend te inventions, a new discovery, or some dy-
namic up the economic traflic jam. Charles F. Kettering, vice president of General Motors, hewed to a similar line recently when he spoke before the members of five engineering societies after receiving the Washington award, an annnual recognition aw^ded for “ac
comfort, and well being of humanity’ “Eesearch engineers and not the banker nor the economist hold the key to American prosperity,” he said. “The depression cost billions of dollars, yet a billion dollars a year would keep 600 research laboratories open” . . . and their products
CARMITA worries t Will the absent toinded professor appear sans trousers (he Wears .red. flanadsl). . Will Fritzi aptly portray a flirt (why not?). . . . Will Louise Hanley lose her voice ? ? ? ;.. Will Fuller keep off the . stage and give the players a chance?' The “goon” takes the pair of MARS passes and niay pick them up at high noon at the Union desk. “Did my father leave an order with you foir wood?” “I don’t know, Miss. A man named Zell ordered a load of wood.” ‘*¥08, that’s right. I’m Gladys
Zell.”
“What?” “I’lhi Gladys Zell.” “Oh, yes. Of course. So am I... —Illini. Lee Purcell, in interviewing the General Electric representatives, was overheard making this remark: . . and do you hire women?” Which goes to show that everything Counts. . . . . The Prom Committee inyestigates all situations whereby girls buy the tickets. If you’re trying to pull a fast one ... like trading dates afterwards—DON’T. Caustic publicity will result. DID .YOU SEE .^,;. • Peggy Josselyn kissing Bud Bryant in front of the library . . . she didn’t notice the audience or the bright lights. And in a couple of weeks she’ll be shuffling off to that Buffalo man. PLASH . . . Jajme Bennewitz is not wearing the pin she is supposed to be secretly wearing, or did you know? ??
Famous Purdue Alumni
Not many students would guess that one of Harold Bdr W^^hife novels concert Uniyefeily gmd; uate, nor that the man who built
the longest railway tunn'4^^^^^^^
be of any interest to them. In fpct few are aware of the many outstanding aOcoinplishments and suc-
cesses of Purdue alumni.
Since the school’s establishment in 1874, degrees have been issued to approximately 15,006 students. A check of alumni files has shown that about seventy-two per cent of Purdue’s graduates are engaged in work in the particularfield in which they were trained.
tudes may argue to eternity the worth of their respective theories, but the value of research in technical fields for bringing out unused suiTilpses in a period of economic strain can hardly be disputed.
There are only four letters of the alphabet not now in use by the Administration. When we establish the Quick Loans Corporations for Xylophones, Yachts, and Zithers, the alphabet will be exhausted.—Herbert Hoover (from Reader’s Digest). Behold The Wood-Carvers A dozen veterans stand along the wall. Some have broken anns, missing legs, and unsightly scars. For years, they have carried the weight of the younger generation on their sturdy legs, yet they are being retired one by one without even honorable mention. - A scene in a veteran’s hospital? No, merely the way a row of chairs in University Hall looks after years of struggle with^the Boileimaker woodcarving brigade. Their appearance is mute evidence of the carelessness of some students . . . mute evidence of the presence of students who do not wish to confine their wood-carv-ing talents to the workshops . . . mute evidence of the presence of students with sailorish ii^tincts who tattoo everything in sight . . . and, above all, an indication of the presence of students who wish to leave their names or initials to be handed down through posterity.—^A. M. C.
Indiana’s Coach Dean was stopped by Lafayette police and tagged for speeding. Well, that’s not the first nor the last time he’ll be stopped in Lafayette.
Soaking The Poor By R, A. Hoff,
taxes—^the consumer foots the bill. Strangely enough, the way in which the consumer shall foot the bill presents a bigger problem to the state collecting the tax than to the consumer who pays. A sales tax is levied on articles at the time of purchase from a retailer. The amount of tax is fixed at a definite percentage of the retail value of the article (usually one to three per cent). Since the smallest coin in circulation is one cent, the method of fair payment presents a problem. Some oti the twenty-six states now using the sales tax, as a means of obtaining general revenue, issue script in the form of cardboard disks valued in mills to be used for payment of the tax. The inconvenience of handling fractional Script, which is not legal tender, is the main cause of complaint from
tice of charging a one cent minimum tax on all purchases. It is difficult for the state to check closely on the amount of taxable goods being sold. So the unscrupulous merchant pockets some of the tax money. At times the states have received only forty per cent of the tax money estimated as collectable. A sales tax properly enforced is, indeed, based accurately upon the amount of money being spent. But if the tax is levied on foodstuffs and other essentials, isn’t that “soaking the poor” ?
The announcement that a company manager in Czechoslovakia has his office on a moving elevator to facilitate management on various floors of the factory must make our local experts green with envy. Such weather! It is a nice day today, wasn’t it?
“The Winning of Barbara Worth” which became a popular novel at the time of its publication, was based on the work of a Purdue engineer who diverted the flood Waters of the Colorado River thus preventing the destruction of the Imperial Valley in California. Harold Bell Wright developed the plot for his well known novel from the heroic efforts of this man. This alumnus was hot only the hero of a literary achievement but also served as consulting engineer for the Spanish government on bridge construction to repair or replace the stone arch bridges built more than 2,000 years ago by the conquering Rohians. Later he worked under the British government as consulting engineer on hydro-elec-tric projects in the Nile River.
The Lafayette Life is offering the Home Office Consulting Service to Purdue seniors. Gur student representative is niaking ah ef^ fort to arrange personal interview^ with all seniors.' If you are interested in advance of his call -v-phbne the Home Office—4019.
other University grads have also achieved international heights in outstanding engineering feats. An 1898 alumnus built the world’s largest aqueduct in Detroit; another served as consulting engineer on the world’s largest concrete bridge and still another superintended the construction of the world’s largest building, the Merchandise Mart in Chicago.
Achievements of our alumni have not been confined to Americans alone, for one Chinese graduate in agi’iculture became the youngest college president known, when at the age of twenty-three he Was chosen head of an institution in China. Another agriculture graduate introduced brick ice-cream to
CENTRAL PRESBYTERIAN— Prof. G. A. Young, head of the school of mechanical engineering, will be the speaker at Sunday Evening club at 6:30. His subject will be “Purdue Traditions”. Supper will be served preceding the program. The price is 15 cents. Prof. G. H. Graves, of the mathematics department, will lead the discussion group at 9:30. WEST SIDE BAPTIST—Roger Williams club will meet at 9:30, with Prof. Otis Trimble to discuss “Psychology and Religion”. The topic of Rev. Gleason’s sermon, morning service at 10:36, will be “I Believe in Church”. 6:30, Roger Williams club social hour, held in the church basement. At 6:10, a ten cent lunch will be served. At 6:30, there will be a discussion on “How to Study the Bible”, led by Roy Kelly. 7:30, “The Water of Life”. ,The choir consists of students and young people. WESLEY FOUNDATIONMen’s Sunday school class at 9:30, will study “Isaiah, the Prophet of Peace”, led by Rev. McFadden. A fellowship supper will be served at 6 o’clock at the Foundation House. At 6:30, Rabbi Simon will talk on “Judaism”. This is the last of a series on comparative religions.
FIRST CHRISTIAN—The Rev. Myron K. Hopper, national young peoples worker, will be the guest speaker of the day. Rev. Hopper will speak to the student class at 6:30, and again at Christian Endeavor following the social hour at
Xaf aiirette, ImdUaaia
his native land, while a city planning engineer and numerous other public officials in Shanghai and other Chinese cities are University graduates. The class of ’31 boasts a dean of engineering in a southern Chinese college.
Not to be outdone by the engineering schools, a former agriculture student instituted scientific production of pineapples in Hawaii, and then showed growers how to can and market their crops. Another alumnus has been in charge of settling and developing large areas in California and other western states and a science grad of ’90 is a world famous typographer and printer.
One could continue through columns and columns citing achievements of hundreds of alumni, for Purdue men and women in the worid of art and letters, of engineering, science, agriculture, and home economics are known the world over.—D. E. McC.
6:30. Regular morning service at 10:45, Rev. Jessup delivering the sermon. A special treat is in store for those who attend the production to be given by the Wesley Players at 8 p. m. ST. JOHN’S EPISCOPAI^Professor H. L. Creek, of the English department, will address the Young People’s Fellowship at 7. Supper at 6. The Student Corporate Communion at 8 a, m., after which breakfast will'he served in the Parish House at 10 cents per plate. Following the breakfast there will be the usual Bibile Study Class, at 9:30 a. m., led by the Rector, on the subject “The Teachings of Christ”.
STARTING TOMORROW GIPSY ifilEISl —and how those gypsy giwh!
Starts TOMOEEpW THiY’RE STARS NOW/ . ^AND THEYSTEAL THE SHOW FROM HOLLYWOODS ABLEST PLAYERSm. THiS GLORIOUSLY HUMAN> DRAMA s1 I
mm
Saturday, Match 14, 1986
mm
Pv iiBV fi''" •' Expo
liminaries At Chicago Fieldhouse Eight teams qualified members in the 26th annual Big Ten track and field meet in University of Chicago fieldhouse last night in the trial runs of the quarter and half mile races. Lakie Glendenning, captain of the Boilermaker team, came in Second in the Second heat of the S80-jrd. run to be the lone
' the
Purdue inah to ihake ^ade in the opening tnals. The five other men who qualified to eoniplete the hst^Of finalists in the half-mile were Pleming, Northwestern; Davison, Michigan; Hobbs, Indiana; Beetham, Ohio State; and Kleinschmidt, Wisconsin. The fastest time was made by Davidson in the first heat, who covered the distance in 1; min-
ute 68.1 seconds.
Terhune and Bluemel, Purdue’s entrants in the quarter, failed to qualify, finishing fourth in the first and third heats, which was won by Hay Ellingwood of Chicago, in the fast tfine of 50.1 seconds. Other qualifiers in this event were Birleson, Michigan; Heg, Northwestern, Skinner, Iowa; Dooley, Iowa, and Hicks, Indiana. Ed. Bluemel, who was also entered for Purdue, came in fourth in the third heat.
Finals Tonight
Overshadowing the initial runs of last night’s limited session, finals in four great races-—the 440, 880, mile and two mile events-—will present the most impressive array of speed performers this meet has ever drawn. Finals in six other track and field events, in addition to the four feature races, will complete tonight’s program. In the quarter-mile prelims last »night, 41 men were entered, with
36 taking part ih the half mile. Boilermakev representtatiVes in last night’s prograni yrere Captain Glendennihg afid Frank Soles in the half arid Ed. Bluemel and Bill Pifield in fhe quarter. Indiana University’s versatile performers have been favored by sports commentators and dopesters to capture the crown tonighU^but Michigan, defending chaimfnon, and Ohio States have a foirfidable list of entrants ,competing^ In addition to these thi'ee^powerful teams, their are num«ous other individual star perf^teers frorii other conference scMpls who are picked to threatem^xisting records. ■ In the dashes, S&lcup is, counted upon to show sqMe speed for Purdue, although iM has only an outside chance of upsetting the fleet Bob Collier, who defeated him last week at Indiana. The Boilermaker relay foursome, which took the measure of the Hoosiers in that event in the dual meet at Bloomington, will be composed on Clendenning, Terhune, Bluemel and Fifleld, running in that order. .Other Purdue men entered in addition to those already mentioned are Williamson in the high jump, and Vaughn-Catt in the
dashes.
Dial Station WBAA For Regional Games Today
University students and staff members and other WBAA listeners who are followers of the Hoosier high school basketball teams, will be able to tune in on the local reguriial tpurarim tO be jplhs^d in the Jefferson High School gym this aHeririomi arid^^ hardvrood faris are backing the 'West Side quintet, coached by Doxie MoOre, former Purdue football arid basketball perforiaer, to overtake the strorig Frankfort five, considered by mariy dopesters the iri(«t likely team to win the championship. The aftemoori games will be broadcast over the Purdue station under the supervision of Ed. Smith.
SPURTS ■ ' 'IN ; - SPORTS
No matter what the ocGasion we can sup^ ply linen to take care of your needs. , ^ Li|eiis .f0r V ■ /I. lafafefte Lliieii Sippiy
WES UP PLY
WHY BUY?
By Herb Uelstrom The baseball team, which for the last few days has been w^orking out in the Livestock Ampitheater, is looking forward to a great season . . . already the pitching staff, composed of Hop Howard, Hefty Martin, Carroll Mangas, and Glen Downey, has stared curving them in ... they’ve been looseriirig up slowly and now are really blazing them in ... On the receiving end are Bill Johnson and Harry Krause, both of whom look pretty good . .. Jewell Young, Pat Malaska and Johnny Sines of the basketball team have reported for work and are showing up in great style . , . so far Hop Howard looks like one of the best hurlers on the lot . . . Freddie Stalcup is expected to come out after the close of the track season ... Batting practice outside commences next week in preparation for their first game against Louisiana State there, on March 30, where Purdue opens a four game series, followed by a two game clash with Mississippi State. After these games, the boys will be home to open their regular season . . . April 30 they open a series with I. U> ■ ■ ■ —ss— ' '
Men’s Suits and Topcoats Ladies’ Plain Coats Ladies’ Plain Dresses
American Laundry
Latter, crack foilsman captain for next season ... The Frosh foilers win start their elimination tournament for numerals Monday ... Coeds are having a tournament now.
—ss—■■
All of the ping pong tables in the gym are being painted so no more ping pnng for a few days, until the tables dry.
—-ss—
The football team is at it again . . . now they’re outside practicing, just east of Cary Hall ... It must be fun now but wait until the weather gets warmer ... wearing 26 pounds of equipment doesn’t go very well with the temperature in the eighties.
_ C. Peterson To Give p , Billiards Shinv
Purdue's billiard fanatics will be
Big Ten Toiuney Starts ^ ^®®*' coming visit f*. ^ Charles C. Peterson, generally in ciucago loday . conceded to be the greatest trick Fencers representing Purdue will them all. Besides givcompete in the Big Ten fencing exhibition of fancy billiards, iriSet iri Chii-aB-n tAdnv: TBo BniioH PetersOtt will offer iriri^ction to
meet in Chicago today. The Boiler maker team was chosen by an eliminatibil tOurney Completed this week among the Purdue fencers. Capt. Jack Silverman will reprieserit;Purdueint;hefoils,JirifiSear borg will coriipete in the saber and Jack Hammariri will be entered in the epee.; Silverman, who bas beeri making an excellent shovfirig in the foils this year. Was runrier-up in the foils coiripetitiori at the Big Ten
fcricirig championship last year. Baseball Nine St^ts Drill Teams Starts Seaison Witb Large Squad
Aspirants for the Boilermaker baseball squad have been practicing during the last week and the team is shaping up very nicely. Many members of last year's squad have returned and are being hard pressed by sophomores, who have turned out in large numbers for the
squad;
The pitching staff, which has always been a stiimbling block for the Purdue hopes, shows promise of being the best in the history of the sport at Purdue. “Lefty” Martin and Glen Downey, two pitchers from last year will be hard pressed by “Hop” Howard, a promising sophomore; Rosser, a senior who was ineligible last year; and Mangas who plays in the outfield when
he is riot pitching.
Likewise iri the receiving end of the battery, there has been stiff competition for the position which Skoronski so ably filled last year. Leading the large number of candidates for this post are Krause and Johnson, who look particulavly
good in this role.
The stiffest competition is in the infield positions, where the stars of ing determined bids for births, the last year’s frosh teani are makJewel Young, of basketball fame, is the outstanding candidate for the first base position, and will probably hold down the first base sack when the Purdue squad swings into action. Lucas and Armarid are the only regulars left from the last
The fencing team elected Dick year’s infield and will be pushed to
beat out Johnie Burman, 'Waling
Class “B” Toiiriiey Nears Final Roiind With the Class “B” tourney of interfraternity basketball competition nearing the finals, keen competition has developed, with Beta Theta Pi putclassing all opponents so far. The Betas came out ahead without a sirigle loss in the Winners bracket and need only to defeat the winner of the losers bracket to win the championship. The Betas defeated the Kappa Sigs in their semi-final game Thursday night by a score of SS to 11, and earlier in the week handed the Phi Psi’s a 33 to 17 defeat. Five men on the Beta squad are well over six feet tall and have managed to control the ball at will in their last two encounters. ' Elimination rounds in the losers bracket will begin Monday at 4 o’clock in Memorial Gymnasium, with the Kappa Sig’s meeting Delta Upsilon, and Phi Kappa Psi clashing with the Triangle team. Ward hardw’ood teams will also meet Monday at 4:26 p. m.
•f -f 4- 4“ -f “f -f -f GOLD AND BLACK 4- > -4 4- > > 4“ 4“ -4 4- 4 MONDAY, MARCH 16 4 o’clock Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Pirathon. Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Gamma Delia.
the extreme to Sines, Stalcup, and Caldwell.
The outfield is shaping up rather well with Malaska, Moser, and Mangus as the outstanding men for
these positions.
seniors:
1
We ittake application pictures for $1.25 per dozen. Special price bn iota of fiffy or more. . Eeiiiforaiidt Studio 105 Vine St. W. Lafayette
Service
M
Student Motorists
We’re genuinely appreciative of your business and Iwe like to show it in as many ways as possible. So don’t drive away until you get it, because it’s an important part of our business.
iHKIN’S Stadium Station Northwestern, neiur Stadium OnRoateSZ
both studerits arid facrilly memhriri. The^ time and place Vvill be ari^
riounced at a later date. :
5% 4*bsttd eaglet xtf St. Lonis,
also called the “Father of Intercollegiate Billiards” will mclade fn his tear most «*f the larger schools of the east and the midNvest. Jti all he will visit 61 different sdmdls.
..-f, .±.4:,
BASKETBALL 'f-f4'4‘-f4-4-4'-4 MONDAY, MARCH 16 Dale Hott 4:00—^Kappa Sigma vs. Delta Up-
silon.
4:lfi—Triari^e vs. pid B^ppa^ 4:26—^Ward 4 vs. Ward 11-A.
Beta BJii Sigma Annual ■ S't.JP’a’teiclt ■ DANCE
f|
" ..Tuesday, .March 17; ' LOyiE LOWE and'His, Band . ^ , Former Purdne Harleanin Star Admission $L.Sj!l Couple 9g3etbis60
Tbe Best People Are Quick to Endorse Our Store For Quality Among March Offerings ^ White Uniforms and Smocks, long and short sleeves —„.„„_„.$1.69-|1.98 Rayon: Panties, al styles, special... ....50c Print Pajamas, two-piece, fast colors..........,.........$1.00 Rayon Knit Slips, shadow panel, brassiere top....$1.00 English Doeskiri Gloves in chamois and white, washable ...„.$1.98-$2.75 Beautiful Cord Lace, for dresses, shades as agua, dusty pink, white, iriaize, navy and brown. Neckwear, smart up to date styles, organie, lace, pique, crepe.
CLEAN FRESH
SIX CHAIRS MEANS QUICK SERVICE
QUALITY COMES FIRST
tl&e
But we’ve forgotten one big reason for making the Union Barber Shop your i^gnlar barber shop. That is the fact that the barbers at the Union are tried and approved. And
service.
She
^*Corner of the Campus, Yet the Center of College Activities’*
* rPAUL A. RISK ROBERT G. RISK HAROLD j. RISK LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 6701 Corner 4th and Main
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G.
SPARRENDAHL . Merchaiit Tailor 507 Maim St.
Dormer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
DK. A.
Kron Flats State Phone 4965
LYLE R FISHER
This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block .3.22 Ferry SL Opposite New Post Office
Phone 3882
Food you like and as you like It, Popular Prices
Keys lor trnhks, door locks, desk loc]^ night latches and padlocks. Anto keys aitd handle lo^s a specialty. F. Jos. Mmlhampt ^ Son 209-Ii North fifth Street Phone iSSS . Lafayett
FOR SALE—Modetn bungalow, five rooms, complete bath, pantry^ breakfast nook, full basement, cob Crete porch across front, new gatage* good garden, some fruity flowers, shrubbery. Reasonable down payment, terms. Possession April 1st. 227 S. Salisbury.
Chamberlin’s Special for this week—Almond Toffee and Vanilla. Order it. It’s delicious.
For Sale—Debris receipt. Phone 31761.
Transportation to Boston or New York. Call Gilbert, 2377, for particulars.
>Vanted—,-Ride to Chicago today after ten, return Sunday afternoon. Call 66272.
Lost—K & E slide rule in Chem. Bldg. Black case. Name inside. Rewiard. H. L. Brunner, 218 Vine> Phone 61922.
Morgan’s Psychology of Abnormal People—^Wanted to buy or borrow a dozen copies. Call 8080 or 66003.
Condition Ezam-—^An exam for the removal of Conditions in cheihistry 1 wilt be given in rooih 101, Education Building Saturday afternoon, March 14, at 1 p. mi. Application for pemiission to take this exam must be made at room i^lO, Chemistry Building, not later than March 12. ,By special arrangement an exam in chemistry 2 may be taken at tills time. Another exam for removal of condition ■will riot be glveri until September, —HASS, TEST.
Chemistry Condition Exams—Exams, in chemistry 29 and 107 will be held Saturday, March 14, at I p. m., in room 101 Education Building. Applications must be made on or before March 12. . —NELSON.
Removal of Condition Grade in M. T. 2— All students who received a 0 grade in M. T. 2 (gunnery) last year report to Capt. Hayford at the Armory before noon March 21 and arrange for removal of the grade. • —HAYFORD.
NO MIXER TONIGHT
Art Pletnres—Those who entered sMtraiB in the art exhibit please call for them at once. —ANSPACH.
Union—Following members of my committee report in the sub-basement Monday at 4: Claypool, Miller, Burton, Thiel, Colby. Williamson, Scatterday, Sheets, Steckel, Cox, Mytinger, Fricke, Riistow, Elston, Hulse, Morrih, DeWitt, Wilson, Howkinson, Jones, McGhee, Rush, Jacobi, ■ Stephan, Peth, Reed. —scholee.
Unionr—rFollowing members of my committee report in the sub-basement Monday at 4; Wright, Fatout, Seaborg, Bateman, Schlundt, Fitts, Weigririt, Wetherland, Cabonargi. Ford, McKinsey, Gillespie, Dorothy Morehouse, Kathryn Morehouse, Sheiwalter, Dot King, Wetzel, Dot Bryant, Godbey, Fenstermaker, Behrends, Roudeau, Terpe, Buck Baker, Doyle. —CLARK.
: The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FOE© TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25e per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Young enough to be theoretical; Md enough to be practical.
WATCHMAKER 608 Main St.
Y. W. C. A.—Office will be open this afternoon for those co-eds interested in listening to the opera broadcast. : —RHODES.
Playshop—Meetinjg of property committee in tower room tomorrow at 2:30. —6ERSHUN.
Football Managers—All freshman managers report at gym Monday at 3:30. —MAISH, HODGDON.
Senior Cadet Officers^—Sign up for appointment with photographer for military department class picture, on list now posted on bulletin board in the Armory. —MILLER.
Playshop—The following men report to the Playshop at 4 today: McLean, Iloae, Ketchom, Wardell, Wagner, Brandt, Jenkin, Andres. Others on the staff are asked to attend. —CALLIS.
Luthe^^ Clnb-i-rMeet in the Uriiori at 7 :30 tomorrow night. -KUECK.:
Aiiiiual At I* U. March 21 Twenty-two colleges are expected to participate in the 'annual state-wide Play Day at Indiana University at Bloomington, Saturday, March 21. Approximately 20 W. A, A. members will represent the University. Basketball and modern dance will be the main features of the program. Saturday morning will be devoted to illustrations of modern dancing and several games of basketball will be played in the afternoon, Motion pictures of the modern dance will be shown in addition to the demonstrations. A similar Play Day will probably be held on this campus next year.
Crown Cleaning Service is really a gain at our present prices the beauty restored to your clothes makes it
a
am.
Dr. Doyle Warns About Anemia In Spring Pigs Dr. Li P. Doyle, of the veterinary department of the University, advises hog raisers to look out for anemia in spring pigs when they are boi’n. If the pigs are kept inside of a house or barn for longer than a few days to a week, anemia may develop; Once the disease gets a start, it may result in heavy losses, either killing the pigs or making them unprofitable. This disease can be prevented by giving the pigs a chance to eat soil, particula;rly blue grass sod.
JUNIORS, SOPHS WIN IN WAA VOLLni YHALL In the W. A. A. interclass volleyball games yesterday afternoon the juniors defeated the freshmen, 36 to 15, and the sophomores won oyer the seniors, 30 to 28.
W B A A
TBda7 11:00—“Just Kids.” 11:30—High School Program. 12:00—The Engineer. 12:16—Orval Wray’s Orchestra. 12:30—Frank Hall, News Commentator. 12:45---Orval Wray’s Orchestra. 1:00—The Radio Stage. 1:30—-E. Harold John, baritone. 1:46—^N^l Carson, xylophonist. 2:00—^Regional Basketball Tournament at Jefferson High School.
Sunday 2:30—American Legion Program.
11:00—American Institutions.'Dr. Phillips. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:16—Orval Wray’s Orchestra 12:80—Ohgan Melodies. • 12:46—Athletic Review. 1:0d:—^Home Economics, Extension. 1:16r—^Matinee Musicale. 1 ;30—Public Safety. 1:46—Pinal Markets. 2:00—^Persuasive Speech (Engl. 14). Mr. Winch. 2:60—Music.
F I N E
C L E A N
R S
PROF. BRAY SPEAKER FOR ■ALUMNI BANQUET Dr. J. L. Bray, head of the school of chemical engineering, will speak at an alumhi banquet to be held at Hotel Spencer in Marion, Thursday at 6:30 p. m. Alunini and former students, residing in Grant country, are planning the affair. Verle Dicken, ’30; Garner J. Thomas, ’15, and Forest Conder, ’33, are the committee on arrangements.
Lafayette, Treasure Hunt Closes At Noon Today Lafayette’s treasure hunt, sponsored by the local Chamber of Commerce, will close at noon today with the winner of the grand prize to receive a Chevrolet or Plymouth car. Approximately 3,000 persons and 68 stpres have participated in the contest since its opening March 10. Solutions are to be turned in at the Court House this afternoon for judging.
CARMITA^ ■ (Continued from page 1) dington, A. R. Fowler, D. P. Muller, L. E. Putze, R. P. Ruth, R. H. Schlundt, R. H. Walpole, H. P. Wiegandt, M. G. Wright, L. G. Blaker, J. W. Scatterday, W. R, Scholle, R, H. Buck, and R. H, Helm. Singing Chorus: Martha Whitehead, Iva Swaynie, Martha Wood, M. C. Conipton, Anne Dunwoody, Dorothy Newman, Lura Sherry, Janice Burch,, Edna Schwab* C, A. Schopp, E. J. Wadleigh, P. P. Worcester, V. W. Coddington, J. E. Phillips, A. R. Lennox, H. A. Lester, M. N. Bouton and E. B. Snyder. Specialty Chorus: Mary Leather, Blanche Kernel, Louise Bain, Etta Wright Best, Judith Jones, Phyllis Crossman, Eleanor Turner, Mary Hubler, Mary Wood, Margaret Timberlake* Margaret Jpsselyn and
Prances Eastburn. Stages by: George Mitchell, Ray Fatout, Forest Warren, John Wright, P, V. Miller, Dick Pitts, Robert McWilliams, Tom Sheets, Willis Jewett, and Mary Mytinger. Makeup: Floy Crepps, Dfary Bell, and Frances Ford. Dances; Betty Ann Florer, Mrs. Eileen Randolph and Mrs. Lois Watson. Orchestra: P. Russell, R. Phillips, W. B. Spangler, W. W. Winter, C. M. Coe, Eddie Mae Browne, R. Smeltzer, C. Ruflman, G. P. Haywood, J. E. SOene, W. W. Binford, S. M. Hamilton, B. O. Pressler, H. Y. Hunsicker, J. Staiger, G. W. Bryant, and 0. W. Miller. Accompanists: Maurice Doyle, Mildred Rhodes, and Louise Biirkle. Dramatics: Mr. H. Keim Carmichael. Music: Mr. Albert Pearson Stewart.
SCIENCE MEET HERE TOMORROW The annual spring meeting of the executive committee of the Indiana Academy of Science will be held iii the Union Building tomorrow afternoon at 2 o’clock. Dr; L. A. Test, of the University Chemistry department, is the secretary of the academy. Plans will be formulated for the May meeting of the entire organization.
IN SHOPS MONDAY The fifth in a series of films shown at the Michael Golden Shops will be run next Monday and Tuesday at 4 p. m. The picture, entitled “Water Power”, has' never been shown before and should be of current interest because of the large water power projects being promoted by the government.
Remodeling Sale Workmen start Monday to remodel, our store. We are carrying a heavy stock and must clear the shelves. We list a few of our many specials. Save money by taking advantage of these low prices.
SWEATERS Brushed Wool ’ Slipovers, 2 for...: $1 Terry Sweaters, special, 2 for........$l Sleeveless Sweaters, 2 for .$1 Men’s PAJAMAS Values to $3.00 . All go, each......$1.50 Knitted Athletic Sport ' SHIRTS AND
Complete 'Haberdashery for Men 416 Main St.
3 for $1.00, DRESS shirts Values to $2.50 $1.00 - $1.25 $1.50
This Sale Will Continue During Our Alterations. See Newspapers for Daily Specials
Seating Capacity —250 Persons Sunday Menu^ March 15, 1936. Serving Hours—12 M.-3 P, M. — 5 P. M.-8 P. M,
50c DeLuxe Dinner Chicken and Noodle Soup Chilled Fruit Cocktail CHOICE T-BONE STEAK French Fries ROAST LEG OF MILK FED VEAL Currant Jelly ROAST LONG ISLAND DUCKLING Sauer Kraut Stuffing Fluffy Whipped or Candled Sweet Potatoes Buttered California Broccoli or Diced Rosebud Beets ala Hollywood or Buttered Wax Beans—Spanish Style Bartlett Pear in Lime Jello Hot Cloverleaf Rolls Choice of Homemade Pie or Cake Ice Cream or Sherbet Shamrock Ice Cream Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk
40c Dinner No. 2 SPECIAL CLUB STEAK French Pries BREADED PORK TENDERLOIN Chili Sauce Fluffy Whipped or Candied Sweet Potatoes Diced Rosebud Beets, ala Hollywood or Buttered Wax Beans—Spanish Style , \ Bartlett Pear In Lime Jello Hot Cloverleaf Rolls Shamrock Ice Cream Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk
. 45c Dinner No, 1 ROAST LEG OF MILK FED VEAL Currant Jelly ROAST LONG ISLAND DUCKLING Sauer Kraut Fluffy Whipped or Candied Sweet Potatoes Buttered California Broccoli or Diced Rosebud Beets ala Hollywood dr Buttered Wax Beans—Spanish Style Bartlett Pear in Lime Jello Hot Cloverleaf Rolls Shamrock lee Cream Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk'
35c Plate Special BROWNED LAMB PATTIES Wrapped in Bacon MACARONI AND CHICKEN LOAF Cream Gravy VEGETABLE PLATE Stuffed Celery Fluffy Whipped or Candied Sweet Potatoes Diced Rosebud Beets ala Hollywood or Buttered Wax Beans—Spanish St;ile Bartlett Pear in Lime Jello Hot Cloverleaf Rolls Shamrock Ice Cream Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk
WE CATER TO SPECIAL PARTIES AND DINNERS , ASK FOR MISS KELLEY