'7 1, ^ ^ r ' I
tbs. ^
^iit Purdue TExpuueut
m-f^ h p^’ ,iSyi ^
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1937
NUMBER 74
Tall Wolves Invade Purdue Camp Tonight
January 9, 1937 BLESSED events and the manner in which modern society prepares for them is no secret to “Lady,” a black and white fox terrier. On the verge of having pups, she trotted into Washington University’s clinic and wagged her tail for recognition. A few days later “Lady,” attended by nurses and internes, gave birth to six puppies . . .
■ ■30 ' —
CLOTHING for college women costs more than that for men according to a recent survey of 42 women and 66 men at Texas Wesleyan. A complete outfit for a co ed averages $78.90, while a com plete outfit for a man averages but $60.40. The only single item for which males pay more than females ... is hats!
—CO-
HERE is a tragic tale in four lines by some unknown student of neighborhood life: Beneath this stone lies Murphy, They buried him today. He lived the life of Riley, When Riley was away.
—30—
THOSE big, red apples, usually found on teacher’s desk, took the form of a quart of Hiram Walker whiskey on the desk of Instructor Mulloy at Creighton University. It was presented by the class after the completion of one of his “gigantic assignments” in the hope that it would acquaint him with the “muggy” feeling that arises after a long session with pages of fine print. Mulloy, on impulse, tossed the bottle into the wastebasket saying, “Like the Europeans, I don’t believe crime and alcohol are associ-
ated.” —30—
BROWN University writer, in an essay describing a physical examination: “He rolled up his arm to the elbow, ripping off the button.”
Theta Chi Will Absorb Delta Sigs Local Chapters Follow Action Of National Groups Following the action of Theta Chi national fraternity in absorbing the Delta Sigma Lambda national fraternity, the two local chapters of these organizations are preparing for a merger at the end of this month, it was announced last night by W. A. Koch and T. E. Kraner, presidents of Theta Chi and Delta Sigma Lambda, respectively. The move has long been contemplated and since national action of the two fratefrnities on November 28 all minor problems have been settled. Favorable decisions from all individual active chapters of both fraternities upon the merger have just recently been received. The present Theta Chi chapter on the Purdue campus will initiate the new group before the end of the month. Theta Chi boasts a strong national organization which has chartered 53 chapters, all of which are active. The local chapter of Theta Chi was originally started on the Purdue campus in the spring of 1919. Both local chapters will live as two houses until a suitable arrangement can be decided upon, at which time both houses will form one
group.
^Agnus Alumnus^ Will Go To Reader Of Agriculturist Purdue’s Miss Agnus Alumnus, a registered Chester White gilt, will be awarded the lucky number holder at the Ag Alumni banquet to be held next Thursday noon jn the new Agricultural Engineering Building. Agnus has an unusual pedigree, as gilt’s pedigrees go, for she has the distinction of being a full sister of the 1935 grand champion barrow at the International Exposition, and is a daughter of the only sow in the world to produce two International grand champion barrows. Three Years, Three Chances L. O. Buxton, circulation manager of the Purdue Agriculturist revealed last night that one num ber (one chance) for the drawing will be issued with each year’s subscription to the Agriculturist. “Three years’ subscription, three shots you have at providing Agnus’ future home,” says Buxton. The Ag Alumni Association purchased Agnus from the University foie the express purpose of giving her in exchange for the lucky number at this drawing.
OUSTED
Alpha Chi To Entertaiu Alpha Chi Omega sorority will entertain the members of Alpha Gamma Rho and Phi Gamma Delta fraternities at tea tomorrow after-
By Tempy The Exponent Weather Mouse
After the last two days I certainly feel more like a drowned rat than a weather mouse, but something has to be done about all this rain, so I’ll predict it away. Today I will concentrate, and at the risk of straining my wonderful tale, predict for tomorrow too. Today it will be generally fair with a cold wave beginning. Tomorrow there will be increasing cloudiness followed by SHOW.
300 To Attend Corn Banquet Three hundred members and friends of the Indiana Corn Grow ers’ Association are expected to at tend the annual banquet in the Me morial Union Building at 5 p. m Monday, honoring William Curry, international corn king from Tip ton, and the other Hoosier champ
ions.
The Henry Marshall, Sr., trophies for the ten and the single ear classes in the Boy’s 4-H Club Show and the new Churchille Barr trophy in the 5-acre project will be presented at the banquet. A short program has been arranged in honor of those 70 active members of the Association who have been connected with the organization for 25 years or more. A reception and smoker will follow this program.
Agricultural Conference Opens Monday Thousands To Gather Here For Week’s Educational Program Registration for the annual Agricultural Conference to be held here all next week starts at 8 a. m. Monday in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building. During the course of the week, thousands of rural Indiana folk will visit the campus to attend the varied educational programs., Of special interest to many farmers will be the exhibits and discussions dealing with the origin of red clover and alfalfa} seed. Foreign grown seed is already being sold in parts of Indiana because of the exceedingly limited supply of domestic seed. Remodeling Tuesday morning’s session will feature a program on repairing and remodeling farm buildings and farm homes. A motion picture illustrating modern remodeling technique will be presented. The program will include talks by Roy Metzger, local lumber dealer, and R. M. Hoffman, of the SherwinWilliams Company. The latter will speak on paints and their application in reducing building deprecia-
tion.
The conference will officially close Friday, January 15. \
Boilermakers Will Rely On High-Speed Attack
MICfflGAN Townsend .Thomas Gee — Fishman Patanelli
Illness Halts
Union Musicale
President Glenn Frank, of the University of Wisconsin, was dis missed yesterday by a 8 to 7 vote of the board of regents after a two-day hearing. Governor Phillip LaFollette told 1,000 striking students that he would not consider their requests for Dr. Frank’s reinstatement.
'^Speaking Of The Weather’ It’s Temperate^ But Wet!
By H. I. Stanback “Speaking Of The Weather” — This is the title of new song which was popular among University students until this spell of “ducky” weather came along. Now the words bring unprintable remarks. Besides annoying the 6,600 disgruntled students, the unseasonable weather has brought on a mild epidemic of the flu. Dr. F. M. Hall, of the Student Health Service, said that the great majority of 166 students who visited the Health Service yesterday had cases of flu. Cases Not Dangerous “Doctors,” explained Dr. Hall, “use the name ‘influenza’, in the case of a severe cold accompanied by a high fever.” Most of the stud^t cases are not dangerous, but Dr. Hall estimated that about ten students were hospitalized with the disease.
Temperatures during the last week have been unusually moderate averaging well above 60 degrees High temperature yesterday was 66 degrees. The river had reached a stage of ten feet seven inches late yesterday afternoon, having risen five feet since the previous day. Flood stage is 16 feet. Record Rainfall Since yesterday there has been a rainfall of 2.37 inches, a record for this season. Had the precipitation been snow instead of rain, the University would lie under a blanket of white two deet deep. December is usually the month for fall rains, and January the time for cold weather. However, this year December was unnaturally bright and January mild. Last January the mercury hit 20 below zero, but this winter’s low mark is
6 above.
Beta Theta Pi To Meet Cary Hall In Mohlman Finals Mohlman debate semi-finals were completed Thursday night as East Cary Hall negative team won over the East Cary Hall affirmative team. Wednesday night the Beta Theta Pi team won over the Triangle team.
PROBABLE LINEUP PURDUE POSITION Young F Anderson F Seward C Malaska G Downey G OFFICIALS—^Referee, Schommer, Chicago; umpire, Clar-
no, Bradley.
By S. R. Griffiths, Jr.
Boilermaker basketmen will attempt to scale the heights tonight against the famed treetoppers from the University of Michigan in a contest starting at 7:30 in the Jeiferson Bigh
School g3rmnasium.
Michigan’s tremendous height advantage is expected to pro-
vide a severe handicap for the comparatively midget Boilermakers who have depended almost solely upon a fast-break-ing speed attack in chalking up eight straight victories so far this season. The ability of the Wolverines to control possession of the ball will lower Purdue’s chances of
winning.
Anderson To Start In an effort to add as much height as possible to the Purdue starting combination Coach Ward Lambert indicated last night that Gene Anderson, 6 foot, 3 inch, sophomore from Franklin, who has shown considerable promise in early games, would be paired with Jewell Young at forward in place of the veteran Johnny Sines. The battle with the Wolverines tonight will start a strenuous ten day assignment, as the Boilermakers meet Michigan, Iowa, Indiana, and Illinois, all title favorites, wifdiin the period. Following the Wolverine game, Purdue will jump to Iowa City to meet the Hawkeyes on Monday night; tackle Indiana at Bloomington on Saturday night, then meet Illinois here a week from Monday.
R. D. Hand, C. E. ’36, has just accepted a position in the Construction department of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company, with headquarters in Chicago.
Due to the illness of Ruth Jamison, pianist, and Dr. K. Lark-Horo-vitz, second violinist, tomorrow afternoon’s musicale, to be sponsored by the Student Union, was postponed until some future date. The two musicians were members of the string quartette which was to present a program in the new Union music room tomorrow afternoon. .The other two members of the quartette are Thelma Thrasher, first violinist, and M. C. Howonstein, cel-
list.
Commons Club
American Commons Club announces the initiation of H. F. Gurtan. West Lafayette, and the pledging of R. F. Barwick, Judyville.
Dr. Braswell Has Flu Dr. W. Braswell, of the English department, has been confined to his bed since Thursday with a mild attack of influenza. He expects to be sufficiently recovered by Monday morning to hold his regular
classes.
Gold And Black Aces Play Tonight Syncopation for tonight’s mixmr will be furnished by the Gold Black Aces.
These 100 Names Made News During Year Of ’36
By Joyce Williams That Shirley Temple is the best knoAvn person in the world today was discovered when Dr. O. F. Hall, head of the education department, arranged and distributed to five classes a list of 100 newsworthy names of 1936, asking the students to account briefly for the inclusion
of each.
Detailed analysis shows that although the child actress was the only recipient of a unanimous vote, 90 per cent or more of the students knew Arthur Brisbane, Bruno Richard Hauptmann, Rudyard Kipling, Joe Louis, Max Schmeling, and Robert Taylor. Trailing very closely with 10 per cent less recognition were Charles Coughlin, the scintillating Bette Davis, the Duke of York, who is“ now known as George VI, the ailing Pius XI, and the late Madame Schu-man-Heink. Unknown to All The undesirable distinction of being unknown to all of the 128 students is shared by Edgar DeWitt Jones, the Detroit clergyman who is now chairman of the Federated Council of Churches in America, and Ernest K, Lindley, whose campaign book “Half-Way With Roose velt” played an important part in recent national election. Only 10 per cent recognized the names of Gus Gennerich. President Roosevelt’s bodyguard, who died recently in South America; Maxim Gorky, Russia’s revered novelist deceased this year; Alice Marble, national women’s tennis champion; and the “T-Men” the indefatigable
The following names and phrases figured prominently in the news items of 1936. Briefly describe each after the following manner; Gehrig:, Lou—^Rated baseball player No. 1 Wickersham, Geo. W.—^Famous lawyer, former Attorney; General, di^. G.Men—Abbreviation for Eederd law enforcing specialists. (Answers on page 4)
1. 2. 3. 4. 6. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 16. 16. 17. 18. 19 20 21. 22.
“And Sudden Death”— Ashley, LadyBall, George A.— Baldwin, Stanley— Bankhead, W. B.— Barton, Pam— Blum, Leon— Boettiger, John— Bold Venture— Brisbane, Arthur— Browder, Earl— Bru, Fr^erieo L.— Byrns, Joseph W.— Cadman S. Parkes— “Chasing The Chasers”— C. I. O.— Coughlin, Charles E.— Couzens, James— Curie-Johot, Madame— Cmtis, Charles— Cutten, Arthur— Davis, Bettd^—
23. Dern, George— 24. Duke of Windsor— 26. Duke of York— 26. Dunne, Finley Peter— 27. DuPont, Ethel— 28. Eden, Anthony— 29. “Eight-Point Plan”— 30. Ekins, H. R.— 31. Farley, James A.— 32. Franco, Francisco— 33. Frank, Glenn— 34. George V.— 36 Gennerich, Gus— 36. Gomez, Miguel M. 37. Gorky, Maxim— 38. Granger, Nellie— 39. Hamilton, John— 40. Hammond, John Hays— 41. Hauptmann, Bruno— 42. High, Stanley— 43. “Highbrows at Harvard”— 44. Holt, Rush— 46. Hoover, J. Edgar— 46. Howe, Louis— 47. Hubbell, Carl O.— 48. “Is Our Face Red”— 49. Jarrett, Eleanor Holm— 60. Jones, Edgar DeWitt— 61. Kelley, Larry— 62. Kipling, Rudyard— 63. LaFollette, Phillip— 64 Lemhe, William— 66. Lewis, John L — 66. Liberty League— 67. Lindley, Ernest K.— 68. Link, Henry C.— 69. Loeb, Richard— 60. Louis, Joe— 61. Marble, Alice—
62. 63. 64. 66. 66. 67. 68. 69. 70. 71. 72. 73. 74. 76.76. 77. 78. 79. 80. 81. 82. 83. 84. 85. 86. 87. 88. 89. 90. 91. 92. 93. 94. 96. 96. 97. 98. 99. 100.
Mastenbrock, Wilhelmina— Mattson, Charles— Meyer, Louis— Mitchell, Margmret— Moran, W. H.— Norris, George W.— O'Neill, Eug:ene— Owens, Jesse— Pacelli, Eugenio Cardinal— Parran, Thomas— Patou, Jean— Pendleton, Ellen F.— Perry, Fred— Pius XI— Pons, Lily— Qualters, T. J.— Quoddy— mtchie, Albert— Robertson, D. E.— Robinson, James Harvey— Schmeling, Max— Schuman-Heink, Madame— Selassie, HaUe— Shute, Denny— Simpson, WaUis— Sims, William S.— Smith, Gerald Ii. K.— Taft, Lorado— Taylor, Robert— Temple, Shirley— Thomas, Norman— T-Men— Townsend, Francis E.— TugweU, Rexford— Van Sweringen, O. P.— Von Ossietzky, Carl— Wallace, Henry A.— Woolley, Mary E.— Zloncheck, Marion—
men who represent the United States Treasury in collecting unpaid taxes and various other revenues. Honors for highest grades go to T. H. Buslin, who made 74 and to T. J. Smith and J. H. Martin, who tied for second place with 68 each. Although the average number of right answers per class varied from 31 to 41, the general average was 34, somewhat below that of previous years. Selassie Called Steer The path of glory leads not to the grave but to oblivion. Possibly the most grotesque error of all was that statement which named Haile
the grand champion Angus steer at the International Livestock Show in Chicago. To other students he was an Indian leader, or perhaps a German, Spanish, or worst of all, an Italian ruler. This is particularly striking inasmuch as his name was known last year by all but four of
the students.
The recent crisis in England must have been very confusing to the student followers of the affair, for tho identities of the Duke of Windsor and the Duke of York were frequently interchanged in this teat, Wallis Simpson, Edward VIH’s inamorata, was soberly declared a
Selassie, late ruler of Ethiopia, as | dozen times to be Mrs. j^impson’s
husband. The late George V was said to be his own son, brother, or father. Best of all. Bold Ventuxek last year’s Derby winner, was titled the Simpsott-Edward VIII affair,. Excusable was the blend of personalities when John Hamilton, Republican campaign manager, was said to be that man of the same name who was killed, as a member of Dillinger’s gang, in hut credit for the second worst ndstake goes to the student who btandbf wrote the mibinformation t^iat MrHamilton was a statesman of the early ISOO^s, referring evidentbr tn the illustrious Alexander Hamlltoiv : killed in a duel in I80A 'i.n
/ V ?
S.' N
)i I
<‘ •) ? X / >’ ' ^ ifi
THE PUftDUE EXPONENT
kW
Satnrdfty, Janttaty 9.1087
*1 tsk\^‘^ F»'^''W'’f^ I
Nuisances
Spectators at Purdue’s home basketball games are continually annoyed by either oi two nuisances, both of which are so immature that they should not be expected to come from persons of college age. The first of these annoying practices is the more dangerous and has been with us for the longer time. Students walking close to the front rows of seats in order to get to their places with the minimum of confusion and display, are frequently seized and passed” back from row to row over the heads of the spectators. Such a practice, while it may seem amusing at the time, is very dang-
erous.
Before the Wisconsin game, one victim of the “passing attack” narrowly escaped a broken neck when the “passers” threw him back to the playing floor after tossing him fmm hand to hand for several moments. It has been said that this provoking practice will be abandoned as soon as someone is seriously injured by it, but good sense demands that it be eliminated before any such unfortunate occurrence comes to pass. This practice is also irritating in the fact that the person being “passed” may be caused to lose articles from his pockets while he is being turned every which way by the “passers.” Moreover, many persons who do not approve of this conduct are forced to participate in order to protect themselves from
injury.
The other nuisance referred to has only recently become a serious problem. Certain infantile individuals have started to show their team sWt by littering the gymnasium with home-made confetti. This procedure is annoying enough when the bits of paper are showered on the spectators, but when they are thrown so as to cover the playing floor to such an extent that the game must be interrupted in order to clear away the debris, the practice has gone too far. Neither of these customs has any reason for existence save the desire of certain persons to “show off.” As most of the participators in these aggravating practices seem to be either freshmen or sophomores, it is suggested that fraternity officials or rooming house committees take the offenders in hand and convince them that such conduct is not in keeping with the supposedly high plane of intelligence that is said to be part of a college student’s character.—J. E. B.
Better Drinking Conditions
student drinking conditions are much better today than they were before the relegalization of beer. That is the opinion of most of the 52 leading college newspaper editors over the nation who were surveyed by the United States Brewers’ Association. Forty-one of the editors questioned stated that the conditions were considerably improved, while eleven thought that they were worse. Most of the editors also believed that there is less total drunkenness today than before the return of beer; they reported more people drinking, but less drinking per capita. Thirty-one editors said that the return of beer favorably affected student morals, social life, and habits, fourteen that there was no bad effect, and seven asserted that it had an adverse effect. While there may be doubt concerning the result of legal beer on the morals of college students, or any other class for that matter, the beer on sale today is unquestionably made under healthier conditions and by more skillful brewers, and the conditions under which it is consumed are cleaner.—^R. P. M
tlCfjE ^urbuE CxponEjnt
Foimded in 1888
W36 Member PUsockied GDlleSbIe Distributors of Cb([e6iate Di6e$t
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY
National Advertising Service, Inc College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York N Y. CHICAGO • BOSTON • SAN FRANCISCO Los ANGELCS • Portland • Seattle
Daily Student^ Publication of Purdue University
Aasociate EWtora
Advertising Msnsjrer
Justice?
Not long ago a well known coffee concern was broadcasting a program consisting of actual appeals for legal advice before actual judges of New York City. The purpose of the “Grood Will Court” was to offer this advice in order to help people keep out of legal difficulty. The judges were paid by the coffee people, but in turn the arbiters gave this remuneration to a deserving charity. On December 20 the master of ceremonies of the program announced that they had been compelled to discontinue their “Good* Will Court.” After New York County Lawyers Association had criticized the program, the appellate division of the New York supreme court opined that it was unethical to offer legal advice over the radio. How long has it been unethical to help poor uneducated souls solve their problems. The New York lawyers should certainly be congratulated for their most generous, humane motives.—D. A. B.
Readers^ Opinioins
The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers
Woman Suffrage
To the Editor: In defense of the women on such a campus as that of Purdue University, I wish to inquire of various members of the Exponent staff the intent of such blunt, maliciously printed remarks about some co-eds. Are the fair sex the only ones who deserve descriptive adjectives such as fickle, silly, and irrational ? Are they the only ones who pull “boners” and then get their names spread over the paper marked by the word frivolity ? Indeed not. Just as many male students in this institution break dates, replace pins, and pull “fast ones” as do the co-eds. At least, one might say, the co-ed lives are “out in the open,” while certain laws of the paper censor publicizing affairs of many an ed. Because the women are in the minority in numbers, should that be any just reason to make them appear any smaller? One must admit half of the projects sponsored by the students of this school—^half of the initial steps of progress undertaken would be nothing if it were not for the enthusiasm and determination of this minority. And furthermore, when the popular “imports” cannot attend “our” social life, who plays the “goat” and adds sparkle to a male’s previously anticipated dull evening? To remedy the cited situations, I suggest a deeper insight into the really genuine group of girls which are on this campus— then more thought would be given before the word “absurd” is tacked behind some helpless co-ed’s name.—A Senior Co-ed.
OpmioD
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent wtll not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column Such opinions are solely those of the writer
Attendance
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $3 50 per year, delivered by carrier, $2 60 per year, sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
EDITORIAL STAFF
Edltor-ln-Cblet — W. T, Hunt Mani«{ng Editor „ EH. Morns Awoetate Editor* ..K. A. Barnette, J. E. Broek, A. H. Forster,
B P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
Stqihomore Assistants _ „ W M. Anthony, D. A Bailey,
J A. Chapin, J, B, Clark, L. S, Hardin,
A. B Keller, E. H Kellogg, K E O’Neil, C D Schroeder, H L Stanback, D. R. Vance
WOMQBN’S STAFF — Helen Creech „ Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Eliabeth Pyke — 3etty Barnett
BUSINESS STAFF Btisiiito> Manager „ NsUonal Advertising Manager Xsieal Advertising Manager .. Oirenlatiim Manager
B. J. Hulse L H. Brown „ D.C. Miller J. P. Girard
^CdilMir.'nii—wM. p—... Aasodtoto Editors
8POBTS STAFF J. „ L. D. Wood -W. H. Flfield, S. R Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
Imne Editor—L. S. Hardin
A college education never hurts anyone willing to learn a thing or two afterwards . . .
JIM MURPHY has been officially dubbed “WRH Doormat”—^his welcome is mainly for BETTY BILLS, a member of that boarding house— JIM may be seen standing at the door morning, noon, and too many evenings , .
The Edgewater Beach Hotel is very particular about who dines and dances in its choice night spot —daring the vacation MAL MORENCY was refused admittance upon a certain occasion after he had once been on the inside—poor boy had to sit by and wait for his date to come collect him . . .
phi gam JOHNNY BRUBAKER and WRH Annexer KHAKI DAVIS are singing a duet these days— their specialization seems toward “love songs” . , .
Rumors state that a new and better (than last year’s) UNION SHOW is about to go into rehear-sal—^try-outs are scheduled to take place within a couple of weeks and then the real work begins when school starts next semester—when a co-ed is good enough to be chosen for the pony chorus of that show, it means she really has got something that very few co-eds have—she CAN REALLY DANCE .. .
ADJECTIVES (In a new form) “Bye Bye Baby” — “LOVER” CLAYPOLE. “With Thee I Swing”—“SPOTS” EMRICK. “You Don't Love Right”—ROSIE BUDGE. Educated—JOHNNY BAKER” Desirable—HERB FISCHBURN Deceiving—WAYNE BIRD. “Yes Man”—BUD PENCE. —In terms of a Home Ec. Stude.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By bichty
‘Miss Snaffle, you simply gotta do something about your nail biting habit.”
“Gimlet” HOGDON and “Stooge” CHAMBERLAIN, while here over
the vacation, got hard up for a
member of the opposite sex—’they noticed a picture of a bathing gal in the paper—^they decided to write her a very sweet little letter—the othr day they received a very very other day they received a very very “Woman Hater” HODGDON blush when said gal is mentioned .
NOTICE—Reamers Club, meeting Monday night—^WIRTH bring CIGARS . . . BUXTON.
LOUISE HANLEY and Union SHOEMAKER are on the outs— LOUISE isn’t wearing JIM’S pin and claims that it’s lost, but we know better—^neither will admit being wrong about a little argument —IS it the other woman that JIM has been running around with ’ ? ?
Rumor has it that changes will be made in the present class attendance rule in the near future. Dissatisfaction with the rule now in effect, on the part of the instructors, has been expressed many times. With a good share of the faculty apparently heartily in favor of a revision, it is likely that attendance will once again become compulsory. But compulsory attendance, before the adoption of the present rule, didn’t mean much. It seems that certain students will cut classes right and left unless there is a monetary penalty attached. And to inflict such a penalty, or even one of lowering grades for absences, would most certainly be a bad step —one which would arouse the utmost opposition from the non-apathetic portion of the student body. Progressive schools remove practically all restrictions on attendance; if Purdue were to restore compulsory attendance even in name only, it would be a step backward, not forward, in education. The remark that is often made about the close relationship between attendance and grades is largely false. Those who cut are those who would make low grades whether they went to clas§ or not. Naturally, there is some relation, but its importance is undoubtedly highly magnified. Another thing that seems out of place is the penalty day ruling, under which those students who have plenty of money may leave Lafayette whenever they choose, without the necessity of waiting for their last classes. The administration can assert all it wants to that having money plays no part, but the facts show4t does. Abolition of penalty days and all other restrictions on class attendance is one of the best things that University officials could do.
Half-baked—STU TRUITT Over-steamed — “Rubber Face” MUELLER. Well-done—“Pretty Boy” GLEN MARTIN. Rich in Fats—Young GINGRICH Coarse Texture—WES DWIGHT Soagy—“Moose-chops” KRAUSE Over-flavored—HARRY HUGHS Over flavored—HARRY HUGHS Too thin—Sigma Nu WILLIAMSON.
The MARS PASSES FOR THIS WEEK ARE TO BE CLAIMED BY “a frail”—MISS FRAIL PLEASE COLLECT THEM AT THE UNION DESK AT NOON TODAY . ..
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
ARC
SUNDAY - MONDAY Clark Gable Jeannette McDonald
in
“SAN FRANCISCO” — also — James Dunn Dorothy Wilson
In
‘BAD BOY”
LAST TIMES TODAY “Winds of the Wasteland”
“And Sudden Death”
“Darkest Africa”
Washington University has five sets of co-ed twins—^half as many as Louisiana State University.
«DEAC’^ HAS EVERTTBING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
MMin
SUNDAY
MONDAY
mYGOBSTOTOWtU FORTHBBBSTLOOKt m GAL IN CHINA
COOKR MADELEINE CARROU , xitHB ^ , MED AT
WILLIAM FRAWLEY DUDLEY DIGGES AKIN TAMIROFF eAKIM TAMiROFPu, ^ 6£NBRAimG,,,mt < 6BNBRAL WHO '^PIBPATDAWN*
PINAL TODAY Gene Autry “RIDE, RANGER, RIDE” and Dick Purcell
In
“KING OF HOCKEY”
H. P. Syfer, C. E. ’27, has just accepted a position as structural designer with the Truscon Steel Company, Youngstown, Ohio. He was formerly connected with the Illifiois Terminal Railroad Company at St. Louis.
The Sigma Nu’s at Oregon State College have introduced the idea of having a hired chapeion at their fraternity during Saturday evenings.
Sun. - Mon. - Tues. - Wed. 2 First Run Hits
STARTING Mid-Nite Show 11:30
Preview Showing of
A Bombardment
of Beauty
An alluring array of youthful loveliness leads the way to romance!
A New Love Team ... singingr “Where Hare You Been All My Life?” and “Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star.”
with Mae Clark - John Payne Sheets Gallagher 3 Radio Troupes
Plus Second Feature
Laughs! Thrills! Romance! The story of a beautiful manicurist who was catapulted to fame and glory because she drew the winning ticket in the sweepstakes!
with Patricia Parr William Bakewell''f!
day, Jangary 9^ 1937
1CHB PtJRDtJE EXPONENT
Netmen Open Difficult Series Squad WiU Face Michigan, Iowa, Indiana, and Illinois Tonight the Boilermaker squad will open a series of four games to be play'ed within a period of slightly more than a week—Michigan tonight, Iowa on Monday, Indiana on January 16, and Illinois oh January 18. Tonight will see six other Big Ten teams opposing each other, aside from the Purdue-Michigan game, namely Northwestern vs. Iowa, Illinois vs. Wisconsin and Indiana vs. Chicago. Northwestern is rated to win their game but Iowa, a pre-sea-son favorite, has only lost one game, and has a good chance to win if she shows that scrappiness she had in a Ihst period comeback during the Indiana game.
Jell Stops Hot Bogs^ Winniiig Streak, 17-16 Coach Abie Master’s Jefferson five snapped Frankfort’s string of 38 consecutive victories last night by a 17-16 margin. McDowell, stellar Broncho forward, not only led both teams in scoring with eight points but also fired the winning basket through the hoop in the waning moments of the game.
Purdue Fencers Lose Opening Tilt To Cincinnati Coach R. V. Finney’s fencing team opened its season by losing to Cincinnati, nine and one-half to seven and one-half. The University squad won five out of nine foils ^matches; two out of four epee matches (one resulted in a tie); none out of four sabre matches.
OTHER SCORE West Side, 27; Flora, 24.
UNKISSED RIVER-BRIDE... HALF SAVAGE, HALF SWEET!
%
C-
llWji* mt«At only lovtn*hor man I *.. Ulll^ Mril li«r $fngln* •nd dindn'... alone... wfth nil the men making love... •Mept the one $hc wantedi
A DRAMA WITH MUSICI Th« locale "Tobacco Rood"l The otmecphofo of "Stoamboot 'Round^ the Bond"l
martin I 4 DAYS Starting TOMORROW
Final Today ‘BORN TO DANCE’’
S//VSS
VOU/WO
Jewell “Brig” Young and Johnny Sines, will be chief menace to the Wolverines’ bid for prominence in this year’s Big Ten hardwood race, when the Michigan quintet invades the Boilermaker camp tonight. Young, Purdue’s leading scorer, collected 27 of Purdue’s 43 points in the season’s Big Ten opener against Wisconsin last Monday ,and Sines is second high
point man on the squad.
Racquetmen Swing Today University Players To Battle I. A. C. Team Ten squash matches will be staged today at 2:30 p. m. at the varsity court, 211 North Ninth street, between the University team and the Indianapolis Athletic Club. This is one of two annual meets between the Boilermakers and the capital city squashmen. H. Allen, M. L. Clevett, and Bob Tzucker will represent the faculty in the first three matches, while Lucek, Fields, Wakefield, Sokolowski, Juve, Jackson, and Moses will each take his turn for the varsity. Last year the Vniversity squad, and the Indianapolis Athletic Club broke even in their two meets.
BASKETBALL Monday ^Court 1, Abell 00—Ward 2 vs. Ward 17X. 15— Ward 6 vs. Ward 14. 25— Delta Tau Delta vs. Delta Chi 40—Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Court 2, Hobart 00—^Ward 13 vs. Ward 11. 16— Ward 9 vs. Ward 17. 26— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 40—Kappa Sigma vs. Delta Sigma Lambda. Court 3, McDonald 00—^Ward 4 vs. Ward 17A. 15—Pirathon vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 25—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. The ta Tau. 40—Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Pi.
2>a * POWELL
BLONDELL
IMI r« llHM taM«t Ms Sms Wt«« Firir ta >liKl WaF* “Sptaklat Of Tfta WMffiar■‘Lat’aPMtOiirHcwfoToaatbw'* “09li Dfa<*rs LhIM}/"
Beg Your Pardon— Bryan Was Winner Contrary to the statement in yesterday’s Exponent “One Punch’’ Bryan defeated “Joe” Louis Giles in the Purdue Golden Gloves finals.
University Gerical Exams This Morning Examinations for clerical workers and stenographers who wish to work for the University will be held today. The clerical exams will start at 10 o’clock in the Education Building, while the stenographic examination will be held in the Lafayette Business College this afternoon.
World’s Greatest Love Story Coming To Mars Friday Romeo and Juliet, Shakespeare’s unforgettable romance, will be presented at the Mars Theatre Friday andSaturday of next week. Boasting the screen’s most versatile stars including Norma Shearer, Leslie Howard, John Barrymore, Edna May Oliver, Basil Rathbone, C. Aubrey Smith and hundreds in the supporting cast, the picture is claimed to be the most elaborate ever shown on any screen. All seats will be reserved for each performance and will be on sale Monday. In this issue will be found a special student discount reserved seat blank that can be used in ordering tickets. Blanks may be obtained at Lounge office in the Memorial Union Building.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Rent — Large downstairs room. Phone 46904.
Wanted—^Room for two students with cooking privilege, bedding and cooking utensils unnecessary. Call 76863 after 6 p. m.
Lost—Rimless glasses left on the locker 847 gym* Please call Mitchell, 36562.
Lost—Two rings, black onyx with diamond and small diamond ring, either in Education Building or Library Saturday. Reward. Williamsport phone No. 63.
For Sale—Tuxedo, size 40, practically new, with two vests, ’ tie, shirt, studs. Reasonable* Phone 41291.
Lost—Wallet, probably at Deac’s or Mars Theatre Sunday. Reward. Call Wray, 3301.
Lost—^Waterman pen and pencil Thursday. Name on pencil. Reward Call 7962.
ieider’s.... ....choice ■«By Bdb Walpole ■4 We got out the slide rule last night and went to work on the basketball team ... here’s what we found, and our results were checked . . . if the entire hardwood squad were laid .end to end they would stretch 125.681 feet . . . which reminds us of an old joke ... if you have heard it don’t listen ... should all the boarders from coast to coast be laid end to end, they would reach —fc— The Purdue net squad averages five feet 11.76 inches . . . the total weight of the squad is almost two tons, totaling 3,578 pounds, or an average of 170.2 pounds per man.. —^fc— Boxer Trcka li^ed up to R. O. T. C. summer camp record as a scrapper . . . believe we mentioned earl-
ier this season, tlmt we wenld telle to meet Turk ht a dark atie^.wiHi a chip on his shoulder,.. ——fc— Michigan’s Wolverines toidght . .. the game will he plenty toi^h, and don’t think for a minute that Michigan won't offer some fine competition . . . that game at Ann Arbor last year was one of the most thrilling the Western Conference has ever witnessed, and most of that squad has returned with additional experience . . . —fc—' Some of Purdue’s mintar sports have seen a lot of action, bdt the national championship pistol team is still in the infant stages of practice . . . the group numbers some 45 candidates now, and it will have to be cut down before any serious competition is held. . .
Critics give a slight edge to the Wisconsinmen in their battle with Illinois. Indiana has top-heavy odds against Chicago.
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY Adult 1937 Ballroom Classes Open BEGINNER’S Wednesday, January ISth, 7:30 P. M.
ADVANCED
Friday, January ISth, 7:30 P. M. INDIANA’S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL
6th and Ferry Streets
PHONE ^150
ALLEN’S
U. S.Trenchcoats
$3.50 and $3.95 Regular Value $5.00
DEWENTER’S
416 MAIN
cA'idu/iM iicJieJ' /.HEALTH
DOC PRESCRIBES Different Surroundings FOR TIRED MINDS When your books seem to be getting the best of you and you feel tied to your de^, k’s time for a change. A little recreation will do much to give your mind a rest. We suggest the Billiard Room in the Union Building.
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE PURDUE
MEMORIAL UNION Corner of iht CctapHs—Grw^ ofrage ypar
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, January 9,1937
One hundred per cent of the engineers who graduated from the University of Detroit last June are now employed, according to Ralph R. Johnson, industrial co-ordinator.
Tony Acquila, stadium groundkeeper at Ohio State Univei'sity, says that it takes 10 men from four to seven days to clean up the sta-
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Oflfice
dium after a game. After the Pitt game his men removed 76 tubs of rubbish from the grounds.
Three of the main rooms of the new Biology building at the University of Notre Dame will be air conditioned to afford an even temperature the year around.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
KEYS Keys for tmnkg, door locks, desk locks, nicrht latches and padlocko. Anto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2628 Lafayette, Ind.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist lIO'/z Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 The thinking fellow calls
A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
POPCORN-CANDY
Cigrarettes ‘ Shoe Laces Dad’s Place
Tobacco Razor Blades
Cigars Etc.
So Handy
s hme SHOE ICE-SKATES
$4.00 to $7.95
JOHN SPERB, Haw.
822 Main St.
STOP"^ THINK
DO YOU LOOK LIKE SANTA CLAUS A SHAVE AND A HAIRCUT . . . will bring you from a mythical name to a well groomed man. "It pays to look well," and it is our business to see that you do. Meet the barbers: Isf Chair—Joe Knott 2nd Chair—Charles Orman 3rd Chair—"Pick" Pickering 4th Chair—Robert Minnick 5th Chair—Joe Clark
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE PURDUE MEMORIAL ( UNION 1 ^ ( Corner of Campus—Center of Activity
By OUVB SCHATZLEY
Methodist Students: The freshman commission of the Wesley Foundation will have a breakfast meeting tomorrow morning at 8 o’clock at the Foundation House. The Sunday school classes will meet as usual at 9:30. The co-ed class, with Mrs. McFadden as the teacher, will meet at the Foundation House, and the Men’s class will be taught by Reverend McFadden. at the church. Rev. Steele will speak on “The Supreme Need” at the regular worship service at 10.40. There will be the usual Fellowship hours and supper at the Foundation House at 5. The Wesley Players will present their road play “The First And The Last,” at Epworth League services at 6:30,
Presbyterian Students: The program of the Presbyterian students is presented at Central Presbyterian Church, at the corner of Seventh and Columbia streets. The school of Religion meets at 9:30 in the student rooms of the church. Discussion groups will be conducted by Dr. Graves and Mr. Findley. Morning worship at 10:45. Dr. Graham will preach. The Sunday Evening Club will meet at 6:30 After supper Mrs. Findley will lead the group in singing some of the good hymns, old and new.
Baptist Students: Dean Fisher will teach the regular Sunday school hour tomorrow morning at 9:30. Rev. J. B. Gleason will give as his morning sermon “Knowledge —A Pathway To The Reality Of God.” Roger Williams Club social hour will be at 5:30 p. m. with supper at 6. Rev. J. B. Gleason will speak on “Let Me Call You Sweetheart.”
Christian Students: The student class will meet at 9:30. Revereni Mullen will preach on “The Purpose Of Worship.” In the afternoon a group will go to DePauw University. There the local Endeavor will have charge of the program. The evening services will be held at 7:30, with Reverend Mullen as speaker.
Episcopal Students—Services tomorrow will celebrate the Octave of the Feast of the Epiphany with Holy Communion at 8 a. m, and 10.45. The program of the Young Peoples’^Fellowship will be a talk on “Stamps” by Prof. George Hawkins at 7 p. m. Supper will be served at 6 o’clock.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p. nt.
University Orchestra—Ketiearsal changed to next Tuesday, January 12. —PHILLIPS.
Chemistry Students—Examinations for the removal of C grades in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be given in room 101, Education Building, January 9, 1 to 4 p. m. Those concerned make applications in room 210 of Chemistry Building, before January 8.
Chemistry 30, 108—Condition examinations will be given in room 101, Education Building at 1 p. m., January 16. Applications must be made by January 15. —NELSON.
Reamer Club—Important meeting January 11 at 8 p. m. in room 1 of the Union. Wirth please bring cigars. * —BUXTON.
W. A. A. Ping-Pong—The following pingpong games must be played by January 11: Edson vs. Lemon, Gran vs. Petticrew, Reverda vs. Yerkes, Maier vs. George, Ruth vs. Riechers, MacDermid vs. Pfeifer, Gossard vs. H. Plank, Lochner vs. M. Johnson. There are two tables available at the gymnasium now. —MAIEE
Golden Gloves Finalists—Pictures of winners and runner-ups in the Golden Glove finals last Thursday will be taken in the Memorial Gymnasium at 4:30 p. m. January 12. —MAXWELL.
CROWN has adopted the New Method of CLEANING SUEDE JACKETS Eveness of color, the original softness and lustre is returned to your Suede jacket when cleaned by this NEW scientific method. Obown Laubdby FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
To The 100 News Names Here Are The Answers (Continued from page 1)
1. Title of popular magazine article; also title of recent movie. 2. English lady who married Douglas Fairbanks. 3. Muncie, Ind., manufacturer who financed the Van Sweringen R. R. operations and won. 4. Prime minister of England. Credited with having secured the abdication of King Edward. 6. Speaker of the House, U. S. congress. 6. English golt champion. 7. Head of French government. 8. Husband of Anna Roosevelt Dali now Hearst editor. 9. A horse—winner of derby races. 10. Famous columnist; died. 11. Candidate for president on communist ticket. 12. New president of Cuba. 13. Speaker of the House; died. 14. Famous radio minister; died. lo. Refers to an attempt to arrest and punish ambulance chasers. 16. John L. Lewis’ Committee for Industrial Organization. 17. Radio priest whose political ambitions collapsed during recent campaign. 18. U. S. Senator from Michigan; died. 19. Daughter of Madame Curie, now in politics. 20. Vice-President of U. S. ’29-’33; died. 21. Great grain broken in Chicago; died. 22. Movie star ol the year. 23. Secretary of War; died. 24. Former King Edward VHI. 25. New king, George VI of England. 26. Famous writer ot humorous [productions , died. 27. Daughter of millionaire—^recently became engaged to Franklin D. Roosevelt, Jr. 28. Great Britain’s secertary of foreign affairs. 29. A plan presented by Secretary of State Hull to leaders in South America. 30. Winner of world air race. 31. Postmaster General and chairman Democratic National Committee. 32. General of rebel army in Spain. 33. President University of Wisconsin dismissed yesterday by board of regents. 34. Former king of England. Died January, ’36. ( 35. Chief body guard to President Roosevelt. Died in South America. 36. Until recently president of Cuba. 37. Famous Russian novelist; died. 38. Heroine of terrible airplane tragedy. 39. Chairman National Committee Republican party. 40. A famous mining engineer; died. 41. Convicted and executed for kidnaping of Lindbergh baby. 42. Recent recruit to President Roosevelt’s “brain trust.” 43. Refeis to the assembling of great scholars from all over the world for the 300th anniversary of the founding of Harvard. 44. U. S. Senator from West Virginia in revolt with party leaders. 45. Chief of G-Men in Washington. 46. Many years private secretary to President Roosevelt; died. 47. Hailed as greatest baseball pitcher of the year. 48. Statement on Literary Digest cover following national election. 49. Expert woman swimmer prevented from participation in Olympic games. 50. Detroit clergyman now chairman of federated council of churches in America. 51. Yale football hero rated America’s greatest player of the year. 52. Poet laureate of England; died. 53. Governor of Wisconsin and leader of radical political party 54. Candidate for president on farmer labor ticket. 55. Influential labor leader. 56 An anti-New Deal political organization. 57. Kansas educator, author of biography of Roosevelt campaign book, entitled “Half-Way With Roosevelt.” 68. Author of best seller, “Return To Religion.” 69. A murderer who was himself murdered in prison. 60. Colored prize fighter. 61. Tennis champion defeating Helen Hull Jacobs. °
Glider Club—All fellows desiring helmets notify me January 9. Call 6071. —WILTSHIRE.
Glider Club—Meet at tow car garage at 1 p. m. January 9 for work session. —O’NEAL.
W. A. A. Tumbling—Compulsory meeting January 11 at 4 p. m. —WALKER.
Sportswomen—^Important meeting at W. A. A. cabin January 10 at 8 a. m. —WALKER,
P. I. A. Dance Class—January ll promptly at 7 p. m. in Memorial Union ballroom. —BUXTON.
W. A. A. Biflery—January 11, 7 p. m., Freshmen vs. Seniors ; 7:45, Sophomores vs. Juniors. —RICHEY,
Don Heap, star halfback of the Northwestern University football team is flying high these days. He has been doing solo flying in the aeroplane which he and four other students bought. Heap expects to apply for a private pilot’s license soon.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
SUDDEN Service
□
P' ■ s
RINTING,, OIHe* Stallonsiy . P 1 Wsddins InvilatioM
PHONE " Wti Books,Ele..., j ? 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408lfERRp j
, 62, A Holland girl ,who won the Olympic swimming contest. 63. Ten year old boy recently kidnaped in Tacoma, Washington. 64. Winner of 1936 automobile race. 66. Author of best seller novel “Gone With The Win&.” 66. Recently retired after 54 years as chief of secret service in Washington. 67. Reelected U. S. senator from Nebraska on independent ticket. 68. Famous author of plays who was recent winner of Nobel prize. 69. Outstanding winner at Olympic games. 70. High church official from Rome. Recent visitor to the U. S. 71. Physician who launched campaign against social diseases. 72. Famous French fashion designer; died. 73. Former president of Wellesley. 74. English tennis champion. 76. Pope of Rome seriously ill. 76. Soprano Metropolitan Opera. 77. Recently made chief body guard of President Roosevelt. 78. Refers to questionable expenditure of millions of dollars of government money in Maine. 79. Former Governor of Maryland and three times contender for presidential nomination ; died. 80. Famous Canadian doctor who sur-
vived mine disaster. 81. Learned historian; died. 82. Defeated Joe Louis in prize fight. 83. Famous singer ; died. 84. Former emperor of Abyssinia, defeated by Italians. 86. Golf champion. 86. A woman who uncrowned a king. 87. Admiral United States navy; died. 88. Inherited mantel of Huey Long. 89. Famous sculptor; died. 90. Movie star of the year. 91. Child movie star who led in box office receipts. 92. Candidate for president of U. S. on socialist ticket. 93. Refers to men representing U. S. treasury in collecting unpaid taxes and various other revenues. 94. Author of old age pension plan. 95. Famous “brain truster” recently retired to enter private business. 96. One of the two remarkable B. R. promoters who recouped fortunes lost in the depression; died. 97. German pacifist, winner of Nobel peace prize. 98. Secretary of Agriculture. Probably best known member of Roosevelt’s cabinet. 99. Retiring president of Mt. Holyoke college. 100. Congressman from Washington who succeeded in making a fool of himself; later a suicide.
SPECIAL STUDENT DISCOUNT APPLICATION FOR RESERVED SEATS for Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet" with Norma Shearer and Leslie Howard PLAYING MARS THEATRE JANUARY 15 AND 16, 1937
number of tickets
Name Address IS entitled to purchase at per ticket.
This application must be presented at the Mars Theatre box'office before January 15 in order to obtain special Education Cooperation ad-
vance sale discount rate.
Signed: Instructor School
Special
Discount Rate
.55 .35
MATINEES Regular Orchestra, Loges and Boxes 83 Balcony 55
EVENINGS Regular Orchestra, Loges and Boxes 1.10 Balcony Front , 83 Balcony Balance 55
Special Discount Rate .83 .55 No Discount
(Two Perfqmances Daily—2:15 P. M. and 8:30 P. M.) The Above Discount Prices All include the Sales Tax
Box Office Open Daily Beginning Monday, January 11, 11 A. M. to 9 P. M.
The above coupon entitles a student to purchase more than one ticket to attend at the discount rate, enabling the parents, other members o(.the family or friends to see the road-show with the student.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at Tth
Phone 6050
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
The Tip-Off
AVOID TRAFFIC CONGESTIONS RIDE THE STREET CAR TO AND FROM THE GAME— THE SAFE SURE WAY
UFAYEHE STREET RAmY CO.