LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1936
NUMBER 106
p.:Eddy^^^^^ Speak Here Monday At 8
Author, Baek From European Tour, Will Address Gonvocation
“Dare We Be Christian” will be discussed by Dr. Sherwood Eddy, author, lecturer, and world traveler, before an open convocationj in Eliza Fowler Hall Monday night at 3 o’clock. t)r. Eddy recently returned frofh an extended tour of Russia, Germany, Poland, Austria, France and Great Britain, where he made an intensive study of the European situation. Dr. Eddy graduated from Yale University in 1891 and went to India at his own expense shortly afterwards where he became Asiatic Secretary for the Y. M. G. A. after fifteen years’ ivork. He then returned to this country and conducted student meetings throughout the nation. In Manchuria In 1931 he was in Mukden, Manchuria, at the time of its capture by the Japanese. He attended a meeting of German officials in Berlin in 1933 and rebuked the Nazis for their treatment of the Jews, liberals and radicals. He is personally acquainted with hundreds of world leaders including the Prime Minister of England and Viceroy of India, Mahatma Ghandi, Klagawa of Japan, and Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek of China. Dr. Eddy has written many «Continued on page 4)
Today Is The Saturday Of ■ Saturdays
Ebershoff To Play For IVeasure
Kenny Ebershoff And bis (k)M and Black Aces will furnish the music for tonight’s treasure hunt mixer. Ebershoff’s band will feature Pat Clinton, trunapeter, and “Chick” Jackson, clarinetist; Af i0:30 the location of the first note for the treasure hunt will be announced from the bandstand. This first note will lead to a series of notes located throughout the Memorial Union Building; The last note will be a symbol to be exchanged for the prize.
Siver Faltipg Inch Hourly
Wdbiish Recedes After Highest Since 1913
Dr; Davis Will Talk At Gonvo
Speaker On Six Previous Occasions To Come Here March 15 , ■ .
By R. P. Maidoffi “Thirty days has September”. And . . . and February" has five Saturdays this year—an event as rare as the proverbial “blue moon” or “a coon’s age”. And this is the
fifth.
So what? Well, at least it must have been a happy thought for those who* go to the cashier’s window each Saturday for a pay check. And for those students Who herald Saturday as a relief from the drudgery of classes, or for those who attend a mixer, or go home each Saturday. To get back to the rarity of the occurrence, there have not been five Saturn’s days in the second month of the year since 1908. In
Dr. Ralph Marshall Davis, pastor of the Church of the Covenant, Erie, Pa., will deliver the religious convocation for March in Eliza Fowler Hall, March 15, For the past six years Dr. Davis has been the speaker at the initial gathering in the series of these talks. His subject last year, on the last Sunday in September, waS “New Careers for Truth”. Because of his excellent style in speaking before public groups and the genei’al esteem held for him on the campus. Dr. Davis has been chosen for a talk each year. He arouses umisUal interest with his correlation of biblical events and history with those of the present time. Choir The convocation program will be supplemented by singing of the University Choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart. The singing will include: “Inflammatus est”, from the oratorio “Stabat Mater”, by Rossini, with Charlotte Sltewart in the Soprano solo part; “Fierce with the Wild Billow”, by Noble, following the address; “The Glo ria”, by Tschesnokoff; and choral responses.
Wabash river is receding at the rate of approximately an inch an hourj after reaching a peak of 25.50 feet according to the government gauge at Brown Street bridge, This height, the greatest since 1913, was reached Thursday night at eight o’clock, and by yesterday noon the river had fallen about a foot. Late last night T. H. Hill, University weather observer, reported a rising temperature with no x-ain forecast for today. He said that there was no immediate danger of another rise of the Wabash. Pumps Affected The pump room of, the West Lafayette pumping station was reached by the water, and the handicapped pumps were aided by the University auxiliary pumps in keeping up the pressm*e in the mains during Thursday afternoon and night. Regular operations were resumed after the water had receded from the pump room. Alex Mathieson, Chief engineer, reported that the water mark thei-e came within 53 inches of the 1913 peak.
Ill Crucial Battle
Kesslerf LainbCrt^ ElUott Will Make Fimd Home Appearances This Evening
liM
PROBABLE LINEUP
PURDUE POSITION Kessler (C)—.——— F
Ypung..... ..... ...V F
Elliott......... ....... ......... . ........... G
Malaska..-...................i............... G ....... ..... ..
Lainbert.,.................................. G ..........................Suesens Officials—Referee, Jensen, Evansville; umpire, Craig, Chi-
cago. '■■■
By'Gene-HayS'
IOWA
Rosenthal (C) ........Schwartst .......Drees ..van Ysseldyk
I
Captain Bob Kessler, All-Ameri-can forward, will lead the Boilermaker squad in his final home appearance this evening in the game with Iowa.
they take the floor against Iowa in the last home game of the current season at 7:30 o’clock in the Jefferson high school gymnasium. A victory tonight is essential to the retention of the lead in the Big Ten, particularly in view of the game with
the strong Michigan team at
Plan Annual Air Carnival
Capt. Aret^ Attends Aircraft Trades Meeting in Indianapolis
Moore Improves Electric Motor
Editox’’s Note: This is the first of a series of articles that will appear under this heading and will attempt to present to readers some unusual facts regarding many of the person-
fact there have been only 6 sficl^ ^ alities- on Purdue’s staff.
happenings since the signing of the T* Delclaration of Independence, 1776, up to and including 1936—a period
of 160 years.
Following 1776, a February with five Saturdays did not appear xintil 36 years later—1812; and again the United States Was fighting, this time for her independence on the sea. Next came' 1840, 1868, 1896, 1908 (a period of only twelve years there, the shortest since ’76)
and 1936.
Of' course in order to include five Saturdays, February, must come in and go out on that day, and only a leap year can fill that purpose. Other five-Saturday months in 1936 are May, August and October. There will be no other leap year containing a five-Saturday February until 1964.
Lambda Chi’s Move
Members of Lambda Chi fraternity will establish themselves in their new residence on Sixth and Waldron Streets, West Lafayette today. The moving process, from 1109 South Street, Lafayette, started yesterday afternoon and will be finished today. The lower story of the new home has been complete' ly finished and decorated.
D. W. Moore, sophomore in the school of electrical engineering has been granted two week’s leave from his classes by Pres. E. C, Elliott for research in the electrical engineering labs on a new type of electric motor. Moore’s invention raised the efficiency of a motor on which he was working thirty per cent, a remarkable saving in electricity. The motor is universal for alternating or direct current and would cost less to manufacture than many present type motors.
Capt- L. I. Aretz, University aviation instructor, attended the annual election meeting of the Indiana Aircraft Trades Association yesterday in the Indianapolis Athletic club at which plans Wei’c made for the eighth annual Indiana air tour, which each year takes a sky caravan of fifty or sixty privately owned and piloted planes on a week’s fiight to more than a score of Indiana cities.
Ann Arbor next week Capt. Bob Kessler, AllAmerican forward; Austin ‘Red” Lambert, stellar perfprmer at guard; Ed Elliott, Centex*, all senior veterans, this year, will play their last home game for the Boilermakers when they meet Iowa’s Hawkeyes here tonight. The play of these men has been a great factor in the x’ecord compiled by Lambert’s teams the last three years and their graduation will leave vacancies hax^d to fill.
All Three Stars
Kessler, money-player supreme, has turned the tide in manjr games with his uncanny accuracy at the basket, while Lambert has done much to prevent opposing teams (Continued on page 4)
Lane WiU Talk To Sigma Xi
I
Hydraulics, Authority To Speak At 8 Tuesda,y
Frank E. Ball, Muncie, association president, was in charge of the session at which proposed legislatioii affecting aeronautics in Indiana, scheduled fox consideration at the expected special session of (Continued on page 4)
Reservations For Carimita Available^
URD.UE
Ward “Piggy” Lambert
By R. H. Walpole.
Raised in the cx’adle of the best basketball of .the entire United States, Ward (better known as “Piggy’’) Lambert wns raised with hardwood as his middle name. “Piggy” was born . in Deadwood, South Dakota, but soon moved to Crawfordsville. Little did he realize that he would have the best coaching record ever developed in the conference of fast-moving net
teams—-the Big Ten.
“Piggy”, however, was not en-
tirely a basketball man, for duriiig his high school and college career as an athlete, he won letters in three major sports. It is hard to believe, but “Piggy”, then 114 pounds of skin and bones, played quarterback pn the Wabash football team throughout his sophomore year after being kept away from basketball because of his size. He finally persuaded the coach to put him oh the basketball squad during his sophomore year and he was hi^h fioint man that season on one of the best teams that college has ever known. Baseball was also predominant in his athletic activities. In fact, this game was so thoroughly mastered that at the close of his freshman year, he was offered a major league contract to
... Purdue’s “Fundamentalist” continue baseball as a professional. P. G.’ed At Miiuiesota A brief resume of the life hf Ward Lambert indicates the athletic activity of our dean of the hardwood. “Piggy” spent the early part of his life at Crawfordsville, graduated from that high school, and then attended Wabash College. Following his graduation at the “Little Giant” institution, he took a post . graduate course in chemistry at the University of Minnesota. When he finished his P G.’ing at the Gopher institution, a contract awaited him to teach and coach basketball at Lebanon (Indiana) high school.
Pux’due got its first glimpse of their coach in 1917, when Lambert started out as head basketball coach. He coached for a year and then entered the service during the war, acting as athletic officer at Fort Knox. He returned to the campus in 1919 to find that he had a basketball game scheduled two days later. The team didn’t fare so well that season, the only year since Coach Lambert has held the reins that the Boilermakers have finished their scheduled tilts out of the first division. Since that time, in fact in 15 years, the Boilermakers, coached by the wiry little man, have won or tied for eight Westex’n Gonference championships. Two years ago the- Old Gold and Black five won the undisputed Big Ten championship and last year they shared the title with Wisconsin and Illinois. A “Fundamentalist” Lambert is a believer in fundamentals on the basketball floor. His style of basketball is elastic; he fits his style of play to the material in hand. Following the theory that basketball is a “habit” game, Lambert has evidence in his four All-Americans. Johnny Wooden, “Stretch” Murphy, Norman Gottorn and Bob Kessler are the pupils of the “habit” game developed by the nervous mentor.
“Piggy” loves his game. Tf you don’t think he is interested in every play, watch him tonight at his position on the center of the bench.
Reservations for the Student Union production, “Carmita”, may be secured by sending reservation blanks to the Student Union Box Office in care of the Mars theater. These blanks may be obtained at the Union, Deac’s, Southworth’s, the Residence Halls, and the College Inn Cafeteria. Tickets for the show are priced at 50 cents for orchesti’a and 35 cents for balcony seats. The seat allotment will be made in the order that blanks are received. Regular ticket sales begin on March 7, at the Mars box office. Reserved tickets may be called for on March 5 and cash must be paid upon receipt of the tickets. Reserved tickets will not be held after March 9.
Corps Day Inspection To Pick Best Battery
Competitive inspection of batteries will take up the greater portion of Corps Day on Tuesday. Following the presentation of the boxing medals to the winners of the final rounds w:hich were fought last Tuesday, each battery will be inspected and rated. The final inspection will be made by the board Of officers, after the best battery in each regiment has been selected. Merits and citaiJions.will be given the winning battery and mei’its will be given to the two runners up.
Prof. E. W. Lane, of the University of Iowa, a Purdue graduate who has distinguished himself in the field of hydraulics research, will present an illustrated lecture on “Hydraulic Model Studies for Design of Large Dams” before an operi meeting of the University chapter" of Sigma Xi, honorary re-' seax’ch fraternity, on Tuesday evening at 8 o’clock in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. In his address, which will be illustrated with motion pictures. Prof. Lane will deal with the mpdji tests used for the design of tfee spillways and other features of such structux"es as Boulder and Gx’and Coulee dams. 1912 Graduate Professor Lane, who is the son of W. W. Lane, 1038 Heath street, Lafayette, the secretary and treasurer of the Lafayette Life Insurance Co., was graduated from the Purdue school of civil engineering in 1912, and two years later received the C" E. degree from Cornell. Since gx’aduation ne has had a vast amount of practical experience in the hydraulics field. Among" the projects that he has been connected with are fiood px"otection in the Miami Conservancy District; flood control in China; St. Lawrence Waterways Board and Mississippi flood control. Fx"om 1929-to 1935 he was research engineer in charge of hydraulic x’esearch for the U. S. Bureau of Reclamation, and last year was appointed professor of hydraulics at the University of Iowa, which position he holds at the present time.
WIND To Broadcast University Program A program dedicated to the University, and directed to Hoosier youths, will be broadcast from 1:30 to 1:45 this afternoon over station WIND, Gary. Interesting facts about the University will comprise the program, which , is to be supervised by Mx^e. John Lairy;
33 Graduate Receives Research Position
Robert F. Reitemeier, ’33, been appointed to woi'k out phys-ico-chemical aspects of the problem in soil coiiseiwation at the university of Arizona. The research though carx'ied on at the xmiversity of Arizona, will be held secret for the Shell Chemical Company of Ban Francisco. Since his graduation here, Reitemeier has gained his master’s de» gree at Missouri University and has continued his gradxiate study there, running investigations bn crystalline daix"y producte. He is a member of Phi Kappa fraternity.
all
sp,
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Beta Sigmia Psi fraternity an-
noxmc^ the pledging of 0. %
. - . - - iRenner, S. D,; K H. of Logansport, sponsor of the fea- harm, Brooklyn, N. Y.; and B. A.
» Kubiss, Chicago, III.
'i IS, 1 ■ iililiiSr" j fi..'
4- ■
tKftc l^ttrbtte exponent
{Vended in 18M
■ .198B-1986'. \ ■ Member Associated CoHegiate Press Distribntoir of COLLEGIATE .DIGEST. ., ■
Idoniber National College Press Assoeiation, Big Ten Editorial Association ^Bxelttdively Represented by National Advertisincr Service, Inc* 420 Madison Avenue, New Yorit City
pledging. Such ft first emphasis on studying and lightens the problems of orientation that all freshmen must meet.
Entered as second class matter, at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mtil, SS.SO per year; delivered by carrier, $2.50 pfer year; Sold by Qingle copy, 2 Cents.
Business Phone 5088
MAIN OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street;
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publij^tion of Purdue University
EDITOKIAL STAFF
Editor-in.Chief....„ V. Heusw Managing Editor— ..................»j.„..........C._H.^CiMpbeIl Associate Editors A. M.J3toteen, C. M. ^fdin. W. T. Hunt, E. H. Morns, M. G., Walther Sports Editor - —.....—....N. E. Hays Associate Sports i^itors..... ^ D, P. Mull, R. H. Walpole, L. D. Wopd Bcg>homore Assistants...—-. - ; K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forester, C. Harper, Jr., R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler. R. C. Schenk, J. L. von Harz Bold and Black Editor. .. .......:...W. R. Abbott
Business Manager.. Advertising Manager.; ... Advertising Assistants Circulation Manager........... Circulation Assistants
Editof.............; , ., Associate Editors ......... Advertising Manager .........
Saturday, February 29, 1936. Issue Editor—J. L. von Harz« Olympic Gompetition Sans Purdue The announcement that Purdue’s basketball team will liot enter Olympic competition came as a shock to those wjho were expecting to see the Boilermakers try for the top rung of the nation’s ladder and make an attempt to place part of the squad on the boat for Germany and the international games. “Piggy” Lambert and the team should be congratulated on their decisioh. If Purdue had entered the tournament, it would only have been for the purpose of reaching the top. Let’s thinTc it through. When the Big Ten basketball Seasons ends next Saturday, Purdue will have completed its twentieth game, twelve of them involving Big Ten foes. The path to the Games involves three, three-game tournaments; the district at Indianapolis or Chicago, the sectional at Iffinneapolis, and the finals. at Madison Square Gardens in New York. These matches will not only bring college against college, but the professional amateurs of the A. A. U: will be represented by super teams of long standing. Throughout the year Purdue’s squad has been keyed to a keen edge to meet such foes as Temple, N. Y. U., Notre Dame and the six Big Ten foes of the season. To keep up that pace for another month would mean a physical breakdown of a
fast, shifty team.
There is one disappointing'feature. Through the medium of Olympic competition, the post-season restrictions of the Western Conference could be side-stepped for a tilt with our friends at Bloomington. On November 23, last, another “I” was added to an Old Oaken Bucket. Football must tread time until next November, but a basketball victory would be at least a comforting salve. In spite of this, Purdue has been wise to concentrate its efforts on winning the Big Ten crown and to leave Olympic competition to others.
Go’Round And’E-Oiind About this same time every year, one can see the effects on the Purdue Oval of the “walker-acrossers”. Naturally enough when the cold winds blow, students want to go places by the shortest route, and, naturally enough, there is little hesitation about walking across the Oval. One can see the effects of these short-cuts by noting the well-w:om paths leading from Eliza Fowler Hall to Ilniversity Hall. Each of these paths represent hundreds of violations of ane of the oldest and best traditions of this University. Each path is a monument to the many students who have thoughtlessly taken a short-cut—just to save a few seconds. Why destroy something that has such a definite, practical, artistic, and se:^timental value ? Has the sudden demand for speed and the saving of j time become more importaiit than the preserving of the backbone of a college—its traditions? Think it over, and remember, when next you are tempted to cross the Gval, that a true Boilermaker—rgoes ’round. —E. H. M.
Courtship consists of a man chasing a woman until she catches him.—Daily Illini,
BUSINESS STAFF
W. A. Koch
. ...; H. F. Antonini
1.. H. Brown, R. Creek, D. C. Miller : R. J. Hulse ,J. G. Girard, G. R. Shields
WOMEN’S STAFF
.. Joyce Williams .... . . ......... . . ...’. . ..Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann ....; Josephine Perkins
SW the x^ose-i ‘HJur Carrie” we award theVMARS douWe-^pass’ to Speetator. Pick theia up at the Unidli desk at 6ne. Better wBar a disguise ’cause Garrie’ll probably be there, too. I met her oii a nite: in Jooh benethe a warmish yello moon she kiszed me wonce she kizsed me
twyce
thn caym the shoes tin canz & ryce Now i’m razing a familee of 5 and there’z no more poetree in my
•lyfe. ’
—Duke of Undaware. Grimmy is paying blackmail to the sisters about a little Treeoubles . . . ho hum! , Little Audrey’s mother was cooking dinner when the stove puffed and the mater’s dress caught on fire. However, our little ray of sunshine just laughed and laughed because she’d seen her mother smoke before. When Pifi dates give up in disgust and go to the movies in top hat, white tie, and tails there is certainly SOME misunderstanding. OH YEAH . . . If you get a co-ed date You say, “I rate!” But if you don’t And the brothers do You are
Irate.
—Sweepings. The Indianapolis papers want a picture ,of Martinet, leader Of the Cotillion, and home town girl who made good. If they only knew Stallings.
See yon at the game
CO-ED ITS
Ye Gompleat Townsende Planne Not satisfied with the conservatism of Df. Townsend and his follows, an amplification of the scheme which he is credited with originating is proposed. Instead of taking care of mly persons 60 years of age or older, there follow's a modifi3ation of the plan by which nearly everyone will be provided
for:- '
Since babies are expensive things, and have little or no 2aming power, they will receive $200 per month, until they reach the age of twenty-one. Then they will transfer to the second stage of the plan, whereby they will receive $250 per month until the age of 45, providing, of course, that they do not accept employment before that age. Since many persons grow old before 60, the age limit in the senior class will be lowered to 50, w'ith the $200 regular. Townsend stipend allotted to each person until he dies. Thus people will be on their own only between the ages of 45 and 50, and then they can live with their parents or children. So we will arrive at a Utopia-no one forced to work. Of course, there will be doubting Thomases who wjill sarcastically say that the necessary funds cannot be/raised. However, a plan has been devised by which we shall be able to get all the money we want without inconveniencing anyone. This involves a 25 per cent transactiori tax as a basis, this being calculated to raise billions of dollars per month. By lowering the gold content of the dollar to one-thousandth of a cent, on today’s basis, and turning the printing presses loose, we can have many more billions per year. A governmentprinting office will be established in every city and town in the United States wifb a population over 700. In reply to those who want to know, we wish to state that there will be no shortage of foodstuffs or manufactured goods. Argentina will supply the former, while we can purchase all the manufactures our little hearts desire from the Japs and the Russkys. Onward with Ye Gompleat Townsende Planne. A house and lot for everyone and a roast pig for every meal. On to UTOPIA—W.T.H.r
Reasons favoring deferred rush may be classified under three general groups: the placing of academic above social standards, dignifying the individual Greek letter organization, and the protection of
the individual freshman.
In the first group the advantages rest in the fact that the student who comes to school with the one purpose of becoming a member of a social group is somewhat deterred by the postponement of
SUDDEN ■'service
RINTING. Office Stationery . ?• Weddins Invitations PHONE — 2 6 2 8 CASSEL'S 408i-:ERRy
Benefits to the individual frater-, nities are several. ^ Under this regime they are able to base membership bn real friendship rftthe^; than on feat appe|OTanc& It ftil’thep s^Bguards fh® fratetnities from: acc;epting pledged who are incapable of inaking the average rer quired for .iniiiatipn. Probably the most important off these fa.ctors to the indiVidua;! kiroup is that it would place fraternity rhembership bn a plane hf something to be achieved through true intellectual
and social worth.
The last consideration, that of the orientation of the individual freshman, is no mean problem and one which we think might find a happier solution. Deferred rush would “place first ■ things first’!, that is, the proving of one’s scholastic ability before all other considerations. The freshman’s chance
for making an intelligent choice is increased a hundredfold by an bXtensiye knowledge of the campus a^d its prospects. A fraternity pledgeship would, under such circumstances, become a goal to be achieved, rather than something to be picked from any neighboring
tree.
The whole problem of rush andits accompa/nying evils is now in the mind of eVery thinking member of a fraternity and unless continued efforts are made the Greek world is going to see its day of 'service tb: its canipus ended;
Chief West Lafayette Police In Hospital Police Chief George McCormick,, . of West Lafayette, is still confined to the St. Elizabeth hospital. Infiammation of the lungs due to the inhalation of smoke from three recent residehce fifes at^ which he assisted city firemen is the cause of his illness. The last fire was on Friday evening at his own residence, 107 Wiggins Street. Mr. McCormick was taken to the hospital the following day.
A twenty-mule team is usually inade up of eighteen ttitiles; ftnd; ffwo'-horses.
Why Deferred Rush? Faults of the present system of sorority rush have been under consideration on the campus for a period of several months. One of the suggested remedies has been the establishment of a plan of deferred rush. This proposal is strongly contested and we will attempt to present, through this column, the major contentions of both schools of thought.
Today we would like to consider the case for deferred rush. Within recent years this, plan has been installed in several colleges in an effort to erase their difficulties under the 1 immediate system. This plan is now in successful operation at Pittsburgh, Stanford, and Vermont Universities. Deferred rush has been adopted recently at Allegheny College. Other schools are now considering rennovations of their present rush systems.
BB
if a Saa&dwicli a Dlrfiklkl then a CHOP.STEAK.„.....10c at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
New JMAIM NOW PLAYING Indefinite Engagement All Lafayette theatregoers are raving about it. Fred Astaire , Ginger Rogers in the Musical Gem of the Ocean ■ ^FOLLOW ■ THE FLEET” Seven New Song Hits by IRVING BERLIN Week Day Matings ..........20c Nights and Sunday.... ...:..25c
A picture that we actually consider a privilege to be able to present to : LAFAYETTE; :
TMETHER
Singing'Sweethearts ef “Naughty Marietta” in New Glerleus Musical Leve Story!
SUNDAY - MONDAY
SHORTS
proionfi ^ iiiiMiiil I iSecond Great Antarctic Expedition into iimiiiiEHii 1 .. ... J
LAST TIMES TODAY “Big Broadcast of 1936’ and “Gallant Defender” .
SUNDAY
MONDAY
OMEWOMMJESiEDBY^WOPAL:
EXTRA Our Gang Follies of 1936 ANSON WEEKS AND BAND LAST^TIMES TODAY Ralph Bellamy in “Dangerous Intrigue”
ir * CE EVERY THING: ^ ABOUT IT fS MA6NIFICENT
MAGNIFICENT OBSESSION
with
I RE NE D. ON N E’ ■ , R O B E RT TAYL O K;, CHARLES BUTTER WORTH - HENRY ARMETTA
SPECIAL! ADDED ATTRACTION Technicolor Musical Revue **Pirate Party on Catalina Isle” See Your Favorite Stars at Play BUDDY ROGERS and His Band Chester Morris - Virginia Bruce Marion Davies - Cary Grant Lee Tracy - Lila Damita. - Errol Flynn Eddie Peabody - SW Silvers and Others
Starts TOMORROW
LAST TIMES TODAY KARLOFF in “The Invisible Ray”Old Rivals To Renew Fight In Frosh Tilt Former High School Stars Will Play In Pre-
liminary Game
Rivalry carried over from high school days will add zest to the competition between the Red and Green teams of the freshman basr-i ketball squad tonight. Except for one man, the squad is composed entirely of former Indiana high school basketball players, many of whom have played against each
other in past years.
Former High School Stars Once again Steve Gutting and Gene Anderson will be matched against each other as they were so many times in high school. Tom Dickinson and Ross Dean continue the Jeff-,West Side rivalry that has become tradition. The Calumet district is represented by Joe Mihal and Big Bill Vergane. Nick Barsha, of St. Marys, in; Anderson, will play against Donovan, of Yorfctown! Newcastle and Richmond send Van Hoose and Sammy Lyboult. Nearly every good team in the state last year is represented on the squad. Higgins of Hammond, Hutt of Technical in Indianapolis, Joe Downing of Fortville, Fred Montague of Noblesville, . John Vernon arid Ernie Miller, of Rochester, and Paul Mascari of Terre Haute. Carl Swan, the only out of state member is from Tulsa,
Oklahoma. , . Zi*^ Out
Spirit among the squad members seems to be better this year than ori any squad for many years, as was shown when a collection was taken by the players to send something to Dude Zink, who has been operated upon for appendicitis. This year’s squad is bigger than last year’s and shows promise of providing much good material for next year’s Varsity. The game will begin promptly at 6
o’clock.
Jeff, West Side Victors Both Lafayette high schools were .victorious in their basketball games last night. Jeff trounced Delphi 49 to 29 after leading 25 to 7 at the half. West Side, leading 13 to 12 at the half,; weht ;bn to ihcrease them, lead Arid finally won 22 to 9i oyer
Rochester.--; V-
Pigskins Crash Light Bulbs As Frosh Practice Indoors
Bosh Lamb, above, three-sport sophomore who stands 6-1, will probably; aee action at a forward position'llbnight on the Iowa team. Lamb is rated a good shot and
smart dloor man.
Fencers To Meet Notre Dame Squad At Irisii Fieldliouse Boilermaker fencers will attempt to avenge a former defeat at the hands of Notre Dame, when they meet the Irish at the Rambler Fieldhouse in South Bend today. The Irish will meet a much improved squad this afternoon and will have a difficult job on their hands when they meet the nine Boilermaker men making the trip. In meets with Big Teh rivals last week the Boilermaker foilmen split matches, winning one from Wisconsin, 12 to 6, and losing the other, 12 to 6, tp Northwestern. In view of the improvement of the squad of late. Captain Silverman wasi very optimistic as to the outcome of the matches this afternoon. Captain Silverman will, with the help of Blocker, Latter and Reynolds, attempt to defeat the Notre Dame men writh the foils. Representing the Purdue team with the sabers are: Seabprg and Antucshko. In the other event, Hammond, Matthews, and Sellers, arin' ed; with epeesj will compare their prowess with Irish fencers.
Boilermaker AlMetes Face Big Program Today Four Boilermaker teams will see action today as the fencers meet the Irish at Notre Dame; Coach Martin’s trackmen take on Chicago in a dual meet at the Windy City; Members of the squash team participate in the Mid-Western Championships at Chicago, and last, but not least, the hardWood squad will meet loWa tonight at 7:30 in the Jefferson high school gymnasium. Martin heads the list insofar as numbers are concerned, he having taken a total of seventeen men to compete in the track meet. The foilsmen who take on the Ramblers are represented by a total of nine men while the squash team numbers, in all, seven men. ,
Oiitcome Of Game At EvaHstoii Toiiiglit, May Decide Big Ten Lead Providing the Boilermakers get past Iowa’s Hawkeyes tonight, Purdue fans will await anxiously any and all news concerning the orie other Big Ten contest of the night which will be of importance to them-—^the Indiana-Northwest-ern game which will be played at Evanston tonight. With the above-mentioned proviMon, that Iowa succumbs to Lambert’s team, in mind, this game at Evanston may hold the key to the conference championship. In their game against Purdue last Week-end the Purple shoWed itself capable of playing a brand of ball not pften seen ori any court. Throughout the season their play has been marked by outstanding playing followed by slumps which have finally taken from them any chancei they might have held for a share in the Big
Ten crown.
Crimson May Win In a game played earlier in the season at Bloomington the Hoosiers found it tough going when they finally nosed out a yictory over N. U. by a slim margin. With the advantage of the home floor in their favor the Purple should be able to take the Crimson. However, if the game they played against the Boilermakers was the peak, of their season then it is quite probable that they will be unable to come up to the same climax against Indiana. Indiana has won the greater, part of its games by a narrow margin of from three to five points with the exception of the Wisconsin game last week when the Hoosiers went on a scoring spree for the first time this season and turned in: 64 points for the game. For the most part the Deanmen have had a strong defensive aggregation and have seemed to have a lot of reserve power which they never brought into play.
“Ifs”
Thus it can be seen that the con-; elusions which inay be drawn at this time are liberally flavored with “ifs”. If Northwestern can play the samei type of game against Indiana they turned in against Purdue then they appear certain winners. If Indiana’s defense proves capable! of stopping the astounding basketshooting of MeMichaels and; Trenkle then they seem to be inidicated.
Out :; amid th^^ horsehide arid dairy work the sQtth^^ of bonricing pigskins is providing a stimulation frir those with gridv irbn aimbitions. Each night at four this week a number of freshmen football enthusiasts have been limbering up muscles long accustomed to the ease of everyday life. About fij^eett men haye started the looseriing exercises each afternooh in the judging pavilion on the Ag campus. On one night the backs centers and ends go through their stretches, while ori the next night the tackles and guards start the long grind to fame and bruises. Warm But Small The pavilion provides a warm,; soft-floored space for the boys to cavort in. This is all, for the size of the place takes the savor away from the practice. On the first few; afternoons the mairi exercise consisted of passing and retrieving the well-known oVal. In the course of the mentioned driir a half-dozen lights bit the dust. The boys Knew tneir own strength but were not accustomed to the low arch of the judging pavilion. With a heart-breaking “pop” and a saddening tinkle the lights would go down under the barrage of pork-hide. The lights did not take all the punishment as, the boys battered the seats and rafters with the objects of their sport,
footballs.
Crash Door
The tanbark is a pleasant underfooting compared to the hard feel of the football field around the middle of November. As a preliminary to the real workout “Red” Mackey and “Mai” ElWard pitted the candidates against each other in sprints along the length of the tanbark. The air sounded with the hoof-beats of the husky tackles and lighter guards. The races were all right in their heat, but the end happened to be at the head of the large runway to the outside. Though fleet of foot the freshmen were light on brakes and had trouble stopping before the doors put an end to their gallop with a bruising crash. Later in the season this could be taken with a grin, but now the boys are still
a bit tender. Fundamentals
After these light exercises the coaches started the boys on the sound fundamentals of football. The task was not simple, as it is a long time between spring practice
fre^imaii studies take a lot of earlier^^^ ftoin a stfideriVa mind. It Vras net long befpte the candidate^ ; had;, perspiration cm their brows which will increase when the upperciassihen cpine out
,in;twp;:weeks.;/
Though the horses and cows ave bothered by the; keurid of pigskin now, they vsrill' be more perturbed when the boys from the basketball squad aii^d the upperelassmen jpiiri the already crowded grpup in thri
Judging pavilion.
Annual Sports Carnival
Boilermaker
Thinlies ^ ^ ^
.'i
GhieagO Today
Team Will Compete
Withdut Co-Captain
.:Moore;
' i
Purdue’s tracksters will journey
and the last fall engagement, and
Frateraity Class “A” Basketball Finals Set For Tuesday Fraternity class “A” basketball finals will be played Tuesday night at 8:26 o’clock in Memorial Gymnasium when the teams of Phi Eappa Psi and Phi Delta Theta fraternities meet on the hardwood, The Phi Psi crew represents the winners of the winners’ bracket while the Phi Delts came out on top in the losers’ bracket. The tourney has been of the double elimination type. Each team had to lose two games before being out of the play. As the play progressed the winners moved ahead in their brackets while the losers dropped back to play one another. Phi Psis Lead In this final round the Phi Psis will be spotted one game since they can lose the first game arid by win fling the second still take the tourfley, The Phi Delts on the other hand must win the first game to stay in the running. ■ When these two teams met earl ier in the season they played a hair-raising game as told by the score, 27 to 26 in favor of Phi Kappa Psi. At the halftime the score stood 16 to 6 ip favor of the winners. The Phi Delts made strong last period drive that almost proved the undoing of their
opponents.
A game between two teams who have fought so evenly before should be of great interest. In addition to satisfying the desire to win, the winning team will receive a handsome basketball trophy and the usual participation points.
Sid Rosenthal, senior Hawfeeye forward pictured above, will give Boilermaker guards plenty of trouble tonight when they try to head off his dashes for^ the bucket or try to stop his acrobatic shots. Squashmeii To Attend Meet Members of the squash team leave this morning for Chicago where they will engage in the Western Collegiate Squash Rackets championship over the week-end. Those who comprise the Boilermaker team include John Lucek, Jack Noll, Frosty Fields, Ray Ulrey, Bob Tzucker, Maurie Wakefield
and Bob Petticrew.
The meet is an individual affair, drawings being made for the pairings. At present there are expected to be at least four schools represented. The meet is sponsored by the National Squash Rackets Association, which is trying to arouse interest in the sport in colleges and universities. The association is very active in the Chicago area.
Winners Last Year
In last year’s meet the Boilermaker team took the first three places. This year high hopes are held for Lucek and Noll to finish in the finals. The team will stay in Chicago until tomorrow afternoon, the final matches being played
then.
Medals Will be awarded winners of the first three places and in ad dition handsome prizes will go to the topnotchers. The winner will receive a large cup while appro priate gifts will go with the sec ond and third places. In addition to these awards there will .bri a consolation award for the wirineif in a tourney composed of those men who were eliminated in the first rounds. ( The sport has become quite pop ular in many schools and it is with the idea of furthering its adoption as a minor sport that these match-; es are held. Iri many ’ schools the game is played bpt the schools have hesitated to adopt it as one of their minor sports. This is due chiefly to the dropping of many minor sport activities within the past few years. In schools where this has been the case the sport has not been rated as one of the school
terest In Circus Next Wednesday
By Fred Moll
aMd entraMiM lists fbr tile
to Ibe held Wednesday evehihgy which the intfamural deceitment expects to be the mest suecessful in several years, are rapidly beihg completed, with fraternity interest in the partieipation already intensive, A varied series of etents will
be going oh all the time, beginning at 7 :15, so that there will be ho lack Of action Or excitement for carnival enthus-
iasts. "
This annual sports circus has always proved in past years to be the outstandihg spectacle df the intramural Winter program, providing keen excitement and a thoroughly good time, with plenty of laughs and thrills, for both contestants and spectators. The carnival serves as a general cliinax of the winter sports before spring intramural games are begun.
Events ' ■ .
Included in the events will be the relays, the Silver Derby, boxing, wrestling, rope; climbing, walking race, tug of war, finishing up with a 440-yard run and 1 mile race with only varsity track inen competing. The tug-pf-war, probably the roudiest event of the evening, will take the place of the sky pull of last year. The feature of the evening will be the Silver Derby, with four 4man teams competirig in each of the novelty relays. A source of much amusement, these events provide various trying hazards for the runners, requiring more skill and patience than speed. The first of these races on the schedule is the tricycle race, in which students from four fraternities will revert to their childhood days in attempts to repeat the blinding dashes of speed they once exhibited in the stage just following the cradle. Immediately following the tricycleevents the “horseback race’’ will take the spotlight. Four men will act as the horses, with a fifth team-mate, taking the place of the ordinary baton in regular relays, acting as rider. Next on the list is the sack race, which requires unusual persistence and a surplus of patience on the part of the runners to maintain their balance. Frequent spills are the rule, since a burlap sack dotes not allow much freedom for ones lower extremi-
ties
Admirers of the long-legged circus clown will have an opportunity to assume a similar role in the stilt race, which has been substituted for the crutch race of former carnivals, with four fraternities represented. Winding up the Derby, the three-legged race andi the wheelbarrow event will furnish plenty of amusement, with four houses entered in each event. A trophy will be awarded to the winning team in each race.
Bouts
Boxing and wrestling bouts are certain to furnish the “he-man” interest of the evening, abounding in brutish grunts and groans with skill and knowledge of the arts probably negligible. All entrance lists for these events are due in the intramural office by tomorrow rioon, and preliminary events will bfl held Monday afternoon at o’clock if it becomes necessary to narrow' down the number of con testants. Nearly all fraternities have signified their intentions of entering the wrestling. All those entered must report Mondjay to weigh in and wrestle the preliminary bouts, in order to reduce the number so that no one will fight more than twice Wednesday. Golden Gloves fighters will be ineligible to compete. Gold and silver medals will be awarded to the winner and ruriner-up in each
division,
Tug-of-War
Several fraternities will be entered in the tug-of-war, with the winning five-man team receiving trophy. Gold, silver and bromse medals will go to winners of the first three places in the rope climb and the mile walking events. Pour gold and two silver medals will go to the winners of the relays. Additional features of' the carnival this year will be the tumbling cqn-
to Chicago today to compete with the University of Chicago thinlies in a dual meet at . the Chicago Fieldhouse this afternoon at 2:30
o’clock
The Boilermaker squad, seriously handicapped without the services of Co-captain Moore, outstanding middle distance man, in the meet at Northwestern week before last, will again be unable to use his ability this afternoon. Shot Put ' Grant and Andres will have plenty of competition in the shotput when they face Captain Jay Berwanger, All - American brickfield man, in this event. In the other field events, the Purdue squrid will be represented by McGannon in the pole vault rind Williamson, Lemen, and Abercrombie' in the
high jump.
The dashes will be ably taken care of by Stalcup rind VaughanCatt, a pair of backfield men. In the distance events, Janos, Glendenning, and Gpory vrill enter the mile and Janos and Goory will compete in the two-mile race. Cq-cap-tain Glendenning will appear again in the events of the day, when Soles, Terhune, and he line Up for the half mile. Smith, Schilling, and Lemen will glide over the hurdles for the Boilermaker squad in an effort to annex some points in these events. Coach Orville Martin will use Bluemel, Pifield, and Lemen at the starting pole for the quarter-mile to represent the Old Gold and
Black.
sports, because those sports which
were discontinued have not been I test and the varsity hidoor track
renewed. I events.
The following system will he used in awarding particiimtioit points: one point each for each in-^ dividual competing in the walking race, rope climbing and tumbling events, two men only allowed in each; three points to each individual competing in W3%stiing and boxing and the varsity yard run and one mile race; five points for each organization team competing in the silver derby, tug-of-war, and relays; three ridditional points to individuals winning first place in’ each individual event. The fraternity accumuiatirig the greatest number of points will receive a Special Carnival p a r t i c i p a t i o n
trophy. Schedule
The list of events is as follows: 7:16—^Relays in Balcony, 4 men to a team; Wrestling on 2 mats. 7:30—Boxing Bouts; Fraternity Tug of War; Rope Climb; Tricycle ( Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Kappa). 7:33—Tricyde (Tau Kappa Upsilon vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 7:39 —^Horseback (Sigma Nu vs. Delta Tau Delta). 7:42—Barrel |(Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Chi). 7;46r-Bar-rel (Theta Chi vs. Theta Taa*). 7:46—Sack (Delta Upsilon vs Phi Delta Theta). 7:81—Sack (Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon). 7:64---Stilt (Beta Theta Pi vs. Tyiangle), 7:67—Stilt (Pirathon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha). 8:00—3 leg (Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Sigma Lambda). 8:03r--3 leg (Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma). 8:06--Whoelbarrow (Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 8:09—^Wheelbarrow (Sigma. Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Pi). 8:20rFratemity Walking Race; l^n^s of Silver Derby Races. 8:28—Ward Walking Race; One Mile Run lery Track); Tumbling Event (Main Floor). 8:30-440 Yard run.
I
1'’WiSSLEt FOUNDATION (West Ij&fayette M. E. church). Rev. McFadden will introduce a series of lessons on the Bible, tomorrow at 9:30 a. m., talking on “Understanding the Old Testament”. At EpwOrth League tomorrowr eveninjg A. F. Futoohee, of Persia, will talk on Mohammedanism. The Wesley Players will present a three act Lenten play entitled “The Alabas-
ter Box”, at 7:30,
The Purdue iM^endeht Assb'ciatiort 'Will present a variety Ijbur program in the Memorial Union cafeteria at 5:30 tomorrow even*^ ing. Music will be supplied by the PlA Orchestra and the PIA Chor-
HovTard Keenah will be featured at the piano and novelty singing, whistling, and dancing numbers will be presented. Kenneth Reiner •Will act as master of ceremonies.
Foiind^tion Maries 19tli Anniversary
CENTRAL PRESBYTERIAN. School of Religion at 9:30. Classes led by Dr. Graves and Mr, Findley. Morning Worship at 10:46. The theme of Dr. Graham’s sermon will be “Adjustment to the Invisible”. Sunday Evening club at 6:30. PrOf. C. J. Zufall will speak on “The Menace of Marihuana”. Supper served at 16 cents per plate.
WEST LAFAYETTE BAPTIST Roger Williams class, 9:30, Dean Fisher, teacher. Sermon, Rev. Gleason, “The Meaning of Lent”. Roger Williams club at 5:30. The nevf officers will present a play, Ted Seudth, director. A. 10 cent lunch at 6:10 with discussion following at 6:30. Subject: “The Christian Philosophy of Life”. Leader: Tom Kimmel. Evening service at 7:30, “The Lost Christ”.
FIRST CHRISTIAN. Kenneth Brown will lead an Open discussion at 9:30, in the Sunday moi-n-ing class. Rev. Jessup will deliver the sermon at 10:46. Christian Endeavor social hour at 5:30. Ora Cudworth, leader. Evening services at 7:30—sacred music by the choir.
ST. JOHN'S CHURCH (Episcopal). The Lenten program for students includes participation in the church-wide Corporate Communion tomorrow, the first Sunday in Lent, and a weekly Bible Class at 9:30 p, m. Holy Communion at 8 a. m., followed by breakfast at 10 cents per plate. Subject of class : “Some Elements in Christ’s Teaching”. Mr. Nathan Gilbert will give a program of accordian music at the Young People’s Fellowship at 6.
Approximately 176 persons attended the 19th Anniversary banquet of the Purdue Christian Foundation at tl|e First Christian Church last night. Prof. F. R. Hall, of the University history and economics department, made the principal talk, “Expostulations”, with appropriate poems for illustrations. Emblematic keys were presented to senior m e m b e r s of “The Tweilye”, men’s honorary. These included R. S. Egly, W. W. Myers, R. G. Mclntire, and L. P. Helser. Special vocal music was furnished during the evening by Mary Godfrey, Mary Peterson, Mrs. Irvin Jackson, with Helen Downin and Mrs. Harry Ford as accompanists. The program closed with group singing of “Blessed Be the Tie That Binds” arid “Hail Purdue”. Benediction was given by Rev. Jd N. Jessup,
Other Speakers
Other speakers on the program were R. 0. Mclntire, president of the Foundation; Alice Ford, president oif Kappa Beta, co-ed honorary; Wayne Myers, president of “The Twelve”; Ruth Heywood, president of the co-ed class; and Clayton Nicholson, president of Christian Endeavor, Brief talks were also given by Dean M. L. Fisher, Dean Dorothy Stratton, Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant to Dean Stratton, Prof. Verne Freeman, assistant dean of agriculture, and Harry Kemmer, of the civil engineering school.
PLAN ANNUAL— , (Continued from page i) the legislature, was discussed. Major Charles E. Cox, Jr., regional airport advisor for the United States Bureau of Air Commerce, outlined proposals for a state aeronautics commission and current and future developments of the WPA airport and air-mark-ing progi'am in Indiana.
New York had a brewery when the city had but five houses.
Wesley Players To Give One-"Act Leeten Play
Wesley Players will present “The Alabaster Box”, a one act lenten play, tomorrowe vening at 7:30 o’clock at the First M. E, Church, The scene of the play is laid in Bethany at the home of Martha and Mary during the Friday, Saturday and - Sunday of the first Holy Week. Five University students, Ruth Renfroe, Ruth Reeder, Paul Gi rard, Sam Martinez, and Harold Umbaugh, with William Gabler, of West Side High School, compose the cast for the production. The play is under the direction of Rev. William McFadderi, student pas
tor.
J./H. Geflaeh'-:::'';:;',.:;:;;:;:'."-A school of about 600 studenfe; with but a dozen cbreds, a school yhere a class fi^ht iiriay becur any ijfiinute, a school ; where overall pants or cords and a jacket are the peak in style, a school where hazing is an everyday occurrence, a school where the sOcia,! highlights are the three day St. Pat’s celebration and the senior beer bust, and a school where education and roughness go hand-in-hand—that is the Missouri School of Mines, The Missouri School of Mines is Ibcated in the small town of Rolla, Missouri, in the rolling foothills of the Ozarks. The town is a typical small town; one main street, about five blocks long, contains its places of business. The town has a population of about 320, The school is on the edge of the town and is bordered by national highway 66 as it extends from St. Louis to Oklahoma. From a distance the water tank, more important than Purdue’s since the abolition of the tank scrap here, bearing the senior class numerals, can be seen. The campus holds nine or ten buildings that cover only a small portion of the land which the school owns. Among its holdings are a fine golf course, a hospital, a clay mine and quarry, and a coal mine, all of which are
not on the campus. Dates Imported
Because of the small riumber of girls in the town and school, most of the dates for the dances are impoi’ted from St. Louis, Jefferson City, and Springfield. These towns are all within a radius of a hundred and ten miles, and it is usually easy to arrange, for a way to and from the dances and accommodations while in Rolla. The social life of the school is not at all neglected; there are eight fraterriities on the campus and each of them gives three or four dances a year. Besides these dances the interfraternity council and the independent council each giVe a big dance at the gym. There are many other smaller dances, but the social high light of the year is the St. Pat’s celebra tion. It lasts from Thursday to Sunday..Thursday is devoted to fraternity dances at each house, all of which are open to fraternity men. Friday night is the costume ball and Saturday is the formal darice. Sunday is for social visits among fraternities and friends. During the four days the fraternity men move out of the houses and turn them over to the dates. Next in importance to St. Pat is the senior beer bust. It is held in the woods with enough beer to satisfy twice the number of seniors. The time and place is a secret, and it is an ex tremely Unpleasant experience to purposely or accidentally stumble upon the gay hiding place. To anyone but a senior the full details are
Dr. R. Clyde Whin To Visit Campus
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist
Take advantage of ..
Remodeling
^le
; SHIRTS $2.50 Shirts, Now $1.85,2 for $3,50 $2.00 Shirts, Now $1,55, 2 for $3.00 $1.65 Shirts, Now ....$1,25 $1.5() Shirts, Now.... .......$1.00 $1.00 Shirts, Now 2 for $1.50 This includes; Whites in all but the $2.00 and $2.50 grades which are fancy only. All sizes, 14 to 18.
Shirts and Shorts 1 Arrows, Wilson, B. V. D, Hanes. 15Sc Grade, Now 2 £or,...$1.00 50c Grade, Now 3 £or....$1.00 35 c Grade, Now 4 £or ......95c
Sleeveless Sweaters Values to $1.50, Now 2 £or $1.00
HATS
Stetson’s, Dobb’s, Melton’s American’s, Green’s, AleKander’s
$6.50 Hats, Now $5.00 Hats, Now $4.00 Hats, Now $3.50 Hats, Now $2.95 Hat^, Now ....
..$4,95
$3.95 $3.15 : $2.85 $2.35
Men’s Ties Arrow, Cheney D’Orsay $1.50 Ties, Now ............$1.15 $1.00 Ties, Now 79c 2 for $1.50 65c Ties, Now 49c 2 for 95c
Pants High Grade Woolens Many Slacks, Plain and i Novelty Weaves $5.00 Grade, Now $3.95 $4.50 Grade, Now $3.45 $3,95 Grade, Now ....$2.95
Dewenter’s
Terry Cloth Sweaters I 95c Grade, Now 2 for $1.00
ALL SIZES FOR MEN AND YOUNG MEN Complete Haberdashery for Men 416 Main Street
a secret, bu^ it is a point that no one shall return home sober.
Varsity athletics^ hot; yeryv successful, but the teams make up for lack of qualitwith their fight| irig spirit. Most oi their gahies are lost, but the opposing doaches always have words of praise for their fighting spirit. Intramural sports are greatly appreciated at Rolla, a.nd every fraternity arid independent class enters a well coached and hard-fighting team. The competition is heated and many a fine exhibition results. Everyone conMders it a great honor to win any of the various trophies given to winners in the intramural events. Class spirit runs very high at Rolla and the little privileges that are extended to the classes are closely guarded. The seniors, being the only class that may raise a beard or mustache, always cai’ry ; razors and never fail to use them at the\slightest sign of a whisker on any other than a senior. The juniors closely guard their privilege of wearing junioi: cords and think nothing of forcefully removing cords from any student foolish enough to venture outside with cords on. The sophomores look on their job of freshman caretakers with a great deal of pleasure, and enthusiasm. It is their duty to see that the freshmen do not wear silk in any form, do not walk ori the grass, do not smoke on the campus, always carry matches, always furnish entertainment at varsity athletic functions, always wear their freshman caps and suspenders, and never take a false step. The freshmen, not having any privileges, but being considered a next to nothing, take orders from everybody, Frosh, Sophs Arrive Together The freshmen have to eni’oll a week before the other students, but nevertheless the sophomores always get in town as soon as the freshmen. The frosh usually are introduced to Rolla on the first day of enrollment with a big class fight. These class fights continue all that week, and on the Monday of the second week the freshmen have to leave town by sundown and spend the night at the fairgrounds. On Tuesday morning, tired and worn out from lack of rest, they are marched to the football field for the Freshnaan Circus. They must first run the “Gauntlet” around the track as the sophomores swing the paddles, then they have their hair washed in crank-case drainings and cinders, and their bodies painted with many colors of paint. The circus continues as they march .through town to the tune of sophomore paddles and finally ends with a bath in the filthy Frisco pond. This is every freshman’s introdue tion to Rolla, but bad as it is, everyone seems to look back on it with a happy memory and forward to the next year with anticipated pleasure. ‘
Dr. R. Clyde White, head of the Indianapolis Division of the; Indiana University school of hbcial service work, will interview Uniyefsity sjM here Wedhesday afternoon from 2 to 4 o’clock. Dr, White Will interview both eds arid cb-eds individually or in groups in Dr. 0. F. Hall’s office in the Education Building. Appointments may be made through Miss Clare Coqlidge, or the office of the dean of women.
Kron Flats '' State and Main Phone 4965
Risk Dental Clinic
PAUL A. RISK . ::ROBERT^:G;=RISk-^■^v';/^',V;^;;, HAROLD J. RISK / .::.LUTHRR: A. RISK ;-;;.'. 400 Schultz Bids. Phone 6701 Corrier 4th ahij MWn i; {
:(The social service school in Ihdianapolis will offer graduate courses beginning September 1936. The school is of high standing in welfare Work arid is a member of the American Assbeiation of Schools of Social Work.
An open meeting for all interested students will be held in the Union at 4 o’clock on Wednesday.
: r; c. eisenbagh Jeweler and .Optometrist . 504 Main. .Street
15 Co-eds T o Attend
DePauw Sports Day
The thinking fellow calls . . A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB ' Black Cars for Special .Occasions 26c per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
HAWKSSEEK— (Continued from page 1) scoring. Elliott’s play has been marked by hard driving throughout his hardwood career. All three will be playing tonight for a Win which will be a fitting climax to the present highly successful sea-
The fighting Hawkeyes came within a hair’s breadth of toppling the Boilermakers when they met in their first encounter this season at Iowa City. Pat Malaska’s shot from the field in the closing seconds of the game gave Purdue the victory by a score of 39-38, and with loWa seeking revenge for that one point, the game here tonight is expected to be equally spectacular. Iowa Captain Fiery little Sid Rosenthal will lead the Hawk attack against the Boilermakers, and will also have the assignment o^ stopping Kessler, Last year Rosenthal netted a total of 110 ppint^ for the season, with a series of acrobatic shots, and is reputed to be at his best when closely guarded. Schwartz, who, like Rosenthal, is a senior, will hold down the other forward assignment. He is fated as a steady player, and may be depended upopi' for several ppintS'. Jack Drees, center; Kenny Suesens, guard, and Joe van Ysseldyk, guard, are all sophomores who have displayed unusual ability this season. Coach Lambert is expected to stick to the same quintet that has been averaging more than a point a minute all season, and which has at the same time displayed one of the tightest defenses in the confer-
•The past history of the, Purdue-
lowa series, in which the Boiler makers have won 12 and lost 10 in the last 22 games, coupled with the championship complexion of the coming battle, has stimulated a heavy advance ticket sale for the game. Although a few tickets will probably be on sale at the door, a sellout is a distinct possibility.
DR EDDY WILL— (Continued from page 1) books concerning his travels and others of a more philosophical na ture. Among the most well known of these are: “Russia Today”, “What We Can Learn from It”, “The Challenge of Europe’^ “The Challenge bf the East,” and “The Challenge of Russia”. His more recent works include two pamphlets, “D3mamic Religion”, “A Personal Experience”, and a book, “What Shall We Do About War,” written jointly with Kirby Page. In addition to his address in Fowler Hall, Monday night. Dr.
Eddy will adjlress a joint meeting of the ministerial association and
the community council on interna tional relations, including the Federated Clubs, on “The Meaning of the Present World Situation”, Mon day afternoon at 2 o’clock in the Lafayette Y. M. C. A. His address will be ^followed by an open forum, Samuel Franklin, Dr. Eddy’s fellow worker, will lead a discussion of “World Danger Zones” Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Wesley Foundation House. At present the noted traveler and author is touring the United States. He will come here from Galesbprg, 111., and will go to Elkhart, Ind., from here and then to DePauw and Ohio State Universities,
Fifteen University co-eds will attend the sports day at De Pauw University today. Those making the trip ai-e: Betty Arnold, Louise Burkle, Louise CaMwell, Lillian Davis, Barbara Dobson, Katherine Dunwoody, Mary Gaylord, Georgia Halstead, Mary Rose Harlan, Mary Humphreys, Elizabeth Maier, Mary MeSeveny, Lucille Nichols, Janette Shafer and Minadel Vene-
The girls will leave the Gymnasium at 8:30 o’clock traveling in cars, and will return this evening. The first feature of the day will be a basketball game at 10:46 o’clock. After lunch, which will be served at the different sorority houses, various phases of basketball will be discussed and comparisons will be made of the methods of carrying on intramural sports. Entertainment for the afternoon will feature a clog dancing exhibition and swimming.
Prof. E. E. Vail Lone Will Talk On Plant Genetics
Prof, E. E. Van Lone, of the animal husbandry department, will speak on “The Physiological Aspects of Plant Genetics” before the University section of the American Society of Plant Physiologists on Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock. The meeting will be held in room 203 of Stanley Coulter Hall.
A bore is a person who tells about his relatives, operations and business, when you are just dying to tell him about yours.
SENIORS!
We make application pictures for $1.26 per dozen. Special price on lota of fifty
Rembrandt Studio
105 Vine St.
W. Lafayette
KEYS
Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, nisrht latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos, Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. Popular Prices , .
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
DEAG
HAS EVERYTHING
for a \ . .
COLLEGE EDUCATION
H. G, REISNER
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St,
Enlargements
MAIN
Seating Capacity —250 Persons Sunday Menu, March 1, 1936 Serving Honrs—12 M.-3 P. M. —5 P. M.-8
; 50cDcLiixe Diniier
CHICKEN SOUP
Chilled Tomato and Sauer Kraut Juice ROAST OHICKEN Sage Dressing Cranberry Sauce . CHOICE T-BONE STEAK French Pries ROAST LEG OP SPRING LAMB Mint Jelly s Fluffy Whipped Potatoes or Candied Yams with Lemon Peel Rosebud Beets a la Hollywood or Buttered Brussels Sprouts or Cream Style Corn Souffle Jellied Carrot and Pineapple Salad Hot Half and Half Rolls Choice of Homemade Pie or Cake, Ice Cream or Sherbet or ■ Prune Whip Lemon Sauce Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk
40c
Dliiiier No. 1
SPECIAL CLUB STEAK French Fries ROAST LEG OP SPRING LAMB Mint Jelly Fluffy Whipped Potatoes or Candied Yams with Lemon Peel Cream Style Corn Souffle or Rosebud Beets a la Hollywood Jellied Carrot and Pineapple Salad Hot Half and Half Rolls Prune Whip ' Lemon Sauce Coffee Tea • MHk Buttermilk
35c Dinner No.
BAKED CHINESE MEAT LOAF . CREAMED CHICKEN GIBLETS on RICE MOUND Fluffy Whipped Potatoes or Candied Yams with Lemon Peel Rosebud Beets a la Hollywood or Cream Style Com Souffle Jellied Carrot and Pineapple Salad Hot Half and Half Rolls Prune Whip Lemon Sauce Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk
35c Vegetable Plate
BANANA AND NUT ROLL Fluffy Whipped Potatoes or Candied Yams with Lemon Peel Rosebud Beets ala Hollywood . Cream Style Corn Souffle Jellied Carrot and Pineapple Salad . Hot Half and Half Rolls Prune Whip Lemon Sauce Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk
42
WE CATER TO SPECIAL PARTIES AND DINNERS ' ASK FOR MISS KELLEYrrom licket rermits
Members of the Junior I*rom committee will begin distribution of permits for Prom tickets this afternoon at 4 o*clock in the Student
Senate oflSce. The office will be open from 4 to 5l30 o’clock every after-
noon from today until March 14.
A new plan, designed tb keep the affair strictly a junior-senior dance, will be inaugurated this year. Each person will be required to have a picture attached to his ticket and the photos will be taken at the time of application for the permlte. Buies governing the purchase of tickets have been published in the Exponent, and they will be strictly observed. The committee, in a statement last night, emphasized the following regulations: 1. That; only Junior Seniors may purchase tickets. That schedule Cards must be pres^fed iu applj^rtg for^ That money to pay for the ticket should not be; brought to the 4. That the rules were made so that everyone wiU have an opportunity to purchase tickets and that there should be ho rush to secure pernaits.^'■
was created in order that <^ fi;^nerat interest t<i
community., Con-
■send timir manusbri^ts to M, bampbell^ the Pntdne Ebq^nehh
Hold Spitzer Rights: Today ■
Funeral services for Professor George Spitzer, of the school of agriculture, will he held this tnbrning at 10 o’clock in the home on Stadium Avenue. Rev. W. R. Graham, D. P., of Central Presbyterian church, will officiate. The body will be taken to Bluffton for burial.
Pi A Plans Tea Dance
Bob Kelly and his orchestra will play for a P. I. A. tea dance to be held next Wednesday in the Memorial Union ballroom from 4 to 6 p. m. Only P. I. A. members and their dates will be admitted.
PM; Depai^tinent Will Show Th'ird. Pilni Monday At 4 ,
“Manufactured Abjrasives”, the third in a series of practical mechanics films,;' will be shown jn room 101, of Michael Golden Shops, next Monday and Tuesday at 4 p. m. The film describes the production of abrasive materials and the manufacture and use of carborundum and other grinding wheels.
Prexy’s Daughter Home
Marion Elliott is spending the week end with her father and
mother, ,Dr. and Mrs. E. C. Elliott.
132 Vine St. W, Lafayette
: 641 Main, St. Lafayette
You can’t buy a good necktie for 10c. Don’t throw them away, be-
cause they are soiled. Send them
to us for cleaning and reshaping
lOc each; One dozen for. i
Phone 3 OSS
AND CLEANING CO.
Wrist Watch .Bracelets
a
LaiPayette.
Variaiions On Democracy The one essentially tragic and mockihg portion of the history fif this land .of the free is its government. One hundred and twenty-, seven years ago the last great statesman that, this country :ha,s produced, Thomas Jefferson, left the presidential mansion and retired to his home in Virginia. TTis Successors have been, with virtually no exception, knaves and rogueh and frauds. It is a curious and macabre jest that one of the most intelligent, forthright, and honest men of government should have left a heritage that degenerated into the most ignominious debauchery in present day civilization. Here was a man who fought for the final, inalienable right of human kind, personal liberty, and yet the very thing he strove, toward is today as dim and distant as the nebula in Orion. The Fathers of the Republic, when they fashioned our constitution, thought that ,they had ended swinishness in government once and for ail . . . today we are still trying to get rid of our Coolidges, Hoovers, and Roosevelts. And the chances of ever getting rid of them are all but completely gone. The founders of American democracy weroi in the main, reasonably astute men, and they put into their constitution a number of sound and useful ideas. But that eminent document is not, as the Republican party seems to think, infallible. What the founders overlooked, I believe, is this: that man’s worst shortcoming is. his inability to create good government. After several milleniums of practice the human race faces a buffoonery today which would be more comic if it were not so bitterly tragic. I offer a few examples: in America poltroons are rai(Mng the public treasury and shouting for a planned economy; in Russia there has been a rapid exchange of one Asiatic despotism for another; in Germany and Italy we face a situation so incrediably bad that one scarcely cares to mention it; in Great Britain . . . well, England always had a stupid government. The idea that the world has profited by its monstrous blunders in this line is airy optimism of a sublime sort. The general and inevitable conclusion that follows the whole indecent mess is that all government is bad, Government is, primarily, the enemy of the citizen, and the exalted usurper of liberty. In these states we are, in one respect, much better off than some of our foreign brethren. We rarely take government with the seriousness of the German, who shouts and leaps at every political discussion, or the Frenchman who looks upon government as an Olympic fortress, or the Russian, who never knows what he wants. We realize that we are governed by a crew of illiterates .and ignoramuses and endeavor to make the best of it—that is, by laughing at their hollpw clowning. And as long as one remains free from indignation the politician can do little harm. But unfortunately our delightful de mocracy is run by the very people who should have nothing to do with it—the mob. In other words, the power of election is in the hands of fifth-rate men, who are easily swayed and enchanted. Thus we are periodically subjected to such outrages as Prohibition, New Deals, and political censorship. In my more despondent moments see little light.—C. W. Condit.
Chamberlin’s Special For This Week-r-Nesselrode and Vanilla. Order it—it’s delicious.
Lost—Scabbard and Blade key. Gall Allison, 3326.
Glider Club—^Imiwirtaiit -worlc session today. Meet at the Union af 1. —WOOD.
Alpha Phi Omegas—Important meeting Wednesday , at 7 :30 in room 2 of Union. —SACHS.
. Wrestlers—^All wrestlers for the Athletic Carnival must report Monday at 4 to the Gym to be Weighed in. —HAMILTON.
Engineers — "Manufactured Abrasives’, third in a series of film?, will be shoWn at 4 Monday and Tuesday in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops. —HOFFMAN.
Y. W. C. A.^—^No meeting of the public affairs committee Monday because of convocation. I, —TEMPLETON.
Purdue Women’s Club—Plans will be presented for the party to be held in the Women’s Gym March . 9. All thps© that have been attending the Monday class are urged to attend. —BRADY.
Women’s Operators Club—^Any women interested in operator’s work report to the Women’s Gym Monday at 4. Freshman squad leaders should report if possible. Instructions will be given to beginners. —ELLIS.
P. L A. Chorus—^FinaT rehearsal at 1:30 tomorrow in tower room, —WHITE.
Silver Derby—Crutch race has changed to stilts. —HAMILTON.
Junior Military Students—All taking M. T. 6 report to Capt. Hayford on the second floor of the Armory at II a, in. March 4 for check oh vaccination and second shot for typhoid. —HAYFORb.
Lafayette MerAaiits Will Spopsor Unique Treasure Hunt In March
A 1936 Plymouth or Chevrolet is the first prize in a unique treasure hunt, the final plans of which are now being arranged by the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce. The treasure hunt will be staged early in March, according to present plans. Other valuable merchandise prizes will be given in addition to the grand prize. Starting Monday the 50 stores participating will display banners announcing the contest. On March 10, the lists of clues will be given out. The person compiling, most promptly, the most nearly correct set Of answers will be the winner of the contest.
Manufacturer has grand piano which they would like to , dispose of in this community. High grade, almost new. Willing to sacrifice for cash or will tfdce payments if necessary. An opportunity for somebody. Piano can he seen by appointment. If interested, write C. E. West, Gen. Del., Lafayette.
a .llK@tB I^HX'r;:
IfW"’'
i'-il'.
u
Piggy” Lambert
p-
Z^C/Sr/Af /?££> "L
eos Ai'esSl.E/Z^ f='OfZ\^/^/ZO
cJBiV£i.L. VOU/yO /^■O/e w/=}^D
January 6—Purdue, 36;. Ohio State, 27—^There. January 11—Purdue, 44;'Chicago, 19—^There. ; January 13—^Purdue, 41; Michigan, 32—Here/ February 1—Purdue, 59; Chicago, 1ft—Here. February 3—Purdue, 48; Ohio State, 27—Here. February 8—Purdue, 39; Iowa, 38—^There. February 10—Purdue, 39; Minnesota, 24—^There. February 15—Purdue, 31; Northwestern, 27—Here. February 22—Purdue, 40; Northwestern, 45—^There. February 24—Purdue, 34; Minnesota, 29—Here.
You have an excellent record so far this year, and we feel confident that you can win tonight
P^(JL 'pat^mal^sk^ aaAjiso
-MW
GI.£A/ D0\A/NBY
Lafayette Printing Co. Paper Towels for Fraternities
Dryf us Market Co. 215 E. State St. Phone 2750
Charlie Burnham Service Station Warren Oil Company
Rostov’s Food Market Lafayette, Ind.
Eat ^Wonth” Bread ' Graves Quality Bakery
Varsity Boot Shop 304 State St.
Wheeler’s Lunch 420 Main St.
West Side Cleaners 222 North Phone 4781
H. G. “Deac” Reisner
Peter Anderson Co. Phone 4048 Everything for the Auto
The American Laundry 132 Vine St., West Lafayette 641 Main St., Lafayette Phone 3085
Crown Laundry Master Cleaners
Fowler Hotel
Southworth Stores 308-310-314 State St.
ft JOHP/ S/A/PS POPWA/?0