^ i ^ I’ * -f ^ ^ ^ ^ c f
r ' , 7" ^ Putlished Daily By Students t)f Purdue University
VOLUMB XLVn
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, APRIL 11. 1936
M^iSiSa
NUMBER 1^1
ByXl
EASTER SERVICES PRESBYTERIAN Tomorrow’s program at the. Gentry Presbyterian church opens at 6:30 a. m. with the singing of the Easter Cantata, “Adoramus Te”, by the full choir, under the direction of A.; P. Stewart. At 9:30, the student group will meet in- the church parlors for a discussion, led by Dr. Dordoh H.
Graves.
: Regulai* ■ Easter worship will be held ai ;i0:30j the Sewhoii by Dr. Graham, land sdhi^s by the choir. The Sunday Eyening Slipper club will meet at 6:30, followed biy a candle-light service conducted by the Westminister Girl’s club.
■... 7 EPISCOPAL - V;: : , Services at St. John’s church will be held at 8 a. m; and 10:46 a. m. Doth are celebrations of the Holy Communion. The “late” service will be choral followed by a short sermon. Gounod’s “Sahctus” will be Sung along with other familiar
Easter hymns.
The Young' People’s Fellowship will have sUppe^r at 6 p. m. to be followed by a musical program provided by a high school quartet. Everypne is cordially welcome at
all times.
WEST SIDE BAPTIST Roger Williams Glass at 9:30 to be taught by Dean M, L. Fisher. Easter service will begin at 10:35 with Rev. Joseph B. Gleason speaking on “The Meaning of Easter”. Baptismal services at morning ser-
vices.
Social Hour at 5:30, includdng a ten-cent lunch. Dr. H. G. Graves will speak at 6:30 to the discussion group on “The Philosophy of Immorality”. The choir, assisted by the pastor, will present the evening services consisting of music from “Palm Sunday to Easter”.
Next Tuesday Dinner Planned At Residence HaU On Evening 01 Arrival HERE FOR FIVE DAYS Individued Interviews Open To Students Amelia Earhart Putnam, noted aviatrix, will visit the University from Tuesday until Sunday of next week ^th a f^ ferehpesy m®etings, and dinners in prospbct for her five-day stay. Individual conferences with Students haVe been planned from 10 to 12 o’clock^ on We^esdayv Thursday, and Saturday mornings, apppintmehts for which may be made through the office of the dean of women.; . ;■ ^ Mrs. Putnam will be guest of honor at a formal dinner at the Women’s Residence Hall On Tuesday evening following her arrival. Mr. Putnam, her husband, members of the University board of trustees and their wives, and several faculty members will also be'present.
Luncheon
A luncheon for MrS. Putnam will be held by the board of trustees Wednesday, on which day they will conduct their regular meeting. At 7:15 that evening she will address freshman co-eds in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. At the same time Thursday evening she Will talk to graduate students. “New Ideas in Education for Women” will be discussed at a conference with faculty members, on Friday afternoon. Pres. Edward C. Elliott, Dr. Harriet O’Shea, Deans Dorothy Stratton, Mary Matthews, C. B. Jordan, H. E. Enders, A. A.. Potter, J. H. Skinner> and Professors Edith Gamble and Helen Hazelton will attend. >
Charlie Agnew and his orchestra of thirteen pieces will be featured Friday night at the Union mixer as social activity is resumed following the_ dormancy during Holy Week. Agnew will bring his aggregation here following an engagement at the Casa Madrid in Louisville' and the Notre Dame Prom at South Bend. He and his orchestra received a fine reception at Purdue in 1935 when they played for the Military Ball. Emory Ann Lincoln, baby^cdd songstress, is featured
with the band as soloist. Plans for the Saturday night mixer were incomplete, as expressed by President Bob Fiiller’s statement: “Don’t know yet”. In a “Readers’ Opinion” article which appeared in yesterday’s editorial column, the writer resented the fact that the P. I. A. dance would be held on the 17th. The Independents’ “Spring Formal” will be held- on Friday, April 24i according to ;Uie pfeserit sOhedide.^;^ ^ ‘
PIA To Dine And Dance
CHRISTIAN V. C. Freeman will address the student class at 9:30. Sunrise breakfast at 7 a. m. Easter music and sermon by Rev. J. N. Jessup at 10:45. Evening service of song at 7:30, the choir will sing Ashford’s Cantata, “Easter Dawn”.
., St. JAMES LUTHERAN; •: Two services at 8th and Cincinnati Streets tomorrow. Early Matins at 6:30 with following order of services Prelude, “Easter Joy”, E. S. Hosmer; Liturgy, Choir, “The Lord Is. Arisen”, Clarence Dickin son; Address, Mr. Willard Pultz; Offeratory, “I Know That My Redeemer Liveth”, Handel; Postlude, “Easter March”, I. V. Flagler. The second service: Rite of Holy Baptism, 10 a. m.; Prelude, ’‘Hosanna”, Paul Wachs; Liturgy, “Psalm 117”, by pupils of 4th and 5th grades; Address, Rev. P. G. Sschmidt; Offeratory, “Meditation”, I. V. Flagler; Choir, “The Lord Is Arisen”, Clarence Dickinson; Postlude, “Mardb Anglaise”, Scotson Clark. All choir and organ music in charge of A. B. Kirchoff.
HOLY TRINITY ENGLISH LUTHERAN North Ninth Street opposite the Jefferson high school.' Rev. H, C. Stolldorf, pastor. Worship service begins at 10:30, including Holy Communion and special Easter music. Lutheran League will have Fireside Hour at 5:30 in church parlors.
WESLEY FOUNDATION and METHODIST CHURCH Easter observance begins at 6:30 at Wesley Foundation with the singing of Easter carols accompanied by Don Henry and George Murphy bn trumpets. Easter Morning Watch will held on Fowler Hall steps at 7:30 Edna Faye Moore and Robert Henry will speak on “The Meaning of Easter”; Breakfast for ten-cents will be served at Foundation. Res ervations sbotdd be made. (Continued on page 2)
be
Banquet In Home Ec Building Wednesday TICKETS FIFTY CENTS Installation of officers for the, coming year and: the presentatibn of trophies and keys toTactiVe members wiU mark the annual banquet of the Purdue Independent Association to be held at 6 o’clock Wednesday evening in the dining room of the Home Economics Building. The Reisner cup Will be g^ven t« the senior member of the organization having the highest scholastic index for the four years, while the Lamb trophy goes to the freshman most prominent in campus activities. Five gold and sixteen silver keys will be awarded to members who have - taken an active part in the association. Tickets, priced at fifty cents, are available at tbe P. I. A. office and from members of ^he board of di-
rectors.
— — — — — —— In Tlrfll Bill On Intranmr,l Field At 1:30 This Aftemdoii
Martin To Start
Greeks Enter Debate Finals Triangle, Phi Kappa To Meet Tuesday Finals in the Mohlman Debate will be held next Tuesday at 7:30 m Eliza Fowler Hall between Triangle and Phi Kappa. The topic of the debate is :“Resolved, That the Federal Government Should Adopt As a Permanent Policy, the Planning bf Agricultural Production.” The Semi-finals on March 24 ended with the selection of three affirmative teams. Triangle, Phi Kap pa, and Delta Tau Delta. Triangle drew a bye, and Delta Tau Delta changed to negative and lost. This left Triangle andi Phi Kappa as af firmative teams. After another drawing. Phi Kappa was forced to change to negative. Prof. P. E, i Lull is to judge the debate and the Mohlman cup will be awarded the winner.
Spring Dance In Union
Ballroom April 24
JUG OWEN WILL PLAY “Jug” Owen and his Syfingmasters ^1 make their initial appearance on the University canipus Friday evening^ April 29, wben they will ssnticopate for the annual spring formal of the Purdue Independent Association in thb^ Memorial Union Building; Members of the organization Will be admitted to the dance Upon presentation of
their membership cards.
Owen and his band have filled many engagements iii and around Cincinnati, as well as in prominent Ohio and Kentucky colleges. Featured with the band is Miss Roberta Minor, former artist’s model in Chicago, and two male vocalists. The orchestra is “managed exclusively by the Collegiate Orchestra Service”, through Jim Jump,
Critic; ^^Worth Wfiile/^ He Says
Opening Battle USE CARLETON LINEUP Downey9 Krause Batteries For Second Tilt Boilermaker baseball fans will have the opportunity of witnessing their team in actibn this afternoon when the Ibcal nine v^l engage the Butler squad in a double-header on intrsHnmAi Field. The^^i^ whicK displayed a superb brand of ball against Carieton in their opening game at home "W^nesday, will face the highly- reputed Butler nine at ;i :30 p. m. in a determined atf tenipt to OUtswat the BuUdbgs and keCp their home schedule clean. ' Dame Lhaeup'■ Coach Ward Lambert will start the same lineup he used against Carieton. The starting battery in the first gamfe will be cbmpOsed of Lefty; Martin on the .mound and Krause behind the bat. In the second gamfe Glen Downey will get the call to pitch to Krause. The infield will include Mbngas, at first, Fateh, second; Waling or Sines af short, and Lucas, third base. The Outfield positions will be filled by Malaska, Young, and Mitchel. The Boilermaker nine has been practicing strenuously in the last few days to improve its performance at the plate, the'weak point of the squad thus far in the season, and should show more power with the hickory in its game this after-
SDX Plans Tom-Of Newspaper Today
An inspection of the Lafayette Journal-Courier offices and plant will be made at 1:30 today by members of Sigma Delta Chi, honorary professional jOurnalistie Draternity^ and a limited number of Exponent assistants. Applications for.making the trip may be made to H. V. Heuser. The group will meet at the JournaLCIojanef office at the ab^^^: time. ■ ■;
Bumpy Northwestern To Get New Spring Suit Northwestern Avenue, long a bumpy street and full of holes, is to be resurfaced with a 7 inch layer of reinforced concrete. The project consisting of 20,000 square yards Of paving, will, be started May 16 and finished by the middle of June at a cost of $62,000. Although the contract calls for the pavement to be to a point 100 feet south of the. fire station. West Lafayette residents are trying to get the Indiana State Highway Commission to pave it through to State Street.
By Hugh Forster “Winter’s Blossoms”, a strikingly tOneful photograph of ice-cover-ed trees, by W. C. West, internationally known amateur photographer, is by far the outstanding print of the Chicago Camera Club’s traveling exhibit of 60 pictures now on display in the upper , hall of the Memorial Union Building. The translucent effect of the ice globules is maintained in contrast to the feathery snow background in this print and the composition is interesting. ; , The exhibit will remain on display until Tuesday, Student Union Gamer Club officials Who are sponsoring the show announced. The Chicago Camera ClUb is not affiliated with any educational institution, being a group of amateUr photographers who organized of their own volition. Their membership lists include such well known amateurs in the field as George High, who is also a member Of the Fellows of the Royal, Photographers Society in England, Estep, and Weber in addition to a few Europeans. English Design Lusullf’s “Lantern in the Rain”, depicting a glowing lantern of old English design suspended above a glistening stone surfaced street, is one of the more outstanding pictures as is Estep’s “Silver Lining”, which captures the fleecy whiteness of the clouds. Alex K!rupy’s“Evening Contrast” is another excellent print. It portrays a scene at dusk with glowing street lights imposed upon a black background. Tt is the composition in this photo that gives it its quality. Although the majority of pictures in the exhibit are highly professional in execution there are U few which show amateurish tendencies of the camera men. One in particular, “Window ITotection” by Alfons Weber, is probably a brain child of a photogra,pher who has read «P pn modern art and dynamic
symmetiy. The picture shows a basket woven arrangement of iron bars' covering a window. The wall in which the window is cut is slanting and the window is situated far to the left of the picture. If the perspective had been accurate and more tone quality achieved on the bars, the picture might have been good, but as it stands, it’s rather absurd. Other prints in tbe exhibit show pictorial landscapes, architectural subjects, and street scenes. As -a whole the exhibit is well worth the few minutes’ time it takes to look it
SENIORS
All seniors check names for spelling on proof for commencement invitations in main offices of heads of respective schools. Deafiliu® Tucsduy ut 4. —Gala Week Committee
Wesley Fouiidation To Give Easter Play At 7:30, Easter evening, high school players will present a full length, tbree-act drama, “The Cloth of Sendony”, while the Wesley players of the University will be at Delphi, presenting their Easter play, ‘Tbe Alabaster Box”.
Ghoir Sings “Gmeifixion” Apjproximately 800 persons heard the University choir Wben it pre^ sented John Stainer’s v;, cantata, “Crucifixion”, as a part of the Holy Week program at 8 o’clock last night in Eliza Fowler Hall. The 74 voices were under the ffirection of A. P, Stewart, University musi cal director. Soloists for the program which lasted approximately an hour, included Mardis Compton, Paql Worcester, and Charles Schopp, tenor, and John Brubaker, Wendell Compton, Van Coddington, Edwin Vodicka, and Riley Shuttleworth, baritone ahd bass. The accompanists were J. Robert Hammond and George Osborn who served at the piano and organ respectively. “Crucifixion” was presented to a Holy Week gathering twq years ago; last year, the, choir sabg“The Seven Last Words.” ‘
Honoraries To Hold Banquet Tau Beta Pi Plaus Joint MeetiugWidiEri-
Dr. M. Luebiesh, E. E. ’09, director of the lighting research laboratory of the General Electric Company, will address the joint banquet of Tau Beta Pi and the foUr engineering honorary societies that will be held in the Memorial Union Building on Wednesday, April 29, Freshmen and sophomores who made distinguished ratings last se-; mester will have the opportunity of attending the affair along with the faculty and student members of the organizations. Tickets, priced at 80 Cents, may he purchased at the Union desk or in the office of Assistant Dean of Engineering W. A. Knapp, in the Engineering Administration Building, before next Saturday, April 26.
Corps Review Set May 14,15 l^pecting Officers Not Axinoimeed; To Visit Tbe Universily Military Department has announced the date of tbe annual Corps inspectioni to be Thursday and^ Bkiday, May 14 and 15. Tbe review Of the corps on intramural field will begin at 2 o’clock Tbursday aftfemoon. 7 Glasses in V each Of the courses in the military department Will be • visited during the two day period ■ by the inspecting officers, who havenot yet been announced. President E. C. Elliott has invited Majcdr General "William E. Cole to take charge of the affair. The annual cadet officers’ banquet for the inspecting officers will be held Thursday evening at 6:30 o’clock. The department has issned an invitation to all who can do sb^ to witness the review Thursday bn Intramural field.
’ '' I
1 J
EXPONENT STAFF
The date for the staff banquet has been re-set for Sunday, April 19, at 6:15 in the facully loimge of the Union. Mr. George Hays, PnrdUe ’12, U former editor of the Exponent and now editoi’ of Steel will be our guest speaker. All members of the staK nre invited to attend and are urged to signify their intentions by signing up on the bulletin board in the office.
Lum ’n Abner On WBAA Broadcast Lum and Abner, well known ra dio comic team who are appearing here today in person at the Mars Theater, will make a special broadcast this noon from 12 till 12:15 over the Univereity radio station, WBAA. C. E. D^®timon, program director of the station, •mil introduce and interview them. WBAA will also inaugurate a new feature today from 2:16 to 2:46 o’clock entitled “Campus Varieties”. This new program plans to present; various campus musical ovganizgtions every week. The first of this series this afternoon ■will present the music of Ken Eberschoff and his orchestra.
O’Sh^ Named According to word received here last night from Washington, D. G,i Dr. Harriet O’Shea, secaretai^ bf the Ameifican College Personnel Association and director of personnel for wqmen at the Universily, has just been appointed as cbusulhant ex officio for the Educational Policies Commission. The appointment of a group of educational leaders as consultanto is an important item in the program of the Educational Policies Commission. Five-Year Term - The commission was appbiatbd for a five-year term by office by a joint action of the National Education Association and the department of superintendence to de'Velop long-range planning fqr the improvement of Ammican schools. Jordan To Visit Esuisas Ruth Jordan, of the home eeb-^ nomics department of the agricultural experiment statiom wfil attend the meeting of the Ambrican Chemical Society in Kansas Gi^ next:vmek.
Delta Tan Delta Initiates Delta Tau Delta fraternity announces the initiation of J. D. Baker, West Lafayette; G. Craig, Oak Park, 111.; W. J. GUlilian, Pittsburgh, Pa.; R. H. Glos, Pteeport, m.; H. E, Lewis, West Lafayette; R. M. McGhee* Gary; H. D. Monroe, Lake Bluff, HI.; J. F. Murphy, Iforibn; and Ch D. Schtoede^ St. Louis, Mb,
CO-ED PROM RULES
Girls not going to Prom have the same hours as those attending the'dangle. 7. Gb-eds Vm *iot Ito allowed tb leave town during tim we^ end of Prbm unless they have special written permission from their parents in the dean’s office two days l^ore Prom. AU women spying at ■versity resideneb boubbs undex' W. S. G. A. jurisdictioh who tend tim their residence one hour after the orchestra stops pliyhig. Men must leave at once, unless there is a ebaperoned breakfast in tbe girl's residence bouse in which case the men may remain one hour longer. W.S.G.A, JUDICIAL HOARD.
;
ilSdttS»*Sr l^Sted by National Advarttsimr SerylM. Inc. 420 Madison Avennc,- New Yort City ’ Xntexed as aeeond cIbbs natter at tha poat office, Lafayette, indlana.,;: prf.S?«*ed'bir aMil, |ft.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.80 per year; boM by aingle copy, 2 eenta.
BdetneM.P 8088
, MAii^;6Mici-r^i2-:N^
Editorial Phone 6087
E^tor>iiirChlet„ Ibnagins Editor.
EDi’COEIAL StAPF::
^■,^;>Heuiier:
Aetociato ]^itofe...
a^pknrte Editor..
^43, H. Catoph^l .JL. te. :,(^i^teen;';.t5i:Mi;/'-]Sai?din,,
W. T. Btant, B. H. Morris, St; G. WaWhCe
'M.rBi'Hays
Aasociato S^rtt’Bditora; ■aphdmoto -Aaskiaaida..^.. .
6. Harper, Jr.,
Bold and Bladk Edi^..
IL P.
-.t;..... j>. R satuii B. H. :v9^pdiei
:K~A. Barnettei J. Bi Btdck, A. H. Rorestfe, Sdanion. 0. L. Sadler, B. Schenk, J.^ ydA HE]2 ■■■ ^ ■ E. Abbott
BUSlNIISeBTAPF/ ■
. .. W. A.-Koch
. F. Antonini
. ... ..i..:-...:. .11 Hi Brown, Ro dfeieko Di O; Miller
X :'........IL J.-HulSO
: WOMTOS STAFF . Joyce Williams
Aa^iate BMtora.—^
- ' C^cli, Edna Huisoh; BUei Malin .Josephine Perkins
Bophomoto Assistants—
—.Jean Brbwn, Jean Janbusek, Marjorie J^uis, Doris Ellen McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke, Esther Turley
Saturday, April 11,1936.
Issne Editor-^. S, Hardin. '
Taxes On Future Depressions President Koosevdt’s tax message last month which brought forth the proposal for a B3% perccht tax on accumulated surpluses of corporations is at the present time in the hands of the Ways and Means Committee of the House where witnesses have been heard and the proposal is being hashed, aiid in all probability, toned down. If the concern of the business wprld oyer the present investigation is any indication, the corporations which will be affected have assumed an apathetic attitude, either because it is believed that such a proposal could not become law, or because the shift of burden will actually decrease the cost of taxation. The proposal of the President has doubtlessly come from the school of economic reasoning that is headed at present by Waddell Catchings, as set forth in his Proits, and of which Prof. Rex Tu^ell is the chief political exponent. The accumulation of savings and underconsumption are the causes of a depressed business world, according to the White House advisor. In the current proposal, the ghost of the defunct NRA is reflected. A note of hiimor crept into the congressional investigation recently when Communist Max Bedacht, in testimony, gave the committeemen a surprise by offering his party’s complete support to the measure. The legislators cross-examined and tried to confuse him in an effort to shake off the kindly offered support, but Bedacht, undaunted, rattled on, “We are for it injiddition to the old taxes,” Serious consideration would seeih to brand this new proposed legislation as one of the fruitless moves that the present administration has made public. Re-calculations of the yield indicate, according to non-government “experts”, that the revenue would greatly decrease under the proposed tax plan, and all this in spite of a heavily unbalanced federal
budget.
As profits of industry slid down the scale to depression, accumulated earnings during the boom era served as the source to pay stockholders decreased, but, nevertheless, sub-
stantial dividends.
Under the present Tugwellian policy, thrift in industry would be a thing of the olden days, while savings would be sidetracked from the capital accounts to the expense acepur to avoid taxation. A more equal distribution of Wealth, the slicing off at the top and the adding at the bottom, is the policy, but the pending legislation would impede the progress of the small corporation that is attempting to build up a surplus for expansion, and would give additional impetus to the large groups of control that numerous current attempts have sought to break up. Possibly the theory behind the new tax is that it will prevent future depressions, which is like saying that if the weather bureau had its way, there would be no difference between winter and summer.
The MARS double-pass awaits the wosthy OLEO at tho Union desk. May it be stiid that while he was not loo good ... he was interested! Maybe he can get some ideas from Lum 'n Abner. . . anu wny cud you break up with your aviator boy-friend?” “Well, he had a feeling that the sky was the limit when we were
alone.” UFB
A little bird sat in the tree, Then he flew away, ah me. Life’s like that; Here today aiid! gohe tothOrroW. :---45.:/S<:hahterm-,. Freddie O’Mara: “it's a lie . . t but I’l| have to pass out cigars or stay away from the house,” The Eternal Triangle: “Peg Joslin.” “Buffalo Red.” “The Belt House.” I said, “May i kiss you?” She said, “That's a jbke! When you go to a tavern Do you ask for a coke?” ■ - . —N. G. ' '■
en by the famous St. Olaf Choir at Fowler Halb on Thursday, April will he placed oh shle ih the lobby of the Memorial Union Buildr ing Monday, April IS* Purchasers may obtain their ducats any afternoon except Saturday between the hours of 4 End 5:30 O’clock. On Saturday the ticket office will be open from 12 nooii to 1:30 p. m There are a few choice patron tickets left'to be s.old at $1.00 each. Buyers of these will have their names published later jin a special list of patrons and patronesses. Reserved seats are 76 cents each and general admission tickets are priced at 50 cents each. Tickets also may be secured from members of the musiOal organizations of the University.
der it, it’8 delicious. For Sale—Majestic High Boy, 7tiibe. A-1 mechanically. Beautiful cftbinet. Phone 7954. / ^ Typ6Writei-&-Fdy Sale» R4ht and Repaired, Supplies. Multigraph and Mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebefshoff, 605 Main St.
“Where is Claude-Moore?” “Haven’t you heard? He’s dead.” “Ah, there isn’t any Moore.” (Ed. Note: Which brings to mind McConnell . . . there isn’t any Moore any more.)
Eta Kappa Nu Holds Formal Initiation^ Eta Kappa Nu, honorary electrical engineering fraternity held its formal initiatipn last Wednesday in the Memorial Union Building. Dr. E. M. Sabbagh, the speaker of the evening who discussed “Life In Egypt”, was initiated as an associ ate member. The following juniors were initiated: E, J. Baumbach, J F. Brubaker, G. J. Easley, J. M. Evans, E. G. Greber, J. C. Leffel, R, W. Loehr, M. E. Love, H. E. Weppler, and S. R. Wirth.
Industrial Photos Now On Display Industrial photographs by'Margaret Bourke-White, camerawoman world famous for her daring in bhta,ining pictures, are now being displayed in the main hall of the University Home Economics Building. Miss Bourke-White was. a student at the University for a few months during 1923, and later she was graduated from Cornell University. Although she studied to become a biologist, Miss BourkeWhite took up photography after leaving Cornell and soon gained world-wide attention by climbing to dizzy heights, dangling over seething infernos of molten steel, and riding in buckets over dams in order to get unusual pidtUres. Miss Bourke-White was the only woman photographer at the Hauptmann trial, from which she was ordered to leave.
LamMa Chi*s Hat6 “Stokor Comfortable temperature and correct humidity of the Lambda Chi Alpha house, recently built, is maintained by an air-.conditioning unit and Stokol Automatic Stoker installed by F. H. Speaker, of the Majestic Heating and Ventilating Company, West Lafayette. Individual^ thermostat and humidity control in each of three zones is an added jEeature of economy of the installation. The thermostats are installed in the den, dining room and living room, forming three zones in the house, any one of which may be heated independehtly of the others. Using fane with bladee two feet in diameter, the system maintains correct teihperatures with cireulating air, which has already been washed and filtered', In addition to the Lambda Ghi installation, Mr. Speaker has placed Stokol Automatic Stokeirs in the Phi Kappa Sigma, Pi Kappa Phi, and Sigina Alpha Epsilon houses this winter.
Ensllsh _
Students who failed the recent sraxnmar / and swlUhg tests aw u*Sfed to attend the voluntary fciasses m these subjects, in order
sjpellinK elass meets Mondays at 4 o’elock, '
in room 818, Eecitation Building. The grammar class meets Wednesdays at 4 o’clock, in room 318. 'Recitation Building. . , , Sigma Delta Chi—Meet today at 1:30 at
Jonmal-Ceutier office, ---BUTZ.
BtA—All Members wishing'a .position on board or committee during the next year must leave a petition in the PIA box stating amount and nature of work desired. Deadline Monday evening.
^ —HERSH.
^ Sophomores—rThose' .interested in varsity baseball managerships, report at Russell
field at 12:46 today. -i-HASUNGER.
Union Workers—Members of ourmittoes inefet- in yhioh siib-tfSSehieht'
Monday.
—QUIGGLE, CLARK, SCKfOLER. Union Workers—All who,: wiph to paint posters for Charlie Agnew dancO,' iri^ort to Unioirt Office today at 1:80. O’HAVER, Glidw: Cinb—A)iy ;iMeMber desiring <^^^a white gabardine hOIMet or' goggleS let me know by 0 o’clock tonight.' Helmets cost about 60 cents. i
com-
Social Security Gets The ‘‘Go” Sign Approval this week of Indiana’s social legislation by the federal social security board was the last step in completion of the plan in this state. Under the new laws, one-half of the money will be paid by the state and the remainder from federal funds. It is estimated that 34,000 aged people, 940 blind citizens, and 7,800 indigent children will benefit by the legislation. Indiana is now one. of the thirty states who have aided in making social security a reality, conforming wtith the requirements of the federal acf. Perhaps one of the most important steps in modem governmental history. has been taken.—A. M. C.
Former Student To Manage Airport Word was received at the Exponeiit office last night that C. A. Middleton, a former University student and now a licensed transport pilot, will leave the University airpoirt- to take charge of the Bloomington airport oii April 18. Middleton received his instruction from Capt. L, I. Aretz, airport operations manager, and later managed the Fowler airport. The Bloomington field, which has been improved under the CWA program, is of the “L” type and has an area of about 100 acres. The land is privately owned and leased to the city.
Residence Hall Co-eds Will Hiiilit Bafiier Eggs Tomorrow Go-eds ,at the Women’s Residence Ha.U ypU participate in an Easter egg hunt tomorrow morning at 8 o’clock. A si>eci#4Easter breakfast wUl he eeri^ 8^
Cosmo Club Postpones International Night International Night, highlight of the Cosmopolitan Club’s social events, has been postponed from April 30 to May 5 because of a conflict in dates with the Prom. It is to be at 8 p. m. in the ballrpom Of the Memorial Union Building. The program will be a colorful representation of other countries’ dances and songs given in native costumes. General admission tickets, priced at 25 cents, will be on sale at Deac’s, Sputhworths, the Union desk, College Inn Cafeteria, and McLean Music Shop, starting at noon today. Reserved tickets may be purchased from A. F. Futoohee and C. B. Gaskins at 40 cents each.
WATSON TO SPEAK Frank Watson,'director of the University housing research project, will address the National Manufacturers' Display Council at the opening of the home exposition in Indianapolis next Thursday.
11 Co-eds Pass Exam For Basketball Officisds Eleven co-eds passed a written basketball examination Thursday making them eligible to take a practical test to be given at a local high school next week. If both tests are passed successfully the girls are eligible for local officiating. The girls passing the first test are: Betty Arnold^ Georgia Halstead, Elizabeth Hayes, Mary Hibner, Mary Humphreys, Regina Kelly, Junerose Piper, Jeanette Scudder, Janette Shaffer, Louanna Thompson, Mina-
del Venemann.
Miss Brady has requested these girls to get in touch with her immediately regarding the practice test which must be taken within
the next week.
Group To Discuss Art In Regular Meeting “Art” will be the subject that the Discussion Group Will consider at its next regular meeting Wednesday evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building. The subject will be regarded in the light of its effect'upon the average person, answering the questions “What IS Art?” and “What ate its contribu-
tions to the world?”
CHIMES— (Continued on page 2) Rev. McFadden will teach the epmbined ^ Student Sunday School Classes at 9:30. Church service will begin at 10:40. The Paul Tincher Smith Memorial Choir will sing “Spring Bursts Today”, by Van Denman Thompson; and “Hosanna in the Highest”, by Gounod. Rev. Otto Scott Steele Will deliver the sermon. Regular evening supper will be served at 6 p« followed by fellowship games. Epworth League at 6:30 will be installation service for new officers. At 7:30, high school players will present a three-act drama, “The cloth of Sendony”.
May Day Group 8,—^Meet; m :Tower rpona ' of Union at 4 : b’lBlock ,on Monday. ^: —BOLLER, W.AiA. Hiking'.—Hike to WiA.A. cabin leaving gym At :2 ;30' today. In case "of . toin, call gyni or Humphreys, '6720. : DOBBQN. : W.A.A—Baseball games start 'Tuesday: Kappa’s vs. Chi Omega. Ward 2 -vs. Ward 4 at 4 o’clock. 3,:'—KjBLLER;
Co*ed Tumbling—TSiinbling Monday at 4 .o’clock. '/—WALKER.; ^
P.E.W. 64—A new class is being offered bn Tuesdays and Thursdays at 9 b’clbck. 'There is still robin' for women to sign iip to take it for credit or as an electi’Te. ^LUS. ,3 Gold Peppers—linportani Be sure to leave your 78c at the Unibn Desk today. ■'v./v.. ■' —CLANCY.. '
Wesley Foundation-Easter carbUers 'will leave Foundation House at 6 ;30 a. m. Those who wish to attend the breakfast should sign up today.
St. John’s Fellowship—Easter Meeting Sunday at 6 p. m. Supper, musical program, and discussion on “Justification of War’’ led by Mr. Trefll of Speech department. Elveryone welcome. —MURRAY.
SUBSGEISB FOR THE EIPONENT
Increased summer school attendance brings out new need for awnings. Reduce the temperature of rooms 26%.^ Fraternities and sororities will find increased comfort in study rooms during the hot spring and fall) afternoons of the regular term. PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
DEAC ■ HAS EVERYTHING . for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H.G.REISNER
Ballroom Dancing Classes Open Beginners Wed., April 16, 7:30 p* Advanced Friday, April 17, 7:30 p. m. Terms—10, lessons, $6.00 Classra will be completed before Purdue closes.
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
4 Days Starting tomorrow:
. The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cara for Special Occasions 26e per passenger any part of the City 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Kemsaf SUNDAY - MONDAY
irs ceiTn^iiis coiedyf All Epidenie of lapgltir anil a malady Pf mirtlil
SUNDAY - MONDAY Myrna Loy & ■ Spencer Tracy “WHIPSAW” Charles Starrett & Aileen Pringle ■■ nsr ■. ■ “SONS OP STEEL”
LAST TIMES TODAY “WILD HORSE” ' “KING SOLOMON ; ‘, OF BROADWAY” “CUSTER’S LAST STAND’^
til
IllfllSf
JOMN iOLES " KAiiN w©iii,iy J A C IC M O tT . . -Guinn Williamt BilIKobimon LAST TIMES TODAY Buck Jones ' in - ■ “FOR THE SERVICE”
— Added Novelty — “AUDIOSeOPIKS” Third Dimensioh Pictures ■ STARTS ■ ■ ■ '; TOMORROW
Last Times Today : —Double Feature— RICHARD ARLEN . in “THE CALUNG OP DAN MATTHEWS" ■ aii d JACK HALEY ■in , - - “P-MAN” ^; '-1 viM-
ietters
Goach Latry LaBree’s terinis team will open their large schedule against Indiana State next Friday. The Boilermaker squad which will be composed almost entirely of veterans, is expected to make a strong bid for victory against the Terre Haute team on the local courts. , Three Veterans, Capt. Bob Nikdlich, of Gary; Ray tJlrey of West Lafayette, and Bob Tzucker of Lafayette, head the list of tennis candidates, Although there hsis been little opportunity for outdoor work outs for the new aspirants, Don Edmonds, of Lafayette, a senior and Maury Wakefield, of Shelby ville, Ky., are among the leading contenders. The complete tennis schedule fon the season follows: April IV^^Indlana state at Putdafe. ; AprU 2'4^Indiana at Putdue, ' and' 0 vd. Illinois at Puirdue. April 2&-r-Ohid at Purdiia April 27^n^PanW at Pardae. iMay; ^l-^PiUtdate'dt;..Illiabis'.';' '■■■■■ May 2—^Pardue atj Iowa. 'May 6-i-Notre DaMe^at .Pardue, : : IMay; Sr^Purda'e at . May 'p^Pardue at: 'Michigan State.
week as the teams which have been playing pfhctice games Since spring vacation will be all set for tile first scheduled game on 4:1& Monday, ApriLlSi Two leagues will be formed for this season* The 10 or 12 weaker teams will play in a league with the two best going to the finals. The other teams will play in another league with the six best going to the finals. Besides participation points the winners of the competition will receive a team trophy and individual medals fhr the players. The winner of the lower section will be awarded a small teapi trophy. GOLD AND BLACK Monday, April 13 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Bhi Ktti» pa Psi.
Moore^s
Track Relay Plan In the midst of preparation of Purdue relay combinations for tl|p Drake Relays ■ on April 24-26, Coach Orval Marti* bhs been hastily forced to revise his plans for combinations due to the loss of Cocaptain Claude Moore, brilliant miler, who has been laid low with
scarlet feVer. '
Moore, who was unable to compete during the indoor season because of an ankle injury, had given every indication that he would be
MNii
iiiliiiii
Lambert Nine
First ConferenceCame Wednesday; Heavy . Schedule Next Week Purdue^s baseball squad will face their first Big Ten encounter of‘ the year against the Chicago Maroons Wednesday as part of their scheduled activity for the Week which includes, besides the game at Chicago, games at Craw-
fordsville and Lafayette.
The Boilermaker nine, which is
able to make his season’s debut at striving to overcome a weakiiess
May i2-^Keintucky at Purdtife. May 18—rPardue , at Ihdlafaa /State. May iST^Ndrthwestern; at / Purdue. :;. May 18—Purdue,at ludiaua. iday Tea Me^ at; Ghic^o.
”Sittin’ Pretty” at a Table for Two
WW: Enjoyably ^-..'■o&v EASTER
We take pride in offering as fine and as varied a menu as j^u ca.n possibly find for the money.
Continuous Twenty-four Hour Service 420 Main Street ^
Drake until hit by "illness, and had been depended upon to run' as anchor man on medley and four-
mile combinations. • Medley Combination
Although; the loss of Moore, who finished third in the mile in the national collegiate championships last summer, will seriously impair the chances of the relay combinations at Dr^ke, Martin is still hopeful of fashioning well-balanced medley and two-mile quartets. The burden of replacing Moore in the anchor mile in the medley will likely fall on the shoulders of either Janos or Goory, a pair of cross-country veterans. Co-captain Lakie Glendenning, who placed fourth in the half-mile in the Big Tfen indoor championships, will likely draw the three-quarter mile assignment, with Bluemel, capable of better than 1:58, running the half-mile; The; quarter-mile lays between d pair of sophomores, Ter-
hume ahd Lemon. Pour Milers Out
With Moore out^^ the running, Martin has abahddned plans for a four-mile combination, which had been expected to be a strong, quartet, and is concentrating on a twomile team. The twC-mile combinatipn Will likely be fdshioned from Glendenning, Bluemel, Terhiine, Lemon and Janos or Goory, With Glendenning to fun the anchor leg.
BASEBALL GANIMbATES.
Freshman baseball candidates are urged to report to “Fop” Doan, assistant diamond coach, in room 104 of the Armory at 4 o’clock next Monday afternoon. ,
at the plate, faces an unusually heavy schedule of four games that •will provide a real test for the hurling squad. The week’s activities -will be launched on Monday afternoon .against the Little Giants at Wabash, while the Big Ten title chase -will be launched on Wednesday against Chicago' at Chicago. Wabash will provide the lone home attraction of the week here Friday afternoon, while the week’s activities'win be concluded on Saturday afternoon against Illinois at Champaign in another Big Ten encount-
er.
Although the diamond squad; is stilt-in the formative stage. Coach Ward Lambert expects to stick to virtually the same lineup that was developed on the southern trip. An effort ■will be made to save Bob Rosser, most promising newcomer, Glen Downey, and Lefty Martin, veterans, to; wnfkifm fbound in the Big -Ten tilts with the Mafodns ahd Illinois. K-
SilTW Mask To Award
Foil To Best Freshniaii At Banquet Wednesday Silver Mask,' fencing honorary sdciety, will present a foil to M. E. Goris, forestry student, who was selected the outstanding freshman fencer of the team, at a post-sea-son fencing banquet which will be held next Wednesday at 6:30 p. m. in the Hbion. This is the first time the award has been made, and it is exposed to be an annual event in the future. Guests of thfe banquet include Colonel Thomkins and Mr. Haug. Colonel Thomkins saw active service in the Spanish-American war and also against Villa in Mexico. He holds the honor of having been an officer of a cavalry unit longer than any other'man. Mr. Haug is a student at the university from Stuttgart, Germany, and has had actual experience in German sabre fencing which he will tell about at the banquet. For tickets see Lee or
Sellers.
*
3— Bhi Bi Phi v». Alpha Gamma , % Rho. 4— Beta Theta PI vs. Pi Kappa 6—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma ' " . 6— Pirathon vs. Kappa Delta Bho. ^ ^ 7— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 8— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 2—^Theta Tau vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 10—^Beta Sigma Psi vs. Pi Kappa
pm
Issue Call For Freshman Tennis: To Award 4 Letters. Freshmen tennis aspirants are urged to sign up on the bulletin board in the Memorial Gym in the near future. There will be four letters awarded to the freshmen making the freshman--varSiiy squad.
GRAD GETS POSITION A. L. Armantrout, of Lafayette, a recent graduate from, the University in industrial education, has just received an app(H*t*ient as sisiairt director of the ini^^ ire-; lalaqns depiatiment f^ gie-Hlinois Steel Coirp., in Chicago.
A-',,
Risk Dental Clinic PAUJL. A. RISK ■./■'ROBBKT'iG^/iBISK:-; LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 8701 Corner Ath-and 'Bfadh;/;'’'''/
While cleaning up why iiot bniig your plui^in^ t6 perfect efficiencyt bother ahd ti^ when rush is in the spotlight. Let local plumbers prevent these difficulties. PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
both ybur appetite ahd ppcketbhdk at the MiTZL SA^WICH SB^ 213 Vine St. ^^^ W^
Mfwpe ]Eiii©r^
eah JOHNSON Phbne 41332
Milk is your best food-r-it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Riiffi m minerals and rich in food Valuer it’s bodjTrbhildmg and energy btiildihg.
Makes The Saiidwidti
Blit you must be sure to use only our slo-baked, oyen-fresh: bread. We warn yon that no substitutes will be accepted by yoiu' family. So when making your next sandwiches, remember to use Graves “YoUth Bread” exclusively ... . it makes a big difference!/
Graves
124 State Street
3852
' ^ 3io.;MAiN;-m Seating Capacity—r2|f0 Persons Sunday Menu^ April 12^, 19B6 . Serving Hours --12, M.4 P. M. —/5 / P; M.-8 P. M,
50c DcLuxe Dinner Choifi!^ of Ohickeii Barley Soup or Lemoh Sherbert Cocktail TENDER T-BONE STEAK French. BViea COUNTRY FRIED CHICKEN Crbnberry Sauce Fluffy 'Whipped Potatoes ot / Swept Potato Surprise Creamed Asparagus or Glazed New/Oarrots dr Buttered Tiny Peas Perfection Salad Mayonnaise .Hot Twin Bolls Choice of . Homemade Fudge "Cake Angel Food Cake, Pie or Special Easter Ice Cream Coffee / Tea Milk Buttermilk
40c"'^' Special Dinner No. 2 SPECIAL CLUB STEAK French Fries VIRGINIA BAKED HAM ; Raisin Sauce Fluffy'Whipped Potatoes'or Sweet Potato Surprise ' Glazed New Carrots dr Buttered Tiny Peas Perfection Salad Mayonnaise Hot , Twin! Bolls Special Easter Ice Cream v Coffee . T^ , Milk . /- Buttermilk
Special Dinner No. 1 - -l-Sc TENDER T-BONE STEAK French Files ROAST LEG OF LAMB / ^ ^ Mint Jelly Fluffy'Whipped Potatoes or- ' Sweet Potato Surprise / - Creamed Asparagus or . Glazed New .Carrots or Huttered Tinjr Peas Perfection Salad Mayoiinaise Hot Twin Rolls Coffee Tea' L Milk Buttermilk
■:,35c,:' ■ Special Plate CREAMED CHICKEN on Bice Mounds SAVORY MEAT LOAF Fluffy 'Whipped Pptat^s or . ' Sweet Potato Surprise' Glaz^ New Carrots or / Buttered Tiny Peas . ; PerfectiOn Salad / Mayunnaise. Hot Twinj Bolls : . Special Easter Ice. CrOam Coffee ■ Tea. Milk ' Buttermilk
WE CATER TO SPEGIAL PARTiEh AND iMNN^S ■ ASEyPpBhMiSS'/BjLLEY/'/'^
Listen Here,^i8e Bird You may think that you’re getting somewhere skipping around in your search for a gohd place to eat. kut I know that you’ll end your search in the Union. So many of us have. And for delicious, tempting dishesy served in a pleasant and quiet at* mps^^ chf^ce is tElie Cl^tsitnut 3^om in/thc'--
EUDRIIU
^^The Corner the the Center qf College Activities**
''i[ TTENTION to details gives “FEDWINS” that distinguished refinement that gets the quick O. K. of the most discriminate. Finer quality and skilled craftsmanship keep them lookirig like thorobreds right down to their last day in service and thiat^s why another pair of “P^dwins” always take their place. Start with your first pair and “FEDWINS” will hold your permanent admiration.
• Td tide tip 01= you1^
From 2 to 6 o’clock every afternoon, a battered, old typewriter table represents half the state of Arkansas in a skyscraper office building in ChicagoV The table belongs to Lum and Abner, the Ozark philosophers, who will appear at the Mars Theatre today. The table’s story came to light this week when it had to be put up for repair, and when the lack of its presence around the office nearly got the Ozark team into literally hot water for lack of inspiration. According to Chester Lauek, the job of confining the program’s atmosphere to that of a small Ozark mountain town, has been no simple task, surrounded as the team is at present with all the business and clamor of Chicago. The team concluded some time ago that in order to keep the Ozarks constantly in mind while writing a program, it would be necessary to surround themselves with something that was highly characteristic or reminiscent of the country. After deciding, for obvious reasons, against taking a whole Arkansas room to Clucago, Lum and Abner chose, a rickety, ancient typewriting table that they had used at their home in Mena, Arkansas From that time on, the table has served to stand for the hills, fields and people of the Ozarks. And its inspiration has been such that when it was finally sent to be repaired the team was forced to work eight full ours on preparing their evening’s program script.
VISIT THE HUB FOR
Easter Suits, Hat, Ties, Shirts, Sweaters and Hose.
Come in and let us help you make a selection.
Let us remove the last effects of Winter from yOur car. Your crank case in particular needs attention. We’ll remove that sludge, flush it, and refill it; oil your transmission—in fact, service all the working parts. Bring in your car today. We’ll fix it up for Spring!
6di and Alabama Phone‘^48 We Never Close
WHY NOT SEND HER A LOVELY . ON SUNDAY MORNING? '
fTfiere is still plenty of time to tc/e-1 [graph flowers for out-of-town deliveryl
PHONE 8432
827 MAIN ST.
Foot. Du©^> HoeI and Anchor- Look Stitch.
"AIRFLO" 2 Thread for «veidng "FOUR O'CLOCK" 3 Thread for formal daytime wear "PROMENADE" 4 Thread for i everyday wear "OUTING" Z Thread for (ports
others at 79c to $I.9S ^
f&r Occasion**
•Spring Sports Fill the Picture
Once again the weather lures spurts lovers outdoors. If you are among the great horde of sports lovers, you will Want to visit Deac’s and see the wonderful selection of sporting goods he has on display. You will be surprised at the quality and lowness of price.
We have a full line of MACGREGOR GOLF CLUBS the finest in the United States
TENNIS RACQUETS A regular <mi q cvalue for only ^
GOLF BALLS 25c 35c 50c 75c All makes
TENNIS BALLS From 80c to 46c FINEST BASE BALLS MADE 26c 60c 76 c $1.00 $1.60 / A fine selection of Louisville Slugger Bats
I H.G.“DEAC”