~
'^:s~ W. 3y
Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Saturday, September 25, 1937
NUMBER 11
Undefeated Butler Eleven Tests Boilermakers Today
Elward Will Start Veteran Aggregation; Seniors Prepare For Annual
Enthusiastic Crowd Gathers 2,000 Strong To Cheer In Drizzle With spirit and enthusiasm undampened by last night's rain, 2,000 students and townspeople joined foi^ces in the new Fieldhouse at one of the greatest athletic rallies ever staged under University auspices. Led by Purdue’s All-American band, 1100 students carrying such signs as “Fight on Purdue,” “Beat Butler” and “Bulldoze Those Bulldogs” marched from downtown to the Fieldhouse where they were augmented by 900 more students. Crowds Cheer H. L. Wellbrock, head cheer-lead-er, and his corps of five assistants led the throng in yells and “Hail Purdue” and then introduced “Pop” Doan, master of ceremonies for the evening. Doan in turn introduced Capt. Marty Schreyer, Cec Isbell, and acting Head Coach Mai Elward. Both Schreyer and Isbell thanked the students for their loyalty and each in turn said that the team will do its best to come through with eight victories. Both players were given tremendous ovations. Coach Elward was then introduced by Doan as “the best man to take over Kizer’s duties.” Griffiths Talks Major John L. Griffiths, Western Conference athletic director and the principal speaker of the evening, opened his address by saying that last spring Pul-due’s squad looked fine. He continued by saying that he could not speak too highly of Noble Kizer, Griffiths concluded his speech with these words, “As individual men have characteristics that distinguish them from others so do colleges. Purdue is characterized by stability, dependability, and loyal-
ty.”
Correction; Debris Sittings Begin Monday, Oct. 18 Debris sittings for seniors will begin Monday, October 18, instead of next Monday as was erroneously reported in yesterday’s Exponent. Sittings will start at 8 a. m. and will continue until 5 o’clock. This schedule will continue for 10 days. Seniors having junior cards, who wish to have their pictures taken, must file their names at the Debris office by Wednesday afternoon, September 29.
Gullion Ends 3-Day Dearth Of Derbies Arriving barely in time to save Purdue’s cord, derby, and cane tradition for senior day Gullion’s clothing store in West Lafayette received a shipment of more than 200 of the black headgear and an almost an equally large number of walking sticks last night. Gullion’s import of senor cord day adornment ended a three-day derby dearth and a similar period of effort on the part of both Lafayette and West Lafayette merchants to locate hats enough to enable all Purdue seniors to appear sartorially complete in today’s parade preceding the BoilermakerBulldog gridiron battle. Derbies and canes will sell at prices no higher than those of previous years at his store on the West Side, Gullion said last night. Blnod Transfusion Call Draws Quick Response Summoned by yesterday’s Exponent, 18 students and one Lafayette professional man volunteered to give blood for an emergency transfusion needed by F. M. Shanklin, University 4-H leader, who is critically ill with a stomach ailment at the Home Hospital. All but two or three of the students were former 4-H boys who had known Shanklin during their club careers. The 19 volunteers reported to Harry Ainsworth, assistant club leader. An undetermined additional number appeared at the office of Dr. Z. M. Smith. Eight of the students have already had their blood tested in order to determine its fitness for the transfusion. The others will be called on if needed. Meanwhile Shanklin remains in a serious condition, awaiting the transfusion, after which he must recover sufficient strength to undergo an operation. Deeply grateful for the immediate response, Mrs. Shanklin expressed her appreciation to the do-
nors.
No further volunteers are needed; one call for aid from the 4-H leader brought results. SAE Pledge R. A. Dilts, Winamac, was inadvertently omitted from the list of Sigma Alpha Epsilon pledges in Tuesday’s paper.
Taken By Surprise^ Ehinger Emerges^ Excess Hair Intact; Rhinies Thwarted
By K. C. Houston “Are you afraid to come home. Pop ? ” queried three innocent freshmen, pledges at the SAE house, to Editor Ehinger yesterday afternoon as he was working in the Debris office. So began an episode in which ■Chuck nearly lost what is a necessary attachment for all goo.d senior eds—his mustache, which he had bet he would retain until today’s football game. It all began Thursday night when the SAE pledges jumped on member Chuck and tried to clip his upper lip of its growth; but with the assistance of the rest of the brothers, he managed to escape intact. Plays Safe Fearing for his mustache. Chuck left the house early yesterday morning and hasn’t been seen near there since, declaring that he would stay at a hotel until after 12 o’clock today. Undaunted, pledges Dave Light, Don Rosenthal, and Hank Luhrman, who are workers on Debris staff, went to the office yesterday afternoon and discovered Chuck there, but sitting at a vantage spot up
against the wall. Without arousing his suspicions, the freshmen sat around and heckled Chuck—^whom they affectionately called “Pop”— about his staying away from the house, awaiting for a good chance to get him from the rear. Finally a fellow staff worker came to Chuck with a question to be settled. Seeing that his attention was distracted, the freshmen waited no longer. Wield Razor The battle was going bad for Chuck—they had him down on the floor and had the razor ready— when he called for help. None being seniors, the rest of the Debris staff present were in sympathy with the frosh; but several seniors outside heard the call. Freshman Dave Light, who was wielding the razor, in an attempt to get quick results succeeded only in cutting up Chuck’s nose and hand. In rushed Tom Sheets and a bunch of Gimlet member, and the battle was soon over. Though having been defeated again, the freshmen were still optimistic and said “we’ll get him yet.”
Hold Senate Election Wednesday To Decide Ties In HE, CE Schools Because of two ties resulting from the senate election at registration, senior students of the home economics school and sophomores of the civil engineering school will select their class representatives at a popular election Wednesday from 8 a. m. until 4:30 p. m., in old Engineering Administration Building. Co-chairmen at the election will be J. H. Jacobi and R. Schumacher. Fay Pendergrass and Lorene Ristow, seniors in the home econimcs school tied for representation, and R. L. Lippman and R. L. Reiley tied for the sophomore civil engineering post. Committee Investigating the possibility of a new pocket-sized directory is a committee headed by F. C. Ahrens and including Mary Townsend, Ruth Hall, and J. L. Taylor. For the past few days the committee has been writing to numerous other universities for information on their school directories. Chief among these is Indiana’s popular directory more commonly known as the “Red
Book.”
Railroad Tickets Another committee with R. C. Fatout as chairman and including J. R. Keck and Frances Raebig, is investigating the possibility of shortening the railroad tickets. Hixer Packed With Frosh; Co-eds Scarce “That blonde’s here. Bob.” “I saw her, but what about the two^escorts ? ” And so it was last night as over 500 freshmen men stood around the wall of the Union over and cutting in on the few coeds dancing at the Skull and Crescent mixer for freshmen. The report is that there were more co-eds at last night’s mixer than at the previous ones of this type. There were only a few attempts at crashing the gate. A dozen Skull and Crescent men blocked the entrance, each attempting to look at the “passport.” The first attempt was stopped when one of the members recognized a boy from his last year’s trig class. Bud Bryant and his orchestra furnished the music for the dance which was a tag affair. State Highway Officiais Will Meet Here Today State highway representatives and officials of the various state organizations for county engineers, highway superintendents and others concerned with highway construction and maintenance, will meet here at 10 o’clock this morning to outline the preliminary plans for the 24th annual road school which will be held at the University in January. Prof. Ben Petty, of the school of civil engineering, who is in charge of the road school, has called the meeting which will continue through the noon hour with a luncheon at the Memorial Union Building. The group will adjourn in time to attend the PurdueButler football game.
CHANGES OF ADDRESS Students who have changed their addresses since registration, please report such changes to the Registrar’s office if they have not done so. R. B. STONE, Registrar.
Cord And Derby Parade Preceedinng Today's Anniversaif Game
Harvey Cline Club Makes Debut Today As Seniors March In Cords, Derbies Plans seem to be under way for a big time at the senior cord parade this afternoon. Reports late last night gave hints that the Harvey Cline Club, formerly the Purdue Forever Club, has been scavenging around in search of a water wagon that it might sport in the parade today. even though the attendance of President Emeritus Harvey Cline is dubious. Charter Members Under the leadership of acting president Walt Burnell, charter member, who holds office pending a conciliation between Harvey and the University’s administration, the club is determined to make itself conspicuous. Other clubs and groups are reported to be making such plans, but the operations have been completely shrouded in secrecy. It will all be out this afternoon. Signs furnished by the Union, designating the different schools may be obtained from Paul Eckstein at the Kappa Sigma fraternity. Seniors of the different schools will meet at the appointed meeting place at 12:30 this afternoon. These groups will then proceed to Stuart Field and join in the big parade at 1 o’clock. Meet On Campus Mechanicals, civils, and electricals will meet respectively at the M. E., C. E., and E. E. buildings. Chemical engineers will meet at Heavilon Hall. Pharmacy seniors will convene at the Pharmacy Building, while the ag seniors gather at Fowler Hall. All seniors in physical education, business law, engineering law, public service engineering, and industrial engineering will meet north of the Armory. Co-eds Compete Attired with gold and black ribbon the co-eds wilUcongregate at the Union Building, as a prerequisite to the grand march. For further information concerning meeting places or other related matters call Paul Eckstein, chairman of the committee in charge of the parade. Bureau Of New Plays To Sponsor Contest College students and recent graduates are eligible for the second play competition of the Bureau of New Plays in New York City, which will opem October' 1 and close December 15. Announcements of awards will be made not later than March 15. Awards of $600 again will be made to the authors of the six best plays submitted in the competition. At the discretion of the bureau, and on the basis of future promise and financial need, these awards may be increased to scholarships of $1260 or to fellowship awards of from $1500 to $2500. More awards may be granted if the material justifies it. If in the opinion of the judges, the material submitted does not justify the full quota of awards, the Bureau reserves the right to grant only as many as they recommend. The recipients of such scholarship or fellowship awards will be expected to submit at least two plays within the year’s tenure of the scholarship or fellowship or within six months thereafter, and in case of production of one or both of such plays, part of the scholarship or fellowship awards shall be considered as advance on royalties to be returned to the Bureau of New Plays for the maintenance of the awards. •
Powell LE Perry Schreyer (C) LT Hauss Bykowski LG Wuest Humphrey C Connor Maloney RG Schofield Woltman RT Weger Zachary RE Vandermeer Cody Isbell QB Broderick Cecil Isbell LH Welton Selby RH O’Conner Juska FB Blackaby OFFICIALS—Referee, Dick Miller, Indianapolis; umpire, 0. F. Helvie, South Bend; field judge, George Yamelle, Wabash ; head linesman, Russell Julius, Indianapolis. BRODACAST—WBAA, Purdue University; WIRE, Indi-
anapolis; WHBU, Anderson.
The semi-centennial of Purdue football will be observed in the Ross-Ade Stadium here this afternoon at 2 o’clock as the Boilermakers stack up against Butler’s Indiana intercollegiate champions in the tenth renewal of a series that was launched in the fall of 1887. Tony Hinkle’s Bulldogs, one of the few undefeated combinations in the country last fall, will invade the Boilermaker camp in a distinct upset mood, and with every
prospect of giving the rebuilt, untested Purdue aggregation
a real run for its money. Working in front of a speedy
backfield built around Blackaby, the brilliant all-around star, the Bulldogs will present a rugged line that averages nearly 195 pounds to the man even with Connor, a scrappy little 165-pounder at the center position, and the game is expected to provide a definite rating for a Boilermaker eleven that has been labeled as the unknown quantity in
pre-season Big Ten calculations. Acting Coach Mai Elward has
made no secret of his respect for the prowess of the Butler gridders, and the annual “fearing” that used to be directed toward Chicago has been shifted to the Bulldogs, with Elward insisting that there are no
quotation marks around his fear. The Boilermakers expect to de-
pend almost entirely on veterans and last year’s reserves in the effort to launch the season with a victory. Frank Bykowski, of South Bend, at left guard, is the lone sophomore listed in the probable starting lineup, although Ted Hennis may replace Cody Isbell who has a minor
leg injury, at quarterback.
With a trio of bi’illiaftt pass catchers in Don Powell, Jim Zachary, and Bill Vergane, and the brilliant Cecil Isbell throwing passes in his best form, the Boilermakers are expected to take to the air with frequency in an effort to loosen up the rugged Butler defense. Lou Schilling Plays At Cord Dance Tonight Silhoutted against an azure background, a typical ed and co-ed in senior cords will provide the backdrop for Lou Schilling and his Gold and Black Aces when they provide the rhythm for the annual senior cord dance tonight. The dance will last fi'om 9 to 12 p. m., and the regular admission price of one dollar will prevail, although seniors wearing cords will be admitted free of charge'. Since over 600 B^iHer students will attend the football game in the afternoon, undoubtedly a number of them will remain to attend the mixer and swell the expected large attendance.
FACULTY MEETING The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, September 27, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
Boy Scouts Here For Giuie; 6,000 To March In Pre-Game Parade Over 6,000 boy scouts and 4-H club members from nearly 150 different imits are expected to be in the line of march for the annual boy scout day parade. The youngsters will be the guests of the athletic department for the afternoon and will be seated in specially re-
served sections.
Registration headquarters for the visiting scouts and 4-H members will be maintained in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building. Admission credentials and parade assignments will be issued at the time of registration in the Union. The scout parade, which will be formed at 12:15 p. m. with the head of the column on the oval in front of Memorial Gymnasium, will move out on University street at 12:45 o’clock and proceed to gate 1 at the southeast corner of the stadium. Headlining pregame activities this afternoon, seniors from all of the schools will compete for the G. A. Young Trophy, awarded each year to the school having the greatest percentage of its seniors in the traditional cords parade. 1200 Feeders Attend Swine Day Meeting Attracted by the University’s seventeenth annual swine day, 1200 hog breeders and feeders from Indiana and neighboring states visited the University swine farm yesterday morning, where methods of feeding were demonstrated. In the afternoon. Prof. C. M. Vestal, in charge of experimental woi'k ' at the University, gave the results of the feeding tests on 250 hogs which took place this summer. C. L. Farrington of Indianapolis, president of the National Livestock Exchange, and E. P. Welborn of Cynthiana, prominent swinebreeder, also spoke before the visitors during the afternoon in the livestock judging pavilion on the University farm. Prof. F. G. King, head of the University animal husbandry staff,
presided.
In Farrington’s address to the feeders, he stated, “The ultimate end of every hog is the meat block. He is going to be pork chops, bacon, ham, spare ribs, pigs feet, sausage, jowl, or lard for some dinner table some day. Therefore, it behooves every feeder to endeavor to produce the kind of hog that best Suits the consuming public.”I
i
mm
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT ‘
Saturday, September 25, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY
^seciated ^Uegtate '^Irgss
National Advertising Service, Inc.
MADISON WISCONSIN
College Publishers Represeritative
420 Madison AvE. New York. N. Y. CHICAGO - Boston - L09 Angeles - San Francisco
Editorial Phone 6037 Camirns Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion
BUSINESS MANAGER
D. C, Miller
This newspaper i^ written, edited, and published by undertrraduato students of Purdue University. All_ opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Editorial Staff
MANAGING EDITOR..
J. E. Brock
ASSOCI.A.TE EDITORS..... D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS L. C. Farquhar, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. L. Olson, B. T. Loveridge, G. A. Torrence, A. B. Keller, R. J. Deckard, D. Paarlberg, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, J. G. Woodson.
Go-ed Staff
GO-ED EDITOR.
Elizabeth Pyke
ASSOGIATE EDITORS........Mary Gooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee.
SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS. .......Mary Davis, Patricia Heine, Patricia Henry, Alice Martens, Yvonne Price, Mildred Ross, Emily Sawdon, Georganne Schilling, Helen Steffee, Katherine Thrasher, Betty Wickard, Joan Wimborotigh. -
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in: section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session, ' Business Staff , , j ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER j: P. Girard Local Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER.... R. R. Hensler SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS E. A. Antonini, W. A. Beman, V. R. Daugherty, H. R. Gingher. National Advertising Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. Gillilan SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS J. R. Fouts, J. R. Drever, H. W. Nevin. Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER ,......M. C. Reeves SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS ....W. F. Berg, R. L. Lippman, O. E. Lorenz, W. E. Smith. Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR ......R. F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer. SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS G. W. Bruer, C, W. Brown, J. Collins, W. H. Murray, W. F. Qualls, J. A. Hebbeler.
NIGHT EDITOR
...C, D. Schroeder ISSUE EDITOR. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER, 25, 1937
.Don Paarlberg
EXPONINT PLATFORM
1. Improve student housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods.
trs. Disgusting antics of drunks have marred Purdue’s first games in the past. High schoolish seniors in college have detracted much from the day.
Hopes And Expectations
Today is the day of Purdue’s first grid battle of the school year. Whether or not we win, we expect to see some fine playing on both sides. We hope to see many of Isbell’s streamlined passes completed for long gains, many long runs by Juska and the others. We hope to see the Boilermaker line shove back the opponent’s wall for many a first down.
There is no reason why today’s cord procession should be a funeral march—it should provide a good time and a worth while spectacle for its participants and observers. However, it should be conducted with a certain degree of decorum. Prominent faculty men, who derive as much pleasure as the undergraduates from the occasion, have requested that the seniors refrain from the painting of their derbies or detracting from the procession as a whole by any selfish desire to show off.
But what we hope not to see is any disgraceful actions on the part of the specta-
Above all, don’t get drunk. It’s not the purpose nor position of the Exponent to preach a sermon, but if the senior remembers how certain drunks disgraced themselves, their school, and thjeir class last year and the year before, he should have at least enough common sense not to make a similar spectacle of himself.—J. E. B.
Letters To The Editor
Letters to the editor must be fairly short and must be accompanied by the writer’s sisrnatures. Unless otherwise requested, the author’s name will be published with his letter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, we see fit to withhold any name, that name will be held in strict confidence. The Exponent assumes no responsibility for the opinions voiced herein*
A Selfish Move?
pus look like when all smokers get into the spirit? I, as a senior student, proud of the appearance of our campus, urge that the Executive Committee vote against abolishment of this tradition. Furthermore, let them give the Senate power to put “teeth” into a rule prohibiting campus smoking. CHARLES E. D0BR6W0LSKY.
Dear Editor: Of all white-livered, hare-brained, selfish, will power-lacking human beings, the Purdue Student Senate members are the outstanding. That they were influenced by their own uncontrollable desire to smoke and the demands of friends who also lack brain power sufficient enough to restrain this desire is too apparent. . J' From the account in the Exponent, concerning the discussion of the question of campus smoking in the Senate, one cannot help but come to the conclusion that a few influential members, possessed with a slight knowledge of mob psychology, rushed this matter to a prearranged end. Perhaps the Senators did not have enough backbone to “stick to their guns” when things looked anything but favorable. With people possessing perserverance and determination such as has been shown by this sudden reversal of Student Senate sentiment, we are expected to build an ideal student government. If they are swayed by the opinions of students who would practice a campus-mar-ring habit, how can we expect any good of them? Only a few days ago the Exponent carried the caption “Student Senate Renounces Campus Smoking Tradition.” Already the lawns bordering the walk.s are literally covered with cigarette butts. If this is allowed to go on, what will our cam-
What, Where, When?
By Sally McKee
“Jim?” “Is Jim there?” | ' “Jim live here ?” Howoften have we heard these types of greetings after picking up the telephone receiver. And they’re all wrong—as wrong as the English counterpart “Are you there?” is funny. What is more confusing than to have an unexplained name blurted into your ear. One should say “Hello, may I speak to Jim ?” You don’t want to know whether he’s there; you want, presumably to ask or tell, him something. Give the other fellow a break; start your conversation with a very gentle (?) hello, and then ask for whomever you wish to speak to. ,
Intramural Sports Program Promises Variety Of Events
This coming week’s intramural sports program promises a series of events of interest to all the sportsmen on the campus. Ward softball, ward golf, inter-fraternity golf, interclass tennis, and intei'-fraternity softball furnish the highlights.
The program, with the exception of ward softball, which starts bn Tuesday, and interfraternity softball, which gets underway again bn Wednesday, has no definite starting date.
EXPONENT WORK SCHEDULE
The following members of Exponent editorial staff will report to the office this afternoon at 1:00 for work on the Sunday paper, Sophomores: Olson, issue editor; Frederick, Keller, Kroeplin, and Loveridge. Freshmen: Blocker, Lower, Maudlin, Ross, and Wheeler.
Inter-fraternity golf and interclass tennis will start some time during the week and the ward golf opening is dependent upon the number of Students entering.
This column is affectionately dedicated to the grand and glorious class of ’38. . I
New tradition invades campusFreshmen girls are going to try to mutilate all senior girls’ cords. Any underclassmen caught wearing cords will be deskirted on the spot. No if, ands, or buts.
“Stinky” Forster is still proudly proclaiming an untouched-by-metal mustache ? Can you see it ?
ACT-A-CORD-INGLY I stand before the bureau glass Admiring my reflection there, Golden gleaming cords encompass My anatomy in a style that’s rare.
A smile of victory on my lip Which had been foliaged with hair, Burst into laughter as on my hip, I saw my cords still there.
Tight as a glove around my waist A golden girdle of seniordom, A hiding place picked not in haste Has sure made those frosh look dumb.
But lo—I hear the band a-playing, ’Tis time I was getting out To that parade of legs a-swaying Where someone will shout.
“Who’sj^he guy in those gosh-awful cords,”
Jim Shoemaker was not allowed to enter the mixer in his ex-Union. “It’s a helluva Union,’ ’says Shoemaker. _
The personal opinion among the senior men about senior coeds weartheir skirts on Homecoming is as follows: Women are always obeying their ever vain natures. The
women want to take advantage of their opportunity to parade in front of thousands of alumni instead of the smaller number of Boy Scouts.
Seniors, your DERBY troubles are over. Drop in at Gullion’s any time this morning. What’s a senior cord parade without derbies and
Lafayette C. Of C. Will Fele University Staff Members
University staff members will be guests at a reception and smoker to be given at 7:30 Wednesday evening in the ballroom of the Fowler Hotel by the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce. t The Purdue Relations Committee of the Chamber of Commerce, with John Jamison as chairman, will supervise the program.
Children’s Dancing Classes Organized BALLET AND TAP^ ENROLL SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 25th
BALLET CLASSES Senior, Agre 9-14—10:45 A. M;
TAP CLASSES
Baby, Age 4-6-—1:30 Pi M. Junior, Age 7-9—2 :15 P. M.
S^nipr, Age 9-14—10:00 A. M. / Junior, Age 4-6—3:00 P. M. Intermediate, Age 7-9—3:45 P. M.
ALLEN’S
Sixth and Ferry
Attention, Faculty and Students Monthly Charge Accounts Solicited at UNIVERSITY SERVICENTER 329 Northwestern Ave. Just Past the Fire Station
A Complete Automotive Super Service Station Practically on the Campus Gulf Lubrication Good Gulf Gasoline Car Washing Good Gulf Motor Oil Road Service Goodyear Tires Battery Service Goodyear Batteries Tire Repairs Hot Water Heaters Your Car Called for—Delivered—No Charge Dial 3894
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
If you don’t mind, lady—I’ll have coffee later with dessert.”
Collegiate
By Mary Cooley “Worry endangers a student’s health more than study. Overstudy and overwork have rarely endangered the health of students.” These are the facts stressed by Dr. Josephine L. Rathbone to the Directors of Physical Education for college women. Dr. Rathbone’s advice Is: “Take it easy and you’ll last longer.” Which wasn’t meant to give failing students an excuse for lying down on their work. The small proportion of college students who indulge in severe athletic competition is taught the value of alternating rest with exercise. Life consists of effort and rest— both are necessary to normal living. “Students as a class do npf suffer from overwork any more than from over-relaxation,” commented Dr. Ira S. Wile.
Our neighbor, who is a horticulturist, tells US' that our • garden should have sex appeal. He suggests lady slipper, bachelor button, bridal wreath, poppy—and the inevitable baby’s breath.
may. Several years later when she announced that she was going to America, he promptly disowned her.
In the two years Nexhmie has been i'n school at Wellesley, her father has not written. Instead of the colorful, bloomer-like costumes of her homeland, she wears gay coed clothes including beer jackets and skirts.
Weary of the traditional forms of entertainment-dances, bridge and all that—two new organizations popped up at Ohio State last spring. One was the “Bulger Boys,” the other the “Budgerettes.” Their only objective is to have fun, members say. They have uniforms representing the latest modes of hillbilly attire.
Maybe they could get some ideas from the hay-rides, which have been both popular and successful here.
Nexhmie Zaimi, who grew up amongst Albanian revolts and rebellions, is now a Wellesley college student. When foreign visitors came to Albania wearing stylish Paris hats, little 12-year-old Nexhmie thought them more chic than veiled women. She even cast her own veil out the window, much to her father’s dis-
—LAST day-
double FEATURE
DICK FORAN IN “PRAIRIE THUNDER”
—and— CESAR ROMERO
‘ARMORED CAR’
COMING SUNDAY SPENCER TRACY
‘CAPTAINS COURAGEOUS’
ARC
Last Times Today Joe Louis VS. Tommy Farr Official Fight Pictures —PLUS— Johnny Mack Brown, in “Rogue of the Range”
—ALSO— ‘Robinson Crusoe”
Tom Brown, In “ROSE BOWL”
Guy Kibbee, in ‘MAMMA STEPS OUT’
■LAST DAY—.
DOUBLE FEATURE
lii°TO4i£ mil m TiiLUDI
BilllTON MacLAHE < ANN. SHERIDAN —PLUS—
fOU"
ii
WILLIAM GARGAN ORIEN HEYWARD
STARTING SUNDAY BARBARA STANWYCK
STELLA DALLAS
LAST DAY —
—PLUS— CLYpE McCOY and His Orchestra
STARTING SUNDAY DICK POWELL IN
‘VARSITY SHOW’
IMJ
wim
"'J “' *»W |lu>aifcat»«*««i<wfiii^t <Wwm •.
/ ^
P\
J? i<?
Saturday, September 25, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Fall Tournaments Prepare Billiard Enthusiasts For Interschool Competition
Billiard enthusiasm is at a high pitch at the present time anticipat mg the fall billiaid tournaments The goal of all players is a position on the five man team which will lepresent Purdue in the inter school contests held latei in the year Purdue billiards suffered a sever
blow last year when three of the crack players, Ingleman, Ambrosen, and Steed failed to qualifv As a lesult, cups which we held, were lost to Cornell and Wisconsin With the above men back again this yeai and several other likely prospects, it IS hoped that these cups will be bi ought home again
Tournaments which are to be held are lotation pocket, “fourteen one” pocket, and thiee cushion Anyone interested in these tournaments should sign up in the near future in the billiard room of the Memorial Union Building
THE NEW SPEED-O-PRINT Greatest Value Ever Offered IN A FULL SIZE ROTARY STENCIL DUPLICATOR Hand Feed
Automatic Feed
$32-50 SAVE TIME and money
.... REPRODUCE YOUR OWN LETTERS—MENUS OFFICE FORMS — CIRCULARS — BULLETINS PRICE LISTS — FACTORY FORMS — CARTOONS CARDS.
HAYWOOD’S Retail Dept. Established 1826 5th & Ferry Sts.
• Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
— Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic DR PAULA RISK DR HAROLD J RISK DR ROBERT G RISK DR LUTHER A RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119'/z Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
—- Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY
Most exclusive assortment of cor-sag-es available to Purdue Students 527 Main Phone 5432
Jewelry —
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
Locksmith
“C” CARTER
Keys — Locks — General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing
Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Mam, W. L.
Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
— Beauty Studio
CORRECT BEAUTY IRLATMENT
Co-ed Days Tues and Thurs Kienly Beauty Studio 622 Mam Phone 7727
— Photography
Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
— Dine —
Rjudt^
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U S 52 at Lindbergh Road
— Confectionery —
Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Mam and Sixth Sts.
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
— Barber Shop
0. K. Barber Shop 113 E State St (Opposite Graves’ Bakery) Prop., HARRY J. STRAUB Formerly of Fort Harrison
Wrestling Enthusiasts To Meet Monday For Tryouts Announces Coach Reeck
“All wrestling enthusiasts will have a chance to try out foi their spoit next Monday afternoon, at 3 30 at the Memoiial Gymnasium,” says Coach Claude Reeck “No previous expel lence is necessary and all fieshmen as well as uppei class men are urged to start working out ”
Coach Reeck came heie from Clinton, la , high school, where he was director of athletics and head foot ball coach Heie he acts as assist ant freshman football coach, head wrestling coach, and an instructor in physical education His record IS impressive in Clinton m that his teams lost only five meets in seven years
This IS the first time in several years that wrestling has had an oppoitunity on the regulai sports pro gram, although it has had a place in intramural activities
Art Radkey To Write Script For WIW Feature Programs
A A Radkey, Sc ’37, has accep ted a position with the Closely Ra dio Coiporation as an assistant to Joseph Reis, head of Ohio School of the Air He will wi ite continuity and script for many WLW features Radkey spent most of his spare time while at the University in writing short stories and plays He was also an important factor in putting the radio stage on the air
Fielders Choice
Last night’s “pep” session was dampened somewhat by lain, but it was still faiily successful Let’s have everyone turn out for the game today, lain oi shine One person who would like to be at the game is “Nobe” Kizer he is up and around, but the excitement of the game might be a detriment to his recoveiy
-fc—
Between 50 and 60 men divided about evenly between the four classes, reported for the crosscountry and tiack meeting Thurs day afternoon The first cross country meet is with Pittsbuigh at Pittsbuigh on October 2 Those men interested m the “round robin” senes will start piactice next Monday
Coach Phillips Announces Inter-Class Track Plans; Co-Captains Announced
Matthew Luckiesch, EE '09, Writes New Technical Book
-fc
B E Petry, junior mechanical, received the only serious injury during the week he broke his nose on Wednesday has been report mg for practice the rest of the week, but will not be able to play today
-fc—
The Boilei maker “B” team will play Illinois this afternoon at Illinois the team took the seven o’clock tiain this morning to Champaign The Illini varsity is opening their season against Ohio University
“The Science of Seeing ” by Mat thew Luckiesch, E E ’09, Sc D D E , who IS an authority on lighting and vision, is a lecent publication recognized by lighting engineers to day to be of outstanding merits The Lighting Research Laboiatory of the General Electric Co , Cleveladn, 0 , lecently released this in foimation for publication In 1911, two years after his giad uation. Dr Luckiesch leceived the degiee of Master of Science from the University of Iowa Iowa State College conferred upon him the de gree of Electiical Engineer in 1912, and the degree of Doctoi of Science in 1926 His highest honois, how ever, came to him in 1935 when Puidue awarded him the degree of Doctor of Engineering for his “out standing achievements in science,” one of the few times in years that the University has confeired this degree Dr Luckiesch has been lespons ible for many revolutionary devel opments in the illumination field, among them being the daylight lamp, the photographic lamp, and processes for coloring lamps He is at present the director of the Lighting Research Laboratory, a position he has held since 1924
132 Vine Sf. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
For Pine Dry Cleaning send your clothes to the
AMERICAN LAUNDRY We offer you 10% discount on all laundry brought in and called for at our West Lafayette Office at 132 Vine Street. Youdl like the way we do your shirts as well as all your wearing apparel. We solicit a trial bundle.
AMERICAN UUNDRY
Saturday Evening Post Rates Purdue Eleven Third
Fiancis Wallace, well known spoits wiiter, picks Purdue third in the Mid West in his story entitled “Pigskin Pieview” appearing in the current issue of the Saturday Evening Post. Ranking Purdue beneath Minne sota and Notre Dame and predicting a probable upset with Purdue on top, he continues his Mid-West lankings with Northwestern, Neblaska, Indiana, Wisconsin, Missouri Michigan, Illinois, Michigan State, Iowa, Maiquette, Chicago, Oklahoma Aggies, Cieighton, Tulsa, and Drake appealing in that order Mentioning Pui due’s recent series of casualties, he comments upon the Boilermakers as being an improving team Cecil Isbell is named as one of the outstanding backs in the country, and Hennis, Mormngstar, Schreyer, Woltman, and Ver gane receive mention as the out standing members of the squad in his opinion
Subscribe for
The Purdue Exponent NOWl
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
DON'T
WRITE HOME
Let the EXPONENT take the complete cam pus news to any part of the country for you.
Save the time and worry of letter writingby sending the EXPONENT home six days of every week.
Mailing subscription $3.50.
At the called meeting of the track and cross country men Thursday, Coach Harmon Phillips disclosed his final plans for the fall track pro gram an event which he has added to the school’s athletic program in the hope that it will become an annual affair To begin with, he pointed out that one of the mam enticements for en tering the fray will be the trophy which will be given to the class team which ends up with the highest number of points If one class wins it three years m a row, it gets it for keeps, or the class which wins it the most times in five years gets peimanent possession of it The main reason for this new addition to the track schedule is an attempt to get everyone back into the mood of things and get them into the habit of keeping in shape again Thus by the time the indoor track season rolls around, everyone will be in turn and ready for action instead of being laid up with sole muscles and shin splints as has been the rule in the past Co-Captains Just to get things oigamzed on a woiking basis, Phillips named the co-captains of the four class teams as being Ormiston and Schlater for the freshmen, Simmons and Paxton for the sophomores. Gutting and Luther as the junior leaders, and Lemen and Terhune for the seniors These men are to get the teams together and do their best to turn out some winning combinations The schedule for the round-robin play which has been drawn up by Phillips is posted on the intramural bulletin board and in the locker room of the Fieldhouse There will be no Friday and Saturday events so that practice will cover only four days a week Schedule Altogether nine relay events are listed on the recoids, with only the first places counting points The diffeient events aie the 440 yard relay, 880 yard lelay, mile relay, 220 yard shuttle huidle relay, 440 yard shuttle huidle relay, high jump, broad jump, pole vault, and shot put The tournament will start next Monday, October 4, and will last through Octobei 26 In regards to eligibility, no man can entei more than three events. Either two track and one field event 01 two field and one track event. Also eveiyone has to practice from September 27 regularly until their event is scheduled, unless they have some legitimate excuse
STANDINGS NATIONAL LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New Yoik
87
54
617
Chicago
85
59
590
St Louis
79
66
.545
Pittsbui gh
77
68
530
Boston
73
71
506
Brooklyn
61
84
420
Philadelphia
58
86
402
Cincinnati
56
87
399
—Results—
Pittsbuigh, 8,
Cincinnati, 2
Chicago at St
Louis,
rain
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New Yoik
97
59
622
Detroit
85
60
586:
Chicago
80
62
.563
Cleveland
76
68
528
Boston
74
67
525
Washington
69
74
483
Philadelphia
48
93
340
St Louis
43
101
305
—Results— Cleveland, 2, Detioit, 1 New Yoik, 5, Boston, 1 No othei games scheduled
Chemical Sodety To Dine In Memorial Union Thursday
Ameiican Chemical Society will hold a dinnei at the Puidue Memoiial Union next Thuisday, at 6 p m. Following the dinnei a lecture will be given in the Chemistiy Building by Doctoi T R Hogness, piofessoi o± physical chemistiy at the Univeisity o± Chicago and foimerly a membei of the staff of the Univeisity of California Doctor Hogness was an International Education Boaid Fellow at Gattingen in 1927 His leseaich woik has been concei lied mainly with ionization of ^ases
14THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, September 25, 1937
Dr. Hass Will Speak Before Roger Williams Assembly Doctor n. B. Tlas^ of the chemical dcpaitment ^\lll ''peak befoie the Ros:er illianr^ Discu'^sion group m the We-t "Lafa>ette Baptist chill ch at (i lO p. ni Sunday. Theie Mill be a social houi or amateui ladio hoiii, -which Mill precede the lectuie h\ one hour, and at G p m. a sunpei Mill be given. The topic of Doctoi Hass’ talk muII be “Hom to Get Along With People." 7 Weeks ^ Contest Open To Knitters Neaily 70 beginning and intermediate knitters started their seven Meeks’ contest under the auspices of the Union Knitting Club and the guidance of Miss Helen Jacot, of Loeb and Hene’s, last Thursday night. Wool of her own choice is the prize for the giil doing the the best knitting. Work will be judged for salability by Miss Jacot. Meetings are held every Thursday evening at 7:15 p. m. in the women’s lounge of the Union Building Maltha Wood, Union vicepiesident, is in chaige of the club.
WANTED—Bass fiddle, guitar, and baritone sax men. Call 5317.
SALE OR TRADE—Light Chrysler sedan, 30 model. Excellent condition. Call 41051—Simmons, 204 Marstellar.
ROOM AND BOARD—Vacancy for one stiudent. 108 Waldron. Ph. 41852.
FOR RENT—Half of double room $10 per month. 422 N. Salisbury. Phone 2904.
Fuller Brushes—Bristle comb for $2.69, the modern hairbrush. D. R. Douglas, 635 Perrin avenue. Phones 3417 01 36352.
Appleyaid, Bigeilow, Digging, Eberhardt, Greger, Hackleman, Hart, Hartley, Hockei', Jewett, Jones, Kinimel, Newhouae, Orlowski, Peterson, Pressler, Rifenburgh, Robertson E., Robeitson J., Schhtter, Schoger, Schieiber, Schuttte, Senne, Stroup, Suardi, Thomas, Wood, Woodward, Wyzykowski, /ettol —PHILLIPS
W. A. A.: Cabin first aid meeting September 29, at 7 .16 in the Women’s Gym All girls who aie taking oi intend to take the cabin leadeiship course should attend. —SWICK. C. E. 80: All students go to registrar’s office anc' have assignment cancelled —SONBSON. Novice Pistol: Training will stait Tuesday, September 28 Students can sign up at the Militaiy Dept supply loom any time aftei 8 a m , Septembei 23 —CAPTAIN KAY.
FOR RENT—Large room for two 01 three students. 40 N. Salisbury, Excellent accommodations. See Mrs. Dray.
FOR SALE—1 pair basic Iboots. Size 9-C. Worn twice. Bargain price.
LOST—Pui’se in locker room of Women’s Gym Friday. Please return to Miss Knight, Women’s Gym. Reward.
W A. A.: Cabin open house Sunday, Septembei 26, from 3 till 5 Students and faculty invited A group will leave the women’s Gym at 2 30 . —SWICK.
Exponent Co-eds: Afternoon office has been changed from Fifth stieet to room E on the main floor of the Memorial Union Building Report promptly at four o’clock each day —PYKE.
Union Workers: My committee will meet September 26 at 4 p. m. in workshop —MATTHEWS.
Freshman Exponent Workers: The following freshman schedules have been made. Monday: Middleton, Musser, Lowei. Tuesday: Beer, Strickland, Thompson,
Wunderlich. Wednesday: Fournier, Gregory. Thursday: Robson, Gaddis. Friday: Connelly, McKee, Meyers, Van Hook, Grass. Saturday. Blocker, Maudlin, Ross, Wheeler. Those named should leportto the "stooge” on the night preceding then names on the above schedule at 4 p. m at the Exponent office, 312 N Fifth St, Lafayette. —BROCK. Senior Women: Black and Gold streamel s will be worn September 26 instead of cord skirts, which will be issued foi the home-coming game. —BOSCO
Freshman Engineers: Meet for engineering lectures at 8 a m , September 26 by divisions as listed , Div A, C. E. Building, Div B, Michael Golden Shops, Div. C, E E Building, Div D, M E Building.. Assigned seats will be posted in the above buildings by Friday noon Complete assignments will be posted in Michael Golden Shops —KNAPP.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting to be held in Memorial Union Building, loom B, at 7,30 p. m September 28 —WINTER
Sophomore Engineers: Drawing plates for semester 1: PM 12, and semester 2: PM 11 and PM 12, may be had at room 202, Michael Golden Shops until October 4. —RISING.
Found: Student who lost engineering drawing problem book and work sheet blue ticket, call at Michael Golden Shops, room 202, —RISING.
Lafayette Hockey Club: First practice
LOST — Freshman Brinkley’s Chemistry book, 'Tuesday afternoon. Reward. Call Pinkerton, 55551.
FRATERNITY GOLF Monday and Tuesday September 27-28 Sigma Aljiha Epsilon—C. D Ehingei, E K. Thomas, G. Dahl vs. Tiiangle—R. W. Burks, R. C. Meleney, R. C. Zimmer. Phi Pi Phi—J. Dickstem, E. Kovaia, E. Sullivan vs. Theta Chi—E. Deane, R. Fuller, S. Weldy. Alpha Tau Omega—R. Burkholder, R. Maynard, H. Burkholder vs. Alpha Gamma Rho—Knaus, Roll, Hardin. Phi Delta Theta—T. K. Dickinson, F. C. Rhodes, F. T. Tulley vs. Phi Kappa—F. Gustassus, L. B. Didier, J. Galhgan. Phi Kappa Psi—W. G. Carlson, R. Hoffer, W. W. Baughman vs. Sigma Chi—Winn, Fass, P. H. Decker. Kappa Sign>a=^F. J. Burnside, S. Campbell, H. M. Jacklm vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon—M. L. Swinehait, H. P. Kwasney, P. K. Wehmiller. Sigma Phi Epsilon—E. Butler, R. A. Kettle, R. Strain vs. Kappa Delta Rho—R. Hill, D. Coleman, J. Rowland. Phi Gamma Delta—W. J. Sanders, D. Morrison, R. Coen vs. Pi Kappa Phi—F. Hatch, M. C. Magnussen, J. W. Castino. Theta Xi—P. Sarginson, R. C. Brasington, L. Luth vs. Pi Kappa Alpha—J. Sells, R. Peterson, C. Schmuck. Acacia—P. Kemmer, J. P. Taylor, W. F. Garten vs. Beta Sigma Psi—R. Bergstedt, R. Brindle, R. Marozick. Sigma Pi—Filstrup, Docterman, Ourand vs. Delta Upsilon—A. Peterson, E. T. Runcie, K. E. O’Neil. Alpha Chi Rho—D. Howkinson, R. Sasser, G. Shartzer vs. Sigma Alpha Mu—Goldstein, Devore, Aikin. Phi Kappa Tau—Cottrell, Garver, Reading vs. Sigma Nu—B. Yates, R. Lemen, E. Disher.
Local Ads
STUDENTS — Grab this offer quick. Three brand new portable typewriters for only $15.00 each. Investigate. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. East Side.
DERBIES DERBIES DERBIES On sale at Gullion’s (Formerly Southworth’s) Store.
STUDENT WASHINGS — 214 West Columbia.
FOR RENT—Room for one, large desk, board for three. 317 Chauncey. Phone 4311.
FOR SALE—1 pair basic boots, Size 9-C, worn twice. Bargain price, Phone 7714, 217 South Grant.
LOST^—Oiange Shaefer pen between Union and Home Ec. Bldg. Finder please call 2961.
FOR RENT—Half of double room at 224 N. Salisbury. Phone 61774.
Notices
Pianists: Pianist for weekly radio prdgram Apply to undeisigned before September 25, at 128 North Grant street after 4 o’clock —MERRIAM
University Orchestra: The following will report, Monday, September 27 at 8 p m , to the studio in Eliza Fowler Hall foi rehearsal This does not include several of those whose tiyouts have been deferred.
DOUBLE-DIP CONES
MALTS
SUNDAES
Do these warm days have a strangle hold on you? A nice cool cone or dish of ice cream will break this hold. CURB SERVICE FAIRMAN BROS. ICE CREAM WEST I^AFAYETTE
There's a Big Show on Tonight— and every niglit Every time you step out of the house your clothes meet the gaze of scores of friencls. What kind of an impression do you make? Use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly
We Carry a Complete Line of Colors of the Best Make of Blankets such as the Kenwood, Esmond and North Star in All Wool Sheet. Blanket sizes: 60x90, 72x90, 72x80 and 80x108. Complete Line Beacon Blankets. Complete Line Bed Comforts in All Wool and Down Filling. Prices $5.95 to $18.50 White Cotton Sheet Blankets 72x99 THIEME-WANGERi COMPANY 622-624-626 Main Street
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
Yes sir, men, when you want to go hunting or anywhere else, make sure you don’t have motor trouble. Insure your chances by having your auto repairing done at— Peter Anderson Company
525 Alabama
Phone 4048
Hen Who Know Value and style are taking to these new GEISLER SUITS AND TOPCOATS like ducks take to water—We are style authorities on young men’s dress; featuring HART SCHAFFNER & MARX and other well known makes. $22.50 to $58.50
500 MAIN ST. \J CUITHES SHOP INC.
Will Not Be Opei^ During Any Home Football Game