Purdue
Z-185
Exponent
SATURDAY
April 15.1939
Lcdccyette. Kadicma
VoLSO
No. 157
Pittsburgh Baseball Team Plays Here Today
Bridge Teams End Opening Round Of Tournament Play Forty-six bridge teams played in the first of two qualifying rounds of the annual campus tournament in the Union ballroom Thursday afternoon in quest of the 1939 University bridge championship. Because of the large number of contestants, it was necessary to divide the tournament into three sections. Beta Sigma Psi, composed of T. J. Stephens, J. H. Lux, 0; B. Moan, and K. B. Junota, “The Duffers,” a co-ed team of Helen McQueen, Margaret Timberlake, Josephine Thomas, and Eleanor Kistlei', and the Delta Upsilon No. 1 team of A. R. Schleicher, J. M. Willis, K. E. O’Neil, and H. I. Stanback, were the high teams respectively in sections one, two, and three. Since the players in these three sections have competed against only one-third of the total field, it is most important and necessary that all teams play again in the second round of qualification, according to the ofiicials of the tourney. This round will again be held in the ballroom on Wednesday evening. Opportunity Still Knocks Tournament director Julius Born, wants all players to understand that every team still has an excellent chance of qualifying for the final rounds regardless of their score in the Thursday night session. No eliminations will be made until
Mathews Will Play At Mixer Providing entertainment for this evening following the baseball tilt, Matt Mathews’ lO-piece" band will futtiish the rhythm for tonight’s Union mixer in the ballroom from 9 until 12. Matt Mathews will feature the beautiful brunette vocalist, Barbara Hillis. Although Mathews brings his orchestra from the University of Illinois, he is not a newcomer to the Purdue campus since he has played at several fraternity dances. One dollar admission price will be charged. Mikado Reserved Seat Sale Closes Monday With 700 tickets sold yesterday, the reserved seat tickets for the allcampus play, “The Mikado,” are going fast. Sale of the reserved seats will close Monday night after which the 50 cent general admission tickets will go on sale. Tickets are available at the desk in the Union and by representatives wearing yellow arm bands. Approximately 300 seats are left for the Thursday night performance.
the third session to be played May 4. Handsome trophies to be awarded to the winning team should furnish further incentive for participation in the tournament, according to Born.
faculty Keglers Face Alumni And Dads In Dedication Of New Bowling Alleys Rolling against a group of prominent Boilermaker alumni and dads, members of the Purdue faculty bowling leagues will formally dedicate the new Union alleys tomorrow afternoon at 4:30 o’clock. Three picked faculty teams, led by University controller R. B. Stewart, and three teams composed of dads and alumni will match strikes on four of the ten new kegling spillways. -
The matches to which the public is invited will be made up of three five man alumni and dad teams competing against the same number
of faculty pin smashers. Hall Heads Alumni
Leading the alumni keglers will be J. E. Hall, of Indianapolis, and a members of the Purdue Board of Trustees. The rest of the squad will be composed of alumni: Pat Murphy, Walker Winslow, Ed Gardner, Ray Garten, Careton Starkey, Walter Esterline, James Gamine, Frank
Hatfield, Carl Guepel, and Frank Henley; and dads: C. F. Meyer, D. A. Morrison, S. E. Fenstermaker, and J. C. Ertel. At the present time Pat Murphy and C. F. Meyer boast of the best averages with 178 and
175 respectively.
‘ The new alleys which were built at a cost of $67,000 were opened last Monday, but have had no official dedication. Seating aroimd 200 persons in the gallery and completely air conditioned throughout, the alleys are reputed to be among the
best in the country.
Pirate Chief
Tradition Assures Pittsburgh 86 Victories in 1939 National League Pennant Race According to tradition the Pirates should win 86 games next season. The reason—during three of the four seasons that Pie Traynor, popular manager of the club, has been in the saddle the Pittsburgh team annexed 86 wins, and the fourth year they slipped slightly and missed their usual
total by two with 84 wins.
In 1935, the first complete season of Traynor’s reign the 86 wins were good for fourth, in 195 they again were fourth. In 1936 they climbed to third, and last year lost their opportunity at the pennant by a last minute slump which eased the Cubs
into the World Series.
This record is quite a tribute to the leadership of Pie, the record of his four season’s showing 342 victories as against 269 defeats for a percentage of .560 and never once have they been out of the fiirst di-
vision.
Until two years ago Traynor was guardian of the third base job for the Pirates, when age finally caused him to join the ranks of former stars to make good as manager on their clubs. Evidence of Pie’s playing ability is shown by the number of all-star teams on which he was picked to guard the hot corner.
. Pie Traynor
Record Crowd Expected To Witness Feature Clash Arnold Bredewater Draws Pitching Task As Fehring Depends On Veteran Lineup Providing the climax of “baseball week” on the Universitycampus as well as the feature game of the season fSr the Boilermaker team, Pittsburgh’s Pirates wilf ,,invade the Fieldhouse diamond at 2:15 o’clock this afternoon for a game with the Gold and Black baseball team. Ceremonies beginning at 1:45 will include President E. C. Elliott throwing the first ball and Governor M. C. Townsend receiving the same. The game will provide the first 11—-—
test for the Purdue .team since its return from a successful southern
jaunt in which it won two, tied two and lost but a single encounter. The Pirates, meanwhile, are on their final lap of the extensive spring training program which included their usual stay in California, and will be putting the final touches on their practice for their National League opener Tuesday at Cincinnati. Expect 6,000 Since the game is expected to attract a record crowd, every effort has been made to see that conditions are as near ideal as possible for both spectators and players. In order to make sure that there will be seats for all fans, extra bleachers have’ been erected to increase the capacity to close to 6,000, while in order to thwart the weatherman, the diamond is being protected with two sections of football field cover which will assure a good playing • surface unless there should be rain at actual game time. In view of the fact that many of the fans have expressed a desire to be-^on hand when the Pittsburgh team takes the field, the gates of the diamond will be opened at 11:30 o’clock and spectators will have ample time to be seated before the Pirates start their batting practice at noon'. The Pirates will have the field for 45 minutes, following which the Boilermakers will have 30 minutes batting drill. Each team will then have 15 minutes of infield drill before the opening ceremonies at 1:45. Opening Ceremonies President E. C. Elliott will act as master of ceremonies for the brief program, introducing Governor M. Clifford Townsend representing the state; David E. Ross, representing the Board of Trustees; George Ade, representing the alumni; Henry W. Marshall, Sr., representing the community; Maj. John L. Griffith, representing the Big Ten; J. A. Dilts, president of the Student Athletic Association, representing the students; alumni baseball lettermen as a group, and Mordecai Brown, Terre Haute, and Carmen Hill, Indianapolis, former major league stars. Following the introduction of the guests, the Purdue band will head
Colonel Beere Will Speak At Scabbard And Blade Banquet Principal speaker at the initia- ■ tion banquet of Scabbard and Blade, national military honorary, 'will be Colonel D. M. Beere. The banquet will be held at Lincoln Lodge immediately following the formal initiation which will be held at five o’clock Tuesday in the Armory. In addition to the pledges. Colonel Milam, Noble Kizer, Lt. Seaward, and R. B. Stewart will be initiated in the ceremony as honorary associate members.
Phi Pi Phi.
a procession including honored guests and members of both teams which will march to the flag* pole in center field where the American flag will be raised, to be followed by the Ross-Ade flag. Bredewater to Start Arnold Bredewater, senior righthander and the mainstay of the local pitching staff for the past two years is slated for the starting assignment on the mound. The remainder of Coach Dutch Fehring’s nine will be entirely veterans with the sole exception of Frank Smithson, clever fielding first sacker, who replaces the graduated Joe Waling, in last year’s third place Big Ten
combination.
Probable lineups and batting or-
ders for today’s game
are:
Purdue
Pittsburgh
Dickinson, cf
L. Waner, cf
Dean, rf
Manush or P. Waner, rf
Lyboult, 2b
Rizzo, If
Mackiewicz, 3b
Vaughan, ss
Stamm, If
Suhr, lb
Smithson, lb
Young, 2b
Thompson, ss
Handley, 3b
Art Bredewater, c
Mueller, c
Arn. Bredewater, p
To be named
... announces the pledging of Louis A. Comis, Rome, N. Y., and Kenneth R. Mather, West Lafayette.
Game Tickets Still On Sale Tickets for the Pittsburgh-Boil-maker exhibition baseball game today are still available, according to Carl Swan, president of the Gimlet Club, sponsor of the game. Until 12 o’clock today, tickets will be sold at the Union desk, at Deac’s, Southworths and after that time may be bought at the gate box office. Prices for the tickets are 40 cents and must be accompanied by student passports. General admission is 75 cents. Professor Canfield Returns From Edurational Lecture Trip Through Eastern States After presenting a lecture entitled, “What Makes the Disc Go ’Round,” Prof. D. T. Canfield, of the electrical engineering department, has returned to the University following' a lecture tour through the Eastern states during the spring vacation. Among the cities at which he addressed schools for utility metermen are Newark, N. J.; Trenton, N. J.; Atlantic City, N. J.; Philadelphia, Pa.; and Washington, D.C. The tour was sponsored by the Duncan Electric Manirfacturing Company of Lafayette as an educational feature.
Activities Bureau, PIA, Prepare Co-op Plan Questionnaire In an attempt to obtain the attitude of independent students in regard to a proposed plan for a cooperative agreement between students and local merchants, PIA and the Activities Bureau, working together have drawn up a student questionnaire. Jerry Hinshaw, of the PIA executive board, said, “Before the proposed plan can be presented to the merchants, the association must have definite proof that the members will cooperate. The information will be taken from 500 questionnaires which are being distrib\uted to PIA members.” \ Students who receive the questionnaires are asked by Carl Lutz of the Activities Bureau, to return them promptly to the appropriate box at the west desk in the Uiuon Building. Oleson Speaks H. L. Oleson of the Weston Electric Instrument Corporation will speak on “Technical Features of Indicating Instruments” on Wednesday at 4 p. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. The public is invited.
Thirteen Youths Receive 'Hoosier Farmer' Degree At Annual Banquet In Ballroom Thirteen prominent Indiana farm youth were conferred the “Hoosier Farmer” degree at the annual banquet of the state Future Farmers of America conventiqn last night in the Union Ballroom. The degree was conferred upon _
'Reckless' Eds Spend Lavishly At Annual WAA Penny Carnival By Hank Goebel Grounding its program on the maxims “It’s the ed who pays and pays” and “Little drops of water make a great big drop” the Women’s Athletic Association successfully presented its annual Penny Carnival last night in the Women’s Gym. A spirit of recklessness pervaded among the eds present, for very infrequently are they allowed to mingle among the number of coeds present and get off with pennies. Ingenious Methods We must give credit where credit is due, and the co-eds must be congratulated for the ingenious methods they used to play the ed for a sucker. Chi Omega sorority went one step farther and to the winners at their booth presented the ed with an emblematic candy suclser. Down along the line of booths we came to Pedalion Penny Arcade, “a daring, dashing, sensational, flashing, naughty but nice, group of movies.” My, what a let-down. Phi Mu promised a kiss to each fellow, and didn’t back down—literally. Alpha Chis Mercenary At other booths we “lisheu with the Theta’s,” hammered nails for balloons, threw at Mickey Mouse’s balloon nose, and paid three cents for a really good pencil sketch by one of the girls. The Alpha Chi’s were mercenary, and took all our pennies as they bounced out of saucers. A trophy is presented each year to the sorority putting out the best booth, and this year a large box of candy went to the booth collecting the most penny ducats. Exhibitions of modern dancing, tumbling, and fencing were included in the evening’s entertainmej;it.
the following: Albert Engle, Columbus; Merrill Burbrink, Seymour; Merrill Hess, Seymour; Roger Amsler, Robert Jacks, and Paul Zimmer, all of Rensselaer; Wayne Bowen, La- ' Grange; Charles Wallis, Evansville; William Davis, Columbus; Warren Hire, and Elwood Kauffman, both of Millerburgh; James Abraham, Martinsville; and Dean Garber, of Middlebury. Knight Speaks Principal speakers at the banquet were Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the University division of education and applied psychology, and James H. Pearson, Washington, D. C., of the U. S. office of education. Pearson emphasized the value of the national chapter contest as a means of stimulating sound community programs. He also pointed out the different accomplishments
by FFA members and chapters in the country as contributing to the purpose of the organization. Contest Winners Among the other contest winners were Robert Niehaus, Evansville; Dean Garger, Middlebury, and Robert Stuckey, Columbus, who respectively won first, second, and third places in the chapter reporters’ contest. Columbus won the chapter contest with the Reitz chapter of Evansville and the Middlebury chapter placing second and third, respectively. Donald Cromer, Rensselaer, state FFA president, introduced “Hoosier Farmer” degree candidates. The convention, which has 200 registered delegates from approximately 45 Indiana FFA chapters, will elect state officers today.
Dutch Fehring VeteranCatcher, Uses Wide Experience In Direction Of Boilermakers
Dutch has been an integral part of Boilermaker baseball since 1931. Starting with that year he played for three years behind the plate for Purdue’s nines. Dutch was first string catcher for the 1932 Boilermaker team which fought its way to the top of the Western Conference race, then had to be content with second place as Fighting IIlini, eventual title winners, gave them their only two setbacks of the season. His playing sparked the rather mediocre record of the 1933 and 1934 diamond combinations.
Dutch’s Experience
Immediately after his graduation in June of 1934 Dutch set out for Washington, D. C., and a tryout with the Chicago White Sox. Dutch spent a month with the Windy City club accompanying them to Philadelphia, New York, Boston and back to their home field in Chicago. For the rest of the summer Dutch was with Dallas of the Texas League, During the summer of 1936 the Boilermaker coach-to-be completed work on his master’s degree here
at his alma mater. While finishing his education he found time to continue his active playing with the Lafayette team in the Ohio-Indiana
semi-pro league.
Head Coach Since 1937 Dutch had been assistant coach of Purdue nines ever since his graduation, but in 1937 he took over Piggy Lambert’s duties as head coach. The 1937 Boilermaker squad had a disappointing record, but last year’s team was in the thick of the Big Ten title race throughout the season. Only a few discouraging defeats toward the end of the season kept the Boilermakers out of the
top position.
Nevertheless, the team finished in a tie for second place, and it is evident that the advent of Dutch Fehring as coach will mean strong, finished Boilermaker baseball teams now. Even now this year’s nine m accovmted as a definite title, con-, tender for the rapidly approaching Big Ten campaign.
4^
f^diiiifdaL
THE PURDUE EXPOMENT
j^UsduM/L
Saturday, April 15,1939
The Mountain Will.. • . . . come to Mohammed today when the Pittsburgh Pirate Natiohal League baseball team appears on the local diamond to provide thousands of feiwent followers of the “National Pastime” their first opportunity to witness a major league baseball team in action. The unusual incident, coming as the last of a series of activities held in celebration of “Baseball Week,” will mark the dedication of the Ross-Ade diamond as part of Purdue’s excellent athletic unit. Typically American, the sport of baseball is as much a part of every red-blooded Hoosier’s life as is fried chicken. From April to October, every empty lot is crowded with future “Babe” Ruths, “Dizzy” Deans, and Hans Wagners. Every local general store is the scene of many bitter arguments, about this time of year, as to the probable “pennant winners.” Favorite barber shops will carry daily results on all the games. Throughout the summer, the happenings of the various baseball leagues wjjl become an integral part of the lives of a sport loving nation. Many of the most ardent supporters of the “Indians,” or the “Yankees,” or the “Cubs,” or “Sox,” or “Pirates” never see their favorite team in action. Many of baseball’s most loyal fans never witness a major league team display their prowess on the field. But today, through the hard working efforts of Purdue’s excellent baseball coach, the cooperation of the Gimlet Club and the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce, these fans may see one of the most outstanding major league clubs of all time without leaving the limits of their own city. Today will be a holiday in Lafayette as thousands of loyal subjects pay tribute to TCing Baseball. Even the Governor has taken the day off to come to Purdue and “play catch with President Elliott.” Studies will cease, shops will close, construction will be suspended ; everyone will be out to the ball game.— R. L. McD.
the Purdue Exponent Binteiied «a Moond elam matter at the poat oSiea In Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of ConicreM of Mareii 8, 1879, and at the special rate of poataee provided for In section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthorlsed Jannary 20, 1922. I^liSlisd dally caceept Slonday darins tba reicnlar academic year and wedUy dnrlfiK the Summer Bcaaion. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year,
mail subscription $8.60.
Sports Edition Editor in Chief R. L. McDonald
Associate Editors—R. J. Deikard, R. Jenkins, J. A. Hebbeler Sophomore Assistants—M. M. Richards, E. J. Mundorf, J. Dolan, S. D. Marquis, H. C.
Goebel.
Freshmen—Adamson, Lutzky, Johns, Heaton,
Swaim
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager.. PUBLICATION STAFF
Manaylny Editor —■
City Editor.
H. I. Stanback .....R. R. Hensler
..L. 8. Bardin .J>. A. Bailey
Assoefate Editors Q. W. Frederick, C. Houston, B. Bl Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. 6. Terrlo, J. C. Woodson Sophomore Assistants—E. Ahlf, K. Beer, R. DeHoog, B. Donahue, P. Ganzar, D. Heiple, K. Howard, C. Leber, K. Massey, J. McKee, C. McKeighan, M. Miers, M. Patterson, R. Taylor, K. Thompson, J, Willsey, A.
Yates.
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant BuMnees Manager M. C. Beeves Local Advertising Manager ES. M. Antoninl Ctavulation Manager__ ^— W. F. Berg Sales Manager. V. Dangherte National Advertising Manager..^ —H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager. W. B. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINQ BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHicAso ' Boston ' Los Angbles • San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and xmblished by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions In it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint Ail unsigned editoriaia are written by tbe editor-in-chief. Night Editor—Hebbeler Issue Editor—Deckard Saturday, April 15, 1939
New Board Officers Will Be Introduced At PIA Banquet Friday In the last function of the year for the present PIA board of control, members of the association will gather in the Home Economics cafeteria for the annual PIA banquet Friday evening at 6:30. New board members will be introduced, awards for work done during the year will be presented, and diners will hear an address by a speaker who will he announced Monday. New board members will include those who are elected Tuesday and also those who will be appointed following the election. Among the awards which will be made are the Lamb Trophy, H. G. Reisner Cup, and Southworth Script Trophy. Winner of the Lamb Trophy last year was, Bob Bauman, the most active PIA freshman. Gil Hutton was the winner of the Southworth Script Trophy, while Glenn Cross had the highest four-year index and received the H. G. Reisner Cup. Banquet tickets, at 60 cents each, will go on sale at the PIA office Monday. Omicron Nu Initiates Eight Pledges Today Omicron Nu, national home economies honorary, will hold initiation at 6 o’clock today at the home of Dean Mary Matthews of the economics school. The |uitiation dinner which will follow the initiation ceremony will be at 6:30. The eight pledges to be initiated are Treva Berry, Joanne Edson, Janet Gaylord, Jeanne Horwitz, Rosemary Ince, Margaret Mitchell, Leota Peter, and Ann Sickman.
Lark-Horovitz Trto Newman Clubs Meet
To Present Masters Music Tomorrow Presenting a seldom heard of group of chamber music compositions written for violin, viola, and piano, the Lark-Horovitz String Trio will appear in the regular Union music room program at four o’clock tl)morrow afternoon. Beginning with a composition by the French composer, Leclair, a trio of Mozart’s music will be played, followed by Brahms’ famous horn trio. • Mrs. Harletta Sasser, Grand Rapids, Mich.; Miss Thelma Thrasher, Lafayette; and Dr. Lark-Horovitz, of the University physics department, will make up the trio, each playing the piano, violin, and viola, respectively. Hall To Speak On European Situation At Student Forum Prof. Frank Hall of the history and economics department will speak on the European situation at the Student Forum at the Westminister House, 129 Sheetz street tomorrow evening. Preceding Prof. Hall’s talk will be a bi’ief worship service and a supper. The worship service, beginning at 5 p. m., will be led by Dick Jpnes and will be followed by the supper at 6 o’clock.
April 28 At Union For Annual Convention Newman clubs in the Ohio Valley Province will send members to the University campus April 28 for tbe thirteenth annual Newman Club Federation convention which will last three days, all meetings being scheduled in the Union Building. The federation, an international organization for Catholic students in non-catholjc schools, includes Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky, Michigan, and Tennessee, in the Ohio Valley province. ■ Edward J. Brennan, of Kent State University, is in charge of all discussions and business sessions. The members of the University Newman Club who wish to make use of the date bureau, which will be under the direction of Parker Wynii, are asked by vice-president T. B. Glazebrook, to contact her at once. Tau Kappa Epsilon.. . . . social fraternity, announces the installation of the following officers: president, T. L. Canada; vicepresident, R. F. Jones; secretary, P. J. Brennen; historian, T. S. Sly; sergeant-at-arms, B. S. Mowry; pledge master, H. P. Kwasny, chaplain, L. L. Wells; house manager, R. L. Riester; steward, A. T. Witham; song leader, G. A. Herrero.
HOmKID
wHh
, HUMPHREY BOGART • ROSEMARY LAHE rM" donaldousp* ■
Starts TODAY
— PLUS —
'ONCE OVER LIGHTLY'
MUSICAL REVUE
— with —
Dixie Dunbar — johnny Downs
K
To be or not to be . . . pay eight bucks or face a house-mother | ? BILL RIKER and his girl friend decided on spending a nice evening in Indianapolis, but found out that no other trains or buses got back in town before 2:30 in the momiiig. He dished out eight smackers for taxi fare . . . our fish of the week! We wish the DEBRIS (pile of rubbish) would stop threatening us with candid pictures . . . some may be just a little too candid to be likable. Maybe this blackmail is just another one of those cheap publicity stunts. Yes, McNEIL? ?
What do you think of a guy that utters a loud, uncouth “Ugh” just before he hangs his pin on the girl of his present thoughts ? . . . maybe NICK (Pawnee) VASILE could not think of anything else to say when he left his pin in Chicago. APRIL, 1913 . . . No corsages will be allowed at this year’s Prom because of the danger of slipping on the fallen petals.” MY HEART BELONGS TO . . . He gives her a break if she throws him a line; The girl with a sparkle will get along fine. The girl with a figure for a prize may receive A proposal for marriage to take or to leave. A maiden with brains may appeal for awhile Till he falls for the charm of a Pepsodent smile. Alas rny fair sisters, the outcome’s the same— The girl who pays income tax wins in this game.
LUMA — LAST DAY —
STARTS TOMORROW rlfCHNfCblORI
LORETTA mm RICRARD GREENE WALTER BRENNAN DOUGLAS DUMBRILLE KMCN MORLEY.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LidlAf
What’s this we hear about DON FOUST, WBAA half-shot? Rumors have it that he has brilliant ideas of transferring to Bellhaven College for Women . . . he’s even planning to take a nice long trip to the land of cotton (and mintjuleps) in the near future. We also might say that alligators aren’t the most charming things that can be brought in the Sweet Shop. “Oscar” could well have been left in New Orleans . . . Oh, for a southern accent ... or maybe it’s just an accent on youth. /
Copr. 1939 by* PpJterti Feature Syndlmt^ iBfc
“You’ve contributed thousands to the college, Rufus—^why can’t you get Junior a position as vice president of the sophomore class or something?”
Spring comes early in these parts but it strikes us that it’s a little too early to take part in a little scene that happened yesterday afternoon. To reconstruct the crime: Timfr—3 p. m. Place—Stadium Avenue, west of Russell Field. Story —1939 Buick coupe bearing Lambda Chi Alpha sticker in which two people were engrossed in a heavy job of woo-pitching ... in broad DAYLIGHT! We think it’s little Rip Van Winkle,
Don’t forget those Theatre passes. As this missile goes to press, we find to our horror that we’ve almost scooped the top soil from an innocent target of our dirt gathering. Nope, it wasn’t LITTLE Rip Van Winkle; on the contrary, the daylight sparker was BIG Rip Van Winkle. If we think correctly, he’s a Belt—not a Lam Chi. Worry! Worry!
ARC
• LAST DAY—
oim^ARim
-PIGTUliE
ALSO 'FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS'
SUNDAY-MONDAY ARMY GIRL HOLD THAT CO-ED SCREEN SNAPSHOTS
RKO RADIO Plchiro
STARTS TOMORROW
STARTS TONITE 11:00 P. M. Tickets on Sale 10:15 P. M.
ADMISSION
Nights and Sundays
35e
Week Day Matinees
25c
Children
10c
Regular Saturday Tickets Will NOT Entitle Patron to Remain for Prevue
MaiiI
—TODAY— ''Bringing Up Baby'' Plus 'Charlie Chan at Monte Carlo"Sctturday, April 15,1939
THE PURDUE
MudcbutiL
QhouJL
Aeariinsr Pitaie Hitter
By Bruce Witwer The Pittsburgh Pirates are going to have to revert to their name literally if they expect to play here today . . . only a sea-faring outfit could make much headway on the Ross-Ade “Saragossa Sea” baseball field.
-fc-
Dan Fisher, erstwhile basketball stalwart, has turned his attention to track now ... he won the quar-ter-mile grind in the recent Athletic Carnival in a pretty fast time, so now he’s taking his running around seriously . . . Fred Beretta is also out for the sport, bringing the cage representation on the track squad up to three . . . Weber being the third man.
-fc—
Spring fever was too much for the frosh tracksters this year . . . they came tearing through the first part of the season without dropping a meet but the part of the docket that went into the latter stages proved the nemesis . . . now the record is blemished by defeat but it still takes it’s place as being a basis for many huzzahs of praise for a sports division which in years past didn’t gather much acclaim.
Riveter Track Team To Launch Outdoor Season In Meet With Michigan State
Big Ten Bandwagon
By Rolfe Jenkins
Club Promofes Oufdoor
Leading hitter of the Pirates and brilliant shortstop is Arky Vaughn, Pittsburgh veteran. Vaughn led the National League in batting in 1936 and has never in his baseball career failed to bat over .300. He will occupy the clean-up position in the lineup for today’s game.
Activities For Eds, Co-eds
Promotion of outdoor activities among eds and co-eds is the purpose of the newly organized Outing Club which is affiliated with WAA. Officers of the new organization are: president, George Shawkins; vice-president, Janette Morris; sec-retary-treasurer, Virginia Beck. Miss Ray Fraser of the physical education department, is the club’s faculty advisor, and will be assisted by another faculty member who has not been appointed yet.
Clevett Announces
Squash Numeral Men
National Secretary Will Visit Kappas
Coach M. L. Clevett announces the following squash men, who will receive freshman numerals: G. B. Adams, W. J. Bond, T. G. Bushnell, W. A. Campbell, D. H. Daley, W. K. Lancet, D .W. McMillen, and H. K. Morton.
Kappa Kappa Gamma national field secretary. Miss Leonna Dorlac, will visit the West Lafayette chapter house today. Miss Dorlac, who has just come from Colorado, will meet with the sorority’s officers and make an inspection of the chapter during her two days’ stay.
14c:
390
Make a Date for the Baseball Game
Of course she’ll want to go.
TAKE HER
on the STREET CAR
Why Walk when You Can Ride—Fare 5c with FREE Transfer LAFAYEHE STREET RAILWAY INC.
Bodeau, Gutting, Holderman, Shackleton
Lead Squad Against Michigan Favorites
Followers of major league baseball will remember Vernon “Whitey” Wilshire, who used to whip ’em in for Connie Mack’s Philadelphia Athletics. Wilshire, who also played with New York and Chicago in the American League, has returned to Indiana University, where he had completed three years of undergraduate study before signing with the A’s in 1934. He is planning to complete his work toward a degree and is now coaching freshman baseball at Indiana. —BTB— Minnesota’s baseball team fotmd the southern hosts pretty tough on their spring trip. Lousiana State whipped the Gophers four times in a row. Johnny Kundla, of basketball fame, will again hold down the first base job which he handled last year. —BTB—
To launch their outdoor season in a dual meet with Michigan State this afternoon, 28 members of the Boilermaker track squad will leave here today for East Lansing, Mich. The Spartans, with a well balanced squad built around Ed Greer, outstanding dash man, rule as favorites for victory. The “Boilermakers are expected to make a stronger showing than they did last year when they were defeated,” Coach Hermon Phillips said last night.
siderable proihinence on the baseball team is James George, right .fielder, who led the Hawkeye batters last year with a .375 average, and is the only Iowa sophomore ever to win a Big Ten valuable player award for baseball.
-BTB-
In spite of the fact that the Wildcats looked better against the Louisiana State team than Minnesota did, they also had their troubles in the south, winning only two games out of six. Coach Burt Ingwerson, however, feels that the Purple nine will come around, considering the fact thiat the southern teams have had an advantage in practice time. Some of the teams had been drilling for six weeks. ' —BTB— Iowa University recently elected Erwin Prasse its athlete of the year. Prasse is captain-elect of the 1939 footbaU team, regular guard in basketball, and second baseman in basebalL Another player of con-
Wally Roettger, former major league outfielder, is having his worries at Illinois, where he is trying to find a few hitters, as the Illini did poorly at the plate against the Bradley and Notre-Dame nines. Hapac and Drish, who caused Big Ten opponents plenty of trouble on the hardwood, are a couple of the chief offensive stars for the Illini. Rainy weather which necessitated cancellation of a return game with Bradley, has left most Big Ten practice session in arrears.
Four HE Seniors Receive Hospital Appointments
Pour seniors in home economics at the University who have specialized in foods and nutrition have ali^eady accepted appointment as student dietitians at various hospitals for next year, according to an announcement made today.
The Riveters’ first place hopes rest mainly with Capt. Art Bodeau, Big Ten indoor half-mile champion; Steve Gutting, hurdles; Ed Holderman, miler; Red Shackleton, quar-ter-mile; and Forest Weber, field events. Boilermaker Entries The probable Purdue entries will be as follows: Tykocki, low hurdles, dashes, ana broad jump; Wadleigh, dashes and broad iump; Simmons, 220 and 440 yard dashes; Luther, 440 and relay; Menke, high jump; Wente, 440; Bodeau, half-mile; Holderman, mile and two mile; Gaulke, half-mile; Marozick, mile; and Knapp, mile and two mile. Other entries are Clevett, two mile; White, two mile; Reeves, two mile; Smith, half-mile; jGutting, in both hurdles; Kelly, high hurdles; Witt, high jump; Hibbs, pole vault; Edwards, pole vault; Denzler, broad jump; Larmoureaux, broad jump; Weber, shot put, discus, and javelin; Kessler, shot put, discuss, and javelin; Willey, discus; Bachman, discus, and Beretta, javelin.
1
WBAA
■THB voice OP PUROUK'*
The students, and the hospitals to which they have been appointed follow:
-Today
Helen Scott, University of Indiana Hospitals, Indianapolis; Louise Irwin, Presbyterian Hospital, New York City; Charlotte Frederickson, Michael Reese Hospital, Chicago, 111.; Roselyn Jackson, University Hospitals, Cleveland, 0.
11:00—Just Kids. 11:16—Carolyn Wood, soprano. 11:30—^High School Guest Program 12:00—Tune Time, Charles Powell. 12:15—The Woman Shopper. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market Reports. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—Baseball Game Broadcast.
N Tracksters Prepare For
Nearing Drake Meet
In preparation for the Drake Relays at Des Moines, Iowa, on April 28-29, Coach Hermon Phillips, Boilermaker track mentor, is grooming a number of prospective relay combinations as well as Steve Gutting, ace high hurdler, to represent Purdue in the annual outdoor classic. Gutting, who tied the world rec-
ord for the 60 yard high barriers discuss; and BeretJ;a, javelin, expected to be a strong contender for point honors against a strong field. During the indoor season, he waged a duel with Elmer Gedeon, of Michigan, for Big Ten honors, the judges giving Gedeon the nod after a blanket finish. The Boilermaker star came back to finish ahead of the Michigan star in the Butler Relays. Bodeau Team Nucleus At least two relay combinations, and possibly three, are being built around Capt. Art Bodeau, Big Ten indoor half-mile champion, and Ed Holderman, promising sophomore, who finished fom*th in the mile rtm in the conference meet and has shown considerable improvement since that time.
Bodeau and Holderman will team up with Alden Khapp, senior veteran distance runner, and either Merton Clevett or Raymond Marozick, to form a four-mile quartet, while the same foursome will probably double in the two-mile. Shack Probable Entry There is also the possibility that Allen “Red” Shackleton, quarterback on the grid eleven who has been a consistent performer in the quarter-mile, may join Bodeau, Holderman, and Knapp in the distance medley relay which will be run off on the first day of the meet. ^Dependent iipon time trials, Phillips is also considering the entry ot a mile relay foursome made up of Shackleton, Luther, Simmons, and either Menke, Fisher, or Wente.
Dance to the Music Carl “Deacon” Moore And His Orchestra
at the Annual
POLICE BALL
April 20, 1939—9:00 to 1:00 Armory, 9th and Union, Lafayette Tickets—$2.00 per couple
.4
J
jj,#National Game Film Shown To Riveter Baseball Followers Bj* Seymour Lutzky Over 500 Purdue baseball enthusiasts witnessed the showing of last year’s National and American League movies last night in the Electrical Engineering Building which were presented as part of this week’s celebration of “baseball week.” This showing followed Wednesday’s show of this year’s American League movie presented by Lew Fonseca, and sponsored by the American League. Shown by Mr. Moss of the Indiana WPA, the National League’s movie dedicated to the youth of America, showed the youth of Europe marching, regimented for war, as contrasted with America’s youngsters playing baseball. Started at Cooperstown in 1839 by a young sports enthusiast, Abner Doubleday, baseball grew till in 1876, the National League was formed to promote the sport and interest the public in professional baseball. Down to the present, the sport has managed to grow and improve. An interesting reference to Abraham Lincoln’s liking of the sport was enacted in the film. Demonstrating the finer, points of batting and bunting, famous National League stars including Mel Ott, Gabby Hartnett and Joe Medwick showed the correct stances and swings that enabled them to continue at the top of the batting lists. Differentiating between the pitching and throwing, the movie continued with a demonstration of pitching by Carl Hubbell, Dizzy Dean and other stars and a review of throwing on the bases by Arkie Vaughn, Lloyd Waner and Stanley Hack. The American League movie “Batter Up” reviewed the same essentials and gave words of advice by Jimmy Foxx, Connie Mack and Joe Cronin to beginners in baseball. Bob Feller, Red Ruffing, and Johnny Murphy showed their pitching technique while American League sluggers reviewed batting swings and stance. A newsreel account of the 1937 World- Series won by the Yankees climaxed the movie.
anese' landscapes, flowers, animals and scenes from everyday life make up the subject matter of the exhibit.
Classified Ads
MlSCBLLANBaUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Eberahoff, 605 Main RADIO SERVICE—For guaranteed reliable work call 45273. Herb Webb.
INSIST on Chamberlin’s Ice Cream, Indiana’s finest. Phone 3028.
WEDDING ANNOUNCEMENTS and invitations, latest styles, lowest prices. Oneday service if desired. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th. Phone 6206.
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Rimless glasses in blue case labeled Jaffee & Sons. Call 65073.
ROOMS FOR RENT
126 SOUTH GRANT—Double room, single innerspring mattress bed, continuous hot water. Phone 41801.
MODERN ROOM for one or two people —new furnitux’e—^innerspring mattress. 16 N. Ellsworth. Phone 75042. COZY three room apartment ideal for couple. $40. 130 East Oak Street. Phone 66642.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Pastel green et and -taffeta formal. Size 34. Phone 61412 Saturday afternoon or evenings.
Imported Japanese prints are now on display in an exhibit in Building No. 2. Cherry wood blocks are used to make these prints on genuine rice paper. These prints will be changed from time to time and will be on exhibit until April 26. Jap-
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Booksforet
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Locksmiffi
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 AAain St.
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATI SHARMNINS Phone 2291 Stete-Mein, W. L.
• Professional
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, niohf Urtdies and padleoks. Auto keys a specialty. BIcyclae, accessories end repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Fhana 2I2«
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST n 9Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Lambda Kappa: A meeting will be held in room G of the Union at 7:80 p. m. Sunday, April 16. Election of officers will take place. —OTT.
Scabbard & Blade: Rough night 6 p. m. Saturday, April 16, in the Armory. —DERNER,
Wesley Foundation: Roller skating party Saturday afternoon, April 16. Leave 436 State Street at 1:46 p. m. Tickets 26 , —McFADDEN.
Activity Bureau Sophomores: All sophomores will suspend work on Tuesday and Wednesday afternoon. Each will Ue assigned a time for an interview with the Junior and Senior Officers. It is essential that every sophomore petitioning for office attend his or her interview. If you can not make the time assigned to you please notify one of the officers. (4-16) —JACOBSON.
Scrivener: All members who have manuscripts to be considered for the May issue must turn them in (typed) at the west Union desk for me before Monday, April 17. —CLEVELAND. Freshman Engineers: All those enrolled in G. B. 2 report for lecture at 8 a. m. Saturday, April 16, as follows: A-E, Room 264, E. E. Building; F-K, Boom 129, E.- E. Building; L-R, Lecture Room Civil Building ; S-Z, Lecture Room Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP. Surveying: Examination for removal of conditions in CE 6 will be held in room 101, Civil Engineering Building, on Saturday, April 22, at 1 p. m. Permits to take exam must be obtained before April 22,
-LOMMEL. Roger Williams Club: Men of the Roger Williams Club are urged to attend a party in honor of the delegates of the Theta Epsilon National convention Saturday night, April 16, at 9 p. m. at the West Lafayette Baptist Church. , —SWANSON.
tive members and pledges are urged to attend. —HARVEY. Kappa Beta: There will be an irapoiffant meeting and installation of officers at 4 p. m. Monday, April 17, in room F of the Union. —CISS.
Outing Club: Members wishing to go on bicycle hike Sunday, April 23, call Janette Morris, Eddie Geiser, or Marjorie Ward before Tuesday, April 18. —WARD.
Ceres: Important meeting Tuesday, April 18, at 7 p. m. in room B of the Union. Meeting will start promptly and last about 26 minutes. All members and pledges should attend. —HORNER.
Pi Tau Sigma—Important meeting Wednesday, . April 19, at 4 p. m. in the conference room of the ME Building. All ac-
Gimlet: Turn in tickets at the Phi Delta Theta Saturday, April 15, before 11 a .m. —SWAN.
WAA Baseball:. Call-out Monday, April 17, at 4 p. m. —COOK.
WAA: Following girls are eligible to take the written baseball exemption exam on Monday, April 17, at 6 p. m. in the Women’s Gym: Glagrave, Harrison, Ward, Allbright, Eikenberry, Clattse, McFarland, Smith, Reed, Murphy. —FRASER.
Gold Pepper Pledges: ribbons on the campus. (4-16)
Please wear your —COOLEY.
“P” Men: Meeting Tuesday, April 18, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Union ballroom. Election of officers will be held. —ANDERSON. Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, April 16, in room 2 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Guests coming. Please bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN.
Flying Cadet Appiicanis: juxamining board will visit the University on or about Monday, April 24, to conduct physical examinations. Pamphlets containing instructions may be secured from the Adjutant’s office at the Armory. (4-18) —MORSE.
cE 59 Conditions: Examination for the removal of “C" grades will be given Saturday, April 16, at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. i \ —WILEY.
the OLD Topcoat feels good these ,days and what’s more it’ll look like NEW . . . . . . after being cleaned and Formprest by Crown. Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly
FINE C L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTH OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
E S
. WAA Tennis: Please sign up as soon as possible in Women’s Gymnasium for Intramural Tournament, Class Tournament, and Student-Faculty Tournament. Any girl may ask any member of faculty, man or woman, to be her partner. (4-16) —MATHER. Gold Pepper Actives and Pledges: Compulsory meeting at 4 p. m. Saturday, April 16, in room C of the Union. Actives please don’t forget your activvity charts. —COOLEY. Purdue Riding Club: Horsemanship classes at 7:30 and 9 Sunday morning, April 16—SUMMERS. Independents: Application tor -one appointed positions of men’s social chairman, co-ed social chairman, political chairman, campaign chairman, co-ed activities chairman, and men’s activities chairman, including qualifications and past records, will be accepted by the PIA board until Monday, April 17. All applicants will also be expected to present their qualifications at the PIA board meeting Tuesday, April 18, at 7:30 p. m. —WELLS.
Radio Club: Equipment exchange meeting Tuesday, April 18, at 7:30 p. m. in room 254 of the E. E. Building. Everybody welcome. —BROWN.
WAA Archery: Call-out Tuesday, April 18, at 4 p. m. for intramural and class archery. —MOREHOUSE.
Scabbard & Blade: Formal initiation will be Tuesday, April 18, at 6 p. m. in the ,Armory. Initiation banquet will be at 6:16 p. m. at Lincoln Lodge. Get reservations
[SI mt!
A. vcvBciliyi^ docufUBYit by the only ^encvul to escape the Red Army purge
^ Russia was in Spain—deeper than anyone knew. Why did Stalin intervene? How? Who were his secret agents? What did Stalin get out of it? In the Post this week, General W. G. Krivitsky, former head of Stalin’s secret service in Europe, unmasks the major mystery of the Spanish war, reveals a reign of terror never before suspected. First of several articles. Stalin s Hand in Spain
The Author W.G. KRIVITSKY This former general in the Red Army, after two attempts on his life, is now hiding in the U. S. As Chief of the Soviet Military Intelligence in Western Europe, he was on the inside of every major international step taken by the Kremlin. He is the only man now alive and free to tell this story.
EViN
HIS Sit
He’s baseball’s most successful manager —and he never played in a big-league game! This week’s Post tells you about the man who keeps the Yankees on top; how he won pennants in both leagues, three world series in a row—one of them with an “invalid” pitcher; and why they think he hatches his craftiest ideas when he’s asleep! Busker Joe McCarthy by JOE WILLIAMS
Here’s the story of how Grover Whalen sold businessmen and statesmen on his Flushing Meadow empire. Turn to Money Makes the Fair Go.
'^..^succes^lfy?
Mr. Burroughs was trapped. How could he match the colorful war record of the man next door, a hero to all the boys in the neighborhood? In an off-guard moment, Mr. B admitted a few little war experiences himself. He didn’t realize he was lighting a fuse he couldn’t let go of!... An amusing' story for all well-meaning prevaricators. Mr. Burroughs Tells a Lie by RICHARD THRUELSEN
V W
t pi'
♦ i