\
ffihe Purdue TSxpanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1936
NUMBER 41
Boilermakers Battle Rams Today
Horticultural Show Draws Large Display Vegetables, Flowers, Fdpicational Exhibits Form Big Attractions; Select Prize Winners Scores of floral, vegetable, and fruit displays produced by horticulturists throughout the state are on display at the sixteenth annual Purdue Horticultural isnow now in session at the Horticulture Building. The various displays were judged yesterday, while vegetable judging and identification contests for vocational agricultural students will be held this morning. Over 100 varieties of multicolored chrysanthemums, mostly of the commercial type, are on display in the green house south of the Horticulture Building. In the main building are many educational displays, including an exhibit showing the factors that enter into the cost of commercial flower growing such as taxes, coal, ice, equipment, delivery, insecticides, and horticultural periodicals. Winners In the special floral arrangement class for senior students specializing in floriculture, Elizabeth Josselyn was declared winner. Winners in the vegetable classes included H. H. Emme, Butler, sweepstakes in commercial class; Floyd Miller, Auburn, sweepstakes in 4-H class; and William Mertz, Corumma, grand sweepstakes winner in all sti^aent vegetable, classes. " f In the fruit classes, Doud Orchards, Denver, won sweel)stakes in the commercial class, receiving a hydraulic ram, the much sought special prize. L. J. Doud won the University student class, and E. Klinkcr, Lafayette, placed first in the 4-H class.
Indiana Huskers Close At Finish Lawrence "Slim” Pitzer, of Fountain county, defending champion, and John Why brew, of Grant county, finished the state corn husking contest held at Marion yesterday in a close race for first place. Although an ofiicial count has not yet been made, observers said that those two appeared to have the most corn in their wagons at the end of the 80 minute contest Which began at noon. It was estimated that Pitzer and Whybrew shucked corn at the rate of just a little less than half a bushel a minute.
Stewart Galls For Musical Students Instrumentalist of the University will meet in a mass gathering in the music room on the fourth floor of University Hall at 7 p. m. Tuesday. All students interested in playing in a University orchestra must attend this meeting, as a schedule for tryouts will be formulated and a program planned for the year. The University orchestra is a new student activity, and the music group qncourages anyone interested to attend. The meeting will be under the leadership of A. P. Stewart.
Lull Installs Honorary At Manchester College Prof. P. E. Lull, of the University English department, installed a chapter of the Tau Kappa Alpha debate honorary yesterday at Manchester College, at North Manchester. He conducted the presentation ceremony in the morning and in .the evening attended the installation banquet, where he performed the initiation and addressed the new initiates.
500 Couples Attend 1936 Military Ball Brigade Commander Glen W. Martin and Virginia Alsop, University of Kentucky co-ed, received the presentation of the 1936 Military Ball from Cadet Colonel J. M. Baker and Kathrjm Tweed, of Westminster College, last night. The two couples led the grand march through the arch of sabers at 10 o’clock. Five hundred couples danced from 9 till 1 to the music of Bill Hogan’s California orchestra. A symbolic portrait of the god of peace formed the backdrop, while two modernistic blue soldiers guarded the door. Dancers entered the ballroom between two rows of guidons and received circular programs with hammered silver finis^h covers. The University seal and the artillery insignia, crossed cannon, decorated the front cover.
Lorenz Rites This Morning Funeral Services Will Be Held In Marion Funeral services for Thomas Lorenz, of Marion, who was killed Wednesday evening, when an automobile which he was driving collided with an interurban freight train near Kokomo, will be held this morning at 11 o’clock in Marion. Thomas was a freshman in the school of engineering at the University. The funeral will be held in the Protestant Chapel of the United States Veterans’ Hospital, and burial will be made in the Veterans’ Administration Cemetery, located on the Hospital grounds at Marion. The body was moved from Kokomo to Marion Thursday evening.
200 Vocational Directors Gather Problems Are Discussed At Annual Conference Here Problems encountered by directors of vocational guidance in Indiana high schools were discussed at the annual gniidance conference at the University yesterday, with more than 200 in attendance. Prof. Henry Harap, of Western Reserve University; Prof. Max McConn, of Lehigh University; Virgil Stinebaugh, Indianapolis director of junior high schools; Prof* M. S. Lewis, of Indiana University; Prof. Russell Greenly, of the Purdue staff; and Edwin A. Lee, San Francisco," superintendent of schools, spoke at the sessions yesterday. Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to Pres. E. C. Elliott, welcomed the group to the campus. The meeting will continue through tomorrow.
Cald^eU Will Address Conservation Oub Dr. Ralph M. Caldwell, of the University botany department, will address a meeting of the West Lafayette Conseirvation Club on the subject “Pheasant In Indiana” Monday night at 7:30 in the Memorial Union Building. His discussion will include the history and present status of pheasants in the United States. The first open season on pheasants in Indiana opens on Tuesday.
Agronomy Students Choose Faculty Advisor Prof. A. T. Wiancko, head of the University agronomy department, was a guest speaker at the first meeting of the special students in agronomy in Agricultural Hall last week. An informal organization was set up and plans for future meetings were made. Prof. J. H. Lefforge, also of the agronomy department, was chosen as faculty jsponsor.
Scabbard And Blade Picks 30 Honorary Announces Pledges At Military BaU Intermission Scabbard and Blade, military honorary fraternity, announced the selection of 30 pledges at the Military Ball last night between the second and third dances after the Grand March. The 21 senior, five junior, and four associate pledges were then presented to the active members. Senior pledges include: Cadet Colonel G. W. Martin, Cadet Lieutenant Colonels O. W. Buenting, D. R. Tam, and R. F. Royster, Cadet Majors L. D. Wood, A. L. McCollum, R. K. Williams, A. F. Ganier, and E. G. Rothenberger. Cadet Captains Cadet Captains D. R. Moore, R. H. Lucas, R. N. Lemen, F. E. Dieterle, C. Brewer, B. A. McCandless, S. P. Davis, N. G. Belury, D. F. Mull, and C, C. Hamilton. Band Brevet 1st Lieutenant C. F Hall, and Band Brevet 2nd Lieutenant O. W. Miller. Junior pledges include: Cadet 1st Sergeants E. N. Cox, D. D. Baals, J. R. Murray, R. C. Kingsbury, and P. S. Emrick. The four associate pledges are: Captain S. A. Beckley, Captain J. L. Graves, Prof. Robert Philips, and Prof. H. M. Jacklin.
Hartiim Will Play At Mixer With the Military Ball decorations^ as a background, Dick Hartum’s band, from the University of Illinois, will play tonight at the weekly mixer in the Memorial Union ballroom. Hartum has appeared several times on the campus but this is the first time he has played at a mixer.
WBAA Selects 10 New Announcers; 31 Now On Staff Serve Six Week Apprenticeship; 100 Try For Positions WBAA recently added ten new announcers to its staff, making the total now 31. C. E. Dammon, program manager and director of announcers, made the selection after tryouts from a list of approximately 100 applicants. They have all served an apprenticeship of six weeks in which they learned the general work of the station by keeping the log, and by doing assigtant secretarial work. . Those chosen are: Jane Anderson, William Ash, Jenny Bosco, Dop^Carton, Marion Kristjanson, James Ludberg, Russell McCrea, Paul McDonald, Fay O’Bannon, and Joe Rittenhouse. This addition to the staff has shortened the hours of the regular announcers, and gives the new ones, now on probation, a chance to prove their ability.
Second Edition Copies Of EE Textbook On Sale Copies of the second edition of the textbook “Principles Of Electrical Engineering,” by Prof. G. C. Blalock, of the electrical engineering staff, are now available at Deac’s and Southworth’s. A chapter on electronics and considerable other new material has been added to the book, increasing its size to 68B pages. The textbook is used by University junior mechanical, senior chemical, and senior civil engineering students in their required electrical courses. Sixty other colleges and universities have adopted this book for use in the instruction of non-electrical engineers.
Radio Stage Group Broadcasts Today “Words Without Wires,” a dramatization of the sending of the first wireless communication by Lee DeForest, radio pioneer, will be presented at 1 p. m. today by Radio Stage. The cast is comprised of Helen Steffee, Steve Novak, C. L. Buchanan, J. T. Moore, James Ludberg, and Gordon Tafel.
Debris Group Sittings
'Group picture sittings for the 1937 Debris will begin Monday in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. A schedule of sittings will be found on page 4 of this issue of the Exponent.
Dr. PMHps Writes Book Government Text Covers Year’s Work Dr. Robert Phillips, of the University history, government, and economics department, has written a new book, “American Government And Its Problems,” which will be published by the Houghton Mifflin Company in April. The volume will include about 900 pages and is designed as a university text covering one year of study. The book devotes considerable attention to the philosophy, principles, and practices of our govemment^instead of placing the usual emphasis on facts. The book will be the fundamental volume in a series being planned by the Mifflin Company in the field of social sciences.
Lovell Will Speak On Penal Training Expert Will Address Multiproforum Meeting In Union Prof. C. L. Lovell, of the chemical engineering staff, will discuss the “Educational Program Of Missouri Penal Institutions” at the next Multiproforum meeting, Wednesday evening at 7:30 o’clock, in room B of the Memorial Union Building. Professor Lovell has spent two years as supervisor of instruction for the Missouri penal institutions. His talk will deal with the education of prisoners before going to prison, training offered by the penal institutions, and the reaction of the inmates to the educational progn^am.
Schantz-Hansen Goes To Iowa City Professor Laurentza SchantzHansen, head of the applied design department, left during the week for Iowa City, Iowa, to attend a National Finp Arts conference and the dedication of the Fine Arts Building and the University Theater at the University of Iowa. Tonight, during the final meeting of the conference, the theater dedication play will be given. Many wellknown persons in the fine arts and teaching fields are attending the conference.
YWCA Nationid Board Sponsors Broadcasts The National Board of Y. W. C. A. is sponsQring an international broadcast Monday to promote better y. W. C. A. cooperation. The speakers will include Delores Costello, film actress, speaking from Hollywood, and Sophonisba P. Brekenridge, professor of public welfare administration of Chicago University. China will be represented by Mrs. Lin Tang, of New York; Countess Brunschvig, of the French presidential council, will speak from Paris; and Mrs. H. A. Cody will represent Canada.
Purdue Squad Will Test Undefeated F ordham Kizermen In Good Condition To Meet Easfs Leading Rose Bowl Contender At Polo Grounds
PROBABLE LINEUP
PURDUE POSITION Powell LE Schreyer LT Burmeister LG Bell (C) C
FORDHAM JPaquin Franco Pierce
-Wojciechowicz
Graves RG Lombardi Woltman RT JBarbartsky Spehn RE Druze Gift QB JPalau Stalcup LH Gurske Drake RH Mautte (C)
Or Mulrey
Cecil Isbell FB Dnlkie By Dick Obenchain. Purdue’s Boilermakers will face the undefeated Fordham Rams at 2 o’clock (EST) this afternoon at tile Polo Grounds in New York. Fordham is considered to be the outstanding team in the East and is, at the present time, one of the leading contenders for the bid to the New Year’s Rose Bowl game. For the first time in several
weeks. Coach Noble Kizer finds his team in good condition. All of the varsity men are in uniform and are ready to play, except Vergane, who will be out for the rest of the season unless his bad knee shows marked improvement and is in shape for the Indiana game a week from next Saturday. The entire backfield is in excellent shape and is in a fine state of mind to give Fordham its first setback. FordhahTXine Strmig The Boilermaker line will have some real competition this afternoon as the Fordham line is considered just about the best in the country. Alex Wojciechowicz, Ram center, is given much attention whenever an All-America squad is spoken of. Another Fordham player, who has received serious consideration as an All-America prospect, is Ed Franc, who plays left tackle for the Rams.
Lambda Chi To Give Dinner PiJ’ogram “Last But Not Least” will be the second in the series of Sunday evening dinner programs to be presented in the Union cafeteria tomorrow at 5:30 o’clock. lambda Chi fraternity will portray it in a version of Pokey Huntas and John Smith, with George Greey as master of ceremonies. Before the play, the Kitchen Brigade will present an opening selection of songs, followed by a sax duet by Weisner and Myers. A short skit, also presented by “The Three Mugs,” will be titled “The Horse Ran Around.” Given in pantomine, the play will be furnished with comedy by such characters as “Chief Powder Can” and “The North Wind.” Jack Gallaker and Ray Blecker will play the parts of Pokey Huntas and John Smith.
Poultry Course Opens Here Monday Beginning Monday, a two-week course in poultry will be conducted at the University. The course is being presented by the regular University 'staff in cooperation with W. B. Werner, Purdue ’22. Numerous applications for admittance into the poultry study group, received from Illinois, Kentucky, and Ohio, as well as Indiana, show that the attendance will be large.
Oa PaintiiigB Series On Display In Music Room The first in a series of exhibitions of oil paintings will be shown in the music room of the Memorial Union Building this afternoon. These exhibits will be held every other week tht'oughout the school year, under the auspices of the Purdue Art Club and are open to the public.
Crash Victim
In Hospital
Goldsmith’s Condition
Still Very Serious
Frederick C. Goldsmith, University freshman from Marion, is still in a very serious condition at the St. Joseph’s Hospital, in Kokomo^ where he was taken f oUowing an automobile accid^t near there Wed* nesday which was fatal to Thomas F. Lormiz, a freshman ensdneer. Ralph Smith and Forest N. Prater, also freshmen, who were riding with Goldsmith and Lorenz, were released from the hospital Thursday, and now are at their homes in Marion. They plan to return to the Uni-
versity early next week.
The accident occurred while coming back to Lafayette late Wednesday night when the car which Lorenz was driving, collided with an
interurban freight car.
Advertiser WiU Give Home Ec Talk Tuesday Miss Meta Given, home economics specialist in the commercial advertising field, will speak in the home economics auditorium Tuesday morning at 11 o’clock. Miss Given prepares advertising material for commercial companies in her experimental kitchen in Chicago, and will tell of her work at the open meeting.
Afternoon Concerts Commence Tomorrow The initial program of a series of Sunday afternoon concerts will be presented in the music room of the Purdue Memorial Union from 3 to 4 p. m. tomorrow. It wiU consist of vocal solos by Mrs. Hubert M. James, and piano solos by Dr. J. A. Estey.
Under The Mirror Book notes ttom the Bxowsloa Kona.
GONE WITH THE WIND By Margaret Mitchell “Gone With The Wind” epitomizes the whole drama of the South under the impact of the CSvR War and Reconstruction. It is uot, however, a war novel, except as the war affected the lives of the peo]|^ of the South. Determined to live the life which her upbringing had prepared for her, and which the war had tidEOU from her, Scarlette O’Hara hardmm from a spoiled» selfish girl to a courageous woman who uses aiqr available. weapon without regard to ideals. Rhett Butler, a Moekade runner and charming scoundrd,, lends an intriguing eonttibution to tbo drama. Being familiar with the Souths Margaret Mitchell has givmk us a vivid picture ht this really maipiftcent novel.'"if?'* j?'‘w-»''-'»jfj
\ i
A
Pnge *lMyo
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, November 7,1980
Libelous Labels Advocates of simon-pure English have belittled the user of slang as a lazy, unthinking person. It has been said that college students, especiallv, are guilty of being “lazier and using more slang than any other class of Americans. Recently, however, a few lexicographers have helped reinstate the slang user. They have pictured him as the molder of language ... a person who can speak with picturesque vigor. Critics of American conversation in battling slang-users have overlooked the laziest conversationalist... he is the man who speaks in labels. Every form of activity, every type of person, every policy, every action is promptly branded with a label by the label user. To cite a few examples: A college student indulges in a few of the hilarities of college life ... he is promptly labeled “Joe College” and what he does is called “joe-ing”. A person expresses a liberal view of some governmental policy . . . the labelist is quick to call him a “socialist”, or a “communist”. If he expresses conventional views on government he is called a “conservative” or perhaps even a “reactionary”. Public speakers are prone to talk in labels. With nonchalant ease they slide over the glories of “socialism” (a state about which they really know nothing and which they could not specifically define if they were asked). Likewise the speaker on “communism” knows not of what he speaks... nor does the speaker on “capitalism”, for that matter. Soap-box orators are most addicted to the use of la^ls as are pseudo-intellectuals indulging in a “friendly” argument over something about which they know practically nothing. A college student need say but one word against any established American institution and he is covered with labels of “radical”, “un-Ameri-can”, “green”, “ignorant”, and his condition is defined as still “wet behind the ears”. The label was invented by mentally lazy people, who feared concrete and sound definitions ... persons who couldn’t think and would not if they could. The person who uses the label doesn’t want to stop and see exactly what his label is supposed to mean, or whether it exactly fits what he is labeling. The labelist who loses control becomes a libelist. There are many labels which, when attached to a person, can give grounds for a libel suit. Sound advice to the person who finds himself wandering in the aimless path of a labelist is think before speaking or writing ... what does your label mean . . . and does it fit what you are labeling ? If so, all right. If not . . . watch out. Yes, we realize we have indulged in a label in writing this. We labeled a labelist a labelist because this was a label to end labels. —A. H. F.
Readers’ Opinions The Expotunt welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers.
Paddling To the Editor: Several weeks ago there was published in the Exponent under “The Editor Says” an article suggesting the rating of fraternities and sororities according to their idea on paddling. I have seen nothing in the Exponent’s columns that follows up that article. Does “the Editor” regret his unpardonable sin of even mentioning such a thing ? Has he been gently reminded that such a thing would not work on the Purdue campus ? Or did he forget about it the next day, making that article merely a passing brainstorm ? Perhaps he would like a boost in the form of Purbue exponent Founded in 1883 1936 Member 1937 Plssocided GoUediote Pi:«ss Distributors of Cbl[e6iateDi6ed Member of National Collette Press Association, Bis Ten Bditorial Association nCPRESENTED POR NATIONAU ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. CoUtge Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N.Y. CHICAGO - Boston - San Francisco L.08 ANGEUES • PORTLAND - SEATTLE
Entered as second class matter at the iioet office, Lafayette, Indiana. IMivered by mail, $8.50 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by singtle copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Bnsiness Phone 5088 Editorial Phone 5087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITOBIAL STAFF Editor-in-Chief W. T. Hunt Manattint: Editor ..—.E. H. Morris Associate Editors... .K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock. A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, 0. L. Sadler
SPORTS STAFF
Sports Editor. — -
AsBoclate BpvtU Editors..
„. L. D. Wood
.W, H, Fifield, S. R. Griffiths,
R. F. Obenebain
Bnsinfss Manaaer..
NatJonal Advertisinf Manager. Local AdverUsing Manager. CircnlaUon Manager...
BUSINESS STAFF
.JR. 3. Hulse .... .L, H. Brown -D. C. Miller j. P. Girard
WOMEN’S STAFF Editor...^ - - — Helen Creech Advertising Maoaaer. ..Betto Barnett Asweinte Editors Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Fyke
liwiie Editor—D. A. Eail^
a general student commeiidation or vote of confidence ? M so, I submit as the first recommendation, Sigma Nu, who has had paddling sessions at the wee small hours of the mom ing, 3 a. m. Perhaps with this boost, the Editor will have strength to carry on. In any case, I stand ready to help. —Charles F. Adams.
Editor’s Note: Neither the ratings of honorary fraternities nor of social fraternities (not including sororities) have been forgotten. We are merely waiting for the issuance of the student directory so that the clerical side of the tasks will be simplified. 1 hope that others in addition to Mr. Adams will render their assistance in preventing injustices or poor ratings through lack of information. The ratings for both classifications wiU probably be ready by the first of next month.
Barnum Wasn’t Right To the Editor: Aside from considerations of politics and policies, the results of Tuesday’s balloting do prove one thing definitely—^newspapers do not exert as great an influence over the reading public as was commonly believed. In spite of the fact that most of the nation’s important newspapers exalted the Republicans and defiled the Democrats—in spite of all the polls that were published, the opinions rendered, and the mud thrown, the American voter seems not to have allowed his vote to be unduly influenced. Democratic campaign manager Farley must have shared this belief, in common with the editors and publishers of these newspapers, for even with his usual optimism, he did not predict as smashing a victory for the Democratic party as the outcome shows. Years ago a newspaper campaign of vilification and exaggeration was both common and successful. Today the voters are more intelligent, more educated. They understand better the problems of government and can weigh more accurately the solutions presented. They can read a biased newspaper for the news and remain uninfluenced by the propaganda. They do not like to have their minds made up for them, their votes cast for them— they prefer to exercise this privilege for themselves. Editors and publishers must realize this. After years of being fooled, the public has learned that it doesn’t have to be fooled, has decided that it doesn’t want to be fooled, and is determined not to be fooled. Newspaper campaigns like the recent one, will prove of no avail in the future. Newspapermen must either give up trying to fool the public in this manner, or they must invent a new and different—and better—way.—J. E. B.
iv9o
Oh-my! I like to go to such brawls —I mean balls—Does your head feel as though the Pixie Army was hammering away??—so does mine . . . REISNER—^you know, little Hopsy, who took kernel MARTIN to Gold Diggers, took a trip to New York for the week-end—did a suthen Kentucky lady have anything to do with' this sudden u’ge to rove ’round the count’y—^maybe it was a football game???? ...
Editor’s Note: “Barnum Wasn’t Right”, or was he? On the opposite side of this question it might have been stated by a Republican that the people are not growing more intelligent, rather that they now can be more easily fooled than ever. This argument might rage on forever, but one thing is certain: the great majority (and I don’t mean President Roosevelt’s great majority) is ignorant of the true governmental situation, and always has been.
Opinion
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
Post-Election Now that the American nation has decided to let President Roosevelt continue to direct its destiny for the next four years, it is about time for the usual post-election business drop to come along and make everyone wonder if he or she made a wise choice. For many decades the months just preceding a national election have been times of notable business increases. This was true even in 1932, the heart of the depression, but was followed at the very end of the year by the depression which ordinarily follows such a boom. The spending programs of the parties for exploiting their candidates could not alone be responsible for the booms and drops.' It must be the excitement pervading the nation, everybody forgetting to count all those little pennies, nickels, or dollars, as the case may he. But possibly no such temporary depression is to be expected this time, partly because of the immense confidence the people have in their chief executive. But many business men, especially those who control a large part of the nation’s finances, are afraid, and by their very fear may prolong the major depression or contribute to a temporary post-election depression. Then there is also the natural letdown, which no faith, however great, in a leader, seems destined to stop.
Lt. Col. D. M. “Dead” Wait hasn’t been in this here village fer nigh onto a couple of moons—there is a woman on the other end of the line— whar war thet Boonville lassy whan thet thar Big Marche trailed ’round the Ballroom last night ... ? ? ? ? ? another sucker has fallen to cupid’s powerful punch—a roundhouse caught Kappa Sig HARNETT in the chops—now MARGARET JOHNSON, coy and lithe co-ed, is on the other end of this ball and chain .. . Dan Cupid got SULLY MASON last night when he planked his Phi Psi gravy bowl on FRANKIE EASTBURN. the outcome of a little paid advertisement in Thursday morning’s column caused some uproar—DREVER has decided to go home for the weekend, and Miss MATHES is going to follow suit. . . MARY ANN ABBOTT, Kappa pin toter of last year who did not return to school this year, is returning for this evening’s big Kappa affair— she is carting Phi/Kappa Sig “Kissy” PHELPS—what has happened to her Phi Delt? . . . when “big shot” FORSTER paid off on his kissing debt Thursday morning, ANITA FAIR, the little gal that stepped up to help in the feminine part of the bet, wasn’t bad at all—she handed her books to her gal friend, took off her hat, and declared she was ready for business— someone counted to fifty while they held it...
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Govemment. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce horn orary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
MARS last times today
LUMon.ABNER PRfSeNT ONZ^ITAGE
— PRICESMatinee ' I5c - 25c - 80c Nlgrht .. . I6c - 30c - 40c
STAGE SHOWS AT 2:16 - 5;15 - 7:30 - 10:00 DOORS OPEN 1X:30“a, M. Picture Starts at 12:00 Noon
“The boss thinks it’s cheaper to take her to lunch than to give her a raise!”
another list of delinquent members of the famous “I’m trying to put out my pin for nothing club”— this club is organized for the members of fraternities who put out their pins and then try to welch on the brothers by not putting out cigars—^new members: DU STALLINGS, and SAEs BROMLEE and RECKINWALD. the SPEs went to the Kappa house for dinner last Wednesday night; it was a sort of post-Halloween af-
A R € SUNDAY - MONDAY MIRIAM HOPKINS .TOEL McCREA in “THESE THREE” — and — ZAZU PITTS in “SHE GETS HER MAN” — also — COLOR CARTOON
LAST TIMES TODAY “SINGING COWBOY” “McFADDEN FLATS” “CLUTCHING HAND”
EMiH SUNDAY - MONDAY
BING CROSBY FRANCES FARMER BOB BURNS MRRTHR RRYE
— Extra — PATSt HELLY LYDA ROBERTA "HILL TILLIES”
JONKERB DIAMOND
Final Today BRUCE CABOT in "Legion of Terror” — and — FRANKIE DARRO "racing" BLOOD”
fair—one of the boys said, “It was a real party; we had real spooks and everything there” . . . (Continued on page 4)
ADULT DANCING CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S Wed., Nov. 11, 7:30 P. M. Waltz and Fox Trot Phone 2150 ADVANCED — Friday, Nov. 13, 7:30 P. M. Latest Dances Taught ALLiEN^S 6th & Perry
EdWIN INY DOWNS ARLINE JUDGe| BETTY. GRABLEi PATSY KELLY JACK HALEY YACHT CLUB%pYS' DIXIE DUNli^R
Final Today 2 Big Features CLAIRE TREVOR in "15 Maidqn Lane” — and — HENRY WILCOXON h in "The President’s Mystery” Starts TOMORROW LUMASatorday, Novembei* 7,1936
fH®3 PUiJDtJE EXPONENT
Softball Play Nears Close Sig8,PUG«m8StiUUn. defeated In Tourney Postponements and bad weather have delayed the last few games of the fraternity softball tournament; however, if the weather does not interfere too much, the finals will be played sometime next week. The Phi Gams and Sigma Chis, yet undefeated, will play to determine the winner of the winning bracket, and the loser of-that game will enter the losing bracket. The losing bracket consists of those teams which have been defeated but once, and the winner of the losing bracket will enter the finals with the winner of the winning bracket. Teams in the.losing bracket are: Kappa Delta Eho, Phi Delta Theta, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Phi Epsilon, and Delta Upsil-
Hockey Team Plays At Earlham Today Co-eds Also View Demonstration By Scotch Squad Eight co-eds will take part in the W. A. A. demonstration hockey games today at 10 o’clock at Earlham College. These games will precede the exhibition game at 12:46 o’clock between a Scotch team and the W. A. A. team of Earlham. The Scotch team has been touring the country playing exhibition matches, but this is the only game to be played with a college team. Miss Helen Ellis and Miss Veronica Brady will accompany Betty Arnold, Virginia Blank, Louise Harry, Mary Humphreys, Elizabeth Maier, Jeanette Schaeffer, June Richards, and Minadel Venemann to Richmond.
We Sell Parker Pens and Pencils R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optician 504 Main Street
BOSSUNG ^ Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 10^ Vine St., W. Lafayette
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
«DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Rent A Car for the Evening ROGERS GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
Protect Your.Home from Tuberculosis PUY CHRISTMAS SEALS
All America Ratings By CHRISTY WALSH Member All-America Bo^d of Football
Including ratings released today, 60 players have received Cards of Merit and but 30 nominations for the All America team of 1936 remain imfilled before the board meets to select the final lineup. The lineup is by no means in the bag but it is safe to state that a majority of the eleven fortunate players have been cited in the ratings of the recent weeks and by the
time the remaining installment is published November 28, constant readers of this column will have
been told the eleven All America names for 1936. If you want to know in which direction All America winds are blowing, watch this
column every Saturday.
Handsome leather wallets, stamped with the official All America seal and containing Cards of Merit bearing name of player and his university, have been delivered this week
to the following candidates:
BJORK. Oregon Tackle. This west-coast giant'iwas the chief reason for Washington’s low score in defeating the University of Oregon, a week ago. He rates as one of the real great linemen in the conference and G^rge Bertz, Portland Journal, insists that Washington^ confessed its respect for his tackling ability by directing most of its plays through the opposite side of Oregon’s
line.
WENDT. Ohio State. End. Bob Godley, Cleveland Press, says Wendt is a defensive genius, smashing, waiting, or drifting as his instinct suggests. Godley nominates this flanker for All America, because “He is climaxing a fine but colerless career by being the most reliable performer in the erratic Ohio State line.” MEYER. Army. Halt back. Undismayed by the upset of his teammates this 147 pound flying cadet maintained the dizzy pace that has made him one of the year’s greatest backiield stars. His hard running, accurate passing, and long spirals had Colgate in a qiiandry and served notice on future Army foes that Meyers is the man to stop In the plays of the first two quarters Meyers carried the ball every time but four PARKER. Duke. Halfback. Winning in breeze, Duke again recognized that in this triple-threat phenom, they have one of Dixie’s truly great backs in the past decade. His sponsor for official recognition is Jimmy Jones, Richmond Tunes Dispatch, who wires In 15 minutes last Saturday all Parker did was score two touchdowns and make a third Orth possible.” That’s plenty, Mr. Jones! WOJCIECHOWICZ. Fordham. Center. The official program had this human bulwark listed at “center,” but he was all over the place. He smashed interference, crashed through on punts, opened vast holes in the enemy line, tackl^ Pittsburgh’s swift backs skirting the ends, and played every defensive post but safety-man Pew linemen have surpassed the exhibition put on in the shadow of the Fordham eoal posts VANZO. Northwestern, Quarterback. Vanzo was ’THE (caps requested in telegram from Harry McNamara, Chicago Herald Examiner) heroic figure m defeat of Minnesota. He played 60 mitnutes of gruelling, smashing football and his destructive defensive play and superb blocking was the most vital individual contribution to the defeat of Minnesota.” McNamara boldly com' pares Vanzo to four great blockers-—Mo-hardt and Brill, Notre Dame; Pinkert, Southern California; and Bntten, Illinois. O’NEILL. Notre Dame End. This rangy lad has improved his play from week to week, until the Ohio State game found him doing all the fine work exacted of an end, in the Notre Dame type of play. A Big Ten scout rates O’Neill with the best ends in the middle west and found his effectiveness undiminished even on ^'Tnuddy field. HANDRAHAN. Dartmouth. Fullback. Key man of a well coached, determined football team, this human locomotive tore great holes in the Yale line, ran back punts with supreme skill, backed up the line like an armored tanJr, and supplied the inspirationr al punch that earned a close_ victory from a traditional foe, heretofore without defeat. MTORS. Kentucky. Center Surpassing his recent high appraisal of another Southern center Coach Frank Thomas, of Alabama, now accords top hlnors to Myers. He was by far the finest pivot player Alabama has encountered this season, according to Coach Thomas. Thomas adds: “Myers, almost sih-gle-handed, kept the Alabama attack from reaching the goal in the first half ” Alabama players acclaimed Myers unanimooisly. CLARK. Stanford. End. This player earned special rating from five observers, following his great performance against U. C. L. A. a week ago. Coach Howard Jones, member All Ainerica Board, wires as follows: “Clark charged in fast to recover blocked kick which led to Stanford’s first touchdown. Be rushed U. C. L. A. passers so furiously all day, that its aerial game was nnliifled and he upset the main running plays of the opposition. I rate Clark All America.” Copyright 1986. Seniors Defeat Frosh Blues In Co-ed Hockey In the fastest game of the season yesterday the senior hockey team defeated the Freshman Blues, 3 to 2. Jeanette Scudder and Louanna Thompson scored for the seniors and Janette Morris made the goals for the Blues. These teams had both been undefeated and this game gives the lead to the senior team.
University Pistol Team Featured In Magazine Ad Veteran Squad Aims At Third Consecutive Crown By J. Stillwell Brown. That Purdue boasts a nationally famous pistol team is a fact littleknown around the campus. Proof of this national reputation is evinced by a picture of the team on the back cover of The American Rifleman, November, 1936, in an advertisement of the Western Cartridge
Company.
This is the first time a picture of any collegiate pistol squad has be$n used for advertising matter by this company, which has heretofore limited such material to pictures of police and military teams. Furdue’s pistol team has held the intercollegiate R. O. T. C. Field Artillery ,22 calibre pistol championship for two consecutive years, in competition with all R. O. T. C. college units in the country. Last year the group shot fifteen intercollegiate matches and won them all — every match by at least 11 points. The squad also took firsts in the 50 yard slow fire and the 20 yard national matches. 60 Matches, 60 Wins Besides the 16 intercollegiate shoots, 46 contests were held with civilian organizations, all of which the Gold and Black squad won, making a total of 60 wins in 60 matches. Of the 14 men on last year’s championship team, Capt. W. L. Kay, the coach, expects 11 back when practice starts the first of the year. Nine new men will be chosen from the novice group which is now practicing. Matches will start about the first of February. The schedule has not been completed as yet, but at present, it is planned to shoot 20 collegiate and 44 civilian matches, making a total of 64 contests for
the season.
I ■fielder’s.... II ....choice % ”y Bob Walpole —
The Boilermakers are again in the East . . . We hope they return with Fordham on their victory string.... If Fordham wins, they’re liable to go to the Coast, and you can bpt your lucky stars that Purdue is going to do all they can to stop them... —fc— With Bill Vergane as the only casualty on the list, Kizer's squad will present itself in the best form since the Chicago game, October 17. . . . The team has the ambition and the ability.... The question now lies in the reserve strength.. .. —^fc— After mossing up last week’s predicti^ms so, we shudder to think how we will come out this week-end. . .. Nevertheless, we will try again.... Only three inter-Conference games this week, so let’s go:... —fc— Chicago at Ohio State . . . not much question here . . . Ohio State by 21 points.. .. —fc— Iowa at Minneapolis . . . Homecoming for the Gophers, and they should have little trouble with it,.. Minnesota by 16 points . .. —fc— Wisconsin at Northwestern. . . . This game might prove the Wildcats’ downfall, hut figures say Northwestern by two touchdowns. . . . —^fc— Syracuse at Indiana. . . . Indiana by 7 points. ... Michigan at Penn. . . . Michigan hasn’t shown very well this year, and we say Penn by 14 points. . . . —^fc— Illinois idle. . . .
Nine Big Ten Teams See Action Today niinois OnlY Team In Big Ten Not Sehednled Today Three Big Ten teams wiU be featured in intersectional battles this afternoon. Purdue plays the Pordham Rams in New York; Michigan renews relations with Pennsylvania; and Syracuse meets Indiamt at Bloomington. The remaining teams of tiie Big Ten, with the exception of Illinois which has an open date, are playing Conference games. Wisconsin hopes to give Northwestern a stiff fight on its home field. Minnesota will try to get back in stride against Iowa, and Chicago and Ohio State will attempt to better their standing at Columbus. The present standing is: Team W. L. Pet Northwestern 4 0 1.000 Purdue j* 1 .667 Minnesota 2 1 .667 Indiana 2 1 .667
SOFTBALL TODAY, 2 O’CLOCK Phi Delta Theta vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Official, Bartling MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9 Diamond Diamond 1— H-1 vs. F-4 8—F-2 vs. H-3. 2— A-1 vs B-1 9—A-3 vs B-8. 3— C-1 vs. D-1. 10—C-8 vs D-8. 4— ^P-1 VB. E-1. 11—^E-3 VB. F-8. 5— H-2 VB. A-2. 12—H-4 vs. A-4 6— B-2 vs C-2 . 13—B-4 vs. C-4. 7— D-2 vs E-2 14—D-4 vs. E-4. 15— Kappa Delta Rho vs. (Sigma Alpha Bi>silon or Phi Delta Theta) Official, Coen. 16— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma Chi. Official, Bartling. 17— Delta Upsilon vs Sigma Phi Epsilon Official, Gillis
Cultured mice at the University of Minnesota theater scamper over the stage, sit for awhile to watch rehearsals, and then scoot off. The theorists claim they received their taste for art from living in the auditorium organ.
Coach Kizer Talks On Kate Smith Hour Coach Noble Kizer was the guest of honor on Kate Smith’s Bandwagon program, originating in New York and carried over the CBS net work, yesterday evening. Ted Collins, announcer for the program, interviewed Kizer on Purdue’s game with Fordham today, the results on other games to be played today, and predictions on the Rose Bowl game candidates. Kizer was introduced as one of the “Seven Mules”, the title bestow ed on members of the Notre Dame line several years ago. Jim Crowley, Fordham coach, was one of the “Pour Horsemen” on the same squad.
4 STAR FAVORITES
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
Tomorrow Horticultural show in the Horticulture Building fropi 8 a. m. till 6 p. m. CoD(;ert in the music room of the Memorial Union Building at 3 p. m. Monday Poultry short course begins in the Poultry Building 11 a. m. SessiPBiS of this cowse will oontiiine f ot two weeks.
It's truel Count 'em! 4 great stars in M-G-M's newest, gayest screen frolic 1
III one grand, joy^ ful entertainment revel!
OMo State i t ^ Chicago ,1 t Illinois ji 1 Iowa 0 2 jom Wisconsin 0 2" JWfl Michigan .6 2 .000 •f -f > 4 > > -S’ ♦ ♦ ♦ FRATERNITY TOUCHBALL MONDAT, NOVBMBEK • 1— ^Piri Delta 'Cheta vb, FM Kaixpa Sigma. Official, H^iften. 2— Sigma Awha m. Pi Ptri. Official, Bede 4—^Pi Kama Alpiai va, PinrtiMm. OtRekd, Keraer. 6—Sigma Ma va. Tliela'nm. OflSrial, Maatis.
l^nce.. Frolic 40.8 — Legion — 8-40 Annistice IHiy Wednesday, Nov. 11th Lincoln Lodge Adm. $1.00 9 to ?
WE INVITE YOU TO SEE
THE
1937 Chevrolet on display at our showrooms Saturday, November 7 "THE COMPLETE CAR, COMPLETELY NEW" HORNER MOTOR COMPANY 625 Columbia
Sun. - Mon. Tue. - Wed.
COME EARLY!.
—- Starting — MID-NITE SHOW T-O-N-I-G-H-T AT 11:30 P.M. You^ll Yell Until You^re Hoarse!
ty Cttugt Nkhlb Jk A S. Btmum Pndutitm
EIQHT OBEAT footkaff WlUmk SmOma MdAtOabtilMk Aiiiittoiic
FIRST TIMEpAtce Fonr
THE PUEDUE EXPONENT
Saturday^ November 7,1936
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Classified Ads.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
3S Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist
119 Vz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
The thinkingr fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 2Sc per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
GEM Safety Razors 25c Extra Blades for
All Razors
John Sperb
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MA CHINES, bougj^t, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. EbershofF, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Ballroom Dancing Class for Beginners opens Wednesday, Nov. 11, at Allen’s.
Advanced Ballroom Dancing Class opens Friday, Nov. 13, at Allen’s.
For Sale—Roll top desk $8.00 (this is a bargain), 2 metal desk chairs, ea. $2.50. Good radio. At Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Have Apartment to Share—With four boys. Home cooking or co-op. Sleeping porch. George Knox, 203 University. Phone 2891.
For Rent—Single room in private home. Phone 41301.
Lost—Gold Elgin wrist watch. Broken leather strap. Call Zink, 7801.
Roommate Wanted—Single bed, 360 Sylvia. Phone 46081.
NOTICES
No noUcM acceptwd after $ p. m.
Union Workers—Important meeting of my committee in the Union office November 7 at 12:30. —RIETH.
Art Club—Important meeting November 9 at 4 p. m. in Union workroom. —McLEOD.
Playshop Lights Crew—Report for work in basement of the Memorial Union Bnilding at 4 p. m. starting November 9. —WILLEY.
Alpha Lambda Delta—^All members meet in the faculty lounge November 9 at 8:30 m. for Debris picture. —PITTMAN.
W. A. A. Archery—^Tournament November 9 at 4 p. m. —BOEHM.
Girl Scout Training Course—Meeting at 4 o'clock November 10, and 4:45 o’clock November 11, 12, and 13 in Women’s Gym. —HAZELTON.
Debris Group Pictures
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9 :10—Student Senate. :20—W. S. G. A. :30—Gold Peppers. :40—Gimlet. :60—Skull and Crescent. :00—Reamers. 10—Tau Kappa Alpha. :20—Sigma Delta Chi. 30—Alpha Lambda Delta.' :40—Kappa Delta Pi. :60—’Theta Alpha Phi. 00—P. I. A. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10 :00 & 7:10—^Debris, Business & Editorial. :20 & 7:80—^Exponent Business & Editorial :40—^Agriculturist. :50—Pharmacist. :00—^Independent. :10—Engineer. :20—^Newman Club. :30—Men Debate. :40—Women Debate. :60—Frosh Debate. :00—^Delta Rho Kappa. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11 :30—Cosmopolitan. :40—Forestry. ;60—W. A. A. :00—Sports Women. ;10—Y. W. C. A. ;20—Alpha Phi Omega. :30—Military Ball Committee. :40—Kappa Psi. i50—Scabbard and Blade. ;00—Student Union.
More for your Money
in Crown Cleaning than ever, before
Since we have instituted the use of Monite Moth-Proofing Process you get more for your money, because, in addition to fine cleaning and pressing you get protection against moths . . . no extra charge.
Crown Laundry
Ci
fine cleaners of fine clothes
tmeiei
By Olivs Schatzlev
Episcopal Students: The “early” service will be held at 8 o’clock. Following that at 10:46 a. m. there will be morning prayer and sermon by the rector. The choir boys and men will sing, A showing of moving pictures of his camp at Shewahmegon, near Drummond, Wis., by Fred I. Goldsmith, will be given at the Young People’s meeting. Supper will be served at 6 p. m. All are invited to the program at 7 p. m.
Y. W. C. A. Interest Group Chairmen— Luncheon meeting November 7 in the Y. W. C. A. office at 11:30 a. m. ‘ —JONES.
Presbyterian Students: “Armistice Day” will suggest the key thought of the worship tomorrow. At 9:30, discussion groups will be discussing phases of the teachings of Jesus. These groups are led by Dr. Graves and Mr. Findley. At the morning service, at 10:45, Mr. Findley will preach, having as his theme, “Good Neighbors”. The Sunday evening club will meet at 6:15 for supper and an hour of fellowship after which the group will adjourn to Trinity Methodist Church to join in the community peace meeting, whiteh will be addressed by Bishop Blake, of Detroit.
Union Workers — Important meeting of our committees in the Union office November 7 at 10 a. m. -PERKINS, McLEOD, MYTINGER.
Glider Club—^All those desiring coveralls with Glider Club seal call 6071 before noon November 7. —WILTSHIRE.
Reamer Club—Important meeting November 9 in' room A of Union at 7 p. m. —BUXTON.
Alpha Zeta—Debris group picture to be taken in faculty lounge of the Union Building November 9, at 7 p. m. All members be present. —HARDIN.
Baptisft^Students: Dean Fisher will teacn\t^ Sunday morning class for students. At the morning service, Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason will speak on “Who Are Sons Of God?” Avith special music by the choir. Roger Williams Club ■will meet at 5:30 p. m. for social hour, with supper at 6:10. A play, “The Prisoners”, will be read by the pastor and some senior students. At 7 p. m. the group will go in a body to the union peace meeting in Trinity M. E. Church. Bishop Blake is going to speak on “World Peace”. \
Sears will address the student class at 9:30. The regular morning worship will be at 10:46 with Rev. J. N. Jessup preaching the sermon on ‘Retrospect”. The Christian Endeavor program in the evening 'will begin with a social hour at 6:30 -with Vestaline Walls and Ada Buddie in charge. A luncheon will be served at 6 p. m. Carl Reynolds will lead the discussion at the regular Christian Endeavor period at 6:30. The evening church worship will be in the form of a joint program at the Trinity Methodist Church at which time Bishop Blake ■will speak.
Christian Students: Dr. L. M.
Methodtet Students: Co-ed class will meet at the Foundation House to start a series of services on “The Life Of Jesus.” Men’s class will meet at the church with Reverend McFadden as the leader on “World Peace”. Bishop Edgar Blake, bishop of the Methodist Church of Indiana and Michigan, will be the guest preacher at the morning hour of worship at 10:45 o’clock. Bishop Blake "will speak on “Christianity And World Peace”. In the evening. Bishop Blake will speak at a union meeting of the churches under the auspices of the Tippecanoe County Ministerial Association at Trinity Church in Lafayette on “The Churches And World Peace”. There will be an Armistice Day dinner under the auspices of the Purdue Religious Council Wednesday in the Home Ecopomics Building at 6 o’clock. T. K. Noss, of the education department, and Major Kurtz, of the military department, will be the speakers. Tickets are on sale now for 40 cents.
B&B
HARVEY CLINE—^you are being trailed by one ALICE PARLON, who is looking high and low for you —she desires your company—something about a certain bet that was arranged between the two of you— she claims that she bet on Roosevelt and that his winning entitles her to a dinner at the Fowler Hotel at your expense... DICK LESLIE, it seems you owe the same sort of debt -to BETTY BARNETT and Lhe would like to collect—kinda like . . .
the thetas tried to get BARBARA DOBSON over to Heavilon Hall Thursday morning in time to claim FORSTER’S kiss, but they got there
just about a half minute late—^too bad, DOBY, better luck next time.
MARS PASSES OUT L. G. KREISER can claim the MARS passes at noon today by stepping up to RUTHIE LOVE, ROMA, or EVA at the UNION desk and kina polite like ask for these here passes.
Inventions for the discomfort of the freshmen have slumped badly in recent years, according to reports from the United States patent offce. Back in the ’90’s some one was patenting a new torture device ev-
ery month.
Only 10 of the 92 known elements on earth are necessary for plant growth.
^SUDDEN '^RVICE
P' r J
RINTING^ one* StmeMfy.P Vcddlni hivlWioM
PHONE " •rf#«B»«b,Ele.... 2 6 8 8 CASSEL'S AOttwUKP
No Flowery Talk! No False Promises! No Leaks!
If You Have
A. W. WERKHOFF
DO YOUR PLUMBING AND HEATING
We Do Your Neighbors’ Why Not Yours? Automatic Storage Heaters, 20 Gallon Capacity, at $40.00 Come Up and See Me Sometime 914 Main St. Phones: Office 6987; Res. 7863
132 Vine Sc. West Lafayette
641 Main St., Lafayette
Special attention given to Formal Clothes . . . Your Tux and Dress Suits, also Dress Shirts and Collars returned to you done properly . . . Remember we do both Laundry and Dry Cleaning and guarantee our work . . . Sendittoeither our West Lafayette or our Lafayette office, or you may phone 3085 and our driver will call.
PHONE 3085
American Laundry