\'
/ 5
i
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY
\ 9JlAUfU/il ^ptember 17.
1938
Lafayette, Indiana
VoLSO
No. 5
Pi Phis Let Contract For $68,600 House At State, Waldron; To Accommodate 37 Ground will be broken this morning on the corner of Waldron and State streets for the new Pi Beta Phi house by the Kettlehut Construction Company of Lafayette. The letting of the contract at $68,600 was announced last night to the' sorority by Dean Mary L. Matthews, faculty sponsor and financial advisor who has been in charge of the arrange-
ments and plans for the new house.
$6,000 for Lots **^*—■*—
Delay in starting the house was caused by a necessary increase of about $10,000 in the cost of the house as planned. The sorority bought the three lots some time ago
at a cost of $6,000.
The new house will accommodate thirty-seven girls thereby avoiding the present necessity of housing part of the members in an annex
and in private homes.
The latest addition to the new group of sorority houses will be of Georgian style architecture—^red brick trimmed with two white stone pillars and white wooden shutters at the windows. Two main floors, a basement and (dormitory will make
up the new building.
Floor Plans
On the first floor will be a dining room seating 41 persons and a large living room with three adjoining alcoves. Second floor will contain the study rooms, baths and showers. Aside from a heating plant there will be in the basement a recreational parlor for girls. Following the completion of the building the old Littleton street house will be sold, according to an announcement made by Dean Matthews last summer. '
Pi Beta Phis Too Excited Over ^ew House To Talk By the Roving Reporter After about an hour of trying to get the Pi Phis to express some of their views of the idea of their new house, after letting of the contract for its construction, an Exponent reporter was finally able to get a few of them to talk. It seems that excitement was running high over at the little house on Littleton street. The first girl we contacted wasn’t even able to talk. The next said “We are all happy about the whole thing. Everyone of us is so excited that we just can’t say anything sensible.” Seniors Mucidate At this point they all went into a huddle to agree on something to say, and then someone representing the seniors stated, “Oh. Just say that all of the seniors wish they were freshmen again so that they could live in the house for four years.” After an exchange of a few more (Continued on page 2)
Mitchell To Speak
Thursday At First AChS Gathering
Dr. H. H. Mitchell, professor of animal nutrition at the University of Illinois, will speak at the first meeting of the University section of the American Chemical Society Thursday in room 106 of the Chemistry Building at 7:30 p. m. The lecture will be immediately preceded by a 6:00 p. m. dinner in the Memorial Union Building in
honor of Dr. Mitchell.
Dr. Mitchell is a native of Illinois and has been with his University since 1909. He holds - A. B., M. S. and Ph. D. degrees from Illinois, and was named professor of animal nutrition and chief of the
division in 1925. Edited Monograph
With T. S. Hamilton, Dr. Mitchell edited an American Chemical Society monograph on the biochemistry of amino acids which has since been used as an authoritative reference
on this subject.
Those in charge urge all interested to attend the meeting, especially students of chemistry and chemical engineering. Reservations for the dinner may be made with C. L. Shrewsbury in the Agriculture Experiment Station at 66 cents per plate. His phone number is 3977. All Reservations must be in by 12 noon Wednesday, September 21. Senior Co-eds Order Corduroy Jerkins Today Senior women who wish to place orders for jerkins must do so today at Gullion’s Clothing Store on State street. The jerkins which are to be made of yellow corduroy will be the insignia of the senior women this year and will be worn for the first time at the opening football game next Saturday. They are priced kt $3.25 and need not be paid for when thfe order is given. The jerkins were selected in preference to the gored skirt of last year by vote of the senior women Wednesday afternoon.
Glen Goff’s Band To Swing For Students Tonight At 7:15
By the Jitterbug When tonsils come out you have a sore throat . . . and when you have a sore throat you can’t sing . . . and so Betty McQuisten, vocalist with Glen Goff’s band, -will not vocalize from the ballroom bandstand tonight. Betty’s tonsils were removed last week in St. Elizabeth’s hospital, so Glen will not use her in tonight’s appearances at the swing session and the mixer. Swing addicts will be made happy, however, by Jack Silvers and Vern Breitweiser, other vocalists with Goff. Glen’s band is the outfit formerly conducted by Pat Clinton, with a few changes which Glen states are “for the better.” Swing Begins at 7:15 Glen will feature several special arrangements and novelties at the swing session, which starts at 7:16 in the Union ballroom and will continue until 8 o’clock. “The Sheik of Araby” will hold a high spot in the program; Bob Reed and Jack Silvers will shine as the truckin’ saxaphone players. Ray Stephens, ^Bron Tarmohlen, and Glen will appear as a trombone trio. Bob Detamore will swing out
Frosh To Parade Before Game Today
Mixer Maestro
Late News Bulletin
LONDON—Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain goes before his cabinet today in an emergency session over the Czech crisis.
PRAGUE—Putting armed troops on the trail of Nazi leaders, the Czechoslovakian government outlawed Konrad Henlein’s Sudeten German party last night.
Glen Goff, who will do double duty in the Union ballroom tonight with his orchestra. Goff will play a free swing session from 7:15 to 8 o’clock and, after an hour recess, will play for a regular dollar Union mixer.
BERLIN—A Nazi soxirce in contact with Hitler stated yesterday that the Fuehrer now demands not only Sudeten annexation but also protectorate of all Czechoslovakia.
High School Football Scores: West Lafayette, 7; Catholic High (South Bend), 0. Jefferson, 13; Logansport, 12. Book Exchange Open
Poller To Greet Frosh FTOm 10 Till 5 Today
At Engineering Ledure
Freshmen engineers will meet in Eliza Fowler Hall at eight o’clock this morning for the first meeting of Engineering Lectures. A welcome will be extended to the incoming engineers by Prof. A. A. Potter, Dean of Engineering. The purpose of the course, taken by all freshmen engineers, is to acquaint them with the various phases of engineering. This will enable them to better make a choice of schools when the time comes. The course will consist of a series of lectures by staff members of the various engineering schools. Several practicing engineers not connected with the University will speak during the year.
Closing the student book exchange at five o’clock yesterday because of the mixer, exchange officials stated that it would reopen at 10 a. m. this morning, but would be forced to close at five again because of the swing session tonight. However, starting on Monday the exchange will be open at the customary 10 a. m. and remain open until 8 p. m. Books have been coming in at a better rate but the supply is still limited. An appeal to all fraternities and sororities via the telephone resulted in a few more being brought in before clos-
ing yesterday.
There is still a great demand for technical books which has not been filled and an unexplainable shortage of English and Economics books with which the exchange was over-
stocked last year.
Prof. Emrick Announces Appointments Of New Military Band Officers For Semester
on his trumpet in his boogy style . . . boogy, to those unfamiliar with swing slanguage, means in a hot, negro manner. “My Old Kentucky Home” and “Stop Beatin’ Around the Mulberry Bush” will find swing spots on the pi-ogram. Swing or Jam—Which The band leader pointed out the differences between a “jam session” and a “swing session” in the Exponent office yesterday afternoon. He said; “People often erroneously call a “swing session” a “jam session”. In a jam session a group of musicians get together and jam a number down the gi-oove without music. In a swing session numbers are played from special arrangements in a swing manner.” Tonight’s swing session will be the second that has been played by a campus band. Goff also played for the first one, last spring. Glen has been playing on campus bands for the past three years. He played with Pat Clinton for two years, and three years ago he played with Kenny Ebershoff’s organization.
Appointments of commissioned and non-commissioned officers to the band staff for present semester were announced yesterday by Prof. P. S. Emrick, director of the Purdue Military Bands. These men were chosen for their respective posts after careful consideration of their musical ability, length of service, and executive cg.pacity in the various types of work necessary to the smooth functioning of a military band, according to Professor “Spots” Emrick. ^ Commissioned Officers The officers’ roster is as follows: Brevet captain and military officer, C. A. Reichelderfer, Sr. ChE; 1st lieutenant and supply officer, W. H. Deitch, Sr., ChE; 1st lieutenant and detail officer, C. J. Camp, Sr. ChE; 1st lieutenant and publicity officer W.H. Smith, Sr. ME; Brevet 1st lieutenant and band adjutant, J. W. Claypool, Sr. Sci. Brevet 1st lieutenant and assistant director of military bands, F. C. Baase, Sr. ME; 2nd lieutenant and band librarian, C. A. Heidbreder, Jr. ME; Brevet 2nd lieutenant and assistant military officer, J. L. Hackleman, Jr. Ag; Brevet 2nd lieutenant and concert master, J. N. Tait, Jr. ME; Brevet 2nd lieutenant and personnel officer, H. L. Minkler, Jr. ME. Non-Commissioned Officers Master sergeant and assistant supply officer, J. 0. Ballard, Sr. Ag; 1st sergeant in charge of details, V. T. Hitchcock, Jr. Ag; Sergeant in charge of music, J. T. Agnew, Jr. ChE; Sergeant in charge of equipment, R. W. Bonner, Jr. ME; Sergeant in charge of chair and rack detail, O. C. Hathaway, Jr. ChE; Sergeant in charge of quarters, V. E, Dietrich, Jr. Sci.
Corporal of equipment detail, P. B. Hassler, So. Ag; Corporal of equipment detail, I. R. Dudley, So. Phar.; Corporal of chair and rack detail, H. A. Todd, Co. ME; Corporal of supply detail, R. A. Krull, So. Eng.; Corporal of music detail, J. R. Newgard, So. Eng.; Corporal of quarters detail, R. A. Spraker, So. Eng. ^ Principal field trumpeter, W. R. Woodward, So. Eng.; First field trumpeter, R. A. Hogue, So. Eng.; second field trumpeter, D. J. Wheeler, Fr. Eng.; third field trumpeter, C. R. Kent, Fr. Eng. Taylor, Engineer Editor, Issues Call For Frosh J. B. Taylor, editor of the Purdue Engineer, will meet freshman and sophomore aspirants for positions on the Engineer staff in room B of the Memorial Union Building Monday afternoon at 4:15. AsR larger magazine is planned for this year, many positions are open to sophomores on both the business and sales staffs. The first issue will appear about the third week in October. Those who turn out and receive jobs on the staffs will help in putting out the first issue for this semester.
The Weather
Freshmen Plan To.Carry Oul Annual March From Deac's To Stadium Before Gridders Meet In Intra-Squad Clash “That’s fine—that’s just dandy,” said G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school and loyal supporter of all Purdue tradition, when he heard of the proposed freshman parade and snake dance before the annual Gimlet sponsored intra-
squad football game.
Although the parade can not yet be classed as a tradition it stands well to become one as it has taken place several years and from all indications is likely to continue. According to the latest statements, the freshman class is to meet in front of Deac’s at 1:00 p. m. wearing green pots.
Parade To Stadium
From Deac’s the frosh will parade up State and University streets, following the street car tracks, to
the Stadium.
Carl Swan, Gimlet president, who was busily helping to get the frosh organized last night said, “Today’s game will be the only opportunity for the frosh to be the big show of
the day.”
Freshmen Enthused A self appointed committee of three. Chuck Brandt, Bud Evans, Lewis Campbell, Phi Gam pledges of the class of ’42 dropped in to tell us what they thought of it after making a round of the fraternities. During their wanderings they found that the ATO, Phi Delts, Phi Psi, Kappa Sigs, and the Phi Gams were heartily backing the frosh activity—which made it unanimous among the fraternities they visited. Then these three boys gave us some typical reactions of the frosh
to the idea.
Chuck said, “It’s a swell tradition and the class of ’42 never lets a tradition down.” Evans thought that, “If we organize now while we are freshmen we will develop a better school spirit throughout the four years.” Backing his companions’ statements, Campbell said, “It’s the freshmen’s first big chance to organize and really do something.” Cary Hall Contacted A canvass by telephone unearthed the views of other frosh who were just learning about it for the first time. Cary Hall boys Jim Orton, Oscar Dawn, Tom O’Connell, and John Hammer all seemed to think it was a good idea to carry on. “It should be a lot of fun,” said Jim Orton and Oscar Dawn seemed to think, “the frosh should be interested.” — Windy City boy, Tom O’Connell said, “It sounds all right to me. I’ll be there.” John Hamnier also of Chicago said, “The freshmen need something to get ’em started.” Sig Ep pledge Gene Adams said, “Now’s the time to get started. The class is going to have to stick together and learn to work together, and things like this build class
spirit.”
WBAA To Broadcast First Variety Hour From Fowler Hall Swinging into the broadcasting activities for this school year with vim and vigor, the University’s radio station WBAA will present a full afternoon of entertainment today, beginning with Radio Stage’s production of “Auto-Humani-tas” at 1 o’clock, and climaxing with the season’s first Variety
Hour.
“Auto Humanitas” is based on a fantastic play by Czechoslovakian Karl Capek and concerns the secret of making people who look human, act human, but have no souls. These man-made robots are constructed of a substance which looks like protoplasm but is totally
different.
To Be Continued “Auto-Humanitas” will be presented in two episodes, the first from one till two o’clock this afternoon, with the closing episode scheduled for next Saturday. All members of the production staff have been WBAA-trained especially for these broadcasts. Another highlight of this afternoon’s programs will be the first Campus Variety hour of the present year. Bringing back some of the campus talent which appeared on last year’s programs, the Variety Hour will go on the air from Eliza Fowler Hall from 3 to 4 o’clock. Calling All Hidden Talent According to Bill Miller in charge of the Varieties Hour, anyone possessing musical ability in the popular vein and who has an ambition to appear on the campus show may call 6076 (WBAA) and leave his or her phone number. Radio Stage, also, has issued a call for new recruits, and will hold tryouts in the near future.
Orrin Tucker Scores Hit As 569 Couples Pack Ballroom
Forecast for lodiapa: Mostly cloudy, possibly showei’s in the north portion and slightly warmer Saturday. Sunday, considerable cloudiness and somewhat warmer.
By Don Terrio They really danced last night . . over 550 couples swayed to the music of personable Orrin Tucker at the biggest mixer the school has seen for some time. Shining out in novelty numbers, special request dances, and hilarious “short subjects,” Tucker showed the pi-om-sized mixer crowd an evening that they will not soon forget. At 9:30 the line of people waiting for tickets extended from the ticket table to the balcony stairs. The crowd kept growing every minute, and by 10:30 the floor was jammed. Request Numbers On Tucker’s fii-st all-request progi'am the choices of Pm’due students were “I’ve Been Saving Myself For You,” “Josephine,” “Music, Maestro, Please,” and “Stardust.” A 12-voiced glee club and the Bailey sisters had dancei-s packed 16 deep around the bandstand as they sang “'The Donkey Serenade”, and the “Boilermaker Blues.” When the ballroom lights were turned out. Tucker presented an entirely different l?and—“^n orches-
tra in light.” Each band instrument was illuminated by a large colored musical note. The notes gathered together and moved about as the band drifted into a melody. The Bailey sisters put the dancers in a happy mood with numbers like “Old Man Mose” and “A Tisket, A Tasket,” while smoothie Bonnie Baker made many a male head turn to hear her vocalizing. Likes College Stands “I’d rather play college stands than almost anything else; you students have a better feeling and a better knowledge of music than many other groups . . . music has to be just a little bit better to really please the collegiate audience. Then too, college hospitality is most gratifying” . .. that is what Tucker thought about his appearance here. The band leader started to play in grammar school. His fii’st engagement was for an Elks Club dance . . . which he played in short pants. Purdue students who danced tq Tucker’s music will lQn$; remqmltqE his special edition of thq nukker Blues.”Y’
AiiiiliiiiiiMi
£diJbJdai
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
3'iiaiuJutA
Saturday, September 17, 1938
Activity Groups...
... begin meeting together early as first days of classes start the University’s year. Yesterday representatives from dance sponsoring organizations met with Student Union officials to formulate a calendar of campus dance dates. Today offers the first opportunity for a large group of students to get together. The football game this afternoon offers entertainment to every student on the campus. A good portion of the freshman class will spontaneously get together for their traditional parade and snake dance. Being a minor game, however, it will not draw even ^majority of Purdue students. In the first month or so of school convos, football games and pep sessions will bring together large groups of students. At none of these will there be eveiT close to 100 per cent student attendance.
At no time during the year will the entire student body get together. There are no functions which require such attendance and also none which will attract it. Growth of the University has caused what used to be truly a student “body” to become a more or less disintegrated group. Many small groups have regular meetings, such as fraternity and honorary memberships and activity organizations. ITiese persons get to know one another pretty well, but the whole student body, which never is at one time assembled, never gets acquainted with itself.
Of course it is apparent that it is impossible for all students to know each other by name, but meetings of the entire group might bring about other desirable results. Students nowadays learn very little about their University except what they read and by hearsay. A few talks on University history and tradition should be of interest. Freshmen could learn the customs and fit themselves into the campus life if they were treated to discussions such as these. Convos are often of sufficient value to have every student assembled as an
the Purdue Exponent
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTtSINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative \ 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHicAso ■ Boston ' Los Anoeles • San Francisco Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the • regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief H. I. StanbSck Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor. ..., D. A. Bailey Associate Editors . G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, K. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager JE. M. Antonini Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager. V. Daugherty Nationajl Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounte Manager . W. E. Smith Art Director. D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor. Sally McKee Associate Edltora . — Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor. R. L. McDonald Associate Editors _. J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE > Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Frederick Issue Editor—Patterson Saturday, September 17, 1938
400 Students-
New Record For Choral Try Outs
With over 400 students singing for positions on the Men’s Glee Club, the University Choir, and the Concert Choir, during the past two days, to establish a new record, tryouts for the campus choral groups closed yesterday at five o’clock. • Looking over a long list of those who had passed the test successfully, A. P. Stewart, director of the University glee clubs and choruses stated that there were almost more than he could use.
audience. These and many other things could be on programs for 100 per cent student attendance—if ways and means could be devised for getting all together.
“Thefe are more good voices than we have had in years,” he said, “and I am very well pleased. This makes a long thought of “Echo Choir” for musical convocations a possibility.” He also stated that those who had made the grade would be announced in a later Expo'nen.t along with the date of their first rehearsal. Orchestra Looks Better The University Orchestra is still holding tryouts and according to Robert Phillips, in charge of the organization, will continue to^do so until all possibilities are exhatisted. Backing the beliefs of Mr. Stewart, he said “this is the finest bunch of musicians that have hit the campus in several years. I may have to increase the size of the orchestra from 45 to 50 or 55 to avoid losing fine players.” Tryouts begin at 10 a. m. and will continue indefinitely from day to day, Phillips stressed, and urged students to come and tryout.
Playshop Ticket Sales Expeded To Reach 3,000
Playshop ticket sales thus far have gone three times as fast as any preceding year and are expected to reach a goal of 3,000. Following last year’s policy, season tickets are going for one dollar against the price of 75 cents per production at the door. “I can say with all sincerity,” stated Playshop theatre manager John E. Dietrich, speaking of Playshop’s productions for the year, “that Purdue students are getting more real value for their money on our season ticket than any other University has to offer for the same money.” Tryouts for the first production, “Room Service,” will be held in about a week and it will be presented October 26'to 29 inclusive. Additional plays to be given under the direction of Kenn Carmichael, Gilbert Williams, and John Dietrich are “Bury the Dead,” “Dracula,” and “Brother Rat.”
McFarland To Speak At YWCA Vespers
Born To Give Series Of Bridge Talks Over WBAA
Three ilfini Say Big Ten 'Pure'
“An Ideal Woman” will be the subject of the talk to be given by Miss Muriel McFarland of the education department at the YWCA Vesper Service tomorrow afternoon at 3:00 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Bui ding.
The vesper service, given annually for new women students, is open to all co-eds on the campus. During the service violin selections will be played by Phyllis Mae Umfreys. Martha Baker is in charge of arrangements.
Julius Born, local bridge expert who officiated at the Union bridge classes last year, will present a series of special broadcasts on contract bridge beginning Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock over University radio station WBAA. Born will give his informal chats on bridge three times each week, Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. The broadcasts have been aired over WBAA during the summer months since July 1st, and will continue throughout the first semester.
CHAMPAIGN, 111.—Sept. 16.— Three valuable sophomore prospects said today they have quit the University of Illinois football squad to go “someplace where we can get something for our football playing.” All three—Wilson Schwenk, St. Louis, halfback; Gene Blades, University City, Mo., guard, and Leroy Harrison, Alton, 111., tackle, indicated they planned to move outside the Big Ten. Before reporting this fall, Harrison said he “wanted to look over some Eastern colleges first.”
Meetings of YWCA groups are al- ' so scheduled for next Tuesday and Wednesday, September 20 and 21, at 4 p. m. Tuesday’s meeting will be in charge of the committees on settlement, house, religion, and philosophy while Wednesday’s meeting will be directed by the literature and Cary Home committees.
J. W. Nelson ... . . . who received his bachelor’s degree from the University last year has accepted a fellowship at the University of Florida.
Van Pell Goes To Panama
Pi Beta Phis—
W. E. Van Pelt, of Lafayette, Pharm. ’37, left the United States about September 1 to take an appointment at Cristobal, Panama. He will serve as pharmacist under the U. S. Public Health Division in the Canal Zone.
(Continued from page 1)
AIR-CONDITIONED
words ( ?) Georgiana Pittman, Sci. ’39, was persuaded to give her idea on the matter. She says “I think it is just grand, and I wish I would flunk out or something so that I could live in the house longer.” She called another sister to the phone. This time Frances Raebig, HEc ’40, expressed her views saying, “We have all been looking forward to it for some time. I am very glad that I have one more year to live in it.” Like Style Of House Eleanor Benton, HEc ’39, when asked what she thought of the plans and the style of the house said, “Why -of course it is going to be the most beautiful house on the campus. It will be just like living at Mt. Vernon. One of the main things we all like about our new location is that it is close to the Home Economics Building and we can probably sleep later.” When the reporter asked if he could speak to some other girl, he found that by this time they all had left for the dance, and so our little (?) interview ends. Yes, there are people who love to talk'— Sometimes, or do they?
Sunday - Monday
ALSO SHORT
LAST TIMES TODAY “ADVENTURES END” “OUTLAWS OF THE PRAIRIE” “ZORRO RIDES AGAIN”
"KISS ME SO I’LL ALWAYS REMEMBER ... EVEN IF YOU DON’T COME BACK!"
George Raft as the rowdy rover of northern seas, and Dorothy Lamour, his girl, fighting fiercely for love, in a story stormy as the roaring Arctic
...Paramount’s roistering drama of untamed Alaska I
STARTING TODAY
Another $250,000.00 Movie Quiz Contest Picture
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘Let’s soften those lights to amber*—the white light adds years to her age!”
“The Big Ten is too pure,” he. said. Schwenk* was'Ihe No. 2 left halfback on Bob Zuppke’s squad. Gene Blades, who reported three days late and reportedly had spent them in another football training camp outside the Conference, originally was regarded as a fine guard prospect.
ment on the campus, said “it’s better if they leave than have them around to stir up discontent among the other players.”
\mmsm
LAST DAY —
Athletic Director Wendell S. Wilson, who helped found the Illinois plan of co-ordination to help deserving students obtain employ-
mm.
— LAST DAY — 2 FIRST RUN FEATURES
rm TMHEE
MICHAEL WHALEN LYNN BARI
— SUN.-MON.— CLARK MYRNA
IGASLE TRAC
VICTOR FLEMINGS^
PRODUCTION
’Ysrpiun
bwjo
Ari'American Cavalcade
with
TYRONE ALICE DON POWER-FAYE-AMECHE
STARTING TOMORROW
ROYAL BAD-GIRL Her Life... Her Sins!
Norma Shearer as the girl-queen who yearned for lovel Tyrone Power as the lover who offered his life. 2l
hours of thrills I
NORMAiREARER
/fUM i
Annitmc
f>
Ifl .#% 11^
STARTS MIDNITE SHOW TONITE 11:30
A $250,000 “Movie Quiz” Picture
JO® mnm nmCrry^'
Radio’s Favorite Funman —a bronco bustin’ buckaroo—way out west where the fun begins.
— TODAY: DOUBLE FEATURE — “Woman Against “The Man Who the World” Cried Wolf” Ralph Forbes—Alice Moore Lewis Stone—Tom BrownSaturday, September 17, 1938
THE PURDUE ESTPONENT
Boilermaker Elevens Battle Today In Intra Squad Game
....choice
One of the h>^ggeat freshman squads, both in size and number, ever to turn out for football at Purdue was outfitted, limtfered-up, and initiated last night into their long training season under the tutelage of Coach Elmer Burnham. A —— Freshmen^ footballers at Pujrdue are first taken through a rigorous conditioning period . ^ . following this they are given expert instruction in the art of blocking, tackling, kicking, passing, and all the other ABC’s f football, which a good Boilermaker must know. —fc— Meanwhile they have been divided up into squads ... one squad will be taught Butler plays, another Minnesota plays, a third may be taught Fordham plays . . . during the week preceding the particular contest with these several schools, the squad which has learned this particular school’s set of plays is sent to the varsity field. ' —^fc— Here the slaughter commences . . . result . . . Purdue goes out and beats Butler, or Minnesota, or the
Fordham Rams, or whatever team you want . . . very neat and very excellent training for the frosh . . . sometimes they make a good showing against the varsity and become known as the “Freshmen Flashes” , ,or a year later as “Outstanding Sophomore Hopefuls.” —^fc— Coming from all parts of the United States, the freshman football men have years of high school and prep school experience behind them ... a few never played football before coming to college . . . all face a year of stiff competition for freshmen numeral awards . . . all will be having the time of their lives . . . (p. s. and in spite of anything which may appear in this column to the contrary, Elmer Layden is still at South Bend wielding a shillalah among the Fighting Irish).
Concessions Applications for concessions to Purdue football games this fall should be turned in before Tuesday, September 20, to my office in the Fieldhouse. ROBERT WOODWORTH, Acting Athletic Director.
First lit Style First Ita F@rS®rniance First in the Hearts of College Students
The Pen that Has What It Takes to Put You on Even Writing Terms with Anyone Else in Your Class If you want the Pen that ranks No. 1 in America’s schools and colleges—that will help you rate as no other pen you can carry—go to any nearby pen counter today and s^e and try this pedigreed Beauty in shimmery circlets of Pearl and Jet—smart, exclusive and original. The Parker Vacumatic won’t cramp your style by running dry unexpectedly in classes or quizzes. For held to the light it shows ^hpw much) ink you have to spare—shows when to refill. A Pen that requires filling only 3 or 4 times from one term to the next, due to its copious ink supply. Its Scratch-proof Point of Platinum and 14-K Gold is tipped with Osmiridium, twice as costly as ordinary iridium. Go and ask for it by name—Parker Vacumatic. The smart ARROW clip identifies the genuine. The Parker Pen Co., Janesville, Wisconsin.
VACUMATIC GUAHANTEED MECHANIEAILY PEBFECT
Gold, Blacks Test Strength In Ross-Ade Stadium At 2 O'ctock; All Men To Be Used Sophomores To See Action On Bqth Teams
PROBABLE LINEUP
Golds
Position
Blacks
Britt
L.E
Thursby
• Mihal
L.T
Rossi
L. Johnson
L.G
Bykowski
Humphrey
C
.... Morningstar
Verplank
R.G
Ains'worth
R. Johnson
R.T
Diehl
Mackiewicz
R.E
Krause
Hennis
Q.B
Shakleton
Brown
L,H
Nesbitt
Brock
R.H
Byelene
Ippolite
F.B
Winchell
- Officials: Referee, Yarnell, Wabash; Umpire, Miller, Indianapolis;
judge, Layden, Notre Dame; linesman, Manachoff, Chicago.
With practically every member of the varsity squad slated for action, an intrasquad game between members of the Boilermaker football squad will be staged this afternoon at Ross-Ade stadium. The kickoff will be called at 2 o’clock. The elevens, one wearing gold i i i i i i n
jerseys and the other in black, will not lack adequate reserves, and frequent substitutions can be expected as the coaching staff endeavors to obtain a line on as many candidates as possible under fire, according to Boilermaker Coach Mai Elward.
Gold Team Favorites
Judging from the starting lineups issued by Coach Elward, the Gold combination will consist entirely of major lettermen and last year’s reserves. The Black combination, although liberally sprinkled with veterans, will contain a number of the most promising sopho-
more candidates.
A few shifts in positions have been made, and tomorow’s contest will mark the initial appearance of players performing at a new post. Lenny Diehl, for the past two season’s a guard, has been shifted to tackle, while Felix Mackiewicz, last season a halfback, tries his ability at an end post. Jack Brown, heretofore a fullback, has been shifted to
left halfback.
The University of Newark, organized in July, 1934, is believed to be the youngest university in the U. S.
Frat Golf Tourney Begins Wednesday An 18-hole tourney between Uni-
versity fraternities will be held on Wednesday and Thursday, September 28 and 29, at the Public Golf Course, according to Chief Clevett, intramural director. Three man teams - will compete in the first rounds, playing nine holes each day.
The eight lowest scoring teams
will meet in a straight elemination final later to determine the win-
ner.
A winner’s trophy will be given to the fraternity obtaining the most points. Individual medals will go to winners and runners-up. Participation points in the tournament gives 25 points to each fraternity, five extra points to winners and three to the runners-up of the matches. Tickets may be purchased at the intramural office at $1.50 per team
for the 18 holes.
Tom Noland, manager of the tournament, said that all entries are due in the intramural office not later than 4 o’clock next Friday.
Elwardmen Go Through Aerial Defense Drill With one eye on the season’s opener with Detroit here a week from today, and another on the in-tra-squad game this afternoon that will provide a preview of the 1938 '^xBoilermakers, Coach’ Mai Elward ^ent his Purdue ^ gridiron squad through an extended drill on both - offensive and defensive passing
yesterday afternoon.
The search for a passer was intensified as it became increasingly apparent that the loss of Cecil Isbell has cut down the effectiveness of the aerial attack, while stories emanating from Detroit regarding the effectiveness of the" overhead offensive devised by Gus Dorais increased the worries of the coaches in attempting to build a defense.
Shoot The Works
Prepared to shoot the works in an effort to upset the Boilermakers, Detroit’s deceptive eleven will present one of the greatest passing combinations in the country in Captain Alex Chesney, rugged 190 pound senior end, and Ed Palumbe, brilliant senior left halfback. Regarded as one of the leading exponents of the effectiveness of the overhead route, Detroit has a reputation for passing anytime or anyplace, and Elward has been devoting a lot of attention to developing pass defenses capalSle of halting the aerial attacks that he expects. Fall Tennis Practice To Commence Monday Yesterday, Coach Larry LaBree, varsity and freshman tennis coach, announced that tryouts for the 1939 Boilermaker court squad will ble held beginning Monday at 4 p. m. on the varsity tennis courts,’north
of the Fieldhouse.
The Purdue tennis team for next spring, consisting of from six to eight men, will be picked this fall
by Coach LaBree.
Come in and see the new
:er PENS from $2.75 to $10 Start the Fall Term at school on even terms with any other student. Come in today and see our new assortment of Parker Pens. All sizes, styles and colors.
DECKER BROS
518 Main St.
Phone 6477
434 Main St.
DRESS TO FIT THE OCCASION In Styles Fitting to a College Man Trench Coats $2.98 up Moleskin Trousers $3.98 Cords $2.98 Shirts - 98c Freshman Pots 29c Laundry Case $1.39 RELIABLE 224 Main Street
Clevett Sets Today As Final Date For IM Softball Entries
Deadline for entries in the intramural softball tournament closes today, according to “Chief” Clevett, intramural director. Each team will play six games, with the scheduled games to start at 4:15 p. m. each afternoon on Russell Field. A forfeit will be declared if either team is not on the field, by 4:30. Each squad is required to furnish one good ball and bat for each game. The official ball is a fourteen inch rubber ball. Check Out Score Books A representative from one of the opposing teams must get the score book from the check out window by 4 o’clock the day of the game. Unless these books are returned after each game, both teams will be charged with a default. The schedule and location of the diamonds may be found on the intramural bulletin board in the field house or each day in the Puo-due Exponent. Each team must furnish their own officials, and these officials may be removed by-the protest of either captain. Revised Rules The National Softball rules—^revised in January 1935—^will be the playing rules for the season and a copy of these rules -will be used at each game. The ground rules state that fly balls over the fence on even numbered diamonds are good fbr only two bases. Since a 14-inch ball is used, bunting will not be allowed. Practice games will be played on Monday and Tuesday.
^ndidpendaLie
WORLD-FAMOUS PARKER PENS from $275 to $10 • Pen and Pencil Sets •5395 to $15 Start the FallTerm at College on even terms with any other student. Come in today and see our new assortment of Parker Pens. All sizes, styles and colors. GERRY MOHLMAN
6pen6i
During
Your
Collegjate Career
• The Purdue Exponent
Phone 2954
American League W L Pet. GB New York 93 42 .688 Boston 76 56 .575 14 Cleveland 76 58 .546 15 Detroit 69 65 .514 22% Washington 66 69 .488 31% Chicago \ 54 72 .528 35 St. Louis 48 82 .369 44 Philadelphia 48 86 .358 46 Yesterday’s Results New York 6; Detroit 4. Boston 2; Cleveland 1. Washington-Chicago, rain. St. Louis-Philadelphia, rain. National League W L Pet. GB Pittsburgh 77 53 .592 Chicago 75 58 .559 4 Cincinnati 75 61 .548 5 New York 73 61 .544 6 Boston 66 66 .500 12 St. Louis 64 71 .474 13 Brooklsm 61 74 .451 18% Philadelphia 43 89 .325 35 Yesterday’s Results Pittsburgh 7-4; Boston 6-5. Cincinnati 2-1; Philadelphia 0-2. St. Louis 4-8; Brooklyn 1-4.
Fulfill your HEART’S DESIRE!
Start the fall term with the Pen that puts you on even terms with any other student—the celebrated Parker VacumaticI
PARKER PENS $2^5x0$10 Pen and Pencil Sets—*3-®® to 515 . See our complete new assortment of \the revolutionary Parker Vacmnatic Pens at $5, ^.50, $8.75, $10. Also Parker DeLuxe Challenger, $3.50; Challenger, $2.75. Come in today!
SOUTHWORTH'S Mail and phone orders filled the same day receivedy
THE PUEPTO EXPONENT
3ot^r4c(yf September 17, 1938
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
tomorrow
in the /
L^kur'ch
e6
West Lafayette Baptist 9:30 a.m.—Sunday morning class, led by Prof. T. K. Noss. 10:35 a. m.—“Play Ball,” Rev. Gleason. Harold Schulte, soloist. 5:30 p.m.—Social hour. 6:30 p. m.—Lunch. Dr. G. A. Young will speak on “Purdue Traditions.” 7:30 p. m.—Evening worship. '
St. John’s Episcopal 8:00 a. m.—Holy Communion. 10:45 a.m. — Morning service. Young people’s fellowship. 6:00 p.m.—Supper. 7:00 p.m.—Program.
‘For not tellin’ your wife, I want an extra day off—for not tollin’ your opponent, I want a 5-buck raise.”
Local Ads
SAME ZIPPER CORDS sell 50c cheaper at DEWENTERS. Say R. P. Manion sent you.
FRATERNITY BULLETINS — We print many fraternity bulletins. Let us figure on yours. Lafayette Printing Co., 511 Ferry St., Lafayette. .
TYPEWRITERS — All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. WANTED—Your order for Paper Towels, Paper Napkins, and Toilet Paper. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
LOST—Pair of glasses in maroon case. Reward. Call C. Brown, 2532.
MODERN FURNISHED ROOMS —^Suitable for students, running hot water. Good location. Phone 71201. Fisher Will Speak At Church Forum “Fraternities, to Join or Not to Join,” will be the topic on which Dean of Men M. L. Eisher will talk at the West Lafayette Methodist student forum tomorrow evening at 6:30. After the talk Dean Fisher will answer questions asked by his listeners. Special music will be furnished by the Epworth League orchestra, under the direction of Eugene Mun-' dorf. The meeting will be held under the auspices of the University League, The forum will be held at the Methodist Episcopal church in West Lafayette, at the corner of Main and South streets.
Purdue Christian Foundation 9:30 a. m.—Student class. Barton Hunter, speaker. 10:40 a. m.—“Making the Most of Life,” Rev. Doyle Mullen. 5:30 p. m.—Vesper service. 6:00 p. m.—Social hour and supper. 6:30 p.m. — Discussion (College Question Box). \ West Lafayette Methodist 8:00 a. m.—Breakfast. 9:30 a. m.—Sunday school. Dean Fisher and Dr. O’Shea. .10:40 a.m.—“The Truth and The Life,” Dr. Steele. 7:30 p.m.—“Fraternities: To Join or Not to Join,” Dean Fisher.
Central Presbyterian 9:30 a.m.—Group discussion of ‘The Character of Jesus” in the student room led by Dr. Gordon Graves. J 10:45 a.m.—“Good Soldiers,” Mr. Findley, University Pastor. Special music by choir directed by A. P. Stewart. 6:00 p. m.—“If War Comes, What Will I Do?” panel discussion at Westminster House.
St. Mary’s Church 6:30, 8:00, 9:30, and 11:00 a. m.— Morning Mass, Brother Holland.
APPT. FOR RENT—Two co-eds living in a three-room nicely furnished apartment near the campus, wish to share same with two other girls. Apartment stea mheated and furnished with electric refrigeration. Phone 2305.
CANDIDATES—For your printing of Letterheads, Envelopes, (Lafayette Bond), Tickets, Menus, Ballots, Invitations, Announcements, etc.—Lafayette Printing Co., 511 Ferry St. Phone 7828.
ROOMS FOR STUDENTS—Rent reasonable. 126 Columbia street. Phone 61402.
STREET CARS—Carry your ads —We print them on a short notice. Lafayette Printing Co. 511 Ferry St. Phone 7828.
FOR RENT—Apartment for I’ent for 4 to 6 men. 106 North street.
WANTED—^Roommate for two junior chemicals and graduate student; apartment with kitchen. 121 Fowler. Telephone 35293.
ROOM—For three students with private kitchen. 601 Evergreen. Phone 75912.
RADIOS Genuine precision built Fairbanks-Morse 5 tube Superhetrodyne Special. Only $11.95 Eagle Furniture Co. 425-31 Columbia St.
thePur4ue Exponent Service Directory
• Locksmith
• Dine
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
RUDY'S DINE DANCE Afternoon and Evening U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk . locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. Bicycles repaired. F. JOS. MULHAUPT
• Printing
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 51 1 Ferry St. Phonb 7828 '( All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Professional
CLARK'S Floral Company Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue students. 527 Main Phone 5432
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19y2 Vine West Lafayetfte Phone 4965
Notices
Engineerinsr Draminar: Students of Kne;!neerins Drawing last year will please call for their drawing plates at room 202, of Michael Golden Shops, on or before noori, Saturday, September 24. —rising.
Exponent Co-ed Workers; Compulsory meeting of all sophomores who intend to work this year. Room E of the Union today, September 17 aF2:30. Juniors must attend. —McKEB.
Surveying Make Up: C E 6 exam will be held in room 101 of the Civil Engineering Building on Saturday, September 17, from 1 to 4 p. m. Permits to take the exam must be secured before this date in room 102. —LOMMBL
Campus Varieties: All students connected with the Campus Varieties radio program last year call radio station 6076 and leave their phone numbers. —MILLER.
All Students: Passports will be distributed from the ticket office in the Fieldhouse starting Monday, September 19. —DOAN, Found—Sum of money in Dean of Men’s office. Owner may have same by describing container. —M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
Reamer Club: Meeting Monday, September 19, at 8 p. m. Meet in the Union lounge. Selection of pledges. —JACKS.
Gimlet Club: Dinner meeting Tuesday, September 20, at 6 p. m. at the Phi Delta Theta house. Selection of fall pledges. —SWAN.
Mortar Board: Meeting Saturday, September 17, at 1 p. m. in the WSGA office. Discussion of insignia and year’s plans. —WOOD.
Engineers—^Those interested in working on the Purdue Engineer staff meet in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 4:15 Monday, Sept, 19. —TAYLOR.
A HAPPY THOUGHT FOR THRIFTY COlllGlAMS —SEND your weekly laundry home by handy Railway Express Right from your college rooms and return, conveniently, economically and fast, with no bother at all. Just p^ne local college agent when to come for the bundle. He U call for it promptly—whisk it away on speedy express trains, to your city or town and return the homedone product to yoxx—all without extra charge the whole year through. Rates for this famous college service are low, and you can send collect, you know (only by Railway Express, by the way). It’s a very popular method and adds to the happy thought. Phone our agent today. He’s a good man to know. 9 So. Second St. Phone 2025 Lafayette, Ind.
Exponent Work Schedule: Friday—night ed, Terrio; stooge, Frederick; issue ed, Patterson ; proof, Heiple; marker, Willsey. Saturday—night ed, Insley; stooge. Woodson ; issue ed. Beer; proof, Massey; marker, Miers. —HARDIN.
Varsity Pistol Team: Ail members of the varsity pistol team willing to act as coaches with novice groups get in touch with me in supply room of Armory, immediately. Practice firing for men acting as coaches will be permitted whenever possible. —HOLMES.
Railway EXPRESS agency, INC. NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
Playshop: Meeting for all members Tuesday, Sept. 20, at 7:30 p. m. in the Playshop Office. —AHRENS.
Playshop: Meeting of officers at 1:00 p. ra. today in the Playshop office. Attend* ance imperative. -DIETRICH,
Senior Women: Order for jerkins must be placed at Gullion’s today, September 17. —McKEE. Dolphin Club: Important meeting concerning water carnival Tuesday, September 20, at 7:30 p. m. in Dr. Eastwood’s office. —CARR.
Purdue Engineer: Business staff and assistant editors meet in the Engineer office at 2:30 p. m. Sunday, September 18. —TAYLOR.
HOME FOOTBALL SCHEDULE Sept. 24—Detroit Oct. 22—Wisconsin (Homecoming) Nor. 19—Indiana (Dad's Day) PIGGLY WIGGLY
LOOK AHEAD And Buy For CoMuiort There's always a problem to face ... what to buy for school. The new suits are cut just the way college men like them. Roomy and full with the popular shape that adds inches to any man's shoulders.
INC.
ANY STUDENT can study better in clean clothes . . . have clothes Crown Cleaned regularly. Crown Labsiy riNECLKANKR$ Or FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
ii.--