i ! ''-'''i]V /|.H^'‘.i ./'"( ‘ '', '>.,' " “"'-‘aV ' V< , ' ' ‘ ) J' '’ - ) ', ' '■>'■*’
^ '''' U
/
, K.<-"‘*fi ' - * », .3»,f,. /f
EDIT: Austral ia Stands As Our First 'Hour Test'
Establifhed 1889
x43jQ4ieni if Daily Since 1906
VOTES: fncompl^fe Returns On Mdst Valuable Player ,
Volume 53, No. 147
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, Mareh 21, 1942
Coed Honorary Names Pledges
Gold Peppers Announce List Post-War Economy Of 24 At Bid Dance Last Night |n Defense Lecture
Three Staff Members Top List In Local Draft
J. A. Estey Explains
Twenty-four coeds wei’e pledged last night into Gold Peppers honorary during the annual Gold Peppers-Mortar Board dance given in the Union ballrooms. The new Gold Peppers are
listed in the box below.
These girls were chosen on the basis of scholarship and leadership in campus activities. To be pledged a coed must
have an index of at least 4.00 and a junior rating in the Uni-
versity.
The Gold Peppers dance, the last coed bid dance of the year, was in cabaret style with 58 tables along the sides. Soft drink.s and other I'cfreshmenth from the Sweet Shop 'wei'e served duriiiK the intermission to the couples
attending.
The backdrop was entirely gold and black with the Gold Pepper and the Mortar Board insigipa as the
C1U
W^IIWIOM MERflY-«0-
By Drew Pearson Slid Robert S. Allen FDR Ordered MacArthur To Australia Following Qnner^l Staff Suggestion WASHINGTON, March 20. — Now that Gen. MacArthur has left the Philippines, some of the secret facts about moves to get him out can be disclosed. 4rouiid the middle of February, the General Staff in Wasliinglon suggested to MacArthur that he leave the Oataan Peninsula. They “suggested,” because MaCArthiir is a full general, and (here is only one lithcr full general in the Army, Chief of Staff, Gen. Marshall. Gcncraks do not usually order each other, especially when one is in the field and is considered the best judge of what he is to do. unless it conies to long range strategy. The propo'sal of the General Staff had the .full sanction of the President, and a submarine actually was ready to take MacArlhui and his family from Bataan. However, MacArthur replied Ihat he was not ready to leave yet. So the only way to tiansfer him was by a direct order from the comman-dcr-in-chief, namely lloosevelt. At that lime Gen. AVavell was still the supreme comniander of Allied forces in the Southwest Pacific, and (he defense of Australia had not yet started. Moreover, there were few Aiuericaii troops in Australia to coinniaiid. Later, liowevei, the President sent word to MacAithui to prepaie to leave the Philippinc.s as soon as he could' readily ilo so, and take command of all the Allied foices in Austialia. Note—Meanwhile, cci tain antiItoosevclt Senators weie beiatmg* the Piesideiit for allegedly keeping MacAi thill in the Philippines because, they said, he lea red the general as a political opiionent. One Democratic Senator, whose lenomiiiation Roosevelt vigorously opiiosed in the famous purge of 19u8, actually lemarked al a dmiipr table: “We are demanding thal Roosevelt bring MacAi thui back but I liope he keeiis him there and MacArthur is taken prisonei. Then the lesentment of this couiitiy will be such that we can sweep this man out of the White llou'-e.” • Madam Secretary Secretary Perkins appealed at a secret Senate Laboi committee meeting, the other day, following which Chairman Elbert Thoma.s told reporters that she had testified on “labor coopeiation” in the wai effort. However, the Utah Senatoi took cai(‘ not to disclose that another matter had been discussed which would have made a much hottci news story. Miss Perkins was asked bluntly when she was going to resign. Further, she was asked the question by New Deal Senator .lames Murray of Montana. Murray tossed this bombshell while (See MERUY-GO-ROUND, page 2)
The following pledges were announced at the Gold Peppers dance last night: Maxine Abshier, Dorothy Benson, Jane Blank, Kathryn Bertscli, Mar.joric Bollman, Mary Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Caiista Creel, Florence Croll, Barbara Ford, Jeanette Haynes. Gail licnnis, Jane McCouch, Jean Patrick, Becky Ann Pervinc, Vivian Peterson, Jane Rainsdcll, Jeanette Rutherford, Harriet Simons, Lois Thompson, Jane Van Gorkam, Ruth Walker, Faith Wayne and Dorothy Weber. central theme. On either side were the large letters “G” and “P” of louiid Gold Popper caps. As these caps were pulled off, the names of the new pledges appeared. Band fronts for Bud Roderick and his orchestra from the University of Illinois consisted of altemating Gold Peppers and Mortar Board insig-
nia.
After the announcement of the new Gold Peppers, a reception was held in the Old Chestnut Room for actives, pledges, and faculty activity advisors. In charge of the arr a 11 g e 111 e n t s weie: Virginia Schaupi), general cliaiimaii; Barbaia Fellows, in charge of decorations; Ruth Rose, in charge of publicity; Mary Ann Moore, invitations; and June Close, reception. Wesley Foundation Coeds To Breakfast Tomorrow
Tomorrow evening at 8:15 Wes- ^ ley Foundation Coed Breakfast will fl QfnSOfi
be held at the foundation llou'-e. The cost of the breakfast is 15 cents, and the money will be used
for the missionaiy fund.
Mrs. Ruth Bartlet, newly elected member of the Wesley l'’oundation board will be the principal speaker. Mis. Baitlet is the second Woman to be on the board. Everyone is in-
vited to come.
150 Attend Final War Council Convocation By Ken Roquemorc Approximately 160 students, faculty and townspeople attended the defense lecture presented yestei’day afternoon at 4 in Eliza Fowler Hall. Prof. J. A. Estey, head of the University department of history, economics and government, was the featured speaker at this final lecture in the series of weekly war convos sponsored by the Student
War Council.
Estey’s discussion of “Post-War Economics Problems” was based on the assumption that the Allied nations will “bo victorious in the present conflict. He compared the situation which existed after Woild War 1 to his expectations of what will happen as a result of this war. No Economic Collapse Answering what he termed the most frequently recurring question concerning post-war economic problems, Professor Estey stated that, contrary to the opinions of many, there will probably not be an economic collapse at the conclusion of
the present war.
After the war the entire country will be busy leplacnig commodities, wants which are now being lationed or which arc not in use. Automobiles, clothes, food items, construction pro,iccts and luxuries long done without will be taken up anew. Returning soldiers will also add to the rapldl.y increasing demand for man-
ufactiu'ers’ products. War Debt Of 150 Billion
Turning to the problems of pay-
ing off the war debt, Estey slated that it will approach 150 billion dollars, which is the present approximate national yearly income. This problem may be solved and the debt paid off if the government
does not rush its paymenl. 'file citizens of the countiy will
have large reserves of money which they earned during the liooiii period of war production and were unable to spend due to sales restrictions, 'file only class of people who will be hard-hit b.y post-wai taxes will be the soldieis, who won’t be able to accumulate itny savings. As a remedy, Estey suggested that the future soldiers of America demand more pay foi theii present labors.
. . . who is stationed at Seattle, Washington, has been promoted to the lank of 1st Lieutenant in the United States Army, it was announced lecently. Formeil.y a 2nd Lt., Harrison giadualed from the University in ]{)37 and his father was a professoi at the University
in 10i;j.
G. Baughan Takes Lead In Poll For 'Athlete Of The Year' Award
By 'fed Clark tins Boiighaii, captain of Coacli Joe Beiina’s boxing dull, appears to have many truculent aihniicrs about the campus as evidenced by the avalanche of votes that decended upon (he Exponent oflice yesterday to put Boiighaii in the lead for the “Athlete of the Yeai” awaid with a total of 180 voles. Balloting Ends 'foday Balloting for this awai'd, wliieh will be given by the Ex|>oiieiit, closes today. However, all voles reaching the Exponent oflice oi the Nomination Ballot I noininute lus niy ehoiec lor the title of “Outstunding Athlete of the Year.” foi Sprowl incieased appieciably ovei the preceding day, while FiedWest Desk of the Union by tonight will be consideied in the final tabulations. Boughaii was followed by Frosty Sprowl with 85 votes, 'fhe latter
was closely crowded liy Casey Fredei ieks with 82 Nominatioiib cricks gained very little. Bouglian Little Known Since lioxing is not listed among the iiia.joi or minor sports on the University athletic budgets, but exists purely as a club under student coach Benna, Boughan’s activities in the ling had heretofoie provoked little notice. Apparently Boilei maker sports enthusiasts have .just now realized that the 155-pound state boxing champion was undefeated duiiiig the recently completed season. 'fhe three leaders were followed by Blanken, Polk, Melton, Holdeiman. Rush, Petty, Menke, Riley, Warren, Kiatzor and Williamson, Diversilied Coninuttee Decides Student nominations, in the main, will determine the winnei. However, a committee composed of students, faculty and athletic staff members will lender the final de-
cision.
The winner and the lunnei-up awards will be announced during the coming week.
R. Corley Receives Lowest Call Number Results of the nation's second draft lottery for men, 20 through 44 years of age, and the ftr.st wartime lottery since October, 1918, were partially tabulated by the Exponent yesterday at Lafayette DFaft Board No. 2, with regard to faculty members and students at the University. Although final order numbers will be sent from Washington next week, present order numbers have been assigned to the 2259 men registered with this board. First Three First three numbers drawn which apply to the local board were held by members of the University staff. Prof. R. C. Corley, of the Chemistry Department, lopped the list with series number 441. Dick Papenguth, swimming coach, having series number 1817, and Stanley Bolks, instructor in mathematics, with scries number 1108, are second and third in the local order. Fifth 111 the local rating is Robeit D Allemang, sophomore mechanical engineer, whose series number, 1584, places him at the head of all University students who registered in February for this second draft lottery. Abram Kesscl, .junior chemical engineer, and Joseph Grant, freshman engineer, also stand near the top of the list of present order numbers. 'I'hirty Men 'rabulated 'riic thirty men in the University who were tabulated yesterday range in order from 1 to 71, the remainder being assigned to local citizens registered with board No. 2. Among the first 80 men in the University are Di. P. II. Schmiedicke, of the Student Healtli Service, and Bob “Ilorsie” Riley, co-captain of next year’s basketball squad. % Standing of men within the University IS as follows: Prof. R. C. Corlo.y, Chem. Dept.; R. D. Papengiith, Phys. Ed.; Stanley Bolks, Math. Dept.; R. D. Allemang, 2 ME; Abram Kesscl, 8 CliE; Joseph Grant, 1 Eng.; N. H. Witte, 8 CliE. W. J. Frantz, 3 EE; II. F. Stcinmetz, 8 ME; Bernard Blatt, 8 EE; R. J. Freeman, 1 Eng.;‘W. R. Paikor, 4 ChE; R. II. Ball, 8 CE; P. I. Boynton, 8 F; C. W. Stall, 3 Ag; See DRAF'r, page WBAA Scliedules New Traffic Court Program Newest featiii e on the list of WBAA I emote progiams will lie a direct bioadcast from the Lafayette city traffic couit, scheduled to be (given liom Judge D. Emmett Ferguson’s couitroom this moiniiig from 10:16 till 10:45. 'fhe couitroom program, adding to the ah eiidy-scliediiled WBAA safety broadcast, held carliei in the week, will featuie the actual .judicial actions on ti allic violators wdio appear before Judge Feigiison. 'I’llIS latest WBAA featuie, something new in local radio piograms, IS designed as a public seivice featuie of the program to aid the safedriving campaign by local author-
ities.
Aeronautic F€iculty To Attend Meeting Under the leadership of Prof. K. D. Wood, tho aeronautics stuff and several University students will leave today for the regional convention of (he Institute of Aeronautical Science at Notre Dame University, South Bend. Ampng the staff members that will attend the convention, which is tho first regional student convention of the Institute, aie Pi of. E. F. Biuhii and F. M. Crosby. Guest siK'Uker al (he bamiiiet in the evening will be Bill Stout of Scaiab, Skycai, and Ford 'rii-motor fame. University Club . . . will hold its regular bridge party Monday evening at 7:80 in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. This meeting, in chai ge of Prof, and Mrs. W. T. Miller, is open to all members of the club.
University Musical Groups Present Convo Tomorrow
Playshop Appoints Newman Crewhead On New Production Chairmen Rush Plans For 'The Male Animal' Jack Newman, carpenter and builder of the landscape in “Be.yond the Horizon,” will be the crew chairman for Playshop’s next production, “'I’he Male Animal,” it was announced yesterday by Ernest Nordlinger and Anita Worsley, publicity agents for the comedy. Make up for the play will be in charge of Betty Erick, while John Gilly and Marianna Duke will be in chai’ge of securing props. Actors And Workers Completing the list of actors and workers for tho production, which was published two days ago in the Exponent, arc Pauline Martin, costumes; John Morrison, sound effects and Carroll Martindell, lights. Leading parts in the comedy were given to- John Claik and Barbara Noi'd, who will take the parts of young modern Prof. Thomas Turner and hib wife who prefers the glamor of night life to bookb. Bill Simpson will take the part of an old time football hero, Joe Ferguson, who is Mrs. Turner’s old boy
friend.
Football Hero The piesent football hero of Midwestern University, Wally Myers, will be played by Dale Duffin. He is ti’ying to get a diRe with Mib. Turner’s sister, ~''1Patricia, played by Ann Ostrander, 'fhe part of Michael Barnes, who causes an uprising at Midwestern’s homecoming by writing an editoiial in the liteiary magazine encouraging more liberal ideas to be discussed in class, will be portrayed by Ernest Nordlinger. Other characters in the comedy are Dean Damon, played by Vernon Rising; Mi's. Damon, by Margaret Slate; Ed Keller, by Harold Warren; Mrs. Keller, by Betty Wedge; “Nutsy Miller,” by Bill Batchelder and a reporter and radio announcer by Norman Ostioff. Delta Tau Delta . . , natiunal serial fraternity, wishes to announce the election of the following ollieeis: Donald Elfin, pie.iidont; Dwight E. Eeller, vice picbident; Richard Cai r, treasiiiei; Gilbert E. Chajniian, rush chaiiman; James P. Reeves, social chcUiman; Myrton N. Jones, house manager and Robert E. King, lecording secictary.
Concert Will Feature Jacklin, Schmadel, Smith As Soloists Soloists of the University Musical Organizations will present the regular afternoon concert tomorrow at 3 p.m. in the Music Hall. This program is the third in the series sponsored by the Student War Council and is open to the student body and the general public without charge. Marvin Smith, tenor soloist with the Men's Glee Club and the Concert Choir, will open the program. Smith, according to A. P. Stewart, Director of
FAO Lists Pairings For Inter-Fratenity Chess Tournament
Twenty-six fraternities have en-
the Musical Organization, ia better known to University alumni and the general public throughout the Middle West than any other student with the exertion of two or three athletes. Smith will graduate from fhfe School of Science in May and will
tered teams in the Inter-Fraternity ■^1*’ Gorps irnme^ateljr chess tournament being sponsored graduation. He will sing a by the Fraternity Affaii-s Office spe- three numbers, “Ah, cial events committee. The tourney, of My Delight, When I first ope to be held on the campus, “The
is of the single elimination type.
For the first round each man on the three man teams will play only once at a time to be ai ranged by the opposing teams. A trophy will be presented to the winning house, while the members of the second place team will receive keys. Further entries may be made by calling John Wilcox at
8444.
First Round
Hills of Home.’'
Jacklin At 'fhe Piano He will be followed by Arthur Jacklin, pianist from West Lafayette. Jacklin won the national contest in piano for three years while in high school and has appeared on the Music Room series since he WM a high school sophomore. He ia a freshman- in Engineering and a transfer student from -DePau^, where he majored in piano. He will
play “Minute Waltz,” “Minstrels”
All first round matches must be ..^he Great Gate of Kiev.” played by Saturday, March 28. First/ Alberta Schmadel, soprano in the
Concert Choir, will sing “Dahuy
round pairings arc as follows: Theta Xi-Sigma Nu, Alpha Gamma Rho-Phi Sigma Kappa, Tau Epsilon PliI-Tao'Bpsrlon, Sigma PiAlpha Chi Rho, Delta Upsilon-Pi Kappa Phi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon-
Theta Tau, Lambda Chi
Chi, Sigma Chi-Beta Theta Pi, Kappa Sigma-Alpha Sigma Phi, Phi Kappa-Kappa Delta Rho, Delta Tau Delta-Theta Chi, Beta Sigma
Psi-Phi Kappa Tau.
Boy,” “Thine Alone” and “Mai^ of Cadiz.” Miss Schmadel, a 3eni|T in Home Economics, has alfehTidd the Arthur Jordan Conservatory of Music for a year and has Stmgln
Sigma Alpha Mu- University Varsity Shdw’ed^ Alpha, Acacia-Delta years on campus.
3 Songs By Kennedy
William Kennedy, freshman in the Engineering School from Indianapolis, acted as narrator for the Musical Organizations Convocitioh given last month. He will sing “The Twenty Third Psalm,” “Boots” and
Theta Chi
Prof. McFarland Presides
Over Home Ec Association Green Eyed Drapn.”
See MUSIC CONVO, page 2 Professor Muriel G. McFarland of the division of education and applied psychology piesided at the annual meeting of the Indiana Stale Home Economics Association which was held in Indianapolis yesterday. Miss Edna Tioth, assistant state leader of the 4-II club woik on the Agi'iculluial extension staff, will succeed Miss McFarland who has
finished her year here.
Mjss Leila Gaddis, slate leader of home economics extension staff took biii’t.'in a panel discussion on “Nutrition Instruction That Func-
tions.”
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following meh: Willis Vei’million, New York, N. Y.; Richard Blackbiu-n, South Bend; Olney McIntyre, South Bend; Dwight Sanderson, Old Greenwich, Conn.; Paul Davis, Baltimore, Md.; Russel Cline, South Bend; Ray Schwab, Duke Center, Pa.; Donald Shrader, South Bend; Robert WT^ Western Springs, 111.; Robert Pafsons, Schenectady, N. Y., and Wayne Wallace, Indianapolis.
Busy Honey Bees Work Hard, Long Producing For America's Defense, Health, Sugar Lovers
By George Starr
'J’lie III miliar bee, wliicli will soon join us iuiiong .sivarms and cloud.s of liol liersomc files and “Hits” is a fit subject for a bit of podigreo study. In othei wouls the busy bee has a histoiy, yes, ([into a history. Lolig bclore man “lieeame modelii” our ancestors wei-e aware of the pi oduetivity of this little insect Other uses weie loiind for the bee, at least the stinger end, in u more leceiit peiiod. Few peojile know that the Romans waged war 111 the an also, but only bceause of llie liee. Legend i tell ns that ancient Roman iinvies earned with them caitliernwai e jars or hives winch were liiirdled into enemy ships on contact. While the Romans laughed nearby, the bee.s did llieir dirty woik creating confusion. Attack and victoiy supposedly followed tl»is air-borne blitzkreig beloio the enemy could recover its wits.
Bees Were Imported
Beekeeping is (lie oldest form of animal husbandly, having originated many centuries ago. 'riiomas Jelferson states in lus “Early IHstoiy of Virginia" that bees were not native to America but wcie impoited. “White Man’s Fly” was the common name given to the bee by the Indians. Bees’ honey was a
vital part of the colonial menu because it and maple syrup were the chief source of sweets at that time. Our present situation seems mild in coiiipariboii to that tWic when icllned sugai was unavailable. i Americans arc great sug.ir consumers, but poor honey caters. We will evidently have to learn all over again through expeiiencc the attributes of honey. We average only 4 lbs. of honey, per person, per year. Dietie organizations in many parts of tho country are engaged now in foniui,lating recipes to use honey as a substitute for sugars. Home Economics Depart merit of the University is engaged in such work at tho present time. “Bee Venom” Bees will be used for many and varied purposes during the war days to come. Some will bo surprised to hear that even the sting is not going to he wasted. It is now believed to be a lad that beekeepers mlfer little fioni iheuniatisin if they have been stung sufficiently, an ironic but useful fact. So the “bee venom” is now liemg utilized to combat rheumatism Although honey is an unpuilaut product, its importance is minor as compared to the pollination value of the bee. Farmers may have to transport bees into certain areas
for the sole purpose of seed production due to the loss of the SQurqe of our seed supply in foreign countries. Other imports affecting the honey situation include beeswax, 'riiesc imports have been drastically cut, necessitating a large jn+ crease m home production. Honey In Place Of Sugar Many nianufactiu-ers are trying desperately to get a “corner” on ..a small portion of the honey supply*. Bakeio and soft drinks and ic^ cream pioducers are dickering fop honey to forestall the sugar shortage. Another use found fwr hees has been the discovery that pollan i3 useful in medicines. The bees ate carefully run through a contraption which lecovers the pollen gathered on their bodies. 'I'lie University has experimental hives on the campus but tljese app kept fin the sole purpose of instrkc* tioii. Bees produce many kinds o| honey, depending upon the pl&n% from which they get their nePtal'. 'fhe re are more grades of hopety than tobacco, 'fhe most eommOQ kind 111 Indiana is clover honey, although goldeiirod, Spanish needle, aster and blue vine are common. Last year 200,000,000 lbs. of honey were produced in the United States^ So there's more than a sting |«lll in the little old bee after all.
^9TT
*'t^‘ ^
I
Purdue Exponent
Saturday, March 21, \1942
AmBrica Approaches ‘Hour Test’
itifterica is approaching its fii st ‘houi test’ 'of tSiis War It’s had a few dailies aheady—
Pearl Harbor, Wake Island, Bataan and Makassar" Btraat—on which it has shown steady * improvement By all appeal ances, the Jap wai machine is Iieaded for Austiaha This is a scheduled test, ^tShfene ■can be no claim of a suipiise quiz Both the Australian and United States governments have made it known that they lecogtilze the imminence of the attack For the fiist time in this war we hai e committed ourselves to full-scale protection of any specific pait of the United Nations’ territory. According to oui own communiques, we have sent large numbeis of tioops and great quantities of mateiiel “down under ” The Australians themselves, pi oven battleis in Crete, Libya, and Malaya, aie now fighting for their own homeland, a land nearly as large as -the Uni^d States When the Japs come to Austiaha they will
be invading, foi the first time, a nation of flee, white men There can be no excuse that the Aussles are natives whose loyalty to the united wai effort is qualified by memories of Biitish imperialism Theie can be no letieat fiom Australia The Biatish experience in handling “Dunkiique’’ evacuations can not be used in this case, there is simply no place for retreat— except pel haps to a Flying Dutchman existence in the South Seas Fuithermore, the United States simply cannot afford to lose the men and mateiiel it has placed on the southern continent So, we say, Austiaha’s the test With MacAithur’s assurance that Austjraha will be used as a spiingboard for offensive actions in the Pacific, we take heart in the hnpe that this new and effective tactic of a vigorous offense will take the place of t'he futile, ^‘refiire-to-stronger-positions” defense methods that have “laid an egg’ elsewhere j h a
Unii^firstty CalMar
ArtGuiid Announces Unioii Bridge TouraeV
To flol(T Finals loday
SaFplrddiy/MVcIi 21
KSy J^ards; Elects ^Mbnarary Member
National Rifle Association Tournament 1 00 PM—Bnd^e Tournament
7 3.0 PM —Jtffej.son S.op Dinnei-Dance
8 oO PM —Student Co op Dance 8 OO PM —Tau Epsilon Phi Danc^
Rooms 866 and 363, Union Noith Balhoona, Union South Ballioom, Union Chaptei Houl^e
8 30 P M —Alpha Kappa Lambda Dance Chapter House
Personnel Notes T. LIMcVey To Give
JtOME-
-TOKYO-
-BERLIN
Jtoiatin^ JhsL ChciA.
Niivaa-
-OAMOl-
-3Woa
white card along with a Mi Wallace On the day of the di awing we can featuie the Republican leaders giouped aiound then Mai coni inventions to be one of the fiist to find out Row soon it will be till they have a chance to^et some “Republican” besides Will kie in the ivoiy-coloied house
Pool pop’ Come the twenty-seventh of this month and he will get his second diaft caid of his life and grandma wiU have the playej piano moved down fiom the attic so she can again listen to “I Didn’t Raise My Boy To Be A Soldiei'” All these women in Washington who ha^e been cailying signs about keeping then sons at home will have to add thou husbands and fatheis to then placaids
Back to oui dad—we can’t give many leasons foi his defeiment His false teeth aie not out of line Jus glasses make it possible to see eveiythmg within two feet of his nose, his iheumatism only lasts foi two weeks at a time, and he will be able to drill foi abo,ut twenty minutes eveiy day—so he’s suie to be m class A 1 At least it will be the fiist A 1 classifi cation he s had since the piioiities came into being
Since eveivone in the government except about three of the nine old men, aie undei 65 the day may not be too distant when Eleanpi may be running foi the Piesidency Duiing the Ipst wai when all the men weie fighting and light aftei when they vveie weak to lesist—the feminine '=ex passed the 18th and 19th amendments so Heaven help us if eveiy man fiom 17 to 65 leaves
Speaking of goveinnient officials legisteiing we see that a F D Roosevelt will also get his 2 by 3’/,
So when the a my gets oui pop they should be able to piogiess with him showing them how he did it m ’17 If Geimany would call out its luen ovei 45 and put them into battle against oui next diaftee —we could lefight the fiist Woild Wai, but it we cvei did that—the southeineis would still claim they won the Civil Wai and we’d have to lefight that, and the fiist thing we’d know we would be back m the oiiginal colonies paying tax on tea What a w 01Id 1 t e
'%ain Grading School Meny-Go-Round...
To Convone Monday
Annual giain giading school will be conducted at the Univeisitv next Monday and Tuesday as a pait of i “•tate wide piogiam Piofcssoi F E Robbins will have chaige of the school The puipose of the school is to acquaint elevatoi men and othci dcaleis in giain with the latest standaids of giading Anyone in te’'ested mav enioll foi i lee of 50 cents to covci costs of mat iials used Di G H Cutlci and Pi oies‘-oi I D Ma^cl both of the Univcisity staff and WiUis B Combs senioi maiketing specialists fiom the U S Agiieultuial Extension Seivice at Chicago will be on the piogiam
American ’Pharmacy
{Sroap ToM^et Here
Undei the chaiiman^hip of Pi of H G DeKaj of the Univcisitj School of PhainicCj the annual meeting of the Boaids and Colleges of Phamaev in Distiiet 1 of the Ameiican Association of Colleges Phaimacy will be held at the Univeisity on March 31 and Apiil 1 ‘ B V Chiistiensen piesident of the Amciican Phaimaceutical As sociation will be the featuied speakei at a dmnci meeting to be held Maich 31 In conjunction with this a meeting of the student branches of the Ameiican Phaima ceutical Association will be held at the same time
Phi Sigma Kappa
social fiateinitv will hold a ladio dance in its chaptei house tonight fiom 8 30 p m to 11 30 p in
(Continued fiom page 1) the Secietarj of Labor was chat teiing awaj about the efforts of hei conciliation service to end disputes in wai plants ‘ Most of the Ictteis I leccive ciiticiaiiig laboi can be tiaced to business iiiteiests Muiiav sug gested at this point ‘ Don t j ou thii k that this is all pait of a clev cilv devised propaganda campaign bj sonic of the big industiial lead ei s to stii up ti ouble and undei mine public confidence in laboi ’ No I wouldnt go so fai as to accuse industiv of tiving to stii up ti ouble icplied Miss Pei kins ap paicntlv nettled bj the inteiiup tion I m aUo getting a (ot of let teis about j ou Madam feecie tarv continued Murray unper turbed orkers in niv State and elsewhere are not satisfied with vour administration of the Labor Department and franklj would like to see j ou get out Both fat tions of labor aie agreed on this but apparently j ou have not been impressed b> then w ishes Bj this tune the loom was as si lent as a tomb and Muiiav lookin,.. Miss Pci kins squaiely in the c asked bluntlj “Wlicn do '^ou plan to resign Miss Peil ins’ leply vvas a defiant toss of hti head and an angij glaie at Muiiaj That was all She said nothing Chan m in 1 h o m a s stai tied speechless by Muiiaj’s question hastilj came to Miss Perkins’ les cue He changed the subject with a leouest that she submit a jcpoit on the numbci of man houis lost be cause of laboi disputes last ycai • Still Handing 'Em Out One daj last week an aged neat Iv attiicd man leaned on the ma hogan^ lading at the entrance to the old Supreme Couit chambei in the Capitol gazing in^enth at the busts in the wall niches and at the
gieon baize covered bench whtie the tribunal once sat Noting his keen interest Cap itol policeman Edward Banks be gan to relate some histone facts about the chamber ‘The Supieme Court used to meet here Banks began pleasant ly “Those busts you see aiound the wall are of former chief justices, ineludmg John Marshall and othci famous figuies of the past” The visitor said nothing and Banks continued ‘The bench up there of couise IS where the Court sat until 1985 when it moved to the new bujlding across the plaza The old man btgq.n to tap his shoe on the floor but still le marntd silent ‘Many famous decisions were handed down here continued Bc-iiks There was the Drcd Scott ’ At thrs point the visitoi appar ently had heaid enough Tuinina and fixing Banks with a stern eye he said \ opng m'*!! I know all about the Court and those decisions I sat on that bench foi 20 j cars Then bie iking into a boy i h gun foimci Justice lines Cluk MeRcv nolds w dked iw ly Iciving a flabbeigasted policeman bcliind him (Copy light 19^2 by United Tea tuie Syndicate Inc )
If any senior is interested in an inter view with any of the follow mg companies, complete one of the yellow “Reaudst for Interview” cards, a supply of which is in your school office You will be notified by card from the Personnel Office when to schedule an interview Wagner Electiic Coiporation, St Louis, Mo March 30 ME and E E Sign up in Personnel Office Geodynamic Prospecting Service, Indianapolis, Indiana Advanced chemist (with geology) Come to the Personnel Office for additional inf 01 mation , Fostei Wheeler Coip , New York Maich 23 M E General Aniline Works, GrasseJli, New Jeisey PhD in CJiemistiy and a major in Organic Chemistry Come to the Personnel Office for additional information Carbide and Carbon Chemicals Corp, S Charleston W Va C E with a 3 lajoi in the structural as pects Come to Personnel Office for further iirfoimation Corn Products Refining Co Ai go 111 March 27 ME and Ch E Roots Connersville Blower Coip, Conneisville Ind —ME Come to Pcisoni cl Office before March 26 Stimson 4iiciaft Div ision, Wayne Mich—ME Sign up m Pci sonnel Office before March 26 Aubiiin Cential Mfg Coip, Con neisvillc Indiuir ME and \oio nauticils Si n up in youi school office bcfoic 10 wi Piidiy Much 27 r Mat DepI Ab idccn Pi ovum Ground Vbciclccn Proving Ground jVIuvland ME LE CE Si-u in Pcisomrcl Offiti bcJoic o p m Tucs dav March '-t Iioikicc lacliinciv loik Penn svlvanii Match c4 MP and Ch E Come to th Pci oincl Office ini me dr itely
First Of Three Talks
To Ag Staff Mohd^y
Di Frank L MeVey, President Emeritus of the University of Ken tucky, will give the first of three scheduled campus talks at the regular monthly luncheon of the Agireultuial staff Monday noon The title of this speech will be “The Declaration of Independence and the American Way ” Reservations for this luncheon, which is open to all faculty members, may be made by calling 2901 this morning Tuesday evening at 7 30, MeVey will addr ess the Social Science Sem mar in the faculty lounge of the Union This also will be an open meeting He will give his final talk at a Univeisity Defe,psc Convoca tion Wednesday at 7 30 p m in the Music Hall His subject wrll be “The American Way Strikes a Dilemma ’
The executive board of the Student Art Guild announces that the following nineteen guild members are eligible to receive keys in re ward for then service in the past year James Alter, Mdiy K Boyn ton, Sam Clow, Betty Lou Duncan, Bonnie Felder, Viiginia Fox Ann McKinmss, Barbara Noid, Milt Reisman, Eileen Rijenbuigh, Kenneth Stapp, Chet Stoekel, Don Stout and Edith Wilder muth Orders for keys must be submitted at the Union Putter jng Shops befoie 6 pm, Monday, Ma;tch 23 The Board also announces the election to honorary membership of Jim Reeves The board is composed of the following Curly Anderson, chairman of exhibits, Betty Me Caitney, cjiaiiman of little movie convos, Larry Koitz, survey chairman, Ernest Nordlingei, radio chairman and Martha McHaffie, chairman in chaige of promotions
This afternoon at J. p nr the final round of the University budge tournanient will be held in roQijn 262 of the Union Four cups will be awaided to members of the winning tpam , If one person of a team can not play in the last session, his jiaitnei may secure a substitute All such replacements must be reported^^^o the tournament dnector befpte starting time If both membefs gae unable to play the team is disqualified The following groups are elj^ib^e for the fingl rounds, Kusoh <and ^Johnson, Anderson and fcvarjs, Shimei and Wojsley, Rumble npd Dake, Gillette and Laddopj Gardner and Losson, SoutJhraayd‘ fnd M.elzei, Zimmerman a4d Coombs, Pecsok and Kintnei, Pyle and Wasson, Moeller and Pashley, Mpran and Nrelson, Roth and Ev^s, and Stern and Wentworth
Agricullurist Releases March Poultry Issue
IM Schedules
Music Convo
(Contrnued from p^jge 1) W L Standish 4 Ag, B 0 Harris, 3 ChE, P H Watson 3 ME, Vic tor 10 Benedosso 1 EE, R E Condo 1 Ag R G Riley, 3 Ag, C B Middleton 2 CE, D R Mitchell, 3 Ag G S Law lei, PJiysics Dept P J Sobonya 2 ME, G F Baynes 2 ME JR Iiwin 3 Met W S Hedrick 3 ME, W G Sweeney o ME W A. Stovei 3 Ag Further tabulations of the order ot men in the Univeisjty will ap pear in tomoi i ovv s Exponent
Aftermath
W. E. Bartling
Ch L fe his been eiedited with sfiootiim do \ n six Japanese h.3htei planee over the Buinia Road in recent ui battles lie received his flvii., tiainmg with the Navy at Peii'-aeola Fla uid later ob timed a lelei e fiom his ensigns commibsion to join the American Yolunteei Ti-,oi Squadion opciat in^ in Buiiiia He is a resident of New Castle and a nrembei of Pi Kapp i Alpha ■social fiateinitj
miROMZE FXPONENl
ADVERT ISERb'
CHINA and GLASSWARE KITSHEN EQUIPMENT GILLESPIE'S 221 Columbia St PHONE 6405
THE EATING HOUSE COMPLEtE KAMPUS KITCHEN
Vi t \i« Lijuijijitd l« \ uteaiuzi \oiu TIRES
Molor Oil Oil IilUis iiiil t irtiidg Balterit!) ( h I uLi 11 ation
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
1 I oil! V( Jiei 1 K< spoki
iversity Book Store
Davis Slaiidard Service
Phone 5941
Across Troin Union Red Gammons 29 Doc Upple 40
^ju/idwL ^xponsinL
All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at thp post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at tlie spetial rate of postage provided tor in seetion 1103 act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the bummer Session Delivered lotally by earner for $3 50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4 00
jSditOT in ChieX Editor Sporlp Editor
Ned A Ochiltree DubincHs Mannsrer John I Trnukott IVlana^n\^ Editor Phil Johnson Coed Lditor
Publication Staff
AssocjaU F iitors
I Amob J H Armstrong D P Drorhy
I J cb I Cj Ki 1 (r
bporU Staff 0 1 OarU J D I rascr J & Ktelcr t Cued Staff JMary K Boynton Alice ChatOcli Jane Ramedell
C^dtforial Staff J R h Hadhy I
Business Staff Coed IIuHiness Manager Duma Sicsh Office Manager Bo ri( 1 } local AdvcrliKing Managers K K Gjemre R E STxton f irculutK n Manager W T Bell AccountH Manager W D Milla d Juniir Co(d Managers Jean I ronkenberry I rancca Lloyd J ilia Muttin
Phmneii. ^nd Business, 4005, Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 PM 5377
Uuir ictiltd for nalional ailvcrtiBlna by National Advert|sInc S TMct Ji c P blishcra RtprcHcJitatives 420 Midi on Avc New York N Y
Staff JFor This Issue
MirM Editor Hunter Insne RiUUir TJIaikburn
JIai 1 (lilor I auir Spurts jLiJitur buivardi,
Mept rltrs H II i, U II Ha riaukl
Ocliiltii. H ip cm 1 ( la 1 1 Smith Hictti 1 Kai I ick Ki let i
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY
I oeNjiiS 0 KEEFE •ANDEffSON nUNCES MILDRCO CRfC NEAL* COLES •BLORE
— and
SADDlEMAm
•ALSO
KING OF THE TEXAS RANGERS LATEST PATHE NEWS
-SUNDAY - MONDAYLOOK WHOS LAUGHING LET'S GO COLLEGIATE COLOR CARTOON
Official Government Pictures Authentic' Dramatic' The Greatest War Story Ever Told'
FOUR ACES'
wuh PRIVATE C K SLACK APPEARING IN PERSON
Don S Powers lieland W iRuffner Kuth Rose
The onily living p-ivatc holding a Congressional Medal of Honor'
THRILLS AND ACTION Showing our own slate ooys at the battle fronts of Chateau Thierry Ar^onne St Mihiel ■Hindcnburg kine
STARTS MIDNITE PkEVDE tONJTE 11:15
TODAY—"Hard Guy" ,pljus "BuUefs fojr
Opening with an aitiele on Hoo siei egg pioductior bv Dr J H Mai tin head of the poultiy de pa.itment, the lecently leleased Maich I'lsue of the Purdue 4giieul turist has been put out ab a special poultiy edition To be found in the sixteen pages of tljis March edition nc numerous ai ticks centered about the various phases ot the poulti v business “Keeping the Laying House Pull “Iceding Tips ’ “Btoocleis” and “Indiana s Growing luikev Indus try are a lew of the featuie stones 111 the isbUc This months covei fcatuies a full page photograph ot Mamie McNutt daughter of one of the states leading poultiy men gathei nag eggs in the Univeisity s adobe thiclven house
Basketball Monday, March 23 Court 3 7 00 Dovei House vs Westminstei House 7 15 Chauncey House vs Lump House 8 00 PJii Dejta Tljetfi ys Phi JC^ppa 8 16 Sigipa P^vi Epsilon vs Hhi Kappa Psi
M ard j8 w on the ^am^nship ‘ B Basketball, ^apye ,by defeating Ward 32 t, March 19 by a 38 *6
^iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriiitbiiuuiitiiiiiiiiifiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniii|
j dr. A* Irion
dentist-
g 11914 Jilpirfhwe^tern Avo. = Phone 4965
Purdues five winter sports squads averaged nearly three vie tones in loui starts m dual inter collegiate competition during the conpii,,n just closed winning 30 out ol 11 contest^ The Bi^ Ten wrestling champions headed th° Int with 0 out of 7 Coach Waul Lam belts ba^ketb ill team won 11 out ot 20 the swimmeis 5 oi 7 the midwest colle.,iate elninpionship squash team o out of 1 and the tiack squad 2 of 3
umnnsTEi
— LAST TIMES TODAY
MAJOR
LUMA
LAST DAV—^Z HITS
ANDY DEVINE 'north"TO tkIe KLONDIKE" —Pl«5— GENE AUTRY
"HfART OF THE RIO GRANDE"
SUN-, MON.—2 FEATURJS
-Plus
TO IEor OIIT TO ii
FREDDie BAftTROLOMFW JIMMY lYDON Columb a Plcturg
Wgylaid by love lonely old^ maids'
... and when she takes Sullivan for a ride—boyoboy, how - they travel!
JOEL McCREA VERONICA LAKE
000
A Paramount Picture with Robert Warwick * William Demarest Margaret Hayes • Porter Hail Franklin Pangborn • Eric Blore Written and Directed by Preston Sturges
JeeperSf'i they’c* I trapped in a Land J Yacht'
Did hp fpl/, or wai
ht puihed?
Veronica’s on her lait lap-Sullivan'il
EXTRA jOY' NOVELTY ACT
LATEST WAR NEWS IN PICTURES
^ M ^
Starts TODAY
Mmt■S ?V f
€V
j* e J \y
JB^lf^rd0yf MofVh 21, 1^
Pur4u0 ^Exp&mttt
MMMiaMili
-t
t ^r-i 'I t -M > '■d fA
Riv^er 0i«mond Mem
citives jke yestfer<i&y after-
Boihrmak^fs
To SWS
Swimmirtg Meet Hete fdrrfi^
Four Squads To Try For ChampbnMp;^ Hoosiers, DePauw, Indiana State, Mritef$
s^e^t consi|jerable t^me PjOli^limg
tke ^ifrUg^ edges as Fehni^g’s keil^iOr lette^^pan las^ yeai’s slliggprs ^ept busy at the plate fiil- dfhWond teai^. Woody Wajton, mosiajialf Wdiedraepwereworh- the 1941 edi-
Ag Wt, ahd with the Ixish encouo-
, i; Smitii, ^e othei catchei^ Ypung terioosjihg lorApiil 7, strong bi^s ^ijfp^Sghly hojd the ^pot light weie beipg made foi varsity nine with liejfh,e;J: for Boileriiiaker bat-
positipns ^ teiies this season ^
]^ht Moh 5P)>!r lyTound putie,s Dagouts Constructed ^^old and ]61ack pitching pios- The neYest^_a4dition to the Rivp^O^s wdr^ sOme'^hAt Jijjpioved gs etei d^Laraond tg^ni this ye^r a eight men, only one with pievious '’et of two dugouts, leplacing last Bivetei expeiience, howevei, took yeai’s benches foi the host and visthen turn? at the mound Walt iting teams Giving a much moie Leifheit, junior pitchei with plenty picfessional touch to the diamond or hurling ability developed fiom behind the Fieldhouse, the dugouts last yeai’a pitching duties, heads vvill seat aiound 60 men—SO foi the giGup iPhil Petiich, sophomoie, Pehiing’s baseball squad, and 20 boasting plenty of independent ex- m the visiting team’s dugout peiience, is expected to develop Also piominent in yesterday’s duiing the season Walt Cook, last practice was the addition of about year an iith^ldei on the F^hung- t$n haid^workmg school boys who coached squad, shifted to the mound, are vying foi the title of “bat boy” and Tony Beito, football ace, was on the Boileiipakei nine BalJ lehlso out foi pitching position Ed tiievmg, bat liandhng, and waterMisselbope, living Claseman, Bob caiiying, sum up the duties of the Baker, and Chailie Sciipps, all squad’s industiious juveniles This sophomores, complete the lostei of year several will be held by Coach hurleis Pehring for the position, a change Behind the plate with a glove fiom last year s policy of using
full of experience was El me Young, only one
FREE KODAK* CHE^K-UP 25% OFF'xJn R^PAflrS UNflL'MAY’l
• Bring in your camera and let us check it over, clean the lens, and make minoi adjustments free of charge Jf rejpai^s are necessary to put it in first class working order, we 11 gladly give you an estimate in advance All woxff. wjfl be done by experts, and until JMay 1 repair prices will be reduced by 25% Take advantage of this unusual opportunity now Bring in your camera today. FOSTER'S CAMERA SHOP 411 State — West Lafayette
First And Last On opposite sides of the same desk in the su.me ofSce m the FAeldhquse sit two of Purdue’s outstanding coaches, Dick Papenguth, swimming mentor, and Herman Phillips, track coach These men have been close friends singe coming to Purdue, and even are partners m n summer cajnp for boys which i? in a beautiful hidden Canadian valley They plan to run it together But to get on with oui stoiy, both of these men are between the ages of 36 and 44 and legisteied in the last draft in Pqbruajy Two days ago the results of the diawing was announced Dick Papenguth was number two and Herman Phillips got the last number in the local draft board Believe it oi not ► Assisting Fehring—Then Uncle Sam Bob Bailey, former ace Boiler maker pitcher and more recently an up and coming professional player, has been helping Coach Dutch Fehring with the baseball team since the beginning of the practice H^e is awaiting his induction into the Deck OfRceis’ Training School (V-7 program) on l^lay 28 Bob had two contracts this year, one with Columbia of the South At lantic league, and the other with jBiimingham of the Southern Associa tion, both of which he had to turn down for the uaual regsop He’s been jvoikrng mainly with the Boilermaker pitching staff, and doing a swell Job of it ^ Perhaps Great Lakes He has been approached by the Great Lakes training school to become a member of the team they are building for the summer, but has not decided finally whethei he will accept or not It is rumored that several bjg league players will be on this team Bob Feller arid Henny McCoy will probably be two of them If Bob accepts he would prpbajbly also play vith Einie Andies, former Indiana basketball and baseball star
*»
► Last TDay For Nominations Today is the final day in which nominations for the Exponent “Atb lete of the Year” award nay be made The final selections will be made next week ► AAU Swimming Meet Here Today i Coach JDiek Papenguth predicts some good races for the state tour ney here today in the rreldhouse pool Outstanding men and women swimmers from all paits of the state will be on hand It will be the last action of the season for the Boileimaker swimmers for they will not enter the NCAA meet this year
World Rocord Made, Two Tied At Chicago Meet; Riveters Place
Coach Papenguth’s sq,ua(l of marines pull their grand of the swimming season this afternoon in the Fieldkoup when they play host to the Indiana Intercollegi^ meet In addition a portion of the swim will be devoted to op^ events in 100 yd free style, backstroke and breaststroke in fancy diving which will be run off under AAU regtdaliMir.
an natfolOOl
Patty Aspinall, woman
Buy Defense Bonds And Stamps
k 5
Ahout--niE UNION
lor
Dancing Eating Bowling “Joeing” Lounging Browsing Puttering
fiWtduJL TybMjfimL linJmL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
By Phil Johnson,
Exponent Sports Editor
Chicago, IJl, March 20 —
(Special to Purdue Exponent) He went over easily at 14 feet AAU breaststroke champ, wllf —Famous athletes from all 8y2 inches and again at 15 feet 2 appear on the roster of perffitm^. parts of the United States who inches, but the bar totteied and fell No Preljnunanes ^ ^
control 16 world records com-
, , 1 , V, J, inches, killing his chance of raising thirty this afternoon Thejre
petea nere tonignt in tne the world indoor record of 15 feet no preliminaiues, the number mammoth Chicago Stadium 7% mches trants for each event has be4n hjirbefore ^ a record track crowd Purdue’s one mile lelay team rowed to two, thus ehminatmg She of 15,200 spectators to break finished a close second behind Min- time taking procedure of prefi^iope world record, tie two more, Papenguth predi^eted and nut five new Chieaffo Re- despite a desperate attempt the field to be made up of at le^t ^ At, u 1 ^ anchoi and Boilermaker track 50 contestants from the fc^ ^1lay records on the books captain Burt Anthony to close the leges in the state that baVe ^nt World’s champiop pole vaultei gap m the final few feet Bill ^n entijes for a chance to compete, Cornelius Warmerdam, the^only Banoker, A1 Arnold and George including DePauw, Indiana Stete man to deai bettei than 15 feet, Aichej ran with Captain Anthony Teachers, the Fightin’ Hoo^ipts wept 14 inches above the best mark in the event from Bloomington, and the Boiler-
of the other contestants to win the FieosWolcott tied two of his own makers evept at 16 feet two inches Latei world recbids in the 50 and 60 yard Patty Aspinall To Swim
on the California school teacher hurdles clipped a second fiom Xwo highlights of the meet jtbjs made three attempts at a new his foi/er woild record in the 40 afternoon will be the appeaipijM world’s record 01 15 feet nine yard /high huidle event Bob of Patty Aspmall, Coach i^peninches, failing by a hair’s breadth WiigM, Big Ten diamp, fell down guth’s prodigy in the field of femin his thud and final attempt ((Continued on page 4) mme breaststrokers, pnd the raqe
in the AAU breaststroke betufp^ Johnny Dilley, ex-Boileimak^, pnfi national AAU champ and T^Ic^is Eppley a flash in the backstroke
from Chicago
Other swimmers in the fray ^his pm who will bear watching are gof Heidke, fiosh breaststroker of tlm Boilei makers, and Cook, an excellent 440 man from DePauw, Pakuck of the Hoosiers who swiips in most any event and does excellent work in them all, Holderman, a fiosh diver who wnjl be a gjicat asset to Coach Papengutfa’s souad next season, and Savage of the Hoosieis, who boasts the talent of both a diver and fieestyler Boilermakers Favorites The Boilermaker squad is the favorite to cop the event today, howevei , not all of the squad perfonwing for the Gold and Bladv wUl be varsity stock This gives Ahe weaker teams a chance to commercialize on enough events among themselves to peihaps seriously imdeimine the Boilermaker attack
Casey Fredericks, Big Ten Wrestling Cbaini), Enlists In Marine Corps; To leave Mrly First
Casey Fredericks, captain and outstanding performer on the Boilermaker wrestling squad which won the Big Ten title, was formally inducted ipto thp U S Marine Corps last Thursday, as a piivate, first class, and assigned to the officers’ tiainmg school at Quantico, Va, where he will report for duty on May 1 Fredericks, who was undefeated in dual meet competition during his entire collegiate career, won the Big Ten 128 pound champion last weekend in leading the Riveters to the con feience title
Due to his enlistment in the Mamies, and the piessuie of time m winding up his scholastic work be foie leaving for Quantico, Fieder icks has given up plans to compete m the National Collegiate cham pionships which will be held at East Lansing, Michigan, next week Na tuially, this will be a severe blow to the Boilermakei chances, but in these times Uncle Sam must come
fiist
Graduates Next Month A bettei than average student Fiedeiicks will receive his degree in physical education next month Following the completion of a thiee month training period at Quantico he will be commissioned as a second lieutenant in the U S Mai me Coips
''SENTIMENTAL SPRING"... On to the tea-dance, cocktail party or theatre You'll look charming this spring in a pastel Bengaline jacket with a ruffly front peplum over a dark crepe skirt
Dress Shop
Second Floor
1
U)UL Soon. iBiL ^(sM, And its appiroach heralds *the season of bright spring fashions. The Exponent and its 11^- ^ vertisers are % review of these s%^^s throughout this Look it over, and select your Spring Wardrobe Shops of the / EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
i
j
i
J
m fi I
<1 If^iigi 4
Purdue Exponent
Saturdayf Mtitrch 21, 1942
Sjl JhSL Chwvdhsidu Inncrsitj Presbyterian Church North Street at Giant Street John Findley. pastor and dii ct toi of the 'Westminster rmindatum Joanne Lloyd, orjiamst lira Chasi. chon directoi 9 30—Di Goidon H Giavcs yyill conduct a discussion gioup in llic lounge, and they Mill study the de velopincnt of the gicat tiuths of lohcion thiough the centuius when llio Bible y\.is coining into being This IS a laie oppoitunity to )Oin a gicat Bible tcachci in c\plonng the gieat Book 10 30—The M01 ship Mill stait at this time and l\Ii Findley’s scimon subnet yyill be “Being oi Seem mg’” The chon will sing “Sweet Is Thy Mei cy, Loid, ’ Msi leii le Wil Iminson singing the solo 5 4fi—The Sunday eyenmg elub ■will meet foi suppei in the Rcci cation Room Folloyy mg the meal Dean V C Fiecman of the School of Agiicultuie yyill speak to the students His topic yvill be “The Chuith Faces the Student ’
Two Universit'y Students Enlist In Army Air Corps Haloid M Tones, bophomoie m the School of Tiades and Industiial Engmeciing, mcl Stanley 0 Moiiison, a tieshman m the Physical Education School, hiye enlisted m the Aviation Cadet Section of the Ai my Coi ps This announeement yvas made le tenth by the Ay i ition Cadet Ti am mg Boaid No 1 located in the Cential YMCA Both men weie gneii fin lough upon enlistment and will be oidcied to an Avntion Cadet School at a latci date
Draft
csl Lafayette Baptist Chuich Rev Joseph Band Gleason IMinister and PaMor of Students 9 TO—RogeP Williams Cluli Class —J B Gleason, teathei On Paia hies of Jesus 10 30 -Chuich Woiship Seiyiee “,Jesus 111 the Shadow of the Cioss’ by J B Gleason Mut-ic by the Chon—Selections fiom “The Cm ulixtion ’ 5 30—Rogei Williams Club Fel lowship Houi—-Conducted by the Student Chiistiati Foundation 6 00—Suppei 15 cents G 30—Discussion Gioup— Speak ei L M Heais on “Some Thoughts and Advice ”
(tontmiied fioiti page 1) lilt Uiiiveisity Oichestia yvill be lepiesented by a iiiaiimba tiio yyhich yvill play “Tales Fioni 'Vi enna Woods The nicmbcis of the ti 10 Dons Hamilton Betty Maui ott and Baibaia Heide, eoiistitute the peicussioii section of the oiehes tia Quartet 1 o Sing The final gioups of songs yvill be sung by the quaitct of the Men s Glee Club Menibei s of the quaitet aie Maiviii Smith, fiist tend, Ray Fiiencl, second teiioi, Tim Chase, baiitone, and Joe Richaids, bass Mana-,eis of thiee of the Musi tal Oi gani/ations aie meluded in the quaitet Smith is managei of the Glee Club Fiierid selves as man agei of the Univeisity Chou, and Chase is managei of the Conceit Chon The quaitet yyill smg “Soldieis of Foi tune,’''“W’^intei Song” “I ye Been Woikin’ on ele Railioad” and “My Bonnie ”
The cslty J oundation ,, f Snndav Program at the ’ Fust Methodist Cliurth (Ceirner Chauncej and South) 9 30—Tlnee Student Cl isse's 1 “Ihe Tjife of Chiist y\iU le tsuglit by Dean BI h Fishci Dtaii of Men 2 “Undei standing Ouisehes” tiughtby Ml J C Fianklin 3 “The Meaning of Piayei ’ taught by The Rev E R Ealsley 10 40—Morning W’oiship Seiyiee Di 0 S Steele yvill use as his theme “The Eternal Cio^s This IS anothei m a senes of pio Eastei rcivices Miss Lois Cofinng y\ill sing a solo and othei speei il niusii yyill be fui insheel by the Chon 5 46—W’esley "Vespei s The guest speakei foi this seiv lee yyill be the Rev Doyle Mullen pastoi of the Fust Chiistian Chuich yyho yyill use as his theme ‘The Iteligion of A Healthy Mind ’ At this seiyiee the panel of offieeis loi W’esley loi next yen yyilt be submitted by the Nomiiiatiru (ommittee The election yvill take ]ilaet next Sunday W eslej \espers Serviee This next Sunday eve ning at W i s lev 'Vespei s, the Sunday eyeiim-, group meeting of The Wesley I oundatioii the panel of iieyv W’esley ot fietis yyill be submitted to the gioeqi by the iiommatnig committee The election of these otliecis yyill take place at the \ cspei sciviee on the tolloyynig Sunday eyeniii-. As a special featui e this Suiidiy eyenmg the Rev Doyle Mullen pas td ot the Fust (hiistian Chuieli of Lafayette y\ill be the -,uest
speakei Mi Mullen yvill ceiitei his piesentation and discussion aiouiid the theme “The Reluioii of A
Tlealtliy Mind ”
FolloMiiig the legulai discussion Doc Co/e
peiiod a eieative yvoiship seiyiee 1 as been phnned aiouiid the theme “Getting Along With My Room mite No student yyill want to
miss this Vespei sei\iee
llivelers Place (Continued fiom page 3) twice in his attempts to beat the foi me 1 Rico Institute star, nevei finishing 111 the fiist tlnee positions
Summaiy
yi’( l( Vmill Won by WnrmiKlHm (Sun I lunti ( ) Olvmpir Club) Pjulwiiv Pebtlil Ml 1(1 )W ti (I for siiotui Hii'ht IB feet I !n(!u'4 (New uln\ ulohI bttt is oil nun) f Ift feet ( 14 iruhts Iv rail Min
I \vs in ))
'lO Y inl Dish Won 1>\ Ihonipson (id B C il\ N J 1 liiimcr (hwa) secon 1 Ihtniis (Michijrnn) third lime 01 4 (lies world and h lav leCoiel h hi hv Ben J hn in (Columbin) 10 Ytiid Il]u:h Hurdle Won hv Wolcott (Rici) Jllaei (Michijrnn Stale Normal) e )ihI Smith iWi'sC nsin) third Time 0 0 (New \V( rid ucend betters rcc ird of 0)1 set Iv A) loJmich (Detioit) in 1030) 1000 Yaid Kim W i bv Michcl (Inli Ml) Ltnover (I(\ol ) bccond V n/ke (\YA( ) thirl iinu 2 1 Mi Iw Mile Run Won by Rue (NYAC) D Us (Bsten AA) s l )J 1 MtCluskiy (NYAC) thud rime 8 1 Universilv Two Mile Kclav Won 1\ Till n IS (Dm n Sitb Kcllcv Rehleri) In di ii n ecoiid MiehiLin third lime 7 15 0 (n w lel \ ICC rl betters ell receid of 4( et I \ Miehiu in in 1 >11) Unnei ity One Mili Reliv Won bj Min i ela (lelinson Mnrwit I und Junes) I 111 1 i second 1 mie 3 ') ) III li lump Won b> Milne (MicliiLHi) Will Cl (Ohi)Stat ) Reurle (NHk Dime) Ihn 1 UciLbt r feet 3 inches Th Binkers Mile — Won bv Kane (Ind) Leinc n (Asbiny laik N I ) *'CCond Me hi (Mill )n Wis ) Ihu 1 Time 1 20 1 fO Yard Hurh Hurdles Won b> We 1 cotl (Rice) Smith (Madison Wis ) see nl H 1(1 (MuhiLM State Nermil) thud lime 0 2 (ties wuild ind iclay ice)id hell 1 \ Wolcott) ) '^ard Dash Won by Ihemp’-jn (Jer ev Citv) M iiphv (Nctre Dame) second lainui (Iowa) thud lime 0)" Ui 1 crsitv Mile Reliy Woi b\ Mcstein MieliLan Tcachd College (\c nl nmi (lum Kcrwin Celeman) Butler seeoiul M u 1 cite thiid 1 irn 3 211 U iveisit\ Mile R In—Won Iv Wi^eon in (Iliy lowle I imlert Stalford) Chi U ecenl low i third lime 6 31 0 Y ml Dish M in b\ Ihcmpsen (Jer tv f jU ) I aimer (I wa) second Mmphy M tr U{ ni ) thii 1 lime O'" New re hn i c rd 1 it 1 Id tin f 0 3 t bv M It I Gie 1 t MSC > in 1) )) 0 Yird Hiuh Huidles W n Iv W hoH (I ice) III k1 (Muliu n St t N imal) ( nl Smith (Wis ) thud Inn 0( 1 (leiuils weilel retiid he lel hy Wilcitl) Ui ne itv Mil K lav W i I v N ti Dim (R N r 1 liL ivpVi beinewe) Ohm Hit s cond Induna Ihnel lime 3 1)’’ IN \ I V r ( 1 I 1 tt 1 tune of o ( el 1 Ohio Stai in 1)0) W)0 \nd Run Won bv Cechran (Gient Ik) B eth n (Cclunibis OI ) second Ur tM eh ) thii I lime 1110
WnnUiI ] ull time Fi(riioA:rni)ltcr nnd jrcMcrnl ofTicc asRiMtaiii Purdue hackground preferred Apply hy letter Ex|)oiicnt Ilox No 1
fypcvvrllcrfl Adding Machines all makes old rented lepiiired and jmicliastd Mime oLrupli woik done ( I LberslioiT 006 Main Laf lye tte Phone 2770 lost Gold riii^ with Stjrtna Chi rust Initiulb JMC iiibidc Rewuid Gall 2JG2 lor bale Used poitahle Underwood Ivpe wiltei elite tvpe Lxeellent tondilion Phone (5402 Students vvitiubsinL accident in fi mt of Uni n Me ndnv vcninc aftei (onvo please phone 61421 Martha Zufnll
Notices
Purdue Outiiijf Club Ihcie will bo a bike bundiv Maicb 22 it 2 i m it the Arnie r\ Call Gill Htnnu at 2J07 oi Jim Covert at 8421 Coi rebelvalions - IILNNIS Senior Cadet Officers Sun up iimmedi itely on dvaneed eourse bulletin beau! for appointmeiitb to have pietuub taken
JOHNSON
Alpha Zcla Pledges And Actives Bniuiuet dale changed to Ihuisday March 20 in loom 303 of Union because of late eoiiflict on University Calend ir Pledge tests und initiation will be Wednesday March 25 Pledges contact Dicbslin foi nation il and local constitutions —SWAIM Condition 1 xaminntions 1 xanis in AM -1 ind AM 22 will be Liven m loom 110 Htavil n Hill on Situulav Maieb 28 fi in 1 to 4 Peimil^ may l)e el tain d in the main office of Hcavilon Hall
-POORMAN
Alpha lambda Delta ried^rin^r seivieei will be held S it n lav Mareh M it 1 pm in reeni 2o2 of the Umoi I ve i y meinl i be then MaeDONAIl)
Ceres PledRes* See Weathers for Ceres Bulletin as Boon as possible
—WEA1HERS
C E 21 Mukeiips Examination to leniuvc Card I Kradoa in C‘L 21 (stKses) will be pivcn in loom J01 of the Civil Bulldiiiff from 14pm Saturday March 28 ihlsc con cerned contact me at once SONLbON btudrnt Senate Important meetlii}r lues duv Maich 24 at 7 30 p m in the Student Senate olficc All membcis atic expected to alte nd —DU30S Student Senate All members of the Sin lor B)aid will meet in the Senate oifice at 4 p ni luesdav March 24 DIBOS Student War ( ouncH MeetuiK Saluidiv March 21 at I pm in the Student Senate Oniet -DIBOS All EnffinceritiK: Bnnciuct Committee Meetinj? luesdav Maieh 24 nl 8 pm m Union NOIHMANN 1 Iving: ( liih ( lul) k( vs have ailived Aiiv one wibhlUL tlieiis now mnv phene me at 30 J 3 IIABICIU Dolphin CIiiI) Inipoit nl tneeluiL lues dav March 21 at 4 15 in roe m lOt of the ruldliouse Iveivone )>l use attend to dw (uss banquet and election of officers and tel m captain — HLRR Radio Club Meet luesdav Maieii 21 at '* P m in loom ) of the CL Uuildinj-. i>ouia will be locked at / 1 j MU I S S( A I >11 w MIL ident li»ort t the SCA leiom of the Union Morulav Maieh 2 3 nt I pm Ruth Custer Lawunce Bojie i Dominie Mini 11 le n I umpkin Pennv I e n niiiBton Clniei lundberL Paul Rcla loan Beckfier Phyllis lenvtlle Anna Shivtlv Jim UibiULh Lelwniel Humphiev and loa cihMeLivei ) ~rRU^X PCh New (nbinct R tre it iilanniiiL hesyion Siitiaehv Maieh 21 in slalT re om of Libriiy Meet at fi >nt entrance it 1 30
pm Iveivbxlv be Iheie SCA Board Bond March M at 30 i
of the Union
etiiiL ein lucseliv n the S( A re m
MOGAVERO
Carolt Lorabaid Jack Btnnj and Charles Ilalton discuss their troubles yy ith the Gestapo in this scene from the Ernst Lubitseh comedy, “To Be Oi Not lo Be,” al the Lalayitte Iheatre Buy Defense Savings Stamps
A Workers ( he Mu h " lie avail ible 1 xee itive BUR
ks fe 1 pe n I e iidii ir it ej shi r s (fic in HOI I LNSBI
I’uidue tlnistian 1 oundation bunday Fiogiam at La+iyette ( Imstiaii Chuich Gth A Noith St 9 15—Catch iidc fioni 1j1 S Giant 9 30—Student Class Mi Damon head of the Peisonnel Dept yyill teach Celcluate the Lenten season by youi piescnce 10 40—Chuich Woiship Scivicc The SCI inon the Rcy Dovie Mullen \yill pieach is entitled Hcie I Stand'” Celebi ite the Lenten sea son yyith youi iiiescnce 5 16—Assenihle at 1 >1 S (riant to go in Iiody to the W L lay t tte Baptist Chuich Building lot loint meeting yvith the Rogei Williams Club 5 TO—Evening pio„iam ysitli the Rogei Williams Club Reci cation comes betoie the 15c Suppei \yhieh IS seived at 0 00 Pi of Seais ol the Histoiy Dept is the speakei ol the evening Cckbiate the lenten season thiough youi piesence
and the Theta syvimming
team yyeie supposed to battle it out in the Women’s Gym tank last nuht foi campus honois in the 20, 40 and 00 yaitl lice style laces hut the meet y\as jio tponed be c uise ol the coed bid daneo in the Union Doc says lie is pie))aied to meet the Theta syvimmeis at any time and that in the neai futuic the
meet yyill be held
Skitiiifr Pnrtv llu Luthcuiii St i lent As sociation of Aniciua will hold i si iliiur party at M ii Ic I ml Monday nn.lit Mui 1 ^ Cals will I avt the ust (k i I tl Union it 7 1) All diivtrs will be Liven i fre ticl ct Evciyonc welcome biniL v ui friends \NIAL I rcshmnn I nLintcrs Meet for I iiLinecr iiiL Iictuies Sitmdiv M irch al 8 i ni bv scliools Stuknts who c n ihil 1 Lin with A r (itul) Room 2 4 LF Biiil Iiul (second floor ketur room) I I (in 1) Room 12 > LL BuildinL Ii R (mcl) i m 201 Cr BuildinL S/ (mcl) lecluie nem in Michael Goleki Shops I it stuknts will not 11 idmittcd RNAiP Skull »nd Creseent Ml pUdLes and le h es m t It Lh R s \ 1 Stidium W 1 nesliv Mneh ’ it S ) m PkeRes brin„ I a I 11 fl 1 liLht tl >t I [ II d I e 1 oil MI NRl
Kci
( lul) V
licit i 1 imi 11 nt
u tl ,4 II i ni 301 f tl Uni i lue dav M i h M it It I m Please note chanLe in lim in I di v Also i k isc be picse nt inel pi mpt I leelLc how up it 30 this time r iv -RUIFNFR
Attractive ck>thcs are important to Courage, Confideucc anti Iligh Morale! Crown cleaning will keep your clothes aliractive. OsewM Lauidhy
Top of the Hill
Eveiylhin^ f<n a ColUge Ediif alion DEAC’S
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD ] RISK — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th jnd Main St Lifaycttc
Gold-
Perluntb $100 to $10 00 Bau de TotletteS SI 00 to $3 00' Talc, Bath Pow 1 dtr »nd Sachet ] 55c to $1 75
> : FOLLOW ME
id the ^raari
id cfCaAts
lafancc^oCuiti
A truly remarkable value .','7 to introduce you to this haunting scent, inspired by the rare green orchid, that issues an almost irresistible
royal command.
MY MOMMY DONE TOP ME
THAT WHENEVER I LOSE SOMETHING THAT I NEED GREATLY, JUST CALL 4005 AND ORDER A
A
ADVERTISING PAYS
CLASSIFIED AD
IN
Xf2j04ieni