Ale/fon Entertains Music Hall Crowd Tenor Signs Music Hail's Celebrity Guest Book; Sings 'Shortenin' Bread'r 'Schubert's Serenade'
By Peg Steffes
Before a crowd of approximately 3,000 last night in the Music Hall, James Melton, leading tenor of the Metropolitan Opera Association, sang a varied program of numbers designed
to please almost every musical desire.
In a costume correct from white coat to maroon boutonniere, the debonair tenor upon his first appearance explained
welcomed changes in the program, saying with a friendlysmile, “After the intermission.
Established 1889
Xft04iem ^ Who Started What?
Volume 56, No. 26
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, \|une 26,
Officers Arrive For V-12 Prosraill
Comm. Bartley Will Head
ril tell you where we go from
there.”
Melton’s smooth -interpretation of “M’Appari” (Like a dream), from Martha” was well received by the audience who even more enthusiastically approved of the encore “Water Boy”, a Negro spiritual. He seemed to be in his element when singing spirituals and lighthearted folk songs, such as “Loch Loitiond” and a gaily sentimental
Mexican serenade ly enjoyed ditties.
Spirituals Are Favorites
Captain Mundwiler University Sells Sixty To Recruit WAACS Test Steers At Meeting
For Signal Corps
Navy Units Stationed Here
To Hold Interviews; List Requirements
Indiana Cattle Feeders Association Conference Features Talk By Cojcfief
Captain C. E. Mundwiler, officer in charge of WAAC Signal Corps Training, Fort Hayes, Ohio, will be
both thorough- in the U. S. Army Recruil^ing Office,
219 Federal Buildiffg, Lafayette, on Tuesday afternoon to discuss this
^ , ,, ,, , , program and to personally inter-
gppei am^s view any women who may be inter- on the subject, “Some Current
Livestock Problems”. He said.
Requirements for this training -persons having suitable feed are the same as the requirements „ . ,
• 1 hn . f v .ndi the WAAC. The training will be growing cattle have never cores were wisely chosen for audi- . , „ i t, ,• fnimrl tViP timp wlipu thp nrn„nno .nnonl Tho nhvipn« ev- Siyen at the Signal Corps Radio louncl tne time wnen tfte pro-
School, West Virginia Institute of duction of good cattle has not been Technology, Montgomery, "'West a prosperous one. Cattle raising not
Virginia.
Initial Three Month Course '?he initial training course will
require a period of approximately three months. Upon successful completion of this phase of the training, trainees will be eligible for assign-
Sixty head of steers were valued and sold yesterday at the annual meeting of the Indiana Cattle Feeders Association held at the University. These steers have been-on feed since last November, in a study of the affects of different amounts
of corn on wartime beef production.
W. A. Cochel, editor of the Weekly Kansas City, spoke to the feeders attending the meeting
German Blitz Tactics Revealed In War Film
in winning
with “Witness,” a spiritual, and they really wa'rmed up to him after tbe beautiful Shubert Serenade. En-
Eds Go Aboard Shown At Fowler Hall gAIC Offers
ence appeal. The most obvious eX' ample of this was “An Explanation,’ a very lively tone poem—“especially appropriate for a coed col-
lege,” said Melton.
Fridhd Of Gershwin ^ Other encores were “Shortnin’ Bread”, lilting “Ah, Sweet Mystery of Life” and the soul-stirring “Let a
Song Fill My Heart.” A cowboy ^ent to one of the following special song, “On the Chisholm Trail, was operator, radio
a popular treat. After the regular program had ended with two encores and demanding applause for more filled the Music Hall, Melton good naturedly smiled, “Don’t you
people ever go home ? ”
Selection from “Porgy and Bess” by George Gershwin were made to seem in Melton’s own style, for he was on tour with Gershwin when these numbers were written. Robert Hill is to be commended for his excellent accompaniment and for the smooth playing of several classical piano numbers, in eluding Chopin’s Prelude in B fiat and the difficult Brahms Intermezzo. He Was rewarded by applause
for several encores. Signs Guest Book
During intermission Melton signed the Music Hall guest book and added his photograph to those of the many other celebrities having appeared there. “I have a rubber stamp that says Sincei-ely that clips ’em off by the hundreds,” he jokingly inferred. After the convo he was I'eceived at a reception in the Union Faculty Lounge. Home Improvement Organization Closes For Duration Of War Better Homes in America, which moved its headquarters from New York City to the University campus in 1935 will be closed on June 30 for the duration of the war, it was announced today by Presiderit E. C. Elliott of the University, who also is president of Better Homes in America. The headquarters of the organization was moved here when extensive housing research work was undertaken by the Purdue Research Foundation several years
ago.
“We are more convinced than ever before, if that is possible, of the importance of an organization devoted to the pi’eservation and the improvement of the home, the family, and the community values that we cherish,” wrote President Elliott in a lettef announcing the action. “We aiv not disposed to let such an organization die, but the circumstances of war make it necessary to discontinue for a time its activities.” Better Homes in America, organized in 1922 was formed to stimuate interest in home improvement. Herbert Hoover, then secretary of commerce, was its first president. The organization has scores of local branches throughout the country with these local groups conducting their own “Better Homes Week” and similar campaigns each year. Mrs. George K. Wells is president of the Indiana state organization of Better Homes in America.
I'epair-
man, radio telephone operator, or teletypewriter operator. Training will continue in these fields for another period of about three months. Salary for trainees will begin at the rate of .$1020 per year plus overtime payment for time beyemd 40 hours per week. In addition to this payment an allowance of $6.00 per day for the first month, and $3.00 per day for the succeeding months
will be made for subsistence. Graduate Sends Home Jap Medal
During a mopping-up process in Guadalcanal, Lt. Eric J.-Wadleigh, a University graduate in.1939, discovered a Japanese medal which he sent to his parents in Indianapolis.
At the same time he found consid- paul Thompson President erable material for the United Paul Thompson of Clinton is States Army intelligence seiwice, president of the Indiana Cattle that included an up-to-the-minute Feeders Association, with Guy Wil-
illustrated manual about United
States aircraft.
Lt. Wadleigh is a member of the field artillery and has a brother, Gerald, who is in the Signal Corps,
Ship 'Hilarity' Tonight, WRH Going on board at 8:30, the last crop of boys left on the campus due to enter the armed services the first of July, will be entertained at the Women’s Residence Halls, Saturday
at a semi-formal dance.
Invitations to the coeds bid dance are now being distributed to all the residents; theme is “Board the good ship Hilarity and have a hilarious time.” Similarly, the directions will
be in nautical form.
Eddie Mack and his orchestra from the Illinois campus will provide the music for dancing in the
Subsidies”, a subject on which he recreational rooms .of North and
South Hall. Refreshments will be
only aids in the fertility of the soil but is a most necessary for food; in fact, it is the biggest contributing factor to prosperous and permanent agriculture.^’ Mr. Cochel was a member of the animal husbandry research staff at the University in 1906 and started the cattle feeding experiments at
that time.
Discusses “Ceiling and Subsidies” Another of the principal speakers on the program was C. L. Farrington of the Indianapolis Union Stock Yards and former president of the National Livestock Exchange. He discusses “Ceilings and
is well informed since he has participated in the fight to prevent ceil-
ing prices on live animals. In his address he said, “The regu-
lations and attempts to conti’ol the prices of livestock has had a very discouraging affect on producers all over the country and unless uncertainties are cleared away, the total food pi’oduction progress will be sure to suffer. Livestock producers must have assurance if the coun-
try’s needs are to be met.”
Hall Grill.
Social committees of the various halls are in charge of the,dance; chairmen of the committees ai’e: Pat Patterson, Cai’yl MacDiarmid
and Dottie Gohman.
SOX To Honor Two At Annual Dinner In Union Tomorrow Tomorrow night the Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic fraternity,
mal husbandry at the University, will hold its annual banquet to hon-
son of Kokomo, vice-president and Prof. Frank King, head of the ani-
secretary-treasurer,
H. F. Schricker . . . governor of the State of Indiana, has reappointed three Uni-
Conterence
versity trustees for three year versity federal-state seed control terms starting July first. The ap- laboratory. They are E. R. Clai'k pointments are David E. Ross, who will be chairman. Dr. F. W.
President of the Board since 1924; Quackenbush, Allison E. Stuart, Lafayette attor- Foreign seed
or the members of the University staff who won the Good Teacher and Leather Medal awards for the year. The banquet will be held in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union
at 6. —^
This year’s awards will be presented to Prof. W. T. Miller, Good Teacher and Prof. Frank C. Hockema. Leather Medal Award. The
and A. S. Cai-ter. presentations will be made follow-
importations, lend- fhe dinner.
Officers to direct the Navy Training Program which will begin here Monday, July 5, have arrived on the campus it was announced yesterday. These men will help direct the new program which will involve 2,225 men—1,250 in the Navy Training Program and 965 in the
Army.
Commanding officers for the entire unit will be Commander H. J. Bartley, who has been head
of the Naval Electricians Training School,
The officer in charge of the V-12 group will be Lieut. Commander T, M. Kegley. Lieut. Commander Kegley was in the U. S. Naval Academy during World War I until he completed his course and saw duty in the war. He later graduated from
Southern College at Birmingham, Alabaiha, and obtaipe^,;^ master’s degree from Peabod:^ College. He served as prineipal of a Birmingham school for a number of years and chine to this University from the Naval ROTC at Marquette University.
Assistants to V-12
He will have under him Lieut. Robert O. Fulton as executive officer; Lieut. C. O. Wells as educational officer; and Capt. E. M. WhiK>le, who will’'be in charge of the 4S0 marines in the V-12 program. Lieut. Fulton has been executive officer of the naval training school at Batter University. Lieut. Wells was foormerly on the faculty of Wisconsin State Teachers’ College. Whipple is a graduate of the school of joona^ism of Boston University and has served in the Marines since 1940. Assisting with the Marine program will be Gunner F. W. Hupiiert, U. S. M. who will act as Capt. Whipple’s executive officer.
Senior Medical Officer
Commander F. W. Thompson who has just returned from twe yeira’ medical duty at an advanced base will serve as the senior medical officer of all naval trainees.. He will be assisted by Lieut. H. L. Bergo, who has been here for some time. Lieut. S. Jakubs who has served as the naval dental officer will -Continue his duties for the entire ifiiit. Director of physical training will be a former Notre Dame bask^bafi star, Lieut. F. P. Butorac. He hak been on duty as chief specialisi at Norfolk Navy Yard, at the midshipman’s school at Notre Dame as physical training officer, and at tho University of Kansas where he directed the physical training pro-
Two documentary pictures, “Divide and Conquer” and “The Battle of Britain” were presented Thursday evening in Fowler Hall under the/auspices of Colonel Johnston of the Civilian Protection School at the
University.
The first, “Divide and Conquer”, depicted the double meaning of the German maxim. The resistance of each victim was first broken down by planting rumoi; mongers, and persuading men in responsible positions to turn traitor. Then by radio, newspaper, and the movies, class hatreds were aroused within
the country. When the time was and algebra) and one year of a col-
New Training For Women
General Motors, Allison Division of Indianapolis, announces a training program for women to prepare them for work as technicians in engineering and manufacturing
fields, to begin on July 12.
Qualifications include two years of college training, and specify one year college math (trigonometry
ripe, the Blitz would begin and the second meaning of the phrase “divide and conquer” became evident. As the German spearhead advanced, the opposition was divided up into small pockets which were kept in check to be mopped up later after
obtained and served in the Wood the main objective had been ob-
tained.
The second feature, “The Battle
lege laboratory science. Also required is one year of high school
physics.
The training course will be given at Flint, Michigan, and will last three months. The women taking the course will be paid during their schooling, but will be expected to
pay their own expenses.
^ A representative of the General
of Britain” documented the re- Motors organization will visit the peated Nazi attempts to take the University next week to explain in
greater detail about the course, pro-
British Isles. The stumbling block was the RAF which inflicted time and again terrific loses on the Luftwaffe. It was during this period that Winston Churchill made his famous remark “Never have so
many owed so much to so few.” J, Emmett Hall ... Civil Engineering graduate of
the class of 1906 and a former trustee of the University has been
vided enough women signify their interest by calling the Placement bureau before next Monday. War Department , Announces Drafting Of Advanced ROTC Advanced ROTC students who
named chief of the production and are not under contract or who have facilities division of the Indiana dis- been under contracts issued on or trict of the War Production Board since March 1, 1943 must register
... on seed control will be held in Chicago today which will be attended by three officials of the Uni-
ney; and Dr. Kathryn McHale of lease seed purchases and interstate The featured note of the program Logansport and Washington, D. C. shipments, as well as Indiana offi- will be a round table discussion by Dr. McHale is executive director of cial and farmers’ samples are ana- many faculty members attending, the American Association of the lyzed and reported from the labora- on the “Principles of Good TeachUniversity of Women. tory. / ing”.
at Indianapolis. Hall has been connected with WPB since November in 1941 and lately has been in charge of the redistribution division. Faculty Notice To Members of the Faculty: The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, June 28, at 4 p. m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT
President
with their selective service board
and become subject to induction on the same basis as any other student in a purely civilian status, according to a recent memorandum sent out by the war department. This means that there will be no more ' ROTC students under advanced course coUtracts in the University after holders of present contracts have left the University. The selective service director has been informed of the above action by the War Department.
Off We Go
Officers Take On Added Duties Several officers of the electrical training school will take on add^ duties. Lieut. O. Johnson will act as first lieutenant. Lieut, (j.g.) LC^ Somers will become welfare officer for the entire group, while Ensign E. G. Woodward will serve as service officer. Ensign J. W. will be security officer for the groups and Ensign H. W. Martin will take over the duties of supply officer for the present and incoming
groups.
Ag Conference Elects Elliott
Fraternities Move Out For Army, Navy, Marines; ouh Pr^de^ Double Up, Rent House In OrderTo Stay Together
* By W. L. Wendell Moving fevei hit the University scenes in most of the houses now ways than one. nity friends here is where they will Sigma Chis, Acacias have taken this today like a freight train going is plaster all over the floor, paint The cooperation of the fraterni- be hibernating. Theta Chi will grace step. The remaining few, Beta Thedown the eastern side of the Rocky dripping from the ceiling and people ties not losing their places of abode the halls of Pi Kappa Alpha, Phi ta Pi, Phi Delta Theta, Delta Chi,
Mountains. Nineteen of the 35 fra
ternities on the campus are giving precious belongings and a few up beloved homesteads to the Army, things that they think they can hide Navy and Marine students who will for the new occupants, begin their Specialized Training Everything from shanks mare to here July 1, wheelbarrows are being utilized in At the present time no house on transporting various articles of the campus looks as if it could pos- clothing and equipment through the sibly be in shape by tomorrow, the streets of West Lafayette. Yester-
running in and out carrying their is showing how all the Greeks can Kappa Psi will be found in the Kap-
pull together when the occasion de- pa Sigs, and the masculine version
mands. Many of these more fortunate houses are going all out in the aid of their brother “frat” men. They loaned their pledges, cars, moral support and even some of the actives pitched in on the great migration. But the greatest contribu-
of the Pi Phi’s, Pi Kappa Phi, will live under the same roof with the Sig Eps. The Alpha Tau Omega’s are moving just a block or so to
Theta Xi, Alpha Chi Rho, Kappa Delta Rho will room all over the campus but will continue to operate laer.
C. H. Elliott of Angola was elected president of the Indiana Vocational Agriculture Teachers Association Wednesday at the final session of the 29th annual Gonferettco in progress at the University shseo Monday. He succeeded Bruce Hasdy of Scottsburg in that position. Other officers elected were: Paul Bateman of Garrett, treasurer; J, L. VanCleve of Franklin, assistant treasurer; R. S. Bundy of Rena^-
president; and Harejd
as a group. A Duty and Privilege In spite of the great work in-
deadline for complete evacuation. Of course, the University’s last minute demands for having this loom plastered, this window fixed, that hole boarded up, this door knob washed, that biick removed and a few other such requests had nothing
take up residence in the Phi Sigma volved and the loss of what has beKappa house on Waldron, Phi Gams come “home” to the great majority and Sigma Alpha Epsilon will take of fraternity men, they all feel that
day an old Model T was seen chug- tion is the offering of a roof to shel- over the Theta Tau house, leaving it was their duty and privilege to
ging down Vine street carryingbookcase, four beer bottles, two pair of pants and three dirty socks. The driver ran along side—no room. The most preferred mode of transportation, and all agree on this, is
at all to do with the last minute pledge power; and those poor guys scramble to get out. Typical of the are really taking a beating, in more
ter the wandering Greeks. Many of the Theta Taus a room or two, the give up their houses for the boys the remaining houses are now sport- Lambda Chis are moving in with who man our guns and ships, ing new tenants on the third floor the Sigma Pis, and the Phi Kappa Incidentally, don’t forget the big and patching up old grievances to Sigs aie joining the Sigma Nus. party across town tonight when the live under the same roof. Several of the other fraternities moving’s done. We won’t drink a Here’s Where They Are have rented rooming houses and old last toast, but will toast the time So one may keep track of his or co-ops in order to stay togethei-. when we can all move back in again hers, as the case warrants, frater- The Phi Kappa Taus, Phi Kappas, and take up where we left off.
Taylor, re-elected seci-etary. New director* elected for the three year term were: B. H. Lot^khart, GreentOwn; Glendon Seacs, Sweetser; Walter Webei% Norih Terre Haute; ahd J. R. Reese, Golumbus. At a business meeting of the ten year club, Adam Bowtes, Brasil was named president to succeed Ro S, Bundy, Rensselaer, while Fred Disque, Alexandria, was elefet^ vice-president, and Dr. S. Gtdmer of the University was'named MOCe-tary-treasurer.I
\tT.^^,^< *7“ T^l ** -
Purdsie Expohent
Saturday, June 26, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Edifbrial And businect Purdue Memorial Onion, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377 HoUoraiy Editor Wiiliam G. Hoskins Honorary Editor „?• ®“‘* Hdnoiary Business Manacer .Gerhard B. Klouman With the Colors
iBdtfor.. Business Manager S ews Editor anaging Editor. d^'sertislng Manager Bpdr^ Editor.... ^Bditor...<n.
Robert W. BoswInHc Mary Dilts iSaily Bcali .Donald E. Brewer A. Jane Kcim Joseph S. Dawson Jean Laner
ty
*■' Pliblication Staff
Editorial Staff
Aiisoelate Editors t H. B. Abbett, .C. C. Martindell, E. F. Murpliy, W. H. Tyson, W. L. Vermilion. C. J. Wilbur. Coed Staff: Ruth Ford, MadeJyn Gro|ies, Katherine Howes. Sports Staff: B. M. Lopes, R. J. Smith, C. E. Sowards,
Business Staff
Assistant Advertising Manager: C. L. Gaunt. Layout Director: J. B. Tabb. ‘ ' Circnlat^ion Manager: -S. G. Sauerman. I The Purdue Independent Edit«r-in-Chief....: Bert Squiet Staff For Tfiis Issue Night Editor: Vcrmiiion Sports Editor: Smith Par Editor: Ford Isane Editor: Ford Reporters: Stcffes. Erb. Kropf, Helffrich, Margolis, Baynes,
Jbmeson.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, .1879, and.at .the special rate of postage provided for jn section 1108, act of October 3. 1917, authorized .Tanuary 20, 1922. P.ublished on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings durthe year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily ' by carrier for 81.25 for a semester: by mail for $1.60 for a s'ernester. Subscriptions may be obtained at -the Exponent office dr at the West Desk of the Union. Represented for national advertising by^ National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madisoh Ave., New York, N. Y.
qii,
GRIN* AND BEAR IT
By
university Loses, fipt Fraternities We’ve been asked to clear up some of the Bifsbinderstood agreements among the Navy, University, and the fraternity houses that the Navy is going to take over next month. Some of the fraternities think they are getting a raw deal. V The ^complaints Of some of the fraternity men seem to be: (1) In the East the fraternities are getting higher payments then here. (S’VThe University is making the fraternities paint, plaster, and repair rooms which the h[avy would be content to leave as they are. (3) The University is making money out of the deal. The facts of the matter are: Payments to fraternities all over the .country are based on the values of their houses. AU fuel, telephone, gas, light, and repair bills are. paid by the University which is reim- > bursed by the Navy for their expenditures. For the use.,p.f their houses the fraternities receive four per cent of the value of the houses. Uach organization also receives from the Navy ten per cent of the value of the house for depreciation. If houses in the East are getting higher payments, it can mean only that the fraternity houses in the East are appraised higher. ‘ The University has no interest in forcing theTraiternities to do any work on their houses that the Navy doesn’t demand. The truth is that when some of the Navy officials looked over the houses they were appalled at the condition of some of the rooms. They made it-known to the University what work they wanted done on the houses before the Navy wouldjEioye in. The University- is sinjply relaying the Navy’s wishes on to the fraternities. The University would be relieved of much pxtra work if they had never heard of the plan. It is not conceivable that the University is .going to go out of its way to collect more workhy demanding unnecessary efforts of the fraternities. The University is really losing money on the transactions. Every bit of the money the Navy pays to the University, the University pays out for expenses at the fraternities; moreover,, ttie Navy is not paying the University, for the extra work connected with making the'payment. R. B- Stewart, University controller and the man who helped set up the femula which the government is using all oybr the nation for making fair payments to organizations voluntarily renting their houses to.The services, assures the fraternity men that the University is not chiselling.—r.w.b. ^ood Teaching Sigma Delta Chi once, again is sponsoring its annual banquet for the promotion of good teaching at Purdue. This banquet, the remains of the once-famous gridiron banquet of several years ago, has been given by Sigma Delta Chi annually to let the instructors and students of the University get together and discuss the principles of good teaching. ,*Iii these times of speed and super .study, teaching i.s far more important than ever before. With pages rolling around at a rapid rate, the students has little chance if not guided by a competent instructor. With this in mwd, the main topic of the round table diseofision after the banquet Sunday will he how these principles of good teaching can be called iipoh to aid the students of a waring nation. With this Sigma Delta Chi has taken an-
ty DREW PEARSON , - . ■ \ v\ ■ "v -.f tf.V-v-Congress Gives Byrnes Goin4g4)Ver Rogar-ding Jnvostigal’ioiis; Brazil Not Likely To Recognize Russia WASHINGTON—Ex-Justice jimniy Byrnes has been and still is extremely popular on Capitol Hill. Long years in the House of Representatives, then in th^ Senate make him undei’stand the Congressional point of view. . Early this week, however, Jimmy got a friendly but pointed going-over from some of his ex-colleagues, 'The incident was significant because it points the finger at one sort spot on the home front—bickering amo:ng high officials. Two weeks ago the Assistant President roused the ire of the Truman Committee by urging publicly that Congress cut out a lot of its investigations. The Tr.uihgn. Committee Has done a painstkiding and statesmanlike job of investigatibn, and when some of its members resented Byrnes’ statement, he sent word that they could come down to the White House and talk to him. They sent word back that he was quite familiar with the street car lines to Capitol Hill, and he could come up and talk to them. This impasse ended in a compromise. Byrnes finally came up to the Senate, but as the luncheon guest of the Truman Committee.’ The session, although friendly, got a bit hot when Byrnes was asked why he was opposed to Sena.torial investigations. Who Confuses Most? He replied that investigations left the public confused and went on to explain in some, detail how. the public heard one side state its case at Truman Committee investigations, then the other side, until they didn’t know which side to believe. “It all makes for confusion,” concluded Jimmy. “Confusion,” snorted Senator Brewster of Maine. “I would like to know who is causing the confusion around here?” When the Undersecretary of War makes a public statement that we dont’ have enough high octane gasoline and must curtail rubber; and then the Rubber Czar Mr. Jeffers calls him a damn liar, just who is the poor public to believe? Who created the confusion.in that case? And who was it who finally brought the Undersecretary of War and Mr. jeffers up here and knocked their heads together ? The Truman Committee. “And y^hat kind of confusion results,” continued Brewster,l“when Chester Davis, who is supposed to know all there'is to be known about food, comes out , and says that his way is the way to handle food, while Prentiss Brown and the White House say he’s wrong? Did the Truman Committee or the Administration cause that confusion?” . Before Justice Byrnes could really reply. Senator Wallgren of Washington, a Democrat, took up. the argument. “And what about the millions the Army is spending on camouflaging these (censored) war plants, painting them all up with the most intricate and expensive camouflage, and theniputting barrage balloons over them so the enemy will know right where they arc? Did we create that confusion?’ ’ “Also what about our investigation of the W\'ight Acronautical engine plant at Cincinnati?” interposed Senator Kilgore of West 'Virginia, another Democrat. “The Trumaii’ Committee cainsed no confusion there. We investigated the thing vercy quietly, said absolutely nothing to the public, and even issued a reassuring statement to the public at the request of the War Department when the story leaked to the press.” The debate continued all during the lunch hour. Jimmy Byrnes smiled and took it. But at the end there was no doubt about whether Congress would continue with its investigations. Capifal Chaff The Japanese Embassy and grounds are being carefully cared for by the neutral Spanish Embassy. , . . Youngest diplomatic, chief in Washington is the new Ambassador of Colombia, Alberto Llei’as, 36. He was Speaker of the House in Colombia at 23. . . . Twelve-year-old Mary Alice McClellan, daughter of Senator John L. McClellan of Arkansas, rises at 6;80, for two hours of piano practice before school..' . . Manpower shortage has caused substitution of women for men at the telephone switchboard of the FBI. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.^
other .step along the road to good teaching at Purdue University.—w.l.v. Debris Comes Through We were up in the Debris office the other afternoon looking over some of the material that’s going into this semester’s yearbook. The new, Debris will have several novel ideas worked out in it that the prolific staff has thought up during the last two semesters. Inside the front cover will be a Kodachrome shot of the campus, and it’s really a masterpiece. Some thoughtful student got the idea of repre.senting each school in the book by a picture of an instrument familiar to that school. For instance, if we remember correctly, there is a pair of shears for the Home Ecs and a transit for the Civils. Then in the senior section there’s been a big change—more writing and less pictures. The way Annie Stinson, publicity director for Debris, explained it to us was, that way hack when George Ade wrote articles for the Debris, it was mo.stly copy and very few pictures. More and more pictures crowded the copy out of the book. The picture-copy ratio hit an all time high in the last few editions of the Debris. The tendency has now shifted, with this year’s publication, back to more com. We’re rather anxious to see how the new home will look when it gets all put together.—-r.w.b.
r
m
A A.,a
19IT Chl'-.'iee I
J3y Jack Abbfitt
A eo.al truce is a nice thing, especially when only sixty per cent of the miners decide to live Mp to it aiid retjarn to wdrk. Th^ only possible :answer to the refusal of forty per cent of the miners to return to work is that Lewis has not -directly given the order for full speed. If these miners have refused to return to work ;because they just .,,, mT"-.. : ' —’..'if" don’t want to work, they vihat they have been doing to the should be given a nice long Germans and what they Will he swing in the arhiy, but a re- able to do to the-Gei’inans. .The iRusfusal to obey a John L. Lewis sians^have been reporting that they order could only mean that the planes m a ratio of almost twenty miners have lost confidence In their pne; and that they have been leader. This, however, seems very v^inning practically every battle
unlikely.
-X-X-
The allied propaganda agencie?
that has been fought with the Germans. And yet these successes refuse to call forth a giant offensive
“I’ll be back in a jiffy—I got so little to sell my customers now, j^^aybe the time for just talking
that I just rush ’em over to a quick lunch joint.”
Jhi
PoaL
have dealt in turn with an invasion the part of the Russians. The of Norway, France, Spain and For- Russians might possibly be waiting tugal, southern France, and Italy, foj. the allies to make an attack Now it appears that the Balkans gj.gt^ tj^t this seems very impracar.e in for their siege'of invasion tRal when you stop and realize that jitters; and the Germans, believing the Russians only have a few that it is always best to be prepared, pionths more of summer and the have again moved their travel weary allies could possibly start an attack troops t'o the Balkans. Where'the „„ the Mediterraneon coast of Eu--allies will focus their invasion guns rope at any time of the year. The next is a matter of mystery, but answer is still to be found, but it
might possibly lie in the Presidential message to Stalin that was de-
livered a short time ago.
—X^X—
The island of Sicily and the Italian mainland were promised the same kind of attack that was given Pan-
yasion is over and action is the next course. If action is to follow, the Germans are undoubtedly worried over just where this action is going to take place. They have the uncomfortable feeling that came to
a nickel’s worth of cigars and none of the brothers will be left out.
—E-P—-
In writing his farewell editorial Napoleon once-upon-a-time concern- telleria, but as yet nothing has Come for the Indiana' Daily Student, the iiVg where the “dumb” British would jt. The Italians are still resting editor-in-chief remarked that the attack. ■ somewhat comfortably in their tivo outstanding events on the In- , —X-X— homes and are subject to just a diana University campus this se- Summer is slowly passing and certain amount of inconvenience. If mester were the War Bonds and still the Russians and Germans re- attack oii Sicily is going to take Stamps: election of six prom queen fuse to start something on a pvevi- place in the iiear future more bombattendants and the establishment of ous summer’s scale. This fact is ei's will have tO-b,e in the air in a dog pound for Bloomington. Docs hard to understand, because the short time, and this need any comment about the Russians have seen for over a year the sooner the better,
dog’s life they lo*ad at old 1. U. ? Pleaded the Indiana Daily Student in a recent heart-rendering editorial, “We requested last semester that our old beloved wood and steel friends, the campus park benches, be placed again in their traditional locations on the campus greensward. So far, the campus is
totally benchless.”
So' far as we can see, since the
Students at the University of Kansas estimate that it costs li!67.25 to put out a pin—which would cer-
tainly cramp some people’s style' summer crowds always seat themaround this University. Besides selves on the ground between that, at Kansas the cd doesn’t even classes, and other times, anyway, get to put the pin out himself due the Bloomington brats want those to thc'custom that he just hand the bcnche.s for other purposes, And pin to his prospective jiin-girl, and they don’t need benches.
she has her best coed friend do the actual pinning. The estimate of the total sum is oBtained by figuring up these items: Candy for the pinning dinner at her house, $7.50 ( for the best); an Orchid for her to wear, $5; gardenias for the housemother and the pinner, $4; and a celebration trip to the big city, .$20 (with champagne.) —-E-P— Students at Michigan State College go to the opposite extremes when it comes to putting pins, out, reports the Michigan State News. In East Lansing they believe in simplicity, for all that is involved there is the pin itself and cigars for the brothers. With the manpower situation being the way it is now, however, they figure that they can get
-E-P— , ' It could only happen in Oklahoma, according to the Oklahoma Daily when the completely severed head of a snake bit Harold Dundee, arts and sciences junior from Tulsa. In the process of skinning the snake, Dundee let out a loud yell and displayed a finger, definitely snake-bit. He was treated for snake poisoning, and his comment after
five days in a hospital, was “Perhaps Ripley Can figure it out.”
—E-P—
“Hardly a week passes in the spring and summer without some little shower or thunder storm. . ,. admits the Daily Iowan. What to do about it? They suggest raincoats and head rags in a “Look Fashion-
able” column.
We suggest bathing suits.
—E-P—
In a burning letter to the Editor of tljc Daily Californian, griped ed.s complained heatedly of the wilted flower of campus womanhood. “First we have women on our .sports staff! Next we will have intramural wrestling between the sororities. After that Panhellenic representatives coaching our Varsity football team.” Completed the frustrated eds, “Our future is in
peril.”
Buy War Bonds
STARTS MJDNjTE REVUE SAT. 11:15
Chills an.d'Chuckles, Frenzy and Fun Run Riot as Those Tenement Terrors Close in on Boogie Man Lugosi GHOSTS ON THE LOOSE — with — THE EAST SIDE KIDS BELA LU.GGSI
TODAY CORREGiDQR — with — ELISSA LANOI OTTO KRUGER DONALD WOODS
ARC
— LAST TIMES TODAY —
— and,— three MESQUITEERS —■in — ^VALLEY OF haunted MEN'^ — ALSO — .the mm mmm
— PLUS-J PATHE NEWS
SUNDAY - MONDAY .aw — and •
*WHAT <
VoWNI
— ALSO —
DISNEY CARTOON
psmsBi omsBiai Mst/l'&lEH , “•rtO’BRIEN o«.%lOVETTSaturdajf June 2o; 1943
]3oth¥M)d1ier iMSrts
i -
CONGRATULATIONS X TO THE % '! , f J LETTERMEN
t ^
BIG TEN ^ REVISES ELIGIBILITY RULES
k % E
/* ii I A t • I ii lAf Four Runs in Seventh Guy MBckoy Announces Spring Letter Winners i^Q^j^pp vi/in, 6-5
Twenty'■Six Major ‘P’ Awards Approved Letter awards to the members of the Boilermaker baseball and track squads for the season just closed were announced today by Guy Mackey, director of athletics, following approval by the insignia hoard, ' ' ‘ The 16 major letters awarded to the members of the.basel^all squad which won 9 of 3^stars included the first “service
award” since the start of the .
war, George Leftwich, of Gin- and Paul Davis,, Baltimore, Md. The cinnati, Ohio, pitcher assigned only two freshman numerals , j, -NT , m • • Cl 1 1 awarded were won by Walter to the Naval Training School, Ovefland, Mo., and Jerry winning a major Left- Jankovie, Cleveland, Ohio, wich, who has had no previous The complete list of track awards
collegiate experience before coming follows*:
here as a naval trainee, turned in MAJORS—George Archer, Fort several neat mound performances Wayne; James Ashwell, Advance; for the Boilermakers. The 19 year William Mancker, Basking Ridge, old youth completed hlS training N. J.; Wesley Calhoun, Farmer here last week and has already been City, 111.; Charles Duesler, Albion; assigned to duty. Bayard Harvey, South'Bend; Fred Four In Service Kinder, Indianapolis; Robert LivFour other major letters were mghouse, Plymouth; Donald Mcawarded to members of the base- ^ey. West Lafayette; Spiridon
ball squad who were called for mill- Flint, Mich,
tary service in mid-season, includ- Minor Track Letters
ing Bill Burghardt, Wheaton, 111.; MINORS—W. J. Harrer, SpenRoger Claseman, Clinton, la.; Ed Lynch, Warsaw; R. L. Ehlers, South Bend, and Henry 5y[annfeld, Indianapolis; D. M. NewStram, Gai’y. ^ man. South Bend; W. K. Price,
The remainder of the major Monticello; F. J. Guppenbbrger,
awarded in baseball went to Tom Batavia, N. Y., senior manager; R. Burger, Dayton, 0.; Irving Clase- Quick, Delphi, and J. M. Dunn,
ihan, Clinton, la.; Paul Friend, Indianapolis, junior managers.
West Lafayette; Wallace Irmscher, preSHMAN NUMERALS—K. Detroit Mich ; James Jennings, jjaute; W. E. Blum, Gary; Jack Kelly, Wolcott; John York, N. Y.; T. C. Capehart, Kennedy, Lorcyn, Ohio; Aaron Mar- Indianapolis; H. R. Dettwyler, Pit-
tin, Washington, III.; Ed Missel- xt t -n^ tt* i
t Tr 1 ,1 11 rn- -r. N. J.; E. E. Ericssoii, Kokohorn, Kendallville; Ed Iimm Whit- j j ^ mg, and Charles Wright, Edwards- Bloomington, 111.; R. N.
port.
Minor Baseball Letters
Kilpatrick, Fort Wayne; R. E. Lindlblad, Indianapolis; R. K. Maj-
Fraternity Tennis Competition Enters Final Round Of Play At least one team has reached the final round of play in both the singles and doubles competition of Fraternity Tennis. In the doubles tourney. Delta Chi was the first to qualify for the final game when they defeated the Alpha Tau Omega combination in three sets, 2-6, 6-3, and 6-1. Delta Chi will play the winner of the Phi Delta Theta-Alpha Kappa Lambda battle in the early part of next week for the Fraternity doubles title. Beta Theta Pi and Sigma Alpha Mu are scheduled to play a match next week for the Fraternity singles championship. The Beta Theta Pi team entered the final round by virtue of victory scored off the Delta Upsilon team. Phi Kappa Sigma bowed to the Sigma Alpha Mu team thus permitting the latter tb qualify for the finals The Intramural is attempting to ol'ganize a singles tourney for the Ward players. Entry sheets have been placed in the locker room of the Fieldhouse and outside the Intramural office. As soon as a sufficient number of contestants enter the play, drawings will be made to determine the first round matches. IM Schedules Sigma Delta Psi Tests to be given Monday evening at 4:30. Report at jumping pit. Running High Jump Broad Jump
IM Office Extends
Faculty
. Committee
Time For Goff Play y0(e5 Jg Lower
Big Ten Eligibility
Minor letters were awai'ded to or, Evansville; L. M. Nielson, William Keller, Madison, N. J.; Evansville; D. F. Smith, Hammond; Sterling Keyser, Fort Wayne and D. C. Swager, Fort Wayne; F. L. John Martin, College Corner, Ohio. VanDeman, Milwaukee. George Heidenreich, Cincinnati, Qhio;,>’\^.iJliam Spieth, Chicago, 111.; Try An Exponent Classified!
The final softball game between the Wards will be played Monday evening on^Diamond 1 with Ward 6 playing the winner of Ward 4A & Marwood game.
With the coming and going of the armed forces tending to upset the lives of many on the campus, the Intramural department realized that it would be difficult for many who were planning on entering one or both of the golf tournaments now in progress to play the qualifying round, and have made it possible for these students to enter the competi-
tion.
The final date for the qualifying play in the All-campus tourney has been extended from today until July 5, at which time the contestants will be divided into flights of sixteen. The four-man team fraternity golf competition must be completed by July 10. Two fraternity teams are to get together and play their round of golf, and turn the scores over to the Intramural office. On July 10 the two teams that have the lowest score will be notified to play for the championship. Sigma Chis And Lambda Chis Put Out Of Playoffs In the semi-final contests of the intermural softball tournament last Thursday night, the Phi Kappa Tau’s defeated the Sigma Chi’s in a close game, 2-1. In the other contest, and a very rough and tumble one at that. Army A defeated the Lambda Chi’s by the score of 12-8. In the Ward league, the only game played Thursday night was between Ward 5 and Ward 12. The final outcome saw Ward 5 on the large side of the 11-10 score. In another semi-final ward game played last night, Marwood was defeated 6-4 by Ward 4A in an extra inning battle.
By Marc Ogd^ In the final game of the fraternity league last night Phi Kappa Tau beat Army A, 6-5. The Phi Kaps got a total o-LlO hits to the Army’s 13. Bob Hodapp was the winning pitcher and Appleby was the loser. In the first inning Konigstein, shortstop of Army A, led off with a long fly but it was caught by O. Meyer. Gibson, second baseman, followed him with a
To Reach
IS
t ? I
A CLASSIFIED AD
• '
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
The Boilermakers as well as the other schools in the Western Conference were assured of a better chance of fielding a football team next fall when the faculty representatives of the Big Ten voted to waive all basic eligibility requirements for the duration. In making this revolutionary decision, the faculty committee bypassed the necessity of rewording Conference by-laws merely by making the word “intercollegiate” ineffective. “It has become obvious that for the duration intercollegiate athletic programs are to be essentially activities of the armed services,” said Prof. Ralph W. Aigler of the University of Michigan, chairman of the faculty committee. “It is the sense of the Conference that the widest possible opportunities for participation by the student bodies of the member institutions in competitive sports should be made available, particularly as a means of preparatidn for their most effective contribution to the war effort. Considerations Not In Force “Many of the conference rules of eligibility are the outgrowth of considerations which have little, if any, force during the present emergency. Competition during the war period sponsored by a college or university shall not be deemed intercollegiate’ as such term is used in the conference i-ules and regulations.” About the only eligibility requirements remaining intact were in respect to regular enrollment as a student, and non-receipt of compensation for athletic participation as a member of a team. Faculty To Control Eligibility The faculty committee thus left scholastic requirements for eligibility up to each school and indicated the possibility of relaxing them to broaden the scope of participation in keeping with the main objective of training men for the armed forces through athletics. The Big Ten lifted its ban on use of
double. Blackburn, the third baseman, connected for a triple, Gibson scoring the first run of the game. Harrison, the catcher, was safe on a fielder’s choice and Blackburn scored the second run. Custer and Ferchow filed out leaving Harrison on first. In the Phi Kap’s half of the first inning Bickel was put out and Pochplski, the short stop, was safe on a single. Newhauser and Shultz both filed out. No Score In Second In the second inning May struck out to start the inning. Bean, the right fielder, then hit a double. Appleby, the pitcher, hit a short ball which was caught by Thrasher, the short center. Short, the short center for Ai’my A, struck out. The Phi Tau’s second inning was uneventful the first three men being put out. To start the third inning Konigstein and Gibson made outs, Blackburn then followed them with a double to his credit. Harrison was next up, and he also hit a double, Blackburn scoring his second run and the team’s third run. Custer made the third out to retire the side. The first three Phi Tau’s made out, one struck out and the other two fling out. Blackburn caught a sure hit by Hodapp to retire the side. The first man up in the fourth filed out. May, the first baseman.
freshmen in varsity sports last winter. The resolution also was regarded as the definite approval of the Conference for use in sports programs of enlisted reserves assigned to the universities for specialized training. There are many examples in the Big Ten in which last year’s football stars have been stationed in navy and marine programs, on other campuses. For instance, Elroy Hirsch, Jack Wink and Fred Negus, members of the great Wisconsin eleven last fall, have been ordered as reservists to Michigan for specialized training and Will be eligible to play football for the Wolverines.
t\evi
I ^
thi* . does not dries /rod « ^ lt^is the soap '"ffor a »/•»"
plus tax
got a hit and due to an error on Meyer ended up on second. Bean singled With May scoring. The score now stood 4-0. Appleby hit into a double play retiring .thg ^ide. The next three Phi Kap’s 'made out in order. Army Leads 5-0 The first two Army men were out in the top of the fifth. Gibson bit a long ball out into right field, the right fielder Kohjeldt went back fast but dropped it, Gibson going to second and Kohjeldt being charged with an error. Blackburn, next on the batting order, hit one in almost exactly the sam espot, the same thing happened, he ended up on second, Kohjeldt being charged with a second error and Gibson scoared making the score 5-0. In the Frat boys part of the inning the first two batters made out. Then Kohjqldt got the first walk of the game. Thrasher followed with a high fly that was easily caught, leaving Kohjeldt on first base. Hager Hit Double Custer, the first man up for Army, made out. Ferchow then followed with a hit into left fidld. May, next up got a hit putting FercBiJw on second. Bean was safe on a fielders choice. May being put out on second, and Ferchow advancing to third. Appleby then filed out leaving Ferchow on third. Hager opened the Phi Tau’s sixth with a double Which was assisted by Shorts error. Meyer was out advancing Hager to third. Hodapp, the pitcher, got a walk and both Hager and Hodapp were driv* en in by Bickel’s double which he tried to stretch into a triple, but he' didn’t stretch enough and was put out on third. Pocholski was next up but made out, retiring the side. The score now stood 5-2. Then came the fatal seventh inning for the Army. Shoit started it out with a single, but that was an far as he got because the next three men all made out leaving him on first. The Phi Tau’s started their half of the seventh the same way, with a triple. But instead of the next three men making out the next, three men all got singles,’and the fourth got a double. This ^ing of hits scored four runs making' the Phi Kappa Tau’s the 1943 Fratecr nity baseball champions by winning their final game 6-5. Army A 201 110 0—b 13 5 Phi Kappa Tau 000 002 4—6 10 9 Notice ' ’ Student life guards are need*^ for the Fieldhouse Pool dipi])^ the following hours: Mondi^, Tuesday, and Friday 4 to 6; S®turday 2 to 6 and 7 to 9 p. Leave names at the Intramural check-out window. ! —CLEVETT. ■v ^Notice 5 * Paul Davis and James MitcfMdl have been elected senior basehatMl managers and Dean Bouton has been elected junior manager. —SPIETH. Robert M. Stone . . . former student of the ‘Uiilversity and member of Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity, graduated lecettfer ly from the Naval Air Traitihif Center at Corpus Christ: snd'whd cennraissioned a second lieutenhlit in the U. S. Marine Corps Reserve. s Penalty Day& Friday, July 2 and Tuesday; July 6 are penalty days.' A’ilhs* dent who is absent from Oh either of these two djtys jWilJ; hh assessed a fee of $5.99 fpr ^ch day or fraction there vi mlisstid.$OMikw.&dh!dL,
^0 4
Purdue Exponent * . A
i \ ^ ^ f *^ ■ Saturday, Juliia.26, 194^
^ <
YWCA Hears 9n. JJul
H. D- Lindblom, Dr. A. A. Smith
Yesleidi\ afternoon at 4 <jf nieet3nK of the Young Womens Chiistian Association was held jn the MUsic room m the Union The meeting was opened by Doithea Du Bois, piesi dent of the oiganization These meetings aie open to the public and aic held seveial times duiing the semestei Yosteiday’s piogram included a shoittalkbj Di A A Smith, of the division of Education and Applied Psxchologv Di Smith gave a biief but mteiesting talk on “Musical Appieciation ’’ He emphasized the value of music which aids not only in the cultuial development but also IS an impoitant factoi in mental leai ning Di Smith then intioduced Eev H D Lindblom of Darwin Mmn Ee\ Lindblom is an accomplished pianist and also has the aptitude foi several otliei musical instiuments He ]ilaved seveial pieludes by Chopin and one of his own composi tioiis He was lequested to play his piece again in the encoic The meeting ended with a few woidb by Di Smith Union Will Hold Mixer Honoring Last Civilian Week End So long civilians heie comes the Navy' This Satuiday maiks the last of ficial civilian week end foi many Univeisitv eds although week end festivities will no doubt continue all week long Theie will be just one Mixei as usual on Satuiday night It will be like the Mixeis the seniois ki ew when they weie fieshmen— same band Mauiy Mahn, same time 8 30 to 11 30 p m same puce, $1 10 same place Noith and South ballrooms of the Union and piob ably the same decorations Theie will even be lemnants of the same old jgang
QhwvdhsA, University Presbyterian Church North Street, Near Grant 9 30 Student Class—Di Giavcs begins a new senes of discussions this week 10 30 Moining Woiship — The pastoi’s theme will be, “More than Is Requiied ” Ed Fithian will be the soloist at this service 6 00 Sunday Evening Club—Suppei, a Social Houi and a Discussion Wesley Foundation Sunday School at the Foundation 9 30 . ^ Chuich At The Foundation at 10 45 in the Gieat Hall Di Steele will pi each Scimon “Chi istian Education ” 5 16—Picnic Meet at Wesley Foundation Destination will be exposed then Refreshments will be
20c
Vespers will be held aftei the pic me IS over ‘ Religion and Music’’ is the topic chosen by Robert Tebbe for the Lutheran Students’ discussion Sun day evening The group Will meet in the Faculty Lounge of the Union at 7 30 p m Everyone is invited to at tend this meeting Diploma Fees For ROTC Students Students in the second year Advanced ROTC who finish their class work on June 29 and are candidates for degrees at the end of the Summer Term are ad vised to pay their diploma fees before leaving This fee ($5 00) must be paid before August 10 —RALPH B SI ONE, Registrar Prof. H. Haze!ton and Mary Scoville of the Women’s Physical Education Do paitment left Wednesday to attend a Physical Fitness Workshop at the Umveisity of Wisconsin The work shop with Miss Hazelton as dis cussion leader will last a week
^napp Outlines Study Program For V-7, V^I2 Frosh Dean Knapp addressed the freshmen now in the University who arc members of the Navy V 1 and V 12 Reserves, outlining the courses for the coming 16 week terms Thursday at 4 p m To the 35 students present he explained the curiculum, advising them to maintain a passing average when studying under the Navy program or else prepare to enter active service Ho spoke to the effect that the engineering freshmen would have the chance to finish the four 16 week terms while pharmacy, agriculture and science students might not be retained for the complete program Members of the program are to report at the Navy office in Cary Halls any time after Sam Thuis day, July 1 Dean Knapp said that the Navy would probably not be able to outfit all members of the program on July 1 but said that they would be settled within a few days Students who are now in the first semester of their freshman year and in this piogiam will start their courses again Marion kussell of the Women s Physic il Edu cation Department has recently re turned from the ton day annurl Na tional Aquatic School held by the American Red Cross at Culver Military Academy The school with its enrollment ol 200 men and worn en was liigei than any held piev lously due to the eniollmcnt in ac cident prevention and first aid classes Elton L. Johnson ’42 graduite of the Univci sity with an M S degree and a for mei leseaich assistant in the agii culture school has received his commission as second lieutenant in the Medical Administrative Corps at Camp Barkeley Officer Candidate School Texas
Notices
Pierre Aumont, newcomer to the American screen after establishing himself with French film audiences, appears with Susan Peters, up and coming M-G M star, in “Assignment in Brittany,” starting tomorrow at the Lafayette Theatre 1 he story deals with a Bi itish agent besing assigned to track down a secret Nazi submaiine base, which he does after a series of adventures
Former University Student Wins Fame Over Pantelleria Lieut Col Charles Grogan for mor University student earned the nickname Clipper dm mg the final drive on Pantelleria it was dis closed in r recent news dispatch Lieut Col Grogan was operations officer uid flight leader of an An Force fighter gioup which had en gaged 10 Messer«chmidts in a dog fight above the islrnd During the fight he came so near to a Messer schmidt that he was chasing that the wing tip of his plane sheared off the tail of his opponent’s pi me The Messerschmidts were escort ing a German Red Cross seaplane which w IS peimitted to letuin to its base in Sicily Ail other German planes were shot down without the loss of a single American ship
All Students rwo boys aie needed to help ih the Homd Ec Cafeteria during noon hour Call Mibs Gamble at 2941 —GAMBLE Basic Military Students All basic students are urged to note the schedule posted on the Bulletin Board m the Armory for turning in wool trousers and caps —BROWN Science Seniors Graduating August ’43 Please call at Dean Ender s office at earliest convenience to receive information regarding graduation —ENDERS GE 11 12 Make ups Conditional make up examination in GE 11 and GE 12 will be given Saturday afternoon July 10 Make arrai gemrnts in room 202 Golden Shops Bring textbook and drawing equipment
along
—OWEN Catalyst Club Actives and pledges meet in Ch & Met building Saturday Jutie 26 at 2 p m Pledges bring full fox and fees —BADGER Sigma Delta Chi Initiation will be hold at B 40 Sunday before banquet Meet in room St)4 of the Union —BOSWINKLB Reamers Pledges actives and honorary members be in the balcony of the Great Hall of the Union at B 30 p m Monday June 28 Formal initiation will be followed by a dinner at the Sarge Blitz restaurant —BOSWINKLE ASME Two interesting movies will be showi Wednesday afternoon at 4 p m in room 103 of the ME building A short busi ness meeting will follow the showing —BADGER Iriton Club Meeting at 8 p m Monday June 28 in the Womens Gym All ballet members be present ■—BROWNE Reamers 1 ledges and actives meet at Ho IV 1 n H ill Sat rday Juno 26 at 8 15 Pledges bung assigned equipment —SWANT2
Union Features War Stamp Sales Contest Every Day The War Stamp Sales contest
sponsored by the Student Union is in full swing Union woikeis aie selling stamps every day m front of the sweet shop and lecoiding the sales of all individuals These lec Olds are tabulated and a chart will be posted the early pait of next week showing how the various lesi
dence units aie competing Now that many fraternities have
disbanded, giving up their houses foi the use of the Navy, many men are living in othei fiateinities, oi in piivate homes The problepi arises as to how these sales should be pecoided The Union boaid has announced that all individuals may retain then foimei fraternity, co op house Ol lesidence unit affiliation, and t}ie sales of stamps will be
lecoided in favoi of that gioup
Buy War Bonds
Classified Ads
Typewriters Adding mncnines all makes Bold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J EbershofI 60B Main, Lafayette Phone 2779 Money to Loan On diamonds watches, guns luggage typewriters Albert s Loan Office 407 Columbia Lost— Cravanette trench coat with tan lining Lost in Union Cafeteria Sunday June 13 1943 Call Myron Dickey phone 2416 I ost—Gold ring with maroon stone sur mounted by Tau Kappa Epsilon crest Reward Alaback phone 7764 Lost—Bulova wrist watch Leather wrist band broken Reward Kenneth Gortsth 57B4 Lost—I igbt tan raincoat red plaid lining zipper In Union Cafeteria Sunday June 13 Call Vermilion 522B For Rent—Double room for hoys Twin beds B16 W Stadium Lost—Log Log Duplex Slide Rule and case Name W St Germain phone 4916 116 Marstcllar street Reward Wanted—Purdue students to work Thurs day and Saturday evenings as waiters Ex pericnce not necessary Good pay and short hours Elks Club Apply Frank Ltnihap Two and one half double rooms available June 2B at 13Q Marstellar Phone 41001
Try An Exponent Classified'
Personnel Notes
Companies scheduled to visit the campus Pittsburgh Plate Glass Co, Barbel ton Ohio—Date to be announced latei Intel ested in August and Decembei Ch E , M E These companies do not plan to visit the campus, howevei, they are intei ested in students foi employment National Radiator Co, Johns town Pennsylvania—Intel ested in Ch E ME Sign m Pei sonnel Office by Satuiday, June 26 U S production of steel in the first half of 1942 amounted to 42 6 million tons or just a fifth below the output for the full year 1917, the biggest steel year in World War I
Barbara Stanwyck and Michael O Shea, who makes his debut in the film have the romantic leads in the exciting suspense filled drama of burlesque life, ‘ Lady of Burlesque,’ the current tenant of the Mats Theatre thru United Artists release
SoJdhwjoijlMu
^ ANNOUNCING the opening of SOUTHWORTH'S STADIUM STORE! ■illil II — nmr,m^, iTinni ri.i ni ii I (BRANCH STORE) A Minature of Sonthworth’s Main Store on State Street ★ College, Grade and High Standard Texts and School Supplies ★ Stationery, Office Supplies, Greeting Cards, Novelty Souvenirs and Felt Goods ★ Latest Fiction, Non-Fiction, Juvenile and Reference Books — Rental Library ★ Tobaccos, Confectioneries, Cold Drinks and Ice Cream ★ Gifts, Toiletries, Newspapers, Magazines, Athletic Equipment and Miscellaneous Utility Items for Students
OPEN
10:00 A.M. to 8:00 RM, Dahy 2:00 P.M. to 8:00 P.M. Sunday
Visit this NEW store today!
PIRDIIE BOCK ^SUPPLY STORE
/
308-10 STATE STREET WE5T. LAFAYETTE IND.
LOCATED FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE AT STADIUM and NORTHWESTERN AVENUES
V 1
'jm