pllliillpl
<i\
I *1 Purdue Exponenlr^
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
NUMBER ONE
Lafayette, Indiana, September 11, 1937
THREE SECTIONS
SECTION ONE
Registration Officially Launches Fall Semester Period Starts Monday, Ends Wednesday; Distinguished Students Register At Any Time University activities for the fall semester will officially get under way with the opening of the Armory for registration at 8 o’clock Monday morning. Old and new students, in accordance with the registration schedule, will throng to the Armory to become enrolled in the University. Though no official estimates are yet available, as no University officials dare to hazard a guess, fresh-
Eighty-Six Students Seek Senate Berths In Current Election To FiSI 24 Positions At Registration Balloting With the registration of the first student Monday morning, balloting., in the current Student Senate popular election will begin at the Senate booth at the south Armory entrance. Of the 95 students petitioning for Senate berths at the close of the last semester, 86 remain eligible. Nine petitioners were eliminated by the scholastic rhle which require a 3.5 average for all work conipleted in the University. From the 86 names appearing oi» the ballots at the polls, 24 will be selected to fill the current vacancies. One man, each from the sophomore, junior and senior classes in each of the schools except pharmacy and the engineering law, public service engineering, industrial engineering physical education group constitute the Senate body. Freshmen members will be elected at the close of the first semester. Those up for election Monday morning are, according to schools: Agriculture—Sophomores, J. L. Hackleman, J. 0. Mills, A. S. Rogers, G. E. Sears; juniors, F. E. De La Croix, C. G. Elliott, T. B. Glazebrook, D. N. Light; seniors, R. B. Davis, J. S. McWilliams, M. L. Underwood. Chemical Engineering — Sophomores, W. E. Catterall, T. E. Dann, H. F. Fishburn, J. A. Richardson; juniors, L. E. Armstrong, E. H. Duval, A. R. Fowler, J. H. ^Jacobi, A. R. Pierce, C. J. Petry, E. L. Tyner; seniors, J. C. Sanders, J. L. Taylor. Civil Engineering—Sophomores, R. L. Lippmann, R. P. McConnell, G. W.' Reid, R. L. Reiley, A. R. Schakleton; juniors, F. C. Ahrens, M. D. Stepath, J. R. Watson. Electrical Engineering — Sophomores, 0. Butterfield, R. E. Insley, H. L. Miller, H. 0, Monson; juniors, R. H. Horner, J. E. Kessel, L. F. McNeill, A. B. Wright; seniors, M. D. Barrows, J. W. Seaborg, W. H. Wood. Mechanical Engineering—Sophomores, P. T. Cooper, D. T. Fisher, J. U. Graham, W. A. Hart; juniors, A. C. Bodeau, D. W. Clugston, F. W. Eckstein, S. H. Gutting, R. M. Sasser, W. H. Smith, L. E. Troutman, W. D. Yoeman, R. C. Zimmer; seniors, D. D. Baals, R. C. Eatout, J. R. Murray, D. 0. Thompson. Pharmacy — (two from entire school)—Sophomore, W. T. Sullivan; juniors, C. F. Hoffnjan, R. H. Jacks. Engineering Law, Public Service Engineering, Industrial Education, Physical Education—(two from the group)—Sophomores, R. J. Scymanslji, R, A. Stapleton; juniors, H. N. Behrends, J. R, Keck, C. S. Meier, E. T. Schumacher. Science — Sophomores, J. W. Cochrin, Ruth B. Hall, Marion B. Phillips; juniors, W. Feldman, J. S. Griffin, Lois Virginia Laramore, Martha Wood. Home Economics — Sophomores, Aline Louise Daniel, Frances Raenig, ^Arlene Rothenberger; juniors, Betty Elstun, June Hackleman, Mary E. Wein; seniors. Fay Pendegrass, Lorene Ristow.
man and transfer applications for entrance equal, if not surpass, last year’s record breaking enrollment which netted something over 2100. Orientation period for the new students begins with the opening convocation in the Memorial Gymnasium at 7:45 this morning. Distinguished students of June, 1937, may register at any time during the registration period. Undergraduate and special students who have no unremoved C, D, I, or F grades on record, and are not on probation, register between 8:30 and 3:00 p. m. Monday. Undergraduates and special students who have unremoved C, D, I, or F gTade^ on^record, but are not on probation, register between 3 p. m. Monday and 4:30 p. m. Tuesday^ New undergraduates and special students are scheduled to register Tuesday^ and Wednesday while old students on probation register between 8 and 10 o’clock Wednesday morning. Graduate students register Monday and Tuesday. Frosh Will Gather At Smoker Tonight Freshman social activities will enter into full sving tonight at the frosh smoker to be held at 7:30 in the'Memorial Union ballroom. President Elliott and the heads of the various schools will be on hand to say a few words to the freshmen. Signs in the ballroom will serve to guide the freshmen to the section where their school is seated. The primary purpose of the smoker is to acquaint the freshmen ■with the heads of their schools and also with their fellow classmates. Ample time will be allowed the freshmen to attend the mixer which will start at 9:00. Cigarettes will be placed at the entrance of the ballroom for the benefit of the smoking members. Professors Will Direct Church Classes Sunday University professors will lead special classes composed of University freshmen in those churches holding services especially for students tomorrow. Freshman Sunday has been observed for many years with invitations to incoming students by various church denominations. All these churches will have a dinner followed by a party at 6:30 p. m. on September 17. This Friday is held open by the Uijjversity, and no other parties or social activities are scheduled. '38 Debris Go On Sale In In Memorial Gym Today Orders for the ’38 Debris will be taken at the Memorial Gymnasium during Freshmen Orientation tests and at the Debris desk during registration.
Exponent Is Selling M d T I Regulai; Subscription Rate for Purdue Exponent is $3.00 per year. Today and .Sunday, as a special offer, you can subscribe for only $2.75 at the Union, Deac's and Southworth's.
Fitfed To The ‘ J’ Again University history repeats itself. For the sixty-fourth time the annual procession, representing the ambition and ability of youth, moves to the campus. From the reviewing stand of the Purdye Exponent I salute this procession, and express the hope that each of you will be in a forward-moving place at the end of the year. ., During the coming months many expected things -will take place; also many unexpected things. It will be well if you are prepared for the unexpected' happenings. These are the ones that affect the careers of individuals and the accomplishments of the institution. Purdue will endeavor to fit itself to you. Are you prepared to fit yourself to Purdue so that later on it will be easily recognized that we fit each other to the T ? Particularly important for this is the T representing Time, signifying economy; the T standing for Taste, the sign of your promise of becoming an artist in your work; the T that is temper, your capacity for self-control; and the T of temperature, the measure of the most invaluable of human possessions, health. If you make these four T-fits, you will do for Purdue; especially if you do the right things without being told to do them. EDWAKD C. ELLIOTT
Colonel C. S. Blakely To Assume Command Of Military Department; Replaces Brewer
Colonel Charles S. Blakely, former assistast^^ommandant and head of the Field Artillery at Fort Sill, Okla., has assumed the former position of Lieut. Col. Carlos Brewer as commander of the R.O.T.C. corps here. Col. Blakely is a graduate of the West Point Army and Navy College, and the Naval War College. Col. Blakely held the rank of Brigadier-General during the World War and previously was the president of the Field Artillery Board at Fort Bragg, N. C. Besides Col. Blakely, four other new officers have been added to the University Military department, because of the vacancies left last spring by the transfer of Lieut. Col. Brewer to Madison Barracks, New York, and Capt. Clyde M. Hallam to Fort Sill. The new officers include Lieut. Col. James A. Pickering, Major John W. Fauconer, Jr., Capt. Frederick B. Porter, and Capt. Francis H. Morse. '
Commandant
First Semester Registration Schedule I. Distinguished students of June, 1937, have the privilege of registering Monday, September 13, at 8 A. M., or at any other time during the registration period. II. Undergraduate and special students who have no unremoved C, D, I, or F grades on record, and are not on probation, register according to the first letters of their surnames, as follows:
Aa-Br Mon., Sept. 13, 8:30- 9:00 Lb-Mil Bs-Do Mon., Sept. 13, 9:00- 9:30 Mim-Pl Dp-Gn Mon., Sept. 13, 9:30-10:00 Pm-Sh Go-Ho Mon., Sept. 13, 10:00-10:30 Si-To Hp-La Mon., Sept. 13, 10:30-ll :00 Tr-Zz
Mon., Sept. 13, 11:00-12 :00 Mon., Sept. 13, 1:00- 1:30 Mon., Sept. 13, 1:30- 2 ;00 Mon., Sept. 13, 2 :00- 2 :30 Mon., Sept. 13, 2 .-30- 3 :00
III. Undergraduates and special students who have unremoved C, D, I or F grades on record, but are not on probation, register according to the first letters of their sur-
names, as follows:
Aa-Br Mon., Sept. 13, 3:00- 3:30 Mi-N Bs-Do Mon., Sept. 13, 3:30- 4:00 0-Pl Dp-Gn Mon., Sept. 13, 4:00- 4:30 Pm-Rn Go-Ham Tues., Sept. 14, 8:00- 8:30 Ro-Sc Han-Hi Tues., Sept. 14, 8 :30- 9 :00 Sd-Sn Hj-Jam Tues., Sept. 14, 9:00- 9 :30 So-Sz Jan-Ki Tues., Sept. 14, 9:30-10:00 T-Vd Kl-Li Tues., Sept. 14, 10:00-10:30 Ve-Wh Lj-Mh Tues., Sept. 14, 10:30-ll :00 Wi-Z
Tues., Sept. 14, 11:00-11:30 Tues., Sept. 14, 11:30-12 :00 Tues., Sept. 14, 1:00- 1:30 Tues., Sept. 14, 1:30- 2:00 Tues., Sept. 14, 2 :00- 2 :30 Tues., Sept. 14, 2:30- 3 :00 Tues., Sept. 14, 3 :00 -3 :30 Tues., Sept. 14, 3:30 -4:00 Tues., Sept. 14, 4 :00- 4 :30
IV. Old students on probation register according to the first letters of their sur-
names, as follows:
A-E ■ Wed., Sept, 16, 8:00- 8:30 L-R Wed., Sept. 15, 9:00- 9:30 F-K Wed., Sept. 16, 8:30- 9:00 S-Z Wed., Sept. 16, 9:30-10:00 V. New undergraduate and special students register according to their numbers in the Orientation Period, as follows:
1- 20 21- 40 41- 60 61- 80 81-100 101-120 4-140
-160
161-180 181-200, 201-220 221-240 241-260 261-280
661- 630 631- 710 711- 790 791- 870 871- 960 • 961-1030 1031-1110 1111-1190 1191-1270 1271-1360 1361-F430 1431-1610 1611-1690 1691-1670
Tues., Sept. 14, 8 :00 Tues., Sept. 14, 8:30 Tues., Sept. 14, 9 :00 Tues., Sept. 14, 9:30 Tues., Sept. 14, 10:00 Tues., Sept. 14,10:30 Tues., Sept. 14, 11:00 Tued., Sept. 14, 1:00 Tues., Sept. 14, 1:30 Tues., Sept. 14,' 2 :00 Tues., Sept. 14, 2:80 Tues., Sept. 14, 3:00 Tues., Sept. 14, 3 :30 Tues., Sept. 14. 4:00
281-300 301-320 321-340 341-360 361-380 381-400 401-420 421-440 441-460 461-480 481-660
1671-1760 1761-1830 1831-1910 1911-1990 1991-2040 2041-2090 2091-2140 2141-2190 2191-2240 2241-2290 2291-2340 2341-2440 2441-end
Wed., Sept. 16, 8:00 Wed., Sept. 15, 8 :30 Wed., Sept. 16, 9 :00 Wed., Sept. 16, 9 :30 Wed., Sept. 16, 10 :00 Wed., Sept. 16, 10 :30 Wed., Sept. 16, 11:00 Wed., Sept. 16, 1:00 Wed., Sept. 16, 1:30 Wed., Sept. 16, 2 :00 Wed., Sept. 16, 2 :30 Wed., Sept. 16, 3:00 Wed., Sept. 16, 3 :30
Fisher Foreshadow^ Freshman Future Doubtless the day of your graduation seems a long way off. Would you not like to know what will happen to you in the next four years? Will you make a fraternity or sorority or honorary? Will you succeed in athletics, the military band, the glee club, dramatics, or public speaking? Will you get a place on the Exponent, the Debris, Scrivener, the Agriculturist, the Pharmacist, the Engineer, or the Independent? Will your grades put you on the distinguished list, or at least enable you to hold your scholarship? Will you become a leader in the Student Union, or a representative in the Student Senate? When the class of 1944 arrives on the campus in September, 1940, will they hear of you as one of the campus leaders in scholarship and activities? The answer depends on you. Almost anything that you want is within your power to have. I trust that you may your ambitions. We of the University are here to help you attain the goal. M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men
Dr. E.C. Elliott Will Greet New Students At Frosh
!
Meeting This Morning Initial Convocation Will Begin At 7:45 O'CM In Memorial Gymnasium; Program Includes Songs, Yells All freshmen and new students will be officially welcomed to the University'this morning at 7:45 o’clock when they meet in the Memorial Gymnasiumm to begin the annual orientation period, designed to help bridge the gap between high school and college. The program for the morning will be inaugurated with instruction in Purdue songs and yells and a wel-
come by Pres. E. C. jElliott. Follow ing this, Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton, and Dean of Men M. L. Fisher, 'will be introduced and preliminary instruction in registration will be given. The remainder of the morning will be devoted to the psychological examinations and English placement tests, which are designed to test the abilities and training of the new students and make it possible to place them in the
proper classes.
This afternoon new students ■will meet in groups by schools in order to become acquainted with staff members. Following these.meetings the first English composition test
will be given.
A faculty-student reception ^ivill take place tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Union Building, and the regular Saturday night mixer will start at 9 o’clock. Monday will mark the beginning of the physical laminations, as well as a home economics placement test and a mathematics training test. Formal registration ■will begin Tuesday and continue thr^igh Wednesday, with actual class work starting Thursday morning. Passports Replace Ticket Books; Card Bears Name, Photo Tagged and labeled in a unique manner this fall, the Purdue student will obtain admission to all University convocations, athletic events, other functions by means of an identification card which bears his signature, description, picture In use elsewhere for some years, this identification system has neverattained wide popularity, even while demonstrating its possibilities for simplifying registration procedure; eliminating miles of red tape. Tickets scalpers will be no more. Positive identification on the passports will eliminate their exchange. Check cashing -will be greatly facilitated by the cards if the bearer’s face, even if not honest in appearance, agrees with that on his card. Says Controller R. B. Stewart, “Students must attach the utmost importance to these cards.” Testifying to the difficulty of replacement in case of loss is the procedure to be followed in obtaining the original. All Purdudents, new and old, will be photoed in the Ai;-mory picture gallery at registration. The University will develop and print the pictures and place them on the passport, and the student may call for them after a week’s time at the athletic ticket officeA tamper-tabu seal will lock the photos* on the passport so that no substitution will be possible, and the University will recall the card at any sign of misuse, lock convo doors and stadium gates to the of-
fending owner.
Seven Pi Beta Phi Girls Will Liv^ In House Annex Six sophomore members and one junior member of the Pi Beta Phi sorority will live in a house at 117 State street in order to avoid the present cramped conditions at the sorority house proper. Mrs. 0. E, Ross will be in charge of the annex.
Jack Denny's Music Makers To Play For Union Mixer Tonight Comes Here From Eight Weeks' Chicago Stand Jack Denny and his nationallyfamous orchestra, who recently completed an eight-weeks engagement in the Silver Forest room of the Drake Hotel in Chicago, Illinois, will complete their two-night stand at the University by furnishing the music for the second mixer of the season tonight from 9 to 12 in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. The mixer, which will have the usual price tag of one dollar, will follow the reception being held for freshmen and will furnish an opportune time for them to get acquainted. Jack Denny and his band also furnished the music for the mixer which was held last night in the ballroom. Medical Fee Brings Numerous Benefits The whimsical freshman who registers for the first time possibly is in doubt as to what his $5 medical fee will bring him. The University maintains an up to date health department with a corps of doctors headed by the genial and capable Dr. S. J. Miller. The medical fee entitles the student to advice and treatment by the University physician. Prescriptions written by University doctors may be filled free of charge at th^ Pharmacy Building during regular hours. Twenty dollars worth of service in either of Lafayette’s hospitals is' also included in the fee. This service may be in the form of room, board, general nursing, drugs and dressings, or clinical examinations. It does not apply to the operating room fee or to the physicians, surgeons, or anesthetist’s charge, to treatn|fent at the student’s room or home, or to injuries received in intercollegiate sports. The fee.^does not entitle the student to hospital service if he enters during vacation periods. Dr. Miller reports that there are no epidemics prevalent in the community; nevertheless he advises students to protect themselves against smallpox, diphtheria, and typhoid fever. BandAppIkanIsToMeetIn Armory This Afternooa At 4 Tryouts for freshmen and all others desiring membership in the military or symphonic bands may be arranged by reporting at band headquarters in the Armory today ^t 4 p. m. There ai-e positions open for all string instruments including string basses. The present membei-s may cheek out uniforms anytime before 4 p. m. Monday and the first rehearsal will be at 4 p. m. Thui-sday, September
16.'i
I 1 •* ^ 1 ilv , ^
&(:} , i '' A/' jifej'/:1 R?'
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, September 11, 1937
Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
MEMBER
^secmtcd ^lUgiate '^rts^
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N.Y. Chicaoo . Boston . San Francisco Los ANQEL.ES - PORTLAND - SEATTLE
Editorial Phone 5037
Campus Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 5038
Mail Subscriptions $3.50 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions,_ and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
BUSINESS MANAGER . . . . D. C. Miller Entered as second class matter at the post of- , flee in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Con-, gress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session.
T Editorial Staff MANAGING EDITOR
J. E. Brock
Business staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MGR..
.J. P. Girard
ASSOCI.'VTE EDITORS D, A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin C. D. Schrooder,, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS R. H. Dyer, M. S. Estey, L C. Faniuhar, G. W. Fredericks, K. C. Houston, R E Insli'Y W. A. Kroeplin,..G. Mueller, D. L. Olson, d! Paarlberp, J- W. Richey, G. T. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson.
Co-ed Staff
Elizabeth Pyke ..Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
CO-ED EDITOR... .ASSOCIATE EDITORS.
Sally McKee.
-SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS.. Mary Davis, Patricia Heine, Patricia Henry. Alice Martens, Yvonne Price, Mildred Ros« Emily Sawdon, Georganne Schilling, Helen Stefteo, Kathryn Thrasher, Betty Wickard, Joan
Wihiborough.
P,ocal Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MGR .,R. R. Hensler SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS....E. A. Antoriini, W. A. Beraan, V. R. Daugherty, H. R. Gingher. Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER :'...M. C. Reeves SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS W. F, Berg, R. L. Lippman, 0. E. Lorenz, W. E. Smith. Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR -R. F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS ...J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwor. SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS. G. W. Breuer, C. W. Brown, J. Collins, W. H. Murray, W. F. Qualls.
Come In, Freshmen After your first few days at Purdue University, freshmen, most of you will be ready to cast your vote for “Welcome” as the most overworked word in the English language. You are being “welcomed” tofhe University this morning by the president, the dean of men, and the dean of women; you are now welcomed by the Exponent. At tonight’s smokers, deans of schools and professors will extend you a welcome, along with some fatherly advice. Tomorrow morning it will be the churches and later in tne day the fraternities, sororities, and residence halls. The Memorial Union, the Purdue Independent Association, and other organizations will add their voices to the chorus. Naturally the University is sincere in its welcome, since you are the grist for its mill of knowledge. To the extent in which you make use, and careful use, of the services of the University, to that extent vyill it fulfill its purpose, and to that extent will the State of Indiana be repaid for its support. Classrooms, laboratories, libraries, shops, and extracurricular activities are _ thrown open to you—a storehouse of educational opportunities in which you can exploit your present abilities to the limit. Regular and considerate use of 1:hese facilities is imperative, however, for only thus can the University, operated on a strict financial budget, realize its fullest possibilities in service to the state. In some cases this considerate treatment will be enforced by University rules—compulsory class attendance and laboratory breakage fees. Other cafe in dealing with equipment depends upon you, as the prompt returnmf library books and proper handling of all property. Remember that thoughtlessness on your part increases administrative expenses and penalizes your fellow students. The University community is different from any in which you have ever lived. Here you are starting out with a clean slate to make a name for yourself. Your previous reputation in . scholarship, sports, and other
activities are of little importance here; you have to “produce the goods.” You may have graduated at the top of your high school class, you may have starred in athletics, but there are hundreds of other students here with records just as excellent. Here you are starting out merely as a “Purdue student,” and it is entirely up to you to make good. Your work here will be mostly voluntary, and few' will care whether or not you make the grade. Your “welcome” to Purdue will last as long as you obey the rules reasonably and keep up your grades. If you fail, you will be hustled out with much less ceremony than you are being admitted. The University’s teaching staff is already sufficiently burdened and many of its facilities overworked; it cannot afford to keep you here unless you apply yourself. But don’t let all the advice you get during your orientation overwhelm you, and don’t let the size of the University or the front of its officials frighten you. Assume a critical attitude towards everything you come across. You will have to modify your ideas in some instances if you expect to stay here, but certain resistance to opinions, traditions, and conventions will enable you to retain individuality in an institution that has a tendency to standardize its students. Repeating Dean of Men M. L. Fisher’s advice to last year’s freshmen, “Use your head.” Instead of conforming yourself entirely to the processes of the University, try to adapt the University to your^lf and your needs. Choose your school, yourielectives, your fraternity, and your campus Activities with care. ' We know that we are just adding to the bulk of instructions and admonitions which are being thrust upon you, but we, like the other advisors, hope that we may be able to help you orient yourself into the University. And, like your other greeters, we are sincere when we say, “Freshmen, class of 1941, welcome to Purdue.”
Summer gone. Vacation went. TV eTier^sg^ool, And money spent. But ain’t first time. Lives there a man with soul so
dead '
Who nevei- to himselfUia'th said,
“This one is different.’A....
J
Along with a heart flush on the back of a Urfewrygram comes this bit of information: “Those who go to college and never get out are called professors;” and Harvey Cline. Heavenly flower, Your marvelous charms Compel my desirer For you in my arms.
But all my advances Have met ^|ern rebuff As if cold aloofness Were not tough enough.
Oh, lady, .so fair.
You make me so sad. Why do you resist me. When I can be had?
—Stronger Sex.
Of course there 'must be a Mars’ pass contest. And since we ain’t g’ot no contest, how about a contest to see who can think up the best contest. So, two passes to the Mars ■for the person who proposes the best contest for next week. “Come and see mejn my office For an early consultation;” For the new man on the campus. Is a serious obligation. But the duffer on the campus Has never, never heard That with some of the profs. The early worm gets the bird. ■ The way that Louise Bain makes her point in her letter praising the date bureau almost destroys those wary thoughts that seem to continually creep up in the back of our minds. Anyway she sure did
make her point.
V
ARC
SUNDAY — MONDAY ‘Under Cover of Night” with Francis Rice Edward Lowe TUESDAY — WEDNESDAY Victor McLaglen Preston Poster
Sea Devils ^ ■■ ] plya “Dodge City Trail” with C. Starrett
TIIUR. — FRI.
SAT.
“Accusing Finger” with Marsha Hunt Paul Kelly Buck Jones ill ‘Boss Riders of Buck Creek”
Scanlon, Sharp Receive Private Pilot's Licenses Ray Scanlon, 140 North Grant street, and Stanley Sharp, Crawfordsville, received private pilot’s license from Capt. Frank E^itill, bu reau of air commerce inspector from Indianapolis, Wednesday afternoon
-FAMnlYSUNDAY — MONDAY
ADMISSIONS Adults 20c Children lOc LAST DAY DICK FORAN e' in “Devil’s Saddle Legion” and ANN SHERIDAN in “Foot Loose Heiress”
Cool for Your Comfort
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30 “Meet the Boy Friend’
SUNDAY Double Feature Step right up and, meet the idol of a million women! The world at his feet . . . Women at his neck!
SONGS LAUGHS—ROMANCE MEET THE BOY FRIEND WITH DAVID KARLYLE CAROL HUGHES PERT KELTON PLUS D. W. Griffith’s masterpiece of the tragic and stirring tale of LIME HOUSE MURDER WITH ’ ' Dolly Haas Arthur Margetson
TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE Jean Muir City Park in with White Bondage Sally Blanc
ADMISSION Nights and Sundays 25c Week Day Matinees 20c Children Always 10c
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Copr. 1937 by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.
‘Oh, I forgave him—he’s been feo busy making money that he forgot how to play.”
Sfartiiig ie New Film Season wii a Roa
ADMISSIONS Matinee 10c, 25c, 30c Night 10c, 30c, 40c Night Prices Prevail on Sundays and Holidays
LAST TIMES TODAY Bruce Cabot in “Tough Guy”. and Ralph Bellamy in ‘It Can’t Last Forever’
MISCHA AUER Grace Bradley STARTING^ SUNDAY ■■ LUNA
r-^
TtiB GRBATESTROLBS OFTHBIR FLAMING CARBBRS.. .
FRANCES DEE HENRY yVILCOXON GARYCQOPBR mo BATUBS^ THB WRATR OF A WORLD TO WIN THE WOMAN HB LOVES. . . GEORGE RAFT WHO PARES DEATH FOR THE OIRL OE HIS' HEART f
ADMISSIONS
Matinee JOc, 2r,c. JOc NiR'ht lOc, 30c, tOc Niglit I'riccs Prevail on Sundays and
Holidays
STARTS SUNDAY, : MARS
• LAST DAY • Exclusive—Official Motion Pictures JOE TOMMY LOUIS vs. FARR CHAMPIONSHIP BOUT 15—l{ounds---lG Plus , , Ann Dvorak in “She’s No Lady”', ■; ' ^>,V il , J V ■ - '.iw,,.;
Saturday, September 11, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Triangle Leads ^ampus Organizations In Last Semester's Scholastic Race
Co-ed Average Of 3.99 Betters Male Average By .21 Points; Delta Kappa Rho, Science, Leads Honoraries
Triangle fraternity again topped the list of social organizations in respect to scholarship, according tO' figures released by the University for lafet semester. A scholastic index of 4.51 placed the Triangles first, while Acacia had the second ranking index of 4.32, two hundredth point above that of Pi Beta Phi which led the sororities. Honorary, Among honorary and^ departmental organizations. Delta Rho Kappa, science honorary, was high with a 5.26 index, followed by Tau Beta Pi, engineering honorary, and Eta Kappa Nu, electrical engineering honorary. The / co-eds again demonstrated their superior mental ability by getting an average of 3.98 to' an index of 3.77 for the men. Organized men were .09 points above the unorganized men’s index of 3.74, while co-eds were .20 points higher than non-sorority co-eds who had a mark of 3.92. 1 Indexes Indexes of the several campus
organizations follow: Acacia, 4.32; Alpha Chi Rho, ^.85; Alpha Gamma Rho, 3.95; Alpha Kappa Lambda, 4.04; Alpha Tau Omega, 3.86'; Americans Conimon Club, 4.02; Beta Sigma Psi, 3.85; Beta Theta Pi, 3.93; Delta Chi, 4.00; Delta Tau Delta, 3.79; Delta Upsilon, 3.99; Kappa Delta Rho, 3.88; Kappa Sigma, 3.51; Lambda Chi Alpha, 3.56;/Phi Delta Theta, 3.74; Phi Gamma Delta, 4.02; Phi Kappa, 3.48; Phi Kappa Psi, 3.76; Phi Kappa Sigma, 3.79; Phi Kappa Tau, 3.47; Phi Pi Phi, 3.82; Phi Sigma Kappa, 4.20; Pi Kappa Alpha, 4.06; Pi Kappa Phi, 3.96; Sigma Alpha Epsilon, 3.52; Sigma Alpha Mu, 3.64; Sigma Chi, 3.72; Sigma Nu, 3.71; Sigma Phi Epsilon, 3.85; Sigma Pi, 3.48; Tau Epsilon Phi, 3.86; Tau Kappa Epsilon, 3.49; Theta Chi, 3.66; Theta Tau, 3.96; Theta Xi, 3.83; Triangle, 4.51; Cary HallEast, 3.80; Cary Hall—North, 4.00; Union Club, 4.01. Sororities Alpha Chi Omega, 3.94; Alpha Xi Delta, 3.89; Chi Omega, 4.18; Kappa Alpha Theta, 4.15; Kappa Kappa
welcome
students
# (palaidu MoipoJL Welcomes You to Purdue LlmVersity
We also welcome you to see our
-A-
Of Correct Fall Styles
Suits • Coats • Shoes Dresses • Furs Formals • Millinery Knitwear • Sportswear
Gamma, 4.17; Pi Beta Phi, 4.30; Womeiv’s Residence Hall, 4.01. Alpha Lambda Delta, 5.00; Alpha Phi Omega, 4.31; Alpha Zeta, 5.07; Catalyst, 3.97; Ceres, 4.80; Chi Epsilon, 4.66; Delta Rho Kappa, 5.26; Dolphin, 3.97; Eta Kappa Nu, 5.12; Hoof and Horn, 4.88; Iron Key, 4.23; Kappa Delta Pi, 4.65; Kappa Psi, 4.24; Mortar Board, 4.67; Omicron Nu, 4.92; Phi Lambda Upsilon, 5.04; Pi Tau Sigma, 4.88; Scabbard and Blade, 4.59; Sigma Delta Psi, 3.69; Skull and Crescent, 3.85; Tau Beta Pi, 5.23; Tau Kappa Alpha, 5.05; Theta Alpha Phi, 4.22; Xi Sigma Pi, 4.48. Three Purdue Marriages Take Place In SepteiTiber The marriage of Ruth Grimm of Warsaw, and Charles Trees of Indianapolis, 1937 University graduates, is to take place today in the Warsaw M. E. church. They were both prominent in Playshop, Union and other campus activities and were members respectively of Chi Omega sorority and Sigma Nu fraternity. Another September marriage was that of Miss Virginia Lee Rigdon, Danville, and Glen Safford Peters of New York City, N. Y. The ceremony took place in the Danville Methodist church. Mrs. Peters attended Purdue for two years and was a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma. Two other University graduates, Henrietta Duncan Armstrong of Lafayette and Marshall Chandler, were married last week end in Hammond. The bride is grand treasurer of the national group of Beta Phi Alpha sorority.
Students Complying With Universityi^ules May Operate Autos Student autoers must do some tape-wading before they can drive past the campus cop with an even pulse rate. Regulations relative to students operating motor vehicles while attending the tJniversity have not been changed this year, but they still entail eonsiderable compliance on the part of the would be driver. Any student, dependent upon parents or guardians for support, "Who wishes to operate a motor vehicle, must first have their written consent sent to the superintendent of the physical plant. He must then present an Indiana driver’s license at the same place. Two types of operator’s permits are issued by the University in the form of identification cards and tags. A student having property damage and liability insurance for his car will be given a green tag and card which will permit him Jo carry passengers. If the student has no insurance, he will be given a red tag and card, preventing him from carrying passengers. These tags and cards may be obtained from the physical plant in the service and stores building upon meeting the above requirements and presenting the- vehicle for inspection. Any student found operating a motor car without the proper recording and identification will be fined five dollars, to be paid within five days. If the fine is not paid in this ■ time, the student will be dropped from his classes, and for readmittance must pay a two dollar late fee in addition to the fine. The University also reserves the right to deprive any student of the pi-ivilege of operating a motor vehicle.
PURDUE
COFFEE
SHOP
We have the same good food that we had last year at the same low prices. We are equipped to serve you. Start Eating With Us,Today OPEN AT NIGHT 119 Vine St.
Whether it’s sent collect or prepaid, your loundiy always arrives quickly, safely, by Railway Express—the favorite laundry route of generations of college men and women. Low rates. No added charge for pick-up and delivery —just phone nearest Railway Express office. 9 S. Second Sf. Phone 2025 Lafayeft'e, Ind. RAI LWA^texPRESS
nation~wide hail-air service
Study Of Summer Session Enrollment Shows Gain Over Any Previous Session
More sophomores attended the recent summer session at the University than any other classmen, according to a study made recently in the department of education. The study showed 152 frosh, 255 sophomores, 250 juniors, 51 seniors, 273 graduate students, 59 special students, and 107 not classified — a total of 1,147, exceeding by more than 200 the enrollment of any previous session. The summer session student body came from 41 states and six foreign lands. Course Attendance During the session 237 courses were given. The attendance at the most popular of them was as follows: chemical engineering laboratory work, 90; hydraulics, 32; electronics, 11; industrial engineering, 16; thermodynamics, 26; heat engineering, 25; and mechanical drawing, 14. In the school of science the popular courses were: general biology, 24; general chemistry, 80; special methods of teaching high school subjects, 34; psychology of childhood, 37; principles of speech, 38; expository writing, 56; applied anatomy, and kinesiology drew the most students in physical education for men. Farm Prices A special course in farm prices was the most popular of the 14 courses offered in the school of agriculture as it had an enrollment of 31. Summer school, this year, as it was the two proceeding years, was under the direction of Professor F, C. Hockema, assistant to the president of the University.
Knowing Freshmen Return From Camp On The Tippecanoe
Ninety freshmen are able to answer the querries of their classmates concerning University life today because of information gleaned while in freshman camp. These freshmen returned yesterday after a three day stay at Camp Tecumseh, the state Y. M. C.- A. camp on the Tippecanoe river. Mornings at camp were devoted to classes led by faculty members and upperclassmen. Questions covering all phases of university life were answered and discussed during these forums. Activities, fraternities, athletics, employment, and every other phase of interest were talked over during these pre-school “bull sessions.” Athletics held the spotlight in the afternoon, as the busy embryo freshmen turned to swinuning, baseball, football, and other sports' for recreation: and exercise. - Last night was “amateur night” at the camp. Some special program was arranged for each night. Thursday night was University pastor’s night. At this time President Elliott spoke, saying that that camp was really the opening of the University, that those men were the scouts who are the vanguard of the larger group.
New Courses Added To Curriculum In Several Schools Of University
Many new courses have been added to the curriculum of the University this year in order to keep pace with the rapid progress of industry and civilization throughout , the world. Prof. R. B. Wiley, head of the civil engineering school, announces the addition of two new courses to the curriculum of that school. C.E. 81, a course in construction methods, will be offered for the first time this year under the direction of Prof. G. P. Springer. P. C. Rutledge, a newcomer to the staff from Harvard University -vtil teach C.E. 168, a senior option in soil mechanics. Rutledge will also be in charge of graduate work in soil mechanics. Chemical Engineering The chemical engineering school is making numerous plans to prepare students for the rapid growth of this industry. Dr. Lovell is offering chemical engineering calculations 140 to prepare the student for the shorter and more rapid calculations of industry. Advanced unit operations 226, advanced chemical engineering calculations 227, and advanced unit operations laboratory 230 are the corresponding courses for graduate students in this branch of the work. Dr. Kohl will offer instruction in photography in industrial photography f42, a course designed for engineers who desire to use photography in their work as well as for persons who desire it as a hobby. Prof. R. N. Shreve is preparing courses in petroleum tech-, nology and the technology of cellulose, which will be available next semester. Pharmacy The school of pharmacy, while
not offering any new courses is planning to develop its graduate school and enlarge the manufacturing course. During the past school year the manufacturing department filled 20,000 prescriptions for the student health service. Four new courses are being added in the school of agriculture this year. Agricultural engineering 32 will train vocational agricultural teachers in farm shop methods, while three new courses are available in forestry; forestry 106, a study of forest economics, forestry 110, a study of logging; and forestry 114, a study of forest administration. ^ Science The science school js^Tievekiping several new courses: A persor course has been worked out by " Enders and Dr. Walters, a bnsiness coui-se in which the stu^eittf specializes in economics is being developed, and a law course in conjunction with Indiana University is under consideration. A special Shakespeare course is also being inaugurated by the English department this semester, which is a general course designed to appeal especially to engineers.
Hobby of 76 Grad Fealured In Indianapolis Newspaper Ralph A. Fenimore, graduate from the E.E. ^chool in 1926, was recently featured in;a series of articles on hobbies in an Indianapolis newspaper. Fenimore has been painting Indiana landscapes as a hobby for the last twenty years.
-EAGLE-
Foi^^ficient Study One Musi ^®^WOMFORTABI£ See bur Large Stock of Desks Book Racks Student Tables ^ Study Lamps (LE.S.) Hassocks
•
We Carry All Types of Furniture
•
Fraternity and Sorority Accounts Welcomed J'juAnJJtWUL Qo.
Phone 2728
42S Coltunjbia Streetpi
mmmsmmmmmm
ipH
mm
CT,, ■’<' «.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, September 11, 1937
Tracing Purdue's History, From Its Humble Beginning in 1869 To The Uultramodern University That It Is Today
A campus'’ coiisistmsj of four buildings and a faculty of six. There was E^^day, far away in 1871, when that description fitted Purdue. It all started in 1869 whyn John Purdue a wealthy merchant of Lafayette, offered the state legislature $100,000 if they would place the proposed state university in Tippecanoe county and name the institution after him. This offer was in time accepted by the legislature and finalljy John Purdue granted the new in^itution $150,000 and, with Tippecanoe county, granted $50,000 and land in addition. First Buildings The fiist building to be completed on the campus was a residence and barn that was finished in 1871. Three other buildings followed soon afterwards. Everything was not rosy with the board of trustees, however. Their troubles started when they selected a president. Their first choice for the position was William S. Clark, then president of Massachusetts Agriculture College. He refused the post and Richard Owen of Indiana University, a brilliant educator, was finally selected. The trustees received their first headache when Owen presented his preliminary report to the board on “A Scheme Of Education Appropriate For The University.” Included in the scheme was the recommendation that “a somewhat reduced rate of
HRTT^eR
weekly board be offered to all who abstain from tea and coffee.” Shortridge Takes Office In 1874 Owen was back at Indiana University and Abraham Shortridge of Indianapolis was selected for the post. Under Shortridge the University really received its start. Enrollment and faculty increased and progress was made in the standards of instruction. There was one thing though that kept the skys a little cloudy at all times during Shortridge’s term of office. John Purdue did not like Shortridge and Shortridge was not very fond of Purdue. In fact, Purdue refused to attend trustee board meetings while Shortridge was m office. Shortridge resigned his post in 1875 and President White was elected to office. Fight Against Fraternities President White is chiefly known for having formulated the policy of specializing chiefly m agriculture and mechanic arts which has never been departed from. White remained in office until 1883 when he made an attempt to prohibit fraternities. The fraternities were not entirely sympathetic to the idea of being abolished and carried the fight to the state legislature. Appropriation bills for the University that year carried the rider which stated that the University would only receive money if fraternities were allowed. In his fury White resigned office. He was followed by President Stone, a professor in the University. The school progressed rapidly under President Stone’s long term of office, and the first summer school was inaugurated. President Stone met a tragic death in the Canadian
"Follow Mel" Fm heading for the College Inn Cafeteria A'cross from the Union
//
Play Golf at J’isddL
//
Lafayette’s Public Golf Course ^4 of a Mile North of the Field House Students, Members of the Faculty and Employees of the University can procure coupons good for a round of golf at THE MEMORIAL UNION and the INTRAMURAL OFFICE at the following SPECIAL UNIVERSITY REDUCED PRICES 40c 9-Hole Coupons 25c 60c 18-Hole Coupons 40c University coupons are valid only by Students or Employees and members of the Faculty of l^urdue Univerisity.
Rockies in the summer of 1921. Modern University Vice-President* Marshall held the office temporarily until President Elliott, then Chancellor of the University of Montana, accejlted the office in 1922. Everyone knows the rapid progress that has taken place in the University since that time. Buildings have been under construction continually, enrollment has increased rapidly, and the curriculum revised and improved. John Purdue, business man that he was, is probably smiling in his grave today when he sees how his original investment of $150,000 has grown. Like the late Andrew Mellon’s fortune, it grows larger and larger every year and the limit on its growth IS still not in sight. Record Registration Chief Highlight Of 25th Summer Session The 26th Summer Session under the direction of Prof. Frank C. Hockema began June 17 with all indications pointing to a recordsmashing registration. David S Clark, of the mechanical school, was in charge of the registration. Courses in most of the academic subjects were offered during the eight weeks’ Summer Session. Final registration figures revealed 1,036 enrollees. Fifteen hundred boys and girls from all corners of the state were visitors on the campus June 16 and 17 for the annual 4-H Roundup. Keynote Address The second issue of the first volume of the Purdue Summer Session Exponent carried President Edward C. Elliott’s keynote address to the opening of the Institute on American Policy and Technology. The Institute was probably the most important educational program offered during the summer. Dr. Walter B. Pitkin, Dr. Clarence A. Mills, Dr. Huntington, Dr. Kolb, Owen D. Young, and Dr, Kimball, dean emeritus of the Cornell engineering schools, headed the list of
speakers.
Personnel Course On June 29, 61 persons registered for the first University personnel course; Owen D. Young, speaking at the Institute, said that America must increase its production if it is to continue its economic progress; and the Stephen Collins Foster colored quartet entertained students and townspeople in the first songfest of the Summer Session. One of the highlights of the Summer course was the production of the first Purdue sound movie. The first shots for the picture were taken July 9. H. Kenn Carmichael directed the cinema while Professor Rising of the practical mechanics department, was in charge of the photography and John Ditamore acted as sound effects man. Students formed the cast. Kizer Illness The entire sporting world was saddened Sunday, July 18, by the sudden collapse of Noble E. Kizer due to a kidney disitrder. Kizer was taken to the St. Elizabeth Hospital where he steadily improved. Although he has been released from the hospital, Kizer will probably not report for duty before the first of
the year.
Sixty-four NBC 'stations broadcast the National Farm and Ho
Wallpaper
WPA Alte University, $22,699; Improve Campus A WPA allotment of $22,699 for the improvement of the University has been approved by Washington officials of the works progress administration, according to ^ord received here from John K. Jennings,^, Indiana state director of the WPA. The r^oney will be used to grade the campus and walks and to lay out drives and parking areas. Two Purdue Agronomists Attend British Congress At the fourth International Grasslands Congress held in England this summer, were Purdue agronomists M. 0. Pence and Prof. G. H. Cutler. Pence, Prof. Cutler, Mrs. Cutler and 400 other delegates to the congress toured typical British fields and ex-
perimental plots.
The party gained further insightinto European farming methods during various tours of the contin-
Increased Enrollment Congests West Side; Living Expenses Rise Last fall’s enrollment increase of ft 800 students crowded West Lafayette’s rooming facilities to the limit, and sent a number of students across the Wabash to Lafayette to seek housing. Although the building of a new residence hall for women this summer and the erection of several new homes on the West Side augmented the capacity of the near campus vicinity for sheltering students, the situation appears more serious than ever this fall. Landlady members of the Flomeowner’s Association set a minimum of $10 per student for double rooms and $15 for single rooms last spring, about 20 per cent higher than a year ago, and reports indicate that the landladies are charging consider-
ably more than those prices. One rooming liouse proprietor is said to be getting $16 apiece from four students, a total of $60, for one room. Dean of Men M. L. Fisher said yesterday that there are plenty ^ good rooms in Lafayette and close to the street car lines still available to students. He advised living there in preference to crowding into West Side houses, and perhaps paying much higher prices. Meals at boarding houses are also higher than those of 1936. The Homeowners have set $5.50 as the standard cost for six days’ board, leaving the student to eat elsewhere on Sunday. Last fall, $5.50 paid for a full week’s meals. The frateimities, sororities. Women’s Residence Hall and annexes, and Cary Halls are doing their part of housing students at small and in some cases no increase in charges. Several fraternities are raising their house bills $1 or $2, while Cary Sail residence, including room and meals, costs $405 straight, the customary $5 discount for cash payment being discontinued.
program originating from the Purdue campus on July 22. The program was another in the monthly series featured on the Farm and Home hour from various land grant
colleges..
Last Songfest The Summer Session convocations ended July 29 with the last songfest of the season and the showing of the fiist Purdue sound movie. Professor Rising said the movie was better than expected. With the closing of the Summer Session on August 14, students returned to their homes to recuperate before the fall session.
^yisw Victor Records
® 25658 CONFESSION DRUM STOMP Lionel Hampton and his Orchestra
• 25656 YOU CAN’T STOP ME FKOM DREAMING IN A LITTLE CAROLINA TOWN Guy Lombardo and his Royal Canadians
• 25657 NIGHT AND DAY SMOKE GETS IN YOUR EYES Tommy Dorsey and his Orchestra
• 25653 CARAVAN A STUDY IN BROWN Bunny Berigan and his Orchestra
McLean Miisic Co. MAIN ST. LAFAYETTE
Glass
PAINT HEADQUARTERS AND ARTIST SUPPLIED SMITH-ALSOP LAFAYETTE PAINT CO,
632 Main
Phone 2203
Delivery Service
Welcome Freshmen To West Lafayette and Steve’s Barber Shop
215 Vine Street
You Are Always Welcome At TOM’S 301 University, Across from Armory We Serve Delicious Meals—Nothing But the Best We Manufacture Our Own Ice Cream Have You Tried a Brown Derby— 5c Look for the Pure Food Name—T O M ' S
YOUR NEAREST
IS AT no VINE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE • • ® • This is not only West Lafayette’s FINEST "FOOD STORE but it is also most popular. Reason ? • Most modem store. • Complete stock of groceries, fresh fruits and vegetables and finest meats. • Courteous employees. • A pleasant roomy store where you can shop with pleasure and at ease. • Lower prices throughout the store.
You Can afford to serve Better Meats if you buy them at PIGGLY WIGGLY
Other Biggly Wiggly Locations in Lafayette 501 Main Street In the Lahr House 910 Kossuth St. 1616 East Main ^ at Five Points 1301 North 14th Street 2 blocks north of St. Elizabeth HospitalI. H “ A ♦ #y •
' ,t;;i' >'"■ • ^ ^^ r-v•»'*'? * .,j I ■*■••
,: . ,5.,s, -s :-i»dMj,
M
4 ['\L;^
,4t
A
Saturday. September 11, 1937
THE PltRDUE EXPONENT
Exponent Enters Forty-Ninth Year Of Publication Today
Senior Exponent Board Members
Seated, left to ripht: R. F. Obenchain, sports editor; Elizabeth Pyke, co-ed editor; and D. C. Miller, business manager. Standing, left to right: J. E. Brock, managing editor; R. P. Manion, editor-in-chief; and J. P. Girard, assistant business manager^
5 5
Cn ca 01 01 01 01 01
Hi
.5555 5555 5 5 Welcome Back 'V^ To Purdue and
»
Lafaj^ette ^ve Spot Gun Club”
5 in 10 in in m in
01
212 North Fifth St.
Oi
Short Range Rifle and Pistol Shooting.
in in
01
Rifles, shotguns, hunting equipment and fishing
tackle for sale at greatly reduced prices.
Or
800 good reasons why you should come over
01 and get acquainted.
01
^ ‘‘TALL STORY” CLUB MEETS HERE
DAILY
01
5555555555555
10 10 10 10 10 5
Work On Daily SfudenI Publication Offers Many Varied Opportunities
By. R. P. Manion, Editor-in-Chief
On this page we present a short story history of the Exponent and a sketchy idea of the workings of the individual staffs in putting out the daily issue. Here, freshmen and sophomores interested in “going out for Exponent” may size up work on the paper as an activity, and our reac^ers learn something of what goes on behind the news. To prospective campus journalists we emphasize the fact that previous newspaper experience, either scholastic or commercial, is unnecessary. High school editors frequently fall by the wayside, while students who do their first, journalistic work as freshmen on the Exponent advance to the top. Hard work and ability, especially the former, are chief ‘considerations in the annual elections.
Politics Don’t Ctount
Nor do fraternity, sorority, or political affiliations carry any weight With the senior staff members and the faculty advisory committee who select the junior and senior officers of the paper for the coming year. Both the present and the preceding editors of the Exponent are nonfraternity men. Practically all schools in the University are also represented on our present staff. “Exponent” is the major activity on the University campus from financial and influential viewpoints, and also with respect to training received. Gross income of the paper for the past few years has exceeded 25 per cent of the total income of the some 70 to 80 activities whose accounts are handled by the auditor of student organizations. With its frequency of publication increased from five to six issiles weekly by the addition of a Sunday paper, the 1937-38 Exponent will probably take status of a $20,000-a-year enterprise. Daily contact with University students and faculty members through its columns gives the Exponent great opportunities for influencing campus opinion and for determining fields, if not lines, of thought. Freedom from faculty censorship adds to the Exponent worker’s thrill of seeing hi^ own writings and opinions in print. In a recent comprehensive research on the worth of participation in campus- activities to students, the Bell Telephone Company concluded that editorial experience ranked first from the standpoint of salasy in post-college life. During his work on the Exponent, a student enjoys an esprit de corps with his more than 100 fellow workers unequalled in any other activity, and he gets a chance to become fairly well acquainted with University leaders, ^both student and administrative. An “inside” on University affairs increases the psySic reward for his work. Roosevelt Praises Training On the occasion of the sixtieth anniversary banquet of the Columbia Spectator last spring. President Franklin D. Roosevelt, who was formerly editor of the Harvard Crimson, wrote: “I look back upon my own participation in college journalism with the keenest delight. It is a feature of campus activity which gives those favored with a part in it a responsibility, a practical experience, and an all round training whose value in after years is incalculable.” Material returns from Exjionent work include keys, receptions, and occasional passes to drarpatic performances for the freshmen and sophomores, while juniors and seniors on the staff share in the profits of the organization, in addition to receiving the other benefits. « '®
Work Is Exacting But “Exponent” is an exacting activity. A great amount of work is entailed in the writing, editing, and publishing, as well as in the business end of soliciting- advertising and subscriptions, distributing, and keeping accounts of the paper. Publication must go on despitgit^ts, final exams, reports to be written up, dances, and athletic events. The grades of any student who takes his work on the paper seriously must suffer.
A GOOD RULE —Get tfee CO-OP^abU New and Used Gollege Books Drawing Instruments and Supplies The Co-Op Book Shop
Phone 5304
COME HERE FIRST
121 Vine St.
HOWDY, STUDENTS, CALL A
YELLOW CAB
5023
PHONES
3071
25c per passenger Anywhere in Lafayette or West Lafayette BLACK CARS FOR SPECIAL OCCASIONS
Ferry 423
PEOPLES CENTRAL CAB Cp.
Ferry 423
New Personnel System To Rate Exponent Staff
Designed to measure more accurately than heretofore the abilities of all staff members of the Exponent, a personnel .system is now being drawn up by senior Exponent board members. The new system will measure thd^ quality and quantity of all work done by staff workers in a manner similar to the “editoiial rating system” introduced by last year’s edi-tor-in-chilef, W. T. Hunt. Job analyses will determine those points upon which ratings can be made as well as evaluate the various jobs one against the other. • Tests of a practical nature designed to measure the general knowledge of the staff members in journalism' will be administered at the close of a freshman training period, and further instruction will be given based on the results of these tests. Attendance records will be kept for all staff members as well as records of any unusually good or bad work, special attention to or neglect of duty. Attempts are also being made this year to humanize Exponent work, requiring fewer and more reasonable hours. Also, more frequent staff get-togethers—business bull sessibns, parties, outings — are planned, and sociability between staff members will be promoted.
Gultion'Opens Clothing Store In West Lafayette
Gullion’s, Inc., announce the opening of a new clothing store at the same address as the old Southwoi'th clothing establishment. , Elmer E. Gullion, for eight years manager of the Southwprth clothing store, will head Gullion’s, Inc. Gullion is an old hand in the clothing business and through his wide acquaintance with students has learned their likes and dislikes. Students are invited to visit the store and become familiar with the nationally advertised lines which will be featured in the new establishment.
Paper To Appear Every Day In Week Except Monday
First Editors Chosen
From Literary Groups With the publication of today’s paper the Purdue Exponent begins the forty-ninth year of its career. Eight years*h& a monthly publication, two years a bi-monthly, seven years a weekly, and a daily newssheet for the past thirty-one years is the record of the Exponent. Editors for the first monthly volume were chosen from four University literary societies — three from each group, so as to make the paper’s motto “Justice to all, preference to none” a true one. Prof. J. D. Hoffman, now head of the University practical mechanics department, was business manager of the first Exponent.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main Street, Phone 2779. Model A Ford—1932 coupe in excellent condition. Call Putze 2352. FOR RENT — Modern Double rooms. 1905 Kossuth (75654 Phone) On Street car line. WANTED—Piano, trumpet, and sax men. Immediately. Call Bob Kelly. 5317.
Notices
Fraternity Rush Chairmen — Local addresses of all freshmen going through orientation may be obtained at the Student Union office ‘at 2 o’clock this afternoon. —PUTZE.
Freshmen Girls—Library tour Monday at 10 and again at 2 o’clock. Meet at Library. —HUBER.
Junior Baseball Mlanagers — Get in touch with me at the Delta Tau Delta house before registration. —PERRY.
GRIFFIN'S SHOP
640 Main
STOP IN FOR
Caramel Crisp Salted Peanuts
Ho-Made Candies Buttered Popcorn
Shelled Corn
East Side
Made Daily in 1906 i The paper started in December, 1889, advanced with the gi’owth of Purdue, changing from monthly to bi-monthly to weekly, and finally in the fall of'T.906 was first issued daily. / Although a daily paper had been the dream of staff members for a long time, it took ttyo successful bluffs to make it possible. First the editor was scared into thinking he had to put out a daily, and then the Burt-Terry-Wilson printing company was bluffed into lowering its printing rates enough to make the ’ paper financially possible. To accomplish this bluff the Exponent ‘ had to start “The University Press Publishing Company”. It even sent a representative to Chicago to buy a press and other equipment—all for effect, of course.
Six Papers a Week During the first few years of daily publication six Exponents were printed each week. This was cut down to five eventually, however, and papers have-not been published on Sunday or Mondays since. This year the Exponent staff plans to reinaugurate the Sunday papers.
Southworth Book Store
Installs Novel Library
For the benefit of those Boilermakers who have a yearning for higher education along the literary line, one of the west side’s leading bookstores, The Southworth Co., have recently installed a library for the latest novels. | Their selection will contain the book of the month and all of the other new books that are in demand the country over. Thus busy students will have a chance to pick up a novel or two on their way home from classroom activities, and thus keep up to date on contemporary literature. Should the outlook for the afternoon’s classes be exceptionally dull, stop in at Southworth’s and select a drama of the roaring West to tide you over until four o’clock.
Students are welcome to brouse through the new novel department at any hour of the day. «
Treat Your Feet To Rhythm Sweet
BOB KELLY and his ORCHESTRA
11 Pieces 11 Vocal Trio 4 Vocalists 4 Member Local 162
X
HAYS lEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
DAD SAYS:
Our store is small and we don't have everythinq, but what we do have is as fresh as money can buy. And the service is so handy.
mam
msmiffwipw
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, September 11, 1937
|v
SOUTHWOKTH’S ©FFE3
Dietzgen Drawing Instruments ^ K. ^E. Slide Rules Drawing Boards T-Square Triangles French Curves Spiral Bound Field Books for Surveyors . ATTENTION FRESHMEN! SPECIAL DISCOUNT If you buy all drawing supplies at one time.
Wright & Ditson Tennis Rackets Tennis Balls 25g up
o IX w j:, ■
NOTE BOOKS Paper Note Books, 5c up Genuine Leather Note Books PAPER All approved University Form Papers Special 500 sheets yellow scratch pdper, 29c SUPPLIES Laundry Cases $1.25 up Book Ends, 25c pair & up Blotters—Blotter Holders Letter Files with Locks ■ ■ ' ■ ■ ■/ * LAMPS Study Lamps & I. E. S. Lamps 89c to $4.50 Bed Lamps, $1.00 up Maple Lamps, $1,25 PENS and
PENCILS
Approved dissecting set and all supplies
All supplies for Applied Design Paints, Crayon, Poster Board
SOUVENIRS Pennants, Plaques, Jewelry, Automobile A Baggage Stickers
B SUPPLIE S
CHEMISTRY APRONS
X,
^ For the StofL m. .§&v jpuk. piesL ihJtJjiA. SOUTHWORTH’S' ‘ r .''
.',' c.
, •'‘f •
/t)i
Fielder's Choice Again we come bacl^ from Vacation in the midst of strife and worry .. . last year, it was a shower room fire . . . this year, it’s Nobe Kizer’s sickness and the failure of our favorite contenders for the National League pennant—the Chicago Cubs. —^fc— ' Thifildng back over the past calamities, including the Purdue wreck, and finding that this year Nobie will be unable to take an active part in whipping this year’s squad into shape, we ask that trite question, “Why does everything happen to us?” . • • but it isnt as black as it might be . . . although we honestly believe that Nobe is the best in the business, he has a staff of well trained assistant coaches who will be able to take over his duties almost as well as he could himself . . - and no matter how bad things look, we’ll bet a little of our own that the Boilermakers manage to eke out a couple of wins anyway. —^fc— And the Fiel^house isn’t quite ready yet but the Intramural Department and some of the other athletic offices are carrying ^n and soon will be installed in their new quarters . . . the gals get the 4^ gym which should muffle the co-ed hogging no little bit. —^fc— The Cubs pitching staff is gone blooey ... so has the whole Giant team, but they still can’t seem to lose ... we sure do hate a city series, unless it takes place in Chicago . . . after looking over the way that the Bruin pitchers have been mismanaged, it seems that the announcement that Grimm was signed up for another year comes at the un-psy-chological moment ... at least if the Cub owners are trying to bolster the spirits of their hurlers ... but the cause isn’t lost yet. —^fc— W. E. Nees, Purdue ’29, sends in an item which he found under the title of “Big Ten Simon Purism,” in the Pittsburgh Press and we would like to reprint the entire item. “From the McKeesport Daily News; “ ‘Jim Trimble and A1 Sabol, who played with the Olympics last year, have leff for Indiana University where they will try for the football team . . . Trimble tried out with the Pittsburgh Pirates pros team this season an^^could^have signed a contract, but decided it would be better to try out for a college team.’ “Well, a fellow has to decide those questions for himself.” —fc— Slip Madigan is considered the highest paid coach in the country ... his yearly grab is approximated at close to $30,000 ... to make it more of a story, he coaches at just about the smallest school . . . less than 500 students. —^fc— This column is going to be continued this year a great deal as it has been in the past ... a few athletic biographies now and then . . . a little rehashing . . . and a little new stuff.. your contributions will help a lot ... we write it but you read it and it’s your column.
Marty Schreyer, Clem Woltman, and Cecil Isbell received mention in an article recently published in the Illustrated Football Annual for 1937. The article lauds the two tackles who tip the scales at 220 apiece and who both played approximately 368 minutes out of a possible 480 last season. Isbell is given much credit for his baffling change of pace, his quick pivot, his accurate forward passing, his kicking, and his record of chalking up an average of seven yards gain on evfery running play. Isbell, it states, figured in 15 out of Purdue’s 23 touchdowns during the ’36 football season. Elsewhere in the magazine, Purdue’s ’37 team is reputed' to be “problematical” with a gaping hole in the center of the line, but this is neutralized by another article which lists the potential material and leaves one with a slight feeling of security when it .mentions that six varsity men and 13 other letter winners will return to the team. The magazine predicts that if Purdue has enough power to down Ohio State in the first Big Ten clash the team might have enough momentum to carry on through a successful season.
• the P u r <
due
TTI ■ • JL
Second Section
PURDUE
« ImM Jik W JliJi W AJL t
SPORTS
, N
Six Pages
Lafayette, Indiana, September 11, 1937 ^
Ticket Sales Lively Fof Boilermaker 1937 Gridiron Campaign Purdue’s football schedule, which opens against Butler’s eleven in the annual Boy Scout Day game here on September 26 and closes with the traditional battle for the Old Oaken Bucket against Indiana at Bloomington, finds the advance mail order sale running slightly more than 100 per cent ahead of last )year. Although the Carnegie Tech Homecoming battle on October 9 holds an appreciable lead in the first month’s sales, substantial orders are already on file for every game on the schedule. Unusual interest has been aroused in the opener with Butler which will renew a Hoosier rivalry that was started back in 1887, while advance sales for the Dad’s Day encounter with Iowa has already exceeded all expectations. Road Game Sales When it comes to the road schedule, Hoosier fans are evidently still treasuring memories of that thrilling 20 to 20 tie with Indiana here last fall. Although the annual battle for the Old Oaken Bucket will provide the season's finale, the advance orders for the 40th renewal of the rivalry are almost keeping pace with the demand for tickets for the Ohio State and Northwestern games in £he first half of the schedule. The advance sale for the Indiana game this year has been setting an even faster pace than last season when the game was a complete sellout 10 days ahead of the scheduled date. Stadium Improved Looking forward to substantially increased crowds this fali(, the past summer has found a number of improvements made in and about the Ross-Ade stadium designed to increase the ease of handling fans. Approaches and ramps leading to the stadium have been widened and two additional entrance gates will be provided. '
Prevents Exchanges; No Fifty Cent Tickets This year’s ticket books for the athletic events will be of a new design in connection with the reserved seats for the football and basketball games. During the registration period each student will have his picture taken, this picture to be embodied on his ticket book, along with his name and address. To get reserved seats for the games, the student should take his identification card or “passport” to the ticket office before the game and exchange it for a reserved seat ticket, which will be stamped for student use. These tickets are to be good only for' the game issued and must be presented with the student’s passport. In regard to the football games, only at two games—the Carnegie Tech game on October 9, and the Iowa game Qn\ October 30—^will reserve seat tickets be issued. There will be no reserved seats for the Butler game on September 25. In connection with the basketball games, the six conference games which are played at home will have reserved seats, while the non-con-ference games will not have any reserved seats. There will not be any special tickets for fifty cents each issued to students for the Indiana or Northwestern football ^ames. The regular ticket prices will prevail at these games.
Varsity Gridiron Practice Opens As 71 Candidat^sAtt^d Initial Session Seventy-one gridiron aspirants, including 20 major lettermen and 10 minor lettermen, reported yesterday, as Purdue launched preparation for the strenuous 1937 schedule that will o]pen against Butler University. In addition to the varsity squad that has be^ called for early practice by acting coach Mai Elward, an additional group of candidates will report later for the “B” squad that will play home and home games with both Illinois and Notre Dame.
Elward) and his capable'^staff of assistants are confronted with a reconstruction task in preparing for the season’s campaign. Heavy graduation losses that have disrupted both the line and backfield combinations of last season will place a big burden on last year’s reserves and incoming sophomores ip plugging the gaping holes. Must Rebuild Line Development of a brand new midsection for the forward wall, and virtually rebuilding the backfield around Cecil Isbell, brilliant triple threat star, provide the two immediate problems. In the forward wall, the question marks will be concentrated at center and guard, for Capt. Martin Schreyer and Clem Woltman, “ironmen” tackles of last fall, are expected to be more or less permanent fixtures, while five major lettermen wingmen are available. The veteran end quintet includes James Zachary, Don Powell, Bill Vergane, George Spehn, and Andy Botney. Cecil Isbell, versatile runner, passer and kicker, heads the list of backfield candidates. Cecil’s brother Cody and Bob Selby complete the list of major letter holdovers from last fall in the backfield contingent, which will be reinforced >by the return of Lowell Decker, a major letterman of two years ago. Will Miss Drake In rebuilding a balanced backfield combination, successors must be located for John Drake, crashing right halfback whose play featured the All-Star victory over the Green
Bay Packers, along with Fred Stalcup, shifty left halfback, and Wayne Gift, chunky blocking quarterback. Early condition will be a big factor in determining the eventual makeup of the Boileriftaker combination, for with only two weeks in which to prepare for the Butler opener and Ohio State looming as a big stumbling block &e following week, the squad was forced to jump into the midst of intensive preparation from the opening session^ yesterday morning’. The Boilermakers, will enjoy only five days of double drill, as classes start at the University on Thursday morning, September 16, while the Buckeyes, the opening Big Ten opponent, will Ije on the “two-a-day” drill menu virtually up until game time.
John Drake and Forrest Burmeister, both outstanding members of the University’s football team last year, have signed contracts to play professional football with the Cleveland Rams. Burmeister signed up with the Rams some time this summer, while Drake signed up a short time after the All-Star game in^hiqh he participated. Ookie Miller, Purdue’s All-Amer-ican center in 1931, who has played with'*^he ^hicago' Bears till this year, has also signed up with the Rams.
Fieldhouse^ Gymnasium^ Practice Field Practically Ready For Use
Pur^jjeV athletes—^varsity, intramural, fraternal, and even the unattached—^will soon be turned loose in a gigantic new playhouse. The new fieldhouse and gymnasium, expected to be completed in time for the basketball season, has accommodations for all of them. In addition to the fieldhouse designed to hold 9,000 persons and its eighth of a mile track, the new gymnasium hides many playrooms in the intricate design of the front section. Among other things this front section contains an Olympic size swimming pool, 40 by 76 feet, with two diving boards and underwater lights. There are four gyms—-one large one containing three basketball courts and three smaller ones located in different parts of the' section. » A diathermy room contains a short .wave outfit which emits artificial' sunlight and violet rays
while a hydrotherapy room contains a “whirlpool” tub of hot water, agitated for the treatment of charley horses. There is a clean-up room, primarily for the use of the football teams when they come Wff the field. \ In the basement there are special locker rooms for the varsity \ football men, the bhseball and basketball men, the track men, and the freshmen. Intramural athletes'will use the basket system. The coaches have their offices and ' rooms for dressing and showers. Another integral part of the new athletic plant is the new varsity practice field just north of the fieldhouse. Practically all ;tlje varsity teams—football, basebaUTam track —^wilp practice there. The field has been graded and sodded this summer and is now nearly done. The turf is good and the fencing has just recently been finished. Lights will be installed to facilitate night football practice.
Kizer Granted Leave Of Absence Pending Full Recovery From Illness Elward Will Be Football Head During His Absence; Woodworth Takes Over Post Of Athletic Diredor , Noble E'. Kizer, athletic director and head football coach, has been granted a short leave of absence E)y President E. C. Elliott pending his complete recovery from a kidney disorder that sent him to the hospital in mid-July.
AT/ze/z.
hillips Plans New Track Relay Event, ern
If the plans of Harmon Phillips, new head track coach from Butler, all woi’k out, the next few years should see a marked improvement in the quality of the track squads. One of the main event| that he has planned, according to information received from one of the members of the track squad who spent the summer with Phillips, is an indoor track meet to be known as the Purdue Relays, similar to the present Butler Relays which Phillips was so successful in promoting during the last''Several years. Plans Eastern M^t Included in the present preparation are participation by the majority of the squad on all track meets in the surrounding vicinity. Also Phillips is planning to have Purdue represented at several of the larger meets in the East. In order to determine just what his immediate prospects are for next year and prepare'for the crosscountry team Phillips will hold tryouts this fall. Cross country meets will be held this year with Michigan State, Illinois, DePauw, Pittsburgh and several other schools undetermined as yet. \ Olympic Runner Phillips, himself, was a brilliant track man while in school at Butler. He ran in the 1928 Olympics at Amsterdam and finished sixth. Since that time he has been engaged in turning out Butler track squads. Some of the stars that he has helped develop include Larry Holmes, who won the state higl^ hurdles, Burt ^^elson, one time holder of the world’s high jump record, and Ray Sears, one of the country’s leading two milers. During the summer months Phillips serves as the head of the Pokagon Boys’ Camp near Angola where he engaged in two of his pet hobbies, swimming and sailing. Stalcup Chosen Diredor Of Inframurnls Af Toledo U. Fred Stalcup, varsity quarterback and haKback on the ’34, *35 and ’36 grid teams, received the appointment of director of intramurals at the University of Toledo late last month. The appointment was made by Dx*. Clarence W. Spears, head football coach at Toledo and formerly coach ^t Wisconsin Univerlsityy/' Stalcui|, a member of Beta Theta Pi fraternity, held down the quarterback berth in his first two years of varsity football hqt was switched to the left halfback position by Coach Kizer last year.
Ever since his collapse during the summer, Kizer has shown remarkable improvement and is now convalescing at his home. The “rest cure” may take several months, but if he continues his present rate of progress the time may be materially shortened. Elward Takes Over “Mai” Elward, veteran senior assistant, will assume the post of acting football head ^uring Kizer’s absence. Robert C. Woodworth, who has been acting as Kizer’s assistant in recent years, and has been in charge of athletic publicity for the past nine years, was named as acting athletic director. “Director Kizer has built up an unusually stable organization that is fully capable of “carrying on’ pending his complete recovery,” said President Elliott in making the announcement. Here 11, Years Acting Coach Elward is now in his eleventh year of service at Purdue. He has had plenty of experience as a head coach, however, and is recognized as one of the keeijest technicians of the game. After playing at Notre Dame along with the late Knute Rockne, he launched his coaching career in 1916 at St. Johns Prep, Denvers, Mass., where his team won the East Cathletic Prep title. During the war he served in the Naval Air Corps but he still did not forget football. He was largely responsible for the success of the Newport Naval Reserve team that defeated Harvard and Brown and he also coached the Hampton ’ Roads Air Station where his team won the fourteen straight games. After the war Elward went to Grinell, where he led tjie Ipwans to their first conference 'victory in five years. Fi'om there he moved to John ' Carroll at Cleveland, where he remained for three years. He came to this campus directly from Carroll in the fall of 1927. Assisting Elward in the coaching activities will be “Mel” Taube, Red” Mackey,-and “Dutch” Fehring, all foi-mer Purdue grid meA. (? Lehigh Staging Grid Comeback With Three Purdue Stars At Helm Lehigh University’s football team has been staging a remarkable comeback the last few years ixnder the coaching of Glen W. Harmeson, former Purdue backfield star, and is hoping to continue along the upward trail this year. The warcry of Coach Hfirmeson this year is ‘.‘Win seven out of nine!” To many coaches seven victories a season is the usual thing. But at Lehigh seven out of nine hasn’t been heard of since 1917 when Tom Keady was at the helm, and to Harmie seven out of-nine is the next step in bringing Lehigh football back into the limelight. When Harmeson came to Lehigh from Purdue in 1934, he found Lehigh in a sorry state. In the three seasons proceeding, the team had won but seven games out of twentyseven, and the team was going out on the field not to win but to see how low they could keep the opponent’s score. The 1934 season changed Ithat. Lehigh won foxxr out of eight games that year, five out of ilune in 1935, and six out of eight last season. That is why seven out of nin^ tvould be so appropriate this season. Coach “Harmie” will be aidqd in Fxis duties by two former Piqrdue gx'idmen. Marty Westerman, 133, will coach centers and guards, and Cai-1 Heldt, *35, will help out with ends and tackles.II
if <
- i 1 3
^ *f \
A } ijf %
1:
Pt-Sf , U/
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, September 11, 1937
Intramural Department Plans Full Fall Program Will Move Jo New Quarters In Fieldhouse Nov. 1; Regular Schedule Of Activities Wiil Be Continued The IntKamuial ciepartment plans to carry on its regular schedule this fall, despite the confusion which will result from moving into the new fieldhouse Until the fieldhouse is ready for occupancy, which will be somewhere Around November 1, IntramuiaU will be conducted as forfnerly, with the Memorial G^ m as headqi^arters
The aim of the Intiamuial depaitraent m to p’OMde an athletic p^ogiam foi the a\eiage student, that i'^ the one ■v\ho omovs taking pait in spoits but eithei aoes not haie enough time oi is not piofi cient enough to take pait in mtei collegiate competition As M L ‘Chief’ CleAett head of the Inti a inpial depaitinent put its “We try to gne eieiy student ■whether a good indiffeierit, oi poor athlete, a chance to keep himself in good physical condition We tiy to provide as many different sports as possible, so that the students may take part in those they kno'w and also leain some they have not tried before” Intramural Field Ample facilities are available for almost any spott Outdoor activities take place on Intiamuial Field, a 22 aci e field located one half block west of Russell street and extending from just north of the WRH to Stadium avenue The field is laid out with eight touchball gridirons, 18 softball diamonds, a putting green, and an archery range, be sides plenty of room around the edges for cross-country running Memorial Gym, the headquarters for indoor sports, contains the swimming pool, running tiack, has ketbali courts, a boxing ring, and lockers and dressing rooms Plenty of Equipment The department furnishes all equipment for any sport All the student must furnish is his indfvid ual wearing apparel Apparatus is
kept in the equipment room in the ba!sement of the Memorial Gym, and may bp taken out by signing a check-out slip Clean towel service will be provided as usual However, lockers will not be issued under the same plan as previously, because of the forthcoming evacuation of the Memorial Gym Tepipoiaiy lock eis will be pimvided When a student wishes to go for a swn-m or work out, he wall present his registration card at the equipment room and will receive a clean towel and a locker key Both the key and towel must be returned to the equip ment room before the student leaves the gym In Older to give unorganized men the same opportunity as fiatermty men in participating in team sports. West Lafayette • has been divided up into Waids, each Ward containing fjom 100 to 150 students These War as function as a unit, as does each fraternity In each Waid and fraternity an athletic manager is chosen, wljose job it is to organize teams, and keep in touch with the department at all times Activities Start Soon The season’s program starts soon after classes begin next week Ten ms and softball will be the two major sports for the next few weeks There will be two tennis tournaments—all campus and class In the class tourney, the two best men in each of the four classes will be chosen by elimination, and will com (Continued on page 5)
99
Fordham Bard Includes Purdue In ^ ^Unholy Three Fordham’s mtersectional schedule for this fall’s football has inspired some easterner to great heights, and he has soqght to express the feelings aroused by the matches with a certain three ominous opponents— St Maiy’s, Pitt, and, last but not least, Purdue The title of this elegy, which has been widely published in eastern dailies is “The Uuholy Three ” All hail to the tyrants who ravage and slay, 4
St Mary’s and Pitt and Purdue,
Dealers in mayhem and murderous play.
In colors of black and dark blue. Jolly good foemen at filling a paik.
But very rough parties to meet in the dark. Mastiffs whose bite is much worse than their bark,
St Mary’s and Pitt and Purdue Perennial titans of east and of west, St Mary’s and Pitt and Purdue, Consistently riding the popular crest And dealing opponents their due.
The Panthers, the Gaels, and the Makers of Boilers, Slashers and soilers and maulers and spoilers But playing the game like According-to Hoylers,
St Mary’s and Pitt and Purdue
Related to hangmen and goblins and ghouls,
St Mary’s and Pitt and Purdue,
Favorites of pickers in gridiron pools.
Each one a recalcitrant crew, I Roaring along like a Malay tOThoon,
Making the Crowley man stager and swoon,
Ready to mangle the old Maroon, St Mary’s and Pitt and Purdue
STUDENTS—as we
WELCOME
You Back to Purdue
We would hke to remind you that getting started right is what really counts. Start out by using Graves' bakery goods — then keep” it up. You'll like it.
Grave’s QUALiry Bakery
Phone 3852
124 State. W. L.
Lafayette Public Links Golf Tournament Opens Opening with an eighteen hole qualifying round, the annual Lafayette Public Links golf tournament will begin today Bob Hoffer, who won the title last year, will deiend it this year under a new arrangement of playing conditions Entrants will have until September 19, in which to play their 18 hole qualifying round After the qualifying round the players will be grouped in flights of 16 players each for the final 36 hole medal play for prizes A large field is expected for the
meet, including several local golfers, among them Harold Brewer, city amateur champion for 1937, and *Dick Taylor, 1936 city champion A large entry is expected from the student body, most of whom will be back at school in time for the qualifying round The individual entry fee is $1 76, and the team entry fee will be $1 00, per team Teams will play for the team championship which will be based on the final 36 holes of medal play
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
SHOP HERE
and
fSL
100 Sheet Pads Form Papers (Purdue Bond)
Form B, D, and Biology Form 4
25c
Laundry Bags Student Lamps Composition Books Note Book Covers
98c 59c to $1.00 5c to 25c 10c to $1.00
Index Cards. 4x6. 2 pkgs., 100 each 25c Index Cards. 3x5. 2 pkgs.. 100 each 15c Desk Pad, Blotter and Writing Paper ciimplete 29c Wood Filing Boxes, 4x6 - 29c 5.000 Other Items at Regular Prices
pURDUj
5c 10c 25c $1 00
STORE
3l4 W. State St. ACROSS FROM WEST LAFAYETTE POSTOFFICE
SAVE U4
at HAYWOOD’S
(Advertisement No i)
ESTABLISHED 1826
Corner of 5fh and Ferry Sfs., next to Monon Stafion, Lafayette Your Savingfs Here on Your Drawing Set and Supplies Is Several Dollars DRAWING INSTRUMENTS AND ALL DRAWING SUPPLIES Log:Log, Trig, Decitrig, Duplex and Polyphase Slide Rules, Form Paper and Loose-Leaf Books, Student Desks
SAVE V4
FREE
A Fine Leather Corner Desk Pad and Blotter With Your Drawing Set Purchase
WE HAVE IN STOCK ALL THE FOLLOWING APPROVED DRAWING INSTRUMENTS:
STUDY DESK LAMPS Flexible Neck In 3 Finishes
Dietzgen "Federal" 1047C Dietzgen "Champion" 1037C Dietzgen "Professional" 968AK Keuffel & Esser "Anvil" N996C Keuffel fir Esser "Arrow" El086 Keuffel & Esser "Pharos" 686 Post "Primo" 630
Post "University" 1035A U. S. Blue—"U. S. Blue" 888 U. S. Blue—"U. S. Blue" 1006 U. S. Blue-"U. S. Blue" 626
Our prices are the same to every Purdue Student and we do not make substitution of inferior or unapproved articles.
CASES
Boards, T-Squares, Scales, Locks, Triangles, Curves All Our Drawing Instruments and Supplies Are on the APPROVED LIST
BOOKS
Come Over and See This Store. Our Low Prices on Everything Will Surprise You. Buy Drawing Instruments and Supplies from Responsible and Established Dealers Only. NOTICE: This Store Is Open from 8 A. M. to 5 P. M. and Thru Assignment Period Until 9 P. M.
wr M BUYxHERE SAVE 25% ON YOUR DRAWING SUPPLIES AND SETS
mSaturday, September 11, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Eleven Convos Scheduled
For Coming Semesters Features Include General Smedley D. Butler, Tony Sarg, Jose-lturbi, Don Cossack Chorus, San Carlo Opera Co.
Two great artists of the Metropolitan Opera, Elizabeth Reth- < berg, soprano, and Ezio Pinza, basso, will open this year’s brilliant convocation series October 12 with a joint recital in Jef-
ferson High School Gymnasium.
Madame Rethberg is recognized as one of the greatest so-
f pranos of the day. Pinza is credited
With bringing basso sihging to a new high in popularity. Tall, handsome and possessing a dynamic personality he makes a striking figure both on the ^'concert and operatic stages. This recital follows closely upon the pair’s lengthy tour of
Austrailia.
General Butler General Smedley Butler, U. S. Marines, will be featured at the second convocation, October 26, in the Memorial Gymnasium when he will deliver his discussion entitled “War Is A Racket.” Backed by a brilliant career of public service, General Butler will bring to the convo the dominating personality and racy vocabulary for which he is famous. His policy of “striking regardless of whom it hits” promises to make his appearance one of the high spots in the series. “The'^Cossacks Are Coming” will be the cry Monday, November 8 as conductor Serge Jaroff leads his
Don Cossack Chorus into Memorial Gymnasium for a one night stand. Radio, motion pictures and 94 concerts in 98 days is the record of the
last “Don Cossack” tour.
Novelist, dramatist, critic and contemporary historian serve to describe John Boynton Priestley, distinguished English author who will entertain the convo audience November 23 with his dissertation on “The American Responsibility.”
Priestley is the author of the popular novels, “The Good Companions” and “Angel Pavement;” “English Journey” a picture of present day England which also won enormous sufccess; the internationally successful play “Dangerous Corner;” several disl^guished volumes of essays; and a column of literary criticism widely read in England.
Although Priestly is l^est known as a novelist, and then as a dramat-
GULLION’S
INC.
Announces the Opening of a NEW STORE FOR MEN
featuring Society Brand Clothes
. . The head of this new store, Elmer E. Gullion, needs no introduction. For about eight years he wl^s manager of the
Ray M. South worth Co., at the same address, as the new establishment. He is well qualified by training and experience to serve men who appreciate and demand the better things in clothes and
accessories.
All clothing and furnishings will be brand new and will include such w^llknown nationally advertised lines as Society Brand Clothes, Alpagora Topcoats and Overcoats, Arrow Shirts, Interwoven Hosiery, and Paragon Hats it , . . each a leader in its respective field.
Yom are always welcome.
I N cT
J16 StATE STREET West Lafayette
Wagnerian Singers Five of the finest voices of this generation, the Wagnerian Festival Singers, under the direction of JBichard Hageman, have been engaged^ to bring to the University choice excerpts from the Wagner operas in concert form on the evening of December 9 in the Memorial gymnasium.
ist and essayist, he prefers the role that of a student of world affairs and a critic of life in general.
Ellen Wilkinson, the only woman Labour member of the British Ho^se of Commons, author and lecturer, will address the convocation audience January 5 on the vital question of “Unemployment Our Curable Social Disease.”
Miss Wilkinson is a graduate "of Manchester University. In her short life, she has seen much of the world. Her various missions have led her to Russia, to India, to. the United States, to Finland and to most of the countries of Europe. She was in Berlin when the Reichstag burned and has close acquaintance with the methods of Nazi terrorism. She has met and talked with most of the famous persons of her time, from Lenin, when she was in Russia in 1921. to Gandhi, whom she visited in jail, at his request, during his famous fast in 1932.
Indianapolis Symphony One of the country’s outstanding musical organizations, the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, has been secured for two appearances this winter, January 13 and March 10. The first concert will be held in the Fieldhouse if it is finished by that date; if not the Jefferson High School Gymnasium will be used.
Patrons of the Indiana Symphony Society have recently contributed to a fund for the maintenance of the organization for the next three years. Fabian Sevitzky, present conductor, is responsible for building up the orchestra, having added twothirds professional musicians from other orchestras.
Exciting and thrilling motion pictures taken at ^sea and ashore— crossing trackless seas, touching great continents, visiting lovely, exotic islands; such is the spectacle awaiting the audience that hears Alan ^ Villiers, traveler - lecturer, when he presents his exciting illustrated lecture, “The Last Of The Windships,” in Fowler Hall February 22. “The pictures are thrilling and so is the talk. I heartily recommend him,” is the opinion of William Lyon Phelps of Yale.
Famous Pianist Conductor of the Rochester Philharmonic, director of eight broadcasts of Ford Symphony, Minneapolis Symphony, co-conduetor of the second Transcontinental spring tour of the Philadelphia Orchestra, this is the remarkable record of Jose Iturbi, pianist and conductor, being
Six Penalty Days Mat Semester's Future
“Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the 24 hours (not including Saturday afternoons and Sunday) immediately preceeding or following an authorized holiday or recess, shall be required to pay an extra fee of $5.00 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed.” So say the rules, made "und put into effect in September,. 1935. Out of this has grown the custom for the Dean of Men to announce the penalty days each semester as a reminder.
The Indiana football game at Bloomington is sandwiched between the first two penalty days of this semester. One begins Friday noon, November 19 and extends through Saturday noon. This is followed by one covering all day Monday, November 22.
Wednesday, November 24, and Friday, November 26, will be the penalty days isolating the Thanksgiving Day vacation. Christmas vacation is proceeded by a penalty date starting Friday noon, December 17, lasting through noon Saturday. The last penalty day this semester will be Monday, January 3, ending this vacation.
featured in the March 22 convocation in Memorial Gymnasium. Tony Sarg, famous king of marionettes, will bring his show to the University on April 7 for one appearance. Opening with an amusing account of his unusual experiences in launching his career as an artist and showman, Tony then produces a series of short marionette skits and playlets presenting every kind of marionette. He then produces some of his famous lightning sketches on sheets about three feet square in color. Sarg invites the audience to give him his subjects and sketches the pictures in cartoon fashion with incredible swiftness and humor. He also selects models from the audience and never fails to cause hilarious laughter. Famous For Drawings Works of Tony Sarg are so famous to everyone that there is little that can be said, which has not already been said, about the man himself. His drawings 'are world famous; his designs for textiles, pot,tery, wall paper, rugs, furniture and numerous other aticles are fascinating to both young and old; his books have been sold throughout the world, and his marionettes have been seen and enjoyed by thousands. It IS a distinct honor to‘ be visited by the creator of these mariopettes. San Carlo Opera Company will be featured on the final convocation of the season, April 25, when the organization under the direction of Fortune Gallo will present some choice excerpts from the world’s famous operas.
We Wish to extend a
(X/sdayrnsL
to all new and oldr Purdue students and the faculty. Come in and inspect our studio.
KIENLY Beauty Studio
Phone 7727
662 Main
38 New Appointments Necessitated By Teaching Load, Industrial Demand
When classes open Thursday, 38 new faculty appointees will assume their positions for the first time. Dean A. A. Potter of the schools of engineering attributed the number of faculty appointments to the increased teaching load, expansion of industry, and the action of industry in signing staff members at vastly increased salaries.
Chief among the new staff members is C. W. Beese who will assume the position of professor of industrial engineering and head of the department of general engineering. Before accepting his new position Beese was head of the department of industrial engineering of three of the largest plants of the Armstrong Cork Company. He has also had considerable experience in educatfonal fields, having taught from 1915 until 1930 at Iowa State College and Pennsylvania State College. Professor Beese will be in charge of management courses and various types of instruction comnion to all engineering students. I Major Appointments Other majofjjappointments include P. C. Rutledge, associate professor in charge of soil management in the civil engineering school; E. S. Ault, mechanical engineering, professor of machine design; and K. D. Wood, mechanical engineering, professor of aeronautical engineering. The remaining appointments follow:
Personnel: J. N. Davis, assistant to the director of personnel; C. E.
M Students To WorkOnNYA
Smaller by $750 than last year’s quota, the 1937 N.Y.A. appropriations reach $6,255 per month, ao cording to Dean of Men M. L. Fisher. This figure is arrived at by the process of taking 8 percent of the 1936 enrollment, 417, and multiplying by $15 per month for each of the 417 students. This year’s quota is smaller than last year’s because of the fact that in 1936 the appropriation was made on the basis of 12 percent of the 1934 enrollment.
Although the basis for the appropriation is 417 students. Dean Fisher plans to employ over 600 undergraduates and graduate students, of which about one-sixth will be girls. Wages range from $11 to $30 a month, with about half of the undergraduates woiiking 37 hours per month at 30 cents an hour, earning $11.10. Graduate students are paid according to the type of work they do, most of them earning 35c to 40c an hour. Juniors, seniors, and graduate students 'usually assist in laboratory research or in personnel work, such as helping in the Boy Scout office, directing w^fare recreation, or instructing at the Y. M. C. A. All of these boys have had previous training.
At present, the waiting list is over 150 students above and beyond the 600 who will be employed at the beginning of the school year. However, quite a few students will drop out, and replacements will be needed throughout the school year. Those students who think that they will have time for N.Y.A. work, and can give adequate proof of their need hr such work, should see Dean hsher at his office on the first flooT of the Executive Building.
Dammon, assistant director of personnel. Applied Mechanigs: E. O. Stitz, ir\.structor. Chemical Engineering: D, E. Ackerman, associate professor; R, KToner and D. J. Mack, instructors; C. E. Stoops, assistant. Civil Engineering: J. Newson, instructor. Electrical Engineering: J. J. Higgins, instructor; fl. A. Thomas, assistant. Mechanical Engineering: W., J. Cope, assistant professor; J. Liston, assistant professor; W- L. Hull, instructor; S. J. Sietsma and R. Clapp, assistants. Practical Mechanics: E- W. Azpell, C. T. Marek, W. E. Fontaine, M. B. Scott, L. O. Johnson, L. W. Thomas, instructors. Radio: M. E. Buehler, operator. Engineering Experiment Station: C. G. Hylkema, S. G. Lutz, W. R. Elliott, D. J. Belcher, F. E. Shelburne, R. F. Jackson, O. R. Tyler, H. F. Winn, F. C. Milner, R. 1. Mayo, M, K. Fahnestock. Engineering Extension: G. Perkins, assistant.
iotf Assists In
Technical Report
President Edward C. Elliott is a member of the science committee and the sub-committee on technology of the National Resources Committee which recently submitted a report on “Technological Trends and National Policy” to President Roosevelt.
President Elliott wrote the chapter on “The Interdependence Of Science And “Technology.” Dean Potter, of the schools of engineering, was one of the authors of the chapter on “Power,” and Dr. C. C. Furnas, of Yale University, a Purdue graduate of 1922, wrote the section on “Metallurgy” in the report. Inventions Change Policies The report points out that new inventions necessitate constant revision of national policies. The National Resources Committee urges that a series of continuous studies, independent of the joint committee of Federal agfencies, be undertaken by existing planning boards and by appropriate agenciesideveloped by the Federal Governm^t. It is recommended that these agencies^jWith the aju of such natural and socjal^cientists as may be •needed, concentrate their initial efforts on these inventions which promise to play an immediate part in future technological changes. These new products of technology are: the mechanical cotton picker, air conditioning equipment, plastics, the photo-electric cell, artificial cotton and woolen-like fibres made of cellulose, synthetic rubber, prefabricated houses, television, the automobile trailer, gasoline produced from coal, steep-flight aircraft, and tray agriculture. Production Must Rise The report states that if the productivity of 1935 (the latest year for which figures are available) continues the same in 1937, and the composition of the nation’s total product remains unchanged, production would have to be increased 20 percent over that of 1929 to have as little unemployment as existed then. Failing this there will be more unemployment and if labor efiiciency is increased by new inventions or otherwise then the production of physical goods and services must be more than 120 percent of what it waS in 1929, according to the report.
Welcome Students
HUFFMAN DRUG COMPANY
305 State Street
‘‘Famous foriLts Double-Rich Malted Milks’
Guy £. Huffman
Purdue ’21i '■"' \ . »i >*! ,)'’*■’ ’
\
'* ^ t .»'‘f •.'^io.ikUi^* *'< JittAftwi •' -I'vj't 14--! ,1 fi''» ■'"'" J ' f *t' < '■’ ,1/J. /.
\v’.
Ft
7
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, September IL 1937
Civil Engineers Enjoy Sununer At Ross Camp
Prom the first day of registration to the veiy last day of peeking through a transit, the engineers at Ross Civil Engineeiing Camp had nine weeks of fun — and learned soiiicthin^ at the same time. From the top of the camp water towel to the fiats down along the Wabash River, the boys from camp knov every lull and gulley and walked over them hundreds of times. Settling Down Starting with the first trip from town to camp in the camp bus, a lough and dusty ride too, it was a summer that will never be forgotten. After being bounced out to camp ove rthe bumpy roads, came the job of getting acquainted and settling down. On ambling through the barracks for the first time, the Ross Camper^ w-e faced by all of their luggage that had been hauled to camp, piled in the middle of the floor in the barracks; but with a little climbing around over the pile and some luck, the campeis found their own luggage and depending upon their in-
Wolever Electric Co. LE.S. BETTER-SITE LAMPS G14 Main St. East Side
itiative, arranged it around their beds. Promptly at noon, dinner was served, and then the first roll call of the summer was taken. As the only duty for the afternoon was checking utrK equipment which would used alrsummer, everyone had plenty of time to explore around the camp and to take their first dip in the camp swimming pool, a camp improvement project which had been constructed by campers of previous years. Up At 6:30 Bright and early Monday morning, June 14, at 6:30 o’clock—camp w^as run on daylight saving time— Prof. G. P. Springer got his^ first chance to wake up the camp, accomplished by means of an oversized cowbell affectionately named “Jeepie’s Curfew.” Monday at 8 o’clock the first workof camp came, that of adjusting the instruments. The method of “marking” this work was very unique—instead of receiving a grade on the work, the students had to use the instruments that they had adjusted. The work for 'the summer was done by parties of six, which remained the same for all of carrig.. On the third day the parties were divided into two groups, one to start on topography and the other on highway location surveyipg, each of
' WELCOME STUDENTS Do wiiat everyone else is doing — when on the east side, drop in and try one of our delicious Spanish hamburgers and a bowl of our good Mexican Chili. We’re reasonable with your pocketbook too. MANHATTAN CONEY ISLAND 510 Main St. ^ Lafayette
University Buildings Rise As^nstruction Campaign of students in the University this fall, inadequate housing facilities for the student body are presenting an important problem. To meet the call for increased lodging space, the University has started a new dormitory building campaign, to
which constituted half of the nine-
weeks’ work.
Practice Session
As soon as the camp work was well under way, L. H. Kemmer, camp instructor and coach of the Ross Camp baseball team, called first practice session and thus started the baseball season there. The team had a fairly successful season, too, winning several games from teams of surrounding villages and taking two of the five game series with the summer school nine. Soon after the hardball team had -been organized, eight softball teams were drawn up from all of the fellows in camp and a schedule of games for the remaining time was made. Each team was coached by someone of the camp personnel, and4,i at the end of a close race, the team coached by Frank Johns, who was in charge of the instruments, was
the victor.
Final Exams After half of the nine-weeks had been completed, a final examination was given over the first part of the summer’s work. Without any let-up work was begun on the second half of camp with the two groups of students trading jobs. In seemingly an unbelievable short time, the remaining days of camp passed. The camp billiard tournament, the ping-pong tournament, final examinations, the fellows leaving, and once again Ross Camp became deserted. So passed a summer at civil engineering surveying camp.
take care of both men^and Women students. During the summer a duplicate of last year’s Women’s Residence Hall was completed just north of the older building, thus forming a compact houbing unit tor the women students. These halls will accommodate approximately 126 students each. The fourth floor of e new hall is devoted to an infirmar^jirhich will serve both halls.
ISfew Dorm
The onlj^imw University operated
men’s dormithry to be used this fall, is the oldyTheta Chi Fraternity house, whirni has been taken over by the University as a Cary Hall annex. R. B. Stewart, University Controller, has announced, however, thht^lans for building two new men's residence halls symmetric with the present Cary Halls are almost completed, and that building will begin this fall. These halls will be ready for occupation next fall.
Building Campaign Active In addition to the plans for dor-
mitory expansion, the University is engaged in an active building campaign on the campus proper. During the summer a two story addition was added on to the Service and Stores Building and a similar superstructure is being placed on the physics building. University Hall was remodeled this summer and now that entire building will be devoted to the English department. The new fieldhouse started this spring is at present ahead of schedule- and will be ready for use by the
time the basketball season opens. Plans are being formulated for
an addition to the horticultural building and the construction of an
agricultural chemistry building.
Foundation Has Program For Freshmen Tomororw Wesley Foundation has prepared a full program for freshmen Sunday. Meji will meet for Sunday School at the West Lafayette Methodist Church on'the corner of Main and South Streets at 9:30, while Coeds will be eijpected at the Foundation house. Rev. 0. S. Steele will preach at the church service at 10:30, and the students will be entertained by the Paul Smith Memorial Choir. Supper will be served to freshmen and upperclassmen in the Jf oundation house at 5 o’clock. A social hour will follow, after which several seniors will discuss what they would da, “If I were A Freshman.”
Bryson Will Lead Radio Conference In Chicago Dr. Lyman Bryson of Columbia University’s Teachers’ College has been named as discussion; leadeij for the second national conference oh educational broadcasting Which will be held November 29 and 40 and December 1 at the Drake Hotel m Chicago. The University is expected to send several representatives. Topics which will be hit in the discussion include: an evaluation of broadcasting from the point of view of the listener, the American system of broadcasting, educational broadcasting, and the future of radio. ••
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
WELCOME BACK TO OLD PURDUE
RICHARD J. BATH, Jeweler
For the 428th Year We Welcome You to Our SHOE RjEPAIR SHOP For Neat Work and Prompt Service BOSSUNG In Rear Varsity Boot Shop
plIHIIUllHIIIIIIHIIIilllllllillllllllllillinillllllllllinilllllllllllllllllllllillllllllllllllllllilllllllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIilllllllllllllllllllllilllllllillllllllllllllllllllllHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIlilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll I A Welcome to All - - | j ^ from Lafayette’s Finest Restaurant 1
n =
Men... It's the Thing to Take HER To Wheeler's Anytime of the Day or Nite. Remember— We Never Close
Continuous 24-hr. Service
Indianapolis Lebanon Frankfort Logansport
Our reputation was not built upon chance We are careful about the foods we serve... seasoning, tasting, rejecting— before we place them before you That is why we hope to be a favorite with Purdue Students! \ ^ * Join your friends today for a delicious luncheon, meal, or... You might prefer our fine fountain service.
• Pay Attention to What You Eat—But More to Where You Eat It.
Wheeler’s Lunch
= ^
420 MAIN ST.
LAFAYETTE
fiiiiinuiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiHNiiiiminwiuugiiiiiiiiiiiiinuinnimujjuiuiiiiiJiiiiiiiiiiiiuniiiiiiJiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiruiiiiniijjjiwiuinliiiiiiiiiiHiuiiiiiiiJiiiiiiinuiiiiiiinujiiiiiiujiiiiiiiw^^^^^
UUIIIIIlii
i.. I ' * f ‘ r ' 1
.;,: r:’,aiv:-r
■ •.i ■ X-
..:■ ■• . , . , .V . ^ : '.•■■ • ■■ . V, ■ ;v:.., , ,J ;-, , . . ■ . .. ; . ' ■ . ■ - ,-V ■■■ ■ -.. ■ ' , '.' ;■'
Saturday, September 11, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Football Squad Shows Strength
** In Total Weight
Two thousand, one hundred and seventy-four pounds. No, it’s not a truck, b^t the weight of the ’37 Boilernjaker grid squad. Many . things remain to be seen doncerning thi^ year’s squad* The schedule arrangement may be too difficult. The team may not have the necessary reserve power. Injuries may ruin the squad. Hpwever, one thing is certain—^the men are big enough to meet any team. A large portion of the big felloyrs are up on the forward wall. Starting at the ends and working in toward the center, the first giant we met is Vergane, the 240 lb., 6 ft, 4 inch end from Michigan City. This towering giant will be remembered from last year for the way in which he reached high in the air and grabbed passes from Cecil Isbell while several opponent players tried without success to reach up and knock down the ball. ' On the other end is Don Powell at 190 lbs., one of the speediest men on the squad. His speed came in very handy last fall in the Indiana game when Huffman ran through the whole Purdue team, only to be caught from behind on the five yard line by Powell. At the tackle positions are Woltman and Schreyer, veterans of two previous football campaigns. They tip the scales at 214 and 218, respectively. Two of the “Iron men” from the ’36 eleven, their huge figures will undoubtedly be in the game most of the time this season. • There is some question as to who
s Big Ten
CHICAGO Oct. 2—Vanderbilt Oct, 9—^Wisconsin* Oct.' 16—;Princeton* Oct. 30—Ohio State* Nov. 6—Michigan Nov. 13—Beloit* Nov. 20—Illinois ILLINOIS Sept. 25—Ohio* Oct. 2—DePaul Oct. 9-^Notre Dame’’' Oct. 16—Indiana Oct, 30—Michigan* Nov. 6—Northwestern Nov. 13—Ohio State Nov, 30—Chicago* ^ INDIANA Sept. 25:—Centre* Oct. 9^Minnesota Oct. 16—Illinois* 0^. 23—Cincinnati
Sept. Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Nov. Nov, Nov.
30—Nebraska ^ 6—rOhio State 13—Iowa 20—Purdue NORTHWESTERN 2—^lowa State* 9—Michigan* 16;—Purdue* 23—Ohio State 30—Wisconsin 6—Illinois* 13—Minnesota 20—Notre Dame* PURDUE 25—Butler* 2—Ohio State 9—Carnegie Tech* 16—Northwestern 30—Iowa* 6—Pordham 13—Wisconsin 20—Indiana
Sept, Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Nov. Nov. Nov.
Sept, Oct.‘ Oct. Oct. Oct. Nov. Nov. Nov.
Sept. Oct. Oct.
MINNESOTA 25—North Dakota State* 2—Nebraska 9—-Indiana 16—Michigan 30—Notre Dame* 6—Iowa 13-Northwestern* - 20"—Wisconsin* OHIO STATE 25—Texas Christian* 2—Purdue* 9—Southern California 23—JjTorthwqstern* 30—rChicago. 6-—Indiana* 13—Illinois* 13—Michigan WISCONSIN 25—South Dakota State* 2r—Marquette* 9—Chicago
will start the guard positions, but two likely candidates are Grant and Maloney, who weight 195 and 178 lbs. At the center 'post we find Paul Humphreys, who acted as Bell’s understudy last year. His weight is 190. In the backfield are the two Isbell brothers, Cecil and Cody, who weigh in at 189 and 185. Two otner loading backfield candidates are Ju^ka and Ippolito, adding weights of 190 and 185 to the squad. That completes the squad of eleven men who'Vill see plenty of action in the'^coming season. In a few weeks that 2,17.4 lbs. will roll into action against Butler. It’s a lot of weight and it should le£^;ve its mark before the season is completed.
Penney’s Extend a Hearty Welcome to Purdue Students
BEST WISHES FOR THE SCHOOL YEAR
REMEMBER PENNEY'S SAY n VYlffl VAlUESr
SCHOOL SLACKS
fall $Q.98 worsteds styles ^ CASSIMERES OTHER STYLES —$4.98
SHIRTS—SHORTS 25c each
DRESS SHIRTS 98c
Fast Color Broadcloth Shorts % Swiss Ribbed Shirts
Whitls, plain and fancy fast color Shirts, pre-shruiik
ALL WOOL SWEATERS
LATEST STYLES
.98 - 36 TO 46
OTHER STYLES —$2.98-$3.98
SENIOR CORDS $4.49 freshman caps 39c
LEATHER JACKETS
COSSACK f 1^.90 STYLE * 36 TO 46 ANOTHER GROW-AT $5.90 TO $9.90 FANCY HOSE WORK SUITS
25c
11.50
Plain and Fancy Patterns Sizes 10 to 12
Good quality blue or grey stripe denim. Sizes 36 to 46
COTTON FLANNEL ROBES
RAYON $0.98 BL«UE,GREY, girdle ^ , WINE, BROWN MEN'S WOOL RQBES AT $5.90 CO-EDS' GYM SHOES
Regulation Whit^ Pay Us a Visit, tt Will Be Well Worth Your Time! SHOP OUR WINDOWS!
J. C. PENNEY CO.
LAFAYETTE, IND.
Drake, Former Purdue Star, Shines In All-Star Battle
John Drake, stellar .back on the last three Purdue elevens, carried the brunt of the^ College All-Stars running attack in their September 1 6-0 victory over the Green Bay Packers, 1936 National Professional
champions. Dral^e not only ripped off several good gains during the
game Sam”
but along with “Slinging Baugh of Texas Christian. and Vernon Huffman of Indiana c 0 n s i s ten tl y knocked down potential touchodwn forward passes. “Ducky” was very effective in backing up the All-Stars forward (vall, once tackling a Green Bay back on the three yard feline. The colle-
gians lone marker resulted froiB a bullet, like pass from Baugh to Tinsley of Louisiana State, Francis of Nebraska failed to convert. , „ George Bell, center and last year’s Purdue captain, was handicapped by an injured foot which kept him on the sidelines throughout the game.
All-Star
Former English Instructor To Teach At Dakota School
K. A. Barnette, 1936-37 Exponent associate editor and former student in the school of science, left Tuesday for Columbia, Mo., where, he will enroll in the University of Missouri. Barnette will e^ter the school
of journalism.
Fredri’C Weigle, of Lafayette, formerly member of the English department in the University, has been appointed head of the department of English at State Teachers’ College, Mayville, near Fargo, N. Dak. Weigle obtained his B.S. degree from George Washingtop University, Washington, D. C., and a doctor of arts degree from the University of Chicago,'
mwsl
Note the new style trends featured by Jarman in the pages of Esquire, the magaziine for men. Note the smart new lines of this Jarman Friendly straight tip. . . It’s one of our new styles for Fall. Drop in and look over our complete showing.
*5 and
FRIENDLY SHOES CUSTOM SHOES
jmammo Jarman Shoee are J read-'J'ested by actual walking testa.
Bostonians at $7.50
Fortunes at $4.00
B & W SHOE (JO.
121 North 4th Street
Oct. Oct. Oct. Nov. Nov.
Sept. Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. Nov. Nov. Nov.
Oct, Oct. Oct.' Oct. Oct, Nov. Nov.
16—Iowa* 23—Pittsburgh 30—Northwestern* 13—Purdue* 20—Minnesota IOWA 26—Washington 9—Bradley Tech* 16—Wisconsin 23^Michigan 30—Purdue 6—Minnesota* ^ 13—Indiana* 20—Nebraska - MICHIGAN , 2—Michigan State* 9—Northwestern 16—Minnesota* 23—Iowa 30—Illinois * 6—Chicago* 13—Pennsylvania
Intramural Department Plans Full Fall Program
(Continued from page 2)
prise a team, the four teams to play each other fpr the championship. All men desiring to participate in these- contests must ^ign up on the bulletin board oUtsid^ the Intramural office. Softball will be divided into fraternity and ward competition. All games the first few days will be practice games, , in order to allow the various teams to get organized and get the feel of the field. Minor Sports Several other minor sports will be “in season.” The archery range, at the south end of Intramural Field, together with the necessary equipment will be available to all.
Safety Association
Plans Meeting Here
The newly formed Indiana Association of Safety Councils will meet at the University on September 22, it was decided at a recent meeting held in Hammond,
“This University was selected as the site for the state, wide meeting of the organization because of the traffic safety program started here sevferal years ago and carrie<f on by the Purdue Public Safety Institute. Prof.' W. A. Knapp is in charge of local arrangements for the meeting.
ITie new body was formed at the northern Indiana traffic congi^ess in Hammond as a move toward coor-. dinating the work of the local safety groups throughout the state and to direct an educational campaign in an effort to lower the automobile death rate of Indiana.
Purdue Student Alliance Announces Year's Program
As part of its year’s activities, the Purdue Student Alliance, progressive student organization affiliated with the American Student Union, plans to inaugurate three major campaigns — for dptional military training, a’ cooperative book store, and better roommg house conditions. .
Claiming that compulsory R. O. T. C. training is not consistent with democratic ideals of liberty and freedom, the P. S. A. seeks to substitute an elective course.
During the next school year the P. S. A. plans to work for the establishment of a cp-op book store to be owned and operated without profit by Purdue students.
Welcome Stildents
2/3 C/ituL Si/iseL
“Where They Serve Those Delicious Home Cooked Meals for 25 Cents.” .
Our ARRQ^X^ Gordon Shirt is a winner on seven separate counts: “ , 1— Arrow collar—^the sleeki^ collar on any shirt. 2— Oxford—^the favorite yonng man’s, fabric. 3— ^Tailoring—the Mitoga form fit is tl» neatert . shirt design ever developed. ' 4^Fit—it is Sanforized-Shrunfc. 5— Guarantee—ra ^ew shirt if one ever shrudcs. 6— Correct SsLyle—either in plain or hutton-dowa collar. 7— ^Value—a day-in day-out bargain at
$2
Arrow's Only Lafayette Distributor ^ DEWENTER’S 416 Main St. ' Lafayettei- ^
“•f
h
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. September IL 1937
An Open Letter to Freshmen Dear Freshmen:
"The Corner of the Campus Yet the Center of College Activities,” in a short by-line, refers to the location of a building on the southeast corner of the campus and to its place in the day to day activities of the average student. However, the Union, the Purdue Memorial Union, is much more than a ^^building. It is an idea, something intangible, an organization to which every student belongs as soon as he matriculates. Its active history before the building began is longer than the history of the present brick and stone. Thousands of alumni and students generously contributed some $600,000 that this present generation might use and expand its facilities. No state appropriation or tax money has or will be spent on construction, operation, or maintenance. ^ The Union has for sale many services and facilities though most necessary for students. Food in the large Cafeteria, Chestnut Rdbm, Sweet Shop, and Grill is good, clean, and wholesome, and is at reasonable prices. Play on billiard tables, bowling alleys, admission to the Union Saturday night dances, sleeping rooms, telegrams, long distance telephone tolls, barber service, or merchandise must be paid for with the usual cash. Nevertheless, a lar-ge part of the Union’s space and efforts are devoted to facilities lor activities that are without any financial cost to the user. And it is
such facilities that the Union is most anxious to advertise And sell.
Become familiar with the Union as soon as you can. Ask at either of the two desks for information. Learn to use the Browsing Room on the first floor, the Music Room on the second floor, rehearsal pianos, and the Game Room on the ground floor for chess, checkers, and cards. Become interested in the extracurricular work of the Student Union Board which manages the activities within the building and the many other activities which have 'offices and facilities within the building, such as the Purdue Independent Association, Women’s Self-Governing Association, the Debris, Engineer, Agriculturist, and Y.W.C.A. Participate in the splendid amateur dramatics of Playshop or join the Camera Club and use its dark room in the sub-basement, or find others to join with you in following your own hobby. Use the Union to make new friends and keep old ones. Make a habit of just walking through the Union once a day, and don’t ever feel embarrassed within its walls. Frequent the Lounges. Telephone your local friends from the Union without charge. "I’ll meet you at the Union” is smart. So, for a happy, successful college career, use all of these free facilities.
Please remember always, that no matter how frequently advertisements in
these pages ask for your patronage in the Barber Shop, Cafeteria, Billiard
Room, Grill, Sweet Shop, Union Club rooms. Chestnut Room, or Bowling Alleys, that the Union is just as anxious that you read in its Browsing Room,
play music recordings in the Music Room and use its free facilities without ever spending a dime.
INSPECT THE UNION TODAY AND TOMORROW AND WATCH THE NEWS AND EDITORIAL COLUMNS OE "THE PURDUE EXPONENT” FOR IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENTS.
THE PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION The Corner of the Campus Yet the Center of College Activities
lmm\\m\\m\mm\\\m\\\\\\m\\\m\\\m\\\\m\\m\\\\\\\m\m\\mm\m\\\\\m\mmmm\\mm\m\m\\\\\\\\m\[\\\\\m\m\m\\mmm\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\m\\\\\m\\m
’si
pfl®\
%
»-w!* ■
CO-EDITS
B|y Elizabeth Pyke
~ Co-Ed Editor One of the first problems that a freshman co-ed‘ meets upon entering the University is that of making friends. And the cultivation of friends is one of the most important aspects of her college life, for, ^ as many graduates will tell you, the contacts which you make with yqur fellow students and with your instructors are a very valuable part
of your education.
Shyness in meeting other women at the University can be overcome partly by the manifestation of lively and genuine interest in the persons in whose company you find yourself. “Where is your home?” and “What course are you taking?” are standard questions for begin-
ning conversations. Talking Subjects
Once started, you should have little difficulty in finding a talking subject, one that may lead to the founding of a long-lived friendship ^ooks, movies, hobbies, school ^ork high school experiences — one of these will surely supply a common conversational ground. Since you are limited by time and work in the acquiring of friends, it is not unwise to exercise some judgment in choosing them. Your habits at the University, and consequently your grades, and the you who emerges from this exposure to higher education will be greatly determined by your companions here.
Family Of Friends
Of course you will tend to gravitate towards those persons who are most like you. Those co-eds who share thoughts, tastes, and background similar to your own will naturally form the nucleus of your
family of fi^iends.
You need not assume the affected air of a snob in temaining indifferent to co-eds with whom you do not care to associate intimately. Sincerity will win the respect of all who know ydu. And as you become older you will care less about what others think of you and more about your own opinion of yourself. Always remember that in order for a conversation to be successful there has to be a listener; and since most persons like to talk, you can make friends by learning to be a sympathetic listener.
y
e Purdue
Exponent
Third Section CO-ED NEWS Eight Pages
Lafayette, Indiana, September 11, 1937
“What Dress Shall I Wear Today?” Asks New Freshman Co-ed. Here’s The .^swer Fi'eshmeti^ women, here’s another to add to your lists of “Thou Shalts” and “Thou Better Hadn’ts.” One of the first perplexities you will be having is the eternal question “what to wear.” > ' Perhaps the most powerful dictator on this issue is th,e weather. Our toasty “Indian Sum-
Dean Enders Makes Survey Of '37 Science Graduates Dean Enders reports that out of 53 women graduates in the scienee school in June, 1937, 27 have already received positions, nine aVe to be married, and the remaining 17 have not been heard from. There are five teachers, five bacteriologists or technicians and five continuing university work on masters degrees. Graduates have scattered themselves one each in positions as office machine demonstrator, home demonstration agent, a chemist, a librarian, a histologist, a social service worker and a laboratory worker.
!r” is a good excuse to leave out a couple of your favorite sumr cotton or silk frocks. These are more comfortable than your most ir ristible new knit for the hot, tedious hours you will spend trying to register in the Armory. Don’t tote any of those cute new accessories along that day either; you will have enough trouble keeping tractk of your fountain pen, pocketbook, and
schedule cards. Don Washables
If the first school days are warm (in spite of the fact you are aching to show off a gay new wool), just don your washables and pray for ice; the katy-dids predicted the third week in September would bring the first frost. Now about hats and gloves. On campus both are superfluous—at least until the weather gets a bit nippy. We are afraid to predict anything about scarfs and hankies worn on the head. But hats do go to church, receptions, convocations.
Reception Tea
You will wear your-^‘b6st afternoon” gown of silk or velvet (with aforesaid bonnet and mitts) to the reception for freshman women, the tea to be held tomorrow afternoon at the Women’s,Residence Hall for new girls and their counselors.
You may doll up in similar ma:^ ner for later receptions and teas, tea-dances, church, or maybe a mixer, if your escort wants to see a movie first. However, the traditional mixer dress is a long, informal gown or a dinner dress. Formats are frowned upon at mixers, unless, of
Prof. Shanf-z-Hansen Ends Summer European Tour Prof. Laurantza Schantz-Hansen, head of the design department of the Home Economics school, returned this week from a three months’ trip abroad. Her itinerary included a fiveweeks’ stay in Denmark, ajben-day visit in Paris, tours into Sweden, France, England, Belgium, Holland, and an airplane flight from Paris to London.
Dean Stratton Tours Eastern Girls ’ Schools Upon Return From Abroad
Dr. Dorothy C. Stratton, University Dean of Women, didn’t have enough travel after her trip to Europe. Seemingly, she was still going strong when she disembarked at New York, so she visited colleges ih the East before coming back to West Lafayette. After reaching Boston, she had luncheon at the Harvard Club, which permits women in only one section of the building. The placement service of the institution, its organiza-^ tion and accomplishments, interested her a great deal. Wellesl^ Beautiful Wellesley, not far from Boston, had the most beautiful campus, she thought. She merrily said hello to it for Miss Claire Coolidge, assistant dean of women, alumna of the famous institution. The college is situated on a lake, and cleverly landscaped. The build»ings are well spaced and respectably, charmingly old. Dr. Stratton’s question as to why Wellesley people didn’t rave long and fluently over the beauty of their grounds only made Miss Coolidge smile—as if it needed press agenting! , Mt. Holyoke Prim “To a casual observer, Mt. Holyoke is conservative, much more so
than Wellesley,” remarked the University’s dean of women. Founded by Mary Lyons, always a leader and an example to be followed by other institutions of higher learning for women, the college recently had a good deal of internal dissension over the next president—^which sex ? Did it have to be a woman ? “They have a man for president,” Dr. Stratton finished the Mt. Holyoke tale. Smith, with its pleasant, somewhat mathematical campus, was visited next. There she gave special greetings since it is Miss Ruth Houghton’s, new placement bureau head, alma mater. Vassar at Poughkeepsie^ New York, was notable for its pine trees, stately enough for the college and its slightly snooty reputation. The gray stone wall—flat rocks carefully placed in a continuous stack— about the campub was unusual and attractive to her college campus fapiiliar eyes. Visits Kuehn, Griffin Dorothy Kuehn and Virginia Griffin,^ Purdne ’37, and ’36 respectively, were visited at I.B.lil. in Endicott (International Business MacMne^to those not initial minded). These graduates are well thought of at (Continued on page 2)
course, you have been somewhere formal beforehand. In A Quandary If you are in a quandary about the right "outfit when the convocations come along, just remember that listening to concert artists, lecturers, and campus notables rqally more of an occasion than a class meeting. Maybe you have heard »runiors that in the Women’s Residence Halls and the sororities you must dress for dinner in the evening. Nothing so pompous-as a formal or even a fussy silk garb is required, but change into something comfortable and different from what you have worn all day. Shoes vs. Slippers As for shoes and sox, this com birfation goes to class and sport events, while hose and slippers (dress-up for fancy shoes) attend finer occasions. Be kind to your feet; going to college is hard on them. In summing up our sermon we may say that if you select your clothes for comfort and ease of care, you will have more time to enjoy college, and you will find greater enjoyment in your time here. Home Economics Faculty To Increase Memberslip From the office of Dean Matthews in the home economics school comes the following announcement of changes m the faculty. Miss Wilma Miller, former halftime assistant in foods and nutrition, and dietitian in the nursery school, has taken a position in the home economics school at DePauw. She Will be on the teaching staff and in charge of the home management house. Miss Miller received her M.S. degree from the University this summer.
;
Dr. Marion'-E. Griffith, of Columbus, O., will replace Mrs. Edward E. Lee, in the capacity of assistant professor of clothing and textiles. g iffith has been assisting in research at Ohio Agricul:periment Station since 1929. eived her B.S. degree at Ohio State in 1923, her M.S. degree at Iowa State in 1927, and her Ph.D. at Ohio State in 1934. A new half-time assistant in institutional management will be Miss Doris E. Deckert from Riverton, Wyo. She received her B.S. degree at Iowa State in 1937. '' Hastie To Teach Design Miss Constance Hastie will teach full time in the design and clothing and textile departments. Another new half-time assistant will be Miss Marjorie Acheson of Chicago. She will teach home administration and live in the secondhome management house. Miss Acheson has been teaching vocational home economics since she received her B.S. degree from Iowa State in 1930. Food and Nutrition faculty has acquired two half-time assistants: Miss Mary Louise Bowen, who has been chief dietitian at the Ohio State University Hospital at^Columbns for the past seven years; and Miss Esther C. McKinney, who received her A.B. at Park College^ in Parkville, Mo. Goeppinger Made Instructor Miss Helen Goeppinger, formerly assistant in design, has been changed in rank to instructor. In the foods and nutrition department Miss Ms^rgqret Johnson has been advanced from instructor to assistant professor.
Counsels Co-eds
Co-ed$ Again Arrange Deferred Rush Period Sororities Will Entertain Rushees From Odober 1 / 2-7; Panhellenk Council Requires Two Dollars Fee Deferred rush for^ssj^en has against been arranged by the Women’s Pan-hellemc^oundl. Rush will start oflScially at 2 p. m. Saturday, OctoWr 2, and will close October 7 at 8 p. m. Maiy Gene Jarr^, president of the Pan-hellenic Council, when interviewed^esterday, said that during the two weeks before rush, “pros^ctive rushees
Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, who returned recently from England and the continent. Date Bureau Will Arrange Matclies
4
For New Women Students May Chpose Own Partners Or Try Luck With Blind Date Counselors who wish to get dates for theii:^ freshmen or transfer wornmust do so through the date bureau. This is to avoid conflicting with the Pan Hellenic Council rush rules. Louise Bam, junior science student, will be in charge of the bureau. This year an effort will be made to match girls and boys with dates of their own choice as well as arranging entirely “blind” dates. In the case of blind dates, matching will be attempted on the basis of class, height, dancing ability and general appearance. A committee with Miss Bain as chairman will judge each applicant at the time of the interview. , Men/or women who want‘dates should!apply at the bureau in the W.S.G.A. office in the Union Building wh^e all arrangements will be made for the date for the applicant. Last night the bureau did its first bit of work for the mixer and will be in full working order for tonight’s dance. / Optimistic Ruth Houghton Directs Co-ed Placement By Sally McKee ' Miss Ruth Houghton is fulfilling Dean Stratton’s promise of last June to have a placement service director for women. “I want to interview ufiderclassmen as well as seniors and alumnae,” she said when we talked to her. “It is important that we know what to look for for the girls, that we piay assist them in choosing useful courses.” Field Work A large part of Miss Houghton’s time will be spent in “fiel^ work”—visiting employers in order to get vocational information and leads toward future placements. One of the very important features of the placement service office will be a library for student use—a library of books, pamphlets, catalogs giving requirements and suggestions about the various fields of work open to women. Here also will be Miss Houghton’s own first hand reports resulting from her field work. Vocational Secretary Miss Houghton, a 1929 Smith College graduate, who was assistant vocational secretary at Smith last year, did her graduate work in the placement field at New York University.
can acquaint thenilselves with all sororities hnd see members of every sorority on and off the canipus, thus becoming better able t6 choose a congenial group.” Fee For Rush Each rushee will pay a fee of $2.00 on October 1, between 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. at the Pan-hellenic desk in the Union Building. This will ascertain the number of women going through formal rush. Openhouse tea, three informal dinners, and a preference dinner will be held by each sorority during rush week. All organized rushing functions are to be held in the respective sorority houses. All rushing is to cease daily at 8:30 p. m., except Sunday, October 3, when no rushing is permitted by the council. Preference night dinner invitations will be received and signed at the Union from 7:30 a. m. to 1 p. m. Thursday, October 7. No dates for these dinners may be broken. Rush chairmen will call for replies to preference dinner invitations the afternoon of October 7. Preferential Bidding Procedure Following the preference dinner, each rushee will sign her preference card at the Panhellenic desk. She will indicate on the card where she may be reached until 11 p. m. on October 7. ^ Lists of desired rushees from sorority houses are due by 10 o’clock after the preference night dinners. Sorority lists and rushees’ preference cards will be matched by Panhellenic lawyers, after which the pledge list for each sorority will be announced.
I
Pledging Information Rush chairmen will deliver invitations to pledging by 8 o’clock the morning of October 8 at the Panhellenic desk. Rushees may call for invitations until 4 p. m. October 8, any time after which pledging ceremonies may be held by the various organizations. Pledge training for freshmen and sophomores is to last 108 days, but the training period for upperclass women and special ^tudents is not prescribed by the council. A pamphlet containing rush rules has been published and distributed by the Panhellenic Association to all prospective rushees. Open rush will be held for a short time the second semester, dates for which will be set later by the council.
WSGA Entertains Freshmen Co-eds At Tea Tomorrow All Incoming Women Supplied Counselors One hundred and ten counselors and all of the expected 300 freshmen co-eds will be entertained Sunday afternoon at 4 o’clock on the terrace of the Women’s Residence Hall at a tea given by the Orientation committee of the W.S.G.A. The tea is the first step in the program of the committee to help the new women become adjusted at Purdue and to meet University people and their fellow students. Yesterday afternoon the counselors had a meeting at which arrangements were made for the year’s program and care was taken that all new women were supplied with counselors. This meeting was a precautionary measure against overlooking any new women. In case a new girl has not heard fro|n her mentor she should contact a member of the committee immediately today. Mentors Now Counselors The 110 counselors were chosen from a group of 200 who applied last semestei for a position as mentor. The name mentor has been changed to counselor in order to avoid confusion. Each of the applicants for counselor places were interviewed by the committee and the final group chosen on the basis of ideas suggested at these interviews. Each counselor has the names of three new students whom she is to assist in any possible way during the first year. A faculty committee is now making plans to suggest to the orientation committee for carrying the program throughout the year. Second Meeting This afternoon at 2 o’clock there will be a second meeting of counselors which is compulsory. The committee is composed of Georganna Huber, Louise Bain, Mary Cooley, Betty Elstun, Cue Holden, Betty Klien, Mary Alice Masters, and Virginia Slocum.
! X
Home Economics Graduates Assume Varied Positions As Teachers, Dietitians, Home Demonstration Agents
June graduates of the Home Economics school have found a v&riety of positions in a great many states. The many girls who are instructors in hom6 economics are finding September calling them back to school, only this time they are qn the teaching side. Mrs. Riley Shuttleworth (formerly Mary Bell) is licensed for substitute teaching in Cleveland, O. Margaret Dimmick is the instructor of vocational home economics at Thornto\jm. Mary Dix located at Earl Park teaching home economics and science.
Florer Teaches
Betty Ann Florer has the position of home* economics teacher in the vocational departments at Advance and Jamestown. Georgia Etalstead is an instructor in home economics at Brook. Mary Frances Hibner teaches physical education in high school along with her instruction of vocational home economics at Pulaski. Gertrude Johnson holds the same kind of a position in Waterloo. Edna Hutson stepped right into the job of teaching home economics in Leb-
anon high school.
Regina Kelly is the instructor of home economics and physical education in the vocational department of Wea Township school in '^ppecanoe county. Mildred Mills is teaching home economics and English at Eden, in Hancock county. Esther Mitchell has the position of home
economics instructor at Eminence, while Mary Evalyn Rushton holds the same job at Decker ChapeL Alice Stair is the vocational and science instructor for Clarks Hill and Stockwell jointly. Louanna Thompson combines physical educatidh, with her home economics instruction at Boswell. Mary Margaret Tyner is teaching English at Mount Comfort, Hancock county. Dietitions The dietitians are serving their internships in city and university hospitals scattered all over the country. Luvenia Bramblett is' at Grasslands Hospital, Valhalla, N., Y.; Margaret Carter, Montefior© Hospital in New York City; Kathleen Cox, University Hospital in Indianapolis; Lois Hixott, Indiana University Hospital in Indianapolis; Marjorie Jeanne fitunter, Cincinnati General Hospital, Cincinnati, 0.; Zedia Jacobson, Michael Reese Hosspital, Chicago, lU.; WiUeRa Lee, Western Pennsylvania Hospital, Pittsburgh, Pa.; Jane Leonard, Vanderbilt University Hospital, Nashville, Tenn,; Dorothy Symons, Ui^versity of Iowa Hospitall Iowa City, la.; Mary Elizabeth Tyler, University of Cleveland Hospital, Cleveland, 0.; Margaret Watson, BethIsrael Hospital, Newark, N. J. Managevial Positions The institutional management (Continued on page 4)
'•IH
^s
. iCMu 5
n
m
■Witf
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, September 11, 1937
Spotless, Colorful, New WRH North “The Modern Co-ed Home Beautiful”
North Hall, new unit of the Women’s Residence Hall, seems as beautiful as its sister South Hall, with improvements. Color, bountifully yet tastefully used, seems a keynote in the decoration of the hall, finished this month. Miss Helen B. Schleman, director of both halls, says the two will be run as a single unit, but that the kitchens and dining rooms will be run separately. The North Hall kitchen is green and silver, designed by convenience experts. Although Miss Naomi McGuire, supervisor of foods and housekeeping, will plan menus for both dining halls, she wnll direct two forces of kitchen help. Entrance Hall The entrance hall, with wood paneling, cream-brown tile floor, and occasional chairs around the wall, begins a visitor’s impression of pleasant color. Past the desk, to the taupe carpeted living room, bright figured draperies, upholstered chairs and divans, highly polished tables, the visitor is shown by proud but modest Head Resident Roberta Connolly or Chaperones Hilda Schwehn and Floience Claik. Small rooms, also beautifully furnished with divan, chairs and end tables, adjoining the long living loom, are explained as date looms. Dining Room The dining room, with its light wood paneling and bright pottery filled shelves on eithei side of its white fiieplace at the far end, its highly waxed gray and wine slate floois, and gleaming oak tables and chans, makes a visitor wishful of a dinner there. Still on the first floor are found several student rooms with connecting baths, and Miss Connolly’s suite with blue and mahogany secretary desk and coffee table. Students’ rooms on second floor seem luxurious. Maple desk, bedstead, dresser, I, £l. S. lamp, are provided for each girl. Scatter rugs in homespun or hooked rug patterns, colored draperies, complete the room furnishings. The indirect lighting lamps are among the improvements over South Hall ih^the recent unit. Comfortable rooms, with a kitchenette at the side, are the lounges, the only place on second floor where smoking is allowed. Pink marble showers and baths, sepal ate sinks for lingerie washing, delight the color battered guest. Third Floor Innovation Third floor is an innovation to WRH. It is the infirmary. Nurse Alice Price has a room so thoroughly equipped it looks like a doctor’s office. Her suite, the office, and the six room, ele'ven bed inflrmaiy are in her charge. These rooms too have soft colors making thenf pleasant. The isolation room has a private bath, which has tiled floors and walls, both colored. From windows on the inside of the building, views of the diamond shaped court between the two halls are obtained. The two units are built in a triangular arrangement. Basement Fiom third to the basement, is a long distance, a WRH tourist finds,^ but entirely worth the descent. There are found such conven-
iences as eight wash tubs', four ironing boards, and fourteen mesh wire, lockable compartments for drying clothes without theft. A sewing room with two machines and a regulation three-doored fitting mirror are provided for WRH'ers who might need to mend some
clothes.
A shampoo room, equipped with lavatories, sprays, and hair dryers is also in the basement. The recreation rooms, soundproof of ceiling, colorful and luxurious of furnishings, will be used for dates, ping pong, cards, and dances. Smoking is permitted here. The tunnel between halls, used only by members of the hall staffs, the furnace room, various closets are glimpsed by the tourist before he leaves the North Hall basement. Back On First Back on the first floor, a visitor is shown the offices, the locked mail boxes, the multi-wired switchboard, the reading and radio -room, cosy because of a fireplace, th^ telephone booths, the pay stations for long distance calls, the lavatories for men apd women guests. He glances again at the blend of colors and fabrics in the living room, remembers the beauty of the whole hall, and IS envious of the fortunate residents, and proud of the University’s new Women’s Residence Hall. Civil Engineer OMains Mew Position Wifi GMC Paul G.' O’Connor, C.E. ’35, has accepted a position with the General Motors Corporation. His new job as construction engineer will consist of handling the preparation of plans, letting of contracts, and the inspection of the new plant be mg erected at Kokomo. In order to accept this ndw pdsi tion, O’Connor resigned his position with Blair Building Construction Company of Montgomery, Ala. Crepps Elected To Testing Committee Professor R. B. Crepps, of the University school of civil engineering, was appointed a member, of the committee on glass and glass products at the annual meeting of the American Society of Testing Materials in New York City re-
cently.
During the summer Professor Crepps has been acting in an advisory capacity with the OwensIllinois Glass Company and has made extensive trips to various parts of the country in the inter ests of glass block construction.
University Heaith Service Has New Co-ed Physician Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service,^ has announced the employment of Dr. Bertha ^Rose, M. D., Indiana University 1927, to succeed Dr. Claive Healey as woman physician at the University Health Service. Dr. Rose, who was employed in the Gary public schools as school doctor last year, .has had a wide experience in public medical service, having spent some time in California. ' Dr. Healey left after a year at the University Health Service to take a position at the University of Michigan.
Dieterle Wins Four Year Columbia U. Fellowship Frederick E. Dieterle, a graduate from the school of science last June, is a recipient of one of the 59 fellowships given this year at Columbia University, New York City. The award is a four-yeai^ fellowship of $500 per year. Dieterle has been highly praised by Dean Enders, of the school of science. He achiever meritous grades, although he worked his way through school. Dieterle is Purdue’s representative among the 37 colleges and universities where students received fellpwships ranging from $100 to $500.
Dean Stratton Tours Eastern Girls' Schools (Continued from page 1)
the training school, and will soon leave for positions in the middlewest, Dean Stratton reported. Miss Kuehn will go to Detroit, Miss Griffin to Chicago. Cornell’s rolling campus and tall trees were impressive to the travelling dean. The union building there is recognized by a true Cornell son only by the term, “social center,” or Williard Straight Hall. The Balch Halls there are, said Miss Stratton, foremost in living halls for women. Four halls arranged in a quadrangle, each in a different style — Georgian, Gramar«y Park, Early American and 18th Century—r delighted Purdue’s dean of women, especially interested because of the new halls here. The final stop was at Grove City College, Grove City, Pa., where she saw the women’s new building where Df. Kathryn MacHale made a dedication speech.
(Ad. No. 3)
LOWEST PRICES ON SUPPLIES
FOR
Fraternities . . . Sororities . . . Clubs and Organizations
Pure White "Lily” >4 Fpld Napkins, per case of lOM Napkins
$8.00
Per case of 5M Napkins . .
$4.40
"Just-Wun” Folded Paper Towels, 3,750 towels in a case, price per case
$4.85
"Dandy Roll” Paper Towels, 3,750 towels to case, price per case
$3.15
"No Waste” Toilet Paper, the very finest quality, 125 packages per case. . ..
$8.00
"Roll Toilet Paper” 2,000 sheets to roll, finest quality, 100 rolls to case, price per case ...
$9.00
Per V2 case, 50 rolls, same as above
$4.75
Filing Cabinets, Desks, Safes, Chairs, Tables, Toilet Paper, Paper Napkins, and Towels, Liquid Soaps and Dispensers, Record Books, Mimeographs, Engraving, Vortex Drinking Cups. ^ Haywood’s (Established 1826) Retail Department Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette, Ind. Publishers Indiana State Printers Stationers
Former West Side High Pupils To Attend Purdue Forty-two of the 72 June graduates from West Lafayette High School will be among the couple thousand freshmen who take part in the orientation activities this morning- - Those coming to Purdue include: Bernice Beisel, Betty Sheay, Robert Bailey, Joyce Burnham, Dorothy Holden, Bette Smith, Elrding Merley, Charlotte Finney, Wilma Wierenga, J. C. Wayne, Alleen Atkins,
George Moore, Hunter Smith, Mary Riley, Warren Archibald, Lela Gabler, Nancy Mahin, Mary Burtsfield, Ruth Bryant, Delen Fleming, Margaret Young, Trevor Reiley, Willard Knapp. Others planning to enroll are: John Van Camp, Ronald Wilson, Catherine Himes, Richard Smith, Opal George, Jack Barnette, James McKee, Helen Stanley, George Wolf, Joe Wurtenberger, Leo Van Camp, James Smith, Merton Clevett, Edward Davis, Millard Overton, Glenn West, James Dienhart, Alexander Fulks, Karl Smiley, Ralph Striebinger.
For Students of Good Taste We Carry a Complete Stock of / r Rubinstein Preparations Yardleys Old English Lavender LeAtheric Preparations Twee(i - Shanghai^ - Gardenia " Miricle Vellinger’s Prescription Pharmacy Free Delivery to West Side 834 Main St. Phone 2727
|lillllllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllliniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii||iii£
'E
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
Freshmen. - ^ - Welcome to Purdue
You have picked a good school and a good town. We suppose you are busy these first few days getting acquainted—so while you are about it, drop in and say, Hello! We are the first clothing store on the Lafayette side of the levee. And we’ll cash your checks gladly. Some of the incidentals you will need are listed below. THE TRADITIONAL FRESHMAN POTS 39c sturdy Coveralls $1.48 and $1.98 ' Laundry Bags — canvas with heavy sSo“Trouserf,''ijrcoiors cardboard refill. Full size 22x15 in. Sweatefs $1.98 and up (h 'I “T” Shirts t.48c Sweat Socks 29c AND COMPLETE LINE OF MEN’S \FURNISHINGS * RELIABLE »!» CLOTHING STORE
I' 20% Discoynt | I Delivery service is not | I available. We offer you | I 20^® off on all laundry, dry j I cleaning, hat cleaning or | I shoe repairing brought in | I and called for until deliv- | I ery service is again'avail- | I able. I
AMERICAN UUNDRYi.Wi'
. '.K *
' I
Saturday# September 11. 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
aCTtVITIES
feshman Talent, Ambition May Find Outlets In Work
“Activities”—an. integral part of ' campus life—^is perhaps among the most powerful educational agents at Purdue. To the freshman they mean work; to the sophomore, work and hope; to the junior, work and glory ;^to the senior, again more work. The. term is, ideally, synonymous with participation in extra curricular affairs -jwhich interest the individual students. In actuality, however, it is a cross between drudgery, interesting work, learning to meet people, practical professional training, and acquiring a collegiate savoir faire. It is the hope of the Exponent, in presenting these briefs concerning major campus activities, that freshmen can glean some idea of the work done in these fields, the work required' beginners in the various groups, and the part activities play in Purdue campus life. Athletic Managerships Remaining always on the sidelines, getting no share of the cheers, but nevertheless just as essential as any star player are the student athletic managers whose job it is to oversee equipment, help players, keep things running smooth. Each sport has its separate managerial staff, picked and trained by coaches and advanced managers. Freshman and sophomore managers
To Become a Manager Watch the columns of the Exponent. At some time during the re-‘ spective seasons each sport will issue a call for freshman and sophomore managers. Report as directed; the coaches will give all necessary information.
may be unlimited in number and are recruited at various times throughout the year b3^_ a call issued through the columns of the Exponent. At the end of the season the coaches, captain, and senior managers pick from the sophomores one or two junior managers. Junior managers, if their work is satisfactory, automatically become senior managers the following year. Hard work is the basis for choice. Reward for hard managerial work comes when the teams take their managers with them on trips.
Debris
Chroniclers of Purdue personalities, scenes, events are the members of the Debris staff who leave behind them each May a large, beau'tifully bound volume—the yearbook, pictorially and editorially a record of -6,000 student’s activity and achievements at their University. Senior editors plan the book and lay out the “dummy”; junior department heads d^o a large part of theVriting, photography, and other work; sophomore assistants, work-
Debris Openings Sophomore aspirants for staff positions are expected to report after a call issued in the Exponent usually during the second week of school. A few freshmen will be taken on near the end of the second semester.
ing for the department heads, compile data,- do writeups, help with the countless little odd jobs that go with the publishing of a large pic-ture-book. - A separate business staff handles the financial end of the book. To date no advertising has been included in the Debris. Beginners on the yearbook are usually sophomores. However a few freshmen are taken oh the business staff near the end of the year. This activity offers positions to those interested in writing, photography, art work, or salesmanship. Board elections occuring in May serve to pick junior and senior editors; the electorial board consists of outgoing editors, pampus politics is kept out of these elections.
Musical Organizations Musical talent in almost any form can be a ticket of admission into the many musical organizations operating here at Purdue under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, and Prof. P. S. “Spots” Emrick. Stewart" heads the vocal groups —the Men’s Glee Club, the Women’s Glee Club, the Concert Choir, and the University Choir. “Spots” Emrick directs the University Military Band. Membership in the Men’s Glee Club is approximately 50', in the Women’s 36. Both Glee clubs make concerts both in town and abroad throughout the year. Containing about 80 eds and coeds, the University Choir sings for
Musical Tryouts Prospective band members sliould arrange for tryouts with '^Professor Emrick before registration in the Band room in the Armory. Aspirants for choral positions should apply to A1 Stewart.
monthly religious convocations and other special occasions. Comprised of 140 pieces last year, the University Military Band provides entertainment on many occasionS(—football games, ROTC review^^- pep sessions, concerts, etc. Members of all four classes play in the band, freshmen and sophomores in lieu\of basic military training, and juniors and seniors by elective preference.
Job-Fixer
Dr. J. E. Walters, director of the University’s highly organized Engineering Personnel Department. Other Publications Agriculturist, Engineer, • Independent, Pharmacist, Scrivener. Of particular interest to the groups indicated by their names, these publications are run very much on the same order as the Ex ponent. Engineering, pharmacy, and agriculture students edit and publish their own magazines. The Independent is published by the Purdue Independent Association. The Scrivener Club writes and edits their own magazine, tHe Scrivener. Engineer staff members first re-
To Go Out Agriculturist: see or call T. K. Parkison, editor. Engineer: answer the call in the Exponent or see D. D. Baals, editor. Independent: See any PIA student, or see D. M. Meacham, editor. Pharmacist: see or call H. Hopkins, editor. Scrivener: drop contributions in the box in University Hall or see any member of the club.
port in their freshman or sophomore years. Elections at the end of the second 'year determine the associate editors and business heads, while the senior offices are chosen the following year. Only those connected with the Scrivener Club work on its magazine. Yearly elections choose the staff members of the Agriculturist from first, second, and third year candidates. Independent election^ are handled through the PIA board and all members are eligible to work on the paper. An electorial board selects officers for the I^harmacist at the end of the sophomore and junior years.
the Exponent
Service Directory
Hardware
Beauty Studio
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
^XORRECT ^ B^AIjTY TREATMENT Kienly Beauty Studio
\ Printing'
Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main ai 7th Phone 6050 a
SUDDEN i mRINTING SERVICE Office Stationery . Rj Wedding: ' Invitations Sales Books, Etc. . CASSEL’S
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY Most exclusive assortment of corsagres available to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
JioJth J’loJiiaJt \ Inc. 635 Mmn St. in Luna Theatre \ Building: PhonV7955—8050
Jewelry
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
BooksUnres
“DEAc\ Everything for a\ College EducationX H. G. REISNER \
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker ThiSvis all we do, but we do it wellOpposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferfy St.
Dine
HuduX. DINE pANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING. U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
Locksmith \
“C” CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairing: Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Tailor
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor ' Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic' DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg, Phone 5701
Photography
Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St, West Lafayette
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119'/z Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
BRIEF
Many Companies Emphasize Importance Of Activities The importance of campus activities is emphasized by the fact that representatives of companies employing seniors arfe requesting more and more frequently information about the activities in which the student has participated, i Although they ask about scholarship first, participation in extra-curricular activities seems to be of growing importance. Although the correlation between scholarship and salary after graduation is higher than the correlation between salaries and achievement in extra-curricular activities, a study by the Bell Telephone System of their college graduates indicates that substantial achievement in ac-*"" tivities is important. The types of activities found to be most desirable from the standpoint of salary after graduation were, in the order of their importance: (1) Editorial and forensic, (2) Managerial, (3) Social, (4) Athletic, and (5) Musical and dramatic. Many students do not find time to participate in activities and some who take the time do so at the detriment of their scholarship. The Bell System studies showed that a man with excellent scholarship and moderate achievement in activities was better than high achievement in activities and' average scholarship. However, botlHliigh achievement in activities and excellent scholarship is the ideal. In general then, extra-curricular activities are important, and it is hoped that each student will participate to some extent in them. —J. E. WALTER^, Director of Engineering Personnel
Playshop
Requiring not only acting talent, but also engineering, managerial, and executive ability, the Purdue Playshop, campus dramatic organization, is a complete theatrical production group. Besides actors, the Playshop roster includes student designers, painters, carpenters, lighting experts, costumers, cosmeticians, busi-
To Go Out For Playshop Watch for announcements in the Exponent or get in touch with H. K. Carmichael. Appointments for tryouts will probably be made at some later date.
ness staff members. Four major productions are usually made each year in addition to several one-act plays. Would-be dramatists, according to H. Kenn Carmichael, Playshop director, need only a lively interest in the theatre to become eligible for Playshop. Regardless of class, dramatic jobs are given to students judged most capable and suited for them. Places are available in Playshop not only for actors, but for all others interested in stage technique and production. Radio—W6AA Radio voice of Purdue University is station WBAA, located on the campus in the Electrical Engineering Building. Student talent, student announcing, student technical work are incorporated in the daily radio programs of this University statiop. Station operation is in charge of John Hammond, a Purdue graduate in electrical engineering, while pro-
Going Out For WBAA Students interested in technical work should report to Hammond in the EE Building, while students who wish to go on the air as announcers or as program managers should see Dammon. grams and announcing are handled by C. E. Dammon, of the University speech department. Both freshmen and upperclassmen are eligible for membership on the WBAA staff, and those in charge of the station are anxious that students with radio talent try out. Programs, announcing, etc., are awarded according to the merits of the candidates.
WSGA
allotted a certain number of senators according to a system of proportional representation. Nominations of candidates will be made approximately a month before the end of the first semester, and the elections will be run off at the second semester registration. Numerous friends plus some form of political backing is the formula employed by most successful candi-
To Become a Senator Be sure that you are nominated at your school, nomination meeting at the end of the semester. Watch the columns of the Exponent for information concerning these meetings.
dates. After elections the new student senators are assigned to various committees where they carry out the work of the organization. Freshmen hold office one semester. Officers of the Senate are elected by the senators themselves; they are upperclassmen.
Exponent Page Page five of the first section of this issue has been devoted to Exponent as an activity. A full description of the work and op---^jprtunities on this, the University daily student publication,\is iricluded.
Student Union
While “corner of campus; center of activities” pertains to the Memorial Union Building, “promoter of student activities” would aptly describe the organization^ known as the Purdue Student Union. On its comprehensive schedule are included regular Saturday night mixers, decorations and arrangements for nearly all large campus dances, an annual “Union” show— student produced, student acted, and student managed, utilizing the talents of Over 150 eds 'and. coeds— campus clubs, multitudinous dinners and entertainments. Unlimited openings are waiting in this activity for ambitious frosh and sophomore workers. Each of 13
To Work On The Union ’ Soon after the opening of school the Union board will issue a call for freshmen and sophomore workers. Watch for a notice in the Exponent and report where directed.
Peeling the need for their own private governing body in addition to the rule of the Senate, co-eds at Purdue have formed their Women’s Self-Governing Association. Membership in the association is automatically extended to all co-eds. WSGA officers, co-ed activity heads, WSGA committee chairmen compose an executive board; A sepTo Go Oiif For WSGA Report to the WSGA office )vhen call is issued for committee membership. —V arate judicial board considers all violations of women’s rules and renders decisions on, them. Various commituaes take care of social projects—^the Wntor system, the activities banquet the GoldDiggers’ Dance, and the campus style stow. \ Each freshman co-ed has an opportunity to take part in committee work. Early ip the fall all co-eds will be given a chance to sign up for Any committee thoy may be interested in. Each class selects two representatives on the executive board while all co-eds vote in the election for WSGA president.
Student Senate
Purdue students are self-govern-ing. Seat of this self-government is the Student Senate, composed of undergraduates representing all schools and classes. Representatives are chosen from each class by popular vote at registrations. Each class and school is
vice-presidents is allowed a staff of 30 underclassmen who assist vrith the varied projects. At the end of each year the Union board—^junioi*s, seniors, faculty advisers—^nominates vice-presidential candidates from the roster of sophomore workers. Quality and amount of work are bases for these selections. Ordinarily the 13 junioj^s are elected from this group of nominees by popular vote. Three senior officers are chosen each year from the outgoing juniors in a board election. Hard work counts heavy here, but personality, managerial ability, political success are indispensible. Purdue independent Association Composed of any or all unorga? niz,ed University students, and being a political organization working in behalf of its members, is the Purdue Independent Association. Dances, parties, other social events ci’owd the PIA calendar eabh year. Admission to any of these affairs is gained by the membership card, originally obtained by paying the dollar a year dues. PIA is divided into several committees which have charged social affairs and other activities. Officials are chosen by the members at an election held in the spring, candidates for which are nominated by a special committee. Interest in and work for the oi'ganization are primax'y considerations, but campus politics also enters into the set-up.THE PURDtJE EXPONENT
ROTC Students Find Fort Knox Enjoyable In Spite Of Hard Work
One hundred and fifty Boilermakers had a good time at Fort Knox, Ky., this summer. They were dovim there to get practical experience as field artillerymen, but they got practical experience in many other things, too. R. 0. T. C. camp was one of the things that they had been looking forward to since they enrolled in the University as freshmen. Shooting the guns and living in an army camp were experiences that they had long anticipated. But that isn’t all they found at camp. v Cogs or Wrenches Fi'om June 17 till July 28 they were cogs in the machinery—sometimes they were also monkey wrenches. They got up at 5:30 six das'^s out of the week, and on Sunday, the day of rest, they had to get up at 6:30 or go breakfast-less. They shot pistols, they shot 37 mm’s, and they shot 75’s. They alsd shot their earnings on weekly journeys to Louisville. Caisson Ailments They either enjoyed or endured K. P. and guard duty. They contracted the ailments that go with too much riding on caissons. They learned to sleep whenever and wherever they could#whether it was perched on a caisson during a march or under a caisson while the guns were roaring away. Their eyes grew weary of B. C. ’scopes and their hands grew gummy with insulation from field telephone lines. Some picked blackberries while others picked up new targets in the glasses. Canteens They learned to know the “canteens” well. They played poker— good, bad, and indifferently. They boreassed long after “taps”—if the captain wasn’t around. They laughed at the mistakes their fellows made—and then turned around and riiade the same mistakes them-
selves.
They collected fragments, scraps, ^ souvenirs, and just plain junk. They kept far away from “duds” and then bargained and bartered for .50 cal. machine gun bullets—loaded. They cleaned the guns, caissons, and tractors in^the afternoon, and then got them dirty next morning. Shoe Shine Boy They shined their shoes, their
buttons, their faces for inspection after inspection. They observed the five S’s every day. They sewed several complete sets of buttons on their shirts to neutralize the effect of the post laundry; They jnet the cream of Louisville’s younger set girls—and tjidn dated waitresses who wepe-miore pleasant, better-JooMnfTand not so awfully young. They investigated the “Stables”, the “Canary Cotage”, the “Crystal Bar”, and other drinkeries.
/
Black Legion They participated in the activities of the “Black Legion” — putting brooms and bottles, pricker bushes and pinching bugs in their fellows’ beds, that is, if they didn’t dismantle and hide the beds. They enjoyed the first two weeks, endured the next two, and could hardly wait until the last two had passed. On the morning of July 28 they all jumped in their cars or somebody else’s car and got quickly out of there. They may or may not have bettered their ranking in the R. 0. T. C. corps. They may or may not have learneS something besides how to roll cigarettes. They may or may not have profited financially during camp. They may or may not have built themselves up physically. But they did have a good time.
Home Economics Greds Assume Varied Positions (Continued from page 1)
jobs are of all kinds. Iris Ellen Funk is the assistant! to the manager of Maxincukee Inn at Culver. Mary Hamilton and Genieve Sexson are bntice food managers in the Wieboldt stores in Chicago. Mary Ann Hurych is the manager of the Y.M.C.A. Cafeteria with Virginia MacBride, who is now Mrs. Charles Robert Lillie, assisting her in Gary. Lillian Kerkhoff is an apprentice food manager at 'Mosher-Jordan Hall at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor, Mich. Ellen Mann has a similar position in Betsy Barbour Hall at the same university. Joan Padgett is the assistant food pro'duction manager at Maxincukee Inn at Culver. Mildred Rhodes is the assistant to the mana_ger of Hutch-
inson Commons, University of Chicago. The Westinghouse Serving Machine Company has employed Janet Calvin to assist with the sales and demonstration work in Niles, Mich. June Lippert has gone to East AuI’ora, N. Y., to take a position in the home lighting division of the New York State Electric and Gas Corporation. Doris Ellen McCartney is the county home demonstration agent for Grant county. Ruth Moore is working with the Indianapolis Power and Light Company. Rebecca Thornborough is at New Albany in the employment of the Indiana Public Service Corporation. Mrs. Herman Adams, formerly Mary Wilson, is-connected with the Wheat Flour Industries in Chicago. Ruth CJiristopherson is in business with her father in the Kraft Cheese Company. Textile Students The clothing and textile students are located in many different department stores. Evelyn Hill is sell-
A Hen's Shoe Store for Purdue Hen
Practice At Battleground Twenty-four Universily students composing the Purdue concert choir completed their four day outing and practice session last night at Hotel Marshall, Battle Ground,in preparation for their first appearance today before the freshman convocation in Memorial Gymnasium. Under the direction of Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Stewart, the camp began its program of rehearsals, repertoire, and directing study last Monday evening at the Battle Ground camp. The group was granted unlimited privileges on the grounds and participated in' outdoor sports during the recreation periods in the afternoons. Rehearsals were held in an open building under the direction of Stewart. The purpose of thd camp was to give the choir a chance to rehearse before their first public appearance. WBAA May Parficipate In Chicago Conference A call will be made soon for announcers and operators for Purdue’s radio station, WBAA, those in charge announced recently. All interested may try out and are re'Quested to watch the Exponent for further details. WBAA will operate on the schedule it used last year, from 11 a. m. to 5 p. m., and as last year, will feature programs to Arsenal Technical High School in Indianapolis and broadcasts from class rooms here at the University.
Two former University staff member’s will attend the University of Wisconsin this year; one as a student and the other as a faculty member. Prof. P. E. Lull, former assistant professor of speech here, will work towards his doctor’s degree, and former physics instructor, J. K. Knipp, will accept a research assistantship, at that school.
The Purdue Independent, biweekly publication of the independ^ent students, will make its first appearance on the campus at registration Wednesday. Distribution of the initial four column, eight page issue will take place at the PIA table situated near the entrance of the Armory. Approximately 2,000 free copies will be distributed every other Monday after the first issue, and will contain from four to eight pages. Regular features that will run in the Independent include “Ramblings” by Bill Feldman, “Co-ed Corner,” and “Dents.” The primary purpose of the publication is to keep the independent students informed on the numerous PIA activities, such as dances and teas, that take place during the school year. The merit system of promoting staff members, inaugurated by the Independent last semester, will be folio,wed this year. Under this new “positive inch” system members of the paper are rated according to the length and quality of their stories that appear in the paper. D. M. Meacham, editor of the Independent, has announced that all independent freshmen interested in working on the publication should report to the PIA office in the Memorial Union Building any. time after 4:00 p. ni. during the coming week.
Ever
ing You Need for Your Feet
At
The Varsity Boot Shop West Lafayette, Ind.
ing at Wasson’s at Indianapolis. Betty Simpson went to Baltimore, Md., to hold a positioh in O’Neill’s department store. Mary Tangerman is located at Marshall Field’s in Chi^ cago. Marian Wi'nterrowd is employed at Carson Pirie Scott in Chicago.
Richard Robbins, Sc. ’36, of West Lafayette, who received his master’s degree in 1937 has a position teaching history in the Valley Forge Military Academy at Wayne, Pa. I ■ A
Saturday, September 11, 1937 Pi PhiV Appoint Officer Members of the Pi Beta Phi sorority have appointed Mrs. Ben C. Le-wis, of Indianapolis, as vicepresident of Delta province, of which Purdue chapter is a member. Mrs. Lewis was chosen to fill the unexpired term of Mrs. Charles G. Jamison of Ann Arbor, Mich.
Miss Virginia Pierce, H. E. ’37, of West Lafayette, will tedch home economics in the vocational department at Dayton.
LEARN TO DARCE CORRECTLY Indiana’s Largest Dancing School ADVANCED CLASS OPENS THURSDAY, SEPT. 16th,
7j30 P. M.
BEGINNER’S CLASS OPENS FRIDAY, SEPT 17th,
^ 7:30 P. M.
ALL CHILDREN’S CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 18
PHONE 2150
Sixth and Ferry
ALLEN’S
99
welcomes you to Purdue for an
excellent education . . .
“Doc’ welcomes you to his garage for excellent auto service.
Painting, body building, trimming and general service on all makes of cars and motor trucks . . . Door and windshield glass replaced.
GOODYEAR TIRES - DELCO BATTERIES
24 Hour Service
Phone 4048
525 Alabama St.
Browne &
STUDENT LAMP
Sharpe
SPECIAL
MACHINIST TOOLS
Green or Brown
for Shop Classes. Al-
f
89(r
so others at popular
prices.
While They Last
STUDENT SUPPLIES Combination Padlocks 85c, $1.00 Locker Padlocks 10c, 25c, 45c 2 ft. Folding Rules 10c, l5c, 45c, 60c, $1.25 Key Chain 10c Remington Pocket Knives 50c artd up Large Assortment ELECTRICAL SUPPLIES Key Sockets 15c Chain Pull Sockets 20c Cube Taps, 3 Way 10c Double Sockets 10c Attachment Plugs 5c Double Extension Wire 3 ft. 5c H. E. 8-in. Bent Scissors $1.00-$1.50 We Make Keys 25c
WASTE PAPER
G.E. MAZDA
BASKETS
LAMPS
I0c-23c Paper
10, 15, 25, 40, 50, 60
29c Metal 50c Metal Large Metal
Watt Bulbs 15c - 25, 60 Watt Daylight 30c 15, 30, 60 Watt G, E. Bulbs 10c
65c, $1.39
If IPs Hardware—We Have
221 State West Lafayette Phone 4354
SCHOOL DAYS Are Here Again Welcome back to Lafayette and Good Old Purdue Sunshine Farms’ Milk is Still Today’s Biggest Food Bargain SUNSHINE FARHS
FOURTH STREET AT UNION
PHONE 5015i
nrr'
Saturday, September 11, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
S
Dr. Knight Assumes Post At University Dr. Frederic B. Knight, former professor in the education department at the University of Iowa, took over the active direction of the newly formed division of education and applied psychology here at the University September 1. His work deals with the selection and preparation of vocational teach ers and with research in psychology in fields applicable to present day industrial problems. His long preparatory career included work in the University of Iowa in 1920 followed by work in public schools, first as instructor and later as superintendent. In later years he has written many text books and magazine articles which
have had wide educational adoption in the United States. In assuming his position he j;akes over the duties formerly handled by the late Dr. G. C. Brandenburg and which were handled during the past fiscal year by an administrative committee within the department. Along with his teaching Dr. Knight has owned and operated an Iowa farm, raising pure bred Holstein cattle. Prof. Monroe Receives / Northwestern Degree Professor A. H. Monroe, head of the University’s speech department, was,recently awarded a Ph.D. degree at the close of the summer session he attended at Northwestern University. Prof. Monroe had received his master’s degree from that university in 1927. He came to Purdue directly from Northwestern after his graduation in 1924.
This is the way our new and modernized store has scored with the many people who have seen us at our modern, location. COME IN. TH1EHE-WAII6ERIN C0HPAHY 622-624-626 Main Street
Playshop’s Season To Open On New Stage In Fowler Hall
'Se-
“Campus plays on a campus stage at camplis prices” is the slogan and goal of the coming season’s Playshop productions, it was disclosed yesterday by H. Kenn Carmichael;
director.
The program for the season is a series of four plays of comedy, romance, and melodrama which were selected from the results of a questionnaire given to the sophomore classes of drama. Two of the plays chosen are comedies — Hatcher Hughs’ 1924 Pulitzer prize play, “Hell-Bent Fer Heaven,” a tale of the mountaineers, and a romantic sthry by Morrison and Toohey entitled “I’ll Marry The Actress.” “Squaring The Circle” A hilarious farce from Soviet Russia ironically named “Squaring The Circle” and written by Valentine Kaytayev and “Ceiling Zero,” a recent melodrama of commercial aviation by Frank Wead, complete the year’s schedule of productions
for Playshop.
All of the plays for this year will be staged in Eliza Fowler Hall, which will undergo reconstruction immediately after the orientatioii period in which a new stage with new curtains and wiring will be
built.
Because the time of completion of the work on Eliza Fowler Hall is indeterminate, no dates will be set for the presentations until this work is finished, with the exception that there will be a Mothers’ Day play. However, this year each play will be given three nights instead of two
as in the past.
. Season Tickets $1 Season tickets for the Playshop productions will go on sale at registration for a new low price ofvPne dollar and may be purchased at the Armory anytime during registration and at the new business office of Playshop in Eliza Fowler Hall or in the lobby of the Union anytime between 4 and 6 p. m. H. Kenn Carmichael, director, S
will be aided by Gilbert Dunbar Williams as assistant director and 'John liletrich, who came here from Wisconsin this year, in the direction and
production.
The student production staff consists of: G^rge Glover, production manager; Harry Brenman, stage 'chairman; Marion Learning, electrician chairman; June Young, property chairman; Beth McCool, costume chairman; Martha Gilles-
E. E. Sophomore Expires William M. Peak, electrical engineering sophomore, died at 7:30 a. m. September 6 at the St. Elizabeth hospital after complications set in following an appendicitis operation. Peak was stricken with appendicitis several weeks ago while attending summer school.
pie, make-up chairman; and Catherine Ann Cromer, art chairman. The business staff includes: Wayne Milne, business manager; Culotta Holden, secretary; Don Muller, director of publicity; and Betty McKee, house manager.
Colorado School Of Mines Gets Former P. U. Chemist Dr. Wm. C. Aitkenhead, former deputy chemist at the University, has recently accepted a position as assist^t professor of metallurgy in the Colorado school of mines. Dr. Aitkenhead was recently employed as the chief research engineer for the Anaconda Copper Mining Company at Great Falls, Mont. He obtained his doctor's degree at the University last Wear.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
THE NEW
(Ad. No. 1)
SPEED-O-PRINT
i INDISPENSABLE I FOR USE BY I FRATERNITIES
1 SORORITIES
CLUBS
ORGANIZATIONS
OFFICES
I SAVE TIME I SAVE MONEY
SE
Hand Feed ;22-50
TODAY'S GREATEST ROTARY STENCIL DUPLICATOR
FULL SIZE
PRINTS ANYTHING FROM POSTi CARD TO LEGAL SIZE. =
WORLD’S GREATEST VALUE !!
SPEED-O-PRINT is the all purpose duplicator and is ready at a second's notice to produce uniform, clear, and quick results.
TELEPHONE 4085 TODAY FOR FREE TRIAL
HAYWOOD’S Retail Dept. Established 1826 5f.[| ^ Ferry Sts.
Tough Fiber Laundry - Case
$1.69
Brown Canvas Case 99c Refills 15c
Coveralls $1.89 Blue, Hickory Stripes
Gaberdine Trench Coats $3.98
Shop Caps ^ 19c Black or Grey
Leather Gloves 49c Leather Cuff
‘HIGH QUALITY DRAWING EQUIPMENT that meets the UNIY^STTV requirements for 1937-38”
“PRIMO” 630 DRAWING SET UNIVERSAL SLIDE RULE, COMPLETE WITH LEATHER CASE, FOR ADVANCED STUDENTS Special Student Slide Rule for Chemistry Department Beginners, $1.59
SILVERTONE
5 Tube Radio
DRAWING BOARDS Not Laminated, 20"x26" 5" 45° Style “A” Braddock LETTERING TRIANGLE 10'30°-60° UELLULOID TRIANGLE .08" thick No. 6 IRREGULAR CURVE .06" thick DRAWING PENCILS, VENUS F, 2H, 4H, 6H^ each “RUBY” PENCIL ERASER
Pink Pearl or Carnation ERASER Purdue No. 2 TRIANGULAR SCALE 10 Yd. Roll SCOTCH DRAFTING tIpE KEKO INK, bottle PENS, Hunt 512, Leonardt 516EF, Gillott 404, 2 for PEN HOLDERS, each ERASING SHIELD, Post No. 2960
Complete
Exquisite beauty in a S-tuhe tuned radio frequency table rnod^t A new note in compact design . . . streamlined smartness on all four sides! Engineered with the care and precision of a deluxe ^nit, this magic set gives you twice the sensitivity of ordinary ' compacts; full, rich tone: two-watt power output; and lOO-mile daytime range with built-in aerial (by attaching to outside aerial, you can extend the range considerably). Gets all American broadcast4 and some police calls. Handsome black hakelite case with ivory dial. Absolutely nothing like 'it within twice the price t See it now, and let your own ears be the judge!
THIRD AND SOUTH STS.
LAFAYETTE, IND.
\
Suede Zipper Carrying Case
$IA9' 1 f * ■*< M. », ^ ] ^ •> i" 1^ J J»*ir
V/
Scdurdayi September IL 1937
mS
403 Students Achieve University Distinguished Rating
Distinguished ratings were awarded to 403 students foi achieving a 5.00 or better scholastic point index rating for last semester, according to a list of these students released from the president's office recently. Three students, two men and one co-ed, received a peifect 6.6 rating.
Class distribution of the list shows 132 freshmen, 103 sophomores, 68 juniors and 100 seniors. The combined total surpassed last semester’s 368 distinguished students by 35.
W. J., 6.23; Hart, W. A., 5.20; Hawthorne, R. P., 5.96; Hearn, G. W., 5.00; Heath, L. M., 6.40; Hickman, T. P., 5.06; Heidbreder, C. A., 6.58; Holmes, L. L., 5.72; Houser, R. E„ 5.00; Huston, A. B., 5.91; Huston, E. F., 5.17.
Henry F. Hill, sophomore civil engineering student^ Glen D. Cross, junior m the public service engineering school, and Irene Feldt, June graduate from the science school, made a perfect scholastic record for the semester. The complete list of distinguished students follows:
Agriculture
Freshmen . Bruington, E. C., 5.28; Brunk, M. A., 5.24; Burbrink, K. E., 5.18; Denzler, J. J., 5.78; Hamilton, R. L., 5.08; Haverkamp, L. J., 5.37; Hitchcock, V. T., 5.55; Irvin, C. E., 5.09; Keske, F. E., 5.00; Lubbenhusen, L. A., 5.09; McConnell, U. L., 5.09; Marvel, T. J, 5.72; Martz, W. C., 5.19; Nickey, H. E., 5.38; Paarlberg, D., 5.36; Ramseyer, S. D., 6.79; Trueman, R. S., 5.82; Wray, D. R., 5.18.
Johnson, E. A., 5.28; Keen, R. N., 5.39; Kiinmel, K. L., 6.23; Kerk, H. T., 5.00; Kolb, H. G., 5.34; Kuebler, K. W., 5,06; Levy, T. A., 5.00; Lislus, R. R., 5.00; Ludwig, C. M., 6.51; Lyles, L. L., 5.00; Maier, N. A., 5.13; Malcolm, D. G., 6.03; Miller, F. W., 5.33; Momnger, R. H., 5.57; Nelson, D. B., 5.54; Nitsche, J. E., 5.59; Oblinger, R. L., 5.25; Ohman, W., 5.08; Palikucha, G., 5.17; Potter, R. C., 6.78.
Juniors Erickson, J. A. 6.08; Waling, J. L., 5.96. Seniors Baker, J. M., 5.51; Freeman, J. K., 5.47; Keenan, W. H., 5.37; Latter, R. H., 5.00; Milner, F., 5.07; Reynolds, C. T., 6.50; Turnbell, R. C., 5.66.
Reid, G. W., 5.21; Schickler, L. G., 5.00; Schmidt, L. W., 5.00; Schooley, H. E., 5.11; Schrader, R. J., 6.23; Segrane, H. J., 5.14; Sittig, M., 5.86; Smith, D. P., 5.03; Smith, J. H., 5.06; Smith, J. P., 5.14; Spreuer, W. E., 5.17; Squires, R., 5.26; Tait, N., 5.48; Terrio, D. G., 6.11; Wagner, W. F., 5 03; Whitson, J. W., 5.11; Wilkinson, W. C., 5.06; Wilmeth, H. D., 5.51; Wilson, E, E., 5.18; Woodsmall, F. J., 6.08.
Sophomores Cooley, R. J., 5.56; Gla^ebrook, T. B, 5.06; Hardin, L. S., 5.00; Jones, D. G., 5.39: Learning, M. C., 5.31; Schinbeckler, D. D., 5.10; Swanson, E. W., 5.83; Williamson, J. M., 5.08. Juniors ^ Beck, W. G., 5.50; Chinn, R. H., 5.08; Ellmaker, J. B., 5.00; Freese, K. , 5.00; Garrott, J. F., 5.14; Meyer, W., 5.32; Rambo, R. W., 5.11; Zeigler, R. C., 5.50. Seniors Anderson, E. W., 5.79; Burkhart, R. L., 5.12; Cantwell, A., 5.20; Doud, L. J., 5.89; Drake, M., 5.00; Elijah, H. D., 5.40; Freemyer, G. W., 5.29; Hoefer, J. A., 6.29; Morris, L. L., 5.07; Palmer, J. L., 5.21; Parkison, R. H., 5.13; Reed, G. C., 5.40; Schlosser, W. B., 5.29. Engineering Freshmen Adams, G. M., 5.76; Ancker, C. J., 5.62; Appleyard, R. E., 5.42; Armstrong, E. L., 5.15; Bowen, P. J., 5.31; Broberg, J. G., 5.33; Brown, B., 6.16; Brown, C. R., 5.17; Catterall, W. E., 5.59; Cornell, A. R., 5.00; Counterman, L. B., 5.00; Daley, J. L., 5.06; Davis, J. O., 5.48; Duilshee, W. E., 5.6(9; Eilering, J. G., 5.17; Elbourn, R. D., 5.94; Fishburn, H. F., 5.25; Hall, R. E., 5.26; Harris,
Chemical Engineering
Sophomores Berry, J. M., 5.00; Ciborski, J. M., 5.02; Craft, W. S., 5.46; Dmnius, J. H., 5.00; Duffey, D., 6 28; Duncan, R. F., 5.13; Fowler, A. R., 5.43; Hamilton, C. W., 5.52; Lacy, C. E., 5.85; Lahey, W. D., 5.35; Langworthy, C., 5.37; Lennox, A. R., 5.39; Lownie, H. W., 5.41; Lux, J. H., 5.14; McEachron, W. D., 5.64; Martin, D. S., 5.74; Moses, A. R., 5.09; Oyler, R. W., 5.15; Parks, J. M., 5.07; Rudolph, J. M., 5.70; Stutzman, L. F., 5.87; Welborn, R. W., 5 29; Witwer, B. D., 5.31; W^ner, R. C., 5.56. P Juniors Best, R. D., 5.00; Crank, J. H., 5.00; Greiner, J. W.,f5.10; Griffenhagen, R. P., 5.15; Grubb, H. V., 5.38; Karnishy, B., 5.00; Reichelderfer, C. A., 5.19; Reveal, W. S., 6.11; Sanders, J. C., 5.55; Stevens^, R. F., 5.50. Seniors Chipman, E. E., 5.13; Holloway, C. A., 5.18; Oberding, H. J., 5.13; Offenhauer, C. M., 5.00; Perkins, G., 5.09; Petticrew, C. R., 6.00; Riggs, S. H., 5.00; Seiler, W. U., 5.18; Sibbitt, W. L., 5.56; Slesser, C., 5.54; Wergin, J. R., 5.06; Werner, J. E., 5.21.
Electrical Engineering Sophomores Bali, J., 5.22; Brown, J. S., 6.40; Dinius, P. S., 5.36; Finkelstein, L., 5.82; Guthrie, G. R., 6.84; Haskins, D. W., 5.14; Keck, L. E., 5.36; Lungerhausen, J. C., 5.15; Mansfield, R. L. , 5.08; Rieke, J. W., 5.43; Seely, R. E., 5.50; Stanback, H. I., 5.33; Strzalkowski, M. S., 5.13; Toben, G. W., 5.56. Juniors Alexander, E. C., 5.26; Barrows, M. D., 5.16; Bell, J. F., 5.08; Gibson, 0. B., 5.37; Lowery, D. T., 5.38; Schlundt, R. H., 5.83; Sheadel, J. M., 6.26; Wells, H. F., 5.15; Wollenweber, L. H., 5.67; Wood, W. H., 5.74. Seniors Beaudway, R. W., 5.35; Brewer, S. T., 5.15; Buchanan, L. W., 5.29; Burrell, K. H., 5.97; Burroughs, J. E. , 5.97; Dutenhaver, R. E., 5.00; Easley, G. J., 5.71; Greber, E. G., 6.24; Hall, C. F., 5.97; Keller, E. L., 5.11; Leffel, J. C., 5.35; Lischer, L. F., 5.31; Loehr, R. W., 5.44; McEachron, K. B., 5.62; Shank, R. J., 5.25; Weppler, H. E., 5.97; Winter, W. W., 5.26. Mechanical Engineering Solphomores Bodeau, A. C., 5.02; Baker, J. D., 5.61; Clugston, D. W., 5.92; Dixon, C. E., 5.00; Elliott, R. H., 5.03; Harvey, D. C., 5.03; Holmes, V. E., 6.03; Mackie, J. W., 5.04; Moller, C. G.; 5.94; Parson, M., 5.00; Richardson, R. L., '5.13; Sasser, R. M., 5.00; Schmuck, C. C., 5.07; Small, G. R., 5.38; Taylor, J. E., 5.66; Taylor, J.
P., 6.07; Timms, H. L., 6.03; Tryon, J. E., 5.23; Warner, C. F., 5.13; Winslow, W. H., 6.67; Zimmer, R. C., 5.12. Juniors Allee, W. A., 6.30; Baals, D. D., 5.61; Brock, J. E., 6.39; Coers, F. L., 5.06; Cox, E. N., 6.82; Eichom, R. L., 5.g2; Fusick, W., 6.16; Greiger, H. E., 5.62; Lautz, W. G., 6.51; Murray, J. R., 6.28; Busham, W. C., 6.26; Pray, J. B., 6.19; Sadler, C. L., 5.12; Small, J. W., 5.72; Wickershtam, R. 0., 6.12; Weist, R. W., 5.22; Wilkins, D. E., 5.07. Seniors Bice, G. W., 6.14; Bosonetto, E. A., 5.33; Camhi, J., 5.04; Chastain, B. I. , 5.26; Coplen, H. L., 5.59; Daley, C. G., 5.68; Dean, M. A., 5.50; Doke, E. G., 5.23; Emens, J. W., 6.23; Flebbe, P. E., 5.69; Gillis, A. P., 5.13; Hall, C. P., 5.63; Kany, J. A., 5.71; Klaiber, C. L., 6.00; Knerr, C. J., 5.06; Kreiser, L. G., 5.21; Kueck, H. F., 5.08; O’Neal, W., 6.80; Pultz, N. J., 5.13; Reed, T. W., 6,34; Stewart, R. R., 5.04; Walpole, R. H., 5.00; Warren, E. M., 5.00; Weldy, R. K. , 5.00; White, E. W., 5.05; Wild, J. M., 6.45; Williams, R. K., 6.19; Zirch^, F. J., 5.24.
Civil Engineering
Sophomores Brenman, H., 5.03; Farr, F., 5.44; Hill, H. F., 6.50; Kraas, A. H., 5.02; Prassas, M. J., 5.30; Toy, F. C., 5.63.
Extra Curriculum
A-ctivities
Enjoy your idle hours in “Collegiate” surroundings . . . with or without a date you can spend a pleasant afternoon or evening.
fbjLobjX.
U. S. Route 52 at Lindbergh Road
Public Service Engineering Sophomores Harnett, J. D., 5.63; Langohr, R. B., 5.44; Moan, 0. B., 5.73; Thoma, W. P., 5.44. Juniors Cross, G. D., 6.50; Fredericks, J. W., 5.89; Wright, S. A., 5-.20. Home Economics Freshmen Anderson, Shirley L., 6.22; Berry, Treva L., 5.47; Crankshaw, Margaret J., 5.24; Gaylord, Rose J., 5.53; Henderson, Katherine M., 5.53; Horwitz, Jeanne F., 5^32; House, Bonita F., 5.12; Ince, Rosemary L., 5.51; Johnson, Marietta, 5.24; Lochner, Charlotte A., 5.51; McLaughlin, Mary F., 5.40; Mathes, Margaret S.,
6.36; Mooreland, Martha ,9., 6.16; Randall, Ruth, 6.08; Whitcomb, Martha V., 6.10; Wonover, Shirley S., 6.32. Sophomores Cornthwaite, Gwendolyn E., 5.00; Gibbs, Barbara C., 6.88; Johnson, Margaret !l^., 6.00; McCool, Martha B., 6.08; Scott, Helen M., 6.69; Swaffer, Marjorie A., 6.03; Wien, Mary E., 6.66; Wiley, Ruth M., 6.06. Juniors Kirtland, Lois J., 6.07; McLeod, Lorna, 6.00; Shay, AnnaP., 6.00, Seniors Hixon, Lois G., 5.00; Murphy, Lillian A,, 6.40; Symons, Dorotha, 6.35;.Tyler, Mary E., 5.62; Wilson, Mary, 5.60.
Pharmacy Freshmen Faulkner, Sister Mary C. F., 5.53; Gerding, R. F., 5.21; Hartman, G. O., 5.26; Klein, Sister Mary L., 5.53; Orr, J. E., 5.40; Reiff, L. E., 5.25; Sanders, W. J., 5.38; Van Ackeren, Sister Mary E., 5.38. Sophomores Christian, J. H., 5.17; Hopkins, H., 5.00. Juniors Linn, K, M., 6.16; Mailath, Cornelia, 6.27; Reiff, G. H., 6.68. Seniors Creech, Helen L., 6.62; Johnson, D. E., 5.32; Sullivan, H. F., 5.06.
Science Freshmen Beko, Mary A., 5.48; Byrne, J. J., 5.07; Davidoff, M. D., 5.08; Demoret, Lucy J., 5,04; Goodin, R. G., 6.27; Hebbeler, J. A., 5.46; Maxwell, K.
L., 6.97; Mintoin, Media C., 6.13; Morris, Janet' E., 5.04; Mounce, Katherine E,, 5.40; Munro, R. F., 6.37; Nachin, S., 5.60; Novitski, E., 6.63; Steffee, Helen R,, 6.77; Steinbach, S. P., 6.69; Stoner, M. M., 5.69; Ward, Elinor D., 6.60; Weber, R. C., 6.32; Wickard, Betty J., 6.24; Wilson, Marianna, 6.00; Zalkan, R. C., 5.62. Sophomores Brumfield, P. E., 6.28; Cleveland, Mary J., 6.29; Cohee, A. V., 5.00; De Reamer, C. R., 6.48; Fishman, L. B., 5.53; Grannon, C. L., 6.62; Hannas, R. R., 5.92; Housekeeper, R. N., 6.57; Jones, Marion, 5.86; Kammerling, E., 6.25; Kungel, Virginia, 6.13; Parke, T. V., 5.26; Sherwood, D. W., 5.60; Shipley, W. H., 5.24; Suliot, Anne I., 5.63; Viets, R. C., 5.29; Wood, Martha L., 6.08. ^ Juniors Beko, Helen E., 6.00; Best, Doris W. C., 5.41; Cromer, Catherine A., 5.03; Dobson, Lucile A., 5.30; Douglas, L. F., 5.68; Goode, G. E., 5.64; Groves, S. K., 5.26; Korty, E. W., 6.17; Light, Mary J., 6.83; McClintock, J. A., 5.02; Martin, G. M., 6.21; Stine, M. M., 5.53. Seniors Baur, Mary E., 5.00;jCook, Dorothy M., 5.07; Feldt, Irene C., 6,50; Fitch, Mildred L., 5.20; Hines, G. E,, 5.21; Jackson, E. B., 5.84; Knott, Marjorie M., 5.03; Kuehn, Dorothy M. , 5.10; Peffer, Ella L., 5.65; Piper, Junrose M., 5.32; Ramsey, Helen J., 5.86; Rawles, Charlotte M., 5.53; Sampson, F. L., 5.20; Soldner, W.\ L., 5.35; Stigelman, Rosamond G., 5.08.
SPERB WELCOMES YOU
FRATERNITY SUPPLIES Floor Wax, all kinds Paint'S and Varnishes Rug Stay. They Stay Put -Ace Soap tor all Cleaning Kitchen^'Supplies Study Lamps 89c Waste Baskets 25c
JOHN SPERB HDW.
822-24 Main
This Sheaffer VisibleBarrel Pen Can Pass Any Exam!
I'ts a favorite with students and business men alike for , this visible-Skrip-supply pen can pass any test you set. Its Feathertouch point writes your normal script or a thin, fine line. ‘ With one stroke it fills, empties with force, and cleans, thus keeping in best writing coi^dition.’^ Remember that all Sheaffer Pens are one-stroke vacuum-fillers, whether of the lever or visible-barrel type. Come in and put this new-principle pen through its paces to your own satisfaction. From $5 up—other Sheaffer pens from $2.75 up.
DECKER’S 518-520 Main Street
May We Serve You During the School Year
To
Purdue University
Lafayette Street Rail-w^y
r]
mirb
-irf t, ^ i> 'X^d St»Jj^. ' %,;*•» -/'V
Saturday, September IL 1937
THE iqjRDUE EXPONENT
Union, Center Of Campus Activities, Obligingly Meets Most Of Student Wishes
By Dorothea Justin
“Corner of the campus, yet the center of college activities,” is the proved motto of the Memorial Union Building. There in the Gothic styled spacious building are found facilities for almost every need and desire of the University students, Fir^t and foremost among the facilities offered by the Union are the cafeteria (good food at reasonable cost, yes, yes) the Sweet Shop (meet your friends for a coke) and the Grill (deep -green leather booths). At each place stuff for the inner man can be obtained. Sweet Shop milkshakes and frozen fudge sundaes are among the i things
missed by departing seniors. The cafeteria is a favorite eating place for many, including town^eople. The Grill is the fashions^, the ritzy cooking and eating place, according to L. M. Vallely, manager of the Union. Sunday afternoons see eds and co-eds in best bib and tucker getting op the outside of
waffles.
After soothing the inner man, the comfort of the upholstered chairs in the Union is usually sought. The lobby is a popular rendezvous for groups from Camera Club fb dates. Browsing Room Tops The Browsing Room is, Union officials feel, tops in reading rooms.
(Advertisement No. 2)
Good indirect lighting, soft chairs, new books covering a wide range of subjects, and silence make it' a nearly ideal place to read. For enjoyment of a wide variety of music, the Music Room offers a fine collection of recordings, a large room designed for good acoustics, comfortable chairs. Pictures or etchings are on exhibit most of the time in the Music Room, second floor, east end of corridor. Those who want active recreation will find opportunity on the ground floor, in the billiard room or the adjoining game room. Pool, billiards, chess, checkers, cards can be played in these rooms. Bowling Alleys In Basement The more active can go to the subbasement, toward a low rumbling
Our No. 50 Student Special Desk For September Only The desk "that you have always wanted” for your study room. Made of selected Indiana Oak. ^ MADE IN INDIANA by Skilled Workers—for Purdue Students This is the best Student*s Desk in the world
PlllCE $ \ 9.00 Free Delivery Anywhere FREE A fine leather corner desk pad and blotter given FREE with each desk.
thunder, to find the bowling alleys. Four alleys are available. The Union doesn’t stop at feeding, entertaining and offering the finer things of life to students. It provides facilities for relaxation. Men and women both have separate, well furnished lounges, where they can forget studies, and sleep, or listen to radios. Cleaning and grooming conveniences ar»next on the list. Lavoratories, a barber shop (hair cut, shave, shampoo, shoeshine) are there for the students’ prinking. The ballroom, for mixers, and dances, large dinners, takes care of much of the University social life. Activity Officies In UUion Activities come in for their share of the Union. From the large workroom_for Union backdrop builders an|d decorators, to the second floor offices for the Student Senate, Debris,'Engineer, Exponent, W.S.G.A., .Union, Scrivener, Independent, and meeting places for Camera Club, Radio Club, Forum, and other organizations, the Union building provides space for student groups. Crammed full of interest and enthusiastic students, manager Vallely seems correct in believing that the Union is the “center of the campus.”
Stirring Drama Of Trials At Sea Coming To Mars “Souls At Sea,” a motion picture slated to gain the fame attained by sea pictures of the past few years, is playing at the Mars Theatre tomorrow through Wednesday. Based on a famous trial of one, “Nuggin” Taylor, which took place during the last century, this picture is further insured of success by the cast which heads it: Gary Cooper, George Raft, and Frances Dee. Taylor, a sea captain, portrayed by Gary Cooper, assumes command of the bark “William Brown” while the ship burns at sea. The paucity of lifeboats necessitates a selection of^ersons to be saved; Taylor does this by holding trial of each person, judging whether they be saved or not by the life each has led. Including himself in the lifeboat crew, not because he is selfish, but because he is the only seaman, Taylor is brought to rtial for his strange actions. Though this picture might have easily reverted to a dry court room narrative, th^ entertainment value of the picture is enhanced by a flash-
SBEBBB)BBBaBSSSBUSBUBSISCS0tttnUBBaS88SS9 Prof.RemmerSrDr.VlfMsfler Probe John Pubik's (^nion Asked dducation department members of students of an Indiana high school, “Do the losers in a political election accept the opinions of the majority ? Do political opinions follow the same tendencies?” Using the answers attained by these questions. Prof. Remmers and Dr. Whistler, of the University education department, attempted to find the trend of the public’s polical thought before and after an election. Asking the tjuestions about the 1936 presidential election, Remmers and Laurence discovered that the attitudes of the winning party were strengtheped and that those of the losing party were .weakened. Furthermore, it was found that persons who did hold the beliefs of the losing party were more apt to accept the views of the winning party.
back which takes the audience from the court room to the ill-fated voyage of the “William Brown.” TTie picture returns to the court room after the climax has been reached, in time for the verdict pronounced upon Taylor.
. DECKER’S have one of the most complete lines of Parker Pens and Pencils 518-20 Main to be found anywhere. , Phone 6477
.Length 42 in. Width 30 in. Height 30 in. Weight 110 pounds Thr,ee Large Drawers, llV2x4>4x22 in. and One Large Center Drawer The Writing Bed is 5-Ply 1 Inch Thick Add $1,00 for Walnut or Mahogany ALL DESKS have center drawer p^ith lock HAYWOOD’S Retail Department Established 1826 Fifth and Ferry Sts.
Come in and inspect our fountain pen counter. A complete line of Parker Pens and Pencils. SOUTHWORTH’S
We Carry a Full Line of Parker Pens and Pencils H. G. (Dbac) Reisner
to help you rate!
full
The Revolutionary Pen That Won’t Run Dry In a New and Superlative Model—the Speedline
It’s not how much a person has in his pocket that determines whether or not he selects the new 1938ParkerSpeedlineVacumatic —it’s how much he has above his shoulders! Some other pens cost as much as this revolutionary invention, yet no one having the “low down’ ’43n pens wants to pay these prices without getting these newday advantages. For example: A new all-time high in ink capacity, hence a Pen that never starts anything it cannot finish. A Pen that shows the ENTIRE ink supply—shows when to refill
—hence one that never nms dry in classes or exams. An utterly exclusive Style— laminated Pearl and Jet—now with slender Speedline shape— the most restful ever conceived. And not merely modern in Style, but wholly modern in mechanism, too. Its SACLESS and patented Diaphragm Filler radically departs from all earlier types, regardless of whether thgy have a rubber ink sac or not. Be sure to see and try this pedigreed Beauty tc^y at any good pen counter. The Parker Pen Co., Janesville, Wisconsin. Makers of Qaink^ the new pen-cleaning writing ink, ISo, 35o anti up.
We Welcome You at Red’s Complete Modern Barber Shop We give Crosley Xervac treatments for falling hair. Best results guaranteed. Shine Boy 327 State St.
Welcome Students University Loose Leaf Binder University Loose Leaf Fillers Form B. Filler Paper . Typing Paper SPIRAL Note Books SPIRAL Tablets Drawing Pencils Erasers—All Kinds Fountain Pens,- Fountain Pen Ink and Mechanical Pencils Drafting Tape F. W. Woolworth NORTH SIDE SQUARE
NK SUPPLY
HOLDS 102^ MORE INK THAN OUR FAMOUS DUOFOLD
guaranteed Pons, $5, $7.50, $8.75, $10
^75? lo
VACUMATIC-?^&>
MECHANICALLY PERFECT Pencils to match, $2.50, $3.50, $3.75, $5>
RADIOS
V
for \ I Student Rooms
Phone
QomsL UL and. inApsct oWv comfdsdsL UnsL jO^ AgdioA. - - $8.00 jup.
APPLIANCE SALES Main at Eighth0
r
/ , ? '
«■ ' i> ‘•f ' If' i% -
WELCOME FRESHMEN
Last year we shipped out over 600 boxes of Whitman's Famoiis Candy on Valentine Day. We wrap, pack and pay the postage in the first zone, n it goes beyond the first zone, you pay the difference. These ore beautiful heart - shaped boxes just for Valentine Day. We sell Whitman's regular box candy every day.
Slide Rules should be bought in the Freshman year so one may learn how to use it before he takes a sub'ject in which he is required to use it. His chance of passing the subject is increased 100%.
We hove 1,000 bedutiful Pipes of many makes from which you may make your selection. , A Man's Best Friend is his Pipe. jPipes at 25c, 50c, $1.00, $1.25, $2.00, $3.50, $5.00 & DunhiUs at $10.00.
Sheaffer Pens and Pencils. Parker Pens and Pencils. Wahl Eversharp Pens and Pencils. A very larg^ assortment of all sizes and prices for you to select hrom.
Vanities, Bracelets, Necklaces, Cigarette Cases and many other kinds of gifts.
Notional Loose Leaf Note Books. All kinds and all prices from 10c to $4.90.
Alarm Clocks of all kinds. Watches from $1.00 up.
Felt Purdud Pennants an^ Pillows at your price. ^
Athletic Socks and Gym Suits.
DEAG H. G. Reisnei
EVERYTHING FOR A COLLEGE EDUCATION
We Pay 40% Cash for your Second-Hand Books Every Day in the Year.
We Sell Tickets for the Greyhound Bus Lines to any place in the United States and the Busses leave from right in front of the Store. We charter Busses for private trips. Also Coll 2976, if you wish the CoTrect Time
We ore Agents for the Western Union and Postal Telegraph, if you wish to send a telegram. We hove the Agency for the Railway Express and will send your laundry bag any place in the United States for thirty-eight (.cents if it does not weigh over fifteen pounds. We hove the Finest Laundry Bags made for $1.25 and $1.50. They sell most places for $2.00. We sell FORM B for 13c a half pad er 25c for a full pad. All Form Papers used at Purdue sold by the sheet, one-fourth pad, one-half pad or fuU pad.
WE CANT PLEASE EVERY ONE, BUT WE REALLY TRY
We hove 100 different kinds of Stationery for your selection. Plain box Stationery and Purdue Seal Stationery. We have Ryteat Personal Stationery. 100 to 200 sheets with your name and address on each sheet and envelope.
All Athletic Goods. Tennis Bolls all makes. The Famous Harry C. Lee Slotted Throat Tennis Racket from $2.00 up to $15.00. The Beautiful Ken-Well Tennis Racket, $1.95 to $5.40.
We have Lab Coats as low as $2.25. We have Lab Aprons as low as 69c. We have all Biology Supplies.
Purdue Souvenirs. Leather Bill Folds, Leather Traveling Cases and Over Night Bags.
We have a beautiful line of Purdue Jewelry with the Purdue Seal on each article.
We have transparent Silk Rain Capes at $1.50 and Rubber Rain Capes and Coats at $1.50.
We carry a big line of fresh, delicious 5c and 10c Bar Candy. [ AU^kinds of Cigarettes.
Baseball and Indoor Bats and Bolls, Baseball Gloves.
Birthday Cards for everyone's birthday. Hundreds to select from.
Drawing Instruments and all Drawing Supplies.
All Magazines.
G. REISNER STUDENT AND BOOK SUPPLY STORE