' \ I
For Blanket
Motto For Browsing Room In Union
Addition Puzzles Directors
39 Seniors To Receive Npt Oiamps WiU Get Sflver Keys
Don Baird and his orchestra, from Valley Dale, Columbus, Ohio, will play for the annual Blanket Hop, sponsored by the Green Potters, in the Union ballroom tonight. “P” blankets will be awarded to 39 senior men who have participated in University athletics and members of the Blanket Hop committee at the dance. Members of the championship net squad will be presented with silver basketball charms at the same
time.
All recipients of blankets and basketballs will attend the dance a§ the guests of the Student Union. A list will be provided at the door that can be signed to obtain admission to the i^llroom. Blanket Awards Fqlloydrig is a list of those whe will receive blankets: Football: Blume, Dailey, Dennis, East, Fehring, Guirl^ Loebs, Reed, Sandefur (R. W. and W. T.) Skqronski, Vaughn-Catt, ^ Voss, and Wrijght. Pasketball: Elliptt, Kegsler, Lam-
be^.'
pjsseball; Shuttleworth.
ipipjick: Glehdeiihing, Janos, and
Tpipis : |likolich, Tzucker. G<5|fi Bre^!^, Dobelbower. Swimming; Davenport.
Fehciwg: Gteen, Silverman, Ham-
mqpn, Blpckj^.
Squash; Noil, Ulrey.
Pistol; Cassel, Grannis. Gpmmittee; Hays, Puller, Brown-
ing, King, Heuser.
Besides the three seniors listed above, thofe who will receive silver basketballs are: Downey, Budd, Seward, Smith, Mangas, Cummins, Holloway, Sines, Young, Malashh* and Brdcej Manager Coulter, Coaches Lanihert and Fehring, and
Trainer Lon Mann.
As the east wing of the Uiupn Building nears completion, plans are being made for the decoration of the interior, but there is still one problem which perplexes the bpard and the management, and that is" the selection of an inscription for over the fireplace of the “browsing room*f. This room will be located in the southeast corner of the addition, jand the keynote will be comfort. Easy chairs will lend comfort to the reading of the 2,5Q0-odd volumns which will eventually occupy the shelves. Included in the literature with which the room will be supplied is a selection of the current magazines and
papers.
List Prepared The Student Union has prepared a list of the inscriptions which have been suggested for the fireplace, but the help of the student body has been requested for making a final selection. Following is a list of the inscriptions which are being con-
sidered:
^Tis the good rdader that makes ttievgood lW)dk,rtHMersbn,i Books - are. Hie ; immorality of speech.—^SchlegOli: Master books, but do not let them master you. Read to live, not live to read.-rTBulwer. To read/^thout refiocting is like eating without digesting.-^Burke Hippy is hei^fio has^laid up in his youth, and hMd fast in aH fqrtp^ a : gentiine and passionate; love for reading.--rrGhpaie. Books are lighthouses erected in the sea of tihie.^Whipple, Borne hooks are to be tasted; oth-
ers swallowed; and some few to bp chewed and digested.—^Bacon. The highest form of liberty is tp be able to read what one wills when one will.—^Anon. Next to acquiring good friends, the best acqnisltipn is ihat of good books.—Colton. There would be neither learning nor liberty iii a world where men did not choose to read.—^Anon. Haven for armchair adventurers. Anon. There are many more quotations which are on the list, but to date none have received final approval. Any comments on the above or the suggestions of others will be appreciated by the Union.
In Ballroom
-wu^nic Cpuncil Sponsors Meeting In Union Ballroom
last Day To Order Senior Programs
Winds
Members of women’s Greek letter organizations will meet today at 1 o’clock in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building at a luncheon sponsored by the Lafayette PanHellenic Association.' Tables decorated with spring flowers will be arranged so that the active members of each sorority will be able to sit together. Each organization will sing one or two of its songs immediately after the lunch-
Engineers Plan Dinner
Today is the deadline for semors order commencement programs, mple programs will ^ on toplay
at a special desk in the Union from 1 to 4:30 o’clock, and at Deac’s and Sputhworth’s all Orders may ke left for any numbpr but must lie
paid for at time of ordering. Glass reunions and festivities are
being planned by E. B. Baugh, Alumni secretary, as well as by rep-
resmrtaHves pf tiv^
Deadline Tnniorrow For Buying Tickets; Dr. Luckiesh To Talk
Senior Go-eds Visit CliicJ^o
Inspect Large Grocei^ And Dry Goods Stores
VFW Plans And Growth Now Shown On Screen Film
By Associated Gollegiate Press !:^he story of the organization and growth of the country’s latest phenomenon, the serio-comic Veterans of Future Wars, which has spread from Princeton University to most campuses throughout the country, is dramatically told as one of the principal episodes of the new March of Time on the screen released na tioiially April 17. ; Although scarcely two months old, the ‘Weterans,” brain child of three Princeton 'pn^ergraduatee with ah hilarious idea of prepaid patriot^pi and a hohpe before they fight, now has piore than 20,000 members and 144 posts over the country. The episode shows the start of the Veterans of Future Wars and the Sensation it caused at Princeton:: Boon fifty schools had organized aniJ an oMce had heeh ppened. In the corridors of the national capital ap pearedanew tonhole politiciane. As veterans and bonus advecates strike back, the idea behind %e naHfn*hl csai^comrsy is shi^ihg and Inpadenittg.^^ profiteers of future wars and other similar gronps afe orgahiaed. Beyeral hundred college stwdehts took part in making the film and eamera crews w^ere sent campuses of Princeton, Rensseler Polytechnic at Troy, New Yprk and Sarah Lawrence College at Hreni^'dHe, New- "Yorkj iP’ .order ;that .evcgy .part: of itmight he anihehtie.
Bixteen senior home economics students are in Chicago this weekend inspecting points of interest in the fields that they are studying. The young women are divided into two groups, both of which have their headquarters at the Allerton hotel Prof. Amy Howe, head of the department of clothing and textiles here, is in charge of nine of the co-eds, who are visiting large retail and wholesale dry goods departments and museum exhibits. The remaining seven students who are under the supervision of Prof. Edith Gamble, head of the University department of institution Efiapagement, are inspecting whole Sale and retail grocery companies, and several restaurants and other food units.
Tickets, priced at Cehi®, for the all engineering. honorary banquet, to be held Wednesday at 6:30 o’clock in the Union ballroom, may be ohtamed bhly today or tomorrow at Uie ; Uniph desk at Pfofe^sxm Enapp’s office. Sponsored by Tail BetA Pi, Pi ikmSignm, Chi-EPsdon, Phi Lambda Upsilbn, and Eta Happa Nd, the ifinner will feature an address by Dr. Matthew Luckiesh, director of the lighting research laboratory Of the General Electric Company. Served.In World War Doctor Luckiesh was Chairman of the committee on camouflage of the national research council during the World "War, and served as president of the Illuminating Engineering Society in 1925. He has been presented with several awards for his work in the field of visibility and is the author of a number of books and articles on technical siibjects. Freshmen and sophomores who made distinguished ratings last semester will have the opportunity of attending the affair, along with the faculty and the student members of the organizations.
Program The program will open with a talk by Mrs. De Marchus Brown, of Indianapolis, who has chosen for her topic, “The Lady of Godeys”. Mrs. Justus Rising, president of the Purdue adMspfycQimcii for /fraternity women, will then read a report that was prepared by Mrs. H, C. Mahin, national officer of Alpha Xi Delta sorpriHr, oii/ttm ^^<mal Pem-Hel-lenic AssPciaHon meeting which was held last Summer/
\Vho plan to Tetum for Gala Week.
Best Soldier Finals Today
Scabbard And Blade Contest Closes Exam At 1 O’clock
500 Couples At PIA. Diuieie
Open Social Season In Completed Ballroom
Goiiipl0tes Tour Stjhedule
Home Ec Class Will Hear Textile Expert M^day Barbara Hnnt, of: Morrison’s Women’s Apparel Shop, in Indianapolis, will talk Monday at io o’clpck ill the clpthing clftseropm to senior kbme ecphpinics stndents who are specializing in clotliing ahd textiles and anypne else intereited. The sqh ^ect of Mjss HiJntk is “Cabhages and Kings’^ in wliiek she will include clothes and personpility,
Word was received yesterday that Rochester’s school board has agreed to sponsor a concert by the University Symphonic band on May 8, thus completing the schedule for the band tour. The concert will probably be held at the Colonial Gardens hotel on Lake Manitpu, a popular summer resort. Other engagements on the same tour will be the Blossom Fes tival parade in Benton Hftnbpr Mich., arid a concert in Crown/Point. Upperclassmen in the band have been working all this week on lighting equipment the band will use in Louisville next Wednesday ifight. Last yeai’ the band won the cup for the “Best College/Band”.
“Five hundred couples are here already, and more are coming,” stated Harold Bennstrom, P. I. A, hews chairman, at 10 O’clock last night in reporting bn the orgahiza' tibn’s formal dance in the Uhibn balkoom. “The new addition gives room enough for even this number,”: he added, also stating that it was the first time that the ballroom had been useff for a dance since the addition Was completed. Larry Price and his eleven piece orchestra provided the music after last minute negotiations had engaged fhsm in plakcje of “Jhg” Qw'em who wgs priginally scheduled but who was unable to fulfill the eh gagebpmit. The chaperones and guests for the becasipn included Dean and Mrs. Fisher, Dean Stratton, Dean and Mrs/ Enders, Df. O’Shea, Mr. and Mrs. Bodden, Mr. and Mrs Moore, Helen Ellis, Veronica Brady Mr. and Mrs. Oreger, and Miss Cbolidge.
Fartieipahts in the Schbb^d and Blade Best Bpldier ephtebt will meet in the Armbry/ai 1 o^o(^ today in uniform for a final wnitteh and practical examihatiph over all the work covered/Hus' sem^ter. Medals and citatipnawill he awarded/to tiie first five winners in hbth freshnian and sophomore classes, and citation^ to the next five winners in each class/ Giassrobm grades will have ho bearing on the finM demsion^; conduct ih di^ peric^ ?^nd pAGo^s Day throughout the semester will have special si^ificance. Members of Scabbard apd will conduct the examination. The committee in charge consists of H R. Larsen, F. W. Stone, W. N. Engels, G. J. Snyder, L.B. Hitchey, ahd
J, M, Baker. ^
Purdue’s varsity mne faces a tpugh double header with Minnesota’s team this afternoon as a result of the postponement of yesterdayfs game on account of chill Minneapo-
lis winds.
Bob Rosser, outstanding Boilermaker right handed hurler, who was to get the call to mount the rubber for yesterday?8 tilt, will put them over in. the first game today. Either Bartz or Downey will take the mound for the sepond game. Besides these three burlers, other Purdue diamondmen who .will figure in the Boilermakers’ drive for their first Big Ten victory include Malas^, ka, Krause, Martin, G^dwell, Waling, Lucas, Sines, Young and Moser. It is hoped that the cold weather will not have a harmful effect upon thb/already fiMdtog/iiff Pnrdue s^ad* J^st ppud^tions favori^ the Gopher nine and a great extent aepounte^ for their decisive victories over the Roilennakers.
Dr.EUiottGoes
■/ii
East Today
To Inspeet U. S. Naval Academy At Annapolis
Scientists
PlanBanquet
Ghasteen In Hospital ; Conation Qiily Fnir
JeR Pan4 Wiljl^e GoMiQiert Tpniii^ow
According to a statement made late last night by Dr. D. H. McKinneyj the condition of A. M. Ghasteen who was taken to the Home Hospital Thursday afternoon sbfferihg from a comhination of kidhey trouble and a bad cbld, is only fair. Ghasteen is a junior agriculture student and an associate editor Pf the Exponent. The date of his release from the hospital can not yet be estimated.
FACULTY meeting
monthly meeting of the faculty ^11 be held on Monday, April 27, at A p. m., in Stanley Cbnltor Hall. A full attendance is expect^. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, ' ...President. ■ ■
pf:|pllin|;. Mi^ Hunt-^11 drav)^ the mqteriai ■ fpr her tplk from wide pxpeMence as weU ab from an intenbiyp study of clpthes, budgets, and selling technique.
Eflor View la Building No. 2
Au e^kibit, consisting of spe Mnl bplor /pbotpgpi^ reproduc Hons of famous paintings, is now on jilipjay in fbu Hoi^e Economics Building No. 2, under the direction of the department of applied desipi This display is made possible by the Indiana/University extension division, which has cbllected eleven such exhibits, available to anyoue requesting tl>em fpr the cost transportatioh. These prints werp niadeby the Medici Gompany. y'^hich nsos n sP^ciaLi^bcbss wth t^ celleht results in color reproduction and quality of paini
The Jefferspri higb schpbl baud will give its annual spring concert tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 b’clpck in the schppl gynmasium. B> Adams will d^et the pf ganization in its last public appeararice befpre it goes to Frankfort May/1 and 2 for the state contest, The public is invited tp at^nd tomorrow’s ppr-
formance.
The prpgyam inclu4cs sewM known band compositions, three of which will be played at the contest, a brass choir number, a woodwind quintet composition, and cornet clarinet, and saxophone solos. Grammar school banda will join in with
th^ei Jefferson ^PUP in
ber. V-/ ',
Glee Qub Returns From Nortberu IndiiHna Tom
The University Men’s Glee club rpturaed early tiffs morning^fe^ a pne-day ; tpUr of nprthern Indiana high schools.: Programs were given at high schools of Hammond, Whiting:, and East Ghicago. Following the cpricerts, the glee club gave special concert in the Hammond high spbool after which the Purdue Alumni Association of Hammond held a dance in the choir’s honor.
Presentation of seven papers pn variouk phases of haptoHelpBi^i work will feature Hie Ainupr mPetiug iof the .Indiana irraneb of the Spciety of American/ Bactpnplpjgists which will be held in the receptibn room of the M-pmoriel Union Huilding next WePfosday pypning. -^e dinner vffll start pfbmptiy at 0:80
o’dpek, with tim p^pspnfpiS^
technical papers to fpllbw at 8, Pappi*s that wdll be presented hpfoto the nmetinjg inplude: “Rpppnt Trends in Amebiasis and AmeMc Dpentpry”, Mr^ GaMP>n4 W, S. Hbadlee; “Bacteriological Gpntrol of Ice Gream”, E. H- ParfitL and F/ JBabel; “The Antiseptic Value of Diphenyl Halogen Substitutipn Prbducts in Qintments”, C. 0. Lee and R. O. Graw; “The Growth of Intep tinal Protozoa of Termites in Gulture”, P. A. TetraUlt and R. L. Phil' lips; “The DigestiPn of Cellulose at 37 Degrees Centigrade’’, P. A. Tetrault.and J. Hurwiks;/'Experiments in the Purification of tiie Vifns of Rabies”, C. A. Behrens and J. M Barker; “Antigenic Properties Purified VirUs of Vaccinia”, C. A
Behrens and R. K. Jennings,
Reservations for fbe dinner should be iuade before ^esdayynth either C. A- Behrens or P, A. TetraUlt, Par-
due biology department.
Dr. E. C. Elliott, president of the University, will leave today for Annapolis, Md/; where he will spend :tbe;bf?t :lfW:duys. sbrmng/.jim; tim^ board of visitors to the U. B; Navkl Academy, to which he /was nan^ several weeks ago by President Roosevelt. Tbe bomrd consist^ of USenators, Representotives and leading educators, and makes recommendations on the work offered:li^
.tim-acadeiny.: ,;//..
Next Friday and Satimday he Will return to Washington to Attend a meeting of the (^eentive committee the Ammican Coimml on Edudition. /Mrs. Elliott will accoiapany
him on the trip.
BapGsts From ro Here Fikf First
Session
Baptist students i&bm Hidmu Uiffymsity will convene here today end tomoPow wRh^B^ from Purdue in the first annual conference of the two groups. They will meet at the West Lafayette Himl^t church, with the Roger Williams club of the local church acting as host... .
The pregrnm yrlll open thfe afternoon at 2i o’lff ock with the organization of threediscussiongroups.Suba^e ^organkm^®^'V and social aspecto of the respective students”, and “Baptist organisations”. The general session will hA^
Formal Scabbard And Blade Initiation Monday
mion Building ficfflovffDg^ ah o’clodc. At 8 b’clock, the studehm win attend a parly ^ven by Prof. Jf. H- Wilej^ at his home at Ridge. Twenty-seven Indiana students Imve already signified their mtention to attend. Lawrence Haynes, past president of the Baptist student cabiuet, is chairman of arrmo^ ments, and Miss Ltuffa Prentice is chairman of the housing committee.
^ Udtta Sigwq
Albert W. TrippeL obtained his master’s degree, special izing in entooiblogy in 1934, has accepted a ppsifion as assistant to the state entomologist of Indiana,/aiuj yffll have his headquaHiers Au■huni.;'-
Delta Sigma Lambda fraternity announces the iniHation of R. Afuold, Salem; J. E. Baumruckefj Chicago; R. S, Heers, Gary; C./G, Gliftoni Covington; D. R. Vamm Nbblesville; Ymgane> Mi<dd gan City; J. Vernon, Rochester. The fraternity also aunouhees /the pledging of J. M, Bond^ J. A. Hemrick, Peru; and W, Windecker, Ridgefield Park, N. J.
Sqal^aiM/md Blade wiU luffd furmal imtiatioh m the Armoiy At 0 o’clock Mbndky evmimg m lowbd by a fofm^V initiation bamI4n^ at Major General R- H, T^dAU» nAtibxml guard communder of badHmapoliSj/vnll be imtiated into tiio local <diApter And will give the princIpAl address at the hahauet,
Theta Xi “Sfimgeg” WM GiveProgrmnTomorram
Si^Qtia AI^h
Sigma Alplm Epsilon the pledging of .Wayne,:.
ular Sunday evening program tomorrow mgkt at 6t45 o’clock in the cafeteria of the Union Buttding. The *^Three Stooges” (not the widely puhlicized three, hut another three who etaim to he hetter> wBl liefeaItence”. Them *<8itent partner” wiB appear with them in this stunt. They will also present a skit entitled ’^Borneo and Juliet”,’(\k« ' V '■ " J ^
1 '
Ehiteted m second eiass matter «t the post: office, Lsfajrette, Indiana. Delieered by, aMU, $8.80 par year t delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
^ Biittiiiesi; Phone 84)88
MAIN CjiiTlGE-rr812 North Fifth Street
Bditctf iat Phihie 80S7
DailF Stndent;;i*ttMic^bn : Piir^Me.':IlniverBlt3r;
If"’' g
l!ditoiisin-Chief.._-Mahaging: Editor... associate Editors,.
Sports Editor..
KDITOBIAE STAFir :
...;.ja. V. Hdussr
„G. H. Gampbell
LjAi. M. ChaSteeh, G. M. Hhrdih,
W. T. Hunt; B. a. Morris, BI G. Walther
,.N. E. Hays
Associate Spmrts jMitors.._ —Mull, L. D. Sophomore ^^ A. Barnette. J. E. Brock,:A. H. Forester, C. Harper, Jr., R. P. Manion. G. K Sadler, R. G, Schenk, J; L. von Hars Bold and Black Editor.-™—.—..—.—.W. R^A^ott
Bnsinees Ut Advertising
Manager..
BIJ81NSS® SVAFF
Manager-
Advertising AssistantsOircniatipn Manager.
—W. A. Mods
■ : . : PL F. Ahtonini
..L. H. Brown, R. CreS, D. G. Miller
.......—-R. J. Hnlse
Saturday, April 25> 1936.
Issiie Eitlor—-€t. A. Torremce.
Three dots, three dashes, three dots—the radio caU that has flashed out so many times from ships in distress—-the first warning to the outside world of many an impending tragedy on the oceans. And the times have not ended in which luxurious liners send out the SOS call, even with the marvelous adyancements in science. Many sea disasters are readily called to mind. The sad fates of the Mohawk^ the Morro Gastle, and others are indicative of the treachery of the sea. With the radio came the chance for faster rescue and also with the radio came an apparent relaxation in the formerly rigid safety precautions. As evidenced in many of the most recent catastrophies, safety devices somehow failed to work; crews were panicky and disorganized; lives were lost by the score.
and with their treatment by company offieials, they were more than willing to tell their versions of why the sea has been claii ing more than its share of victims. They charged, in specific cases, that life boat drills for the benefit of the inspectors were held not by the regular crews> but by shore workers; that life boats with paper-thin bottoms were commonly in use; that inspectors who saw the dangers were quietly i^ored and transferred to other districts ; and a host of other equally serious charges. The signal SOS has no meaning; it is merely a convenient arrangement of dots and dashes, regardless of the popular slogans “Save Our Souls” and “Save Our Ship”. But if that signal continues to flash Out and the results continue to be as disastrous as in many cases in the past, the government, too, will be forced to take up the cry of SOS. But this cry will have a meaning, “Safety On Sea”, and it will bring about great advancement in the use of safety measures on ships that leave American ports.—W. T. H.
WESLEY FOUNDATION (Methodist) Most of the student leaders will be in attendance at the Regional Wes-, ley Foundation conference at Illinois University over this week-end. They will report the findings and results of the convention at the Epworth League meeting tomorrow evening at 6:30 p. m. At the Sunday school dass for men stud Hewe, froni; Gafiada; now oh the Purdue staff, win be the speaker^ 9:30 a. m.
EPISCOPAL ^ ^ T. K. Noss is scheduled as the Speaker on the program of the Young People’s Fellowship tomorrow night at 7 p. m. Supper is served at 6 p. m. Good Fellowship is our purpose in haying these w®®Wy gatherings for students. The morning service, at 10:45,-will be in the spirit of Easter, with sermon and music based on this important theme. Holy Communion is celebrated every Sunday at 8 a, m.
Hearst Suppresses A Brisbane Golnnm Another story concerning the militaristic policies of publisher Hearst deals with the suppression of a column written by the high-salaried Arthur Brisbane. Ridiculing of Army Day celebrations and the praising of the elder Robert M. LaFollette, of Wisconsin, in the Brisbane editorial column on April 7, Army Day, displeased W. R, H. At least the column did not appear in any of the newspapers of the Hearst chain on that day. Some of the passages of th6-Brisbane column that are said to have annoyed Hearst follow: “Various parades and performances, assisted by our army, ‘celebrated’ the 19th anniversary of Uncle Sam’s joining the war. That seems like celebrating the time you fell downstairs and broke your leg. We had no business in the last war that caused us to squander 50 million dollars with inept extravagance, plus 10,000 millions to dishonorable borrowers in Europe. “Celebrating foolishness of that kind seems childish. For the next 100 years this country will be paying for that War in pensions, bonuses, and heaven knows what. The last pensioned widow of the war of 1812 has just died and that war occurred 124 years ago. “The man to remember and honor this time is the dead Senator La Follette, who made a vigorous fight against the United States’ entrance into the war. High finance disguised as patriotism had its way, so we had our war, and now we have our depression.”—R. P. M.
READERS’ GPiNtON The Exponent welcomes comments oi good taste and reasonable length from its readers. Typewritten articles are preferred.
Peace Is ImpossMe : . - To the Editor: “Let us have Peace!” shouted one per cent of the twenty percent of the college students who are pacifists throughout our land. And of our 130-odd million people, how many are college students? And of those who attended the concerted nation-wide peace-strike, howmany went from any motive dissimiliar to that which draws people to a flea-circus ? To how many of that rather vast audience did that message strike inore than skin deep? Very few—^very few. Witness the comments of the so-called student intelligentsia at Purdue following the demonstration, as it appeared in the Exponent on the following morning. Here we have criticisms of speech delivery —the fleas’ hopping was “pseudo-forceful!” It made someone think—hurrah! One of the speakers was “unpatriotic”—-ye Gods, let’s all be unpatriotic, if this is all the effect a really conscientious endeavor to put across a very pertinent point has. “Fine speeches, but they missed the real point at issue— ugh! Do you see what I’m driving at? The demonstration was dignified, forceful, intelligent. But ho one cares—and if this is the response furoiised In educated eoUeg© people, whnt better response can be expected from the masses ? What good is it to shout “Wake Up!”? Nay, the average man will still gladly forsake the drudgery of a job over a desk or a lathe, for the glory of a uniform and a military band—-for the responsibility of discipHhe, and the barbaric abandon of military life. And as long as the men who want peace are only rousing asinine and ridiculous comments from their audiences, instead of actring from senatorial chairs, nothing will be done. No> not a thing, and peace will stiU be a beautiful painting that We drag Out of the attic now and then, to gaze at enraptured, and say : “It looks as if it were alive.”—L. B. Challis.
CENTRAL PRESBYTERIAN Prof, J. A. Estey will give the second of the series of talks on “What Constitutes an Educated Man”, to the student group at 9:30. This series is being received with unusual interest. The program of the Sunday Evening club will be of the nature of an amateur night. The talent presented will be largely from the membership of the club. Supper is served at 6:30.
WEST SIDE BAPTIST Don’t forget the I. U.-Purdue gettogether this afternoon and tomorrow. At 9:30 tomorrow morning, Roger Williams class. Prof. Trimble 'wilh talk on “Psychology and Religion”. Morning services at 10:35, “What Religion Means to Me”. Evening services at 7:30.
... ’CHRISTIAN : Rev. Jessup will deliver the ser mon at the morning service at 10:45 a. m. Student class at 9:30. There will be a spring musical festival, sponsored by the Helen Berry Guild at 4 p. m. Christian Endeavor with social hour in the evening.
IJniv. Of Wichita Offers Course In Police Work Wichita, Kan.—(AGP)—Already a pioneer in police courses, the Uni versity of Wichita has announced a second class in “The Science of Police Work”. The course is offered by the College of Liberal Arts and Sci ences.. The Wichita courses are planned to give a thorough knowledge, both general and technical, of all phases of police practice. Similar courses are being taught at the Universities of Minnesota, Southern California, Ohio State and Michigan State.
Graduate Will Address Frosh Survey Class Miss Nelle Hancock, Purdue ’28, will talk to the freshman survey class Tuesday morning at 11 o’clock in the Home Economics Auditprium. Her subject will be “Teaching Home Economics”. Miss Hancock has taught this subject since her graduation, and is at present employed in a Hammond high school. The meeting is open to all.
A sure sign of Spring . . . only a dozen, couples in the Sweet Shop at 4 o’clock. LITTLE AUDREY ... STOP! Little Audrey went with her mother to a seance. She had her fortune told and then asked the fortune teller to laugh. He looked surprised, but Little Audrey’s mother paid him so he laughed. Little Audrey suddenly struck him. “Little Audrey I ’’ her mother exclaimed. “Why did you do that ? ” But Little Audrey just laughed and laughed,. for she' had alUrays wanted to sta'ike a happy medium. The Houstonian, says, “the three R’s run through life. At 86 it’s romance, at 36 it’s rent, and at 6Fit’s rheumatism.” ■ , . and for most of us we might add—-after death it’s roasting. Add poetry: she ain’t got mucha ' disor dat . ^ her paint. is put on , helterscat there’s no powder on her nose and there . am snags in her hose, in fact to most she’d raise a moan but i love her ’cause she smokes her own. —Cardinal. HOLD EVERYTHING ! 1 1 Arison Brown’s back in town ! ! “Susie ’n Stu”; takes the MARS double-passes. “The Ghost Goes West” may inspire them, we hope!
Jobs Await College Grad, Says 1. U. Dean Dean H. B. Wells, of Indiana University, states that a majority of the graduates of the I. U. business school will find jobs waiting for them upon graduation. He reported that the demand for college graduates, trained in busiriess, is double that of last year. The program of the school iricludes an effort to place all the graduates of the business school. '
Learn to Dance Correctly By Enrollinsr in Onr New Beginner’s Class Wed., Apr. 29, 7:00 p. m. Glass will comnloted before ■chool do9«k Phone 2160
ALLEN’S
6th & Perry
Famous last line; in a snowdrift...”
T lost my pin
SUNDAY -.MONDAY,
and WALLACE FORD in “Another Face” alto NEWS POPEYE Last Times Today “Sundown Rider” “Gappy Ricks Returns” “Custer’s Last Stand”
SUNDAY - MONDAY
Last Times Today DOUBUE FEATURE KEN MAYNARD in “The Cattle Thief” and GEORGE BANCROFT “Hellship Morgan’
Cah Galloway leatfe' his fUmoUs; bandvin some of the hottest swing numbers ever filmed when he appears with A1 J'olsbn, Sybil Jason, the Yacht Club Boys, Edward Everett Horton and scofes of other entertainers in First National’s “The Singing Kid,” which opens at the Mars Theatre Sunday.
ROBERf 0. RISK , HAROLD J. RISK LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schulte Bids. Phon. WQl Comer 4th and liain
DEAG BAS ETBSTTHINO for a COLLEGE EDUCATION a G. EEIBNER
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
CllUCIFiEI»BY GHASTLY LIES AiDHeSSIP THAT TIE
WWUEWMtP HELIEYI
Starts TOMORROWr *
T''; i’
f '
!
■
wmMS
Bows To Crimson Teiam
Intersquad Grid Battles Offer Thrills To Fans By L. D. Wood. Sport-loving students, and especially those who are keenly interested in next year’s football team, are nussing a gddd to httmM the practice games which are^eing held eadrafterhpbn o^ varsity practice field just east of fiary ilalU In order to atouse^^^m enthusiasm among the squad mem-. hers, and in order to enable the coaches to betl^; judge ^eir m rial, Coajch' ^obe Kizer has divided his squad into four teams. These tearhs have been plajdng a half of a regulation gariie each afternoon this week.'-.; :,v ^ Followirigthe play Of the first twO games there yrill be a continuance of the games, all leading up to the bijg intersquad game which will be played Saturday, May at 2 O’clock in Ross-Ade stadium. Anyone interestr ed in the gridiron sport will find plenty to watch in these practice encounters and furthermore a row of bleachers has been erected on the east side of the field for the comfort of the spectators. At present there has been more than enough room for the few who have been interested enough to come and see the games. Big Play-Off The big. play-off at the stadium, sponsored by the Gimlet club, vrill provide a complete afternoon of sport. At 2 o’clock the game between the freshmen and the combined juniors and sophomores will begin. But that’s only the beeeeginning. Following the gridiron classic which will provide a wonderful opportunity to inspect next year’s team un^ der fire, there will be a Big Ten track meet with Chicago. The tickets for the football game, which will be necessary since coupon books will not be honored for this contest, are also good for the track meet. However, coupon books may be used for the track meet.
50
A short length stepin that is' long on style and durability. For the youthful type. Double knit back. "Action Boning."
Buckeyes Lose To ini’ ni On ’ Local. Courts; Purdue Will Meet Ohio Indiana and Illinois won the first day matches in the Big Ten dual meets played on the local courts yesterday. The Indiana netters defeated the Purdue squad by the score of 4 to 2, and the Illini chalked up a victory over the Buckeye tennis tjeam by the same score. Maury Wakefield came through for the Boilermaker squad with a win over Meier, of Indiana, by a score of 6-4 and 7-5j for Purdue’s only win in the singles matches. Wakefield teamed with Edmonds alsq figured in Purclub’s ^ctory in the doubles events which they iVonj 6-3; 6-3. In the other doubles events Capt. Bbib Nikolich and Ray Ulrey started out by winning the first set by a score :of 3-6; but then the Giimson teani, composed bl Tieman aind Oliver, staged a comeback to win the last two sets, 6-3 and 7-5, and take the match. niihois-Ohio State In the dual nieet between Illinois and Ohio State, the Illini wen all the events except one singles match and one doubles match. The Buckeye squad won its singles victory when Nist defeated Lewears of the Illini, 3-6, 7-5, 6-2. Ohio State’s other win came when its doubles team, composed of Nist and Benjamin, butstroked tewers.and Wright, of Iliinbis, 6-3 and 6-3. ' The Buckeye squad, which is staying over until today, will meet the Purdue netters this morning at 10 o’clock. Both teams will be keyed to gain revenge for their losses yesterday in their Big Ten dual meets. Summaries of yesterday’s matches follows: Indiana-Purdue Singles—Tieman, Indiana defeated Nikolich, Purdue, 6-4, 6-3; Oliver, Indiana, defeated Ulrey, Purdue, 6-4, 6-3; McElain, Indiana, defeated Tzucker, Purdue, 6-3, 6-3; Wakefield, Purdue, defeated Meier, Indiana, 6-4, 7-5. Doubles—Tieman and Oliver, In diana, defeated Nikolich and Ulrey, Purdue, 3-6, 6-3, 7-5; Wakefield and Edmonds, Purdue, defeated McElain and Meier, Indiana, 6-3, 6-3. Illinois-Ohio Stated Singles—Moll,. Illinois, defeated Nihousen, Ohio State, 7-5, 6-3; Nist, Ohio State, defeated Lewers, Illinois, 3-6, 7-5; 6-2; Hicks, Illinois, defeated Benjamin, Ohio State, 6-4, 6-8, 6-4; Wright, Illinois, defeated lams, Ohio State, 6-2, 6-1. Doubles—Moll and Hicks, Illinois, defeated Nihousen and lams, Ohio State; Nist and Benjamin, Ohio State, defeated Lewei’s and Wright, Illinois, 6-3, 6-3.
In Women’s (gymnasium . Under the direction of Miss Veronica Brady, of the physical edu cation department, badmintonj volleyball, tenni-quorts, and ping-pong were played in the Women’s Gym last night from 8 until 10:30 o’clock by the W. A. A. girls and their escorts. This was the first meeting of this kind since spring vacation.
>■ 4- 4^ 4 4 4 4 :4 - 4 :4 4 BIG league; STANDINGS 4 44 44 4 4 4 44 4 NATIONAL LEAGUE
TllAM
New York ...... 'T-if’a<ro CincinnaU Brooklyn Philadelphia Pittsburgh StL Louis ..;... Boston ;
TEAM Cleveland Boston New York Chicago Detroit Washington Philadelphia St. Louis .
W
L
Pet.
7 '
8
.700
.........B
4
.5B6
..........5
4
.556
6
6
.500
5
6
.465
.........3
4
.429
..;......3
4
.429
8 4 LEAGUE
.429
W
L
Pet.
6
2
.750
7
.14
.636
6
4
.600
.....4
8
.671
4
4
.500
..;......5
: 7
.417
8
6
.888
.2
7
.222
Drink Milk for More Energy
Call JOHNSON Ph6ne 413^2
Milk is your best food-— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
Freshman Golf Tourney
Coach Jack Bixler announced yesterday that a freshman golf tournament will get under way next Wednesday under the supervision of the Intramural department. Those frosh wishing to qualify for their freshman numerals are urged to sign up on the bulletin board in the Memorial Gymnasium at their earliest possible convenience.' The candidates will play 36 holes and the' best scores will determine the members of the frosh varsity.
■f.4- 44444444 FRATERNITY TENNIS SINGLES 4-44444,4444 Today, 2 o’clock Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Delta UPt silon. Kappa Delta Rhp Vs, Beta Theta K. Signia Alpha Epsilon v6. Sigma Chi, ;■v-;;\^'2:30 Wclock:Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Nu. Signia Phi Epsilon vs. Theta Ghi. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Gamma ta.Phi Kappa vs. Beta Sigma Psi, ■' 3;:,o’clock, ' Pirathon vs. pi Kappa Phi. Sigma Pi Vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Psi.
I Socked An Amazon
99
t 4 4 4 4 4 4.4 4 4
444 4
-f 4 4 4
4 4' 4
Monday
Diamond 1— Triangle Vs. Delta Tau Delta. 2— -Phi Kappa Psi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. /. 3— Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 4— Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Alpha
Epsilon.
5— rTau Kappa Epsilon vs. Pi Kap-
pa Phi.
6— Theta Tau vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 7— Delta Upsilon vs. Lambda Chi
Alpha.
8— Sigma Chi vs. Phi Delta Theta. 9— Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Phi Ep-
silon.
Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma.
10
4 4 4 4 4 4 4' 4. 4. 4 4 YESTERDAY’S RESULTS > ^ 4 4; 4 4 4 > > NATIONAL LEAGUE Chicago, 6 ; Pittsburgh, 1. Boston, 4; Philadelphia; 1;. Brooklyn, 8 ; New York, 2. St; Louis; Cincinnati—-No Game. AMERICAN LEAGUE Cleveland, 6 ; Chicago. 2. Philadelphia, 3; Boston, 1. New York, 10 : Washington, 2. Detroit, 9 ; St. Louis, 3. AMERICAN ASSOCIATION St. Paul, 10 ; Indianapolis, 4. Columbus, 1, Milwaukee, 0. Minneapolis, 4; Louisville, 2. Kansas City* 8; Toledo, 6.
4. 4 4 4 .4; 4. 4^ 4 4 TODAY’S GAMES 4 4 4 4 4; 44 4 , NATIONAL LEAGUE Chicago at Cincinnati. Pittsburgh at St. Louis. Boston at New York. Brooklyn at Philadelphia. •AMERICAN LEAGUE Detroit at Chicago. New York at Boston.' St. Louis at Cleveland. . Philadelphia at Washington.
4.4
4 4
Kelly, Princeton Boxing- Coach, Tells Of ScrapWith FemalePug “I Socked an Amazon” is the title of a most unusual article that John A. (Spider)’ Kelly, instructor of boxing at Princeton University, has recently written in The American Golfer. The Amazon whom Mr. Kelly socked was a female boxer against whom he vras matched without warning many years ago in an exhibition at Gloucester City/ Ni J. Spider describes the, sight which met his startled gaze, as follows: “ . . . the lady’s whole left eyebrow had been carried away in some not-to-be-forgotten tragedy, and her nose; bad whiten tight against her right cheek. She was short and stocky, about miy height/ ihasculihe/ a dltogetiier so tfefri^ng ^at 1 cOmthenced to wonder if Mrs, Kelly’s littlb boy wure going to enjoy bis supper.” Of tbe actua.1 fight, Spider vmites/ “I was honestly driven all around the ring, ignOminiously defeated, running from a woman i / i ” Of boking in general, Mr. Kelly declares, “ . , . a liberal education in courage and sportsmanship can be wrapped up in a right hook to the jaw.” Of bis own career, he says, “In my ring ddys I boxed more battles than any other man in the history of American boxing.” Now, at the age of sixty-odd, the love of boxing is-just as strong as ever . ..” It is just as much fun now to climb into the ring to spar with one of my Princetoin men or One of my Lawrehceville boys as it was forty years ago.”
In the W. A. A. baseball toumey now in progress, the Kappa’s are League
contests will be played before the class play starts. The next game of the present .tournament will be played Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock.
We meke appiies^ion pftttum tat $SM per dozen. Speeiai price on fete at Mtg or more. Rembrandt Studio 105 Vine St. W. UttofaUa
WE SUPPLY
I
WHY BUY?
m
next
Golf Teani Faces Crimson Today Boilermaker club-sWingei’s are staging the initial battle of this season with \lndiana today on enemy territory. Although somewhat handicapped by the ineligibility of Harold Brewer, senior veteran, and the lack of varsity competitioD this year, Purdue has three experienced lettermen and two Very promising newcomei’s to varsity competition. The Crimson squad lost three players from its four-man squad. Dobelbower, , Smith, Lockwood, Freese, and David will represent the University. This morning’s skirmishes consist of two foursome tilts. While in the afternoon four doubles teams will tangle clubs.
Co-ed Track Candidates Report For First Practice . ■ Sixteen enthusiastic co-eds turned out for the first W. A. A. track practice Thursday afternoon on the co-ed intramural field. Competition in the javelin throw, shot-put, and dashes was held. Martha Walker W. A. A. ti’ack chairman, announced that any girls interested may still come out.
Dance to Behny Gmxlmail’s syncopating music in a
from Loeh’s ^ LACES ® GHIFFONS ® STARCHED NETS ®^HEERS ® PLAIN AND PRINTED TAFFETAS ©• MOUSSELINE BE SOIES Choose one of the charming new models cleverly fashioned from • White ® Pastels ® Black • Navy. .
to 122,50
FASHION SHOPS —SECOND FLOOR
I
LAST NIGHT P I. A. DANCERS WERE INTRODUCED TO TWO NEW sweet shop TREATSr-
Lueky Montiae—a surprise treat -—■part soda, part sundae ......15e
Gloomy Sundae—-This colorful treat Will speed your gloorn away ............... . ....20e
The Corner of the Campua, Yet the Center of College Act^iti^
'
fillip*1
1Vpewriter8» Adding Machines— For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph wotk done. C. F. Fbershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779. Lost—^Large sterling silver comb in the Union Building. Gall Arleen Marshall, 66601.
NOTICES M» pBWwe’ Mii.a)*ii.0^^ tK ta.:-
Vnion Wdiik»»^Heinbeis of f<>ttr commit^ tees please ineet in Studrat TTnipn office at 4 Monday.. —ANSPACH, GRIMM, KUEHN. Chemistry Bhcaras^JSxams for removal of C Krades in chemistry 1 or 2 vrill be ^yen Saturday, May 2nd, 1-4 p. m.» room 106, Chemistry Building. Unless special arrangements are made, only people'who hrf the courses under F, J, AUeu will be ^amined : at the time and place noted abova Application for the exam should be made at room 210 Chemistry Building before May 2. /The next regular opportunity for removing C grades will be early in September. -^ALLENi
Union Workers—Members of our commit'tees please meet in Student Union office at 1 today. —ANSPACH, GRIMM, OHAVER, KUBHN, QUIGGLE, PUGH.
W. A. A. Track-
-Last call at 4 Monday. —WALKER
Girls' Glee Club—Rehearsal at 4 Monday. —FOORMAN.
Scabbard and Blade—Formal initiation at 5 Monday afternoon in Armory. Initiation banquet Monday evening at 6:3Q at Lincoln Lodge. —GLENNY.
Union Workers—Members of our committees please report in the sub-basement at 4 Monday. —OHAVER, SCHOLER, CLARK, SHOEMAKER PUGH, QUIGGLE,
Scabbard and Blade Pledges—If at all possible bring a lantern tonight. If lanterns are not a'vailable, bring a flashlight. —KANY.
■ Pi Tan Sigma—Actives and pledges please turn in all engineering banquet tickets to me before Monday night, if you are not planning to attend. —BITCHEY.
Animal Husbandry Club—Meeting at 7:80 Tuesday in room 118, Ag Hall. —^HOEFER.
Distingnished Freshman and Sophomore En^neers—Tickets for all engineering honorary banquet will be on sale at Union desk through tomorrow. • —HARRIS.
SQCIAI, BRIEFS p
Tomorrow afternooh Alpha Chi Omega will be hostess at a fraternity tea for the members of Phi Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Psi, apd Kappa Sigma, from 2:30 until 6:30 o’clock. Tuesday night members of the home economics faculty will be entertained at dinner. Kappa Kappa Gamma will give a tea for townspeople tomorrow afternoon from 3 until 6 o’clock. Margaret Richey, social chairman, will bo in charge of the affair. Pour members of , the University chapt^ of; Alpha Xi Delta sorontjK are atfendiag their province conv^tion this ■week-end at the Uniyersity of Ohio, at Athens. Thirteeii chapters, from Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, and Ohio, are to be represehted. The delegates from this chapter, Ruth Bto'wn, Chariotte Etter, Florence Hester, and Mary Hurych, are to lead the® discussion of national financing for sororities. —-sb— Pi-Beta Phi sorority will hold its annual state dance and luncheon at the Columbia Club in Indianapolis today. Thirty girls pian to attend the function. —sb— Alpha Gamma -Rho -wiir hold its spring formal dance tonight at Duncan Hall. Bill Jones and Ms orchestra will furnish the music for the occasion. The chaperones for the evening •will be Dr. and Mrs. S. J. Miller, Prof, and Mrs. Leon Todd, and Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Sodden. The dance is strictly a Closed affair. Delta Upsiion fraternity is giving a formal dinner dance from 6:30 until 12 tonight.' Bob Baker and his orchestra are to play for the dance. The chaperones for the affair are Dean and Mrs. Fisher, Captain and Mrs. Haskins, Dr. and Mrs. Creech, Mr. and Mrs. Schilling, and Mr. and Mrs. Wolever.
Uhapel Hill, N. C.—Beta Neville, enterprisitag student at the University of North Carolina here recently set out to discover ^ust what college women think of college men. He found out; too: “College men are the most selfish and egotistical creatures on earth!’’ screamed the questioned co-eds. “They get drunk too much, they lack respect for girls and older people, they have no sense of resonsibility for their social obligations.” Their table manners are “lousy”, and they toy to brag about their dates to fraternity brothers.. They are rude, insincere, disrespectful, inconsiderate, impolite, discourteous. “The thing that gets in my hair mostj” declared a Syracuse University gM, “is, wheh hpyh wqh^ stand when a girl enters the room; and I could scream when my partner keeps bumping into other couples oh a dancq flobr, I hate unnecessary profanity, and I don’t like loudhess in a boy, either.” In short, there’s nothing much that’s good about the American male as he is found in college. Prom the University of Indiana comes the opinion that “the most common failing of college boys occurs in fraternity houses after dates. There Bach boy openly and rudely classifies each girl. Sometimes a girl doesn’t have a chance to live down a reputation after a boy has branded her.” There is still hope, however. A market does exist for a campus Romeo—providing he’s remodeled. A sense of humor, ruggedness of feature rather than good looks, ability to know when he’s had enough to drink, a little athletic ability, and above all consideration and politeness are components, of The Ideal, co-eds agree.
from
635 Main St. Phone 8050-7955 Luna Theatre Building
Tippecanoe county agricultural workers will hold their April meeting this morning at 9:30 o’clock in the county agent’s office. R. R. Mulvey, of the agronomy division of the agricultural experiment station, will talk on soil improvement problems and recent developments in soil improvement work. Other items on the program include discussions of vocational and 4-H club work. Captain Aretz Gets New timson Tri-Motor Plane Captain Aretz arrived at the University Airport last night with his new Stinson tri-motor plane. Accompanying him was Mike Murphy who went to St. Louis 'With Captain Aretz to fly the large passenger plane to the local airport. The ship has a capacity of ten passengers, It is to be used for excursion trips from the airport.
V-8 FORD TAXI. CAB Blsefc CmrB for SpeeSsl peeasioiis 26e pep p8B8eii8;er an? part ai the cit? 5028 PHONES 9071
LAWN MOWEES Sharpened and repaired. New and used mowers. Prices on new Ball Bearingr Mowers $5.25 and np. Mowers called for and delivered. P. Jos, Mulfeanpt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 ' Lafayette, Ind.
Have your light summer clothes put in condition for wearing. We are fully equipped for handling them, whether laundered or dry cleaned. Send them to us now and be ready when the warm days come. Phone 3085 We Call for and Deliver
Phone 3882
wmmos EnlarjiWiisnts 2Sc fir's Studii..
m Vine St. W. Lafayette
' 641 s ' Main St.,' Lafayette s
if a
a 'then a CHOP STEAK.. ...10c at. the Tripliii,KXX^.^ : . BOOT BEEE . (irae imatebqs)
,
them help you arrange a > ‘ Corsage that she will Iona remember.
Floral Phqnf 543Z
C o ittpany
Representatives'^Of Wesley Foundation Go To Illinois U. Wesley Foundation Will be repi'esented in the regional conference at the: Uniyersi^ of Illinois^^ M yreekend by twelve Student members, according to a recent announcement. The Rev. and Mrs. William McFad-den-will accompany the group which Will meet with delegates from tweri* ty colleges and universities from the middle •West. Those -wishing to attend the conference must register at the Foundation Hbuse. Transportation will cost one dollar for the round trip.
Scabbard and Blqde Rough Initiation—^Armory, 6 p. m. to 6 a. m. Union Mixer—Union Ballroom 9 p. m. Women’s- Pan-Hellenic Luncheon —Union ballroom. ' ,.;Miqiidlay: ■. A:gronomy; Serainai>---Ag Building, room 201, open, 4 p. m. Ag, Si;^ff LuhCheQit--TXJni(m VIJ! .nocOT.;-^'^ ■ Scabbard and Blade initiation-r-Armory drUl flpor, 6-6 p. M. : ^l*Urd! and BMde Ttaitiatiph Banque-t-^Liuebln Lodgq, 6 p, m. ' Tuesday.. :‘ ;. - A. A, U. P, Dinner Meeting-K
Home Economics Building, dining room, 7-9:30 p. m. Kappa Delta Pi Meeting—Education Building, 7-8 p. m, . A. S. C. E. Meeting—C. E. Building, room 201, 7-9:30 p. m. . Daeaball—r-Wabash at Crawfordsyille.
mm:
Watchsunker This is all we do, hut we do it well Wallac® .Block' 822'Fer^ .SL
Baseball-
Today
-Minnesota at Minneso-
ta. ,
P. I. A. Spring Formal—Union ballroom. Alpha ■ Gamma Rho Spring Formal—Duncan Hall, 9-12 p, m. Delta Upsiion Formal DinnerDance—Chapter House, 6:30 to 12
p. m.
A, M,: IRION
Kron. Plats State and Main
Even if
service
yf it we offer.
We Use ^mh Cmhon-Tet and Naphtha Cleaning
® t ^ ^ ^ 5 OF F I N IE Q if p S
IlliSi