Purdue
Volume 5L No. 18
Exponent
Saturday# September 30# 1939
Dean Stratton, Roy Street Will Address 200 Co-ed Rushees
M/xer Vocalist
Two hundred co-eds who signed up yesterday for this semester’s rush period will meet with the rush captains of each sorority at 1:30 p. m^ in the women’s lounge of the Union building today for the first meeting of formal rush. Dean of Women, Dorothy Stratton, and PanHellenic lawyer, Roy Street, will address the group. The rush captains of each sorority will be introduced by Frances Raebig, president of Pan-Hellenic Council. Immediately following the meeting, sororities will hold an informal open house from 2:30 until 6 p. m. to which all rushees are invited. Sunday Day Of Silence Rushees may call at ihe Union desk between 2 and 6:30 p. m. Sunday for their invitations to the informal dinners given at each sorority house Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday evenings. Sunday will be a day of silence for the organized girls, for they will not be allowed in the Union building before 5:30 or in the South and North Residence Halls during the entire period.
jimOreenToPiay ^ation's Spotlight Focuscd
For Gold Diggers
Friday, October 13
Decorations of a superstitious nature in addition to the Gold Diggers
On South Bend Game Today
theme will be used in the Union ballroom at the Gold Diggers’ dance on Friday, October 13. The dance, sponsored by the Women’s Self Governing Association, is the first co-ed bid dance of the year. The, nTost popular bachelor on the campus will be chosen at the dance by the'votes of the co-eds attending.
Billed as the “lovely singer of songs,” Nona, the young lady pictured above, will be heard at tonight’s mixer in the Union ballroom. The mixer, as usual, will continue from nine until midnight and the regular mixer price of one dollar will prevail. Giving prominence to their color organ, operated by Frank Hickman, the band will present special arrangements of their numbers. Many of these are results of the efforts of Perry Burgett, arranger and first trumpet man of the band.
Jim Green and his orchestra from the University of Illinois will play for the dance. Featuring Aftie Shaw arrangements and noted for his fine girl vocalist. Green is well established as a popular bandleader on Illinois campuses.
Tickets, which are priced at one dollar, are to be placed on sale at the main desk in the Union lobby, at the soroiity houses, and at the Women’s Residence Halls. Treva Berry is in charge of arrangements for the dance, and Agnes McCulloch has charge of ticket sales.
With the eyes of the country’s football fandom focused on South Bend this afternoon, the Boilermaker grid forces will lock horns with the Fighting Irish of Notre Dame in one of the most publicized of the early season grid encounters. Written up as a “mid-season” opener, the outcome of this afternoon’s battle will do much to establish either the Boilermakers of Purdue, or the Fighting Irish of Notre Dame as one of the country’s leading teams. Winding up their home activities last Thursday with a light drill, the Riveter gridmen spent yesterday afternoon at the scene of today’s tussle. Coacli Mai Elward sent the squad through a series of light exercises that was designed merely to tune-up the boys for today’s encounter.
Sent away from the Boilermaker campus yesterday morning with President Elliott’s Thursday night’s request, “make one more touchdown than Notre Dame” ringing in their ears, the entire Purdue squad was endowed with an enthusiasm that is seldom characteristic of a team this early in the season. Led by Ted Hennis, veteran quarterback, who promised Thursday night’s pep-sessioners, “that we are going to South Bend to bring back an Irish stew,” the Boilermaker gridmen felt little concerned about the famed power of the Irish eleven.
■■ii*. Today’s lineup will probably be
rr
Brother Rat" Cast Seleded; Fifteen Get Speaking Parts
Late War Bulletins
First Of Radio Plays To Take Air Today
• French Uncover Nazi-Soviet' Military Pact
Paris, Sept. 29—French officials tonight announced that they were in possession of secret documents containing information concerning the existence of a Russo-German military alliance. The nation was warned that it would be a mortal mistake to accept Nazi peace offers. Official government spokesman, Jean Giraudoux, information bureau head, broadcast the warning: “After the signing of the German-S'oviet treaty we will be offered peace on conditions that we renounce^ur treaties, our customs, and everything that is French and give the aggressor time to digest his prey.”
Presenting the first of the season’s series of radio stage productions, WBAA will go on the air this afternoon at 1 o’clock with a play in the “Lights Out” manner, written by Gilbert D. Williams and dilected by Dick Pittenger. The play will deal with the happenings at an institution for the insane whose curator has good ideas but carries them out likfe a madman.
After several day% of tryouts, the cast has been selected for the first Playshop production,“Brother Rat,” to be held October 25 to 28 in Fowler Hall. Fifteen speaking parts have been awarded the successful
applicants.
Rehearsals have been started with the following persons taking the assigned parts: Mrs. Brooks Joyce Buinham Joyce Winfree Alice Martens Jennie Virginia Lee Ruddell Claire Ramm Thais Crepps Harley Harrington Dave MacMillan
Band Departs For Notre Dame At 8:30
Bing Edwards Billy Randolph Kate Rice Dan Crawford
A.
Cast will be as follows: Doctor Schlegel, Joe Martin; Edwards, Hank Miller; Boyce, A1 Rogers; Editor, Don Solonand; Trimus, John Hobson; Woman, Betty Erick.
Paris, Sept. 29—A terse military communique from the high French
command stated:
“Enemy artillery fire in the region east of the Saar notably to the south
of Deux Ponts and of Pirmasens. i\* 1/ L “Activity of observation and reconnaissance aviation of both sides.” Pf |\3PP3 Alplld
British Planes Attack German Fleet
London, Sept. 29—The British government announced tonight that the German fleet in Helgoland had been attacked by a Royal Air Force unit. A bulletin from the ministry of information announced: “On September 29, units of the Roy^l Air Force carried out attacks on ships of the German fleet in Helgoland. “In spite of formidible anti-aircraft fire, the attacks were pressed home at a low altitude. Some of our aircraft have not returned.” No information was given concerning the damage to the German fleet.
. . . social fr9.t65Fhity, announces the pledging of Albert C. Duncan, Charles Kennard, and D. Ted Whitsett of Princeton, Ind.
Bob Hettema Richard Fink Betty Erick Bob Peterson
Thurman Townsend Jr. Bob Reveal “News Reel” Scott . Bob Hewitt “Tripod” Andrews . . . Richard Coleman “Slim”. . . . Irvin Luthi Lt. “Lace Drawers” Rogers . Bill Scott Col. Ramm Lew Morrisson With 2,'bOO tickets already sold, the sales department of Playshop is ledoubling its efforts to sell the remaining block of 1,000 ducats. Myra McKee, sales manager, statefi that tickets are available at the west desk of the Union, in froiit of the Sweetshop, and in Fowler Hall.
The- Military Band will embark on its first trip of the season this morning, leaving the Armory at 8:30 in five Greyhound cruisers for the Notre Dame game. The route selected will take the musicians through Delphi and Logansport. At 10:45 they will arrive in Rochester where a 45-minute lunch stop is planned. Leaving Rochester at 11:30, the band is scheduled to arrive at the Notre Dame stadium at 1:15. A block of 175 seats has been set aside for the band in the east stands. This location will be occupied except during formations. Immediately following the game the ‘150 men and the drum’ will start home along the same route they traveled to the game. At Rochester the band members will climax an eventful day with a banquet.
composed of seniors in all but two of the starting positions. Dimmutive Mike Byelene, who is slated to pair with Jack Brown at one of the halfback positions, and Dave Rankin, speedy wingman, will in all probability be the two starting juniors. The remainder of the starting combination, all seniors, is expected to be Felix Mackiewicz, right end; Whitey Johnson, right tackle; Carl Verplank, right guard; Augie Momingstar, center; Frank Bykowski,
NBC station WMAQ, Chicago, as well as WBAA will broadcast a complete description of the PurdueNotre Dame game today. The game will also be aired over the National Red and Blue Networks. Joe Mihal and Mai Ross will do the announcing over WBAA. The schedule of broadcasts are: WMAQ—1:45—4:30. WBAA—1:50—4:30-
Stapleton Elected To Advisory Board Post
• Germany And Russia Complete Plans For Future
All American Band-150 Strong To Play Before 50,000 Today
Moscow, Sept. 29—Arrangements for the partitioning of Polandrampleted, Soviet and German officials made plans to end the war fenff toconsult on “necessary measures” if peace plans failed. The announcement was plainly a threat to Great Britain and France if they refuse to recognize the destruction of Poland and reject RussoNazi peace plans.
Coleman To Give Opening WRH Eieds Officers;
Address Af Ag Conference Nine Posifions Filled
Making its fii st appearance of the year between halves of the Notre Dame game this afternoon, the Purdue Military Band, 160 strong, will present an entire new set of formations before an estimated crowd of 50,000. An outstanding feature of the new formations is that they have been so developed as to eliminate the collection of band members for new settings, making it possible to swing directly from one formation to another.
marching formations on the gricL iron, but the first to use a giant bass drum. Other “firsts” going to the band are the use of 12 glockenspiels covering a range of three octaves, the use of the symphonic entree on the gridiron, and introduction of the illuminated band idea.
T. A. Coleman, associate agricultural extension director, will open ihe annual agricultural extension conference here October 3, with a talk on “Another Year of Extension.” The conference will meet at the University for the purpose of “talking shop” and of obtaining a general improvement in the understanding of official matters. The annual conference includes all county agricultural agents, home demonstration agents and their assistants, farmers’ institute staff, and specialists. “Looking Forward Into 1940” will be the topic of an address by Extension Director Harry J. Reed at a luncheon next Friday noon.
Election meetings were held in each of the Women’s Residence Halls Wednesday night. The following officers were elected: South Hall, Florence Croll, Forest Park, 111., president; Martha Jane Pox, St. Augustine, Fla., social chairman, and Dorothy Booth, Indianapolis, treasurer. North Hall, Jane Ramsdell, J^aPorte, president; Martha Roscrans, Columbus, 0., social chairman, and Helen Schickler, Lakewood, 0., treasurer. West Hall, Mary Jane Bird, South Bend, president; Mary Reuther, East Aurora, N. Y., social chairman, and Jane Server, Madison, treasurer.
An outstanding feature of the new formations is that they have been so developed as to eliminate the collection of band members fol new settings, making it possible to swing directly from one formation to another.
Prof. V. L. Albjerg
Glider Club
... at a meeting in the Union last night accepted the following as members: David Hooley, Seymour Lobel, Edward Manning, Wendell Walker, Robert Rennark.
... of the history, economics and government department, will lead a panel discussion on “Keep America Out of War” tomorrow evening at 6:30 at a meeting of the Epworth League of the West Side Methodist Church. He will be assisted by Bill Harris and Bob Belcher. Mary Johnston, chairman of the worship committee, is in charge oP' the evening’s program.
Although full details of the new formations have not been revealed. Professor Emrick has announced that the series at Notre Dame will open with the band massed as a huge pennant waving in the breeze, bearing the letters “ND,” and the glockenspiels playing the “Notre Dame Victory March.” The formation will then rapidly shift into a big football with the “PU” monogram inside, and then swing into a horeshoe formed around the letter “P.” Maneuvers will close with the traditional block “P” formation as the band plays “Hail Purdue.”
Purdue First
Under the direction of Professor Emrick, the band has taken enough firsts to assure itself a place in the hall of fame of collegiate bands. The University ban dwas not only the originator of alphabetical letter
The use of an illuminated band for night performances strengthened the band’s claim to All-American ' honors after its vivid presentation at the Purdue-Northwestern night football game in Dyche stadium in 1935. . Since the first presentation, this scheme of a myriad of multi-jiolored lights covering the musicians and their instruments has twice won the band first place in the annual Derby Festival parade at Louisville, in competition with a score of leading bands. Co-eds Added Spectators at the Notre Dame game will see the original big bass drum now entering its third year 01^ a motorized mount. Two years ago the big drum, which has grown to be more or less of a landmark, was completely renovated, given two new bull-skin heads, a redecorated shell, and a truck to replace the man-powered carriage on which it formerly rode. Two additions to the band personnel have been closely guarded sec#rets for the past two weeks, and were brought forth for the first time at the pep session last night. They are Eleanor Poor, Chi O, and Barbara Lommen, Alpha Chi, comely co-ed baton twirlers.
Dick Stapleton, SAA president, and manager of Athletic Club, was unanimously elected to the Student Activity Advisory Board as a representative of athletic activities last night. For the first time, the board now has representatives from all the campus activities. Present at the meeting weie Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president and faculty advisor of the board; Ann Sickman, WSGA president; Althea Jorgeson, Activities Bureau director; G. W. Breuer, Activities Bureau executive; Bob Insley, Exponent editor-in-chief; Bill Strong, Debris editor; Dave Brubeck. Student Union executive; Martha Moorhead, Pat Heine, and Jerry Hinshaw, PIA president.
left guard; Dick Patter, left tackle; Ted Hennis, quarterback; Jack Brown, left half, and Leon DeWitte, fullback. ' Still an unknown quantity is the ailing ankle of Lou Brock. Despite marked improvement in the injured joint and Brock’s participation in the last few drills. Coach Mai Elward is still undecided about the advisability of using Lou in today’s game. Any aggravation of Brock’s injury would do little to help the Boilermakers through the remainder of their strenuous schedule.
1,000 Peace Poll Ballots
. . . have been answered and returned to the Exponent office. Nearly half of the 600 ballots sent to the faculty and practically all of the fraternity and sorority ballots are in. Because of the Notre Dame game, final tabulated results of the poll will not be published Sunday, as previously stated in the Exponent, but will be run Tuesday.
Father Flanagan Will Speak At YMCA Anniversary Banqu^
Lafayette’s YMCA will celebrate its fiftieth year of activity tomorrow and continue until next Sunday, setting aside the complete week for varied nightly programs consisting of prominent speakers and activities. Headlining the golden anniversary celebration will be Father E. J. Flanagan, nationally famed founder of Boys Town, Neb., who will be the principal speaker at the anniversary banquet which will be held Wednesday, October 4, in the Union ballroom. Prof. 0. F. Hall, of the education and applied psychology department, chairman of the banquet, has announced that 660 tickets were available, but many have already been sold. Opening the week, sermons will be given tomorrow in all local churches on the work of the YMCA. Hi-Y Men Invited Monday evening, a Father and
Son banquet will be held in the YMCA at 6:30. University Men’s Glee Club will headline the program, and speeches will be given by Noble Kizer, director of athletics; Joe Mihal, assistant director of Cary Hall; Bob Bailey and Dan Fisher, members of the University baseball and basketball teams respectively. A reunion of all former members of the Hi-Y drganization will be held Tuesday, October 3, at the YMCA at 7:30 p. m. Dr. W. S. Walters will speak. Walters asked all University students who are members of Hi-Y to be at this meeting. No admission will be charg^ed.
Jimmy McClure of Indianapdlib, national table tennis champion, will present an exhibition at the YMCA at 7 p. m., Thursday, October 6wTHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, 'September 30, 1939
Jimsdif, JoUl TheOddsHavelt Footballs will fill the air over America’s collegiate gridirons today as many squads warm up for their first game of the season. Thousands of people will be watching those footballs with real enthusiasm for their favored team and America’s number one fall sport. A much fewer number of people may or may not be watching the footballs ... for to them a pigskin spells not “sport,” but “easy picking.” We refer to the professional football pool operators, who milk the American public for an estimated $50,000,000 during each football season, Man-to-man betting where each bettor is supporting his favored school is one thing, but the Big Business pool operator does not do this kind of betting. Rather, he issues a printed slip, on which appears the names of teams involved in seven big games throughout the country. The bettor must pick at least four winners he selects. The hooker in the system is that each team must be an actual winner, and any tie game will throw out the entire ticket. Odds Aren't Even Fair - The odds are even disproportionate to the chances offered by other professional gamblers. For picking four games out of four you get odds of 8 to 1, but the true odds should be 16 to 1. Figure it out for yourself . .. winning a dollar bet on game number one would give you two dollars, pyramiding this on game number two would give you four dollars. This four dollars bet on the third game would bring eight dollars, and winning the fourth game would give you sixteen dollars. Likewise, the 5-team slate pays off 16 to 1, but the proper odds should be 32 to 1. Six out of six winners pays 21 to 1; the mathematical return should be 64 to 1. The betting odds are 40 to 1 for doping correctly the entire seven games, but should be 128 to 1. The more teams the gambler picks, the brighter the smile on the pool operator’s face becomes. Exit The Operator By maintaining a small office, the pool operator can make a rapid shift of locale in the event a freak of fortune results in a heavy hit on the pool. Smooth departure of pool operators with no forwarding address has been experienced several middle-western campuses in recent years. Last year an operator suddenly left Ann Arbor owing something more than $10,000. He was eventually located and prosecuted, but many bettors never even saw their “easy money.” We don’t know of any large-scale pool operating in Lafayette, but we do know they are doing a booming business in other cities. Any sudent attempting to run sch a business here would probably face disciplinary action by the
But
Incidentally
By Vladimir For two days a sizeable puddle of water on the second from the top step inside the main entrance to the Union building had us baifled. We couldn’t for the life of us figure out where it came from. Then, broken down by worry and curiosity, we could stand it no longer. Steeped in determination we advanced on the spot ready to find out all or bust. We peered over the edge of the steps and blotto! the water was gone! The steps were as dry as the freshmen engineering lectures. .Hi >K * At first we attributed the whole series of incidents to mirage. But we soon dismissed that theory. Ik Hi Hi Some one told us that mirages aren’t common to stairways. * H« Hi “Mirages,” they said, “aren’t common to stairways.” Hi Hi Hi “Like the little man that wasn’t there?” we asked cagily. “Wasn’t where?” they countered. “On the stairs.” “The Union stairs?” “Dunno, we didn’t see him except when he wasn’t on the steps of the Library.’* At this point they ran off tearing their hair and screaming. Hi * * We guess they must have been mad. Sane people don’t carry on like that. Hi * Hi But the whole point of this article is this: If you see that puddle on the steps inside the main entrance to the Union you have a chance to win one of five grand prizes. Just mail the puddle and one ten dollar bill, (or a reasonably accurate facsimile), to this column, and the five best answers will receive copies of a pamphlet entitled “Wild Co-eds I Have Known” or “It Can’t Happen Here.” Hi Hi Hi At the request of the United States Government we wish to state that students sending in unreasonably accurate facsimiles of the ten dollar bills will be severely penalized. Hi Hi Hi Entries will be judged on the neatness of their puddles and the order of arrival. Don’t hesitate! Mail your puddle today! Hi m * In case of ties, duplicate awards will be prized. * Hi * But not awarded. University. Football is a sport, and pool operators only help to blacken its eye for all concerned. We won’t attempt to argue against pool betting on moral grounds ,. . but we do think that the practical-minded student will leave the professional gambler’s pool strictly alone.
JomoA/wiv 9n Jha QhuhdfUiA
Episcopal Students 8:00 a. m. — Holy Communion, followed by breakfast in the Parish House, at which the Rev. Alden D. Kelley will speak. 10:45 a. m.—Holy Communion, with music, and sermon by Rev. A. D. Kelley, National Secretary for Episcopal College^ Work. 6:00 p. m.—^Young People’s Fellowship. Supper, followed by a program at which Prof. Charles Murphy will speak on “Can We Remain Neutral?” Methodist Students 8:00 a. m.—Freshman breakfast. 9:30 a. m.—Co-ed Sunday School at the Foundation. “Life of Christ according to St. Mark”—June Denny Cox. “Personalities of the Religious Emphasis Week”—Mrs. McFadden. ^ 9:30 a. m.—Men’s Student Classes at the Church. “The Bible”—Prof. J. T, Gunn. “Home and Marriage” Prof. D. J. Patterson. “The Liquor Problem”—Dr. C. 0. Lee. “World Peace”—Rev. Wm. McFadden. 10:40 a. m.—Di. 0. S. Steele will preach. Student Communion. Reception of aflSiliate members. 6:00 p. m.—Fellowship Supper at the Foundation. 6:30 p. m.—Epwoith League at the Church. Prof. Aljberg will lead a panel including W. J.'Harris, Bob Belcher, and Bob Scott on “Keep Ameiica Out of War.” ^ Presbyterian and Congregational Students Morning program at Central
Presbyterian Church, 7th and Columbia streets, Lafayette. 9:30—Purdue students will join in receiving Holy Communion in the church auditorium. 10:40—Communion will again be administered. Evening program at Westminister House, 129 Sheetz street. 6:00—Supper will be served at 10 cents per plate. 7:00—Student Forum will meet. Miss Clare Coolidge will be the speaker. Her subject will be: “Variations on an Old Theme.” Purdue Christian Foundation 9:30—Sunday Class, Mrs. Hubert Reynolds will begin a three-period series on the “Christian Home.” 10:40—Morning Church Service. Doyle Mullen will preach on “Our Disciple Heritage” in celebration of the One-Hundredth Anniversary of the local church. 4:00—^Happy Hollow Hike. Leave fiom 126 Chauncey St., home of the student pastor, to hike to Happy Hollow where the usual program of recreation, discussion, and worship, plus food for 16c and the atmosphere of God’s natural world will be enjoyed by all. Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club Class with Dean M. L. Fisher as teacher. 10:36 a. m.—Special Communion service. Students invited. Pastor’s message, “Faith a Pathway to God.” 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club social hour and lunch. 6:30 p. m.—Discussion group with Prof. Ted Noss speaking on “Peace.” A beautiful “Worship Window” will be dedicated.
Purdue Exponent'
R. R. Insley W. E. Smith
Nigrht Editor Issue Editor
Miers Skallerup
Goddard College is believed to be the only institution of higher education in ihe U. S. that does not use academic regalia at commencement exercises.
—LAST TIMES TODAY— Wberever There’s DANGER...You'll Rnd Him! JOELMcCREA BRENDA MARSHALL AaEBfr JEFFREY LYNN - GEORGE BANCROFT
Starts TOMORROW
by LOUIS BROMFIEtO A 20th Century’Fox pichin xtaniag MYIINJI TTaONf OBOaOl UIYPOWERBRENT BieDda Joyce • Nigel Bnice ■ Uaiu Ouspemiaya losejili Schildirael * Haiy Nasb ■ jaoe Daiwell Marione Ranbeau • Hemy Tiaveri H B Wainei
Editor-in-Chief Business Manager
D. G. Terrio Editorial Director G. W. Frederick Managing Editor E. M. Antonini Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling Co-ed Editor R. Jenkins Sports Edtior Phones: Editorial, 4005; Business, 5038; Sports, 2792 National Advertising Representatives: National Advertising Service, Inc.. 420 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. Member Associated Collegiate Press
LU^ —LAST TIMES TODAYWILLIAM BOYD — IN — "RANGE WAR" —ALSO — JEAN ROGER — IN — 'STOP, LOOK and LOVE"
SUNDAY - MONDAY JACK BENNY — IN — "MAN ABOUT TOWN" —ALSO — RICHARD ARLEN — IN — 'Mutiny on the Blackhawk'
ARC
LAST DAY — SONG-STUDDED ■MENT!
— AND — ‘EXILED TO SHANGHAI” With WALLACE FORD JUNE TRAVIS —ALSO —
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclify
We will leave the predicting of the football game up to “Fielder’s Choice” (they guess right sometimes) but we will make the postgame prediction — The Blazer of South Bend, namely the Indiana Cafe, will probably be the resting place for worn out (?) Purdue rooters . . . not to mention all way side joints in Michigan. B & B After the Pep session Thursday night, I do not believe 1 have seen so many “wolves” roam the streets of the village since Columbus discovered America. B & B * Due to limited space yesterday we did not get a chance to bring out some reasons why rushees should pledge some of our other sororities. The Phi Mus live across the street from the Betas (maybe you go for Betas), If darkness intrigues you, we suggest the Alpha Chis (they have a Bum room) and if you are of a curious nature . . . your choice should be the Alpha Xi’s as you could see who comes and goes next door. If we have helped you in youP decision our efforts have been in vain ... we are partial to the Hotel Fowler (the front room on the main floor). B & B If you are taking your “Old Grandad” to the game with you, may we remind you to keep good care of him ... he is quite fragile, especially in crowds. B & B It is with a note of grief that we leave the co-eds home this week end because ’tis rumored that there is a scarcity of women in South Bend, too. While we are watching the “BOILERMAKERS” beating the “IRISH” into submission . . . we will give all our little female classmates at home a thought (if we remember). See you lads at the game. B & B If that BIG (190 lb.) activity man Dick McNeil were to check up on University rules, he would find out that there should be NO COMMERCIALIZING in classrooms. I#e had the SUPERSALES attitude (or just plain nerve) to give a speech on “Debris Complete Coverage of the Campus.” The class responded with jeers and groans. Why not sell yourself to a little BLONDE Dick ?
"They’re having such a wonderful time—wonder where they get all the gossip?”
Blonde Freshman, Marjorie Bollman, is not only brainy enough to win a scholarship to this consecrated institution of learning, but also has talent in other direction—such as dating one of [those HANDSOME Phi Kappa Tau lettermen. She must be the exception to the rule that “EDS” and “ED”-ucation don’t mix. —The Three Bears. —B & B— Today your beloved editor received a note asking us to publish
the facts about Peg Little. Our inquisitive one wanted to know to whom the lady in question was attached.—Frankly we have been unable to find out as she does not limit her fields. If her pin man (or mouse) can throw some light on this, we wish he would do so. —B & B— Last Line: See you at the game Saturday (as if he will be able to see the game). Undercurrents of love, children.
IT ALL STARTS IN A TROUT STREAM! . . . And ends up in a blonde-brunette battle lor a man ... worth championship prices! Be here when the gong clongsl ...
# STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
main
Nights & Sundays
35c 1
—NOTE— Tickets purchased for final showing of “The Girl and the Gambler" and "Sky Patrol" will not entitle patron to remain for the prevue.
Week Day Matinees
25(1
Children Always
roc
IS THE mmn OF THIS PICTOItE A TRAITOR TO HER SEX?
As a stage play it made women squirm and scream; ”What lies"! Ancf men whooped and howled: "Howtrue"! Shocking but don't blame us men, girls! It was a woman who told—and told—and told!
NORMA
SHEARER-CILWFIIII
lUStEU
Maty BOUND • Paulette GODDARD • FtiyUis POVAH' ^ Iwn FONTAINE > VlnOnia WEIDIER' LucOe WATSON — 5 DAYS — STARTING TODAY4
\
Safurdoy. September 30« 1939,
^xfwmifdt $po)dA fiaqs.
Golfers Will Demonstrate Skill In Putting Contest Golf enthusiasts will have a chance to show their skill on the greens in the All-Campus golf putting championship to be held starting October 10, on the practice green at intramural field. There wUl be no entry fee for the contest and medals will be awarded the winners. Each entrant will be given 26 strokes, starting from a certain point on the green, their score to be determined by the number of holes that can be made in 25 putts. All men planning to participate should sign up at the intramimil office.
Gymnasts Organize Club; Start Drills Organized for its initial season on the campus, the Gymnastic Club has already started its drills in the apparatus room of the Fieldhouse. Under the sponsorship of Larry Imhoff, assistant to Chief Clevett in the intramural department, the club holds its workouts every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday afternoons from 4 until 6 o’clock. With its constitution already assembled by the organization committee, members of the newly-form-ed undergraduate club will meet sometime next week to elect a president and a manager, the -only officers the club will have. The gymnastic squad will probably be limited to 26 men.
1 940 RADIOS CROSLEY — ADMIRAL — SENTINEL 5 Tube Superheterodyne with built in aerial $9.95 7 Tube Crosley with automatic tuning $19.95 6 Tube Crosley with automatic tuning $14.95 Combinations all prices Largest stock of radios in Lafayette C.B. KLINKER SALES CO. 827-29 Main St. Phone 7950
WANTED
YOUR OLD RAZOR!
^ioUoh'A^
A.H. „MAL Elward Puecoe. -Hem - TbOTgrUA COFK^+f
We Pay ^2.75 for any Razor
A T<30Citi Scf|E00l<.6
Are you a "Sock Puller"?
G TSGIH MfTre OP LftT6 'Rcc^^r^^ -CReDiTgD U)ltd 15e0l9lN<fT5»t»5»lffT iNTecjRGW 'PfiR.T OP NOTGf? ©ftwie —
Dolphin Club Entertains Freshmen At Reception Dolphin Club, swimming honorary, held a reception for freshmen interested in swimming in the faculty lounge of the Union last night. Plans were made for the annual aquacade sponsored by Dolphin and Triton Clubs. Dick Papenguth, swimming coach; F. I. Goldsmith, assistant dean of men, and Dr. Eastwood were the speakers at the reception. Refreshments were served. Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
^JwiOL By Robert J. Deekard Today is the big day! Already 44 Boilermaker footballers have arrived on the scene and worked out in Rockne Stadium at South Bend in preparation for the Riveters’ and,_Notre Dame’s Irish season opener this afternoon at two bells. —^fc— The eyes of fifty-million redblooded American gridiron fans have turned towards this affair, the most important game of the week end. Guesses, forecasts, and conjectures have been made in trying to pick the winner before the game actually gets under way. —^fc— One sports “authority” doesn’t agree with what another one has to say about the outcome of the game. Thousands like Purdue in a runaway; thousands like Notre Dame in a close game; but, in the main, the forecasters are just as dubious concerning the final score as Roosevelt is in getting a third term. —^fc— On the Purdue side of the ledger a perusal shows that Lou Brock, torrid right half, might not see a helluva lot of action because of a bum ankle; Jim Welsch, Brock’s understudy, is just recovering from his tackled shoulder; Carl Yerplank, first string guard, is just snappnig out of a case of “ego La Grippe.” Other men suffering slight injuries are Pete Timperman, tackle, and John Petty, fullback. These men will probably play for a while during the game. —^fc— Probably the most serious blow to the squad was the loss of Stanley Thursby, senior end, who re-twisted his back in a recent practice and had to suspend all of his football activities during the current season. —^fc— These injuries are undoubtedly a salient factor in the outcome of the
College Favorite
The Style Corner Main at Fourth
Just Arrived! SADDLE OXFORDS
Usually $3.95
Sizes 3‘/2 to 9 AAA to C
They’re the smartest styles to set foot on any campus . . . Brown calf saddle with white buck finished leather vamp and back.
In The Neutral Zone ft By Pete The Punter Editor's Note: “Pete" is in daiiy life s Kentlenan nho has for several years been in intimate contact with Pordne^ partieolarly along athletic Hnes. He knows the coaches, players, and style of play. This is the first of a series of articles which Pete will write for the Exponent each week daring the football season. A rather distinguished looking gentleman has been seen along the side lines at football practice recently. Nice going, Prexy. , Team spirit is a great thing and the Boilermakers have always had it, but besides spirit the brain must be working all the time. Secret practice may be all right, but there is no point in keeping the block and tackle combination a secret. Show it to all of ’em, all the time and everywhere. I wonder if the boys have been reading the clippings? Purdue has been given a grand build-up all over the country., A tough spot to he in. Can the boys take it? There are always a few who can’t. They really believe it, even about themselves. Here’s a cheer for the “B” team. And here’s hoping that some of them will be on the varsity squad for the Minnesota game. This guy Schumacher kicks that ball a mile on a kickoff. Not a had runner, either. “Oh, the Notre Dame Game.” Just the first game on the schedule. Stay with the team—win, lose, or draw.
game, but Elward left here with a grin on his face a mile wide. —^fc— Over on the Notre Dame side of the ledger the study shows that the Irish are practically intact. The “Six S’s” are raring to go, and reports from the Catholic school reveal that Layden’s charges are in their prime. —fc— As to the guess of the final score of the game we leave that to Rolfe Jenkins, Exponent sports editor, who has made the following forecast for 20 outstanding games which are to be played today: Texas Chr. 20, UCLA 7. Tulane 14, Clemsou 13. St. Mary’s 27, Gonzaga 0. Rice 13, Vanderbilt 6. Texas A&M 7, Centennary 6. So. Cal. 21, Oregon 0. Stanford 14, Oregon St. 7. Santa Clara 7, Utah 6. Washington 13, Pitt 7. Butler 19, Ohio U. 6. Chicago 33, Beloit 0. Illinois 14, Bradley 7. Nebraska 7, Indiana 6. Iowa 13, S. Dakota 6. Mich. St. 19, Waj^e 0. Minnesota 26, Arizona 0. Oklahoma 13, So. Meth. 7. Wisconsin 20, Marquette 6. Tennessee 34, N. Car. St. 7. PURDUE 13, NOTRE DAME 6. Wesley Foundation . . . will organize its Freshman Commission at a free 8 o’clock breakfast tomorrow morning. All freshmen or first year students who wish to be active in the various committees of the Foundation are invited.
HOORAY! The Football Season Is Here Come on. Boilermakers, drive on for a string of victories this season. Show those fighting Irishmen how the
Boilermakers got their name. SEE YOU AT THE GAMES.
Anderson Garage
Phone 4048
After You We Come First
A?Tedi High School Whigs Jeff 12-0 Technical High School of Indianapolis defeated Jefferson of Lafayette 12-0 on the latter’s home playing field last night, scoring one touchdown with two minutes left in the first quarter on a blocked kick and adding another in the first couple of minutes of the last period when Howard took the ball over in three plays from the 24 yard line. The capital city team's offensive spai’k plug was left halfback Howard, who. along with Light, did practically all of the Green and White ball carrying. The first touchdown, however, was made by tackle Buddenbaum, who blocked a kick on the Tech 46 and chased the ball over the goal, falling on it for the score. Another Blocked Kick The sceond touchdown was made shortly after the start of the final period after Tech had blocked another Jeff punt on the Jeff 35 yard line. Walker and Light combined to make a first down, Howard added another in two plays, and then Howard went over for the touchdown. Ulm, Jeff halfback, punted, passed and ran, but was unable to match the visiting backfield and the Tech Inie, which broke through twice to block kicks both of which led to scores. Special Merit . . . scholarship winners in the University are continuing to maintain better than average scholastic records, according to data com;^iled by the division of education reference at the University. Out of 318 holders of such scholarships in the University last semester, 100 made the distinguished student list, an average of 31.4 per cent. Only 7.3 per cent of the other students in the Univei’sity made distinguished rating. Chase S. Osborn . . . Purdue ’80, ex-governor of Michigan, will be honored by the city of Sault Ste. Marie, Mich., Wednesday, October 4, at q. program which has been designated “Chase Osborn Day.” The former Michigan executive has been a prominent figure in state and national events for many years as a publisher, explorer, lecturer, and world traveler, as well as in politics.
“ARCHERS” Give and Take It! •
“ARCHER” Hosiery for Lovely Women If it’s FREE-KNEELING you crave, there’s nothing so practical— indeed so stylish as ARCHER’S Stretchy Top Chiffons . . . Exquisite hosiery that snugly adjusts itself to your every leg-movement! $1.15 pr.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO 622-626 Main St.
Playshop Lab Group Starts On Two Plays Playshop lab group has begun the production of six plays which are to be shown this semester. As short plays are planned, groups of two plays each will be produced for a run of three nights. This year, the lab group is trying the policy of using student manuscripts whenever possible. Students who have written or who intend to write plays are requested to contact Charles Hart at the Sigma Pi house. Production of the first group of plays is to start within two weeks and will be shown on a date to be announced in November. "Youth Need The Church At ColIege"~Dr. Kelley “Youth need the church most during the four college years of adjustment,” stated Rev. Dr. Alden Drew Kelley, head of the Episcopal Church’s work among college students throughout the country. He arrived here today to meet with the Episcopal group of Purdue students and to preach tomorrow morning at St. John’s Church. Dr. Kelley believes college is the best time to stress religious traits, since 1,250,000 young men and women go away to school, and are there concentrated. After four years they separate, never to congregate in such a compact group again. His sermon tomorrow promises to be one of special interest to students at the University, and will be directed to their ideas.
Classified Ads ROOMS FOR RENT DOUBLE ROOM with single beds; continuous hot water. Meals if desired. 6 Waldron. Phone 2671.
E. E. SENIOR wants roommate. Vacancy created by senior leaving school. Large room, single bed. Across from Union. 406 State. 7238.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—1933 Chevrolet coupe. Good condition. Ask for Phil Hartman at 318 N. Grant.
MOTORCYCLES—1930 Harley 74, new paint, good mechanically, $76. Also 1930 46. Terms. Phone 2069.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main Street.
Box Car Kindling *72 Cord (21.5 cu. ft.) $2.00 North Star Coal Co.
Phone 2405
305 Brown
Accounts For Sale The following accounts are offered by the undersigned as Agents, for sale. The right is reserved to reject in full or in part any offer. Account Lee L. Long, 1305 N. 17th, Lafayette, Ind $ 45.00 Fred and Bettie Rayl, 621 S. 9th St., Lafayette, Ind 157.30 Emil C. Rehwinkel, R. 3, Lafayette, Ind 238.85 Walter Been, R. 4, Lafayette, Ind 70.00 W. R. Chatham and Thos. A. Lewis, R. 4, Lafayette, Ind 40.00 Roman B. and Sylvia Eckhart, R. 3, Lafayette, Ind 716.43 W. R. Chatham, R. 4, Lafayette, Ind 65.00 Betty McQuisten, 1127 State, Lafayette, Ind 61.99 Charles Siegfried, 2213 N. 20th, Lafayette, Ind 104.13 Mrs. E. J. Dexter, 710 Brown, Lafayette, Ind 23.76 Mrs. H. H. Randolph, 23 Lincoln, Lafayette, Ind 138.67 Mrs. Fern Hooker, 706 North, Lafayette, Ind 54.40 Rexie Payne, Buck Creek, Ind 186.00 C. H. and Mary Sheets, Ockley, Ind 449.76 Betty Widner, R. R. 2, Delphi, Ind 41.26 Mrs. P. G. Krull, 10 Meridian, Frankfort, Ind 28.73 Doris Locke, 222 E. Broadway, Logansport, Indi 26.06 Virginia Morgan, 116 N. Jackson, Attica, Ind 46.61 Bonnie Raber, 1507 A Ave., New Castle, Ind 99.13 Helen Behrman, 516 Beach St., Flint, Mich 183.68 The above listed accounts are guaranteed by the owners to be CORRECT AND UNDISPUTED, and will be advertised for sale until sold. All bids for the purchase of the above accounts will be received at the office of the undersigned. POWER’S SERVICE
202 S. State St.
Chicago, 111.
Union Workers: Browsing room staff composed of the following people will please meet in the Union office at 4 p. m. on Monday, October 2: Bain, Farber, Jones, Lake, D. Miller, Schmidt, Van Biema, Marshall, Mary Beard, Mary Fink, Elaine Karras, Jean McClintock, Virginia Reed, and Barbara Stockers. —HAMMAN.
Reamer ClnbJ Smoker ^for prospective pledges will be held Monday. October 2, at 7:30 p. m. in Reception room of the Union. It is very important that every member be there. —REIIiEY.
Wesley Foundatioii: Picnic at Battleground Saturday, September 80. Party will leave Foundation house at 4 p. nft. Tickets are 25 cents: free to those who bring a car. —McFAJDDEN.
PEW Swimming Classes: There will be a makeup class for all beginning swimmers who missed their first or second lessons, or for those who wish extra practice in this part of the work, Monday, Octobef 2, at 4 p. m. Please be prompt. —CASE.
Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting Wednesday, October 4, 7 p. m, in room 134, E.E. building. i —KEEN.
Union Sophomores: Meeting of puttering room staff Monday, October 2, in the puttering room. Imperative that everyone be there at 4 p. m. —CLARKE.
Bowling: All men interested in forming a bowling league meet in room C of the Union building Tuesday, October 3, at 4 p. m. Election of officers and formation of teams will take place. -^TUCKEY.
M. E. Students: Fees for memberships in the Purdue student branch of the ASME may be paid in the Mechanical Engineering office on the second floor of the M. E. building. —BRYAN.
Sophomore Union Workers: Will our sophomore staffs please meet in the ballroom Saturday, September 30, at 1 p. m. —BRODD. .
Gimlet: Bus leaves for Notre Dame 8 a. m. Saturday, September 30. Meet at east door of Union. Bring $1 for transportation. —FRAZEE.
Exponent Workers: Monday^ staff is as follows: Heiple, night editor: McKee, stooge; Kennedy, issue; Jenkins, Etter, proof: Skallerup, Heaton, Weiss, Lynn, workers. —FRED
Touchball Officials: All men interested in officiating touchball are to apply at the intramural office as soon as possible. There will be a meeting of all prospective officials in the intramural office at the Fieldhouse on October 3, at 4 p. m. for the purpose of interpreting the rules. —CLEVETT.
WAA Members: Archery practice on green in front of Executive building at 4 p. m. on Mondays and Thursdays. —CASE.
WAA Archery; Practices will be held on Monday and Thursday, October 2 and 6, evenings at 4 o’clock for all girls interested. -MOREHOUSE.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting Tuesday, October 3, at 7 :30 in room C of the Union. —CORNELL.
Purdue Outing Club: Open meeting Monday, October 2, at 6:30 p. m. in front of Memorial Gym. There .will be a small charge for the supper which will be held at WAA cabin. Those wishing to go call Marjorie Ward, 41111 or George Shawkins, 66714 before Saturday evening. All interested in hiking are invited to attend. —WARD.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, October 3, in room C of Union at 7 :30 p. m. —FRAUPZREB.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—In Union building Wednesday night, ruby ring Tiffany set in yellow gold. Return to Union desk. Reward. LOST—One Set Riechter precision drawing instruments. Liberal reward. Call Toles, 61403.
NOTICES
Wesley Foundation Members: Students wishing to attend the Wesley Foundation steak fry Saturday, September 30, at Battleground, 10 miles northeast of Lafayette, aie to meet at 435 State street at 4 p. m. Tickets are 26 cents each. Drivers of cars will be admitted free. The program includes a soft ball game. •—McFADDEN
Sophomore Union Workers: Important meeting of the teas and receptions staffs in the Student Union office Monday, October 2, at 4 p. m. All attend. —HULS.
Military Students: Second Novice Pistol Group begins firing at 4 p. m. Tuesday, October 3. Students who have signed up for this group will report in rear of Armory at that time. .Students desiring to sign up for Third Novice Pistol Group may do so after Corps Day, Tuesday, October 3,Jn the supply room. —HOLMES.
Bowling: All men interested in forming a bowling league meet in room C of the Union Tuesday, October 8, at 4 p. m. Election of officers and formation of teams will take place. —STUCKEY,
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Jewelers
• School Supplies
R. C. EISENBACH
"DiAC"
jeweler and Optometrist
Everything for a
504 Main St.
College Education
• Florists
• Professional
Darner's Flower Shop
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
Quality Flowers
1191/2 Vine W. Lafayette
Main at 7th Phone 6050
Phone 4965
POMM; Meeting Tuesday, October 8, in room 103 of Armory. —HOTLER.
Ceres: Meeting Tuesday, October 3, at 7 :30 in the Agriculturist office of the Union. ' —NICKEY.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Tuesday, October 3, at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union. Vice-president will be elected, convention report made, and dance plans discussed. —TERRIO.
Exponent Workers: The foBpwing sophomores are to work as hereby fiSslgned: Lyuin, Monday; Pickett, Tuesday; Lannon and Novey, Wednesday; Mezger, Thursday; Carpenter and Bollwinkel, Friday; and Purcell, Saturday. —FRED
Gold Peppers: Call for your hats at Southworth’s. —MITCHELL.
WAA Archery: Archery practice for members will be held every Monday and Thursday at 4 p. m. on the green in front of the Executive building. —CASE.
Sophomore Union Workers: Important meeting of my committee in Union offices Monday, October 2, at 4 p. m. —CROW.
Purdue Agriculturist: Special meeting of departmental editor, editorial assistants, and assistant editors in room C of Union on Monday, October 2, at 4 :30 p. m. All members of the editorial staff are urged to attend. —BURBRINK.
Follow Your ‘EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
There Are Several Reasons Why you should have your clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly— But one is enough. You improve your personal appearance. mm Lausihv iT^I N E C L E A*N ERS OF FINE CLOT H'^E S
OPEN LETTER
to
FRESHMAN MEN
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE IS INVALUABLE
.... therefore, what could be more fitting than combining this asset with your college training! While handling the advertising campaigns for Lafayette and West Lafayette merchants, you’ll be learning much about business organization and management of these concerns and many others. To top all this off, you will gain in the estimation of your friends, you’re “in the know” when it comes to campus activities, you’ll make scores of new friends, and finally there’s,/that alluring goal of a senior position. In short, you get the advantages of a top-noten activity combined with valuable experience in salesmanship and advertising, plus many contacts useful after graduation. So ’nuf sed . . . come on around to 312 North Fifth, you frosh, and we’ll tell you the rest in person.
the Purdue Exponent 312 North Fifth Street
4
Is