ml *
0jo£^ JJuA. J'omUiaA,, dlumnLl
Purdue
Z-1%5
Volume 5L No. 48
Exponent
Saturday, November 4, 1939
Riveters yeet T@m Hawks Today
"Buy A Share" Becomes Key
Mascot Campaign Slogan
Mixer Vocalist
announces the selection of the following men for the coming year:
D. L. Brubeck W. E. Catterall
Over 1,000 of the 8,000 contributors tags which were printed for the drive to give Purdue athletic teams a mechanical mascot were sold last night in the Union building by members of the Reamer Club. The “brokers in Mascot Stock” started the drive at 4:30 and and after three hours the thousand-mark
was in sight.
The remaining tags will be sold
this morning in the Great Hall of JMdSCOt-And YOU
P. T. Cooper
H. F. Fishburp R. E. Insley v
R. Jenkins D. G. Terrio
the Union and at 1 p. m. this afternoon in and around Ross-Ade Stadium until after the game. A goal' of $800 has been set to defray expenses of building the mascot, which will be a locomotive body mounted
on an automobile chassis.
The drive received one of its biggest boosts with the receipt of a telegram from William H. Winterlowd, prominent alumnus, who was leached by telephone by Clinton “Doc” Anderson, classmate of his
from the Class of 1907.
Eth Baugh, Executive Secretary,
Purdue Alumni Association, West Lafayette, Indiana.
HEARTILY ENDORSE EFFORT BEING MADE BY REAMER CLUB TO PROVIDE PURDUE WITH MECHANICAL MASCOT.
(Signed) ,
William H. Wmteriowd, ’07, President, Purdue Alumni Ass’n. Vice-President, Baldwin Locomo-
tive Woiks,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is planned to have the mascot leady to drive to the Indiana game, which will be played in Bloomington November 26. Funds collected will use used for materials only, the labor being donated by “Doc” Anderson, who is a Lafayette garage-
man.
Rowell Reviews History Of Eta Kappa Nu At Meeting Over 50 student engineers heard Pi of. L. D. Rowell of the electrical engineering faculty review the history of the University chapter of Eta Kappa Nu at a meeting of that organization in the Union building Thursday night. Professor Rowell deviated from his subject to tell of incidents on pievious inspection trips to give the seniors present a preview of what they might expect next week. He outlined student behavior on inspection trips and pointed out that all trip-goers were guests of the industries and should behave as such. The meeting closed with a smokr er and group discussions.
(An Editorial) Ten cents from every student in the University would mean over seVen hundred dollars. That figure would be more than enough to build the Purdue Mascot, with money left over to form a sizeable fund for maintenance. Reamer Club members took silver helmets in hand yesterday, and set out on their two-day campaign of tag distribution. Every person who makes a contribution to the cause receives a tag, a “share” in the ^^urdue Mascot. Every contributor will receive real satisfaction when returning for future Homecomings as a “stockholder” in the Purdue Mascot. Alumni, Purdue Boosters, and students alike will make no mistake if they* wear the “I am helping to build the Purdue Mascot” tag at the football game today. With cooperation in the Purdue Spirit from the student body and Homecoming crowd, Purdue’s Mascot will become a reality ... perhaps in time for the Indiana game.
Boilermakers To Pit Scoring Power Against Iowa At 2 P. M.
PROBABLE LINEUPS
PURDUE Position Rankin L. E
Potter Bykowski Momingstar J. Winchell J. Johnson Krause
IOWA ... Prasse
Georgia Lane
Alumni Day Includes Judging Decorations, Lunches, Iowa Game Homecoming officially started yesterday afternoon at 2 o’clock, when the alumni registered and talked the busy week-end over in the great hall of the Union. In their own subtle way, however, the alums have been gathering since yesterday morning in little groups all over the Union to reminisce about “back when.” Today’s program opens with a 9 o’clock get-together and continuation of the registration this morning in the Union. Then, it’s around the campus, to visit old familiar haunts, and to see the new buildings. Alumni Judge Alumni will judge the fraternity and sorority Homecoming decorations before 10 o’clock, for at 10 o’clock the frosh footballers, rated as “Purdue’s Future Greats,” will do their stuff for the students of yester-years on the varsity practice field, north of the Kieldhouse. After the frosh kick the ball around, the alums and the seniors will fight it out in a hockey game on Stuart Field. The alumni will see (Continued on page 7)
Cooper Talks To 200 Al Statue Unveiling Approximately 200 people attended the unveiling of the carvings in fiont of the Union last night. The program opened with a short selection by the band, after which Stanley Green, executive secretary of the Union at the time the building was built, introduced Paul Cooper, present Student Union president. Cooper thanked the students, alumni, and faculty for their fine support which has enabled the Union to be what it is today. Miss Frances Rich, who designed the carvings, was introduced to the assembled group and expressed her hopes that the student body would enjoy the carvings as much as she had enjoyed planning them. To the strains of “Hail Purdue,” Louise Schickler, co-ed executive of the Student Union, then pulled the gold cords which released the gold and black drapes which covered the carvings. Cooper then presented the carvings to President Elliott in behalf of the Student Union and the student body. Dr. Elliott accepted the carvings in the name of the University and reviewed briefly the history of the Union. He emphasized the fact that the carvings symbolized the spirit of the University work, and Student Union.
Green Will Swing Out Tonight At Aiumni Dance Jimmy Green and his lads from the University of Illinois campus will treat the alumni and the regular Saturday night mixer crowd to his mini swing at the Homecoming mixer tonight from 9 to 12 in the Union ballroom. Georgie Lane is the vocalist. Green played here for the Gold Diggers’ ball, October 13. Decorations in the ballroom will carry out the theme of homecoming. Price is one dollar per couple. Ellloft Predicts Win In Address To Grads At Alumni Banquet “I have a feeling that we will see the same thing tomorrow that we saw 10 years ago,” predicted President Edward C. Elliott last night in his short address to the 260 alumni and distinguished visitors who attended the alumni banquet held in the Union ballroom last night preceding the unveiling of the new statues over the front entrance of the Union. President Elliott’s refeience of 10 years ago was to the last minute pass thrown by fullback captain. Bill Haimenson, ’29, which won the game and conference title for Purdue over the Iowa Hawkeyes. Following the dinner, during which music was furnished by Paul Reedy and his “Campus Commanders,” Burr S. Swezey, acting as toastmaster, introduced the honored guests and alumni among whom were several distinguished news(Continued on page 7)
L. T. Walker L. G. Tollefson C Diehl R. G Luebcke R. T. Enich R. E Eyans
Hennis Q. B Couppee Brown L. H Kinnick Brock R. H Bqsk DeWitte F. B Murphy Officials—^Referee, Frank Lane, Cincinnati; umpire, Ernie Vick, Michigan; field judge, Meyer Morton, Michigan; head
linesman. Jay Wyatt, Missouri.
By John Adamson
Renewing their conference football warfare before a Homecoming crowd of between 20,000 and 25,000 fans, the Boilermaker gridiron forces will match scoring power with Iowa’s Hawkeyes here this afternoon at 2 o’clock in Ross-Ade Stadium. Today’s game will hold a large share of spotlight in the Big Ten affairs of the day and may have a distinct bearing on the final disposition of the conference title honors. Kinnick Leads Attack Iowa, led by the brilliant running and passing of Nile Kinnick, already boasts victories over Indiana and Wisconsin, and will invade the local stadium with high hopes of preventing the Riveters from breaking into the select group of rapidly dwindling undefeated performers in the
current Big Ten chase.
The Boilermakers, who have played only one conference game so far this season, a 13 to 13 tie with Minnesota three weeks ago, will be facing the first of four successive conferejnce opponents that will wind up one of the most strenuous seasons in Purdue’s history. A victory against the lads from Iowa vdll give the Riveters an excellent chance of finishing well up on the champion-
der.
Prof. P. S. Emrick . . . and the Purdue “All-Ameii-can” band will j;oday present to Purdue alumni and friends the latest in band tactics on the 30th anniversary of the giant “P” formation. It was in the fall of 1910 that Professor Emrick and his band of 50 broke lanks in the middle of the field and formed the huge letter “P.” It was the first band formation ever to be placed on a football gridiron. Under the energetic direction of “Spots,” the 150-piece band has experienced such phenomenal growth that today it is rated as a leader among college bands, both as a military and as a symphonic organiza-
tion.
Featured in today’s coloiful be-tween-halves formation will be the two new drum majorettes, the motorized giant bass drum, and college band music-played by “Spots” and the band with the inimitable spirit that makes Purdue people exclaim, “The band was worth the price of my ticket.”
ship ladde
Aerial Attacks Today’s encounter may easily develop into a free-scoring affair with Iowa depending heavily on the passing of Kinnick. The Hawkeye star has tossed seven touchdown passes in the last three games and was chiefly responsible for the lowans’ 32-29 win over Indiana. The Boilermakers also boast of an ec^ually effective aerial attack that has Dave Rankin, outstanding wingman, as a brilliant receiver of the tosses of Mike Byelene, Johnny Galvin, Lou Block, and Jack Brown. In addition to the aerial proceedings, both teams are known to have dangerous mnning attacks. Three of the Hawkeye backs, Kinnick, Busk, and Murphy, have averaged better than five yards a crack on running plays from scrimmage; while Purdue’s “Three Bee’s,” notably Mike Byelene, have shown no mean ability for galloping off on long touchdown sprints, (Continued on page 7), .“^-s^v -'ijj^’l'..', ■:.%'■"«*. <“-f
THE PUflDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. November 4. 1939
Jhnsdi^ JjalL Dear Friend: You know the value of friendship as well as I. Writers since Biblical times have set forth its worth ... orators have praised its virtues ... and you and I have experienced its joys. We realize that friendships have given us our greatest happiness ... and will bring us deeper satisfaction as they age. and enrichen. We’re pretty sure that all the material goods we may accumulate in this life will provide us with little gratification unless we have friends to share in our good fortune. Remember back in college days how we jokingly used to mistranslate Plautus’ old Latin proverb into, “What’s mine’s mine, and what’s yours is mine ?” (Plautus said, “Quod tuum’st meum’st; omne meum est autem tuum,” or “What is thine is mine, and all mine is thine.”) Some of us took that misinterpretation literally and applied it to our friend’s ties, shirts, pants, his books and sometimes even to his girl. Well, we can also look at the friendship of our friends in a selfish way. Aren’t we judged by the friends we keep, when we’re with them, and isn’t our reputation—^good or bad—spread by them when we’re away ? We heard that, “It isn’t what you know but who you know that counts,” back in college and had heard it before ... it has been impressed upon us since graduation. With that in mind, some of us are here at Homecoming looking for a friend who needs our services or for one whose services we need. But dammit it all, fellow, we came back to the campus to have a good time today. We’re going to forget any troubles we may have had yesterday. We’re going to recall the day we left the home which was our birthright and came to a home of our own choice—Purdue. We’re going to revisit the scenes of the latter home today and reminisce over our experiences there. It was easy to make friends when we entered
University life . . . and rather necessary, too, to partially replace family affection. We were starting preparation for our life work then ... starting it with young men and women of our own age, interests and ambitions. And at Purdue the students were so numerous and varied that we could choose our friends critically, even as we chose the school. We worked and ate and played and slept with our new friends ... we saw them at all hours of the day and night. 'In frequent bull sessions we talked freely to them about our classes,, out: professors, our family, our girl friends, and we discussed theirs with them ... we confided our hopes and fears. We were living a communal life in a sincere manner—^the like of which we shall never see again. We were at an impressionable age, and even as the habits formed then will stick to us throughout life, so will friendships made then endure. Upon leaving the University we lost contact with some of those frii^ds—^let correspondence lapse—as we busied ourselves in different fields. Homecoming today offers us an opportunityto renew and to strengihen those college friendships . . . gives us a chance to join friends whom we see upon no other occasion. This is a sort of judgment day upon which all past sins are forgotten and nothing but the good remembered. We’ll forget the letters unanswered and the visits due... start over from scratch, from a new commencement day. We’ll remember that the way to make a friend is to be a friend. We’ll loose restraint and enjoy the feel of the hands of friends, the sight of familiar faces, and the tone of old voices. • \ What difference is it if we don’t recall the name instantly or even if we make an occasional mistake? We’re all “friends.’’—Rip Manion, Editor, 1937-38. (Ed. Director’s Note: We print this editorial with a feeling of pride and respect for a job , well done. As a returning graduate, Manion has caught the true meaning of Homecoming and expressed it in the manner of a true news^ paperman. Rip is now on the staff of the Indianapolis Times.)
By Hank Miller This aftei’noon will present practically a free-for-all when it comes to radio stations. No less than nine different stations will have their sports casters on hand to describe the Purdue-Iowa tilt for the listeners. This game will probably have more listeners than any other game ever broadcast in this part of the country by stations not on a chain. Tlie stations by their calls are WLW, WOWO, WHO, WIBC, WBOW, WMT, KSO, KRNT, and WBAA. —e-e— Here is another series of programs to put on your list of where
and when to find popular music: Walgreen has just signed for a sei’ies of six hour spots a week on WENR featuring popular music. The show is to be emceed by Garry Morfitt, youthful NBC announcer and fun “disher-outer,” and will featurp recorded music. The first show will take the air tomorrow at 1 p. m. under the title of This Week’s Hit Tunes. The other shows are titled Ten o’clock Final and take the air Monday -through Friday at 10 p. m.
Follow Your ‘EXPONENT OF THE AIR" WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
Purdue Exponent R. B. Inalejr. Edltor-ln-Chlef W. B. Smith. Biuineas hlanarer D. G. Terrio.... Editorial Director 6. W. Frederick...” ManaKinsr Editor B. H. AntoninL—Senlor AdTerttainff Manager O. Sehiiliiur Co-ed Editor K. Jenkins Sports Edtior Phones: Editorial, 4005; Business, 6038; Sports, 2792 Published dailr except Monday durinar the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1870, and at the special rata of postage pro▼Ided for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, authorixed January 80, 193Z. National Advertising, RepresentaUves: National Adverttoing Servieg Im-, dM Uadi* son Ayenue. New York, N. Y. Member Associated Collegiate Press.
MIDNITE SHOW TONITE ONLY — 11.30 GAMBLING WITH SOULS A DARING EXPOSE OF MODERN SIN! STARTING SUNDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Tbcir SECOND Great Hit be FIRST in your hearti JOHN GARFIELD ) CLAUDE RAINS J8PPRBY LYNN'FAY BAINTBR DONALD CRtSr • MAY ROBSON Fhak Mdlngb * Dick Fonn tt* “Jva PRISCILLA LANE ROSEMARY LANE LOLA LANE t GALE PAGE b, WARNBR BROS. ! h UiCnJSL CURTIZ
— PLUS — , The Thrill Drama Of the Year Featuring the Nation's No. T Speed King! G>l. Roscoe Turner I N FLIGHT AT MIDNIGHT — WITH — Phil Reagan — Jean Parker
SUNDAY - MONDAY IN Qo^iqeo*id. y :£4/^NIC0L0il!
LAST DAY —
CHARLES BICKFORD IN ’ONE HOUR TO LIVE’ —ALSO — CHARLES STARRETT IN ’Spoilers of the Range’
ARC
— LAST DAY
A COtUNtSiA riv.rURF — AND — ’DOWN IN ARKANSAW” — WITH — PiNKEY TOMLIN WEAVER BROS. —ALSO —
loHERAye®
SUNDAY - MONDAY TOPPER TAKES A TRIP ALEXANDER GRAHAM BELL MICKEY MOUSE
umnuiu Siaris SUNDAY
OUT OF THBIB HATRED COMBS THE GREATEST LOVE STORY OF OUR
We don’t give a damn for the whole state of Iowa ... ’tis true, but we do notice some of the little things going on around ua and we are annoyed. —B & B— ... we do our darnest to get close enough to say hello to a campus chtie, Ellen Kepner, and find that she is surrounded by eight men. We couldn’t even attract her attention because Ex-shot Berg was in the way ... getting desperate, Bill? —B & B— KAMPUSSING . . . There ought to be a lot of Purdue eds wearing home-knit sweaters after Xmas . . . our ever scheming
MARS —ONE DAY onlymatinee AND NIGHT SAT., NOV. 18
GEORGE ABBOTT HIT 1
ttarring IJACKiE comm with FRANK McQLYNN JOSEPHINE DUNN • CYRILLA DORNE • A Stage Play • DIRECT FROM BROADWAY MAIL ORDERS NOW Mat. 55-83-1.10-1.65-2.00 Eve. 83-1.10-1.65-2.00-2.50 —Tax Included— SEASON RESERVATIONS FOR THE FOUR STAGE PLAYS MAY STILL BE PURCHASED AT A GREAT SAVINGS.
ADM.
LAST DAY
Mickey Rooney — Judy Garland in "BABES IN ARMS"
At £2IS0 «w
tkdk .. !
In' tills Pciama.aadTcpphr i 'Cront EiisoinbliB <
U/Sreppen of Novelty Satin Striped '' Woven Rayon Stay-at-homes will welcome this leisure-hour ensemble. The tuck-in pajama, with club , collar and fitted, adjustable waistband has a matching, knee length coat with long sleeves, lapel front and selffabric sash. In Dusty Rose, Copen, Aqua, Royal and Wine. Small, Medium or Large. Pajamas or Topper Separately
LO EB & H C NC COMPANY
co-eds are certainly reviving the woolen industry with their knitting. Maybe we hav^ the wrong slant tho, it might just be that they are preparing for a stay-at-home winter... thb Kappa Sigs and the Phi Belts really go in for HOMECOMING... it gives them an excuse to stay up all night and it is awfully cold outside at night, sooooool —B&B— . . . and at this point we had to excuse ourselves and run out and
get a dime changed so we could give Reamer Rice a donation to help> pay for the PURDUE MASCOT ... we got reamed. —B & B— He who wishes to take his date tc, a free show must remember that we must have some names in our CONTRIBS. The MARS PASSES go to. R.M.S of Cary Hall this week. There should be something worth reading after the senior inspection trips, next week, we hope.
Starts TODAY MARS
m ^ is
Mi
The Excellent EQUIPMENT of the BILLIARD ROOM increases the / Interest and Enjoyment of EXPERTS or BEGINNERS in this game. Instructors will gladly give FREE INSTRUCTION to anyone desiring to improve their game. JhsL fiundusL lAniotLSports Section
^xpmuunL SpiydA. fiaqsL
Purdue Exponent
Sports Section
Picked Frosh Gridders
To Clash This Morning Figuring- that the hordes of returned alumni need to be acclaimed to football before they turn out for this afternoon’s Big Ten encounter with Iowa’s potent Hawkeyes, the athletic department has scheduled a game between two picked freshman
teams to round out this morning’s sports card.
Under the coaching of Elmer - -n-i——
Burnhatn, who has been training the I’hinies in the different systems used by Boilermaker opponents, these two frosh squads should put on an excellent exhibition of the differences between these several styles of play. This morning’s clash will take place on Stuart Field at
10 o’clock.
Show Next Year’s Crop This game will give Boilermaker grid fans an inside angle on Riveter prospects for next season. Coach Burnham expects a number of his present frosh crop to give the veterans a real fight for next fall’s starting posts. Headliners in this morning’s battle are numerous. Halfback Burto is developing into a triple threat ace worthy of pote. Cary, his running mate at wing back, can block and run with the best of 'em. In Buffington, hard driving fullback, the frosh have a back who can pick up much - needed yardage through the line and back up the forward wall at -will. Quarterback Smerke has a head for strategy that will be a welcome addition to next fall's signal-calling corps. Strong At All Positions Hill and Powers head the pros-
pects for the tackle positions. These two burly gridders can block and tackle in true Riveter style. MacCaffrey, rhinie end, is exceedingly dextrous at pass-snagging and makes the frosh aerial attack a con-
stant threat.
Vecs and Appleton are a pair of aggressive guards who do a fine job of opening holes for the charging backs. Van Aken and Rugerie are fighting tooth-for-tooth battle for the center position. Knoll To Play Exhibition Squash Matches Today In a special feature of the'bomecoming celebration Jack Knoll, 1936 Boilermaker squash captain, will play several exhibition matches in the varsity squash courts at the Fieldhouse this morning from 10:30 to 12 o’clock. Knoll is now the number two ranking player in Cleveland, Ohio. H. E. Eberhard, 1939-40 squash captain, R. A. Morley, and Squash Coach M. L. Clevett will furnish Knoll’s opposition. Visitors are invited to watch the matches.
Riveter Grid Team To Play Three Home Games Next Year Spiking rumors that next year’s Boilermaker gridders would play only one home game, that with Indiana in the final clash of the season, a tentative schedule of next fall’s football games was recently relqas^d by the publicity depart-
ment.
Next .year’s seniors will be able to parade at the first game of the season which is planned as a home encounter against an as-yet-un-named opponent. This opener is set for either September 28 or Octo-
ber 6.
Wisconsin’s Badgers will play the Boilermakers in a continuation of a home-and-home series. The Wisconsin game will probably be the Riveter Homecoming clash. The remaining home tilt will bfe with the Hoosiers in the long-standing state rivalry. Renewals of past series with Fordham and Chicago and a continuation of the series with Michigan State, Minnesota, and Iowa are the features of next season’s card. In their battle for recognition in the Big Ten race the Boilermakers will play Chicago, Wisconsin, Iowa, Minnesota, and Indiana. The complete schedule follows: September 28 or October 6—Opponent to be named, here. October 12—^at Michigan State. October 19—at Chicago. October 26—^Wisconsin, here. (Homecoming) November 2—^at Iowa. November 9—at Fordham. November 16—at Minnesota. November 23—^Indiana, here.
Teams
Ten
Conference Games Today
Michigan^ Ohio State Defend First Place Positions At Home
Today's Drive For Mechanical Mascot Echoes Campaign Of Class Of 1907 For Victory Bell
By L. W. Archibald
Navyhasitsgoat, Army has its mule, and NoW Dame has its Irish terrier, but what has Purdue? No longer is this question valid, for Purdue is about to have a mascot. Schools which have a mascot are schools Which can join the intercollegiate sports parade with a symbol before them, for that is what a mascot is. Why shouldn’t every university have a mascot symbolic of the school, something the mention of which will bring instant recognition of the university
name ?
Mascots, through their mere existence, seem to give the student body an added reason for supporting their athletic teams—they demand a little more loyalty to the “cause” and to traditional school spirit. And down <5n the football field or the hardwood court, they add color to
the game, letting the spectators in on the spirit of the occasion.
Purdue has its traditional em
Boilermaker Cross Country Team Seeks Season's First Win Definitely gunning for their first dual meet victory of the season, the Boilermaker cross country squad will be a hard one to beat iu this morning’s encounter with the visiting Wayne University squad. Since today’s race ends their dual meet schedule and is their only remaining competition until the state meet next Saturday, the Riveter harriers are determined to add one mark on the credit side of their ledger. Starting from Ross-Ade Stadium between halves of the intra-squad frosh football game, the harriers will race over the new track. Ed Holdermann, Boilermaker distance ace, who was beaten for the first time this season by Walt Mehl of Wisconsin, and has turned in first place points against Pitt and Indiana, is the Riveter’s chief threat. However, in time trials held this week, Shulman finished right on Holderman’s heels and Coach Phillips expects him to turn in one of his best performances today. Chuck Reeves, who has finished second for the Riveters in each previous meet, a consistent performer and should place well up among the leaders to contribute to the Boiler-
maker chances.
■ Pour other men, Jim White, Mac White, Young, and Grant, qualified for this morning’s competition in the time trials. Bob Jarvis, now on the sick list, might possibly start.
Tens of thousands of mid-western voices will be raised in praise and vocal support of their favorite teams this afternoon as eight Conference teams go into battle in defense of their
respective Big Ten standings.
Last week-end another black mark was hurled against Big Ten supremacy as two members of the Conference lost hard fought battles to intersectional elevens. Saturday’s two loBses brought the Big Ten’s batting average against non-conference foes below the .500 mark for the first time in a number of years.
At the head of today’s list of cru-_
Big Ten
blems of the struggle of the gridiron, most prominent of which is the Victory Bell, which is rung after Western Conference victories since 1907. But a mechanical mascot, symbolic of the “Boilermakers,” can serve a purpose at every game. Such a mascot should not replace the Victory Bell, as a symbol of Purdue success in athletic conflict, but should fit in as a proper addition to the sacred emblems of
loyal support.
1907—The Victory Bell
Thirty-two years ago a Purdue senior came upon an old bell in one of the buildings on the campus, and conceived the idea of mounting it upon a carriage and ringing it after football victories. He took his idea to several of his classmates, and with their help proceeded to raise the funds necessary to pay for such a carriage. Mounted thus, it became known as the Victory Bell. The senior was Will Budding, CE ’07, and the carriage was built in the shop of Peter Anderson, Lafayette business man, who was the father of the now wellknown Clinton “Doc” Anderson,
also class of 1907.
This year, a Purdue junior, I. H. Selkowitz, inspired publicity of his idea for a mechanical mascot for the university; the spark, which has been smoldering for two weeks, burst into flame last night just before the alumni banquet, and it is expected that this flame will be fanned high before this gala Homecoming
day is over.
The proposed mascot would
1907
1939
have been designed along the lines of a robot operated by remote control. However, the plan adopted by the Reamer Club, athletic booster honorary, which has taken up the cry, favors the construction of an old-style locomotive mounted upon an automobile chassis, with all necessary gadgets to produce noise when a touchdown has been
scored.
Drive Underway With the motto “1907 — the Victory Bell, 1939—the Mascot,” a drive for contributions is under way. Eight thousand tags have been printed and strung, these to be received and worn by everyone who contributes a dime or more. On the face of these tags is a print of a locomotive foiging ahead at full steam ,and on the reverse side the phrase, “I Am Helping Build the Purdue Mascot.” Club members will be placed throughout the area of Ross-Ade Stadium from 1 p. m. today until after the game, and contributions taken in silver football helmets. After the game the table already located in the Great Hall of the Union will be maintained and tags given there for contribu-
tions.
It is hoped that the mechanical mascot will be ready to take to the Indiana football game at Bloomington, November 26. Work is already under way. It is a quirk of fate, and perhaps to be a mai'k in Purdue history, that the mounting of the Victory Bell and the building of the mascot should both take place in the same shop.
Bandwagon By Stew Marquis With the Big Ten season at its midway point, it is becoming evident that highly-geared offenses are running rampant. In the first nine Western Conference games a total of 518 points was scored, or an average of 28.8 points per game. This points-per-game average is the highest of any major collegiate conference in the country.
btb
This definite emphasis on the scoring phase of the game has already resulted in a number of breath-taking thrillers. Iowa defeated Indiana, 32-39, in the Big Ten feated Indiana, 32-29, in the Big Ten opener in a game replete with offensive thrills. Michigan’s Wolverines unleashed a powerful attack to come from behind and wallop Iowa, 27-7. Minnesota and the Boilermakers played a 13-13 tie in another hair-raiser.
btb
Highlight of the early Big Ten clashes, however, was Ohio State’s 23-20 triumph over Minnesota’s Golden Gophers in a see-saw battle that was either team’s game up until the last minute. Picture this situation: With the Buckeyes leading 23-20 and the game entering its last minute of play, Mernick steps back to try for a field goal. The ball is snapped, Mernick boots it. The ball soars toward the goal post, hits it, and bounces straight up. The stadium is silent as the pigskin falls down—short. No good. And the Buckeyes take the game and the Big Ten lead.
btb
Don Clawson, Northwestern fullback, forged into second place in the Big Ten scoring race last Saturday as he made a touchdown and kicked a point against Illinois to give him a total of 19 points. Wolverine Tom Harmon still held his first place spot by a wide margin although his three* touchdowns against Yale didn’t count in the standings. Harmon has set the pace with 45 points (Continued on page 6)
cial battles will be the hard fought tilt at Columbus, Ohio, as the fighting Hoosiers from Indiana meet the league leading Buckeyes, who are still smarting from the defeat suffered at the hands of a Big Red eleven from Cornell. Ohio State is plenty fearful of the Hoosier aerial attack led by Hal Hursh, Indiana back. Injuries still are a minor factor with the Ohio eleven and the same combination which has begun each of their games will begin Saturday’s attack. McMillin Worried Bo McMillin is more worried over the Buckeyes’ power attack than from their pass offense. The Buckeye swinging gate power play, which spelled the Ohio State 6-0 victory last year, is receiving a great deal of attention in the Hoosier
grid camp.
Northwestern will be gunning after its third straight Big Ten victory and Minnesota will be striving to hit the Conference victory column for the first time this season as the two teams meet in Minneapolis. The Wildcats have suffered defeat at the hands of the Gophers the last three times they have invaded Memorial Stadium, havipg been unable to defeat Minnesota in Minneapolis since 1930. The Northwestern offense has shown considerable improvement since their two early season defeats at the hands of Oklahoma and Ohio State. De Correvant has been a major disappointment to the Wildcat contingent as he has thus far failed to make any headway in big time
competition. The Golden Gophers have been somewhat tamed this season, but they still pack a lot of power and should finish higher in the final standing than their present seventh
position.
The third major contest of midwestern interest is the Hawkeye invasion of the Boilermaker camp. The Boilermakers are still very much in the Conference race and will be striving to maintain their 1,000 per cent standing. However, the Iowan aerial attack, led by mighty Niles Kinnick, is boasted as the best in the country and is expected to offer stiff resistance to the Riveters’ hopes. More than a football game will be fought at Ann Arbor today as the mini will seek to prove to the Wolverine followers that their sensational back, Tom Harmon, is not nearly so great as their former allfamous Red Grange. The Hlini have won no Conference games to date, while Michigan is a Big Ten coleader, the only undefeated Big Ten team, and one of the top four teams in the country. Maroons Go South The perennial cellar men of the Conference, the Maroons of Chicago, will travel into the deep South to met the Cavaliers of the University of Virginia. Wisconsin is the only Big Ten team idle this week. The Badgers also are still seeking their first Big Ten victory and are spending their spare time in deep preparation for their next week’s tilt with minois.
The Scorecard by Rolfe JenMns Today begins the second half of the 1939 football season. Only one conference team is idle, Harry Stuhldreher’s Wisconsin Badgers. Here are the leading “close ones” for this afternoon. In each case in the following list the home team is last. Iowa and Purdue ... a good game to pick at the start. We think that the gieat Hawkeye passing attack will receive something of a surprise when it is pitted against the first string Boilermaker backfield plus Augie Morningstar. On the other hand, with the coast trip a few days away, the Riveters are ready to go and should beat Iowa by one or two touchdowns.
Indiana at Ohio State . . , don’t be surprised if Bo McMillin has something to spring on the Buckeyes. who took a licking last Saturday. Indiana and Ohio State both have outstanding aerial attacks, but we lean toward the Ohioans on the ground. A vote for the Bucks in a very close one. Michigan at Illinois . . . Michigan by four or five touchdowns. Fifteen yeai’s ago a red haired halfback surprised the Wolverines by scoring five touchdowns in five ball-car-rying attempts, and today Michigan has a halfback, maybe not as good as Red Grange, but plenty slick, and it’s the Wolverines’ turn. Northwestern at Minnesota . . . Minnesota, after a tie and a loss, is due to take one, but so is Northwestern. The Gophers seem to have more, however, and should win by one touchdown. Chicago at Virginia . . . Even this southern team, although not powerful, rates better than the 1939 Maroons. Virginia by two touchdowqs. Notre Dame-Army . . . The Irish, long overdue for a show of hidden
prowess, will win by three touchdowns. Among other Boilermaker opponents previously played are Michigan State, which will drop a close one to Syracuse, and Santa Clara, which is due to lick Stanford. Catchiest among the 21 games listed will be Indiana-Ohio State, Duke-Georgia Tech, Kentucky-Ala-bama, California-UCLA and possibly Southern California - Oregon State, in which we may be entirely wrong, but we have our ideas, as you have yours. In the other games we have less to base our guesses upon, however. Anyway, here are the games as they “should” come out today; IOWA 7, PURDUE 13. Indiana 7, Ohio State 14. Michigan 28, Illinois 0. lIJiorthwester'n 7, Minnesota 13. Chicago 6, Virginia 19. Notre Dame 21, Army 0. Navy 13, Pennsylvania 6. Harvard 7, Princeton 6. Dartmouth 14, Yale 6. (Continued on page 6)I t^‘
i„ ^ * '\,
f i f ' 1 fi
1 'I
. THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, November 4, 1939'
Opens Holes For Hawkeye Scorer
When Mike Enich, huge Hawkeye tackle, sets out ahead of an Iowa ball carrier as interference, the good intentions of many a would-be-tackler are in vain. Mike’s blocking has been a big factor in the excellent showing of Iowa’s headliner, Nile Kinnick, for whom he is here shown paving the way.
To members of the Ohio State line who succeed in blocking a punt during a football game, Line Coach
Ernie Godfrey offers a new hat. The “Godfrey Hat Club” is truly an exclusive group on the Buckeye squad.
La JESSIE INN Formerly RUDY’S Opening November 3 Featuring STEAKS — CHICKEN — FISH Fountain Service, Sandwiches, Dancing Phone 46241 for Dinner Parties
GERRY MOHLMAN'S THE HOME of FINE WATCHES We carry a large stock of the foEowing outstanding makes: Bulova's# Longines, Westfield's, Elgin's, HomEton's and Giuens. Why not shop early for Christmas ... A small deposit will hold any article until Christmas. GERRY MOHLMAN 434 Main St. 308 State St. Lafayette (in southworth'S) West Lafayette
WELCOME ALUMNI To make the week end complete ride the Street Car to the game. Tate 5 cents. Free transfers. LAFAYETTE STREET RAILWAY
^^..and it will hold its shape like a million dollars^^
Tailored by HART SCHAFFNER & MARX 8^8? Not at all. Triple Tested Worsted does hold its shape like a million dollars because it’s made of sturdy durably worsted, skillfully tailored fabric created to take a lot of punishment and like it —but not look it! suits, fabrics go through a gruelling Wear test—a searching Style test and a hard-boiled Value test. Fabrics that don t measure up to every one of these tests never see the Triple Test label. • . 8® wrong on Triple Test from any angle. A nation of smartly-dressed men agree that it s the best buy a man can make stop in tomorrow and check on Triple Tests value for yourself! \5f^e’re ready with a complete collection of the newest colorings and patterns for fall. ^ *32®“ and *35“® GEISLER-S VARSITY SUITS and TOPCOATS |21.50 up SOONAINST. —^' i I Sg t'"''j! ;,vi-,' >
h
Saturday, November 4, 1939
PlMiWfiHiiiiifPpWMi^^
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Two Groups Combine For Armistice Piay Wesley Players and the Peac.e Fellowship will combine to produce 'the annual Armistice play in the Jefferson High school auditorium tomorrow at 8 p. m. The presentation this year will be “If‘This Be Treason,” a Theater Guild production written by John. Haynes Holmes. Admission to the play is
free, but reserved seats may be obtained at the Wesley Foundation office or by calling 6261. Among those in the cast are Bill Harris, Art Keppler, Cornelia Caldwell, Fred Stems, and Harold McCutcheon. Assisting with the production are Walter Kettenring, John Godbey, and Marjorie Hoover. Bill McFadden is directing the play and Raymond Miles is directing the between-acts orchestra.
Snbscribe to THE EXPONENT
Junior Dance Club Issues Call For New Members Girls interested in modem dance are invited to join the junior dance club which will meet every Tuesday and Thursday at 4 p. m, according to Miss Helen Knight, ot the physical education department, who will instruct the group. Although girls who have had experience in modern dance are eli-
gible for the club, beginners are urged to come out. If members are unable to attend scheduled practices, they may go to makeup practices on Fridays at 4 p. m. During the year the club plans to give exhibitions and recitals. As soon as members of the junior club have displayed interest and ability they will be advanced to the senior club. Subscribe for The Exponent
BE RIGHT It Costs No More Don’t fail to see out new stock of shirts, sweaters, ties and suit. We have strong representation of all new colors and styles. Extra tailoring for extra style. Dewenter’s merchandise really has "it” for sports, college wear, or business. A truly deluxe selection that all men will appreciate. DEWENTER’S
416 Main
Phone 3801
NOTICE! Students and Alumni THE FOLLOWING SERVE
All Lean Meat Has No Gristle No Fat or Bone
Step Inn 714 Northwestern Ave., West Lafayette Paul's Place Columbia St., West Lafayette Miizi Cafe 213 vino Max and Larry's 201 Main St. Wheeler's 420 Main St. Holmes Cafe Main — 4th and South Ed and Dick's 808 Main St.
An Aid To Diet Easy To Digest Cut With Fork
Avalon Rt. 6, S. 9th Street Road Saunders Rt. 5, By-Pass Biltz and Conrad Roads 25 and 52 Rowles Bros. 525 Main St. 28th Si. Cafe 28th and Main Sts. Woolworth's North Side Square Joe's Delicatessen 1902 Scott St.
Chips Steaks Are Also for Sale at Local Meat Merchants. % Chip Steak Co. of Lafayette
1920 Scott Street
Phone 6966
SAMUEL L. GOODMAN, Distributor (Purdue '35)
PURDUE BLANKETS for the Game Official Pyrdue colors, with 'Boilermaker' Seal! Large size! Warm too. Get yours today. $2-69 vlvl
.A I*
HOMECOMING VISITORS Welcome to your alma mater! This is your chance to see your old pals and a football game as in the old days. Support the Purdue Mascot-Buy a Purdue Souvenir. Peter Anderson Garage
525 Alabama 24 Hour Service
Phone 4048 After You We Come First
Fielder’s Choice by Robert J. Deekard Cited to be one of the outstanding gridiron games of the nation during^ this week-end, the Purdue-Iowa affair today promises to be as wide open in attack via sod and ozone as the prairie country has seen, both teams boasting a bewildering assortment of ball-carrying and passing plays.
——fc—*
Up to date both contingents have turned on the heat and scorched the atmosphere with aerial thrusts to the discomfituer of their respective opponents, and ground plays by Mai Elward and Dr. Eddie Anderson’s outfits have kept the opposition as busy as an orchestra of one-fingered clarinet players. \
But one thing stands "but more than the other: A passing attack by both teams seems to be in the game this afternoon. And both outfits can take care of •themselves comfort-
ably.. —fc—
Through the atmosphere the lowans have been more effective, according to figures, than the Boilermakers, with Niles Kinnick, sterling Hawkeye half, tossing the leather straight and true many times to his stellar ally at left end, Captain Erwin Prasse.
—^fc—
Factual proof of the greatness of Mr, Kinnick by means of official figures reveals he has thrown 21 completed passes, with nine going for touchdowns, his pass gains totaling 473 yards of the team’s 638.
—^fc—
This same Mr. Kinnick, who might be as popular this afternoon to the Elwardmen as a poison ivy corsage, has gained 256 yards by rushing in 53 trials, 4.82 being the average . . . scored quartet of touchdowns on runs of three to 63 yards .. . help account for 54 other points . . . punted an average of 38 yards on 28 boots . . . drop-kicked nine conversions in 14 attempts.
—^fc—
But don’t overlook the Boilermaker passing attack, my friends! Where Iowa has only one consistent passer and runner, who is Kinnick, the Riveters boast of four and maybe more. Lou Brock, Jack Brown, Mike Byelene, and John Galvin can toss the pigskin around with near perfection. In addition to this any one of these lads can shoe the ball, run, and block admirably.
—^fc—
Then think of the Riveter ends. Dave Rankin, whom we chose recently as one of the outstanding ends in the Big Ten this year, is a gilt-edged bond in our pocket book and graces the flank position with near-machine precision. Then Felix Mackiewicz is no slop on the other end. Neither is Jack Krause.
The forward wall of the Boilermaker outfit is a Idller-diller. Iowa won’t come within a shade of bending it either in the middle or sides. And we read from the papers that the Iowa line and secondary have
■m
allowed exactly 69 points to be recorded against them, which doesn’t speak too well for the visitors. The Boilermakers have given up 36 hard-earned points. —fc— The Hawks thus far this season look impressive on paper, but on the grid today we fear for them. Purdue’s passing attack, though not as well known as Iowa’s, has a better chance of accounting for itself because of the numerous reserves; the Boilermakers’ great line looms before the westerners in elephantine proportions; their sterling backfield is too potent for the lowans; in short, the Riveters are better than the Iowa squad, as of this morning. —^fc— Mathematically, Purdue’s football team has a chance to win the title, as of today. Up to date it has looked like a fine outfit, and can boast of some marvelous playing, this giving us the impetus for writing today’s column. —fc— Here’s the way we figure it for Purdue to capture the blue bunting; providing some other “upsets” don’t mess things up: If Minnesota whips Michigan on November H at Ann Arbor; If Michigan beats Ohio State on November 25 at Ann Arbor; If Purdue wins all four of its games that remain on its schedule; Then the Boilermakers will have an undisputed 1939 Western Conference championship added to their ^long list of victories. —^fc— Our guess as to the final score— PURDUE 19, IOWA 7.
Make Ydur Homecoming More Enjoyable by Eating at the MITZI Prompt and Courteous Service 213 Vine Phone 2958
WELCOME PURDUE ALUMNI
We sincerely hope you will enjoy the food you ore eating now os well os the food you ate here os a student.
ROSTOV Lafayette's Largest Grocery Store 5th and Columbia Sts. Phone 5081
mm*• 'i
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday^ November 4, 1939
Dr. Harriet O'Shea ... of the division of education and applied psychology, addressed the Vocational Information Conference for women students at Ohio State Llniversity yesterday on “Psychiatry and Applied Psychology’' and “Personnel Work.” Jhe Scorecard (Continued from page 3) Michigan State 6, Syracuse 7. Auburn 13, Boston College 6, Duke 14, Georgia Tech 7. Mississippi 14, Vanderbilt 6. Texas A & M 20, Arkansas 7. Kentucky 7, Alabama 13. Texas 6, Southei-n Methodist 14. Kansas 0, Kansas State 13. Santa Clara 7, Stanford 0. So. California 13, Oregon State 7. Washington State 0, Oregon 14. California 6, UCLA 7.
It would take one person 141 years to complete all of the courses offered by the University of Texas.
The Bandwagon (Continued from page 3) in two games. Iowa’s pass-snagger, Erwin Prasse, dropped to thh’d place with a total of 18 points. btb Harmon’s supremacy in the ground - gaining department waS challenged as Paul Soper of Northwestern and George Paskvan boosted their records. Harmon has rolled up a total of 239 yards in 25 attempts, or a little under 10 yards a crack. Soper broke loose for 153 yards against the Illini to come within four yards of the leader, gaining 235 yards in 32 attempts, or slightly over 7 yards per try.
Paskvan, who is becoming known as the Big Ten workhorse since he has carried the ball 67 times in three games, approached to within two yards of Harmon’s total with a net gain of 237 yards. btb Hawkeye Nile Kinnick is setting the pace in aerial tossing, but Hurling Hal Hursch of Indiana is right on his heels ahd there promises to be a hot stretch duel for passing honors—and with exceptional figures. Kinnick completed seven passes against Wisconsin last week and ran his three game total to 354 yards. Hursch, who didn’t play last week, has completed 26 out of 46 passes in three games for a total of 394 yards.
Favorite receivers of Hursch and Kinnick lead the conference in pass reception. Hoosier Harold Zimmer has snagged five Hursch aerials for 137 yards and Iowa’s Prasse has taken five tosses for 117 yards.
With the exception of Chicago the Boilermakers are the only Big Ten team that hasn’t played more than one conference game. For this reason the Riveter passers, scorers
and ground-gainers don’t rank high in their departments of the game. But just watch their Smoke as they hit this last half of their season with four Big Ten games scheduled on consecutive Saturdays.
Let's Get Acquainted Make ALTER'S CAfE (formerly Hufton's) Opposite The Fowler, the place to meet and visit with old friends over the week end. The food is good and you will feel at home. Ross Alter '15 Mildred Alter '24
NOVEMBER 10
mo
This Date Remains the Same Roosevelt may change Thanksgiving—- . but the Debris Dead line will not change. The price of Debris changes November 10 from $4.00 to $4.50. (DebhiL. “Qompy^ QampuA. ^oj$£M0sl'
mo
WELCOME GRADS
Let us handle your transportation troubles. Our prompt, courteous drivers are at your disposal be it Football game Dance or Banquet The same superlative service you knew as an Undergraduate. CALL 5023 or 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
2-HOUR CLEANING AND PRESSING SEUYIGE
^ m' carry
SUITS, TOPCOATS, PLAIN DRESSES
CO-OP
121 VINE ST. PHONE 5304
Welcome Grads— Meet At GREEN GABLES for Sandwiches, Hot Chile, Soft Drinks of All Kinds. Main and Brown Street Levee. Phone 4983
Besides being a Great 1 1 JM Jli X . Factor os a Time Saver
—Linen Supply also saves you money. WHY BUY WE SUPPLY On a Rental Basis
'S'l
Phone 2000 for Service
Whether you’re two or fiftytwo HEALTH is a big word to you! So capture and hold onto that word health which is so important through: Sunshine Farms High Quality bottled milk and dairy products. They’re good and good/or you/
SUNSHINE FARMS
PHONE 5015' K ^ v/;
Saturday/ November 4# 1939
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Riveters Meet
In
(Continued from page 1) Ways aed means of devising a defense to halt the versatile lovra attack has been complicated by the loss of a pair of veterans for today’s encounter. Felix Mackiewicz, right end, and Carl Verplank, right guard, bbth of whom were injured in the Santa Clara affair, will be unable to see any action against the
high-scoring Iowa aggregation. all probabilityjsthe right wing post will fall to Jack Krause and Willie
Elliott Predids
Alisolute Deadline Set .Alumni Day
Combs, while Jack Winchell and Jim Miller are being groomed for the right guard berth.
Cinemaster Fredric March is leading a drive for funds to provide technical equipment for the new University of Wisconsin theater.
HELLO ALUMNI! ni Most You at TOM’S
for-
A Wonderfully Satisfying Dinner, large, meaty 25c Tonight
Delicious, Tender, Juicy, T-Bone Steak 40c . Across form Armory
(Continued from page 1) paper representatives. One of the outstanding alumni present was' Charles S. Moore, who played halfback 60 years ago against Wabash* in the game which gave Purdue its title of “Boilermakers.” Principal speakers of the evening were Prof. G. A. Young, head ofJbhe mechanical engineering school; Mai Elward, head football coach; President Edward C. Elliott; Irene Bich, movie star, who was made an honorary co-ed; Nobel Kizer, head of the athletic department; “Irish” O’Brien, alumnus of the 1916 class and captain of the 1914 gridiron team; and Bill Warner, representing the team of 10 years ago. The banquet closed with the Purdue Glee Club singing “For the Honor of Old Purdue,” “Mighty Like a Rose” featuring Marvin Smith, and the Glee Club version of the Purdue series.
For Debris Senior Photos
November 14 is the absolute deadline for the taking of senior pictures for the 1940 Debris, according to Bill Strong, editor of the yearbook. Even now, those seniors who wish to have their pictures taken must report at the Dexheimer-Carlon Studis in Indianapolis. All seniors who are going to Indianapolis are requested to fill out an activity chart in the Debris office as soon as possible.
Don R. Berlin
. . . BSME ’22, chief engineer of the Curtiss Airplane Division of the Curtiss-Wright Corporation in Buffalo, N. Y., returned to the campus this week-end for Homecoming, and to interview seniors regarding possible connections with the Curtiss Airplane Division after graduation.
Pay only for a regular pair of FREE/AANS... but get i*n addition .:.
1 Full Double Soles 2 Dutch (Rock-Bottom) tost 3 Soft, Heavyweight Calfskin 4 Hand Antiqued Finish 5 Leather “Spring” Heels
X-RAY FITTING
A. B. C Shoe Co., Inc.
406 MAIN STREET
ri d e, fi y>'M i I'll ii s
Baltimore Clothes Shop STORE FOR MEN
Quality Clothes, Hats and Furnishings Phone 2873
BUXTON^WAY'
Actually THREE folds in ONE
The Buxton "S-Way" simply makes every other billfold ever invented obsolete. It's designed for every man's needs . . . actually three folds in one.
Of course, the “3Way" and its "inner self" are made the Buxton way— entirely WITHOUT STITCHES. They are cut out of a single piece oi leather, skillfully folded and selfinterlocked by Patented Ears.
1. FOE THE TRAVELER— Draw the "partition" toward you —lift Qut the end— it unlocks, revealing an extra fulllength compartment — a "hideaway" for large bills and personal papers. 2. FOR DRESSY OCCASIONS— The "partition" is actually a waferthin fold, complete in itself, completely removable—^fust right for "dressy" occasions and other special use, 3. ' FOR THE ^ BUSINESS MAN —^Insert the inner fold open side upl (it locks in), and you have 3 fulllength compartments— a tegular "pocket file", separating checks, bills, etc.
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
phone 6477
ATTENTiaN!
DON’T BE THROWN FOR A LOSS KEEP UP TO DATE
-with SOCIETY BRAND Suits and Topcoats
They've just been unpacked — a whole big shipment of Smart Fall Clothes in the newest styles and materials. Come in and give your eyes a treat today.
AN ARROW SHIRT TO PLAYER MAKING FIRST TOUCHDOWN SATURDAY
lie#
316 State St., West Lafayette
Phone 2237
(Continued from page 1) the start and finish of the Wayne vs. Purdue cross country meet in the lapse before lunch time. At 11:46 o’clock the Class of 1911 will lunch together in the Union ballroom, and at 12:46 the fraternities and sororities will serve lunch to the grads. Game Highlight Highlight, of course, is the game: PURDUE vs. IOWA, 2 o’clock this afternoon In Ross-Ade Stadium. Watch the band! After the game there will be class reunions on the gridiron, and it will be every man for himself. At 4:46 this afternoon there will be a free smoker and a tea dance in the Union. Then at 6 o’clock this evening, there will be organization dinners. At 7 o’clock alumni may have their pick, with gab-fests, billiards, bowling, and browsing planned in the Union. , Tomorrow morning, the alumni will attend religious services in the West Lafayette and Lafayette churches. It’s “So Long!” tomorrow afternoon, and “See you next year.” Now, do you still want to be an alumnus ?
Open Co>ed Rush
To Begin Monday
Open rushing for all co-eds who registered for rush this fall but did not pledge will begin Monday, November 6, with a compulsory meeting to be held at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Union. At this time rush activities will be explained by Francis Raebig, president of the Pan-Hellenic Coiracil, and Ruffina Sexton, head of the rush rules committee. ^
Unrestricted rushing is being held this year for the first time on the campus; however, it will be conducted similarly to last year’s mid-se-mester’s open rush. Sororities may pledge girls^from Tuesday, November 7, until the end of this seiiiester provided they have not met their quotas set during formal rush last fall. Any form of rushing is permissible, and dates for parties will be bandied personally.
Approximately 80 co-eds are expected to participate.
Harry McCrady
New York City’s four municipal colleges enroll m'ore than 62,000 students yearly.
. . . will play for the tea dance to be held in the Union ballroom this afternoon starting immediately after the game and lasting until approximately 5:46. The dance is open to all with no admission fee.
FRXNK'r'PLACE
You save money when you eat at Frank's Best of foods—We never close 111 Vine Street
BARGAINS FROM YOUR BAKERY
The Lightest, best flavored cup-cakes a hungry man ever set his teeth into. . . .
GRAVES QUALITY BAKERY
Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. ‘^Catering to Fraternities and Sororities**
ihmen )phomores uniors Seniors
we have the phonograph records
YOU WANT!
No matter what your tastes, from the mad moods of merry music^ to the restful, cultural
strains of the classics . . . you can get the phonograph records you want in our extensive record department. A complete selection including the mellow old-timers as
well as the latest releases by
BLUEBIRD - VICTOR
DECCA - COLUMBIA
LYON & MEALY
McLEAN MUSIC STORE
514 Main St.
:|
Phone 7917 Jm
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday/ November 4, 1939
JomoMow^ 9/l Jhx QhjuMJksA, Methodist Students 9 30 a m —Sunday School. Co-eds at the Foundation, “Women in the Church,’’ with special attention to Miss Geoigia Haikness. Men's class at the chuich, teacher fioni the faculty. 10-40 a in—Chuich seivice, special Armistice Sunday seimon. 5 p, —Fellow ship suppei at the • Foundation 6 30 p m—Univeisity Epworth League. Student Panel on “Personalities and Pioblems, Lois McGaughey, chan man 8 p. m -Three-act play, “If This Be Treason,” by the Wesley Players, free at Jefferson High school. Baptist Students Roger Williams Club West Lafayette Baptist Church 9 30 a m.—Class, Dean M. L. Fisher, teacher. 10-35 a. Ill —Sermon, “The Marks of a Giownng Chiistian,” Rev. Joseph Band Gleason, pastoi. 5:30 p m—Rogei Williams Club Horae Horn and 10c lunch. 6 30 p. m. — Discussion group. Miss Claie Coolidge, assistant dean of wmmen, wnll speak on “The Ideal American Girl.” 8 p. m—Jeffeison High school auditorium, the Wesley Players. Presbi terian and Congregational Students Morning program at Central Presbyterian Church: 9 30—Di G. H Giaves will lead the Student Discussion Group in the subject, “What Is Religion?” 10 40—Morning worship. Dr. W. R. Graham will speak. The church choir, led by A P. Stewart, will furnish the music. Evening program at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz street: 5 p m—The University church will meet. 6 p m—Suppei will be served after which Mr. and Mrs 0. L Foster will show pictures taken on a recent tup through Mexico. Episcopal Students Services at St. John’s Church, 6th and Ferry streets, Lafayette. 8 a. m.—Holy Communion. 10:45 a m—Holy Communion (choral) and sermon 6 p m.—Seabury Club, supper. 7pm —Program. Rental Collection Of Famous Pictures Offered To Students
By Ermie Irwin Beauty on the campus! No, not co-eds, but flowers and summer sunshine when it’s cold and raining (brrrririir), and imaginary scenes of far-away places, lovely ladies (no, NOT co-eds), and the beauty of the soft colors of a painted night. Miss them, want them? The University’s latest innovation is to bring all this to the campus. Careful Selection Undei the leadership of Prof. Lauientza P Schantz-Hansen, head of the art depaitment of the school of home economics, a lental collection of pictures is provided for the use of all University students. The pictures were chosen by Miss Schantz-Hansen after a careful study of world-famous art exhibits at both fairs this past summer. You will find the collection on display in the applied design department, Purdue building number two, until November 12 Buying Option Students may visit the exhibit, and then file a written application, indicating their choices. A rental fee of one dollar per semester, or$1.50 for the school year will be charged to have an attractivelyframed picture for your own room. Another feature of the program is the opportunity to buy the pictures at prices ranging from $8.50 to $20. The Purdue student body is given first choice of the purchase and later the privilege is extended to the faculty. An awakening interest of college students in art has brought about this program, which has already been introduced in other universities. The continued growing interest will maintain the collection and allow additions to be made from time to time.
Peace Fellowship To Hear Dr. Bender On Friday, November 10, at 6:30 p. m., the Purdue Peace Fellowship will hold its annual Armistice eve banquet in the First Methodist Church. This year. Dr. Harold S. Bender, dean of Goshen College, Goshen, has been selected to speak at the banquet His talk will include a discussion of the necessary measures for enforcing peace and the attitude that an individual must have to maintain neutrality. Dr. Bender has travelled extensively in Europe and received his doctor’s degree at the University of Berlin. He is a prominent member of the Mennomte Church, whose basic doctrine is individual as well as international pacifism He is well known for his numerous lectures on the basic causes of the last war, and his ability to support his reasoning with facts, not theories The public is invited to attend the banquet and tickets are available at the Union desk, or from any student pastor, for 40 cents. The Ohio University football team was undefeated m a home football game from 1927 to 1937.
National Home Economics Honorary Initiates Five Omicron Nu, national home economics honorary, held formal initiation for Estelle Cohen, Margaret Crankshaw, Bonita House, Myra Lewis, and Betty Spears last Wednesday evening in the Home Economics building. Following the initiation a formal banquet was given for the members, faculty, and alumni. Dean Mary L. Matthews, Jean Horwitz, president of the organization, and Bessie Morrison, an alumnus, addressed the group. Only seniors and second semester juniors who have maintained at least a 4.8 scholastic average during their first three and one-half years at the University are considered eligible for the organization. The libraries of U. S. institutions of higher learning contain more than 62,000,000 bound volumes.
Classified Ads
FOR RENT CARS FOR RENT—Call Russ at 71644 after six evenings. Minimums rates as low as $2.60 for all night.
sign up in Playshop’s office until Saturday, November 4 Work begins Monday.
—BEISEL
Exponent Sophomore Co-eds: There will be a short meeting Monday afternoon, November 6, at 4 p. m , in the office. Assignments for co-eds will be given on Wednes-
day afternoon, November 8.
—SCHILLING.
FOR SALE typewriters—All makea. standard and portable, sold, pnrohased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as lew as $29 76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 691 Main Street.
Exponent Sophomores; Will the following editorial sophomores who are now working one night each week please phone me at 6089 or leave additional nigbt preferences in my box, before Sunday, November 6 Jobs as issue editor will be assigned: Don Wasson, Bob Moss, Bob Carpenter. Gimlet Pledges: Be at parking lot at 12 "20 p m Saturday, November 4
—FRAZEE.
Freshman Engineers: All students aaUnigned to Engineering lectures report to UrFowIer Hall Saturday, November 4. C, M. Ripley of General Electric Co. will be the speaker. '—I^APP Senior Debris Pictures; All seniors who have not had senior pictures taken notify Bill Strong, editor, in the D^ris office before Tuesday, November 7. He will arrange
for a time to go to Indianapolis.
—STRONG.
PIA Membership Workers: All PIA membership Books should be turned in to the office by Monday, November 6 —DUE Outing Club; Hike scheduled for Monday, October 80, has been postponed till Sunday, November 6. For reseravtions and details call George Shawkins, 66714, or Marjorie Ward, 41111. —WARD.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Monday afternoon, silver wristwatch, Luor make Phone 6328. Reward
LOST—Green steamer trunk. Supposedly delivered to wrong address by Yellow Cab Call 66102, Patterson Reward.
NOTICES
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
“Winterset” Begins Work: Anyone wishing to work on crew for “Winterset” may
TOWNSEND'S LUNCH SPECIAL — Five-cent Hamburgers Five-cent Baked Beans
648 MAIN STREET
PHONE 4454
Try the O. K. CAFE T-Bone Steak 35c 134 Vine St.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
MODERN PROGRESS . . . requires better Personal Appearance. Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly. All Wool Garments are moth-proofed by MONITE moth-proof service. No extra charge.
F^l N E CUE AN ERS OF FINE CLOTHES
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK dth & Main Phona 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Jewelers
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119'/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Florists
• Dine
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mein aS 7th Phone 6050
Eat at Fred's Try Our Home Cooked Barbecues. 127 VINE
• Food Market NEWMARK'S DRIVE IN MARKET The place to get something good to eat 710 Main Phone5811
<v
eal Mild
ness
Copyright 1939, LiGGBTT (Sc Myers Tobacco Cto.
CHESTERFIELD’S RIGHT COMBINATION of the world's best cigarette tobaccos
-OU '11 enjoy every Chesterfield you smoke because you’ll find them cooler, you’ll like the taste, and Chesterfields are definitely mildero There*s a big preference for the cigarette that really satisfies. Chesterfield’s right combination of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos is the perfect blend to give you more smoking pleasure. Make your next ^pack Chesterfield... you can’t buy a better cigarette.
% your pleasure... TAeJ^iqhf (jomhnafion of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos