f*// F
V ^
(■
"VS
(IThe Puriluc TSxpanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATUBDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1936
NUMBER 3«
BOILERMAKERS BAHLE TARTANS
No Smoking Campaign Gets Student Backing
Classroom Talks Assist In Revival Of Campus Custom ‘T believe that the student body in geneml is behind the ‘no smoking’ campaign,” stated Glen Mar-^ tin. Student Senate president, last night in discussing the progress of the drive being staged by campus organizations to reestablish the “no smoking” tradition. Yesterday, and to some extent on Thursday, various workers carried the campaign into the classroom, giving short talks and leading discussions on the subject. Numerous students reported that the smoking situation is greatly improved. Fire Hazards R. B. Stewart, University comptroUer, stated, “If smoking were practiced promiscuously about the campus, fire insurance rates on several buildings would be substantially increased due to the increased fire hazard.” He also said that it became necessary to close the lounge in the Education Building last year because of smoking there. Already this year there has been a fire in the fireproof Memorial Union Building, the one building on the campus in which smoking is permitted. The campus includes all buildings, roads, alleys, and corners within its outside boundaries, and the only place that loyal Boilermakers smoke within these limits is in the Memorial Union Building.
Halloween Ghosts^ Goblins Parade On East Side Tonight Lafayette witches, ghosts, and goblins taking part in a Halloween parade, with band music, costumes and confetti, will form at lower Ferry street at 8 o’clock tonight. The committee in charge expects a record-breaking crowd. The Legion’s “40 and 8” engine will lead the parade, and from it thousands of bags of confetti and serpentine will be distributed to the spectators. At least four bands will be in line. Costumes have arrived for the numerous grotesque figures to appear in the pamde. The costumes will be provided by the local merchants. Prizes for the best costumes will be awarded immediately after the parade. The crowd will then assemble in the Lafayette Aimiory for the masquerade ball.
Senior CE’s Return From Tour Today Seniors of the civil engineering school will return tonight from an inspection tour of the Calumet industrial district of northern Indiana, after completing a two-day trip. The seniors, with civil engineers from Notre Dame apd Rose Polytechnical Institute, visited an avenue bridge feonstruction in Gary, and Hammond’s new water filtration works. The officers of the Carnegie Illinois Steel Company mill entertained the group at a dinner at Vogel’s Fish House last night.
Chemicals Return From Field Trip Sixty-five chemical engineering seniors returned at 6:30 a. m. yesterday from a five-day field trip to Detroit, where they visited some of the city’s leading industrial plants. Professor C. L. Lovell was in charge of this trip, which has become an annual event to the seniors in chemical engineering.
Wednesday Is Deadline On Debris Proofs
Seniors who have had their pictures taken for the 1936-37 Debris, but have not yet inspected them, must do so Tuesday or Wednesday at the Debris office, J. W. VanNatta ta, business manager, announced last night.
Roe, Wright GeJ; Dad’s Day Drama Leads Other Students Chosen For Parts In Playshop Production Gaby Roe and G. H. Wright will play leading roles in “The Hairy Ape,” Eugene O’Neil comedy, to be presented by the University Playshop on November 20 and 21 in the Duncan Hall auditorium in honor of Dad’s Day, Rehearsal started Tuesday night in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. A few of the leading Thespians include: L. G. Juillard, I. G. Luthi, Thais Crepps, and D. C. Harvey. New Actors Many of these people are new to Playshop, while some will be remembered from former productions. Gaby Roe is the sister of Ada Mae Roe who was active in Playshop last year. “The Hairy Ape” is being directed by H. Kenn Carmichael, official director of dramatics. Gilbert D. Williams, official technical director, is supervising the staging.
On September 12, 1876^ the first day of that school year, when the first students of Purdue University had just become juniors, John Purdue died of apoplexy. Today, October 31, is the birthday of that merchant, trader, and politician who gave his name to the University. When the Indiana legislature decided to found a college of agriculjtu|:^and mechank arts, five other stqjte institutions tried to get the grant for it meant a substantial sum of money. John Purdue surprised them all when he offered to add $150,000 and 100 acres of land to the state grant. His offer, made with the restrictions that the University bear his name, and retain the same location, was accepted immediately, and five years later the first students entered the school.
College Poll Gives Roosevelt Lead In Popular Votes Results of the Daily Princetonian national collegiate poll, in which the Exponent collected the Purdue count, show Roosevelt leading Landon in actqal votes, but the Repubr lican candidate holds a slight advantage in electoral votes. Of 80,598 votes cast, the President received'38,977 and Landon, 35,708. The Kansan, however, held the lead in 18 states for a total of 233 electoral votes while Roosevelt held 16 states with an electoral vote of 206. 14 States Lacking Fourteen states failed to cast any ballots in this imofficial poll, and their 92 electoral college votes could easily swing the lead from one candidate to the other in such a closely contested struggle. Although the minor parties failed to garner any electoral votes, Thomas took 2,620 individual votes; Browder, 2,143; Lemke, 1,116; and 136 went to other candidates.
Under The Mirror Book not«a from the Browsing Room
CONCRETE CASTLE MURDERS By Frances Gerard This detective story is a real thriller in which some members of Chicago gangland move to England and there find themselves up against Scotland Yard. It recounts not one crime, but a series of them, in which the “grey apes” and the “Eye of Hanuman,” a jewel stolen from a god of India, add to the mystery. A bit of a love story contributes to the interest of the book for there is a lovely girl involved, and our hero, John Meredith, falls captive to her charms while he gets into difficulties and out of them in finding the solution to the mystery.
John Purdue Born 134 Years Ago Today
Roush, ’04, Gas City; George Leslie Shaw, ’07, Indiana Harbor; Samuel Tilden Squibb, ’07, Noblesville; Harry Otto Wright, ’07; Pendleton; Newton Richard Howard, Lafayette, citizen; and Patrick McClair,
Tippecanoe City, trainer.
A Monument
Purdue students, faculty, and the alumni shocked by the tragedy responded generously to a fund to be used in building a gymnasium in memory of the boys. The present Memorial Gymnasium is the monument to those worthy warriors.
Buskers Compete At Romney Today The eighth annual Tippecanoe county cornhusking contest will start at 10:30 today on the farm of Henry Rauch, near Romney. Orley Winger, three times the county champion, will defend his title against eight other contenders. A vocational students’ ^contest will be run in connection with the main event, which is being sponsored by the Tippecanoe county
Farm Bureau.
YWCA Hears Findley Rev. J. W. Findley talked to the Y. W. C. A. philosophy and religion group yesterday afternoon in the Y. W. C. A, office. Rev. Findley surveyed the various philosophies through the years, mentioning important philosophers and their so-
called schools.
Drake,
Isbell Will Lead Offense
; Cody Ishtdl To
Call Sigmds; Gift At Hidfhack
PROBABLE LINEUP
PURDUE
Position
CARNEGIE TECH
Powell
LE
JPatt
Schreyer ..
LT
Burmeister
LG
Henrion (C)
Bell (C)....
C
Misravipv'.qi
Graves
RG
Shaminko
Woltman....
RT
Kawch^
Spehn
RE
Keller
Cody Isbell.
QB
Kopczak
Medley
LH
Matelan
Drake
RH
Rosenthal
Cecil Isbell
FB
Today Marks Thirty-Third Anniversary Of1903 Wreck Recent Locker Room Tragedy Recalls Train Disaster Resulting In 13 Deaths, 30 injuries
By D. A. Bailey
Still saddened by the recent lock-er-room tragedy, the University campus today again bows its head in reverence for a group of departed football heroes. Today marks the thirty-third anniversary of the 1903 Purdue Wreck. Shortly before 10 a. m. on that Satimday 33 years ago, the first section of the Big Four line pulled out for Indianapolis. The annual Purdue- Indiana classic was played in the Washington Baseball Park in the Hoosier capital back in those days. The football team was given the place of honor in the first coach while the lucky band was seated in the second coach with the lady passengers. Nine hundred sixty-four fans were in the other 12 cars. Spirit was rimning high as a Boilermaker victory was antici-
pated.
Coal Train Looms As the train neared the outskirts of Indianapolis, the engineer, whose view had been impaired by a train on the aiding, suddenly saw a coal train bearing down on him. The engine wfis put into reverse and the emergency brake applied— but it was too late! The engine and the first coach were completely demolished. 13 dead, 30 injured! These figures tell the story.
List of Dead The dead were;
Thomas Albert Bailey, ’07, New Richmond; Joseph Collins Coates, ’06, Berwin, Penn.; Gabriel Schuyler Drollinger, ’06, LaPorte; Charles George Grube, ’06, Butler; Jay Hamilton, '06, Hpntington; Walter Daniel Hamilton, ’06, of
Beardstown, 111.; Roswell Pow- A. W. Richardson, C. E, ’34, is ell, ’06, Corpus Christi, Tex.; Wil- now employed by the C. M. St. P. bert Price, ’04, Spencer. & P. Railroad. He will work out Edward Coal Robertson, ’01, E. of the division engineer’s office at Helena, Mont.; Walter Lucas Savanna, Illinois.
Play Intersectional TOt At Pittsburgh Today
Purdue’s crippled football team invades Pittsburgh this afternoon to tackle Judge Steffen’s Carnegie Tech eleven. The Boilermakers will be hard pressed to avenge last year’s defeat at the haCnds of the Skibos, and to keep their perfect record on
eastern soil since 1925 intact. Despite the fact that the Boilermakers’ already depleted ranks have been materially weakened by the loss of Bill Vergane, sophomore right end, and Fred Stalcup, veteran left halfback, Purdue is banking on its versatile attack, built around the ground-gaining abilities of Cecil Isbell and John Drake, to keep it in
the running.
Gift To Play Half In an effort to strengthen the left halfback position, Coach Kizer has switched Wayne Gift, veteran quar-
The football team will return at the Big Four station tomorrow morning between 10 and 10:20 o’clock. Cheer leader Walt Burnell urges all organizations to have as large a delegation as possible present to welcome the team.
terback, to help Ben Medley with the left side of the backfield. Cody Isbell will take over the quarterback duties. Judging from Carnegie’s fine showing against the powerful Holy Cross team last Saturday, the Tartans are an improved ball club over last year. Coach Kizer is determined to “shoot the works” in an effort to get back into winning ways again.
Gordan Plays For Tonight’s Mixer A novel backdrop, symbolic of the coming election, has been designed for tonight’s mixer. A gray elephant and a brown donkey darkly frown at one another from under the great orange moon upon which is superimposed the traditional witch. The entire scene is laid against a black backgi’ound. Each lighted music stand is decorated with a cat, pumpkin, or hook-nosed witch in true Halloween style. Gray Gordon’s 16-piece orchestra, which comes straight from South Bend where it played an engagement last night, will feature “The Strangers,” Mary, Joe, and Marge, Gary Temple, formerly with Vincent Lopez and Henry Busse, is the vocalist.
Theta Chi Theta Chi fraternity announces the pledging of Jerome Beale, Kokomo; Anthony Ippolito, Chicago, 111,; Robert Hastings, Wabash; Andrew Place, Crown Point; William Rodney, East Orange, N. J.; Charles Fahrner, Chicago, 111.; and Frank Kuchinski, Burlington, N. J.
TO PRANKSTERS Notice is now given that any student or students who participate in rush rioting, acts of vandalism, and destruction of property during Halloween wiU be considered as ineligible for further continuance in the University. EDWARD C, ELLIOTT. President.
Morris Talks To AGP Today Exponent Heads Attend Newspaper Sessions E. Hugh Morris, managing editor
of the Exponent, will address the
Associated Collegiate Press convention this morning on the cover-
age of news.
Morris and William T. Hunt, editor of the Exponent, left Wednesday for Louisville, Ky., where the gathering is being held. The convention opened Thursday and closes today. In addition to talks by outstanding newspaper authorities, a roundtable discussion is being conducted in which the editorial and business problems of college newspaper are brought out.
Kappa Delta Rho To Present Sunday Evening Prograhi Members of the Kappa Delta Rho fraternity will present their “Amateur Show” to Memorial Union cafeteria patrons tomorrow evening at 6:30 o’clock. According to advance information from the Kappa Delta Rho house last night, the half hour entertainment, the first Sunday evening program of the year, wUl (insist of a pantomime basebaU game and a barn dance with ptmi^ of harmonica music, songs, and &neing.
Union Show Tests , Continue Today ' All students interested in trying out for the Union Thanksgiving Show who have not yet done so, may secure an audition by reporting to the Memorial Union ballroom at 4 o’clock Monday eveniiig. Union vice-presidents Stallings and Perkins urge dancers, especially men also able to sing, to report for this tryout, as this program is planned for finding latent for the annual spring production.
Cloudy 8b Rain
By Tempy Ebdwnent We«th«ir Ifous* My private “hauntee,” the editor of this rag, was in LouisviRe last night, so I had free run of the office. I was having a great time drinking the paste and chewing the points off his big blue pencihb until my tail began to droop and my sunny disposition entir^ disappeared. Well, you «dl know that it’s cloudy when l^e sun goes away* so the weather just has to he that way tomorrow. Inspecting the tip end of ney barometric appenctege, T find it is aU wet, which undoubtedly means tala for Sunday dinnot.M's
f - jT
‘Sy ;i?!ri>w»"y.;'i'i!a;- "a, -I ,V,' IL ' t t ,•'('' t f I '■
'5TT V(' // ''1.4
S| J,i Ih
^1
Pigel'wo
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, October 31,193ff
Boilermaker Spirit
The response that has been made bjr the University student body to the revival of the “no smoking tradition proves^that “Boilermaker spirit exists even when no fo^ball games and pep sessions summon it up. „ ^ Smokers are, admittedly making a small sacrifice in refraining from smoking on the campus. Perhaps on grounds of pure logic, they could find no inaterial reason to desist. One of the greatest objections to the traditions was i-aised by smokers who can see nothing but material things and objective reasoning. However, the majority of the smokers have refrained from smoking on the campus because of some motive that cannot be described by a language nor explained by a science. They have stopped smoldng on the campus out of respects, allegiance, spirit. They have agred to uphold this tradition in spite of the small personal discomfort they may suffer by doing so, because they are more than just college stu(jents—^they are Boilermakers and have the true
“Boilermaker spirit.”—J. E. B.
And Yet We Read It
Present day periodical fiction presents to the American reader a sorry type of literature. The more popular magazines contain stories, which, though they have a certain charm, yet are shallow to the utmost. There is nothing deep, nothing lasting, or nothing real about them, and a certain cynicism seems to permeate them all. Other periodicals of a less popular nature, which claim in one way or another to present the cream of modern day fiction to a more or less sophisticated group of readers, may perhaps not be called shallow, but the fiction they contain has no charm at all and the cynicism and sordidness in them seems to be their major pride. True, these stories present plot construction that is very clever, very new, very different, but it is a question whether or not even such advancement as they show in this line can make up for the damage they are doing to American literary tastes. Cynicism sems to be the theme of America now, and it is only natural that this should be demonstrated in its current fiction, which however, seems to exploit this theme for its own personal gain, calling unlettered those who are disgusted by its cheapness, its sordidness, its evil. It is not that a happy ending or a rosy theme is desirable in more than the spiritual uplift it brings. A venal setting may be an excellent setting for a very fine story, but not if the meanness and misery of it is made the important part. It is only when the avariciousness and cruelty of modem society is expanded and enlarged upon so as to present an unwholesomely warped (and warping) picture, that the reader has real cause to object. However, we need not read this or nothing. There are still published in America some magazines that have withstood the attacks and corrupting influences of their prostituted sister publications. They may present society as it is. They may show the meanness of life. But they do it for the sake of the story, not for the sorry spectacle itself. They are not ballyhooed. Their circulation is not immense. But .year after year, while others are changing with the times, they present to those of the American public who really discriminate in their choice of literature, a uniformity of excellence. They are the solution to our reading problem.—J. E. B.
Why Continue A Farce?
A large number of University social organizations are violating the University rule which prohibits payment of more than seventy dollars for the services of a campus band. Apparently, two reasons may be assigned for the necessity of paying above the stipulated price. In the first place, the general level of prices recently has been rising. Secondly, campus bands have adopted the custom of paying agents a commission for booking engagements, thereby rais-
HDht $urliue exponent Founded in 1883 1936 Member 1937 f^socieded G3tte6iate Press Distributors of Cblle6iQteDi6est Member of National College Press Assoeiation, Big Ten Editorial Association UBPRESENTCD FOR NATIONAI. ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative - 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO - Boston - san Francisco Uos ANGELES - Portland • Seattle Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $3.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2,60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents. MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6038 Editorial Phone 6087 Daily Student Publication of Purdue University EDITORIAL STAFF Editor-in-Cbief —W. T. Hunt Managing Editor —-E. H. Morris Associate Editors K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, B. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler SPORTS STAFF Sports Editor.. ..._ L. D. Wood Awoedate Sports Editors .. W. H. Fifield, S. R. Griffiths, B. F. Obenchain BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager. ^ -,...B. J. Hulse National Advertising Manager. L. H. Brown Loisal Adverting Mamg«r„„ D. C. Miller Oizenliition Manager J. P. Girard WOMEN'S STAFF " Editor.. - Helen Creech Advertising Manager Betty Barnett AAKieiateEditor* .... Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Eliaabeth Pyke lasne EdittHr-—H. 1. Stanbsdk.
ing the price still further. The necessity for meeting this increased price gives rise to a situation where campus groups must file false reports in the dean of women’s office as to the amount being paid for the band. These groups then must either flagrantly violate the rule by paying more for the band outright or evasively take care of the matter by paying in two “installments.” It would appear that three solutions to the problem present themselves. Bands might cut their prices to comply with the ruling, but this possibly would inflict hardship on entertainers. Aggressive action by the Interfraternity and Panhellenic coxmcils either to raise the amount allowed or force the bands to play for seventy dollars probably would get results. A third method might provide for direct booking through orchestra leaders rather than agents, although this would still not lower the total cost of the band, in most cases, to the maximum allowed. At any rate, it appears farcial to continue under the present system.—Indiana Daily Student.
Class Attendance
Some discussion has been provoked over a premise in the editorial of last week which read as follows: “Class room technique of teachers would have to be improved in order to attract seniors to class. This improvement would spread itself into the lower division and alleviate one of the more serious problems of the campus.” By class room technique is meant the manner in which the instructor is able to “put across” to his students the meaning of a particular course, using his personality, his own embellishments, and his peculiar technique, as opposed to a dry rehashing of the contents of a text book. In institutions where the optional class attendance system has been successfully put into practice, it has been found that the professor noted for his inability to keep students interested, and therefore, his inability to teach a course, suffered a decrease in prestige when students refused to attend his classes. In this way, the professor either was forced to change his methods, putting new vigor into his class work or resign his position at the institution. Harsh? There may be some disagreement as to that, but it must be admitted that if a teacher cannot attract and hold the interest of students in his field, no matter what it may be, he should forego his right as a teacher and turn to experimentation or research or some other work to whicl) he would be more adapted. At any rate, it is unfair to students to impose upon them a teacher who year after year proves to be unable to conduct a course satisfactorily. Likewise, those teachers whose subjects are open to lower division students would feel the renewed vitality which, as has been said before, of necessity would come about. The Kernel feels that keeping instructors on their toes, so to speak, constitutes one of the major academic problems at the University, and many of the administration will concur in this. It also believes that the best way to overcome this problem would be to put into immediate effect the optional class attendance system for seniors. —^Kentucky Kernel.
The whole male portion of the campus is determined that DePauw will be the next stop—^the cause is Theta ROSEMARY TULLY who hails from said campus. — PHI DELT GENE ANDERSON is the lucicy boy for the week-end—^TOM-MY GRAHAM is fighting a strong battle but lost this week-end—^there is a possibility that she may come to PURDUE next semester, so treat her nice, boys . . . the dope says that ANDERSON isn’t head man so there’s still a chance for the rest of us ... .
She passed, I saw and smiled. She turned and smiled An answer to my smile. I wonder if she, too, could know Her slip Hung down a mile? —Colorado U. Paper.
“Mr. Fish” MINER is still trying hard to conquer the odds which MEM DECKER’S little brother TOM gave to him a couple of weeks ago—“They’re All Fish To Me” Decker is rather conceited about her charms when she can gh round telling her little brother which of her b. f.’s were playing fish . . . Theta KELSAY is importing for the Theta dance tonight—she’s trying to get even with Delt JACK JENKINS, who imported on her last Saturday night after she had taken him to Gold Diggers on Friday night . . .
Just a little lipstick, Just a little paint. Makes a pretty woman Out of one that ain’t! —Overheard.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
That’s all I get from you guys—^trouble!”
ever present individuals who continually “Throw the Bull.” . , . To Ditch—something that often happens to a person on a blind date .... A Blind Date—an engagement contracted between boy and girl which is usually a big mistake . . . A Chaperone—an unwanted person whom the dean requires the presence of . . .
Exert Suffrage Privilege
Students of the junior and senior classes of the university have the opportunity this week-end to choose president and vice president of their respective groups. Of the hundreds of eligible voters only a negligible group in previous elections have exercised their voting franchise. It is a standing complaint that the class officers lack efficiency and initiative. Complain, it seems, is all the would-be voters do. We, of the university, will be the integral part of our American democratic system in but too few years to come. If we don’t form the habit of choosing wis'ely those who represent us and those who make and enforce our laws while we are otherwise being educated, we shall prove lethargic Americans in the future. Remember—this week-end—^the student elections and exert your suffrage privilege.—Cincinnati News Record.
FLASH!—Kappa PAINTER and KARL MUELLER were at Triadi together last night—an old romance with no kisses ? ? ?—^this reminds us of the old saying: “If at first you don’t succeed, try, try again, and so forth” . . .the laugh of the season must have occurred the other evening when Theta DAUGHERTY, of all people on this campiis, bawled ont one of the Theta frosh for being man-crazy—^not that ANN isn’t such, not—much ...
The Delts had a big contest in their house Thursday eve—DAN ROYHANS won by a head— ask him about it ... Pi Phi “Little” BLOW is now a member of date breakers* club—^there was no excuse given this time ... those who didn’t have dates with waitresses for the SAE Dance last Saturday
DEFINITIONS Cracking a book—^the act of indulging in the lost art of studying. To Hook—^the unmerciful handling of a man who has fallen victim to a woman’s charms . . . A Spree—^is something that one goes on and suffers for the next day .... A Spanish Athlete—one of these
Id My Opinion
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responstbility jor the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
Worthy Projects
The federal government, particularly the department of agriculture, has often been criticized for many of the projects which it carries on as an aid to the citizens. The research on the love life of a frog, which was given a lot of publicity a few years ago, is a good example. To the average citizen, such a study might seem usless and wasteful. But to a certain group, in this instance the frog farmers, this bit of work might have been extremely valuable. It is the same with many other projects; they help only a small group. The real problem is how to help enough small groups so that everybody is aided toward the more abundant life. Unthinking criticism of these projects can do no good. Of course those people who hold to the idea that the government should keep its nose out of private business even if the government only wants to give assistance, are privileged to conscientiously rail at all projects. But those who concede that a government should render all assistance possible should not condemn any piece of work at first sight.
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Government. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
SUNDAY - MONDAY
¥
ALICE FAYE 1 ADOLPHEMENJOU
TED HEAIY
GREGORY RATOFF . ^ PATSY KELLY
MICHAEL WHALEN
RITZ
brothers
LAST TIMES TODAY BUCK JONES «BOSS RIDER OF GUN CREEK”
— and •
‘TOGBOAT PRINCESS”
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO
Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette''
I
night had dates with Pi Phi’s , . . Alpha fuzzie HARRIET BILLINGS and Kappa Sig JOE BRADFORD are going through the stage of hand holding, etc.—^will there be a pin announcement soon ? ? . . ,
MARS DOIT The passes may be claimed at the UNION desk after twelve noon today by the artist “BLOCK and TACKLE”—^in order to win the double passes, BLOCK and TAC(Continued on page 4)
DO YOU DANCE?
Why Not Enroll in Our November Classes?
BEGINNER’S Wed., Nov. 11, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED Friday, Nov. 13, 7:30 P. M. Phone 2150
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
“PUP'S PICNIC” CARTOON IN COLOR COMEDY
Final Today
EDMUND LOWE GLORIA STUART “The Girl on the Fr<«it Page”
Starts TOMORROW
MARS
4Sfttitrdfty, Qctobey 81,10S6
THE THHDtJE EXPONENT
All America Ratings By CHRISTY WALSH Member All-America Board of Football
A player meets his severest test when he faces major opposition and consequently he can not be properly appraised against opponents that are decidedly weaker or where the outcome is a rout. Such top-heavy scolres as prevailed Saturday at New Haven, Cambridge, Hamilton, Syracuse, and West Point do not subject a player to exacting competition, and ordinarily players in such games will not receive a rating. There are exceptions, such as as Minnesota-Purdue and Pitts-burgh-Notre Dame where the score is tmeven, but where the losers are at least potential leaders. The following players who received Cards of Merit from the All - America Board this week have been selected from both types of games described above; GOLDBERG. PUtsburgrh. Halfback. Seventeen newspaper writers, mostly ont-of-towners, picked Goldberg as the dominating factor in cmsbing Notre Dame, and Warren Brown, Chicago Herald-Examiner, condenses it to this: “The presence of that terrific Cioldberg spelled the difference between a close score and a lop-sided defeat.” For an 18 year old sophomore, he rates the best halfliack of the current season. SCHINDLER. Southern California Quarterback. Another sophomore runs wild I With the veteran Dame Davis on the doctor’s list, Schindler proved himself the victory factor over Stanford He averaged 5 yards every time he carried the ball. And his general-, ship was excellent. Sid Ziff, Los Angeles Herald Express, wires: “Schindler’s highknee action definitely established him as one of the most aggressive ball-carriers seen on the coast in several seasons.” FRANCO. Fordham. Guard. Glenn S. Warner scouted Fordham-St. Mary’s game in person because he collides with Mr. Madigan, at San Francisco, December 5. Temple’s head coach reports: “I nominate Franco for All America Ratings!” Ftanco should be proud of that blunt, seven-word citation, coming from a great mentor who has been scrutinizing star players for over 30 years. ANTTL. Minnesota. End. Noble Kizer telephones from Indiana, that this rugged, rangy epd was the best man in the Minnesota line, against Purdue. Shrewd, calcu-
Faciilty^ Varsity Cross Racquets A match between the faculty and varsity squash squads will be played at 2:30 this afternoon at the varsity courts located at 211 North 8th street. Director M. L. Clevett invites all those interested in witnessing this match to attend. The following matches will be played: Allen vs. Lucek; Labree vs. Fields; Fowler vs. Wakefield; Clevett vs. Sokolowski; Knoll vs. Noel; Knrr vs. Jackson; and Tzucker vs. June.
Seniors Defeat Sophs In Co-ed Hoekey Tilt Senior co-eds defeated the sophomore Browps in hockey yesterday afternoon by a 7 to 0 score. Betty Arnold, Regina Kelly, and Martha Walker scored the goals.
lating pass receiver and an iron-man on defense. Says Coach Kizer: “He broke up our best plays, every time we showed a sign of clicking.” SZUR. Canisius College. Fullback. “Best kicker I’ve seen in the east in five seasons,” reports Bob Stedler, Buffalo News. Investigation diafcloaes Szur has averaged 44.5 yards per punt, and is an artist at quickkicking. He has not had a kick blocked in two years. Incidentally, this ball-carrying captain has averaged 5.9 yards per game. MERCHANT. Loyola (New Orleans) Center Head- coach Frank Thomas, Alabama, wires as follows: “Merchant is the best center Alabama has faced this year.” bSilsome praise indeed and a guarantee of consideration by ’Thomas and his All America associates, when they pick the team for 1986. Merchant weighs 205 iiounds, is a fine captain, and strong in all phases of center play. BUIVID. Marquette. Halfback. “Heartily recommend Bnivid for Card of Merit,” wires Ronald McIntyre, Milwaukee Sentinel, after the defeat of Michigan State. McIntyre adds —“This bOy is undoubtedly the best passer in college ball; a fine runner, blocker and defensive man.” His two touchdown passes defeated Michigan State. KILGORE. Auburn. Fullback “1 never saw a fullback have a greater day than Kilgore against Georgia,” wires the veteran Zipp Newman, Birmingham News. He drove the ball 198 yards, 62 yards more than was gained by the opposing team. He was loose and fast in the open, blocked savagely and did a great job against passes. RYAN. Utah Aggies* Halfback. In his team^s first victory over Utah in 11 years, this 190 pound pile-driver, ripped off a dozen gains between 10 and 33 yards each. His punting was sensational and kept Utah on its heels. “Ryan is clearly the best backfield man in the Rockies,” wires Bob Goodcll, Salt Lake Tribune. . SANDBACH Princeton. Quarterback. The great victory over Navy may never have been accomplished without the amazing open-field running of Jack White, but in the final analysis it was the initiative and maneuvering of signal-caller Sandbach that kept Princeton keyed to a winning complex and converted the running of White and the punting of Kaufman into winning points Sandbach gets the Card of Merit. Copyright, 1936
George E.Weigle
Republican Candidate for Prosecuting Attorney Machine No. 28 PLATFORM: Economical administration of the office—no Special Prosecutors at the taxpayers’ expense. Speedy indictment and trial of criminal offenders. An impartial enforcement of the law without favoritism or obligations to anyone, and the rights of all protected. QUAUFICATIONS: Graduate of Jefferson High School, Purdue University ex’26, George Washington University, L.L.B. ’29. EXPERIENCE: Admitted to practice in the District of Columbia and Supreme Court of the State of Indiana Practice of law in Lafayette for seven years. —Politual^dy.
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
641 Main St., Lafayette
A poor job of dry cleaning is not cheap at any price. . . . You buy good clothes and the cleaning of them is a big faaor in keeping them good. . . . We guarantee our work and solicit your patronage.
PHONE 3085
American Laundry
Directs Boilermakers At Pittsburgh today
Noble Kizer, head football coach, will lead the Boilermakers today in an attempt to avenge last year’s defeat at the hands of Carnegie Tech.
ielder’s.... ’...choice t>-wBy Bob Walpole
The Boilermaker eleven is in Pittsburgh this morning preparing for their second consecutive “tough” game ... Carnegie Tech will match inch for inch with Purdue this afternoon, but the Boilermakers are going into the fray with their eyes open . .. —^fc— Somewhat set back by the result of injuries sustained in the Maroon game two weeks ago, which were further aggravated last Saturday against the Gophers, Purdue will face the Tartans with but two things in mind ... they have forgotten the Minnesota game ... they are going to gain revenge over last season’s surprising Tartan victory that certainly spoiled a perfectly good homecoming .... —fc— Some other games this week-end ... we have been surprised and a bit humiliated at the outcome of most of our predictions ... we would hate^l^b^gure our average . .. per-* haps you have, but don’t tell us please .. . —fc— Chicago at Wisconsin . . . the Badgers by seven points . . . Purdue has played both teams, and unless Chicago has improved a great deal since we saw them in action, the above result should be the outcome ... if Jankowski is in the lineup for Wisconsin, the score will probably be more .. . —fc— Hlineis at Michigan ... Michigan by seven points .. . why? . .. well, we just don’t know, but; we will play this hunch .... —fc— Iowa at Indiana ... the Hoosiers to win by two touchdowns ... Indiana is anxious to get back on the win side of the column after two week-end losses... Iowa hasn’t lived up to pre-season expectations ... —^fc— Minnesota at Northwestern . . . here is a swell game that will have the eyes of the nation centered upon it.. . the winner of the Conference and probably the national championship will be the result. .. both teams are undefeated, but we pick the Gophers by 10 to 14 points .... Minnesota has a wealth of reserve material . . . Northwestern hasn’t... —^fc— Ohio State at Notre Dame . . . we say, with fingers crossed, a Buckeye victory by a slim margin . . . another game witli two evenly matched teams . .
All-Campus Badminton Matches Open Monday All-campus badminton tourneys will start Monday at 7 p. m, and will continue uptil 9 p. m. Play will continue through to Thursday evening. There are three courts available, two in the Memorial Gym, and one out of doors. Equipment will be furnished by the Intramural Department. All matches will be won by the best two out of three games. Winners of first and second places will be given gold and silver medals respectively.
Beat Indiana Bo McMiUin Picks Iowa To StiU Undecided On Lineup For Today Bloomington, Oct. 30—Indiana’s football coach, Bo McMillin, is in a quandary. Practically on the eve of the annual Homecoming game here tomorrow with Iowa, Bo still is in doubt as to what men he will have available for the kickoff. Consequently, he rates Iowa as a pre-game favorite for the tussle. Only Glad News The only cheering news of the week, according to Bo, is the information that Don Heistand, hard running halfback who-was injured in the opening game of the season, will be available for service this weekend. Injuries Weaken Hoosiers Indiana has yet to enter a game at top strength this season, and tomorrow will be no exception. But the Hoosiers probably will be in better condition than they were for the Ohio State contest. Although the forward wall has been weakened by the loss of Capt. Chris Dal Sasso, tackle; Richard Zoll, his replacement, has shown improvement this week. Willie Stooge” Dileo, who was on the sidelines last week, also will be ready to play if necessary, at the difficult “fifth back” position.
ADULT DANCING CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S Wed., Nov. 11, 7:30 P. M. Waltz and Fox Trot Phone 2150 ADVANCED Friday, Nov. 13, 7:30 P. M. Latest Dances Tanght ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
ARC Midnight Show Tonight SUNDAY - MONDAY
Julius Caesar was an ardent fan of football games held in Rome during his time.
ftCalnadilaPletaro -r-AIso — MARCH OF TIME - CARTOON 16c Double Feature 15c
BoflermakerBeesWfli Meet Illinois Restfves In Stadinm Today While Purdue’s varsRy is tiMltling Carnegie Tech at Pittsburgh in an intersectional contest IdcBl football followers will Jbe inovided with plenty of gridiron exdtemeiti in the Ross-Ade stadinm this afternoon at 2 o’clock as the Bolfermaker Bees tackle the Illinois reserves in a regulation battle. The Lafayette Chamber of Commerce is cooperating with the Purdue Athletic Department in staging the game, and has issued invitations to all high school students in the Lafayette tradHag area to attend as its guests. High School Visitors Among the high schools that have already accepted the invitation are those in New Richmond, Pine Village, Rejmolds^ Camden, Rossville, Fowler, Montieello, Buck Creek, Crawfordsville, Boswell, Colfax, Frankfort, Battle Ground, Lebanon, Montmorenci, Dasrton, Hillsboro, and numerous other communities. All of the high school g;uesln at the game are being invited to remain in Lafayette for the evening’s Mardi Gras celebration spon-
sored hf the retsU dltibiou of fho Lafayotto Chdunber of Commett^ lliiwds Yory I The Boilennaker eleven will hi striving to obtain revenge for a 12 to 0 defeat suffered at Champaign earlier in the season, llliimis wM present a strong lineap, with WehrB, who caught a pass to score against Southern California, as ita outstanding star.
COLD A BLACK MONDAT, nOVEMBBK 2 Frseifee gamt0 math md InOnmuxl WtOd Aiaeto m Het* OHJebd, Greay, DcRa Sfigns La»M» vz. Delta Upaikm. Qfflcial, Abell. Kaiva Delta Rho vn. Pbt Ddta Tbeta. Offieial, Cbapnan. Phi KaraHTsignia n. Delta CHL OOieha, Caporaaa 'Fba Epeilon Phi m ‘Taa Kiwpa Rpsiloii. Offietel, Qpeiiiaer. TOUCHBALL GAMES MONDAY, NOYEMBRR 2 Field 1— ^Phi Sigma Kappa va. Fhi Gamma. Ddta. Offieial, Bamflton. 2— ^Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Sigma Alpha E^ silon. Ofleial, Kerber. 3— ^Pi K^pa Alpha va. Pizathon. Official, Mangas. 4— Phi Pi Phi vs. Phi Kappa Tan. Official, Btqrer. 5— Sigma Na vs. Phi Kappa FSi. OiHeial, Bzdnk. 6— ^nieta Xi vs. Triangle Official, Gaollte 7— Sigma Alpha Mn va. Alpha Taa Omega. Offieial, Martin. 8— ^Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Phi ^veUen. Official, Beck.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
’Nobody ever complained aboutmy erngins when 1 was in the • night eh^bB!” >• >
WAS TH1| COCK OF THE WALK! -uadi she trinmied him down! Hellion^t be was smart when be smote tbe town's buskies on the jaw bone — but SHE made a donkey out o£ him I
A PICTURB AS BIO AS THE STAR . . ,
mflcniFiCEnT bruteV BINNIE BARNES W li t IA M HALL JEAN DIXON
LaatTimea Ikdar ROBERT TQUKO in “Sworn Enemy** — and— RICARDO CORTEZ “Case of the Black Gal
Starts TOBIOBROW
LUMA
f V
■fj "-;7?sr'rtgf 4T(^-«« ,i‘^’ w" ^‘'f,' ■5fs’-Sf>fj^'-
/
1V
Page Four
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, October 31> 1936
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines, C. F. EbershofF, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Sale—Roll top office desk $10, 2 adjustable metal desk chairs each $2.50. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
F«Mr R«it — Garage, comer of Fifth and Waldron. Phone 61411.
Passengers Wanted — For Fordham game. Leave Thursday afternoon. Plymouth Sedan. Call 46091.
NOTICES
No notices accepted after S p. m.
Playshop Ticket Salesmen—All unsold season tickets must be returned. —RUSSELL.
Conditional Examination For CE 22— Will be given in room 801 of the Civil Engineering Building from 1 to 4 p. m. Saturday, December 5, 1936. Please consult instructor well in advance. —SORESON.
—who wear hand.^knits of velvety yams. They must receive the most careful attention in their cleaning to retain their beauty Crown has special equipment for blocking and refinishing hand'-knits and boucles.
W. A. A. Hike—^All girls interested meet at the Women’s Gym Saturday, October 31, at 2 o’clock. —DOBSON.
N. Y. A.—Checks for period ending October 10 are now available at the cashier’s office. University Hall. —HOLLENSBEE.
Indepependent Student—^You may sign up for membership in the Purdue_ Independent Association at the desk in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building between 11 a. m. and 1 p. m. or 4 and 6 p. m. —PARKHURST.
Christian Science Organization—Regular meeting in room A Novembei 3 and 7 p m. —WILLS
W. A. A. Rlflery—November 2, 6 p m , Ward 4; 6 ;4B, Ward 1,7 :30, Women’s Residence Hall, 8:15, Ward 3. -RITCHEY
Union Workers—Our committees will meet in Union workshop at 1 p m October 31 —WIEGANDT, PFORZHEIMER
Reamer Club—Meeting November 2 at 8 p. m. in room 2 of the Memorial Union Building. All actives and pledges are urged to be present. —BUXTON
Phi Lambda Upsilon—Informal initiation will be held November 13 in room 320 of the Chemistry Building The initiation banquet will be at 7 o’clock November 17 at Wheel■er’s over in Lafayette Formal initiation will precede the banquet —SLESSER
rTTV^KESON THE AVERA6E 24 FEEt' TD STOP A CAR GOlHCr 20 MILES AN HOUR —97 FEET TO STOP A CAR GOINO 40 MILES AN HOUR -?AND 152 FEET TO STOP A CAR GOING 50 MILES AN HOUR.
MALCOLM CAMPBELL IN A RECENT magazine article SAYS FIFTY MILES AN HOUR IS FAST ENOUGH FOR ME—HE HAS DRIVEN HIS RACING CARAT THE RATE. OF 300 MILES AN HOUR WHY MUST YOU GO FAST ?
W. A. A. Archery—Open piactice November 2, at 4 p. m. Three practices are required to enter tournament. —BOEHM.
Independents—^Tune Shop rehearsal November 2 at 9 p. m. in tower room. Important. —WHITE
Football Managers—All report to gym at 12 :45 p. m. October 31, and at 9:30 a m. November 1. —MAISH.
Lafayette Hockey Club—Game October 31 at 11 a. m. sharp —BRADY
Speedball—Game between Go-getters and Speedettes at 4 o’clock November 2. No 11 o’clock class. —ELLIS.
SCHOMER’S Radio Service 218 N. 8th Phone 4958
Rent A Car for the Evening
ROGERS GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
TIm thlnkiBK fellow coUa A YELLOW V-S FORD TAXI CAB Blade Cars for Speeiol Occaaiona ZSe per paaaenger any part af ttie city 5023 PHONES 3171 YELLOW CAB CO.
Scabbard and Blade—^Pledges and active members are expected to attend the formal pledging in formal uniform at 4:15 p. m. November 3, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. —MILNER.
W. A. A. Hockey—Seniors vs. freshman Orange team at 4 p. m. November 2. —THOMPSON.
Union Workers—Our committees will meet in workshop October 31 at 1 p. m. Important —SHEETZ, PUTZE
Union Workers—Our committees will meet in workshop November 2 at 4 p. m. —SHEETZ, PUTZE.
Thanksgiving Show—^Those who have not reported fpr tryouts for Union Thanksgiving show please, come to the ballroom at 4 p. m. November 2. —STALLINGS.
Union Workers—^My committee report to Union cafeteria November 1 at 3 p. m. —RIETH.
Virginia C. Meredith Club—^Ali committees meet in room 108 of the Home Economics Building at 4 p. m. November 2. —MURPHY.
Radio Stage Group Goes On Air Today
“The Search For Sleep,” a stirring drama dealing with the discovery of ether as an anaesthetic, will be broadcast today over WBAA at 1 o’clock by the Radio Stage organization of the Purdue Independent Association. The play relates how Dr. Morton first tried the use of ether on his pet dog. Successful in his first attempt, Dr. Morton searched for some human volunteer, but he finally locked himself up in his laboratory and etherized himself. His recovery proved to the world the value of ether. The cast includes James Ludberg, as Dr. Morton, L. R. Orton, as his friend, and Virginia Griffin, as the dpetor’s wife.
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
Miss CooRdge Is HI
Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women, has been confined to the St. Elizabeth hospital for observation since Wednesday. After a few days rest Miss Coolidge will resume her duties.
No Flowery Talk! No False Promises! No Leaks!
If You Have
A. W. WERKHOFF
DO YOUR PLUMBING AND HEATING
We Do Your Neighbors* Why Not Yours? Get Stwage Heaters, 20 Gallon Capacity, at $40.00 Come Up and See Me Sometime 914 Main St. Phones; Office 6987; Res. 7863
To My Friends in PURDUE
A Vote for Me Will Help Keep My Two Boys m PURDUE J. RALPH FISHER
REPUBLICAN CANDIDATE For Re-election as
SHERIFF
TIPPECANOE COUNTY Machine No. 32B
Today Football: Purdue vs. Carnegie Tech at Pitsburgh. B team football: Purdue vs. Illinois in the Ross-Ade stadium. Tomorrow Kappa Delta Rho Sunday evening supper program in the Memorial Union cafeteria at 6:30 p. m. Monday American Society of Plant Phy Biologist’s dinner meeting in the fac ulty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 6:30 p. m. Forestry Club meeting in room 109 Horticulture Building at 7 p. m Industrial education men’s meeting in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops at 7 p. m. Tuesday Convocation: Kryl Symphony Orchestra in Memorial Gymnasium at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday Purdue Women’s Club fashion show in the Memorial Union Ballroom at 2:30 p. m. Music forum in the Memorial Un ion Building at 7:30 p. m. Thursday Co-ed Lodde speech contest in room 301 of University Hall at 4 and 7 p. m.
B and B
KLE, please bring a piece of paper similar to the paper upon which you wrote your contrib—^in the future if you hand in other doit or contribs please sign said material..
There are a certain group of fellows on the campus who have put out their pins, but haven't put out the traditional cigars for their brotherhoods—Betas BANKER and KRAUSE; SAE’s STROM and KLEPPER are notorious offenders —what’s the matter, boys, aren’t the girls worth the price of a cheap cigar—^more later if this doesn’t suffice....
Theta Chi fraternity will hold a pledge dance this evening from 9 to 12 o’clock with Jack Nichols and his nine-piece orchestra playing in the pumpkin-bedecked • chapter house.
Alpha Xi Delta co-eds will be the guests of Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity at a Halloween party and dance in the TKE house this evening at 6:16.
The American Commons Club is giving a Halloween pledge dance in the chapter house at 9 this evening.
Phi Kappa fraternity will hold its annual pledge dance tonight at the chapter house from 9 until 12 o’clock. Bud Bryant and his campus orchestra will play for the closed affair. Chaperones include Dean and Mrs. C. B. Jordan, Captain and Mrs. W. L. Kay, Captain and Mrs. E. J. Murphy, Mr. and Mrs. M. T. Ricks, Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Wellman, and T. J. Munger.
Dr. Graves To Lead Study Of Symphony
Dr. G. H. Graves will be in charge of a music group for the study of a symphony Tuesday evening at 7 o’clock in the new music room of the Memorial Union Building. The meeting will be over in time for those present to attend the Kryl Symphony Concert. Symphonic composers will be studied in historic order and their compo’sitions reviewed by phonograph records.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
J. M. Howard, graduate from the civil engineering school in 1936, has accepted a position as detailer with the Indiana Steel Company at Indiana Harbor. He was formerly employed as an engineer with the Pennsylvania highway department.
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, dssk locks, nifht Istehes and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a spo- , cislty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 2Q9-11 North Fifth Street Phone 282S Lafsyette, Ind.
JSUDDEN ^RVICE
RINTING, Offkw tWhNHfy.P VoddUai InvilsHoas
PHONE itfst Soolii,Elc...» S62 9 CASSEL'S 40EWRR)P
P I
I
imesi By Olive Schatzlev
Methodist Students: The semiannual breakfast for co-eds will be held at the Foundation House Sunday morning at 8 o’clock. The men’s class will meet as usual at the church at 9:30. T. K. Noss of the University education department will talk on “Christian Issues Of The Election.”
The regular church service will be at the church at 10:40. The fellowship hour and supper will start at 5 o’clock. The subject at Epworth League will be the same as the Sunday school class and will be led by the Rev. McFadden, A peace play entitled “Brothers” will be presented at the evening church service.
Baptist Students: At the Sunday morning services new students will receive the right hand of fellowship, signifying their desire to become student members of the church. Tomorrow night at 6:30 the juniors will have charge of the sdcial hour and lunch. Charles Cox will lead the discussion group. The group will begin a series of discussions on “World Peace.” For the evening service a program of hymns, a girls’ chorus, and several solos have been planned.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor i 507 Main St.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist
119 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPO JN ENT
John Sperb
Hardware, Paint and Class
Special Prices to Fraternities and Sororities
o
822-824 Main Street LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
FLOWERS
on
display
9
in celebration of
of our newly redecorated and remodeled
52-7 Main
52-7 Main
A FLOWER TO EACH LADY