( I i i
f "'■ U,; ■‘ tj ,1', \ ’/(' . >•; ' „ V' j ' '
.' <f}’'
=\
‘ ’ t ^ / '\ > jt ,1 !
ff‘'
'" >/'
MERRY-GO-ROUND Finds FBI On Trail Of Lead I Company
EDtT ARPRECIATEI Helping Hand In Time Of Need
Established 1889
Ouch! My Sunburn!
Volume 56, No. 14
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, May 29, I94^i
Exponent Board Elects Mary Dilts Business Manager
Bampfon, Soprano Convojp Feature Johnson
J" I I ^ J study will qualify the trainee in Memorial Day Service tor Local Loeds !"!5—y/orship Convo
Mai'y Dilts, the Accouhts Manager on the Exponent, has been appointed as the paper’s new Business Manager. She is a- member of thfe Alpha Chi Omega sorority and
a junior
School.
To Appear Friday
Opera Star Will Sing In Music Hall; Doors To Open At 6:45
Second in the series of summer term lectures and convoca-
Students To Receive Six Months Training
of study will qualify the trainee in one of several fields in aeronautical I engineering including designing and drafting, testing and developing, vibration, chemistry and metal
The Hamilton Standard Propel-
Ai oAAAAAxuij, cAiixi ,. * IT 1. i. j 4. * j 4- fT oA * 4 1 Ti/T ‘ Divislou of United Aircraft 0ncrineerinGf aides the Home Economics f presented next Friday at 7:30 p. m. in the Music Corporation, of Connecticut has an’Hall vi’ith the appearance of Rose Bampton, dramatic soprano nounced the establishment of air- Trainees To Earn $140
Editorial Board last Tuesday. The appointment of Miss Dilts as Business Manager is a continuation of the recent trend on the paper for girls to take over many of the jobs
formerly held by eds.
Demonstrations,
Speeches End
H. E. Conference
. . . B.S.E.E.-’19, M.S.E.E.-’22, has been elected chairman of the Edison Electric Institute committee on post-war planning. Thueik, a well-known Utility man, is president of Bradford Electric, and has been active in the Electric institute
for a number of years.
This one of the ‘few times in the of the Metropolitan Opera Company,
Expoheht’s history that a junior Miss Bampton, bom in Cleveland, spent the first years of her has held a senior position on the Buffalo. She studied voice and repertoire at the Curtis
paper and one of the second time , i ^
in recent years that a woman has Institute of Music, where for served as Business Manager. The five years she was a scholar- H. C. Thuerk
appointment was made at a special ship pupil. )Vhlle engaged as meeting of the Exponent Senior a member of the Nbw York
Chautauqua Opera Association in 1929 she made her first public success; soon after she was selected as soloist for the Worchester Festival, which performance led her to a three season engagement with the Philadelphia
Grand Opera Company.
She then appeared in various performances with Leopold Stokowski and the Philadelphia Orchestra. In the Spring of 1932 at the American premiere of Schoenberg’s “Gurrelieder” under Stokowski, she took the part of the Wood Dove in Philadelphia and New Yoik. Sevei’al months later, on her 23rd birthday. Rose Bampton made her Metropolitan Opera debut in “La Gioconda” and has completed qight successful
years with this group. Receives Training In U. S.
craft scholarships at the Pennsyl- Upon completion of either of the viania State College. Women be- training programs, the trainees tween t^e ages of 18 to 35, either agree to our having a one year op
Tomorrow morning at 10:30 in the Music Hall, the regular
lurgy and aerodynamics. Six University Convocation for Worship will feature Lt. F. T. months courses will qualify the re- Johnson, Chaplain of the Great Lakes Naval Training Station, cipients as either draftsmen or principal speaker at special Memorial Day services.
These services will be open to the public, and all who care to are invited to attend. The various army and navy training units will attend in a body.
single or married, who are American citizens and who have successfully completed two years or more of college and are not currently employed in another essential war industry are eligible for the courses of study, pertaining to engineering,
will start on June 15, 1943.
Each of women receiving a scholarship will receive tuition, board, lodging and a 50 dollar allowance for expenses. The full year course
tion on their service and will be placed in our Engineering organization at a base salary of not less than
$140 per month.
Women interested should call Placement service for Women, 2955, at once for further information. An interview blank which must be filled out in full by be obtained at this office. A copy of their college record or transcript should also accom-
pany the blank.
The three day conference of the home economics teachers of northern Indiana ended Thursday with a series of speeches apd demonstrations by the members of the University staff and visiting teachers. At the morning meeting the
. , . , Miss Bampton received her engroup viewed a food preservation ,. • i • • 4.I.- , , ' , / , , „yr- tire musical training m this coun-
demonstration conducted by Miss
Marie Straszheim of the Home Economics Extension department. This was followed in the afternoon by several lectures. Food Storage Discussed Professor E. C. Stair of the Horticulture department spoke on the subject of food storage and was followed'by a demonstration of the dehydration of foods which was conducted by Prof. Ruth Jordan and Mrs. Inez Canan of the Agricultural Extension Station Home Economics
department.
Professor Muriel McFarland of the Education and Applied Psychology department delivered a,speech entitled “Suggestions for Teaching Pood Conservation to Adults”. Prof. McFarland pointed out the need of making adults aware of the national and local significance of the food conservation program. Mrs. Marie Ringle of Ball State Teachers College concluded the
meeting with meeting with
work done by the various committees into which the conference was
divided.
try. She has appeared with leading symphony orchestras in Chicago, Detroit, Cleveland, San Francisco, Minneapolis, Cincinnati, St. Louis, Denver, Los Angeles, Portland, and Seattle. Doors of the Music Hall will open at 6:45 p. m. and students will be admitted on presentation of their passports while the general public may attend on season tickets or on a single admission ticket for $1.10. Season tickets for the remainder of the summer series may be purchased at the ticket window for $2.75 on the evening of the con-
cert.
Pi Phi's Offer Scholarships
LT. F. B. JOHNSON will be the featured speaker at the Memorial Day Convo tomorrow.
Beese To Head New Technical Division Under Engineering
Lt. Johnson was formerly pastor of the Fifty-first Street Church in Indianapolis before he entered the Chaplaincy a year ago. The Lieutenant served for sixteen years as a minister in the Indiana Conference of the Methodist Church, and has a reputation as a stimulating speaker. B[e is a graduate of Evansville College and Garrett Biblical Institute. Naval Glee Club To Sing The services will be opened with an organ prelude played" by Dave Simpson and a processional hymn sung by the University. Following; the singing of the Star Splangle^ Banner by the Choir and the congregation there will be a responsive reading and a choral response by the Naval Training School Glee Club. Th^ program will include a reading of the University necrology and a decoration of the Roll of Honor of all those University mqn who died in World War I. This Roll of Honor is on a Bronze Plaque which ordinarily stands in the Great Hall of the Union. It was donated to the University by the class of 1926.
HEADS UP;SARAH Sarah Andrew and Art Barab strike a pose from Playshop’s production of “Claudia”. Last night over 300 witnessed this laugh-provoking comedy which will have its last performance tonight in Fowler Hall at 8.
Dammon Announces
ling Of Summer
Service
Open!
Study
Pi Beta Phi Fraternity announces ten scholarships of $400 each to be
summary of the given to qualified young college summary of the women for the study of Physical
Therapy. These scholarships will prepare them for position m.military hospital as physical therapy aides since the need for people in
this field is acute.
The stipend may be used for tuition or living expenses. Applications must be approved by the Dean of Women and submitted to the Chairman of the Committee on War Service of Pi Beta Phi. Further information may be obtained by any one interested by calling the Place-
Prof. C. E.‘ Dammon, director of admissions, has announced that a
special progiam of instruction for ment Service for Women (2955) the summer months offered by the
Correspondence Study Service of University will be held. Courses in solid geometiy, advanced algebra, beginning Spanish, introductory engineering drawing, plane trigonometry, English and a review of precollege mathematics will be offered. High school graduates who plan to enter the Univeisity in the fall will find one or more courses helpful for review or for advanced standing in freshman courses according to Dammon. Geometry and algebra are made available for those who must qualify for admission to the schools of engineering. Dammon said that many of the courses will improve a man’s performance on service examinations and in training which he will leceive While on active duty. The high school student may glso accelerate his course of study by taking these correspondence courses for additional credit during the summer. Application for enrollment should be made to C. E. Dammon, in charge of Correspondence Study Service, Purdue University, Lafayette.
YfRH Elects Gohman Prexy WRH elected Dot Gohman governoress of the governing board for the summer semester at a meeting, Thursday, May 20. Othci officers beside the governor are Pat Patterson, social chturman, and Edna Balch and Jane Post, co-secretary-trcasuiers. The individual halls held elections and Wood hall elected the following: Jane Giey, president; Dot Gohman, .social chairman; and Douglas Moifon, secietary-tieas-urei. In North the officois aio as listed: Edna Balch, piesident; Pat Patterson, social chaiiman; Katrena
MIXER FEATURES MAHN Prof. P. F. Bruhn
. of the School of Mechanical Aeronautical Engineering, is
President Edward C. Elliott today announced the establishment of a division of Technical Institutes with Dean A. A. Potter of the Schools of Engineering in general charge. Prof. C. W. Beese is direc-
tor of the division.
Technical Institutes, an offcampus service of the University, is intermediate between the vocational school and the engineering
school in meeting the
needs of industry, offering “at home” education for students to whom such training is not ordinarily available. A one, two, or three year ti'aining program will be'offered. Students will be admitted on a full-time basis, or if employed, on a part-time basis. This training meets a need which neither the vo-
Lt. Johnson To Deliver Address Following the singing Dr. 0. FHall, of the University will offer a Prayer, and then Lt. Johnson tdlL deliver the principal address of the convocation. After he has finished the University necrology will bc read; the army list being read by Col. D. M. Beere, ROTC Commandant; and the Navy list by Comdr. H. J. Bartley, of the Naval Training School, and necrology of all othtechnical by Dean F. I. Goldsmith. "Placement of a wreath on the University Roll of Honor by a special guard from the Army unit stationed here, and taps will bring the
services to a close.
Maury Mahn and his campus orchestia will provide the music for and
week-S? to S*hel1r^in’th?NoSh "" textbook, entitled cational school nor the engineering
“Airplane Structural Design.” The school has met in the past,
book will form the basis for the 13 credit hours in airplane structural design which are required of students in Aeronautical Engineenng.
Ballroom of the Union.
The regular mixer admission, $1.10 per couple, will be maintained, and dancing will continue from 8:30
to 11:30 P. M.
Prof. Eas^oc^ Addresses War Plant Directors
Truax, sccretaiy-tieasurer; am} Jane Post and Fran Robinson, lep1 e&cntatives-at-large. South Hall elected the following girls’for the summer term: Mary Wagner, president; Anne Mullei, sociel chairman; Jean Paci^ secre-taiy-treasiucr; and Wanda Kepner and Virginia Felleis, repieseiita-tivcs-at-large.
To Offer Credit
Credit points will be offered; but the course is not a substitute for an engineering course of the traditional type, according to President El-
A large number pf copies of the liott. Classes in technical calcula-
books have already been purchased tions, industrial technology, elec- industrial Recreation Association, by the engineeiing departments of technical chemistry, Indus- addressed the Governor’s Confer-
Professor Floyd R. Eastwood, of the University, and president of the
leading airplane companies. Nota’ce There will be no Exponent, Tuesday, due to Memorial Day. Tuesday’s paper will be published Wednesday.
trial design, metallurgy, and other technical fields will open in East Chicago, Gary, Hammond, and Whiting, June 1. A special eightweeks session is being offered in the Calumet region, with regular 12 week terms scheduled to start in
the fall.
Get 'Em In Now, Boys.,.
industry Seeks Post-War Job Applications
By Art Hunter
“Companies interviewing the with the National Research De- leaving the campus upon gradua- dent may come in at any time to campus these days are not only in- fense Council, tion or entrance into the armed ser- make additions to the data on his
terested in men available now, but aie also interested in obtaining an application blank from those men who are going into the armed forces
upon graduation.”
With this timely implied advice to August and December graduates, F. Lynn Cason, assistant director of the University Personnel Service, launched a discussion of place"ment and personnel of which he is now in charge, under the Supervision of Dean A. A. Potter and Assistant Dean W. A. Knapp of the
Engineering Schools.
Cason, who holds two degrees BSME Degree in ’23 and ME degree in ’27, is at present directing the activities of the Personnel Service, by reason of the fact that it’s
. . . social fraternity, announces director. Prof. W. E. Vogler, is on the initiation of Robert Shelley of leave of absence from the UniverIndiaiiapolis and Longeir Church- sity. Prof. Vogler is now personnel man of Amsterdam, N. Y. director at Columbia Univeisity
In an informal manner belying vices,
the business-like appealance of his He explained that the office on the ground floor oi the Ac};^ branches of the service commands
card.”
various Potter Set ^p First Service
Alpha Kappa Lambda
ministiation Building, Cason supplemented his opening statement, saying that it was paiticulaily applicable to those students who have shaped their college careers for the type of work which these companies have to offer. / “For that leasoii,” he'^dded, “men going into service should make contact, before leaving the University, with the companies they would be interested in work-
ing for aftei the war.
“Their application blanks will be place on file by these companies, and will provide the men With an opportunity to step into a job when
they step out of iinifornr.”
Continriing, Cason, advised all
seniors to complete and bring up to The cards are kept on file here at date their personnel cauks before the Personnel Service, and any stu-
aie continually checking back with the Peisi^nnel Service for records of graduates who are candidates for
commissions.
Card Records College Career “Your personnel card,” he went on to say, “records your college caleei in brief, containing a record of your extra-curricular activities, your index, your'past employment lecoid, and a report of the summary of your interview with your faculty personnel representative. In addition, one side of the card is dev'^ted to space for your alumni
I'ecord. ,
“While in school and as an alumnus, each student is responsible for keeping up his personnel card.
Digressing from the functions of the Personnel Service for a few minutes, Cason turned back about twenty-three years to explain, how the Personnel Service was set up by Dean Potter for the men students in the Engineering Schools. J. E. Walters was appointed first director of the Service. “At present,” he continued, “the Service conducts the placement in industry of senior men in the Engineering and Science Schools with the assistance of the heads and the faculty representatives of the vari-
ous schools.”
One of the important but seldom-heard-of functions of the Personnel Service, he said, is carried on by H. W. Cope, University engineering gi'aduate and retired executive of Westinghoiise Electric and Manu-
facturing Company, who conducts interviews with students for the purpose of aiding them with problems that arise in their University
life.
“His advice,” confided Cason, “has straightened out many a backsliding student before it was too late; and in addition he assists in the other functions of the Person-
nel Service.”
Winding up his discussion, Cason told of the activities of the G. E. 190 course in personnel and industrial relations which he conducts out of his office. He said that the course was designed to give its
members a practical knowledge of interests,
the field of personnel and manage-
ment, stating that it was conducted Theta Xi
as a project course and that members of the class were at present engaged in interviewing the freshmen who registered in April and in assisting faculty personnel representatives in various schools.
ence of War Plant Directors yesterday afternoon in Minneapolis, Minn., speaking on “Human Erosion and Conservation of Manpow-
er.”
Eastwood declared that industry, in its race for maximum war production, had underemphasized the application of modern productive techniques to human beings. He defined this area of activity as “hu-
man engineering.” Advises Recreation
He cited Industrial Recreation Association studies showing that plants with extensive recreation propi-ams have less personnel turnover and greater esprit-de-corps. Commenting on employer-emploype relations, Eastwood argued that bowling rivalry! for example, ha? tween the boss and the janitor Was among the best tools for repairing poor relations. Eastwood held that an adequate recreation program* is an effective bridge for the gap bet\yeen individual and groups of individuals in any plant. " Eastwood cautioned that to bp successful, a recreation program must be defined and instituted by workers and management jointly, not by management aloner and developed slowly on the basis of em-
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Lou PercoscWhsIt, ‘ South Bend; Thad Hanw*^, hLpnpht Walter Blum; Bill Eagan; Glenxt Arter; and Leighton Fischer.
4///PtirduS Exported
Saturday, May 29, H
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, PKone 4005 SpSrfs, Fieldhonse, Phone 2792 Ediforial Phone Affer 10 p. m., 5377
f onbraC}' BdHor; Dnorary Editor onbrarjr Bosineso MannKer,..: With the Colora
. ..William G. Hoskins Dale E. Buts ..Gerhard H. Klonman
editor. Business Manager News Editbr MunsKing Editor Adjrcttlsing Manager.. Bpatta .Editer.....v M*d Editor.
..Robert W. Boswinkle !..James G. PettjSally Beall Donald E. Brewer A. Jane Keim Joseph S. Dawson Jean Lauer
1
■r-c- Publication Staff
.Editorial Staff
ate jBditors: H. B. Abbett, C. C. Martindcll, E. F. MurW. H. Tyson, W. L. Vermilion, C. J. Wiibur. Coed Staff: Ruth Ford, Madclyh Grotnes, Katherine Howes. Sports Staff: R. M. Lipes-, R; J, Smith, C. E. Sowards,
Business Staff
Assistant Advertising Manager: C. L. Gaunt, layout Director: J. B, Tabb. Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauerman. Accounts Manager; Mary Dilts.
The Purdue Independent Editor-in-Chief........
..Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Martindcll Day Editor: Grotnes Issue Editor: Jameson Sports Editor: Lipes Workers:, Hunter. Erb, HellTrich, Ward, Stcilc.s, George.son, Ktapf, Andre, Ndrlingcr.
: Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayetto, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, atra at the special rate of postage provided for in section ll08. act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday noorninEs^darr itig the year, except certain vaction periods. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.25 for a semester; by mail for $1.60 for a semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union. bopresented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 120 Madi'sbri Avc.,'New York, N. Y.
"‘y/hen A Feller hi'eeds A Friend'
GRIN AND BEAR If
qiie J . Tmt Rts. .U.,S. e*l,O.H. MERRY-GO-ROUMD By DREW PEARSON justice Department Prepares Suit Against National Lead Company For Cartels With Axis Corporations WASHINGTON—It hasn’t leaked out yet, but the Justice Department is on the trail of another big anti-trust case which is going to create headlines— if the War Department doesn’t inteowene. This time the giant National Lead Company is involved. The case is similar to the deals of Standard qf New Jersey and the Aluminum Corporation before the War to control sjuithetic rubber and magnesium in cooperation with Nazi cartels. In the National Lead case, Japanese as well as German business connections were concerned. 'The deal was to control the production of titanium, a rare-substance essential to the manufacture of paint, also to the cutting edge of. tools. The Justice Department has unearthed documents showing that National Lead had an agreement with I. G. Parbenindustrie of Germany whereby, if war came, Nazi patents would be so held by National Lead in this country that they would not be seized by the Alien Property Custodian, but could be transferred back to Germany after the war. This is not the first time National Lead has been under fire for its international business activities. For many years before the war, it cooperated with the big British-Dutch tin combine which forced the United Stfftes to ship raw tin all the way around the world frotn Singapore or Boloviii to England to be smelted, then back to the United States. It took months of inter-governracrit jockeying before Pearl Harbor to persuade government friends of National Lead to build a tin smelter in, the U. S. A. so this country would be independent of the international tin cartel. ■ Fletcher Rockwell, president of National Lead, is also chaiftnanof the Board of Patino Mines and Enterpriseii; the company organized by the big Bolivian tin king, Patino. Note: Whether the War Department now steps in to block the Justice Department remains to be seen. Undersecretary of War Patterson has writhed in agony and protested to the White House when the Justice Department has tried to prosecute various big business combines whose products are essential to the. war effort. Arounij The Capifal FDR has no love for the Duke and Duchess of Windsor, saw nothing of them when they conferred with Churchill. . . . The only time Churchill ever was booed on the floor of Commons was when he made his famous speech in the winter of 1936 defending Edward’s right to marry Wally and remain King of England... . , Only a handful of labor is coming up from the Bahamas to work in the U. S. A., so the Duke mere- ■ ly liiade that the excuse for his talk with Churchill. Actually he wants to get back to London. . . . Inside fact,is that the OPA opposed liberalizing the coffee ration, had to be blackjacked into it by the coffee indiifetry. At present, large quantities of coffee are entering the country from the Caribbean countries because of improved submarine conditions. But OPA feared the submarine menace might get worse, curtail coffee. Then the public would be confused at having to cut its coffee ration again. ... Residents of Martinique are deserting that French island in small boats as if it were a .sinking ship. Tyi'annical Vichyite Admiral Robert sends patrol planes out to try to stop them. Break For Housewives llouHCwives’ who will get more canned goods this sMaimer can thank the Senate’s Truman Committee. No one announced it oflicially, hMt it was due to their probing that the Army recently released 30,000,000 cases of canned fruits and vegetables for civilian use. The 'J'ruman Committee had revealed the fact that huge quantitie.s of canned goods were being hoarded or unwisely used by the Army, when fi-esh vegetables were easily available. Especially revealing was tire cross-examination of Ben. E. B. Gregory, -the Army’s Quartermaster General, by Senator Brewster of Maine, “■Why does the Ai.'niy feed canned grapefruit to its troops in Miami,” asked Brewster, “when grapefruit is growing fresh all over Florida ‘1’’ “Because the men are to lazy to prepare fresh
Yesterday afternoon, while the Reamer Club’s “Boilermaker Special” was being used in a noise-making advertising campaign for the War Council’s war stamp convocation, a tire blew out on the beloved machine and immediately three citizens offered their rationed spare tires for the cause. Because of their generosity, the contingent was able to complete its mission of frightening little children, exciting cows and, perhaps, making a,few people conscious of ^he fact that a worthy cause could, be aided by attending the Music Hall program last night. People certainly are human. The West Lafayette citizens, cows and little children, now that we haye begun to think about the matter, must be uncommonly nice. The tire incident is only one in a long series of benevolent actions for which the present students and their predecessors are indebted to the long suffering residents Of West Lafayette. It takes a pretty broad-minded person to be able to live with a university, and Purdue is probably as wearing, student for student, as any other educational institution. We appreciate the people who in these days of rubber rationing will loan a tire to students who have previously borrowed everything from magazines to. mutilate for some Home Economics course to a pet duck for the fraternity which keeps the five blocks around sleepless during initiation.—r.w.s.r.b.
grapefruit,” was Gen. Gregory’s frank reply. He also admitted that green •vegetables and friiits were readily available to Army camps during a large part of the year, but that Army commissaries purchased canned goods because it was easier to prepare than fresh vegetables. The Truman Committee also ascertained that the Army was hoarding conned, tomatoes equivalent to about 125 cans per soldier as against about 5 cans for every civilian per year. In.Tact, the amount of canned goods on hand for a ten million man army was about the same as the amount expected to feed 130,000,000 civilians. The Truman Committee also found that as a result of this hoarding the packers and canners were in a quandary and expected to . curtail production. They knew' the Army had over-purchased, could never use its vast stores of canned goods. So the canners figured the Army would dump this back on the mai’ket, thereby causing an over-supply Just at the wrong time. That was why 30,000,000 cases were turned hack to civilian use by the Army now, to ease the .market while there is a civilian shortage. Note : More probing of Army food wpste is in .line, especially the habit of some Army cooks, of ordering several thousand chickens for Sunday dinner, When so many men are absent on leave.
ByJack Abbett
One of the most exciting books on the present 'wai’Mi;hs twrrijBd out a short time ago by Clark. Lee, former Associated Prbss correspondent. The book, “They Call It Pacific”,.b^d so,Me^:|i:iteresting things to say about the way U. S. citizen? ti’eat,,f|ifrr eigners even in their own country, Lee mentioned ah incidefit where a drunken U. S. woman called a Fhipino soldier a of dirt. With Lee'at«the time -—it of this remark was the Argen- German masses. ' ; tina military attache for Ja- Although the newspapers' pan. The South American failed to mention-the fact, the .ifiihV , uj j-L • / ‘ 4 1, 4- 4-1, tary situation in eehtral, China, is brought the point up that the ^rom bad to worse„;anaVif American woman’s remaitk measures are not soon thkdn'to |top was the'main reason for the dislike Jap hoards, the Chinese cause might turn into a hopeless, .mess. The old case of “too. little too latq” seems to be the order of the day as it has always been in the Pacific since Pearl Harbor. The Ameri-
of Americans in South America and was also the reason why the Argentina government refused to cooperate to any great extent with
the U, S. wishes for naval bases in ,»ans have an air force in China;
that country. This South American’s attitude'seems to prevail in a great many countries and is one
but, even jf these dine pilots shoot down ten Jap Zeroes to our one, they still lose the battle in the, long run,
“IN aw, we don’t have to worry about playin’ hookey—all the truant officers are busy at the war plants, trying to • stop absenteeism.”
War On Wasps Mosquitos, ■ wasps, and horseflies are converging on University graduate,, Corp. Calvin Fiyynn ’43, accordii-^g to a letter received recently at the offices of the Entomology department. Gwynn, writing from somewhere in the South Pacific, tells of horseflies so tough that a light , board could -be broken over their backs withoiit apparent injury to them. He is also plagued with mud dauber wasps. It seems that those wasps delight in building their homes in the bore of Gwynn’s rifle, thus causing trouble for. Gwynn. and, wasps.
Peasanfs Lose Land; Not Sense Of Humor Shortly after the fall of France, the German army spent a great deal of time in exercises, practicing for an invasion of England. The French knew of thes^ maneuvers and lost few opportunities to mock the sweating Nazis. One day, in Paris, a German officer, pushed his way through a crowd which ■was waiting outside a grocery store. Immediately a French woman called loudly to the proprietor: “Serve this gimtleman first! He is in a ^hurry to leave- for England.”
reason for the distaste that is shown for the Japs can and do replace the Americans in foreign lands. ten planes while the American air —-X-X— . force can only dejiend on promise^. Even if the Germans should at- If the plan calls for letting China tempt to get out of the war before drift along in global war, then wo it reaches their own clear soil, it will should forget it for a while and do them little good, for the Qnited start the ball rolling in' China.
Nations have already set definite plans for dealing with the Third Reich and its satellite states for the treatment that has been shown the Jews. The Germans have in the last 11 years regarded it as their sacred duty to kill as many of the Jews as was humanly possible. And the human possibility of this extermination of the Jews has caused the death of almost all the Jews in Germany, Poland and Hungary: The German officials will not be the only jiersons who will suffer, for it seems very unlikely that massacring of the Jews could have been carried out without the full cooperation of the
Mail Bag
N. J. R., Topeka, Kansas—If Axis prisoners are put to work as farm hands, they will be paid a minimum of 80 cents a day. This applies only to enlisted men; officer prisoners get an allowance ranging from $20 to $40 a month—without Jvorking. The Geneva Convention provides that officer prisoners must not be compelled to work, but must be paid. The same free mail privileges allowed to U- Stroops will be allowed to Axis prisoners, and also the same rations, with special dishes such as spaghetti for the Italians and sauerkraut for the Germans, so far as possible. ^'Darlan" For ifaly?? Pro-democratic Italo-Americaris arc worried sick over repeated leaks that the President and his State Department appeasers are planning to set up an Italian “Darlan” in Rome. Rumor around the State Department for some time has had it that when M-day arrived in Italy, Count Dino Grand! would be dressed up in new anti-Fascist clothes and made the leader of Italy. Working with him would be Crown Prince Umberto, never sympathetic with Mussolini, and possibly 11 Duce’s son-in-law Count Ciano, who has fallen from favor with the Nazis. If true, such plans would cause a lot of heart-aches among pro-democratic Italians as well as the nationals of other occupied countries who really take the Four Freedoms and the Atlantic Charter at their face value. ; MacArthur's Communiques When Col. Larry Lehrbas, press aide to Gen, MacArthiu-, returned to Washington recently he dropped in to visit old cronies at the State Department press room, Lehrba.s has had a meteoric career, first as a cameraman in China, later as an Associated Press reporter covering tjhe State and War Departments, There he met -MacArthur, later became his press adviser. The ex-reporter explained that MacArthur’s communiques, considered by the War Department to be the most “unusual” of any military commander, were first written by Lehrbas or one of the press officers, and then sent up to MacArthur. “However, MacArthur usually rewrites them,” Lehrbas explained. “Once he got the boys together and read a statement which he intended issuing to the press. “‘What do you think,’ he asked, ‘are those words too flamboyant? Yqiu know there arc some people back in Washington who tliink I’m too theatrical’.” Civil Air Heroes Recently the MERRY-GO-ROUND published a column on the Civil Air Potrol. Here is a postscript. Several Army pilots in the,Gulf area recently received Distinguished Service Medals for flying 200 hours over the ocean on anti-submarine patrol. These Army flyers have the best equipment Uncle Sam can provide.' ' ' Pilots of Civil Air Patrol doing the same type of work are operating old one-engined planes. There are fifteen men who have'done 300 hours and seVeral have done 600. But they do not get Distinguished Service Medals. . (Copyriglit, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)I ..
'^aiur^ay^ ifey 2% i3is
Boiierm^ieef'' Sports
[ ‘ f
i^liSALL td&AY i p. M.
st<s prisAl's LEAD SOFTBALL STANDINGS
Silfif ilirby Planned k Carnival
'■■■■"■■"II JH "III ■■ II 11 —■fillip/ I imnii Freeman Field In Twin Bill Today
Doan Assigns Misselhorn To Pitch Opening Contest
,,, By Ray Smith
Plaus fof tile athletic carnical for June 8 continue with the idea of proyidmg a good evening’s entertainment for students, sailors,', soldiers apd all others interested. The program is planned to prpvide both a display of athletic ability and a choice
Bit of comedy and fun.
•On the coniedy side of the program, M. L. Clevett has brpught forth the idea of a - Silver Derby which is to con- order to put a little
m of n events in which the
various fraternities will par- that each contestant ticipate. J’or each event the have his legs securely tied together
committee in charge of the
Derby has selected three fraterni^ crutches. ties to participate. Each fraternity I^^hy Buggies Too
will take part in only one of the The introduction of baby buggies Silver Derby events, and a trophy into vhe scene of action should is to be. awarded to the winner of interesting to both specta-
each event.
A “Dress Race” carnival and the particiProbably the most spectacular *he Chariot race. The race event on the Silver Derby program calls for one man pushing the bug-
The
SpoJdA, lOcUOSL
By Joe Dawson
will be the dress race, in which each team will have four runners each of whom will run one lap around the 150 yard track. Instead of passing the baton to the next runner for the team, the lead-plf man will be required to remove the garments pro-
gy, one man pulling, and one riding. At the end of the first leg of the race the “man of leisure” will gee out and push for the next lap, while the man who worked so hard pulling the buggy around the track will
vided for the race and give them to get a chance to ride. A new man will the next man before the race is con- enter the contest to take over the tinned. John Sines, Clevett’s able duties of pulling the cart. In case
assistant, has assured the writer that colorful attire will be provided for the race. In a unique contest three\ fraternity relay teams will make the
one of the teams fails to navigate a curve and ci-ashes, it will be necessaiy for the rider to return to his former position before the team will be allowed to continue to the
rounds on crutches for the Crutch finish line.
EVERYBODY STAND BY!! THE latest COMMUNIQUE FROM, THE PURDUE UNION STATES THAT GOOD FOOD AND PROMPT service CAN BE HAD AT LOW PRICES IN THE COFFEE SHOP DOWNSTAIRS IN THE UNION IT PAYS'TO SAVE YOUR MONEY, SO WHY NOT TRY EATING YOUR BREAKFAST, LUNCH, AND DINNER AT THE COFFEE SHOP FROM NOW ON. JhL fiuhdusL WjimifdaL UtiofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Know Anything About Freeman Field? / If you know anything about Freeman Field,, their record to date, who plays on the team or anything at all concerning this mystery team, see Pop Doan right away. . . . Pop has gotten to the point where he now will give a reward to anyone for any information whatsoever concerning this team which today will meet the Riveters in a doubleheader. Doan has searched through every newspaper available and still has found nothing. ... It seems that no one has even an inkling of what to expect today regardless of the fact that Freeman Field is located at Seymour just a little ways south of Indianapolis. Team Hitting Hard If Doan’s hard hitting team (did you see those batting averages?) can continue to club the ball at their present .300 pace, the invading aviators will have some tough sledding this afternoon. Ed Misselhorn wjll take the hill in the first game starting at 2 o’clock, with Ed Timm probably handling the second game assignment. Leftwich and Claseman will both be ready to go, so Doan has no worries as far as his hurlers are concerned. Clevett Plans Carnival .Chief Clevett, the man directly lesponsible for/the present PE 12 setup, the entii;e intramural program and about every novel event which has come out of the Fieldhouse, now has plans laid for the biggest athletic carnival in the history of the institution to be staged up in the Stadium June 8. Clevett plans to combine the talents of all the Ai-my and Navy men training here with those of the students enrolled in PE 12. Coeds will also be featured. No Admission Charge!! A ring for boxing and wrestling will be set up, the track will be cleared for special laces, gymnastic exhibitions will be given in fiont of the stands and several comedy acts will be given in addition to numerous other events not yet disclosed by the cai nival committee. All in all the program will lun for about two hours. The nice part about this carnival is that no admission fee will be charged. Cubs Do It Again We just heard that the Cubs lost again to the lowly New York Giants. About a week ago they were losing because they didn’t have Novikoff. ... Now they have him and they still lose. Maybe if the big fellow can find the range, he will help bung them out of the cellar. . . . That is, if they aien’t so far gone by then that even a long winning streak would do no good. Buy Wdt Bonds sports Shorts
SUMMER DANCSNG CLASSES OPEN BEGINNEI^’S BALLROOM Friday, June 11, 7:00 P. M. Special Rate—8 Lessons $5.00 ADVANCED BALLROOM Friday, June 11, 8:00 P. M. ' Special Rate—8 Lessons $5.00 ALL CHILDREN’S CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, JUNE 12 ALLEN’S 6lh & Ferry
^ YBkSIIIIMTOH HERRY-60- ROUND
The leaders and the peoples of the entire world today are watching Washington. For what hap- i pens there affects what happens everywhere. The unprecedented importance of Washington news and its bewildering mass make it of special value now to have, besides running news reports, a column summarizing, clarifying, interpreting them. For this the nation's No. I column is Drew Pearson's The Washington Merry-Go-Round. Look for it in the PURDUE EXPONENT
Rain Stops, Softball Starts; Intramural Standings Compiled Intramural baseball has started, at last. The skies have cleared and the results are slowly coming in. Ten teams are still undefeated in the inter-fraternity league and six teams are undefeated in the ward and co-op circuit. The pace setters for the fraternities are Sigma Pi and Sigma Alpha Epsilon with three wins and no losses, and for the co-ops it is Marwood and Ward 11, with two victories and no defeats. The complete standings are listed below.
Won 3
First serviceman from another school stationed at Michigan for specialized training to win a varsity “M” was Pvt. Charles Marshall of an Army Air Force meteorology unit based here. Marshall, a hurdUr, won an award in track. He foimerly was a student at Butler.
Two sophomores have been named captains of next year’s Michigan track and baseball teams.
Sigma Pi Sigma Alpha Epsilon Tau Epsilon Phi Sigma Chi Lambda Chi Alpha Phi Kappa Tau Army C Phi Delta Theta Phi Kappa Pi Kappa Psi Acacia Delta Upfailon Army A Army B Alpha Tau Omega Beta Sigma Phi Alpha Chi Rho Sigma Nu Kappa Delta Rho Sigma Phi Epbilon Theta Xi , Delta Tau Delta Phi Gamma Delta Delta Chi Phi Kappa Psi Phi Kappa Sigma Beta Theta Pi Theta Chi Sigma Alpha Mu Tau Kappa Epsilon Alpha Sigma Phi Kappa Sigma Phi Sigma Kappa Pi Kappa Alpha Alpha Kappa Lambda Triangle Ward And Co-Op Standings Marwood Ward 11 Owen Ward 4A Ward 5 Ward 8 Dover Ward 12 Ward 13 Rochdale Ward 1 Ward 2 Waid 7 Waidb 10 and 12 Oiicle Pincb Westminster Waid 3 Ward 4 Waid 6 Waid 9
Great Lakes Faces Indianapolis Indians On State Tour The Great Lakes Bluejackets, who have had half their schedule washed out during the rainiest May on record, hit the road for thi’ee games this week-end in a swing through the state of Indiana. Lieut. Gordon (Mickey) Cochrane’s undefeated Navy nine opened yesterday against the Shipyard Browns, representing a wai plant at Evansville, Ind. They will meet the Indianapolis Indians at Indianapolis today and an all-star team
^ Now under^arm • Creanb Deodorant Stops Perspiration
1. Does not rot dresses or men’s shirts. Does not irritate skm. 2. No waiting to dry. Can be used right after shaving. 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Prevents odor 4. A pure, white, greaselpss, stainless vanishing cream./ 5. Awarded Approval Se^I of American Institute of Laundering for being harmless to
With the “mystery men” from Freeman Field slated to itovade the Kiveter diamond this afternoon, Coach Pop Doftn has reshuffled his depleted roster into a starting- lineup, 'ille first tilt is scheduled to get under way at 2 o’clock. The army aviators will drop in from Seymour by plane noon for the double bill. Unless present negotiations with- I'fie — . Peru Naval Base and
materialize, today’s games Wifi mark the last bit of homS detion for the Riveters befdte they tangle with Ohiq St^4’s title hopefuls in a Big Ten
series at Columbus on June Directing the varsity ers for the first time in the
of head cdach, Pop Doan has &nnounced the follow^g line-u^
batting order;
Friend, If
Irmscher, ss i
Burger, cf Kennedy, rf Wright, c
Lindeberg, 3 b Jennings, lb A. Martin, 2b Misselhorn, p Shifting over from his re^Iar second base position, Jack Irmsdher moves into the shortstop spot, left open when Bill Burghardt was called to army duty last Mondifcy. Irmscher’s new partner around t&e keystone sack will be Freshittim Aaron Martin.
Buckeyes Lead Big Ten Baseball Race; Michigan, Iowa Complete Schedule The Big Ten Conference baseball race is still far from being a sure thing for anyone. The teams that are still competing are either at the top of the standings or at the bottom, and because these teams from either end of the roster are scheduled to play each other before the end of the season, upsets might oc-
cur. *
To take a little more specific look at things, Iowa and Michigan, last year’s co-champions have both completei^heir scheduled with an average 0^600 each. Indiana has cancelled all of her games. This leaves Ohioi St%te at the top of the heap at present with a pei'cent of .800 with four wins and a loss. Wisconsin, Illinois and Minnesota are in a three way tie for second place with five Wins and a pair of losses each. Northwestern is practically out of the picture with one win against four defeats, which leaves the Boilermakers, who have three losses and a win to their credit, in a position to mess things up as they are the only obstacle in the way of the present first place Buckeyes. Minnesota, who has won three games out of five meets Chicago this week-end in a double header. As the hapless Maroons have lost five straight encounters, if dope holds true, the Gophers will take undisputed second place with five wins out of eight games. To maintain their lead in top place, the Buckeyes will have to wallop the Riveters in both games of the doubleheader at Columbus next weekend. Should the Riveter squad take just one of the two games, Ohio State will slip into second place.
The Big Ten standings at present: - W L Pet.
Ohio State . .
, . 4
1
.800
Wisconsin .
5
3
.625.
Illinois
5
3
.625
Iowa
6
4
.600
Michigan
.. 3
2
.600
Minnesota
3
3
.500
Purdue .. .
1
3
.250
Northwestern
1
4
.200
Chicago
. .. 0
5
.000
''Indiana .
. . . 0
0
.000
' (CapeeleJ,scheduleJ
Catchers Wanted Still looking for some catchets. Coach Doan will use Charles Wright, a converted infielder,, a receiver. Jack Kennedy is uled for action in the right paatlUFEi but Jack Martin may enter tiie game in that position. Ed Misselhorn will take up the mound duties against the flyers, trying for his first victory since he hurled the Riveters to a 4-2 win over St. Joe in the season's openeif. Today’s game will be Misselhonv^s fourth in the capacity of starting pitcher. Navy Air Cadet Lindeberg wiH hold down the hot corner, who with Jim Jennings at first completes the infield. There is no admission ,to th^ game for students lyho ^preseffL their passports at the gate. The general admission is twenty-five cents. Coach Doan is negotiatuig wiih the Peru Naval Base for a pair, ef games next week, while the l^atier tilt is still in doubt.
IM Sche^utGl
' Sufthall s Monday, May 31—6:45
Diamond-—
1
at Muncie tomorrow. Six of the 12 games on the original schedule up to May 28 have been postponed or cancelled because of unfavoiable weatlier conditions. All six, including games with the Pittsburgh Pirates, Philadelphia Athletics and New York Giants, were scheduled at the U. S. Naval Training Station. Schmitz or Olsen T.o Hurl Johnny Schmitz and Vern Olsen, left-handers from the Chicago Cubs, probably will pitch against the Indians. Each is a two-game winner, but their mosf^ important feat came against the Sf. ^'Louis Cards when they allowed one hit apiece in sharing eight innings of work. George (Pete) Hader of the New Orleans club in the Southern Association and Bob Harris of the Philadelphia Athletics will join the squad at Indianapolis and probably will split the assignment at Mmicie. First of his lace to report for duty at the nation's first and only camp for Negro marines at New River, N. C., was H. P. Peiry, formei law sludeul at Lincoln university.
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23
Phi Kappa Sigma vs Antty
“C” , , Delta Upsilon-ys Theta Delta Tau Delta vs
Alpha Mu , ’»‘\ '
Sigma Pi vs
Pi Kappa Phi,v% Phi Kappa Psj vs Sigma Chi vs Sigma
Epsilon ,
Beta Theta Pi vs Tau
Epsilon
Alpha Kappa Lambda ^-Irau
Epsilon Phi , ^
Sigma Nu vs Beta Si§ina Psi , , k's. .
Acacia vs Signta Phi
Theta Chi vs Pl>j
Lambda Chi Alpha vs AlflW Chi Rho ■> % ‘ Phi Gamma Delta vs Pi pa Alpha . ^ J s. Kappa Delta Rho vs Phi Sigma Kappa , I , , Phi Kappa Tau vs Kdfipa
Sigma
Alpha Tau Oniega vs ArJliy
“B” ,
Alpha Sigma Phi vs Phi
Kappa
Ward 1 vs Waiti 4A Ward 2 vs Ward « . ; Ward 3 vs Waaftl S Ward 4 vs Wawl 7 Ward 8 vs Owen■
'Wf^Y * < ’V r i *
/ ^ i ^ h'^ ^1 ^ '
PurHu^ Exponent
\ V{'^ V i ^ ^
Saturday, May 2% 1943
3^ ,1>ays Per Year... Gifls Invade AIEE Deac Reviews Thirty-Five Meeting, Hear Hale Years On State Street “*
J'oliiowinj^
IhSL
J’OJUtmlcdionA,
Army Wakes Up; Will Don Lightweights
Classified
Ads
By Mars Ruth Erb
“I have waited on fatheis and sons, and in one instance a giand daughtei—all TJniveisity students ” pioudly commented H G ' Deac” Reisnei, m a recent intei view ^ DeaC’s Book Stoie has been ope
lating as a business concern f01 the money may be diawii out weie men of the aimed seivices and past 36 yeais, duiing which time women in specialized tiainiii^
General Store Pcltosalo was in chaigc of Deac s is the exclusive agent foi meeting and intioduced the foui Whitman s candj 1 he stoie handles gpeakeis Ensign Hale of the U S new and used textbooks, gvni and Naval Aviation Coips, Di Ewing, laboiatoiv equipment, supplies of j^ead of Electiical Lngineeiing, all kinds spoitsweai, and spoiting p Talmadgc le&ponsible foi
Ameiican Institute of Electiical
Engineeis held a meeting that con- At 9 30, studetnt cla^s of Univertained something quite diffeient sity Piesbyteiia,m Chinch will be fiom pievious meetings Fifty pel taught by Di I 01 don H Giaves
cent of those attending weie worn This is the foui^h of a senes of appear in open thioat spoits shuts en—RCA Cadettes and Cuitiss studies of “Ideal* ” Owing to th^ jjgpt tiousers, and the army
The temperatuia has iisen noticeably lately, so has the humidity Coeds have been donning summery cotton dresses and airy sandals, eds
some 30,000 students have come and
gone
Reisnei has leceived caids and letters fiom foimei students in all paits of the woild Seventeen boys who have been emploved in the stole aie now in the aimed foices Reisnei is a native of Indianap oils After he giaduated fiom the Univeisity in 1903 he was sent to New Yolk on constiuction woik But he soon liecame homesick and returned to Indianapolis wheie he established his lesidence and 01 ganized a few stoies Reisnei A.ve nue in that cit\ is named foi the
family
Deac’s Set Up In 1908 In 1908 he established the stoic in the Village and he hcs been theie ever since The stole has been open foi business eveiv dai since that time, Sundavs and holidavs includ
cd
The stole not onl\ sells meichan disc, but is also a postal sub sta
tion and an agency foi Gieyhound Bus Lines, Western Union Tele giaph Railway Expiess, and Aniei-
ican Expiess
Students niaj leaye money at the 'Wiight gals weie theie in a body Convocation at tlie Hall of Music campus is beginning to won stole at ani time foi safe keeping j,-, gj-iiy £2 of the 140 students theie will be no Imoining worship ^jg^ jj pg^haps summer isn’t here
At 5 00 the iSunday Evening ^^’s not that the winter uniforms Club will meet at tlihe church and go ^^ey now weai aren’t nice, they are,
from there to tht picnic ground Alaska No doubt the materials m
Typewriters* Addins maemnes all makes sold rented' repaired apd purchased Mimeoeraph work done G J Ebershoff, 606 Main,
Lafayette Phone 2770
Money to Loan: On diamonds watches, guns luggage typewriters Alberts XsiBn
Office 407 Columbia
Preshmen and Sophomores Theie will bo n Student Senate callout in the Senate Office
Wednesday June 2 All those
welcome ^ -THOMAS V WAA Golf callout at 4 p "} Thureday in the Womens Gym —HXITCHINS Playsliop Ticket Salesmen Return all unsold tickets and money by tonight to me at the box office —DELONG Triton There will bL a picnic at the WAA cabin lutsday June 1 Meet in the gym at 5 10 p m Pleasi sign up uu fb® bulletin b( ard next to the Matron s office
before Tuesday if vou are
Lost—Small tan puppy about four months old Answers to Siggy Call 6764
Irost—Chi Omega soioiity pin please call 6067
FASCIMATIMG
Theie ib no charge for the service attending were civilians, the others service at the Chuuch 1 ^,,4 « , A 4. C An 4.1-,^ VQsiv
back of the stadium foi a picnic supper followed blSf ^ vesper ser-
vice
The Westministai Foundation
goods toilet articles pen and pen rcA girls, and Mi Pigagc who will hold a special party two weeks
them are the finest woolens and the tailoring is faultless, but it IS
getting warm
Igiioie Perspiration The army men, with a soldiers’
cil sets novelities etc Deac’s m m chaige of the Cuitiss Wright from today, Satuida 7 evening, June true loyalty of spirit, have manfully
Cadettes 12 for all students es t ecially honor- grinned and ignored the bttle Ensign Hale was the main speak mg the incoming Intga session stu- trickles of peispuation that oozed Cl of the evening with his talk on dents, and the cadettes from off them They don’t want to comthc work being done in the Alcu Wnght Field RCA and Curtiss plain, but it is getting a little warm tians and Alaska He described the Wright A special invitation is also However, the good news can now anfields being built in Alask i and being written to the service men be published, liberation is at hand
stationed on the campi3s According to Lt Warren, officer of Rationing is the them.*' ot the par- the day lor May 26, the Army will tv according to Bud Ulxhich chan go into summer uniforms June 1
man of the enteitainmea.it commit
tee Games dancing aind refreshments will be in line with ±he theme
The scene of the gathering will be the recreation rooms of the Uni vcisity Presbyterian church
makes the recipe file used by the Home Economics department There is also a complete ten cents stoic in one department where every article even stationerv, ife a
dime
All Requests Granted During the past few months the service men have been particularly pi ominent and Deac’s handles Nav\ and Army novelties as well as University, fiaternitv and sorority
requests
Reisner says that students have oftc r attempted to ask for some thing which he doesn’t have in stock but that thev have seldom succeeded -
told ot then impoitance to thd war effort In regard to the weathei up and around Alaska he said it was a bit better than that he had found
here in Indiana
Al Comments On Music Plan
ASCE Hears Talk On Aerial Photos
§n, JhsL ^huUidtM, Purdue Christian roiindation Sundaj Program In the Lafarette Church Bldg 6th & North 9 30—Student Class lire Will To Do” is subiect chosen br tl e Rev John Findlev of the Unncibitv Presbjteiian Chuich guest speal er This continues the sei les on i eh gious problems frcing students 10 45 — Chuich Woiship The Rev Doyle Mullens seimon will continue the senes on the geiciil theme of “The Chui ch And fhe I u ture” (This senes is designed to face, in advance the problems that will affect human beings after the war, as well as dunng the wai and to discover what pait leligion may play in solving these problems ) Leaving From 131 S Grant 3 15
Sharp
Happy Hollow Hike All welcome but please sign up Sunday moining or call 4393 bv 4 o clock Outdoor program with lecieation fellow ship supper (20c) discussion and vespers Wear picnic clothes A real progiam has been planned lor roiu
benefit
Tau Beta Pi To Hold Banquet Saturday For 50-Year History The 1 111 Beti Pi chapter engi necinv honoi ri'v will hold i ban qi et it the Union Satin day to cele
biate the filticth annivcisaiy of the dcpaitment in bringing musical ac
Music as well as items of com mercial scarcity should be placed on a shaie and shaie alike plan stated Al Stew ait the Univeisitv Diiectoi of Musical Oiganizations in a recent aiti le nr Mus cal Pub
lishei’s loiunal
Stewart who also holds the posi tion ol Musical Director of the Ag iiciiltiual Ectension Deputment for the state of Indiana told of the
Personnel Notes
Companies scheduled to visit the campus Staiidaid Oil Co, ol New Jeisej, Elizabeth N J—June 1 Interest ed 111 LhL ME Chemists ( BS, MS, PhD) ,
L A Smith locating engineer for the State Highway Commission, spoke to an open meeting of the American Society of Civil Engineers Wednesday May 26 at 7 p m , in the mam lecture room of the Civil Engineering Building on the sub lect ‘ Practical Applications of Aeiial Photogiaphy’ As Locating Engineer Smith is an authoiity on the subject of photogiammetiy Smith concentrated on the applications ot photogiammetiy to high
These companies do not plan to
excellent woil being done nr that visit the campus, however, they aie way location and told some inter
Sunday Sen ices At I he eslcj Foundation 435 State Street E R Balslo, Minister Io Students 9 30 A M—Student Chuich School Two classes will be offered to the students 1 Chiistiamty &- The Liboi Movement to be taught bv Mi Bal
sley
2 Religious Living With Othcis to be taught by Di C L Poi tei 10 40 A M—Moining ‘Woiship
Service—(at the chuich)
The service of HoK Communion will be adminibteicd b\ the pastoi
Di Otto Scott Steele
founaing of the chapter on the Uni \ ei sity campus Dean A A Potter ol the Schools of Engineciing Prof L 1 Lud\ the oldest membei of the chapter and othe s will speak Guests of honoi will le the ni tion il officcib of the oigini/ation C II Spcncei Wabhington C piesidcnt Him on Giee&e College Pul Marx land vice president R C Matthews Knoxville Tenn sec 1 etaiV tieabuiei and R H Nagel Knoxville Tenn editoi of Ihe Bent official publication ol the lia
teinilj will ittend
6rac!yates Visit Here Dr R PI Silver thorn and Mis Silveithoin both giaduites of the Univcisitx, letnined to their honi'' in Gardena Calitornia Ihinsday after a shoit visit with then friends in Lafayette Rossville and
West Lafavette
Dr Silveithoin who wis loimci Iv societal y ot the Univeisitv YMCA and head ol Wesley Found i tion IS now the president ol tin Spanish American Institute at Gaidein As president ot the Comp ton Calitornia Rotary Club he was sent to the recent Rotary conven tion at St Louis attei which he paid his fii st visit to this coirimu
nitv in five years
tivitx and appieci ition to the small towns ot Indiiiii Attributing the success to the efloits of loc il lead eiship he went on to expiess a hope that the movement would take root elsewhere so that through it cul tuic would find a firm seating in
Ameiicr
Di Neil E Go don of Central col lege Fayette Mo has been ap pointed head ot the chcmistix de paitment at Wayne university to fill the vacancy caused bj- retire ment of Fiecieiicl C Irwin A recent tabulation lists the val uition ot fiatcimU ind soiontv chapter houses it filS 121000
liter csted in students for employ
ment
lire Udjlite Corporation Detroit, Michigan—Interested in Chemists, ChE Sign In Saturday May 29 P R Mallory Go Indianapolis, Indiana—Interested in E E Sign by Satin da V, May 29 Placement Notes For Women The Cential Institute foi the Dcit 818 South Kingbhighway Sunt Louis Missoiui which is at filiated with W ishington Univei sity announces a mimbei of tuition scholaiships foi students who hive completed two yeais ot undeigiad
THE SCENE CHANGES
5 15 P M—Wesley "Vcspeib Ihis evei mg all students aic in
vitcd to go on an outdooi hil e and picnic sponsoied by the Weslex round ition Ihe gioup will leave Special the building, at 5 15 P M A 20c
music w ill chon
be fuinishcd bv the
covei chaigc xxillbc mule gi ouj) w ill 1 elm n bv 8 o cloci
Iho
Otrlff novel undersfand a Idler s Iom loi Ins lioisc—so Jtoddx McDouall believes, though Di.nia 11 ilc docs hir be t to cohmiiic him olhciwisc in the new lethiutolor him itision ol M u\ O Hai is Mv 1 mud I licki 'Ihe 20th ( eiitui)tJ ox film icafuus I’ltslon I osfci and Rita lohnsoii with Boddv, and is scheduled to stai 1 a I Hit 1 il ai dtc J lieali t on Suiidaj
SPREADING THE NEWS TOOK MONTHS
UNTIL THE EXPONENT WAS BORN
NOW YOU CAN GET ALL THE UP-T-O-THE-MINUTE NEWS OE THE CAMPUS CALL 4005 AND ASK FOR THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Notices
Rcgristration Workers Students who worked for the. Regiijtrar during the Summer Term Registiation may obtain their checks oy calling at the Registrars Office —STONE C E 41 An examination for the removal ot conditions and incompletes will be held in room 125 Hcavilon Hall at 1 SO p m on Saturday May 29 Permission to take the examination must be obtained from the undersigned before May 2bth —GREVE All Students There arc several openings in Cook County scholaiship awards Appli cation blanks may bo secured by eontacting the office ot the Division of Education Re ferring room 313 Executive building Jin lors and seniors of good standing from Look County III high schools are eligible —REMMLRS Senior ME s and AL s If you expect to have employment interviews with industiial representatives between now and Decern ber please secure company sheets and in terview request cards in ML Offiee imme diately providing you have not done so already —BOLZ Hillel Attention sailois soldieis and stu dents Atten I the special meeting bu lay evening May 80 at o 30 p m Social eve ning discussion ami suiper 11( Sheets Street —GLUCK Junior Commandos Meeting same pi ice midnight Saturday M ly 2J It is ot utmost importance that ALL be there —JUNIOR Reamers Meetmi^ will be held Mon lay May 31 it 7 1 i room 302 ef the Union Pledges be in hall outside it iO —BOSWINKLL Preshman Lngineers All f eshm i i ol gi neers rtgi teied in Cl 1 an i Gl 2 m t Siturl^ Ma> 2) at Sim nr nl9 of the BE building — KNAI P Alpha Phi Omega Ji Ige W irn 1 il inson of Lifavitte \ ill be the gue t speikei at an open ni etii g f All h i Ph Ome national sei vice fraternity 1 les W\ Jun 1 at 30 1 m in tl e Lie t Recoptio i i i of th Ui 10 Ihis 1 the second open me t ing of tie vin 1 i teim All still nt ii n vited to itten ! KUCk
Mane Moiitez and Ion Hall have vivid lomintie roles in Univ*ersal’s ‘White Savage in whidi they are CO staried with Sabii Now playing at Maib llicatie
esting anecdotes fiom his piofes sional experience He brought with him photogiaphs, stereoscopes and a stereoscopic machine known as the Contour Finder These were set up and examined by the persons at
tending the meeting
riate woik and graduate scholar ships for those working towaids Master s Degree The courses con bist of training in the field of bpeech correction and education of the deaf and the hard of hearing and leads to degices from Washington Uni vcifaity Any one interested should call Placement Service for Women (2955) lor fuithei information
See
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
416 aiAIN
‘ICb O K , lad)—my /lnow won l shnnlJ”
rSo sm ill liclj) 111 a goi i il Allow shill Anon .lie Mile
ly I 111 eye frlliu,e .1 (III loi [iiojici hi,
and the Sanlori/cd 1 tin 1 (lalnie -huiiki^e h ss tlian 1/c) giiaianlees lli il lit loi lii \ulhculiL iljliiip* and ditiahh fa.'iius M du liund, mill Yiion tyday' hhiilb, S2,2 1, np kn g, SI and S] 5() A -R R 0 W
SHIRTS • TIES • HANDKERCHIEFS • UNDERWEAR o SPORT SHIRTS ★ BUY WAR BONDS AND STAMPS *
’SjuUwfVL Can Supply You with ARROW SHIRTS
WEST LAFAYETTE
ifr* ^ 7) / J