Mee Wmiatiis
Studded, kh ali-£itai^ c^t, thb^d preaeiitatioA of the cdmtit Sei^&dh, "fiehdld This Diffeamei?,** girovod to b& immOhse-
Bill Jones and his cakn|>tis otchestrn will play for the fe^lar weekly tnistOr tomght in the ballroom 6f the Memorial Tjfnibn Bnild^ ing. All participant ih the Stti<^ dent Union-show, “Cartoita,"' Will be guests of the Union at a ifinnor to bo held in the fadhlty lohnge of the Union preceding the mixer at 6 O^dock and ^11 hlso be given passes to the dance. Decorations will be the sattie as those foV the Gold, Pepper dance.
SCMT S banquet
ly aticcesefnl at the opening per-
■■'Di
fofmanCe last night in Dunan hall. Ahothev neat^capacity crowd is expected to attend the second performance this evening at 8 o’clock; Slightly risque lines,' plentiful profanity, and whimsically gror tesque situations served: as excel-
lettt.::;Wckgil^ttds':;;fqr;'„the\^
talented Thespians and coincided nicely with the Spring-is-here
mood of the audience.
Due to the skilifql work of the publicitj^ staif, OUt headers are al-
Ag Leaders Discuss Work
Ei^eiisioii Conference Closes Today
Playshqp boatd elections will be held Tuesday night. Petitions fot inembership oh the board most be thrned in at the Union desk i^t lateu than g o’clock Monday eVehittg.
ready sO familiar With the plot of “Behold M it’s unnecessary to teiterate it. AdaMael^Oe Thoroughly despicable and unpleasantly pious is Ada Mae EoeV We can’t think of anyone we Mave disliked aS heartily as her Clara Tu^er..- , Dear personality is reflected in her home, the setting for the first and third aCts, a verg hlohstrosity of an enVirohhient Which would warn the mind of the least Im:^ preSSionable child to say nothing of a Sensitive young attist. To the wall of that set was riveted Our own fascinated attention, for there : ;lContmnm nnga 4).
Eugene Merritt and M. G. Wilson, of the U. S. D. A., Washington, D. C., discussed the details of handling agricultural extension Work at the morning session of the annual mid-west conference of extension leaders from thirteen states. Dr. C. B. Smith, assistant director M a^duituiU extension at WasMh^ni D. G., oh the Msic ideas back of extension work as Stated in the Smith-Iiever law,
adopted in 1914.
The leaders, composed of gtate ektettSion dmeciM^s, County agent leaders, home demonstfatibn ieaders,. pouitoy specialists, and sociOk OgiStS, Were divided into different
groups to discuss prObiems of their
oWn field,
The conference Will come to a close this noon, following a general discussion in the Union Building,
Trained foresters must not only be trained thoroughly in the technical fields Of their profession, but they must also know how to handle labor, how to manage parks as well or better than thb managers, how to manage fish and game,^and how to plan and direct forest policies for the common good over a long period of time. These requisites were among those enumerated last night by Prof. H. H. Chapman, of the graduate school at Yale University, and president of the American Society of Foresters, when he delivered the. principal address .at the annual banquet of the Purdue Forestry club, Mis topic was “The Profession of Forestry”. The event Was held in the Jfiome Ecohomics Cafeteria and drew 176 students, facultyvahd friends,^ Pvbf, Chapman, long a leader in the fight for extension of the civil service to all public Work, dedar^ that “merit and merit alone” shohid rule in selection of men for foresfefy work or any other work for the public. In emphamzing the conr* stentiy g^wing demand expansion of the forestiry field, Prof. Chapman said: ‘‘IJiaye been directly in forestry Work since my graduation into this field in 1904 and 1 hope that I shall know a little about it When I am due to retire six years .hence.”,;."' Entertainment :
in Tomorrow VtUvenUy Uandmu Start Program At Diiorak’t Fifth Symphony Wm Be PU^od
Dvorak’s complete Symphony No. 6 in E minor, '‘From the New World”, will be rendered by the University Symphonie Band, cohducted by Prof. P. S. Emrick, at the Concert to be given in
111®
H. Y. Hnnsicker, above, is the band librarian who mkde the arrangeMcnt for the band of Dvorak’s fifth symphony to be presented tomorrow afteimoon in the Jefferson gymnasium.
Gold Peppers
Hartom Flays For Annual Co-ed Dance
Ekpottent "To:: fesiie Sps^al Editioii ; : Foir '
Oryal Wray #ill Play. At Ball State Tonight
Orval Wray and his orchestra Will travel to Muncie this evening for an engagement on the campus of Ball State Teachers College, Where they will play for the annual Sophomore Hbp. During the evening, many novelties will be presented including “I’m ,a Devil”, “Annie’s Cousin Paniiie”, and “I Took My Gbrnet Tb The Party”.
FACULTY MEBITING
The regular monthly meeting of the facqllgr wifi be held on Monday, March 28, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. EDWAED C. ELLIOTT, President.
According to present plans, the Exponent Will issue a special edition dedicated to the Junior Prom this year, which will Appear while the Prom is still in prbgress. J, 0. Alien, photographer. Will take a picture of the grand march to appear in the edition, which will he from 6 to 12 pages. Through the cooperation of the Prom committee, the grand march will he held earlier than usdalj pnjbably at 11:30. The photograph will be rushed to the Lafayette Engraving Company, - where the Cut, six columns wide, ■mil be madb.’ Eitp&nent staff members will then hurry the; cut over to the Haywood Publishing Company, Where it will be inserted in the papers E. H, Moriis, associate editor, will be in charge of the speciai edition, which will probably be placed on Sale at a special table iii the Memorial Union lobby while the dance is Still in progress. The edition will be in the nature (Continued oh pagb 4)
The address by Prof. Chapmah followed Short talks by various ihembers of the forestry staff ahd other guests. Entertaihhient bY forestry studehts ihCluded a vOchl duet by J. W. Hamilton and N. M. Gamsoj violin solos by C. E. Dobrowolsky ahd Eudolph Cartoll; harmonica numbers by George Young, and a skit pUt on by a (Contihued Oh page 4)
Gold Peppers, Co-ed athletic booster honoraiy, anhouheed the ttames of twehty^ohb Medgeb last night at their annual dahCe in the Memorial Union Building, The girls pledged Were: Jean Adkins, Euth Anspach, Betty Arnold, Betty Barnett, Ruth G<^elahd,^H;eleu Creech, Irene Peldt, Ruth Grimm, Edna Hutsoh, - ^Patricia Johes, Dorothy kuehn, June Lippert, Ellen Mann, Marjorie Mjatquis, Aline Marshall, Mildred Mills, $arah Bchaaf, Jeanette Scudder, Geneive SexSOn, Louanna Thompsoh, Minnie A. Veneman.-.
sicker, bafld librariafl, who worked on the director’s.master score eight hour a day throughout the entire past summer vacation. Another feature of the program will be the performance of “The ifniverSal Judgment”, by Camtao De Nardis. This high school claSs “A’’ contest number must be played at the band contest by schools in this class this spring. Several bands are planning to attend in a group to hear the interpretation of the number by the University mu;8iciahS/:i^ ,;-'-'.' ''': .
Popular
. “Rienzi”, by lyagner, with its stirring inarch melodies and battle hymns, will also be played. ThiS cdinposition,wWchisesgeciailyad--apted to band performance, has always been received With great pOpUlarityi'^', F. C. Baase, freshman engineering student, will act as Soloist for the first time with the University band, when he Alays “Morning, Noon, arid hfight in Vierina”, Ari hiS xylophone. This is expected to be Giie of the best exhibitions of rapid exeeutiori ever given at a UniverZ sity;'cdncert;'- ' The concert is hemg sponsored by the Greater Lafayette Chamber of commerce and the Lafayette School Board. Admission is free.
.Dean Matth^s’
Book Adopted For Five Years
Dick Hartom’s band from the University of Illinois furnished the music to which approximately two
huridred couples danced. The hack- * iSe V t
drop was a huge gold pepper, and kast Flllii Xiecture the band stand decorations follow^-; »^ ^ « Tt/r ri ed the same theme. Chaperones for IH OmOPS IllOllday
the evening were Dean Dorothy c. ^
Styatton, Miss Helen Schleman, Mrs. Ralph Cheadle, Miss Bertha Ginn^ Mrs. May Gray, Mrs. Lena McDoUgal, and Mrs. Lillian Roes.
‘‘The New Elementary Uonie Economics”, an elementary arid junior high school text hook, published by Mary L. MattheWs, of the University school pf home economics, has just been revised for the third time and adopted forZauother five years by the Iridiana hoard of education. This book Was first published in 1921, and since that time has been used continuously in Indiana. ;■ Author
Ra^o Cliib DIsGUBses Fiafis For Bamf^1
The university Radio club met at 7:86 o’eiOck last riight in the Elefr tyioal Engitteeririg Building to discuss plans for the annual Hairifest and arrangements for tho operation of the club’s amateur radio station W9YB. : ■ .
H. L. McKinnon, of Cleveland, Ohio, Will present the final showing in the series of film lectures being Sponsored by the University practical mechanics department in Michael Golden Sh(^s Monday and Tuesday, lecture, beglriiiing at 4 o’clock in room 101, is entitled
‘■Some Matters of Prime
ance in Mass Foundary Produc-
tion’’. ' ■' ■.>'
J® lM$um tiours
The author received her B. S. degree in home economics from the University of Minnesota, Where She later taught clbthing. In 1910 she began her home economics work at the University in the extension department, and in 1912 Was made head of the departirient of home
B. H. Short, of the electrical en gineerihg staff, gave a technical talk on the phorie transmitter of the statiprij which is soon to be available for private use by properly liCeriSed amateurs.
McKinnon, representing the Gi Oi* Bartlett and Snow Company^ of Cleveland j will remain on the cam-^ pus for two days. The lecture will last abput 46 minutes pnd will be illustrated with films anfi lantern slides.
WPA Rmes Birthplace Of Rhp Dcahpiit Rhp
J. D. Higgips* C. E. ’86, has just accepted a position as engineer inspector with the Indiana State Highway Commission and is now located near Lebanon on a construction job.
Dr.M.Fis]ibem To Speak Here Editor To Talk Before
Among the speakers scheduled for the sixth annual druggists^ business Conference which is to be held here Wednesday and Thursday of next week will be Dr. Morris Fishbein, editor of the jOuririM ^
thO'- ■
and Dr. Howard W, Haggard, Yale University psychologist and author. Dr. Fishbein will talk On “Socialized Medicine” at the anriuril meeting on Wednesday, and Dr. Haggard will close the session on Thursday evening With a discussion Oil ‘‘Medical Fads and SuriersM-
tipns”. Z'
An eMiensive progiAni^ has been planned Ity the pharMaCy ekterisiriri depariMerit of the University Mid is eripected to attract a large at?lendahce of imtiohA leaders to toe pharmaceutical field. SpeMiers in addition to the above named toclude Hott. Joseph A. Andrews^ Tippeca^e coimty reprecentatiy^ rin “Social Security Legislation” on Thuty&ty mortorig, and Ito Jton J, Haramy, of Indiana central coilegej on “What Frice Liberty ?” on Wednesday afternoon.
Several local torrig dribs Wm iri^ a special meeting to join to toe,toricussions in connection with: the ctofeience,: District representatives of the National Assriciation of Boiu^ M FfirirriiatyAnd tlM AmeriCto^^ sociation to Colleges to Pharmaty win also hold joint meetings. Tito rieW U,' S. ^karmacOriOeia and national formulary are to he discussed during the cOriftoence.
Br. fUdress
Dr. C. L. Morgato of toe edrica* tion department, will address toe agricultural Staff to toe faculty lounge of the touon Building riekk Wedimsday eventog at 7:86 O’dtto^ on the sttojeet “The Ptydtoktoy to Learning As It Atotoes to Teaching in College’^ ' . Although the meeting is primai^iiy for those of the agricultutol Staff, all others interested to hearing Dr. Morgan are tovited.
economics.
By M. P. Hatfield. Have you ever asked yourself, after a flunking grade has bCett handed back to you, if yOur instructors were really humari or Whether they were just nasty, machiries that have been placed in the Way Of your progress toward: obtaining that elusive diploma? Many students believe that the electrical engineering instructors a:^e the Worst of all. It seems iriipossible that, after-^-hours these mOn actually behave as othOy persons. Would You Believe? Would you believe that the man that has been trying to show you the mysteries of designing all sorts of electrical machines could tell you how to play sOriie of the more difficult billiard shots ? Professor Gurtner can also play a good hand at bridge, and takes pride in his ability to fit in to any group with which he happens to find himself. Handball player “Doc” Ganfieldj of the famous “Canfield All-Americans” is likely to he found on a haridball couri or out in his garden frittering arouttd
when he is not working With his meterri “Jimmy” Bowman , will gladly take an hour of your tiriie telling about his hunting and fishing, if you Will Only get him started. He knows all of thei good fishing lakes betWen Indiana and the west coast and from toe south up to Canada, Out; on Russell Field, Mr. Karr can be seen patrolling the centerfield for the faculty softball team. He also likes to play squash and is a willing talker---ahout any sport that is in or out of stoson. “Farmer”
■When the University school of home economics was created in 1926, she assumed toe leadership of the school, in which the enrollment has jumped from 40 to more than 500 girls, and from four courses offered to mtoty'^toe. Dean Matthews is a member of many local, state arid national home economic organizations as well as education in gerieral.
Union To Present Revue
At Formal Next Friday
If yPri have any interest in dairy farming and would like to know of the finer points about the industry, all you have to do is talk to “Double E’^ Resmolds. He has a farm outside of towa that he has been running succcsstolly for years. Dr. C. B. Aikeri^ a newcomer tlris year, is a“windjariimer” of the first waterj as well as ari enthusiariic horseman. Radio, of course, is his real.lpvC. (Continued on page 4)
“Revue de Chic,” a style show with co-ed models, will be preSerited at toe Student Uhiori formal next Friday night. Contrary to the custom of former years, the affair will not be a Cb-ed bid dance. It will be conducted in the cabaret style, with corsages for the girls and carnations for th® “len, and drinks described as“sweet and tyicy” will 'he'.served, . . " Many of toe dresses to he shown iri toe revue will he to .the Style of the Heriry toe Third period, which is popular in advance showings di new spring fashions.
Oxford, Ohio. —- (ACP) -7, WPA workers : are destroying Old South' dormitory on the Miami University campus, smd here and there among toe students gathered to watch the wrecking crew a tear is Shed, for Cbolidge prosperity arid Joe College. - For a rooiri iri the Did South dormitory was the birthplace of Rho Dariimit Rhd, extra-legal fraternity far faiAed in Song arid story in the gbM bid days when a raccoon coat riieant a college student and a college stiideht meant a flask. Alpha chapter of Rho Dammit Rho, which typified everything notable to the John Held collegiate era, has ipng heeft disbarided. Now WPA has descended on the fraternity’s bid headquarters.
Health Service Heportg Deereaae In Ckmtmumaabte Humnao Cmcii '
l^i Pelt’s Td^]^^ Btinday EveiiingBinDrs
“Minstrels of the Air,’’ a musical show, will he presented by Phi Delta Tketo fraternity at 6:80 e’clbek tomorrow evening in the cafeteria of - the Union Building. The cast riill consist of Jim Reto, Btod Rhbades, Bob Meihouse, arid Ja#k McCauley, ■ ■
Although there have berin more casM of colds arid respiratory troubles of a less serious riatirire treated to date durtog toe 1936-36 schebl year than were haridied dfirtog the corifespbridirig period last year by the Studerit Heblto Service, there have been fewer cases <ff irifirieriza arid other Cbriiitturiicable diseases; The nriinber of measle cases have diriiinished the most, while scarlet fever has shown a Might increase over the number of Cases reported during toe first six months of toe 1934-86 school year. Acebrdirig to Dr. Si J;; Miller, director of the Student Health Service, there has been aft increase to toe ririmber of physical atontots toia year due largely to top long siege oY cold and ice. More than 106 cases of frozen ears were trtoted and the numher of stomach Mlments has tocreased nabre toriri 60 per cent over that of the similar period of last year. Nertous, heart and eircnlatory diseases, surjricril operations, eye arid nose tronbles have all reiriained very mneh the
same to riririiber.
, ^i^e^ number of hospital eases so far this year has decreased due to tim reduced riumher of cases of ifibasles, “flu”, arid corntnoriicahle diseases. A marked decline Was rioted in the nrimber of trento mouth cases durtog the first semester, altoough toe riutober of 'rinfioe' '•-■z'-
her 1 to M^rch 1, 1934-36^ l^g^ patients were cared for hy tip Strident Health Service, while 19,641
toe cmrr^iMmM yea^ toptirig an hunease bf 2»9.8!2.:fto' ■toerito tnontoa;:
I
teniber,. .25,626'; services.' have ■ heeri ■ pptoriried ty the healtii s»^ as compared with the 20,526 to tho identical period of last yetut. Officb Servto»
I I
formed by the department steadity increased from 4,600 to 1922 to 226 to 1929, after which time a ds- “ (Continued onpago 4)
>if|i
rliiSi I
Z-.-r,;'
iiSteiMiiii
%4innnrrri.-ni
•■•'■••■•■' ■
CO-EDITS
. :^iMiB*iMeij ^ .. Member Aesodeted Collegiate Press - . DlstdbB«»w‘of n.': ;^:---:::^;'^,. ;:': ;■■:;■: ;:::y. v:CQMam&M.:.ai6TOr Pstm AMeiKtieia^yBig:-'-.=.ig»»ii»rt»<iiiy. ti7'^AijleEiAl 'AfivKrMrifflg'SeiPrilsejVlae.'■■:■ ■■;. iSB Aiwiawct N»w Y^gfe gSty IbafeaWyaii sMoad. elie8.»ii»4t^. dt iha.^iMMi -tisiarsM®# .'Indtoiuu jbidiw*^, by; '• ffft itVir )ftftr ~ d^^veswd Ay eia^er, $2^50 9^ ; wid by aiagif eoi^; 8 eaBti.
BteiiiSW l^s* S088
SdatosoiB-Caiief^ Mditafftas Bdito Anoeiaito BdttonSpaarte EdHsc-
ItArn OFnCB-rSie Iforth Fifth Sbr^
ra»m»B!A$. STAFF
Edliogty Fluhi* 8«ti
V. H«aii>«r;
X. H. CsmpbeU
.JL M. Chastden, C; M, Ha^ia^ W. T. Hnnt, K, H. Momfis. H. G. Walth®
E. Hay«
Asso^te Sports Bditon_„^^ -- - -- —:: ....D. F. Mull; E, a Walpole U Wpod SoShbiDON AgjJatftnta : . \—l,— ..^..^a A. BaKhette^ 3- BS. Block, A. H. Fos^tafg
a aMEp«P. Jr.i Ik F. Mahion. C. L. Sadler, B. G. Schenk, J. !<>»
Bold and Black MWogu.--^..^,- —B. Abbott
Weighed In The Balance A consideration of the present “immediate” system of sorority rush is a timely one since the rumor has become widespread that a new system will be proposed that ■vlail completely revolutionize rushing activities on this campus. While there is nothing admirable in reling to be easily swayed by new ideas, it is no more advisable to believe that everything radically different is better than the existing
'Order.-.'
Bnalnesa Hanaseiu Advcrtking ManasCT» AdveTtisIne Aaststante^ Gircnlatioa Maaas^^. Oimilation Assistanta-
BBSMBSS STAFF
Afieoeiate Sdlt(»s_~— Advertbinff Manseer-
„W. A. Koch
.X. F. Antonini JU IL Brown, B. Creek, D. 0. Miller ,,, n. J. Hnlfl# .J. G. Girard; G. B. Shields
. Joyce Williaaia ..Helen Creech, £!dnn Hu&on, Ellen Mann ..Josephine Ferkins
Saturday, March 21, 1936.
-C,X.
Congress And The ROTG
The prevailing public sentiment favoring preparedness was reflected in the decisive vote by the United States Senate this veek upholding compulsory military training in land-grant xUeges. In a roll call of that body, 59 favored .the compulsory system, with 18 opposed to it. The large margin polled by the apostles of the present should dispose of the issue at least
until the next session of Congress.
The present sentiment is likely to prevail as long as the world remains armed, and maintenance of the R. 0* T. C. units is an essential feature of a pro^am of preparedness. While instruction in R. O, T. C. work includes fundamentals of army tactics, it is not militaristic, inasmuch as it does not foster the glorification of military prowess. The opposition which exists against compulsory mUitary work among students themselves reflects both an antagonistic attitude towards war and an inherent objection to any required course. A serious deterioration in morale would result if this work was plabed on the optional basis, as students would hasten to escape the discipline required in teaching military courses. The smaller number of men taking the R. 0. T. G. training scarcely would justify the expenditure of the large sums of money involved in giving the work. Also, the returns from these courses would not aid sufiiciently in training the under-
graduate for possible military service.
The sacrifice of so many American lives in the World War flue to lack of adequate instruction should provide the lesson on the value of rudimentary training. So long as the possibil ity exists that the United States will engage in war in the future, the wisdom of preparedness should not be overlooked Prom this standpoint, compulsory military training should be
maintained on its present basis.—A. M. G.
We would like to' point put some of the adyantages of the “immediate” system. In the main, these contentions were received by our Pan-Aelienie Association in answer to the guestionnairPs which w®re sent but to many universities throughout the country. Among the schools represented by this article are Wisconsin, Arizoiia, Bethany, Butler and Kentucky. Some oi these schools have tried deferred rushing and gone back to the old plan. The University of Kentucky, however, is very much interested in finding a new system, since their present one is highly unsatisfactory.
One of the chief difficulties to be
met is, the fact that a certaiii percentage of freshmen and upper--classmen, under a deferred system, will spend their entire thought on the subject of rush and will not settle down to any good academic work until the rush season is over. Scholarship is liable to be impaired; in fact, this has been found to be the case where the system has been tried. Such conditions also encourage violations of Pan rules for the very reason that there is much opportunity for sub-rosa activities
during the delayed period.
Genial Jim Farley has just announced that the Liberty Bell will be tho symbol of the coming Democratic convention. The Liberty Bell, as you know, is a little cracked.—-Boston Berald.
The Exponent n/eUomea comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers. Typewritten articles are preferred.
With the list of distinguished students just out, the usual resolutions of making better grades this semester are being formed. And it is for grades that the majority of students work. How many persons study useful valuable material instead of or in addition to that required in a course? How many persons cut classes in which attendance plays a small part in determinating: the final grade, yet attend', regularly those classes in which the instructor warns that a certain per cent will be sub'tracted from the grade for each day missed? A recent survey of the relation of study problems to grade point averages was conducted by the University of Washington Daily in which 100 men and women in 38 different major fields were contacted. “A” students questioned averaged one iifficulty; “B plus” students, four; “B” students, five; “B ninus” students, five and one-half; “C plus”, six; “C”, seven; md “C minus”, twelve. Thus it appears that the “A” student is relatively much freer and the “C minus” student much more hindered by poor habits than the closely grouped average students. . Failure to make frequent enough review headed the list of study problems, witli l6 out of the 100 ©heddng it. Neglect in keeping up with the assignment came next with 43 so afflicted. Thirty-nine opined that tests do not reveal a person’s knowledge; 36 could not concentrate; 34 did not have enough time; poor study environment was blamed by 30 money matters were listed by 26; 25 said that their minds went blank during tests; worrying about poor grades distracted 26; and 26 were dissatisfied with the material in the course. Men and women differed little in the kinds of study problems. In exception, eighteen out of 60 men were troubled by finances, while only eight from the same number of women ivere disturbed financially. Only six men in contrast with sixteen women tired easily. “Girl friend” worries made eleven men less efficient, while eight girls worried over boy friends to the extent of neglecting studies. The survey also showed that “A” students study seven hours during the week-end; “B” students average four and one-half, “C” students three and one-half. “A” students waste 20 minutes each day, as compared with an hour-and-a-half for “B” students, and one and three-quarter hours for “C” students. Here is a definite basis from which to start on the building-for-better-grades program. Let each student list his study difficulties, analyze them, and work toward their elimination one by one.—^R. P. M. If European nations want to borrow more money from us to finance another war, here’s our answer : Let ’em use the money they borrowed last time. They still have it.—Kansas Oity Kansan,
Whether the mental adjustments of a freshman are facilitated or hindered seems to remain a problem, since all sorts of conflicting opinions exist. Obviously this is a question with strong points on both sides. Another advantage of “immediate” rush is the fact that it is quickly over; there is no loss of time by anyone. In the present system on this campus, rush is oyer and everyone well settled before classes begin. The financial burden placed upon the sororities would be increased; 20 pledges paying six to nine dollars a month for a period of several months must make a difference in the treasuries of the organizations. This contention Can no longer carry as much weight as formerly, since in the past two years there has been a 60 per cent increase in the enrollment of girls. Sororities in the main are no longer pressed by, the necessity of snatching up all available freshmen.
If you don’t think its SPRING . just look at the calendar. Figures don’t lie, in spite of the fickle finger of fate, or something. “Prexy ABC” captures the MARS double-pass for his droll story about
Noll.
A GOOD ANSWER 'My: .rooB&ma^\IUa^ Boiiie: iUquiriea ^ „ Ab^t::my:swe^eart:Bessi;:^-v^:' He asked: me, “Is she a iuce And I answered, “Mpralleds.’’: ;' ——Si!v€*:^aM Gidd.,. :," The Belts are entertaining the Pony Chorus at a dinner tomorrow, hay .. . ht^ ; .. A man was coming home very late at night when he saw an intoxicated man lying in the gutter balancing a feather on his nose, So the man who was coming home very late at night said to the intoxicated man, who was lying in the gutter, “My good man, what ARE you dong?” And the intoxicated man w:ho was lying in the gutter balancing a feather oh his nose said to the man who was coming home very late at night: “The feather you get away from me, the better I’ll like .it!” . —Illini. “Let Yourself Go” Gillespie has a swell pantomime arra.ngement of Love in Bloom . . . ask, her! . . . you’ve probably heard about the skunk who went to church and sat in his own pew.
'Not Harvard^ Says Prof Harvard accents are not Harvard accents, according to Frederick C. Patrick, Jr., assistant professor of public speaking at" Harvard University. He claims that the freshmen have this accent when they matriculate at the university. For proof of his statement he offers recordings of freshmen taken last fall, and to further prove his point, Patrick plans to record the voices of these same men at the time of their graduation.
c. c.
’03, And Wife
This whole problem of the values of various rush systems is one that is going to have to be met by all the Greek letter women on the campus very soon. It is obvious to anyone that all the arguments are not on one side. All we would like to say is that we sincerely hope that when a choice is presented to you that you will consider that sororities fill a need in college life only so long as they place the interests of the university before those of their individual groups. -41. L. C.
Chicago Student Paper
Future Wars Unit Veterans of Future Wars were brought together recently at the University of Chicago, with the establishment of the Fort Dearborh Post No. 1 and the Betsy Ross Sew-' ing Circle for the Gold Star Future Mothers Auxiliary. Formed by a proclamation of the Daily Maroon, University of Chicago student newspaper, the Post and Auxiliary were formed “tp see that the loyal soldiers of the future get a square deal after they sacrifice themselves for their country.” The organization was founded at Princeton re-^
cently.
: Raymond M. Lahr, Post commander an<f managing editor of the Maroon, suggested that a bonus of $1,000 be paid how to each veterhn in order that they might enjoy the bonus before they are mangled and physically unable to get the most good from the money.
Gonsiimer’s Club, Schedules : G. E. Oldham As Speaker C. E. Oldham, federal inspector of credit unions in this district, will address an open meeting of the Lafayette Consumer’s club at WeSley Foundation House at 8 o’clock Monday evening. “Credit Unions” will be the subject under discussion.
'
8UMPAY - MONpAV:
Last Tiines Today ; .. “CHIC” sale : , ^ RICARDO CORTEZ ..in : “Man Hunt” .
'8
*1
Mr. Charles C. Albright, a graduate from the school of civil engineering in ’03, and former member of the University engineering staff, and his wife, were rescued from the eastern flood areas of Harrisburg, Pa., yesterday morning when they were taken from the upper story of their Harrisburg residence into a boat. Albright is now affiliated with the Pennsylvania highway commission.
Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity will hold an open house next Sunday afternoon between the hours of 2 and 4 o’clock. The house, which has only recently been dedicated, will be open to the general public.
Prof. Amy Bloye, head of the foods department of the University school of home economics, was in Delphi Wednesday to talk before meeting of the Sunshine Girls of the high school who were entertaining their mothers with a program and tea, an annual event arranged by the seniors. Miss Bloye talked on the educational system in Mexico and other phases of Mexican life. •
Special This Week Regular Value 75c SHAVING KIDS 327 State St.
SUNDAY - MONDAY MARX BROS.
ADULT Tap Glasses OpenPurdue Exponent
!(•<'■
Class B Net
' W 'I Defeats Ward 4, 2420; Both Teams Resort Td Defensive Tacties Ward 2 defeated Ward 4, 24 to 20, in a game played iD Memorial Gsnmnasium yesterday aftemoomto take the Ward Glass “B” Basketball crown* The winners were the. victors in the winners’ bracket^ while Ward 4 had eliminated all opponents in the losers’-bracket. The game started slowly, with both teams resorting to dlefensive tactics. For several minutes neither side had scored, but at the halftime Ward 4 had gain^ a tWe point lead,; the scor^ standing i 10 to 8 in their , favor. Second Half The second half saw both teams still resorting to; a defensive style; rieitlier able ; tO: get a coinfortable margih of points.; Ward 2 threw out a defense which forced their opponents to shdot from out on; the courts Ward 4 did nOt have so much success with their defense, ward 2 scoring mdstlif on under-the-basket shots of the one-handed variety., In the last two minutes of play Ward 2 managed to get a fourpoint lead and was able to control the ball for the rest of the period. Trophies ■ Members of the winning five will receive handsome gold medals for their championship play. In addition to this victory Ward 2 has also annexed the Ward Glass “A” Basketball championship and is now in the ward volleyball finals. The final game will be playedi Monday, their opponents being Ward 15, whidi is the Caipy Hall group.
iigijiMtliiiii
stilus
luDiorg, Katerclass Net Gaines interdass basketball opened last m jmdori criming the sophomores by a score of 34 to 6. The seniors Were victorious over the freshmen by a 19 to 11 score. Next Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, the remainder of the games will be played just before the W. A. A. banquet.
Former Purdue Net Star
SEMOESI : make (^plication pictnxea for $1.26 per dozen. Special price on lota of flfW or more. Rembrandt Stud!® 106 Vine St. W. Siafayetto
The thinkine fellow calla A TELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for special, Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
; : KEYS, Keys for trntiks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos, Melliaiipt <& Son 20941 North Filth Street Phone 2828 I.afayette, Ind.
;. LYLE E. FISHER Watclumiaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Bleck , 322 Ferry St. ■ Opposite New Post Office
4 Houses Tie luVoUeybaU Final Single, Double Elimination Rounds Planned Next Week Fou^ fraternities are tied for first place in the intramural volleym tournament Inow being held. Those! who have won aU thi^ of the games played in the league edmpetition are: ;Eappa Sigttia, Phi Delta Theta, Lambda Chi Alphas and Delta UpSilon. V V In second place, winning two out of three games, are eight other or ganizations. They include PKi Kap^ pa Psi, P*!]! Kappa Tau, Alpha Tau Gme^, Delta Ghii Delta Sigma Lambda, Phi Pi PKi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon and Theta Xi.
Final Tourney
Officials expect to get the double elimination rounds started sometime next week. This first round of games has been played in league manner, each fraternity being matched against three other organi zations and the games played in that manner without any elimiha tion process. In the next round the eight highest standing teams will meet in a double elimination meet. Since there are four teams with perfect records and eight tied for second place, it is quite likely a single elimination tournament will be held among these eight in order to determine the four to be matched with the fpur leaders in the final
tournament.
This single elimination tourney will be run off the first of next week. Teams who will compete will be notified by the intramural de partment officials. The present standings of the various fraternities are as follows:
By L. D. Wo^. J While perusing Gordon Graham’s column, "Graham Crackers”, in the Lafayette Journal-Courier last" evening, We ran across an item which proved of interest to us and which we" believe will be of interest to others who delight in pointing to the record of, Purdue graduates and especially of the prowess of Ward Lambert as basketball mentor of the Boilermakers. The item which attracted our attention was one concerning Blair “Slum” Gullion, now basketball ccmch of the TeimesSee ^1^^ southeastern conference basketball champions this year. Being a bit hazy on matters of Purdue sports which run back to the year of 1924 we got out the files and did a bit, of
research.;!: Clipping ; -■■■■.'
Frbm the story in Graham’s column, which had been prompted by a clipping from a Nashville; paper, weegathered the Tennessee lads had used the fast break system which has put Hoosier teams foremost in the ranks of the hardwood greats Our research brought out the fact that the Tennessee School /had a coach who had every reason to be an exponent of this style of play; In glancing through the stories of the basketball games played that year, the name of Captain Gullibn was consistently mentioned among the high scorers. .Numerous times we found him credited with anywhere from twelve to fifteen points per game, and he was always mentioned as one of the outstanding players of each game.
Teams
W.
L.
Pet.
Kappa Sigma
..3
0
1.000
Lambda Chi Alpha
.3
0
1.000
Delta Upsilon
.3
0
1.000
Phi Delta Theta
.3
0
1.000
Phi Kappa Psi
.2
1
.667
Phi Kappa Tau .........
.2
1
.667
Alpha Tau Omega .....
.2
1
.667
Delta Chi
..2
i
.667
Phi Pi Phi
..2
1
.667
Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
.2
1
.667
Theta Xi
...2
1
.667
Delta Sigma Lambda.
..2
1
.667
Delta Tau Delta ...;
..1
2
.333
Phi Kappa Sigma .....
..1
2
.333
Sigma Phi Epsilon .....
..1
2
.333
Theta Tau — -
...1
2
.333
Theta Chi
..1
2
.333
Tau Epsilon Phi .........
.0
3
.000
[Kappa Delta Rho .....
...0
3
.000
Phi Gamma Delta .....
..0
3
.000
Sigma Alpiha Mu .......
...0
3
.000
Triangle .......................
...0
3
.000
Sigma Nu
..0
3
.000
SPARBENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
DEAC HAS BYERYTHING' a . COLLEGE EBUCATION H. G, REISNER
Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK ROBERTO. BISK HAROLD J. BISK LUTHER A. BISK , 400 Schnltz Bld«. Phon« 6701 Conier 4tli and Main
if a S andwicli a Drinlc then a CHOP STEAK..„.-..ldc at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
Co-ed Sport Meet ■ At Indiana Today Cb-eds representing W. A. A sports will meet Indiana University co-ed sport participants at a State Playday today in Bloomington. The program is scheduled to begin at 10:30 o’clock, although registration takes place one hour earlier. Girls attending the Playday are Betty Arnold, Mildred Bauer, Ploy Crepps, Louise Caldwell, Marie Brewer, Ruth Hadley, Mary Humphreys, Georgia Halstead, Regina Kelly, Sally McKee, Dorothy Newman, Pay Pendergress, Mary Alice Pflughaupt, Jean Small, Jeanette Shaffer, Louaima Thompson, Mary Townsend, and Minadel Veneman. Miss Brady and Miss Ellis, instructors of co-ed athletics, will accompany the co-eds. Mrs. Hein miller will play for the dancing selections given by members of Orchesis.
Larry LaBree is not going to send a team down to Indiana today for the big swimming meet. . . , Larry says that there will be too many A. A. U. individual stars who are bound to take their share of the prizes, and with the material he has this year he doesn’t think that they could do much against them. ... He sent a team to the Big Ten meet instead.
BMiaiiiiiKiiM
The writer of the Nashville paper has this to say about Coach Gullion: “It’s great stuff to whoop it up for the scrapping Tennessee Volunteers, new southeastern conference basketball champions. Every son of the Orange and White aggregation deserves copious prgise, but don’t forget that bald-headed, smiling gentleman behind the gun— Coach Blair Gullion.” , , Further on in the story the writer mentions that all the more credit is due the Tennessee coach because there was not a team in the conference which did not have better ma--terial than that available for Coach Gullion. Prom what is said ;.we, gather he continued; the Indiana teaiilitibn l^ having, a team posed of small, fast players, as opposed tb the larger, aiid. consequent--ly slower players used by the oppo-
sition.
Didn’t Wait Gullion didn’t vrait two or three years before licking a championship team into shape; He believed in the axiom “do it novr”. In his first year at the school he won the conference crown. Previous to this time he had been coaching Earlham GoHOge at Richmond, Indiana, where he had had quite a bit of success. , The writer ends his paedn of praise with the following comment: “So Coach Gullion has ■wound up his first season at U-T mth his cap full of feathers, which is the reason Fm clapping so loud for the former Purdue star.”^ ^ ^
Phi Kappa Psi and Kappa Sigma will meet on the basketball court next Tuesday to determine the winner of the losers’ bracket in the fraternity class «B” basketball tour-
nament now being played.
The winner of this game will be matched with the Beta Theta Pi five, victor in the winners’ bracket. In this series, the Beta’s will have to ■win only one game in order to win the tournament. Their opponents will have to defeat them twice before they can claim the crown, the tourney being conducted on the
double elimination basis.
The teams are -fighting for the handsome trophy which will be given by the intramural department, and also for the participation points which ■will go with a championship.
Outdoor SpOrts Next
The completion of this tournamOnt aiid the probability that the volleyball finals will also be played next ■week indicate tho close of ttye indoor season for theVfiiAt^ After the spring recess new ■tour--neys in tennis, baSeball; track, golf arid the like Will be arranged to tako the place of these indoOr sports. I^ile the weather does riot appear very fa^vorable at present for wOrk to be dOne on the tenriis courts, every effort ^1 be made to get them in readiness before spring vacation, and if not by then, cer-
tainly immeffiately after.
Horseshoes will be in Order ■with clearing skies and Warmer winds The intramural department has ex-
SPURTS -'in;'; SPORTS
By Herb Helstrom. The Purdue straight rail billiard team has finally won the National Intercollegiate title .. , for the last five years they ha^ve been runnersup and now, the team of S. M. Cohee, L. B, Purcell, G. M. Hunter, M. H. Ingleman and J. A. Martin has won the Gar Wood trophy . . , they scored 404 points, thereby setting a new record . . . the best previous' was 380 by Michigan State in 1934. —ss— Out of the wad of freshman fencers that started the tournament for numerals, there are hut twelve left . , . there are ten sets of numerals to be given out, so two of them are out of luck . . . Silver Mask, honorary fencing fraternity, in going to award a silver foil to the freshman who shows up the best in the; finals. .. . Those still iri the running are: Hoffman, Senk, Taylor, Bacharach, De Luise, Meier,
Goris, Frasier, Rumsey, Levin, Galleher, and Zweig.
The baseball team is going to play its home gaiUes on the north end of Intramural Field this year ... they were supposed to play on the field north of Cary Hall but the workmen can’t get it done in time, so bleachers are being moved and a diamond layed out on Intramural Field. . ■ —ss— Forest Burmeister, star tackle on the footbaU team, got it again . somebody kicked him in the eye in practice and now he’s sporting a bandage over the left half of his face . . . tough luck, Burmy! The rest of the football team is coming right along, Andy Botney has been converted from a fullback to an end . . . he, alorig ■with George Spehn, should furnish Nobe with some good material. . . . Bill Vergane also is an end . . . he specializes in kicking. Olsen and Gusta are a pair' of likely looking fullbacks. Joe Mihal and Dick Johnson form a pair of tackles; Maloney and Koaros, guards; Humphries at center; Montague, Ippilito, Gutting, Chuck Pur'ds, and Louis Sink in the backfield.. Nobe says that there is a lot of work in store for him with an eight gariie schedulde, ineluding 6 conference games next fall. There ■will he three games played here.
(HilCMiifs
132 Vine St. W.Ufayetfe
YOUR HAT THOROUGHLY CLEANED AND PROPERLY BLOCKED
And We Mean Cleaned Inside and Out Phone 3085
American
sittm to tnframtxral FieM wffh the inauguratioB qf the eutdoer aperfer. Hi additiofli to the basehail di«-
puttiog green has been b^It which win be oi value to all goMers, .
I.F. Soles Ri Hospital
Witli"Brokeii AnMe
J. F. Soles, a junior in mechanical engineering and member of the track squad, has been <N>nfined to the St. Elizabeth hospital with a broken ankle suffered when he fell on the steps of the Administration Building. Thursday afternoon. He is expected to be released from the hospital ■within a few days hut wiM have to wear a cast for five^or six weeks. The injury will keep him from participation in any more
Irack meets this season.
I
is
YAle ij^teriiities are successfully weathmtog the new “x&m cqUege^ system’* set up a year ago.
■CHHJpE^ bauidng Claires Op^ Ballet and ; Sat., March 21st
By having theiri repaired no-w. Our dependable service may save you the price of a new pair if you bring them in ■today.! Quality materials and quick, dependable ser'rice will satisfy ■.you;at;. ■ Bossuug’s Shoe Repair In Varsity Boot Shop
' ^ 31®;main ST. / : //;-“-^ SealMg Capacity ^ 250; Persons Sunday Menu, March 22, 1936 Serving Hours W-12 M,-3 P. M.—5- P, M.-8' P. M.
50c DeLiixe Dinner Beef Broth with Tiny Vegetables Chilled Pineapple Juice . FBIED SPBINa CmCEBN; Cream Gravy BOAST LEG OF LAMB Mint Jelly CHOICE T-BONE STEAK French Fries ' Fluffy 'Whipped Potatoes or Candied Sweets with I.emon Peel California Cauliflower au Gratin or Green Beans, German Style, or Celery ala Creole Molded Filled Peach Salad ; Lime Dressing Hot ParkerhouSe Bolls Choice of Homemade Pie or Pudge Cake Ice Cream or Sh«bet or Small Chocolate Sundae Coffee Tea MUk Buttermilk
40c Dinner No. 2 SPECIAL CLUB STEAK French Fries BAKED VIBGINIA HAM Horseradish Gravy Fluffy 'Whipped Potato or Candied Sweets with Lemon Peel Green Beans, German Style, or Celery ala Creole Molded Filled Peach Salad Lime Dressing Hot Parkerhouse Bolls , Small Chocolate Sundae Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk
. : / . - , 45c , Dinner No. 1 FRIED SPRING CHICKEN Cream Gravy BOAST LEG OF LAMB Mint Jelly Fluffy ■Whipi)ed Potatoes orCandied Sweets vvith L^on Peel California Cauliflower au Gratin or Green Beaus, German Style; or ^ C^ery ala Creole Molded Pilled Peach Salad: Lhne Dressing £k>t Parkerhouse Bolls ^ ^ Small Chocolate Sundae Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk 35c Plate Special BABY PORCUPINE Tomato Sauce CREAMED CHICKEN GIBLETS on Bice Mounds VEGETABLE PLATE ^ Banana Nut Rdll Ilufe_Whipped Potato^ or Candied Sweets with Lemon Peel Green Beans, German S^le. dr Celery ala CreoleMolded Filled Peach Salad Lime Diresshig ^ SmaU Chocolate Sundae Coffee Tea Milk Buttermilk
WE CATER TO SPECIAL PARTIES AND DI^EBS ASK FOR MISS KELLEY 'Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MAGttlNES—For sale, rent, repaired and bou^^M. Moitigraph and ]mime> ograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff,
866 Main St l^a
NOTICES
: SarveyinK^Exaiini f<>r remiWal <)f condi^ tioiis in e. R 6 will be given in room 101 of the C. E. Buiiding, Satarday, March 2l, at 1 jp. m. Get your .permits before that
, date. ■ ■ ■; -JIODP.
Sophomore (KvO fintdneers—REam for removal of conditions in C. E. 8 will be given in room 101 of the O. E. Building, Saturday, March 21, at 1 p. m. Get your permits before that date.
—TODD.
Sophomore Motors-^No inspection trip during school wedt which began March 19. All dasses meet in classroom at regularly scheduled hours.
r-HALLAM.
Union Committees—^Members of our committees meet: in sub-basement at 4 Monday; —QUIGGLE, OHAVEB, PUGH,
SCHOUER.
Union Committee—Members of my committee meet in the Union office at 4 Mon-
day.
—ANSPACH.
W. A. A. Basketball—The following basketball games are scheduled tor Tuesday at 4: freshmen vs. jtiniors in slnall gym, and sophomores vs. seniors in large gym. —OHARUBS. Union Workers—-The following committees have been appointed: . Et^dler—Ettcr, Barrum, Vandiveer, Mill* h6lland,^;;Git'aye; Matthews,'’Ehhnif'Hofinani i Beers, Rudemsn, Sells, Peck, KesseL Clark—Busatd, Blocker. Beemer, Quinn, Meidhus, Harper. Poor, : Abell, Shoemaker. Fielding, OhaveTT-i-EaStbnrhv King, Wetzel, Bry&tic SheiWaltOif, : G^bey, Fehsterh^ Behrrendsi- Eoudeauj-BiJ^, Doyle, MiaishaUr Tcrpe; Seaborgf Biggs, Colby, MOrfi^^, Vbgle, Putee, Fticke, /Poor, Mthtin^ HiOh-
lards.
Qtiiggle^^chroeder, Cmnerbh,' Bcheihdtv Kriegbauthrh^ Zimmer, Bates,; Craft, ;Oabi onargi, Anderson, MansBeld, Peck. VMcpanV
iel, McNaughton.
; PnghT^DriBCdll, SeqUatte; -Hagne,_ Mielke, Boweh, FoWler, Fo'wier, 'Breumah, MSson,
Kiiig, Hoffhan, Wiliiams.
Shoeinaket^Fi?azee, Dobglas, Hdufc,.: KeS-; sler, Stewart, Jdalcolm,^ Kernel, JacobSOn, Dsetr, Mackie, Taylor,; Stahdef, Trbutmah, Taylor, Schlhndt, Jewett, Scatt^ay, ; Bills, Flavotite, Ried, Siiardi, Hallam, Steckel,
.Fo:M. ■' ,
Jfnrop—Elstuh, . Hulse, Morris, I Stephan, Wilson,' Reed, Witt, Jonos, McGhee, Rash; Ho’wklnson, Jacobi, Peth, James, Welgandt, Miller, Burton, Gibson, Evans, Cross, Everr
ist, Richey, r Cox, .Gillespie, Pyke.
Co^^ed Frirnhmah Staffs
Anspach—DtiscoU, Sequartz, Deerr, Bussrd, Mielke, :Hague, Blocker, Beemer, Morr
ris, ElstUn. '
Grimm—Bhei'walter, King, Wetael,. Bwant, Schroeder, Cameron, Kriegbaumm, Scheindt, Wilson, DeWitt, Reed, Bain, Martin, Lyons, Jarrett, Ford, BIcKinsey, Gillespie, D. Morehouse, E. Morehouse, .Per-
kins. ..
BSadin—DonglaS, Stewart; Malcolm, Etter, Barrum, yandiveer. Grave, Hulse, Kernel, Frazee, Louis, Richards, AmSden, Hnmmpnd, Cox, Steckel,. Mytinger, BVicke, Riatow. —FULLER.
Glider CInb—^Meet in Union at 1. ■ —WOOD.
Reamers—Actives please bring reflectors to meeting Monday. —RITCHEY.
Roger Williams Club—^There will be treasure hunt party tonight at 7:80. Bring 10 cents for refreshments. —KIMMELL.
Episcopal Students—Meeting at St. Johns church at 6 tomorrow evening. Dr. Graves, of the math department, will be the Speaker. Every one is invited. —BRISCOE. _ P. I. A.—^All students desiring nominations for offices in P. I. A. for next year should turn in their petitions signed by 25 members to Hellie Harris. —HERSH.
Co-eds—Opportunity to pass the apparatus test at 4 Monday. —BRADY.
W. S. G. A. Faculty-Student Relationship Committee—Meeting in W. S.' 6, A. office at 4 Monday. —harlAn.
ALWAYS WARM: Prom the break of da-wn ’till the last study lamp is out, houses warmed with Stokol Automatic Stokers and Majestic air conditioning equipment stay at - a warm even temperature. Inquire Today—^Phone 4976 MAJESTIC ' Heating and Ventilating Co, F..H.Sp®aker . . :
HEALTH SERYICB— (Continued from p«ge i) crease came for several years. The 36,404 services done in 1635 exceeded all other years. According to statistics from the health service, 89.9 per cent of the students who were eligible in 193334 made use of the health service, and 10.9 per cent of the eligible students were hospital cases. In 1932-83, 84.4 per cent of the eligible students used the health service with 8.7 per cent hospital cases. During the school year 1934-35, 1,042 physical exattiinations, 420 special examinations, and 1,373 inspections of students exposed to communicable diseases were given; The health service wa8 established some years ago at Purdue to protect student health in general.
EXPON’ENT TO ISSUE (Continued from page 1) of a memorial issue, giving inter esting facts-of previous Proms, and containing pictures of the grand marches of other years. It will mark the first attempt to issue a paper while the dance is stiU going oh, although in 1928 a picture of the grand march was rushed to In dianapolis and back for use in the next morning’s paper at a cost of
nearly $150.
Good Cooks Start ^ • As they grow older . they learn to depend ' ^ ; on us to supply their linen needs... We supply the linen needs ojf a cook on rental basis Lifayetle Liicii Supply
WE S U PP L Y
WHY BUY?
NEWER — SMARTER THAN EVER
BLACKS - BLUES - GREYS - BROWN PATENT - KIDS - FABRICS ALL THE NEW HEELS AND TOES. Loeb & Hene Co Sfu>e8»,.Downstairs
This cidamn was crehted In order that Exponetit readers might express their views on various subjects of general interest to members : of ; :the' 'Fiirdtte community; Gon-
MbuiorB. shpiddyseud thbii!Xtt
0. H. Campbell, the Purdue Exponent,
lAfayettA
Twilight ' , What promised to be a startling literary Renaissance during the third decade of the present enlightened century seems to be rapidly falling, today, before another period of darkness; This htfttemhtit m the result of no idle thought. For a long time 1 haVe hndeavored convince ihyself that all is welli but the latest sttfiitiny of the cur* rent joiDHale Of eruditioh reveals a dismal picture. lYhat has happehed to the brave aims and ideals Of the twenties ? Where it the old, free clash of original and etimulating thinking that marked the rebirth of letters in the land ? But six years have passed since we emerged from the period of never-ending prosperity, and yet it seems a much longer time. We have lost a great deal of value in those brief six years. And I am hot referring to our private fortunes. For some odd and obscure reason the finest intentions of that bygone time have left us, and in their place have Coine atrocities that have long passed the amusing stage. One of the best jokes of the present time is the current clown-fest of Marxist criticism, that has become so thoroughly entrenched in the fortresses of ^learning in New York. Yes, in the same New York that formerly boasted of the American Mercury, as edited by H. L. Mencken, the old Dial, the Freeman, the Bookman, the Smart Set, and other journals of free and honest thinking. What have we today ? The imbecile shouting for proletarian artists, who are still forthcoming—^when will these illuminators of the abyss arrive? I long to catch a glimpse of them; plays against economic conditions in the south, against capitalists, liberalsj progressives, Nazis, war, and all other demons conjured up by a fertile Russian imagination; volumes which are frankly propaganda against dictatorship, new deals, et alia . . . the circus days are over; we face a serious thing. The need for the tjrpe of criticism and thinking which arose after the war—-the haven for intelligent and dissatisfied men and women—is growing more pressing as the days pass; The American Spectator endeavored to bring a little light into the business, and for three years the periodical made valiant progress. Suddenly, for some strange reason^ it curled up and died, leaving the fight but half way won. Ernest Boyd is still working, sin-gle-handed, to combat the hosts, but he is having a hard time penetrating the wall of bound volumes of the New Republic. Joseph Wood Krutch, on the Nation, is using his keen intellect to good effect, but the incessant bawling of his editor, Oswald Garrison Villard, over exploded Utopias is reaching a larger number of ears. It was a sad day for Forsythe and his gang on the New Masses when Krutch inadvertently remarked that he didn’t think much of the Marxists’ latest genius, Clifford Odets . . . they are still heaving the same dead cats over the same old fence. Are we forced to tiirn to the decayed and senile conservatism of a Phelps? Where are some of his more modern and enlightened brethren, for example, More and the followers of the late Irving Babbitt? The Humanists were supposed to have won the great fight of the twenties. Let us have something at least approx imating ehlightment and intelli gence.— C. W. Condit.
ARE INSTRUCTORS— (Continued from page 1) Dr. Harding, the big boss pf the school, spends a lot of his time out on a golf course. When the weather does not permit, he stays at his desk and writes books, A few years ago he took great pleasure in pho tography. Our power plant expert, Professor Blalock, varies from a gypsystyle traveler and golfer to a choir singer. . Watch Expert Perhaps one of the most interesting pastimes of any of the “student obstructions” is that of Professor Ewing. He will spend hdurs at a time working over a clock or watch. Repairing or building them is all the same to him. If he is hot tink-
When do you start for spriiig?...if they arc will be moth-proofed at no extra c
ering with his ivatches and clocks you may have to go but to a golf course or even, to his truck farm to find'him;/■ “Brooks” Short has just one occupation. Yes, you hgve heard him ruining your radio reception with his short wave set. Day and night he eats, sleeps and drinks radio. A good book, a pipe and a garden to putter around in satisfies Professor Sabbagh’S desires for relaxation. Before the war. Professor RoW’^ ell of our measurements laboratory, usually carried a camera mth him. Now, when he is not measuring something he can be found in a sail boat thoroughly enjoying hiniself. We cah hot forget the front office; Miss Zellar, Dr. Harding’s secret tary, loves to ride around in her new black Terraplane coupe when she is not trying to help some student out of his misery.
PLAYSHOP— (Continued from page 1) was displayed a colorful litho^aph of two dead fish, an objet d’ art unsurpassed in its morbid appeal. Charley Trees seemed perfectly at home in his role as Charley Turner, the brush salesman who failed to solve his marital difficulties with the shrewish Clara, but found fame and happiness in an insane asylum. Lovely, statuesque, and inscru table was Edith Gregory’s Melodie, whose Mona Lisa smile inspired Charley’s love of beauty to its greatest heights. That Ruth Grimm appeared briefly in only a minor role is to be regretted, for her abilities give us reason to suspect that she could give a magnificent performance in an insane asylum. Pet of the Play; Dick Robbins, who as Blessings One by One, showed great promise, as well as a peculiarly mirth-provoking laugh, in his role.' Surprise of the Evening: The iuhkown co-ed, playing Little Bo Peep, whose brief entrance and exit enthralled the audience strangely. Big^st PriYate Laugh: The sight of Charley Trees
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as yon like it, P®p?ilar Prices :
assss
PLUMBMC AND HEATING Laii®"Pjk®»WerMi®ffi Compiiffly Phone 3882
DR. A, M. IRION Dentist Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
Dorner^s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optoihetrist 504 Main Street
turning away disgusted from Ruth Grimm’s kies. Best Mottienti Charley Trees' imitation, at the end (tf the third act, of Ada Mab Roe’s tirade in the first.
FORESTERS— / „ (Continued from page 1) group of fre^hmeh, burlesquing Prof. Chapman’s trip to Lafayette. J. W. Craig, president of the Forestry club, presided as. toastmaster. Group singing was led by T. E. Shaw> of the extension staff. Prof. Ghapmah, who is inspecting the work being done here in forestry, was guest of hontir at a luncheon given by Prof. B. N. Prentice, head of the forestry depart-
ment, and his colleagues yesterday noon at the Union Building. Several University officials were invited, to confer with the Yale representative in regard to forestry educational work in which he hhs long been a leader. He will inspect local forestry held and labbratoi^ work today aiid be a guest at a smoker’ tonighb at ^e Prentito hbme. UppeYdffisssteeii Sc®re WIms III Co-ed VolSeYball Games In the co-ed interclasS ydIieyball games played yester^y at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gyui, the juniors defeated the sophomores by a store of 26 to 22, and the seniors defeated the freshmen, 34 to 12.
OUNOMAtrSRUKY (Of A YOCiW© rOAIAN'’S>
turns Greyli^iifici ff@r vacofi0ii: W
0REYH®Uli© Tift if-I HAL Union Bos SIsMoa 6tli and Fersy Btgeota Phono S106
when you teavei by Mghwsy, Greyhound bus offers a grandstand . are M&d to aheEulc budgets, whi®
is on parade , and afFiry
, 0“'““—"'^“'“ seat,.Fares
. are Mnd to aneHulc budgets, Mes enable you to leave
'miMG ....IS HERE
To enjoy spring motoring, one ipeds to have his car in A-1 shape. Every car heeds a thorough check up after the hard winter driyii^ it has experienced these past months. Our service department is equipped to do the best work for you at the lowest prices. Let us overhaul your car “ ing more enjoyable.
Peler Anderson 6th and Aldhdina Phone 4048 We Never Close