Established 1889
Whee—More Tests
e 56, No. 43
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, August 7, f 5(43
ROBERT E. FISHER Editor-in-chief
R. CREWS PERKY Managing Editor
WAYNE H. GLOVER Business Manager
ROBERT E. GALLATIN Advertising Manager
Forestry Club Shows
Monthly Publication Since '17 Now Runs On 12 Mdntb Basis Purdue Engineer announces the election of the following officers ; Robert E, Fischer, 7th term chemical engineer, as editor-in-chief; Russell Crews Perky, AS USN, 4th term mechanical engineer as managing editor; Wayne H. Glover, 6th term metallurgical engineer as business manager, and Robert E. Gallatin, 7th term mechanical engineer, as advertising manager. Prof. H. A. Bolz, person- —
nel representative and associate professor of machine design in the School of Mechanical Engineering, has been ap-
pointed consulting editor. ^ , ,,
Forestry Club will show three
The Purdue Engineer was r^els of wildlife movies Wednesday, organized in 1905 and was then a-t 8 p. m, in the auditorium of Agrikpown as The Engineering Review, culture Hall. These films have been In November 1928 the magazine ac- made available through the courquired it’s present title. The Purdue tesy of the fish and wildlife service Efigineer was first published an- as a iiart of its conservation educa-
ntially and then was changed to a tion program,
semi-annual publication in 191(5^ In The films, titled “Haunts of the 1917 the Purdue Engineer became Hunted” and “Courtship Dance of a monthly publication. Now that the the Western Grebe”, will depict in University is on a twelve-month color many kinds of ducks, geese basis the Purdue Engineer pub- and swans as they appear in their lishes twelve issues yearly. natural haunts. Included is a reel
. , , showing the spectacular courtship
Member College Magazine Ass n
The Purdue Engineer is a mem- photography is superb and the perher of Engineering College Maga- qj; birds fascinating, zines Associated, which is an or- production of wildlife films gaiiization of twenty-five technical usyally extremely difficult due publications. Of these only two are ^hg conditions under which the now being published on a monthly photographer must work, and the basis. unpredictable qualities of the subIt is the policy of the Purdue En- jects. However,^the films from the gineer to publish articles in all fish and wildlife service have been fields of engineering which will be completely edited, and those who of interest to both the student body have seen them report the showing and industry. More material will as delightful entertaiiunent.
appear concerning the University
Engineers Announced
Master Of Ceremonies Remains Mystery; I Finale To Feature Service Men's Glee Clubs With the addition of Cocoa and Teddy, a teeter-totter comedy act, the Victory Varieties at 8 p. m. in the Music Hall tonight promises to be even better than the first. The addition of tKe new^ct was announced yesterday by A1 Stewart, who announced that plans were being made for a spectacular closing act. Members of the show include the Malone singers and Saul Graumari, who will appear in the last act. The Byton Dancers, the ofily group appearing which played here in the first Victory Va- . '' — —^ — rieties, will perform on the lift in front of the stage. Included; in their dances will be an Indian Dance in costumes that cost $80 apiece. This act will be one of the three perfornied ty them. . ■ Other Acts Other groups which will complete the show are the dancing team, Liftcheron and Adams, who will fill in here between the Walnut Room of the Bismarck Hotel and the Netherlands Plaza in Cincinnati; a triiifc roller skating act featuring the Two Speeds; and Professor Slyter, comedy musician. Providing a musical background for the Varieties will be Maurie Stein and his Chez Paree orchestra. The admission charge for the show has been set at 60 cents, including tax. Tickets may be purchased at the Cashier’s office, the west desk of the Union, the mumc offices in the Music Hall, and Deac’u and Southworth’s bookstores on the West Side. Glatz’ and Deckers stores in Lafayette are also selting tickets.
and its part in the war effort. Call-outs will be issued soon for those in the armed services, cadettes, and engineering students.
Not-ice All the senior, announcements and invitations have been sold and no more will be available.
America is facing a shortage of at least 46,000 engineers a year under present industrial conditions, according to a statement m,ade recently by A. A. Potter, Dean of the School of Engineering at the University. “The airplane industry alone needs 11,000 college-trained engineers a year and the army air force needs another 5,000,” said Dr. Potter. “There is also a great demand for trained engineers in the electrical industry, because the present war is bringing new things so rapidly that development in this field will be almost unlimited. Likewise, the fields of mechanical engineering and metallurgy are constantly opening new avenues of thought and action whei-e the traijied engineer is- needed.” The Dean pointed out that this lack of trained engineers is based on the present rate of operations, but that recent technological advances indicate that industry will require more engineers after the war than ever before. In recognition of the seriousness of this situation. Selective Service recently modified its ruling concerning deferment of. student engineers. Heretofore, according to Dean Potter, those who would graduate before July 1, 1945, were the only ones deferred. At present, however, any engineering student who can finish his work within two calendar years of time of “certification” by the University to Selective Service, is deferred.
Home Ecs To Plan, In New Architectural Course
By Madclyn Grotnes Trained women to fill positions in the industries with the planning, building and decorating of homes are now needed to take the places in the building industry of men who have gone into service. Recently a new course was inaugurated in the School of Home Economics which is designed to train women for these positions. It has long been the opinion of the leaders in the housing field that women should be trained to assist architects, to serve as advisers to home builders, real estate concerns and contractors. There are many other branches in the housing field which could be capably handled by women if training could be extended to them. Combination Of HE, Engineering The new curriculum is .designed for the most part, around a combination of home economics and
engineering courses. Emphasis will be placed on engineering drawing. In order to make the plan a wellrounded program additional courses such as mathematics, English, government, economics and psychology will bp included. .The usual eight terms will be required for completion jn this course of study. ■ Womens’ understanding of the needs and problems encountered b^y housewives adds greatly to the abilities required by these specialists. Proof of this lies in their attempt to achieve the greatest degree of efficiency and comfort in their homes and with special training they are adequately prepared to give real service in the field of home construction and equipment. Now the need for women in this field is great, but . the opportunity will be even greater after the war. This will bo due to the large num-
ber of new homes constructed and remodeled, and new ecpiipment and furnishings which will be purchased and installed. The latest things in constructioii' and equipment will be the desire of Mr. and Mrs. America and e.xpert help will be needed in securing them. The housing course now offered at the University will prepare those interested in planning the streamlined kitchen, designing efficient cupboards and closets, and in selecting the most durable constructed materials, equipment, and furniture, These trained women will be ready to act in an advisory capacity in the various branches of the house construction and furnishing field. Interest in this new course is steadily increasing as shown by the number of women who have already enrolled in the housing curriculum.
By Leslie Sale An enrapt audience heal’d Perry Saito, an American Methodist Minister of Japanese extraction, give an accurate account of the treatment of American citizens of Japanese descent at Tule Lake Relocation Center in Oregon, He spoke in the Wesley Foundation Thursday evening. Perhaps most interesting of the incidents related by Saito is the refusal of the Americans who were suffering in relocation centers to forsake their American citizenship. Under an agreement with Japan it was possible for the Americans of Japanese birth to renounce their patriotism and thus gain passage on the S.S. Gripsholm to Japan as Japanese citizens. Despite the physical and moral indignities suffered by these Americans less than one out pf every hundred availed himself of the opportunity to gain freedom at the price of American citizenship. Japanese Americans In U. S. Army Saito also reminded his audience that there are more Americans of Japanese descent in the armed services per capita than those of any group. He discounted the possibility that military necessity alone may have accounted for the relocation of Japa.pese by reminding his audience that, while the chief offenders from the point of view of sabotage have been some of Gerr^aif extraction, nothing has been d^e to counteract the activities of/£nis group. While Sa^fo praised the Democratic fairness with which other groups of enemy extraction have been treated, he made it clear that, in his estimation, Americans of Japanese extraction had been singled out because of their oriental features. Saito praised the work of the churches in helping these Americans. He thanked the denominational newspapers and' magazines for being the only ones that sought to extend Christian solace to unfortunate Christian brothers of different skin. Many University students of all faiths and races attended, and participated in the discussions which followed the talk. Triton To Hold Swim For Girls Monday Triton Club, the girl’s swimming honoi’ary, is extending an invitation to the RCA and Wright Field girls to an open swim, Monday, at 8 p. m. After a swimming demonstration by the Tritons, and a series of ganies in which all will participate, there will be free swimming for all.
A fair sample of Variety Show
Deadline For Noon Today W. A. Knapp, assistant deart Of the School of Engineering, has set today as the deadline for second semester freshman engineers to choose their particular engineering school or curricula. Applications will be accepted until noon today by the Dean’s office in the Executive Building. Students who do not file notice of choice' of school will be assigned to any school whose quota is not filled.
Scholarship Holders Holders of the LaVernes Noyes, Whetherill, Gary, Hamlin,, Coleman, and Bennett scholarships must notify the Division of Educational Reference by AUGUST 10 .whether or not they will be in attendance at the University during the short eight week session beginning September 1. Failure to file intentions of attendance with this Division by the deadline may in some cases result in the loss of the scholarship.
Pi Kappa Alpha Fire , ... announces the election of the ... of undetermined origin broke following officers: Alfred Carl out last night in the sawdust pit of Dumrose, president; Robert For- Michael Colden Shops. The debris manek, vice-president; Louis Peter- smoked in the afternoon. West Lasen, secretary, and Rolland Baetz- fayette Fire Depai’tment was in athold, treasurer. tendance in the evening.
YW Meets To Seled Hew Officeis; Lettea Greet Coed Enrolleis Letters of welcome to th^ new girls enrolled in the University this fall have been sent out 1^ YWCA cabinet members arid representatives of WA A. , ■„ The Substrata, news sheet of the Y.W.j features in its August issiie comments concerning the present, and future of the organization at the University. It also mentions the membership drive, which will begin at the “join the Y.W.” booth at registration; every tenth person will receive a free silhouette; Membership is open to all University coeds. Early this fall the traditional “Retreat” and the “Saddle Shoe Tea” will be held. Also included in The Substrata are a letter of welcome and a fullpage map of the campus showing points of interests being visited by tiny stick figures. The last meeting of YWCA at which new officers will be appointed for intrasession, will be held Monday afternoon in the YWCA office;
University Apothecary Forms
Of Health Service
By Margaret Baynes Fortified by our night-editor’s stern, “Hasten over f;o the Pharmacy Building and get a story on the true life romance of a pill”, we courageously faced the untraveled, unexplored Pharmaceutical grounds and buildings, located north of the Executive I^uilding. We entered the building, from whence alldring sulfur fumes were issuing and looked upon the cool, shiny, drug-storc-like interior of the Pharmacy Building for the first time. Display Window First object in sight was a large, well-lighted display window, harboring red and pink and purple and blue capsules, salts, ointments, creams, tablets, elixirs, hair oils, shampoo, nose drops, lotions, syrups, tinctures, linaments, and solutions, all attractively surrounding a picture of the Pharmacy Class of 1942—a touching tribute. This, we found out, was arranged by the class in commercial ' work, who learn how to handle displays, advertising, and drug-store personnel. Then we saw it; the twenty-sev-en year old pride and joy of the department, the model drug-store, or
in technical language, the apothecary. This dispensary, in. which the 30 Pharmacy seniors issue relief to ailing students from the Health Sei’vice, has four registered pharmacists to check all prescriptions, numerous cut glass fish bowls filled with colored liquids, walnut-inlai^ walls, more display windows, and all regular drug store equipment, except a soda fountain. Colored Bowls H. L. Kendall, Pharmacy instructor, explained that the colored bowls were an indication of a di'ugstore, just as a barber pole stood for a hair-cutter, adopted from the middle-ages. Behind scenes, we stared at files of drugs and medicines, in neat white cabinets, a refrigerator, a typewriter, and several perspii’ing seniors filling two of the 35,000 prescriptions that are filled in a year. At this point, Mr. Kendall escorted us downstairs to see the laboratories behind the laboratory. Ointments And Creams In one lab, underclassmen prepare the ointments and creams, work on new and old formulas and practice dispensary methods. In another room, we gazed upon the, tab-
let machine, a bovine looking that produced over one half millioq-; pills a year, but that was being replaced by an even more accomplished machine.. Large racks held trays, of drying powders, upon which we’ discriminated future aspirirts. About 150,000 headache pills are distributed a year to cure as many student headaches. We paid our respects to the homogenizer, an ointment rilill, a capsule-filling machine, mixing tanks, and several marines removing paint from khaki hats. We sampled a throat-soother pill, a new hand cream, and gazed at gallon jugs of vitamins, ointments, caft' sules, etc. Works With Health Service Working in close cooperation with the Health Service withtrident good health as goal, the apothecary trains future druggist, i^nfessional or manufacturing pnwrmacist, hospital techriieiaris; dir pharmaceutical chemists. Stadents are then farmed out in town dltngr stores to practice and test methods. The Pharmacy school hsgapt in 1884 and lived in the |>reseirt building No. 2 until 1929 wheh ifc moved into it’s own palnee.pi
SiC'^
^ge?
Purdue Exponent
Saturday,: August 7, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m,, 5377
PI**' ffoirtness Mstisser.. News Editor ’MSnaeinit Editor Sports Editors..
Ellis Murphy ......Mary Diits William H. Tyson Carolyn Wilbur ...Ray Smith, Russ Lipcs
Publication Staff Editorial Staff
AslOOiate Editors: Jack Abbett, Ruth Ford, Katy Howes, Madelyn Grotnes, Peg Steffes.
Business Staff
Advertising Manager: C. L; Gaunt. Assistant Adiretttaing Manager: Betty Maney. Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauemian.
EdItor-in-Chief....
The Purdue Independent
..Bert Squier
Staff For This issue
Night Editor: Steffes Day Editor: Ford City Editor: Grotnes Issue Editor: Baynes Reporters: Sale, Lewis, Georgcson. Wocrner, Newman, AbbCtt, Garrett, Margolis, Tucsberg.
■ Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayettt, Indiana, Under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, arifi at the special rate of postage provided for in section 11(18, act of October 3, 1917. authorized .January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings during the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily carrier for $1.26 for a semester: by tpail for $1.60 for a BCtnester, Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the Union.
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 42u Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Speed Demons . . .
Yester(3ay, today, and probably tomorrow as we walk across the campus, to and from our various classes, several times our heart jumps to our throats, as a youthful meteor in the form of a hurrying bicyclist, also going to or from class, whizzes by—much too close to be in harmony with our nervous system. It has come to the point where all but the most valiant are afraid to walk around certain corners without checking to be sure that they will hot be whisked from their feet and into the nearby bushes by some careless person sportin^.his. two-wheeled personality. While these young bicyclists are dashing around, they seem to have no thought for the mkss of humanity filling up the walk s all around them. We have seen them go flashing by us,, straight toward a group of people like an advancing tank. At the last moment, however, they, always swerve into, the hedge or ontp the grass of the campus—-feeling, we suppose, that it is safer there, because after hedges are run over and broken, the plants are unable to get up and knock the cyclist to the dirt.
We have also noticed other perfect examples of what not to do: speed-demons come flying down the campus walks—knock books from a student’s hands—and then keep right on flying without any attempt at an apology. During rainy spells, they dash madly by, spraying everyone within ten or fifteen feet with muddy water. It arouses, in us, the desire to throw a poker,, a ,chaining pin, or even a. crowbar into the front spokes df a “peddlin’ fool’’ just after he has frightened us out of a year’s growth. It would give “Doc” Miller a bit of excitement for a change, too. Seriously, however, some, not all by any means, of these speed demons are a menace, to the students. At least to their nerves, if not to their bones. There is no building on campus which cannot be reached by one of the mgny campus streets. . f fThose students and instructors who are riding a bicycle to save rubber and gas for the war effort do not seem to find it essential to stream hurriedly among the eds and coeds who are walking to class; on the other hand, these men ride their bikes in the street, after all they bought a license for that privilege, to a ppint as close as possible to their office and then get off and walk the rest of the way. We feel that a good many of these ‘b'ushrush” boys who feel that they must fly to class could profit by the instructors’ examples,, apd we also feel that they had better profit by the, instructor’s example before someone is seriously injured.—e.m.
• y DREW^PfARSON Hopkinses Leaving White House Brings No Regrets To Mrs. FDR; Mrs. R., Hopkins Relations Cool WASHINGTON—Only members of the Rooseyelt family knew it, but relations between Mrs. Roosevelt and Harry Hopkins for a long time, have been at the breaking point. It is with great relief, therefore, that Mrs. Roosevelt has received the news that Harry and his wife, the former Louise Macy, finally, have decided to move out of the White House and look for a home of their own. Relations have been so cool between Hopkins and Mrs. Roosevelt that her intimate friends and family say he has actually weakened her influence with the President. To get the full signifiaiice of this break it is important to recall that it was Mrs. Roosevelt who really promoted Harry Hopkins. She discovered him when he was a social worker in New York, first as director of the New York Tuberculosis and Health Association, later as director of the New York State Temporary Relief Association. FDR was then Governor of New York, but it was Mrs. Roosevelt, an ardent worker for the under-privileged, who pushed Harry with her husband. Household Hopkins Today, however, Mrs. Roosevelt’s closest intimates complain that Hopkins even usurps Mrs. Roosevelt’s household duties. On at least one occasion, for instance, he rearranged the seating at a White House dinner after the First Lady had given specific instructions to the major donio as to how thp guests were lo be arranged. The first news Mrs. Roosevelt had of the rearranged seating was when she arrived at the dinner table.. On another occasion Mrs. Roosevelt had an engagement with Elmer Davis, director of War Information, regarding a speech she was to deliver. Abruptly, Dayis telephoned cancelling the engagement. Mrs. Roosevelt blamed the cancellation on Harry Hopkins. Other incidents have come back to the family where Harry Hopkins has remarked to the President, “Look what your wife has said now,’’ or similar disparaging statements. The First Lady has confessed to friends that she has been upset and worried over the fact that hev husband has deviated sharply from his previous liberal policy and has been unwilling to adopt her progressive sugges.tions as lie once did. ' Harry And Winston She has blamed two people for this change—Harry Hopkins and Winston Churchill. It is no secret among White House intimates that she believes Hopkins worships the ground the British Prime Minister walks on, and leaps to promote his every wish. While Mrs. Roosevelt is a great champion of BritishAmerican cooperation, and herself pioneered the plan to permit British children to come to this country during the air raids of 1940, neverthele.ss she does not think that this countijy should follow blindly all British policy, or worship everything about the British. And she feels that her husband is too closely Swayed, for the good of the nation, by the ChurchiH-Hopkins alliance. NOTE: One thing which will bring a sigh of relief to all members of the White House staff when the Hopkinses move out, is the exit of Mrs. Macy’s poodles. “Mrs. Macy”, as Mrs. Hopkins is still called around the White House, has one room of the Executive Mansion devoted to her poodles. And woe be it to any of the Roosevelt grandchildren who opens the door of this room by mistake. Beaverbrook's Jewels 'The real story of the mysterious and much-denied emeralds which Lord Beaverbrook allegedly gave Mrs. Harry Hopkins for a wedding present can now be told. Lord Beaverbrook ancl the Hopkinses always denied that she received an emerald bracelet as a wedding present and this denial was absolutely correct. Actually the emeralds were given to Mrs. Hopkins by Jock Whitney, a long time fridiid whom many pe'pple expected would marry Mrs. Macy, but who married the former Mrs. Jimmy Roosevelt instead. Lord Beaverbrook gave the bride diamonds and therefore was quite correct in denying that he gave her emeralds. What happened was that Beaverbrook handed Hopkins a little package, explaining that it was a present for his bride. Harry put it in his pocket and did not open it until he arrived in the United States. Then, in order to pay customs, he sent it to a jeweler for appraisal. The diamonds were of an oldstyle cut and worth about $4,000. Inner Circle Debate Whether Hopkins was ehtically correct in permitting his wife to accept the gift is still a subject of debate inside the inner circle. Under a law passed in the days of George Washington, no federal official is permitted to receive a gift from a foreign government. This law, still on the statute books, was passed so that no government official would, feel under obligation to a foreign government. As a result Roosevelt has not been permitted to receive gifts of stamps for his collection, from foreign officials. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Heatili Service
Dear Editor: In browsing through the library last night I came upon a back issue of the Pharmacist. When I looked for^ a recent copy, I was surp/rised to find that there Were none. This aroused my curiosity. Why is it that such a fine‘publication was discontinued? I can see why the Agriculturist had to stop, but the pharmists aren’t raising corn. This general attitude of discontinuing things because of the war is‘getting to be a first class excuse to get put of doing a little work. Can it be that the. University students are becoming a little bit lazy? : I A general surveyj hastily made, shows that the Exponent staff, the Debris staff, and the Engineer staff are sadly deficient in the number of male Workers on the respective staffs. I am quite sure that it is not because of the lack of variety of (^subjects, for the above mentioned publications and the now discontinued Pharmacist and Agriculturist can surely supply anyone’s desires. ^
J.T.K.
Micha J." Schocken, third term mechanical engineer, entered the St. Elizabeth’s hospital on Monday, and Pvt. Howard Bonsteel entered on Tuesday. Admitted to the Home Hospital on Tuesday were; Virginia Archer, Wright Field; Pvt. Harry Aron; Sgt. Isdac K. Leevy; and Thontas Marshall, freshman engineer. Jeanette Radtke entered the WRH infirmary on the same day. ■ Student Health Service announces the'release of the following from the WRH infirmary: Edith Scott and Jacqueline Szold. The following were released from the Home Hospital: Raymond Summers, Ruth Ndlze, Pvt. J.i j; McQuade. Pvt. Harold C. Johnson, Sgt, Ronold. R. Reeder entered Home Hospital i Pvt. James Wade entered St. Elizabeth’s Hospital.
fBut, Doc. I pdfMie this appointment-^ith the understanding
that you were'overcrowded and unable to take care ^ . ; r f ■■
of all your patients.” Eta Kappa Nu
Qjt. JhjL
St. John’s Episcopal Church 6th and Ferry Streets Rev. R. F. Thornton, Minister . Service on Sunday—-Holy Communion at 8 a. m. followed by student breakfast in parish house at 8:30. ■ Morning service and sermon at 9:45. Topic of Rev. Thornton’s sermon is '‘Guidance.” St. Cecilia Choir of women and girls will sing under the direction of Mr. H. 1. Metzger.
by Handel. 6:00 —Sunday Evening Club. Supper will be served at 15 cents per plate. Following supper there will be an informal social hour and discussion. A feature of the program will be songs by Nicholas Hood. He will sing, “How Lovely Are Thy Dwellings,” and will lead in the singing of some of the familiar spirituals. '
... electrical engineering honorary, elected the following officers: R. E. Williams, president; J. P. Costas, vice-president; C. W. Baker, recording secretary; W. Robinson, corresponding secretary; B. G. Smith, bridge correspondent; J. A. Hendersen, treasurer.
St. Mary’s Catholic Church Columbia and 12th Streets Father Edward Holland, Student Pastor Sunday Masses at 6:30, 8 and 9:30 a. m. Confessions today from 3 to 6 p. m. and at 7:16 p. m.
Wesley Foundation 435 State Street Rev. E. R. Balsley, Minister 9:30 a. m.—Student church school. Dr. H. L. Creek, head of the University English department, will speak on “The Basis of Religious Education.” 10:40 a. m.—At the First Methodist Church, three blocks east the Wesley Foundation. Rev. Balsley will speak on “Specializing in the Impossible.” Miss Celonis DcKay will sing. , 5:15 p. m.—Student, program at Wesley Foundation. Picnic honoring the seniors; admission is 20 cents.
The Westminister Foundation The Westminster Foundation places special emphasis in its program on the Morning Worship service of the University Church. The church itself is the Foundation’s chief activity. Its membership is composed largely of students The ushers are students, the choir directoi*, the organist and the members of thd choir are all students. Usually ninety per cent of the members of the congregation are students. Just now many of them are in uniform, but students none the less. From the time the choir enters singing the processional hymn until the Choral Amen fol-
lowing the Benediction, the service endeavors to express, the |aspirations of the young people gathered there and the sermons seek to answer their questions and meetwtheir needs. , ■
' Lutheran Picnic Here are the facts for which you have been looking. Bring your friends and gather in front of Fowler Hall tomorrow at 2:15, for an afternoon picnic. If you’re late, we’ll see you at the Stadium picnic grounds. All servicemen are especially invited.
Hillel Foundation 116 Sheetz Street Rabbi M- H. Simon 10:30 a. m..—Services at Fowler Hall, followed by a luncheon for servicemen at Hillel House.
University Presbyterian Church North Street, Near Grant John W. Findley, Minister 9:30—Discussion Group led by Dr. G. H. Graves. 10:30—Morning Worship. Sermon by Reverend Maurice F. McCrackin, of Chicago. His subject will be, “I Don’t Feel Like It.” The choir will sing, “Holy Art Thou,”
ARC
COOL WASHED AIR
SUNDAY - MONDAY
mm ^ROGERS inlEOMcCAWS ^miFWA WAmSlHK-ALBmDEm
■ and—^
— ALSO — COLOR CARTOON
— LAST TIMES TODAY — HEART OF THE GOLDEN WEST JUST OFF BROADWAY G-MEN VS. BLACK DRAGON LATEST PATHE NEWS
How Green Were Our Lawns . . .
Last week we witnes-sed the following scene while waiting for a bus on the street corner in front of the Phi Delt house; A small group of service men, apparently nevixomers at the University, were more aware of the age-old axiom that the shortest distance between two points is a straight line than the fact that it took years of hard work and patience for countless numbers of pledges and actives to get their lawn into the shape which civilians and service men alike now take for granted. While, these service men were carelessly shuffling across the lawn, two former loyal residents of the fraternity house passed by and were greatly irritated to see their well-
kept lawn abused. In no short terms they informed the service boys that their was a walk and to be used for just that purpose. Fraternity lawns picture years of hard work and now in just a very short period of time, all this hard labor and worse yet, the beautiful lawns can be destroyed if something isn’t done about it. We are confident that most of these new men on campus have reluctantly left fraternity homes of'their own and they would be very irate at the thought of new occupants carelessly disregarding the property so graciously loaned for their use. We want every service man on campus to feel at home in his new place of residence and surely there is no better way to bring about this feeling than to treat the new surroundings with the same respect as he showed the good “ole” fraternity home he left.—c.j.w.
TA. I" Ajinusuaf lotfesV*
i'il' l„
A mRA/£/f HIT!
_ _AIIISSML m EDumW Htuss
Tho most exciting “other woman" you'yo ever mot! CHARLES COBURN • PETER LORRE • BReIjOA MARSHALL • DAME MAY WHITTY • ScMin Pliy by
Kennedy and Dos!) Dean • Music by Etlch WoKsang Korngold
Starting TOMORROW
LAST TIMES TODAY
%: TECHNICOLOR
NOW PLAYING
THEIR newest-gayest-greatest SLEIGH RIDE a'rockin' the Rockies 'vith Mirth, Maids and Music I
> Gene
Uens
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
StartS': ■■■ TdlldKkoy/
ETHEL WATERS CHESTER,! aadSh)^ LERA'HORHEy
lOUiS ARMSTRONG • HEX INGRAM duke EltINGTON ond his DrcliMira THE HAll JOHNSON CHOIR,
PLUS
— PLUS—GALS INCORPORATED — with — HARRIET HILLIARD LEON ERROL
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:15 P. M.
Tickets on Sale 10:30 P. M.
rto o«*
t'
km
■f\ ^
Army, Navy, Marine News
Saturday, AugusLZ, 1943
For Service Men, By Service. Men
..^i^
Navy Medical Service Gives Inoculations Bntertainment T|) V-l 2 During First Week At University Conimittee
Plan^ Actwity
Sailors, Marines Get Typhoid, Yeflow
Fever, Smallpox 'Shots' Sinc^ Coming Here
^ , By Pvt. H. E. W^Bt, V. S. M. C.
All V-12 navy and marine ttien sta'tioned here have, since the time of their arrival, been taking a series of innoculation shots. They will completely immune the men against typhoid, tetanus, smallpox and yellow fever. This is a standard series of innocu-
iations given to all naval officers and enlisted men.
The first week the men were here they received a typhoid shot and two more at vyeekly -—^— ,
G/ Insurance Deadline Here a r f rs Next Tuesday
Will Hiller To MC Service Men's Dance In Uriibri ^atlrboiiii TohigM k
intervals following that. This ness, patience, and efficiency Which shot is given partly for the is greatly appreciated,
protection while in training
and for their protection should they be suddenly called to duty. With this immunity creek water and other water not generally considered safe for human consumption may be drunk with safety if necessary. Two Tetanus Shots One tetanus shot was given the first week and another will be given next week. The shot given here is advanced and improved over the did method of tetanus (lockjaw)
The Scuttlehut
Review
By Pvt. J. M. Brown USMC According to latest reports received from Company E, a new rank has been created in the Mafine Corps—that of company clown. Whether this rank is above or below that of private has yet to be de-
immunity. Gun shot wounds, rusty termined, but Ken Follmar, first nails, cuts and barb wire cuts are man to officially hold the position common causes of infection. Under claims that it is almost as high as the old method fifteen hundred lieutenant. The situation came units of tetanus anti-toxin were about When Sergeant Summerhill, given to the victim. This resulted in ^CO ‘In charge of Company E obgiving many patients hives or ser- served the kntics of above mentionurn sickness. The new method is to ed Eollmar entertaining the boys in give two shots of the new tetanus chow line. Congratulations Ken, toxoid and then give a small booster you are now on the way up (or are shot at the time of infection. you going down ?) that famous A smallpox vaccination was also ladder of success,
given the first week. Most of the men had been vaccinated for small-
Bq Pfc. Qeorge Kester The initial meeting of a Battalion Recreation Committee, with representatives from each battery in the AST Unit, was held Wednesday night at Cary Hall. The purpose and possibilities of new recreational activities for the Army trainees, to expand the present entertainment program, were talked over and ideas gathered for use in the near fpture. T/5 Hal Cooperman bf “B” Battery was decided upon as chairman, a position which he held during the past term also. Other trainees completing tjbe cdmmittee as announced by Lt. Samuel Naismith, Battalion Recreation Officer, were: Sgt. John Bean and Staff Sgt. David Repass, “A” Battery; Tech. Sgt. Jerry Koetting, “B” Battery; Pfc. Clarence Hester and Pvt, Sanford Meisel, “C” Battery; Corp. Ben Sil-" vers and Pvt. John Malloy, “D” Battery. One of the projects discussed was the Battalion participation in the Army-Navy Happy Hour, August 21st. Sgt. Koetting was appointed to arrange and direct the Army portion of this serviceman’s show.
NE Frontier Defense
Proof of the all-American character of the ASTP trainee-body, if they still need it, can be found in manned the big guns down the ly around the campus. The red projectile, designed after the 156 m.m. shell on a circular field of yellow, is coast artillery by its colors and New England Frontier Defense by designation. The men wearing them lately manned the bisg guns down the New England Coast—the portion of our coastline nearest to our Europeap enemies. The red and yellow is inset on a green patch.
Letters To The Editor
-S-R-
pox several times prior to their enlistment and there were very few “takes”. 1 Yellow Fever Shots The shbt for yellow fever will be given next week. This was worked oilt by the Rockefeller Institution and is given to all naval personnel for protection if suddenly called to duty in tropical climates. A blood test has been taken on every man this ■week to determine whether or not ho has syphyllis, either through inheritance or infection since birth.
It was in the Marine Organization class that the question was raised which has officers and men of our Marine Corps still baffled. When a private meets a WAC officer on the street should he say, “Good Morning Sir”, or “Good Morning Madame?” Toss that one around for a while and see where it
gets you. —S-R—
The Navy really believes in the value of history since their regulations state that the student either passes the required courses in his-
A word of praise must go to the tory, or he is sent out to make some hardy working medical staff. They new history on the battlefields of have ha da great deal of additional the world. The choice is up to you work and have met it with a kind- fellows, but history rears its head
HAVING COMPANY?
IF YOUR PARENTS OR YOUR Best girl is coming TO THE CAMPUS TO VISIT YOU, THEY’LL APPRECIATE THE COMFORTS AND CONVENIENCES OFFERED AT THE PURDUE UNION. SO, RESERVE THE A ROOM AT THE
UNION CLUB
THEY WHl enjoy BEING ON iiiE tAMPUS.
-A-
RESERVATIONS MAY BE MADE AT THE EAST DESK. —♦—
JhsL fiWvdjUUL 14mofL
The Corner of the Campus— Flet the Center of Activities
no matter what you do. —S-R— A new version of “The Marines Hymn” donated by the WAC Second Regiment stationed at Drake University: “From the sand of old Daytona To the dust of Fort Des Moines We are in our countric/s service And there’s nothing we can’t loin” “Though the Army and the Navy Go to fight ’mid foreign scenes You will find the WAC’s are scrubbing The United States latrines. Are we going to let them get away with such sacrilege? —S-R— A major and a lieutenant were walking down the street. They met many privates, and each time that the lieutenant would return a salute he would mutter, “The same to you”. The major’s curiosity was soon aroused and he asked: “Why do you always say that?” The lieutenant answered, “I was a private once and I Icnow what they are thinking.” —S-R— Thoughts in passing. . . .The financial situation in Company E has reached such an acute stage that it’s now almost impossible to even borrow money.T) pay day where are you?. . . .The consensus regarding those low characters who threw coins on the stage at “Coed Capers” Saturday night is unanimous—such actions certainly have no place in a group which is supposed to contain our future Army, Navy, and Marine officers. . . .Those in charge of service men’s entertainment here at the University certainly deserve credit for the quality as well as the volume of entertainment provided. It’s a sure bet that not many places exist where the men are so well cared for. .. .Wedding bells will not ring .for V-12 Marines in spite of the hopes and plans of many, at least not until those coveted gold bars are in place. It’s too bad fellows, but regulations are regulations. —S-R— Much has been spoken and written in regards to coed attitudes toward servicemen here on the campus, but it is now pretty apparent that if met half way the girls are really more than willing to be very friendly. It is more to their credit that they did resent the initial actions of a few of the less cbnsidei’ate members of our group. —S-R— An outsider listening to the griping and growling which plays so important a part in Marine life might conclude that w^ are the un* happiest group of fellows ever as-' sembled, but oncthing to remember is that when a Marine, can gripe he is as happy as a pig in the sunshine. When he doesn’t gripe something is wrong with him. Griping is an art, just like goldbricking is an art, and its many principles must be learned before complete satisfaction is obtained from it. It is a well known fact that the more a Marine gripes and the louder he gripes, the better he likes the Marine Corps.
Dear Sir: I’ve been wondering how many of us remember what we’re training for. In about a year many of us here now in V-l2 of inarine training will be commissioned officers. We will rate a salute from the non-con officers in charge of us now, and you can bet your billet that we’ll get it. Just how many of us get that far is up to us and no one else. Officers have a lot to learn, and we’re learning a small part of it in a slow way. When we get to boot camp, we’ll appreciate this fact. We’re learning discipline, courtesy, and how to get along with other men. We’re learning something about drilling and are becoming more physically fit. All of these things are basic in officers’ training. When and if we see action, we will be partly or wholly responsible for the.lives and welfare of hundreds of men. Their lives and ours and a part in winning the war will depend upon what decisions we make, and how quickly we make them. I’d hate to go through life remembering that two or three hundred men had lost their lives because of something I had neglected to learn or something that I knew and had neglected to teach them. We have a great opportunity hei’e. We can start officers’ training and at the same time receive many hours college credit from one of the best schools. Uncle Sam didn’t hand us this chance on a silver platter though. He thinks that we have the stuff it takes to make officers, and it’s up to us to prove it. —Pvt. M. E. WEST.
By Pvt. Leo Friedman GI’s who haven’t obtained their National Service Life Insurance yet, or haven’t increased their coverage to the maximum permitted, $10,000, had better hurry up. The deadline for getting it without a physical examination is August 10. Originally, the physical examination was required for everyone who had not purchased insurance within 120' days after induction, bdt a special grace period of 120 days was set for all men in service last April, and it’s expiring Tuesday. In $1000 Units Insurance is sold in units of $1000, all premiums deductible from monthly pay checks. National Service insurance has a number of unique features in addition to this, rates substantially lower than those of commercial insurance coverage, a pro-rqted payment plan in case of death, assumption by the government of premiums in case of disability, and a conversion plan whereby those covered may, on '^heir discharges, convert their policies to whole life and 20 and 30 paymept life policies at rates substantially lower than is usually offered. Converted policies will be with the Veteran’s Administration. Insurance Has Advantages It is pointed out that failure to get insurance now may not only cause the needless future difficulties involved in securing a physical examination, but might lead to a lack of coverage later when it is most essential. Battery commanders will handle insurance orders for all men who wish to obtain policies, either additional or original.
Hdrry Reed's^ brehesfra. Five Men OF To Provide Music For Evening Of Fun
By T/S 3. Koetting
A/S Will Hiller, chairman of the service men's recrea^Gn committee, will serve as master of ceremonies to “l£e$p the show moving” at tonight's Service Men's Dance, it was announced yesterday by A/S J. H. Rutledge, publicity committee chairman. The double dance, slated to get under way at f p. m. in the adjoining North and South Ballrooms of the Union, ■■■ will feature the music of Har-
Tha Forum
By Pfc. Gabriel Elias
ry Reed and his orchestra, in the one room, while the Five Men of Note will provide the
rhythm in the other.
Couples who attend the dance will have the North Ballroom completely to themselves
Editor's Note: The ForUm is the service man’s personoi coiumn. Should he agree, disagree or not care, we wood like to know. Those wishing to talk about something different (within reason) that’s bothering
them, should write to the Forum, c/o the With no Cutting allowed, it waS
Exponent, Union Building,
out in this column.
We’ii hash it
agreed upon at a meeting of the Recreation Committee Wednesday night. This decision follows the practice of this year’s previous dances, which seem to have found
ANSWER TO FRANK HUNTER All letters from readers are welcome; yours was particularly appre-
ciated because it indicated a good the‘7xclusiora7at‘isfrctoTone
deal of thought.
Frank, you’re right; everybody in the United States does claim to be progressive, humanistic and demo-
Stags In South
Servicemen who come Stag, and the campus coeds, will have the
XT . , , 'T 1 • TT • T South Ballroom in which to get accratic. Nobody admits his Fascist • . . -j . t .. . j ' ,. ,, quainted; aided, abetted and en-
sympathies. Your question, then, “What does the Forum stand for?
couraged by the hosts and hostess-
Tx -x , • , • T 1 who have been appointed, A speDoes it desire change?’ is natural. ... , . ,. ... XT TT , ® , , ciarprogram and various activities
Na, Frank, the Forum does not . , , ,, . , . ’ , » . directed by the master of ceremon-
desire to change the American way
ies are designed to help the festivities and put the “mix well” recipe for fun. Details of these plans have been withheld by Hiller under
,, , X' - a claim of “military secrets”. It is soman world democracy concepts of , ., , .. . »-x >
known, though, that a bit of com-
of life; rather, it works and hopes for the ultimate realization of the humanistic ideals of the American Revolution, the Civil War, the Wil
munity singing has been threaten-
ed.
the first World War and the even broader Four Freedoms of this present war. No person of good will
ever sought to change the American Invited
way because every concept that is
Special invitations have been
humane, every principal of equality members of the To'wn Girls and justice ever discussed is em- Purdue coeds not attending bodied in the glorious tradition and present school session, hut liv-
Personnel Notes
heritage of the American people.
Democratic Tide vs. Fascist Side .x. , .r, , - . , rp, XI u X XI. Town Girls Club is represented on The present cleavage between the xi. tt x /-i -xx x, .-i xt.
ing in Lafayette or West Lafayette—to attend the dance. The
Companies scheduled to visit the Campus: The Glenn L. Martin Co., Baltimore, Md.—Date to be announced. Interested in August and December ^l.E., M.E., C.E.,E.E., P.S.E.
Democratic Tide and the Fascist the Hostess Committee by Cather-
Side is only a current reflection of
New badges, worn for identifica-
an old battle. Democracy is a grow . , , , ,
X. XU XU X u- • X • tion by the coeds and servicemen
ing strength that achieves victory m , , , ,
Wood Conversion Co., Cloquet, Minn.—Interested in M.E. Sign by Saturday, August 7. Chemical Warfare Service Development Laboratory, M.I.T., Cambridge, Mass.—Interested in August & December M.E., Ch.E., Chemists. Sign by Saturday, August 7. Aluminum Company of America, Lafayette, Ind.—Interested in Ch.E. Sign by Wednesday, August 11.
one field and then moves on to broaden its scope. Always the Fascist
Side arises to stem the Tide. When the American Revolution
concretized the idealism of the forces of the French Revolution, the essential aim was political:—freedom from rule by a foreign mon- ^
arch. In seeking to stem the Ameri- j^^tledge Chairman Ci'fv'nrrrvl •Prti' Q/vnoli-fir +V*rx .
who act as hostesses and hosts, are expected to make their first appearance at tonight’s affair. The committee, appointed earlier this week to design and prepare the new insignia, consists of Bobbiejean Riggs, Sgt. John Bean, ASTP, and S/2c George Halka, Electricians
can’s struggle for equality, the op- J. P. Rutledge, V-12, was ap-
pressing rulers raised a howl simi- chairman of the publicity
lar to the one we hear today, “The colonies are inferior; we are heav-
enly ordained to rule them.”
Face To Face
Four Teams Lead AST Softball League After Two Weeks
Tau Epsilon Phi
, . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers for the coming semester: Herbert Eckstein, chancellor; Dave Lozow, vice chancellor; Allan Shapiro, treasurer, and Norman i Strauss, scribe. i
At the end of the second week of regularly scheduled competition between army sections of the battalion, four teams are in the lead, A5, Dl, Al, and B4, however B4 has played only one game up to now. The number of foi-feits and no contest games has been alarmingly in the majority at the present time according to intramural office records. Although most of the sections have been represented at one time or another on the field, the number of unplayed games continues to mount. The present standings are listed below includirtg all army games played to date. Navy competition began Thursday with a good showing of navy sections. Trevious games will be considered practice matches. A single elimination contest between the sixteen top navy teams will begin around the middle of September, according to the intramui’al office secretary. All score books and equipment are to be turned into the fleldhouse check window after each evening’s play.
committee for the dance, at the meeting Wednesday night in Cary Hall of the Servicemen’s RecreatiPa Committee, which is sponsoring the
Today the Democratic Tide of all dance. Tech. Sgt. Jerry Koetting, kinds of equajity for all is facing the ASTP, and A.S. George Brecken.Fascist champions of oppressions ridge, V-12, Navy, are also acting on innumerable fronts. In the social on publicity committee, and racial field there is the struggle other members of the Recreation for unity against the knights of race Committee are: Staff Sgt. Dave hatreds; in the economic field the Repass, Sgt. John Bean and Ti<5 common man’s fear of unemploy- Hal Cooperman, ASTP; Pvt. Dan ment is locked against the en- Edwards, Pvt. James Hickey and trenched dynasties of wealth; in the Pvt. Joseph Burger, USMRC; and realm of Civil Rights, John Q. Pub- p. 3/c James Mikes of the Electrilic demands a voice in the agencies cians Mates School,
of public opinion, the radio and the
C2 C4 C7 D2 B5 C6 D4
.00 .00 .00 .00 .00 .00 .00
press, while the monopolists of these channels of expression howl brazenly, “Our civil rights are being invaded” whenever an inroad is cut
into their despotic monopolies. Godd Will vs. Selfish Will
Engineering Publication To Feature War Highfigljts
In the next issue of the Purdtt«
Section
A5 A7 B3 B8 Cl C6 D4 D6 F2 A4 B2 B5 B6 C6 Dl D2 C3 FI
Navy Stands Games Games Won Lost 1
Pet 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 1.00 .00 .00 .00 .00 .00 .00 .00 .00 .00
Always the struggle of the com- Engineer, scheduled to come out in mon man for equality against the near future, there will appear powers of oppression has represent- article by L.^ A. Umansky ened the same forces highlighted by titled “Engineering in- Wartime.^ the greatest of religious teachers -^-Iso appearing in this 'new issue two thousand years ago: The people ^ number of articles of wide of good will who are unselfishly mo- variety and interest, including tivated by whatever woud bring the “Bombers By Mass Production,” greatest good for the greatest num- “X-i’ay Goes to War, ^ Buna-S,, ber on one side combatting the peo- “Coal As A Source of Military pie of ill will who greedily grasp plosives and Gases,’’ “Steel Sheu the available power and possessions. Casings,” “Engineering High The men of good will preach uni- lights,” as well as special biographversal brotherhood of all races and io sketches on D. Ross and C. A.
all creeds in their churches and go Young.
out to battle for equality of bene- 1 11 fits for all. The power-hungry ity. -We, superior men, mmt be «l-
Army Standings
Army Softball
Notice Any students who wish to work for the Registrar during the registration for the semi-term, August 31 and September 1, will please leave their names at the desk in the Registrar’s Office. RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
Section
Games
Games
Monday, August 9—6:15
Won
Lost
Pet.
Diamond—
Dl
4
0
1.00
11—A 7 vs. C 2
Al
3
0
1.00
12—A 1 vs. C 1
B4
1
0
1.00
13—A 2 vs. C 5
C3
3
1
.76
14—A 3 vs. C 3
C6
3
1
.75
16—A 4 vs. C 4
D3
2 •
’ 1
.67
16—A 6 vs. D 4
A3
1
1
.60
17—A 6 vs. D 3
A4
2
2
.50
18—B 1 vs. B 3
A7
1
1
.60
19—B 2 vs. B 5
A2
1
4
.26
20—B 4 vs. B 6
AG
0
1
.00
21—B 6 vs. C 7
B1
0
1
.00
22—B 7-8 vs. D 1
Cl
0
1
.00
B6
0
2
.00
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
cleanse themselves in prayer, then trusted with power and possessieha go out to gather additional priv- order that we might safeguatd ileges and power to safeguard them- them for the many.” ,
selves against the natural clamor The Acid Test
of the many for equal advantages. Fortunately there is an acid test Always the Fascist Side, the men for removing the mask of benevoof ill will and selfish privilege, have ignce with which the Fascist SWfr disguised themselves and have dis- has clothed itself and erasing’ the torted the ideals of the Democratic blot of impractical mystic foreignTide. In colonial days the tyrants ism with which the Democratic Tid& cried, “The colonists are slime. They has been smeared. First, does tSia need our benevolent rule.” In the person, act or suggestion accept the Civil War the cry was, “They are fact of the equality of all- men babies. They have not the mentality (equality of opportunity. tO' rule for equality.” In the first ami sec- themselves and to share in tile ond World Wars the German super- world’s benefits?) Thenx does tlW’ men say, “Only we are fit to own and person, act or suggestion seek ta rule. We shall save the world from bring about the greatest good for decadence.” And in our midst the the greatest number without Bmi' Fascist Side pounds every day tation of any kind? This simple teSi through his monopolies of the eban- has ever unmasked the Fascist nels of expression, “We love the rant because he is too pi’omineutt)r common man but he is incapable of obstructive to conceal himself b^
economic, social and political equal- yond recognition.’ ‘^1^'
'‘mr
Purdue Exponent
\
Saturday9 August 7, 19^^^
Football Team Shows Improvement In Scrimmage
Burnham Experiments With Various Lineups
Grandstand Echoes
By Russ Lipes
Speech Students Hear Classmates At Wed. Convo
nervousness, with the result that they were playing much better football yesterday. Head Coach Burnham has shifted his lineups around with the result that the offensive and defensive teams ai-e much better balanced. Most of the gaining on
KUPCHICK WINS FLIGHT 'B' GOLF TITLE; LAMB ENTERS FINAL ROUND Nick Kupchick became the first
Speech 14 students attended a convocation Wednesday night at
torium to hear five of their class mates pi’esent speeches. The convocation is part of the regularly scheduled speech curriculum and has been held for the last ten years. Speakers for the evening were F. J. Batug, who spoke on “Camoflauge”; J. A. Rodgers, “PT Boat
T. n J J X ^ -.nxo TD 1 1 -.a- THREE DAYS OF SCRIMMAGE
Football candidates for the 1943 Boileimakei glldiron sea- Only three days of actual contact work have been completed by the son completed their third day of scrimmage yesterday showing football squad, but they already are looking very much improved ovep quite an improvement over their first day’s contact work. While their first day’s scrimmage. Elmer Burnham has had a good chance to the first dav was marked by several long runs and gaping holes observe the performance of his candidates, and as a result he has been-co-t-flaU U^htv, o-nU inot ruriaf to switch the lineups around so that there is even balance between weuncbudj^ xngni, ay
in the lines, the fellows have settled down and lost most ot their . i 7:15 in the Home Economics audi-
offensive and defensive squads. There are some players who showed up “ very well in the drills preceding the scrimmage sessions, but who look
like a horse of a different color in contact work.
The passing of Darr has shown that he has some very good possibilities, and he is also a good runner. Of particular notice is backfield candidate Parker. Though rather heavy, he is one of the speediest backs on
the squad and is very conscientious about his work. EEILE REPORTS FOR CROSS COUNTRY
Present at the meeting of cross country prospects yesterday was Illi- Tenders”; H. IirUohn, “Testing at
the ground is being done by the full- competitor in the annual All-cam- nois’famous freshman distance star, Charlie Beile. At the present time Aberdeen Proving Ground”; G. J. backs, and several promising pass pus golf tournament to defeat all stationed here in the Marine Corps Reserve, and intends to seek a Alaback, “Rocket Power”; and E. J. combinations have been uncovered, opponents and win a title, when he *e squad for next season. When asked how he thought it would Resor, “Hydrogenation of Oils”. No Serious Iniuries outlasted eight others to win the rnx^nmg for another school next season he replied, “Running is Purpose of Convocation The ever present injury bugaboo Flight “B” laurels. running as far as I am concerned, regardless of whom I run for.” The purpose of the convocation has had its share of victims, al- In the championship and “A” Another distance runner who has made quite a name for himself is Tom is to allow those students who haVe though none of the casualties have Flights the competition has reached former Indiana star, who is also stationed here with the Marines, above average speaking to gain exbeen really serious. Several players the semi-final round. Charles Lamb Although he was not present at the meeting he has indicated his inten- perience in speaking before a large are on the injured list because of defeated John Wiske to be the first tions of tryinput for the team Many writers have tagged him as being a aydience. Speech students had the stiff muscles and charley-horses, to enter the final round in the second Campbell Kane, if not better. choice of attending their regular while there have also been cases of Championship fiight.^He is sched- SPUTTERINGS class and taking a test or attending twisted and sprained members, uled to play the winner of the Two former Riveter gridiron players have reported for practice at convocation and grading the Possibly the best explanation for match between Red Mackey and Camp Grant. They are Bill Burghardt and John Andretich, both back- speakers. these injuries is the fact that the Harrison for top honors. field men. . . . The Army once more has reiterated its statement that men Speakers were selected by each jump from running around and Larry LaBree of the P.E. staff, Army will not be allowed to compete in varsity athletics. It looks speech class and were further sedrilling in shorts to doning a com- after defeating H. Shechter, is aren’t sure that people believe them.. . . Jewell Young, member Tected by the speech staff. They rep-
of the point-a-minute Riveter basketball squads several years ago, has I'esent the best speakers in Speech
just received his commission as an ensign in the Navy. . . . Seen at foot- classes.
ball practice Thiu’sday: Tony Berto, former Riveter football and base- Topics for the talks were instrucball player, with his new ensign’s unifoim. . . . Marine Pvt. Andy Phillip, t’ons on some phase of a technical,
Darr, a quarterback has dis- Tournament officials have an- ^oi’^er Illini basketball and baseball star-, is now pitching for Notre pi'ofcssional or military topic played an outstanding technique in nounced that all of the matches Dame. Notre Dame’s diamond squad has been spending the summer op-
the art of tossing passes, and is al- be completed by Wednesday, Posing service nines,
so quite a good man when it comes August 11.
to running the ball. Butkevich and ________________
Milla are a couple of powerhouse fullbacks with plenty of drive as is Mihal, brother of the famous Joe Mihal who stan-ed on Boilermaker elevens for three seasons. Some brilliant and tricky running has been shown by Dubicki, Cycenas,
Tetek and Parker.
Another boy to watch is a quartei’back by the name of Elliott. Though not any too big he has a lot of fight and really drives down the field when carrying the ball. He al-
so is an adept passer.
Bauman and Hoffman are a cou-
Fifteen Runners Attend Cross Country Meeting In answer to Homer Allen’s first callout for prospective cross country runners, approximately 15 students and V-12 tfainees attended a meeting yesterday in which the coach outlined preliminary plans for the coming season. Several members of last years’ track and cross country teams were present at the meeting. Included among this group is Ed Ericsson, Larry Nielsen, Hans
y. C. Meredith Releases Ballot
plete uniform and engaging in con- scheduled to meet J. B. Feuquay in tact work is quite a steep one, espe- the final round of the “A” Flight, cially with the weather as warm as Pequay advanced to the final round it has been. by defeating Chief Clevett.
IM Schedules
Intramural Office immediately after
play.
Ward Tennis Singles
The championship round of the Ward Tennis Singles, between W. A. Woods, 71061 and J. A^na, 5821,
must be played before
All Campus Golf
The following matches in the All Campus Golf must be played off
Monday this week-end. Wednesday is the
Tomato Day Opens Here
Prof. L. S. Winch presided over the affair which was held in the Home Economics auditorium because of marine testing in the
Fowler Hall.
Dettwyler, Bob Young and Bob Mannfel^. Among the candidates were several runners who have had previous experience in collegiate competition at other schools. Most known to Boilermaker track followers is Charles Belle, who starred at Illinois last season. Two trackmen from Missouri, Jack Exler and Illish, also signified their intentions of joining the Riveter squad. Dick McCarthy, Iowa; runner, is the other candidate that has previous experience. Others Attend Others attending the meeting were Calvin Davis, Gerald Hines, John Wahl, Maurice Pifer, Clark White, Richard Phillips and James
Daggy.
Coach Allen explained to the candidates that they would hold informal workouts until about September 1 when Head Coach Hermon Phillips plans to start the regular practice sessions. Allen made several suggestions to the runners for their informal training period.
Notices
StaS Members: Members who wish copiee
morning. Results must be in to the deadline for completion of Intramural Office by Monday morn- tournament. Please plan to play as
ing. ' scheduled: Championship Flight
Ward Horseshoes Chas. Lamb, 5814 vs. winner of
Tomato day was observed yes-
terdav at the Tlnivorqitv with cpv <-atalague may Bet them by telethis univeisity Wltn sev- phonmg the edUois’ ofTice or callinK in per-enty-five representatives of can- '>«”• —sodden ning and fertilizing concerns from AII Fraternities: Any fraternity that h.as Tndiann niiri Tllinnic iivDoont fnv thn “P its house for the duiation and rnaiana ana Illinois piesent loi the ,,|jp j,, student Senate oiTice
or chapter metinES should get in touch
vith Al Lindbkoog at 2963.
—LINDSKOOG
Classified Ads
will be finished Monday evening at
pie of good defensive ends while 4:15 with the following contestants
one day conference.
. „„„„ „ , Delegates toured the experimen-
The Ward Horseshoe tournament Harrison 8286 & Mackey, 3076 being conducted by the
botany and agronomy departments
Buschemi has displayed a lot of speed in getting down the field and under passes. Other standout linesmen include Agase, DeFilipo, McMillan, Butler and Kasap.
pitching for the championship: B. H. Hobson vs. M. Strutz R. Reinking vs. R. Gallmeyer G. W. Miller vs. winner of Reinking & Gallmeyer
‘A” Flight
J. B. Fequay, 81044 vs. winner of H. Schechter, 81571 & LaBree,
3076
on plant breeding and fertilizing, u,n"pori!‘’ui"aU™livrtt
staiting at 9:30 a. m. fiom the Horticulture Building. In the afternoon Dr. George Scarseth, head of the agronomy department, spoke on “The 1950 Method of Fertilizing
Horseshoes Contest In Semi-Final Round With the completion of the first day of play in the Ward Horseshoe
All Campus Tennis Singles All matches in the All Campus
Tennis singles must be completed through the semi-final bracket by Monday morning. Semi-finals must be played by Wednesday evening. Following are the matches to be
tournament on Thursday the field played over the week-end. No addiof seventeen contestants was re- tioiial time will be granted on these
duced to five, with three men quali- matches.
fying for the semi-final round. One Ray Morgan, 71904 vs. E. E.
contest yet remains to be played in Lowery
the quarter final round. Warren Easley vs. winner of Nat
In the semi-final competition that Laskin, 66102 & Bob Linblad, 2187 silon vs. Navy Flight 1
+„ .,x. a.-ic „„ ]-)_ Martin, 2443'vs winner of R. W. Platt, 8444 & Dave Koehler, Coeds at Michigan State are de-
4729
Fraternity Archery
Fraternity Archeiy, which was
scheduled to bo played Thursday Tomatoes”,
evening, has been postponed to Professor Skiver, of the agronTuesday evening, August 10 at omy department, spoke on “Toma4:15. Equipment will be available to Growing in 1950” followed by a at the archery range on this eve- round table discussion on fertiliz-
ning All contestants must be on the ers,
All Students; Ary students who wish to woik fox the RoKistiar dining: the reKistra-
1 and«6Gpnameb at
the desk in the Rtnistrui’b OiTicc
—STONE
August Graduates: All men EnK'inecrinj? and Science priad’uites should repoit to the J*ci->0111101 Oihco as soon as pobsible to complete their personnel cards. Also, faculty recommendation sheetb .should be turned in bcfoie Riaduation. --CASON
range promptly at 4:15.
Fraternity Playoffs
Monday, August 9—6:45
Diamond—•
1 Lambda Chi Alpha & Sigma
Pi vs. Beta Sigma Psi
Freshman En^-ineers: All fieshmun cnirincer-? will meet Situiday, Auj^ust 7, at 8 a. m. as follows: First term ireshmeii in Lctluu Room EE Buildmi;. Second teim fieshmtn cntrineiis iVntt accordinjr to school choices a-> followChemical and Metal-
ind motion pictures on time- ku-Kical Enpinccis m Chimical and Metal-
lurgical EriLiineeunji: Buildiny:; Civil Engineeis in Civil Eiu^rinet rnnr Buildinp:, Mechanical and Acionautical EnKineors in Mechanical EnuinecnnK Buildinji: . Electrical Enjriruer's i>i Elcetntal Enj^meei injr Buildinjr Rooms in which the j^ioups W'llI meet \/ill be found pn‘«te(l at main entrance of each buiklinK. Impoitant that all fieshmen be piesent. —KNAPP
study in peeling tomatoes conclud
ing the conference.
Commencement Set For Aug. 15
scheduled to start at 4:15 Monday afternoon on the University courts located by the Stadium, Ben Hobson will meet M. Strutz
while Gil Miller will play the winner of the quaiter-final match between R. Reinking and R. Gallmey-
er.
History Of The
Paper Halted By Printers' Strikp In 1921
2 Pi Kappa Phi & Sigma Phi EpCommencement will be held for the 71st time on Sunday, August 15, at 2:30 p. m. in the Music Hall. A
pending on the army to change their processional led by University offiG. N. Vriens, 46483 Vfe. Ed Wells, anticipated ratio for the coming trials will precedd graduation exer4031 year. In the past the ratio held at cises. R. W. Abbott vs. winner of Ed thiee men to one woman but now a Advanced military students in Wells and Vriens decided change of ten women to one ROTC will receive certificates of Please report these scores to the man may take place. proficiency instead of commissions
in the rescive. A number of V-12 students will receive degrees, and
All Students: Do you waul to jyo on a picnic Sunday aftcinoort*’ Well, then lead thr* chuich column oi the Satuiday Exponent lor fuithor information -LUTHERAN STUDENTS ^ Debris: The banquet is to he hold in the Fowkr Hotel Satuidai, Aui>:u>t 7, at 7 p. m. Keys and comps will be niven out at that time. —WISKE Tau Beta Pi: MeamK to elect new’ oliita rs will 1)0 hekl Monday, August '), at 7*1') p. m. in room 303 ol the Union. This is a \tiy impoitant meilupr, try to be jiresent. YINGST Student Senate: 1‘icnic will be held on Sunday. Au'4:u^t 8. Meet in Senate olTice at 3 p. m. Monty will be collected —THOMAS
Typewriters: Adding: macnines, all makes Bold, rented repaired and purdhaaed. Mimeograph work done. C. J. EbershofT, 60B Main» Lafayette. Phone 2779. y Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Oftice, 407 Columbia. Help Wanted—Student for 30 to 45 houis per week lor work directly ielated to war effort. Probable deferment for duration of pioject. Salary dexiendent mion qualifications. See W. IB. Ligett, Room 214, Chemistry Building. Waiter wanted to woi'k in fraternity house. Those interested please call Lairy Fleischman, 7724. Lost—Lord Englin wrist wacen in men’s lest room on second fiooi of Union. Leath'T strap. Call 7016 for Noiman Atz. Large
reward.
Wanted—Students to deliver the Exponent three days a week. Apply at the Circulation Department in the Exponent office. Wanted—Three men students to do general janitor work, one hour daily and three hours on Saturday in exchange for private apaitmcnt with piivate bath, kitchenette, electnc lefrigerator, individual beds with inner spiings, and all utililies furmsh<“d. Write, stating personal (luaUfications: age, draft status, year in school, religion, etc. Box 100, Exponent. Female Help Wanted—Girls with two or more years of college credit Apply at Waterman School, Cincinnati, Ohio. Lost Tuesda.v—Pan of shell iim glasses. Phone 5225. Sidney Lanier. Buy War Bonds
Virginia C. Meredith, home economics club, announces the -following ballot of officers for the fall in-tra-session:'president, Betty Doster; vice-president, Martha McCulloch; secretary, Marilyn Turner; treasurer, Jean Huston; eighth term representative, Betty Young and Anna Shively; seventh term representative, Patricia Huber and Marian See; sixth term representative, Evelyn Erickson and Madge Huff; fifth t^rm representative, Martha Schenck and Prances Wilbur; fourth term representative, Kay Kramer and Gloria Musgrave; and third term representative, Mildred Maple and Marjorie Galbreath. Election of representatives will be held in the Home Economics Building on Tuesday from 8 a. m. to 12 noon. Further nominations should be turned in to Betty Doster or Miss Beyer in the Home Ec
Building.
Kappa Delta Pi . . . national education honorary, announces the election of the following officers: president, Doris Compton; vice-president, Carl Feaster; secretary^ Catharine Leuty and treasurer, Sarah Andrew. Try An Exponent Classified!
Lou Costello and Ginny Simms bring an entirely new brand of com-edy-romance to the screen in Univcrsal’s spectacular new Abbott an^d Costello funfilm, “Hit The Ice.” Mars now playing.
Exponent
cthoi chapters
Misit> at tin past attend the meeting.
attending .ht Umtime are urged lo
- PONDER
class on the duties of an army engi- and throughout the whole paper, neer. Four days latei an article ap- The editors of the Exponent durpeared about a former University ing these years of prospei ity but student who was teaching trench relative inactivity v/ere Allen Da-
,, 4. ,1 'ii J, 1 . Alpha Zeta: Elodion of oil icon, will these together with other graduat- hcis m uiom sos of the Union at 7:3o p. ing .servicemen will wear caps and ^*’“.‘'’‘'■0. August 12 All members
gowns over their uniforms. Baccalaureate sci vices and Presi-
dent Elliott’s open house have gone the way of most luxuries in wartime, since no alumni can be present due to transpoitation problems.
Roger Williar bo luld Sunday. Chinch al 5‘1‘)
IS Foundation: Picnic will August 8 Moil at Baptist ) m Cost will 1)0 20 cotUs.
—ARTMAN
Buy War Bond.s And Stamps
Editor’s Note: 'J'his is the second in a series of articles on the History
of the Exponent.
digging in Wa.shingtoii, D. C. On Apiil 3, 1917, President Wilson asked Congress foi a declaration of wai against Germany, and President Stone, of the University, an-
vis, William Gude, Baiton Gebhart and Ray Kelsey. A comic stiip called “Billy Stiff’” by Alexander was the only tyjie of picture entertainment that was featured in the
nounced tliat a special convocation paper, foi the movies were just comfoi stiident.s only would be held to < ing into their own and beginning discuss the war situation. to realize the value of advertising. From Apiil 3 on, the main topic The paper in 1926 was 14% by ol conveisation on the campus and 20 Vi and consisted of 24 galleys of in the Exponent was the war. The copy. C. B. Libbert was made edicadet cor])s at Purdue was ordered toi in 1926, and it Was under his to have additional drill in piepara- management tliat the paper took on tion for seivice m Fiance. The Ex- new life and became something to poiicnt was able to continue jiu^jli- look at in its make-up. Libbert recation during the World War; but mained in office until March 2, 1927, because of a printers’ strike tliat and was replaced by P. W. Jones, .‘-taited on Api il 20, 1921, and last- the foi mer sports editor. Jones at
up to 1915, was until May 18 of the same year, once had the opportunity to cany a Memorial Gym- the staff was finally foiced to mar through his ideas in having a “sexy”
an aiinost perfect record of daily makeup. This wonderful news break
By Jack Abbelt
Up until 1903 the pajiei had remained in the hands of the literary societies; but when 1911 rolled around, ties were broken completely with jLhe “outside world”, so to speak, and the electoral boaid was limited to members of the jiapei’s staff and the faculty board.
The Exponent, campaigning foi
nasium and an express service between Lafayette and the University. 'Phe Exponent had also siqiported the YMCA and the YWCA, and was campaigning for a Student Union Building as early as 1915 and the
publication.
Gonser> alive Times
4’he consei vativeness of the times began to --liow in the paper between 1921 and 1926, and the jiaiier toolv
was brought forth in the form of the jiroposed Memorial Union Building. Jones’ paper could bo conqiared in makeup to tlie Chicago HeraldAmerican because of the largo
light for the seniors to wear caps ^le make-up of the present day amount of hold face heads and the
and gowns to commencement Indication ol M orld War I
The first indication in 1914 that war had come to the Exponent was the aiinounceiiient that a former
New Yoi k 'J'jines. All the heads were two and thiee line drops, and veiy lew of them were two columns wide. 'J'he Exponent had a greater vai iely ol news, and more stories
University student was teaching a weie ajqieai ing on the front
heavy black streamers that decorated the top of his pages whenever he felt that there wa.s a stpiy that deserved such a head, or hiiil(]-up. .(To be continued)
Charles Boyer and Joan Fontaine are co-starred rn Warner Bros.’ lilniization ol Margaret Kennedy’s lamed love .story, “The Conslant Nymph.” Starts tomorrow at Lafayette Theatre.
Don't wait till the last minute!
Vacation Is On,Its Way PREPARE FOR IT BY GETTING YOUR CLOTHES IN A-1 SHAPE
Phone 4081
DELIVERY FREE
Nort-hwestern at Vine Street
'V
V
! I
f