t
' I
mmmm
TTW,
/ (
if
/
This Newspaper > .Is Published Each Morning By and For Studepts of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
SATUBDAY February 5, |93B le^ayotte, buSaaa VOL 49 No. 109
BeMemakers Tackle Indiana Tonight
Board Of Control Casts ^Of Thee I Sing^ Leads
Juniors Will Vie In Hanley Speech Contest Tuesday Hanley Speech Contest finals for juniors will be held in the faculty lounge of the Mepiorial Union Building Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. A preliminary tryout will be run Monday at 4 p. m. in room 301 of University Hall, the winners competing Tuesday. Sponsored by the professional engineering societies, the contest is for engineering students, and they must speak on some phase of economics. The judges, whose names have not yet been announced, will represent the engineering, economics and speech departments. The winner will receive a financial handbook recommended by Dean Potter, and first and second place winners will go to the finals on March 3. In the finals the winners of all classes will compete, and the first and second places will receive $50 and $20 respectively. Huiigarian Dramatist Will Lecture Friday “The Theater Yesterday and Today” will be the subject of a talk to be given by Miss Charlotte de Hajek, a native Hungarian dramatist and lecturer, in the Home Economics auditorium Friday at 4 o’clock. This lecture will be open to the general public, while a second on “Hungarian Peasant Arts” will be given February 12 at 9 and 10 a. m. for student groups. Miss de Hajek received her B. A. degree at Vassar in 1929 and her M. A. at the University of Budapest, where she received a stage manager’s diploma from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts. She was the first woman in Europe to become stage manager of the Royal Hungarian National Theater. Miss de Hajeck will be present for student conferences in the Union, Friday from 1 to 3:30 p. m. before her lecture. “Hungarian Peasant Arts” will be illustrated by slides, motion pictures, recordings, and dances performed by Miss de Hajek in costume. '
Marge Sfarretf, Sal Palma, Alberf'a Schmadel And Fred Ahrens Selected For Principal Roles By L. A. Jacobson Sifting through record cards and rating sheets, watching tryout after tryout, “Of Thee I Sing’s” board of control after four long and hard days of routine eliminations V last night finally cast the principal leads for the forthcoming musical production. Marge Starrett, that petite personality who has sung herself into the hearts of many eds and co-eds this year, rates feminine first lead, the part of “Mary Turner.” Co-starred with Marjorie is Sal Palma who will continue his career as “Purdue’s romantic singer of songs” in the male lead role of “President Wintergreen.” Voices Should Blend “Marge’s sweet soprano voice should blend perfectly with Sal’s mellow tenor,” approved Exponent editor and control-board member “Rip” Manion last night. The supporting cast is headed by Alberta Schmadel and Fred Ahrens, who are to play the sub-leads of “Diana Devereaux” and “Vice-President Throttlebottom.” Musical Director A1 Stewart last night commented, “In Alberta we have one of the finest voices on the Purdue campus; in fact one of the finest on any campus!” Ahrens’ performance in such campus musicals as “Carmita” and “Castles in the Air’’ is adequate proof of his talent in comedy roles. Mary Ed Johnston, of Varsity Show fame, was given the part of “Miss Benson,” while Bennie Burns takes the role of “Jenkins.” Others in the supporting cast will be Bernard Everett, Dave Thompson, Keith Kirkpatrick, Bob Heine, George Claypole, Ray Ziegler, and Paul Worcester. H. Kenn Carmichael, dramatic director of the show, stated last night that two parts are still uncast, and that the persons to fill these roles will be announced in Tuesday’s Exponent, as will the names of all extras and members of the choruses.
Dr. Remmers Appointed Psychology Chrdrman Dr. <H. H. Remmers of the psychology department has recently been appointed publications committee chaii’man of the section on education of the American Association of Applied Psychologists. •The work of this committee is to consider all the problems of publications clearing them up to prepare a periodical report of recommendations. It will also have the task of making a survey of the interests of the professional group who are now serving as psychologists in schools and colleges.
Indiana Weather
Jim
Forecast for the State: Increasing cloudiness with rain Saturday. Cold in west portion in the afternoon or evening. Sunday fair or slightly cloudy. Local Temperatures: Low, 27, at 6 a. m. yesterday; high, 44, at 9 p. m., yesterday; mean, 35.5.
New Frozen Foods Plant May Locate On West Side
By R. E. Insley Quick-frozen meats, fruits, and vegetables in privately rented lockers in a new $20,000 refrigerating plant is the boon local cooks are looking forward to if plans, now under way by a local firm, manure. Foods of ally quantity, quality, size, and shape adaptable to quick freezing may be stored until needed in a privately owned locker and maintained at constant temperature in this newly proposed plant. Service Institution Organized primarily as a seiwice institution rather than a sales corporation, the new frozen foods enterprise would offer cooks and home owners an opportunity to store meats, vegetables, and fruits under ideal conditions and constant care in a roomy locker secured by a conventional Yale lock. Besides the storage'service, locker patrons may purchase,_at wholesale prices, any quantity of foods they desire and have them cut to proper size, wrapped, labeled, and stored in their
lockers (at 10 degrees above zero) until “company comes.” Containing 600 lockers, the new structure would be approximately 45 feet by 65 feet, one story high, and contain a 15 ton direct expansion ammonia cooling plant for the maintaining of the ideal temperature in the lockers and the chill room. The chill room, capable of holding 175 quarters of beef simultaneously, has controlled humidity and teriiperature necessary in the proper aging or cooling of meats prior to processing. Wholesale Prices For nominal service charges, a consumer may have access to a locker, have his sausage ground and prepared fresh, have his hams cured and smoked by the “good ole fashioned” hickory wood method in the corporation’s own smoke house, and buy meats and vegetables at wholesale prices for future use. According to the Consumer’s (Continued on page 4)
WRH To Hold Open House Tomorrow Tomorrow from three to five in the afternoon Women’s Residence Halls will hold their fourth annual open house for all students and faculty members. One thousand individual invitations have been dispatched to faculty members and the heads of student organizations, onehalf of the guests being invited to the south hall first, and the rest to the north hall. The girls will act as hostesses in conducting guests through the halls, and in serving refreshmehts. Open house, which has been attended by 800 to 1,000 annually in the past three years, will be the first op portunity for many people to see the inside of the North Residence Hall which was opened last September. Weiss To Address ASME Wednesday C. R. Weiss, of the Link-Belt Company of Indianapolis, will address the student branch of the AS ME at their first meeting of the semester on February 9 at 7 p. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. “Chain Drives and Their Relation to Conveying Problems” is the subject of Mr. Weiss’ talk, which Will be illustrated with slides. Everyone who is interested is invited by the ASME officials to attend. ^ F. B. KnigKt To Talk In Indianapolis Today Dr. Frederic B. Knight, head of the division of education and psy chology, will speak to the Indiana Town and City Superintendents’ Association today in Indianapolis.
Mixer Bulletin TODAY Orchestra—Lou Schilling Time—9 p. m. to midnight Price—One Dollar.
Debaters To Meet Marquette Today Today at 2 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building the varsity debate team will meet the Marquette team on “The National Labor Board.” Mack White and Bert Bohlin will speak for Purdue, according to Robert Horn of the speech department, but no word has been received as to the names of their opponents. Four other Purdue teams will journey to DePauw today also to engage in a debate tournament with a number of southern Indiana Colleges. They will be accompanied by L. S. Winch of the speech department. AH Club To Present Old Enilish Legend A pageant re-enacting the famous legend of King Charles II in which the monarch knighted the loin of beef, will be staged by members of the Animal Husbandry Club at the Home Economics Building February 17, at 6 o’clock. The origin of this colorful event dates back to the seventeenth century, at which time the British monarch decided to place the “loin of beef” among the other delicacies that satisfied the fancies of nobility. Since then the ceremony has been preserved as an honored tradition down through the centuries. This ceremony was made a feature of the Chicago Century of Progress and also the 1933 International Live Stock Exposition. Guests will be served from the loin of a yearling Angus steer, bred and fed by the department of ani^ mal husbandry at the University. All animal husbandry students, including winter course students and animal husbandry staff members, are invited to attend by the Animal Husbandry Club. Committee Plans '38 Ag Conservation Details of the 1938 Agricultural Conservation Program were explained and reviewed at a state meeting of district supervisors and memljers of the Indiana Agricultural Conservation Committee in the Memorial Union Building yesterday. Ralph Moyer, head of aerial photography for the north central region states, and Calvin Otten, also a north central region official, attended the conference from Washington, D. C. Vallely Returns Union Manager Lloyd M. Vallely returned to the' University yesterday noon from Ashland, Wis., where he attended the funeral of a grandmother.
8^500 To Watch Hoosier Rivals In Action At 7:30
PURDUE
Young Sines or Fisher Anderson Dickinson or Malaska . Yeager
PROBABLE LINEUPS
Position INDIANA - - F Johnson .. F Platt . C Birr G Andres
. G Huffman
OFFICIALS—Referee, Getchell, St. Thomas; umpire, Levis,
Wisconsin. Place—^Fieldhouse. Time—7:30 p. m. BROADCAST—WBAA, Purdue University: Take advantage of Exponent service and call 5037 for results of tonight’s encounter with the Hoosiers.
Purdue’s chance to pull up closer to Northwestern’s Big Ten pace-setting quintet will be at stake here tonight as the speedy Boilermakers tackle Indiana’s dangerous, unpredictable combination in a crucial game that will provide the first meeting of the season between the traditional Hoosier rivals. The game has been a complete sellout for over two weeks, and a capacity
crowd of 8,500 will fill the Boilermakers’ new Fieldhouse. Coach Everett Dean’s combination which holds an overtime victory over Illinois, the lone conqueror of the Boilermakers so far this season, is expected to force a freescoring battle that will test the stamina of the racing Lambertmen to
the limit.
Although Purdue holds a topheavy superiority in the series with the Crimson, having won 21 out of 26 starts since the World War, the competition has been much keener than the series standing would in-
dicate.
Same Line-up Coach Ward Lambert intends to stand pat on virtually the same combination that has carried Purdue to 11 victories against a lone defeat so far this season. Jewell Young, Big Ten scoring champion at one forward; Gene Anderson at center, and Elwood Yeager at one guard are virtually certain starters. Either the veteran Johnny Sines or Dan Fisher, fast developing sophomore, will pair with Young at forward, while Tom Dickinson and Pat Malaska, speedy-dribbling veteran guards, are expected to share the other defensive post.
Soprano To Supplement Songs With Continuity Mrs. Herbert James, soprano, who will be the guest artist in the music room of the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m. tomorrow, will follow the development of Italian music from the earliest times up to the present day compositions. After each number, information will be given concerning the selection and the composer. Mrs. Haven Smalley will be the accompanist. Mrs. James graduated from the music school at the University of West Virginia, and later she did graduate work at Harvard Uxuversity and the New England Conservatory of Music.
Book Exchange Closes New Organization Does $2^500 Business
“Students who have not yet claimed their money must do so between 10 a. m. and 4:30 p. m. today in room F of the Union. All unsold books will be returned to their owners at this time, and all students who still hold Book Exchange receipts are urged to come to room F today to collect their money,” so said Ward Stallings, Union activities chairman and head of the Student Book Exchange last night. Exchange Moves Although officially closing business yesterday, the Exchange was
moved to room F of the Union today in order to return unsold books, to pay out all unclaimed money, and to make proper adjustments in case of complaints. Approximately $2,500 worth of second-hand books were sold during the operation of the Exchange this
week.
The Student Book Exchange is not a Student Union enterprise as reported in yesterday’s Exponent, but is supported by a number of campus organizations.
Co-eds Register This Afternoon For Late Rush
Registration for the second semester rush will be held at the Pan-Hel-lenic desk in the Memorial Union Building lobby today between 1 and 2 p. m. Any co-eds interested in going through this second semester rush, which will formally open at noon tomorrow and continue until Saturday, Feb. 12, may register by
paying a fee of one dollar.
Seven Greek sororities will carry on this open rush without restrictions by the Pan-Hellenic Council. Mary Gene Jarrett, president of the women’s Pan-Hellenic Council, will answer all queries of the pros-
pective rushees.
Co-eds Will Model For Cotton Exhibit Miss Catherine Eloise Cleveland, consumer consultant for the Cotton Textile Institute Inc., will present a cotton fabric exhibit and fashion show Monday at 3:30 p. m. in the Home Economics auditorium. Resort and summer cotton clothes will be modeled by co-eds. All girls who would like to model may consult Miss Amy Howe of the clothing department sometime Monday morning. All women students and staff members who are interested have been invited to attend by Miss
Howe.
Four Winter Course Men Win 4-H Club Scholarshiiu Winners of the Chicago Pure Milk Association 4-H Club scholai*ships as announced yesterday by Prof. V. C. Freeman, assistant dean of agriculture, are Lloyd C. Clayton, R. R. 4, LaPorte; Louis Huff, Bremen; Allen Maze, Liberty; and Everett R. Wichman, R. R. 1, Lafayette. The winners are enrolled in the eight weeks course in agriculture now in session at the University. Valued at $50 each, the scholarships were given in recognition of outstanding work last year as 4-K club members, and for scholastic achievement during the short
course.
Freshmen All freshmen interested in working on the Exponent business staff report to the Exponent office, 312 N. Fifth street, at 2 o’clock Saturday. D. C. MUler Businessi Manager.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Congratulations
, ... to Marge Starrett, Sal Palma, Alberta Schmadel, Fred Ahrens, and the rest of the singer-actors cast last night in “Of Thee I Sing” roles. Theirs will be the honor of appearing in the first musical show ever to be produced by the combined efforts of Purdue’s dramatic, musical, social, and executive groups. Theoretically at least, the cream of campus talent and the complete facilities of both student and faculty personnel and equipment will contribute to this production. Theoretically “Of Thee I Sing” is to get the best of everything the University has to offer—and therefore will indicate just what eds, co-eds, and facultymen can turn out in the musical comedy line. Theoretically can become actually if cooperation of the different groups—Playshop, Union, University Musical Organizations, PIA Student Senate, Men and Women’s Pan-Hel-lenic Councils—is achieved. Cooperation has probably withstood its severest test already, since a show has been selected and a cast has been chosen. From now on each group can be expected to handle its own end of the production, with too much overlapping of groups unlikely. With many successful runs in large cities to its credit, “Of Thee I Sing” can be pretty safely accepted as worthy of Purdue’s best efforts. With Purdue’s “best” appearing in one of Broadway’s “best” vehicles, campus musical comedy should hit a new high this spring. —H. I. S.
Freedom Of The Press In Our Universities (Wisconsin Daily Cardinal) “The growing seriousness” that has supposedly descended on American universities in the last few years is all too true—^but all too frequently suppressed in college newspapers throughout the country. Today’s college dailies are extremely interesting indicators of undergraduate thought and are moving ahead with a vitality that is surprising to one not acquainted with university journalism. They are actually taking the lead in typographical improvement and page appearance. College papers in many instances are pointing the way for professional dailies with a much wider circulation. But underneath all this vitality and briskness there exists a suppression of thought that is occasionally startling. A keen student of university journalism will point out the forward editorial stands of several college dailies—but he will also have to admit that the junior prom and the football squad still play the largest role on most college editorial pages. It might be considered odd that censorship and suppression should be practiced in an institution devoted to the search for truth and the defense of freedom of thought, yet every year brings cases of university authorities
the Purdue Exponent
^eeciated MANSOM VASCONSW Entered as second dass natter at the poet office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1817, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Campus subscriptions 88 per year; by mail $8.60. RBPRBSENTED FOR NATIONAl, ADVERTI6INQ BY National AdvertSsSssgService, Ieig. Collage Publishers Representam e 420 Madison Ave Nfw York n y CHICAGO Boston Los Anceles San Francisco
Editor-In-Chief
Business Hannrer
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor — Associate Editors _ D. A. Bailey, L S Hardin, C. D Schroeder, H I. Stanback, D R Vance Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager _ ~ National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager B. R Hensler Circulation Manager _ _ _ M. C. Reeves
CO-ED STAFF
Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally Mcl^e
SPORTS STAFF R F. Obenchain J S Brown, R L McDonald,
B D. Witwer
Editor
Associate Editors
Editor Associate Editors
MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St, Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief Night Editor—Stanback Issue Editor—Tafel Saturday, February 5, 1938
“clamping down” on some newspaper, or tales of a brave fight for press freedom. Here in the Middle West, which Professor Jerome Davis has said supports academic freedom to a greater extent than does the East, most of the papers in Big Ten, to put it frankly, are under some sort of faculty censorship—and show it . . . The Daily Cardinal has always been proud to boast that it is uncensored, almost in a class by itself among college dailies It is thus with some degree of interest that the Cardinal views the struggling American college press of today. Student editors are beginning to strike out vigorously on problems of pressing concern: race discrimination, NYA, housing, curriculum, academic freedom, and student democracy. And because they are starting to hit hard, the leaders are meeting with stiff opposition But it is our hope that the small group of forthright college papers will increase steadily, clarifying and liberating “the growing seriousness” of the American undergraduate Theirs is a hard fight, but all progressive forces are siding today with papers which insist on bringing to the fore issues which they know are vital—^whether the editor gets expelled or not. May there be more of them' %
By Mary Cooley A new plan foi education of gifted gills has been adopted by the Oklahoma College foi Women It has proved that students of exceptional ability can piofit by such a system, according to Dr Howaid Taylor, dean of the college ^ The plan, in operation a year, has SIX points in the piogram of study. They are (a) The honoi student will select hei own course, subject to the approval of the dean (b) She must pass compiehenbive examinations, one group at the end of the sophomoie year, and another group at the end of hei senior year. (c) She must do some piece of creative work. (d) She must pass in all couises selected to make a total of 128 semester hours (e) She must make 375 points (f) She IS not required to attend classes, but must give reason foi absences and an accounting of the use of the time “The plan has pioved stimulating to those participating, and is continued not only to help those students enrolled but as a basis for further study of the possibilities of the development of initiative or originality on the part of college students,” Dr. Taylor states * * * * Syracuse University school of jounmlism students passed a petition among fellow students in a
“gullibility test ” They found 115 seniois would sign a paper that at the stait lead like a proposal to eliminate final exams for seniors but ended up with a piomise to seive five yeais in a chain gang Said the journalism students “They’ll sign anything ” ^ ^ ^ “Boneis” leached a new high lecently at the Univeisity of Washington when lesults of an identification test given to fieshmen weie made known. Heie aie some of the moiehumoious ones’ Fioiella LaGuardia, New Yoik City mayor—“a general in the Spanish civij wai.” John L. Lewis—“president of the Ameiican Federation of Laboi ” A1 Smith—“A Seattle newspapei lepoitei ” Di Joseph Goebbels, a Geiman mmistei of piopaganda—“a secietaiy to the A F ot L oi a kidnapei ” Camille Chautemps, piemiei of France—“a Fiench movie star.” |! si * * Two Kennon Thetfords at the University of Alabama get more than then share of the fun and difficulties pel sons with the same names lun into. Kennon Thetford No. 1 is masculine, a senioi Kennon Thetlford No. 2 IS feminine, a freshman. They aie cousins Kennon Thetfoid No. 1 received a reservation for a room in the co-
What, Where, When? By Sally McKee One’s manneis in chuich should always be those producing as little distuibance as possible To the caidmal point of all manneis, lespect foi otheis, must be added a respectful, woishiping attitude We have all seen oui neighboi in a neaiby pew donning his wiaps duiing the doxology This is a thing which absolutely must not be done It IS, perhaps we can use so strong a word, sacrilegious, at the least it IS irritating to otheis Talking in chuich was once 100 pel cent taboo, but now the exchange of morning gieeting and the acknowledging nods is a pleasant show which adds to the biotheily feeling that a church should inspiie. This IS, howevei, no excuse for distuibingly loud oi obvious conversation To find out an acquaintance’s organic grade, one should wait foi the outside steps to make inquiiy
ed doimitoiy intended for his cousin. He got even however, when he cut Fiench class and the co-ed, who is not even registered for the course was maiked absent. They solve their mail difficulties by renting the same postoffice box. They examine the mail together and determine from return addresses handwriting and other indications, whose mail is whose.
Now that they aie concluded, I guess that it’s safe to let out a little inside dope about tryouts for the All-Univeisity show. Everyone who tried out for a dramatic part had to sing and not a person went past the judges without apologizing that his voice “was not just right” because of a cold ., . even Claypole, the last man to try out. They almost installed a shower in the faculty lounge because so many people claimed they could sing better in a shower. That shower seems funny to us. The balmy weather yesterday made the Miami part of the Triad quite appropriate. This is a masteipiece (?) that came in the mail Well, we didn’t know what else to do with it ,. . Smoke—he says I say—what He says—smoke I say—who He says—you I say-—me He say—yes I say—No.
Drink—he says I say—what
He says-
I say-
He saysI say—me He say^I say—No
-dunk
-who -you
le
-yes
Neck—he says
-what
-neck -who
-you -me -yes
-W e 1-1
I say-
He says-
I say-
He says-
I says-
He says-
I say-
A H
What we wanna know is . • . who is going to play for Prom? We have not had any build-ups yet. One last chance today to turn in stuff and moie stuff foi the Mais passes FLASH' FISH! FLASH! This Conceins^— Principals—George Dell, Theta Xi, and Twitter Benton, Pi Phi Twitter, leady at 9 foi the Tiiad in foimal attiie last night, waited an’ fumed and swoie she’d bawl Dell out piopei when and if he showed up He did—35 minutes late, and little Twittei fell all ovei him — OH, GEORGE, YOU’RE SOO SWEET
Ll^
-LAST DAY-
-PLUS
CIT»5Ha PHYUlS UeAMDOv BROOKS.CORTEZ
STARTING TOMORROW The Best of the Wests!
iL PICTURB WEWHOIB COUNTRY ISTAimol ABOUTB
Jjgw - “£vjuuf. 0/cufiL. CL dColidcuf
9t
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Saturday. February 5, 1938
By Lichty
“What if I am an hour late ? I’m not one of those loafers who’s always watching the clock!”
Anderson To Head Monon Engineers Anton Anderson, CE ’01, for many yeais Monon lailioad maintenance of way engmeei, was appointed as chief engmeei of the system Thursday by Haiiy R. Kuriie, of Chicago, tiustee Andeison fills the vac ancy left by the retiiement of A S Kent, of Chicago who has seived the Monon in that capacity foi the last 33 years Giaduating fiom the civil engineeiing school in 1901, Andeison was fiist employed with the Ameiican Budge Company at Chicago, latei going to Aikansas to woik foi the Oklahoma and Gulf lailioad fiom 1902 to 1904 when he was appointed city engineer of Lafayette, seivmg until 1906 That yeai he was appointed lesident engmeei foi the Monon m Chicago, he was made construction engineei m 1907, division engmeei m 1908, pimcipal assistant engmeei m 1910 and coipoiate engmeei m 1918 Well known m lailioad ciicles,
with VICTOR MOORE HELEN BRODERICK PARKYAKARKUS BILLY OILBERT IT’S AN ALL FUN ROMANCE! —STARTING— Midnite Prevue Tonite 11:30
NEW Mai
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
WALLACE BEERY CHESTER MORRIS in THE BIG HOUSE —PLUS— BETTE DAVIS HENRY FONDA in THAT CERTAIN WOMAN
Anderson holds a chaiimanship in the Association of Ameiican Railroads and is a membei of both the Western Railroad club and the Maintenance of Way club in Chicago.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
ARC
LAST DAY-
—also— “DICK TRACY” SERIAL —plus “Silly Symphony” Cartoon SUNDAY — MONDAY “REMBRANT” “NOBODl^S BABY” ‘MICKEY MOUSE” CARTOON
—LAST DAY—
with TED HEALY* MICKEY ROONEY•FRANK TENK8 — STARTING TOMORROW — YOir£t COME TO HEAR 'EM AND STAY TO CHEER 'EM!
misiissiiiNigiMiii¥
!
'■1
i;
Saturday* February 5* 1938
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Ward 6 Defeats Cary Hall 2,30 To 13 In Semi-Finals Of Basketball Tourney
Ward 6 basketball team ran over the Cary Hall 2 team, 30 to 13, last night at the Intramural Gym in a semi-final game in the ward basketball tournament. Starting off in a normal manner, the game soon came to be more of a football game than basketball, but despite the rough play, the fouls were few and far between, with but four personals being called against the two teams. Ramseyei' opened the scoring as
he slipped under the basket for a two\ pointer. The Cary Hall team" brpke the ice when Rectenwall tallied after the Ward 6 team had a 4-0 lead, but were never able to overtake the fast traveling group. At the half, Ward 6 led 14-8, and held the Cary Hall team to five points in the last half while scoring 16 points for themselves. The other semi-final game, between Ward 2X and Cary Hall Annex, originally scheduled for last night, was postponed until Tuesday night, with the winner of that game playing Ward 6 for the championship Wednesday.
Phi Kap's Dance Tonight Pat Clinton and his orchestra will furnish the music for a formal dance at the Phi Kappa house tonight. Dancing will continue from nine o’clock through midnight.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Open New Archery, Rifle Ranges Today
Another big feature of the new athletic unit will be available to the student body starting today when the intramural department opens the rifle and archery range to amateur Boilermaker marksmen. The rifle range will be open from 1:30 to 6 p. m. Under the supervision of Dick Coffee, range officer. Although the department has ordered two new rifles for use on the range, they haven’t arrived yet and marksmen will have to bring their own guns. Archery enthusiasts may check out bows at the window, but must supply their own arrows. The archery range will be open all day. Both ranges are located in the basement of the new Fieldhouse.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY
East Side of Sqare
Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
THIEME & WANGERIN CO
New Location 822-826 Main St.
JmaL ^ha/ianj&L
Ladies' Silk Hosiery
Knee length and full length in chiffon and sei’vice weights, full fashioned, -all first quality, and in the new wanted shades.
55c
pair
2 pairs $1.00
Our better qualities of silk hose in chiffon and service weights, 45 gauge, full fashioned, in all the most desired shades.
^ pairs
79c
pair
$1.50
Men's Shirts
$1.50 to $1.95 values
This lot includes many famous makes whose reputation for quality is a household word. Fancy patterns. A good chance to replenish your shirt supply. LOOK WHAT YOU SAVE!
Ladies' Balbriggan Pajamas
2-piece pajamas in flesh and blue contrasting trim, medium and large sizes. Women—this is an exceptional lauy! Be on hand before they are all gone^
Reduced 7 QC To Only I /
A Wreitlers Tram For Bouts
A casual candid camera artist took this shoV yesterday of two of Purdue’s tough matmen getting in condition for their second meet of the year with Illinois Normal, which will start at 2:30 this afternoon at the Illinois school.
Loss Of Two Wrestlers Weakens Reeck’s Team
Wrestling coach Reeck’s proteges, who have been learning the manly art of breaking arms and dislocating joints for the past few months, will get some practice this afternoon when they tangle with the Illinois"^ State Normal Teachers’ imposing array of wrestlers.
As the clock’s hands reach 2:30, eight Purdue men will be set to do their best for the University. The squad will be weakened, however, by the loss of Willey and Juska, both of whom have shown strength so far this year.
In the first meet of this year with the Illinois school, Purdue was humbled before a crowd at the Fieldhouse dedication program, but
Willey won his match and Juska fought his opponent to a draw, so their loss will be keenly felt. Reeck said yesterday afternoon that his hopes of the team’s doing even as well as it did at the dedication, were few and far between. The squad has been improving all of the time however, and may pull a surprise or two out of their bag of tricks. The eight men who will get in trim for the tilt by fighting for seats in the cars which leave at 9 a. m. are: Dawson, 118 pounds; Seiber, 126 pounds; Timms, 135 pounds; Huffman, 145 pounds; Lederer, 165 pounds; Tryell, 175 ppunds; Gazard, 165 pounds; and Pratt, heavyweight.
132 Vine Sf. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
Appearance Counts
A well-cleaned and pressed suit makes a lot of difference in your appearance. Send us your suits regularly for cleaning and pressing and note for yourself the difference-it makes.
Bring them to our West Side office or call 3085 for pickup and delivery.
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
:.(r
Frosh Basketball Squad Is Good Varsity Material
By J. A. Hebbeler
" Next year’s varsity basketball team should not be as small as the present club with the large yearling team coming up under freshman coach “Dutch” Fehring.
Literally topping the team is Jake Weber, a center from Plainfield, who stands six feet, six inches, but Jake does not tower over the other boys. Right below Weber are “Red” Swarts of McCordsville, and Paul Hardy of Elkhart, both centers, and touching six feet, five inches.
According to Fehring, this is one of the largest freshman teams to have come up in the last seven or eight years, with the rest of the team averaging over six feet. Forwards However, the frosh do not shine only in height, but have some fine ball players on the squad. Bob Igney will long be remembered by Frankfort’s mighty Hot Dogs of last year, when he almost single-handed-ly brought about their downfall, while playing with Rossville. Another likely looking forward is coming along fast in the person of Jim Bosse of Central, Evansville, who has shown up well on offense, but needs a little polish on his defensive work. Nq doubt these boys will bring a shine into the eyes of the varsity coach “Piggy” Lambert, who is faced with the loss of both Johnny Sines and Jewell Young regular forwards, and must look to the freshman squad for some reserves for next year, or possibly some starting
men. Sharing the frosh forward positions with Bosse and Igney, are Matt Brinduse, Gordon Bausman, Ed Rohrabaugh, Leon Schlater, and Forest Witsman, all clever ball players.
One Oat of State Man
Looking at the freshman team roster, one would think that the Purdue net team has placed a boycott on out of state players, for the yearling team, like the varsity, has but one “foreign” member. Keith Correll, of Robinson, 111., is the only out of state man, and is holding down one of the guard posts.
“Dutch” is going to give the Boile/maker fans their first glimpse of the present squad when he holds in-tra-squad games before both the Ohio State and Chicago games, on February 21 and 28 respectively.
Baseball Batteries Will
Initiate Training Soon
Serving notice that Purdue’s baseball season will soon get under way, Head Coach “Dutch” Fehring this week issued a call for all battery candidates for the varsity nine.
Aspirants to the positions of pitcher or catcher on the Purdue varsity baseball team will report to Assistant Coach “Pop” Doan at 4 o’clock Tuesday afternoon at the Fieldhouse. Indoor drill for these men will be launched immediately.
MEETING
2 P.M., Saturday, Fteb. 5th
College Inn Cafeteria
To discuss plans for a frozen food locker plant in West Lafayette. Finest meats and poultry, or garden fresh quick frozen fruits and vegetables are available to locker users at substantial savings. Come and bring a friend.
For Fine Ice Cream
stop and Enjoy a SUNDAE — SODA — MILKSHAKE
FAIRMAN BROS. ICE CREAM . s WEST LAFAYETTE
Valentine Assortments
Whatever bahed goods that you desire for your party or dinner will be found at—
Bakery quality Grave’s
124 State* W.L.
Phone 3852|:
Co-eds Hear Taube Explain Basketball
Team's 'Fast Break'
“Inciiana stands for basketball, and Purdue stands for best intercollegiate play,” Mel Taube told the members and gUests of WAA at their mass meeting yesterday afternoon in the Women’s Gym. In the course of his speech, he explained Purdue’s “fast break” system of play, the new 10 second rule, and several different types of defensive and offensive play. By blackboard illustrations, and by the answering of questions of the group, Coach Taube gave a very comprehensive description of the game’s technique. Badminton A demonstration game of badminton was played by Miss Verpnica Bi’ady, Miss Hilda Schwen, of the PEW staff, Bill Billings, and Dick Romanowich. WAA basketball enthusiasts are urged by President Mary Ellyn Delaplane to sign up for practice immediately, in preparation for the Play Day at Chicago on March 5. The organization hopes to send two or three teams to this conference, which will be attended by school delegations in Indiana, Illinois and Michigan. Emily Tubbs, president of Sportswomen, announced that the mixed recreations in the women’s gym, and the mixed swims in the Memorial pool are being held every Friday night.
11:00—Just Kids. 11:15—Don’t Listen. 11:30—High School Guest Progx’am. 12:00—Tune Time, Chas.Powell: 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Footnotes on the Headlines. 12:46—Market Reports. 1.00—Radio Stage. 1:30—Saturday Musical Review 2:00—The Monitor Views the News. ■ 2:15—^^Musical Moments. 2:30—Stamp Club of the Air. 2:45—Mary Louise Switzer, pianist. 3:00—Campus Varieties. 7:30—Basketball Game, Purdue vs. Indiana.
Moore Replaces Wiltshire As Glider Club President
Webb Moore, ME ’39, was made president of Glider Club at its meeting Thursday night, by the resigBecause of an operation Wiltshire was absent last semester, Mooi’e acting as president. Due to work, Wiltshire will remain inactive, serving only in an advisory capacity.
Squash Men To Meet
Town Club Players
Competing for the fii’st time in the new semester. Coach Clevett’s varsity squash tearp will meet the Town Club of Lafayette in a series of seven individual matches at 3 o’clock this afternoon. The tournament will be held in the town squash courts at 8th and Main streets, Lafayette. Sevei’al Purdue faculty members will play for the Town Club. Coach Clevett will oppose Sokolowski of the varsity. Knoll and Fields, who were the only members of the faculty squash team to win their individual matches against a team of Illinois instructors at the recent dedication program, will play Eberhard and Lind of the varsity. In the other matches Club members Tzucker, Winfield, Karr, and Brunton will compete against varsity men, Juve, Wakefield, Blitz and Munro.
Frozen Foods-
(Continued from page 1)
Guide the United States now contains over 2,500 such plants which are serving over 850,000 families with a business of over 2,000,000 pounds of meat a day. Should the community take advantage of this opportunity, the West Lafayette plant would be the fourth in the state, the others being located at Plymouth, Peru, and Huntington. The new company would be incorporated in West Lafayette, and will be under local management.
Prof. Hall To Show How 'War Marches On'
Prof. F. R. Hall of the University history staff will s|)eak tomorrow evening at 6:30 before the Epworth League at the First M. E. Church on “War Marches On.”
Last semester Prof. Hall spoke on the Spanish and Chinese situations, and tomorrow he will sum up the developments since that time. An open forum will follow his talk.
Several agricultural colleges, as Minnesota and Oregon, have used similar plants in the vicinity of the university as a laboratory in Which to uncover and develop the myriad possibilities of frozen foods. Should some 150 families in this vicinity see fit to buy the service of the plant, the company will undergo the expenditure and,the scheme will make rapid material progress
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebersholf, 605 Main street. - ,
FOR RENT—Single room in a private home. Has double bed with innerspring mattress. Near campus. Phone 61202.
FOR RENT—Single room, warm, pleasant, private family. 435 North Main.
Ginger Ale — Lime Rickey PEPSI-COLA — COCA COLA
D AD’S PLACE — So Handy
There is no substitute-
for personal appearance either you do or do not meet the approval of the public eye.
TWO BOYS—First floor, adjoining bath, constant hot water, innerspring mattress. Quiet place. 226 Pierce. Phone 36934.
LOST—10” K. E. slide rule on campus. Please call Strong 7426.
BOARD— Have board for students. Home cooking, very reasonable. A call will convince you. Call 56823.
Notices
Mo Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Glider Club: Work sessions February 6 at 9 a. m. and 1 p. m. in the ME Building. —BUELL.
Playshop Costume Committee: Please meet in the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m. February 7. Ask for room at east desk. —McCOOL.
Zouaves; Meeting at 4 p. m. February 7 in the Armory. , —VANDERFORD.
SAE: Important meeting February 7 at 4 p. m. in room 3 of the ME Building. —VANDERFORD.
Newman Club: Monthly communion and breakfast meeting at 9:30 mass Sunday. —OTTEN WELLER.
Scabbai^ »nd Btauto: There important meeting Februa^ in room F of the Union BalldiOff. SHrinf pledges will be selected. BAALS
Industrial Education Society t : Important business meeting February 8 at 7:80 P« m. in room D of the Union. Blectum m Officers. All industrial edupation students are -MOORE.
Men’s Glee Club; Important rehearsal on February 6 at 2 p. m.
All Union Sophomores: Be in Union workshop February 6 at 1 p. m. —MA'TTHEWS, TAYLOR.
Chinese Students’ Club: There will be an important meeting of the club February B in room C of the Union. ^gQ^-HOO.
Freshman EJxponenf Co-eds: The following schedule is the work program for the new semester. _ Monday: Len Hibbs, Georgia Carroll, and Beth Simpson. Tuesday: Janet Pickering, Mary Burtsfleld and Betty Jane Short. Wednesday: Charlotte Sebast and Mary Jane Carr. Thuraday: Jane Briscoe, Mary Irene Sawyer, and Janet McGregor. Friday: Ruth Rose and Helen Stanley. Saturday: Betty Lou Jakes, Peggy MpMathe, and Marian Johnson. —JUSTIN.
Scriveners: Important meeting February 6 at 7 p. m. at 125 West Lutz. Bring manuscripts. —FELDIVIAN.:,
AIChE: Meeting February 8 at 4:30 p. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Mr. Eskel Nordell of the Permutite Co. will speak on commercial water softening. —GRIFFBNHAGEN.
ALLE scii##i. m nAiici m€k
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY ADULT BEGINNER’S CLASS OPENS WEDNESDAY, FEB, 16, 7:30 P: M. NEW ADVANCED CLASS OPENS FRIDAY, FEB. 18, 7:30 P. M. REASONABLE RATES PHONE 2150
CROWN CLEANING SERVICE used Regularly is your assurance of winning approval.
r I N E C L E A N E US O F FINE CL O T H E S WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—T©F OF THE HILL
Ready to Serve You
Our Wrecker Works 24 Hours Telephone 4048
Call us for your fiat tires or other automobile troubles
There is no job too big or small for us
Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048
24 Hour Service
525 Alabama Street
Say Fellow!
You can save time if you ride a cab. And you can al’ways get a Yellow Cab promptly. Ride the Yellow Cab Way and you will always be on time. This prompt, courteous service can now be had at reduced rates. 20c first passenger and 10c for each additional
3071 YELLOW CAB 5023
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores
"DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD S. RISK DR. ROBERT G. BISK DR. LUTHER A. BISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119‘/z Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Confectionery
Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy
Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sts.
Dine
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
—Jewelry —
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C.EISENBAGH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER
This is all we do, but we do it well.
Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN .
Locksmith
CARTER
for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.CJ7. and Norton Door Checks
Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Florist — /—^^
CLARK’S
FLORAL COMPANY
Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowera Main at 7th Phone 6050
'— Taxi Service
The Thinking Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB
Black Cars for Special Occasiona 20s per passenger any part of city 5023—Phones—3071
YELLOW CAB CO.
Printing —
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
”^OIflce Statloneiy . . Wedding Invitation*
PHONE ” Books, Etc. 2 6 2 8 CASSEL'S 408FERRY
— Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop
in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
'‘“fe'
41
■Ov