i?
.'It ‘ ’'I
.V !
' 1 1 r » - ' ^ > “ ” jS). n’ j '’ ■' ' •
/ , i .v^ »jf-
It costs a nickel. It'll really tickled It's the 'Yellow Dog'.
Purdue Exponent Z-186 •
Treat 'em roagliw Make if fougfi* "4.iek the Sparfaita.
fi
Volume 52. No. 29
West Lafayette. Indiana
Saturday. October 12. 1940
Boilermokero Battle Spartans At Lansing Today
First Religious Meet’ Chinese Student Tells Of Year To Present Of Peace Negotiation Music As Its Theme I" Sino-Jap Conflict
Concert Choir ^Will Sing Hymns; Organ Featured
Wayne Karr Brings 'Music With A Lift' To Tonight's Mixer
Music will provide the theme around which the first religious convocation of the current year will be built tomorrow night in the ^all of Music at 7:30 o’clock. Dean Russel R. Wicks will be the speaker. ] The service will open with an organ prelude given by Joanne Lloyd from DePauw University. Miss Lloyd has majored in organ work^ studying under Van DeumanThompson. Choir To Provide Music The 250-voice University Concert Choir, largest in its history, following the prelude will enter the stage from the wings and fill the music shell. The choir will provide music throughout the service, including two anthems, “Prayer,” by Koontz, and “Send Forth Thy Spirit,” by Schlueteky. ijhe choir is organized to form an eight-part chorus, through the blending of the four-part men’s choir with the four-part girl’s choir. The University religious council and the various religious foundations are cooperating in urging all students to attend the service, r.h. Lehner Will Speak Before AgSodety Meeting Monday Anthony Lehner, head of the Department of education and organization of the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau federation, will speak to an open meeting of the ^Purdue Agricultural Education Society on Monday, October 14 at 7:30 p. m. in the combined faculty lounges of the Union, according to an announcement by Paul B. Crooks, president of the society. Lehner, who has achieved wide acclaim throughout the United States as a lecturer and authority on economic problems, will discuss “The Economic Function of the Cooperative Movement.” Receiving his primary and secondary schooling in Munich, Germany, I'he later attended the Universities of Munich and Leipzig. He was put in dharge of the Department of Education in Indiana in 1932, and very shortly established one-week training schools for the 1,200 young Udults between the years of 18 and 26 who attend each year to learn the principles and philosophy of tl]^e Co - operative movement. In 1937 Mr. Lehner joined the staff of the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau Federation and has been active in it since that time, j. r. g.
Peace negotiations are going on with Japan at the present time, and have been going on ever since the present war started; and as soon as reasonable terms are offered, China will be ready and willing to end the war. This is the text of the answer P. H. Chin, past-president of the Chinese club, gave to a question concerning the attitude of the Chinese people toward the present war, at last night’s meeting of the Cosmopolitan club. Since China’s Independence Day is celebrated on October 10, yesterday’s meeting of the Cosmopolitan club was in charge of the Chinese club. P. H. Chin opened the discussion with a talk on the philosophy of Confucius and the effect that his theories had had on the ancient Chinese. H. H. Ku, present president of the Chinese club, followed Chin with a discussion on China at the present time. Preceding the discussions, eight students were pledged to the club: Johanna Clyner, Robert Hernadez, Francis Lau, Olive Searle, Bonnie Felder, Ed Miyamasu, George Okamato and G. J. Hopkins. Pledging will continue for the next two meetings and initiation will be held on Sunday, October 27. Requirements for pledging are a sincere desire to join, and an indication of interest in world-vude friendship, r.s.k. Indiana Social Scientists Hear Estey, Hall Discuss Today's Economic Trends The annual meeting of the Indiana Academy of Social Sciences opened at Evansville yesterday and will close this noon. Professors Estey and Thomas of the history, economics and government department, are both officers of the organ-
ization.
Yesterday Prof. Estey spoke to the economics group on “The Theory That the American Economy Has Reached Maturity,”, and Prof. 0. F. Hall of the education department, spoke to the sociology group on “An Interpretation of Some Census Returns for Indiana.” This morning, Mr. D. O. Bowman "will address the economics round table on “Some Implications of the National Labor Relations Act.” Other members of the faculty who are at the meeting are: Professors F. F. Hargrave, R. G. Thomas, E. J. Sheppard, W. V. Owen, Mr. W. H. Andrews, and Mrs. C. K. Kanong,
Wayne Karr Couples at tonight’s Union mixer will dance to the “music with a lift” of Wayne Karr and his orchestra in both ballrooms from 9 to 12 o’clock. Karr features, in addition to his many distinctive arrangements of popular tunes, a variety of special entertainment novelties. Vocal selections are provided by Dori King and Paul Carstrom. Both double as entertainers, and Castrom also adds brilliant trumpet solos to the band’s program. Novelties The novelties furnished by Karr’s men will be supplemented by a surprise / entertainment by the local chapters of Phi Delta Theta and Phi Kappa Psi. The fraternity boys will present their numbers at 10:30 o’clock. Karr, maestro of the evening, also features his owA work on the tenor saxophone, clarinet and violin. His arrangements, prepared by three members of his organization, are distinguished by melodious tenor saxes blended with staccato trumpets. He comes to the campus direct from the Little Harbor club. Harbor Springs, Mich. The usual mixer price of one dollar will be in effect. j.h.a. Henry F. Hill . . . CE ’38, has been made sales engineer of the Puerto Rican branch of the Armco International Corporation. This promotion follows a year’s training period at the company’s Middletowp, Ohio, headquarters. Hill will serve under Leonard Wood, CE ’37, who is now district manager for the company in Puerto Rico. d.t.b.
New Members
... of YWCA were honored yesterday afternoon at a candlelight ceremony. The program was a climax to the membership drive of the
organization, e.w.m.
N
Activiiies Bureau Releases Senior Data Sheets
Reveal Reduced Price Of 1940 Personnel Records
By Roger S. Kolb
Even though it’s only the middle of October, the time is ripe for seniors to begin laying the groundwork for the securing of a position after graduation this June. Personnel data sheets may be ordered now from the Activities Bureau. Prom one of these a prospective employer is able to get a ^ood idea of his man
and what he has done during his four years in school, even before
he has seen him.
Those who order their sheets now will be able to effect a considerable savings over last year’s price. Also each senior will have fifteen copies placed on file in the personnel office
files for future use.
Available To Men And Women This year the sheet will be available to senior women as well as to men. The style and makeup of the sheet has been changed; they will be in a convenient letter size easy to file and they will be Jithoprinted. The new form has the approval of important men in the personnel and
employment field.
The Debris cut will be used unless the senior has one he likes better. Those who use their own cut will be able to get their sheets a little sooner than others. Seniors 'graduating in January will receive special consideration on their orders so that they will be able to get them as soon as possible.
Pharmacy Professors Aid In Pharmacopoeia Revision Dean C. B. Jordan and Prof. C. 0. Lee of the Pharmacy School will leave today for Pocono Manor, Penn., to attend the committee meeting for the revision of the United Stated Pharmacopoeia, an official publication containing the directions for the preparation of medicines and drugs. The series of meetings will start on Monday, October 14, and continv^e through the next
three days.
Professor Lee will also attencl the meeting of the National Formulary Committee, while Dr. Jordan attends the meeting of The Executive Committee of Revision. j.r.g.
Paul Reedy
. . . and his Campus Commanders are now furnishing dinner music for patrons of the Union cafeteria from a bandstand located in the west hall- Their engagement began yesterday anc^ is for an indefinite
time, f.i.j.
Reed Tells Extension Workers To Prepare For Problems Ahead H. J. Reed, University director of Agriculturs^l Extension, told Indiana county' extension workers yesterday in fthe closing session of the annual Agricultural Extension conference that they must be prepared to aid in coping with economic social problems which may arise in Indiana rural areas as a result of war developments in other parts of the world. Director Reed stressed the importance of education saying, “What we want is the best informed rural population in America. It’s the right thinking of our rural people that keeps our democracy stabilized in any crises.” Anticipates Broad Future With the Agricultural Experiment Station to solve technical problems, the Agricultural Extension Service to carry this information to farm people, and the University School of Agriculture to develop leadership in rural youth, Director Reed anticipates a broad future for Indiana’s / 200,000 farmers. The Indiana Farmers’ Institute Association re-elected its officers as follows: L. O. Chasey, Marion, president; Mrs. Guy Cpllings, Bainbridge, vice-president; and Mrs. Dan Hey, Sh^lbyville, secretary-treasur-er. r.l.h.' Thomas Will Speak At AIEE Meeting Dr. Philip Thomas, research engineer for Westinghouse Electric, will speak on “Death Ray and Appliance Remonstration” at an open meeting of the AIEE on Monday, October 14, at 7:30 p. m. in room 129 of the EE building. Dr. Thomas will illustrate his lecture with special demonstration equipment. He will discuss the use of the death rays in connection with protecting life and inspecting metal castings for hidden flaws. The importance and widespread use of electrical appliances in home and industry will also be stressed in his talk.
f||j.
Explosion Approaches! Shocking ^‘Yellow Dog^ Scandal Almost .Ready Monday morning at 8 o’clock the first Yellow Dog will make its appearance on the campus. Replacing Exponept razz editions of former years, the Yellow Dog vsdll print all the news that’s not fit to print, and many a skeleton that the owner long thought forgotten will be dragged from the closet and exhibited in minute detail. Doc Miller will strut across the glaring yellow sheets in all his ignorance. The faculty will squirm before the mighty blast, and students will quake in their shoes with f erverent prayers that news of their sins does ndt reach home. This stupendous eight page collection of scandal will not be put through the regular channels of circulation because of its great intrinsic and inflammatory nature, but will be distributed at all corners of the campus Monday morning for the niggardly-sum of one nickel. ^ After 9 p. m., distribution by means of newstand will be discontinued and ‘the remaining few papers, if there are any, will then be placed on sale at the Union desk at the same price. Circulation manager'R. 14. Rectenwald advises t^at to avoid walking to the Union, with the possibility of meeting with disappointment there, that every studlent make it a point, to bring five cents with him on'the way to his 8 o’clock and enjoy the dirt fresh off the presses. <l-k.h.
Co-eds Resume
Experts Expert Air
Rush Activities ^ AtTessTodey Allacking Mettods
After a day of rest, co-ed rush will be resumed with informal teas today and tomorrow. Invitations were issued by mail yesterday from the various houses for these affairs which are replacing the invitational week day parties of last year. The assistance of an advisor, Mrs. Clifford Rader, former president of national Pan-Hellenic Council, is extended to the rushees for the first time this year. Mrs. Rader is having office hours for this purpose every evening during the rush period from 7:30 to 8:30 o’clock in room 364 of the Union, and it is hoped that the girls will take advantage of this opportunity. Since her arrival Mrs. Rader has been entertained at dinner by the various sorority houses on the campus. All rushees must have their invitations to the teas turned in and checked by Pan-Hellenic representatives in room 364 of the Union hy noon today, according to an announcement by Katherine Lang, Pan-Hellenic president. Invitation cards must be returned checked or else marked “unable to come.” p.h. VlfRH Club Governing Board Elects Officers Jeanne Chandler was elected governor of the three Women’s Residence Halls Thursday night at a meeting of the governing board. This governing board consists of the three officers and a representative at large from each of the three halls. It was established as part of the hall government with the passing of a new constitution earlier in the week. Mary and Margaret Wirt were elected secretary-treasurer and Jane McCouch, social chairman. The board members are: Janet Place, Doris Bauer, Betty Wedge, Lucinda Redwine, Mary Lou Laswell, Emily Lloyd, Kay Heitmann, Dorothy ^ornthwaite, and Ruth Schlitter. Each resident of the ^alls is automatically a member of the WRH club. There will be at least two general house meetings each semester. Besides a president, secretarytreasurer, and social chairman, there are four corridor representatives which form the Hall Council with the officers. This council deals with individual hall problems, a.w.
PROBABLE LINEUPS
Purdue Pos. Mieh. State Rankin LE Smiley A, Rossi LT Carter Miller LG Griffeth Axton C Batchelor Winchell RG Rui>p Timperman RT Karas Combs RE Blackburn Kersey QB Sherman Galvin LH .Wy Davis Byelene RH Pawlowski Petty FB Amon Officials—Referee, William Blake, Dubuque; umpire, Lyle Clamo, Bradley; field judge, Ray Eichenlaub, Notre Dame; head linesman,
Mike Layden, Notre Dame.
Broadcasts — WKAR, Michigan State College (850 kilocycles); and WBAA, Purdue (Telegraphic re-
port).
Time of Game—1 p. m. (CST). By Joe Dolan Exponent Sports Editor Michigan State University, not a member of the Western Conferen6e Athletic association, but nevertheless a possessor of a football squad that can stand toe-to-toe with the best the conference has to offer and trade blow for blow with them, will be the opposition that Mai Elward’s 36 Boilermaker football players will face this afternoon at East Lansing, Mich. And when you say, this Spartan bunch can mix it up in any manner asked for, it is the truth, not fiction; because last Saturday that group of Green and Gold lads from the home of the Oldsmobile (not advertising, thank you) gave the University of Michigan a terrific scare, coming within one touchdown of Michigan’s best 60 minute effort. As a matter of fact, Michigan State defeated Michigan University, but fell before Tom Harmon, who tallied three touchdowns almost single handed. Samd Offense Michigan State’s coach, Charles Bachman, a Notre Dame product, employs the Irish set-up in offensive formations, and his teams play just like Purdue’s. Purdue defeated (Continued on page 3) , ■ EXPONENT BOARD Meeting Monday afternoon, October 14, at 4 p. m. in thecintfereinee room of the Agricultnral Expei^ment building.
Pat Tracy Was 'Counselo/ Ai^d True Friend To Students Of Yore
By Ervin McCullough How many times in your career at this University have you entered or left the Union via the east door? For most of you, our ultra-conser-vative estin)iate is one hundred times. Next question. Do you know whom Patrick Ttacy was? Or did you know there ever was a Patrick Tracy? We didn’t know it until last night, and we doubt if nny Inxt ft few pledges know it at all. So—we have decided to tell you a little about him. Slightly Irish Patrick “Pat” Tracy was a janitor here for thirty years, from 1881 until 1911. That was way back when the University was just -beginning to gain its reputation. Pat was a rather conspicuous character, being so intimately associated with the University’s history and traditions as to endear himself to every student, alumni, officer and staff member. And besides all this hb had an Irish brogue which he did not attempt to hide. In his work as janitor he came into close contact with the boys and always exerted an in-
fluence for the good. Whenever they were set on doing some sort of mischief, they always listened to Pat’s advice and followed it. When the University began its rapid growth, it became impossible for him to keep in close contact with every student. However, Ms interest never lagged and his personality continued to make itself felt among the students. Alunuii Paid Him Recognitioii George Ade, John T. McCutcheon and other illustrious alumni were his intimate friends, and they never failed to look him up and to have a pleasant chat with Mm whenever they visited the University. When Pat passed away on February 8,1912 at the age of 73, deep gloom spread over the community at the loss of this man so faithfnl, and devoted to the University. A number of years ago an ahanol memorial plaque was erected in Ms honor in the east haljl of the Union. Written on it is the fitting Mscx^ tion, “That unlettered phUoscpli^ and frien4 of 'tk byes*.”'r#
*
4V '
I.*,,
PDRDOE EXPONENT
Saturday# October 1% 1930
'-ti
V
^r1
V
i 1',
'> '1"
We have been giving the draft registration card the once over. They don’t leave anything to the imagination. For instance? They not only want your address, but also the name and address of someone who will always know your address. They quit then, though. Without asking for the address of someone who will always know the address of the person who will always know your address.
They want that person to be able to tell your whereabouts at all times, too. And then make the suggestion that your wife or mother might be the one. In our estimation it might be more practical to include the name of the man— Who tends your favorite bar.
The only drawback to that is that they also want his address. And any darn fool knows that the address is useless. It takes a pfiap.
Next comes the employment business. You fill out the space with “self,” the name of your employer, college student or WPA project. The way we look at it if you’re not a college student, or working, or on the WPA. You’re in a hell of a shape.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Cong;ress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January\20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for |8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chief. Ru W. Donahne Business Manager. Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Mdnaging Editor. J). K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Euffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott.
Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers ; Promotion Mianager, G. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor — J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. ’
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Heaton Night Sports Editor: Adamson Ass’t Night Editor: Brophy Day Editor; Rose
Sophomores: E. W. McCullough, F. I. Jones, R. S. Kolb, J. L. Armstrong, R. H. Hadley, N. Zachary, A. Worsley, P. Howard.
But they say just answer “none.” * * sH Last of all you have to swear all the statements
are true and sign the whole works. With two alternatives. If you can’t write you make an X. And if you won’t swear you can affirm. d.k.h.
Briefs
Thinlies End Initial
It was discovered only yesterday that Mudball, the mouse, can chirp to a tune, much as an educated canary. If you doubt the truth to this statement, it is advised that you look up a bulletin of the Department of Agriculture, or perhaps VTrite a letter to Eobert Ripley.
Week Of Decathlon; Gaulke Takes Lead
Daily Products Judges Will Compete In Contest
i^tiyway, Mudball came in swinging out a chorus of “Margie” yesterday afternoon, and after looking over the co-eds in the Exponent office, sauntered over to a typewriter and composed the following:
hey there clarence there is a sign on the comer" saying all dogs must be kept tied up for a month any dogs violating this notice will be killed they know dogs cant read so thats silly but down at the bottom the sign says that people violating this notice will be fined does that mean that purdue students will be tied up too it has me worried mudball
The first week of the decathlon contest is history and the tabulation shows that Willard Gaulke, a junior, is on top, with Burt Anthony and Walter Stroyeck, also juniors, close at his heels. Ten events comprise this program, the feature of fall track practice which is now in full swing at the stadium. The events are the high jump, broad jump, discus throw, shot put with 12 pound shot, hop, step and jump, 120 yard low hurdles, and running races of 75, 330, 660, and 1320 yards, all somewhat shorter than the regulation distance. Standard times, heights, and distances have been set up with one thousand points being given for topping the standard mark. According to a man’s performance, he may earn as many as one thousand or as, few as no points.
Highway Bureau Publishes Book By Chih Li, CE 31 Mo Chih Li, CE ’31, professor of highway engineering. National Southwest Associated University, Kunming, China, has prepared a highway glossary which has been published by the Bureau of National Highways, Ministry of Communications of China. Prof. B. H. Petty has recently received a copy of the glossary, r.s.k.
Two More Weeks ' This contest will continue for two more weeks, thus each contestant has two more chances to improve his present marks. He may, if he has a good score in one event, elect to l^t that particular event go and concentrate on his poorer events. His best performance in each event will be added to determine his final score. Trophies are to be awarded the high men. This decathlon is under the direction of track coach Herman Phillips and assistants Homer Allen
Featured in tha «SEA HAWK” a Warner Brns. pictMra
Brenda Marshall "gets around" and somehow manages to look lovely and perfectly groomed wherever she goes — that's why the camera caught this smile of approval as she examined' Klainert's Sea Hawk travel Utl
The uniquely convenient center section holding biro jars and a bottle lifts right out of the bag so you don't have to fumble around for your favorite creams and lotions. The bag itsalf has axh'a pockets to keep your make-up sepai'ate. Entiraly lined with dlmato-proof rubber, and attractively finished^ in rayon plaid that will blend with travel eoitumee. Slide fattened.
3bBb^ QoAmsdkA, SiMid§ho^
uffimeru
-STARTS SUNDAY—
Ro!|licking'So'ns-’Of-&uin‘S
^““.SrSlOWSOH
7! BERT
LAST TIMES TODAYMicitey ROONEY Judy GARLAND
fn M-G-M’e Hit
THE BAND^ with PAUL WHITEMAN
. iuJjmHitIM
The University’s three-man dairy products judging team will travel to Atlantic City, N. J., to participate with some twenty other college teams in the eleventh annual contest to be held in connection with the Dairy Industries Exposition beginning Monday, October 21. Members of the team are: J. H. Merhoff, Lexington, Ky.; T. J. Suneson. New York; A. T. Whitham, Indianapolis; and G. L. Mennen, Lafayette, alternate. K. C. Boxell will accompany the group as coach, j.h.a.
and Howard Wilkening. Leaders at the end of the first week are: Willard Gaulke 4242 Bert Anthony 4116 Walter Stroyeck 4083 Bob Wieland 3548 A1 Arnold 3531 e.c.y.
The Utah association of civil service commissioners believes colleges and universities in the state should offer training courses for policemen and firemen.
Bold & Black
What is this we hear about Phi Delt pledge Chuck Bird—Sunday night he was calling the “Tripde X” and while talking to Jim Jackson on the side, a girl’s voice answered the ’phone. She evidently had said, “Kappa Kappa Gamma,” but Chuck didn’t hear this. The conversation went something like this: “Do you deliver on Sunday nights?” What was the girl to say? Chuck hung up.
B&B
Will you try anything? (Once?) More than once ? What ?
EaiiI
TODAY
—DOUBLE FEATURE—
MARTHA RAYE BOB HOPE
GIVE, ME A SAILOR PLUS
GOLD IS WHERE YOU FLND IT with GEORGE BRENT OLIVIA DeHAVILLAND
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
^CROSBY ^.BliONDEll MISCHA AUBt
IRENE HERVEY C. Aubrey Smith • Jerome Cowan Sondy"* Matty Malneck J and his Orthestra^^^^
^ C.Aul
-ADDED-
A SCREEN DEBATE MARTIN HARRY DIES Ys BRIDGES SHOULD BRIDGES BE DEPORTED?
Church
n
Directory
Among the “bits-of-black-back-bites” we found in the Exponent box was this curio: Notice: Is there any girl on the campus who is not as yet a member of the “Why Introduce Your Best B. P. To Penny Staudt When She Already Knows Him Anyway” club ? If so, please register at the west desk of the Union. First general meeting will be held in the near future in the Hall of Music. —Bea Wildered. B&B...
A sheet was also in the box. It was labelled— Application for Date for Gold Diggers Name Age Height Blonde Brunette Red Head (Check One) Address Telephone Number Please indicate in drawing the following: 1. Door 2. Light switch 3. Window 4. Sofa Is it much drop tto the ground?..
What’s your capacity for beer Wine Whiskey Gin Do you smoke? If so, what brand? Do you chew? If so— what? How much do you care to spend on dates ? , Give a short (500 words) description of family background.
Methodist Students 8:00 a. m. Council Breakfast. 9:30 a. m. Co-ed Sunday School at the Foundation. Men’s student classes at church. 1. “Letters of St. Paul,” Prof. J.*T. Gunn. 2. “Science dnd Religion,” Prof. C. L. Porter. 3. “The Methodist Church and the Conscientious Objector,” Rev. McFadden. 10:40 a. m. Morning Worship, “Bridge-builders,” Dr.- 0. S. Steele. 6:15 p. m. Student supper, 16c. 6:00-7:00 p. m. Epworth League at the church. 6:00 p. m. Fellowship Hour. 6:30 p. m. Discussion Groups: 1. “Life of Jesus,” Dr. G. H. Graves. 2. “World Peace,” Prof. Merritt Webster. 3. “Worship,” Mrs. McFadden. 4. Open Forum on Religion, Rev. McFadden. 7:00 p. m. The group will go in a body to the University Convocations. University Presbyterian Church North St. at Grant St. John W. Findley, Pastor and Director, Westminster Foundation Robert S. Thomas, Assistant 9:30 a. m. Sunday morning discussion group led by Robert S. Thomas. 10:46 a. m. Worship and preaching service at Central Presbyterian Church in Lafayette at Seventh and Columbia streets. 6:00 p. m. The Sunday Evening club will meet and go to the convocation at 7:Q0 p. m. West Lafayette Baptist Church Joseph Baird Gleason, Minister and Pastor of Students Columbia and Chauncey streets 9:30 a. m. Roger Williams club class. 10:35 a. m. Church Worship. The pastor will speak on the subject, “The Kind of Faith We Need Today.” The choir, directed by Ivah
W. A. A. is sponsoring a “hobohike” Sunday. Girls will leave the Women’s Gym at 6:30 p. m. and return in time for convocation. Any co-ed who wishes to go, should see Barbara Ford or Gail Hennis.
WBAA
11:00 11:16 11:30 12:00 12:16 12:30 12:46 1:00 1:30 1:45
Today Just Kids. Carolsm Wood, soprano. Musical Round-up. Market Reports. Woman Shopper. Meet the Band. Tune Time. Radio Stage. Music Without Words. Football Game, Purdue at Michigan State.
Gruver Price, will sing, “Saviour Thy Dying Love,” by Laury and “Lead Me Lord in Thy Righteousness,” by Westly. 6:30 p. m. Roger Williams club fellowship hour and ten cent lunch. 6:30 p. m. A half hour of music by George Osborn. We will go in a body to the convocation in the Hall of Music at 7:00 p. m. Purdue Christian Foundation Christian Church Sixth and North streets 9:30 a. m. Student class. A. A. Smith of the sociology department will speak on “Personality Development.” 10:40 a. m. Church. Doyle Mullen will speak on “The God Men Seek.” 6:00 p. m. Ten cent supper at 126 South Chauncey street. 6:30 p. m. Recreation. 7:00 p. m. Vesper Service. 7:15 p. m. Leave for convocation in Hall of Music.
Add any other comments which would aid in the success of a date on the reverse side. Pill out and return to :Rush chairman. Delta Gamma house.
LUMA
-SUNDAY - MONDAY—
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
— WITH — JOHNNY MAC BROWN — AND —
MILLIONAIRE PLAYBOY — WITH — JOE PENNER LINDA HAYES
ADDED FIRST RUN NEWS
-SUNDAY - MONDAYWHAT A LIFE HE MARRIED HIS WIFE MICKEY MOUSE
I Judy's the babe in _ „1 Mickey's arms again' singing, stepping I fun... for the whole Hardy family ... in sxciting Manhattan.'
LEWIS ■ MICKEY
STONE ^ ROONEY
CECILIA , FAY
PARKER-HOLDEN •Vnrii ItlJTlHKRFOlil) Diana I.KWIS
JOTYOAREAND
LAST DAY—2 HITS . .
JOHN WAYNE THREE FACES WEST
ALSO
'HI-YO SILVER"
Starts TODAY
'V"tW‘
> *
Saturday, October 12, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
Conference Teams Face Tough Encounters Today While the Boilemakers are fighting it out with Michigan State today other teams around the Big Ten will .be facing stern tests. Last week’s Riveter foe, Ohio State, is in for a real battle when they tangle with, the Wildcats from Northwestern. Wildcats Have Fun Last week the Purple circus piled up 40 points against the boys from Syracuse while the Buckeyes barely squeezed thrgugh.with a three point margin. Both teams have speed and power in the(backfield, but the defending champs outweigh the Wildcat’s line by 16 pounds. It will be speedster Bill DeCorrevant and powerful Don Clawson versus the Buckeye powerhouse, Jim Langhurst, and Don Scdtt. If needed, Ohioan Jimmy Strausbaugh, ailing riglhthalf, may be sent in for a short time. Last year'^ surprise team, Iowa, faces Wisconsin in their opening game in the Western Conference. South Dakota was trampled, 46 to 0, by the Hawkeyes and the Badgers were in a high scoring affair that ended in victory over Marquette. Wisconsin has a hard-blocking team and two good backs in George Paskvan and sophomore Mark Hoskins, but the dopesters pick Iowa. mini Paces U.S.C. Cagey Bob Zuppke of Illinois has revamped his backfield for the contest with U. S. C., and it will only average 167 pounds. Zuppke is hoping that his ball toters will be fast enough to get away from the Trojans. The opening line-up for Southern California will include five sophomores, as Coach Howard Jones looks for a combination that will gain a win instead of another tie. Michigan is out after their third straight win of the season and also their third victory against Harvard in a series that began in 1881. This is the seventh meeting of the two teams, relationships having been broken off from 1884 until 1929. Indiana will face Nebraska without their two key backfield men.
wiJtpL £L.
I Friendly service, good food and a pleasant atmosphere helps to make the Grill one of Purdue’s favorite eating places. You can always find just the right kind of foqd in the Grill, The Grill has complete fountain service at all times.
JhL fijU/tdiUL Wsun&dctL lAniofL \ The Corner the Campus— , Yet the Center of Activities
Cross Country Team Faces Pitt Today
An IrisliinaH' lllnsions
Cross Country Winner Declared Eligible Again Alex Jentsch, who won the interschool cross country race last Wednesday and then was declared ineligible, has once more been named as the winner of the contest. Jentsch’s name was on the ineligible list handed into the intramural office by track coach Herman Phillips but last night Phillips announced that Alex had not parjiicipated in any varsity meets and therefore was eligible. Fred Kinder, who originally ran second and then was named the winner, returned to the runner-up spot. b.a.
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Tuffy Brooks and Earl Doloway, who are suffering from ankle injuries. The Cornhuskers are picked to win this tussle but it should be close. Irish Face Southerners With a star studded line-up headed by foxy Johnny Bosch and Bob Ison, Georgia Tech renews an old rivalry with Notre Dame today. The Irish licked the boys from Atlanta, 17-14, last season, but this same southern team mopped up on Missouri in the Orange Bowl classic. With practically the same team back, the southern school is giving Elmer Layden and the Irish horde something to think about. Especially after the score the College of the Pacific gave them. It’s Old Timer’s day at the South Bend stadium with the lettermen of 1917-19 back to inject that “do or die spirit” into their successors, b.d.s. •
From th^ home of the Spartan up at East Lansing, Mich., I am fortunate to find an able and eager sports scribe to relate today’s game from the host viewpoint. From here on read what Joe Simek, sports editor of the Michigan StaW News has to say about today’s battle up where our footballers have gone in search 6f competition. By Joe Simek Sports Editor, Michigan State News Michigan State eagerly awaits today’s battle with the Boilermakers. Last Saturday’s games of Michigan 21, Michigan State 14 and Ohio State 17, Purdue 14 should be assurance enough that another thriller such as the one played at Lafayette last year is in tap. Macklin field should be packed to top capacity of 27,232, Three Plays Against Michigan, the Spartans ran up against what I think is one of 'the greatest backfields in the country. Tommy Harmon, a terrific running back, has always been an All-American against State. Bob Westfall ripped the center of our line wide open with his bucking. Much of the success of these two backs is due to the superb blocking of Forrest Evashevski. Actually, the Spartans were in the game only about seven minutes, and then it took only three plays to score two touchdowns on three spectacular pass pl^ys, I really believe that State was off its game for their all-important game. Perhaps a week past their peak. Line play particularly was ineffective, The zip was gone. Good Defense At Ann Arbor, only the aerial game was impressive. The defense stopped all scoring exce|)t that by Harmon. Aside from that, State had little opportunity to show any-
thing else. By the way, the Spartan hero of the day was Champ Pawlowski, who was playing his first collegiate grid game, and who was out of all heavy duty because of injuries. He was formerly regarded as a break-away back and not as a receiver. State’s passing game should rival that of Purdue’s for Charlie Bachfnan has a number of fine hurlers. Wy Davis is regarded as the best of the lot. He also turned in several long runs against Michigan, Other passers include: Dick Kieppe, Mike Schelb and Bob Sherman. I look for today’s game to be decided in the air. Sophomore Ed Ripmaster looked good against Michigan, but will have trouble dislodging senior Jack X,mon at the fullback slot. Other changes may find Mike Schelb, the all-around man at one of the halfbacks. Big Front Men The forward wall is unusually fast and powerful which is manned by lettermen. The Spartan line is big. First string tackles weigh in at 200 lbs., while the second stringers add up to 220 lbs. Center position is well fortified with material. Guards have been somewhat of a problem and will have to leave the city. One thing that is not troubling State is the wealth of material. Lettermen are two and three deep in every position. The sophomore crop has turned in several outstanding pieces of work. Michigan State has the potential power to win all of its remaining games, but unless they get to function smoothly they can lose them all. The Spartans have deep respect for the Boilermaker athletic set-up. In fact, our $1,250,000 fieldhouse and gymnasium have been patterned to a large extent after the Lafayette structure. A. M. Chickering, Albion College biologist, reports that in Panama there are small spiders that seek security from the world’s dangers by taking up residence in the webs of larger spiders.
IM Schedules
MONDAY, October 14—SOFTBALL
Diamond
1 Ward 26 vs. Ward 31. 2 Ward 30 vs. Ward 24. 3 Ward 21 vs. Ward 27. 4 Ward 1,3 vs. Ward 25. 5 Ward 14 vs. Ward 10. 6 Ward 28 vs. Ward 6. 7 Ward 11 vs. Ward 4 8 Ward 9 vs. Ward 2. 9 Ward 8 vs. Ward 1. 10 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. H. Goldstein. * 11 Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. , R. Rigney. 12 Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Winner (Sigma Chi vs. &gma Alpha Epsilon). F. G
Witsmanr
13 Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 10. 14 Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 1. 16 Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 14.
TOUCHBALL
1 Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa. J. Shaw 2 Delta Chi vs. Acacia. E. A. Sroke. 3 Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Alpha Chi Rho
Dick Michaels.
4 Sigma Pi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. R. J
McCarthy.
6 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Theta Tau. James Dickman. 6 Phi Kappa Psi vs. Triangle. W. E.
Speidel
7 Alpha Sigma Phi vs Lambda Chi Al-
pha. G. R. Wolter.
8 Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Alpha Mu. C
Skinner.
Boilermakers
Purdue Girls Your Place in the Swirl Of the Fall Social Whirl .... is definitely assured if you have a clever little number such as this feather and fur-trimmed combination. This is just one of the many sr^ppy creations that we have ready to show you.
VICUI Hll Slip
Phone 2207
313 Columbia
Boilermaker Harriers Encounter Panthers On Uxal Course At 1 P. M. The newly installed cross country trail will receive its second pounding today at 1 o’clock when the starter’s gun will send a field of fourteen harriers on their way over the rolling course. A powerful, well-balanced team of Panthers arrived in town last night, and this afternoon the gentlemen from Pitt will do what they can to duplicate last year’s victory over the Boilermakers. " " Holderman Is Favorite
A great deal of the Riveter hopes
for victory are pinned on the lanky figure of Ed Holderman, the proud possessor of the course record, a mark which he set last Saturday in the meet with Indiana, His time of 18:42.6 stands a good chance Of being broken today, and the boy most likely to do the record bursting is big Ed, himself. In his collegiate career, Holderman has lost only once in a dual team meet. That exception to his record occurred last year when Walter Mehl beat him in
a dual meet with Wisconsin. Coach Herman Phillips, the Boil-
ermaker mentor, expressed his definite* conviction that the Riveter harriers could run the Panthers into the groimd if each member of the team would turn in the performance of which he is capable. This optimism is based upon an almost certain first place for Holderman and the hope that two or three of the other Boilermaker runners can fin-
ish better than sixth pface. In opposition to these optimistic
thoughts, the Pitt squad of seven men is one that has established quite a record for itself in Eastern circles. The team which is practically identical to the one that beat the Boilermakers last year, is the present holder of the ICAAAA championship, a crown which it won last year at Courtland Park, New York. Comparison of Pitt with other middlewestern teams is nearly impossible because the ICAAAA meet is a closed one for eastern teams only, although its winner is called the national collegiate cham-
pion.
Up And Coming Riveters In the past three years the Boilermakers have also acquired a rather auspicious record which has improved with time. Last year in the Big Ten meet they were tied for third place with Ohio State and next Saturday’s meet with the Buckeyes is one way of running off the tie. In dual meets the Riveters have piled up a total of victories which far outnumbers the losses. Starting for the Gold and lllack today will be the following men: Holderman, McLaughlin, Appleton, Jarvis, Marozick, Reeves, Jentsch and Stanley. In last Saturday’s meet with Indiana the Boilermakers who finished better than tenth place were: Holderman, who took first honors; McLaughlin in seventh place; Appleton in ninth place and Jarvis in tenth place. McLaughlin and Appleton are expected to nm far better races tqday, however, and the team’s chances for victory will be increased by their improvement. j.dff.
(Continued from page 1)
Bachman’s charges last season on the crest of the all-American play of Dave Rankin who circled ends and caught passes until the crowd packing Ross-Ade seats were dizzy. After the game Bachman said, “Give me Rankin and Purdue’s uniforms, and I’ll give you Purdue’s team almost verbatim.” And how
true that statement is.
Therefore today’s battle will almost result in individual Supremacy. Both squads will be going through another scrimmage session as far as enemy formations are concerned, and the game, from early indications, should be settled from the air.
Pass ’Em
^Purdue’s attack; is certain to be one of short air thrusts for their first-and-ten march if the line smashes of Petty and Buffington are stopped, or the end circling of Galvin, Byelene, and Carter becomes diverted. Purdue’s board of strategy need not grieve too much if a running attack is stemrfied, because the passing ability of Byelene, Brock, and Galvin has no peer in grid circles, and the recemng ability of Rankin, Kersey, and Combs speaks
for itself.
Speaking of passing, Michigan’s offense is entirely built on the tossing ability of five good passers and two fly-paper receivers, headed by Champ jPawlowski, a sophomore. Pawlowski was in the MichiganMichigan State game last week for seven plays and scored two touchdowns on the long end of two ozone flights. He’s a halfback and light as the remainder of the State backs.
Harvard University in the last year received gifts totaling $4,857,942.
SENIORS You only have two and one-half more days to get your senior pictures. Saturday-S a. m. to 12 noon Monday-8 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. Tuesday-8 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. Room 60 Sub-basemeni of the Union .
Otherwise you must go to Dexheimer-Carlson, Indianapolis DEBRISI V
r ^ ■^i
■t.
iK'/
Iz.
PURDU^ EXPOI^ENT
Saturday, October 12, 1940
4— S'i
Personnel Notes Engineering Mid-yfear Graduates: Paul Strecker, Personnel Director, Grand Rapids Stamping Division, General Motors Corporation, Grand Rapids, Mich., plans to visit the University Friday, October 26, to interview seniors in engineering who will be graduated at mid-year. Men selected will be assigned to various shop and production departments for a period of training, after which they will be placed where the need arises, and where they seem best fitted. All of the work which is done by this company is in connection with sheet metal stamping. Strecker specifies that the men to be interviewed must be in the top third of their class scholastically, and be able to get along well with other people. Those interested sign the list in the oflSce of the head of their school immediately. Those selected for interview will be notified by the Personnel office. Like father, like son—^that’s the pet theory of Dr. Walter B. Pillsbury. University of Michigan psychologist, who says the father’s IQ could be used for the son’s college entrance examination.
$69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoif, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Taken from Home Ec coat rack beige rain coat, zipper front. Call Roberta Perkins, 35022.
FOR SALE: Model "A” Ford roadster cheap Good running. Call Sekban, 46633.
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m. Eta Kappa Nn: Important meeting concerning elections at 7 :30 p. m. on Wednesday, October 16, in room 306 of the Union. —HOLCOMB.
Reamers: Regular meeting Monday, October 14, at 7 :1B p. m. in room 303 of Union. Pledges will report at 7:46 p. m. —BOHLIN.
Union Workers: My committee will meet Saturday, October 12, at 1 p. m. in the Student Union office. —ADKINS.
Union Sophomores: Important meeting of Hal Knight’s, Doug McDaniel’s, and Carl Tafel’s committees in the Union work shop at 1 p m. Saturday, October 12. / —HOFFER.
Scriveners: There will be no meeting on Sunday, October 13. —RIEGLE.
P.C.F. Freshman Association: Meeting on Monday, October 14, at 4 :15 p. m. in room 304 of the Union —REYNOLDS.
P.C.F. “Courtship and Marriage” Class: Meeting Monday, October 14, at 7 :30 p. m, at 126 S Chauncey. —REYNOLDS.
Purdue Christian Foundation: There will be a ball game Saturday, October 12, at 1:15 p. m Meet at the south end of Intramural field. —MANGUS
Classified Ads FOR SALE Buss-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night Phone, 2407.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Hold elections Friday, October II, at 4 :16 p. m. in room 305 of the Union. All who have signed up or tried out, and anyone else interested, may attend. —SMULEVITZ.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable tirpewriters, $29.76 to
ANN SHERIDAN Newest in the line-up of Mars Theater hits films is “City For Conquest,” co-starring James Cagney and Ann Sheridan in a masterful story of the world’s biggest city. “City For Conquest,” which is based on Aben Kandel’s widely read novel of the same name, will have its first local showing on Saturday.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Dairy Products
• Hardware
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
Edgerfon Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Right Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Tailor
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
• Professional
Phone 3928 ' Res. 6431 MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Lafayette, Indiana
• Jewelers
HAYS JEWELRY CO. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices ^AST SIDE OF SQUARE
• Locksmith
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
R. C EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Freshmen Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, October 12, by schools as follows: students whose names begin with A-E—Michael Golden Shops, room 101. F-K—Electrical Building, room 264. L-R—Electrical Building, room 129. S-Z—Civil Engineer Building, room 201, - —KNABP.
must do so before Tuesday, October 22, See any of the following;, John Galloway, Ed Czenkusch, Don Swaim, Walt Stanton, Dick Kroyvill, John Selb, Reinhardt Bergstet, Bob Massey. —MASSEY. '
Civil Camp Refund: Checks ard ready for the following: Von Behren, Curran, Walker, Pace, Love, B. A. Johnson, Jones, George. —LOMMEL.
Outing Club: Everyone going to Pines
Park meet in front of the Armory at 12:8tt p. m. on Saturday, October 12. Please bring 60 cents to cover cost of foods and trahsportation. For reservations caU Opal Blagrave, 6756, or Marjorie Ward, 4111, before Friday noon. —PARKER.
Independent Men: Those interested in singing in the PIA men’s chorus sign up in PIA office in Union Building or contact Smulevitz. There are Still ten vacancies. ' —SMULEVITZ,
Hydraulics (CE 41): An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in the hydraulic laboratory on Saturday, October 19, from 1 to 4 p. m. Permission -to' take the examination must be obtained from the undersigned before October 16. ' —F. W. GREVE.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting and pledging of new members, Friday, October 11, at 4:80, room 804, Memorial Union Building. —CORTISSOZ.
Senior Military: A war department training film, “The Medical Regiment” will be shown in room 104 of the Armory at 4 p. m. Monday, October 14. This film will show the operations of the medical personnel of the square division in action. —WORKMAN. Wesley Foundation: All Methodist freshmen are invited to a picnic supper Friday evening, leaving the west door of the Fieldhouse at 6:30 p. m. —HYDE.
Purdue Wheelmen: Ride Sunday, October 13 ^t 2:30 p. m. Meet in front of Administration Building. No picnic. —VANDERBILT.
Chem Engrineers: Those who desire to purchase subscriptions at reduced rates to Chem and Met magazines or the Purdue Engineer along with membership to AIChE
CLOTHES LAST LONGER When Sent to Crown Regularly for Cleaning Our expert skill, painstaking care and years of experience plus thorough cleaning process offer you the finest cleaning service available.
FIME CLEAtlEBS OF FINE CLQTMgS
Junior Military: Juniors report to supply room in Armory on Thursday and Friday, October 10 and 11, for your advanced course uniforms. —TORMEY.
Model Railroaders: Club meeting Saturday, October 12, at 1:30 p. m. in attic of Mechanical Engineering Building. All interested invited. —DARR.
All Male Students: Sign up in the supply room of the Armory for the third novice pistol firing which starts October 22. 16-40 —WASSMAN.
NEVER SOLD FOR LESS THEY SHOULD ALWAYS OE SOLD FOR MORE..,.
NEW FALL SUITS
'25
Men often ask us, "How is it possible to sell such luxurious suits for only $25?" There's a story behind this miracle value. We joined with over 500 leading stores from coast to coast under the CLIPPER CF^FT PLAN. Pooling our purchasing power, getting the benefits of "scientifically planned production," we have succeeded in putting smarter style, better workmanship, and finer fabrics into Clipper Craft than you could ever before obtain in a $25 suit. Choose your Clipper Crafts today from new fall colors and models now on display.
EXCLUSIVE
V
WITH