V
f >i > y’,
I >
, eslie, 05, Dies In South
Greeks Sponsor Dances Tonight Joe McCartney and his torchestra will play for the Kappa Sigma Christmas formal to be held tonight at the chapter house. Allen’s ballroom will be the scene of the Alpha Chi Omega formal tonight. Delta Upsilon fraternity is holding an informal radio dance at the chapter house. Radio dances will also be given by Theta Chi and Lambda Chi fraternities.
the Purdue
Exponent
SATURDAY Decembc^r 11., 1937 Lafayette, Indiana VOL 49 No. 75
Heart Ailment Is Fatal To Prominent Alumnus Harry G. Leslie, BS '05, former governor of Indiana and captain of the 1904 Purdue football team, succumbed to a heart attach at 7 p. m. last night in Miami, Fla., following an illness of three months. Leslie was bom in Lafayette on April 16,1878. He received his early education in the local schools, graduating from the West Lafayette High School. “Skillet,” as he was known to his friends, entered the Uni-
Basketball Seas Toniahl With St
flermaker Quintet Will Meet Initial Test With Of last Season's Veterans Back In Harness
PROBABLE LINEUP
Position INDIANA STATE F O’Leary F Cissna C Julian G Wood G Fick or Watson
PURDUE
Sines Young Anderson Dickinson Beretta or Malaska ..
OFFICIALS—Referee, Bray, Xavier? umpire, Chandler,
of Butler.
Purdue’s commodious new Fieldhouse will be opened to the basketball public for the first time tonight as the Boilermakers launch the hardwood campaign against Indiana State Teachers quintet in the first of a trio of home games scheduled within five days. The current Purdue hardwood offering, which will attempt to make up in speed what it lacks in height, will meet Xavier here Monday and Detroit Wednesday before heading on an extended holiday tour that calls for games against DePaul and Loyola in Chicago; Denver at Denver, and Southern California and U. C. L. A. at Los Angeles.
Finish Fourth
No&ed out of at least a share of the Big Ten title for the first time in four years last season when they finished fourth with eight victories and four losses, the Boilermakeres are expected to stick to a typical Lambert fast break type of offense in their bid for 1937-38 honors. Although Lambert is undecided on his starting lineup, he is expected to stick to a largely veteran quintet against the Sycamore five that will make the Boilermakers look like comparative midgets. Jewell Young, All-American forward, who shattered the Big Ten scoring record last season, is expected to team at forward with Johnny Sines, another senior veteran, with Gene Anderson, sleight-of-hand passer who earned his spurs as a sophomore, at center. Tom Dickinson, fire-horse junior, and either Pat Malaska, speedy dribbling senior, or Fred Beretta, promising sophomore, are expected to be at the guards. Parking Space For the convenience of basketball followers, parking facilities will be available at the northeast corner of the University campus at the intersection of Northwestern and Stadium, it was announced last night by Robert C. Woodworth, acting athletic director.
Varieties Go On Air In Fowler Hall Today At 3 W B A A’s “Campus Varieties” will be broadcast from Eliza Fowler Hall this afternoon from 3 to 4 o’clock. The program is being broadcast from the recently remodeled stage of Fowler Hall, enablin gthe student body to see, as well as hear, the variety show. This week’s program will feature the Twb' G’s, Marge Starrett, the Heine Trio, Dick Tomzack, and as master of ceremonies, “Midget” Miller. Labor Leaders Will
iscuss^ policies
In addition to the parking area at the northeast corner of the campus, with which all football fans are familiar, there will be a limited amount of parking space on the gravelled area directly north of the new Fieldhouse. Art Ch^noweth Will Play At Union Mixer Tonight Art Chenoweth and his 10-piece dance orchestra will play for the regular mixer tonight in the Memorial Union ballroom from 9 l;o 12. The ushal admission price of one dollar per couple will prevail.
TO MEMBERS OF THE UNIVERSITY FACULTY The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, December 13, at 4 p.m. in Stanley Coulter Hall. V A full Attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott, President.
il
Hear Elliott Talk With registration at 10 o’clock this morning in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building, the second meeting of the American Association of University Professors for this year will get under way with Dr. 0. C. Trimble, of the division of education and applied psychology, presiding. At 10:30, Dr. Thomas E. Mason, of the mathematics department, will deliver the address of welcome. Speakers for the morning meeting will include Prof. L. R. Eckhardt, of DePauw University, who will speak on “Resources and Results, and Prof. E. S. Conklin, of Indiana University who will discuss “Departmental Management.” After the luncheon, which will be held in the Union balh’oom at 12:15, President Elliott will address the professors. At the afteimoon se.«sion, starting at 2 p. m.. Dr. F. J. Allen, of the chemistry department, will introduce the president of the AAUP, Dr. A. J. Carlson, of the University of Chicago, who will speak on “Some Implications of the Professional Charactei^ of the AAUP.” Following this talk, R. B. Stewart, University controller, will lecture on “Budgeting One’s Income.” Musical Groups To Carol Tuesday Night Following the Christmas convocation which will be presented by the (|:ampus musical • organizations Deceinber 14, the members of the University choirs, glee club, and orchestra will carol on the West Side and in Lafayette. Transportation for the singers will be furnished by the Military Department. A novel Japanese supper has been arranged by the Union for the carolers and it will be served in the cafeteria following the singing. Special 12 o’clock hours have been granted the co-eds in the organizations. All members of these groups who are planning to attend the supper should sign up as soon as possible in A. P. Stewart’s office in Eliza Fowler Hall.
ly
Representatives of the American Federation of Labor and the Committee for Industrial Organization will meet in Eliza Fowler Hall, on Monday evening at 8 o’clock, under the auspices of the Purdue Student Alliance, to present an open discussion on present day labor problems. A. F. of L. Representative Hugh J. Gormley, general representative in this district of the A. F. of L. leader, Wm. Green, will discuss the history and policies of his organization. In his talk, Gormley will show how students have benefited from the organization of labor. CIO Viewpoint Pres'enting the views of the CIO, Woodruff Randolph of Indianapolis, and secretary treasurer of the Inernational Typographical Union, will lead th^e discussion covering the present and future plans of the CIO. Following these talks, an open forum will be conducted, giving the audience an opportunity to question the speakers and take an active part in the discussion of important labor problems. Glee Club To Appear At Christmas Musk Festival Members of the Men’s Glee Club, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, will represent the University in the Christmas Music Festival to be held in the gymnasium of Jefferson high school, Lafayette, Sunday afternoon at 3:30 o’clock. The pi'ogram of the Festival which is sponsored by the Lafayette Musical Society, will be made up of a number each frorh the choirs and choruses of various churches and musical organizations of Lafayette. The Gjee Club will sing “Thanks Be To God” by Dixon. A mass choral of four hundred voices will serve as a finale. Child DeyelopmenlGroup Meets Monday “Games and Toys” will be discussed by the child development group of the Purdue Women’s Club when they meet Monday at 8 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Members will bi’ing home-made or unusual toys for display.
Students Enter North Doors At Basketball Games Basketball fans are requested by R. C. Woodworth, acting director of athletics, to observe the following regulations and suggestions in order to reach seats in the Fieldhouse most conveniently. 1. The east and west doors of the Fieldhouse will open at 6:30 o’clock and the game will start promptly at 7:30 o’clock. 2. The two north doors at each entrance have been set aside as student entrances, while the general public will be admitted to the Fieldhouse through the doors to the south of student entrances. 3. Students will occupy the main floor in its entirety, while the general public will be seated in the balcony. 4. After obtaining entrance to the Fieldhouse, ticket holders should consult their stubs and use the proper stairways and entrances in order to find their seats with a minimum of effort. 5. Entrance to the Fieldhouse cannot be made through the new men’s gymnasium, which will be ' locked at 5:30 o’clock on the evening of each home game. Tickets to basketball games will be honored only at the east and west entrances of the Fieldhouse proper. S Will Hear Dr. Boruff Today Dr. C. S. Boruff, technical director of Hiram Walker & Sons, Inc., will discuss modern distillery operations and problems at the December meeting of the Amei’ican Chemical Society to be held at four p. m. this afternoon. The meeting which will take place in room 106 of the Chemistry Building, is to be followed by a dinner in honor of Dr. Boruff at the Memorial Union Building at 5:46. Dr. Boi’uff’s research field includes sanitary chemistry, general fermentology, water and sewage, chlorination, anerobic fermentation of cellulose, and cellulosic materials with the formation of methane. He will discuss the various chemical, biological, and engineering problems that are met in the distilling iridustry, paying special attention to the chemical and biological subjects The meeting is open to the general' public. Choir Will Sing At Christmas Convo Tuesday evening, December 14, a special Christmas convocation will be held at 8 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. A string quartet will play carols at the entrance of the building, and the University Choir composed of 150 vqices under the direction of Albert P. Stewart will enter singing,, “Hark the Herald Angels Sing.” Stewart will then lead the audience in singing “O, Little Town of Bethlehem,” “Come All Ye Faithful,” “It Came Upon a Midnight Clear” and “JSytothe World.” “A Christmas Choralogue,” a new composition written by W. B. Olds, a California musician, will be the special feature of the program. It will be sung by the choir, without accompaniment, as a background to the Christmas story to be read by Robert Horn of the speech department.
Succumbs At 59
Harry G. Leslie, former governor of Indiana and prominent Purdue alumnus, who succumbed to a heart attack in Florida yesterday.
ents To Start Canvass Of West Side Houses Today Undaunted by cold weather, independent student leaders will set out today to gather information on all West Lafayette rooming houses for men. Landlady and students at each place will be contacted and interviewed with three-page questionnaires approved by Dean of Men, M. L. Fisher. Ward managers and other independent men met in the Union tower room last night to discuss plans for the West Side survey with Robert Schlundt, Robert Buckles, and Paul Manion, respective heads of UIA, PSA, and Exponent, organizations backing the survey. Each manager was given a list of the houses in his ward and men assigned to assist him in canvassing his section of the city. Schlundt said last night more men were needed in order to complete the survey in the time desired. He asks that any independent students interested in the work report to the Union PIA office any time today. The housing canvass will be conducted out of this office. Annual Conference Of Welders Ends Two-Day Session-600 Attendance The thirteenth annual University Welding Conference closed yesterday afternoon, after a two-day session in the Michael Golden Shops, with an estimated attendance of 600 welding manufacturers, buyers, and salesmen. The subjects discussed in the technical session yesterday moiming included modern machine cutting, development of a student’s course for welders, and the welding of low alloy steels. The speakers were: R. F. Helmkamp, of the Air Reduction Sales Co., New York City L. A. Wilken, of the Graver Tank and Manufacturing Co., East Chicago; and J. C. Hodge, of the Babcock and Wilcox Co., and Braber-
ton, O.
In the afternoon the latest welding and fabricating practices were described by W. R. Bernardi, of Westinghouse Electric Co.; R. A. Goeller, of Hatzel and Buehler, New York City; and W. B. Browning of the Linde Air Products Co., Chicago, III., respectively discussed the problems of joining copper bars by means of brazing alloys, and geneial maintenance.
versity in the fall of 1901. 8 Letter Man While in Purdue he was active in athletics and other extra-curricu-lar work. He was an eight-letter man, winning four numerals in both football and baseball. ‘Skillet’ was president of his class during all four years of his college life. When contacted last night by the Exponent, President Edward C. Elliott had the following to say in reference to the death of the former governor: “I am deeply saddened by the sudden death of my old friend, Harry G. Leslie. Purdue University has lost one of its most distinguished men. Through his long career he has always been a devoted and 'stalwart crusader for the cause of th^ University. His rugged honesty, his personality, and his unselfishness have left an enduring mark on the State of Indiana.” State Representative Leslie started on his political career in 1923 in the Indiana House of Representatives. He served four consecutive years being speaker of the house from J.925 to 1927. In 1929 he was elected governor on the Republican ticket. He was very active with University affairs being executive secretary of the Purdue Alumni Association from 1924 to 1928. In 1935, Leslie organized the Standard Life Insurance Co., of Indianapolis, of which he was president until his death. Leslie is survived by the widow and three sons Jack, Dick, and Bob, all of whom attended the Univer-
sity.
The body will be taken from Miami, Fla., to Indianapolis tonight. No other funeral arrangements have been made. Ear Muffs^ Hats Needed For Cold Days—Dr. Miller Editor’s Note: This is the second in a series of articles based on interviews with Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Stndent Health Service, concerning health precautions daring cold weather.
“You said yesterday it was important to weaT hats in cold weather, Doc,” we addressed Dr. Miller yesterday afternoon. “Just why should we students wear hats?” “If it’s important to wear extra clothing on other parts of the body during extremely cold weather” Doc retorted, “there’si no reason for not giving the head added protection.” “Often the reason put up for not wearing a hat,” he continued, “is that the head is covered with hair. The body is 'covered with clothes all the time, yet we add extra garments in the winter time.” “If you can’t or won’t buy hats,” Doc advises, “then let your hair grow.” Ear muffs are also necessary for winter protection, Dr. Miller thinks . . . since the ears are the easiest part of the body to freeze, because of poor blood supply. The early cold weather this fall presages the possibility of another winter as severe as that two years ago. Doc say§. and at that time more than 100 cases of frozen ears were reported to his office. “From the number of ear muffs I’ve already seen on the campus this year,” Doc states, “I believe the students are using more sense in regard to their health.”
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Fair today; tomorTOw mostly cloudy with rising temperature; possibly rain or snow. Local temperature: 9:30 a. m. Thursday to 9:30 p. m, Friday; High 23; low, 8; mean, 15.5.m.
|S»:
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday/ December 12. 1937
Chemical Engineering... ... is a school Purdue which has shown particular progressiveness during the past few years . . . not so much for any increases in enrollment as for its advancement in management and teaching methods. The very nature of changes instituted in the school have indicated its alertness to demands of the industrial world, and in responding to these demands it has raised the standards of the school itself and of its graduates. A year ago, limitations Were set on entrance into chemical engineering . . . limitations based on the chemisti'y aptitude of applicants as shown by their grades in the subject, but which did not keep out of the school any student who displayed any prospect of becoming a good chemical engineer. Later the school remade its curriculum to require among other things, that its students take a unit operations course which deals with actual production processes of industry. Recently the school realized the need for separating from itself the study of metallurgy and persuaded the University board of trustees to establish a separate school for this course. A memorandum from Dr. J. L. Bray, head of chemical engineering, comments on the separation as follows: “Beginning with the ‘wooden walls of Troy’ a contest has been going on between the projectile maker and the armament maker, with first one and then the other in the ascendancy. A similar contest is now being waged within the ranks of industry—one between the metallurgist and all other engineers. “These engineers have devised new machines such as the electric refrigerator, the automobile, aeroplane, typewriter, adding machine, vacuum tube, and Diesel engine to lighten our labors and have completely transformed our industrial and social life in the past few years. Many more “slaves” now serve us than in 1860. “These engineers have found pure metals or simple alloys woefully inadequate and that plain carbon steel no longer suffices for a bridge or high pressure boiler, nor silicon steel for magnetic materials, nor babbit for bearings nor plain cast iron for cylinder blocks, “Much more commonly the engineer designs a piece of equipment and then calls upon the metallurgist for an alloy---a new one—^with new combinations of physical, chemical or electrical properties. Certainly in the last few years the metallurgist has become a very important individual in industry and is finding for himself new places in many and varied fields. “Meanwhile the character of the metallurgist him-
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
^sociuted ^oUcgiate "jlrgsg
(SjtQdrIliacaf
HADiSOH VOSCONSm
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Conirrem of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postsSe provided for In section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1022. Published daily except Monday durhtK the resrular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year: by mail $8.60. nBPRB9BNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTtBiNG BY National AdvertisingService, Inc.
College Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO - Boston , Los Angeles - San Fnancisco
main OFFICB
812 N. Fifth St, Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6088
UNIQN OFFICE
Room E, Memorial Union' Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief R. P. Manion
Ensiness Manarer D. C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF
Manaffina Editor..
J. E. Brock
Associate Editors - -.D. A Bailey, L. S. Hardin,
G. D. Schroeder, H. I. .Btanback, D. R. Vance
Editor’s Secretary .....................I .Marsraret Sawyer
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Bosiness Manager. — J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager.... W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager— —R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager....... M. C. Reeves
CO-ED STAFF
Editor Elizabeth Pykc Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF Editor. ... R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors ..._J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald,
B. D. WHwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions In it. unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide 'with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-
tor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Schroeder Issue Editor—Tafel Saturday, December 11, 1937
self has changed along with new developments in physical metallurgy, metallography, X-Ray, thermal and dilatometric analysis, electroplating, die casting and the direct rolling of metals. The former compromise with chemical engineering, chemistry or mining is no longer compatible with our educational resources with the result that the Board of Trustees of Purdue University, recognizing this change, has authorized the granting of a separate degree in Metallurgical Engineering.”
Letters to tlie Editor
Explain Yourself, Mr. Deckard Dear Editor: We would like to register our disapproval of the wr^te-up about lust night’s convocation. On what authority does Mr. Deckard base his criticism of these renowned ai’tists ? Does it mean nothing that three members of the company were invited by Arturo Toscanini to sing at the International Music Festival at Salzburg? Doesn’t a composer and director as well known as Richard Hageman deserve more than mere mention as director and pianist? Isn’t the fact that two of his compositions were presented on the program news worthy enough to be mentioned ? Be that as it may, we wonder if it is good journalistic style to include personal opinion in a frontpage news story, not to mention such glaring mistakes in rhetoric as calling Wagner “the elite of the classic works.” M.A.M., C.F.R.
Vote For The
All-Campus
—PARTY— For Gala Week Fay Pendergrass Nelson Parkliurst Dave Thompson Marty Schreyer Ray Schenk UilllHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIItlllllltlllllllll The most gala Gala Week for the guys and galas of the Senior Class.
Stolen Honor Dear Editor: Purdue in general, is a swell place, and most of the people hereabouts are fine, but to call some of them rats would be doing the rodent species an injustice. Monday evening, after playing basketball at the new gym, I decided to take a swim and left a key chain, containing a gym locker key and four honorary keys in the shower room. When I returned, five minutes later, the chain was missing, and in its place I found a ring, containing a locker key and several others. Thinking my keys had been picked up by accident, I compared the duplicate key with the one found on the ring—They were the same, and the other keys on the ring were my house key and several other locker keys that had been on the chain. Some sweet little skunk had gone to the trouble of removing the keys from the chain and replacing them
on the ring, thereby making a net profit of one chain and four honorary keys. I suppose now the little fellow will go back to bis home town, puff out his chest, and open his vest, so that all the pretty little girls can see what a hero and big-shot he is, —with someone else’s name on the keys. Frank Milner CE’37. Industrial Educafbn Group To Hear McComb Professor H. G. McComb will talk at the supper meeting of the Industrial Education Society December 18 at 5:45 p. m. in the Union cafeteria. A business meeting will be held in room B of the Union at 6:30 p. m. C. G. Stillman invites all industrial education students to attend.
Vote For The
All-Campus
—PARTY— For Prom 'lAr Martha Whitehead ^ Fred Baase Sully Mason Stubby Meier ★ Bob Ruth Bob Sasser Bill Smith
PROM
-ISES PTLY OTED
“This is the last picture in which Jean Harlow worked before her death.” Exhibitor’s Note —also—r
pins ^‘Musical Headliner”
Last Times Today TEX RITTER in “HEADIN’ FOR THE RIO GRANDE” —~and—• RICHARD TALMADGE in ‘‘SPEED REPORTER”
“DICK TRACY” No. 2
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Ljchty
Last installment of the “Ideal Freshman Handbook” and this chapter concerns “Health Rules For Freshmen.” “Doc” Miller'says colds “block’ many serious diseases. That isn’ all they block ... if you freshmen must know . . . they block your love life if your date is cold . . . block your study plans by providing good excuse to cut . . . block out good grades if you’re taking Speech 14. The following rules must be observed or you may get into serious difficulties: (Remember, man is like a short circuit because colds lower his resistance). 1. When you go on a date don’t forget your overshoes, overcoat, and automobile. 2. Bathe before dates because the gold diggers don’t want all your scents and wouldn’t mind having a good look. 3. Don’t try to work off a cold in a gym . . . a tavern is much better. 4. Always sleep after too many draughts—of beer. 5. Kissing is always dangerous, but remember forbidden pleasures are always sweetest. 6. Avoid cross drafts in an auto . if your date has distemper and won’t shut up . ... make hen 7. Re-read Rule Number 4 which refers to the imbibing of alcoholic beverages. 8. Always wear an overcoat if you step out for smooching between between dances.
-TODAY-
MroNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30
The life and loves of Stephen Collins Foster “HARMOKY lANE” A picture as big as the singing soul of America! with Dougldiss Montgomery Evelyn Venable
mm V Last Times Today
JOHN MUHYMORE iVNNE OVERMAN • CHARU» 8IQffORD*LOUiSE CAMPRBl -PLUS-
starting tomorrow LESLIE HOWARD BETTE DAVIS in TT’S LOVE PM AFTER”
‘Heavens! Hand me my compact! My nose is shiny!’
9. Keep your room temperate normal ... if you can’t do this don’t go into your room, you never study anyway. 10. These rules are not to be sneezed at and neither is anybody else. 11. Get at least four hours of sleep in class each day. 12. Follow the ideal diet such as this: cokes, cigarets, cigars if you prefer, candy, pie, cake, followed by castor oil. Alcohol is optional on this diet. 13. Improve the backwash taste of your mouth caused by strict observance of Rule 4, by using Alka Seltzer. 14. If your date is known to be “hot,” then always wear the new asbestos cellophane thin-lip covers to prevent lip blistering. That’s all folks, .and now we’ll revert to noi^al.
Alpha Xi Mothers Will Hold Christmas Party Alpha Xi Delta Mothei-s' Club will meet at the home of Mrs. S. S. Cromer, 915 Fifth street. West Lafayette, Monday afternoon at 2:30 o’clock, for a Christmas party. A feature o£ this December meeting will be the election of officers.
LEARN TO DANCE By Enrolling In Our NEW BEGINNER’S CLASS Wed., Dec. 11, 7:00 P. M. Our Classes Will Be Dismissed During School Vacation PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S Wh & Ferry
OUR STAGEA
PERSON
Harlem's Arislocrat of |axx !
TODAY only
miOGTOt] AND HIS FAMOUS ORCHESTRA
Come Early Doors Open llc30 A. M. • with
6—STAGE SHOWS—6
, —at— ^
1:15 — 3:05 — 4:55 — 6:45 Tfl
8:35
Also Late Show at 10:30
IVIE ANDERSON
Tn
HARLEM speaks'
-ADMISSIONMain Floor 40c Balcony 30c Children .........15cSaturday, December 11.1937
THE PUHDUE EXPONENT
\
I . %
Maxwell's Boxing Squad Fights First 1 Golden Gloves Elimination Matches
Winners To Battle Again Wednesday With many 'newcomers making their first appearance in the “sqfiai--ed Wcle,” Coach “Punchy” Maxwell’s boxing squad fought theiT first matches of the Golden Gloves three round elimination tournament in the new Fieldhouse last nigM. Featured by two first round knockouts, the card was full of fast qnd exciting action for the large group of fight. In the first battle Sterns took a decision from Giles, and Armonoff knocked out Maddison after 13 seconds. Wilkinson, 118 pounder, won /over_ Franklin, in another decision. Wacks drew first blood as he was awarded a decision from McCoy. In a 136 pound fight, Dix, experienced upperclassman won a decision from a game, freshman boxer. Woodhull and Moran put on a very fast and smooth fight with Woodhull getting the decision. Errickson, a 147-pounder was the winner over Miller. Smithson in the 160 pound class won over Hussung, and Williams knocked out O’Connor in 10 seconds. The last two fights were decisions with Gribb over Bowman and Ramputi over Badet. Tonight’s winners will meet in the final matches next Wednesday to decide the Golden Gloves champions of Purdue.
All America Board Names Selections Although afforded the consolation of seven cards of merit, no Purdue gridmen are -included in the AU America Board lof Football’s All America Team for this year. Duane Purvis, ’33, was the last P-man to be selected by'the Board; previous to this, there had been four— Moss and Horstmann, ’32; and Sleight and Welch, ’29. Ends Schwartz, University of California. King, University of Minnesota. Tackles Beinor, University of Notre "Dame. Matisi, University of Pittsburgh. Guards Monsky, University of Alabama Zarnas, Ohio State University. Center Wojciechowicz, Fordham University Quarterback Frank, Yale University. Halfbacks Goldberg, University of Pittsburgh. Chapman, University of California. Fullback Davis, University of Indiana. The Purdue players receiving Cards of Merit are Powell, Zachary, Grant, Schx'eyer, Woltman, Brock, and Cecil Ist^ell.
»the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Book$tore$
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” EverythiBsg for a College Education H. C. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUl. A. RISK DR. BAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 —" locksmith — “C” CARTER for Kors — Loekfl — Gonoral RepairlBC Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.C,N. and Norton Door Checks Open Eveninga Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
— Jewelry ■— R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R, C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHEE WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post OflSce
— Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822^ AIN — Shoe Repair BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP —Taxi Service — The Thinkinar Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of city 5023—Phones—3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop \ Quality Flotaera Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most exclusire asaortment af carsaxes available ta Pnrdna Stadenta. 527 Main Phone 54S2 — Confectionery —- Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main ond Sixth Sta. — Dine —
iRjujcb^
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at' Lindbergh Road
• Printing—“
SUDDEN SERVICE
□ '
P
iRINTING
Office SisHoneiy . Wedding Invitations
_ Salas Books, Etc. ...
PHONE
2 628 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
Wrestlers Open Card At Wheaton With the advent of modern facilities in the new Fieldhouse, wrestling has been rejuvenated on the Purdue campus, and intercollegiate matches will be res^umed this afternoon after a lapse of seven years, when Coach Reeck, newly appointed wrestling coach, journeys with his squad to Illinois to battle Wheaton College. Squad Chosen The Boilermaker squad is dominated by sophomores, and has only one representative from the senior class. Elimination matches were held this week and the following men have earned their right to be on the squad that will meet Wheaton: Dawson, 118 lbs.; Seiber, 126 lbs.; Timms, 135 lbs.; Huffman, 146 lbs.; Tyrrell, 155 lbs.; Gossard, 165 lbs.; Pratt, 175 lbs.;'and Glika, the heavyweight class. A group of 39 freshmen, most of whom have had as much experience as the varsity, have been improving very rapidly, according to Coach Reeck, and will provide plenty of excellent material for next year’s varsity. Several other matches have been scheduled for the Boilei’makers, the most important of which are two meets with Chicago and one with Northwestern which will prepare the squad for the Big Ten tournament that is as yet tentative. Pi Befa Phi Mothers HdIcI Christmas Party Pi Beta PJii Mothers’ Club will hold its annual officers’ Christmas party Monday afternoon, from 2 to 5, at the home of Mrs. Ralph B. Wiley. Guests will be mothers of Pi Beta Phi daughters, the local alumnae club president, and the Pux’due chapter patronesses and advisory board.
Sharpshooter
Jewell Young, who set a new conference scoring record last season with 172 points, will be a major factor in the Boilermakers’ bid for l,he 1937-38 Big Ten cage title.
ATO, Thela Chi In Touchball Finiis Alpha Tau Omega and Theta Chi will battle for the Greek touchball championship this afternoon, with the game starting at 2 o’clock on Russell Field. The ATO team won its right to play in the finals by beating Phi Kappa Tau in a protest-settling, overtime play-off Monday. Theta Chi beat the Sigma Chi’s in their semi-final game a week ago. This deciding game was originally scheduled for Tuesday, but since the games often end in the darkness, the intramural authorities set it for this afternoon in order to solve the problem. Three officials will referee the game, giving the teams little basis for any protest.
Popcorn for Parties Order Popcorn for your pre-Christmas parties. Any quantity. DAD’S PLACE — So Handy
Can. GiMk
The FOSTER SHOP East Side Square
Attention, Fraternities! for your Xmas Parties We have a complete line of Large Selection of Xmas Cards Mechanical Toys Construction Sets Games Dolls Purdue Sc and 10c Stere West Lafayette
Squashmen Meet Indianapolis Athletic Club In Coffee Pot Match This Afternoon Coach Clevett’s Boilermaker squash team will go out with blood in their eyes today at 3 p. m. in an attempt to get the old coffee pot back from the Indianapolis Athletic Club. In use only since last year, the antique coffee pot with a figure of a squash player on top and the yearly winner engraved on the side was won by the Indianapolis club when it captured two of the three matches last year. Purdue won its home match, but lost the two played at the Capitol City. This year two matches will be con-
tested here and one there to even the series. The match tomoiTow will include 12 individual matches, with captain Lucek leading the team composed of students and faculty. lA the number two position will be Linn, followed in order by Coach Clevett, Sokolowski, Homer Allen, Fields, Wakefield, Jackson, Juve, Eberhard, Knoll and Blitz. Feature Bout The feature of the match will be the old men’s contest between Hawkins of the Indianapolis club, who has been playing squash for 15 years, and Larry LaBree, who is the oldest man on the Boilermaker squad. Play will be on the second floor above Dreeses Drug Store at the corner of Eighth and Main streets in Lafayette and will be the last match until the squad makes its eastern trip during the Christmas holidays.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
LaBree Shaping Up Varsity Swim Team With plenty of material, but woefully lacking in lettermen. Coach Lai-ry LaBree is whipping the swimming team into shape for next semester’s meets. Tredwell, backstroke man and diver, is the only swimming team letterman back, but in water polo, Jacobi, Can-, VanDelester, Armstrong, and Lahey are back. Besides playing water polo, VanDelester, and Carr hold down breaststroke positions, but failed to win their letters. The team will be weak in free sdyle men, as only Marshall, Howard, and Lahey appear in the class to swim against the other schools. Marshall was in school last year, but was not eligibk. These three men will be the probable swimmers in the 50 and 100 yard free style events. Other men who may fit into the free style picture are Anchor, Liming, Fuller and Rohrbaugh. ' <
From The Men's Store
A Gift from THE HUB for Father, Brother or a Friend will always be deeply appreciated. Michaels Stern Suits, Overcoats, Lounging Robes, Shirts, Ties, Sweaters, Mufflers, Hats, Mackinaws. Everything for men and boys in a men's store . . . gifts he will be proud to wear. TIE
Main Street at Filth
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
One more week and you will be leaving for your Christmas vacation. i Have us clean and press your suits, dresses and coats this coming week so they will be ready. You may take them to our West Lafayette office or if you desire, we will call for and deliver them. Phone 3085 AMERICAN LAUNDRYm
I' 1 > .
W 'Jf' #- §All'' H’
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. Deceitjber 11., 1^37
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigxaph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
LOST—Pair of brown dress trousers between 139 South Grant and 369 Vine Monday evening. ReAvard. Call Stoner 5065.
LOST—Blue, grey and white campus coat. Reward. Call Art Bodeau 3053.
SKATES—Hollow ground while you wait. MULHAUPT’S, 209-11 North 5th Street. Phone 2828.
FOR SALE — Tuxedo, Kuppenheimer. Reasonable. Call 3035, Kunkel.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWl
Notices Ko Notices Accepted After 8 p.B*.
Senior Mechanicals: Inspection trip repot ts must be made by December 16. FVtr particulars see bulletin board in Mechanical Enttinoerind Building:. —YOUNG. Military Juniors: See cadet officers’ bulletin board regarding the date for having your boot measurements taken. Please arrange to report on the scheduled date. —WHISTLER. Christian Science Organization: Because of convocation, regular meeting will be held in room B of the Union at 4 p. m. Decern ber 14. - -WINTER. Sophomore Track Managers: Those wishing to become Sophomore track managers, report to the floor of the Fieldhouse, at 4:16, Dec. 13. —MARKED.
University Orchestra: Sign up for the supper following the caroling December 14 in A. P. Stewart’s office in Eliza Fowler Hall. I —STEWART.
Glee Club: Sign up for the supper following the caroling December 14 in A. P. Stewart’s office in Eliza Fowler Hall. —S-TEWART.
University Choir: Sign up for the supper following the caroling December 14 in A. P. Stewart’s office in Eliza Fowler Hall. —STEWART. WSGA Interviews: Will the following girls please finish their interviews by next Friday: Lena Hibbs, Virginia Steele, Barbara Warren, Marguerite Gustafson, Carolyn Singer, Mary Lou Swaney, Alberta Densford. Margaret Sawyer, Marie Johnson. Mary Jane Kyle, Jane Stickler, Margaret Johnson, Maxine King. Nina DeWitt, Nan-
nie Ward, Ruth Wattleworth, Marilyn McElwce, Ellen Bassett. Check in the office for details as soon as possible. This is important. —JONES. WAA Ping Pong: These games must be played by noon December 18: Pfank vs. Chandler, Spry vs. Byers, Heeter vs. Horner, M. Campbell vs. Petticrew, Hugle vs. Schilling, Ritter vs. Merritt, Randolph vs. Sefton, Hollingsworth vs. Hoover, and Guthier vs. Weishaar. —BLANK.
Union Sophomores: My committee will meet in the workshop, December 13, at 4 o’clock. —GARLAND., Camera Club: Call for prints from exhibit in Union office, December 13, at 4 o’clock. —SAMUELSON. WAA Deck Tennis: ’The following games must be played December 14 at 4 p. m., Sefton and Davidson vs. Bouton and Townsend ; Mather and Wiley vs. Deleplane and Walker; Johnson and Harry vs. Merritt and Newman. JENKINS. Independent Students: Any independent student interested in assisting in the survey of men’s rooming houses report to PIA office any time December 11. —SCHLUNDT. Purdue Union of Jewish Youth: Meeting December 12 at 4 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of Memorial Union Building. Talks and discussion of Jewish literature during the Medieval times. —GEIST. Sportswomen: Meeting December 12 at 8 a. m. at the home of Ruth Wiley, 777 Russell street. —TUBBS. Exponent Co-eds: Meet in the Union Building office at 1 o’clock, December 11, Totten, Wattleworth, Ljmpus, Wickard, Davis and Ross. - McKEE.
Formprest pressing by Crown will make your suit more Comfortable
CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS Fresh frosted fruits, vegetables, frozen fish — are all found exclusively at ^ FRIEDMAN'S GROCERY Phones 3021-3022 814-816 Main Street We Cater to Fraternities and Sororities
t-ost Wagon Train ^Zane Grey Case of the Stuttering Bishop. Gardner Slim William Haines Ebb-Tide Robert L. Stevenson Scarab Murder Case ....S.S. Van Dine Trail Driver Za»e Grey The Road Back .Remarque The Rubber Band ,.Rex Stout The Perfect Specimen . Samuel Adams Suggestions for Mother fsit as tbe Moon Temple Bailey Private Doty Faith Baldwin Illyrian Spring. Amt Bridge The Golden Cord.. ..Warwick Deeping The Crystal Tree... Louise Platt Houck White Orchids Grace L, Hill Rjiigfat Without Armor. .James Hilton Ramona Helen Hunt Jackson Robin Hill Lida Larrimore It's a Great World Emilie Loring SteOi Dallas Olive Higgins Prouty Suggestions for Brother Penrod BoothTarkington We Charles A. Undhergh Bambi Felix Salten Tarzan and the Leopard Men Burroughs The Call of the Wild— .Jack London Little Orvie Tarkington The Prince and tbe Pauper Twain The Covered Wagon. .Emerson Hough Penrod and Sam... .Booth Tarkington The Virginian Owen Wister Suggestions tor Sister The Secret Garden. Frances H Burnett Silver Fountain Jane Abbott Daddy Long Legs Jean Webster Rebecca of Sunny brook Fotia.Wiggin Freckles Gene Stratton Porter Seventeen Booth Tarkington Emmy Lou George M. Martin Mother Carey’s Chickens. K D. Wiggin Poor Little Rich Girl. .Eleanor Gates Mother Kathleen Norris Hundreds of others to choose from “Always the Newest in Fiction and Non-Fiction” DECKER’S 618-20 Main Phone 6477 “Gifts of Distinction”
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East' Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
PRICED $100 LESS! Already over 350,000 families are enjoying the extra advantages of a real air-conditioned Coolerator. You can join them this Christmas. And tbe price is about $100 less than you’d expea to pay for sucb a modern, good looking refrigerator. But it’s wbat Coolerator
does for you that makes it the buy of the year.Try the model of your choice in your own home free for 10 days. See how it uses ice in a totally different way .. . how its patented air-conditioning chamber m^es foods taste better and last longer... how you get plenty of ice cubes in only 5 minutes. Call us today for your FREE trial.
FOR YOUR 10-DAY FREE TRIAL CALL
Lafayette Ice & Coal Co
4fh and Salem Sts.
Phone 5078
JImL b()UL £sl fbmuimbii/mL
OME things are qyickly forgotten; because they lose their charm as soon as their'newness is gone. You don't want to give that kind of Christmas gift, when for as little or as much as you're going to spend you can buy something intrinsically fine . . . charming . . . appealing. Something that will be forever dear, as long as the gift itself lasts. Such gifts are those you'll find here at Loeb's . . . for all the names on your gift list!
IfVlou} Suqi}Ji&L disdc!
Attractivefy packed Sets filled with Cosmetics by: Yardley, Lentheric, Frances Denney, Rubenstein, Wrisley, Houbigant, Coty, etc. Fine Imported Perfumes and Toilet Waters in gift attire. Week-End Cases filled with needed Toilet Necessities. All kinds of Manicure Sets. Beautiful Pyraiin Toilet Sets. Scarfs, Handbags, Umbrellas, Jewelry, delightfully styled Lingerie, Robes and Negligees. d(mL! Colorful Robes in flannels, rayons and fine silks. Stylish Pajamas in Broadcloth and Silk. Handsomely styled Silk Neckwear. Shirts by Van Heusen, Essley, Lenox. Schick, the Electric Razor. Toilet Necessities by Yardley, Lentheric, Houbigant, Coty, etc. Leather covered Gladstone Bags. Fishing and Golfing Equipment. A pair of Comfy House Slippers. Guns and Hunting Outfits.
Our Shopping Service is particularly geared to shopping for gentlemen. The department heads in our various gift sections have had you in mind when they made their selections months ago. They choose gift items from sources of national reputation . . . so that when you choose you are certain of merchandise of quality. All gifts are wrapped in attractive Christmas boxes and will be wrapped for mailing if you desire so. Gift . purchases are delivered free in the city and in Zone 1 and 2 of the U. S. Mail.
For 67 Years on the Square