Riveters
Senior Procession Personnel Notice
Alf University AAourns pQj. Qqi-j pgi'g(|0 Prof. Baldwin's Deaffi Forms Today, 12:45
Boilermaker
....The Personnel Service has again received an urgent request for technically trained m.en to fill positions
in the Federal service.
The Federal Civil Service Com-
a W*ll f' * reports that there is a seFuneral services for Prof. Howard Milton Baldwin, a mem- ^opno ores will Viount shortage of eligibies on the ber of the University English department since 1920, will be Engineers By Passports Junior'Engineer register. All engiheld Monday, September 29, 1:30 p.m., at the Central Presby- Parade will form at ^egiste^r with the Civil Ser^vice Comtenan Church with Rev. W. R. Graham officiating. Baldwin, 12;46 this afternoon on the double elusion in Washington, D. C. Appliwho died yesterday morning at 12:30 at the St. Elizabeth’s diagonal road past the Pharmacy cation forms are available at all Hospital of a heart ailment with which he was stricken Sun- building and Stewart Field, where Government Post Offices, or can be day, had been in a serious condition for several days; but his Crescent, sophomore hon- obtained from the Commission, on death came as a shock to his friendsas few of them knew of
his illness..
I. U. Graduate Prof. Baldwin was born fifty-one years ago at Las Animas, Colo, but spent most of his early life at Marion and graduated from high school there. In 1913 he gra,duated from Indiana University and received his mas-'
which engineering school will win in the play of events, the Governthe G. A. Young trophy. ment is rapidly becoming the larg-
Greer Will Play At Senior Cord Dance Tonight
Tonight the annual Senior-Cord Dance will be held from 9 to 12 in
Co;rd Quotes
served seats in the adjoining sec-
tet’s degree there a year later. After enlisting in the army in 1917, serving overseas and receiv-
ing an honorable discharge, he hub-bub of exciteipent be „ ___ joined the University staff iff 1920. ^ord parade today, tions. No vehicle of any nature, save Besides being a regular instruc- heads of the various schools of for the Boilermaker mascot, will be tor, Baldwin has been advisor to engineering competing for the G. allowed in the stadium,
students from other lands since young trophy find time to make 1923. In this work he has done forecasts on the outcome of the
much to promote cordial relations p^mde
Prof. C. F. Harding, head of electrical engineering school: We ex-
between these and American-born students and has maintained
The parade will enter the east est employer of technically trained both ballrooms of the Union. The
backdrop) will be in maroon and gold, carrying out the theme of cords. Two life size dummies, boy and girl seniors, will stand on either si^ of the stage with the word “cord,” done in hemp, suspended
over their heads. Greer To Play
Max Greer will lead his thirteenpiece orchestra which features three vocalists, Nancy Hull, Jim Houston, and Otto Ellis. Last year Greer took over the band fropi Warpy Waterfall and since that time
gate of the stadium and march men. Under present conditions, the around the track. All seniors will Civil Service offers excellent opporremain in formation until they tunities, especially for recent grad-
reach their section on the west side uates. of the field. They are requested to remain in their section only, since, many guests and visitors have re-
PROBABLE LINEUPS
PURDUE
VA^Ei^igi
Rush
LE
: wm
M
Rossi
LT
> PeeliiMt'
Miller (Co-C) ....
LG
J. Atkinsoil^^
t'
Leugo
C
J;
Melton (Co-C) ..
RG A...
PmiM
Timperman
RT
Combs
RE
0m
Kersey
QB
Galvin
LH
RebrSvfbh
Berto
RH
Petty
F
RohliBj^
tensive contacts with those who gf ^j^g have graduated and returned to ing are true, the EE school will win.
Fight For Young Trophy
The Ydung trophy, a silver plaque awai-ded since 1935, has been surrendered ' by the Chem and Met School and is now in the hands of Student Senate officials. The Senate will make the award which will be
Freshmen Petitions Due Today At 6 p. m. For AWS Positions
Exponent.
The right hand lane consisting of
Petitions of freshman coed representatives in A.W.S. are due by 6
p.m. today. They must be turned in been developing a style which to Agnes McCulloch at W.R.H. he claims will make his band the Wood or at the west desk in the niost unique in the middle west.
Union. The form used is as follows: Seniors will be admitted free if
We are willing to win by even a nar- Saturday morning in the We the undersigned do hereby nom- they have both cords and passports
iriate for the position —mustaches are not necessary. For of freshman representative on others, the regular fee of/one dol-
the Reamer mascot. Gold Peppers, A.W.S. Executive Board for, the couple will prevail, d.p.
home ec., science, chemical engi- year 1941-42. This petition must be neers, pietallurgical engineers, and signed by 25 freshman coeds. Six
civil engineers will go first. Follow- have been turned in so far.
ing them, in-the left hand lane, will The elections will take place at btf the electrical engineers, public the home economics building on service engineers, mechanical engi- Wednesday from 10 a.m. until 5 neers, pharmacists, agriculture and p.m. All the \ freshman coeds are forestry\ seniors, and all others, urged to vote. Passports are neces-
r.w.b. \ sary for voting.
their native land.
Civic Le(ifder
He was active in community
projects, a former member of the Lafayette Rotary Club and 'Veterans of Foreign Wars and a member of the Masonic Lodge and the
Central Presbyterian ChJrch. In 1921 he was married to Miss
Margaret Mock of Gas City, who survives one of the University’s
most*respected instructors.
Union Show Dancing Tryouts Will Continue
After the first three days of try-
outs there are still many vacancies in the line of the dancing chorus for the first Union Show to bo given
on Dad’s Day, November 8. Marjorie Hans, dancing director,
urges that all persons interested initiation of Ruth Allen, Kalamazoo,
in the dancing chorus report for Mich.; Alice Callender, Wilmette, with one of the largest- organizatryouts which are being held in the 111.; Marianna Duke, Kokomo; Hel- tions in its history. Fast moving, North Ballroom of the Union and en Hoskinson, Dayton, 0.; Laverne complicated maneuvers and military will continue to be held there every Muir, Elkhart; and Jacqueline marching will be the order of the afternoon at 4 until all the positions Wells, Indianapolis, Tuesday, Sep- day as 170 enthusiastic musicians are filled. , tember 23. ^ strive to uphold the records set by
Most of the character casting has After the initiation a reception former bands,
been completed, but anyone who is was held for Patty Berg, woman After a spectacular entry, the
row margin
Prof. R. B. Wiley, head of civil engineering school: I don’t think we will win. I can say that if the Civils were let alone we could win the trophy, although I am not so sure now that we are combined with the public service engineers. Prof. H. L. Solberfi, head of mechanical engineering school: Oh gosh! No statement . . . The Mechanicals will win of course. Assuming the judging will be on an honest basis, tl^e ME school will win stand-
ing up.
Prof. C. L. Lovell, assistant head of chemical and metallurgical engineering school: Either the Chems or the Mets will win as both will have 100 per cent attendance. As the football season gets under-.
l\l\Q way this afternoon in Ross-Ade . .. social sorority, announces the stadium, the University’s All-Amer-
ican band will take to the gridiron
Military Band Will Display New Maneuvers At Game Today
middle of the field, the musicians will execute a left face and divide themselves into two equal parts each of which will march down the field in opposite directions. The result of this manuever is six block bands evenly spaced over the grid-
At the crack of a pistol, the six bands will form a series of V’s in
3,000 Students Jam First Pep Session; Hear Elliott, f^ackey
By Ken Roquemore
Over 3,000 students followed the band from the Union down Grant and Northwestern to Stuart field last night. A large bonfire built by the Skull and Crescent marked the spot where the first session
of the year was held.
Dick DeGarmo, head yell leader, started the ball rolling by leading the crowd in a few yells. After the rusty throats of the old stuWhen Prexy, more than a halfhour missing from last night’s pep session, finally arrived, a' student whose heart was probably in the right place hollered “Where the h have you
been?”
By Phil Johnson, Exponent Sports Editor A potentially great Boilermaker football squad will offiici^rly blow the lid off of the 1941 season today as they face ioT the first time an invading Vanderbilt University aggregation which is rated as one of the strongest in the history of that famous institution in one of tfie iujj tion’s leading intersectfonaL conflicts at 2 this afternoon in Ros^''
Ade Stadium.
Mid-Season Rivalry ' ' Both teams are in better opening game condition due io fact that the conflict is predic^id to be of mid-season intensity/ a great deal of the season’ssuccess for both teams, restulg::^/ the outcome of this initial test./ Although a few losses in the and several more in the due to the draft or failure ^ turn to school have sofiie^ha| plicated the choice of the maker starting lineup,- a group veteran seniors, all of -wfaoftf major lettermen with plenty of.tt* perience, will take the field ernoon for. the startfiig gun. .,.4Promising Sophomores ^ . "-■i. Excellent showings ' o£' promising sophomores in early. seS^’ son practice indicate that sevei^. new faces to Boilermaker fan$ see considerable action in todaj^s"
Mai Rlward
This Year's Exponent Gets Collegiate Digest Delivery Rights Again
By Dale E. Butz
“Wher^e is that broken rotogravure section that used to be delivered with the Sunday Exponent?” Well, the question is all settled now as the delivery rights have been secured and deliveries of the Collegiate Digest will start with
Deen COmpicltJU, UUt miyuiltJ WIIU weto iJir.^iu aui x vYv/xxxfcxix XXJ.UVX x-L • ‘x* foam Af tTiP ’ interested in one of the few remain- golfer, who visited the campus for band will step off down the field honor oi tne visiting team, r t e <jents and the untutored tongues of tomorrow’s paper, ing parts should call Willis Wells, a demonstration and exhibition to the cadence of Fillmore’s “Man ® the new freshmen became used to Students’ Magazine
Tuesday.
director of the show.
of the Hour.” Upon reaching the
Pearson, Allen Boast Background Of Globe Trotting Despite Youth
out Purdue and strike up “For the Honor of Old Purdue.” From here (they march to the sidelines, do a left face and parade to the south end of the field playing “Man of the, Hour.” Assembling at the south goal post in one formation, the band
will march
and form' the traditional big “P” while playing the chorus of “Hail
the cheers, Stuart field rocked with the roaring of an inspired mob of students. „
Where’s Elliptt?
Although the attention of -the
The Collegiate Digest is a magazine put out primarily for college students. Although the contents are mostly, pictures, they prove very interesting because they represent a
crowd was kept occupied by the composite sample of interesting jale, and Bill Buffington, who sti^-
eai downthe Teld cheers and son^s of DeGarmo and scenes from universities all over the fered\ a back injury last week-ij»
the cheers of a pretty coed cheer country. ^ shelve him for the season, W|Br»!j^' leader, they soop began to notice Issues Vary ^ looked upon as very able anm®' the absence . of . President Elliott. One issue may feature college for the veteran John
The following r^io
will broadcast the - Vandei^ilt^,';
game this afternoon:
fayette; WOWO, Ft. WISH, Indianapolis; WBOW.W Terre Haute, and WSM,' f ville. . fracas. This list of varsity ho^^dfa will include Barry French at tackle, Ken Smock, Francis Meakim, and Bob Chester at the halfback slots, John Andretich at full, and Bob Hajzyk at quarter. Failure of veterans to reto most seriously affected back post, which last sprlfigt^
the most capably
tions. Hal Shumacher,
By ,Bob Boswinkle
Tomorrow morning Exponent readers will become exposed to Drew Pearson’s and ” Robert S. Allen’s lively interpretation of
readers turn to it for inside stories! Their writings are authoritative, informatiye and most of all, alive with a sensitive perception of the
Washington...eyeQts,.this paper hav- changed and constantly changing
ing the e:;tclusive privilege over all Washington scene.
V-l Globe Trotter Drew Pearson, imbued with the high ideals of Swarthmore College, accepted a job upon graduation with the American Red Cross, and after two years, started encircling the globe on a merry-go-round of his
own.
Before starting, however, he returned to the states and netted $700 after a year’s teaching. Thence'"tO' Vladivostok where he traded a girl 'in the passport office a bar of candy for a passport. His travels brought him to Japan and along the China Coast, and eventually to a lecture tour of Australia. Sailing for London, he kept up his correspondence with newspapers in numerous A,ustralian cities, continuing to do so for ten years. He returned to the United States $34 richer than he
left. , Visited Gandhi
Having visited Mahatma Gandhi,
Secretary of State
18 when he joined the expedition into Mexico to catch Villa in 1916. After serving in World War I and studying in Munich, he became a roving Christian Science Monitor " reporter,” talung’'Tiim'through Cen-
flrmaUon thev^tSe tSi^se'Ss Ind Several cries of “Where’s Prexy” men’.s styles another coed fashions der to fill th^'gap. at this position lormation tney taxe rneir beaus anu . Prexy” were raised, and still an.other the beauty queens. Coach Mal Elward has shifted are rea y or e ic . DeGarmo quieted the yelling to° The first issue wifi come out to- quarterback Rocky Snyder, A
bring “Red”“ Mackey to the front, morrow apd following "issues'will silon, Ohio, prhdnct,. and Jtffin Red was pheered loud and long. He make - their .'appearapee every Sun- drqtich, a star sophomore warned of the dangers of Vande^- day thereafter. So be on deck, read'"•from Chicago,, to this new. po^ - • hilt in '“true-to-style” pessimisrf, the Collegiate Digest and see what A lot will depend on-the (Continued, on page 3) students are doing at other schools. (Continued on page 3)
Chem Year's
Society Plans First Meeting
T.’lv. CV.'V^ I'i.•*.
Drew Pearson
Annual smoker of the American Institute of Chemical Engin^rs will be held at 7:30 p.m. on Tuesday, September 30, in the Unioh. Cigars and cigarettes will be sei-ved to all who attend the meeting,. Admission
will be free to all.
The event will be the first meeting of the year and is..intended as an opportuiiity for sophomore and jun-' ior chemical engineers to become acquainted with faculty members and older students of thp chemical
engineering school.
Meet Your Campus Activities yt ' ,'*f Skull AncI CrescentSponsors Cotillk^
Editvr’s Note: This js,another in a series of features explaining the worl; done by campus activities and honoraries. Others
will appear in future.issues. ^
niqr
By Bill Hoskips
H. F. Owen
other papers in this area to carry the column. Those who haven’t followed their column before will' be
taken by surprise when they find accompanied
counting, the initial aims of Pledges are chosen (for ontsiipi^the* club are to promote better re- ing work in some campus lations between freshmen and/ up- The onjy prerequisite for
c., perelasswen - by sponsoring the ship is'to have at least s S-WmiSt, i G™en ttottet'5d«tlon,andtopre- Party,N.itFrld^^ ™
■*? serve and promote University tra-- At two meetings Iki, Vmr
... associate protessL in ' ' - and Crescent timber, Jlggai oral engineerini. will address the thf' “gord-^ters" will carry on ,Plans (Mj T ■ 1 ..' n’ Last spring one freshman was more varied scope of activities
Robert S. Allen Bluffton Kiwams club next Thprs- ° chosen from each of the thirty^six the eomiPg^y«iar, first 'of 4' \ clay evening on the subject of de- semols ot the ’rarious schools in f paternities as a pledge to. Skull to be a party for all/membe^ liMtt tral Europe and Italy,,Ho returned fense traming, it was announced the parade, an^.h,elp to aw^rd the Crescent.'' Announcement of friday.- ■ . V- , .
pledges was made'at the Sophomore
to become a' close friend of old Sena- today by C. W. Beese, head of 'the coveted G. A. Young trophy, tor LaFollette. University’s defense training pro- Activities Vary
Allen’s predictions of political gram
Next spririg Jhe formal
Cotillion, after which they were re- mqre CotiHioh^wjU clinmx; thq ’
Although slightly overshadowed quirfed' to walk around the campus activities, a.nd new
that Washington news can be tre- Kellogg on his^ trips to Paris an^, events have had the unique char- " More' than thirty men have pn- by the glory and publicity of Rea- ^ carrying a twelve-inch ham-lione, anttduneed. Preseni memihigtf mendottsly exciting. , Dublin, and traveled to Hjjvana with acteristic of bearing out. His books rollpd ii| extension defense tridning mer and .Gimlet ejubs, Skull and to'greet students with, cheery hel- quite a mark/to sjhoot at wlu^.l These men whose keen appraisal President Coolidge, he is recognized in collaboration with Drew Pear- , courses conducted at Bluffton by the Crescent rlsually manages to keep lo’s ^ery'martiin,g on Hellh.Walk, try to\ equ^F»the smashing .sdC
of values,
.their bit of
.i" i. ■?. I " 1,..; ■i. V ! 1. ;■
political and social, pack as a leading expert-'and writer on son are studied by political science University. These courses are Open its "hand in quite a fpw Campus ac- and to perform other ai’duouS and of last of space with exclusive, foreign affairs. f professors and are equally enlight- to high school -graduates or men tivities.‘Besides ^he senior, day ac- unpleasant duities- as all pUdges highlighted with wmaii* by
important information which makes Rod-hendod, Bob Allen was but ening to the laymen.
and women employed in industi-y. tiVities of bonfire building xa'nd se- must.
gen’s hand, W,g,h,
\ ', I I ih/’ ,■ ‘V.
Viiiiitfii^^rHyiHiiri
By Associate Collegiate Pf«s& .->«'-^>l'he;€a«se o£ the draft-eligihle college stu- ' • 4eftt ia the subject of a public announcement l^^siMl^'ihe'^sidents of Macalester and St. Thdm|(s.. V aSi^Jolieges, and Hamline-University, all in St. fve^-u'‘ ^S*‘i^^’'':f^y[dfessipgv the genei’al public and local boards> Dr. Charles J. Turck of Macr ^^ aiester, the Rev. James Moynjhan'of St. “SSife;®ioiaas, and Dr. Charles Nelson Pace of Ham.Jihe a'sk.that collg^ge students be given every ^,;,t‘QQnsiderationi by selective service boards. Their joint statement follows in part:. “The national committee of education and M ,; . ^efpnse secured from j;he, national headquar-, g ^ "teESjOf ihe: s service system an ainaend- ^ full effect of law, providing for the postponement of induction for any person for whom in the judgment of the local board' immediate induction would create an nnusual individual hardship. ' “While this amendment is stated in gen-r eral terms, if provides the basis for preventing the interruption of a student’s education during a semester or. college year. _ “It has been officially interpreted to include as a cause of such hardship . . . ‘to complete a course of training or instruction’. “Ppsident Roosevelt recently said: ‘America will always need men and women with college training. Government and industry alike need skilled technicians today . , . ! “We hope selective service boards will be willing to grant students the opportunity of completing the semester’s work or the year’s work on which they have embarked. “These students are not claiming exemption from selective service but merely a postponement of a few months. . ,; “In calling this matter to the attention, pf the public and local boardh we believe we are acting for the best interests of the country’
fk^!aiua^$xfmmUL
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay» ctte, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the-speoiai' rate'of' postage-provided* for-in' seotnonVllOBv act of Octoher 3, IQK, authorised January 20, 1922. Puhliahed dail.y except Monday during the regular academic year ap'd, weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3;50' per year; mail’ Bubscriptions, $’4'.00t
Editor-imChicf.. NetVs Editor BuCtness Manager...
..Ned A. Ochiltree ....Jbhn h, Traugott; Don S. Powers
Pliblication. Staff
Managing Editor.. .t... ;.....Lelnnd W. Rnffner Associate Editors •. J. P. Amos, J. lii Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, H. L. nadley, P. I. dopes, E. G. Kieper. Business Staff tbcal Advertising Managers:K. K. Gjemre, R. E., Saxtpn Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. Jj. Millard; ‘ ' ‘ 'Go>‘-ed Staff' Editor ..; Ruth Hose Associate Editors : Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatheld, Jane Eamsdell. Sports Staff Editor............ Phil E. Johnson ACsb'ciate Editors': O'. T. Clarlti JtD. Fraser, J. S, Keeler.
Phones: Editorial’and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792; Editorial' After 1 O’ P’. M.; 5'37'7’ Represented for national advertising hy National Advertising Service, Inc., Collfegd Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. . , Staff. For This,Issue .. , Night Editor; Brophy ' ' DUy Editor: Ramsdeil Issue Editor: Hunter N4gdit Sports Editor: Clark Reporters: Ochiftree, Boswinkle, Roquemore, Hoskins, Butz, Klosson, Smith, Brown, Pranter, Beall, Chatfleld, Pioltering, Wickard. Sports Reporters: Miller, Cassady, Barnes, Dawson, DeMars, Shryer.
and in pursuance of a, request addressed to us by Dk Francis J. Brown of the sub-com-mittee on military affmEs of the national committee on education and defense.” . The joint statement elicited a prompt “no” answer from Brig. Gen J. E. Nelson, Minnesota selective service director, who said that blanket deferment of college students is not possible under the selective service law. “Deferments cam be granted only for students in those fields in which there is a recognized shortage, sucb as medicine. , “However, individual draft boards, will give every consideration for a stay of induction to permit individual students to complete a quarter or a semester of school work.”
Good, morning, fellow- studes ( ?). Take your thumij'out;; ofiyomi cup andAettlie dbWn’for Some dizzyidishihg out of dirt. It seems a, shame to spoil the’day with such'stuff as' tlirt',* but after all we have to absorb a peck of it before we die. ('Scientific fact.) Sig Ep footballer Big Jawn Petty has taken up two new interesting hobbies of Idte-r-bi’inging, the .house, dog “Mac'" into class with, him, for one, and, keeping company with the elder of the Ostrander queen clan,, Jane, for the other. Hobbies are very interesting, aren’t they, John? Especially the “other.” ■While on the subject of hobbies this may come under that elassifieation : seems as though the Pi Phi’s have been- having some, rare evenings' lately with Theta Ghi(s '“B.Obtnose II’ Klein; Frenchy Leineweber; Shirl Murphy and Sig, Eps Bob Adams and Butch Recktenwald: slugging gobs of (get this); butter--scotch sundaes over there!' Bow about the gals’ Waistlines, fellas ? Or are they going to live up to their name of the “ptinehy, pudgy- Pi Phi’s?” There are several very eligible cOeds back in circulation again, nowadays due to one thing or another. Theta, Peg Davis when last seen at the Blazer was- no longer wearing Ed Ford’s Belt pin. Alpha Chi’s
Baba! iHywani>mi#.j|lbisfe5GrBfen Are nbW’ je'W'elryifes^'^iso’rp -Thenfitherp' are the incomparablb Cole Stef era of the Pi Phi’s without men for the time being. Get on the ball, boys. They won’t last long. On* the- other-aide- of' tha ledger we liave a pinning taking one of opr fair, girls out of th?„ picture-^for a. while,, at least. Yep, How Burkholder and Sylvia Pittman have finr ally gotten! together. Keep it going, folks.! Things have been Unusually calm over at the Kappa hdiise these days —^no queens, no pins, no nothing. Start moving, gals. Ye olde campus doesn’t seem the sam® without, a„ Kappa in the, headlines. (Ed, note: They had the May queen last Spring.)* * i , , V; r ” i’ Word comes to us- how:'that the Beta 'CJnion Show is underway. .With screwball Bob Stanbaugh of the afotementioned house to head 'the cast this year, it should be o.lt. . Well, people, noW you can read the. other five pages of Ye Expo like good little subscribers! and hurry off to your eight o’clocks. I shall leave with the happy thought that I am leaving, you. Don’t forget ■your contribs.
Dpily Hecatlf
Hvalth’Service’ahhourtced'yestteriday that the following University students, have been.,aent tp/hospatala, in the city: P. H. Beam, ’42 Ag, entered St; Elizabeth for medical treatment^ • R. G. O'Brjen, ’46 Eng, entered the Home hoapital'for surgvieal iti’eatmeht, and DanieL SliabaUgh, ’46 ■ Eng, entered' thepBpme hospital for medical treatment. . The following were discharged from- hospitals: Martha Doherty, ’4a Sci, from St. Elizabeth; H. C. Hites, ’44 Ag, from Home hospital; and Gloria Payne, ’44 HE, from* St. Elizabeth.
Dittihtftia , 1— --'wi»itxi 27.,'Wl; W^W*2S;-' . 2— WftW 3— Ward 28 vs. Ward';2i. 4— Ward:^2 vs. 1Vbrd'8S; 5— WarJ 28 vs. Ward 10. 6— -—Ward' 8 vs. Ward, :* WJ*. ■r-Ward 12 vs. Ward lilC: '.i-l,;! 9*1---®! Kappa Alpha vs. lOt-hblta Chi vki BetaiSi^, . ^ _ ir^cary HWl U vs.,/ea‘r5!'.*kalUli8;., llfc-CakY Hhll 2!VS; Gary-’JlalE life, I8l--caiy Hall 8V:fc;Gir^(i|a»f ft 14i-Gai'j!iHhU 4‘Vsj:CiS#HaUV ft; ICrr-Caiy-lfaii 8V4ii.,GBry/Hallfm; 18— Acacia vs. AlhHa Gaiiima Rho; 17^Cary Mall 6 Vs. Cary Hall 11. ', ; ,18—Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 12. , , 19— ^-Dalta' UpsHoni vs; Dambda-Cht Alpha. , 20— Theta Tau vs. .glgiria Phi Epsilon. V’.'i 'V;, 21— ;phi:Delta*THetavs. Pnt.Gahima*Delta.?.. -423— Bet«,Theta.*)Pi;Vs. Pi r “ ■ 24— Th
As late as 1919 in a mrdWest ,college now out of existence; women students were not allowed to- play croquet “because it made them take immodest
"I"'!"I
Before-—or after the gdme tonite!
Supcirclelidous, you'll .say!’ TOJ^S ' RESli'AUR^T; ■ -tTniVeraity SitEeat ■ ' " - ' Across from the Armory — You Can’t Miss It r ^
Viri§inia C. Meredith
■Virginia C .Meredith Club invites all home*economics students to its first meeting next Monday, September 29|, at .4* in the auditorium of the home economics building., Organization of the club will he explained at the meeting. Committee chairmen will be introduced, and members will be encouraged to sign up With one of the various committees. Several Speakers liean Matthews pf the Home Economics school will speak, as will Dr. Virgina White, faculty sponsor of the club, and Margaret Beeman, faculty sponsor of State college women’s home economics clubs. Agnes MdCuIloch, president of the State club, will also speak. Jane Blank, local president, will preside and,Betty Brown, vice president, Mabel 'Vaughn, secretary, and Sally Beall, treasurer, will be infroduce(i. - Tea Will be served afterwards, ac-
companied by music: provided by Jean Miller, harpist, and Joann Beflf.er, pianist, R,U;th Ralston will This: meeting: opens the current membership, drive) which will connuajly,,. ■ Hobby of John .G, Tatum, French instructor at Los ; Ang,eles City College, is ceramics, the art of modeling-vessels and figures in clay.11
i HI
'J I A i '
;
l- H
SaihitHtty, SdpiemHer 27,1941
Niaht Enaineering ^niyersHy Muskai 3,000 Studenfs
Tedinkal Courses g™«(“ Of»" S”*'
SalieAfmhk SpofiiA.
«f4
(Continued from page 1)
To Begin Next Week Night classes in engineering here •will begin next /-week, according to V. R. Daugherty, district representative of the University’s defense
i;raining proglram.
The University is offering courses
Season Tomorrpw The Purdue Musical Organiza-
but the mob cheered every mention of the Boilermakers. Wh^d he said that the team would “kick hejl (sic) out of Vanderbilt,” the sta-
tions, University Choir, Concert dents exploded with cries and
Choir, Glee Club, and Orchestra, cheers,
will open their social season tomor- Coeds Back Riveters
low* afternoon with the annual pic- Dick then brought Mary Ellen nic, which will be held at Battle- Scarff, president of Gold Peppers, ground. to give the coed viewpoint of the
All members should meet at the opening grid tilt of the season. She
Music Hall at 3 p.m., and transpor- said that the girls “also wanted the
in engineering, spience and man- -tation to Battleground will be fur- team to knock hell (sic) out of agement in cooperation with the wished. Volley ball, baseball, cro- Purdue.” A volley of boos told her government. The purpose of the tennis, walking and sitting that she had said the wrong thing, program is to remedy the short- jjj included in the so she returned to substitute “Vanage of trained men in defensp in- program for the day. derbilt” for “Phrdue.” dustries. ipjig committees are as follows: Phil Johnson, president of the The courses may be taken free Recreation, Sigurd Peterson, Jim Gimlet club and Exponent Sports of charge by high school graduates, Chase, and Alberta Schmadel; Re- Editor spoke a few words of enmen and women employed in de- ception, Molly Harding, Marjorie couragement. He said that this fense industries or persons intend- Williamson, and Dick Buffington; year’s team is the ideal team for a
i ^
The Sports Gestapo
by Phil Johnson
Riveters Meet (Continued from page 1) .
of Alex Leugo, veteran center, to protect a recurring knee injury as to the way the loss of “iron inan” Ted Axton at the pivot post is filled. Sturdy Prank Ruggieri and sophomores Bob Johnson are slated to spell the task of the number one
Meet Team Presenting^**
By Joe I^wsoit
• Who Knows What To Expect? ,, This game this afternoon should be one of the most interesting open-
ing games ever witnessed in Ross-Ade Stadium. The Commodores are center in today’s battle, true exponents of the typical southern style of wide open attack, with Co-Captains Jim Miller and Tom anything liable to happen ^t any time. Melton, one of the country’s most They have been toilipg daily since the first day of September to reach famous guard combinations, will be a perfection of play efficient enough to upset a major JBig Ten club. A at the helm of the Boilermaker atloyal band of supporters have even chartered a special train, ‘<The Van- tack during the game. Both Miller derbilt Special,” to be on hand to give the team a hand. In addion, every and Melton were of outstanding time a southern teapi crosses the Mason-Dixon Line they get up so much ability last season, and should rChch spirit they’re rea^y to fight the Civil War over again. further heights in guard e^iency • Here We Go Overboard in this, their last season of c^peIt looks like every one who even dibbles in wilting sports simply MUST tition. j make predictions. Gives the readers a chance to feel haughty so many Emphasis on Speed times when they’re right and the poor columnist is wrong. So who are while the focus of the Boiler-
we to be different? But we’re going to be conservative about this Whole thing—not picking on the whole national schedule—but just dabbhng
ing to work in the defense program. Transportation, Ray Friend; Or-, successful season and emphasized the Big Ten games with a few other Midwestern tilts and famous Conference, the outstandUniversity students will not be ad- chestra, Gene Kinelski. the lack of “animosities among the intersectional battles thrown in. ^ Commodore ofmitted to the courses. players.” • Sure We Pick The ‘ BoilcrmakerS fense is expected to be aerial tacMore than 126 have registered so University for the courses. How- Elliott Speaks « A week ago we would have been gl^d to settle tomorrow’s prediction tics. According to Head Coach Red far for the classes. If the demand ever, a certificate will be awarded Finally President Elliott ap- on the PU-VU game with a single point. However, this past week has Sanders, who is leading his own is sufficient, courses will be offered to those who successfully complete peared. To the tune of many inter- made a great difference in the play and mental attitude of the squad, alma mater’s team for the second in engineering drawing, production the course. Persons interested may rupting yells, Prexy said that the Even if it is a hot day, the Boilermakers will have a decided advantage year, the Vanderbilt squad boasts supervision, engineering fundamen- obtain applications from V. R. Boilermakers, now engaged in work in reserve material. Not debating the strength of the Commodore eleven, the best passing department they tals, metallurgy, industrial safety Daugherty at the Service and Stores for defense, would show that they but because we think that the 1941 Boilermaker squad is of champion- have ever had. and time and motion study. building. Classes will meet two also excelled in offense. ship or near championship calibre, we give them 12 points. The score ? Coach Sanders plans to make full
Elliott said that though he had 19-7. use of the Southern type of wide discovered in the past few days ^ Just FeW OthefS open play. It is the hope of the LrJ? Senior plus seven fresh- Indiana, even with Hillenbrand on the injured list, is at least two touch- Commodore chieftain to break down
downs better than Detroit. 14-0. Ohio State, with Paul Brown’s debut at the highly rated Boilermaker de- ‘ ^ , stu^nts Missouri by 21-7. Michigan is still in the question mark fense via the overhead route, would use the formula: one Boil- Twr{nT,;«.ov, ci-o+o Vanderbilt’s Sonhomores
No credit will be given by the nights a week. k.r.
tailored fall
SUITS
There’s an air of distinction, style, and quality about our tailor made suits. sparredalil tailor
Phone 6030
Hotel Fowler
ermaker plus one football plus one goalline equals an explosion and the “Death Dance of the Derbies.” As a closing thought, he told the
stage but should beat the Boilermakers’ future rival, Michigan State, Vanderbilt’s Sophomores by a slight margin, 16-14. Although several outstanding Iowa is set for a rather good start over a much weaker Drake team, veterans of past seasons are on the and should win by several points. We’ll say 28-0. Notre Dame, like Ohio Vanderbilt roster, the main hope State with a new mentor, opens with Arizona in what is really meant °f southerners will be in a
ow o e an u a , a one in ^ “breather.” With about four teams playing for the Irish it might sophomore group which have been the world of today, American youth 38-6, Notre Dame. rated as the best second year group Sail k r • Plenty Of Gold And Plenty Of Black of any school m the Southeastern
Don t be amazed if you see a great deal of gold and black at the game ^^yes are a member. Last year this
group as a freshman team con-
LEARN THE LATEST BALLROOM STEPS 1. Slow Fox Trot 2. Four Basic Steps 3. The Rumba 4. The Conga 5. The New Yorker Waltz Mrs. Duncan Dancing Academy 63114 Main St. Phone 2973
this afternoon. It just so happens that Vanderbilt also boasts these two
colors as their own.
Dr. Allan A.' Smith Prof, D, Ewing . . .of the division of education ... of the school of Electrical enand applied psychology will address gineering has been appointed by the members of the La Porte County National President of the American Farm Bureau association on the Institute of Electrical Engineers to subject “Opportunities for Social serve on three important commitService” tomorrow afternoon at 2, tees: Power Transmission and Disat Coolspring Township consoli- tribution. Land Transportation, and dated school. This meeting has been Electric Welding, arranged by the Rural Life Program Committee.
COME ON S^WvdwL Beat OamisihbUL
(jPilIL (^kmA. yojJL dit ihsL THE DERBY HOTEL
2 for 1 See the Exponent Tomorrow
THE FOSTER SHOP EAST SIDE SQUARE VICTOR RECORDS!
quered a strong Tennessee yearling squad, 19-0. Heading a big fast line will be Captain Joe Atkinson at left guard, and Bob Gude, a veteran 200 pound center. The Commodores have a newcomer at the left end post who, although never having seen varsity action, is already called the best pass-catcher in Vanderbilt gridiron
history.
A pair of sophomores, along with another near regular, have crowded veterans to the reserve status for the opening assignments. One hundred ninety pound J. P. Moore has ably taken over the wingback position, with fellow second year man Bernie Rohling drawing the starting fullback call.
A GOOD CATCH! That’s what you’ll be if you buy all your jewelry at BUR-PAT’S BEAT VANDERBILT!
G. E. MAZDA LAMPS HOT POIKT APPLIANCES BRELSFORD'S ELECTRiq SHOP 213 State St. ’ Dial 5952
Southworth’s
YEA RIVETERS FIGHT!! GOOD LUCK TEAM for the New Season
PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
525 Alabama Street
“After You, We Come First”
Phone 4048
“Were gonna close that hole in our linedig in fellas!”
We’re going to close this hole this afternoon too—everybody’s going to the game. GET OUT THERE AND CHEER!
PURBIIE BOOK S SBPPll STORE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE, END.
Tipping the scales at a mere 225 pounds, burly, brawny, broad-shoul-dered Italo Rossi, veteran^left tackle on this year’s Riveter eleveii, is the largest and one of the most dependable performers on the squad. With “Eet” and “Pete” (Timperman) at both tackle positions, opposing ends are going to have some mighty busy afternoons dfiring the approaching season. Rossi learned most of his football at Spaulding High School of , Peoria, Illinois and Pekin High School under five different coaches. During each of big “Eet’s” four yfears there he won monograms in football in addition to one award in track at the end of his senior
year.
Italo’s tremendous size proved to be a handicap while sfiU at high school when he had hopes of being on the wrestling team. At that time he weighed a puny 211, but the limit for the grapplers was 185 pounds. “If we get tough and efiBcient blocking this year we will have^ good season” was Rossi’s opinion as to the probable success of the Riveter squad during the coming campaign. Cooking Italian dishes is “Eet’a” very extra special hobby. His friends say that he can whip up^ some riiighty tasty meals with those brawny hands of his. Italo also shoots a rather consistent game of
golf.
Rossi is a member of Delta Chi social fraternity where he holds down the position of pledge ^a^ter (pity those poor rhinies.) His favorite band is Artie Shaw and his choice of songs is Shaw’s theme “Nightmare.” FRESHMEN: Candidates for the freshmen tennis squad will meet Monday evening at 7:30 pjttl in Room 105 of the Fieldhouse. —LaBree
Southtmrih^ajv ^ ^ ^ ^s 1 i ^ I" t Ti ^ \
I w
>'& aDHE! EXJPOWE W t
IMI
Vt’’^ * ■aes<m~f^ i - /^ Kii^, ' ■ ' ' ' ■■ ■- ’'I-
:, v<,.ife Sws.;iy rH . '$'•
■<v!&}' ' '■ ■■■',■■ . i--- ': SV5'i:::■' ' '^
■' ■''; ,v/
S>«!'S s \ ^ ^ ^t.h > ^■g.. k-t4 '" ’■
PURDUE EXPONENT
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Alien The nation^s foremost column of repdrt and comment upon the nationh affairs.
}|l^
JjO
^;-
ifi
fi
w, ' fev:: “ Mvti ■ '% ; wif 4'i: '
.' 't'V.v
:'^?V
Any ^ of Exponent Salesmen on tbe Campus
.4»w,v
★ National Affairs
>us
★ Student Alewpoint * 'All Campus"'NMices ‘: : : ★ Varied •Fe^iires' ■ Ar e All Fonnii In YOUR CAMPrS DAILYill
\ :«#!'-.i‘«-'S3:' r IV'
>a»Miiiiifcifltiiti4i!iiii'*lNiiH
PtJBDtIE EXPONENT
>■ ”j ' If'1'V
MiiM
itiwijii»i!iiinyfi|>^"i"'«’.'
iTotices
' !i^(’^S«itlttrs: Cord parade forms on the i'twpi liaise .d’rive betvi^een tha Pharmacy and ■GhlliSiieariEnginecriiiB buildings at 12:45 ■'Satdrdajl’. i. September 27. Engineers brirtg :Da»po«8 td be couiited for? Young trophy.
'' —DIBOS.
! ^|iip6'fiant'i!Sophomores: New men are asaiiiSd fe ^ifehte as follows—Eckstein, Mon^^/"JWedfttsday: Kimbrell, Monday, Wedn^day'.;’, Sfevell, Monday, Friday; Starr, Mb^nyiv Thursday; Wells, Monday, W^neem^'Glaspie, Monday, Friday; Sunihi^lia,' Ti^saby, Thursday; Kumlander, Tuesdhw Tbiit^'day; AHemang, Tuesday, Sat-
'lirday}'^Glass, Wednesday, Saturday.
. —RUFFNEB
' ^xpo^e^'Sophomore Coeds': Work sched-UlbriiS-ijlfested in office. Please check and r^|^rt:?^h days assigned. —ROSE; .:'lif'ea|i^in>v Engineers: Seating assignments;;Tdr'engineering lectures to be held iii'trpd.wjei; "Nall are posted near the front eVffttbndf ‘ iati'the ground floor in Michael ,Cje%nfsi}fli?s. —W. A. JCNAFP
'tjf Everything for a / f\Co]Uege Education
DEAC’S
' Modern Dance Club; Prstcticc, Monday, Wednesday,' and ^ Friday 411 4 p.m. ” ahd Thursday at 7 p.m. fevery weiw. '-^SERBAN WAA: Tennis practices, every Tuesday and Friday, Tournament sch'etiuled in' the next two weeks. Three braiotices needed to participate. ' —STPQERWALD Registration Workers: Sbudents who worked for Military Dept, dSuring registration may obtain pay. checks in Supply Office of Armory. " . —BROWN Physical Examiners Students, who worked .giving physical examinations may get their checks at Student Health Service. : —MILLER AiChE; All sophomore, junior, and senior chemical engineers are invited to a student-faculty smoker at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, Sept. 80 in west faculty lounge of ■Union. Refreshments. —KRAYBILL . Sigma Delta Chi Members: Fletemeycr Says -ho. If you want a key, the chapter can pay, only $8, and other $3 pii^t'i he paid by member. Those desiring keita may get . them in the aforementioned manneri,. ' . —TRA^G!^,,,., Former Scouts and Scouters: Opehi;nfd‘ii'4' ing of Alpha Phi Omega; sooutingi'.a^ViSe fraternity; Tuesday, Sept. 30 at, 7;:3ff p.m. in Union. All those ihterested aneiinvited.'
■ .^SIGLER
■ Virginia C. Meredith Clnh; 'Gdlout for all H. Ec. students Monday. Sepp- 29 at 4 ^ p.m. Rcfreshinents. Meimbcdship., drive for two weeks thereafter-., ,60.o pw year. ■ ' “> 7 —BLAlJIK ■ ' Sportswomen; Supper in VTAA cabin on Monday, September 29, at 6:30 p. m. . ■ —HARRISON. Purdue Players: Meeting of executive
board Tuesday, September 80, at 4 p. m. in •PoWler Hall; ' ■' ':^alKer. Varsity Plstol Team: An important meeting Tuesdayk Sept. 30. Electidh-bf mahagasi, room 105 of the Armory,
WAA: Archery contest eve:^ evening, at 4. Instruction will be given; bp' Tuesdays and'Fridays. . ' Outing CIub;,Jl&lii4 sy Hike. Calf;/fl®^aj,;j^shd a*. Alddili,'! *0®' Gail Hennie .at.290.7 btfoce .Saturday, nooh.i September 274 Meet. in. f roh#fdF!t*ia.;>Ai«bry at 10 a. mv Sunday) Septemiier:28>. Everyone: inylted.- Fit;. tfjr ' ■■'thK -w^FPEMlfeERtei _ ;r; ,i.f .tlpi;: , 'uHWik FjjiAhipa^ Ehglneai»4i Mectf.fbSrEhiittQate-: , tiepturea; om saiiwdayviS^irt^bar 05at m<,ro,bFy'i8«%o%i.'Studanm!:,jvBoaej.rtdtae8 peBtoT.iwffihti. A-E, nm-oiuMVci; yflam-yiaoir/'OE bnilding.} .F9i.ei^lectnre' robmt SuchaeF Goldh en Shops Li-R. room 264v, EEiMmllding (second floor iBotUne room)’arid' S-Z,' room. 129) 'EE bidding:';;''-’; 't,.j ;v/.4'- fi.'l iii. VL'i:*!.-!' AlpBai .j^ihi '.Omega.: Activies; bring: dames of prospective pledges to. rneeidr^;; TUdddUy) September 30; at ff:3{R ^)i m.. iU* roomi 302 Of thai)W'ni°n>..ff, ... ■ ..(‘'-'^SIGLER;.
. HEAd. USHERS' . '. E. W: AzpoU. L. D, Bechtel, P. W. Case, J. C. ClbUsejf, C. B; R. FitzWilliams, N. L. Gage, V. C. Hill, E. F. Joy. H. L. Kendall, R. A. Leihler. J. H. Lux, C. T, Marek, G. D. MeW, J. W. Mercer. A. J. Miller, C. O. Mbok. W. Musser, G. B. Schick, C. S, gBmffiner, L. W. Thomas, R. M. Thomas, JVdW^-Wiley, L. A. Wilhelm. Abell, M. ,W. Anderson. A. M. Ar-. 'noldji.W. D. Bancker,'C. Bartholomai, D. dBaUmati, R. Becker, G. Bennett,, R. W. 'BidHIe; L. J. Brower E. N. Bucheit, K. ^lem'an, J. L. Conant, D. Cooper, J. M. 'Davis, R. L. Dilts, E. H. Dodge. R. DoIIens, ■m:m Duesler, J. Ember, W. J. Fields. . VP; E. Friend, R. T. Gervais, J, B. Grimm, Tl Grove, R. Hayes, F. C. Hess, F. L. Hopping, G. D. Johnson, F. A. Kalina,. J. M. Kelly, F. Kinder, B. A. Krantz, C. E. Kron,. A. Kusko, F. B. Lakei K. L. Lynch, L. R. McEachron', G. Mackley, R. M. Maloney. N. E. Marozick, R. F. Myer, W. A. Neuttel, B. K. O’Bear, Don Ogilvie, C. 'V. Parhbh, w. Pbzer, R, .1. Quillen, D. C. Roach, Bh. K. Sheridan, E. Skubik, C. E. Sohl, BsiiL, TenEyck, R. H. Van Deusen, W. A. •Vickery, C. Wasson, K. J.- Winner, W. H. Wooden, J. W. Wright, W. G. Yoder. R. G. YbUngj, G; Yurkanan, J. A. Zehring. .V'.'-Bo,ljtCE ' ' ■ 4. ■' ■;D.it'AdkmB,, TbdiAndCt'sbnsvB). Anthony,-. W.
Ebt'mc^.'Dcbttts; atpiiiB^utersc; Open> meete ing' qf Alphrf Phi: Omega;: Scouting service fraternity) Tuesday, Sept. 30! at .gfiOOipU m. in room. 308 of Ubfon;. AilL those interested . ara!.,hH5lhBd:5 .Iliw Jk Ti.k r.i)f'.>) I (•} k I'li: AdSIGEEH.'')! ^o^ili^^prs' ii^biioeThe following. Students,' report at. Bbss-Ade. stadium, GateASp^fttfisaBy;, SbpterHb'er‘i*Y#«ais'..'12'.% p. m). Be prompt..
of
'I? 1°"'^ Kules
"'ff- 'V'
H. G. REISNER BOOK
■it'
i-iCtVifMbisSrvisJ
Jv.GonimaiHehAV.DaVisyiG. W. Dickt’W; B. DUdzlhBki):) ©;-;®biaacronb W.'-W. Frank. W. Lir^iteB). dr. WviGeigpr, OJiHipp; J;. A. H«n*a)j®4 Hoeh8imei),.'B5i!BDbffmanV G.,>Bv HMdem 1., Ei,! !F.;i iHbtdernwni, Bi' 'W.'t'jarvST < Jf. fenteohi B<. Jpnes. B. Kbim). Di H. Kemp, T. EieMet). F; Krampe, F. H. Lawson, W. Lli' Leiwteit, G. Lovett, R; Lucht, j. McGpsdl K. C. McLaughlin,- M. MacDonald, F. W. Maybaum, A. C. Menke, W. B. Mori-: ical, J. K. Moore, D. Nettesheim, R. E. Pear^ son, P. Petrich, B. Platt. C. Polk, F. Ponder, C. Rawlesi J. Shoe-
maker, D. Steffner, B. Van Camp, J. Wargo, C. N. Wentworth, B. .Witsirtan,' C. W.
Wright.
-SANDERS
Reamer Club: Actives and senior pledges meet by Pharmacy, building at 12:80 Saturday; Sept. 27, for senior parade. Attendance will be. taken there and reported to Senate
committee.
-RUFFNEB. Hillet Foundation: Meeting Sunday, Sept. 28, at 6 p. m. Election of officers will be held. Twenty cent supper.
—SIMON.
All Ag Seniors: Meet on avenue near the Pharmacy building for Parade at 12 :45. For complete details read story on front page.
—SWAIM.
.All New Glee Club and Orchestra Men: Contact music office immediately. ^STEWART. AWS Executive Board: Meeting Wednesdnv, Oct. l, at 7:30 p. m. in the AWS office. .ii)-,, .1; ' —McCULLOCH. AH Senior 111(0111*1:.;: You may obtain your flbwers to be; Worn fti the senior parade at the AWS-. Office' Saturday, Sept. 27 from 9-12 a..-m.: FlbWbrS'are 16c each. - ; —McCULLOCH. Scriveners: Mfeeting Sunday, Sept. 28 at 7 ;Bd p. :m. iiE room 263 of Union. Bring manuscripts.' . ' —RIEGLE. Wtuner Scouts and Scouters: Open meeting of' Alpha' Phi Omega, Scouting service fratefrii^'iTuesday, Sept. 30 at 8:80 p. m. in Union. All those interested are invited.
—SIGLER.
Purdue Engineer Workers: Peel, Greider, Kyle, Nicholson and Phillips please report to office Monday, Sept. 29 at 4 p. m. —NEUMAN.
Sfn^btit Senate: Meeting Wednesday, Ocfc 1, at 7:30 p. m. In Senate office.
- ; —DIBOS.
Student Senate:. Interviews tor junior,
representatives will ge held between 4 and 4:46 p. m. Tuesday, Sept. -30, in the Senate
office. Senior hoard pleaSe attend.
—DfBOS.
Student Senate: Interviews for Junior Executives will be held between 4; an^ 4:45 Monday, Sept. 29, in Senate office, ^nior board please attend.- ■
—DIBOS.
Gold Peppers: Meeting at 12:45 p. m. at the women’s tennis courts today for parade. • 3CARFF. , Camera Club: Any unassigned darkroom/' lockers still containing equipment by 5 ;30 p. m. Wednesday, Oct. 1,. will be broken into and cleaned ont by the Darkroornf^ommittee. ; : ' ' —STOECKEL. Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, Sept. 30, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 305 of Union, , —LOCKWOOD. :
fbmite
Students GrsAmte FromRandol^fM
Classified Ads
NOSUDERUtE^ #
The'slicfe rule'you would ordinarily buy tfiis term has been drafted for Nailonai Defense. Sorry, it can’t be helped. Although we have increased our produce tion tremendously the Defeifse Program still ab^rbs more rules than we can make right now. But we are still increasing production. Within four^onths, your slide rule will'be readyi for youi.-*^
Typewriters—Adding machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph and multigraph work done.
C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main. Phone 2779, Lafayette.
Lost : One Dietzen “Federal” Drawing set of iiwtmments. Reward. Call 2847. Louis
Caldavelli. ^
Wanted: Three or four upperclassmen for soliciting on the campus for the Chicago Daily News. Mr, Morgan. Phone 2287.
. Gradating. Field, Texas, in elas.? dl-fl eSe elgitt
f()rnieP''tFiriversity
41-1 is the last group get •wings this;.year. ' 7':'.' Reporting in midrJaJ^ iffi^cad^ learned the ftindanjeni^s Rying 7 in Air Corps schools. hoin» aloft, they were moved''6nt,_to Randolph Field. There anoifeeET^er^H hours were logged, wli^p th^ ’W'#® handling fast Army monoplanes. Ten More 'Weeks t- 'i Following graduation lir^ont th^ ten week course, the cadets receive another; ten : weeks course in advanced schools. After completion of the course wings are awarded. The students who recently graduated are; B. E. Davis, '34; J. W. Fredericks, ’38; R. Glasser, '39; R. A. Hoke, ’41; J. F. Keith, '41; M. J. Klein, ’40; R. S. Sternberger, ’40; and S. J. Whitsitt, ’39.- a.m.p.
The present City College ®f New York was established state legislature 94 years agOi7 ^
‘For you if you live...
^74..-
For your family if ou doh^i/ 7 NATI; PAULUS ■ . V (j^dne ’39) \ UNIT MGR.—THE UNIVERSITY AGENCY
PHONE 4430
418 S. GRANT ST.
PURDUE ’ Football Experts tELLINfcER Prescription Experts
omf
Meanwhile, we have found! a way oui. To meet this temporary emergency we have made a quantity of, masi production slido rules that wilt tide you over, until youP’standard) rule» are ready. These rules aro not for sale. We will lend you one upon the deposit of One Dollar...and give you a full trade*in allows ance when your standard rule is ready. No charge: for wear and tear. Ute this special rule with our compliments as long as the emergency lasts! Your campus bookstore has K&E ’’loaned-on-deposit'* slide rules in stock for immediate delivery..
KEUri^EL & ESSEft CO.
HEY! SHUTTER-BUGS • SUPKUCES • FOnSHlNG • Flit® •CAMERAS/ Bring in your snapshots of the game for7 .developing, printing and enlarging. FOSTER'S CAMERA SHON Stop at the Red Door — Opposite Union Buildii^ 4il State Stree West LMw^te
V Face the Season With 777 ■ : CONFIDENCE 77 7«'; ^ ^ Assure yourself of a successful seasoQ .srft
your hair styled by
FRAR'i BEAUTY SALON
■iii
205 Schultz Building
Phdiie 4^0
■■ ■1 » 7 ■ ■ :
NO, #E DONt HAVE SLIDE RULES FOR SALE However, W© Have a New Supply Weir Lend You.
UNIVERSITY FOOK STORE Across from the Union Building M, ^Red”^ Sammons,’29 R, W. “Doc” Epple,’40
8558— Waltzes from Old Vienna; Evening Star Waltz—Cone. Orchestra. 8559— Skaters' Waltz; Valse d'Amour—Played by Concert Orchestra. 8560— Les Sirenes Waltz, Part 1 and 2—^Concert Orchestra. 8561— Una Furtiva Lagrima; Romance, from "Pearl Fishers"—^Tenor, Orchestra. - 8562—Swan Lake Ballet (Tschaikowsky)—Played by Symphony Orch. 85631—Flight of the Bumble Bee; Impromptu in G Major—Violin, Piano. 8564— Spring Song (Mendelssohn); Minuet in G (Beethoven)—Piano. 8565— Minuet (Boccherini); Serenade (Drigo)—Symphony Orchestra. . 8566— Melody in F; Alt Through the Night—Soprano and piano accompaniment. 8567— L'Arlesienne Suite Bizet) Parts 1 and 2—Symphony Orchestra. 8568— L'Arlesienne Suite (Bizet) Parts 3 and 4—Symphony Orchestra. 8569— The Swan (Saint-Saens); Gavotte in E Minor (Bach)—Violin, Piano. ,''' 8570— Pizzicati from "Sylvia Ballet"; Enfre'Acts and Waltz from "Coppelia" 1,Delibes)—rPlayed by Symphony Orchestra.8571— Minuet') (Boccherini); Londonderry Air—Violin and Piano. 8572^—La. Golondria; Over the Waves Waltz—Symphony Orchestra.. 8573—Aloha Oe; Goodbye Forever—by Soprano with piano accompaniment. . .
12" SINGLE RECORDS —49c 12007—Euryanthe Overture (von Weber)—Symphony Orchestra. 12015—Rotemunde Overture (Schubert)—Symphony Orchestra. 12016—Merry Wives of Windsor Overture (Nicolai)—Symphony Orch. 12017—Poet Cr Peasant Overture (von Suppe)—Symphony Orchestra. 12018—Dance of the Hours (Poncielli)—Symphony Orchestra. 12019—Hungarian Rhapsody Noj 2 (Liszt)—Symphony Orchestra.
RED RQBIN SETS FOR CHILDREN —59c A-20—Mother Goose—Tenor and Piano, two 10" records in set. A-21‘r—Happy Time Tunes—Tenor and Piano, two 10" records in set. A-22—Hansel and Gratel—^Tenor and Prano, two 10" records in set. A-23—Songs and Singing Games for Ct^ldren, two 10" records in set. A-2fl—Songs of America—Tenor and Piano, two 10" records in set. Ar25A—Robin Hood—Bass and Piano, two 10" records in set.
HERE TO PLEA|| There's two smiles to our sefvice —yours and ours-7; 7,. Drive in after the g^tne and enjoy some Real Food.
GREEN GABLES
“Lafayette’s Largest and Levelest Drive Between Main and Brown Street Levees Phone 8279 Mrs. Estetta Brown, Owner and Manager ,
^ - . """" YOUR HEADQUAR'TERS 7 . - for '7 '7/'- v' • PURDUE PILLOWS 7 ' ^ PENNANTS • SOUVENIRS . • JEWELRY
Across fi^om the Union Building
Bf. €. “Re#’* SwiinMMi4
'■Ur, r»v,7
m fcu;v77;'telS£
■ »)U
I";?; %•$ ' ■.■ jit'^'; 1
smi
■y"
BEAT VANDERBILT!!
When the 1941 football season for Purdue opens today, th^ stands will be filled with eager fans hoping for victory. Cheer leaders will be shouting and bands will be playing. The urge of every young gridder will be to ploy to win. We want you to win—every signer of this page hopes that this season will consist of one victory after another. But~and this is more important—^we want you to know that no football victory is worth too high a price. Much
DEAC'S
as we hope you win, we want you to play for enjoyment, for recreation, for health. We're as proud as you are of your team's traditions of good sportsmanship. We're proud that Purdue has always played hard, clean football—^that you boys of the 1941 squad follow a line of football players of whom it could always be said: "They tried hard." So, whether you win or lose, we want you to know that your community is behind you—-that we'll be out there rooting for you.
Everything For A CoBlege Education , GOODWIN'S SHOE STORE See Goody First In the Village HUNECK'S GLASS & PAINT Glass for every purpose And paint for every surface [ UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE # Save steps and money Across from the Union SUNSHINE FARMS If you want the best . . . Phone 5015 Phone 5015
Lnicii BecK&swLv noff
GRAVES QUALITY BAKERY Fine Bread and Pastries STEVE'S JARBER SHOP 215 Northwestern Ave. fust South of Fire Station C. E. WOLFORD For Fine Shoe Repairing West Lafayette, I nd. EDGERTON HDWE. INC. For Your Hardware Needs Phone 4354 We Deliver
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDERS "Rebuilding Shoes is our Specialty" 221 State St. Phone 2240 MITZICAFE Next to Home—The Best Place to Eat 231 Northwestern Ave. LUX & HUMPHREYS Richelieu Foods Fraternity Business a Specialty Drive Team!
WEST SIDE CLEANERS
Northwestern at Vine
Dial 4081
GULLION'S, INC. Clothes For Men
316 State St.
W. Lafayette
pi';:
I