®he Purfluc 'mxtjaaent
Read Daily By 5000 Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, MAY 1, 1937
NUMBER 144
Senior ‘P’ Men Get Blankets At Tonight’s Annual Dance Seniors who have participated in University athletics will be awarded “P” blankets tonight in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building beginning at 9:30. “Red” Maxfield and his orchestra will play for the affair, which is open to seniors and alumni only. In order to buy tickets, seniors must present their schedule cards. ‘ Major sports winners who will receive blankets are: C. R. Armon, G. J. Bartz, G. O. Bell, E. Bluemel, F. B. Buimieister, G. M. Downey, J. W. Drake, L. W. Gift, L. S. Graves, R. H. Lucas, O. W. Martin, B. F. Medley, R. J. Purdy, W. R. Rosser, J. F. Sewkrd, F. L. Stalcup, R. R. Stewart, W. E. Upton, R. E. Williamson, and W. O. Mitchell. Minor award blanket winners are: J. M. Baker, E. J. Baumbach, O. W. Buenting, E. G. Closson, F. S. Engelking, A. F. Farwell, F. E. Fields, A. P. Gillis, G. H. Kerber, R. H. Latter, A. G. Lockwood, D. P. Morse, R. W. Smith, J. R. Van Delester, P. H. Vemor, R. H. Wallace, R. L. Hhitcomb, and Acord Cantwell.
Hooray For The Old Rag ! WeGetAPat OnTheBack Washington, April 30—(Special) —Capitol Hill leaders offer congratulatory comments commending the Exponent’s all-star rating in National Collegiate Press contest. The Exponent placed sixth in the contest.
Christian Foundation To Elect Officers May 2 Election of the Foundation president and Sunday School class officers of the Purdue Christian Foundation for the coming year will take place at the regular class period Sunday morning. A new plan of organization for the Foundation has been drawn up, and will be discussed at this time.
//
30
//
By Hugh Morris
May 1. 1937 BEAUS are sending their gals bigger and better corsages, say the campus posey peddlers at Temple University. The males are also becoming extremely particular about the corsage arrangement . . . calling for wrist, waist, tiara, halo, and shoulder floral offerings . . . some even call for orchids and camellias, but the most popular is the white gardenia .. . —30— “A KNIFE thrust, a groan, a slithering sound as a body slipped to the floor, lifeless—and then the corpse got up,” begins a story in a Texas college paper. This blood-and-thunder description refers to the men’s dancing class, members of which are learning to die and slide to the floor without a bruise— all to the sweet strains of music . . wonder if any slips are ever made with those knives ? —30— ELECTRICAL enginering students at California have developed a method of testing their liquor ... they connect 20,000 volts across a pint... if the current jumps across it, the product is poor ... if the current causes a precipitation of lye, tin, arsenic, slag, and alum, the whisky is fair. If it chases the current back to the generator ... then they have got good whisky ... —30— “HAIR-RAISING.” was the comment of Prof, Anthony Zeleny of the University of Minnesota department of physics, when shocked recently by a million volt current. Yes, 1,000,000 volts ... but at 100,000 cycles the current changes direction so fas^ that it can do no harm to the body ...
Forges Flare^ Sparks Fly As Engineers Show How Campus Looks In Action
By Don Paarlberg “Don’t tell ’em, show ’em.” That’s what the engineers were doing for the Open House visitors who thronged the campus for Gala Week last night. Forges flared, hammers rang, and sparks flew as dads, grads, and visiting students saw the University in action. Old Vauclain No. 4, Purdue’s test locomotive, steamed up for its’ run to nowhere, and turret lathes turned out their ribbons of steel as students manned the University machinery for (the benefit of the visitors. Actual laboratory conditions were demonstrated to illustrate the practicality of Purdue training. Columns Crumble Over in the testing laboratory, concrete columns crumbled with the weight of 76 tons, and steel rods snapped under the power of accurate testing machinery. The electrical engineers fried eggs in space and worked a magic fountain for the astounded visitors, whom they counted with an electric eye. The automotives rigged up a faucet to a can of oil, and ran it all
Grads Give Plaque In Memory Of Pat Tracy^ Custodian A bronze plaque bearing the likeness of Patrick Tracy, beloved by students, faculty and townspeople from 1882 to 1912, when he served as campus janitor and custodian, will be unveiled at the alumni banquet tonight when honor will be paid to his memory. The plaque will be presented to the University by Dr. Fankboner, head of the committee which has worked among other grads to raise the money to provide for the plaque. Other members of the committee are George Ade and W. O. Thompson. The 1904 Debris was dedicated to “That unlettered philosopher and friend of th’ byes, Pat Tracy,” and the plaque will bear the same inscription.
Publications Of Dr. Elliott Are On Display In Library - Most of the writings of Dr. E. C. Elliott, president of the University, are on exhibit in a case on the first floor foyer of the library. Nine volumes, scores of reports, pamphlets, periodical articles, addresses and miscellaneous pieces comprise the exhibit. Professor Hepburn, University librarian, has arranged the publications in chronological order. Those which Dr. Elliott wrote before coming to the University are arranged on the left side of the showcase while those published during his presidency here are on the right end. Dr. Elliott’s writings are mainly in the files of educational administration, and supervision. His first volume was a collection of reports and documents of the public schools of Leadville, Colo., his most recently published work was a study of the reports made by Nicholas Murray Butler, president of Columbia University, under the title, “The Rise Of A University.”
Alpha Chis Present Union Show Tomorrow Alpha Chi Omega sorority will present the regular weekly Union Cafeteria show tomorrow evening at 6:30. The program will consist of imitations of movie personalities, a pony chorus, and a preview style show.
EXPONENT BUSINESS STAFFS
George O. Hays, '12, former editor of the Exponent and present editor of Steel, will address freshman and sophomoi'e members of.the business staffs and all other interested persons in the Memorial Union Building at 11 o’clock this morning. Inquire at the Union desk for the room. —BROWN,
night without lowering the supply of oil. The chemists made liquid air and the pharmacists filled prescriptions for the visiting crowd. No accurate tally of visitors was available, but hundreds of high school pupils, ag students and home economics girls rubbed elbows with dads and old grads as the engineers graph■'cally answered the question “what is Purdue training?” Class numerals as far back as ’04, ’03, and ’97 were seen on tags proudly borne by some of the alumni. , “Guess I’ll have to come back for another course,” remarked one alumnus from the class of ’23. “These boys are getting ahead of us old-timers!”
H. S. Ags Visit Campus; Have ‘Swell Time’ “We had a swell time!” So said 25 vocational agriculture students from Noble County, who were among the hundreds of high school bpys visiting thie Univerr sity ag campus during yesterday’s Open House. “We saw the cattle and the horses and all the other stock out at the barns,” volunteered one of the boys. “They’ve got some fine stock; it must be fun to go to school here!” “They were testing tractors and we saw all the new farm machinery,” said another. “And we saw the greenhouse and the poultry farm and the Indiana baseball game but that wasn’t so good,” he added loyally. “And did you see them make ice cream over in the Dairy Building?” asked a member of the Pm’due ag staff. “See them,” replied one red-head urchin, “Boy, we even et some!”
Seniors Hear Dr. B. I. Bell At Baccalaureate Tomorrow Dr. Bernard Iddings Bell, of Providence, R. I., distinguished minister and author, will deliver the address for the University baccalaureate services tomorrow afternoon at 2:15 o’clock in the Armory, on the subject “Challenge To Live.” Dr. Bell spends approximately 'one-half of his time each year in England, where he preaches in many English churches, universities, and schools. The baccalaureate services will start at 2:16 o’clock when the senior class and faculty assemble in the Memorial Gymnasium. At 3 o’clock Rev. G. A. Richey, of the First Bap tist Church of Lafayette, will give the invocation following which President E. C. Elliott will introduce Dr. Bell. The complete program follows: Program Processional—“Power And Glory March,” by Cobb; The Purdue Sym phonic Band. Academic Procession — Hymn, “Italian,” by Giardini; Audience and University Choir. Prayer—^The Reverend George A. Ritchey, Pastor, First Baptist Church, Lafayette. Cherubim Song (No. 7),by Tchal kovsky; The University Choir. Baccalaureate Address—^Dr. Bernard Iddings Bell. “Quando Corpus,” by Rossini. Benediction—^Reverend George A. Ritchey. Recessional—“Festival March” by Nessler; Purdue Symphonic Band. Following the services the band will broadcast a concert from 6 to 5:30 o’clock over WOWO, Fort Wayne radio station.
Amelia Plans World Flight Takeoff Soon After May 15 New York, April 30—(Special) —Amelia Earhart left New York today for California, where she will service her plane in readiness for a round-the-world flight soon after May 15. She plane to take only one companion on this trip, Fred Noonan, navigator, in an effort to reduce weight and take-off hazards. Her confidence in the “Purdue Flying Laboratory” still unshaken. Miss Earhart hopes, with favorable weather conditions, to be the first woman to fly the difficult route.
Bushnel, Hays, And Hayne Address ’12 Class At Dinner Members of the Class of 1912, returning for their twenty-fifth reunion, assembled for their class dinner last evening in the Union Building. Some 50 members were present, many with their wives and children (no grandchildren). The one and only Daniel Hayne (Dan to you) led in song and yells. He has lost none of his old vim and vigor in yell leading. His singing voice was not trained at Purdue. Thomas M. Bushnell, president of the 1912 Alumni Association, acted as master of ceremonies. The only attempt at a speech was a short talk by George 0. Hays on the early de velopment of the Purdue Union, the initiation of which is credited to the Class of 1912.
Gala Week Program —TODAY— 9:00 a.m.—Alumni Reception, main building each,school. * 10:00 a.m.—Baseball—Indiana vs. Purdue, compliments Athletic Department. Tennis—Michigan vs. Iowa, compliments Athletic Department. 11:00 a. m.—^Radio broadcast, “Just Kids” program. Union Building. .11:30 a.m.—Radio broadcast, “High School Guest Hour” program in Union Building. 12:10 p. m.—^Alumni Luncheon in the Union Building. 12:30 p. m.—Track—Illinois vs. Purdue, compliments Athletic Dept. 1:00 p. m.—Annual Meeting Purdue Alumni Association, Inc. 2:00 p. m.—^Field House Cornerstone Laying. 3:00 p.m.—Traditional Class Parade,' starts at Field House, ends in the Stadium. 3:16 p. m.—Football—Varsity vs. Frosh, sponsored by Gimlet Club. Presentation of Alumni trophy between halves to outstanding freshman. Military Band Parade. Tennis— Iowa vs. Purdue, compliments Athletic Department. 3:30 p.m.—Golf—Notre Dame vs., Purdue, compliments Athletic Department. 4:00 p.m.—Open House until 6 p. m.—^Women’s Residence Halls, Cary Halls for Men, and the Women’s Athletic Association Log Cabin. 6:00 p.m.—The President’s Banquet at the Union ballroom. 9:00 p.m.—Senior-Alumni Dance, Union ballroom. Tower Theatre production. Union Tower. 1912 Class Silver Anniversary Smoker, Elks Club. 1897 Class Business Meeting, faculty lounge. Reunion Class parties. 11:00 p.m.^—Pr^entation of senior “P” blankets. Union,ballroom. —TOMORROW— 9:00 a.m.—Class breakfasts. Class secretaries’ breakfast. 10:00 a. m,—Open House—President and Mrs. Edward C, Elliott’s hoine, 616 South Seventh street, East Side. Golf— choice of courses. “P” Men’s Golf Tournament at the West Lafayette Country Club links. 12:10 p. m.—Loyalty Dinner in the Union ballroom. Presentation of Lojralty Certificates. 2:30 p.m.—Review Faculty-Senior Academic Procession—^raising of 1937 flag. March in rear of Academic Procession to the Armory. 3:00 p. m.—Baccalaureate in the Armory—section reserved for the alumni. Mike, Murphy, world famous stunt flyer, Purdue Airport—^“What Shouldn’t Be Done With A Plane.” 4:30 p. m.—^Purdue Band Concert in front of Eliza Fowler Hall. All class breakfasts, luncheons, and banquets will be held fai Purdue Memorial Union Building.
Alumni Throng Campus For Gala Week Program Cornerstone Laying, Banquets Will Be Featured In Today’s Full Schedule At 10 o’clock last night, the Alumni office reported that 450 alumni had already registered for Gala Week festivities, with twice that many expected by this morning. Registration began officially at noon yesterday, by which time ten grads had retumed from widely scattered points to attend this first Gala
Week held while school activ-
Senior Sermonizer
Dr. Bernard Iddings Bell, distin' guished minister and author, who will deliver the Baccalaureate ad dress tomorrow in the Armory.
Class Of 1907 Dines; Adopts Dean Potter ' Climaxing a hilarious evening of merriment with the presentation of symbolic plaques designatihg honorary membership in the class of ’07 to Miss Blanche Miller, a member of the library staff for over 30 years, and to Dean A. A. Potter, head of the engineering schools, 75 members of the class of ’07 and their wives and children last night in the Union Building, successfully brought to a close a banquet cele brating the 30th anniversary of their graduation. Laying in a wheel chair, R. C. Williamson, who has been incapacitated for 18 years, presented probably the most interesting personality in the entire group. Laughing and cheering he showed that he was not daunted by his physical handicap. Williamson, who was the captain of the cross country team in 1905, is the father of Bob Williamson, co-captain of this year’s track team. “Doc” Anderson, local garage proprietor and president of the class acted as general chairman, while W. H. Winterrowd, Chicago, 111., made the presentations. Young Dickie Humphreys, talented West Lafayette artist, accompanied by Bill Douglas ’38, enteilained the gathering with his dancing and
singing .
Coulter To Exhibit Art Work In Music Room An exhibition of the work of Mrs. Mary J. Coulter, world-famous etcher, painter, and lecturer, will be on display in the music room of the Memorial Union Building for,two weeks, starting this morning. The collection includes etchings, block
prints, and dry points.
Mrs, Coulter, whose work has been hung in every big museum of fine art in the United States, is probably most famous for her technique in etching, being one of the only three Americans to have etchings hung in the print department
of the Louvre, in Paris.
Silver Mask Honorary" Inducts Six Students
of the following men: H. Zwtig, C. F. Hoffman, A. H. Levine, R. A,
Goris.
ities are in full swing. George Ade will arrive this morning to act as master of ceremonies at the loyalty luncheon which will be held in the Memorial Union Building tomorrow. At this meeting, gold loyalty certificates will be awarded members of the class of ’87 silver awards will go to members here for their twenty-fifth reunion, and gold and black loyalty certificates will be presented to members of other classes by President Elliott. Varied Entertainment Today’s program will find numerous activities, both on and off the campus, from 9 a. m. continuously through midnight. Climaxing a morning of baseball, radio broadcasting, and receptions, will be the Alumni Luncheon in the Memorial Union ballroom at 12:10 p. m. Highlighting the afternoon program, L. A, Downs, ’89, will act as master of ceremonies at the Field House cornerstone lasring at 2 p. m. following which the seniors and alumni will parade to the stadium for the Freshman-Varsity football classic. Other attractions during the afternoon will be the track, tennis, and golf matches, and open house at the men’s and women’s residence halls. Banquet For President At 6 p. m. in the Union ballroom, a banquet will be given in honor of President Elliott, followed at 9 p.m. by the senior-alunmi dance, during which the senior “P” blankets will
be presented. For those not attending the dance. Tower 'Theater will g^ve a series of short pla3m in the tower room, and various classes will hold reunion parties for returning members.
Facuity Of 18! That WasPurdueIn 1884 Purdue with a faculty of only 18 memljers, including the president? To the present students of the University it is unbelievable, but for the year 1884-85, the 262 regular and preparatory students in attendance here had only that many teach-
ers.
Following is the University faculty for that year: J. H. Smart, president; Professors—^L. S. Thompson, professor of industrial airts; C. R. Barnes, professor of botany; E. E. Smith, professor of English; W, P. M. Goss, professor of mechanical engineer; M. C. Stevens, professor of mathematics; W. C. Latta, Professor of agriculture; J. Troop, Professor of horticulture and entomology; A. W. Stahl, professor of military tactics; R, B. Warder, professor of chemistry; O. J. Craig, professor of the preparatory department; Flora Weed, matron of the girls’ dormitory: H. L. Osborn, professor of biology; H. A, Huston, professor of physics; and J. N. Hur-
ty, professor of pharmacy.
The instructors for that year were Michael Golden, shops; Mary
Silver Mas^, honorary fencing or- Martin, English; and Mrs. fifary ganization, announces the initiation Barnes, preparatory studmits.^
Prof. J. tWp, df the entomology department is the only memhw of
Meier, M. D. Stepath, and M. E. the facul^ of the sidMwl year
Sb now living./I
.ifL'Ajk'Jl:!,.*
.. i fl
^ ^ . -I-''- - . V , S! 'l’ I ’"' ' ' ‘ ‘v’ ■ „ ■' "> . , • ' ,/'. ' ‘. :'." ,v' ;.r'-,• .. ■. ■, •■•, "v
Page Two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
tS^^t $urbue exponent
Foonded in 1883
^soeinted jfottt^tate jlrcgg
WISCXM9N
CNTCD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY
National Advertising Service, Inc
College PMIsken Representative
A20 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. Chicaoo • «BosTON • San FhANcisca
LOS ANOCLBS - PORTLAND' .
SEATT1.B
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafaye^, Indiana. Delivered ^ mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier. $2.50 per year; sold by a single copy. 2 cents.
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Business Phone 6038
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
£klitorial Phone 6037
EDITORIAL. BOARD OF CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF tx»w.*,viv..v %— .E. H. Morris Asso^ate Editors.V'.ZK. A. Bainett^'j. K Bro^^ A. H. F^ter. IL P. Manion, C. L Sadler Sophomore Assistants W. M. Anttony. D A. BaU^, J. A, Chapin. J-®-Clark L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance E. H. KelloBB, K, E. O’Neil Bold and Black Editor -J- C- Ohaver
BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manaser National Advertising Manager. Local Advertising Manager Advertising Assistants—
Circulation Manager..
..R. J. Hulse ..L. H. Brown
..D. C. MiUer
_'W. J. GUlilan, R. R. Hensler, M. C. RfevM
..J. P. Girard
Circulation Assistants
r.’.’.™.r.....'.’.'.’.'.'.’.’..’.’.7. F. C. Robbins, F. T. Swain
Eklitor..
SPORTS STAFF
..L. D. Wood
Associate Editors..
7.'.’.7w. iL"Fifldd, S. R. Griffiths. R. F. Obenchain
WOMEN’S STAFF
Elditor..
.Melen Creech
Associate Editors Advertising Manager..
jMnne JanousS, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke "■ ■ „.JBetly Bimett
Issue Editor—J. A. Chapin
All Hail—Class Of 1912
Four years of what Purdue had to give, and gave; of work and play and make-believe, and we went forth on our various ways. Hopeful, light of heart and confident—we went forth. Twenty-five years—our center span of life has passed—and we return—to make believe again. During these twenty-five years—^we are told—civilization’s greatest advancements have been recorded. The World War—to make “the World safe for Democracy’ —and God Bless the souls of our classmates who gave their all— The rise and fall of “The New Era”—The rise of “The New Error.” ^ . Withal—the greatest advancement in all phases of civihzationv—the great growth in mechanization—^the establishment of new industries—^leading us now to outstanding economic and social problems. Thus we have seen and lived and labored—and now return, as it were, to the fountain of youth—^to live again for one short hour in memories of our growing manhood—to cast aside the cares and sorrows and responsibilities that have been our portion—to make believe. And let us make the most of it—^knowing full well that we now enter shortly into our final span of life—let us. hope another span of twenty-five years that will serve to bring us all greater joy and happiness.—G. 0. Hayes, Editor, 1912.
Show U.S. Park Slides May 4
Colored pictures depicting the wonders of the Utah-Arizona National Parks will be presented by R. A. Kirkpatrick, president of the Americanism Congress, in an illustrated lecture on Tuesday evening at 8 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. In his lecture Kirkpatrick will present colored slide views of Zion, Bryce Canyon, and Grand Canyon National Parks, Sedar Breaks National Monument, and Kaibab National Forest. His appearance here has been made possible through the cooperation of the Union Pacific railroad system which is sponsoring
May Promoted To Rank Of Physics Instructor
A. I. May, mechanician in the department of physics, has been promoted to the rank of instructor as a mechanician and research advisor. May has done outstanding work in the building of scientific and shop equipment for research work during the last few years.
.THE
his lecture tour.
Valparaiso Projects Win At Annual Round-Up
Valparaiso high school, competing for the first time in the open class, won first honors for competitive projects judged in the annual vocational and industrial arts round up here yesterday with a score of 213 points. The runner-up honors were taken by Washington, East Chicago, with 1S9 points, and Mishawaka, last year’s winner, with 157 points. First place in the limited class competition, restricted to schools from towns of less than 10,000 population, was won by Chesterton, with 164 points. Boone Grove with 58 points, and Ligonier, 22 points, took second and third honors.
Tb* tiiinfctag fellow eoUa A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can for Special Occaaioiia 26c per paeaenger any part of the city 6028 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
UAWN MOWERS Sharpened NEW and USED MOWERS Free Delivery F. JOS. MyLH AUPT & SON FMoa 2826 2M'U N. 6tii St.
FAMED WOVEl COMES TO LIFE!
All Seats Reserved LAST DAY GOOD SEATS AVAILABLE Matinee 50c and 76c Evening 60c, 76c, $1.10 Box OflSce Open at 11 A. M. Phone 7903 for Rewrvatlons
ARE YOU GETTING AM * EXPONENT?
Household
Notes—
Among the things seen at gatherings of smart people this spring will be sheers—^tucked, pleated, gored, shirred sheers. The peasant influence will be greatly in evidence in afternoon dresses with full skirts, shirred at the waist, and with full sleeves.
The new Balerina coats are just the thing to wear over your new dress when you are chilly without a coat' on these cool evenings. By a Balerina coat we mean one that is flared from the shoulders in back and fairly plain in front with a collar of the same material.
Something that will make you feel ever so dressed up this summer is a pastel dress with a contrasting bolero. This bolero may be of a solid color or it may be plaid, it matters not. One is equally as smart as the other.
The girl with the beautiful neck will be glad to hear that necklines are to be still lower and lace-trim-med or perhaps tucked. Elaborate costume jewelry will be worn with these low necklines.
Formals for the late spring and early summer will feature several layers of thin material such as chiffon. Each layer will be of a different color giving the dress an irridescent look.
Club Notes
Mrs. L. L. Jones, 801 Salisbury, will be hostess to the members of the Mothers’ Study Club on Wednesday. The meeting will be a dinner meeting, and will begin at 6:30 o’clock.
Members of the Kensington Club will entertain guests at their annual guest day on Friday at 1 o’clock. Luncheon \yill be served in the peasant room, and will be followed by bridge in the faculty lounge of .the Memorial Union Building.
“Straw In The Wind” will be the subject of the book review to be given by Mrs. G. C. Brandenburg at the meeting of the Twentieth Century Club at Duncan Hall on Thursday at 2:30 o’clock.
Sorry folks, those 4-Hers were a little too much for us last night. We wish some of that material would be wasted here at old Purdue. We could stand an iwful lot. We teetled and tottled all last p. m.
Sections 88 to 99 Advertisements: Any young swain desiring a good dancing date call 3210 and ask for ELEANOR.. .
Fi gam BILL SMITH, president, and AKL “STUBBY” HEIER, treasurer, announce the incorporation of the PU ANTI-ESKIMO society for frozen ROMEOS. Cash members are welcome no end . . .
Last night was open house and as usual the Sigs, Fi Gams, DUs, and ETC were running true to form (feminine); out giving all the H. S. skirts a earfull of what these ‘HOT’ college men think about...
We understand that “Lake Bushnell” is soon to be stocked with suckers . . .
THE DRIBBLE DRIBBLE . . . that one “Love-’em-all” BOB WALPOLE has been spreading in his filthy column. Fielder’s Choice . . . is not only tpyical of a Phi Gam and his thoughts but of the mouse, WALPOLE ... and WALPOLE desires to make an issue of such a whiskered phrase as calling a Beta a LILY ... my dear WALPOLE, if you deem it necessary to continue your poor, untimely, drab, and uncalled for bits of satirical sentiments ... at least let your column contain a bit of originality . . . but maybe asking a Phi Gam to be original is asking just too much . . .
Life isn’t just a bed of roses for LORNA McLEOD and MARY GRACE MYTINGER, Union vicepresidents ... it seems that they have much MOTHERS’ DAY work to get out by TUESDAY and no woi’kers to do it with . . . where are those cream pulfs that show up for dinners, tea-dances, and picture-
STARTS TOMORROW
LUMA
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclily
“Careful where you throw your match, sir—you might start ,a forest fire!”
takings . . .
DOG HOUSERS New secretary of the ROYAL ORDER of KNIGHTS and LADIES of the DOG HOUSE ... is none other than BETTY HEGELE . - - she scores on at least 10 counts . . . she definitely has been placed there by none less than 10 gentlemen . . . get your PASSES for the MARS at the UNION desk, BETTY ....
Bryant To Play For WRH Spring Dance
“Waltzing In Vienna” will be the theme for the annual Residence Hall spring dance which will be held tomorrow night in the Hall’s newly decorated “Vienna Streets.” Bud Bryant and his orchestra will play from a gondola, and indirect lights will silhouette Vienna scenes around the dancing floor. During the evening sandwiches and punch will be served on the lantern-decorated flagged-terrace.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT
ADVERTISERS
ARC
SUNDAY AND MONDAY
-and—
Simone Simon
“Ladies in Love” —^plus .Silly Symphonie Cartoon
LAST TIMES TODAY “West of Nevada” “15 Maiden Lane” ‘Undersea Kingdom’
Midnite Preview Tonite 11:30 “The Woman I Love’
STARTS SUNDAY—TWO FIRST RUN HITS
A wartorn romance of two fliers who loved a beautiful woman of Paris ... A love that heeded neither danger, destruction nor death!
more powerfully thrilling than you have ever known him . . HOPKINS! — like a flaming torch, blazing in a no-man’s land of warring hearts!
with Dick Purcell Mary Brian Warren Hymer
T O D A Y
Ann Dvorak John Litel
MIDNIGHT COURT
Grant Withers Dorothy Appleby
. PARADISE EXPRESSTHE PDBDPE EXEQWBtCT
v^n
Gimlet Club
Sponsors Tilt
Purdue’s potential gridiron power for next year will meet the test this afternoon at 3 o’clock in the Koss-Ade Stadium as an unusually strong freshman squad tackles an eleven composed of sophomore and junior varsity men. There is a record crowd anticipated with alumni returning for Gala Week swelling the ranks of the avid student fans. This annual battle is being sponsored by the Gimlet Club and tickets can be obtained fropi members at alumni headquarters in the Union Building, or at the student stores. Varsity Won Last year the varsity men beat out the yearlings by the score of 20 to 13 and although this year’s lot of regulars are given the odds because of their greater experience the frosh have already shown ill practice that they are a quantity to be reckoned with, and the fracas is expected to develop into a riproaring battle. One point in the yearlings’ favor is their large number of reserves which gives them plenty of material to pick from. Award Trophy Between halves the spotlight will be taken by Burr Swezey, president of the Purdue Alumni Association, as he awards the winner of the Seventh Annual Purdue Freshman Football Merit Trophy with an engraved $100 gold watch. To win this honor a man has to be outstanding in spring drill, scholarship, attitude, and attendance. To retain permanent possession of the trophy.
Seven Big Events Listed On Today’s Athletic Program
Purdue’s baseball nine and the Boilermaker tennis squad will occup(y the limelight this morning when the curtain goes up for the second act of a two-day athletic program which forms a major part of the Gala Week festivities for this week end. At 10 o’clock the Boilermaker diamondmen will take the field ^gainst their toaditional foes from Indiana Univeiraity on the north end of Russell Field, while Michigan and Iowa tennis teams are battling away in a Big Ten match on the University courtsj
Varsity vs. Frosh At 12:30 the Purdue track squad will meet the University of Illinois in Ross-Ade Stadium, and at 2 o’clock all “lights” will be focused on the main attraction of ^the day
the laying of the cornerstone for the new Fieldhouse. At 3 o’clock the 1937 grid squad will enter the Stadium for the Varsity-Freshman football game which ends the spring practice session. At the same time the Boilermaker tennis squad will be matched against Iowa in the second Big Ten tennis session of the day. Throughout the morning and afternoon the varsity golf squad will be playing DePauw in a dual match on the West Lafayette Country Club links.
the winner must return to the Univelfsity next fall eligible for varsity play.
SI
Feature Starts 1:25, 3:30, 5:30, 7:30, 9:35 Extra Joy! Our Gang Comedy
4 DAYS STARTING TOMORROW
Purdue Races
mini Track
Squa4 Today
Illinois will bring its host of trackmen here today to contest the Boilermakers at 12:30 this afternoon in an important co-starred event with the frosh-varsity football game at the Ross-Ade Stadium. Outstanding in the ranks of* the invaders is Bobby Grieve, Big Ten 60-yard dash champion and the man who was beaten by the meteor-like Jesse Owens'in the 100 yard dash last year. Also of above par ability is Robinson, who' takes off over the low hurdles in record time. Low Hurdles One interesting event will be the 220-yard low hurdles race in which the touted Illini men come up with Lemen, who has been showing winning form this year in garnering points for the Boilermakers. Coach “Orv” Martin said that Purdue’s strongest races would no doubt be the distances, and he added that he hoped to carry off the laurels in the two mile, mile, and half mile races.
FRESHMAN-VARSITY GOLF
—TODAY— Please play off these matches this afternoon, if possible. You will be matched at the Golf Course. Turn in scorecards to Mr. Linne, at the Public Golf Course. Buy your tickets in the Intramural Office before you go out to play.
Curtin, W. M. Dearie, E. C. Didier, L. B. Egnatz, N. Faas, J. Goldstein, H. Hutchison, T. J. Kirsch, J. L. Kolb, R. M. Lilly, W.
Newton, E. L. Olson, H. C. Orlowski, W. Peterson, R. B. Reiley, R. L, Sanders, W. J. Sheay, R. W. Tulley, F. Waller, L. Weldy, S.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
Family
SUNDAY — MONDAY
SH£ THE TALK f OF THE TOWN !
EDDIE CANTOR'S SENSATIONAL RADIO SINGER, .. NOW A GREAT NEWSCREEN STAR IN THE YEAR'S SWELLELECANT SMASH COMEDY HIT,. THE SEASON'S f GAYEST PICTURE /
ISMART jeiRli
RINNIE BARNES ALICE BRADY RAY MILLAN© CHARLES WINN IN GEi MISCHA AUER
—LAST DAYa^ Bob Livingston
“Tbe Riders of the Whistling SknU” —«nd—' June Travis Dick Purcell in “Men in Exile”
Tennis Players Drop 7-0 Contest To Michigan Teani
Michigan made a clean sweep of all matches here yesterday afternoon to defeat Purdue, 7-0, in a Big Ten tennis meet that was curtailed on account of rain. Summary Singles—Sherwood, Michigan, defeated Wakefield, Purdue, 6-0, 6-4; Mills, Michigan, defeated Traylor, Purdue, 6-3, 6-1; Dean, Michigan, defeated Gardner, Purdue, 6-2, 6-1; Flick, Michigan, defeated Mann, Purdue, 6-1, 6-4; Levenson, Michigan, defeated Jackson, Purdue, 6-4, 7-5; and Woolsey, Michigan, defeated Linn, Purdue, 6-2, 6-1. Doubles—Sherwood and Mills of Michigan, defeated Wakefield and Traylor, Purdue, 6-0, 7-6.
Indiana Defeats Purdue
Baseball Nine, 3-0
Approximately 2,500 baseball fans saw the Indiana nine nose out the Purdue squad, 3 to 0, in a pitcher^s duel between Hosier and Bredewater on the local diamond last night. The spectators filled the stands and the sidelines in order to witness a game played under a threat of showers which undoubtedly
kept many of the fans home.
Cue Squad Places Fifth In Three^Cushion Match
Purdue’s cue artists carried off fifth place in the Intercollegiate three-cushion match Thursday evening. Five men represented the Boilermakers, with Weisman carrying off top honors by scoring 19, while Reynolds was taking second with 17. The total aggregate score was 75.
BASEBALL
MONDAY—MAY 3 Diamond 1— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 2— Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Chi. 3— Acacia vs. Delta Chi. 4— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 5— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 6— Sigma Nu vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 7— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Delta Theta. 8— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 9— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 10—^Phi, Kappa Psi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha.
ALL-CAMPUS GOLF
Tournament starts Monday, May 3. Sign up on Gym bulletin board, and pay your dime (entry fee) in the Intramural Office. —CLFVETT.
The highlight of the game was the pitchers’ duel between Babe Hosier of Indiana and Art Bredewater of Purdue. The Crimson Ace held the Boilermakers to five hits while his teammates collected seven frohi the offerings of Bredewater. Although the local squad was outhit, the loss of the game can be attributed to lack of support, as not one of the three Indiana tallies was earned. Two of these runs came on errors and the other was scored on a fielder’s choice.
Excellent Fielding The Indiana squad showed one of he finest exhibitions of fielding that has ever been seen on a Purdue diamond. Abernathy, at short, made miraculous stops and then finished the play by throwing the runner Out from impossible angles. Thompson, Abernathy’s mate in the Indiana keystone combination, also performed brilliantly with five assists and four putouts scored to his credit during the game. The local squad made six errors which accounted for Purdue’s first loss of the season on the home diamond.
The Indiana squad plays the second game of the series this mor-
ning at 10 o’clock.
Summary: Purdue
AB R
Baker, rf 4 Waling, lb 4 Dean, 2b 4 Breslin, 3b 3 Mangas, If 3 Poulos, cf 3 Bredewater, c .... 2 Krause, c 1 Thompson, ss 3 Bredewater, p .... 3
Totals 30
Indiana
Thompson, 2b .... 5 Gwinn, cf 5 R. Grieger, c .... 3 Hobson, rf 4 Clark, lb 4 Andres, 3b 4 Abernathy, ss .... 3 Becker, If 4 Hosier, p 4
Totals 36
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
FLOWERS For All Occasions
•DANCES •GIFTS •REMEMBRANCES
You will be well pleased with the distinctive corsages and the quality of service you receive from
ROTH’S
635 MAIN
LUNA THEATRE BLDG. Dial 7955
We’re Prepared For the Collegiate Set
Young men with an alertness for style will find pleasure in selecting additions to their Spring wardrobes in this store, where correct apparel is a tradition. A whole section of our new Spring stocks features smart, interesting, distinctive clothing, carefully selected to meet the needs of young men of taste. An'd the prices, too, are keyed to the young man’s budget. ''
SOUT|HWORTH’S
West Lafayette
E
AB R H E
Mi
M ■ fs~' ''i
'' ''i V'
'-i'.'I
6k
iHliiiii
THE PtmBUB EXPONENT
Blatdiley Speaks At Entomology Dinner
Dr. W. S. Blatchley, state geologist for 16 years, spoke at the annual dinner of the Thomas Say Entomological Society in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building last Monday evening. Phillip Luginbill, Jr., was in charge of the banquet.
Townsend Will Attend Annual Corps Review
Governor M. Clifford Townsend will be present at the annual Corps inspection to be held Thursday afternoon May 13. Following the review, he will be the guest of the cadet officers at their annual banquet in the Union ballroom.
Alpha Chi Omega
Alpha Chi Omega, social sorority, announces the initiation of Louise Daniel, Westfield; Ruth Ezra, Lafayette; Jane Fleig, Gary; Neva Fricke, Monroe; Betty Frost, Evansville; Betty Hixon, Gary; Martha Moorhead, South Bend; Jean Stalz, Milwaukee, Wis.; and Virginia Wilking, Indianapolis.
c»
OUTB SounutT
Methodist Students—The first breakfast meeting of the newly elected Foundation Council will be held at the Foundation House at 8 o’clock tomorrow morning. The men’s class will meet in the church at 9:30, and the co-ed class in the Foundation House at the same tinae. The regular fellowship hour and supper will be held at the Foundation House at 5 o’clock. The service at the Epworth League meeting at the church at 6:30 will be a discussion on “Lake Geneva.”
The John and Josephine Geniuses of the high-school classroom go right on starring in college, says a professor at the University of Cincinnati. Of the 24 freshmen who received state scholarships last fall, 23 have done above average work in their first university semester.
SUDDEN ^Service
PRINTING,
P
»^62 8 CASSEL'S 4Mi«a»*
rHOHE
one* SteHoiiMy. . | VwMIag hviWkNit I Mat BoohttBe....
The Risk Dental Clinic
DB. PAUL A. BIBB DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RUE DR. LUTHER A. RUE
400 SchnltB Bldg. Phone 5701
“DEAC” HAS EVERT'THING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine SL West Lafayette
NOTICE TO STUDENTS!
1. Domestic Students. New low rates to the principal cities effective today. Special round trip tickets for the summer vacation now available.
2. Foreign Students. Make your reservation for the summer vacation trip home by Air now. Service to China, Hawaii, Philippines, Europe and South America.
For Information Call Bud Skinner Kappa Sier 4031-4032 “Travel by Air”
COHAGE CHEESE?
SUNSHINE FARMS
Man# 5015
Episcopal Students—At the early service there will be a corporate communion at which the Rev. Dr. Bell will be the celebrarit. He will also address the students at the breakfast which will follow the ser•vice. Dr. Bell is also the preacher at the service at 10:45. The Young People’s Fellowship meets in the evening at 6 o’clock for supper, the program being at 7 o’clock. Baptist Students—The Roger Williams class will be taught by Dean Fisher. Prof. T. K. Noss will give the s.ermon tomorrow morning on “The Challenge Of Religion.” Social hour will be at 5:30, supper at 6 o’clock. W. Hupe, a German student will speak to the discussion group. No evening service will be held.
Sigma Alpha Mu
Sigma Alpha" Mu social fraternity announces the pledging of E. M. Marcus, Chicago, 111.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. PhoM 2779.
Antiques—Old glass, china, furniture, brass, pewter, silver, old fashion prints, bric-a-brac. Prices reasonable. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
NOTICES No Notieps Accepted After 8 p. m.
Christian Students—The Sunday school program will begin at 9:30. The student class election of officers will be held and the Foundation president and students’ class officers will be elected. At 10:45 Rev. Mullen will preach on the sermon “Those Who Fear.” The Christian Endeavor program will begin at 5:30, with a social program at 6:30.
Presbyterian Students—Sunday Evening Club meets at 6 o’clock. A musical program, under the direction of Harold Schulte, will follow the supper. Dr. Graves will lead the discussion group at 9:30 a. m In the morning service of worship at 10:40, Dr. Graham will preach from the theme “The Work A Man Must Do.”
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 6050
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in tlM VARSITY BOOT SHOP
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
Closing Out Yz Price
)De Voe Art Colors J. SPERB HDW.
W. A. A. Hike—All girls interested in hiking to the W. A. A. Cabin meet in the Women’s Gymnasium May 1 at 2:30 p. m. —CAMPBELL.
Gold Peppers—Dinner for junior and senior Gold Peppers is postponed indefinitely. —SCUDDER.
Alpha Lambda Delta—Initiation will be postponed until May 16. —PITTMAN.
Reamer Club—Meeting in Union Building at 8 o’clock May 3. —BUXTON.
Engineering Seniors—Mr. H. L. Pearson of the Central Illinois Gas Company, is considering the employment of several senior cadet engineers. If you wish to be considered gign up in the office of the head of the school concerned. —WALTERS.
M. E. And I. E. Seniors—Mr. T. L. Hoffman of the Cincinnati Milling Machine Company will interview mechanical and industrial engineers May 7. If interested sign up in Professor Young’s office. —WALinRS.
University Choir—All members be at the Armory at 4 p. m. May 1 for important rehearsal. —PHILLIPS.
The Return of a Favorite With a Brand New Look!
Have your hat Crown Cleaned and Blocked. Crown process makes it repellent to water.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Seniors—Those seniors who have accepted positions in Detroit meet in the Alumni office. May 1, at 9 a. m. —BAUGH.
Mechanical Engineers—Anyone interested in employment with the Illinois Tool Works of Chicago in applied mechanics work, report to Professor Young’s office. —WALTERS.
Purdue Students—Purdue students who are children of members of the 1912 class are invited to attend the 1912 class breakfast in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building May 2 at 9 a. m. —ROBERTSON.
W. A. A. Baseball—Games will be played at 4 p. m. May 3. In case of rain the first game listed will be played in the Gymnasium. Alpha Chi Omega vs. Wards 1 and 4, Pi Beta Phi vs. Alpha Xi Delta vs. Ward 3. Be prompt. —TOWNSEND.
Reamers-~Special meeting of pledges at 460 North Grant street at 1 p. m. May 1. Compulsory attendance. —ROSS.
University Sing—All organizations entering the University Sing will call for instructions May 3 at the Student Union office between 4 and 5 p. m. —WIEGANDT.
Union Workers—All available workers please come to the Union office any time on
May 1 to work on' Mother’s Day bulletins. —MYTTNGER, McLEOD.
Festival Day Faculty and Student—Committee meeting May 1 in the W. S. G. A. office at 1 p. m. ^ —TANGERMAN.
* Festival Day—Rehearsal of complete cast at 4 p. m. May 3 in the Women’s Gymnasium. —TANGERMAN.
Glider Club—Meet at Tow-Car garage at 1:16 p. m. May 1. Work will be done for dance. All members interested in planning decorations are wanted. Trailer committee report for work. Slight repairs are needed on the 800. —WILTSHIRE.
Gala Week Committee—Meetingy at the Union' desk at 1 p. m. May 1. Attendance compulsory. ' —BLACK.
Independent Students—Petitions for the board positions in the Purdue Independent Association for 1987-88 must be turned in by May 7. The offices open are the following chairmanships: political, men’s social, men’s activities, women’s social, women'’s activities, and campaign. Please state time available, position desired, experience, and references. —HERSH.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
GALA WEEK VISITORS
We were not here to serve you in your college days, but we are trying to take care of the present student body in a manner to merit their friendship. We hope you will look us over and give us your approval.
Dad’s Place •
So Handy
Remarkable Values
Polo-Shirts
Shirts and Shorts
Just the thing for these hot days when you don’t want to wear a collar and tie. Definitely the type that usually sells for about twice this price.
Smartly patterned shorts or briefs and fine cotton knit shirts. Well cut for |>erfect fit and comfort.
Slacks
48c - 98c
Cool, comfortable slacks for the classroom or tennis court. When yon see the sporty pattern you will want more than one pair at this price.
25c - 48c
“T” Shirts
Cool “T” Shirts for the afterschool sports. Ligh| weight, but sturdy enough to last a long, long time.
$1.48-11.98
Suspenders
48c
All types and different stripes —clasp on, or button on— you’ll say they’re the classiest suspenders that you have ever seen.
48c
RELIABLE CLOTHING CO
L>orit forget —
yl/ldLet A
'a.
f
Send her a box of fVhltmaris Famous
Candy - - - - a lovely Gift
We will wrap and ship it for you and pay the postage in the 1st zone. If it is past the 1st zone we still will pay that part of it which is the biggest part of the postage. All you have to do is give us the address and pay for the candy and we do the rest.
H. G. “Deac” REISNER
STUDENT BOOK SUPPLY STORE WEST LAFAYETTE