%
Purdue @ Exponent
Volume 5L No. 60
Saturday, November 18, 1989
Boilermakers Face Badger ElevenToday
Gridiron Clash Will Feature
Scabbard And Blade Announces Pledges Badger Homecoming At Madison
Monsignor Sheen Returns To Speak At Religious Convo “The Two Revolutions” is the subject of an address to be given tomorrow morning at 10:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall, when the Rt. Rev. Msgr. Fulton J. Sheen, Washington, D. C., will speak before the Purdue.student body and faculty attending the November Convocation for Worship. Monsignor Sheen is associate professor of philosophy at the Catholic University of America, and is the author of many text books on religion and philosophy. As a preacher he is renowned both in this country and abroad. His radio broadcasts have won him acquaintances throughout America. Last year when he appeared on a University convocation'program, a capacity audience was present. His extreme popularity among the students because of his youth and energy as well as his keen analysis of current social and religious problems prompted the University committee to bring him back this year. Music for the program will be furnished by the University Choir of 180 voices and the Echo Choir of 30 voices, both under the direction of A. P. Stewart, singing two anth^s: “Prayer” by Kountz and “Cas^Thy Burden Upon the Lord” by Mendelssohn. Dr. Bitkham Will Address Fresh Engineers Today Dr. Martin Hayes Bickham, State Consultant of Planning for the Illinois Works Progress Administration, located in Chicago, will address all freshman engineers at 8 o’clock this morning in ^^iza Fowler Hall. This lectui-e will replace the talks by school representatives scheduled for today in their respective buildings. Prof. M. 0. Pence .... University extension Agronomist, will give an illustrated talk on flood control and agricultural development in the Tennessee River Valley on Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Assembly Room of Agriculture Hall.
Sanders, Carlsen Play As 700 Couples Open Formal Season At Military Sail With all the pageantry and effectiveness traditional to military social events, the University’s cadet corp last night ushered in the formal season with the annual Military Ball. Atnine o’clock last night, seven hundred couples “took over” the Union and held sway until one this morning. Two bands, Joe Sanders and his hi n ——
Nighthawks in the ballroom, and Bill Carlsen and his “Band of a Million Thrills” in the cafeteria, entertained the dancing couples. Both Chicago bands lived up to the greatest^expectations of the ball-goers. Honorary Pledges As a climax to the gay evening. Scabbard and Blade, senior military honorary, announced the list of pledges for the first semester. The list as announced last night follows: Associate Major J. G. White, Capt. C. L. Boyle, Capt. R. E. Hattan, Capt. B. A. Tormey, Capt R. B. Hubard. Seniors A. R. Shackleton, P. T. Cooper, K. L. Mulholland, W. 0. McWorkman, J. E. Nitsche, F. H. Hurst, J. I. Dean, W. M. Hilt, W. E. Madden, J. W. Cochrun, H. W. Soderstrom, V. L. McConnell, W. E. Sprever, R. H. Conkline, R. E. Stradling, J. E. Dailey, H. K. Clark, G. B. Meginnis, R. P. Seale, E. L. Sanders, E. Carlquisl, H. E. Meeker, H. S. Laycock, J. M. Rice. Band Members I R. W. Bonner, V. T. Hitchcock. Juniors L. V. Teeter, L. P, Stallwood, K. T. Kettenring, E. L. Blakeslee, W. G. Meese. At 10:30, the grand march formed with Cadet Colonel Lyles, his date, Mary Newberry, and Cadet Lt.Colonel Dyer Butterfield and his date, Virginia Gould, at the head of the long line of uniformed men and formally gowned ladies. Particularly colorful were the full dress uniforms of the commissioned officers of the staff.
Prof. 0. F. Hall
... of the history, economics and government department, will be in Chicago, 111., today to participate in a conference to consider a closer and more effective cooperation between the land grant colleges of the Middle West and the several church schools interested in the training of rural ministers and other rural social leaders. Rej^resentatives of eleven state schools and twice that number from church schools will be in the conference.
Dr. William Beebe Addresses Convo Monday Evening Dr. William Beebe, fahied scientist, explorer, writer, and lecturer,' will speak Monday at 8 o’clock in Memorial Gym at the fourth convocation of the present semester. His lecture subject is “500 Fathoms Deep.” Dr. Beebe has travelled over the globe studying the habits of fish, animals, birds, and insects for the New York Zoological Society. It is not of these interesting experiences that he will speak, but rather of the harrowing incidents that befell him in a more recent series of adventures. Approximately eight years ago he became interested in submarine exploration. After much experimentation, he finally constructed the bathysphere as a means of viewing life in the ocean depths. From the small portholes of the hollow steel ball. Dr. Beebe and his assistant observed strange sights never before seen by man. However, due to the great depth at which they operated, about half a mile, it was impossible to operate a moving picture. Their only source of light in the inky blackness was their powerful searchlight, which penetrated the surrounding darkness for a few feet. Many slides and cartoons, though, have been made and will be used to illustrate the lecture. Speaking informally, just as he writes, he will recount interesting stories of his undersea research. i
Dr. E. C. Young
... of the Farm Management department, journeyed to Louisville yesterday where he served as one of the judges for the 1939 Home and Farm Improvement Contest, sponsored each year by the CourierJournal and Louisville Times.
Maybe She's As Pretty As You Think She IsBe Sure, Put Her In The Debris Contest
By Donna Siess ^
“A pretty girl is like a melody,” so goes the song, and judging from the array of beauty displayed on our campus we may hear lilting strains floating around here every day. Smooth, sweet, fresh, rhirthmic melody typifies the beauty queens of our University. To what do we owe this eulogy? Didn’t you know? It’s
time to select the 1940 Debris beauty queens.
Does the lady of your heart have beauty of face? Is your Venus de Milo of shapely form? Maybe the one and only has a carriage that is just the thing. Another quality, that of poise, may be possessed by this certain one. If you do know such a delectable bit of femininity, eds, let’s see her name in the entry box at the west desk in the Union. These are the qualities upon which this year’s beauties are to be judged. Your girl may be one of the 24 to decorate the beauty section of this year’s Debris. She may even be one of the four
who rate a full page picture.
Never has the beauty contest been just an ordinary event. In 1924, the year of the launching of the contest, pictures of the candidates were sent to Hollywood where a masculine favorite picked the four finalists. Surely the name of Richard Barthelemess is familiar to you. It was even more familiar to the four queens of 1925 who were selected by star Barthelemess.
Classic, Irish, winsome, petite, regal, demure expressed in the opinion of the judges the necessary qualities of the ’26 queens. The following year each sorority and organized house entered five girls for the finals, and from this group an Indianapolis artist se-
lected six.
|t seems that in ’29 and ’30 the eds had the last word as the beauties those years were chosen by male students picked at random. The beauties of 1931 and 1934 were chosen by the critical eye of Elmer Tafiingrer, who had made selections for the Ziegfeld Pollies, and he knew his galsl In ’36 and ’37 four and eight queens were chosen, respectively, but there is no record of
the choosing.
In 1938 Reid Winsey, Professor of Pine Arts at DePauw; Alfred Cole, editor of 1988 Arbutus; and Paul Hawkins, a commercial artist chose the four queens. Last year the judging was done by Eleanor Nagle, editor of Thru the Looking Glass column of the Chicago Tribune; Elmer Taflinger, now prominent Indianapolis artist, and Jerry Carlon, official photographer. We agree with one former judge who said, “Purdue co-eds are not goons.” It’s up to you, eds, to enter the cream of the crop and prove this statement.
Mixer Maestro
Bernie Vance , . . and his University of Illinois campus band will play for tonight’s mixer in the Union ballroom from nine to twelve. The regular dollar price will prevail. In addition to vocalist Bob Stebbins, Vance’s band features “The Three Aces” and “The Three Deuces,” brass and vocal trios respectively. Harkness Concludes Emphasis Program With Talk Before 400 Miss Georgia Harkness concluded the foregoing week’s series of convocations and seminars in emphasis upon religion last night at Fowler Hall when she spoke on “Religious Living” from 7:30 to 8:30 o’clock. There were about 400 persons present for this last convo of the week. Religious Emphasis Week officially opened here at the University with the first convocation on Sunday night with Albert W. Palmer, president of the Chicago Theological Seminary, speaking on “The Religion of an Educated Man.” However, the opening here at the University was preceded by several days of preparation by the worldfamous visiting speakers and organizers who have been responsible for this past week’s observance. Throughout the week there have been evening convocations, and afternoon seminars, all dealing with subjects ranging from war and religion to prei)aration for marriage. Attendance and interest of the student body .have been high. Haahe Will Speak To Women's Club Dn Albert P. Haahe, managing director of the National Wholesale Furniture Association, will speak on “Techniques for Solving the Problems of Business” to the Purdue Women’s Club on Monday night, November 27, at 8:30 o’clock in Fowler Hall. After Haahe’s talk. Dr. Lillian Gilbreth will conduct an open forum concerning business problems. Miss Muriel McFarland ... of the Home Economics Education staff, accompanied by Miss Helen Hartman, Mrs. Jeannette Parvis, and Miss Evelyn Swaim, of the same staff, attended the State Teachers Ti'aining Conference at Indiana University yesterday. Miss McFarland led the section on Home Economies in a discussion on “Problems of Inducting Student Teachers Into Extra Class Activities.”
PROBABLE STARTING LINEUPS WISCONSIN PURDUE Moeller LE Rankin Gile :LT .A. Rossi Eolbusz LG Bykowski Doyle (Acting Captain) -C Momingstar Embick RG Miller Dorsch RT L. Johnson Lorenz RE Mackiewicz Farris QB Hennis R. Peterson .LH...., Brown York RH Brock Paskavan FB i DeWitt OFFICIALS—Referee, Fred Gardner, Cornell; Umpire, W. D. Knight, Dartmouth; Fiejd Judge, John GetcheU, St. Thomas; Head Linesman, Sec Taylor, Wichita. Facing what Coach Mai Elward terms as “our biggest game of the season,” the Boilermaker grid forces will tangle with “Lighthorse” Harry Stuhldreher’s Wisconsin eleven at Madison, Wis., this afternoon. It will be a desperate Cardinal eleven that the Riveters face as the victory starved Badgers will be primed for a supreme effort before a capacity Homecoming
gathering.
The Badgers, who have had difficulty this year in immerging from games on the right side of the score, will be out to avenge a rather embarrassing defeat handed them last season by a “Byelene inspired” Purdue eleven.. After pushing the Gold and Black lads all over the premises during the first half and enjoying a comfortable 6-0 lead, the Boilermakers came back in the second period and with Mike Byelene doing everything but sinking the Wisconsin capital in Lake Mendota, took the decision over the Badgers by a score of 13-6. BROADCASTS—WBAA, Lafayette; WFBM, Indianapolis; WIBA, Madison; WHA, University of Wisconsin; WTMJ, Milwaukee. Chance For 'Title ' 'The Boilermakers on the other hand will be out gxmning for their second Big Ten victory and a mathematical chance for top conference honors. A win over the Badgers today and a victory in next week’s “Oaken Bucket” encounter with the Hoosiers, would assure the Riveters of third place and a fair chance to finish in the runner-up perch. Biggest worry of the Boilermakers, who have' yielded only two touchdowns in three Big Ten games, both to Minnesota, was George Paskavan, hard-hitting Badger fullback. George, who leads the conference in ground gained, has been the main cog in the Wisconsin attack and is expected to cause the invader? plenty of trouble. Episcopal Students
Pop Doan Displays 'Old Oaken Budcet' At Final Pep Rally Approximately 300 students paraded to the Big Pour station last night to see the team off for Madison, Wis., where the team will tangle with the Wisconsin Badgers this afternoon. Since there will not be an opportunity to have a session next week, this parade must suffice for both the Wisconsin and Indiana
games.
At the station Prof. C. S. “Pop” Doan gave a brief talk concerning the Old Oaken Bucket which, under protection of Gimlets and Reamers, was on exhibit. He was followed in rapid succession by Doc Miller, Doc Anderson^and Rev. Gleason. Each urged the team on to victory and suggested that the next link on the bucket be a “P.” Dave Rankin and Red Shackleton gave the team’s side of the situation and promised that they would do their best. At 5:48 the team left for Madison, where today they will BEAT WISCONSIN.
Harry Poll
.... ChE ’41, has been announced as the winner of the collegiate ear-ry-about radio contest at the University and will receive a Biew portable radio as first prize.
Poultry Department Will Furnish Turkeys For Holiday Dinners
By Jim Purcell Can’t tell yet just when Thanksgiving will be, but we know one thing: There’ll be plenty of turkey meat on hand for it if the University Poultry Department personnel can help it. Right now they are dressing between 325 and 400 turkeys that will be eaten at Thanksgiving and Christmas holiday dinners. Locally Sold Most of these dressed turkeys will be sold locally, to Lafayette markets. Lots of them, though, will go home with University students for their family tables over the holidays. Hail, ye-old-festive meat! Generally speaking, there are two kinds of holiday dinners, big and small. To take care of both kinds, the Poultry Department has for sale two sizes o^ turkeys, big and slightly smaller. Professor E. E. Schnetzler of the Poultry Department says that the turkeys that have been served to the large families in the past (when thei'e were large families!) are al-
most too much to eat for the modern family. To keep the ball rolling, the Poultry Department has developed an 8%-ponnd female turkey for these modern, small families. But if ten hungry, roaring brats have to be fed, then the Poultry Department has a 13-pound female bird that will fit the bill. This difference of 4% pounds is considered a saving to the smaller families. Tom Turkeys Out Tom turkeys are going out of style this year, according to the Poultry Department, for they think that they are too darned big for the average family’s consumption. Of course, with the smaller turkey, we’ll all miss the soups and stew that have traditionally, but not necessarily, followed the holiday dinners in the past. The turkeys are being picked by Poultry students, and will be dressed by Poultry majors. “Yum, Yum! Mama, buy me that big, juicy bird!”Ti
r
' Wf *'‘y' "'*^y
»,1;' '' -f' .‘vf
Kpi;"
IW
1
I I ^ f '&
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturdoyf November 18/ 19^9
But
Incidentally—
By Vladimir
For two years we’ve left the EE building on the average of two afternoons per week. For two years we’ve walked south, down behind Mike’s castle and the CE building. For two years, with the exception of the year when the Union was torn up, we’ve walked in the north door of the Union. We still want to know when the guy with the brickedin window of the Union Club is going to get on the ball and let in some light. Maybe he’s getting submarine silly like Grover Whalen. * * *
Speaking of “osis’s” and “fobias,” we just got the two differentiated to our satisfaction last night at Harry’s. Our cohort accused us of having CV-label-fobia just because we were raised on Drewrygrams and still can’t resist scratching the labels off and diddling with them. Third man in the party couldn’t define osis, but he was sure that fobia referred to “the fear of doing something” . . . like name-phobia or the fear of forgetting names ... he believes that our disease could more accurately be diagnosed as labelosis. Personally, we don’t care what they call it.
If the Republicans don’t come to our assistance pretty soon, barber shop talk may begin ruiming like this: “When’s your birthday, Joe?” “Well, it’s either the second or third Thursday in May, depending upon which day is farther removed from April Fool’s Day.” “Yea, we got to think of the merchants these days.” Something like a little congressional action ought to be taken pretty soon. What if FDR would take it into his head to postpone New Year’s Day. Maybe the guy who lost the thirty-dollars-every-Thursday cause in California could take up the banner of the poor nervous American public in this new national emergency of date moving. « *
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Iiafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Idonday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50.
Editorial Board
K. E. Insley.. W. E. Smith..
.Editor-in-Chlef Business Manager
D. G. Terrio Editorial Director G. W. Frederick Managing Editor K M. Antonini Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling _..Oo-ed Editor R. Jenkins Sports Editor
Junior Staff
Editorial R. F. DeHoog R. W. Donahue D. K. Heiple J. H. McKee M. L. Mien J. C. Willser D.
Business R. Fisher R. HaU A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, Sec. J. Henninger, Art
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marauis M.M.Ki^d8 Co-ed M. Burtsfleld G. Carroll B. Simpson Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
RBPRBBBNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINQ BY
Natiimal Advertising Service, Inc. CoHege Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICASO ■ BOITOR • LOt AHalLBE * SAR FBARCItCO
This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue Univeialty. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student carinio^, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint.
All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Saturday, November 18, 1989 Night Editoiv-Miers Issue Editor—Skallerup
Someone was interviewing K. D. Wood of CAA fame the other day over WBAA.
Everything went smoothly until K. D. lost his place in the script. “. .. and do you think the CAA training offered here at Purdue has done anything to stimulate aeronautics in the University?” A long moment of silence . . . Then a thin scrawny whisper... “Where are we ?” “Page five.” “Yes, I think so.”
JomoMoiv, 9n.
JJte ChiVudhsA,
To Head Ag Farms
Baptist Students Roger Williams Club of the West Lafayette Baptist Church. 9:30 a. m.—Class. Ted Noss, teacher. 10:35 a. m.—Message by Joseph Baird Gleason, “Spiritual Thanksgiving.” 5:30 p. m.—Home hour and lunch. 6:30 p. m.—Devotions, Parks Thompson. Discussion leader, Helen Cox.
Methodist Students 9:30 a. m.—Co-ed class, taught by Mrs. McFadden at the Foundation. Men’s class, at the church. Prof. Howland will talk on “Civil Engineering and Ethics.” 10:40 a. m.—Morning Service. Dr. Steele will preach. 5:00 p. m.—^Fellowship Supper at the Foundation House, 435 State street. 6:30 p. m.—^University Epworth League. Panel discussion by Charles Fearnot, Jane FairbanksX Bill Harris and others on “What I Got Out of Religious Emphasis Week.”
Legitimate Stage Returns To Mars Theater Today
Bringing back the “legitimate theater” to Lafayette, the Mars will present four Broadway plays with all-star casts this season, the series opening tonight with “What a Life” highly successful New York comedy, with every member of the cast a star of the first magnitude in the amusement field.
This is an opportunity for Lafayette to support a movement to bring the living theater back. Here is an opportunity presented by movit interests because they realize that there is an honest place in the entertainment sun for both the stage and screen.
Warren M. McVey
McVey Will Succeed Reed As Farm Head
Poultry Club Names Show Committee
Warren M. McVey will succeed Dean Harry J. Reed of the Agriculture school as superintendent of the University’s outlying experimental farms and fields on January 1, 1940.
The executive committee for the 1940 Egg and Chick Show was announced Thursday night at the Poultry Club meeting in the Poultry building.
Episcopal Students Services and meetings at St. John’s Church, 6th and Ferry Sts. 8:00 a. m.—Holy Communion. 10:46 a. m.—Morning Service. 6:00 p. m.—Seabury Club supper. 7 ;00 p. m.—^Program. Address by Prof. Victor Albjerg.
McVey is now supervising several large farms in Illinois as a representative of their insurance company owners. He graduated from Ohio State University, and taught five years in the Animal Husbandry department at the University.
Clifford Breeden of West Lafayette is manager. Jack Morthland of Valparaiso is assistant manager, Marion Jackson of Dugger is chairman of the exhibits committee, and Glenn Searcey of Patriot is chairman of the publicity committee. '
Presbyterian and Congregational Students Morning program at Central Presbyterian Church. 9:30 a. m.—Student Discussion Group led by Mr. Findley. Significant points of Religious Emphasis Week. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Worship. Sermon by the pastor. Dr. W. R. Graham. - Evening program at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz St. 6:00 p. m.—Supper, followed by address by Prof. Louis M. Sears.
An Ohio State University sociology class survey shows that the social distance between members of a class is great—but there was a high degree of “interaction” reported between students and their teachers. Which explains why “An Apple for the Teacher” is a popular theipe song!
Danger drew him as a magnet draws
4 BIG DAYS'
STARTS SUNDAY
MARS
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
—■ WITH — CHARLES BICKFORD
■ AND —
'TEXAS STAMPEDE' _ WITH — CHARLES STARRETT
—ALSO —
loMtPAHGtR
SUNDAY - MONDAY ROSE OF WASHINGTON SQUARE FLYING IRISHMAN MICKEY MOUSE
If you get up this morning with a smile on ydur face then we can rest assured that you did have a good time last night at the Ball. In any event let’s forget the whole thing and look forward to vacation. —B&B—
. . . and speaking of smiles just take a look at Jim Chase today. He imported his dream-girl from Louisville and spent the last twelve hours holding hands with her. —B & B— Dear Editor: After noticing the imports roaming about the Union all afternoon, I am convinced that we eds have done our co-eds a grave injustice by saying that they aren’t up to par. I have made jip my mind that I am going to call “Goon’s Castle” (WRH West) tonight and date a queen (?). The Observer. —B & B—
. . . this is where we came in so let’s fall out and go to the PEP session. Before we go let us remind you that every week there is a DOUBLE MARS PASS presented to the contributor of the best Contrib, whether it be dirt, poems or any original ditty. —B &B— Don’t FORGET TO MEET YOUR FOOTBALL TEAM TOMORROW.
School Executives
Attend Conference
With consideration of the rural aspects of the guidance problem throughout the state public schools as their main objective, over 300 school administrators from all parts of the state gathered at the University yesterday for the fifth annual Guidance Conference. The conference continues this morning. R. B. Stewart, University controller, delivered the welcoming address to the school administrators yesterday afternoon. Dr. George S. Stoddard, dean of the graduate school of the University of Iowa; Dr. Gilbert C. Wrenn, professor of education of the University of Minnesota, and Dr. E. L. Kelly, associate professor of psychology at the University, were speakers in yesterday’s meeting. Robert Ross, superintendent of schools of Monticello, presided over the meeting! Dr. Stoddard spoke last night at a dinner meeting of the school administrators on “The I. Q. in a Nutshell.” .
What Is College?
To one great phrase-maker, college is the apprenticeship of life. To us, college means all this, and more, too. It means study and research, athletics and activities, community living and bullsessions, parties and performances, classes and examinations, grades and graduation. Add to these the thousand and one events of a college career, and you get the true answer to “What is College?" And to get a true picture of all phases of college life, readers of this paper get accurate local news in our own columns and "national college news in picture and paragraph" in our Collegiate Digest picture section, Follow Collegiate Digest's picture parade, and complete local news regularly in this newspaper.
Send your pictures of activities on our campus to; Collegiate Digest Section, Minneapolis, Minn,
The Purdue Exponent
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
T have the grandest new press agent—I've been robbed of my jewels, my house burned down and I received three extortion notes—all in one week!”
K. W. Detzer Visits Campus, Collects Ideas For Digest
Craig To Address Forestry Students
Karl W. Detzer, of Reader’s Digest magazine staff, was a guest at the University the last two days, gathering ideas for stories. Mr. Detzer has been in the middle west for the last week. He left for Indianapolis today and from there will head for Chicago. The campus produced several ideas for stories and Mr. Detzer expects to come back to follow up.
Since inauguration of an unlimited cut system, Williams College reports a steady improvement in
Johnston C. Craig, area forest technician of the Soil Conservation Service of Bedford, will talk to forestry students at 7:30 o’clock Tuesday night in the Horticulture building. Craig, who is a graduate forester of the University of Michigan, will present and discuss soil conservation problems that face graduate foresters, and will atterfipt to encourage student foresters to help solves these problems.
the grade average of seniors
\
MIDNIGHT PREVUE TONITE 11:30
'ML PLANES GROUNDEOr
Bui TcdlGpin Tommy soars a mile high in a battered crate ... bucking a roaring gale...without a porachutel
IT'S A FIRST RUN HIT
-todaydouble FEATURE
WOMEN IN THE WIND — WITH — KAY FRANCIS WILLIAM GARGAN
— PLUS — SABOTAGE
_ WITH — GORDON OLIVER ARLEEN WHALEN
LAST DAY
RANDOLPH SCOTT PRESTON FOSTER — IN —
'20/000 MEN A YEAR'
LUHA
SUNDAY - MONDAY
RALPH RICHARDSON C. AUBREY SMITH
IN
nmm
iUMMlJIlIBg
IN TECHNICOLOR
PLUS —
—LAST TIMES TODAY—
JOHNNY MACK BROWN — IN — 'OKLAHOMA FRONTIER'
— AND — 'HEAVEN WITH A BARBED WIRE FENCE'Saturday. November 18. 1939
£xflOfULnL c^E20%6L fi£XqSL
Riveter Gmntmen Will Begin Practice After Thanksgiving Varsity wrestlers under the leadership of Captain Willey will start regular practice on Novefaber 27. The Boilermaker mat men face a tough schedule consisting of nine meets, six of which are conference meets. The season’s climax will be the Big Ten meet held here in early March. The schedule as yet hasn’t been approved by the faculty, and dates of the meets are therefore not definite. However, the season will open in the early part of December. Coach Reeck has the nucleus of a very fine team in the boys returning from last year’s squad. Wrestling in the 121-128 pound division are: Fredericks, Boyd, and Allmen. In the 136 pound class: Lindeman, Linderman, and Timms. Papurca at 145 pounds, Captain Willey at 165 pounds, Post and Montgomery at 166 pounds, Arons'on and Schreiber at 176 pounds, and the Rossi brothers, A1 and Italo, in the heavyweight class, complete the roster of the squad. In spite of the tough schedule which the team has to fill. Coach Reeck feels that he has the material for a team that will really do a good job in representing Purdue. In terms of wins and losses, he estimated that the team should wrin at least half of their meets. Foreign Students Will Attend Party Students from other lands will be guests of the Wesley Foundation at a Thanksgiving party in the Foimdation house tonight at 7:30. A program has been planned in which the various foreign students will give a talk in their native language. T. J. Tsai is planning a program of Chinese music and Edwardo Biascoechea is arranging some Latin-American music. Games and refreshments will follow. All American students and especially those students from foreign lands are invited by the committee to attend.
The Scorecard By Rolfe Jenkins Today’s Scorecard guesses: Purdue 19, Wisconsin 0. Ohio State 13, Illinois 0. Iowa 7, Minnesota 14. Notre Dame 14, Northwestern 7. Chicago 7, Oberlin 6. Michigan State 20, Indiana 7. Pennsylvania 0, Michigan 27. Georgia Tech 14, Alabama 0. Columbia 7, Tulane 20. Dartmouth 0, Cornell 7. Holy Cross 13, Carnegie Tech 7. Fordham 20, St. Mary’s 7. Pittsburgh 13, Nebraska 7. Duke 0, North Carolina 7. Missouri 0, Oklahoma 6. Oregon State 14, California 0. Syracuse 7, Colgate 13. Santa Clara 13, UCLA 7. ' Yale 0, Princeton 14. Tennessee 14, Vanderbilt 0. Finalist In Greek Touchball Tourney T0 Play Under Lights Semi-finals of the inter-fratemity touchball tourney are to be played off at the varsity practice field under the lights Monday evening. The first of the two games, both of which should prove to be close battles, is to be between the Kappa Sigs, who were victorious in the softball tourney, and the Phi Kappa Taus, wunners of last year’s tourney and unscored upon this year. This game at 7 o’clock will be followed at 8 by an encounter between the Theta Chis, runners-up in last year’s tourney, and the Phi Kappa Sigs. The teams that are victorious in these games are to meet Tuesday night at the same time and place in the final encounter of the tourney. The house whose team wins this tilt will receive a trophy while the players will be awarded with medals. Twenty per cent of Boston University’s students are the victims of problems arising out of our complex social and industrial order.
M^S TONIGHT AT 8:15 THE MOST SIPE-SPLITTINQ BRaADWAY COMEDY OF ALL'
JACKIE COOGAN with FRANK McGLYNN JOSEPHINE DUNN • CYRILLA DORNE And All Star Broadway Cast R YEARS ON BROADWAY NEW YORK
AIL SEATS RESERVED ADM.
BOX OFFICE OPEN II :00 A. M. — PHONE 7903
EYES OYER THE CAMPUS
Giinara "«y«s''Bre blinking on the nation's campuses to record •very activity and event of interest and importance to you. Each bllnic means another graphic picture of college life— and the best of these thousands of photos are brought to you In our Collegiate Digest picture section. Accurately and graphically explained with write-ups that tell the complete story behind each picture. Collegiate Digest's photos give you a true record of campus life today. Follow this college picture parade regularly in The Purdue Exponent
fend yoBr dI^cs EMmHts tot Collefllata Digest Bta^ Minneapolis, Minn. Al para for al regaiar editorial raleSb
Jvilies on our >n, }23 Fawkes photos used are
Tankmen Prepare For Opening Meet, Annual Aguacade In anticipation of the coming meet with the Fort Wayne YMCA on December 2, the Riveter swimming squad is now working feverishly to put the polishing touches on the various events. So far Coach Papenguth is well pleased with the showing the boys are making at daily practice. With time on the breast and the back strokes being cut down to where it will bring results in the way of victories, Papenguth expressed his opinion that the team would make a strong showing during the coming season. As endurance is the prime factor in any swimming event, the Boilermaker paddlers are building up their stamina with daily workouts consisting of swimming one-half mile, kicking for a half-mile, pulling for a half-mile without the use of the feet and then ending the grueling workout with a fast quarter mile swim. Aquacade On Deck Also gaining interest in the way of water sports ,is the" coming Aquacade, which is to be held at the Fieldhouse pool on December 16 and 16. This year the show will be ,of special interest because of the fact that in the course of the events many of the old records will be expected to be broken and new times set. All records that are broken during the meet will be officially recognized, for the speed and distance events will be sanctioned by the A. A. U. with their accurate watches. One man to watch will be Williamson, a freshman, who will endeavor to break the American breast stroke record. Plenty of talent will be on hand to thrill and chill the spectators. All those who visited Billy Rose’s Aquacade at the New York World’s Pair will remember Larry Griswald, probably known as the world’s greatest gymnast. At the Pair, Griswald thrilled the audience with his breath-taking performance on the fiying rings over the pool. Here at our own Aquacade, Griswald will demonstrate his skill as a comic diver. Appearing along with Griswald will be Katherine Rawls, who will demonstrate her championship swimming technique. Also scheduled to appear on the same program is Adolph Kiefer, holder of the world’s back stroke record.
Forty-seven per cent of the Harvard upperclassmen are candidates for honors at graduation.
ChoicsL By Robert J. Deckard Easy enough it is to see from game scores on record in this year’s campaign that the Purdue Boilermal^r football outfit is a better squad than the Wisconsin Badger team, whom the former meets on the gridiron today at Madison, Wis. But a closer perusal of the respective games the two have played this season reveals that there is a possible upset act on the program for this afternoon. —^fc— The Badgers in several tilts have been as off form as a four-sided tri--angle in several entanglements with opponents this fall... Indiana beat 'em, 14 to 0; Texas won 17 to 7; Illinois socked the Badgers 7 to 0. I —^fc— But the North Woods, contingent scored 13 points against Iowa, although getting beat; the Boilermakers didn’t dare cross the Hawkeye goal line . . . The Badgers garnered seven points versus Northwestern; the Riveters were outplayed for three quarters and in the last period managed to kick a field goal for the first time in only heaven knows when. —^fc— The fact, therefore, is definitely ^substantiated that the Badgers are chuck-full of scoring punch . . . They possess spirit and fine morale . . . Generally, the Badgers have been playing better ball versus opponents than the Boilermakers. —^fc— The Badgers, as of today, are a case for psychologists ... They have not won a game since they eked out the season’s opener from Marquette 14 to 13 . . . But they believe the tables are about to turn . .. But the question is when . . . The Badgers say today. —^fc— Although both teams utilize the Notre Dame system, the Badgers’ plays comparable to that of the Badgers are so complicated that the Einstein theory is simple as Simon to the layman . . . FC understands that the Badgers negotiated some plays'i;hat were even hard for the officials of the Illinois-Wisconsin game to follow. —^fc— Don’t assume too much of an optimistic attitude today . . . Wiscon-
GOING HOME FOR THANKSGIVING? Travel in Student Parties to Chicago, Cleveland, Buffalo and New York WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 22nd CHICAGO NEW YORK Lv. Lafayette 2:42 p.m. C.T. Lv. Lafayette 12:30 p.m. C.T. Ar. Chicago 5:35 p.m. C.T. Ar. New York.* 8:00 a m. E.T.
CLEVELAND and BUFFALO
Lv. Lafayette 12:30 p.m. C.T. Ar. Cleveland 8:15 pm. E.T. Ar. Buffalo 11:59 p.m. E.T. Tickets for the above points must be arranged for and purchased at Student Senate Otice, Room "A", Union Building between,
3:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m., Sat., Nov. 18
4 00 p m. to 5:45 p.m., Mon., Nov. 20
4:00 p.m. to 5:45 p.m., Tues., Nov. 21 7:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m., Tues., Nov. 21
NEW YORK CENTRAL SYSTEM
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Florists
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST ^]9Vz Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
mini Face Ohio State In Top Big Ten Encounter With each week’s series of upsets causing early season prognosticators, who picked Michigan a “cinch” for the Big Ten championship, with Northwestern’s Purple the only serious contender, to bury their heads deeper into the sands of oblivion, the screwy pace at which the Conference has been traveling will be somewhat abated this week, with only three Big Ten tilts on tap for Saturday.
Carrying the torch in this week’s of games will be the Ohio
State^llinois battle at Columbus. Coach Bob Zuppke’s unpredictable mini, who provided the surprise game of the year when they knocked Michigan’s potential national championship team off their high pinnacle, will be watched with great interest today as they go into battle against the league-lead-ing Buckeyes. Zuppke, in keying the team for the game, did not address his players collectively, but talked with each of the boys individually in an attempt to arouse in them the courageous spirit which made Tom Harmon look like “just
another back.”
Hawks Face Golden Gophers Iowa’s versatile attack, which has dealt knockout punches to all of Indiana’s “Big Three,” and has boosted the Hawkeyes into second place in the Conference standing, will be launched against the former “Mighty Gophers” of Minnesota. The Gophers have had only a mediocre season thus far, but have shown mighty bursts of power, notably in their last week’s victory
over Michigan.
Defend Big Ten Prestige The remaining four members of the conference will engage non-con-ference foes, attempting to bring the Big Ten Batting average against outside foes above the .500 mark. At present the conference teams have won only 9 out of twenty contests with non-members of the Big Ten, the worst average held
in several years.
Attracting national interest, the renewal of the Notre Dame-North-western feud at South Bend will provide one of the nation's headliners. Both the Wildcats and the Irish are in ugly moods after both of them lost close tilts last week to Purdue and Iowa, respectively. Wolverines Meet Penn Michigan’s slipping Wolverines will travel east this week to engage a strong Pennsylvania eleven. The former all-mighty Wolverines have dropped down to a tie for fifth place in the Conference standing. Completing Saturday’s card of attractions, the Hoosiers from Indiana will travel to East Lansing to meet Charlie Bachman’s revived Spartans of Michigan State, while the lowly Maroons of Chicago are given an even chance to defeat an Oberlin College eleven in the Windy
City.
Intramural Office Issues Rules For Greek Net Tourney Practice games in preparation for
the coming intramural basketball competition are now being waged on the Fieldhouse hardwood, and will continue until November 27. At this time actual competition will start, with scheduled games taking
the floor.
The intramural department has set down the following rules which will govern the net battles, and which were formulated as a result of past experiences. They are: 1. Basketball shoes with black composition soles will not be per-
mitted on the floor.
2. Spectators will not be permitted on the playing floor, but must
remain in the balcony.
3. The line-up should be placed in the scorebook at least five min-
utes before game time.
4. All serious injuries should be reported immediately to Dr. Miller or Larry Imhoff. Minor injuries, such as floor burns, may be treated with first aid equipment obtained from the check-out service.
BASKETBALL
Monday
Court 1—M. Aronson.
7 :00—Ward 14 vs. Ward 11. 7 :15—Ward 1 vs. Ward 29. 8:1&--Ward 26 vs. Ward 30. 8:30—Ward 24 vs. Ward 13. Court 2—C. H. Rechenbach. 7 :00—Ward 26 vs. Ward 21. 7 :16—Ward 28 vs. Ward 22. 8:15—Ward 31 vs. Ward 8. 8 :30—^Ward 7 vs. Ward 35.
Court 3—F. Kinder.
7 :00—^Ward 12 vs. Ward 4. 7:15—Ward 32 vs. Ward 33. 8 :16—^Ward 10 vs. Ward 34. 8:30—Chinese Club vs. Ward 36.
TOUCHBALL
Monday
Field Official 7—Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 10. Mann-Brinduse On Varsity Practice Field 7 :00 p. m.—Theta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. McGrath-Papurca 8:00 p.m.—Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Luce-Adams
^
sin has the habit of upsetting Purdue ... In 1893 it fooled experts, winning 36 to 20 . . . Throughout the years upsets continued ... In 1931 the Boilermakers came home with a 21-14 drubbing, although pre-game favorites ... In 1936 the same thing happened except thal the score was 8 to 0 . . . The cycle of upsets ran over four-year periods, and 1939 is the fourth year.
Union College has abandoned debating in favor of forum meetings.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Uclity
“I do miss Wilbur since we broke our engagement—1 keep thinking of things, to say to him that would bqm him up!”r V, 'im
"I-'
s
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturdayr Noveinber 16« 1939
Boilermakers Face (Continued from page 1) Lineup Shulfled Several nevr faces are likely to make their appearance in the starting lineup as a result of the Northwestern game and a score of injuries that have cropped up on the Boilermaker squad. William Neif, a junior tackle and a native of Madison, Wis., may get his chance to show his stuff before the home folks, while there is a chance that Basil Petry at center and Jim Miller at guard may break into the opening personnel. Lou Brock, who was hurt in Tuesday’s scrimmage, may not be able to start, in which case Wisconsin’s big headache, Mike Byelene, will be moved into an opening spot. The Boilermaker squad of 36 left for Chicago late yesterday afternoon following a light drill and spent the night in the Windy City before leaving for Madison this morning. 4-H Club to Fete In Memorial Gym All 4-H club members and their guests will be entertained tonight at a party given in Memorial (Jymnasium from 8 to 11. The party is being sponsored by a committee made up of former 4-H club mem-
bers.
A special program has been planned, consisting of games and dancing. All gym equipment will be made available to those attending the affair, it was announced by the committee. Refreshments will also be served. Tickets for the party can be purchased at the door for 10 cents each. Maury, McCrady To Play For Dance Irvan Maury and Harry McCrady will conduct their orchestras this afternoon in the ballroom of the Union from 3 to 5 o’clock, playing alternate pieces for the first charity tea dance of the year under the sponsorship of PI A and Student Cooperative Association. Proceeds from the dance will go to the Salvation Army. Price of admission is 25c or the equivalent in foodstuffs. Periodic announcements of the Wisconsin-Purdue game score will be made. '
PI A T0 Select Five Mohiman Entries Purdue Independent Association members interested in forensic activities will have an opportunity to prove their ability in the Mohiman intramural discussion competition. Five members will be selected to represent the organization. Co-eds are eligible for positions on the team as well as men. The Mohiman contest this year will have as a subject, “Propaganda
Pro and Con.”
All those members interested in taking part in this activity should call Irving Smulevitz at 66004 as soos as possible. Eliminations made on the basis of the applications will be made Monday night.
Classified
MISCELLANEOUS BOARD AND ROUM—Available January 1st,' Junior or Senior, $25 month. Phone 6862.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—L. C. Smith typewriter. Factory rebuilt. Excellent condition. $30. 511 Dodge. Phone 36484. PIANO FOR SALE, trade or rent. Also tuning and repairing. Clingenpeal Piano Shop. 530 Northwestern. Phone 6289. :
A SH0RT^"SH0RT" STORY *B. V. D. All-ways Stretch Seat Shorts 35c and 50c These Shorts need no superlatives. They are morp comfortable because of an entirely new principle df design. Bend, twist, turn and stretch and the seat of this Short stretches with you. Pleated fullness for proper drape. Linen sewn buttons. Guaranteed washable by 2000 commercial laundries.
Newmen, Stenzil, Pickerel, Wasson, Suesse, have been assigned work nights. Please check with schedule in office. (11-19) —FRED.
Theta Alpha Phi; Actives and pledges meet in Reception room of Union at 5 p. m., Sunday, November 19. All be there promptly and meeting will be short. Bring 25c meeting dues. —HETTEMA.
Lambda. Kappa: Skating party Sunday. November 19, from 2 to 4 p. m. Meet in the Union main lobby at 1:46 p. m. All Lutheraii students are invited. —STEPHENS.
tures Saturday morning, November 18, will be held in Fowler Hall instead of separate schools as announced. ,—KNAPP.
office by Thursday, November 28. —brooks
Kappa Delta Pi: Initiation at 7 p. m. in room 5 of the Education building Tuesday, November 21. Attendance is compulsory. —LILLY.
PI A Members: All those interested in taking part in the Mohiman discussions call me as soon as possible. Phone 66004. —SMULEVITZ.
Fencers: All men who have had previous experience in fencing come to the Fieldhouse, third floor, Monday, November 20, at 4 p. m. —NEPTUNE. ASME Juniors and sopnomores: Those interested in an inspection trip through the .Aluminum Co. and Ross Gear Co. Thursday afternoon, November 30,'please sign up in Prof. Cope’s office. Group will be limited to 20. —VOYLES.
Junior Military: Students who have qualified as expert gunners may draw expert gunner’s medals in the supply office of the Armory. (11-21) —PICKERING. Alpha Lambda Delta: Initiation Sunday, November 19. at 8 a. m, in room C of the Union. Actives make reservations for breakfast with Betty Morris or Mary Ann Carpenter by Friday night, November. 17. —CARPENTER.
' WAA Hockey: All-star hockey game will be played Monday night. The following girls have been chosen. Black team: McCabe, Stroy, Morris, Schroder, Beko, Blagrave, Westover, Hennis, Harrison, Ford, Emhoff. Gold team: Fishleigh, Cook, McFarland, Metzger, R. Walker, Spears, G. Walker, Weishaar, Ward, Mitch, and Kennedy. ' —McKNIGHT.
WAA: Dancing call oiit Monday, November 27, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. All co-eds interested are invited.
Cyclers: There will be a ride to Cary Camp at I p. m. Sunday, November 19. Meet at Carter’s bicycle shop. Everyone welcome. —CARSON.
Freshman Engineers: Engineering lec-
Football Ushers and Policemen: Collect your pay at ticket office in the Fieldhouse beginning 'Thursday, November 16. Bring badge. (11-18) —STAPLETON. University Choir: Compulsory attendance Sunday, November 19, at 9:16 a. m. in Eli^ Fowler Hall. Be prompt! —THORNTON. Men's All-Campus Bowling Tournament: Entries must be turned in to StudePt Union
All Seniors: Who have not had their senior pictures taken for the 1940 Debris must have them taken at the Dexheimer-Carlon Studios in Indianapolis this week. Actiyi^ charts must be .filled out at the Debris (11-19) —STRONG. CE 22 Conditions: The examinations to remove C grade in CE 22 (Elementary Structures) will be given in room 801 of CE building from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday. November 18. Please consult me at once. —SONESON ME 61 & 62: An examination for removal of conditions will be given in each of these courses on Saturday, December 2, at 1 p. m. in room 801 ME building. 90:080 Intending to take either of these exiaminations notify me before November 26. —BOLZ Kappa Delta Pi: Because of Religious Emphasis Week, the regular meeting will be postponed until Tuesday evening, November 21. —NEAL.
Student Directories: Directories are now available at the Registrar’s' office in the Executive building. Students may obtain copies by presenting their student passports. (11-20) —STONE.
PI A Dance Class; There will be a meeting Tuesday, November 21, at 7 p. m. in Memorial Gymnasium. Fees will be due. Co-eds are especially invited. .—LUTZ.
Christian Science Organiaztion: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, November 21, at 7 :30 p. m. in room C of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
Scrivener Freshmen: The following schedule will be followed for the week of November 20: Monday at 4 p. m., Marian Howard, Arch McTaggart, Helen Martin. Tuesday at 4 p. m., Lois Turner, Margaret Fuller, Ralph Luebben. —STEFFEE.
Activities Bureau: There will be a meeting of all officers, sophomores, Md interviewers, Tuesday, November 21, w 4 p. m. —JORGESQN. Pi Tau Sigma Pledges: Get list of actives from me at SAB house immediately. —OBLINGER.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main Street. LOST AND FOUND ^ LOST—In the Sweet Shop Tuesday evening, a black purse containing glasses. If found, please call Lee Bossong, 8413 or 2215.
Na notices wlU be accepted after 8 p. m.
PENALTY DATES During the present semester there are four penalty dates. They are from noon November 21 to noon November 22, November 27, December 20, and JanuaiT 4. These days represent the 24-hour periods before and after the Thanksgiving and Christmas recesses. Executive Memorandum: No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty dates.—Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file with the Dean of Men a certified, detailed statement explaining the case within Seven days following thh close of the recess petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary fee. Penalty Rule: Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the twenty four hours (not including Saturday afternoon nor Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the Cashier an extra fee of $6.00 for each twenty four hour period or fraction there- ■ of missed. M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
Seniors—Everyone who hasn’t picked up his Debris proofs as yet should do so by this Saturday noon. (11-18) .^VANHORN..
Sophomore Exponent Workers: Meeting of all editorial ed and co-ed workers Monday, November 20, at 4 p. m. in Exponent office. Drawings will be held to select positions for sophomore edition December 2. —FLETCHER.
REAL PROTECTION We not only guarantee perfection in appearance, but we guarantee any new shirt laundered exclusively by us to wear for a whole year . . . or we replace the shirt. That's real "Dated Laundered Shirt" protection and proof of confidence in our careful methods. As a matter of fact, all your wash is laundered by us with the same "Dated Laundered Shirt" care at no extra charge. MONITE MOTH PROOF DRY CLEANING . . . not only insures your suits against moths; it also insures YOU the correct appearance that you need in or'der to "get on" the way you want to!
N E CL E AN E R 5 Q F FIN E C L O t HvE $
f
Exponent Work Schedule: For editorial men has been placed on the bulletin board in the Exponent office. Changes have been made from the last schedule, and the new sophomores have been assigned to issue.
If so make your application through the medium of the Exponent Classified Column.