sV
PA System In Fieldhouse Will kelay Iowa Tilt Toiiight*s basketball game with Iowa, although not scheduled to be broadcast by any radio stations, will be described over special wire facilities through a public address systeih in the Fieldhouse tonight. ■ Giiftlet Club, athletic booster honorary, will sponsor this broadcast which has been arranged through the cooperation of newly returned Athletic Director Nobe Kizer and Prof. Frank Hockema, assistant to the President. As an added feature there will be a freshman-varsity B basketball game held on the Fieldhouse floor so that the halves alternate with the Purdue-Iowa halves. The first half of the frosh-var-sity game will start at 7:15 and will be followed by the broadcast of the first half of the Iowa encounter. Between halves of the broadcast game the rhinies and B team players will finish their match. This program will be given tonight as an experiment by Gimlet Club and the Athletic Department toward giving Purdue students this broadcasting service when radio stations do not. If tonight’s program is well attended, other Big Ten games will be similarly rebroadcast. lames Will Discuss, Play Wagner's Music In Union Tomorrow Discussing “Wagner: The Man and His Music,” Dr. H. *P. Fames, professor of musical art and aesthetics at Scripps College in Claremont, Calif., will both lecture and play the piano tomorrow ait 4*p. m., in the Union ballroom. Fames is a pupil of Ignace J. Paderewski in piano and of the late W. S. B. Matthews in piano and composition. For the past two summer sessions he has been giving public piano-lectures and lecture courses in liberal arts in aesthetics at the University of California, Berkeley. Now on national tour. Fames will stop here to discuss the life and the works of Wagner and play many of his famous compositions. University officials invite the public to attend. Lieuts. Hiett, Crouch, '36 Sail For South America Lieut. Howard V. Hiett, Sci ’36, son of Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Hiett, Lafayette, and Lieut. William Crouch, CF ’36, of Lawrenceburg, •- sailed Friday from Norfolk, Va., bound for South America and maneuvers to be held in the Atlantic Ocean. Upon graduation these two young men received commissions as lieutenants in the United States Marine Corps.
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY Jotclitary 14,19S9 Lcrfay^te, Indietna Vol. 50 No. 92
Z-185
Boilermakers Face Hawkeyes Tonight
Dr. Slutz Speaks This Morning Before Rural Youth To Close Ag Conference
Captain.
Forestry Section Closes Program With Dinnier Kenneth Kunkle replaced V. TVT. Simmons as speaker at the annual forestry and conservation - dinner held last night in the Union ballroom. Kunkle is director of fish and game division for the Indiana Department of Conservation. He pointed out to his audience that more research work is required in the whole field of conservation as well as in forestry., Kunkle also complimented the University for its cooperation with the conservation department, and expressed the hope that it would be continued and expanded for the benefit of 200,000 conservation club members throughout Indiana.
President.
... of Indiana Rural Youth, George Doup, presided at the Rural Youth banquet in the Home Economics Building last night.
Wallace Wolfe, of Lafayette’s Loeb and Hene Co., was toastmaster at the dinner. He introduced University and forestry officials and others attending the dinner. This dinner concluded the forestry section of the Agricultural Conference. “Cultivate Personality” “A person can cultivate his personality; it does not necessarily have to be born in him,” said Dr. Frank D. Slutz, nationally known lecturer and personnel director, last night at the Rural Youth banquet in the Home Fconomics Building. George Doup, Columbus, president of the Rural Youth of Indiana, presided and introduced Prof. T. A. Coleman, state county agent leader, who in turn introduced the speaker.
Exam Conscious Students Don't Appreciate Winter Snow Scene-Neither Does Kemmer
By Bob Donahue
At any other time but the week before final exams, and on any other day but Friday, the 13th, the snow which began at 3:30 yesterday morning and fell all day might have been a pleasant sight to scenic minded inhabitants of this campus. As it was, the wet, slushy snow only added to the already dreary atmosphere that this campus has assumed.
At, 6 o’clock last night, reports from the airport indicated that approximately three inches of snow had fallen during the day. It was explained, however, that this was not a fair estimate because the snow was so wet and it melted so fast that a good measurement could not
be taken.
Sloppy Going To most of the “cram-happy” students, the snow meant little more than sloppy going underfoot, but “to“t-he woi-kers engaged in exeavating the foundations for the new additions to the Union Building it meant temporary suspension of operations for the rest of the week. ' Snow laden trees and a whiteness everywhere left no impression on book weary lads and lassies. Rather the constant “slup, slup,” of their slush boots in the slippery mush and the “two steps forward (Continued on page 4)
Special Int'erest Groups ITo Meei- Before Address “Dr. .Frank D. Slutz’s talk in Fowler Hall at 10:15 this morning will be the highlight of the entire session,” explained Prof. Harry F. Ainsworth, associate state 4-H club director and in general charge of the Rural Youth Conference. His topic will be “Making New Homes Out of Old Efomes” and will be delivered at the last session of the youth program to end the entire Agricultural Conference. Group singing will be led by A. P. Stewart, University music director, with Professor Ainsworth presiding. All other sessions to be held this morning will be of special interest groups. Every meeting is scheduled to be held between 9 and 10 o’clock. J. C. Ralston, assistant 4-H club director, will preside at the meeting to be held in room 208 of Ag Hall and will introduce Prof. O. G. Lloyd, head of the farm management department, who will speak on “How Can Young Farmers Get a Start?” Zaring On Program Prof. Blanche Zaring, of the home economics department of Agricultural extension, is going to speak on “You and Your Home” at the gathering to be held in Fowler Hall with Miss May Masten, associate state 4-H club leader, in charge. Meeting in the reception room of the Union, Miss Edna Troth, of the 4-H club office, is going to introduce Dr. O. C. Trimble, of the education and applied psychology department, who will present an address on “You and Your Thinking.” F. L. McReynolds, state recreational sjjecialist, will meet’ all interested in recreational leading in the ballroom of the Union and will speak on “Recreation—Rebounds.” Ainsworth To Speak A meeting for club officers will convene in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union under the direction of Professor Ainsworth to hear him discuss “Administration.” Immediately following these programs will be the special program in Fowler Hall. Esselen Will Speak To AChS Thursday Speaking on “Air Bubble Formation in Water as Revealed by UltraSlow Motion Photography,” Dr. G. J. Esselen, Jr., will address the student section of the American Chemical Society at its meeting at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, in the Electrical Engineering Building. Dr. Esselen is president of Gustavus J. Esselen, Inc., of Boston, Mass. Dr. Esselen is the author of numerous papers and collaborated with C. H. West in translating the “Textbook of Cellulose Chemistry.” He is a member of the American Chemical Society, the National Academy of Science, and numerous other chemical associations. AChE officers urge all chemistry students to plan on attending this meeting.
Purdue Big Ten
Tries For Second Victory This Year
Out for its second victory in the quest for the second straight Big Ten title, the Boilermaker basketball team faces a potent Iowa team at Iowa City tonight. The game will be the lone en-
counter between the two rivals this year.
Iowa will attempt to raise its -i™———•
. . . Gene Anderson, who has recuperated from his inability to last an entire contest due to an injured thigh muscle, is slated to start the Iowa fracas this evening. His presence should put the Boilermaker attack back in the razzle-dazzle style for which it is so famous. Seventeen Fresh File Petitions In Senate Campaign Seventeen freshman petitions for Student Senate were taken out yesterday afternoon by nine engineers, three home economic students, two agriculture, two pharmacy, and one science student. Petitions may be obtained this afternoon from 1 to 2 o’clock at the Student Senate office in room A of the Union for one dollar. Each engineering petition must be signed by 90 students, while ag, home economics, and science petitions must be signed by 50. Pharmacy freshmen must have 15 signatures on their petitions to become eligible for election, which will take place during registration. Dick Shively... . . . sophomore science student and WBAA announcer, reported seriously ill at St. Elizabeth Hospital yesterday, was “definitely improved” last night. Shively is ill with scarlet fever and diphtheria. Hal LieberWill Play For Mixer Tonight Hal Leiber and his Indiana University swingsters will furnish music for dancers at tonight’s regular dollar Union mixer from 9 o’clock to midnight. Leiber in his last appearance on the campus conducted a battle of swing with Bud Bryant at the mixer following the Indiana game.
raise
average above the zero mark, and will be in great shape to throw a scare into the Purdue hopes. The Hawkeyes bowed to Wisconsin in their opener, and lost the encounter with Minnesota last Monday. In both contests, however. Captain Ben Stephens displayed unusual scoring ability, and now sits perched at the top of the conference scoring race with 31 points. Anderson Shows Improvement Boilermaker captain, Gene Anderson has shown steady improvement from his leg injury, and can be expected to perform in near oldtime style again tonight. Bob Igney and Dan Fisher are Coach Lambert’s choices for the foi’ward posts while Tom Dickinson and Fred Beretta, at guard positions complete the starting five. The above combination, which downed Northwestern in the opening Big Ten struggle, may find itself hard pressed to keep some of the fast improving substitutes out of the contest. Harry Zink, senior veteran, has shown an improved type of basketball the past few weeks and is striving for the regular berth that has eluded him for two seasons. Gene Herschelman, and Elwood Yeager are classy guards that are showing up well. Centers Norman Swarts and Forest Weber also made the trip, as did Basil Lorenz and Jim Bosse, forwards. Varieties Will Star McCrady Band Today Emanating from rooms 1 and 2 of the Union th’s afternoon at 3 o’clock, WBAA’s Campus Varieties hour will feature Harry McCrady and his orchestra. In addition, the broadcast will carry vocalists Martha Lommell, Pat Heine, Bennie Burns, and Charlie Po'vi^ell. Russ Mock, Ed Scrapopolis, the Rhythm Three, and Sal Palma complete the list of entertainers for the program. College Caravan will be broadcast from 1:30 to 3 o’clock, also from rooms 1 and 2. Part of the script will be from the Pontiac Varsity Show, and the announcer will interview a “typical ed and co-ed.” WBAA officials invite the public to attend, but stated last night that no one would be admitted after the program starts.
Gilkey Will Speak To Religious Convo Group Tomorrow Speaking on “Bridges Into a Better World,” Dr. Charles W. Gilkey, dean of the University of Chicago Chapel, will address the regular monthly Convocation for Worship tomorrow at 10:30 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Gilkey has many years of experience with college students behind him. Dr. Gilkey has served as university preacher at most of men’s and women’s colleges in the east, and has given lectures at nearly all of the state universities in the central and farther west. His Cole Lectures at Vanderbilt University have been published as “Present Day Dilemmas in Religion.” The coming speaker became Dean of the Chicago University Chapel in 1928. At that time he resigned from the pastorate of the Hyde Park Baptist Church in Chicago and from the Board of Trustees of the University. Hall To Address Alpha Zefa Dinner Meeting Tuesday Prof. Prank Hall, of the history, economics, and government department, will address a dinner meeting of Alpha Zeta, agricultural honorary, Tuesday evening at 6 o’clock, in the reception room of the Union Building. Professor Hall’s topic will be “Current Events.” Vernon Hitchcock, a chapter member, will report on his attendance at the national conclave held recently. 400 Couples... . . . danced at the annual Foresters’ Ball last night in the Union ballroom. Paul Bunyan, “the greatest logger of them all,” and Babe, the Blue Ox, formed a backdrop for Tiny Hill and his orchestra. Fir trees lined the hallway into the ballroom, while fir branches and woodmen’s axes decorated the ballroom walls. The dance was sponsored by Si Sigma Pi, national forestry honorary, and Forestry Club.
1460 Students Answer 146^872 Union Questions
By Jim McKee
Almost 150,000, exactly 146,872 “yes” and “no” answers were returned on 1,460 questionnaires sent out by the Student Union last May in regard to Union facilities, services, and features. Mixers, receptions, hobbies, and clubs composed the questionnaire. Student Union workers ^recently completed tab-
ulation of answers.
Most interest was shown in the mixer questions. “Do you think the mixer prices are reasonable?” received the most positive answers, 1,156. Most negative answers 1,008, were given to the question, “Have you ever attended a student-faculty reception sponsored by the Union?”
Concerning mixer crowds, 191 of the answering students like small cro^yds and campus bands, 130 like large crowds and “name” bands, and 868 like an alternation of the two systems. And 1,081 persons approve of name band “swing sesmons” in the ballroom before the mixers; opposed, 187. Vote on Stag Line Mixer decorations—^yea, 998; nay, 141. Students were fifty-fifty about limiting the number of couples at mixers, but 623 thought a limited number of stags should be admitted. Six hundred and eighty-one opposed the idea. A two-dollar ^“name” band mixer would be supported by 576 persons, and not by
629. The interfraternity sing was heard by 526 of the answering students, and 723 think it should be continued. Only twelve who attended the sing last year did not enjoy it. The Variety Show question got more pro and con answers than any
other single question, 1,393 having heard of them. “Have you ever attended a Stu-dent-Faculty Reception?” Attended 312, not attended, 1,108. There were 1,596 who gave reasons for not attending the functions, but 918 said they thought that they were a good idea. As a wonderful place to meet instructors and make faculty acquaintances, 214 answered yes and
Campus Building Activities Show Signs Of Bright future For Incoming Students
By Bob Howard
Stumbling over piles of gravel and ducking swinging steam shovels, all the while being careful not to fall in a hole, we begin to wonder when all this constructive destruction around the campus is going to end.
Yom- reporter made' a rash attempt to take a short cut to tlfe Union over the lone remaining S’idewalk, and found himself face to face with the impregnable walls of the ballroom on one hand and a 25 foot chasm full of steam shovels on the other. Deciding to do something about it, we made a few inquiries and finally were assimed that there are hopes not only of getting the place put back in order with a flock of new buildings, but even having a Tew tfimxmhgs in the ^ajT^^ide^ walk^and curbings an*anged.
New WRH Unit
The new Women’s Residence Hall is expected to be the winner in the race to completion, with construction ending some $ime in August. Next in line is the new Cary Hall South, which will be completed la (Continued on page 4)
1,132 answered no.
Hobbies numbering 148, are listed by 1,006 students, and 359 have none. Photography has the most fans, 161. Next comes music with 103, radio with 94, sports with 68, and airplanes with 63. Others listed with more than 25 fans were boats, collecting stamps anj^coins7 gdlfT mechanics, and reading. Queer ideas listed were cheerleading, collecting elephants, going to school, sleeping, studying, skeletons, work, and tiddley-winks. Other eds bared themselves and listed dr-inking beer, Indiana love, and
women.
The question asking for entrance (Continued on page 4)SditfdaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
JaaiuMA,
Saturday/Jeinuary 14,1939
Unemployment Struck ... ... the ranks of another large university's football squad monday when 14 players were thrown out of “promised” jobs at the University of California at Los Angeles. As usual only the freshmen squawked—the upperclassmen knew that the university would provide. ' Interesting and admirable as a contrast to amateur etiquette in other sections is the outspoken way the westerners admit that their football is on a business basis. Five of the ousted freshmen write in a letter to the editor of the university daily newspaper: “When we came here certain promises were made to us. These promises included free meals, tuition, fees, books, and a job paying forty dollars per month. In exchange the school expected every day: Four hours of football practice, four hours of working on a job, four hours of attending class, and four hours of study.” A Fair Deal—Not Charity “We are not asking for charity, but we think it only fair that we get a little of the money that football earns to help us continue to play and so complete our schooling.” What the players objected to most was being cut out of the jobs which meant an education to them while the university netted $51,000 per year from the football games. This brings up the popular question of whether the game of football should or should not be subsidized. We wonder how that can possibly be avoided! Surely not by finding jobs for athletes. No athlete can really earn what is necessary to put him through school and still have time left for football. The 16 hour working day of the U.C.L.A. players shows that. How can alumni be stopped from financing the college careers of football players- After all, don’t many ordinary students obtain money from friends to go through school? Fellowships are given for outstanding students. They are given because it is felt that the recipients will later repay the debt by benefitting society. How about football ... as a nationally popular games does it not provide recreation for thousands annually ? That may be a different sort of benefit but it certainly is on the right side of the ledger. Football could not be the popular sport it is today without its star players receiving some financial aid. We don’t mind so much seeing schools help out when we consider that no one is really being hurt by the practice. The fans love it. What do they care if the AllAmerican halfback didn’t happen to be a rich man’s son. They enjoy the game and don’t object to giving their share of the $50,000 season profits. The players benefit . . . they get an education which they could not otherwise obtain. The other students of the university are better off because they may use gymnasiums and equipment which ^football helps buy. Minor sports would otherwise have to be supported by university funds which now go for educational purposes. Not An Argument for Professionalism This is not an argument for professionalism in football. The game’s amateur standing is its most valuable asset. We simply believe that amateurism need not be lost when the proceeds of contests pay the athlete’s expenses of participation. Until we see more evidence of the professional attitude on the gridiron we will not worry much about it. In the meanwhile there are some evils
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post ofFice in Lafajrette, Indiana, under the act of Consress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during ■ the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.50. ' Editor-In-Chief.............. H. I. Stanback Business Manager .R. R, Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Editor , D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager.... E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager....... ...W. F. Berg Sales Manager..... Y. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager... W. E. Smith Art Director... .....__..D. J. Henn'inger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors , Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor — R. L. McDonald Associate Editors — J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
SPORTS OFFICE
Uelflh
Purdue Fielflhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
nePRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. F Chicaso ’ Boston ' Los Angeles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue Universily. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—.Terrio Issue Editor—Willsey Saturday, January 14, 1939
an jjj.
er
rim an
By Georgami Schilling
Such a little tiny man—oh, yes. He has personality plus, and really swung out at last night’s Forensic Ball. From the crowd present, one would never believe that finals are but a few days away. —H-H— We saw Kay O’Leary, Dotty Miller, Marty Norman, and Ann Sickman dancing in long dresses. Ted Axton danced gaily with his date, Alice Keltner. Red-headed Dick Elton and his pin giii were seen around. —H-H— We saw John Hopkins, Bob Burns, Dick Oblinger, and Rollo DeHoog. It seemed that the whole Forestry School was present enmasse. And such music! The sweetest heard in our Union ballroom for a good many months. We liked it—and how. —H-H— Of course a few non-conformists appeared in shorUfrocks. We really can understand their di.slike at having to don a long dress while their date dressed only in a business suit, but “that wak‘ the of i ginaUidea of the dance—to have a rather formal ball. Anyhow, the majority of the gals appeared in long dresses—so we have no gripes. —H-H— And tonight promises another treat in music in the person of Hal Lieber and his super band from the lU campus.
WB AA Programs
—Today—^ 11:00—Just Kids. 11:15—Carolyn Wood, soprano. 11:30—High School Guest Program. 12:00-—Tune Time, Charles Powell. 12:15—The Woman Shopper. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market Reports. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—College Caravan. 2:00—Stamp Club of the Aii\ 2:15—Vinnie, Fran & Jack. 2:30—Melody Time. 2:45—Paul Funk, pianist. 3:00—Campus Varieties.
SUNDAY-MONDAY
CLARK GABLE MYRNA LOY — IN — TOO HOT TO HANDLE"
— LAST DAY— BUCK JONES — in — 'Stranger From Arizona' — and —
EDITH FELLOWS — in — 'Little Adventuress'
MARS STARTS TOMORROW
FLORENCE RICE HELEN BROMERICK CHRS. BICKFORD Saen fin kj lames H. Ma. /aM Mu&a tM Hmtf Ferausen DinciMlfcjW.SrVBii Ijltn * hajaced hrMmjm URay
umnsnu STARTS TOMORROW RSnScHNfcoIoir
'lORETTAYOlINO RICHARD GREENE WALTER BRENNAN
KAREN MORLEY MORONI OLSEN
20fh Century-Fox Picture
— LAST DAY— JEANETTE MacDONALD NELSON EDDY — IN — "SWEETHEARTS"
which would bear correction. There is a good deal of hyprocisy prevalent in schools that fear to expose their true standing on the question. If football players are to have their school expenses paid, at least it should be done openly. The, practice of cutthroat competition for high school stars has a nasty odor. We insist that the line between amateurism and professionalism comes somewhere close to the point where dickering starts. Offer the players a college education. Leave off the spending money, the fancy clothes and the rest of the pay. Schools shop around for players a good deal. When colleges on the coast draw players from Indiana and Illinois we suspect they have to make mighty profitable offers. Perhaps the solution would lie in some sort of flexible “code of ethics”:—a code that colleges would live up to and not attempt to evade. Right now that is a large order but later on it will probably evolve naturally. Out In the Open Football would be better off if it came out into the open. We insist its face isn’t as dirty as some would have us think. There may be smudges, but the spotlight of publicity should wipe them I away. We believe that the sport would gainipopularity if each school’s chances were equalized by a mutually agreed upon code that gave the college only its educational opportunities as a bargaining point for gridiron material.
Times are getting tough around here. One night we go to the sweet shop and write about all the people we see playing about. The next night we just write about people we’ve heard about. Today is the time we just write.
I sneezed a sneez into the air, It fell to earth I know not where. But hard and cold were the looks of those , In whose vicinity I snoze. Sorry, it was only an attempt, Guess we’ll stick to prose.
THE VALUE OF EXERCISE: She: “I think dancing makes a girl’s feet too big, don’t you? He: “Yeah.” She: “I think swimming giv^ a girl big shoulders, don’t you?” He: “Yeah.” (Pause.) He: “You must be quite fond of horseback riding, aren’t you?”
Now that BILL WORK has decided to get on the books again (there being only three more school days before vacation), his lady-love MARY FRANCES OLIVER has resigned herself to wait patiently at home alone while the young man spends his time studying. Only a complete disillusionment awaits the gals who make decisions like that. Remember, we warned you.
“Did not that kiss I gave you Make you want another, dear?” She looked into my eyes and said “Yes, but tonight he won’t be here.”
We. wonder if football man WHITE Y JOHNSON is interested in the gal from Indianapolis or in the big Packard she drives. Anyhow, we noticed WHITEY with Butler coed CHARLOTTE DENSFORD last Friday and Saturday night and again last night. Butler is located in Indianapolis you know, not in the Purdue Union.
And we hear that some of the boys around are demanding hush money from a certain Alpha Chi who wants to keep this juicy bit quiet. The boys claim they saw this co-ed running from a Model A Ford into the back door of the sorority house about five a. m. Wednesday morning. But we don’t believe them do we ? ? ?
ROLLO DE HOOG just came into the office and passed out cigars to the night and issue editors. He was going to the Foresters’ Ball and on his arm was JEAN HALMOND, who once carried the torch for pigskin hero AUGIE MORNINGSTAR. We wonder . . . we wonder.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
ARG
— LAST daymen WITH STEEL-WIRE NERVES! WOMEN WITH ICT HEARTS! WILLIAM HALL iSP^Ni: (. NEW UNIVEESAL "I'' PICTURE JANE WYMAN
— and — BOB STEELE —in — 'LIGHTNING CRANDALL" — ALSO —
SUNDAY-MONDAY THE TEXANS MAMA RUNS WILD
GRIN AND BEAR rr
Gopr. 1939 by ^Oolted F^iore Syndicate, toe. “Of course it’s a silly superstition, but whenever we have a bill for $13, like yours, we skip it and go to 14.” JACK BROWN’S name was called FAMOUS LAST BIT: at the Mars Theater last night for -^g notice that a campus person$500 during Bank Night. How do ality has named his dog “Dammit.” you^eel now, you money-mad pig- seems he gets more satisfaction skin carrying buckaroo ? It was Fri- gf saying “Come here, Dammit.” day, the 13th, remember ... G’bye.
MIDNITE SHOW TONITE ll;30
When They Step Out Together They're the Screens Rollicking New Romantic Favorites! « WAYNE MORRIS PRISCILLA LANE
Falling in Love at First Fight With a Honeymoon of Hilarity Ahead! “LOVE, HONOR and BEHAVE“ Wow! Dive For Cover When These Lively Love Birds Battle in Swing Time!
lODAY ONLY
• ON THE SCREEN •
ADMISSION •
Tke, Qtmflo All seats 25c ” All SEATS 30(
1l!45 to 1:00
DOWHON tHtfAIRM
1:00 to 2:00
2:00 P. M .TO CLOSING MAIN FLOOR 40c BALCOINY 30c CHILDREN, ALL DAY 15c
STAGE SHOWS AT 1:30-3:50-6:00-8:10-10:10 LAST COMPLETE SHOW AT 10:10Saturday, Jaxiuory 14,1939
Freshman Gagers Show Offensive Power In Drills
IP Fear Of Guards
By Jim Hebbeler
Scnmmag^ing against the varsity reserves last night in the Fieldhouse, the Boilermaker freshman basketball team put on a classy scoring exhibition, with some ball handling not expected from a yearling team. Defense Weak Putting the status of the squad* in Coach “Dutch” Fehring’s words, “this year’s freshman team is a lot stronger offensively than many in the past, but lacks the defense to be found in some of the freshman teams of other years.” However, the team was holding its own last night in scrimmage and can be expected to improve defensively when a more permanent team is working togethei. Plans are being formulated for intra-squad games before the varsity games, beginning some time early in February. “Dutch” is hoping to have enough out-of-state men on the squad to make up a team to play another composed of Indiana men. Such an arrangement should stir up interest in the question of the superiority of Indiana basketball, although the outsiders will be at somewhat of a disadvantage in numbers. Squad Cut To 23 The squad has been cut to 23 from the more than 100 out at the beginning of the season. Those still out are; Abolt, Adams, Blemker, Blanken, Burke, Bussell, Compton, Cooper, Caress, Conrad, Galvin, Hedges, Korschot, Melahn, McAdams, Neutzel, Oliphant, Polk, Riggs, Sprowl, Teiney, White, and Young.
Tommy Dickinson, the fastest Boilermaker basketeer to wear the Gold and Black since the days of Purdue’s three year All-American, Johnny Wooden, will test his foul obtaining ability against the tough Iowa defense tonight. Tom’s ability to force the guards to foul him has sent many Purdue opponents to the bench via the personal foul route so far this season.
Squash, Fencing Teams Travel To Matches Today
Beg Your Pardon
Arthur D. Shideler, who was awarded the puie bied hog at the Ag Alumni luncheon, is the agent from Starke County, of which Knox is the county seat, and not Knox County, as was stated in yesterday’s Exponent.
This afternoon Coach Clevett will lead his squashmen into battle against the Indianapolis Athletic Club on the latteis’ home couits. In this, the second of a series of three encounteis between the two teams, the Boilermakers will endeavor to lepeat their pievious victory over the lAC The team will be Sokolowski, captain, Munro, Morley, Shumway, Patrick, Juve, Blitz, Fuente, Fant, Eberhard, and Blessing. The Notre Dame fencing team will play host today as the Boilermakers, led by Huffman, Maierson, Pitcher, Meir, Levin, Stepath, Neptune, and Schmidt, invade South Bend.
JOHNSTON SHOE
CHILDREN’S DANCING Classes Now Being Organized
SKATES
ENROLL SATURDAY,
$3.49 to $8.45
JANUARY 14 BALLET
and Skis
TAP
BALLROOM
J. SPERB
Jane Allen of Hollywood will Demonstrate. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
822 Main
THE PURDUE
SpO*dA.
EXPONENT
Boilermaker Foil Team Victorious / Over Lake Forest
Unable to oveicome the handicap of the loss of four straight beginning matches, a visiting Lake Forest foils team lost to an inexperienced but skillful Boilermaker squad yesterday in the Fieldhouse. They went down to defeat by the count of eight matches to one. The lone Lake Forest victory was the encountei between Pitcher, Purdue foilsman, and Harlan, visiting Captain, when Harlan defeated Pitcher 5-2. Pitcher emerged victorious in this match, his first intercollegiate, when he beat both Cunningham and Griffiths by 5-3, 5-2, respectively. Maierson, veteran of the Boilermaker squad, defeated Griffiths 5-1 and avenged Pitcher by vanquishing Harlan 5-4, in a tough battle. Scores Hoffman, Rivetei swoidsman, continued the offensive against the Lake Forest team by defeating Harlan, 5-3, and Cunningham, 5-1. Substituting foi both Hoffman and Maierson in the final two matches, Du Broff, inexpeiienced Gold and Black foilsman defeated Giiffjths and Anderson of the visitors by the same scores, 5-4. Both battles were uncertain to the end because the visiting fenceis waged a strong battle before they were subdued by Du Bioff Coach Finney was pleased with the peiformances of his proteges and stated “The matches were much closei than the score indicated, but the Purdue men were stionger”
Greenskeepers To Convene Tuesday
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelei%
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Locksmith
• Dine
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L
EAT TED'S POPCORN TED'S PLACE 115 VINE ST.
• Florists
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, dwk locks, night latches and p^locki. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ac--essorles and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phene 2828
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Means of providing better turf maintenance at lower cost will provide the principal topic for discussion at the second annual Greenskeepeis Conference to be held at the University on Tuesday and Wednesday, Designed to piesent practical information for greens chairmen, golf greenskeepers, and others having turf problems, the meeting will be sponsored jointly by the Division of Physical Education for Men, the Department of Agiicultural Extension, the Indiana Greenskeepers Association, the Indiana Golf Association, and the Indiana Professional Golfeis’ Association. Dr. John Montieth Jr., of the U. S. Golf Association, Washington, D. C., will give thiee addresses at the confeience covering new grasses for golf courses, science in greenskeeping, and diseases and their control, in addition to speaking before the banquet on Tuesday evening. G. A. Young, head of the mechanical school and pi’esident of the Indiana Golf Association, will preside over the banquet.
QUALITY Cleaning
At a price you can afford to pay.
Suits — Overcoats Plain Dresses
59c
CASH AND CARRY Our Finest Cleaning FELT HATS FELT HATS
29c
LONG’S CLEANERS
West Lafayette Office 134 East State St.
Lafayette Office Cor. 9th & Main Sts.
ielder’s... ... ch'oicq
By Bruce Witwer
Just about 10 days ago the swimming team was lolling on the fine beaches of Florida soaking up the sunshine . . . now they get their sunshine from sun lamps and the closest they get to sand is looking at the Union excavations covered with snow . . . the squad meets its first opposition of the season today at Northwestern. —^fc— The water polo team is expected to tui n in some hard to beat performances thi^ year as there is a veteran combination all set to stait things off in the right way by a victorious anslaught against the Wildcats . . .the other night in the time trials, Graham turned in a better time for the 440 than has ever been done here at Purdue . . . Coach Larry LaBree said that the stop watch was probably in eiror so we will wait for today’s results to find out . . . Graham has beeff'making good times all of the way along so there might be something there after all. —^fc— Track prospects look pretty good this year in spite of the absence of point gatherer Bob Lemen, last season’s co-captain .. . sophomore Holderman is expected to be eligible for indoor and outdoor track so that the team’s stock goes up several points ... it was a disappointment to| track Coach Phillips when Holderman was absent from the cross country list this fall because of ineligibility. * —fc— Talking with Nobe Kizer last night we learned that future Big Ten games will gain some of the color of football games. Purdue’s Military Band will assist the fans in raising the roof and will remove the necessity for Stubby Meiers’ leading the crowd in “Hail Puidue.” —fc— From now on the Fieldhouse will be equipped with a mammoth public address system for basketball games. Substitutions will be announced ... so that identifying the players will be much easier than it was at the Northwestern game. —fc— Gimlet Club and the Athletic Department are trying out a new idea tonight. There won’t be any radio broadcasts of the Iowa game so a rebroadcast has been arranged to take place in the Fieldhouse. To liven up the evening a basketball match between the freshmen and th Varsity B squad will be held. Things start at 7:15 around the main floor. If tonight’s venture is successit will be repeated for other away-from-home Big Ten games.
Player Pos. Sch Stephens, f, Iowa Dehner, c, Illinois Kundla, f, Minn. . Lounsbui’y, c, Chi. Johnson, f, Ind. W. Menke, c, Ind. Stampf, f, Chicago Dick, g, Minn. A.ddington, f, Minn. 'D\ipee, f. Wise. Fisher, f, Purdue Hapac, f, Illinois Hull, f, O. State Rae, c, Michigan
G B F TP 2 11 11 33
2
8
10
9
Purdue Matmen Face Wildcats Here Today
Northwestern’s wrestling team, the strongest mat squad the Wildcats have had in a number of years, will form the opposition for Claude Reeck’s Boilermaker grapplers this afternoon at 4:00 o’clock in the Fieldhouse gym. The visitors will be led by Cap-
Purple Swimming Team Plays Host To Purdue Today
Invading Evanston for swimming and water polo contests today, the Boilermakers’ chances for victory were lessened as Lahey, senior swimmer, will be missing from the meet because of an injured knee. Both teams are making their season debut, and the Riveters will be depending mainly on back stroke, dives, middle distance and distance events for the bulk of their points. Following the swimming meet, the varsity water polo teams from Northwestern and Purdue will engage in the initial match for the Gold and Black. The following men will make the trip to Evanston: Lahey, Carr, Risser, Armstrong, Harris, Freyman, Moller, Siler, Liming, Jacobi, Tredwell, Mott, Ancker, Ciaig, and Wildhack.
tain Ainie Taylor of Evanston, one of the leading 118 poundei* in the confeience. He has lost but two matches during the last two years of competition, these two to former champions. In the 175 pound division, the Cats have Joe Vavius, tackle on the football squad, who won his letter last season although out of action most of the season, due to an juryFootball Men Another footballer on the Purple squad is Frank Young, the Wildcats’ entry in the heavsrweight division to battle Purdue’s Moe Aronson Another veteran on the Cat team is Joe Gluckman, who ranks among the confeience leaders in th flyweight division. The Northwestern coach is Wesley Brown, brothei of Chuck Brown, 175 pound wrestler on the Boilermaker team. Purdue Team The following will wrestle for the Gold and Black: 121 pound class, Berkheiser; 128 pound class, Allman; 136 pound class, Linderman, 145 pound class, Papurca; 155 pound class, Willey; 165 pound class, Post; 175 pound class. Brown; and heavyweight class, Aronson.
)pinaa
By Janet Pickering Gales of disapprovai-3net 1938’s
Top Scorers Of Big Ten
upswept hair. We can’t i evert to the long bob, so how will we be wearing our hair ? Vogue said that the 1939 coiffure will be a short one. Your hair should be short all over and combed into short i inglets rather like a young child’s. Something different, and not as hard to wear as an upswept coiffure. —S— Elizabeth Howes, a well-known fashion expert, says that a dress is not stylish unless it can be worn for three years with pleasure. A dress which you buy because it is the fashion rage of the moment is not worthwhile. Therefore, we gather that “fashion” is only momentary. We strive for “style” which is lasting. —S— Have you ever taken stock of your own defects ? If you haven’t stand before a minor and see yourself as others see you. Then don’t give up. You can hide your faults if you select your clothes caiefully. —s— Are you the short, stout type? Then don’t cut yourself in half with a bright red belt. Wear a.belt that is inconspicious. Harmonious accents about the neck of your dress will add interest. If you are tall and thin a print blouse with full sleeves will add to your weight and a contrasting skirt will shorten you inches. —S— Pleats and tucks properly placed broaden you. Knife pleats, box pleats or inverted pleats on each
Indiana Road School To Celebrate Silver Anniversary Jan. 23
Celebrating the silver anniversai’y of its founding by the state legislature in 1915, the annual University Road School will open here January 23 and continue thiough January 27. The school will take up current problems of construction, design, and maintenance of Indiana highways together with the increasing requirements of traffic, according to Ben H. Petty, chairman and professor of highway engineering. Cooperating with the engineering extension department and the civil engineering school in sponsoring the Road School are the Indiana State Highway Commission, County Surveyors and Engineers’ Association, County Road Supervisors’ Association, County Commissioners Association, the Highway Materials and Equipment Association, and the Indiana Highway Constructors Inc. Dr. W .K. Hatt, former head of the civil engineering school, opened the first Road School in 1913 by calling a conference on “Civil Engineering.”
side of your skirt obtain the effect of width. A single pleat in the center will make you seem slimmer. —S— Another thing—color. It is important to every costume. Bright colors make you seem larger, while navy and black decrease your size. An oft repeated and helpful rule in selecting your color combinations is “Elephants, gray; canary, yellow.”
Student Majority Upholds Rearmament
By Student Opinion Surveys of America
Austin, Tex., Jan. 12.—Last week President Roosevelt in his message to Congress asked for armed forces strong enough to aid in the defense of the entire Western hemisphere. *• American college youth, the coming generation that may have to fight in another world war, approves of the policy by a good majority. Students of all classes and in all sections of the United States in a carefully selected ci’oss-section have been interviewed byYepresentatives of the Student Opinion Surveys of America. This non-profit agency of the college press was organized recently for the scientific measurement of public opinion of the nation’s student bodies. The current study points out that 62 per cent of the students are for strengthen-
ing “the United States army and navy for the protection of all nations in the Westei’n Hemisphere.” 38 Per Cent Are Opposed A good number of college students, however—38 per cent of them —^fear that this is not the way out. Opposition to the President’s program has come from many groups, including the Youth Committee Against War, Events in a hysterical Europe, the American solidarity expressed at the Lima Conference, and the growing threats to democracies, nevertheless have brought the President to action. College youth approves, the Surveys reveal. These results parallel other national polls that from time to time have shown the citizenry as a whole favors a stronger armed force. Students everywhere, men and
women, feel about the same. The strongest group for rearmament is the Southern, which voted 76.7 per cent in the affirmative. In the Far West the vote was 66.2 per cent; in the West Central states 59.6 per cent; in the East Central states, 46.3 per cent; in the Middle Atlantic States 60.9 per cent; and in the New England states 59.6 per cent. Related to the rearmament problem and one that will have direct effect upon college men is the new program to train civilian aviators' in American colleges and universities. The Student Opmion Siu-veys are now conducting a coast-to-coast poll on this question. The weekly i*eports on the Surveys ai-e appearas a special feature of the Exponent one of the member student publications that support the organization.
L_ mBBsm
m4.
'
3[oaxL (Ma,
tHE PUttDt)£ EXPONENT
^yioiixJLA.
^dkrdldy, Jaiitiary 14,1939
f'
School Of Home Economics Introduces Ten Varied Courses Into Curriculum Ten new courses, ranging from curriculum for men and worn-, en to those designed for women students only, were introduced during this semester in the school of home economics.
“Some Problems in Rig’ht Living,” a course in wliich eight men are enrolled. takes up home management, child development, house planning, foods and nutrition, clothing selection, and etiquette. “Institution Cookery and Equipment,” offered to students majoring in dietetics, gives added experience in quantity cookinu and the use of equipment.
“Costume Selection” MissV Philena Palmer gives the course “Chstume Selection,” in vhich 21 girls are-e:nrolled. The students make inventoried of^ their vardiobe, plan a three year buclget, and make trips to merchants for points on intelligent buying. “Infant Behavior” and “Books and Pictures for Children” are two courses designed' to instruct the 11 girls enrolled how children should be brought up. A new course will be added next semester in “Play and Play Materials.” New Nutrition Courses Three new courses of study in nutrition have been introduced, and are administered by Doctors Sunderlin, Schuck, and Johnson. They are “Field Nutrition,” “Readings in Foods,” and “Child Nutrition.” Two new courses will be offered by the foods and nutrition department during the second semester in “Laboratory Technique in Nutrition.” and “Family Food Problems.” To complete the new curriculum offered in the school of home economics, the applied design department is offering “Drawing and Rendering,” taught by Miss Margaret Culver and “Ancient Medieval Atr,” administered by Prof. L. SchantzHansen. The former course is a series of problems in training in technique with various media, such as pencil, chalk, charcoal, water color, pen. and ink.
1,460 Students—
(Continued from page 1)
into hobby clubs got 630 answers in the affirmative and 629 in the negative. Four hundred and forty-four students stated they would be interested in learning a hobby. Show Interest In Activities “Were you more interested in the campus activities the first semester this year than you are now^?” Yes, 447; no, 805. Perhaps the increase in interest is due to the fact that 872 of the students got Activity Charts during the first part of the second semester. But only 520 felt that the Bureau had helped them in any way. Those who felt it hadn’t numbered 621. Five hundred and twenty-two students felt that members of the faculty should introduce the students to campus activities during the orientation period. Ninety-seven opposed the idea. The game room is used by 508 of the questioned and not by 780. But 703 of them play bridge, and only 320 play chess. If bridge lessons would be given weekly this year 440 w’ould attend; 764 would not come. 96 Use Browsing Room Sixty-six of the students used the Browsing Room daily, and 254 were there w’eekly. Only 199 had never been in for any browsing at all. Books there are satisfactory to I 1,089 and unsatisfactory to 70. Questions 77 to 85 dealt with the service, accommodations, and efficiency of Union departments. The accommodations in the 15 Union departments got 12,159 “yes’s” and 916 “no’s.” Prices agreed in 5,745 cases and not in 915. Efficiency was poorest in the grill and best in the Chestnut Room. Union “Homelike” To 1,036 The Union is too elaborate according to the vote of 755 students, and “homelike” to 1,036. It was almost unanimous that the present Upion staff and management was satisfactoiy. The vote on quality of Union programs was heavily in favor of their cultural quality, exjjense, and occurance.
Final Exam Copies In Library Become Suddenly Popular
By Fairie Totten
Business is definitely on the up-and-up at the Library these days. It seems that 'some students on this campus have decided to study for the few remaining days of this semester; or perhaps they only go to the Library to enjoy the cheery atmosphere created.by the new interior decorating completed during' Christmas vacation. Students Crave Exams Final examinations seem to be the main item on the bill-of-fare for most people who journey to the Library. These finals were made available for student use for the first time at the end of summer school. Twenty-five copies of each examination given the second semester of last year have been put on file for the use of students. More calls for examinations come from freshman students than from upper-classmen—freshmen haven’t acquired the art of putting things off until the very last minute. Said the desk attendant, “These people calling for chemistry exams just
drive us mad.”
222 Used Thursday Although during the semester calls for examinations were not so frequent, the number of exams used per day has increased from 30 used on January 3, to 222 used Thursday. Then too, there are those people who go to the Library to finish the traditional teim reports. Speech reference books are at a premium; and the seating conditions have become so crowded that students have been requested to either sit on their coat or hold it in their lap.
Exam Conscious —
(Continued from page 1)
and one backward” method of walking only served to remind them of their precarious condition on their journey down that “last mile” of this semester. Excavation Suspended A. E. Kemmei', head of the construction company digging the hole alongside the Union Building, admitted yesterday that the wet snow had forced him to suspend operations until Monday. Trucks were unable to climb the slippery drive leading out of the miniature canyon with their loads. To aid the cause of all that is bleak and dreary, a dense fog descended over the Wabash Valley last night and completed the drab picture. Weather reports indicated that more snow was on the way for tomorrow. All in all a very gray picture. But cheer up, finals begin next week!
The University of Wisconsin has a new course to train students for careers in the U. S. foreign service.
tomorrow
Improving Sop
h
Classified
Ads
MIStELLANEOUS
the
Roger Williams Club
9:30—T. K. Noss will teach Roger Williams Club class. 10:35—Sermon by Rev. Gleason on “How do You Value Your Name ?” 5:30—^Social hour. Discussion and
pictures by Dr. Lee.
7:30—David Nelson, “Religion fi'om the Student’s Viewpoint.”
FURNISHED ROOMS for men students. Phone 2637.
FOR RENT—^Desirable room close to cam* pus and city. New furniture and innerspring mattress. Phone 76042.
Wesley Foundation 8:00—Brealtfast of the Freshman • Commission. 9:30—-Co-ed Class, topic, “The Choice Before Us.” Men’s Class, open forum. 10:40—Morning worship. Sermon by Dr. Steele, “The Deeper Fellowship.” 5:00—Fellowship supper 15 cents. In charge of Joyce Winklepleck. 6:30—Dr. Hadley will speak at the church on “Finding My Job.”
St. John’s Episcopal 8:00—Holy Communion. Corporate communion for students with a breakfast afterwards in the parish house. 10:45—-Morning service. 6:00—Young People’s Fellowship supper. 7:00—Program.
Presbyterian Morning program at Central Presbyterian Church, Seventh and Columbia Streets, Lafayette. 9:30—-Discussion group led by Dr. Findley. 10:40—Morning worship. Sermon by Dr. W. R. Graham. Evening program at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz Street, West Lafayette. 6:00—Student Forum. Prof. C. B. Murphy will discuss “Dangers to Democracy.” The address , and discussion will follow the supper, served at 10 cents per plate.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS WHETHER IT BE MUCH OR LITTLE
More than 20 different kinds of Georgia wood have been used in the new University of Georgia forestry building.
YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREENS DRUG STORES
408 MAIN STREET
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines aa low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
SPECIAL: 8 days—Wash and lubrication, .1:1.26 : lowest prices on body and paint work. HOPKINS MOTOR SERVICE. Phone 8059. 331 South St.
Glee Club: Ushering money for the symphony convocation is in the music office. (1-16) —WORCESTER. Episcopal Students: Corporate communion followed by breakfast in the parish house at St. John’s Church Sunday, January 16, at 8 a. m. —THORNTON.
WANTED—Student to exchange work for comfortable room in West Lafayette home. Write, giving telephone number, in care of XWV Exf)onent.
FOR SALE $20 FOR WHIPPET. It runs. Hoosier Auto Sales, 6 South 4th St. LOST AND FOUND
Freshman Track: Meeting Monday, January 16, in Room 107 of the Fieldbouse at 6 p. m. ' —WILKENING.
Modern Dance: Practice of all groups from 1 to 3 p. m. Saturday, January 14, in Women’s Gymnasium. —NEWMAN.
Christian Science: Regular meeting will be held in room C of the Union Tuesday, January 17, at 7 :30 p. m. —MACK.
LOST—Black leather loose leaf notebook in room 229, E.E. Building. Finder please return to Van Coddington, Cary Hall West.
ROOMS FOR RENT
Purdue Engineer: The following men report to the Engineer office Saturday, January 14, at 1 ;30 p. m.: Botsford, La^on, Shankiand, Gale, Richardson, Jones. ■ —SQUIRES.
Lambda Kappa: A short business meeting will be held in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Sunday, January 16. —OTT.
Gene Herschelman, sophomore guard and understudy for Tom Dickinson, has been improving in his ability to bring the ball down the court and should see action tonight against the Hawks.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
FOR RENT: Large front double bedroom, one block from village. No other roomers, instructor preferred. 116 Main Street.
Metallurgical Engineers: All those going on between semester inspection trip to Sudbury sign up at Dr. Lovell’s office by Saturday, January 14. —LOWN.
FOR RENT: Room and board. Large room, single beds, close to campus. Mrs. E. C. Gibbs. 346 Northwestern. Phone 71062.
P-Men: Please get lapel button or key orders in to me by Sunday, January 16. Orders will be sent in Monday. —BODEAU.
TWO VERY DESIRABLE large front sleeping rooms. Convenient for two to four students. Reasonable rent. Southwest corner of 5th and Brown.
APARTMENT and board for group of students, also room and board. Phone 2309.
Gym Locker Holders: Those wishing to renew locker for the second semester must so signify by signing locker renewal slip at the intramural check-out window not later than Saturday, January 28. Those wishing to check out must do so before then to recover deposit. —CLEVETT.
First Church of Christ Scientist 9:30—Sunday school. 11:00—Lesson-Sermon. Wednesday evening testimonial meeting at 8 o’clock in reading room 66 and 67, Loan and Trust Building, Lafayette. All are wel-
Campus Building -- (Continued from page 1)
the early part of September. Present plans are to have both residence halls ready for occupancy for the 1939-40 school year. Also slated for occupancy for the first semester of next year is the Chemical Engineering Building that is having the framework of its second story affixed at present. New Union Additions With the expected completion in December of the several Union additions, and the Music Hall, due to be opened in January 1940, the building boom will'end, or at least subside for a time. Then the work of reclaiming the “campus beautiful” can begin, with new sod, new curbs, and new walks. With this in mind maybe we can afford to walk around these ghastly craters for a while longer.
SUCCESS FORMULA You don't have to be expensively dressed to look the part of success—but you do have to be neat and well turned out That's where we come into the success picture. Our high grade cleaning service will keep your clothes looking their best^—-every day of the years.
Free Pick-Up and Delivery Service CROWN LAUNDRY FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
IT'S NO SECRET
Miaf a classified ad in fhe Exponent will bring you good results. If you want to buy - sell - swap - rent or find something, use the classified column in
THE Purdue Exponent Business Phorfe — 5038