I®
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Fair warmer, today; tomorrow, snow and colder in north portion.
Purdue
%iU
SATURDAY March 4,1939 Ixifayeite, bufiona VoL 50 No. 129
Boilermakers Travel To Columbus For 0. S. U. Scabbard And Blade Dances, Pledges Game Tonight
Graduate Student In A Tropical Settingmmm Commits Suicide
At Home In Salem Henry W. Tipps, 23-year-old graduate student and part time physic’s instructor, was found dead Thursday evening at the home of his father in Salem, Ind. He had ended his life with a small rifle which was found lying nearby. Tipps disappeared from the Purdue campus last Monday night, and
}
was finally located Thursday morning. Police broadca-sts were sent out, and police from neighboring towns and cities searched all hotels. Indianapolis police finally located Tipps in a hotel where he had registered under his real name. His * father, in Lafayette to aid in the search for his son, was notified by police and left for Indianapolis with Willard Schmidt and Karl Quiring, who had been fellow roomerg at Tipp’s residence here. Nervous, Bad Health ^ According to Schmidt, Tipps had appeared to be acting in a peculiar manner for the last two weeks. He ^ was usually very fi-iendly and an active young' man, but of late he appeared to be listless and very ner- , vous. He had been working very hard, and as he was in bad health his father described him as being on the point of a mental breakdown. * When asked how Tipps had acted when he was being returned to Salem, Schmidt replied, “Hank seemed ^ very nervous. When I shook hands ' with him, it shook like a leaf. He looked very sick, and we were glad I . to have him taken care of.” Tipps was well liked at the University. He had many friends on the campus, a great many of whom ^ are going to Salem at 2 p. m. Sunday afternoon to attend the funeral. Registrations For ^ Stout Contest Due Registrations for the W. B. Stout contest must be filed in the office ^ of the Mechanical Engineering Building by noon today. The paper should not exceed 20 minutes read- ' ing time and must deal with some automotive subject. All papers must be filed in the ^ Mechanical Engineering office by 6 p. m. March 16. The six best papers will be chosen to be delivered » before the joint meeting of the Indiana and Chicago sections of the SAE together with the student branch which will be held in late ' April or early May. A total of 40 dollars in prizes will be presented to the winners of ^ the contest. The first prize will be 15 dollars, with prizes of ten and y five dollars for the second and third best presented papers. An additional prize of ten dollars will be ^ presented for the paper which excels in English composition. k , Midnight Prowler , Loots Fraternities Three fraternities were robbed night before last, by a burglar who ^ would take nothing but cash. All of the victimized houses. Alpha ^ Gamma Rho, Phi Kappa, and Kappa Delta Rho, reported that jewelry and watches laying about in plain ^ sight had been untouched. Phi Kappa suffered the greatest ^ loss, estimated at about $60. Alpha Gamma Rho lost about $40, and * Kappa Delta Rho only $7.50. Police as yet have been unable to lof cate any trace of the thief.
. . . Dean Hudson dnd his band, popular southern swingsters from West Palm Beach, Fla., will play for tonight’s regvilar mixer from 9 until midnight. Student Union officials announced that swing enthusiasts will be given an opportunity to listen in on a jam session in the Union ballroom before the
mixer from 7 to 8.
Hudson’s aggregation should have a special appeal to Brndue students, as the entire group is composed of college men who played together during their attendance at the University of Florida and for the past few years since their graduation. Nearly half of the group were members of the University Glee Club and have incorporated their talents into their style, one of the outstanding features being “Fred Waring” type vocal arrangements where part of the group acts as a chorus. Unusual arrangements of Pui'due
songs, prepared especially for this program, will be one of, the highlight’s of the swing session. Hudson’s musicians have attained much popularity with these novel arrangements. The band, having gained a reputation throughout the southern half of the United States, has also been playing over the coast-to-coast networks of the Mutual Broadcasting System, and has had a number of Pi’om engagements including Harvard, Duke, William and Mary and other eastern schools. Student Union officials announced last night that there will be no standing room at tonight’s swing session, the doors will be closed when all seats are taken.' State fire laws require a more adequate exits than are available while the present construction is being done on the ballroom addition.
Dr. C. L. Porter Returns From Six Months Stay In England; Studied Under Dr. Brown
Dr. Charley L. Porter, professor of biology, is back teaching after spending a five month period of study and recreation in and around the British Isles. Leaving Purdue the 1st of September, 1938, on sabbatical leave. Dr. Porter visited and studied principally at the University
of London.
Living in London, England, Dr. Porter spent most of his time studying under Dr. Borwn, one of the world’s leading botanists. He also attended' lectures and laboratories of the University of London, and visited most of the agriculture experiment stations in southern Eng-
land.
Returned In January Dr. Porter, professor of Plant Pathology here at Purdue, arrived home in West Lafayette around the middle of January with a collection
75 Students Attend Novel Dairy Dance Approximately 75 students attended a Dairy Carnival held in Smith Hall last night, sponsored by the Dairy Club. The affair, arI’anged by Professor Ralph Roberts of the Dairy Husbandry department, consisted of a round of games for which ■winners received bogus money prizes. Toward the end of the evening an auction was held, where everything from toy milk trucks and airplanes to ice cream could be purchased by the highest bid of bogus bucks. Dairy .husbandry and short course students made up the attendance. ,
of five or six hundred snapshots he is ha'ving made up into lantern slides for private and public showing. Arriving in England during the Munich Treaty conference, the Porter family was almost required to leave Europe because of the turmoil and prevalent war scare. The signing of the treaty dispelled this crisis however, and the rest of their stay was without interference. “Englishmen that I met were very much set against war, except for the Labor party and Jews,” mentioned Dr.
Porter as a sidelight.
English Schools Like Ours “How do English schools and the teaching systems compare with our American system?” was asked of Dr. Porter. “The University of London and Cambridge are very similar in their teaching methods to ours. I only missed one thing while I was there; that was Purdue’s dirty yel-
low cords.
“Another way they differ, however, is that they always wait for their instructor, no matter how late he is—^very different from Purdue. All of their old schools, such as Cambridge and Oxford, are so old that they are very gloomy in appearance and rather oppressive
looking.”
See King and Queen Seeing the King and Queen of Great Britain was another sidelight of the trip. They struck him as being a very respectable and good looking couple. “Roosevelt is very popular in England. Several Englishmen could not understand why he had any opposition here in the United States.” Our president’s influence in arranging the Munich treaty was the cause of this popu-
larity.
ROTC Honorary Elects 27 Pledges; Name 4 Associates Members of Scabbard and Blade and pledges and their guests danced to the music of Joe Cappo and his orchestra at their annual formal in the Union ballroom last night. The hall leading to the ballroom was decorated with battery guidon pennants. Slide projections of life at Fort Knox provided a novel back drop for the orchestra. Twenty-seven pledges and four associates were announced. Associate members announced in the annual spring pledging were; R. B. Stewart, Col. R. M. Milam, Noble Kizer, and Lt. G. W. Seaward. The regular pledges selected on a basis of scholarship and leadership by a vote of the actives were: C. F. Hotter, J. G. Eilering, M. A. Ahlvin, A. Pustello, R. F. Gerding, C. E. Bo'wman, L. L. Lyles, H. E. Schooley, J. L. Heckleman, G. E. Olsen, K. C. Houston, R. E. Houser, 0. Duckworth, A. C. Perrin, D. Butterfield, A. J. Bignall, H. W. Nevin, A. R. Cornell, C. J. Ancker, R. H. Turnbell, R. L. Reiley, J. D. Hoffman, H. L. Minkler, R. A. Specker, E. C. Schrader, G. Palikucha, and V. D. Hobbs. Sevitzsky To Direct Orchestra AtConvo Thursday Evening Returning to the campus for their second appearance of the season, the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra will play for convocation on Thursday, March 9, at 8 p. m. in the Memorial Gymnasium. The orches|;ra, under the direction of Fabien Sevitsky, has been attracting nationwide attention and many commendatory press notices since its appearance here in Janu-
ary.
Eugene Stinson, music critic of the Chicago Daily News wrote, “We must certainly congratulate Indianapolis, and those who have made the orchestra possible, upon the creation of so fine an organization.” Speaking of its conductor, Claudia Cassidy of the Chicago Journal of Commerce, said, “Mri Se'vitzsky, a tall Russian, has the Philadelphia habit of high stance and eloquent hands without'’being imitative or posturing. His approach is simple, eloquent, and intelligent. He has done wonders in two short seasons.’’ In addition to concert appearances in Indianapolis, the orchestra appears weekly on tfie Columbia Network, and has been a guest on the NBC “Magic Key” program. WBAA To Broadcast Sectional Tourney Taking the place of Campus Varieties, weekly WBAA presentation, this afternoon will be a broadcast of the basketball tourney being held in Jefferson High School gymnas-
ium.
Dick Shively and Malcolm Ross, regular WBAA sports reporters, will begin broadcasting at 1 p. m. from Jeff High and continue until the station goes off the air in the afternoon. Campus varieties will resume its regular schedule two weeks from today. Lowell S. Hardin... ... il^ponent managing editor, was removed to the Home hospital early yesterday afternoon. His conditionlast night was reported as “satisfactory.”
Team Will Attempt To Shovd Buckeyes Into Second Place After lifting the Buckeyes up into a tie for the Big Ten. lead last Monday night by defeating the Hoosiers while Ohio State was trouncing Michigan, the Boilermakers will invade the fieldhouse at Columbus, 0., tonight determined to knock those same Bucks back into second place. Lambert took 12 men to the Ohio capital yesterday afternoon, indicating before he left that he intends to stick to virtually the same lineup which out-
played the Hoosiers Monday,
'On Guard'
Ohio State is the only team in the conference besides Purdue which has beaten the Hoosiers, co-holders of the lead, having turned the trick in the opener Januaiy 7; Indiana then proceeded to win the next iMne games before the Boilermakers stopped them. Anderson Not Starting Captain Gene Anderson, still is bothered by his leg injury, although not scheduled to start, -will undoubtedly see some action during the eve- . ning. At center Weber will start, as he did against Indiana. Fisher and Igney will pair off at the forward positions, with Yeager and Beretta at gtiards. Captain Jimmy Hull will be the Buckeye to stop. The Scarlet and
Rebroadcast
Fred Beretta, scrappy Boilermaker guard, who excels in offensive play under pressure, and who has been a consistent defensive performer all season. Lion's Club Banquet Tickets Go On Sale Tickets for the annual Lion’s Club banquet are now on sale at the Union desk, Dean’s and Deckers and are priced at $1.10 each. The banquet will be held in the Memorial Union at 6:30 Tuesday night, March 6. President Elliott will address the squad after varsity awards have been presented. The Pui'due Glee club will be abetted by a demonstration of magic by Maurice Menser, former graduate student, as principal entertainers of the evening.
Because of the demand on the part of the student body, there will be a special rebroadcast of the Ohio State-Purdue game tonight in the Fieldhouse. As usual there will be a game between two freshman squads to entertain the crowd. The first half of this game will start nt 6:45 p. m. and will be followed immediately by a rebroadcast of the first half of the varsity game at Columbus. The frosh game will then be completed, followed by the rest of the rebroadcast.
Gray forward has piled up 149 tallies thus far this season, putting him two points behind the conference leader. Pick Dehner, who has completed his college career. If Hull makes three points tonight he ■will pass the Illinois star and capture the 1939 individual scoring championship. If the Buckeyes win the game tonight and Indiana defeats the Wolverines, both Indiana and Ohio State ■will tie for the title. If both games go on the other side of the ledger the result ■will be the same. However, if either Ohio State or Indiana wins while the other loses, the winner will take the championship. Monday night the Boilermakers will wind up the season on “Tommy Dickinson” night at the Fieldhouse against the Maroons.
Indiana High School Sectional Scores; Did Your High School Team Win ?
AT LAFAYETTE— Lafayette 48, Montmorenci 18. West Lafayette 36, West Point 28. AT ATTICA— Pine Village 39, Attica 37. (overtime). Kingman 27, Veedersburg 21. Williamsport 22, Wallace 11. Hillsboro 27, Covington 23. AT ANDERSON— Elwood 34, Lapel 26. Anderson 49, Summitville 18. AT BOSWELL— Wadena 36, Pine Township 32. Fowler 28, Otterbein 24. AT CRAWFORDSVILLE— Wingate 38, Alamo 26. Dai’lington 25, Crawfordsville 21. AT EAST CHICAGO Hammond 32, Edison 25. Hammond Tech 43, Lowell 27. Hammond Clark 36, Washington (East Chicago) 20. AT ELKHART— ' Nappanee 37, New Paris 32. Elkhart 38, Goshen 14. Wakarusa SO, Bristol 26.
AT FORT WAYNE— South Side (Fort Wayne) 34, Leo 17. North Side (Fort Wajme) 33, New Haven 24. AT FRANKFORT— Frankfort 65, Sugar Creek Tvi?p. 14. Rossville 34, Colfax 29. Michigantown 28, Scirdeville 17. AT INDIANAPOLIS—„ Decatur Central 31, Beech Grove 23. Shortridg^e (Ind.) 3J;, W^^iugttm (Ind.) 30. AT JEFFERSONVILLE— Jeffersonville 38, New Washington 14. Corydon 44, Henryville l9. AT KOKOMO— Kokomo 49, West Middleton 28. Greentown 44, RussiaviUe 28. AT LEBANON— Zionsville 31, Dover SIT, Lebanon 56, Advance IS. (Con|inued on page 3>^ditfiiaL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
J’SudWUiA,
' Saturday# March 4.1939
Thieves Invaded... . . . three fraternity houses Thursday night and Successfully pilfered over $95. This is at least the third time this has happened this year . . . and it probably will not be the last. Fraternity houses offer easy marks to the would-be thief. He may venture into the house and wander among the rooms with comparative safety since that is commonly done by guests at all times. Doors are usually unlocked, lights are on, rooms are open; the average chapter house has “welconie” written all over it. For example, there is the case of the Sigma Nu house which was robbed a couple of months ago. The vandal in this case took time out to shower, shave, dress up in someone’s Sunday clothes, and skip town in one of the brother’s cars. Unmolested he had the time and the opportunity to do all this— and he would have had just about the same chance in other fraternities. There has been suggested for use on this campus a plan which has met with very good success on other campuses. This plan would provide for a fraternity policeman who would start work every night at ten or eleven o’clock and make the rounds of all houses for the rest of the night. He would enter the houses, look around, turn out unnecessary lights, lock the doors, and then proceed to the next house. This man would be a regular policeman, equipped with uniform, badge, gun, and motorcycle. He would be hired by the city but paid by fraternities. At Ohio State this plan has been in use for several years. Each house is assessed about twp dollars per month to pay the policeman’s wages. To date he has caught nearly a half dozen thieves or vandals. Since Purdue has fewer fraternities it would cost each one about four dollars per month. At Ohio, however, the chapters have found that their electric bills have decreased as much as ten dollars per month since the policeman has been turning off lights. If houses at Purdue could save
the Purdue Exponent Kntered as second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locEtlly by carrier for $8.00 per year, mall subscription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief. H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager. E. M. Antonini Circulation Manhger W. F. Berg Sales Manager.... V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor. Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Bet^ Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor B. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago Boston * Los Angeles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Frederick Issue Editor—Ganzar Saturday, March 4, 1939
that much it would be well worth their while to hire such services.
to the Editor
Letters accepted for publication in this column must be accompanied by the writer’s signature and should be limited to ISO words in lengOu PURDUE IS BEST Dear Editor: I note that some of the students have been sort of grouching about a few of the professors on the faculty, Would you permit an outsider to remind the student body that Purdue is the BEST engineering school in the United States (course it is or you wouldn’t be here)—and that what makes it the best school is the fact that you have the best faculty and the best President. Alma Luginbill. DANCING PLAN To the Editor: We Are Proud—of the fine ballroom in the Union Building, of the great bands that play there, and of the reasonable admission prices for couples who love to swing and sway, BUT, who is proud of the actual dancing conditions on the floor? The jitterbugs swing high and wide and wide cutting a swath as wide as arms and legs can reach, “spotdancers” hold up the progress of “glide” lovers, and the result is a bumping, shoving, mass of tangled arms, legs, and hair. Understand, we like to see everyone have fun, and we don’t mind a crowded mixer, the more the merger! But we do suggest a bit of or-
ganization in the general movement of dancing couples. We advocate the counter-clockwise movement of the couples around the outer portions of the ballroom floor, while jitterbugs and “spot dancers” swing high in the center. With couples moving in the same general direction, we feel that the congestion and entanglement of dancing couples will be somewhat relieved. We do not advocate this idea just to see if it will work; we know it will work. It is the system used on any of the larger dance floors throughout the East. Larger and faster crowds of dancers than those attending Purdue’s dances move around with ease on much smaller floors. So—you jitterbugs, how’s about sticking to the center of the floor with your swinging arms and legs, while those who want to “go places” swing around the edge of
the floor in a counter-clockwise direction ? A plan foi the bettermen of the dancing conditions should meet with the approval of all dancing Boilermakers. Let’s give this idea a try! S. J. Tureski, For. ’39. E. W. Zuck, For. ’39 R. W. Shaw, For. ’39 Postpone Recital In Music Room Sunday Ruth and Noel Lee, youthful pianists who were scheduled to present a program in the music room of the Union Sunday, March 6, have postponed their engagement until Sunday, March 19, due to an injury to Ruth’s hand. Thais Crepps, Union vice-president, is in charge of of the program to be offered.
JUNIOR BALLROOM CLASS OPENS Saf., Mar. 4th, 7:00 P. M. FOR HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS ADULT BEGINNER'S CLASS Wed.# Mar. 9th# 7:00 P. M. P. M. Allen, Instructor Phone 2150 AULEN^S 6th & Ferry
WE LIVE' -v-x.'
STARTS TOMORROW MABf
MahI
NOW SHOWING Late Show Tonite 11:30 Out of a seething world , of battle they roar.. ; red-blood and gunpowder heroes all!.. Inspired by Kipling’s stirring lines!
Sfarrln^j GARY GRANT VICTOR McUeiE and DOUGLAS FAIRBANK$^ wlih Sam Jaffe • Eduardo CiannellhJoan Fontaine RKO RADIO'S BIG SHOW OF SHOWS!
TODAY only
ON OUR STAGE • PERSON!^,
— ADMISSION — ALL SEATS 25c T1:30-1:00 ALL SEATS 30c 1:00to2:00 2:00 P. M. TO CLOSING: 15c-30c-40c
STAGE SHOWS AT;
;20 - 3:30 - 5:40 :50- 10:00
On Screen—HELEN MACK in "GAMBLING SHIP'
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
Tramp’s—^referring to marching soldiers’ . . . dance over . . . more headaches . . . less money available . . . fine time .. . everybody’s happy —or are they ? So goes down in the diary one more finer Purdue formal ... it was a smooth idea to have moving slides photographed on the orchestra backdrop . . . something new and different and definitely very attracting . . . one advantage, fellows didn’t pay out two bucks for corsages . . . nice for them, sour for the girls . . . imports seen, as usual, flags flying, a keen military atmosphere . . . what a life! —B-B— What a fine place to lose a sorority pin ... in a fraternity sofa! Marge Stocker has at last found her long lost Theta pin . . . where do you think it was hiding ? ? ? in the large comfy sofa of the I^elt domocile! Wonder how it got there in the first place and what the occasion was! Dick might not tell . . . was just a fine situation! ' —B-B— If people must park on country roads, it’s a good idea to make sure no one knows you’re there ... especially farmers with guns! Bill Greve is mighty happy with-the thought that the bullets missed the car . . . narrow escapes sometimes - develop into tragedies, Bill .... better buy a steel bullet-proof car! And, by the way, who was the lucky girl??? —B-B— Maybe it’s old friend’s week . . . or a nice little get together ... at the Alphzeeducer house . . . out of the dumps of Chi trots little Manetta Ohmann . . . just can’t stay away from the good olde campus ... incidentally, for those interested, she will be here till Sunday! —B-B— No, nothing like domesticity . . . George “Here comes the Devil” Chisman has been having a perfectly wonderful time washing dishes for a faun in Delphi... I have heard of fishes and then again of whales, but this is absolutely the nutz! —B-B— Here comes the pins . . . must be spring or so many chums wouldn’t part with their best source of pawning material . . . co-eds must be slipping when it comes to Dan Morgenroth, triangle ... or maybe they’re not! . . . anyhow, he took a little jaunt to the University of''
‘I don’t care what you’ve decided—^we’re not staying in tonight I My face is all made up!”
Illinois last week . . . 'outcome . . . minus one pin and out of campus circulation ... oh, well, there are still 5 eds for every co-ed! . . . Dave Louis has finally parted with his Beta pin to tie up Anna Fay Campbell . . . and Edith Mills, A1 Stewart’s (private) secretary has gold digged a sparkler from grad student Lee Beach . . . and after a four month whirlwind courtship .... how’s that for gettin’ around! , . . Too Bad Willie Wells hasn’t been initiated so he can give out his pin to Katy Kerns . . . tough! —B-B— Theme song of Paul Allemang ... “Lazy Bones” ... don’t mi^nterpret the meaning . . . Paul’s tiredness is all because of his chasing a girl way down in South Bend . . . it took him two weeks to recuperate from his trance . . . then the fool goes back for more. It’s your own life . . • now live it! —B-B— Nothing like a good ole theme song for the eds . . . why should all the girls take all the razzing . . . Here’s dedicating “Jusa Kid Named
Joe” to all the eds of the campus . . . and any other campus! While on theme songs, what about giving “You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby” to G. Kellner, Debris beauty of the Alpha Chi Rhos ?
JOHN BALKEMA TIN SHOP Carl G. Butz, Prop. Tin and Sheel Iron Work of Every Description Furnace Work of All Kinds
104 MAIN
SHOP PHONE 6852
LAST DAY-
with ROBERT PAIGE JACQUELINE WELLS — and —
A MONOOR/kM PICTURE
ALSO
;6?.V
A JiieUm RANGER
STARTS TOMORROW
IT’S MICKEY’S FINEST ROLE! America's No. 1 Boy... your beloved "Andy Hardy"...wins his greatest triumph as Mark Twain's lovable hero'
Mickey ^ _ RooN&y
Ma4'k THE ADi/ENTHRBS OF
— LAST DAY--“DRUMS” IN TECHNICOLOR — with — RAYMOND MASSEY SABU
LUNA SUNDAY-MONDAY
— with — RICHARD GREENE NANCY KELLY
— LAST DAY— PETER LORRE in 'Mr. Moto's Last Warning' — and — CHARLES STARRET — in — "THUNDERING WEST"
^ 1 .'I
^ r
‘r f I
‘ i
„■ »<
Saturday, March 4,1939
THE PURDUE
SfiOilA,
EXPONENT
, (
Hfrestlers-lose; Swimmers Trip Michigan State
Kent Stale Mafmen
Crush Boilermakers
Sectional Scores--
(Continued from page 1)
Kent State’s champion wrestling squad defeated the Boilermakers this afternoon, making a clean sweep of all eight matches to score a total of 28 points. The Riveter grapplers lost six decisions and two falls to the Buckeyes. Johnny Post, Purdue 166 pounder, had the closest decision, losing his match on final tabulations of time advantage. Papushka won, 8-7. Berkheiser opened the meet, losing to Wilbur, 121 pound Buckeye, in a strongly-fought contest. Moe Aronson, Riveter heavyweight, lost by a fall to Falcone, Kent State Ol3nnpic star. Falcone was a finalist in the Olympic tryouts and went to Germany in 1936 for the World Olympics. Kent State has been defeated only once this year, by Oklahoma
University.
The Summary; 121 Pound Class—Wilbur (KS) won decision over Brekheiser (P) 9-6. 128 Pound Class—Doan (KS) won deci-
sion over Allmon (P) 10-1.
136 Pound Class—Bruno (KS) won deci-
sion over Dix (P) 16-1.
145 Pound Class—Sivon (KS) won deci-
sion over Parpurca (P) 11-3.
166 Pound Class—Swasey (KS) won de-
cision over Lederer (P) 7-0.
166 Pound Class—Papushka (KS) won
decision over Post (P) 8-7.
176 Pound Class—Aschauer (KS) threw Schreiber (P) in 7 min., 40 sec. Heavyweight Class—^Falcone (KS) threw Aronson (P) in 2 mm., 30 sec.
AT LOGANSPORT— Logansport 46, Metea 17. Young America 27, Galveston 21. AT MONTICELLO— Brookston 26, Wolcott 24( overtime). Monticello 38, Chalmers 32. AT MARTINSVILLE— Martinsville 67, Unionville 20. Mooresville 39, Ellettsville 36. Monrovia 35, Stinesville 29. AT MUNCIE— Gaston 31, DeSoto 20. Burris (Muncie) 32, Royerton 30 (overtime). AT RENSSELAER— Rensselaer 23, Goodland 22. Brook 28, Remington 25. Morocco 39, Kentland 22. AT VALPARAISO— Valparaiso 29, Horace Mann 22. Wallace (Gary) 35, Morgan Twp. 16. Froebel (Gary) 64, Liberty Center 23.
Allspaw Issues Call For Frosh Golfers
Gold Medal Billiard
Tournament Begins
Charles C. Peterson gold medal billiards’ championship matches began Thursday night as Don Forbes defeated J. Smalley 25 to 15. Last night M. H. Ingleman lost to P. H. Weisman by a score of 26 to 18. Today at 7 p. m. Ingleman will play Smalley.
When you show your school to your parents don’t forget the UNION
A reservation here
in the
cdmDAphshSL of the jt/mnMmt
will give them an ever
pleasant thought of PURDUE
THE UNION CLUB
JhL fiwuiusL WamsfuxjJL 'Union,
The Corner of the Campus-— Yet the Center of Activities
Draw Today For West Collegiate Squash Tourney
£juJdsiJv6i.
Boilermakers Take Six Events In 48-36
QlfwixJL Triumph; Lahey, Graham, Each Win Two
By Bruce Witwer
Drawings for opponents in the' Western Collegiate Squash Tournament will be held in the Fieldhouse today immediately preceding the tourney. Matches start at 1:30 p. m. and will continue, three games at a time, till all men have played for their school. Entries are limited to sixteen men per squad and the racket wielders will play two matches apiece.
We have a big basketball problem on otu’ hands tonight... should we leave Ohio State and Indiana tied for Big Ten honors or should we give our fellow Hoosiers a break and let them have the sole honor as champions ... at least we’ll have a good story to fall back on no matter how the game comes out. . . —^fc—
Chief Clevett expects strong opposition from leading Notre Dame and Michigan players. The Boilermakers are defending champions this year and are expected to be strong contenders for the crown in today’s meet.
Fencers Meet Illinois
Today In Tuneup For
Big Ten Meet Saturday
Freshman varsity golf aspirants will report at the driving cages in the Fieldhouse at 2 o’clock this afternoon for the first meeting of the year. Coach Allspaw will work the golfers into shape for matches with the varsity later when the weather IS favorable. Allspaw indicated that there is a possibility that the team will have postal matches with other freshman teams. In the past competition for freshman numerals has consisted largely of meets with the varsity.
In a final bout before the Western Conference meet, Purdue’s fencing squad will engage Illinois at Urbana today. The Big Ten tournament will be held at Chicago on March 11.
Maierson and Hoffman will be the first two foilsmen in the Illinois meet while either Marden, Pitcher or Sink will represent the Riveters as third mei| on the foils team. For the epee and sabre matches, a new system of competing will be used. Instead of four matches to each of the events, nine matches will be played. Thus Soloff, third epee man will be able to wield his epee in more events. Levin and Bob Meier, both three year veterans, will defend the Gold and Black as the first two men of the squad.
Last year, Purdue’s cage squad invaded Columbus tied for first place in the conference and started the victory ball rolling by building up a 21-12 lead in a decisive first half . . . everything was set then, but the fates held a conclave and deemed otherwise. —^fc— Inspired Buckeyes came back into the fray and scored 25 points to Purdue’s 8 to win 37-29 .. . this season’s high scorers for Ohio State led the attack last season too . . . Hull and Baker both garnering 10 points .. . Anderson made 10 points for the Boilermakers. —^fc— This year we have an exact parallel of circumstances . .. last year we were tied for first place and were knocked into second place by falling before Ohio State which was in fourth place . . . this year the Buckeyes are tied for first and we are in fourth . . . now all we have to do is win tonight to conclusively prove the old adage about history repeating itself.
mt WBAA'
•THE VOICE OF PURDUE"
-Today—
Captain Stepath will wield the sabre against the Illini. Backing Stepath, will be Weldy, left-handed sophomore.
Schmidt or Neptune will complete the sabre squad.-
11:00—Just Kids. 11:15—Carolyn Wood, soprano. 11:30—^High School Guest Program. 12:00—Charles Powell, Tune Time. 12:15—The Woman Shopper. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Market Reports. 1:00—Sectional Basketball Tournament.
To Suit You
There's an unmistakable London ai r about the new spring suits. The softie suits in pastel tweeds or the more man tailored style have that look well—fit well— wear well—for only
$16.95
Headlines for Spring!
Sheer wool in heavenly combinations of new spring colors in light and dark harmonies, stunning / examples in both plaids and monotones.
You'll have to agree— it's certainly a tweedy year. And who wouldn't succumb to its soft nubby charms in soft misty shades.
$10.95 - to - $25.00
Intramural Schedule
Court 1— 1:30—Theta Tau vs. Delta Upsilon. 2 :30—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Triangle. Court 2— 1:30—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 2 :30—Kappa Delta Kho vs. Sigma Pi. Court 3—• 1:30—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 2 .-30—Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Court 4— 1 ;30—Phi Pi Phi vs. Kappa Sigma. 2:30—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Delta Chi. Couit 6— 1:30—Sigma Chi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 2 :30—Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 3:30—Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa.
In a surprising show of power the Boilermaker swimming team defeated the Michigan State tank team last night in the Fieldhouse, 48-36. The Riveters captured six firsts while Michigan won three. Michigan won only the 300 yard medley, the 200 yard breast stroke, and the 400 yard free style relay.
Tonight's Games Will Determine Winners
Graham and Lahey each garnered two firsts while Wildhack and Tredwell earned the others. The Boilermakers also won six second places out of a total of nine events.
The summary;
In Big Ten Title Race
Tonight’s games hold the answer to the question uppermost in the minds of Big Ten basketball fans. While Purdue is trying to upset the Ohio State team on the latter’s own floor, Indiana will be battling for its first conference net championship at Ann Arbor. A Cream and Crimson victory and a Buckeye defeat would toss the title squarely in the^ laps of McCracken’s boys but if both teams win, the race will remain a tie. Ohio’s chances hinge on an upset by Michigan and a Boilermaker loss. While Purdue and Michigan might score victories, the odds favor the title race ending in a two-way tie between Ohio and Indiana. Wisconsin and Chicago will tangle at Chicago. Last Monday the Badgers scored a surprising upset over Minnesota which coming earlier in the season might have had direct bearing on the outcome of the title
360 yard medley relay—Won by Michigan State. Time, 3:15.1 200 yard free style—Won by Purdue. 1st, Graham (P) ; 2nd, Siler (P) ; 3rd, Williamson (M). Time, 2:28.2. 50 yard free style—Won by Purdue. Ist, Lahey (P) , 2nd, Tuxworth (P) ; 3rd, Lusk (M).^Time, 25.1. Fahey diving—Won by Purdue. Ist, Wildhack (P) ; 2nd, Fahmer (P) ; Vincent (M), 100 yard free style—Won by Purdue. 1st, Lahey (P) ; 2nd Gough (M) ; 3rd Armstrong (P). Time, 56.7. 150 yard back stroke—Won by Purdue. 1st, Tredwell (P) ; 2nd, Ochocinski (M) ; 3rd Whitsit (M). Time, 150.1. 200 yard breast stroke—Won By Michigan State. 1st, Oven (M) : 2nd, Crew (M) ; 3id, Moller (P). Time, 247.7. 440 yard free style—Won by Purdue. Ist, Graham (P) ; 2nd, Williamson (M) ; 3rd, Lusk (M). Time, 6.27. 40Q yard free style relay—Won by Michigas State. Time, 3 55
Harmeson Appointed Lehigh Athletic Head
Glen Harmeson, one of Purdue’s all-time athletic greats, has been appointed director of athletics at Lehigh University where he has served as head football coach since 1934. He will be ranked as a full professor and will continue as football coach.
race. Barring the unforseen from tonight’s game Captain Jimmy Hull will probably capture Big Ten scoring honors. To date he has rung up 149 points, second only to Illinois’ Pick Dehner, who tallied 151 points this season.
While at Purdue, Harmeson was a star in four major sports, football, basketball, baseball, and track. He was placed on many All-Amer-ica football teams in his senior year in 1930. After graduating he served as assistant football coach at Purdue for two years.
Fehring, Baugh Speak Ai
Riding Club Will Sponsor Breakfast Ride Tomorrow
Michigan Athletic Banquet
Tomorrow morning, the Riding Club will sponsor a breakfast ride for their members. They will leave the stables at 8:00 fof an hour’s ride and return to the stables for breakfast. Those wishing to go should make arrangements and reservations with Irvin Summers, phone 4944.
W. P. Fehring, athletic coach, and E. B. Baugh, alumni secretary, returned from Coldwater, Mich., at which place they addressed the annual community athletic banquet, sponsored by the city’s Rotary Club.
Program chairman for the affair was Warren Van Aken, ’17, and a former track and football star. The movies of the Purdue-Iowa football game were shown.
DRESS CORRECTLY
-from our wide selection of Full Dress and Tuxedo Suits. Also correct accessories—all at moderate prices.
500 MAIN ST. ^
CLOTHES SHOP INC
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS
Call or See HUNECK’S
WALLPAPER 826 Main Street
PABNT
Phone 3841
COLONIAL GARDENS
TOMMY TUCK-ER INN Why Can’t You? Dine Dance
'b/,
II
dCocoL (Ma.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TboitaUL
Saturday, March 4,1939
-k.
West Lafayette Baptist 9 30 a m—Rogei WTlliam Club Class ^\lll be taught b\ Dean Fisher. 10 35 a m —Morning Church seivice Communion seivice and reception of new members Sermon by the pastoi, “A Discovery and a Reyelation ” 5 30 p m—Roger William Club Social Hour with lunch at 6 Ob. 6 30 p m —Discussion Hour with Prof P T Brown speaking on the subject, “What Is the Christian ReligionThis is the second in a senes of Lenten talks 7 30 p m —Eyening sei vice with the pastoi speaking on “I Believe in Heaven.” Wesley Foundation 8 00 a m—Council breakfast 9 30 a m -—Co-eds Topic “Sec ond Isaiah ” Men’s class taught by Rev McFadden 10 40 a m—Di Steele will preach on “When Men Meet Christ” 5 00 p m—Fellowship Suppei Di Mosby and quartet from Indianapolis will be special guests 6 30 p m^—Di Robeit S Mosby, pastoi of the Simpson M E Church (colored) of Indianapolis will speak on “We Greet the Dawn ” A quartet from his churdh will sing St. John’s Episcopal 8 00 a m —Holly Communion 10 45 a m —Holy Communion 6 00 p m —^Young People’s Fellow ship. Presbyterian and Congregational Students Morning piogiam at Central Presbyterian Church, 7th and Columbia Streets 9 30 a m,—Discussion group led by Dr. Graves. 10 40 a m—Morning Worship,
wuth sermon by Dr. Graham. Evening program at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz Street. 6'00 p. m.—Meeting of the newlyoiganized Student Church (5 00 p m—Student Forum. Nev/ Directories... Only professors and activity offices are to receive the new student directories which will be ready for distribution by next Wednesday, March 8, according to an announcement made by Mary McClelland, Union vice-president The directories will include names and addresses of new students and changes of address of old students
MISCELLANEOUS TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $29 75 Supplies C F Bbershoff, 605 Main street. WATCHES cleaned $1 00 Mam springs $1 00 Crystals 26c and 35c Alaim clocks cleaned 50c Work guaranteed Kellar s Watch Shop 223 Main
ROOMS FOR RENT FOR RENT—One half of double lodfti for male student Twin bods 224 N Salisbury Phone 61774 VACANCY for two men students room and board Eighteen meals per week desirable new home inncrspring beds, continuous hot water thirty dollars per month 80) N Vine SI Phone 5i973
SINGLE room piivate lavatoiy Also double loom Reasonable rent Private home 4G4 Maple St Phone 4988
Freshmen Squash Men Meet at the courts Tuesday March 7 at 7 p m ladder play —KNOLL
Intermediate Dance Class First regular class will be held Tuesday March 7, at 7 30 p m in the Women s Gym —WELLS
the Purciue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Florists
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowerg Mam at 7th Phone 6050
• Professional
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST n 9 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• jewelers
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A RISK—OD.S ' HAROLD 1 RISK—DD.S LUTHER A RISK—DDJ Schultz Buildiria 4h and Main Phone 5701
R. C. EiSENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
e Locksmith
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it weH. (Opposite Poet Offioe Wellece Block 322 Feny St.
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Shoe Repair
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night letches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty Bicycles, ac--essories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N 5th St Phene 2S28
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
• Electric Shop
• Printing
See Your West Side Contractor For Your Electric Needs PHONE 5952 BRELSFORD ELECTRIC 213 STATE
IS5S r^RINTING Office SUtlonery. <, D 1 t/eddlns InvIUtioni PHONE ^ ^ CASSEL’S 408FERRY
Pnrdue Engineer: The following men report to the Engineer office Monday, March 6, at 4 p m Botsford, Fisher, Johnson, Ciockford, Branner, and Leckie —CATTERALL
interested register in the main office of the ME Building -MITCHELL
Podltry Club Members: Dues are payable before Friday, March 10th —JENKINS
do this, please notify Fishleigh, 4061 for badminton, Schiller 31741 for ping pong and shuffleboard —CASE
Amateur Radio Operators Those desiring to woik in international DX costest meet in radio club room. Electrical Engineering Building Saturday March 4, at 4pm —FRAZIER
WAA Fencing Practices Tuesday and Friday March 7 and 12 at 4 p m in the gym Tournament begins Tuesday Mai 14 —GREGORY
Union Sophomores Please report to me concerning woik shop schedule some time before Monday, March 6 Very important —RICHARDSON
Union Freshmen Will the following freshman workers please report to the Union work shop Friday March 3, at 4 p m C Brandt Gordon Chapin, G C Dodson, R Fox B Hawkinson D McDaniel, H Peterson, Call Tafel, W Yeagley, G E Adams, Charlotte Braude, M Fink Mai ion Jacobs, Helen Lange, Enid Sidei and Jeane Weil —RICHARDSON Independent Men: Anyone interested in participating in ward badminton squash or bowling sign up on respective blanks on intramural bulletin board (3-8) —MIDDLETON SAE Deadline for registration in the William B Stout essay contest has been extended until Saturday March 4 Those
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY By Enrolling in Our New ADULT BEGINNERS CLASS Wed., March 8, 7:00 P. M. P. M. ALLEN Nationally Known Instructor PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis J. SPER6 822 Main
ST. PATRICK’S DAY 'to TfxmJv FRIENDS OAui JAMILY
SmSL iJxSL C43Tn/j3&3JbiL cU^'fl^iUj o/ S^.%dbxich. CukcU. €vir DECKER BROS. 518 MAIN ST, PHONE 6477
Playshop" The spring party win be held Saturday, March 11, from 9 to 12 p m. in the Union faculty lounge There will be dancing, skits, and refreshments Get tickets from Bob Hettema or Ruth Bennett, forty cents per couple —HETTEMA
Delta Rho Kappa: Orders for keys must be given to me by Monday, March 6. —ESTEY.
Alpha Phi Omega: No meeting this week —STRADLING
Freshman Engineers: All those enrolled in GE 2 (Engineering Lectures) report as follows Saturday March 4, at 8 a m A-E room 129 Electrical Engineering Building F-K lecture room Civil Engineering Building, L-R lecture room, Michael Golden Shops, S-Z loom 264, Electrical Engineering Building —KNAPP
Ceres. Open meeting postponed -HORNER GE 62 Highways: Examinations for the removal of C grades will be held Saturday afternoon, March 4, in room 206, CE Building Students planning to take this examination must piesent the permit form countersigned by the Controller’s Office —PETTY
WAA Badminton: The following matches must be played off by Monday, March 6. L Hollingsworth, D Hendrichsort, P. Clymer, R Shlitter, M L Riley, G. Walker, N Phillips, O Blaygrace, M Wdrd, B, J. Fisher, K Merritt, L Heiser, K. Ade, E Rubright, F C Calwell, R Wiley; E Harrison, P McFarland M Schroeder, H. Haller R Swift M Baldwin, N Davidson, I Irwin , M Bailey, E Westover, D Schilling, L Thomas Courts will be available every Monday, Friday, and Saturday afternoons —FISHLEIGH.
Lambda Kappa: The regular meeting will be postponed foi one week lAll Lutheian students are invited to attend the Walter League party in the St James school hall on Sunday March 6, at 8 p m —OTT
Exponent Editorial, Sports, and Co-ed Staffs There will be a very important meeting Wednesday, March 8 in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 4 15 p m « —STANBACK
NYA Workers. Checks for period ending February 16 may be obtained at the cashier s office in the Executive Building —HOLLENSBE Scriveners Meeting Sunday, March B, at 7 46 p m at 126 West Lutz Ave Guests coming Bring manuscripts —JUSTIN
ME 31: Examination for removed bf condition or incomplete in ME 31 will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p m in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building Make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 11 —MESSERSMITH
Individual WAA Tournaments: Badminton, ping pong, shuffleboard, and deck tennis every day this week All first matches must be played off this week If unable to
CE 41 Hydraulics: An examination for the removal of C grades will he held Saturday, March 4th, in room 201, CE Building. Students intending to take the examination must report to the undersigned prior to March 1st GREVE
The Friend of Every Shirt We don’t like to brag about the extra fine service and laundering that we give every single man’s shirt, but it’s a special fact. And we have noticed that the men who use our service always look fresher, neater an J better groomed. What we’d really like to do is leave the decision up to you. Just send ns your shirts for a month or so . . . then look back and reflect a bit . . . we guarantee you’ll be happier about the whole thing I
FINE C L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTH *ES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
CUBE-WELL For Perfeef- Writing Pleasure Writes Pages With One Dipping The comb feed, reservoir style pen enables user to write without frequent dipping Smooth Writing The pen point is made of wear resisting, stainless, noncorrosive metal It guarantees smooth, effortless writing Pen Is Always Ready To Write An exclusive flow-control valve insures smooth, even flow of ink It mams correct pen point ink level in pen-well Just reach for pen and start writing immediately Visible Ink Supply Visible ink supply tells at a glance when refilling is necessary Another exclusive Cube-Well feature Smart . . . Practical Styled by Carter, the Cube-Well is a welcome addition to all writing desks Its set-back shape is the last word m modern design Eliminates ink Mixing Problems Unsatisfactory writings result when inks are mixed Now it IS possible to avoid this. The ink supply In Carter's Cube-Well can be replenished by simply calling for the ink named on the ink bottle label
Complete with Reservoir Pen and Carter Cube in Attractive Box
Fifth and Ferry Sts.
HAYWOOD’S ^‘Everything for the Office*^
Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 4085
"Doc" Congratulates You
All the way from Arkansas comes congratulations from "Doc" Anderson to the Boilermakers' squad, on their splendid victory over Indiana. "May Ohio State be next on your defeated list!"
PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Servir^e 525 Alabama Street
After You We Come First Phone 4048