,» ^ V ^ ^ / S;, J ' ‘ ' f “ ^ i V- ii » ?, ./}; , f<- '•{;¥> /'• f-‘'='’'
. :'x. . aicnTioMa . H'Md'.^^aWL
':,,rfeV": SEGtroNS’‘
ll^L?. 1' . sEGfioi^" ft
maWix »w^ *<■ > f , -t * (‘■ff fti/ *■ J,-/'^ fC^ d ^ f
VOLUME XLVin
LAFAYETTE, INDTANAf SATURDA,Y, ^iTT^MBER 12, 1936
sruifttBi 1 8aiiMtgiftiMffi3i!teft:.v
Vfw%
Rooms Skyrockets Rent / According to advance information^ the att^dance figures at
the history'of th6 school.
tation examinations this morning. This figure far-sui?passes
““ ^ the nuttiher anticipated eaWier
ROTC Corps To Have Four
Jtttilprs €^v^ IJliilprms iSeo^d SpIPester
Re-
The University R. 0. T. C. corps ^11 be enlarged to four regipaepts composed of seven batteries eaeh to accomodate the largest freshman enrollment in the University’s hisr« tory, according to a report from the hiilitary department- ' ' There will be api^tpximatel^ freshman and 900 sophomore sol-; - diets. Along with the advanced thili--tary students this group will' more than fill the Armory. GorpS Day Plan T^^ this, difle'iilty the military department haS; decided pn a new^ plan of arranging corps daysAs long as the weather permits the meeting;;ef tlm; corps on intramural field, v : the newly ^formed regi^ will assemble in back of the north '"ehd"df''SSe"Arhioiy, When the weather gets’ bad, three regiments will meet in the Armory, wfclc'^e fourthmmt wllFe^^^ , where for a lecture or an educational picture. This system whi be run on the rotation method. New Equipment New equipment has been added in the Armory. The University field( artillery unit has 48 new vehicles making it a modern truck driven unit. There are fodr small Chevrolet pickups, 12 reconnoissance trucks, 16 heavy duty gun moving trucks, and 16 light duty trucks. Another change will affect ^OhiOrs who plan to take advanced mili- : t^^i^Tlfey will riot feceive theiri tmifmiris until jthe second semester. T^ reason for this change Is thftt a few stridents drop Out during tlie first semester before they have earned enough money to pay for : theif uniforms,' The jpillors will hdveseriiof nonrcomihissioned r anking and' will sOrve as guides, colofrbOarers,' staff sergeants, arid othef .'pc^ts. ; , This system only conforms Wpth army regulations, but will assure juniors of bavirig theiruniform; ;pdid fonwbon they get them, ;
this summer. Application^ for rooms filled the University dormitories early in the summer, The increased demand^ fop ^Orins has raised the roomi rents throughout the city. Late comers are experiencing much difficulty in .finding places to stay, Starts Monday Registration opens Monday mornirig and will continue, through Wednesday. Freshmen will„ begin registering on ’ Tuesday morning. Increased enrollment has caused a drastic revision in the schedule. Distinguished students of June, 1936, may register aiiy tiriie. Uridefgraduate and Special students who have no unrenioved C, D, I, or F grades register betrreen 8 and 8 o’clock Monday. Undergraduate - and special student^ who have uhremoved C, D, I, of E ;^ades, but are.^nQt oh pfoba tion,,;vre^ster ; between 8 O’clock Mpriday and: 4:30 Tuesday. ■ Old Students , : Did students on probation register on Wednesday from 8. fd 10 h^ock, New, unde^aduate and special students register according to the revised registration schedule, to-be found on page 2, section 3, of'this issue. Graduate students registjer on Monday and Tuesday.
For another season—^fehe sixty-third in the procession of time—^Purdde extends an enCohragirig welcome to its student^; those returning |p Me campus and especially-those about to enter. May the year ahead contain and reveal the stuff from which the hoped-for careers can he developed.. ■ To gain admidsibri lo the Universif^-is fela-; tively easy. To remain in the University is rel-: ;ativelyi diffictdt. Tb dOfitinhe; iri; the University to gradiiatiori requires labilities, a^bpiriplish?: mehts, arid hspirati'orii hhbVe.the ordinkry levv eL These first days of the new year ;:May well be giveri tb perSbnUl sMolf-tUltihg, a^^ finding out, .each fOr wliothef M ehough availabie: oapital th carry orifpfofitably the afi-iinportant jSusihbss of educutibri. Arid by “capital^^ is meap capacity to W'ork, cbur^ age to work,- hnd common sense to knoW WheA W’ork is well done—-iri class rOomi, laboratory and shop, arid in the other places where life is li-ved,^ . V ''■'■■'■■I;;'-'': ; - - Getting ;the best Aram the Unir versity/mearis givmgUm hep oftyOurself to the Uhiyersity, This, though reading like an. old, ;frayed patityde, is in reality a very practical ; and time-tested fOrmulA'^^ aMdep'Sficcess. You are Purdue University, if Purdue is to be differpn| and'histter, then you must have new determination tb be differap frbriV'What; ypB’are and a new devotion to be ptter than you-wbuld he. ;;
EDWARD G. ELLIOTT.
Hamilton Play At MixeA
Central Park C as in© Rand Featured In ll©decorated BallUooiti
Dci^ris Sales Start Monday
By Wes Dwight (Editor, 1997 Pebris).. The 1937 Debris staff will begin its sales campaign at registration which starts MOnday, Sept, 14." ^ The year hook will sell fbr $4.00 at the end of the registration line. Johnny Van Natta, busiriess munager, suggests that this is the best time to sign Up for the annual pUhlication, which will opme opt next spi^rig, The price WiU increase later in;the,.aembpef. Style Of Book Deeped During, the summer mofiths. Me staff has decided on the style of'Me book and pawn up the preiiminaty ■dummy- the present timef Mis dumiriy is being whipped into shape in the Debris office.
81 Students Seek Sen^ite
B^tks At Re^strhtlon
Twenty^Two Positions WmBeFmedAtPoUs
Twenty-two representatives from' the Various University schools ■Aill be elected to the Student Uenate at Me polls to be conducted by the Senate dUririgtygistfation next Mon?; dUy(and;TU®bday. ■ The representatives will be chosen from U: total of ST students nom? muted at ;separate meetings of the sehoDls last spring;-' Gne candidate r^ll be elected ffOni each of the tpee upper elasses of all schools in tp University haying the minimum ;mhrollm.ep P SU^fplbnts Iptum^ for I’epresentation in the Senate. Voting Procedure After filling out and signing the , voting card handed him in Me Uuo o| registration, a student may vpe at the Senpe booth p tp sQ^^ , door of the by checking one Mapo bn the list of nominees front ;;'ciuse'■ ahA-.-'schooi,;'; segufaM. ballots for eaeh of the 22 position^ (iMh to page 7y section 1) ^
ConsUtMofud Chnnge Proposed On Ballots
University stUdehts Wilf he offered ari opportunity to amend the antiquated cohstitution of the PUrdue Student Fedeml'^” during registration for Me coming semester. A proposal Mut would ifaeilitate fUr tUre alterations in Me constitution and also centyalpa Me power P ntaking changes vMl he included on the Student Senate ballots handed to sophommbs, juhiofs arid seniors Monday ariAvTuesday. The umehdment danse of the constitution in effect now requires a recommendation by two-thirds of the meMhety of M® StudeiP Union, Me AeUPtles CbUricU^ or M^^ Senate; an appMval My^o-Mifbis of the memherS of/ Me^^ l^fiard; and an affirmation by twothirds of the students Mtirig en Me change. The proposal to h® voted on during registMUon Wf^ if pUSSeA give undivided auMovity of amendin^the constiMtion M Mi BeimM(Turn to pageM Sfifibh I);
’ When Gebrge lBa’'rii?tori arid- his orchestra swing into Mb melodious strains of “Get Along, You Gbildren”, his oWn ;comPOeitibri, it will be your invitation to dauee in. Me newly enlarged an(i;i / redeoprated Memorial Union Ballrpom. The mixer, starting-^at 9 o’cloch tonight, will be the second mi^pr, following last night’s darice'whieh'Hamilton,has.4>laye/i hgte. ., ' ' Talented ^Radio. 1^'^litM'ii' y Thf^same taleUtyd radio sajMii^.. heai^ed by ^Lpe' Norton; >ho ^ ’wM fame while Me over-NBG-wUl'sing tonight. . Hamilton made his, initial hid for fame in Chicago, where ke w;aB fe|(turOd for: over three years at the Drake hotel. With the opening of the CerttrUl Park Casino, New York City, George was signed for a limited engagement, but remained for over a year. Demand'His Tunes His next great success was achieved in Hollywood, Where the rifiotiori picture cblony demarided his original renditions of favOrite tunes for more than two years. One dollar admission per cpuple will be charged. ; ;;
Frosli; SnlDker
7:30 Tonight
PreshriMri; fiMoAuctbry siriokmfwill be held in the. Memorial Union Building tonight at ^ 7:30. Each school will assemble in a dosignated ropm for Me Vprpese of mooting Me meiribers of Meir Moul|s^ ThO dehri of pabh school will he in charge and will pi-esent certain of his pro? fessors and assistants Who will make short Mlks concerning Meir courses. President E. G. Elliott will welcome each ;group at Sbih® during the proceedings. ■ These smokers Will give'Mo freshmen their first chance to meet professors in the faculty of their own schpol, and they will he encouraged to meet pud; talk ‘ to each prib per-; Sonally. ■ Fraternities are urged to send all; Meir rushees M Mese smokers. BOhdezvous Dean .Potter Vdll have charge bf Me engineering be held in Mb hulDubm. ;A turai freshmbri wiU mem M thu Mb*! ulty lbUngh where the smohm will be; under Me dMeetion of fiMri BKm? nbr^ Dean JordUn will meet Mt
pharmacy frosh mAuu^ AkA 2i Thb science sMoker, wiM Deau Endera prmidMgjWilt be iri Me riieriA lounge; tAaeh Mpkle will ad? dress the physical education group in the reception The home economics glrla vWjW hseet in Me women’s lounge where Dean Maty MetMews will have charge, .
Exefputlve ' Building Nears GoMFkGtiDli Structure T© Ready F©r Oecw^ati©tt By
OiHAtinaBi
PTes. Elliott Will Greet Newcomers In Memorial
Orientation CpnvocatUm Will Introduce Deans; St&ufart To Lpad Singing At ;7:46 o’clock this moi^hg the 1938 prientatioii parngtaBit tmU Uet Under way with a Convocation for afi StUdOitM t© be held in the kiettiorial Gymnasium. Albert P. Stewart, direc-
will lead Untyersity yelkh President Edw^d C. Elliott Wili welcome thu incoming students, and Registry' R. B. Stbne will review rules coiicefning preliminary registration. Dorothy G. Stratton and M.D. Pisher, deans of women and men, respectively, will be introduced.
, Of ieiitation Teste
Dr. H. H. Remmers, director of the division of educational reference^ •will discuss Me orientation tests and their pUrpOse. The tests. Which include psychological examinations, Eriglish placement tests, and tests in composition will take up the remainder of the day. Time put will be provided for Ipnch Pres. Elliott rrill receive ail freshmen and transfer women at the president’s dinnef to be given at 5:30 in the Union ballroom. A faculty student reception in the Union will follow at 7:3d, and the evening will' he climaxed by the opening mixer dance ip the ballroom at 9
o’clock,
Placement tests, mathematical eMhlihbfions, and physical exaniinaUbris ■will he giVeii Monday; Full details of Me entire program are included in the bulletin given to every rieW student.
Auto Ruling Introduces
- .. U"' -t-
SAA Ticket Books Go On Sale Monday
$7 Is Price CBd, New Students; BklldMris See All Home fh^eiits
Student athletic ticket hobks admitting holders to all University hoirie athletic events, •will bp placed on sale at registratibn in the Armory to inaugurate Mb annual Student Athletic Associaribh drive. Officers of the assoriatlon wiR have a table at Me end of Me registration line and will offer the ticket books to all students, hew and old; at a price of seven doU|ars. purchasers of Me hook are automatically made members of the &. A; A. The ;b6oks erititlb piririchasers to reserved seats at all home varsity football games^ general- athh^ion: to a class “B” game with iMnols, and Me fitst 3;000 purchasers wiR have the pptioh oh a Mket DA Me Purdue-Chicago ganSe oh detohmr; 17, which may be purchased for an
additional 50 cents.
Iteserved Seate
'Tieket.-hhoks should, be returned to Me athletic ticket office before Sept. 21, in order for reserved seat selectiohs to be made for Me Pipr-
N© . |^c©8sary H Studeuf New Rcj^adDiis
The new Admihistratiqn Building winch was begun last spring ahd which is now nbhrihg . eompleGdhj will he ready fph outypatibh by Me Christihas hblidaysy abcofdihg to an announcement’ made this week; by Mr. R. T. Hamilton,' Uhiyefbity maintainahee supervisof. TheMuild; ing^ which may JA ldehtMe^ huge, white stone columns, is situated at the end of the NoiMwestern Avenue mall. The engineering persohnel offices had these Mb women’s personnel department^ as Well Us Mb sMdeht health service, will be located on the ground floor. The basement will be used for storage arid to house the mechanical equipment necessary for the furictiops of the building. .Offices of the dean of ; men, dean of womeri, registrar Mdc*bhlc? will; bh IpMtyd (rir Me; first floors whiia Me spePnd be pPeriiried by Mi^e; of the pfbsidentyUnd the controlling, purchasing, and aoppunting. departmente. The third fioor M^ be left unifinisbed fpr Mp Mne tying. . f’be strucMre^ abPut $376,600 is^in Me same general style of arehitectUre as oMer buildirigS pri Me cariipus,, but is Semidaced in Bedford stone. The columns at the entrance are of Mb same material. ^
■;. ;-;.:LUi?ge:Wind»W8.:',.,.. ; The bnUding wap designed with its functions fri Mind; Large wiadow areas and white ;piaster walls make Me iriibriPr very light. ComTx muniMring: entrsnebs:Are plentiful. A- E, Reinmer, a 1902 gradnate of Me school of civil engineeririig apd a University hPribfaptPr* Is Me cuntractorvpf Me job.
■ During the summer the office of the dean of men mailed pamphlets conteiniriig regulatiPns relative to students opefating motor vehicles to all undergraduate students enrolled in Me University -last semesieri A reMmb of the rulings follows,: Btridents Wishirig to operate an automphile at Mb University, up? less of age and independently supported, mnstMaVe Mem parents mail a written consent ,tp Me AOibe of Mb bn^tyi^briderit; of tty physicai bityt. student^ Mrist bayp a, descriptjiph; of his Vehiclb recorded ip: Mis arid :inust: pbsseM/apd prtytyt Db: irispebtipri his Indiana driver’s tybnse.' Green And Red Tags Students . complying with Mb abPyb ;pbndiriorisj apd- presenting proper insurance . policies wiU receive a gfeen card arid green iden^ tification tags; Those not present-, irig Me j^lipy will have red insignia. The tegs wiUlty al$2bd ty Mb Service and Stores Building. % No fees will tyltyid -ty tty, 4ent if he copaplips vriM Me styve reguiatioris. Those pperating a motor yehicle witbout Me proper recording and MeritificatiPri yrill bb ctytyed U latb motor rbcprdmg fee of $5,00; late payment of this fee yrill Add, 13^96■■■’■''' The University, through Me dean of men, tyseryesMe right to cancel driving privUegeA Students operatiHg motor Vehicles must comply trith mtmicipal arid campus drvytyi regulatipna* ■ - Gapipus driving and pafkirig rules will be published in a later editiPn of Me Eapbnety Fritephleta containing Me ; tymplete rulings may be obtained ai^ the office Of Me dean of men.
NEWSTOPENTS
'■:; See-'; revltyd;■ Aregtyratity;' ,:tytydule'''Mr'' nty';ityMrg*aty';: ate and spetyfi page % seettyi 8, et Mte ty|Kub
Homecoming will be on. Oct. 10 wiM the Purdne-Wisconsin gamor and Dad’s Day on Nov. 21 wiM Me Pur-due-Indiana game.^ ^cket hook holders axe-alaP entitled to seats in preferred sPetiona to all home basketball g^esj. admission to all varsity hasMatt „ ganies and track contests here, sutdf / admission to all minor sPort counters. ? Since indi'vidual tickets to these events would total about $21i ticket book >pty(tyseM make.a about $14. Only as many ticket books will be sold as will Itymut Arrangement of seating facUities at hssketball gamesu .. ^
Is It A Bet?
■y
“Knock! Knoekr »WlHi%tkere?^* “Resonrees.” ‘Resonrees who?” ^ “Resonrees never wnt when I bet on them.” . . • ^ Yes, we know thaUs pretty bad,: but just Me same iFs true. Few followers of Me race tracks are: Con-r. sistent winners. But Mere’s one sure bet yon^cam teaty.' ;; It costs just 50 cents more tiriui a $2 rape track bet. That’s Me bet you mafise in getting a subscription. M *he Purdue Es:ponent. Weil bet that you get a fuB coverage of all activities by readhag Me Exponent... am) tetyn, side bet that you’U be sorry if you d.elay putting your name on Me dotkad line.
Call at Deac*s» SouMworM’hv Me Umoh dbty table in tbe
your subscription. By earrier, $St5B per year; by maii,^ ^50. Send mm home to Me folks.
went to Technische Hocbule m Aty chen, Germany, as American eat? Mango studerit tyr Ity
master's degtyt at Pnedne. last August.
iMi' /Y' 'v‘,
THE PURDUfi
SIS'
;hC'
'I .
|vX'>
'4'^
Pordue University is the largest technical school in the woiid. With the largest freshman class in history expeetedto report for the tirst time this morning, Purdoe will continue among the foremost universities in the country. A new Administration Building, almost completed, and the new Memorial Union additions will greet those who are retoming. They will also serve to show the class of 1940 how definite the spirit of progress is in Our University. Freshmen will be undergoing a great change in the next few weeks. Most of them vrill perforce adapt themselves to an entirely new mode of living. The majority will make successes of their college careers; the usual minority will prolmbly he failures. Success or failure—a choice confronting every entering stu-dent-4s entirely a matter of hard work for most, because few without ability even seek to enter Purdue. Anyone can get as much out of his four years of University life as he or she puts into it. This may seem to be a useless old adage, but it has been proven time after time.
This Rush Proposition
The entire question of fraternity membership has been argued many times. I sincerely believe that the propriety of Greek affiliation depends wholly on the individual. Some men, and women, will receive many benefits from fraternities or sororities; to others, the benefits are inconsequential. Each person must decide for himself. > One phase of fraternity rush, which is, I am happy to say, assuming a minor importance, is “hotboxing” in its many forms. As a general thing, I cannot recommend joining a fraternity which tries to force itself on the rushee. Any house Which tries to fill its quota by vigorous and long-winded arguments in a locked room or by threatening to withdraw its offer of pledgeship if it is not accepted immediately is not worthy of existence. If a fraternity is of the right sort, it will not withdraw such an offer, nor will it use any unfair means. Unfortunately'there are a few groups which insist on rushing in a manner unfair to the prospective pledge. A rushee can be almost certain that, if he should affiliate with such a fraternity, his school life will not be as beneficial or as pleasant as it might possibly be.
Nearing The End
What may be one of the final steps in Nazi Germany’s persistent campaign to get rid of the Jews was announced in Berlin recently. The government order which virtually confiscated one-fourth of each Jew’s total assets is expected to do the trick. Officially, it is said to be merely a measure tx) keep them from escaping into other countries with their money. The Reich Escape Tax amounts to that same percentage, and so the 25 per cent is called “security to assure pajrment’’ of this tax, it being assumed they will move abroad as soon as the opportunity offers itself. This order means that most of the Jewish businesses face economic ruin. Very few concerns anywhere can suddenly withdraw one-quarter of their capitals and still continue to operate. The only hope is that the order might be rescinded, since the failure of so many businesses would inevitably throw many “Ary®os” out of employment. On the other hand, the Reich might confiscate the entire concern if it were forced to shut down. At any rate, this order is a definite blow to the Jews who are unfortunate enough to be in Germany at the present time. It is an unmistakable attempt to continue the campaign of persecution which apparently is so vital a part of Hitler’s policies.
Readers’ Opinions
Hie Exponent welcomes comments of good 'taste and reason-
able length from its readers.
Illegal?
To the Editor: I ain an unorganized upperclassman. This summer I received a postcard from the Purdue Independent Association asking me to vote for its candidate for the Student Senate at registration this fall. According to
^ttrhue exponent
Founds in 1883
1936-1937 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST
Member of National Cidlege Press Aslociation, Big Ten Editorial Affffodutfon EzclnsiTely Bqtiesented by National Advertising Service, Inc. 420 Madisim Avenue, New York City-
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, In- < diana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6038 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF EditoP'in-Chief W. T. Hunt Managing Editor— E. H. Morris Awodate Editors .....JC. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. £L Forster, B. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
SPORTS STAFF Sports Bditor..—.......... L. D. Wood AMbeiate Stports Editors.. ..,..W. H. Fifleld, a B. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
RtrSlNESS STAFF Business Manager;...:.... Nattoual Advertising Manager...... Eocal Advertising Manager...... Cincnlslion Manager....,..,...„..,...„
B. J: Hulse L. H, BroUrn D. 0. Miller J. P. Girard
WOMEN'S STAFF Bdltoir.....;-,:„~....,...;.«. Helen Creech AdwrirtisiUS Manager. Betty Barnett Ajwoetete Editors........ —deanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elisa^h Pyke
I
^0 election rules printed in the Ibcpbnbiit last sibling;; it is supposed tb be illegai or uheonsUtulional or soinqthing to have any such publidty. I don’t know why anyone should want to be a tuember of the Student Senate sinceJUat august bddy Apparently does nothing and has no power to do anything if it wanted to. But just the same, some independents evidently want to, if only for the empty honor and distinction. As far as I aUi concerned, P. I. A. has no value if it is going to turn into a mere political machine. It should be primarily a service organization.-^G. M.
Editor’s note: The action of P. I. A.' certainly does seem underhand and improper. Final action, however, must come from the Senate Which was so maltreated by G. M. I certainly do not approve of the entrance of P. L A. into politics unless that organization also plans to increase its services to unorganized students.
In
By CADWALLAPBR
The Exponent -will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
An Ideal Is Accomplished
This column is the writer’s dream of What a real column should be. In it I shall write like Walter Diiranty, “as I please.” No censorship of any sort shall be imposed upit)n .iny words, nor shall my subjects be subjected to approval. This is possible only because the Exponent refuses to accept'the responsibility for any opinions I might be inclined to offer. Therefore, be it understood that what I write is solely my own. When the opportunity to write for this paper was offered to me, I accepted on the condition that my identity be kept secret. I chose the name “Cadwallader” as my smoke screen, this being particularly appropriate because it means “battle arranger,” and I certainly do not intend to dilly-dally around with useless words when I have something to say. I shall not purposely seek out trouble, but, if I should happen to encounter it, I will not evade the issue. I am neither socialistic nor reactionary in my beliefs. I hope I am considered amenable to reason. Although readers may not, and probably will not agree with everything I write, I trust they will believe I am sincere. , .
Greetings And Advice
During this week the largest group of freshman co-eds ever to enter the University has been assembling on the Purdue canipus; today begins the arduous orientation exams. To you, beginning the njjost pleasant four years you have yet experienced, we, who are on the last lap, would extend the most heartfelt welcome. The adoption of a more thorough meptor system will aid you in smoothing out your problems and in becoming better adjusted to a changA^jil environment. Mentors, selected on the basis of their' ability to understand and aid the freshman co-eds, are interested in your welfare, and, while each upperclassman has been assigned five freshman mentees, she will find no difficulty in lending a helping hand. Within the next two weeks the period of formal rush will be opened. This year a plan of deferred rushing has been initiated. The success or failure of the innovation will, in part, depend upon the maturity of your judgrment and the assurance with which you conduct yourself. This new plan, carefully worked out by the Pan-Hellenic Council, has, as its purpose, to insure wise decisions by the sororities and the freshman co-eds. Complaints have been made in the past that rush has covered too short a period and consequently both groups may have regretted their action. This plan of a somewhat less formal rush should permit the establishment of friendships and remove that feeling of breathless haste. Still on the subject of sororities, we would say to you although you won’t believe it today, that pledging is not the most important aspect of college life. There will undoubtedly be disappointments on the part of some freshmen, but it isn’t a matter of life and death whether you pledge Nu Nu Nu or Omicron Omierdn. Select a group of girls with whom you feel that you can live congenially for four years. After rush is over if you are invited to pledge by the group which you rated as number two on your preference list don’t go home because you feel that college would be meaningless without a certain Greek crest on your stationery. University life has a great number of thing^ to offer and it is up to you to seek out for yourself those which will provide a rounded, well-balanced life.
A man without mirth is like a wagon without springs, in which one is caused disagreeably to jolt by every pebble over which it runs.—H. W. Beecher.
As good to kill a man as to kill a good book; who kills man, kills a reasonable creature, but he who destroys a good book kills reaso^ iteelf.—J. Milton.
Do hot waste your time on social questions. What is the matter with the poor is poverty. What is the matter with the rich is uselessness.—-G. B. Shaw.
Be a Columbus to whole new continents and worlds within you, opening new channels not of trade, but of thought.—^Henry D. Thoreau.
1. Establish student SELP-government.
2. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary
fees.
8. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Eliminate all campus politics.
ROGER^S GARAGE and DRIVE.lT.V6tJRSELE SYgfEM
■ Coinitiete 24-Hour Service 316 M. I^urtli SL Phone 6465
ifewetry iktmpany
East Side of Square^
PINE JEWRiLRY
ARC
Double Fentare k ALWAYt ISC
Sun., Mon^ Tnee. MAE WEST
in
“KLONMKJE ANNIE” nnd ' EDWARD ARNOLD in- ■ “President Vanisfaes”
WED. ONLY
“Peck’s Bad Boy” “Catde Thief”
ISC Double Feature ISC
FAMILY
SUN.-MON.
The lovable lunatics of “Hands Across the Table” mix madness with melody!!!
ADDED JOY! OUR GANG COMEDY
Last Times Today
BELA LUGOSI in ''MURDER BY TELEVISION" and "YELLOWSTONE”
thundering
JAMES FENlMDlffi cbCil^BR’S Ceiehmted dassic, read and loVed by
millions
Hawkeye, Chingachook, Major Heyward, Cora and Alice—all the famous characters who moved adventarotisly through the pages of the book now Uye on the screen in one of the most glorious portrayals of a nation’s history!
Here at last is a picture that matches the grandeur of the epoch it portrays! ,
Starts
tomorrow
LUNA
Last Times Today DOUBLE FEATURE WARREN WILLIAM
“Case of Velvet' Claws” and “Hollywood Boulevard”
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
WELCOME BACK TO OLD PURDUE
AND THE-
.K '\:A ' I;' I I * ' ’■h, - IT/ t f -1. s ‘ ^ ’ keip^wibfty ,12,‘ 1&S6. i . -
’ THE POEDOE EXPONENT ' ' ''"P'' 'JlIJ. "
aeteeBaBMEBae
'
Pierce: is aft alfttaftiisi: the title of; “Handsomest Gftiripns*’ is ' open :^“HEpG’^: Shdemaken M^ho stftffed tb^: bftUot box to \dn;the HERO conte^ duping ;summw school, ftn-, ftoimced yestprdky that he considered himseli the No. 1 man for the eampfts beaufy post. The real hero of the day» however, is the senior whb didn’t say a thing when his fraternity brothers told hifti there would be 700 beautiful freshman women this year . . . or iftaybe he was,just dumbfounded ... who wouldn’t be ? With cocky smile And cigarette, -i ,. The freshman en^ Lafayette^ A girl back home He says she’s hot. He thinks, she’s lonesome, •But she’s not. The Faculty With lots of brains. He says, they give him Shooting pains. Frowning Seniors stern as Fate, Cramp his Style When he makes dates.
HERE COMES ADVANCE GUARD Baltimore Clothes Shop
A lot of work, A lot to eat, A lot of brains : ^v«^ora‘ipttceii';. ■'A''cap.;'idf:'green-.v' Above Kis face, ' A spht'ofpeil;. ^ A^ Now Prbeh with frosh The school is .stormed. They all must getitly , Be r^rmed;. T —-Shades of
’33.
‘^nock, Enbck.” “Who's There “MARS PASSES.” " “Mars PASSES WHO?” “MARS passes will be awarded next week for the best ‘Knock, Knock’ submitted. Leave ’eni in the Union Box.*’ '
Baa, Baa Black Sheep , ^ Have yon any wool? WhhCthe :AeckTyia?>ihil[^?^^ FdathersfTv.'V''
WBAA To Progiraitia ^Cpt. 21 W'BAA, owned and operated by Purdue tTniversity on a frequency of 890 kilocycles, wrill begin its regular daily broadcasts Sept. 21, operating from 11' a. m. to 4 p;: m- At the present time the station is working on a restricted schedule, transmitting but” two hours daily. Considerable work has been done recently reftiodcling speeclr imput equipment and the antenna system for the purpose of increasing signal strength. These improvemente.
hbupled ^th:^ latest model tnic^ophtiftas similar to those •in bse in ll^C makes this station compare Very favorably with commercial enterprises oper aidng upon a niinch larger scale. Four new studies in the tlniOn addilidh especially adapted for broad casting round out a list of transmit^ng fadlities of which the Uniyersi^ is justly proud. Purdue Grad In Charge Technical station operation is in Charge of John Hammond, a Purdue graduate in electrical engineering, While programs and announcements are handled by C. E. Dammpn. Both freshmen and upperclassmen are eligible for membership on WBAA staffs, and those in charge of the station are anxious that students with radio talent try but. Programs, announcing, btc., are
WEST SIDE CLEANERS SAY
Welcome both to Purciue and to our new cleaning establishment. Out fine cleaning is made possible by our modern methods and ecjuipmetit. We welcome you—may we welcome your clothes? CLEANING - PRESSING - REPAIRING
222 North Street
ACROSS FROM FIRE STAtlON
Phone 4081
xlmilnnEiniitiWiirftiiiiliiliiiti^ ^ ,i..
dwab^d to the mb^ bf the Mitdidates, Those interested in technical woi% should report to lb; Hammond in the £lectri<nid Build-
ing, while aiQrone wishbig to go si; the air an amteiaieer or progrtun manager should see cC B. Ikmaatm, room 208, Admhiisbwtkm Ihdldiflg;
Hp#
Grip Of A Friendly
Put your hand firmly under the arch of your foot; The firm support you feet is just the effect this jarman Fiddly shoe will give your foot. This “Friendly Grip’* suppenta the axdi and is your assurance of foot cotnloct. Xt built in the shoe witik tbe smne smart style that is found in all our Jarman in "Fri«a«Ur J|„ Otoe*. xTfj^iigiy stioes. Jarman "Friendlg Grip" Stgles ^5 Bostonians af!!^.85 Forlunes at ^.00 B&WShoeCo. 121 North 4th street
■:vS7;*
s') '■j ji/
'‘.I, ?■■
>>)■(
i . " ' r , . ^ / 'V ''^ H/iS'
THE PURDUE E:&P0NENT
Saturday, September Ig,, 1906
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichiy
Follow “Grin and Bear It” daily in the Exponent.
Summer School Highlights
\ “Would I be wasting my time selling insurance if it wasn’t for your own good ?”
*%ichty’*Is Lichtenstein His Mothe^ Calls Him George Maurice
Can you “grin and bear it”? If you can’t the newest edition to the Exponent humor columns will be hard for you to take. “Grin and Bear It,” a cartoon gag feature which is gaining nationwide popularity, will appear daily in the Exponent. Its author and artist is “Lichty”, or as his mother would call him, George Maurice Lichtenstein. He is a young man ... 30 years old . . . and his favorite pastime is giving a new angle to some of the old gags. He was born in Chicago in 1906, graduated from Lane Technical High School in 1924. Launched On Kick His art career was officially launched in 1924 when he was unceremoniously “kicked out” of the Chicago Art Institute for putting gag lines under stately Rembrandts and El Grecos hung in the institute’s halls. He says he’s been a bum ever since he graduated from the University of Michigan in 1929. In 1928 College Humor awarded him the art award for the best hu-
morous cartoons submitted. He invested his prize money in a “flivver” which recently went to pieces from the hard knocks received during his “bumming”. Editor Of Gargoyle While in college he was editor of the Gargoyle, humor magazine. After graduation he joined the staff of the Chicago Times, where his first comic strip, “Sammy Squirt”, was born. “Sammy” died when “Grin and Bear It” was born in March, 1932, ' “Lichty” is famous for greeting his co-workers with “Gotta gag?” ... his ability to sleep at any time in any position regardless of noise of presses, copy boys and telephones ... his consumption of vast quantities of fruit. He is, perhaps, most famous for his quaint way of strolling through the halls with a feather duster tucked neatly under one arm, saying he is “dusting off the old ones.” “Lichty” lives with his wife in Evanston, 111., loves sailing on Lake Michigan and spends his spare time painting marine oils.
June 11^—Oveir 900 students register for summer school, 15 per cent more than a year ago. June 12i—Reception-Mixer. Students dance to Kenny Ebershoff’a Gold and Black Aces after meeting officials and fellow students of the University. June 15—Science Leadership Institute opens. Classes dismissed for convocation at which President Elliott and Dr. W. B. Pitkin speak. Dr. Pitkin points out to approximately 1,000 listeners what the world was really like should they suddenly view it from the standpoint of a man from Mars. June 15-25—Dr. John R. Oliver, Mr. David E. Ross, Mr. William B. Stout, Mr. Frank Watson, Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt, Dr. Ralph Marshall Davis, Dr. Hornell Hart, Rabbi Morris Teller, Dean Mary Matthews, Dr. T. B. Rice, Dr. E. H. Shideler, and President Elliott-lead Science Leadership Institute. June 17—Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt speaks on better housing at AllUniversity convocation. President and Mrs. Elliott entertain Mrs. Roosevelt, Governor and Mrs. McNutt at a luncheon in Mrs. Roosevelt’s honor. June 21—Two thousand attend first outdoor sing of sacred music under the direction of Mr. A. P. Stewart. Held^in Ross-Ade Stadium. June 23—Two plays, “Backstage” and “Thank You, Doctor,” presented before enthusiastic crowd of 1,500 persons in Ross-Ade Stadium.' June 26—Paul Barker and his orchestra of Ihdianapolis play for 200 dancers in the ballroom of the Purdue Memorial Union. June 28—Ross Camp noses out 9-5 victory over Summer School team. Losers outhit Ross Camp team, 12 to 7, June 29—Dean bukes opens Monday evening informal science chats. June 29—Faculty members return from forty-fourth annual meeting of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education. July 2—Over 350 students and faculty members attend Summer Session picnic at Ross Camp. Refreshments and display of fireworks featured in program. July 4—Independence Day vacation. Many students, who remained at Purdue during the Fourth, see Elgan Dowell win the Lafayette Soap-Box Derby. July 10—On hottest dance night of the year, 100 persons danced to phonograph recordings in faculty lounge and adjoining veranda of Union Building. July 15—Shoemaker, Union prexy, triumphs over Hugh Morris, Wes Dwight, and Walter Burnell in HERO Contest. July 16—Over 4,000 students and townspeople joined in the second outdoor sing in Ross-Ade Stadium. Mr. A. P. Stewart, University director of music, leads program. July 22—Purdue Summer School Playshop presents last series of plays before crowd of 4,000.
Red Sleight At Lehigh
Red Sleight, ’30, one of the greatest tackles ever to wear the Old Gold and Black and a choice for the All-American team of 1929, is now working as assistant coach at Lehigh University, Bethlehpm, Pa.
Browne &
STUDENT LAMP
Sharpe
SPECIAL
MACHINIST
Green or Brown
TOOLS for Shop Classes. Al-
89c
so others at popular prices.
While They Last
STUDENT SUPPLIES
Locker Padlocks 10c, 25c, 45c, 85c, $1.00 2 ft. Folding Rules 10c, 15c, 40c, 60c, 95c Key Chain „..10c
50c and up
Remington Pocket Knives
Large Assortment
ELECTRICAL SUPPLIES Key Sockets 15c Chain Pull Sockets 20c Cube Taps* 3 Way 10c Double Sockets i 10c Attachment Plugs 5c Double Extension Wire 4 ft. 5c H. E. 8-in, Bent Scissors $1.00-$1.50 We Make Keys.. 25c
WASTE PAPER
G.E. MAZDA
BASKETS
LAMPS
10c-20c Paper
10, 15, 25, 40, 60, 60
25c Metal
Watt Bulbs 16c
25, 60 Watt
Large Metal
-^Jaylight 30c 16, 30, 60 Watt
90c
G. E. Bulbs 10c
If It's Hardware—We Have It
Edgerton Hardwarjt, Inc. 221 State West Lafayette Phone 4354
Announcements has been made of the marriage of Miss Genevieve L. Lippolt, of Boulder, Colo., to Prof. Alfred P. Poorman, of the applied mechanics department. Professor and Mrs. Poorman are spending a month at Boulder, Colo., before returping to West Lafayette.
We Sell Parker Pens and Pencils R. C. EISENBACH
Jeweler and Optician 504 Main Street
We carry a complete line of Parker Pens and Pencils
H. B. Lodde 419 Main
PSST!
Bossung
is the place for
Shoe Repairing
In Rear of VARSITY BOOT SHOP
You’re Always Welcome at the Purdue University Airport
O
You’ll probably pever get another chance to learn to fly at such low rates, so why not come out today?
REDUCED RATES $6.00 an Hour Flying Instruction $6.00 an Hour Solo Flying CAPTAIN ARETZ, Lesse^ Purdue Uiliversity Airport
With the Pen That Students Rate Highest BY ACTUAL VOTE
Invented by a College Professor to Bring Ton «,i ^ Bigber Grades
.’A coUeee professor noticed that
idet
poor grades are often due not to
brair . • -
brains running low but to pens run-
ning dry!
So he worked out an utterly different aud basically better pen principle —and Geo. S. Parker engineeredi it to perfection.
Thus came the revolutionary Parker sacless Vaciunatic that has super--seded every old-style pen—^both sactype and sacless.
Recently the student editors of 30 college papers asked 4,699 of their readers, ’which make of pen do you own? Which pen do you prefer?” To both questions more students answered "Parker,” than any other two makes of pens COMBII^D! One reason is that the Vacumatic
ink Bup^y is EVER-VISIBLE, the
IIUS
It
EiVTlRE length of the barreL isn t merely last-drop visibility' doesn’t merely show when your pen *Bympty« It shows days ahead WHEN IT’S RUNNING LOW, so it can’t
run dry against your wUl.
The Vacumatic’s working parts ore seaJed in the top WHERE INK CAN NEVER TGUCH THeSCOT never decompose them. That’s w^^ miracle j»en is GUARAN-
TEED mechanic
ly perfect.
^d Ac Parker Vacumatic has no rubber ink sac or lever filler—hence
*Rirker
HSCHANICS
^ room for 102% more ink without increase in size!
SUASaNTCIS MSCHANIMUV nSHt*
Junior, $Sf
Pendls, $2,50, $9.50 and $5
Its lonunous, laminated Pearl style has won every pen Beauty Contest by 2 to 1. Go and see it today at any f qod store sellins pens. The Parker ’•n Co., Janesviue, Wis.
To Make Any Pen Clean Itself Tty this utterly different writing: iak— Qu^nA~an ink that dissidves deposits left in pens by ordinary inks. Qu ink aeapaea a pen as it writ ' ~
5U-20 Main St
COME IN AND SEE THE
lARKER YACUMATK PER AT OUR PEN AND PENCIL COUNTER
DECKER’S
Phone 6477
We Sell All Parker Pens and Pencils and Quink Ink H. G. “Deac” REISNER STUDENT BOOK SUPPLY STORE
We carry a complete line of Parker Pena, Pencila and Quink Ink SOUTHWORTH’S■'■a
.,5 •*
''K. ('
''f i''^
' 1.'lx u
p
f
Satuyday, gep^itbet Ig. 1986
THIS JPUilDtJE BXEbNBKIP
/ " ' ’ >'w 'i-' y,/ 't ^
You Too Can Learn To PlUy The Phonograph-Or Can You? Musical Library Available To Victrola Virtuosos In New Union Addition
With its tiew additions complete, the Purdue Memorial Union is ready to continue its funetioU in student life, hoiig a favorite meeting place of students, its new facilities will probably make it an even more pop ular place. Five bowling alleys in the east end of the sub-basement are being completed. Student and faculty leagues will be formed and play will be conducted in much the same manner as the present intramural sports. New Grill The new large grill in the ground floor will serve plate luncheons, steak dinners, and sandwiches, as well as fountain specials in order to supplement the service of the cafeteria, sweet shop, and Chestnut room. The billiard room has been extended, the new portion being known as the “gam6 room." Pingpong tables have been installed, and tables for cards, chess, and checkers are provided. Browsing Room On the main floor, the new browsing room is ready for use. Over seven hundred books have already been placed on the shelves and more will be added until the shelves are full. Books were selected from the lists circulated through the University last spring and from lists from other universities having similar rooms by Prof. W. M. Hepburn and L. W. Josselyn, of the University library, and a committee of fifteen. Wraps and parcels must be left in the check room, and the books may not be taken from the browsing room. Since the room is for recreational reading, no text book studying will be permitted. Offices of L. M. Vallely, manager of the Union, will also be located on the main floor, along with two conference rooms, which will be used for conferences and meetings. . Music Rooms One large and three small music rooms are located on the second floor. The smaller room's are acoustically treated and Will be available for broadcasting, .choral practices and meetings of all kinds.
DOUBLE Special Name Stationery for September Only
DOUBLE CHECK PRINTED STATIONERY Double th^ regular quantity f
200 SINGLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
100 DOUBLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
$
Printing On Sheet! and lEnvelepea in smart new fettering atyles. Blue, Green,
Brown or Violet Ink.
V Printi
velopi
V
Fine quality paper in pastel shades of Blue, Ivory, Green or Orehid Double Check.
Quality! Quality!
An outstanding printed stationery value for September Only! Stock up now for future use and for gifts!
HAYWOOD’S ^DETAIL DEPT. Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette, ind.
The large music room with its indirect lighting system will be used for musi6 and art appreciation. It is equipped with an acoustic ceiling and heavy carpets. It will contain an automatic phonograph and a new grand piano to be selected by music Witics from three now in the room. The Victor Library of the World’s Best’Music will be available at the new office desk from which-individ-ual students may check albums of records for use in the room. The first time a student uses the phonograph
be will b^'given instructions in the use of the device which is expensive and intricate. Broadcasting, rehearsals and music forums ^will also be held in this room. Canopied Driveway A canopied driveway off Grant Street will piake this end of the building an ideal entrance in disagreeable weather. The addition is entirely of the same architecture and finish as the rest of the building. At the west end of the Union, improvements have also been made. A thirty foot addition to the ballroom was completed last spring, and during the summer workmen have laid a new maple floor which is expected to wear better and more evenly than the oak floor which was previously lised. A neV^ ventilating system for the
ballroom alone, costing $17,000, will make the air inside more pleasant than that outside. Two emergency exits, required by fire regulations, have been installed at the north end of the ballroom.
/
V. ft. Butz Gets Job On Farmer’s Guide
Verio R. Butz, of Albion, Ind., class of ’36, started to work on the editorial staff of the Indiana Farmer’s Guide at Huntington, Ind., the first of July. Butz worked on the Exponent for three years as well as working in the University publicity offices last year. As a senior, Butz was president of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, and was a member of the Gala Week committed.
HARD WORKING EYES NEED PRORER LIGHT
©S'
Authorities at the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis found that the intensive studying necessary for midshipmen to maintain scholastic standards was resulting in eyestrain and impaired physical condition. Investigation showed Improper lighting in study rooms was the cause. Now midshipmen study at desks lighted by I. E. S. approved lamps as standard equipment.
An Approved L £. 5. Study Lamp Protects Eyesight Take a tip from Annapolis! Perhaps the lighting in your home is causing eyestrain. Avoid this danger with Better Sight lampi approved by the llluiirinating Engineering Society. These lamps are avail* able in tabl^, bridge and floor models, handsomely finished and every one bear-
ing the I. £. S. approval tag, certifying the efficienqr of these lamps. You cdn hart Proper Ughi At LOW COST It costs only a few cents a day to have proper lighting in your home to protect precious eyesight that cannot be replaced. See the new Better Sight lamps at your dealer’s or our showroom.
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA
SEE THE NEW BETTER LIGHT-BETTER SIGHT LAMPS AT
DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Prices $3.75 up
Phone 6477
I. E. S. Lamps *2^ t. $395 SOUTHWORT H’S
H. G. (Deac) Reisner has sold many of these I. E. S. lamps
Huffman Dnij Co.
305 State St. Phone 4m
VWelcome Freshmen!
Don’t miss trying one of our double rich malted milks—^the talk of Purdue students fo:i^be-’past 12 '
years.
Guy E. Huffman
P. U. im
WELCOME TO OLD PURDUE
BEST WISHES FOR THE SCHOOL YEAR!
REMEMBER PENNEY’S SAY n WITH VALUES!
SCHOOL SLACKS
FALL
STYLES!
WORSTEDSI CASSIMERES!
OTHER STYLES—$2.98-$3.98
SHIRTS-^SHORTS 25c eack
DRESS SHIRTS 98c
Fast Color Broadcloth Shorts Swiss Ribbed Shirts!
Whites, plain and fancy fast color Shirts, pre-shrunk
ALL WOOL SWEATERS
$f.98
latest vm size STYLES! ^1 36 TO 46 OTHER TYLES—$2.98-$3.98
FRESHMAN CAPS 39c
X
Terry Cloth Towels
I5g
Wash Cloths
9 for tOc
Good Humor Razor Blades
.Pkg. lOc
Awon Shaving Cream
25g
Avon Shaving Cream
2$e
After Shaving Lotion
25e
LAUNDRY CASES $1.15
LEATHER JACKETS
COSSACK $A.90 SIZES STYLE 36T04G ANOTHER GROUP AT S5.90
V *
FANCY HOSE WORK SUIIS 25c $1.49
Pftsin and Fancy Patterns
Sizes 10 to 12
Good quality blue or grey stripe, denim. Sizes 36 to 46
COTTON FLANNEL ROBES
$2-98
RAYON S7.98 BLUE, GREY, GIRDLE Ms WINt, BROWN MEN'S WOOL ROBES AT $5.90
FELT SLIPPERS 49c Felt uppers, soft, cushion soles; sizes 6 to U.
TENKIS SHOES
79c
Odorless insoles!
Atr-cooled uppers
af9Be
Oth«ni
CO-EDS' GYM SHOES
79c
Regulation While
Pay Us ^ Visit, It Will Re Watt WatW Yoas ttmal
SHOD OUR WINDOWS!
J. C. PENNEY
uPAYrm, IND.
a • 5,'' V AtV > i
s' ‘ V
^ f! ^
' yj^'
7 ^ ^ h ' Vuf*
¥ " jNnHi ^ 4s , ^SSaS^
mV
tHE peafiOE EXPONENT
<3RIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Follow *‘6rin and Boar It” daily in the Exponent.
“Ah-ah, Admiral—^wipe yer feet before you step aboard!”
Ruth B. Owen
Here Sept. 19 Noted Woman To Talk
In Lafayette Armory Mrs. Ruth Bryan Owen, outstanding woman politician and diplomat, will appear in the Lafayette Armory Saturday, September 19, at 2 p. m., to speak on Roosevelt and the New Deal. Mrs. Owen recently resigned her position as minister to Denmark in order to return to this country to campaign for President Roosevelt. She made her first address of the campaign at Binghampton, N. Y., September 1. She is appearing here under the auspices of the Tippecanoe County Democratic Women’s Association. ' Among other things, Mrs. Owen, w'hich IS the name she uses in her public activities, is the author of two books, ^‘Elements of Public Speaking” and “Leaves From a Greenland Diary.” She was married last July to Captain Boerge Rohde, of the Danish Kmg’s Royal Guards. The marriage was performed in Hyde Park and was witnessed by President and Mrs. Roosevelt.
Fieldhouse?
No, Not Yet!
No defimte action has been taken on the federal project for a new University fieldhouse and no construction has been started. The project was one of several turned in to PWA headquarters for consideration under a cooperative plan of partial federal aid, by which the federal government allocates 45 Iier cent of the funds and the University the remainder. Funds have already been appropriated and construction will start shortly on a new Women’s Residence Hall, a project submitted at the same time as that for the fieldhouse.
Prof. Swope Receives High Research Honors
Prof. Ammon Swope, of the department of education, received national recognition recently when he was reappointed by the national research council to the “psychology of the highway” committee. Professor Swope’s research on the “riding qualities of the automobile” and “safe driving practices” have attracted considerable favorable attention in the automobile industry. Three of Professor Swope’s recent achievements have been reviewed in the annual report of the council: Information Tests on Indiana Drivers’ Laws and Judgment Tests on Safe Driving Practices.
New WRH Bids Open Sept. 25
Plan Supplementary Co-ed Dorm North Of Present One
Bids for construction of a new Women’s Residence Hall directly north of the present hall will be received on Sept. 25, R. T. Hamilton, University construction engineer, announced Thursday. PWA grants have already been approved for the 300,000 dollar structure which will be ready for occupation by Sept. 1, 1937.
The two halls will be identical in size and furnishings, the new one carrying out the same Elizabethan Tudor type of architecture and accomodating 122 students. The halls will be located back to back, the new one facing north and the old one south
Donald C. Burnham, West Lafayette, who was graduated with distinction from the University last June, has taken a position with the A. C. Spark Plug Company, Flint, Michigan.
ROSENTHAL'S
322 Main Street Lafayette A STORE FOR COLLEGE MEN
QtmpmTbgs
SUIT^TOPCOATS
Intervroren Hose
Manhattan Shirts
Mallory Hats
Alligator Raincoats
Town and Country Leather Jackets D. K. M. Sweaters
We invite you to call and look over our stock of style merchandise. ^
ROSENTHAL'S
3)Z2 Main Street
Lafayette
Complete 7 Piers On New
U.S. 52 Bridge
Low Water Speeds Work On By-Pass; Expect Completion In ^37
Seven of nine concrete piers on the new route 52 by-p^ss bridge have been completed. Up to last Wednesday, 48,482 man hours of work had been used in the construction of this 1,000 foot deck bridge which -will link the two ends of U. S. highway 52 and allow traffic to be routed around Lafayette, When completed about July 1, 1937, the bridge will accomodate three lanes of traffic on its thirty foot roadway. About 30,000 yards of new concrete roadway will be built to join the bridge with the highway. Piers Cost $120,000 The concrete piers alone will cost $120,000 and their construction use 63,000 man hours. The steel contracts have not been let. This will be done in October. Purdue Grads In Charge Contractor Robert Keene, Purdue M. E. '15, and Superintendent H. H. Thompson, Purdue M. E. ’26, are in charge of the job which uses WPA work exclusively. Four University students have been working in the construction gang. Work started last March 15 and has continued steadily without mishap since exctept for a short period last April when high water stopped the work. None of the workmen have been involved in serious accidents. Equipment used on this project includes two large gas shovels and one 27E paver which is capable of mixing and pouring one cubic yard of concrete at a time. The low water level at the site of the bridge has facilitated construction.
All the members of the English department have been presented with copies of the new Collegiate Webster. The copies are the gift of the G. C. Memam Company and the owners’ names are stamped on the front in gilt letters.
LAFAYETTE'S SHOE REPAIR HEADQUARTERS
Finest MATERIALS USED
Fastest SERVICE
Lowest PRICES
Everyday Prices HALF SOLES 59e
RUBBER HEELS 29c
FULL SOLES & HEELS $1.75
LADIES' HEEL CAPS 19c
SCHIFF'S OUTLET SHOE STORE 320 Main Street
OhE Courses Are Changed
Instnictioii Revised To Offer More Electives
OonstiMtioiifil Cliiliige Pi^ojposed On Ballots
(Continued from page 1)
A radically modified curriculum is this year’s answer of the school of chemical engineering to the problem of training engineers to meet the constantly varjring demands of industry. According to Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the department of chemical engineering, in a paper submitted at the recent forty-fourth meeting of the Society for the Promotion of Engineeniig Education, the major motives for the extensive revision were to change the character of instruction in chemis^ and German, to offer an intensive course in unit operations laboi*atory in summer session, and to offer more electives, thus rendering the course of study more flexible and more attractive. The revision has been under consideration for a number of years. Professor Bray pointed out that there will have to be further changes in the future due to the changing character of industry. The present curriculum includes four years of study plus a summer session between junior and senior years. The summer session will make possible a different type of instruction because of larger time available and permit a much more efficient use of apparatus.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
The necessity of expediting changes in the constitution of the Federation was recognized last December, when the Senate started plans for giving i^eshman engineer^ representation in its councils. Under the provisions of the constitution only one representative could be allotted to the entire 990 fresihmen enrolled merely as engineers. Lack of time which would have been required for securing an amendment allowing the freshmen an adequate number of delegates to the Senate caused that group to set aside the document in that instance. Expense of printing ballots was also
a factor in determining the Senate's aciien. Other discrepancies between th^ provisions of the constitution and the organization of the Senate have also manifested the nee'd fUr a check-up and subsequent alterations.
Prof. Dudley P. Craig, former professor in the school of mechanical engineering, resigned recently to become head of the mechanical engineering faculty at the Colorado State Agricultural College. Professor and Mrs. Craig left here in August to take up their new residence.
Murray Fowler, of the English department, was married this summer to Miss Katharing Bangs at the bride’s home in Brattleboro, Vt. The wedding took place Tuesday, June 9.
DELICIOUS BAKERY GOODS
Put these extra fine products through any test you want and you’ll find they measure up to the highest standards in wholesomenesa and taste A complete line of things your house, or home, likes—and should have—await your order
GRAVES* BAKERY CATERING TO FRATERNITIES AND SORORITIES
West Lafayette 132 Vine St.
641 Main St., Lafayette
At Your Service
We Specialize on Students’ Work of All Kinds Laundry—^Dry Cleaning Shoe Repairing Hat Cleaning and Blocking Pressing Done While You Wait
ONE DAY SERVICE IF DESIRED 0
American Laundry
Phones 7278-3085
HOWDY, STUDENTS, CALL A YELLOW CAB
SOIIwIOTI
per Passenger
ANYWHERE IN LAFAYETTE OR WEST LAFAYETTE BLACK CARS FOR SPECIAL OCCASIONS
423 FMiy
PEOPLES CENTRAL CAB CO.
423 Ferry!
(jonVa Smes Includes Ten Lectures, Musical Programs
rial Gymnasium On Octohet6
m
,,, ‘ 'Nationally and internationally fa* V ' mons persons will appear this year 7' ' ’ ' on the campus for the convocation series, which consists of six con(^ri» and four lectures, according tp ah announcement made by Prof. Ji' T. Gunn, chairman of the University’s committee on convocations
and public lectures.
T?he initial convocation of the sea- ' iwill bring' tb\ttie; campus the Fisk Jubilee Singers on October 6. F*®** more than half a century they have been famously known for their purity of tone, balance, harlmony, and musical taste ih Europe as well
asinAmericai Musical Programs
‘ The remainder of the musical l^pgrams in<jlude: Nov. 8-^iBohumir Kryl and his ■ sympihony prchestrai Nov. 26-^Lawrence Tibbett, bari-
' tone^ '..
Jan. 5—Harold Bauer, pianist, and Albert Spaulding, violin-
■; .V';-. , ist.
Feb. 15—St. Louis Symphony Or/■'h-; '■ : chestra.' libar. 11—-“The White Husars”. : Tiecturers during the school year
will be:
Oct. 22—Albert Edward Wiggam, “An Educated Man in f This Changing World”. . DOc. 17—Robert Lincoln O’Brien, ! V ■: r ‘The International Trade Problem”. Feb. 23—^William LaVarre, “Gold, \ ■ Diamonds, and Orchids”. ; The musical features during the senxesters will be presented in the Meinorial Gymnasium and the lectures will be given in Eliza Fowler , Hall, According to the committee in charge, unless otherwise-announced
later:'
W
Trip Net& Ride In Amelia’s New Ship
President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott traveled to Los Angeles recently to meet ahd confer with Amelia'Earhaft, member of the University staff, cbncerning Miss Earhart’s new“flying laboratory/’ The huge new Lockheed Electra, the construction of which was made possible by the Purdue Research Foundation, will be used in conducting research work in a number of aeronautical fields. President Elliott returnedas far as Denver, Col., with Miss ^rhart in the new plane. Plans were discussed for the ship’s first visit to the University airport which will serve as the—“flying laboratory’s” home hangar. From Denver, thp President went to Chicago, returning to Lafayette by train.
Phillip Kimmell, M. E. ’33> has been promoted to the position of. consulting engineer for the L. R. KrUmm Company, Delcp-Frigidaire distributors at Columbus, O. Kim-^ piell previously was -with the Delcoi^igidaire Company at Dayton, 0. . Don Kimmel, his brother, has taken a position with the J. I. Case Gompany, Racine, Wis., since his graduation this summer.
BEFORE SCHOOL gets under way ;
BRING YOUR OLD
SHOES TO OUR
SHOP
We give yowr shoes the Utmost care and attention.
: Our repairing is THE Best, yet our prices are Fhe lowest.
MOblRN $Hdf REPAIR
109 Vine St.
WARNING!
Violations pf the traffic laws must be atoppUd ! Speed limits pf 30 miles per hour in the residential diS^ctapd 20 miles per hour in the bssiness Sec^ West Lafayette must be observed. All viplatmrs of these spe^ laws and “Stop Sign” regulations will be prosecuted. CHIEF HAYDEN, West Lafayette Police Dept.
Issue Frosh FootbaUCall
Candidates for the freshman football team are: requested to report Monday evening at 7:30 o’clock in the lecture room on the second floor of Stanley Coulter Hall. Coach EL mer Burnham will give preliminary instructions" to the frosh gridmen; who will have only a week to prepare for their annual game with the varsity ne^j^t Saturday. It is important that all freshmen desiring to go out for the team be present at this meeting, Burnham declared.
Dean Potter At Power Session
Dean A. A. Potter and Dr. W. L. Batt have been representing the University at the third world power conference in Washington which started Sept. 7. The conferehbe^iettds today. President E. C. Elliott announced the selection of these men in a letter to Harold L. Ickes, secretary of the interior who was in charge of the arrangements. The conference met for a discussion of social ■S'cpHcimfd affd techhi/ cal problems involved in the widespread development of electric poW: er. The University delegates con-
ferred with nearly 1,000 engineers and scientists of 60 nations. :
FRATERNiTlEi
—for— Expert phunbing and heating done at reasonaide rate*. See
E. E. BAZLER Phone 4357. 1638 Main
Underground
Completed Summer Improvement Program Includes BasebaU Field
During the summer thA^^^^m g^oundy tu®®®l wWch carried boat, elTOtricity and Abater to the Civil Enginee^g BidIdiUg and to the MichUel Golden^ has been completed by the WPA. A similar tunnel to Heavfion Hall be tom* plated nejrt week. > v. : The stom water conduit which eli^nates the creek past the RosO‘Ade stadium, has toen completod from a point norUi of Cary Hall to a Veint opposite the clay tennis
courts on Northwestern Atonue, and will be continued to the University property line near the Alpha Xi Delta sorority house. ^ Tunnel To Gary Halls Another tunnel iS nearing completion from the power house across Stadium and University Streets to Cary Halh This tunnel will provide University light, heat and water. The hall has been using cily fUcilities. Provisions for future enlargements have been included in the construction. Ross-Ade recreational field east of the stodiUm^ which is nearing Completion, is drained by a system of parallel tiles. In order to provide enough room for a varsity baseball diamond, the hill directly east of
the stadiunj^is being cut down. The ifence which will be used to
surround the field was purchased from the Century of Progress Exposition management, and will be erected later in the year.
Miss Beth McDonald, Cameron, Mo., was married to Mr. George Schick," of the University English department, Wednesday, June,- 10. Schick spent a part of the summer in New York City before returning to West Lafayette for the fall semester.
! 7 ^ for Wbaa staff totoihuto'^ Friday, Set>t. 18, at 4 p. m., in the WBAA 8^^ ®h l^he third floor o£ the Electrical Engineering Building. AU students in-
terested in announcing, ^chni- Coan, RJ^sin
cal, dr program w^ork are Wged
to he present at that Um w
Tweiity-Two Positioiis ^BeFilkdi^ (Gontinued from pagi'1)
different color for each school. The list of candidates for the Senate follows:
Agriculture Seniors: E. W. Anderson, L, 0, Buxton, W. H. Kephart; Juniors rR.: Vf. Bennett, T. Vf. Graham, T. Ei Parkison, E. S. Wright; s<qihomores: J. A. Dilts, C. G. Elliott, M. G. Learning, „G. L. Sever. Civil Engineering Seniors; W. S* Anderson, J. M. Baker, G. P. Eowldt; juniors: O. J. Blank, S. D. MHeS, F. E. RentscUer, E, C. Thoma; sophomores: F. C. Ahrens, H. C. Boyer, M. D. Stepath, W. R.Troyer. Mechanical Engineering Seniors: N. G. Belury, G. L. Peth, Si F. Seward, D. N. Wait; juniors: G. R. Aschauer, E. N. Cox, R. J. Craig, W. C. Musham; sophomores: j. T. Doan, W. R. Fenstermaker, H.
B. Forbes, S. H. Gutting.
The Shaving Kids
Welcome You at
Red’s Barber Shop
5 Barbers'
No Waiting
327 State St.
"A Hearty Vllfelcoine To Purdue Student Body'^
safeguarded with every ^own safety device, for FIVE (5c) CEM^ include YOUR patronage will be ajppreciated.
LAFAYETTE STREET RAILWAY
Hoine Eeoiinnifei Jhne Idinpie^ Ibiay Schodnover, IRattV 'Ann StoOUrt; SfOffidmores: Betty Elstun, liillieeiit Rncbti, Mdry Tovntsend^^^^^
Wien. \
iPhannacy
Sdphomereat R. Clark, W. Bye, C.
Goan, R. il^sine.
ge
Seniors: K. B. Grteentmrg# J. C. Ohaver; Juniors: L. F. Douglas, 6. E. Price, D.J.Rohyans,E.J. Wiley; sophomores: J. R. Ballard, 3. 8. Griffiii, J. G. Lyhoult, Bfartha Wood.
Electrical Engineering
Seniors: R. W. ChUmberlain, R. W. Loehr, K. B. M<^chron; F. W. Vargo; juniors: A. E. Minnipk, H. E. Montfort, B, Olsen, L, K. Raftree; sophomores: J/ T. Campbell, R. H. Homer, F. C, Rhoades, J. W.
Scott.
en, C. M. CWentmiter, O, Ferkiniit; JtmiOnf: J. D, BOwmen, J. B. Favor-* ito, R. P. Ifanion, H. 8, sopitoiiiorto: B. MeOett, K A Oa* vat, W. J. GilHlan, J. H. Jaeohf.
liflNETTB BEAUTY SHOP
A Shop Kodem to the Last Word in its Working "meht,'.'7 Efficient Service xn Every Line at CiiltUfe at Popttldr Prieto. Ediib Zartinai^ Piopu iMaisfOr tt7 wait Start* mW«ft~l4rtaqnrtt»'
SUPPLIES
FOR
Fratternitie3.i.Sororities...Clui» and Oi^anizatkms
Pure White “lily” >4 Fold Napkins, pet trase of lOM Naples w WS W
Per casf of 5M Napkins...
“Just-Wvin” Folded Paper Towels, 3,750 towels in a case, price per case......
"Dandy Roll” Paper Towels, 3,750 towels to case, pyice per case.................. ......
"No Waste” Toilet Paper, the very fineshguality, 125 packages per case.......
"Roll Toilet Paper” 2,000 sheets to roll, finest quality, 100 rolls case, price per case.....
Per case, 50 rolls, same as above^
We C^ty in Stock Uquasan Soap, Dixie Drinking Cups, Vortex Sanitary Gups
(ErtaUMiad 1826) RetMl Department
Fifth and Ferry. Sts.
Lafayette, Ind-
Publishers
Indiana State Printers
StatHHiers
1/
Welcome back to lia&yette^^^ a Good Old Pturdne
Sunsbine Farms’ Milk Is Still Today^ Biggest
phone sois
; I
. id-
. -1 ^
'."Si
■ H /^v
i|W! Ml
siV “f *7 -J
t 5,
« !
i*' i / H-V
. * f
fe®*
S' i >
THE FURBUH EXPONENT
T-i ► \
t f
•' "i j*
issit
VISIT THE UNION
Become better acquainted, both with your friends and with the Union...Here you meet new friends and greet old ones
Purdue Memorial Union
Corner of the Cajnpus .... Center of Activity
OUTSIDE CALIPERS 4" 69c
SHARPENING STONE 3"X 7/8"X %" 19c
MILL FILE 'CRAFTSMAN' 19c
WRITIN'
HIGH QUALITY DRAWING EQUIPMENT
Tough Fiber LAUNDRY CASE $1.69
Brown CANVAS CASE 99c Refills 15c
tHRlFTMATlC
THAT MEET THE UNIVERSITY REQUIREMENTS FOR THE YEAR 1936-1937
Drawing Board, Not Laminated, 20"x26"..'. $1.19 5" 45° Style "A" Braddock Lettering Triangle 89c 10" 30°-60° Celluloid Triangle, .08" thick 59e No. 6, Celluloid Irregular Curve, .06" thick 39c Drawing Pencils, Venus—F, 2H, 4H, 6H, each. .9c "Ruby" Pencil Eraser 5c "Pink Pearl" or Carnation Eraser 5c Thumb Tacks, one-piece; Post No. 2370 13c 10 Yd. Roll Scotch Drafting Tape 25c Keco Ink, bottle 25c
24" Celluloid T Squaro $1.39
Pens—Holders 2 for 5c Hunt Nff. 512 Pun*; Lwnardt No. 516EF Pons; Glllott No. 404 Pons
Erasing Shield; Post No. 2960 12c
“PRIMO” 630 DRAWING SET
PROP/>E|4 FOR ADVANCE DRAWING
Special Student's Slide Rule for Chemistry Dppt^ 6e9inners
-$M9
UNIVERSAL SLIDE RULE COMPLETE WITH LEATHER CASE, FOR ADVANCED STUDENTS
Third dhd South Sts., Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 4039
SILVERTONE 5 TUBE RADIO
COMPLETE
Exquisite beauty in a 6-tube tuned radio frequency table model that will grive you a ringside seat for the election campaign I A new note in compact design , . streamlined smartness‘^n all four sides I Engineered with the care and precision of ^ deluxe unit, this masnc set gives you twice the sensitivity of'^ordinary compacts; full, rich tone, twQ.watt power output; and 100-mile daytime range with built-in aerial (by attachins to outside aerial, you can extend the range considerably). Gets all American broadcasts and some police calls. Ifandsome black bakelite case with ivory dial. Absolutely nothing like it within twice the price I See this “4 Star” wonder . let your own ears be the judge I 4 '
Cqveralls |1.89 Blue and Hickory Stripes
Shop Caps 19c Black or Qray
Shop Coats $1.98 Covert Cloth, Oxford Gray, Sanforized
Leather Gloyps 45« Leather Cuff
IfA ' s’"'
tllje ^urbue exponent
SPORTS
SECOND SECTION
LAFAYETTE* INDIANA, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1936
mam mam
Many Sports Available To All Students
Intramural Department Conducts YearRound Program
Since the ^eat majority of students cannot participate actively in the major University sports, there has been organized on the campus an intramural department which maintains a continuous sports schedule suited to fill the need of the average student for exercise and recreation. During the autumn months, the department holds tournaments in touchball, Gold and Black (a Purdue combination of basketball and football), tennis, and cross-country. Later in the year. When the weather becomes unsatisfactory for outdoor sports, a strong indoor schedule gets under way, including»basketball, volleybajl, and track. Carnival Early in the spring the indoor season is concluded with a gigantic carnival, which climaxes weeks of training for wrestlers, boxers, intramural track men and fencers. Following the carnival the intramural department begins its final outdoor schedule which includes baseball, outdoor track, horseshoes, archery, tennis, fencing, and golf. The intramural department has divided its ^sports into two general divisions, fraternity and independent athletics, in order to prevent the tournaments from being too long and the schedules too unwieldy. It is managed by a group of students under the direction of Prof. M. L. Clevett, with Headquarters in the Memorial Gymnasium.
t:
University Builds
Ten New Concrete
Tennis Courts
Ten new concrete tennis courts are being built alongside the clay courts on Northwestern Avenue. The new courts will more than double the present playing facilities for men students. The courts are divided into two batteries. One battery of four doubles courts is almost completed and may be available for use this fall. The other battery of six singles courts will probably not be finished in time for use this fall.
What Boilermakers Face This Season
The following itemized statement of Purdue’s football foes this season gives at a glance the past record with these teams and shows to the average football fan just what Coach Kizer’s Boilermakers are facing this season. Sept. 26—Ohio U. at Purdue (Boy Scout Day—2nd game). Past Record: Won, 1; Lost, 0.Oct. 10—^Wisconsin at Purdue (Homecoming—^21st Game). Past Record: Won, 7; Lost, 10; Tied, 3. Oct. 17—^Purdue at Chicago (42nd game). ^ Past Record: Won, 13; Lost, 27; Tied, 1. Oct. 24—^Purdue at Minnesota (9th game). Past Record: Won, 3; Lost, 4; Tied, 1. Oct. 31—^Pijrdue at Carnegie Tech (6th game). Past Record : Won, 3; Lost, 1. Nov. 7—^Purdue at Fordham (3rd game). Past Record: Won, 2; Lost, 0. Nov. 14—^Purdue at Iowa (16th game). Past Record: Won, 7; Lost, 7. / Nov. 21—^Purdue at Indiana (Dad’s Day—39th game). Past Record: Won, 21; Lost, 13; Tied, 4.
Williamson Tries Out With Cincinnati Reds Willard Williamson, E. E. graduate of January and former center fielder on the baseball team, recently obtained a positioh with the Bell Telephone Company in Indianapol is. Williamson had a tryout with the Cincinnati Reds, but chose to re maiU/in the engiilbering field.
The Boilermaker gridmen shown above are the veterans who Coach Kizer is depending upon to win their way to another “Big Ten” victory fw Purdue. In the back row, from ieft to right, are Tom McGannon, Cecil Isbell, John Drake, Wayne Gift, Fred Stalcup, Lowell Decker,~Ben Medley, Bob Selby. In the front row are Cody Isbell, Raymond Abott, Forrest Burmeister, Lee Graves, Captain George Bell, Carl Dahlbeck, Clem Woltman, Martin Schreyer and Don Powell.
Frosh-Varsity Game Sept. 19
Sept
Tickets At Decker’s, Deac’s, Southworth’s, Union Desk
Football is being given an early start this fall with the annual fresh-man-varsity game being scheduled for Saturday, Sept. 19. The game is being sponsored by the Gimlet club and will be played under Big Ten regulations. Tickets, will be on Sale at Deac’s, Southworth’s, Decker’s, and the Union desk. Members of the Gimlet club will have tickets for sale at e door of the Armory as students fimSli registering. Prospects On Parade The game gives the coaching staff and the students a chance to look over the varsity prospects for the coming year. The freshman staff get its first look at new football material. Freshmen will have their first official meeting on Monday, leaving them just five days of practice before the game. Both squads will have to hustle to get in shape by game time. Last year’s game resulted in a 21-0 victory for the varsity. Approximately five hundred students and townspeople enjoyed the game last fall.
Ticket Sales Show^ Increase Over 1935
Report^ from the athletic ticket office show that the present advance ticket sale is running 300 per cent ahead of the sales of last year. The summer sale of reserved season tickets for the three football games this fall exceeded all expectations, the "sales running be^er than 800 seats. These Reason tickets were offered abthe special rate of $6.60 until August 16. This price represents a saving of $1.60, or 60 cents per game. In addition to the saving in money, all those who bought these tickets were assured of choice seats in the stadium since the seats were located in the preferred sections. The complete home schedule with regular ticket prices follows: Sept. 26—Ohio University $2.00 Oct. 10—^Wisconsin $2.60 Nov. 21—^Indiana $2.60
LOCKERS will be on sale at the registration booth in the Armory. The fee is $2,00 per semester, $1.00 of which will be returned at the end of the semester when both towel aind key have been returned.
Some of the members of last year’s varsity teams who attended summer school are; Pat Malaska, Jewell Young, Johnny Sines, Cecil l8l^ll,.and “Red” Lahibert.
SCHEDULE OF BIG TEN TEAMS
September 26 Ohio U. at PURDUE. Carleton at Iowa. Lawrence at Chicago. Minnesota at U. of Washington (Seattle). So. Dakota State at Wisconsin. DePaul at Illinois.
October 3 Iowa at Northwestern. Vanderbilt at Chicago. Washington U. at Illinois. Centre at Indiana. Michigan State at Michigan. New York Uj, at Ohio State. Marquette at WiscofiSin. ' ' October 10 Wisconsin at PURDUE.' Indiana at Michigan. South Dakota at Iowa. Butler at Chicago. Nebraska at Minnesota. North Dakota State at Northwestern. PittsburglLat Ohio Sfa,te. Southern California at Illinois. October 17 PURDUE at Chicago, niinois at Iowa. Michigan at Minnesota. Ohio State at Northwestern. Indiana at Nebraska. Wisconsin at Notre Dame. October 24 PURDUE at Minnesota.
Northwestern at Illinoisi^ Indiana at Ohio State. Columbia at Michigan. October 31 PURDUE at Carnegie (Pittsburgh). Iowa at Indiana.. Chicago at Wisconsin. Illinois at Michigan. Minnesota at Northwestern. Ohio State at Notre Dame.
Tech
November 7 PURDUE at Fordham (New Yqrk). Wisconsin a,i Northwestern. Iowa at Minnesota. Chicago at Ohio State. Syracuse at Indiana. Michigan at Pennsylvania (Philadelplua). November 14 PURDUE at Iowa. Indiana at Chicago. Ohio State at Illinois. 4. Northwestern at Michigan. Cincinnati at Wisconsin. Texas at Minnesota. ’ . November 21 Indiana at PURDUE, niinois at Chirago. Michigan at Ohio State. Minnesota at Wisconsin. Iowa at'Temple. Northwestern at Notre Dame.
Freshmen—Observe This Bucket Reverently—Ws Full Of Tradition
Say it with reverence. Freshmen —“The Old Oaken Bucket”—symbol of rivalry, token of victory and
source of rumor.
The Old Oaken Bucket, Freshmen, is the trophy over which the Boilermakers and their honorable
rivals, the Indiana University Hoosiers, wage their yearly battle .. . the bucket whose possession is coveted by every Boilermaker. The dear Old Oaken Bucket has been in circulation now for nigh on to eleven years, this year being the twelfth. Th^
Boilermakers, “we” Boilermakers, have had the bucket in good company for seven of those years due to the bravery and excellency of our staunch elevens.
The first year there was a famine and in a weak moment we tied the Hoosiers in the first one of those memorable games. Another year, oh ugly thought, we LOST the bucket. ,.. And now we sadly admit to our honorable rivals that there are three I’s on the chain attached to the
bucket, representing three victories over our best Purdue elevens. . . . Shoddy, we must admit, alongside our seven Golden “P’s” but neverthdess, there they are. Let us blame all things on the depression. Rumor has had to stretch its flimsy wings to travel the way of the Old Oaken Bucket. .. . One hears of strange greeters who with pomp and ceremony carry the bucket offdressed, they are as Indiana menbut the bucket did not appear for two weeks at its destination and then suddeifiy, mysteriously, it reappears agaih . . . only ut the Journal - Courier office, they say, brought by . ahem . . . Santa Claus. This ruiUor i^ of 1930 vintage and has, for the time being, smothered up previous rumors of which there are too many to relate in this brief passage. But Freshmen—^you new guards men of Boilermaker tradition, say it with reverence, “The Old Oaken Bucket,”
ielder’s.... ....choice By Bob Walpole 1 —.
Good morning and a very pleasant year to you . . . ! —fc— How do you like our new face? We thought it best to tear out our former head and put in its place, this. We hope it will be there throughout the year, and remember, if anything either-pleases you or antagonizes you we want to hear about it. It is the purpose of this column, if you will remember, to try to enlighten you on a few things that don’t come out in the regular routine of our own Boilermaker sports world. —fc—
17 Lettermen Brighten Grid Prospects KJzerH&TiM&Qflte' placing £nd» An4 Guards In Front lAie
PurdueC^ootball prospects sxem rosier for the coming s^mott than they have in the past few years. Seventeen major lettermen ai^ members of a very promising Drosh squad of last year have returned to provide Coach Noble Kizer with material for his 1936 grid squad. Nine major lettermen are avaSable for use in the Boilermaker forward wall, which has been the weak spot of Purdue teams during the last two years. Bell At Pivot Captain George Bell should he able to hold down the pivot position as well this season as he did last year. At the tadde positions, veterans Martin Schreyer, Clem Woltman and Forrest Burmeister represent the outstanding candidates. However, the guard positions are presenting more of a problem for “Nobe,” as Carl Dahlbeck has been the only outstanding man for these posts. Strong Baekfield The traditionally strong Boilermaker badkfield is better than ever. Unless Cecil Isbell’s arm injury hampers his play too much, last season’s baekfield wiR be back practically idtact. With Wayne Gift and Fred Stalcup at qiiarter, Tom HcGannon and Cecil Isbell as Imlfbacks, and John Drake and Lowell Decker at fullback, Purdue should have one of the outstanding backfields of the country. The largest and darkest spot in the Purdu^ horizon is the end positioi^. Coach Kizer has the task of developing men to fill the vacated positions of Howard Guirl and “Butch” Loebs. Don PoweQ bnS Cody Isbefl are major lettormen who may get the call for tiiese posts.
We have a few things here that occurred after the last 1936-36 Exponent was published . . . here they are, and they relate to base-
ball.
—fc— Bob Lucaft and Lefty Martin, both veteran Old Gold and Black batsmen, were elected co-captains for next season’s diamond team. Lucas is an infielder, usnaUy semi hovering in the vicinity of second bas^ and Martin, besides being a very capable Junior Prom leader, is a hurler. —fc— The Boilermakers had three men batting over .300 last season, and they are in order Drom top to^ bottom, Mitchell, Lucas, and Pat Malaska. Mitchell hit .417 with twelve trips to the plate; Lucas, .324 in thirty-four; and Malaska, .310 in forty-two journeys to the home rubber. —fc— Everyone is looking for a very successful football season this year. Coach Noble Kizer seems to have a quantity with quality of material, and his reputation speaks for itself. The larger newspapers in the country don’t think the Old Gold and Black gridders rate a top berth, but We do, and the end of the season will
tell.
—fc— The line is one of the best in years with veterans in all posts, and the baekfield has some very capable young men striving to keep up the traditional “tough Boilermakers” reput;|;tion that has been hung on our teams during the past years. Speaking about footbatt reminds us of the All-Star-Detroit Lt<m game we saw this memth, Purdue’s “Butch” Loebs loidced mighty fine on the receiving end of the l«si|^ successful pass of the 7 to 7 ti<^ —fc— With all the seidors we have on the toun this year, Purdue ought to show well in the next AB-Stor pott ... if everydne gets behind our candidates, they will he out on the field for one of the finest INihors that can
Work Starts Od New Universify Baseball Diamoiid
Work is under way to provide Purdue with a permanent hasehaU diamond. A large force of men has been working during the snmmer grading and smoothing the southeast comer of Ross-Ade reerea-
tioiml field.
The new diamond will have muSf improvements and addons over the other diamonds usentby BoRCi^ maker nines. Besides mmtaining the varsity diamond, it wiU also contain a practice field for foothall. There is some possibility that the field will be finished in time for the 1937 season, but the intramural field will probably he used next spring in order to give the field an extra year to settle and get in good condition.
Lash Win Readi Peak At *40 0]3mipic8--Niirini
Paavo Nurmi, greatest of aU distance runners, predicted that Indiana’s Don Lash would be in perfect form by the time of the 1949 Olympics. Nurmi believes that Lash, wim showed poor form in losing to tim Finnish runners in the 5,(KN1 meter run at the Berlin Olympies, was just too young to he At Ms p^, bring only 22.
Hewitt East, halfbaric on the Boilermaker team, 1935, has accepted the position as head coujch at Howe Milittunr Academy.
be given to a coltegiato toothsU star. —fc— ^ * We pnqpose to get you moce atquainted with those Brilmrmalmr gridmem tids aewson, fey giving yew hits of biofraphy of each one ae that Isbell won’t fee just nmshiHr 37, and the same for tlmvesl vi the guys wearing numbers out thmeo. ... let us Iniow wlmt you want to hnow about them, and wriR do ow best to gatfessr InfwsMition ... w* " foolin’, tliis Is your columm Ww write it, hut ilA yours to^teui.. Bye now, see you In ^ ,
A41
1^*^ 1/*
h'^4-
5^?* 1
' s U
ifH,
!)r. Yearian On Year’s Leave
To California
Researdh Director Will Woili: At Coast Institntimi
Dr. H. J. Yearian left for California August 1 where he will spend the year working under a National Research Council Fellowship at the California Institute of Technology. He was accomI>anied by his family. His work the^ in Professor Pauling’s labofa$@iy is concerned with the diffraction of the proton. While Dr. Yearian has spent most of his time here on research with electron diffraction, he has devoted most of the last year to design, construction, and testing of apparatus for the new magnetic ion accelerator which will produce particles of 20,000,000 volts. Testing Devices He designed and built numerous equipment testing devices. During the last week of July he and John D. Howe erected, with extremely primitive and simple methods, the huge iron frame for the magnet, which weighs 40 tons. Howe is continmng with the work here according to the plan made by Dr. Yearian while the doctor is on leave of absence.
Over 27,000 Attend Extra-Curricular ^ Conferences Here
Attendance at 74 conferences, conventions, short courses and other similar meetings ijeM ftt the Uftlversity during the 1985-36 school year numbered well over 27,000, according to T. R. Johnston, director of the University bureau of information. This number represents persons outside the ^regular student body who took advantage of the extra public services rendered by the University.’ Registering 6,846 persons, the agricultural conference conducted in January was the largest gathering of the year. More than 5,000 attended the annual horticulture show held in November, and the road school, another major activity, attracted 700. The 4-H club round-up drew about 2,000*. Almost every line of business in Indiana was covered in these extracurricular meetings, which are a big feature of the University’s work. Well-drillers, high school debaters, welders, chemistry teachers, policemen, firemen, druggists, radio amateurs, safety workers, CCC directors, Indiana mayors, stock producers, canners, horsemen, women’s club leaders, aeronautical engineers, florists, and many others were among the groups holding conferences or attending short courses at the University. ^
First Airmail Pilot Drops Mail In Crawfordsville By Parachute
The world’s first airmail was carried from Lafayette to Crawfordsville. Seventy-seven years ago John Wise, the most prominent balloonist of his day, left Lafayette with a bag of mail in his balloon “Jupiter”, for points east. Wise landed six miles south of CrawfordsviUe. Previous to the ascension, the Lafayette postmaster had advertised mail would be carried in \he “Jupiter”. He stated it would be conveyed to the balloon’s landing place and then dispatched to the nearest post office for distribution. A gala crowd gathered on the court house square for the event, Hoop skirts and tall hats were much in evidence. After last minute preparations were completed, the balloon ascended. Towards evening Wise improvised a parachute from a muslin sheet and dropped the bag of mail overboard. Then he let the balloon descend. Wise originally planned to let this flight serve as an experiment in carrying mail. He hoped later to carry mail from the Atlantic coast to the middle west by balloon.
Twenty-Three Gridders Report At DePauw Twenty-three prospective football candidates answered the call of Coach Raymond R. Neal, of DePauw University, early tl^is week and turned out for the opening practice of the season. Two daily workouts are scheduled for next week and Neal expects the squad to number 40 by the end of next week.
Kreml To Stndy Capitol Gty Traffic Pi*oblems
Mayor Kem and Police Chief Momssey, of Indianapolis, have invited Lieutenant Frank Kreml, University accident prevention expert, to make a study of their city’s traffic problems. Indianapolis at present has one of the highest city accident death rotes in the country. Lieutenant Kreml is a member of several safety councils and has done much work with the University on automobile driving problems. He directed a course in traffic safety teaching for Indiana high school teachers last spring. These teachers are now giving driving instruction in their own high schools.
ChiefThumbsRide;
TooLate^Fire ^s Out
Editor’s Note—^This special item was sent to the Exponent by Don Wilson, former Exponent asstfciate sports editor, who is now police reporter on the Fans News, of Pans, Tex. Mr. Wilson will not return to Purdue.
College men aren’t the only ones who can “thumb.” This was ably demonstrated here when Fire Chief Jodie Moss, thumb outstretched and body in the usual form adopted by all experienced “bummers,” made his way to a three alarm fire at the LaMar Cotton Seed Oil Company, one of Paris’ largest industries. “Going to the fire?” was plainly heard as the chief stepped to the running board of his red-painted, antiquated, 1928 coupe which had broken down just 60 yards from the station doors when a gear was through through the housing. Sirens screamed and bells clanged, but none of the roaring trucks stopped to help their embarrassed leader. Chief Moss finally got to the blaze after a helpful citizen rose to the occasion and offered his car, but it was not until the blaze was out and the trucks were ready for tbe return trip to the station.
Miss Elinor Cash, H. E. ’36, left recently to become a student interne in a New York hospital. She is a member of Chi Omega sorority.
Greetings
TO PURDUE STUDENTS from The Vellinger Pharmacy PRESCRIPTION DRUGGISTS
834 Main Street
Free Delivery Service to West Side 2727—TWO PHONES—8282
M^feiattire a complete line of Rnbenstein’s and Yardley Toilet Articles—^Exclusive agents, Martha Washington Gandies
W4> Make Oor Own Ice Cream—Phone Us Yolnr Orders
Prof. Liddell Dies
During Summer Death Follows Period Of niness At Cape Cod Home
Prof. Mark Liddell, professor emeritus of English at the Universi^, died dupng the summer at his home in Cape Cod, Mass., following a short illpess. He served on the University $taff from 1913 to 1932, when he re’tired from active teach-
ing.
Professor Liddell was recognized as the foremost authority in both America and Europe on Shakespeare and Chaucer and was a regular contributor to national and other periodicals^ During the last few years of his life he became actively engaged in a study of the physical characteristics of speech sound.
Physicists Obtain Positions Easily^
Students specializing in physics found jobs plentiful this summer. This was shown when graduate students receiving their doctor’s degrees in physics readily obtained positions. Dr. C. K. Stedman and Dr. E. P. Miller have remained here to do research work and teach. Dr. E. L. Peterson joined the mathematics department. Dr. F. -E. Washer is now with the Bureau of Standards in the optical division in Washington. Dr. C. L. Babcock is engaged in research work with the Owens-Illinois Glass Company, in Alton, 111. Dr. H. T. Clark and Dr. S. E. Madigan obtained positions in metallurgical laboratories. Dr. Clark is with the Jones and Laughton Steel Co., in Pittsburgh, and Dr. Madigan is employed by the Chase Copper Co., in Waterbury, Conn.
Gray Appointed Pi Kappa Alpha Leader
Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity has appointed Russell T. Gray, Chicago, 111., district president of Illinois and Indiana. Gray will have supervision of chapters at Purdue, Northwestern and Illinois Universities and the alumni chapter at Chicago. Mr. Gray, a Purdue alumnus, succeeds Deneen A. Watson, also of Chicago. Mr. Gray is also past president of the Purdue Alumni Association.
G. E. Brown and H. C. Haines, 1936 forestry graduates of Purdue, left on the Rex on July 18 for Liberia, Africa, to assume positions with the Firestone Rubber Company.
Beile-Sharmeer has what it takas I
. •. to FIT YOUR LEGS
anc/ YOUR Gartars
• Don’t forget die of ycmt kgs when yoa’te hunting bmtety diet fits. BeUe-SbarmterStodkit^ dedk ycmc ankks end oo-o|>ei»te with your gsrters because they conki in/rm sizes. Indhridualiy ^portioned in width and length fo)m top to toe. Bm for smalls, Mfkiiti for mediums, Dmikm for lalis, 0amc for plumps. Here e»dusively.
$|00 tp
Thieme & Wangerin Co.
West I9ide Sqnwre
Amelia Earhart To Seek New Fints
Miss Earhart is shown with President l^dward C. Elliott of Purdue University inspeotino a model of her Flying LaboratorV* Below ahe la ahown with the finished plane.
A melia earhart is adding another “first” to her long record. First to fly alone from Honolulu to California, first to solo from 'Mexico City to New York, flrst woman to accomplish many feats in the air, now America’s No. 1 Woman pilot becomes the first to practice aeronautical research with | “flying laboratory” of her own. The purchase of the new plane, a 210-mile-ab-hour twin-engine Lockheed Electra, was made possible by the Purdue Research Foundation of Lafayette. Ind. The “flsrlng laboratory's” scientific activities will be carried on In cooperation with the Foundation and with Purdue University, at which Miss Earhart Is a Consultant in Aeronautics. Incidentally, Purdue is the only educBr tional institution In the country owning a fully equipped airport Recently the Foundation has established the “Amelia Earhart Fund for Aeronautical Research”, offering permanent machinery for the conduct of aeronautical experimentation and scientific research along sqch lines as the Foundation, the University and the avlatrix may elect The new plane, Just completed in California, is a monoplane, normally equipped to carry ten passengers and two pilots. Bnilt to fit Miss Earhart's requirements. Its passenger seats have been replaced by extra fuselage tanks, giving a total fuel capacity of 1260 gallons of gasoline. This provides a cruis-
ing range of 4500 miles. The plane is powered by two Pratt & Whitney Wasp motors, developing 1100 horse power. The cruising speed is 180 miles, top spesd in excess of 210. The total weight of the plane loaded is about 16,000 pounds. Among those who cooperated In the project of the new aviation laboratory is Vincent Bendix, sponsor of many aeronautical activities including the annual Bendix transcontinental race. The plane is equipped with Bendix instruments and parts. Outstanding among the modem instruments to be used by Miss Earhart is the Sperry Qyro-Pilot^ a mechanical device replacing the pilot at the controls so that the ship actually can he flown, without human guidance. Additionally there will be a new radio homing device recently perfected by the Bendix aviation interests. This may he set upon any commercial radio station and once so adjusted will point the exact course to that station. Farther, this radio path-finder may be hitched up with the Gyro Pilot The almost uncanny result of combining the functions of the two would he that the ship would fly without human piloting to the designed broadcast station. Indeed, once i arrived, it would automatically circle the rklio masts, presumably until its tael is exhausted! Elaborate two-way Western Electrie radio telephone apparatus has been installed, for both voice and telegraph code communication.
Among tbe flying problems, of particular interest to Miss Earhart are those of navigation. wtacU-;^ itate observations, a special hatch will be cut in the after-part of the fuselage. A Bausch ft Lomb bubble ' sextant and newly designed lightweight binoculars will be among the navigational equipment Study of tbe “human reactions of ^ flying” offer a particularly fruitful field for research, the avlatrix be Ileves. “The psychological factor has been largely neglected,” Mias Ea^ hart declares, “and I want to con- ( duct a sort of> clinical survey to determine the effects, upon varying Individuals of speed, altitude, pressure, fatigue, mechanical aide and other conditions of flying.” The problems of diet for passenger and pilot are of particular In-, terest For long flights, emergency rations concentrated In volume and weight are Importaht. In tbe past ^ Miss Earhart’s oym stand-bys have been tomato juice, as a beverage, with Horlick’s Malted Milk tablets as concentrated sustenance. Headquarters for the plane’s research activities will be the Pur^’ due Airport at Lafayette. The first major aeronautical expedition contemplated is a shake-down flight, in the late autumn. George Palmer Putnam tin private life Miss Earhart la Mrs. Putnam) announces a probable itinerary for that tour of Los Angeles, Mexico Ci^, Panama, Havana, New York, Lafayette and back to Los Angeles.
Welcome
This is our way of shaking hands with you. Those of you that are starting, we are hapjfly to see you here; those of you returning, we are happy to see you again.
SERVICE
By appointment to HIS MAJESTY The Student
PETER AHDERSON CO
525 ALABAMA Phone 4048
ft Hi? m ■
y \
>i\\"4'
Saturday, Se^^tembfer 3.2, !t^86
sfiiisSM
■juftfliii
TltE PURl^tJEl IJXPONENT
h
38^ AcMeve Distinguished Rating; 9 Scholastically Perfect
Junior Class Heads List With 118; Freshmen Gain Second With 117
Distinguished student rating was awarded to 389 students for achieving a 5.00 or better point index foy the second semester of the 1935-1936 school year. Nine of these students re-
ceived a perfect 6.5 rating.
Class distribu^n of the list was: 80 seniors, 118 juniors, 74
sophomores, and ll7 fresh-
men. Five of the nine 6.5 students w^re juniors, while the other four were seniors. K. H. Btirrell, J. B. Burroughs, R. W. Loehr, juniors m the school of electrical engineering; R. B. Immel, senior in the school of electrical engineering; W. li. Sibhitt, junior in the school of chemical engineering? R. E. Carr, senior in the school of chemical engineering; Helen Joyce Ramsey, junior in the school of science; Mary Louise Lyons, senior in the school of science, and L. J. Doud, iunior in the school of agriculture were the students receiving a 6.5 average. ■the list of University students receiving a disting;uished rating for the second semester of the year 1935-1936 IS as follows:
AGRICULTURE Freshmen Allen, W. B., 5.08; Borman, M. T., Bi88{ Cooley, R. J., 5.44; Hardin, L. S., 5.71; Hasler, H. E., 5.89; Jones, D. . G., 5.09; Schinbeckler, D. D,, 5.00; Schnell, R. L., 5.24; Smith, R. L.,^5.46; Stonaker, H. H„ 5.07; Swanson, E. W., 5.98; Williamson, J. M., 5.72. Sophomores Bennett, R. J., 5.46; Catron, D V., 6.32; Dibble, J. C., 5.12; El^ridge, K. E. , 6.04; Elijah, H. D., 6.64; Garrott, J. P., 6.73; Morris, L. L., 6.07; Underwood, M. L,, 5.10; Ziegler, R, C., 6.09. Juniors Anderson, E. W., 5.03; Burkhart, R. L., 6,11; Cantwell, A., 6.48; Doud, L. J., 6.60; Drake, M., 6.48; Freemyer, G. W., 5.08;TIoefei, J A, 6.28; Legg, B. L., 6.10; Palmer, J. L., 6 32; Reed, G. C., 6 00; Schlosser, W. B., 6.06; Warren, P. G., 6.08. , Seniors Brown,'‘H. E., 6.44; Cudworth, 0., 6.00; Edmondson, J. R., 6.44; Gardner, K. E., 5 22; Kessler, S. 0., 5 44; McKinnis, P E., 6.00; Nash, L. B,, 6.00; Overstreet, C. R., 6.19, Probst, A. H. C, 6.74; Rothenberger, Wm. R., 6.68. ENGINEERING Freshmen Baker, J. D., 6.61; Bah, J., 6.07; Berry, J. M., ^06; Brewer, R M, 6.26; Broberg, J. G., 6.42; Buechler, R. M., 6.21; Bush, Jack Denzel, 616, Campbell, J. T., 6.17; Carr, E. D.,
6.68; Cibrowski, J. M. S., 6.19; Clugston, D. W., 6.96; Collier, P. S., 6.67; Cornetet, P. W., 6.12; Craft, W. S.^ 6.76; Craig, G., 5.05; Dean, J. H., 5.26^; Devore, G., 6.06; Dixon, C. E., 6.08; Duflfey, D., 6.93; Eickmeyer, A. G., 6 61; Elliott, R. H., 6.36. Parr, P. Jr., 6.03; Pinkelstein, L., 6.08; Fishman, L. B., 6.38; Fowler, A. R., 6.87; Friedman, B., 6.14; Gilbert, J. N., 6.19; Hammer, J. E., 5.20; Johnson, G. S., 6.06; Keck, L. E., ^34; Kessel, J. E., 6.31; Kovachevich, N., 6.02; Lacy, C. E., 6.66; Langohr, R. B., 6.40; bangworthy, C., 6.68; Ludberg, J. E., 6.29; Lungerhausen, J. C., 6.33; McEachron, W. D., 6.92; McLeich, D. R., 6.22; MaieSrspn, A. T., 6.37; Martin, D. S., 6.79; Martin, Wm. C., 6.38. Miner, R. E., 6-14; Moller, C. G., 5.09; Parks, J. M., 6.68; Parson, M., 5.61; Prassas, M. J., 6.70; Richardson, R. L., 6.40; Rudolph, J. M., 6.08; Shay, E., 6.00; Smith, E. P., 6.33; Sniith, Wm. H., 6.48; Stafford, C. B. , 5.00; Stutsnnan, L. F., 6.34; Taylor, J. P., 6.44; Thonia, W. P., 6 37; Thompson, J. L., 5.^1; Timms, H. L., 6.18; Toben, G. W.> 6.78; Tomaszewski, T. L., 6.03; Tyner, E. L., Jr., 5.20; Wakefield, M. C., 6.03; Witwer,
B. D.,6.77. SCIENCE Freshmen
Bahler, D. R., 6.16; Brumfield, P. E., 6.16; Feldman, W., 5.69; Pischbach. A., 5.86; Golden, N. P., 6.16; Frannon, C. L., 6.74; Hannas, R. R., Jr., 5.63; Hesler, Caroline Mae, 6.06; Hoff, R. A., 6.33; Housekeeper, R. N., 6.23; Huffman, Helen Maurine, 5.06, Hurd, D. B., 6.06; Learning, Mary Alice, 6.96; McKee, Prances Stanley, 6.93; Merritt, Kathryn Mane, 6.62; Muller, D. P., 6.19; Oblad, Bessie Elizabeth, 6.32; Overstreet, Prance^ Marie, 6.21; Parke, T. V., 5.00; Pultz, Katherine Elizabeth, 5.04; Russell, Elizabeth G., 6 17; Sherwood, D. W., 6.36; Shipley, W. H., 6.70; VanAbeele, P. R., 5.08; White, D.,ko8; Wood, Martha
Love, 6 17.
Sophomores Bam, Louise E., 5.36; Blalock, Maijone, 6.20; Bortner, Mary Ellen, 5.48; Bosco, Jennie M., 6 14; Clipp, P, P., 5 60; Cromer, Catherine Ann, 516; Douglas, L F., 5.44; Goode, C. E., 6.22; Groves, S. K., 6.38; Hochstetler, Sara Kathryn, 6 69;
Kirkpatrick, C. M., 6.32; Light, Mary Jean, 6.86; McWilliams, R. C., 6.32; Roe, Ada May Caecilia, 6.70; Stine, H. M., 6.27. ^ Juniors Bmn, R. H., 6.08; Canatsey, G. D., 6.16; Chancellor, W. S., 6.28; dook, Dorothy May, 6.90; Peldt, Irene Charlotte, 6.26; Pitch, Mildred Leah, 6.16;‘t.Greenburg, Nellie Dora, 6.60; Greenburg, R. B., 5.00; Hines, G. E., Jr., 6.15; Howard, P. K., 6.28; Jackson, E. B., 6.83; Knott, Marjorie Mane, 5.90; Kuehn, Dorothy M., 6.00; Metzger, W. L, 6.00; Miller, Lucia Ellen, 6.41; Ramsey, Helen Joyce, 6.60; Rawles, Charlotte Mae, 5.23; Royster, R. F., 6.21; Sampson, L. F., 6.41; Silverman, Florence Adele, 6.00; Soldner, W. L. , 5.67; Stevens, Wm. H., 6.02; Sundvahl, Marjorie J., 6.14; Venemann, Minnie Adelle, 6.39. Seniors Gaylord, Mary E., 6.08; Gobble, Virgima, 6.26; Hawkins, Virgima M. , 5.62; Hazard, Katherinh Elizabeth, 6.24; Kessler, R. L., 6.00; Lustig, Mary Louise, 6.00; Lyons, Mary Louise, 6.50; Plank, C. J., 6.34; Robbins, R. C., 6.33; Rothert, P. W., 6.38; Sandefur, W. T., 6.24; Spahr, J. F., 6.22; Williams, Helen Joyce,
6.20.
INDUSTRIAL EDUCATION Senior Me^um, W. W., 6.20. HOME ECONOMICS Freshmen Archbold, Alice Jane, 6.13; Blank, Virginia Ruth, 6.38; Breitwieser, Alice liouise, 6.11; Conver, Helen Irene, 5.21; Gibbs, Barbara Connor, 6.06; Jackson, Pearl, 6.24; McCool, Martha Beth, 5.23; Scott, Helen Marie, 6.41; Shaffer, Janette Mane, 6.16; Swaffar, Marjorie Atwater, 5.60; Wien, Mary Elizabeth, 6.31; Wiley, Ruth Mitchell, 6.13. Sophomores Bryant, Dorothy Elizabeth, 6.30; Pncke, Neva Salome, 5.13; Kitchin, Dons Marian, 5.19. Juniors Hixon, Lois Gene, 5.03; Jacobson, Zedia May, 6.07; Simpson, Elizabeth Jane, 6.071 Stair, Alice^Elizs^beth, 6.03; Symons, Doretka, 5.66; Tyler, Mary Elizabeth, 6.70; Bramgin, Betty Jane, 6.00; Harnson, Barbara Jane, 5.43. Seniors Hall, Helen Fowler, 5.28; Maier, Ruth Louise, 6.46; Scriven, Amy Evelyn, 6.33; Sherry, Lura, 6.08. CIVIL ENGINEERING
Sophomores H^ H. P., 6 39; Waling, J. L,
6.16. Juniors Baker, J. M , 5.31; Ingwalson, C.
aabi
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lfefity
Follow ''Grin and Bear 1%** daily in the Exponent.
‘Turn over, Joe—wanna see how you-spell ‘Cjnithia’.’
F., 6.06; Keenan, W. H., 6.27; Reynolds, C. T., 6.32; Ross, A. W., 6.67; Turnbell, R. C., 5.01; Wood, L. D., 6.78. Seniors Boyll, C. A., 6 30; Caesar, G. P., Jr., 6.44; Haver, E. C., 5.28; Herman, D. E., 5.36; Jackson, J. A., 5.08; Keenan, H. U., 6.14; Kreipke, M. V., 6.00; Louis, L. Jr., 514; Rieth, B. A., 5.16. PUBLIC SERVICE Sophomore Cross, G. D., 6.16. CHEMICAL ENGINEERING Sophomores Best, R. D., 6 44; Cronk, J H., 6.16; Dudding, C. W., 6.00; Farrow, V., 6.36; Fredericks, J. W., 6.61; Greiner, J, W., 6.29; Griffenhagen, R. P., 6.34; Grubb, H. V., 6.16; Kriegbaum, J. R., 6.70; Reichelderfer, C. A., 6.78; Reveal, Wm. S., 5.31; Sanders, J. C., 6.04, Stevens,
R. P., 5.11; Wiegandt, H P., 5.20. Juniors Brown, K. R., 5.00; Christy, H. R., 5.03; Cory, M. T., 6.17; George, C. A., 6.48; Hersh, H. L, 6.30; Oberdmg, H. J., 6.71; Oberle, R. D., 6.00; Perkins, G., 6.14; PetticrCw, C. R., 5.44; Seiler, W. U., 6.60; Sibbitt, W. L., 6.60; Slesser, C., 5 23; Staley, R. W., 6.08; Werner, J. E., 6.12. Seniors Bruse, W. E., 5.36; Carr, R. E-, 6.60; Egly, R. S, 6.82; Ewbank, W. J., 5.02; Hunsicker, H. Y., 5.63; Null, R B., 5.32; Rothenberger, L. W., 6.81; Wirick, M. G., 5.68; Wood, L. A., Jr., 518. MECHANICAL ENGINEERING Sophomores Allee, W. A., 6.36; Baals, D. D., 5 61; Belsley, S. E., 5.00; Bigelow, C. G, Jr., 5 36; Cox, E. N., 5.71; (Turn to page 7, section 2)
VvAvet$itf Grad Weds hi New York
Bamtfel a. Wmf He# Yorie was married to* Mhaa BeUy Fort Wayim, Angmt 2$, Fay is a tWl Fnritfe Hradnala and a memher of Sigma Ai|fha Ep* sitott fraternity. The cottple win live in New York after imnipletingr a motor trip. The wedding todk place in New York at ihe Trinity Episcopal chttrch. Fay is employed as an appifcaHo# engineer by Bex-Cole, Imr., of New York City.
John Norman Portor, Lafayette, will enjter Harvard University fhrs fall for graduate study. Porter graduated from the University science school in 1936 mad received his master’s degree tram Pnrdim ht June, 1936. He has bemi engaged in temporary work at Morristowii^ N. J., during the past sttmnter.
E. R. Harris, C. E. *36, Of Denver, Colo., has accepted a position with the United States Geological Survey as recorder. He is working oat of the district office at Denvmr, Golo.
Let’s Eat at Mifzi Sandwich Shop
lere
tefuuy
tastefully served .... Start eating today with
your friends at
The Mitzi Sandwich Shop 213 Vme St. W. Lahiyette
$32.50 Automatic Feed.., Rotary Stencil Duplicating Machine
For Clubs, Fraternities, Sororities and ail Organizations For Factories, Stores, Churches, Business Firms
10 EXCLUSIVE FEATURES:
1—-Less working parts than any other duplicator on the market.
2—Size of Sheet From Postcard to Legal Size Form
3— Perfect Registration. 4— Raising or Lowering of Print 5— Stripper 6— Inside Inking
7—^Adjustable to thickness of stock
8—^Speed of Automatic Feed— 5,050 Per Hour
9—Prints to the very top of Post Card or Sheet
10—Fully Guaranteed
A product of skilled engineering and i^pectalized knowledge in the field of sh^ncil duplicating machines On demonstration at our store or in your home or office by aj|>pointment.
NOTE: Check over this parMal list of sms. You will be surprised hew ituiny forms you need that can he made quickly and econemteelly In your own office. •
Haywood’s
RETAIL DEPT.
Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette, Indiena Complete Office Outfitters^
Some of the "Money Saving and Earning" Uses of this Machine:
SHIPPING FORAAS SHOP ORDERS INVENTORY LISTS STOCK LISTS PRICE LISTS POST CARDS 4ANNOUNCEMENTS <_ CIRCULARS SALES BULLETINS LETTERS OF ALL KINDS <- INSTRUCTION SHEETS <~ PRODUCTION XHEDULES CARTOONS 4BLOTTERS <_ ROUTING SHEETS DEPARTMENT MEMOS , PROMOTIONAL WORK 4ENVELOPES 4BARGAIN LISTS INSURANCE FORAAS STATEMENTS 4LETTERHEADS 4HAND BILLS 4OFFICE FORAAS 4RENTAL LISTS BILLHEADS MENU CARDS 4ORDER BLANKS
$
I #
1,
&
A %,/'Ifwei Four ' 'I# p I *
THE R HtJE EXE 0 NE l^l’
^eipterntwi* 12^ i086:
‘iW'~ 1 ^4 I
{ak?;';
<''/t ' ^ ' Mfe.i ■ ',
NEW STUDENT MODEL Approved 1. e. s.lamp
NEW LOW PRICE $3.25
WOLEVER ELECTRIC CO. 642 Main Lafayette
WELCOME CaEDS Come in and see our FALL FASHIGNS
SOUTHSIDE OF THE SQUARE
Weleome! Purdue Students to our Fall Open House Tuesday Eve^ Seven O’clock All of the new Fall merchandise is ready ' for your inspection. We invite you to make WARD’S shopping headquarters for the coming school year. ^
MONTGOMERY WARD
We Have a Complete and Up to Date Line
OP
Watches -Diamonds - Jewelry ALSO A fine watch repair department and optical shop . . . rush orders on l^enses a Specialty StudcntA store located in South worth’s Bookstore. GERRY MOHLMAN 434 Main St.
WHERETOBtjy DESk RADIOS
Phone 4736
729 Main
H. B. LODDE
you le
Sponsored by Retail Division Grea
f
AGAIN as it is our usual custom, we greet Imth faculty, returning students and freshmen and bid them welcome to Lafayette. As Purdue is an institution of learning, so are we an institu< tion of supplying the needs and necessities for hpme and personal use. It is our desire to sei^e all to our best ability, in the most economical way and we invite everyone to inspect our store and take advantage of the many conveniences offered.
LOEB & HENE COMPANY Since 1870 Oft the Siguare
^ ’ Saturday, September 12,19S6
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
ScHiFF’s Shoe Store
320 MAIN STREET
For Spori^-^-J)re8s or fffear
SIZES.
3 to 9
AAtoCWide
15, 7:00 O'clock
r Lafayette Chamber of Commerce
i^PHipMORi W TELL FRESHMAN CO EPS THAT ■ ' Irhafc PalaiB Royal is style leadquarters for co-eds in iLialayrette. R OVA L
Make a Date With The Paihion Our Fall Openin TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 7 to 9 Showing the Smanest Modes in the
THE FASHION brings to Lafayette and West Lafayette women and misses the newest most authentic fashions at prices th^t will appeal to the value critical as well as those who demand the height in style. Please consider this your invitation to be present.
Quality
THE STORE FOR THE COLLEGE GIRL
MM You are cordiitUy invited to atttend Alan's Open House FaUTSSiowing. The rendezvous of the cdifege girls where they ipeet smart new Fashions in campus wear and evening wear at Alan’s Opral Hbtxse Fall Showing.
ALAN'S
THE RAPP CO WELCOMES
clothing, furnishings, footwear and ladies’ wear at moderate prices.
SOUTH SIDE SQUARE
FOR A VALUABLE EDUCATION YOU CAME TO PURDUE
VOR VALUES IN WOMEN'S WEAR —COME TO THE VAL-O
Dresses, $2.97 and $3.97 Coats and Suits, $8.97 to $32.97 Sweaters 99c, Twin Sets, $1.95-$2,95 Skirts, $1.97 J ^ips, 99e-$1.59 Gowns, 99c-$1.89 Pajama^ 99e-$L9S Dance Sets, 99c Chonib^ 99c
VAL-U-DRESS SHOP 43()Main
HELLO!
anil HEImLO^ ,MAY WE SEEATE YOU DURING THIS YEAR
Agents for Park^ P^s
115 N.4thSL
TWO STORES
ili
^ Miiltt SL> A
/'V
' .4 ' P/Vi vV 0
«
® 1'* *
y»lfe Sfat
THE HUHPtJE EXPONENT
Ideal Boilermaker Gridder Stands 5 Feet, 11 Inches, Weighs 185 Pounds
Airport Gets New Runway The airport was not omitted from the University improvement program this summer. A new runway, 3,500 feet long and 100 feet wide, IS being built across the field from the northeast to the southwest. Only 720 feet of this runway is made of cement, the remaining footage to be composed of six or seven other materials. The spotted runway is to be used for experimental purposes, so that the best material for airport runways may be determined Trees Must Go The removal of trees is necessary before the grading and surfacing on the southeast portion of the long runway may be accomplished. The cement work is finished, but the experimental mixtures, including asphalt and cinder combinations, have yet to be completed. The taxi runway, which is 40 feet, 6 inches wide and 950 feet long is made of cement. This runway extends from the hangar to the center of the field. *' ^ The University field improvements of this summer are being done by the WPA.
Freshman Engineer Attends Annapolis Robert H. Pauli, freshman engineering student at the University last year, has received an appointment to the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis and is now attending that institution. Pauli, who lives in Chicago, at 7611 Luella Avenue, received his appointment from Representative Raymond S. McKeough, after passing a competitive examination. In the competitive rating Pauli was highest for Annapolis and second for West Point, giving him his choice as appointee for Annapolis or first alternate for West Point.
Purdue’s “ideal” gridman this fall will be slightly less than five feet, eleven inches tall, weigh 184% pounds, be a typical midwestemer halfway between his sophomore and junior years, and lean toward the technical and scientific fields as a profession. These constitute the avCTages of the squad of 71 players who reported to Coach Noble Kizer Thursday morning. Long And Short The extremes are shown by Nathan Bush and Albert Klika, who stretch to 6 feet, 6 inches, William Vergane, who slouches around unnoticed at 6 foot, 6 inches; Martin Schreyer tops the list at 216 poiinds and shades Fred Stalcup by 61 precious pounds. The squad will be a youngster in respect to experience with 16 seniors, 26 juniors, and 30 sophomores. The pigskin followers exhibit a wide variety of tastes in scholastic traihing with students in all branches of engineering, science, agriculture, forestry, pharmacy, and physical education. The whole squad is typically midwestern as only none players are from out of Indiana or one of its four neighboring states.
Fall Intramurals To Get Under Way Students will have plenty of opportunity to participate in athletics as the intramural departipent swings its fall program into action in the next few days. At present, those persons wishing to swim can take advantage of the University pool which was opened last Thursday. A regular towel and locker service is provided. Other intramural activities to get under way in the near future are golf, horseshoes, archery, softball, touchball, tennis and cross-country. Intramural field contains 18 softball diamonds, ten touchball fields, four gold and black fields, and three archery ranges. Schedules will be published in the near future.
Prof. O. F. Hall Named Head Of Education President EUiott Shifts Coiitro|^5Vo^ Committee To Professor Professor O. F. Hall has been appointed head of the University department of education by President E. C. Elliott. This change shifts the control of this department from a committee to its former chairman, Professor Hall. Since the deaths of Dr. G. C. Brandenburg, head of the department two years ago, this committee has been in charge of all the department’s activities. Dr. Elliott, with the approval of the trustees of the Universfty, has disbanded the committee ana given full control to Professor Hall. Here Since 1917 Since joining the University staff in 1917, Professor Hall has served as professor of educational sociology and done work as rural sociologist on the extension staff of the University. He is the author of numerous publications and articles in this field and is serving his second term as a member of the West Lafayette school board.
University Glider Pilots In Meet About 6Q glider pilots and their ground crews with approximately 20 gliders competed this week in the first annual midwestern soaring meet at Empire, Mich. Pilots'Vere entered from Michigan, Ohio, Illinois and Indiana. The value of this lake regpon as a glider base was just discovered a year ago. The program started Sunday, Sept. 4, and continued for a week, is the largest that has been attempted so far at this site. ' The participants represent the University, Detroit, Toledo, Fort Wayne, and Chicago.
iaisiie;
Satnrdfry> Sepiefiibbf 1^, 19^6 ^
Romans Had Nothing On The Mayans Dpan Enders Says Indians Were Excettent Architects
“All of the buildings on the entire University campus could be constructed out of the hewn stones used in building either* Chichcn Itza or Uxmal, Mayan cities of the stone age,” Dean Enders commented in describing the extended vacation tour of Central America and Mexico taken by himself and his family during the summer months. “On our trip we visited a number of the outstanding Mayan and Aztec developments in Yucatah and Mexico and ever3rwhere found a surprising degree of civilization. Chichen Itza alone must have covered over six square miles and had a population of over a quarter ofj a million persons living within its walls. Buildings High “Individual buildings often reached a height of 110 feet or more, this despite the necessity of using stone age equipment in the cutting and
Grid Poster Shows
r Lettermen
Majo]
Boilermaker grid veterans are featured on the new Purdue gridiron poster. A large picture showing all seventeen major lettermen is the center of interest on the card with the schedule and ticket prices grouped around the photograph. The gridmen are sKOwn in full uniform ready for action. Printed in goldenrod and black this poster strikes a new note in the poster field of art as it makes its appearance in the middle west.
Dean^A. A. Potter, of the engineering^ schools, and D. W. L. Batt, of New York City, distinguished alumnus, are delegates to the third world power conference at the national capitol. The meeting started September 7 and concludes today.
Mr. D. Richey, nationally known electrical engineer and educator, died on June 24 at his home in Kennebunkport, Maine. Mr. Richey graduated from Purdue in 1894.
preparation of stone blocljg,” Dean Enders said. “Stone blocks weighing up to two tons have been found as high as 100 feet nbove the ground. “An elementary appreciation of art was evident from the numerous decorations cut in low and full relief in the border stones on the buildings. Recent excavations have proved that at one time these were covered jvith frescoes, brilliantly colored and executed,” he added. Restoration “Credit for the restoration of many of these old temples and dwellings damaged by expanding tree roots and covered by vegetation and dirt, is due the members of Carnegie Institute who devoted the time and patience necessary to reconstruct the often shambles-like ruins. The Mexican government has cooperated in the last few years by supervising points of interest to prevent souvenir hunting and marauding. “Of particular interest to us was a cylindrical building about 70 feet in height in one of the cities which had obviously been used for astronomical observations by the Mayans. At the top of the structure was a series of tunnel-tubes marking the cardinal points of the compass and
another designating the farthest northern point reached by the suri in its course. Paved Road “The Romans were not the onlj^ builders of god'd roads,” Dean Enders remarked, '‘for the Mayane constructed a paved road 12 feet wide running between Chichen Itza'' and Uxmal, theit two principal cities, that is still visible where rains have not washed dirt over it. “Following our travels in Yucatan, we flew north by plane iiito Mexico, home of the Aztecs, whose feats as architects itvaled those of the Mayans. At CuemaVaca we vis- ^ ited the pyramids with their subterranean rooms and great courts built by the Aztecs in honor of their gods. “Perhaps our most exciting experience,” Dean Enders concluded, “was entirely modem in its concept. We were traveling by air out of Mexico Ci^ at about 16,500 feet altitude through a cloud belt wjhen slush ice began to form on the wings. The pilot sent the ship up an; ^ additional 2,000 feet without' diifi- ^ culty, however, ^nd favertedr*,any^ danger. Incidently, we were able to cover in five hours by airplane the same distance that five days by trains required.”
Welcome Students
for Better SHOE REBUILDING AND HAT CLEANING
SWANK SHOE REBUILDER AND HATTER 512 Main St. Opposite Lahr House
Get Acqucdnted Now With the most appetizing food in' town \
To Be Extravagant Is Easy . . . But To Be Thrifty Is Really Smart! Thrifty People Have the Knack of Making a Little Accomplish a Lot. That Is Why Thrifty People Eat at Wheeler’s. ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ There Is Always a Table on the Second Floor in the Colonial Room. START THE HABIT EARLY—LUNCH TODAY AT WHEELER’S
Conthtmus
W
24-’Hour
F? .A
Service
INDIANAPOLIS LEBANON FRANKFORT LOGANSPORT
Pay Attention to What You Eat, But More To Where You Eat It,
Wheeler’s Lunch
430 MAIN STREET Lafayette, Indiana
i ? -i. r A*
i \
I >
;
S
? fl ' > HI 'SB9 Keceiv^s:
:.'AS'^'
IHstingiilslied Hating (idpntitiued from page $) :? I.ii||jliljl.i. I I'".'"■H)'I i ill.HI.■Ill .!lll■llll!.^|||^^|.l■l■lll■l
Grieger, H. E., 6.24; Holmes, V. 1?., 6.i)8; Kingsliiur;;^, R. C.^ 6.49; Kuj»chiek, W., 6.44; Landist R* E., 6.18; I >’ Mui^ay, j. Ri, 6.94; Mu$ham, W. C., ; 6.21; Scott, jfe. L., 6.23; ^mall, J. rl sham, R. 0., 8.31. ' i Juniors ?ice, G. Wm., 6.29; Chastain, B. I. , 6.66; Daley, G. G., 6.02; Egnor, R. , '‘ P.,;6.40; Gilbert, W. W.y 6;02; Gro'spman, Pi’A., 6.22; Hensley, E. P., M., 5.18; Martin, G. W., 6.30; 0»Heal, W. B., 6.44; Pultz, N. J., ^ 6.19; Small, G. E., 6.62; Smith, B. M., 6.67; Stewart, R. R., 6.88; Stone, Hi B., 5.07; Tober, A. H., 6.69; Uner, R. A., 6,04; Wahl, P; G.i 6.40; Wait, D. N., 6.78; Warren, E. M., 6,99; Wray, P. C., 6.09; Wright, J. W., 6.26; Zircher, P. J., 5.22. . Seniors -—'Abbott, W^. R., Jr., 6.37; Baker, C. r H., Jr.,'6.09; Rarnes, R. C., 5,40; ’ Barton, R. B., 6.00; Bilen, A. H., . 5.25; Bridges, D. A., 6.67; Brossarb, J. A., 6.07; Bunch, R. J., 6.49; Burpi haitn> D. C.j 6.28; Cahill, R. J., 6.44; . Dyrenforth, R. C., Jr., 6.07; Elliott, E. ; 6.17; Garney, C. F.» 6.08; Guirl, H. P., 6.64; Lee, R. F., 5.47; McGinnis, T. J., 6.62; Pierce, J.-D., 6.62; Poorman, G. E., 6.79; Schepman, W. G. G., 6.46; Sterrett, C. C., 6.44; Thompson, 0. J., 6.21; WestOn, A. G., 6.08. PHYSICAL ■, Ei5UCATi()N ,4juniors,'f "V,' !Dpwney> G* > Glendennij§]g, L. L., 6il7; Stalcup, F. L., 5.07. Senior ■ ' Ptehring, T"; T., 5.08i ELECTRICAL ^phomores ‘Alexahderj,' E. C., 6.34; Barrows, M. D., 5.02; Ehinger, C. D., 6.13; Gibson, O. Bi, 5.08; Graham, R. E., 5.ii6; Schlundt, R. H., 5.58; Sheadel, J.'m., 6.36; Wells, H. F., 5.84; Wood, WliR.,6.69r.4 - Juniors Batchelor, J. W., 5.18; Beaudway, R. W., 5.47; Buchanan, L. W., 5.08; Burrell, K.H., 6.60; Burroughs, J. EigO^bO; Easley, G. J., 6.68; Duten-
> w 6.16; E. ^
6.29; Hall, Ci P., A16; Keller, E. L 6.31; Kennedy, q. G., 5.00; Leffel, J C., 6.87; LiScher* L. P., 5.61; Loehr, R. W.^;6.60; Mc%chron* K. B., Jr., 6i04; Roth, W. L,, 6.66; Shank, R. J., 8.68; Sloan, C. D., 5,39; Trbovich, M., 6.00; Wearly, W. L., 6.00; Weppler, H. E., 6,26; l^aie^, P. G., 6.09; Winter; W. W., |.39; Woodruff, J.
R., 6.00, Seniors
BellWs, G., 6.26; Cheng, Chao
Chi, 6.07; Cissell, R. P., 6.31; David, f. H., jrr., 6.00; Doyle, P. W., 5.81;
;Hcwei|R/:''M.;i:6,00j;’§f^^
6.60; If^ssel, R. L., 6.33: Rueck. E. P., 6.61; Liu, I-Lun, 6.27; Vladimir,
L. 0., 6:28.
PHARMACY
Freshmen
. Clark, R. L., 6.02; Glunt, Ruth Gordon, 6.00; Hopkins, H., 6.89; Lawrence, S. M., 5.10. Sophomores Cdh^, S, R., 6i66; jiinn, K. M, 6.08; Mailath, Cornelia, 5.31; Reiff; G. H.; 6.11; Sb^ish, E, S,, 6.22. Juniors’4/' Creech, Helen Louisp, 6.8l; VanPelt, W.E., 6.31.
.^jgrin ano oeAk fr
Union Prexy CampUs Hero By Ovpn Ckoi^
Jim Shoemaker, presideht of the Student Union; was unanimously elected campus hero: in a poll conducted dimng the summer by the Suminer jSi^sum thap 178 persons selected him as their ideal. When interviewed during . the summer Hero Shoemaker stated, “I am sorry that the others IbSt, but I am glad that I won.'Mt was later revealed that all four candidates had stuffed the box for themselves, but rather than disqualify any of them the “hero” award was given to Shoemaker.
R. F. Eirkman, C. E,’36, of Chicago, recently accepted a position with < the J. A. Utley ^Contracting Company, of Detroit. ' At present this company holds a larg^ contract with the GrCneral Motors Yellow Cab Company at Pontiac, Mich., covering highway, railsyiy;,; parking lot, and a large editi^p 1^0 parking fpt, and a large additiOn to their plant.
THE, t»PSPCB! EXPOHEMT
By Licfity
Fbdlow **Grih^a Exponent.
“Some day Fm RxHina geil aw this an’ go to the
Frequency Changed; Television
W9XG, University experimental television transmitter, its broadcasting frequency Sept; 15 frwtt 2800 kiidi^ciCS to its driginal frequency of 2060 kilocycles. This change will be made by request of the Federal Communications Commission. The transmitter was designed to work on a frequency band of 2000 to 2IOO kilocycles and it may be retuned to that frequency without any change in equipment, exedptf for a st^l addition in; height toi tenna tower. Under the two year old setup, picturesi transmitted by W9XG have been Mceived up to a distance of 1,000 miles. By further lowering thie fi*equency, as is hoW plahtted, it is possible that rural ^strict and
snaaller ciUes may be served^ ' Comparatively'little is known regarding th^ possibilities -of reception of television pictures over '^ide areas. Only a small amount of exr perimentation, aside from the pioneering done at the University station, has been carried on to check the theories piroposed for such transmission and reception. Following the reconstruction of the antenna and the retuning 6f the University station late this month; the sttenglbCiOf the 1 television signals and quality of the pictures^ Will be Studied throughput wde areas surrd^dipg by memis of portable reception equipment which Will be transported in an autdmdbile and possibly by airplane.
Gr^ory Leaves For Washington Job
R, vy, GregP^,^# chtiptial department ;|fid left Ttt^di^ tvt 1^hnfgteii;a fk 6., to jdin the staff fhe Pemral Board for Vocational Edneaidon; ii'i^ cording to an annotn|eem^t fipin the office of the Ukdversity miaideht,;'; ’Proi. Gregory’s nOw work consist of e&ning school instrnctihg in the field of agrietdtnre gnd yisRs to plL pairt^ of the United states. Prof. Gregory was graduated from Purdue in 1919 in agricult^l qducatipu and taught for several years at Mooresville before joii^g the University staff in 1924. He also holds a master’s degree from Purdue. Mia. Uiregory end their two sons Will reihain in West Lafayette for the present.
Octupletk Bom Near University Library
re-
All records Were shattered
cehtly when pctuplets were bom to a poor family living near the University library. The date of birth has not been determined but the
news came out July 22, ,
Reports state that all eight of the youngsters were normal and have been gaining ; in weight s^adily
since theii? birth. :
V ^
Disaster loomed a few weeks after their birth when the Sigma Chi dog somehow nmnaged to get close to the octuplets and attacked them. Fred Stalcup, Beta football player, saved the day by routing the enemy with a well-aimed boost to the hindquarters. Latest news shows all eight of the youngsters in good health and
is also in fine condition.
iipwaaiapEiiiE. ^ f;
New Position
‘ Jab lo TroIi:^
fe;-
Dr. Joseph L Weinlaiid has been beadj^Uw 6diit|ii^^ fiiuuM^ deparhnbjait at Rol^MtsUid-^^ lege^ :|shfniilirub; ptMhrmacy' aehooi graduate, was Jh ehari^ of phatnkll^ here severalireairs. Hei ing Europe whl^ he received Ms new apIMuntmeiii. Dr. WmtdatMi will not return home but wriR over his new position immeditilely. The Roberts Cenege^^^ j^ chose Dr. UVeixd^d when he learned that Dr. Weinl^d had taken contmerce and finance ) courses in eol--lege. He was acc^inpanied On Ms tour by Dr. Lybyer, of the Hlinois University faculty. Dr. Weiidand was manager and part owner of tbe Schultz-Weinland Drng Uompany, )of Brazil, Ind., before accepting Ms new pewition.
Febel To Afsist Peele
Fritz Febel, Purdue graduate of 1934 and mighiy guard of the ’33 eleven, is serving as assistant coach at the University of Buffalo under Jim Peele.
Loebs Coa^ In Yiirgiiiia
Frank “Butch” Loebs, stellar end of last year’s Purdue team and an outstanding playpr with the College All-Stars this summer, will take a position as assistant coach at Huntington, Virginia.
Jeff Meirtor Builds HcMDie
A. B. Masters, well known Pur-
the mother, a fine cotton tail rabbit,-j^ue^star and JefferSon Mgh school
YimHibber Coach In East
George VanBibber, tackle On the Boilermaker eleven in 1930 and an honorable mention for All-Ameri-cun honors that year, is now head coach At State College. He was formerly assistant coach at the University of Missouri.
coaeh, has built a handsome new home in Crestview Place, Hills and Dales. Ed. Schroyer was’the con-
tractor./■'
President Elliott attended the meeting of the executive committee of the American Council on Education, of vddeh he is a member, recently. The meeting was conducted in tVashington, D. C.
To SaRORITIES FRATERNITIES Bnd CLUBS
DESKS; HWNQ CABINETS, SAFES, I CHAIRS, TABLES; ^ TCHIJET PAPER, PAPER m J ^ DIXII CUPS, IK^HD i3APS AND V DISP^iNSERS, IRECOI^ BOOKS, m ENGRAVING, FOR]^ PAPERS, LAB COVERS
i' 1
Form Paper, Loose-Leaf Books, Genuine end E^ Log-Log# Trig/ peci-Trig, Polyphase Slide Rules
iUA out Slide Rules Me brand neur, tl^ Yeaiis Stock. No used ot sbop-tvorn Siide Rules are sold by us. Your name smmped in genuine gold letters. FREE.
DiETfZGEN’S UilAMPIOM No. 10i7.C
We seH^only appioyed D)^^ ritMtrumfuts, Buy j|ray^^ ments from only responsib|f and establisl^ Deale#
Haywood’s as
We heyf the iWett PriceB on Studeiii^ Suppliet.
Etteblifhed 182i
UlATETTi, INP.
$ Fifth and Feny
mr
SPECIAL PRICES ON FOUNTAIN P^S AND PENCILS
SOUD O AK
The de^ "that you have id^ys wanted’* for your study room. Made of leferfed fiidiana ^sdt.
PRJGE
' Fifeo" ' ; Delivery Anywhere
fREE
A fine leather corher desk/|Ad tihd blotter given ERBE yfid* eswb desjj? r
Length 42 in. Width 30 in. Height 30 ill. Wei^t 120 pounds awers, ll^x4^3dS2 jo. and^t^ Die Wirtth^ Bed k TW#; AM IJ.0O for Wabiunot ACehegeey
ALL DESKS have center drawer wiik lock. (This feature not shown in , above eut.)
4 < ■!*
-4 4 Jr
1
•?' ■ "-.-‘•''/it - ^ i- ' 'pjiapwBawBiBwi»wiiiipi^^
'^'y '■ ,''''
THE PtJRDUE EXPONENT
i. I ^ , 1
Saturday, September 12> 1^86
pi'
?'V' Sf
'!■ '
f
v, I "> i-'-
; ‘
.f,Vl. “f ..
u
Purdue Freshmen
We buy and sell new and second-hand Purdue Text
r
♦
\
H. G/'Deac' Reisner
STUDENT BOOK SUPPLY STORE
We have everything for a college ediication...We sell Frederick Post and Keuffel & Esser drawing instmiiients and slide rules...They are the best add they last a lifetime.
m.
fto
,4
/
®Jie ^urbue exponent
' !
S’; 'C-m
THIRD SECTION
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1936
Mentor Plan Continues On Larger Scale , Freshmen Under Wing Of; Upperclassmen; Scudder Ijn Charge
By sending freshman,girls’ names to .mentors during the summer, Jeannette Scudder, chairman of the freshman orientation committee, started the mentor system before school time. With the help of the office of the Office of the dean of w^men, letters were sent to the new women students explaining the Women’s Self Government Association and its rules. Also the letter told the girls that there was a mentor or an upperclassman at Purdue who was especially interested in her. Mentees Miss Scudder sent the'* mentors names of freshman co-eds or mentees, to whom they were supposed to write immediately. In the correspondence between the mentor and metftee they were to arrange a meeting on Friday, Sept. 11. Letters, explaining the duties of a mentor, and the Freshman Folio were sent to approximately eighty upperclass women. Yesterday afternoon a compulsory meeting of all mentors was held in the Memorial Union Building.
Demand For Women Physical Education Teachers Increases
University Offers Three New PEW Courses to Meet Needs
As in other fields of education, the demand for women instructors in the field of physical education is the. increase. One main reason ‘ for the large demand is a new state law ruling that only women can teach girls’ gym classes in secondary schools. The physical education department for women has added three new courses to the curriculum in order to meet the demand for women gymnasts. The new courses are PEW 71, offered only the second semester and which gives fundamental rhythm training; PEW 83, a course setting forth the history and aims of physical education,, and PEW 92, which deals with material suited for teaching younger age groups. ' Increased Hours Two courses which will have their credit-hours increased are PEW 76 ,and PEW 81. This change is made in order to give more time to the physical examination in the former and in order to include a regular course in first aid in the latter. It is now possible to do graduate work in physical education. Graduate students may get a master’s degree in education with a minor in physical education.
Co-eds Find Dutch Dating No Novelty
Co-eds at the University of Kansas have discovered the problem of dutch dating is not as modern as .we thought. Historians declare grandmother and grandfather “dutch-dated” back in 1873 and'this practice is characterized by a cyclical pmiodidty similar to business booms. Since Shirley Temple’s parents made, public the intention of sending their famous daughter to the University of California, Los Angeles, the various sisterhoods ‘are, no doubt, laying plans far in advance to pledge “Curley Top.” At Iowa State University, women who are unable to purchase textbooks may borrow or rent them by the quarter at the AWS library, which is maintained for their convenience. Only one DePauw co-ed in the last three years has desired to be a housewife, according to reports compiled in the registrar’s office, They hope to be everything from “archaelogists to,,undertakers and osteopaths”; the largest percent intends to go into the field of education.
Color Rampant In Fall Fashion Parade
Greens, Wine Shades Crowd To Front By Doris Ellen McCartney
With greater importance than than ever, color leads the fall fashion parade. Greens—lovely warm greens, dark greens and Kelly greens—along with the new wine shades crowd to the front. Black, which is always so important, is given new life and character through colorful accents which are decidedly ^^startling. Deep rich browns are still favorites.
With college entrance requirements many fashion iCxpe'rts axe listing many sweaters. They range from the blouse sweater to the sleeveless style for strict sportswear.
Fabrics with hairy surfaces, bold nubs and strong designs are much in the mode for fall. Fur and fur cloth trim, especially astrakhan, is definitely “in” for suits and dresses alike.
As the advance showing in summer styles indicated, tunics are more popular than ever. They may be any length from barely more than peplum length to those quite long. Back fullness in skirts is important and the straight line silhouette has been replaced to make the modern miss appear in grandmother’s image. Sleeves are full, particularly at the shoulder and fiares are used
in a most unexpected manner.
Everyone will be upon the air this
season and perhaps they have a right to be. Look at the hats — crowns are very high, often pointed. There’s nothing too extreme.
For campus wear there are rugged tweeds, thick pebbly weave woolens. There are plaids with gay scarfs and hats. Color goes rampant.
For ^evening, black velvet is a favorite but evening wear is,not the only use 't6'*which velvet is put. "u is found in clever afternoon dresses. Velveteen in brilliant colors is used with contrasting skirts or in one piece dresses. Any wa-y it is used it’s new and good.
The newest raincoats are of black rubber with white lining and white fasteners or white rubber with black clips.
For a noticeable difference, take a look at the suede suits. Suede is excellent this season whether it be in gloves, bags, shoes, or jackets. Some of the featured suits in suede button down-the-front of jacket and skirt alike. For really smart wear there is the three-piece suit all in suede with a short swagger jacket and turnover collar of capeskin. Tweeds with suede pipings and revers are new' and very good. Belts may be had in many bright colored suedes all cluttered up" with metal trim and fastenings.
Rookie Co-eds, Take These Tips For Hits, Runs, No Errors In Social Games
IBy Elizabeth Pyke As for men ‘and social life, a freshman co-ed might be called a hit, who is only a flash-in-the-pan with her short-lived popularity. With a tempting line she may reach first or second base. After half the desirable men have bit on the line, the other half have heard about it. Consequently the , new co-ed’s flare of popularity grows dim and she settles down to one or two friends. Seldom is a girl like a home-run. If so she is the sensation* of the school year. Withoqt any effort she attracts men. She does not worry about having dates all the time for it is fun to go out for sports after school and to go to a '^movie occasionally with a bunch of girls, all of this is part of her charm. Many Errors Many are the errors of freshmen co-eds. Often it is the green freshman who mismanages her social affairs by having two dates on the same night. A sure way of getting a poor reputation is to break a date with one boy,in ordet to accept the invitation of one who seems more desirable. The other extreme is to date the same fellow all year long; this prevents a new girl from meeting other men, “She is snobbish" might be said about a girl if she refuses to take
dates with freshmen eds. Maybe girls mature earlier than men, but a co-ed misses much fun by not mingling with her own classmates. A freshman may be called “stuckup” if she does not speak tq male acquaintances on campus. Whether a girl knows it or not, it is her job to speak to the boy first. Friendliness on campus and in activities will bring a girl more laurels than anything else. About Telephones It is not unheard-of for a girl to telephone to fraternity houses to talk to anyone who happens to ansyirer the phone. This is a mistake for there are many plans offered by,“different groups to help the men and women become acquainted. So it would b'e wise for a freshman girl to watcl^^^e errors so that she might be at leastrarhit and possibly a home-run.
Sororities To Begin Rush On Sept 27 Council States ° Pledg-
ing Will Be Clean, Fair, Helpful
Dissatisfaction with rushing in previous years has caused the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council to defer sorority rush this year until ten days after the opening of school. Rush will officially start Simday, Sept. 27, and will last until Thursday, Oct. 8, at 8 o’clock in the evening. .
Pi Phis Ha,ve New House Mother
' - Pre\dpusly,'igirls'-have been rushed' in a three-day period before orientation tests, or during the week of orientation. The council believes that this led to general bewildermen of incoming women, and “snatch pledging” by the various sororities. ~ ' Not Satisfied The complaint has been that neither pledges nor the organizations have been satisfied. It is the wish of the Panhellenic Association that the rush period this year will be clean, fair and helpful. Sara Schaaf, president of the Panhellenic Council, states:' “Every year it seems that freshmen women are becoming more mature and more capable of making their choices wisely and in good judgment.” Pay Fee Each rushee is to pay a fee of $2.00 the day before rush starts. This will ascertain the number of girls going through rush. Information on the quotas of the various sororities set by the council will be available Saturday afternoon, September 26. The Social Panhellenic Association has published a book containing rush rules and general information about sororities. Each woman applicant has been sent a copy. General Information General informal Open House will be held by'all sororities the first day of rush. Four informal dinners and a formal dinner on preference night are' the organized rushing functions. No luncheons will be given at any tipie during rush by the sorority houses. Invitations to the preference night dinner -will be received and signed at the Panhellenic desk at the Memorial Union Bmlding, Oct. 7. They will be called for by rush chairmen that evening. After the dinner all rushees will sign their preference cards. Lists from the sorority houses and the preference cards are matched by the Panhellenic lawyer, and the lists Of pledges are published. Pledge training for freshmen and sophomores will ex tend over a period of 108 days, after which initiation sWvices may take place.
Mrs, Cora B. Case, Evanston, 111., recently assumed her duties as housemother of Pi Beta Phi sorority. She was formerly with the Alpha Ki Delta iphapter at Northwestern Uniyersitfc
Foundation Entertains
The Wesley Foundation opened activities with an informal party Friday eyening at 7:30, The party wasMield at the Foundation ^ox>BQ at 436 State street. Freshmen Were guests of honor-
Freshman Co-ed Class Largest In Histoiy
Dinner Tonight Honors Frosh Women
In honor of the freshman women and transfer students the President’s Dinner will be held tonight in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building at 6:30. President E. C. Elliott will be the principal speaker of the evening. Freshman girls may find their seats with their W. S. G. A. mentors according to tables, which are arranged alphabetically with last name of the mentor. Any new co-ed, who does not know her mentor, may find the correct name at a table in the lobby before the dinner. Call Union To save confusion, freshman girls may call the Memorial Union and ask for the W. S. G. A. office, where someone will give mentor information. There will be no charge for the dinner. Faculty members who come in contact yfith the new won^en students and heads of the different girls’ activities will be introduced by the toastmistress, Jeanette Scudder, chairman of the freshman orientation committee of W. S. G. A.. After the dinner, Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women, and Ruth Copeland, president of W. S. G. A,, will say a few words.
Y^^’CA To Hold Tea In Union Thursday
President Patricia Jones will preside at a tea meeting of the Y. W. C. A. Thursday, Sept. 17, at 4 o’clock. A special invitation is extended to new students so they may become acquainted with the Y. W> C. A. Assistant dean of women and Y. W. C. ^ adviser, Clare Goolidge, will tell of the aims and purposes of the organization. Jayne Bennewitz will explain the membership drive.
Have A Date OnTheWSGA
On account of the new rush rules forbidding sororities to get dates for freshmen women, W. S. G. A. is taking the responsibility of assisting all co-eds who desire dates by opened a date bureau in the W. S. G. A. office on the second floor of the Memorial Union Building. The service, in charge of Margaret Dimmick and Jeannette Scudder, will open this morning at 8:30. The ed or co-ed desiring a date calls at the office any ^me before 1 p. m. and fills out a card supplying his name, age, height and the occasion for which he desires the date. The office is closed between 1 and 2 p. m., during which time the dates are arranged, then re-opens from 2 to 4:30 in order that one may come and find the name of his date. No Telephoning Girls and fellows must both come to the office in person, as no telephone requests will be taken. Any person breaking a date is immediately declared ineligible for further service from the bureau. Dates will be arranged for the mixer this evening.
Work On Two New; Sorority Houses Nears Completion
Both Alpha^Chi Omega and Kappa Kappa Gamma have, during the past summer, built new houses. The new Alpha Chi Omega house is at University and Sixth streets. The Kappa house is at the corner of Fourth and Waldron. In addition to these houses and the sorority houses of Alpha Xi Delta, Chi Omega, Kappa Alpha Theta and Pi Beta Phi, upper class w'omep may reside in the house on University street which was former ly the Phi Mu house. This house, holding IB girls, is to ho operated by the University in the same manner as the Women’s Residence , Hall Upper class women not in these houses aie living in prii^te hom.es
in the city.
The new Alpha Chi Omega hopse, , 1 (Turn to page sectioii
Approxiiiijttefy 400 " Expected To R^[»ter Official statements regardiog the number of freshman co-eds entering the University place the nnmber at approximately 400, the greatest number of freshman girls ever to enter the University. This increased enrollment is not attributed to any one cause; colleges throughout the country are experienciiig the same'
overflow of students.
Miss Clare Coohdge, assistant to Dean Dorothy Stratton, stated that the housing situation was, “well in hand.” Since the Women’s Residence Hall can house only 125 girhi, there will be a large number living
in town.
Residence Annex The house located at 103 Russell street, now under Universily management, wiU serve as mi annex to the Residence Hall and will house 16 ^rls. A number of private houses have been added to the approved list sent out from the Office of the Dmua of Women. Seven of these houses wiB house eight or more girls. Eig^htiwn smaller houses wiU take care of 55 girls. There is housing space stiH available for approximately seventy
co-eds.
Upperclass Co-eds Urge Frosh To Make FoKo Hieir Bible
Incoming Women Receive 59-Page Booklet Sponsored By WSGA
“Read Your Freshman Folio!” is the plea of all upperdasswomem The small square book Of 59 pages is crammed with facts pertinent to freshman women. Comparatively new—^this year’s is the third edition —^the publication is sjmnsored by the Women’s Self Government Association, and is issued every summer to incoming, wonien. Campus activities are listed a«d discussed briefly, telling -the qualifications for each one. Honoraries, and what they recognize, are mentioned, to clarify freshman bewilderment. Social events are listed and mixer dress is described. Freshmen are mtroduced to the University life by personal messages from President Elliott and Dean Dorothy C. Stratton.
Harding Made AIEE Officer
Prof. C. F. Harding took offi(» August 1 as one of the five vice presidents of the A. L E. Ei Qf the 10 districts in the United States, including Canada, Ibrof. Harding has charge of the 6th district. This section includes Michigan, Wiscmisin, Minnesota, Iowa, Illinois, and Indiana. The newly elected president of the A. I. E. E., wh<H5 'rice president of the Reliance Electric Company, of Cleveland, Ohio, is A. M. MaeCuteheon. His son was graduated from the University school of eleetcknl engineering in 1934. A. I. R E. Elections K. B. McEachron, formerly under Dr. Harding in the high voltage department of the Umvessitf, wan among the officers elected last JTuitev The A. I. R R elections sIsq included James H. Bowman, Lester S, Beck, R, H. George, end Bail R Roys, all of whom have proftasoiflt ratings at the. Uxdveisi^. Theea four men axe officers for the cmitnl Indiana district.
Soviets Visit Sehool
kUiiiliilriliaitiilliiiai
During the suDsmer session, three Russians were gueste of the Uni-, versity. They were Dr. O. K. Meister, dicector the Saratov expedtment stetion and viee-pr«md|ent of the Lenin Academy of A^iculturat Sciences, Ids wife as Ids secretary, and A. S. Essipov, chief of the state plant fareeding of the Sovl^ Peoi^es’ Commissariat of ture'at Moscow. .’c C' "
/ ''i' i'
Krfi
’ f
r 1 rf< •im
|i
'M-
IS.**
mkKsm.<^4' *, ^ r ’
Pngfe Two
< ■<
<' <y ’■’ " '.'T;
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
S^tuyday, September 12, 1986
ConvoWm Mark Start Of 63rd Year Amelia Earhart, J. T. McCtttcbeoii To Talk At Convocation The first all-tJniversity convocation of the University’s sixty-third year, apprc^riately named the "Progress Convocation,” will be held on Monday evening, September 21, at 7:80 o’clock in Memorial G3nnwith a program headlined by nationally known figures, it was announced today. Admission to the outstanding program will be by convocation ticket only. John T. McCutcheon, world-famed cartoonist, an 1889 graduate of Purdue, will act as master of ceremon'ies for the gala occasion, which will also bring here, among other celebrities, sudi personages as Amelia Earhart, noted aviatrix, who is consultant on careers for women on the University staff, and Edward Nell, nationally known stage and radio star, who is a 1921 Purdue graduate. Other Speakers Other speakers of the evening, which will mark the beginning of the University’s sixty-third year, will include President E. C. Elliott; David E. Ross, president of the Board of Trustees; Noble E. Kizer, directoy of athletics and head football coach, and “HERO” Shoemaker, president of the Student Union. The program will also ipclude special selections by the Purdue band, directed by Prof. P. S. “Spots” Emrick; songs led by Albert P. Stewart, director of musical organizations, and a rousing yell session in charge iof George W. Burnell, Jr., head yell leader.
I. Undergraduate and special students who have no unremoved C, D, I or f ‘ grades on record, and are not on probation, register according to the first letters of their surnames, as follows: Aft-Br Mon., Sept 14, 8:80- 9:00 A. M. Bs-Do Mon., Sept. 14. 9:00- 9:30 A. M. Dp-Gn Mon., Sept. 14, 9 ;80-10:00 A. M. Go-Ho Mon.. Sept. 14.10:00>10:30 A. M. Hp-Lb Mon., Sept 14,10:80-11:00 At M. Lb-Mil Mon., Sept 14.11:00-12:00 A. ML Mim-Pl Mon., Sept 14, 1:00- 1 ;80 P. M. Pm-Sh Mon.. Sept 14, 1:80- 2:00 P. M. Si-To Mon., Sept 14, 2 ;00- 2:80 P. M. IV-Zs Mon., Sept 14, 2:80- 8:00 P. M. II. Undergraduates and special students who have unremoved C, D, I or P grades on record, but are not on probation, register according to the first letters of their surnames, as follows:
Student F orum To Hear Deans ‘‘If I Were A Freshman” Will Be Subject Of Talk In Union Dean Dorothy Stratton and Dean Fisher will roll back the scroll of time Wednesday evening, September 16, in t^ie Faculty Lounge of the Union Building and speak at the Student Forum upon the subject, “If I Were a Freshman.” The forum, featuring these two speakers, was planned to solve many of the problems confronting the incoming class and allow the freshmen to meet the two persons who will be their foster father and mother for the next four years. Questions from the floor will be answered. Religious Council Sponsor The forum, this year as before, is backed by the Religious Council. All students are welcome to the discussions which, after the first meeting on Wednesday, will meet every Thursday evening in the Faculty Lounge of the Union at the same hour. The dates and subjects of the following meetings are: Sept. 24, "Should a Student Organize?” by W. R. Smith; Oct. 1, “Religious Life of a Student,” by Dr. Hadley; Oct. 8, "What Is Success ?” by, Prof. C. Murphy; Oct. 16, “Present Economic Problems,” by T. K. Noss; Oct. 22, “Cooperative Movements”; Oct. 29, “Political Problems and Their Solutions.”
Cosmopolitan Club * Enrolbuent Monday Foreign students in the University are requested to register with the Cosmopolitan Club in the old Student Union office at any time between 8 and 4:30 o’clock from Sept. 14 to 20. The Cosmopolitan Club is a goodwill organization of foreign and American students.
SnCKPICX-UP FOR IREDETES
Want to give your eyes a lift? Use Murine. Soothing, refreshing to hot, tired, reddened eyes. Greot for eyes irritated by reodIng, dust, wind, smoke, or light glare. Use it doily, URINE. /oa FVire Vova Mmt 1 iaeb?
Dfew Schedule Of Registration
Aa-Br Bs-Do Dp-Gn Go-Ham Han-m Hj-Jam Jan-Ki Kl-Li Lj-Mh Mi-N O-Pl Pm-Rn Ro-Sc Sd-Sn So-Sz T-Vd Ve-Wh Wi-Z
Mon., Mon. Mon., Tues,, Tues., Tues., Tues., Tuesr, Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues. Tues., Tues., Tues., Tues.
Sept. 14, , Sept. 14, Sept. 14, Sept. 15, Sept. 16, Sept. 16, Sept. 16. Sept. 16, Sept. 16, Sept. 16, Sept. 16. Sept. 16, Sept. 16, . Sept. 15, Sept. 16, Sept. 16, Sept. 16, , Sept. 16,
8:00- 3:30 P. M. 8:30- 4:00 P.M. 4:00- 4:30 P. M. 8:00- 8:80 A.M. 8:80- 9:00 A.M. 9:00- 9:80 A.M. 9:80-10 too A. M. 10:00-10:30 A. M. 10:80-11:00 A. M. 11:00-ll :30 A. M. 11:80-12:00 A.M. 1 ;00- 1 ;80 P. M. 1:30- 2:00 P.M. 2:00- 2:30 P. M. 2:80- 8:00.P. M. 3:00- 3:80 P. M. 8:30- 4:00 P. M. 4:00- 4:30 P.M.
III. Old students on probation register according to the first letters of their surnames, as follows: A-E Wed., Sept. 16, 8:00- 8:30 A. M. F-K Wed , Sept 16, 8 -30- 9:00 A. M L-R Wed., Sept. 16, 9:00- 9:30 A. M. S-Z Wed , Sept. 16, 9:30-10:00 A. M.
PURDUE EXPONENT, 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana. Dear Sirs: Please enter my subscription for the school year 19361937. I am enclosing $2.69 by carrier. $3.60 by mail.
(Please Print Plainly in Pencil)
Prof. Babcock Convalesces Prof, and Mrs. R. W. Babcock are convalescing at their home from severe injuries suffered in an automobile accident this summer. Prof. Babcock is an instructor of Shapkespearian literature at the University. The Babcocks had nearly reached their vacationing point, a few miles north of Columbus, Wisconsin, when the accident occurred on an un-
marked, curve at the tdp of a hill. Both were seriously injjured. They were discharged from the hospital about three e^eks ago, after four months of treatment. It is not yet known when 'Prof. Babcock will resume his duties
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. BISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
FRESHMAN REVISED SCHEDULE IV. New undergraduate and special students register according to their numbers in the Orientation Period as follows: 8:00 A. M., Tues., Sept. 15, Nos. 1-16 and 401-480, Wed., Sept. 16, Nos. 211-225 and 1621-1590. 8:30 A. M., Tues., Sept. 16, Nos. 16-30 and 481-660; Wed., Sept. 16, Nos. 226-240 and 1591-1660. 9.00 A. M., Tues., Sept. 16, Nos. 31-46 and 661-640, Wed , Sept 16, Nos. 241-266 and 1661-1730 9:30 A. M., Tues , Sept 16, Nos 46-60 and 641-720, Wed., Sept 16, Nos. 266-270 and 1731-1800., 10:00 /A M , Tues., Sept. 16, Nos. 61-75 and 721-800; Wed , Sept 16, Nos 271-286 and 1801-1870 10:30 A M., Tues , Sept. 16, Nos 76-90 and 801-880; Wed., Sept. 16, Nos 286-300 and 1871-1940 11:00 A. M., Tues , Sept. 16, Nos 91-105 and 881-960; Wed, Sept 16, J^os 301-316 and 1941-2010. 1:00 P. M., Tues., Sept 16, Nos. 106-120 and 961-1040; Wed., Sept. 16, Nos 316-330 and 2011-2080. 1:30 P. M, Tues , Sept. 16, Nos 121-135 and 1041-1120; Wed., Sept. 16, Nos 331-345 and 2081-2160. 2:00 P. M., Tues , Sept. 16, Nos. 136-160 and 1121-1200; Wed., Sept. 16, Nos. 346-360 and 2161-2220. 2:30 P. M., Tues., Sept. 16, Nos. 161-165 and 1201-1280; Wed., Sept 16, Nos. 361-400 and 2221-2290. 3:00 P. M., Tues., Sept. 16, Nos. 166-180 and 1281-1360; Wed., Sept. 16, Nos. 400.01400.99 and 2291-2369. 3:30 P. M., Tues., Sept. 16, Nos. 181-195 and 1361-1440; Wed., Sent. 16, Nos. 2870end. 4:00 P. M., Tues., Sept. 16, Nos. 196-210 and 1441-1620.
V. Graduate students register according to the first letters of their surnames, as follows:
A-Bl Bo-Ch Cl-D E-Gi Gl-He Hi-J K-L M-N-P R-Sh Si-Sz T-V W-Z
Mon., Mon., Mon., Mon., Mon., Mon., Mon., Tues., Tues,, Tues., Tues., Tims., Tues.,
Sept. 14, Sept. 14, Sept. 14, Sept. 14, Sept. 14, Sept. 14, Sept. 14, Sept. 15, Sept. 16, Sept. 16. Sept. 16. Sept. 16, Sept. 16,
8:00- 9 9:00-10 10:00-ll 11:0e-12 1:00- 2 2:00- 3 8:00- 4 8:00- 9 9;00-10
10:00-11:
11;00-12 1;00- 2 2:00- 3
:00 A. M. :00 A. M. :00 A.M. -.00 A. M. ;00 P. M. :00 P. M. :00 P. M. :00 A. M. :00 A. M. :00 A.M. :00 A. M. ;00 P. M. ;00 P. M.
Printing! Good Quality- Pronp! IStnlce- Lowefi Prices We Meet... and Beat.. . All Competition Kane’s Print Shop Dial 5205 401 S. 29th St. Lafayette
College Footwear in all the new leathers The VARSITY Boot Shop West Lafayette, Indiana
Serving Hours-
310 MAIN ST. -12 M.-3 P. M.—5 P. M.-8 P. M.
35c—SPECIAL FRIED CHICKEN PINNERFOR SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13 With Fluffy Whipped Potatoes or Candied Sweet Potatoes Creamed Peas or Scalloped Corn Molded Pear and Ginger Ale Salad Parker House Rolls and Drink
-35c
PURDUE COFFEE SHOP We have the same good food that we had last year at the same low prices. We are better equipped to serve you in our NEW LOCATION Start Eating With Us Today OPEN AT NIGHT 119 Vine St.
Welcome Freshmen f Are your clothes in need of cleaning or pressing? Grown Iundry Pine Cleaners of Fine Clothes
SENIORS for CORDS SPARRRNDAHL Individual measurement ^umients of highest quality and workmanship.
Phene 6030 bBnUBHSSBaSBBBBBSi
507 Main
JOHN SPERB HARDWARE, PAINT AND GLASS 822-824 Main Street, Lafayette, Indiana Tkese New lohnson Products Protect and Beautify Your Floors ... at Minimum Cost TRAFFIC WAX (Liquid or Paste) This new product, Traffic Wax, is a genuine wax made as nearly perfect as possible for hard service on large floor areas. We believe it is the most economical, long-wearing product ever developed to provide maximum protection and maximum beauty for floors. Traffic Wax comes In liquid and paste forms. New scale of prices makes genuine wax maintenance more economical than ever.
1 gal. cans $2.25 per gal. 1 gal. cans (6 gal. lots) 2.00 per gal. 5 gali cans ^ 1.75 per gal.
Special Discount to Fraternities and Sororities I
POOL AND BILLIARDS Free Game Coupon Clip this ad Come down and play one game of pool or billiards and receive a game of Rotation FREE. We have tables covered with the new purple (eye rest) cloth. We have the only SNOOKER table in the city LESTER'S BILLIARD HALL
312 State St.
In Basement Across from P. O.
Special! $1 Weekly
Buys This ROYAL Portable $33.50 (with carrying case)
A brand new Royal Portable at this special price. Standard Royal Keyboard—standard Royal Pica Type—single and double spacing. An exceptional value. Come in—see and try it— TODAY. Full Allowance for Your Old Typewriter in Exdiaiige DECKER’S
Phone 6477
518-520 Main Street
Lafayette
After The Dance Come out to
RUDY'S HALF MILE NORTH OF PURDUE State Read 52 West Lafayette a -c’ams
v',t
'““ " ' .,“'■* ‘.SiSi-S r ..,f. ' V f \'' '■' ,< > ' '
fill"
/
.lj.tMVJ-JU';#JJt8W-Jt-'‘;i''-‘t-l 11)MIJJII|-I«
rjt*"
-I'l !‘f iVl' •? >!'.■
Saturday> S^ptembet jg, 1^36
THE PtJRBUB EXPOJIJEINT
Glamorous Joan Crawford and filmdom’s most talked-about new leading man, Robert Taylor, form the thrilling romantic team of “The Gorgeous Hussy,” starting Sunday at the Mars. Their love scenes will be something you’ll remember for days to come!
Five distinguished actors of peculiarly contrasting characteristics, four of them as lovers, were required to impersonate the men who figured in the life of glamorous Peggy O’Neal in “The Gorgeous Hussy,” which opens an engagement of four days at the Mars Theatre, Sunday. Joan Crawford, in the title role of this historical romance from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, portrays the lovely daughter of a Washington tavern keeper during the administration of President Andrew Jackson. Shields Her Jackson himself, shielded her from the savage attacks of Washington society. John Eaton, Secretary of War, eventually married her, but her first love was for “Bow” Timberlake, the gay young naval officer who married her and sailed away to be killed. John Randolph, of Virginia, loved her from childhood, but lost her. A newspaper man was her friend and loyal aide. President Jaclcson is impersonated by Lionel Barrymore, the veteran star whose engaging personality has captured millions through the years of his brilliant career. Spectacular Star J Robert Taylor, Hollywoo^fs most spectacular young star of the currefit era, plays the part of Timberlake, the dashing seaman who made swift love to Peggy O’Neal and swept her off her feet. Franchot Tone portrays Eat^, the suave Secretary of War, who married the little spitfire and was sent away as Ambassador to Spain when Washington revolted against her.
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7tli Phone 6050
JOHN SPERB
Hardware, Paint and Glass
822-824 Main Street LAFAYETE, INDIANA
FreshmenFlriit
Impressions Count Most
STEVE’S
for Furdue Men 215 Vine St,
Melvyn Douglas portrays the tragic senator from Virginia, John Randolph, who loved the girl more deeply thart all the others, yet lost her whpn he remained true to -his own ideals. James Stewart appears as the Capitol Hill newspaper man, ifi love with Peggy O’bfeal himself, but remaining a constant friend long after he knew thej futility of his emotion. Four Leading Men “The Gorgeous Hussy” is the first picture to provide a reigning star with four romantic leading men. As the tavern-keeper’s daughter. Miss Crawfo!rd makes good use of all of them.
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
WBAA Plans Innovations
New, Interesting Programs Be Broadcast This Year
Several new and interesting programs will go on the aifi over WBAA beginning Sept. 21, when the permanent schedule goes into effect. The Hoosier Town Hall, bearing the stamp of approval of the Federal Office of Education, will be broadcast every Thursday from 11 to 11:50 a. m. Special Broadcasts The number of special broadcasts for Arsenal Technical Schools of Indianapolis, which are received directly in the classrooms of the high schools has been increased from eight to ten. “ An item that should interest pigskin fans is that arrangements have been made to broadcast the three home games this year with Ohio, Wisconsin, and Indiana. For the first time over WBAA, a series of broadcasts designed for reception in Lafayette grade schools will be heard. The programs are of three types: “Story Time,” a series of tales for children, designed for the first, second, and third grades; “Great Inventors,” a program for the fourth, fifth, and sixth grades; and “Geography in the News,” also for the fourth, fifth, and sixth grades. There will also be a weffidy broadcast by Jefferson High School from their studio in the high school building every Wednesday at 3:30 p. m. Added to this will come once weekly a Lafayette city schools broadcast, featuring a different grade school each week.
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-W erkhoffi ^Company Phone 3882
You Are Always Welcome At TOM’S
301 University, Across from Armory ^ We Serve Delicious Meals—Nothing But the Best We Manufacture Our Own Ice Cream, Double Dip Cones 5c—-Look for the Pure Food Name TOM'S
WELCOME STUDENTS
TO
PURDUE AND DECKER'S BOOK STORE
Come over and let’s get acquainted—Lookers are always welcome.
YELLOW REAM PAPER 81/^x11—500 Sheets 35c—2 for 60c
STUDY LAMPS 98c Up
Approved Drawing Instruments and All Drawing . Supplies at REAL SAVINGS
EYE-EASE RING BOOK SHEETS 15c Pkg.
RING BOOKS 65c Up
TENNIS RACKETS SPAUJING 25% Off Regular Prices
FIBRE LAUNDRY CASES $2.50
PARKER Pencils SHEAFFER EVERSHARP Fountain Pens and
DESKSii-TABLES CHAIRS—FILES
“SHOP AT DECKER’S AND SAVE”
DECKER'S
519-20 Main Street
Phone 6477
Utliversity Giradg Get County Appointments
Xffiss Leila R. Gaddis, state leader of home economics extension, announced the appointment of three new home demonstration agents who assumed duties in the state September 1. Two of the new appointees are tJniversity graduates. Miss Mary Davidson, H. E. ’34, is employed in Warrick county, while Miss Lucille McClain, H. E- '31, will serve as agent in Clay county. Miss Marjorie Spencer, a 1929 graduate of Indiana University, is the new agent in Shelby county.
Drama Season To Open OcL 8
Playshop Selects Four Productions For Year
Playshop announced yesterday its choice of plays for the coming season, which will open on Dad’s Day, Oct. 8, with the popular “Ladies of the Jury.” Three of the plays this year will be presented in Duncan Hall in Lafayette, and the fourth in Jefferson High School Auditorium. The plays will be directed by H. Kenn Carmichael and Gilbert D. Williams, who staged Playshop productions last season. Carmichael has been active in the dramatic groups of Purdue for several years, while Mr. Williams came in last year from Beaumont, Texas, where he was the director of the Little Theatre. Both men have been asso-
THE STEP-INN
714 Horthwestern W. Lafayette, Ind. Good Sandwiches Ice Cold Drinks Ice Cream Candy & Tobaccos Fountain Service The Best Coffee in the City
dated with the Univeiylty Theatre in Wisconsin University. The other three plays schedtiled for the year are: “The Hairy Ape,” written by Eugene O'Neill; “Both Your Houses,” by Maxwell Anderson, and “Martine,” by Jean-Jacques-Bemard. Due to the limited seating capacity of Duncan Hall, it will be neces-
sary to offer season fickebi for sale. These tickets Will probably be tainable in the Mduoriat IJitiotr Building some time next week.
SUBSCRIBE EARLY ROR THE» EXPONENT. $2.50 PER YEAR BY CARRIER; BY MAIL ANYWHERE IN THE UNITED STATES.
WELCOME BACK TO OLD PURDlJE
RICHARD J. BATH, Jeweler'
EAGLE
For Best Studying Efficiency One Must Be Comfortable
See Our Large Stock Of EASY CHAIRS STUDY LAMPS END TABLES BOOK RACKS HASSOCKS We Carry All Types of Furniture
EAGLE FURNITUREICO. Phone 2728 425 Columbia
. ‘'''ill
‘'■iS' >,1l' I
?ll J
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
ii '• iJtx'.
ki’-'y
W4 pg
■'!'& ■
'’■f . '
ScjHolarship
am
Ghi Omega High With 4.31 Average
According to data published in the fraternity scholarship record for last semester, Triangle fraternity again led the social organizations of the campus with a point index of 4.73. Sigma Alpha Mu, with an average of 4.47, was second, and Alpha Kappa Lambda was third with 4.37. Among the social sororities, Chi Omega was high with a mark of 4.31; while Kappa Kappa Gamma and Pi Beta Phi followed with marks of 4.25 and 4.23, respectively. Sorority women have the highest rank of any general group on the campus with 4.18. All women averaged 4,04, with fraternity men scoring 3.84, and all men scoring 3.77. Non-sorority women ranked ‘with a 3,98, and non-fraternity men polled 3.77, The all student average was 3.82. Departmental and honorary groups were ^^d by Delta Rho Kappa, science honorary, which had an average of 5.53. Tau Beta Pi was second with 5.35. Cary Hall East had an average of 3.69, Cary Hall North had 3.76, and the Union Club had 3.81. The - Women’s Residence Hall’s average was 3.82. The list of fraternity and sorority averages follows: Tx-iangle, 4.73; Sigma Alpha Mu, 4.47; Alpha Kappa Lambda, 4.37; Tau Epsilon Phi, 4.21; Acacia, 4.16; Pii'athon, 4.09; Phi Sigma Kappa, 4.08; Beta Sigma Psi, 4.07; Alpha Gamma Rho, 4.05; Phi Gamma Delta, 4.03.
Monroe McCown Rejoins University Hort Staff
Monroe McCown recently completed his residence work for his doctor of philosophy* degree at Ohio State University and has resumed his duties here as a hfiember of the University horticulture staff. McCown, who was graduated from Ohio State in ’23 and obtained his master’s degree here in ’28, has been on a year’s leave of absence.
Independent Paper Grows
with ,special attention being shown to freshmen applicants. Elections for staff members for succeeding years will be conducted as much as possible on a,merit basis. , Beginning with the next issue* the Independent will be printed biweekly with slight variations in schedule necessitated by University holidays, and will be distributed on Monday morning. A substantial increase in circulation over previous years is also being effected.
Add Five Officers To Military Staff
Organization And Circulation Increased
In harmony with the steady growth in the size and functions of the Purdue Independent Association, the 1936-37 leadership of the Independent has arranged for a more complete coverage of activities of the organization, as well as of the entire University, and for contact with a greater number of readers. The primary step toward this aim was the placing of the work of issuing the paper under distinct staffs and the selection of more students for work in each department. The staff organization listed in the current issue of the Independent will serve for the coming year with the exception of minor changes. Any student at the University may report for work on the paper
With the transfer of five com^missioned officers to other stations at the end of the last school year, five new officers were transferred to the University military staff. They are: Major Russ B. Warren, from the Organized Reserve at Pittsburgh; Major Guy 0. Kurtz and
and Theta Chi, 3.27. Chi Omega, 4.31; Kappa Kappa Gamma, 4.25; Pi Beta Phi, 4.23; Alpha Xi Delta, 4.10; and Alpha Chi Omega, 3.85.
Phi Kappa Tau, 4.00; .Theta Xi, 3.98; Delta Tau Delta, 3.92; Kappa Sigma, 3.90; Pi Kappa Alpha, 3.89; Delta Chi, 3.89; Delta Upsilon, 3.82; Phi Kappa Psi, 3.82; Alpha Tau Omega, 3.81; Phi Kappa Sigma, 3.81.
BUY A PAIR
— and you too will become a booster for
Sigma Phi Epsilon, 3.80; Kappa Delta Rho, 3.79; Phi Pi Phi, 3.78; American Commons Club, 3.77; Sigma Alpha Epsilon, 3.75; Lambda Chi Alpha, 3,71; Pi Kappa Phi, 3.70; Tau Kappa Upsilon, 3.69; Beta Theta Pi, 3.65. Delta Sigma Lambda, 3.63; Theta Tau, 3.62; Sigma Chi, 3.60;-Phi Delta Theta, 3.60; Sigma Nu, S-.bO; Phi Kappa, 3.52; Sigma Phi, 3.38;
FREEMAN SHOES Style ... Quality ...Comfort... skillfuUt blended.
Ice Cream Waffles Mrs. Ebershoff’s Lunch Room
All Kinds of Sandwiches Short Orders Regular Meals 332 Northwestern Ave. W. Lafayette
Capt. Stuart A, Beckley, graduates from the Command and General
Staff School at Port Leavenworth,
Kan.; Capt. John L. Graves, from duty wdth troops at Fort Bragg, N. C., and Capt. Percy W. Thompson, University graduate of '25, reporting from duty at Port Benning, GaThese five replace Majors Maris and Mays, and Captains Balmer, Buckley and Duell. Lieut. E. J. Murphy was promoted to the rank of captain. Among the enlisted men: Staff Sergeant George Bowman was promoted to technical sergeant, Sergeant Charles Tanco to staff sergeant, and Privates Claude Elliott and Henry Hill to sergeants.
Wesley Foundation To Start Vesper Services
Wesley Foundation, Methodist student organization, will start re-
Worii with by Million*
frlrfa
A B C Shoe G>.
412
Main St.
PQPCORN-CANDY
The best and freshest in town. Our customers say so, and, of course, we want to believe them. Instant service.
DAD'S PLACE
352 State St.
WELCOME STUDENTS
We can’t help you with your studies but we can help you to be properly dressed at prices you want to pay.
A Complete New Stock For You To Select From.
CLOTHES SHOP, ING. SaO Main St.
I- '
Play Golf at the
PUBLIC GOLF COURSE
On Northwestern Ave., Mile North of the Stadium Students, Faculty and Pujrdue Employees can procure coupons at SPECIAL RjAtES at the Gym or at the Memorial Union. STOP AND SOCK
At Our New floodlighted Night Practice Range
ligibus . services, Sept* 21. Vesper services will be conducted Tuesday afternoons at 4:16 in the Pouudatibn House, 436 State St. These meetings present both a speaker and a discussion group. The subject for this month is “brbma." Two faculty members and authorities oh the subject, Ken Carmichael and Prof. P. E. Lull, will speak. Posters will be placed on campus bulletin boards giving definite details.
Ag Instructor Gets Job At Michigan State
H. B. Taylor, connected for the past year with the farm management department at the University, has joined the farm management department at Michigan State College,
East Lahsih^, Mibhi Tajdor started his ppsitioit as research worker pli September'. 1-
Bean Chooses Home Ec Graduate As Secretary Miss Virginia Griffin, Spicelandr H. E. ’36, was recently appointed to serve as secretary to Dean Dprpthy C, Stratton. Miss Griffin, WhP is a member of Alpha Chi Omega, aS-' sumed her new position ph the firsl of September. After graddatipn from the Uhi^ yersity. Miss Griffin took a special course in secretarial work in Chicago. She succeeded Miss Adriahna Mulherin, a 1930 graduate* yrho resigned to accept a position in Gihr cinnati.
Learn to Dance Correctly
ADULT BALLROOM GLASSES OPEN
BEGINNER’S Wed., Sept. 23, 7 :30 P. M.
ADVANGED Friday, Sept. 25, 7:30 P. M.
Our entire school has been re-deco-I’ated. Color scheme in ballroom blue and silver, A new and larger stage has been added with theatrical lighting effects, also a blue velvet close-in curtain.
BEAUTY STUDIO
WELCOMES
CO-EDS
■ Fresitman girls—Kienly's Beauty Studio is ready for your needs. Nothing is so important^for a girl as her appearaneev Let us help. , ' We offer our regular 75c scalp treatment, shampoo and finger waye for 50c—-also a Big Free Surprise! t. Thursday and Friday are . CO-ED DAYS
Phone 7727
662 Main
Hall Rented to Private Clubs Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
6 th &
Get Your
TIME TO GO TO
at KRESGE'S
HUTTON'S CAFE
150 WATT FLOOR MODEL
This is the nationally advtrtistd ^ lamp that gives perfect lighting through proper distribution of light and climinatienof glare. Eachlamp carries the officially authorized certification tag.
Friends, you don’t know what a good meal is until youVe been to HUT-
TON’S CAFE“it’s one little restau-
rant that’s got them all beat. It’s never
Better Sight TABLE LAMP An I. E. S. lamp that gives a glareless restfiil light forstudying or reading. Both direct K Zal flections from ^ the single bulb give a soft -elFect that protacts the ayes.
gotten the gong on a single dinner-— and everybody is chanting its praises.
Come to HUTTON’S for breakfast,
lunch, and dinner!I
f ”1. f. S," itand$ hr tho lllumlnaHng Bnginnring Sothly whith li tompOudof proh$‘ $ipnalm*nwhodn9hp$d lhM''ld*at'‘hmp$d»tign»d to glvdptfMlUvmfnofhn.
Corner of 3rcl and Columbia
HUTTON'S CAFE 410 Ferry l,ciFayette7, “
/
%
4
Satttyday, Sept^bey Ig,, 1086
THE PURPUE EXPONENT
September National (reographie Article Tells Of Visit To Purdue
’ By SaUy McKee “Here at West Lafayette is Purdue l^niveraiiy. “Have you lunched lately with a horde of hungry college hoys and g;irls ? That was interesting, in Purdhe’s big cafeteria. All were laughing, (Ottering over plans and dates, iskylarldng and making current ^grisecracks’ with youth's audacity and apparent disregard for the nation's problems that now keep their elders awake." Thus does Mr. Frederick Simpich in his article “Indiana Journey,” ptiblished in the September ijBsue of the National Geograph
Frank M. Cary Dies July 7 Cerebral Hemorrhage Causes Citizen’s Death
Prank M. Cary, Lafayette citizen who donated funds for the construction of the Cary halls, died July 7, after two cerebral hemorrhage attacks. Mr. Cary, who Was born in Detroit, Mich., in 1858, dedicated the dormitories and a scout camp south of the city to his son Franklin Levering Cary.
Army Chooses Six University Men
Six University men, four of whom have graduated, were recently chosen by the War Department to report for training as second lieutenants in the field artillery branch of the regular army Five of the men are expected to report to Fort Bliss, Tex , "jyhile the other, Davis W Silvey, Indianapolis, has elected to continue his work in the University. The five men who will probably report are Martin P. Cornelius, Dak Park, 111., William N Engels, Evanston, 111 ; Carl J Martin, James H. Marstellar and Bruce E Moore, all of West Lafayette.
Vesper Service Tomorrow At Four
Vesper services sponsored by the Y W.C. A. will be held Sunday afternoon at 3:30 o'clock in ^e faculty lounge. Pat Jones, president of the organization will lead pie services.
ClaWtfied Ads
Wanted—Model T Ford in good condition and reasonable. Phone Hensler, 3301.
For Sale—4 pair practically new army leggins—ea. 76c. Tuxedo suits —small radio $6— 6 shelf open book case $3—desk chairs, ea. $2 & $3. Moore’s Colonial Mkt., 220 N. 5th.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebersholf, 605 Mam St. Phone 2779,
NOTICES
Gimlet Club—Meet in Union this morning at 9 —HODGDDN.
HILD’S BARBER SHOP FOR GOOD SERVICE ^ Four Barbers 303 State West Lafayette
DRYFUS is still serving the people of West Lafayette with better meats.
Phone 2750
DRYFUS MARKET CO.
ic, mention Purdue. Accompanying the story are two color plates of scenes on the campus. With three co-eds as onlookers and “Spots" Emrick looking stendy forward, four khaki clad Ijandsters tug and push the big Purdue drum behind the magnificent drum major. Under this picture, taken in front of Fowler Hall, is the caption “Purdue Boys Beat the Big Drum While Drum Major Struts Before Co-eds” with the explanation “The University's band of 125 pieces pioneered in the practice, now common in many colleges, of spelling out names by shifting formations." The second picture features Edith Gregory and Kathryn Carden and bunches of zinnias. The caption reads, “With the Clear, Candid Eyes of Youth Purdue Co-eds Smile in the Lucky Lens.” Under this is printed, “In 1981 Indiana chose the Zinnia as its ofiicial state flower. Here are some of many varieties grown at West Lafayette by Purdue University, notable for its farm experimental work as well as its signal achievements in fields of engineering instruction.” Another and extremely fine picture is one of our most distinguished alumni, George Ade. The picture of Mr. Ade at his desk with his Boston temer beside him is taken at his Hazelden farm near Brook.
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist
119 Yz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Two New Sorority Houses Near Completion
(Continued from page 1)
in the colonial style of architecture, IS of brick. The living room, furnished in eighteenth century style, has ivory woodwork. The rest of the house carries out the colonial style. New Furniture
Furniture in the dining room as well as in the study rooms is maple. Long French windows look out toward the north from the dining room. Venetian blinds, with long draperies, finish the windows downstairs. Either this fall or next spring a porch is to be built off the living room. At this end of this room is a fireplace. When the porch is completed there is to be a fireplace backed to the one in the living room. In the basement is a recreation room. Made of Rostone, the Kappa house IS in the formal French style, with emphasis on angles. Built m the corner of the large living room is an unusual semi-cireUlar fireplace.
MOORE'S Colonial Market
220 N. FIFTH ST.
L.fayette'. Vanety Store
Books, lOO’s of them, priced from 5c np Bade number magazines, Ic to 3c each Bookcases, straight chairs, desks, radios, tuxedo suits variety of merchandise One of largest Collections of antique furniture, glass, etc-, in Indiana Things that make nice gifts You are welcome to come la and browse around
HATS THAT WILL GIVE YOU A NEW PERSONALITY
Hosiery Lingerie
EATON SISTERS
Hankies Cards
Always Welcome at GIVER'S 0. K. BARBER SHOP FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP "Service Is Our Motto" Opposite Graves Bakery
Welcome Back to Old Purdue
THE HIGH SPOTS
THE TRIPLE XXX 113 Vine St State and Littleton Sts,
Root Beer and That Good Chop Steak 10c
BERT
The Only Exclusive Old Book Shop in Lafayette That Book You Want; Probably We Have It;
If SO, it will cost you Much Less than a New Book!
Come in and Look over our Large StockMore than Five Thousand Volumes
—Many as New,
Old Books and Magtfzines Wanted: We buy for Caah, or Trade New Books or Magazines for your old ones.
SPECIAL; Large stock National (geographies in Complete Years or Odd Numbers. Also more than Five Hundred Text and Rrfetence Bocks.
Open Evenings and Sundays
1005 Mam Street
Ye Olde Book Shoppe
The Pioneer in Books Exclusively
Lafayette
e&ISJSSr
Vf' i L V
Just bade of it<is a den, paneled in natural wood, which is to be the Dean Carolyn Shoemaker room. Dean Shoemaker, dean of women here for many years, was a member of the sorority; her portrait will hang in this room. “Bum” Room The dining room, with walls and ceiling of blue, has long French windows. In the basement ate the chapter room and a “bum” room, the latter having a comer fireplace just under that m the living room. (5n the third floor are a large and a small dorm and two study rooms. The entire house is equipped with Venetian blinds, these helding to carry dut the “square cornered” idea dominating the house. Across the street at the Chi Omega house the smoking room has been
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
Years in the Business
DUNCAN-LARSON, INC.
Phone 4450
1622 East Main
UIHEPE
Where can yon hoy for 80 Utde the a telephone gives?
Tfie tpltphnnn makas it any tor firieads ta Reap in toneh with jom • oe It brings belp in ease of Ore, slekness, emergency • • • it runs errands, aaves time and tronblo.
It Is a neeessi^ sometimaa o»a eonvenienea alwaja.
A telephone in your homo costa Uttio,
Indiana Associated Telepkoae Corporation
moved item the fidrd ikm td Om basement. Venetiaii blinds have been instaOe^ in the reeeption room and in the living room to finish the first floor. Out on RnsseU street at the Alpha Xi Delta house a recreation xosmis being made in the basement. The first floor has been redecorated and refurflished under the directfen of Miss Blanche Zaring, of the home
eceneosica adkdtdL TheFetodhflsUmce has also been refbntfshedw On UtHetott street at ^ Thrtia houm r^pering has been dme anid new carpets have been laid on the upper halls and stairways. Special redecMratiag has been done hi tba honsenioUierV rooms. Tim H FM*b across the stMUt w9I eater their hease Iqr awar .ontaide stairs.
Welcome Co-Edsr
TO THE
A
ew
I
7
A new ladies' apparel specialty shop for you—and located In the village. G>-eds who want smart Clothes and Accessories will find them here In a popular price range.
Louise Shop
314 State Street
West Lafayette
y
Buy where you see this sign
an EXPONENT ADVERTISER
says
and greetings
The merchant displaying this
sign is known by your daily
University newspaper,
His merchandise or seivice
has been found reliable.
VO
15f t J ^^4
-k
It
T s'*
w
»fTA
i—
/
THE EXPONENT
September Ig, 1936
1
\
f'"* !
% /i t‘ ‘ H'
SOUTHWORTH’S
WELCOME YOU TO
ENGINEERING
Dietzgen Approved Drawing Sets, beautful sturdy case. List Price $17.50. Special..$12.50 Drawing Boards $1.50 T-Square, celluloid edge, large head $1.25 Field Books for Surveyors 25c K&E LogLog Trig, DeciTrig Slide Rules .....$10.50
FREE!
Name on Your Slide Rule 1
m m
Tennis Rackets Golf Clubs Tennis Balls 25c up Adult Games Easy Money Badminton $1.00 to $4.00 Playing Cards 25c up COMBINATION LOCKS ^ 65c, 89c, $1.00
Sporting Goods
S C H O O L
T
4 i U
V... n. w w J.I
Supplies
Yellow Peril, 500 sheets of yellow scratch paper 27c Typing Paper, 500 sheets (white) 49c Form B 30c 5 Pads Form B $1.30 Loose Leaf Note Books 8Dc up LAMPS I. E. S. Lamps $2.95 and $3.95 Study Lamps 89c Maple Nautical Lamp $1.25 STATIONERY Purdue Special 25c Stationery, 100 sheets, 50 envelopes 59c Fine Quality in Vellum Ripple Linen Finish HOSIERY SALE $1,15 Special $1.00 $1.00 Special 89c 79c Special 69c
BIOLOGY
Approved Bisecting Set $1.50 Contains all necessary instruments and a handly ruler m a sturdy Kood-looking case
Cover Slips and Slides 15c Biology Form 2 Pad 40c Tripod Magnifier 75c
All supplies necessary for Applied Design 51 and 52, Practical Mechanics 5, 6, 7, 8, 13, 14, 15, 17 and 18.
LAB SUPPLIES
Chemistry Aprons 69c and 79c
HUNDREDS OF SPECIALS NOT LISTED
\J
FRESHMEN-STOP IJV FOR YOUR GIFT