/ / / y
' K
I*
Your Cheers'Needed—To BEAT INDIANA!
iveters Face IU In 43rd
University Welcomes Dads, Mothers
t'
4500 Cheering Riveters
Clash
Dad's Day Registration Begins This Morning; Game Will Highlight Day TODAY’S PROGRAM ' Free Registration: 8:00 a. ni.-12:30 p. m., Great Hall, Memorial Union. 10:30 a. m.—^All-Star Field Hockey Game, Golds vs. Blacks, Women’s
Athletic Field.
Luncheon for Purdue Dads, Mothers, Sons and Daughters, 11:45 a. m.. South Ballroom, Memorial Union Building. Music by Glee Club. Purdue vs. Indiana: 1:30 p. m. Football Game, Ross-Ade Stadium. Dad’s Sjmoker: 7:30 p. m. North Ballroom, Memorial Union Building. Zouave Exhibition. Dad’s Day Mixer: 9 p. m., Ballroom?, Memorial Cnion Building. Coupled with the week-end of the Indiana game comes the Uhiversity’s Dad’s Day, which opened last night at 6:30 o’clopk when the Purdue Dads’ and Mothers’ Council banqueted in the East Faculty Lounge of the UTnion. Mother and Dad, njocking son and daughter, then swung out with Bernie Cummins and his orchestra at last night’s mixer in both ballrooms of the Union from 9 until 12 o’clock.
Register In Union This* morning free registration begins at 8 o’clock and continues^ until 12:30 o’clock this afternoon in the great hall of the Union. While parents, visitors and Pdr-due-Indiana football game fans drift in_ during the morning. Dads and Mothers who arrived and registered early will view the all-star field hockey game. Golds versus Blacks, on the Women’s Athletic Field at 10:30 o’clock. Luncheon for Purdue dads, mothers, sons and daughters will start at 11:46 o’clock this morning in thfe squth ballroom of the Union. The University Glee Club, under the direction »of Albert P. Stewart, will sing during the luncheon., and P. F. Royster, president of the Purdue Dads’ and Mothers’ Council, will make a brief address. Tickets are now on sale throughout the Union, with sales centered at the west desk for 66 cents. Game Time—1;30 The big spot in the program is the Purdue-Indiana game opening at 1:30 o’clock this afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium. Scheduled programs for Dad and Mother cease then until 7:30 o’clock tdnight when the Dad’s Smoker opens in both ballrooms of the Union. Dads will be entertained by Bill Martin and his orchestra, the Mel(Continued on page 2)
Indiana Cattlemen Convene On Campus Over 800 cattlemen from all parts df Indiana attended the annual fall meeting of the Indiana Cattle Feeders’ Association on the campus yesterday. They inspected the herd of steers recently acquired by the University Agricultural Experiment Station for feeding tests. The cattle feeders also heard talks from the following members of the University faculty; Dr. E. C. Young, Dean Emeritus J. H. Skinner, and P. T. Brown. ' Max Markley of Wells county, a 1921 alumnus, was elected president of the Indiana Cattle Feeders’ Association, succeeding Paul Morton of Lebanon. Markley served during the past year as vice-presi-dent, to which position Calvin Thornburg of Greensburg was elected. Prof. Frank King, head of the University animal husbandry department, was re-elected secretarytreasurer. j.d.s.
375 Couples
. danced to the music of Bernie Cummins and his orchestra at last night’s pre-game mixer.
Oaken Bucket Goes On Block In Ross-Ade Stadium, 1:30 P M
By R. S. Kolb A bit of brass and a trifling amount of oak, a minimum of gold plate, and a lot of that mysterious stuff called tradition goes on the block today for the sixteenthTtime. This material, assembled irt the general shape of a bucket, ^ill be fought for by twenty-two^ men, but for two widely divergent reasons. Eleven will be fighting for their fir4t sight of the bucket in four years, while the other eleven will be fighting to protect that bucket from a fate worse than death, six months or a year in Well’s Girls’ School. Ten Times Purdue In the fifteen times that it has been on the block, Purdue has been able to put the most on the line for ten times, Indiana hps been able to top the Gold and Blank’s best offer only three times, and the other two times neither team could outbid the other. Each year a P, I, or IP, as the case may be, engraved with the price, has been added to the chain of numerals hanging from the handle of the bucket in order to identify the highest bidder for that year.
Barnes, Martin Will Play At Gala Mixer; Glee Club Will Sing Two bands. Bob Barnes’ lU campus band and Bill Martin’s local campus band, will play for tonight’s mixer from 9 to 12 o’clock in both
Union ballrboms.
In addition to the bands, the Glee Club, under the direction of A1 Stewart, will sing in place of the usual intermission, according to Un-
The bucket has lead an'^eventful life since it came from its southern Indiana home in 1925 to become a loyal Bojlermaker (piost of the time). In that year the Chicago alumni of the tvm schools decided that the rivalry should be represented by something tangible. Accordingly Georgq Ade and Harry Kurrie representing Purdue and Indiana respectively selected the trophy after a long search. It was first awarded to the Gold and Black and Indiana jointly that fall after the game dedicating Indiana’s new stadium. , ^ Six Months Buried In 1930 a group of University students, took it oif the hands of a group of unsuspecting Indiana alumni in Indianapolis and it disappeared until it was found on the loading platform of the Lafayette Journal-Courier a few days later. Six, months after the 1931 gamethe bucket disappeared from its niche on the campus and remained missing until the next fall. A few days before the game it was accidentally found buried in the subbasement of tbe Indiana library.
Cremate *Miss Indiana’
s'*
Gathering in'front of the Union at 7:30 o’clock last evening, a cheering mob of 4,500 students marched and snake danced to Stuart field for the last pep session of the year. Leading the parade was Miss Indiana, removed from her place of honor in the Great Hall of the Union and carried in a pine coffin to her funeraj services by Gimlet pall bearers. _______________________________ Following the wreath - covered
casket came the Mascot, bearing President Elliott, Mai Elward and “an unidentified Indiana partisan rescued from the crowd by the Reamers. Next was the pep session band, led by a spectacularly lighted baton in the hands of Cadet Captain
M. H. Smith. Cortege Ends
Miss Indiana’s funeral procession halted at Stuart Field, where, after the singing by the massed stddents of the Boilermaker version of “Indiana” as a fitting dirge, she was tossed on the flaming pyre built by Skull and Crescent members and reduced to smouldering ashes. At this point a stewed Indianan leaped into the flames and seized Miss Indiana’s helmet, receiving several burns. As a mattef of fact, her helmet was not from Bloomington, but had come from the Boiler-
maker camp.
After the singing of “Hail Purdue,” Johnny Zuck, head yell leader, led the first of the evening’s jih^eers and then introduced Pres. Elliott. “Fight Of The Living” Commenting that while it* was fine to bury the dead, it -v^as “the fighting of the living that wins football games,” Elliott stated that the real test of the students would come after the game. “We must show that, win or lose, they are our coach and our team.” Elliott said that the bell on the mascot had been saying on the way to the session, “Ding, dong, dell— Miss Indiana . . .” When one student yelled out that he didn’t understand, he \^as promptly “put on probation” by the President. While watching the fire consume the coffin, Elliott explain^ that the, last Ipe of his poem went, “Miss Indiana bums quite well.” Elward Thanks Yell Staff Coach Mai Elward, the next speaker, thanked Bill Delmer, yell manager, for the support he and his staff had given the team all season, and told how much he and the team had appreciated the welcome they received at the station when they returned from the Minnesota game last week. He acknowledged that (Continued on page 7)
Annabelle Alexander
5
ion workers in charge of the mixer. Barnes Played Here Last Spring Barnes’ band, formerly known as Doc Thrasher’s, played here for mixers last spring. This year they have been playing regularly at the Commons, lU student hangout. Annabelle Alexander, Barnes’ vocalist, looks like Scarlet O’Hara, with more figure, according to word eceived from lU. (Propaganda, no loubt.) She is also supposed to be
able to sing.
Martin’s local band is well known as he has played for a mixer and several house dances this year. Price of admission will be the usual one dollar. e.g.k.
/ ,
Mortar Bo'ard Sells Yellow ^hrysanthemuins At Game Member^ of Mortar Board will sell large yellow crysanthemums for the game today. The sale will go on in the Union from 12 until 1:30 p. m. and at the entrance to the stadium before the game. The price will be 50 cents a p^ece. m.a.f.
FACULTY MEMBERS: The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, November 25, at 4 p. m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott, President.
Riveter Band lnTun& For Indiana Invasion At Ross-Ade Stadium Preparation for the “battle of the bands” which will take place this afternoon, along with the PurdueIndiana game, was concluded yes"terday afternoon at a short practice drill. The “marching hundred” of Indiana are coming early in order that they may hold a secret practice this morning at 9:30 on Jeff field. The Purdue baUd will present several new formations this afternoon, along with several whic'h they have already used. The first fermation will be a large lU. Then the band will spell out DAD. Finally, to the tune of “Hail Purd^^e,” they will form a giant block “P.” o.La.
Both Contingents Seek Third Victor^Of Season Riveter Squad Ready ForBlitzkrieg; Oaken BuckelAt Stake InAnnualTilt By JOE DOLAN, Exponent Sports Editor •This afternoon when the community’s sun dial reads 1:30, because nature will be the only dependable source of certainty on this campus today, the Universities of Purdue and Indiana will meet in Ross-Ade Stadium to officially start (and wind up) their football seasons. Also included in the two school’s repertoires will be a battle of music between the two best collegiate
bands in the country.
' Both elevens have participated in
seven similar contests in preparation for this afternoon’s battle, and both records show an almost exact facsimile, with the Boilennakers just the slight on the long end of
sporting odds.
Co-ed Houses Plan Dad's Day Dinners Plans have been made by the Residence Halls and sororities to entertain all the fathers attending
the Indiana game today.
Kappa Kappa Ganjma, Thaeles and also the Residence Halls will be hostesses at coffee hours immediately after the game. Hungry dads will find dinners prepared for them at'the various other houses. Delta Gamma and Phi Mu are giv-
ing buffet dinners.
Pledges have been busy working on a skit to be presented in the evening by the Alpha Chis. The Chi Omegas have worked hard on the “Chi O College of Campus Knowledge” which they are now ready to display before interested Chi 0 fa-
thers. m.1.1.
Fourth Term? / Purdue will be bucking the typically unintimidated opposition today at thirty past the hour of on^ and what’s worse, the Boilermakers will be attempting to go our recent national scramble just one better, for there arises an insidious “fourth term”’ because no Purdue team has ever beatbn the Hoosiers four times in a row. But on the other side there are the incipient traditions which favor the Riveter cause. For one thing, Mai Elward has not yet lost to Indiana while coaching from the throne. Similarly Gold and Black seniors Dave Rankin, Pete Timperman, John Petty, Ted Axton, Jack (Continued on page 2)
'Everything But Onions' Scores A Hit in Thanksgiving Night Presentation
By Erv McCullough Whemthey called that show “Everything but Onions” we were doubtful, but we discovered to our amazement that it was no exaggeration at all. Hbwever, if we were some people we know we’d be so mad at the authors that we’d call it “everything.” Anyhow, it was all in fun and here goes pn a review of the highlights for the benefit of those who went home'for their turkey dinners and thus missed the show. Opening Jolt The opening jolt, I mean scene, was a room in a fraternity house. One by one the “boys” dropped in and out while trying to get one of the brethren a date for the big dance. Slowly but surely they went through the list—^“Dollar-a Date” Peg Davis, Ann “Queenie”^ Ostrand--er, Jane “Bicycles Follow the White Line” Robinson, Nancy “Demon on Defense” Cooper and others.'^-But alas, they had no luck. So the boys started getting ready for the “belly-rub.” Everything went along smoothly rmtil a brother started taking a Sig shower. (Powdering the arm-pits, to you an4 us.) When the curtain for the second portion of the musicale went up, we found ourselves in a formal ballroom with Paul Reedy’s band playing good music. Then Chuck Keene, master of the last rite?, took over. After he had muttered a few words in his beer, 12 couples danced onto the stage and really squirmed through'a swell rhumba. Right now we are all steamed up and rarin* to go invest in some lessons ourselves. Slightly out of place now, but .we also liked the waltzing to Wells and Hayt’s new song “Do You Recall?”
Then came the inevitable drunk scene. But this one was good! Larry Brodd and Ollie Lynch had ^lot of fun with their ladder and had us reeling, too. The words to Wells’ and Hayt’s songs were clever and the tunes were catchy. We liked the SAE and Beta (3 to 1) quartet singing “Oh! That Kiss,” and “In the Silence,” the Alpha Xi trio with the “Airport Blues,” Caroyln Wood singing “Blue Lights” and Nona Reedy put- * ting'" hcross “Too Bad” and “You Know That I Do.” At this stage of the game out came the pony chorus with their pink and black can-can costumes. After they had completed their routine, the beef trust presented ..'its version of the can-can. Those boys WCTe artists! With plain white, stri]^ andTpkk shorts, garters and sweat socks and fluffy skirts tihey ^^t^ipped the light fantastic like several tons of lead. Carl Potenza was especially graceful in this leg-dan-gling dance. ^ / SS 102 Lab And here, chums, is wheire one of the biggest hits of the evening took place. It was Ollie Lynch, Mrs. Mavity’s “poor farmer boy,” singing “I'm from the Country.” He came from the country “By Gum—By Golly,” and he entered evmy s<^o<^ in the University. But he flunked out of th^ in some v«y peculiar ways just as fast as he entered until he came to the school of science where he managed to puU through in SB (Sweet Shop) 103. •iraere you have it. We sure enjoyed tlmt show and we think everyone else did too; so wehre startup right now to save our pmmies for tickets to the next presentation “Everything b^ Oniona”/ V
J ^ 1
This One Is For Dad!
iti %\ M"' f •><v
W»i
Po/Cfa 2 -^suwtai
Saturday, November 23. 1940
fiwutusL £xft^natd.
Today's Grid Card Finds Nation's Best In Action With college football enjoying its last fleeting moments, a majority of the nation’s grid teams will still manage to thrill just one more crowd as they close their scheduled season today. Only the Army-Navy game and several final contests in the balmy southern atmosphere remain on the country’s grid calendar.
Another For Minnesota In the Big Ten, Minnesota will reach the last stepping stone on the trail to the conference crown when it tangles with Wisconsin at Madison. The Grophers are a bruised squad that are still feeling the effects of the Boilermaker tilt but chances for a Badger upset are small in view of Minnesota’s reserve strengrth. At Columbus, Ohio, the Buckeyes will play host to the marauding Wolverines who will clinch second place in the circuit if they take the game. Illinois is traveling to Iowa City where they will flash their circus offense against the Hawkeyes who are rarin’ to go after their upset of Notre Dame last week. With the sting of this defeat fresh in their minds, Elmer Layden’s Irishmen will attempt to regain their lost prestige with a victory over Northwestern in one of the day’s best games. Big Red Meets Penn The East will be treated to some of the finest games of the year today, with mighty Cornell clashing with an equal powerful Penn, Boston College playing Auburn, Harvard pitted against Yale, Brown tangling with Dartmouth, and Columbia colliding with Colgate. The Army will attempt to dodge injuries in their usual fierce battle with ^Princeton so that the squad will be at full strength for the Navy game. When Texas A & M is idle, it can almost be said that a state of stagnation exists in the Southwest Conferenpe, but games between S. M. U. and Baylor, T. C. U. and Rice will help dispel this illusion. Chicago In Headliner To round off the day’s grid activities, rumor hat it that the remaining Vz of the Big 9% Conference will do battle on hallowed Stagg Field today when a estimated crowd of 137 will be treated to an intramural touchball championship playoff. j.d.f. Finals In Military Bouts November 26 In Fieldhouse On Tuesday, November 26, the finals in the Military Department boxing matches will be held in the Fieldhouse at 7 p. m. A bout is scheduled in each weight class to determine the winner, loser and alternate. Each man will weigh in before his bout and must have a medical certificate. Merits will be awarded to each man participating in a bout, h.g.d.
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAYHucii HERBERT
MOORE OMih O’KEEFE PLUS irs FIRST RUN
BcbSIHUI
■ALSO —
— ADDID— FIRST RUN NEWS
—SUNDAY - MONDAY— THE FARMER'S DAUGHTER HIGH SCHOOL GOOFY and WILBER Cartoon
LIMA SUN.-MON. —2 HITS
— WITH — ROSEMARY LANE
LAST DAY—2 HITS mwnms
Also
mmuitnwiu
^ Fy
Johnny Muk BROWN
Fuaay^NIOHT
Varsity Squash Team Tangles Riveters Face University
With Former Lettermen Today
Grange Interviews Eiward Yesterday; Bo McMillin Today Yesterday evening at 6:16 p. m. in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union, the Galloping Ghost of Illinois, Harold “Red” Grange presented his daily fifteen minute broadcast, featuring an interview with Boilermaker Coach Mai Eiward. The program, sponsored by the National Refining Co., was presented over a National Broadcasting Company network, including 20 major stations ranging from Ohio to the Rocky Mountains. Stations WGN of Chicago and WIRE of Indianapolis carried the broadcast. To Interview McMillin Today Due to the fact that Grange is scheduled to interview Hoosier Coach Bo McMillin today after the game, it was generally thought that the former Illini star was favoring the downstaters to win the contest. However, he chose the Riveters to emerge as the victors in the game which he termed as “probably the most evenly matched game of the long series.” “We Expect To Win” Coach Eiward, in response to Grange’s questions, remarked “The Boilermakers are mentally in fine shape for the game, but physically there is much to be wanted. However, the team and the coaching staff fully anticipate winning the game tomorrow.” Both Eiward and Grange paid glowing tribute to Boilermaker Captain Rankin,’who yesterday afternoon received the United Press “Most Outstanding Player in the Big Ten” award. Elward’s Big Ten Team The Riveter coach announced his choices for the All-Big Ten team, excluding the Boilermaker team. Included in his choice were Frutig, Michigan and Anderson, Ohio State, ends; Enich of Iowa at tackle; and a backfield composed of Paffrath of Minnesota at quarterback; Harmon, Michigan and Franck of Minnesota at the halfback posts, and Pashvan, Wisconsin star, at fullback. This afternoon at 6:45 p. m., central standard time. Grange will conduct another sportscast in the Union, giving the football results from all over the nation and interviewing Bo McMillin. p.c.j.
It was on a Dad’s Day occasion two years and four days ago that the Boilermaker squash courts were played on for the first time. A team composed of Captain A. W. Sokolowski, T. O. Jackson, H. E. Eberhard, D. Blitz, and R. Juve defeated a squad of officers from Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio.
The representatives of the U. S. Air Corps flew in and a short time later blew up as this squad of stalwarts literally blasted them out of the courts. Today at 10:00 fi. m. this same team plus members and captains of other years will be back in an attempt to show the present varsity how the game should be
played.
All Star Hockey Team Will Play Exhibition Game For Dads Today Today at 10 o’clock the W. A. A.
all-star hockey teams will play their annual game in the women’s athletic field. Gail Hennis is in charge of the game, which will be umpired by Professor Hazelton and Helen Sehleman. Fathers are in-
vited to witness this game. Chosen as the best players from
all four classes the girls form two
teams, the Gold and Black. Members of the Gold team are:
Opal Blagrave, Eileen Westover, Jean Steigerwald, Vera Chapman, Virginia Fitch, Monica Buergler, Mary Pidgeon, Shirley Johnson, Elsa Schmeltekopf, Betty Miller,
and Shirley Emhoff.
Those on the Black team are: Barbara Ford, Gloria Payne, Harriett Campbell, Kathryn Ade, Marjorie Ward, Betty Van l^ice, Myra McKee, Gail Hennis, Margaret Meltzer, Helene, Houston, Olive Metzger, and Emily Lloyd. State Budget Group Makes Campus Tour The state budget commission stopped at the University yesterday to begin a two-day conference with University officials, the board of trustees and the financial committee on the University’s 1941-42 fi-
nancial program.
The commission makes a tour of state-supported institutions every two years.' Upon completion of the tour, the commission gives its recommendations to the legislature. On the commission are I. F. Garrett, Battle Ground; Hobart Creighton, Warsaw; J. S. Gonas, South Bend, and W. K. Denton, Evansville. Also with the group are A. C. Ketchum, director of the budget and E. P. Brennan, chief examiner of the state board of accounts, e.g.k.
Former captains that are returning are Eberhard,' J. Lucek, Sokolowski, Juve, J. Noll, and F. E. Fields. Six lettermen who -will return to their old stomping grounds are Blitz, Fuente, Wakefield, Jackson, Munro, and Morley. First For Riveters As yet, the Riveter Raqueteers have not engaged in any scheduled contests, the season not opening until the first week in December. However, any lack of experience will be compensated by the desire for a victory over the grads. Captain Jim Mann will be in the first position for the varsity and ably supporting him will be fellow teammates McMillan, Fant, Adams, P. Smith, Goldstein, and Green. The last two players are sophomores and will be making their initial appearance on the varsity. The match held at the Fieldhouse will be over at 11:30 a. m. in plenty of time to get to the Dad’s Day dinners held at various points on the campus. For those that know nothing qbout the game it will be a good opportunity to learn the fundamentals as there will be a coach there to explain the proceedings, b.d.s.
AMERICAN AND CHINESE FOOD The Finest Food in Town NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia St.
Exciting as never before / TYRONE POWER in the most famous of aU screen roles'.
(Continued from page 1)
WincheU and Mike Byelene, as well as the benior student body, have never tasted Indiana superiority on the grid, special thanks to Cec Isbell’s last minute grit four years ago. Jack Brpwn’s blitzkrieg three seasons ago, and the educated tot of Fred Montague last season.
Hoosiers Home Loving
Team morale on the Boilermaker roster has never been higher in the past four seasons, despite the unimpressive record this year, while news eminating from the Jordan tells us of the unusual life to be found in the squad of seniors representing the state school of business, legality, liberal arts and medicine. It took a field goal to help Indiana defeat Iowa, 10-7, while the Boilermakers literally played cat-and-mouse with Dr. Anderson’s homecoming program, winning by two touchdowns aijd ignoring three more by employment of second and third teams. However, the Iowa coinparison will prove to be an infatuation if one looks at the Michigan State appearance of the two clubs. The State club beat Purdue by two touchdowns and the Hoosiers galloped State by the same
number of points. Aerial Blitz Feared
Extra seats and bleachers have been erected in the stadium to house the 32,000 persons expected to see the “Battle of the Wabash,” and if weather permits a passing attack, the customers should be side-show spectators of a real aerial circus, with the Hoosiers having the edge in the passing game due to the presence of Hurlin’ Hal Hursh, without a doubt the best passer in the conference. Yes, better than Tom Har-
mon of Michigan.
Indiana’s big colored end, Archie Harris, according to Purdue’s Dave
Mrs. Elias Compton, selected as one of the outstanding women of 1939, is the only women ever to receive an honorary LL. D. degree for motherhood. She is the mother of three famous men.
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
IT’S A REAL PARTY ON THEIR PARTY LINE! in the unique "Jot-Em-Down” store of radio’s top-notch favorites from Pine Ridge, Arkansas.
— TODAY — TWO FIRST RUN HITS! RICHARD DIX EDMUND LOWE — IN — Men Against the Sky PLUS RILL OF DIVORCEMENT with ADOLPHE MENJOU MAUREEN O'HARA
(Continued from page 1) ody Maids, the Cary Club Glee Club, Carolyn Wood singing “Blue Lights’’ (shades of the Union show) and the Zouaves, campus ■ military organization. Smoker will last until 8:30, Dads will teceive free cigarettes and\agars, and Mother is welcome, to^ Dad’s Day Mixer Dad’s Day starts the beginning of its end at 9 o’clock tonight when Bob Barnes and his lads from the Indiana university campus and Bill Martin and his orchestra combine talents for the post-game mixer in both ballrooms of the Union. Dads will be wearing, instead of the traditional lapel label, the card, “I Am A Purdue Dad,” in their hat bands, P. F. Royster said last night,
j.a.p.
Rankin, is as good a pass snatcher as there exists in intercollegiate athletics today. Take Your Pick On the ground, Purdue’s running attack is far ahead of the Hoosier’s (on paper), but this fellow Red Zimfner has run wild on quite a few occasions this fall against Nebraska, Ohio State and Iowa; therefore, Indiana almost matches Purdue in a running game (on paper); but statistics show that Indiana’s front protection has about twice as much and in four positions three times'as much playing experience as Purdue’s forward wall, thus giving the Hoosiers the edge in experience (on paper); and so on into the night you could write, and all you’d have would be ON PAPER—it’s just another unpredictable PU-IU athletic contest.
SATURDAY, NOV. 30 8AM H. HARRIS PnMntS t»M M08SNARr«aOea&KAUFMAN SEHSATtOfl THE MAN WHO CAME TO DINNER ct^ CLIFTON WEBB — SEATS NOW ON SALE — EVENING AT 8:00— 83c, $1.10, $1.65, $2.20, $2.75 MATINEE AT 2:30— 55e, 83c, $1.10, $1.65 Box Office Open—11:00 a. m. —9:00 p. m. —Phone 7903 for Reservations—
Starts TOMORROW
LAST TIMES ITODAY— m
Dick PoweH'EllMi Draw .YNMSTMAf
iMiiflWr.
* 3
Saturdayv Novninbor 29« 1940
fijctgii 3 ^j^ofhsjupi
idH
Catholic Cardinal Asks French ToCoo^iWe WHh Conqiierors
Greeks Capture City Of Korit^
By Paul Ghall
SPECIAL RADIO / To The Chicago DaSy News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. The Chicago Daily News, Inc
Vichy, Nov. 22.—^Faced with the now obvious fact that Fuehrer Hitler is not content merely to negotiate with France’s leaders but demands that the French people themselves back his policy of collaboration, the Vichy government has come to realize that too-pbvious propaganda; has failed and tljat the^^ people must be convinced in other ways.
A step in this direction was taken
German Diplomats Align Balkan States For New European Order
Both Armies Suffer Heavy
By David M. Nichol
Losses In 11-Day Fighting
in Paris yesterday when a Catholic cardinal added* his voice to those of the two great scientists, George Claude and Louis Lumier, in favor of cooperation with France’s con-
querors.
In an interview given to the new Fi;ench news agency, Inter-Prance, which is closely linked with the Ministry of Information, the 84-year-old Cardinal Baudrillart made a strong appeal in favor of FrancoGerman co-operation: “I have seen three wars with great and powerful Germany,” said the aged prelate, a member of the French Academy. “This gives me the right to beg my fellow countrymen not to let themselves be influenced by first impressions but to reason their acts if they wish to dvoid further disaster.” The voice of the cardinal came as a surprise to many in Prance who are not accustomed to seeing a French priest express public views on a political issue. Especially since the Vatican is tmderstood here not to favor Hitler’s policies. On the other hand, the Catholic prelates have often displayed opposing attitudes to'^ards questions of doctrine and fact. It is significant that the Catholic paper La Cfoix was the first to approve and lend support to the policy of Franco-German co-operation. Prisoners ^Reported Faring Well Apparently in an ^ttempt to
SPECIAL RADIO ” . To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940 The Chicago Daily News, Inc Berlin, Nov. 22.—^This week German diplomatic activity and
By John T. Whitaker
soothe French feelings toward the Germans, Marshal Petain’s special ambassador to Berlin, Georges Scapini, who charged with thq interests of French prisoners, gave an account of the lives of prisoners in Germany. He reported that the morale of the prisoners was high and that they were receiving good treatment fiom their captors, indeed that they were given the same food as the Germans. For the overnourished French this, however, did not seem an impressive argument. Another measure calculated to soften the attitude of the French people toward the German conquer-
the imminent promise of more have given observers here a glimpse of a program for the reorganization of Europe and Asia on a scale far beyond anything the world has previously seen or imagined. T Gep. Ion Antonescu, Rumanian dictator, who switched his country from its pro-English bias to open collaboration with the Axis, arrived with his staff in Berlin today, and was received Jjy Hitler in the Reichschancellery. It is freely predicted by Germans
SPECIAL RADIOTo The Chicago Dally News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. The Chicago DsQy News, lae.
Rome,,Nov. 22.—^The Italian communique announces today that the Greeks have taken the Albanian city of Koritza, 15 mildft across the frontier, after 11 days of bitter fighting in which the Italian losses, as well as those of the enemy, have been severe. The largest city in Albania, Koritza is strategically
ors was revealed today in an official'' necessary.
in a position to know that Rumania will be the next formal addition to the pact. Less is said about Bulgaria but some Germans who should know think that German troops will have free passage there if the German government decides it to be
communique issued by Fernand De Brinon, Petain’s ambassador to Paris, stating that the Lorraine expulsions had been “suspended.” It is noteworthy that the Germans have, apparently, begun to understand that from the viewpoint of the French ifhese expulsions do not generate a “co-operative” spirit.
“Spain and North Africa promise to provide the setting for one of the next stages in the Axis versus Great Britain struggle,” cables Helen Kirkpatfick from London. Indications are, she says, that the next German step “is to be the development of an attack on Gibraltar and hence on Morocco.”
A Bulgarian delegation is expected here next week. Thus much of the foundation hhs already been laid, it is believed here. Himgary’s adherence to the threepower pact this week was its initial formal fruit and important Nazis, including Foreign Minister Col. Joachim von Ribbentrop, have pointedly referred-to it as the “first” of several actions. The German press, always in general terms, has hinted broadly at the scope of the
plans.
If this program is completed the “new order” will extend probably from the headlands of Spain to the farthest outposts of Japan. It involves a parceling out of territories and spheres of interest on an almost
Follow All the
LATEST
WORLD WIDE
CURRENT EVENTS
in the
Purdue Exponent
Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Complete World Interpretation Coverage
Subscribe Now
New Refduced Rate —$2.25
Si^bscribe at Union West Desk
unbelievable scale from which, the Frankfurter Zeitung, for example, said yesterday, only England will^be necessarily excluded. What part the United States may have in'the “new world system” will be determined again, according to the Frankfurter Zeitung, by the United States’ willingness to respect and to stay within the liihits of its “own Monroe Doctrine.” First and foremost, this entire elaborate program is aimed at the defeat of England, if not by actual invasion then by the longer but eqqally effective method of dismembering the Empire. And for the future, it is designed to make the entire area an economic and, if necessary, a military bloc in its dealings witi[i the rest of the world. Already included in this bloc, for all practical purposes, in addition to Germany, Italy and Japan, are Norway, Denmark, Holland, Belgium and the occupied portions of France and former Poland. This week Fuehrer Adolf Hitler has received not only the Hungarians, who came to Vienna for the ceremonies of their signing up, but Italian Foreign Minister sGount Galeazzo Ciano and King Boris of Bulgaria, as well as Spanish Foreign Minister Ramon Serrano Suner, who made his second visit to Germany within two months. Spain is already on the “right way,” the Frankfurter Zeitung says.
important. “Our covering troops, formed of two divisions which, since thq^ opening of hostilities, have held a defensive position on the Greco-Albanian frontier near Koritza,” says thecommunique, “have retired after 11 flays of fighting, and stand today on a line west of the city, which has been evacuated;
Bitter Combats
f
A new war will follow any Bulgarian aggression in Western Thrace, responsible Turkish newspapers and radio broadcasters warned yesterday. They said that “no attack will find us ui^repared.”
“During this period bitter combats have developed. Our losses are severe. Enemy losses are more and perhaps graver. Qur reinfQr<fements are concentrated on the new line. Despite prohibitive atmospheric conditions, our aviation has cq-OI^er.^ ated with the troops, bombing various enemy objectives.”^ ^ In this forthright language the Italians describe the military situation 23 da^s after the invasion of Greece, which occurred three hours after an ultimatum was handed to the Greeks m the early morning of October 28, the anniversary of Mussolini’s march on Rome. A prbpaganda ministry spokesman, reading the communique in a grave voice, said: “I call your attention to the fact that, as the Duce said the other day, we giv6 you the news even when it is bad.” ' • This means a great deal to the Italians because they have made considerable propaganda out of erroneous reports by the British and French of action in Norway and the Lowlands, claiming that the British government deliberately lied every time the newspapers of the world printed reports of British successes. Leland Stowe’s articles from Norway on British reverses, though quoted here at the time, have since been forgotten.
AMERICA'S EASIEST-GOING LEISURE SHOE ^ WITH NEW DETAILS OF STYLING WINTHROP'S SLACK
Winthrop Shoos 6.85 to 8.85 C»t0mM Crmiee A w A
V^ACH season brings loud clamor for uilnew version of this favorite leisure shoe. This year, in response to public demand, Winthrop again brings you the easygoing Slack with new details of styling, including the moccasin stitch, and smart new touches of individuality. See it now.
KINNEY'S SHOES
West Side of Square
Spain, North Africa Promise To Provide Next Battle Setting
By Helen Kirkpatrick
SPECIAL CABLE To the Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc.
London, Nov. 22. —Spain and North Africa promise to provide the setting for one of the next stages in the Axis struggle against Great Britain, though exactly when and how it wiU come it is impossi)>Ie to foretefi. The British continue to make every eff(fi*t to keep Spain neutral and persist in their belief that it is to Spain’s advantage to remain on friendly teras with Britain and the United States. Where there is disagreement with the official view is in the reading of the situation—the official British Viewpoint refuses to admit that Spain shows the same sj^ptoms of breaking ont into a war rash as Italy did last spring. Recurrent reports come in of the presence of German troops civilian dress in Spain. But latest reports are perhaps more significant. When the German Army went into Poland it was followed by a eonp> plete moving picture outfit, whidi took a film later shown to the coun^ tries about to be the victims of German aggression. The film wa^ thought to be so brightening tha| the countries would/lecide to capil^ ulate without a struggle. ,
That complete movie outfit is rCh
ported to he in Spain, within 60 miles of Gibraltar. F^m that an|v conclusion can be drawn, but thei^ would logicaUy seem to he only one .—that the next German step is ti|> be the development of an atta<^ on Gibraltar and hem^ on Morocco. )
.One version of the capture cA
'Britain’s Air Marshal Boyd is that his bomber dueled with Italian war planes for an hour before he was forced down in Sicily. He was en route to take over as deputy air chief in the Middle East.
"Be Right Back* Quick Clean Courteous Curb Service — Lunches
GREEN GABLES
tslwesii Mala Md Siowoi SiteeE LewlM. 4^
%
.u
ws'r-if-t'' fe*' ' '41?''^
Forget Minnesota^ Ohio State, Wiacfindth'^m^s BEAT INDUNAi
Page ^ “SpohiA
Saturday^ NoVttmbdr %Z. 1940
PJttJidukrt^^
14 Boilermakers Close Collegiate Grid Careers Today
Ted Axton
NetmenTurnOnHeat As Sf. Joseph Awaits Fast breaks and sleeper passes highlighted a lengthy Boilermaker scrimmage on the Fieldhouse hardwood last night as Coach Piggy Lambert’s varsity netmen prepared for their curtain raiser with St. Joseph College on December 6, less than two weeks away. A combination of Fred Krampe, Tom Keifer and Mickey Tierney sparkplugged the play of the white team, while Capt. Bob Igney and Ben Korschot were outstanding for the reds. Practically all nineteen of the Riveter squad participated in* the scrimmage. * Alimuii Watch Many alumni on hand for the lU contest, who witnessed the practice yesterday evening, were pleased to see the improvement in the Riveters in getting the ball off the backboard and sweeping it down the floor. Coach Lambert stressed mainly offensive ball-handling during the drill, emphasizing the importance of ball-handling under the basket.
Seniors Unbeaten By Hoosiers; Petty, Timperman May Returri By PHIL JOHNSON This afternoon following tlhe Indiana battle fourteen Boilermakers will trot into the dressing room oif the Fieldhouse to hang up their Gold and Black Uniforms, pads, and cleated shoes in the lockers for the last time. Today’s game will mark the collegiate grid finale for Captain Dave Rankin, end; Ted Axton, center; Bill Lindsay, quarter; Jack Winchell, guard; Gene McIlwain, halfback; Al Rossi, tackle, Ted Tycocki, end; Keith Correll, quarter; George Doherty, center; Jim Henderson, guard; Bill Neff, tackle; Mike Byelene, right half; and possibly Pete Timperman, a tackle, and John Petty, fullback. Elward Commends Seniors —
Bill Neff
John Petty
A fitting tribute and farfewell to these senior players was expressed by Head Coach Mai Elward, who said, “One of the sad things about any football season is to see the group of seniors don their uniform for the last time. Whether these seniors be members'of some all-star team or just one of the reserve members makes no difference because there is no doubt that the reserve has worked just as hard as the fellow who made the headlines.” “Without these reserves any good football team is not possible. To the seniors who are leaving us this year the coaching staff wishes them the best of luck in every future undertaking and knows tha£ if they will jmn, block and carry the ball in those future assignments with the same spirit they showed in the three years of collegiate competition, success will be theirs,” Mai concluded. Rankin Great Player Captain Dave Rankin in his three years of brilliant competition has established himself as one of the greatest ends ever to throw an Indiana back for a loss, indeed one of the greatest players ever to wear . the Gold ahd Black. Rankin won All-American honors last year and yesterday was awarded the United Press “Most Valuable Player in the Big Ten” award. The agile end from Warsaw, Indiana, has certainly
WELCOME DADS LET’S KEEP THAT BUCKET! Visit our new PUIU>UE Store lor PURDUE Students, Alumni and loyal PURDUE BOOSTERS Souvenirs, Pillows and Pennants. UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE Across From Union Building M. C. “Red” Samfnons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
Come on out to the FOOTBALL DANCE at Lincoln Lodge tonight. HORACE RIGGS' BOB CATS will play from 9-1 Sponsored by Della Chi Sigma Sorority Price $1.10 Tax Included
6 WHAT?
NO MAGIC CARPE'n Well maybe not, but Our Cabs ride much smoother anyway* CALL A YELLOW, and go to the game in style!
YELLOW UB CO.
5023
Phones
3071
earned a place in the Boilermaker Hall of Fame. Diminutive Mike Byelene’s record speaks for itself. Mike prepped at Massilon, Ohio. Upon entering college, he was termed by many as too little for Big Ten competition. Ever since then he has been disproving these statements. Mike was all set for a big year this season, even eclipsing his play as a member of the “Three Bees,” but the injury jinx has been pushing him around for the better part of the season. Petty, Timperman Back? John Petty and Pete Timperman are on the doubtful list as far as continued collegiate competition goes. When John was a sophomore, having just previously won the outstanding freshman award, he was in the Detroit game only long enough to kick a couple of points after touchdowns. The next week he received an injury which kept him out of competition the remainder of the season. Timperman, a speedy 216 pound tackle, played only a few minutes against Notre Dame last year in the season’s opener before sustainingr an injury which put him on the shelf the rest of the year. Their cases will not be decided until they come before the Big Ten Faculty Board in the spring. However, it is highly probable that Timperman will be back, and an outside chance that Petty will join him. Axton Plenty Potent Ted Axton, a slight 166 pounds of intestinal fortitude, has established himself as one of the outstanding centers in the country this season as a result pf his skill as a line backer upper deluxe. Ted has played 60 minutes in the last three games, not weakening even against the charges of a Minnesota team that outweighed him nearly 60 pounds to the man. Orchids to Ted as he plays his finale today. Jack Winchell, from Southport, Indiana, has been one of the mainstays in the Boilermaker line for the past two seasons. A typical watch fob guard with plentj*' offight, Jack has stopped some of the toughest backs in the country. Bill Neff, a huge tackle, spent two years on the bench before coming
Jack Winchell
Pete Timperman
Mike Byelene
to life this year in a blaze of power to develop into one of the finest tackles in the conference. His huge frame has been on the bottom of a great many Riveter defensive pileups. Rossi Veteran Lineman Amiable A1 Rossi, another tackle, has been a member of the forward wall for three seasons. Playing beside Rankin, the pair made^ the left side of the line a precaridus place for opposing backs to be. Tiny Bill Lindsay, a quarterback, is a niember of the Boilermaker shock troops—^has been for three years. Plenty of brains, plenty of fight—^but just too small to get into the game. Look for Bill today', however, as he stands a good chance of getting into his last game. Gene Mcllwain is another of the shock troopers which are such an important cog in any football team, but an unrecognized cog. Gene is a halfback, and starred his first Wo seasons on the Riveter “B” team. Injuries Hinder Tycocki Ted Tycocki, of Lansing, Michigan, was one of the fastest 220 men
in the conference last year. For two seasons Ted played halfback, but this year he was shifted to end in order to capitalize on his speed. A myriad of injuries has kept him from asserting himself in his new position this year. Jim Henderson, a guard, and Keith Correll, a quarterback, are also members of the reserve team, having been reporting steadily for three years. Henderson is from Dillsboro while Correll hails from Robinson, Illinois. Irishman Doherty Irishman George Doherty is the remaining senior on the squad. Doherty is a center and is from Point Pleasant, New York. These 14 players have never seen an Indiana team defeat a Purdue team and will be fighting today to keep this record unblemishfed. They are certainly deserving of a victory. Frpsh, Varsity Netters To Battle Wednesday Reamer Club will sponsor the annual freshman-varsity basketball game in the fieldhouse at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, November 27. This game will give the Boilermaker fans their first glimpse of this year’s ^basketball prospects. Price of tickets will be twenty-five cents. Varsity players are expected to find the going tough against this year’s crop of freshman hoopsters. However, the varsity’s display of offensive power should be enough to subdue the plebes. An added feature of the game will be a fracas between the Reamers and Gimlets at the half. w.c.
The ipen’s gymnasium at San Diego State college holds 1,600 spectators. The college’s new bowl will ultimately accomodate 46,000.
STUDENT SPECIAL COMBINATION OFFER
• 5-tube Radio-Phonograph ~ • 20 Records (40 Recordings) ^ • Record Carrier Holds 51 Records • 1 Package Columbia Needles Total Value 5-tube Radio-Phqnograph Combination Value $22.95
A compact S-tube model with two duals, gi-ving 7-tube performance . . . plays 10-inch or 12-inch records! Hps built-in loop with outside lead; crystal pickup and self-starting motor; separate phonograph volume control; and attractive third dimensional glass dial. Luggage Type Record Carrier Holds 51 Records Value..$3,50 A Sure, Safe Way to Carry Your Records 1-pkg. Columbia Needles Value 25c
Combination Price
...$33.35
20 Recor4a
40 Recordings Value $6.65 Choice of DECA - VOCALION BLUEBIRD and OKEH
Third and South Sts. Phone 4039
S.R0EBUCK AND
Free parking lot |0 directly across the street frqm our store.
SEARS Sill. ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING TOTALING $1Q OR MORE ON THE EASY PAYMENT PUN'iftp A. I
Lers Tack Anmheir On The Bucket^-Let^s BEAT INDMNAI
fiahdm £xfwmni
/
Soturdoy* Mov«inb«r 23« 1940
fiof^S-Spohtk
An Irishman's Illusions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Yep, it’s here. Indiana is in town, and we’re going to have another thrilling football game, with all the ingredients of an old fashion melodrama. Whee; tom jerseys, ripped pants, lost headgears, smashing tackles, terrifically KO-ed passes, driving backs, leaping ends, screaming students, tdttering inebriates, roaring ends, screeching whistles, penalties, towering punts, reckless everything, including prostrate coaches.
Before we go' any farther, wa’ve 'got to congratulate the Student Union for producing sueli a swell couple of hours of entertainment Thanksgiving night. And that ‘‘cancan” chorus dam near captured the imaginary prize of the evening. Thai little butterfiy of tne male “can-can’s” was Carl Potenza, one of the best boxers on the Purdue team. —I-I— 1 have heard that one of those “roommates” of mine was accorded some kind of honor or another yesterday. Now the wailiiig wall can sing another swan song, for news is nows, boys, even if friends are concerned. Shucks! —M— The fever of battle is much higher at the Indiana campus than here at Purdue, but the real reason is because of the Thanksg^i^ng holiday, causing an interruption to the erection of a victory feeling. It’s all up to the student body this afternoon. When a team plays away from home and the game should be
P
URDUE
Blankets
Lcorge, All Wool and Regulation
Here is your chance to get a worthwhile ond practical keepsake ior your days at Purdue ... or a gift for that ’'right person".
Normally $10.00 Dad's Day $7.50
We also hove ready for you a wide assortment of felt goods. Novelties and Souvenirs.
Draw
ranEBooK^suTErncK
>M-IO flMHE IlMEKf WffT UtFAytTU MO
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR, PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK ' DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Hain St. Phona 5701
DEACS Everything fdr a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION OENT3ST 119% Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
• Tailor
Sparrandahl Tailor Foyrter Hotel Bldg. SUIT end TOPCOAT $30 and up
MAURICE'P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
• Electrical Supplies
Breltford's Electric Shop Irons - Madzda Lamps Hot Point All Models Fluorascont Appliances 213 State St. Phone 5952
• Bus Information
CHICAGO 42-95 R.T, GARY 2.95 R.T. MICHIGAN CITY — 3.70 R.T. INDIANAPOLIS 2.10 R.T. YANKII TKAILWAYS 208 N. 5th Phone, 4475
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
e Jawelart
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and 'Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Dairy Produces
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK ' Phone 46214
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Dolphin. Triton Clubs Will Present Galaxy Of Famous Swimmers At Annual Aquacade
a toss-up, we always give the home a touchdown before the fracas begins— because of the encourage^ ment from the stands—^this game is a toss-up; therefore the outcome is up to the Purdue student body— their lung power is like spilling ethyl gas on the cylinders of a model “T” Ford. Wham, zoweee, gone . . . arrived . —I-I—, Although the Hoosiers have lost as many ball games as Purdue this season, their record is as impressing as the Riveters in defeat, look at the following statistics: Indiana’s first downs number 82; opponents’ first downs are 57; total yardage for the Hoosiers is 1,672, and their opponents’ ground efforts 1,327; in the air the Hoosiers have completed 66 passes as against 22 for the opposition. -1-1— And there you have the rec^l story about today’s game. Purdue’s record shows an identical reading; so pick the winner yourself—^I don’t want anjrthing to do with it. But Notre Dame will beat Northwestern. —I-I— So remember, fellows and gals, this outcome remains in the lungs of the loud-mouths today. Give the visitors a real reception, but let it go at that; let the Gold and Blacks have the encouragement after that. -1-1-And let’s be real sports this afternoon—diet’s npt admit defeat by unsightly mannerisms.
The Dolphin and Triton Clubs’ fourth annual Aquacade, which brings into one pool, the Fieldhouse pool, some of the greatest names in swimming, takes over the spotlight next Friday night at 8 o’clock. The show will run two nights, being slightly different on the second night, Saturday. It is rapidly becoming one of the outstanding athletic events on the campus. No less than 24 of the world’s .
'Jolting Joe'
Fourteen univerpities and ten colleges are maintained by the 5,400 Jesuits,in the United States.
greatest swimmers appear on the show’s star-studded program. There will be World champions, national and national junior champions, state champions, state intercollegiate champions, national YMCA and junior YMCA champions on hand to add color to the spectacle. Many Champions ; Many of these stars hold American records and are world titleholders. Tlie combined total of records held by this group would probably exceed 30. Racing enthusiasts will have a chance to witness 12 events which are races or attempts at records. Patty Aspinall, who has been tutored by Riveter Coach Dick Papenguth for some time will take a crack at the world 220 yard breaststroke mark. She alrealdy holds several records in this event. Free-Stylers Good One of the features in this group of 12 will be the free style event which throws together four of the top performers in this field. Competing are Otto Jaretz, the outstanding free-stylist in the country. Riveters Carney and Eratzer and the All-American high school star froih Chicago’s Lane Tech, Eozolowski. Carney is' national junior champion while Kratzer is the state intercollegiate titlist. Another high spot will be the backstroke race between the world champion, Adolph Eiefer and Boil- ' ermaker John Dilley who is nation-
al YMCA champion. Dilley who hails from Huntington, Indiana is a freshman here and is already one of the top performers in this event. Plunger On Hand A 16 year old mark will hang in the balance as Niel Stillwell attempts to better his record of 83% feet in the plunging event. This event was discontinued soon after Stillwell hung up his record. These are but a few of the racing and record-busting events which will thrill the crowd next week-end. Five of these events feature girl swimmers. Exhibitions and stunts will comprise 16 events on the card. Two ballets are featured and one will be performed in waltz time. Fourteen girls are in the Triton ballet and three are in the small ballet. The small ballet which spotlights Virginia Schakel, Loraine and Betty Bemis will be run oflF in double time. Miller’s Act Doc Miller, local medico, will attempt to show how he snags thos^ huge muskies with his fishing act. In this case, however, he will be asked to snare a human fish with his standard Isaac Walton equipment. This alone should'be well worth the price of admission. Tickets can be obtained from all Dolphin, Triton and Reamer Club members. They are priced at 40 cents each. e.c.y.
One of the Hoosier’s most consistent ground gainers and strongest defensive backs is fullback “JoHuig Joe” Tofil.
IM Schedules BASKKTBALl. Monday, November 2S Court 1—W. B. McAdams 7:00 Ward 1 vs Ward 40 7:15 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary BWl 2 8:00 Cary Hall 8 vs Cary HaU 4 8:15 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 6 Court 2—J. Mann 7:00 Ward 8 vs Ward 2 7:16 Caw Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 8 8:00 Cary Hall 9 vs Cai^y HaU 10 8:16 Ward 4 vs Ward 6 Court'S—B. Berman 7:00 Ward 6 vs Ward 8 7:16 Cary Hall 11 vs Cary HaU 12 8:00 Cary Hall 18 vs Cary HaU 14 8:16 Ward 10 vs Ward 11
DADS?
HAS YOUR BOY THE RIGHT CLOTHES FOR ALL THE COLD WEATHER AHEAD?
I You, too, can be in step with the latest styles on campus and also be comfortable in the coldest weather. We can supply you with all the clothing appropriate for the cold winter months. Flannel Shirts ggc Jackets $4.98 and up Senior or Gray Cords (Slide Rule Pocket) $2.98 Moleskin Pants (Slide Rule Pocket, Zipper Fly) $3.98
224 Main Street /
RELIABLE CLOTHING CO.
Street 224 Main
"THAT'S MY POP" A phrase that will be heard throughout the campus week-end, and DADS we just want you to know that all PURDUE welcomes you; so c’mon and make this week-end one that you'will long remember. PURDUE is looking forward to a tough game this afternoon, but we’re confident there , will be twelve “P’s” on the Old Oaken Bucket'’ by tomorrow instead of eleven. f Peter Anderson Company
6th and Alabama Streets
“After You We Come Firsl"^j''^'"isr
■ ^ '^j
>■* ri 1 /«»* , tt-%, \ fe. j’s
f^hdAy ^c F#n^ ,S^bs<#k /#^4 M<iaf»' 0/ J
^ f>
■riUb
Ubtti
^%^De 6 "^itiiii
Sohirdoy, NdVexbber 23l 1940
fijaMbm^£i^amtiiti£ \
•sfi
An
•<^
i/* h t
Jjumhf. Jidlc Well, Dads • \ • ... this is a great day in our lives, because today we’re going to try to add another victory to the Old Oaken Bucket series, the fourth in a row. That means that our sraiors will never have seen Indiana win in their four years here. We haven’t done so well this year on the previous Saturday afternoons. The team has usually looked impressive but they’ve always lacked that little spark that meant the difference between victory and defeat. That same spirit has been lacking in the entire student body, Dad, but today we’re all hoping that we can recover some of that determination and make the team on the field feel that we’re in there fighting, too. And while you’re here you might have a look around and see if this modem generation has swerved so sharply from the paths that you followed as a youth. Today we are being accused of being unpatriotic because we refuse to fight in a war that is not of our making or of our choosing. Is that being unpatriotic? Furthermore, 1,600 Purdue men subject to the selective service act have registered and now stand ready to answer the call for training. Of course there are objections, there are always objections when one’s personal comfort is endangered, but there are no movements or reactions against what most of us believe to be a necessary evil. Is this the lack of patriotism to which our critics point? Today, and no doubt in your day, too, we are being accused of a lack of “moral conviction.” We have no religion except that of the scoffer and the unbeliever. We are guilty of looseness and have no moral fiber. Dad, last Sunday the Rev. John Fulton Sheen, one of the dignitaries of the Catholic Church, spoke before some 4,500 students in the Music Hall. Does that sound to you as if we were scoffers and unbelievers ? Does that show a lack of interest in religion and God? And that same thing happens every time there is a religious convocation. We’re a little franker, perhaps, and lots more blunt but we are just as sincere and just as courageous as any previous generation. Don’t take our word for it, but look around you4;oday, watch us as we play on the field, as we cheer in the stands, as we celebrate a victory tonight; then decide for yourself whether anything but our exterior has changed from that of the previous generation. And don’t let anyone sell you the funny notion that we’re any softer than you were or that we are leading the decay of democracy. We may not win that game today but a lot of people dre going to know that Purdue was out there playing and that’s just the way it will always be—^Purdue out there playing—whether it’s football or life.
I Joseph Baird Gleason, Minister. ■ ■■ I nG V^flllrCfIGS 9 30 a m—Roger Williams Club
Class Dean M. L Fisher, teacher. 10 36 a. m—Ch\irch Worship. Sermon by the Pastor, “Fret Not
Because of Trouble.”
The choir will sing, “Praise the Lord, 0 Jerusalem,” by Maunder. Robert Burger will sing, “Bless This House,” by M. H. Brake. After the service a picture will be taken of the student group and the Roger Williams Club Cabinet. 6 30 p m—^Roger Williams Club Fellowship Hour and ^n cent lunch. 6.30 p. m—^Discussion Group. Prof. Gordon Enders will speak on “The Situation in the Far East.”
Uraversity Presbyterian Church North Street at Grant Street John W Findley, Pastor and Director of the Westminster Foundation Robert S Thomas, assistant. 9*30 a, m—The Sunday morning discussion groups will be continued with Dr. Graves teaching the group on the “Life of Jesus,” and Mr. Thomas teaching the group on the “Church and Social Action ” 10 45 a m —^Worship and preaching service at Central Presbsrterlan Church, Seventh and Columbia
Streets, Lafayette
6*00 p. m—The Sunday Evening Club will meet and have supper. All students are invited to join m
the fellowship,
7:00 p m—Dr. Alexander E. Sharp, Sjmodical Executive of the Synod of Indiana, Presbyterian Church of the U. S A., will address the Sunday evening group.
Methodist Students 9 30 a. m.—Sunday School Co-ed Class—^at the Foundation 1. “How Can I Make My Life Count for Most”—^Irene Feldt 2. “The Denommations” — Mrs. McFadden. Men’s Class—at the Foundation. Dr. Leevy on “The Race Problem.” 10:40 a, m.—^Mormng Worship. Sermon by Rev. Steele on, “The Humble God.” 6:16 p. m.—Student Supper at the Foundation, 15c. 6 to 7:30 p. m.—^Epworth League at the Church. Fellowship Hour — Presentation of the one-act play, “Why Should I?” 6:30 p. m. — Three discussion groups on “Preparation for Home and Marriage.” 1. “Datmg”—^led by Prof. A. A. Smith. 2. “Going Steady”—^led by Rev. McFadden. 3. “Problems of Marriage and the Home”—led by Mrs. McFadden. 7:16 p. m.—Worship Service on the same theme.
West Lafayette Baptist Church Comer Columbia and Chauncey sts.
Colnnim
Today people will forget. About trjdng to pick a winner. In Europe. And plank their money on the helmeted heads of some football team. * if * Take here for instance. Fifteen thousand students, and as many alumni in addition as can get into the stadium. And some who can’t. Those boys are doing plenty of worrying. And it isn’t about Adolph. If all the people in the United States are gnavdng their knuckles over the outcome of today’s battles were laid end to end. We would probably find that about 16 percent of the citizenry don’t care what happens in Europe today. Not by a bomb sight. * * Xt However, we would like to mention that the Greeks captured Koritza yesterday. Seems to us that they did that the day before too And the day before that The only explanation we can offer for this repeat performance IS— That they like to sleep in their own beds. * * * And whip home every night when the five o’clock whistle blows. * * Xi / A few more days of this and they -will tie the record For continuous performances on Broadway. * « x> We’ve been getting a trifie worried about these British. Lately. Not that We want to take, sides. But
A
IWdue Exponent Bnteirad *Mond elua matter at the poet alllee to I«torette. litolana. undtt the aet of Conerces of Ha^ •. 1879, at thd apeeial rate of potirnge provided for to Motion lloStf aet of October 1,1917, authorUed Janaanr 90, 1922. Pablbhed dailp except Hondar dnrinc the resalar academic rear and weeklr daring the Summer SeMion. Delivered locallr tqr carrier for IS 6o per gear, mail enb-
■criptlon $1.60.
EdIteiUto-ChM *. W. Denahae Bnetocea Manager. Jlorle Hngemejrer Pubficatfon Staff Mewe Bdltor. H McKee Managing Editor D. K. Heiple Aaiociate Editorc: W. E. Heaton, N. A, Ochiltree, J. A. ' FnreeU, L. W. Kuffner, K. M. SkaUcrup, J. L. Traugott Butinatg Staff local Advertising Managers: D. 8. Powers, O. 0. Landers, Promotion Manager, G B. DanglemaJer; Acaonnts Manager. K. J. Shadford: Cirenlation Manager, R. M
Eecktenwald
Co-ad Staff t
Editor J „ Beth Simpson Associate Editors; Marjr Ki^ Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Sieis.
Sperfg Staff Editor.^ _ J. P. Dolan J. P, Adamson, P. C. Johnson, X. O
Associate Editors:
Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising bv National Advertising Service, Inc, College Publishers Representativas. 420 Madison Ave., New York. N Y Staff For This Issua Night Editor* Heaton Day Editor*.Rose Asst. Night Editor; Brophy Sports Editor: Johnson Staff F I Jones E W McCullough O L Allanson R S Kolb, E G Kfeper, B G Smith, J D Smith, H G deBruyn, A Chatfield, M L Losey
we haven’t been able to figure out their strategy In letting Adolph level off the midlands Unless. They’re waiting for him to run out of ammunition, ana At any rate between der fuhrer’s demolition corps. And British strategy. There ought to be a field day for city plannerSd—dkh
The Ratio 3.03
to 1
Purdue Christian Foundation Lafayette Christian Church, corner 6th and North St. 9 30 a m.—Student Class 10:40 a. in.—^Worship service at which Doyle Mullen "will conclude his series on “Understanding Myself ” 6.16 p. m.—^Ten cent Supper at 126 S. Chauncey. 6*00 p. m.—Student forum and recreation at church. Wesley Players Present One Ad Play Tomorrow Wesley Players will present a one-act play entitled “Why Should I?” at the Methodist church tomorrow evening at 6 o’clock. This play was given last Monday evening by the same cast at Attica. The players are Beth Ludberg David Folger, Tom McConaha, Jean Horton, Maxine Abshier, Vernon Singleton and Bob Tooker. Lighting is arranged by John De Young and make-up by Phyllis Hyde. * Mrs. Glenora McFadden is director. j.d.s. I " " Persoimel Company; Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company, Barberton, Ohio. Company’s Products: Chemicals. Representative: F. R. Elmore. Date of Visit: December 6, 1940. Will Interview: Senior Chemical Engineers. Types of Positions; Development Department.
Hey, people, this ain’t spring, this IS the end of fall or the beginning of winter. The way pins have been flying around, you’d think that the balmy breath of spring h^d hit us already. We have three new and one old merger to tell you about today. Sig Ralph Fisher pushed his the other day onto Pi Phi Pat Crown. Hear tell that Ralph was given the traditional bath in the Wabash Wednesday night, too. It Isn’t True! So Help . . . Next we have Randy Mecredy SAE, and Chi O Alice Chatfield and finally. Bob Brock of the Phi Kappas and South Haller Jackie Carr. Speaking of pins, it’s kinda embarrassing to go home over the holidays and come back to find you’re not pinned anymore, so we apologize to Bill Hosier and Barbara Hyman for the article that appeared about them in this column the other day. Barbara should wear that pin all
the time so people wouldn’t get the wrong idea. She’s Wearing My Sweater! It’s getting so that the women around here aren’t contented with a thing of their own anjmaore. They are even wearing men’s sweaters that they borrowed. The boys who have contnbuted to the cause are Bob Adams, Frank Merriell and Jack Chetney. That particularly loud golf sweater that you see runmng around is the pride and joy of the Phi Gams They’ll never know how or why they let an Alpha Chi get hold of it Those gals must be good wheedlers, or something. ‘Zipper’ Is Free Again Well, we’ve had new romances, now for one that didn’t work or should I say isn’t working? “Zipper,” alais Glorianna Sivyer, one of the Kappa’s nicest pledges, has given Bill Wells the boot and the man has a car, too. We used to think that a car made a difference around here, or is this the,exception that proves the rule? At any rate, a lot of people are going to be glad to hear that “Zipper” IS back in circulation again. She Got Spanked! Ah, birthdays! Those anniversaries that come but once a year, and give people unaccustomed liberties with your anatomy.
Harriett Deckard had one the ^her day and Phi Gam Bill Sweeney took the aforementioned liberties and spanked her soundly, right in the West Lounge and in front of God and about 25 interested spectators. That’s the kind of thing we need around here, more he-man stuff! Well, people, let’s show “Pop” a good week-end and no fair taking him to the spots and getting him tired just so you can put him to bed and have a date witli the girl fnend, that just ain’t cricket
Texas A, and M. college has won more awards than any oth^r U. S. school in contests of the Society for* Promotion of Engineering Education.
Letter To The Editor
I’ve just read Tuesday’s editorial on jitterbugs. It seems to me you sort of hinted for an answer from a jitterbug—well here it comes! I do not believe those couples who do not know how to jitterbug start kicking people in the shins and ruining the girls’ hose at the mivers but let’s give those credit who know how tojitterbug—they are not the ones who do the trampling. More than likely it’s some big lug trying to waltz (they’ll do it every tinle!) Most students’ opinion on jitterbugging seems to be that it is silly and crude but 10 to one these^are the ones that can’t do it. It’s fun, it’s tricky, you have to be nimble on your feet and a good dancer to do it and 80 per cent of the Purdue students are lousy dancers; no wonder they crab about the jitterbug. J. C., HE ’44. P. S.: Have you ever noticed these couples that hold a convention in the same, the very same spot the whole blessed evening? They can’t ’’help but get stepped on once in a while! When I hear the band at dances strike up a good rhjrthm tune I want to dance to it, not just walk around (what most people around here call dancing). Now I don’t feel like coming to mixers any more if I’m going to be out of place. I don’t wear saddle shoes and sweaters either. In fact, I made Mary Kay’s “What They Are Wearing Column” on what I wore to a mixer. Hadley Will Speak At Ceres Banquet Ceres, agronomy and general agriculture fraternity, will hold its fall initiation banquet in the Home Economics Building next Wednesday at 6 o’clock. The banquet is in honor of the new initiates. Dr. Hadley of the mathematics department /Urill spea^ on “The Art of Living.” Carl Johnson, president of Ceres, will act as toastmaster, hg.d.
The co-ed spends morerthan the mere male at Indiana university, a survey has revealed
HnilDKERCHKF TEST PROVeS viTRi 2onE muinvs spotiess
Always clean and free from gob no matfer how often you smoke it. Challengmg higherpriced pipes in bnar quality and value. WM. DEMUTH & CO., NEW YORK
Makes You Feel Proud — Doesn’t it? • . . to spend a week-end with your boy or girl . come often! Don’t wait for Pad’s Day.
4-^
FHOE GOCK&fifrDrSIDRE
9M-IO miC' flREET WEST LAFAMiTIC MR
STEP OUT in Clean Clothes on every occasion
It’s easy to be well dressed all the time . . . and inexpensive, too! Take your own wardrobe, no matter how limited it may seem, and entrust jits care to Crown. Our regular expert cleaning will add to its life and give you the feeling of always stepping out in brand new apparel! Ask our truck to call today.
CROWN LAUNDRY FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES PHONE 4073
■hf' , It'4 a'
//
Today We BEAT INDIANA!
fijuJulusL SxporutnL
Saturday^ November 23, 1940
(po/gsi 7-TloIicttA
w
I
Notices
Badio Club: Meetins in room 184 of EE Building, Tuesday, Npvember 26, at 7:80 p. nu Mr. B. R. Stone will give a lecture demonstmtion on, “The Control of the Purdue Television Station, W9XG.’’ Use north entrance.
Roger Williams Club: Pictures of the student group will be taken after morning service. ’ —THOMPSON.
Wesley Foundation: Annual dinner for alumni and seniors Saturday, November 28 at 6 p. m. Please make reservations by phoning 6261. —McFADDEN.
Novice Pistol: Students to Are in the sixth novice pistol group may sign up in the supply room of the Armory. This will be the last'group of the year. 12-1. —BROWN.
Kappa Delta Pi: Open meeting Tuesday, November 26, in West Faculty Lounge at 7:80 p. m. Dr. Smith will talk on “Prejudices." Any students interested are invited to attend. —NORQUEST.
Independent Staff: Np meeting this week because of Thanksgiving vacation. Dog will be up Monday. —SELKOWITZ. Independent Students: Those students desiring to work on the PIA geographical survey report to PIA office at 4:80 p. m. any afternoon this week. —SMULEVITZ.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Rehearsal Monday night, November 26, at 7:80 in room 807 of the Union. It is important that everyone be there. , —SMULEVITZ.
Horticultural Society: Debris picture will be taken at 7:80 p. m. Wednesday, November 27, in the South Union Ballroom. —RUNKLE.
Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 26, at 7:1B p. m- and Thursday, November 28, at 7:1B p. m. Advanced ballet will practice Friday, November 22, at 4 p. m., every day of week starting Sunday, November 24, at 4 p. m., and at 7:16 p. m. Tuesday, November 26, and Thursday, November 28. Beginning ballet practices Friday, November 22, at 4:46 p.m., every day of week starting Sunday, November 24, at 4:46 p. m., and Tuesday, November 26 and Thursday, November 28, at 7:16 p. m. —SMITH.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Test information will be in your box by noon today. List of actives is on the bulletin board. t —CHRISTY.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges: Turn ip shingles with signatures to me at the Phi Delta Theta house by Monday night, November 26. —JACKSON. Scriveners: There will be no meeting Sunday night, November 24. —REIGLE.
All Freshmen: Engin^ring lecture will bedn Eliza Fowler Hall'Saturday, November 23. —KNAPP.
Reamer Club: Form around mascot at south end of playing field between halves of football game Saturday, for picture. Complete attendance of actives and pledges necessary. —ARCHIBALD.
Classified Ads FOR RENT Rnss-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for ell oeeasions. Min. $2.50 aU night. Phone, 2407.
WAA Volleyball: Call out Monday, Tuesday and Thursday, November 26, 26, and 28, at 4 p, m. Two practices are required. —KIRKHOPF.
WSGA Office Committee: Important meeting Wednesday, November 27 at 4 p. m. in the WSGA office. If you can't be there, notify me beforehand. Those who have been unable to turn out before this time but want to work should also be there. Attendance will be taken. —STIERS.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and ^ed, for sale, rent and repaired All makes of portable typewriters, $20.76 to $60.60. Office supplies. Mimeoimwh and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, $06 Main St. Phone 2770. ''
FOR SALE SOO tickets $1; 1000 for $2; other printing at painless prices. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 20th. Phone 6206. Wanted: Four tickets for ,Indiana game.
MEET and EAT
¥
AT Will AurrM’c
4
YWnLlfllmCillri d • BREAKFAST
• LUNCHEON
• DINNER
*
m REFRESHING TREATS
YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALOREEN’S
¥
DRUG STORES
t
410 Main Street
Poirta'Robe The Handiest Auto Robe for Driving and Outdoor Sports
Only
$
98
Complete with zipper waterproof carrying case of Red plaid doubie texture material to match.
f«% Wool 60"x54" AUTO ROBI beautiful gray and red design.used as Auto Seat cover, to take along on Hunting and Fishing trips. Ice Skating and Hockey; Picnics. Outings, Footbaii, night _ games. It’s the Individual Robe that everyone would ^. like to have.
PORTA-ROBE THE MODERN GIFT Sure to Please All.
It*s the Individual Rohe that everyone would like to Own. ..See this value.
\
HIBlllEEOCKg^SUHlYflPKE
WM cMoater—MMHWH
SOBHO STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IND
Nick Mats Presents Einstein Plaque To University In Honor Of Scientist
oronze plaque of Dr. Albert Einstein was presented to the University yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the west reception room of the Union by its sculptor, Nick Mars, University graduate (BSEE ’36) and now an electrical engineer with file Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company. Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter accepted it on behalf of the University and President E. C. Elliott and Manager L. M. Vallely received the plaque for the Union. University radio station WBAA broadcast the ceremonies. Harding Opens Ceremony Professor C. P. Harding, head of the school of electrical engineering, opened the presentation ceremony by introducing Mars and expressing his appreciation for the honor being bestowed upon the University in receiving this tribute to Prof. Einstein. He then called upon Mars, who in presenting the plaque to Dean Potter, said: “Of all the men I could think of. Professor Einstein is the greatest of those from all lands, who, like irlyself, have found refuge and unbounded opportunity in America, Therefore, as this
will pay reasonable price. Call 81671.
Lost: Two jacket coats alongside of Administration bldg., Tuesday night. Reward. 284 Cary Hall North.
Lost: Antique gold pen with gold tassel. Reward. Phone Marge Moore, 66131. Lost: Genuine ostrich tobacco pouch. L. Clark, Phone 2160. Reward.
Lost: Glasses in tan case. Probably between Education Building and Union. Call room 3824, Wood Hall. For Sale: Ticket to Indiana game with adjacent student ticket. Call 76254. Lost: TEP fraternity pin between Music Hall and Russell stress. Call 7724. Reward. AI Katz.
Lost: Works of Waltham wrist watch in or near Music Hall. Reward. Robert Troutman. Phone 2673.
For Sale: One tux outfit, $10. Also one set of tails. Good condition. Phone 45052 or 802 W. Stadium.
. Lost: Dark blue purse in bowling class. If found notify Helen Schickler, 9413.
Close in furnished apartment for four men students. Phone ^2306. For Rent: Save money by sharing close in apartment with 3 other men. Phone 2306.
POPCORN
DAD'S PLACE
15c a Gallon
■—I" I
If you have not fried it yet, do sol
So Hcmdy
WELCOME DADS! Glad to See You Come Again — Soon. C. E. WOLFORD Shoe Repairing 109 Northwestern Ave.
City Meat and Poultry
220 N. Srd Street
Phone 5372
^ \
WELCOME DADS / • Box of Martha Washington Candies for Mother, o Complete Fountain Service. i
Free Parking in Rear
Free Delivery
UNIVERSITY DRUG STORE Next to Post Office ' n! J. Arth, ’37 D. N. Hansell, ’37
Model Railroaders Get Trains Ready For 'Open House' Today
plaque hangs on the walls of Purdue University^ I hope it will serve as a permanent symliol of all that America offers, particularly in the way of education, to its adopted citizens.” He said that he especially appreciated his opportimities in the University and in the Memorial Union Building in which he worked while in school and was glad to be able to do something in return. Dean Potter Accepts In his acceptance speech. Dean Potter said in part: “This plaque is symbolic of the scientific and the aesthetic in both fields in which Dr. Einstein excels. Dr. Einstein is not only the world’s greatest physicist but also an outstanding musician. This plaque is a compliment to him and to you.” Manager Vallely in receiving the plaque for the Union, said: “It seems fitting that this plaque I of Prof. Einstein should hang in the halls of our Union Building. It shows the respect that the student body has for all great men of science.” Working from photographs for a year and a half, and later from notes taken while the subject posed for him. Mars was able to finish the Einstein plaque in his spare time with 700 nights’ labor and 3,000 miles of travel. The plaque, which will hang in the main hall of the Union, according to vallely, is about 15 inches in diameter, round, with a bust of the scientist in the center of a black background, and weighs 59 pounds, f.i.j. Foundation To Conclude Present Sermon Series Rev. Doyle Mullin will conclude his series of sermons on “Understanding Myself” at 9:30 tomorrow morning in the Lafayette Christian Church. He will address a student ^lass sponsored by the Purdue Christian Foundation. For his concluding sermon, the Rev. Mullin has chosen the topic “Intelligent Churchmanship.” m.1.1.
By J. H. Armstrong We were up in the ME Building attic last week (there is an attic there and a big one at that, even though it doesn’t show from the outside) looking over the preparations the Model Railroad club boys were making for their Open House today. It seems that a lot of people have heard of the outfit who’ve never had a chance to see it in operation; so they’re opening it up to visitors this evening from 7 to 10 o’clock. They even asshred us that they’d put up signs in the building to show how to get up to the attic. Amid a remarkable confusion of work in progress, two trains—a typical midnight milk train with one coach on the rear of a string of express and mail cars and a long freight—^were hurrjTing in and out .of siding to get out of each other’s 4,500 Cheering (Continued from page 1) too many substitutions had been made in the Wisconsin game, but said that while the substitutes had mqde mistakes, then they are the men who will win games for the team in seasons to come, because of the experience given them this year. Praising the spirit of the Riveters which made them try to score on Minnesota in the last quarter instead of merely being content to hold down the score, Elward promised to make the all student body members of the teaip next year by welcoming them to the practices of the team one day each week. Major C. D. McAllister, EE ’20, who had just arrived after a flight of 1,060 miles from Kelly Field, Texas, through weather so bad he had seen the ground but once, assured the crowd that the game is “in the bag.” Indiana has not been able to beat PurdUe at any game at which Major McAllister has been present since 1920. Rankin Named Most Valuable Wild cheering greeted the announcement by Zuck that Dave Rankin had been chosen by the United Press as the man “most valuable to his team” in the Western Conference over such stars as Harmon and Franck. Bill Delmer then presented the Reamer’s prize for the best sign at the pep session, a football autographed by all the members of the team, to the Pi Kappa Phi’s. The “Best Mourners” trophy, awarded for the best wreath, was given to the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house to keep for one year by Reamer Louis Aull. The trophy consists of a “double-plated” tin can set on a mahogany base. Aull explained that the choice was made on a basis of the wreath’s “usefulness, originality and novelty” and referred all questions about the nature of the winner’s wreath to “any SAE.’*The seccion closed with the “Purdue Series” and “Hail Purdue.” j.h.a.
way. Two operators and four switchmen were busy endeavoring to keep the two engines from meeting where there was only one track. They always did meet each othersafely, too, except once—^but we weren’t supposed to mention that incident. Another System On another system, intertwined with the regular steam railroad model, was an electrified line with a neat little coach scurrying along, presumably carrying a load of commuters home from work. ' “Let’s let the superintendent ride,” said some member, and a special two-wheeled “observation” car was attached to the passenger train. Again they wouldn’t let us tell just what it was like. It would be running at the Open House, they said, for anybody who wanted to see it. Built On Scale All the models were built strictly to scale, as was the track. Over on one side of the layout a complicated new approach to a freight and passenger terminal was under construction, while in the yards themselves a three-stall roundhouse was being erected. There was an unfinished air about the whole layout, in fact. Just like the Purdue campus, we thought. “We won’t have the whole layout running, of course,” said Bud Darr, who, though he is president of the club, was underneath a table nailing a board in plaice. “But we will have four or more trams running and at least 75 cars on hand.” Don’t Miss It When we left we thought of the customary “playing with toys” crack. But we didn’t say it—^Oie beautiful workmanship on the models and the way in which they duplicated every action of their full-sized prototypes didn’t make it very appropriate. Besides, several of the members had hammers^and similarly viciouslooking instruments in their hands at the time. ^ ASME National Meeting Honors Hawkins, Hanley Dr. George Hawkins of the Engineering Experiment Station staff has been awarded the Pi Tau Sigma medal for 1940. The medal, awarded for “significant achievements in high pressure steam research and engineering education,” will be presented at the;annual banquet of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers in New York City on Wednesday, December 4, according to C. E. Davies, secretary of the society. Purdue will be otherwise in the limelight at the ASME national meeting as W. A. Hanley, Purdue ’ll and chief engineer for Eli Lilly and Co., is installed as president o± the society. Dean Potter of Purdue will speak to the society on Wednesday and Thursday. <,
HELLO DADS YOU ARE ALWAYS WELCOME AT
INC.
PHONE Z237
THE HOME OF ALPAGORA O’COATS
316 STATf*
i *’C <• s'? l^l
S,
\
/
fi^agxS-deU
Saturday, November 23, 1940
fiwuim. Sxpotuu^
After The Game
MEET AT THE
UNION
'^\
f- K
/
For good fellowship follows all games and here it reigns supreme. No PURDUE GAME is complete without the activities following it. Show Dad the true spirit of your college by taking him to the Union.
7
0jiniL at ihjL e CHESTNUT ROOM e COFFEE SHOP e CAFETERIA e GRILL LOUNGE or Have a Cake in the e SWEET SHOP
JhsL lAmon Qluh will be open for permanent and transient guests.
OisdL ihjL • BOWLING ALLEY • BILLIARD ROOM • BROWSING ROOM • MUSIC ROOM and Dance tonight at the • MIXER
/ J/uL fiivuiwL THsumfuaL TAmon, The Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
A%
As
■ii,
^4