, if
m
‘/i. v'-.’^
K/«
EDITOklAL Reveals Reason For V-12 Tardiness Volume 56, No. 53
Established 1889
Xfij()4iehd “ See New Navy Column
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
SPORTS PAGE J1 Indicates Strong ' Cross Country Team )) Saturday, September^ 1943
TWr</V7cfor/Varieties Show ConVO To Fcature Will Appear In Music Hall - .v/ll n On Saturt/ay, September 18Crooks, William Primrose
Tracy, Comedian, Will Act As Master Of Ceremonies
t
By Mario Pagliarulo Third in the series of “Victory Varieties” being presented at the University will be shown in the Music Hall Saturday, September 18, at 8 p. m. Admission will be 50c, tax included. The show is to consist of eight acts, and music for the evening will be furnished by Jack Russell and his famous NBC
orchestra.
Pinky Tracy, a comedian from Chicago, will act as Master of Ceremonies. The Stadlers, a —
dance duo from the Bjackhawk Hotel in Chicago, will include the “Rag Doll Dance” in their routine. The twelve Dorothy Byton Dancers, who were received with such enthusiasm here on their last appearance with “Victory Vai'ieties”, will return with a
new bicycle dance.
Lt. Rudy Yallee Will Assist In Third War Bond Drive
Playshop Will Hold Tryouts Fo|; First Show, 'Hay Fever'
Also to be featured in this unique
According to Mary berg, stage manager,
Lou SternPlayshop’s
show are the Three Ambassador- production of this season will ettes, an acrobatic trio; Jim Pen- Noel Cowards three-act comedy man, an intei’esting comedy jug- Hay Fever . Tryouts for gler; Dick Burns, otherwise known production will be held Wednesas the “Gastronomical Catas- Eliza Towler
trophe”, and Marvin Chandler, 13-year-old Negro prodigy who will
appear as a song stylist.
According to Albert P. Stewart, director of Musical Organizations at the University, the “Victory Varieties” programs are operated at cost, and will continue to be pre-
sented from time to time on the , , , , , , \ i . . . nouneed at a later date,
campus as long as student interest demands. Stewart adds that the coming program promises to be even bigger and better than the
last.
Hall.
The play will be under the direction of Dr. Carl Cass, new Playshop director, who is from the University of Wisconsin. The performances are scheduled for October 13, 14, and 15, with a special show for the service men on October 16. Sales for the tickets will be an-
Official U. S. Coast Guaid Photo LT. RUDY VALLEE
. . . with the “Lucky ’Leventh” War Bond trade Sunday.
Coast Guard Band, who will drum up
Hay Fever” is about an ultraBohemian family, including a house full of guests, romance, an accident, a beautiful and ill-mannered girl, bitter realization and more romance. This will be portrayed by an
all student cast.
YWCA Desires
Job Applicants Collegienne Chats
Explain Activities To New Coeds
According to Betty Hughes, YWCA social chairman, all women students in the sophomore or freshmen classes who are interested in •v(rorking on the YWCA cabinet should turn in a paper, about one paragraph in length, stating their name, home address, blassification, school address, and special interests at the West Desk of the Union before next Wednesday. The committees which might be of interest to the petitioners are as follow: office, publicity, social service, social, membership, andmternational relations. In the petition it is also necessary to state upon which committee work is desired. Sleep-Walking Freshy Rouses Hall At 1 A. M. With a sudden clang of the fire bell at one o’clock in the morning. Miss Lee Westover, head resident in North Hall awoke instantly. She dashed out of the room expecting to find some horrible catastrophe only to be confronted by a sleep-walking freshman. When asked what and where she was going, she muttered that her roommate was around someplace. ^ Finally the pajama clad freshman, still sound asleep was rather gently led back to bed. She and her roommate now place good solid / pieces of furniture in front of the door to prevent any more cuch
exits.
Frats To Rush New Students All men students desiring to pledge a fraternity are urged to sign pp for rushing at the desk in front of the Sweet Shop between th^ hours of 4 and 6:30 p. m., Monday through Friday, At present, plans are being made for a smoker, which will be held in the near future. Chief purpose of the event will be to enable fratei’nity men and prospective pledges to become better acquainted.
By Ruth Gregory Collegienne Chats, sponsored by the Gold Peppers, became an actuality Wednesday afternoon when freshmen coeds heard representatives from all women’s organizations on campus speak on the activities of various groups. Betty Wedge, president of Gold Peppers, briefly explained the purpose of Collegienne Chats. Activitives will play a vital part in the new students’ college life. Contacts with faculty members, lecturers, and other students will be made which otherwise would not be possible. The coed will not only be receiving enjoyment but also practical experience and will be laying foundations for a position in a junior or senior office. The Union Offers Many Activities Freshmen interested in a variety of activities will find it in the Union. The Union offers a choice of decoration committees for dances, designing posters, ticket sales for Mixers, and the Book Exchange. The Activities Bureau encourages freshmen to start work immediately on extra curricular activities, as this eight weeks will be a sort of exploration. The Activities Bureau is broken up into committees which do interviewing of freshmen eds, aiTange freshmen Forums, and organize surveys on student opinions. Playshop offers to the" more dramatic minded a technical training as well as dramatic for the stage. The Purdue Independent Association encourages activities for independent students on campus. Each year the PIA sponsors two large dances. Tea dances during the week have also been organized by the PIA. WBAA is operated by the students under the direction of faculty staff members. Students organize news casts, musical programs, and dramatic work. Auditions will begin around September 16. (See COLLEGIENNE, page 4)
Student Union Mackey Announces Will Sponsor Callouts For Varsity Red Cross Urive Yell leaders Tuesday
Fall tryouts for the positions as varsity cheer leaders will be held Tuesday afternoon at 4 in room 104 of the fieldifiouse, according to Foot-
ball Coach Guy Mackey.
Representatives of the navy, army, marines, Curtiss-Wright Cadettes, RCA, and Wright Field units on campus' are invited, as well
as civilian students.
In an interview Friday, varsity cheer leader Hilda Gettinger expressed a desire that a large number of girls appear for the tryouts, for as she put it “The girls seem to have more of the vim and vigor which are among , the necessary qualities of a cheer leader.” Yell leaders who are successful in the tryouts will receive training in the regular University yells and will be outfitted in gold sweaters with black numerals and black
slacks.
Plans already formulated by the cheer l^deis are to have regular pre-game pep sessions in the intramural field, to have seivice groups and honorary organizations sit together and yell as a unit at games and to distribute placards among student sections to emphasize the
yells.
Laboratory lechnipe Falls Coed In Hour Of Need Evidently four years of chemistiy doesn’t always soak in. One coed, whose name is unknown, demonstrated this fact the other day, much to her deep regret. During the process of an experiment she was required to use a siphoning technique. Evidently her recent siphoning experience had been confined to sipping cokes in the Sweet Shop, for she enhaled too deeply, imbibing a delicious chemical cock-
tail.
When the smoke from her fiery thioat finally cleared away, interested spectators could see her frantically gargling vinegar. For two dyas she has been slowly wasting away, tortured by the sight of other people eating food, while she must be content with one chocolate milk shake per meal. Univefsity Chyrch Will Sponsor Party University Presbyterian' Church will Sponsor an Equinoctial Get-To-gether Friday, September 17,
Student Union is to sponsor a Red Cross Drive beginning Thursday, September 23, with the purpose of encouraging coeds to help •vfith Red Cross work. These gills, who are urgently needed for wrapping surgical dressings, are being asked to work one hour a week. Publicity for the drive is being carried out by the Union, and their representatives will speak to coeds in the halls and sororities soon. The number of girls who have been working is so small that it is impossible to keep up their demand. Some of the sororities on the campus intend to require an hour’s work each week from every girl. Work In LTnion Sub-Basement Those wishing to woi’k should come to the sub-basement of the Union Tuesday evening from 7 to 9, and Thursday all day from 9 to 4. Anyone coming on either of these days will help in wrapping surgical dressings, but those coming Monday from 9 until 4 or Tuesday from
9 until 4 will help sew.
Coeds who do come down to work should ask for Dr. Mickel, supervisor of the work, who will assign a table and show each girl how to do the work. It will be possible for girls to work together if they
choose.
ASCE To Hold Meeting Tuesday In Civil Building American Society of Civil Engi-
neers will hold a meeting Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in Room 201 of the Civil Building. Prof. R. B. Wiley will speak on “The Advantages and Piivileges of belonging to the ASCE”. Election of officeis will be held, and plans for the coming year’s activities will be discussed. All civils and freshmen are invited.
The activities of the student
chapter of the ASCE consist mainly of providing an organization to bring Civil students and instructors in contact with one another. It arranges for prominent, practicing engineers to meet and talk with the
students. ' The social activities include
monthly meetings, the annual banquet, which is noted for student skits characterizing the instructors, and the annual fiee picnic at Ross
Camp.
Coeds To Sell Bonds This Week Lt. Rudy Vallee and the “Lucky ’Leventh” Coast Guard Band are to appear in a free convocation for students and service men tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in the Music Hall. This convocation, which is being inaugurated as a part of Tippecanoe County’s part in the Third War Drive, is to be preceded by another convocation by the same group at 2:30 p. m. to which only purchasers of War Bonds will be admitted. The “Lucky ’Leventh” band which is to appear here in one of the top service bands of the country and has played for numerous radio performances and War Bond Tours. Students will be admitted by presenting either a receipt of their University fees or by showing their schedule cafds. To those bond buyers who present red or blue tickets the choice seats will be given. Such persons have purchased $1000 bonds and those valued at $500 to $999, respectively. Coeds will be selling stamps and bonds in the Union throughout the entire drive. Until Thursday, September 30, WBAA will help in the Bond Drive by their “Back the Attack” program. If anyone wishes to buy bonds through WBAA, they do so by calling the station and placing an order. Other activities which are to accompany the Third War Loan Drive in other parts of the country are “War Dances”, war bond tour by Ringling Brothers-Barnum and/ Bailey Circus, tour of captured Jap, German and Italian war trophies, series of appearances by Father Flanagan of Boy’s Town, movie celebrities and a parade of veteran heroes. Music Room Features Military Portrait Exhibit Exhibit of portraits of military officers stationed at the University, ■painted by Roma Harlan, will be shown at a reception and preview in the Music Room of the Union on Sunday afternoon from 4 to 6 o’clock. Mrs. R. B. Steward, Mrs. D. M. Beere, Mrs. E. H. Hicks, and Mrs. E. G. Vetter will serve as hostesses at the reception. Roma Harlan, who attended the University, has painted many pictures of the University, including the one of John T. McCutcheon hanging in the foyer of the Hall tif Music. She has received many honors. The exhibit to open Sunday is done in pastel medium. It will hang by the courtesy of the University Art Committee from Sunday until October 16. Frosh Interviews To Begin Monday
\
Interviews for freshmen eds new to the campus are scheduled to begin Monday, as previously announced by F. I. Goldsmith, Dean of Men. During the past week new freshmen have received letters asking them to visit the Dean’s office for their inteiwiews. Because of the small number of men entering the University this fall it will be possible for all of the freshmen to be interviewed personally within a few weeks. The office of the Dean of Men is in the west end of the main floor of the Executive Building and office hours are between 8:30 and 4:30.
Tenor Will Open Program With Selections By Handel Second in the present season of University convocations will begin this evening at 7:30 when Richard Crooks, American tenor of the Metropolitan Opera, and William Primrose, viola virtuoso, appear from the wings of the Music Hall stage, - -— — Frederick Schauwecker will
Book Exchange Ends Present Activities; Plan For Next Term Book Exchange will again be operated by Student Union at the beginning of the November semester, and it is hoped that it will be as successful as former exchanges. All books and money should be claimed in Room 368 of the Union on Monday from 4 to 5:30 p. m., accoi’ding to Kathleen Gannon, head of the exchange. If the money is not collected by then, it will be turned over to the Book Exchange and the books will be given to the Army
book drive.
This semi-term, the system was naturally on a smaller scale, but about 600 books were taken and ap-
proximately 300 of these sold. The from
books are always sold at 75 per cent of the former price with consideration for the condition of the book.
/
Harry Reed's
Play
Band To For Dance
Harry Reed and the “Five Men Of Note” will be the featured bands at the Union Mixer tonight at 8:30., Admission will be free, but schedule or Union cards must be presented
at the door.
Harry Reed will play in the South room for all ed and coed stags, as well as couples. During the dances, stags will not be allowed on the floor, and cut-ins will be forbidden. In the North ballroom, the “Five Men of Note” will play for couples
only.
A red, white, and blue backdrop with a picture of Uncle Sam will be used for decoration in the North ballroom. In the South ballroom, the backdrop will feature an American flag, flanked by two spangled V’s. Tiffen To Hear Wright Case Chief hearing officer in the Wright Aeronautical case '■in Washington, D. C., will be Dr. Joseph Tiffen, professor of industrial psychology of the University division of education and applied psychology. Dr. Tiffen left yesterday for Washington, where he will make final recommendations to the War Labor Board in this case involving disputes over wage contracts in plants at Paterson, N. J., Cincinnati and Lockland,
Ohio.
Dr. Tiffen, as the public representative, has been serving as chairman of the panel which has been considering the case. It is second only to the coal case in the number of laborers involved. ' Profs. Leevy, Dodds Will Serve On WFA Prof. Roy Leevy, of the University Sociology Department, and B. L. Dodds, associate professor of education, who are staff members of the University division of education and applied psychology, have been requested by the War Food Administration to seive for another year on a part-time basis as regional supervisors.
act as accompanist for Crooks while Henry Kaufman will accompany Primrose. Program for the evening
will consist of:
I
Where’er You Walk, from “Semele”—Handel ' Sound an Alarm, from “Judas Maccabaeus”—Handel Mr. Crooks
II
Aria—Bach Concerto on themes of Cimarosa —Arthur Benjamin Mr. "Primrose
III
Plaisir d’amour—Martini J’ai dit aux etoiles—Paladilhe Chevauchee cosaque—Fourdrain Mr. Crooks INTERMISSION
IV
Aria—Come un bel di Maggio, Andrea Chenier”—Giordano
Mr. Crooks
V
Jeannie with the Light Brown Hair—Foster-Heifetz Hopak—Moussorgsky Jamaican Rumba — BenjaminPrimrose Litany—Schubert Caprice No. 24—•Paganini-Prim-rose Mr. Primrose
VI
There Is No Death—O’Hara On Wings of Song—Mendelssohn Land of Hope and Glory—Elgar Mr. Crooks Service men will be admitted on presentation of their recreation cards while regular students will be admitted by passports or their receipts for University fees. RCA and Curtiss-Wiight girls will be admitted on showing their present passports. Doors of the Music Hall will open at 6:45 p. m. T. K. Cowden Resigns As Ag Economist Dean of Agriculture H. J. Reed of the University announced today the resignation of Dr. Thomas K. Cowden, an agricultural economist at the University, who has accepted a position as principal economist and director of research for the American Farm Bureau, effective September 15. Di‘. Cowden, who received his B.S, and M.S. degrees from Ohio State University and his doctorate from Cornell University, was a staff member at Pennsylvania State College from 1931 to 1936. Coming to the University department of agricultural economics in 1937, he has taught and conducted research in many agricultural marketing problems. Dr. Cowden’s family will live in West Lafayette for a few weeks before moving to their new home in Chicago, where he will be stationed. Young, Ayres To Attend Two Math Meeilings On Friday Professors W. L. Ayres and J. W. T. Youngs of the mathematics department will leave the University to attend meetings of the American Mathematical Socoiety and the Mathematical Association of America at New Brunswick, New Jersey. Youngs will give an address entitled “Curves and Surfaces”, while Ayres will attend meetings of the Council of the Society and the Board of Governors of the Association,if «
I
I
Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Saturdayp September 11 ^ 1943
Purdue Exponent combined with Pilfdue iHdependent
Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After IQ p m , 5377
Bmsfhess Manairer News Editor Editor Sports Editors
rilis Murplo Mory Biltfi William H Tyson Carolyn Wilbur Rn>mond J bmitb Russell M Lipes
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors Jack Abbott R thForl Katv Howes Mad elyn Groynes Peg Steffes
Business Staff
Advertising Manager C L Gaunt Assistant Ad^eltlSlng Manager Betty Maney Circulation Manager R G Sauerman
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Ford Hay Edi^r Steffes Citv Editor Richardson Issue Editot Pagllarnlo Reporters \Vr D omn'* Hcrmai n Ot lei H ihn Caiber Mart n A i r i C c^oi> Do ham M ntr Maitohs Tue huru
Entered as second class matter at the post Jh Hafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 8 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for m sectibn 1103 act of October 3 191 authorized January 20 1922 Published on Tuesda> Thursday and Saturday mornings dur ing the yeai e\c pt c rta n vacation ponods Delivered daily by earner for $1 2 for a fa(^tbter by mail for $1 60 for a semester Subsci ptions mav 1 e obta ned at the I xponent office or at the W si D k of tl c Unioi Represented for lational advertising by National Advertls mg Serv ce Inc Colle^.e 1 ublishers Kepreaentatives 42u Madifaon Ave Ne v York N Y
Charles M. Caliis who itccived his B S I ] def,ite fioni the Uni ■ftisilv in iy]7 w IS made a M ijoi iL was announced at I ost( 1 I itld 1 ( xas pilot scliool (advanced single engine) M ijoi ( allis iinenild ol Ai ac la ii iteinity, was awiided a eoniniission in 1917 with the Uiiivii bity KOK
1st Lt. Robdrt J. Gagen Univcisity ptadiiate who leclived his degiee lioin the M L School in 191-* has been lepoited a Japanese pjisonei of wai II (jagen v\as totnniis sioned at I oit Hajis in July 1941 and was latei sent to the I'hihppintb wheie he pjcbumably was captuied
mSUIKfiTOH t*. Rtf U S KO OK kttRRY-SO-ROUMD By DREW PEARSON PiltCh-PeHny Tactics Hamper The Efficiency Of State Department,* Small Budget Means Overwork (This IS the second in the series of Washington Merry Go Round columns on the State Department, now considered the mofet implortant dgency iff Washingtoh)
*■
Why Are V-ll Late To Class? . . . Today we aie pounding out typewiitei in behalf of all V-12 students whose instiuctors d(f not dismiss class when the bell sings These students leceite demerits foi being late to class That is, they do if then instructois turns in a list of names of each of those V-12 students ttho weie late, as has been lequested by the na\y authoiities A good many instiuctois aie kind hearted about complying with this request from the nary, and seldom if ever turn in such a list Other mstructors are \er\ conscientious about their duties and nerer fail to tuin m a student’s name if he is late Fundamentally there IS absolutely nothing wrong with either atjti-
tude
But the imbination of the two simply will not work from the V 12 point of view Each instructor who ( o not report tardiness assumes that all ocher mstructors do not report tardiness either And all of the conscientious men feel that every other instructor thinks as they do The upshot of the confusion is that some of the V-12 men are being held m thfeir classes after the bell for dismissal has rung, because the instructor does not realize that his fellow pedagogues will penalize the students for being late to their next class And the teacher who sticks by the navy rules will report all students who are late to classes feeling that every other instructor dismisses classes on time as they should These practices tend to disrupt rather than aid better student teacher relationships, and because of this there should be some agreement made among the teachers m conjunction with naval authorities which will bung about some rectification of the situation Alter all, the nav y has more or less given the teachers the job of enforcing one of the naval regulations, and really no decent job of cooperation can be given by a group who disagiee among themseh es The contusion is already coming to light as can be seen by the edict given one class last Tuesday which said that if the students were late, they v^ould he counted absent The mstiLictor was evidently getting tiied of people straggling m late But how can this be right, if the men’s instructor m the class hetore held them after the bell Epecially when the V-12 students get twenty fi\ e demei its for being absent Iiom a class Five cuts and they aie no longer officer candidates —e m
WASHINGTON—We have already seen that one of the handicaps in building up efficient machinery lor foreign affairs is lack of sufficient money This IS not the fault of Congress Many tunes in recent years, various Sfenate leaders, including such isolationist inclined men as Bob LaFollette, have sent word to the State Department that they coiflfl haVe more funds for the asking Despite this, the State Department has been content to liirip along geared to old fashioned diplomacy, apparently unworiied over the fact that the fate ot the world, after the war, rests largely on its shoulders This penny pinching is paitly due to a laudable, though misplaced pride on the part of Secretary Hull in keeping down his budget But even more it is a hand me down from the halcyon days when the State Department was a rich mans club and no one was afi aid to admit it Chief damage is that today nO one »will admit it Against Higher Pay In Coolulge s day career diplomats quite openly worked rgaiiist the Rogers Act which boosted then salaries because they sincerely believed that high salaries would open the gates of diplomacy to hoi polloi and that responsibility for American foreign policy should rest only on the shoulders of the wealthy
few
Result is that today, while salaries are somewhat higher young diplomats sometimes have to scrape along on the pitiful pittance ot around $50 a week and no man can get an> where unless he has a wealthy rnle was boin with a silver spoon in his mouth, or has made a foitune of his own In addition peisonnel inside the State Department IS so limited by a scanty budget that its abldr men are wont almost ill with work In contr ist to skimpy Ameiiean salaries (a U S Ambassador gets only $17 500 plus the most meagre expense allowance) the British Ambassador in Wash ington gets $80 000 while the French used to get $70 000 All of this means (1) that Ameiican diplomats look upon our inteinational problems through the tinted glasses of cntienched wealth or (2) the man with no private income becomes so anxious about keeping his job during shifts between Democratic ind Republican administrations that he becomes skilled in the poll pairot practice of telling each Secietaiy ot State cx actly what he flunks the Secretary wants to hear
Earlier Days Furnish True Literary Societies By Carolyn Wilbur Badk in the days when University Hall was one of the main centers of campus activity, literary societies were at them height The University coeds and eds of tlie eafly l900’S WOltm mefet, one night d week, fof an evenifi^ of Iltdfdrjr ehlighten-
ment
Each society was named aftei a famous literary person with the Irving, Carlyle, Emerson—— —— lan, and Jeffersonian for the masters and old members of the day
ipen and the Philalethean and outlmed the walls fiurodhlphian fbr the womep Pforid Of Roster
It would never have occurred Each socrety pomted with pride to the Victorians to have men rosters contamnig the , „ ^ r ii. u names of prominent Alumni ihclud-
and women as rPembers of the sarhe „ ^ , j ^
^4. , ing GeorgC Ade and John McCutehsociety, so the progressive women ® j ^ , -l. ^
“It’s nice to have the children visit us regulatly, noW—even if it IS only to use our washing machine
students organized then own groups The Iivihg Litdiai;^ Society, the pioneer organization on campus, was foundfed in 1875, and three years later, the coeds, not to be out done by the Ids, founded the Phila lethean As years went by, new so cieties were founded, some as out growths of the old Met In University Hall The societies held their meetings on the thud floor of Univei sity Hall Then meeting places were levei
eon and sttch honorary ifleihbery as James Whitcomb Riley apd Lew
Wallace
Rivalry between the societies was more severe than between the fraternities and sdioiitiel of thfe day Once a year the student body turned out for the all important “annual”, which was an invitational affair with each society providing one evening of liteiafy ertteltain-
ment
Oombiiled Debate, Drdifia
The literary societies of early times combined the functions of our
WBAA Schedule Radio Stage will present this Sat uiday at 1 p m over WBAA “The Pussy Cat and Plumber Who Was A Man,” a fantasy—light and entertaining This play is produced, acted ahd directed by students Monday at 12 46 p m begins a senes oi talks compiled by the members of the Exchange Club which will be dealing with various phases of the war effort Prof R H George will introduce the speaker of the first talk on Inflation”, Mr W W Fleming 920 Kilocycles SATURDAY— 10 30—News 10 45—Morning Melodies 11 00—Music 11 15—Safetj Program 11 30—Music 11 55—News 12 00—Treasury Star Parade 12 15—Meet The Band 12 45—Markets 12 55—News 1 00—Radio Stage
10 05—Off the ail
ently spoken of as “halls”, the word , ,
seeming to imply rooms of elabo- Piesentdaydebateanddramaticoxlate furnishings Each society tried societies comto outdue the others in decorating a prominent place because
Caution And Fear In either case timidity caution fear become the guiding instincts of the State Department This is es pecially true when the gentleman it the helm hid a great record for fearlessness in his younger dajs but h IS been content to rest on his oars since To sum it up m the woids of Dean Acheson who had more sense of humor before he became Assistant Secretary of State State Department policies take then eue from the Pullman car sign Quiet is iequest ed for the benefit of those who ha\e retired ’ Around Secretary Hull as a result of this system are gathered the most delightful and charming group of dinner table companions to be found any pi rce in Washington Most colorful IS Bieckiniidgc Long, whose appointment as Assistant Secretary of State was first consideied a real achievement for the Middle West, since it broke awry from the unwritten lUle that no top Slate Department officials should be appointed from west ot the Alleghenies Breck ’ comes from St Louis, once lan tor the Senate against Jim Retd but has long since shaken off all traces ot Missouri mud foi the horse> aioma ot Marjland
Charming ''Breck'
Wealthy but ineiudite Breckinridge Long is la mous for his St Louis mansion in which he once entei t lined Maishal Joffie iiid the Marquis de Chambiun foi his Maryland plrntation Montpelier Manor wheie he once entertained the Piince ol Wales, and loi his gracious millionaire wife the loimei ChiisLint Alexander Graham whose gicatest passion in life is
bridge
Ihe Longs enjoyed three exciting jears in Washington during the last war when ‘Breck” was 3rd Assistant Secretary of State undei Wilson and they have clung to it ever since During twelve lean years ot Republican rule, Brtck” managed to keep leasonably happy by dabbling at law and on the horses at Pimlico I hen after a hehvy contribution to Roosevelts campaign in 1932 he was appointed U S Am bassadoi to Rome Iheie he distinguished himself loi his general geniality a mild case of Mussolini worship, and for telephoning from Rome during a crisis to disetlss confidential matters with the State Department with the GESTAPO and OVRA obvitnisly listening in Chafed At FDR's Policies Back 111 Washington a kind hearted President hds kept him on as Assistant Secietaiy ol State, partly because Mi Hull likes him partly becaiUe “Breck” and I DR weie Little Cabinet membeis together back in the Wilson Administration All this despite the fact that Bicck has chafed at some ot Roosevelt’s war jiolicies and once in the Metiopolitrn Club, let his high squeaky voice use above the dignified silence with this piotcst ‘I tell you the President is diaggiiig us into War against both Gernlaiiy arid Japan'” Breck’ long is one of the good heaited souls around Mr Hull in whose well mcanilig, dilettante hands ait entrusted the peace jilans foi which tett mil lion Amtritaii joung men are hgliting (Anothci Uicw Pearson column on the State De pailmcnt wilffollow soon) (Copyright, 1913, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc )
30—-Music 56—News 00—^Stoiy a Day 15—Petite Musieale 45—-Musical Roundup 56—News 00—-Afternoon Melodies 15—WAVES Recruiting 30—Tea Time Tunes 3 65—News 4 00—Tea Time Tunes 4 30—Just Relax 4 45—News 5 00—Little Miss Muffett 6 30—Go to Church Sunday 5 45—Sports Review 6 00—A Minute of Prayer 6 01—Dinner Hour 6 55—News 7 15—Home Defense 7 30—Music 7 66—News 8 00—USO Quiz Show 8 30—Nautical News 8 46—Eventide Echoes 8 66—News 9 00—Union Mixer 9 30—Anything But Swing 9 46—From the Press Box 9 55—News
Try An Exponent Classified'
MONDAY— 10 30- News 10 46;—Morning Melodies 11 00—“Rural Sociology”—Prof O P Hall 11 60—Purdue News 11 65—News 1^ 00—Farm Forum 12 30—Meet the Band 12 45—Exchange Club 12 55—News 1 00— Home Makers Club of the All 1 15-—Music 1 30—Music 1 45—Markets 1 55—News 2 00—Story a Day 2 15—Music 2 30—Music 2 55—News 3 00—Mny Louise Reppeit pia iiist 3 15-—After noon Melodies 3 43—Music o 55—News 4 00—Tea Time Tunes 4 30—lust Relax 4 45—Thoughts With Bert Hodge 4 56—News 5 00—Little Miss Muffett 5 30—Vespers 5 46—Sports Review 6 00—A Minute of Prayer (! 01—Dinnei Hour C 65—News 7 00—Trade Winds Tavern 7 16—Trade Winds Tavern 7 30—South American Way 7 55—News—Dramatized
its hall
Irving Society m taking posses sion of their new hall held an im pressive dedication service with two governors and several university
presidents attendirlg , , , , , rr„ii . i school in great numbers and condr-
Cailyle Hall was elegantly pa- ^
the students felt that iii a technical school additional training was needed along the literary line With tne beginning of the first world war, interest in the societies began to wane Boys were leaving
peied in the style of eighteen hun dr eds It was equipped with a com plete and costly set of furniture, suitable for a society hall The president sat on a very ornate, highly polished chan behind a carved desk Photogiahs of literary 8 00—The Bookman 8 16—Bob Brown pianist 8 30—Wake Up America 8 45—Eventide Echoes
8 55—News
9 00—Musicana 0 30—Anything But Swing
9 55—News
10 06—Off the air
tions were too unsettled for those remaining to concentrate very ear(See EARLIER DAYS, page 3)
CHILDREN'S! CLASSES OPEN SAT., SEPT. 18 BALLET TAP jUNIdR ^ALUOOM CLASSES DIVIDED ACCORDING TO AGE PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S.
KHIIIk Sfarfs TOMORROW Tliriiimg 1 Story of Rommel's Five Secrets That Might Have Won Him the Desert War!
ARC COOL WASHED AIR
SUNDAY - MONDAY
The Spectocyiar Romance Of AmerieP’s Greatest Adventure!
- and -
miHlliVMORE SRMHDONIIVY ‘ "
Henr/ Danlell ttlsldte Wyotl Oiivld Clyde Gevln Muir
— ALSO — 'MERCHANT SEAMAN' This IS Aitierica Senes
LAST TIMES TObAY ''FIGHTING BUCKAROO'' ''X MARKS THE SPOT" SERIAL — NEWS
IRVING mm'slL
mm em:
BENEFIT OF ARMY EMERGENCY RELIEF FIjND
IT HAPPENED ON A HONEY^OItil Love in the morning—and flight frbm murder at YiightI The •os-'’ pense is tbfriflc—dhd Joan dnd Fred arb jOst the palYld ihaKbfh# most of bV^ry O^cfldYi-iMtkaii mornerttl
Starting TOMORROW
LAST liMii TbbAY
cinuerrre
COLBERT
PAUiinf ,
GODOARb
VERONICA
LAKE iny §i^ptefHbit 11, 19^3
ArmXt Murtne News ta"*T-'■ ifii ' -' I -T 1- '■ ’mrmMW Mm; SySeMce Med
Psych Instructor Blights Sailors' Joy By Breaking Up Class With Coeds
Jh^ 3Uji£hf SjBUp
By Jay Newman
\n!
By Bill Garber, A/S
„ „ ' , ^ * THE NAVY ARRIVES FINALLY
(w ^ “We ar^ JltSffe, iLafayette,” as Geneial Peishing mutteied upon ariiving Singing was in our neatts, ndrps ^.jjg gbcwe^bf I'ratice and piepaPwig to penetisAe d^ep into the inteiior
j Tlie SCTtl^li' of psj^ciiology which ]y aloof
12 n a Theie are leally only a few trivial difFeidPces be f»hr222£2 2'’ r2l\ l"*" "a f twee« Perswih^g having said his famous xemaik, and oui having said
aie, in dase you
Tltorsdtty toortt, tSife fltoh of doofway i-dcing ds, Mtihk m hfeali Prof C M James by ftkme to a have gi own vitally interested in the subject duiiify the last ffew mbhients
Septernber. It Was on this day, a lows, were h dozen pretty maidens nod in oui diiectidif h§ buist dtii„ a4y Whert^prdyers were answered, “Could this be our class’” we heaven with a few simple words tnSl *{(re’"iidd dhd of but cherished askbd ddrselVes We b&ck6d out and “ThbSS Whb wish may rfelbaill, blit feyiVdd that of a looked up at the room number Af the psythblbgy dfd^f^bdiif^fihldhh
fel&Ss ter wildly digging fol otii program, room 20'?”
■* #bt«l«g dil' at' 6 ih, td a cbld, we found it and compared room ^he aecomPanrng
As they coincided, we laughter of the maidens, and to our
'K^dy ihoffilfr^ Wd little numbers
thaf m Would be “the” again tried to walk into the rbom, 11; itf 1 ,1^. ji _ , , , muiier ing ai ncKie late
Footbratl Setl6dfri6
dfty ” Th^ fOtitihe reffibindd the hoping that the milage would not ^iyerhig, rhbrihrig eallsthen- disappear—it didn’t We continued fb ‘B&tf'deks*, rhSke up to walk in, with more attention this Irohhl, blioW dbWW, aUd an the mel- time to what was going on about
' th^ frthke up life ih the us.
^ Taking our seats, we continued to L^atibg For Class marvel at what this world had tiehving ioT class, we still come to Here, in the same room Mdiight the rfay ordinary, except with sailors and marines, were tjub^^ ft was a little cooler than usual women The wmld surely was colff6r Sbptembet Arnving at the Bio- lapsing about us logy Building, we took dui place As we watched, other men walked is the ^tfeyiSWlrig line, wktdhing and in, stared, turned back, hesitated at the fdlfer sex as they the dpor and then advanced with iSfhhte'thd liast, hogds held dbhcate broad grins covering their faces
M?J i
Sept 18—Great Lakes—^There Sept 25—Marquette—Therb
Oct 2—Illinois—‘Here
Oct. 9—Camp Grant—Here Oct 16—Ohio State—Cleveland
Oct 23—loWa—Here
Oct 36—Wisconsin—There Nov 6—Minnesota—There
Nov 13—Open date
Nov. 20—Indiana—There Buy War Bondd And Stai^pS
Enter Your Photographs Now!
Army^—Leave Photos at Battery Orderly Rooms Navy—Marines—L^ave Photos in Room 137 I ill 1 r W. Cary Hall All Servicemen—Leave Photos in Exponent Office (Union Bldg.)
Exponent jService IVtenp Beauty Contest
1 Diffeiencb m purpose The good general was interested iri en gaging the enemy and winning thfe war We only want to iribet odr deadline every week, and if We even Win three steady reside!s we shall be conient to sit back and rest—bn our laurels, of coutse 2 Difference in ability We won’t go into this nghhnovV 3 Difference in method of attgck After wading ashore and indicating his’’presence to the unseen Lafayette, General PeiShing plunged right into the thick of the battle in an attempt to end it irt a hurry We, on the other hand, have required nine weeks of indecision before deciding to write a column We’re not yet stire how oUl efforts will he greeted, nor who will be on hand to do the greeting, nbrhow long We can keep going before the Captain catches up with us We’re somewhat of a mess, so to speak, whereas you wouldn’t
dare Call the general a mess
4 Difference in lanjc We are not, as the reader may have guessed, and So far Show no signs of ever being, a general or any part thereof We are not 0^011 an admiral as yet (Wfe sent in our application papers, however Unfortunately, there’s been nb reply from Washing tbn ) 'i For those who have by now grown positively fascinated with this sort of thing, We refbr you to Newman’s new book, “Me and Geriersil Pershing”, which has somehpw or other failed to receive much publicity from the reviewers A domparison of differences begins on page 10 and continues
until the end of the book, page 411
• A DECLARATION OP POLICY It being an avowed purpose of the Navy to keep all of its business clear and lucid, we proceed to an explanation of our plans and future policies First, we shall print as little of the interesting news as possible Second, we shall indulge incessantly in sly bits of scuttlebutt (rumor, to you. Landlubber), concerning Naval personnel, and shall attempt at all times to blacken the reputation of the Marines, to the end that everyone will hate us and quit borrowing money from us And thud, ijre shall attempt to print all contributions from readers, who may be sober or not at the time of their contributing, as it makes little difference to us Along this line, if anything unimportant and prefelably untrue should occhr, rush it 1 ight over to the Exponent office and we’ll print it without delay Kindly do not attempt to clutter up the column with stray bits of reliable information, however We’ie devotees of true scuttlebutt and yield to no other' Hic' • HOW TO SAVE TIME AND RUSH PEOPLE Regardless of what else its critics may say, the Navy never wastes time if it can help it Consider the case of one A1 Meyer, A S A1 was cordially invited by written invitation to drop m on Yeoman Bernard Weiss and have a chat whenever it might be convenient Grabbing his hat he chased over to the V 12 office, and announced himself to his host “Ah, yes,” said the good yeoman,” glancing through his files, which contain some four thousand tons of paper, “A1 Meyer, eh’” A1 said, “Yes ” “You were supposed to indicate your preference on this piece of paper,” quoth the good yeoman getting right to the point as a busy man is wont to do, “as to whether you’d rather get a degree from Purdue, or from Cincinnati, where you formerly went to college Instead, you merely write, ‘undecided’’” “So I am,” said A1 “You’ll have to decide ” “I’ll have to have time,” stated the victim, defensively “I will give you some time,” announced the good yeoman, bringing forth his watch “Go far away and come back in a minute with your mind made up ” So A1 did as he was told, and came back in a minute with his mind made up, which makes a rather weak ending to what is an otherwise agreeable story, even if it doesn’t contain some sex Incidentally, Purdue waS the university finally selected by Al, which is a point for our side
History Class Gets Treat * . # Lt. Comm. Kegley Acts As Lecturer Guest-lecturing in the 8 a. m. naval history class recently, Lt Commander I. M Kegley offered the members of the class several sayings of famous naval heroes, and asked the class to name the men Who had first uttered each remark. The V-12 students, who were sailors and marines both, seemed to know their naval background quite well, for Commander Kegley said he was pleased at the results of the quiz The Commander Stressed the importance of knowing these statements, sayfng that they were a source of the pride which IS the heritage of the every American naval officer Following are thfe remarks upon which the class was quizzed They ' foim only a small part of the many famous remarks of the heroes of the United States Navy, according to Commander Kegley See how many of these sayings you can identify, giving the names Of the men who said them, and the incident prompting them 1 1 “Don’t give up the ship ” j 2 “You may fire when ready ” 3 “Damn the torpedoes Go
ahead ”
4 ‘ I’ve not yet begun to fight ” \ 5 “After you. Pilot ” Iw 6 “We have met the enemy,
and they are ours ”
One other remark should be included It was said at the beginning of the present war, but has already
He wanted to be a BROTHER to become as important a part of our I suggested vitamm^histoiy as any of the piecCeding re-
marks
irie So
pills
A$T Purchase ^ar Ponds Monthly AST officers and enlisted men have bond allotments amounting to $3,931 25 every month according to Captain Iivm Johnson, Acting Assistant Adjutant Thfe enlisted men invest $3,800 while the offiieis contribute $131 25 of the total amount Army regulations provide for a voluntary Class B allotment in which specific amounts are deductfed from the soldier’s pay. each month When enough money has been saved, the bond is sent to the man or to his beneficiary Buy War Bond^
Earlier Days (Continued from page 2) nestly on weekly debates, discussions, or talks United After War As the war colitmued, some of the societies Were forced to unite m Utdei to survive The early interest never letuinfed even after the close of the wUr, instead, the organizations grew less and less in popularity with practically the Only recognition of the remaining societies being then pictures m the yearly Debris Today the sole surviving relic of the once famous, all important campus activity—the literary societies, IS an ornate, ugly looking chan formerly used by the presidents of old which was recently found in University Hall covered with dust after years of idleness
Reflections At Random
By
Pvt Gordon Gilchrest, USMCR By Pvt Gordon Gilchrest USMCR Now that it has become necessary to see the Sergeant to see the Gun nei to get his permission to even go down ton’ll, it seems rather appro priate to print this little poem aboul the good old chain of commands The General calls the Major and puts him on the scout The Major shooes the orders ofi on a shave-tail Lieutenant The Lieutenant stands pondering and rubs his sturdy jaw Ihen calls the trusty Sergeani and to him lays down the law The Sergeant calls the Corpora and tells him what’s to be The Corporal calls the Private and that m> friends—is me” Well, the Marines and Abe Lm coin—’they do it the hard way The Company E “Junior Com mandos” can be seen sky larking “topside” almost every night Ii must be great not to have to studr to get grades' We are glad to see Harry Kieidei out of Sick Bay aUd hobbling aioum again However, Gordie Rifee, one of the North Dakota “giasshop peis” has just had an appendec tomy Best regards for a speedy re covery, Gordie Joe Ponist seems to have taken new interest m life lately, could it be the arrival of the Mrs in town’ Another Fourth Platoon man, Joe Johnston, received one of those co veted appointments to West Point
7 “Send us more Japs” (Answers 1 Captain James Lawrence, aboard the frigate Chesapeake, fought a losing battle off the coast of Massachusetts in the war of 1812 Lawrence was taken aboard he victorious British ship, Shanlon He died four days later In his lehr rum he had still been in battle, ind kept repeating the words, Don’t give up the ship ” 2 (^onimodoie George Dewey’s rider to his captain, upon entering Manila Bay to contact the Spanish leet in the Spanish American War. 3 This statement is to be found ngiaved on the base of Admiral David Faiiagut’s statue in Washngton D C During the Civil War, it the Battle of Mobile Bay in the Mississippi, Faiiagut, aboard his lagship Hartford, was warned by a ly of “torpedoes ahead” The Adniial, intent only on victory, houted, “Damn the torpedoes' i^out bells' Captain Drayton, go ihead' Jouett, full speed'” 4 Perhaps, most famous of aU, his war cry was John Paul Jones’ eply to British Captain Richatd Pearson, when in the Revolutionary vai at the height of a three hour rattle Captain Richard asked Jones t he was prepared to strike his olois Although Jones’ ship was rn r bad shape, and he was fighting a ationger opponent, he kept fighting until the British themselves surren-
dered
Commander Craven’s gallant order to his pilot when both were trapped aboard the doomed Tecumseh which sank thirty seconds after it struck a torpedo in the Bat-
tle of Mobile Bay
6 After a long and bloody battle iwith British forces on Lake Erie in
(RjdL?
Phone 4681 H 0
DELIVERY F^EE
Northwestern at Vine Street
It seems as though the brains of# , 4; ,010 a
r. -c War of 1812, American ships
Company E he rn the Fourth with, victorious Commodore Oliver
two men receiving appointments inJjj
t e as inon f ment in his report of the battle to Some kind soul ought to under^ General Harrison This was not, intake the task of introducing Frank ^dentally, the same Perry who McGill to his roommate. Jack later forced Japan to open her ports Peffei Jack sees so little of him foreign trade ' that he is beginning to wonder who « t 4,1. i 4.J.1 4, w 1
, , 7 In the classic Battle of Wake
the fellow in the upper bunk is t 1 1 j 1. , .or.
Island, during which 439 marines
Coipoial Ciawfoid has recently under Major James P Devereux retaken up ping pong and golf for gjg^ed repeated attacks from overhis recreation Is the date situation ^iielming Jap forces, the Major rathat tough. Corporal’ dioed to his superiors, “Send us
It is a good thing that his drill more Japs'”
team doesn’t have bayonets on their
rifles or someone is liable to be de- r ■ w u »|| capitated Dale DeMott and Jim jefYICC flen M3y VfOfK Johnson both came home with sou- i f Venirs of the ‘ Queen Anne Salute” On Dramatic Productions
the other night 'Vll in all, the drill
team looks plenty snappy and at- Service men who are interested la tracts a large gathering every time any phase ot dramatic work may g# they drill to Eliza Fowler Hall during their
Under the leadership ot Chuck free time
Motliei the Company has formed a T^e Purdue Players is offering bt^sketball team that should show a opportunity to men, with or lot ot promise Any opposition will -without experience, to take part in be welcome as the boys want games acting, stage work, hghting,nrake«
With the ban on travel to Chicago, Indianapolis, and Blooming ton some of the boys who have been forced to stay around a week end have discovered that the new coeds aren’t so bad after all—but that’s lif^ yoli have to take the bitter
with the bitter
up or any one ot the many bianche*
that make up dramatics.
Boy War Bonds
And Stdmpsk i
i « I
w ‘I** ^ /
PiageS
PoilermaRer Efforts
M
Saturday^ September 11, 194S
Boilermaker Backfield Lineup Not Decided With the Boilermakers’ 1943 season opener coming up next week end Coach Elmei Buinham has called for another Saturday dlrill. Pxactice will begin this afternoon at 3. A backfield combination is still undecided Lewis Rose, sophomore electrical engineei fiom Hobait, was shifted from left to right halfback the other day as Buinham sought to bolster a weak spot on the Riveter ——
Naval Air Officer Candidates To Finish Training In Texas Naval Air Officer Candidates stationed at the aiipoit will not be
eleven, weakened by the temporary loss of veteian Ed Cycenas due to a knee injury Rose, a shifty 180-pounder, who won his freshman numerals here last fall, shared the right halfback position with Keith Parker and Ed Geikei both Marine
V 12 tiainees from Missomi DimanchelF Joins Squad
Boris “Babe” Dinianchelf, a trans- formally graduated, but will be fer student from Butlei has been tiansfeiied to Dallas, Texas, to playing right halfback also Altei complete flight tiaming, aftei nating at the other backfield spots they will leceive then Naval were Tony Butkovich and Leo Milla, Wings, accoiding to Lt Com E G fullbacks, Jim Dan and Sam Va Vetteis They have been stationed canti, quaitei backs and Stanley heie foi seven months Dubicki and Bill Stkuit left half- Naval An Cadets who weie jjggjjg shipped heie August 31 from MonLikehest Looking Line College, Monmouth, Illinois, Possible foiwaid wall combina- leceive not only primary flight tions also began to take foim One ti lining but also giound school and
of the likeliest looking lines had athletics
Joe Buscemi and Bill Lodge at ends, John Gems and Mike Kasap, tackles, Alex Agase and Dick Baiwegen, guaids and Lou DeFihppo centei The squad has devoted its mam attention to a lengthy dull on passing, offense and defense Yesteiday the team spent time piacticing punting and punt leturns Veiy lit tie time has been spent in scum maging lately, as Coach Buinham feels that it more impoitant to have the squad members leain the finei points and to impiove then foot-
woik
Notice All candidates foi positions on the Boilermaker cheer leading staff, both civilians and service men, have been called to attend a meeting on Tuesday afternooiv at 4 o’clock in Room 104, of the fieldhouse Ihe initial meeting will be in charge of Hilda Gettinger, ope of the coed cheei leaders of last
Qn, JhsL, ^hjUAchsA. University Piesbyterian Church North Street, Neai Grant Rev John W Findley, Minister 9 30—Student Class led by Di G
H Giaves
10 30—Morning Woiship Rev
Illinois-Camp Grant Contest Opens 1943 Cross Country Team Gridiron Season Today In Champaign Beams Conditionina
TlTinme anH r!aiYin riinruh will nf- ' "
Illinois and Camp Giant will of
ficialiy open the 1943 football sea- Dewar In Soldier Backfield The Boilermakers’ chances of having a winning combination son in Memorial Stadium, Chanj- At the tail back position will be m cross country are very good, according to Coach Phillips, paign, 111, today Enthusiasm will jj^my Dewai, triple threat star reported for workouts which are held evfill m 101 expeiience loi the Illini from Indiana, at the wingback, , , 4. a t? ^ •.TT/^r^v qy\A q ‘half thp football squad which IS probably the Tony Stoiti, foimer illini Fiesh- ery week-day evening at 4 For the next week and a half, the most inexpeiienced gioup in uni- man stait, and at fullback, Corwin men Will run three miles each evening This will get them in
veisity’s histoiy The team is young Clatt of Notie Dame Both Non and and inexpeiienced, since the men Dewai aie excellent passeis, Stoiti who weie expected to be the nucleus an effective blocking back, while of this year’s squad aie now playing clatt combines tiemendous powei
foi the Boileiniakeis Eliot, Illini-Coath
Ray Eliot staiting his second yeai as head of football at Illinois, will send his young and inexpeiienced eleven against a sound, matin e, and seasoned Soldier team which includes both college and
Fall Track To Feature
with unusual speed
Winl Sollball Starts Monday, Sept. 13
shape for the time trials w,hich will be held at the enji of this
conditioning period.
Coach Phillips is planning to use four outstanding runners for the nucleus of the team. Tom Judge fiom Indiana has been
Tiack Coach Homex Allen an- doing veiy good woik, and undoubt, nounced today that he plans to hold will be of leal value Bill
an inter squad tiack meet on Sep
Findley will speak on “A Mattel of „ , , ri u in
, 1 piofessional playeis Coach Eliot Values” Miisic will be furnished by , _ , _
the choir with Virginia Archei dilecting and Virginia Bianting at the oigan 5 00—Sunday Evening Fellow-
ship
has been dulling his men in defen- evening, Septembei 13, with a piac-
-.-.r , r, „ 1, 1 tembei 18, providing the fiist com-
Waid Softball will start Monday
tice game There will be a total of eight regular games, and the best eight teams will be in the play-off The game will start promptly at 6
Notices
International Relations Club will hold its next meeting on Tuesday evening at the University Presbyterian Church lounge Discussion will center around South American affairs and Senor Bemg no de Pereyra of Bolivia has been tentatively scheduled to speak At this meeting the new faculty coun selor Prof A E Koenig will be introduced to the members
I
Students Branch Members of ASME who
have not received July or Au^ubt issues of
Mod anical Eng please pick it up in 304 ME Building —LEUTWILER Tau Beta Pi Keys for new members are
1 ere Get them at 506 Russell any week day
aftei 7 p m or when ever you can con tact me —WORMSER Sophomore and Junior Civil Engineers Arc you thinking of your future as profes bional engineers’ Attend tnlk on Advan
tages and Pr vileges of Belonging to the
ASCF by Prof Wiley on Tuesday Sep
tember 14 at 7 30 p m Room 201 Civil
Building —FREITAG Student Senate Regular Senate meeting September 13 as bcheduled —THOMAS Christian Science Organization Regular meeting Tue day Sept 14 at 7 30 p m in loom 30 Union —WATT All Students The party at the University Presbyterian Chutch announced for Satur
dav Sept 11 has been postponed to Friday evening Sent 1 This will avoid conflicting with Victory Varieties and the Richard
Clocks concert —FINDLEY Dolphin Club Meeting on Tuesday Sep
tember 14 at 15 p m in room 104 of the
Fieldhouse Plans for Aquacade will be dis c ssed —MURPHY Tau Beta Pi Meeting Thursday Septem
bci 16 m the Union Room will be anno ince 1
latei —HANSEN Gold Peppers Meeting Monday at o i m in AWS office Will have paddles
—WEDGE
Wesley Foundation
Methodist Student Center Corner State and Sheetz Streets Methodist-Episcopal Church Chauncey and South Streets Rev E R Balsley, Minister
9 30—Chuich School
10 30—Morning Worship Di Otto S Steele will pi each on “A Tiue Peispective ” The music will include “Welcome, Welcome Deal Redeemei ” by Cesar Fiank, and “Lo a Voice to Heaven Sounding” 5 15—Evening Fellowship stu dent suppei at 20 cents a plate
6 00—A discussion on the theme youngsteis.
sive and blackboaid work this week in ordei to meet the aftack of the
Camp Giant squad
Djespito the loss of last year’s let-
teimen, Coach Eliot is optimistic ^ , ...... , , . 1 , cipants be theie promptly
about the outcome of today s game He is confident that with a bit of luck heie and theie, he can suiprise some opponents who think that youth and inexpeiience are insurmountable handicaps That optim ism, pins a lot of haid woik, ac counted for Illinois’ lecoid last yeai, when the Illini tied for thud place in the Western confeience
Camp Grant Improved
Camp Giant is rated a better team than the 1942 squad by many critics howevei, the game is not ex pected to be onesided The Illinois
many of whom aie
p m , and is essential that all parti- Weather Hinder Training,
Belle from Illinois, who took fourth place in the National Collegiate Meet last yeai, will also be in there.
^ , , . , Eiicson, a man fiom last year’s Ovei sixty men have tpined out . , , j i j „„ . ..i.„ .n. fieshmen gioup, has developed very
rapidly, and has displayed very fine running ability Exler, who formerly ran the three quarter mile fot Missouri, has been having trouble
for the team, one of the largest turnouts for fall track in recent
years
The following is the schedule of ei, the team has been limited to get-
ting into condition, but staiting Monday the team will begin tiain ing for specific events, each man tiaining foi his specialty This will continue thioughout the week, to be
This last week, due to cold weath- with an injured ankle, however, he
the piactice games Monday
Diamond—
1— Owen vs Luma 2— Chauncey vs Rochdale 3— Circle Pines vs International
House
4— ■‘Dover vs Ward 1 5— Ward 2 vs Ward 3 6— Ward 4 vs Ward 5 " 7— Wardfi vs Ward 7 9—Ward 8 vs Ward 9 9—Ward 11 vs Ward 12
should be in good shape for the season’s first meet Other men who will see plenty of action are Young,
Pi ice, and Mansfield
Several meets have keen definitely scheduled while otheis are still in
climaxed by the inter squad meet tentative foim The Indiana meet on Satin day will be held October 23, and the Though plans have not as yet Wisconsin meet will be held Octobeen completed two or thiee dual bei 30 The Western Michigan, meets may be scheduled this fall Confeience, and the State meets with Indiana, DePauw and Butlei Will be paiticipated in, but no date Univeisity as the opponents has been set foi these events as yet.
Collegienne
“Undeistanding Ouiselves’ led by fieshmen show a tiemendous Di H E Wilkenmg assistant Dean amount of enthusiasm, and they of Men The entiie piogiani will be will Icain as they go along Defense ovei in time foi the convocation will be Illinois’ biggest pioblem and 8 30 Monday—the cabinet will almost any tuck will have an excel ,
meet in the Religious Council room lent chance of succeeding against w ich es ablishes hours for
(Continued fiom page 1) 4WS Directs Girls Activities
Thiough AWS opeiate the Date Buieau and executive and judicial
of the Union
then line Camp Grant has speed and powei, these, combined with de
coeds and othei coed regulations The Student Senate represents
Hillel Foundation 116 Sheetz Street Rabbi M H Simon 10 30—Seivices at Fowler Hall
Classified Ads
Typewriters Adding maenmes all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeo graph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Mam, Lafayette Phone 2779 Money to Loan On diamonds watches, guns luggage typewriters Albert s Ixian Office 407 Columbia Room for instructor or graduate student Private entrance separate bath Call 69 6
or 71362
St John’s Episcopal Church Sixth and Ferry Rev R r Thornton Minister 8 00—Holy Communion 10 45—Morning piayci and sei mon on “Oui Faith” by Rev Thom ton The music furnished by a choii oi boys and men will include ‘ Love ly Appeal” fiom Gounod’s Redemp tion
at
Tau Beta Pi Meet nff will be held in room 0 f the Un on Thurbday Sept mber lb 30 p m —HANSEN
Catholic Students Newman Club bicdl 1 ist S I day in St Mary s Auditorium foi lo vinu 9 30 mass Be theie
—ANDERSON
All Activity Heads Please submit applica tion for io ir activity s looms in the Un on Buildii p no 1 iter than Sci tember 15 to tl e Pu due Student Union Pailuie to do this will indicate that no rooms are desired
—WOOLLING
Novice Pistol Pirst novice pistol group will begin Friday September 21 Students desiring to fire in this gioup should sign up lor this instruction in supply room of the Armoiy —DOWN
Waiters wanted to work in fraternity -A-'l Mets Important organisation meeting house Those interested call the steward "lutsday Sci tember 14 Time an 1 place to be Larry Fleischman 24 ounced latei —GLOWER
St Mary’s Catholic Church 12th and Columbia Rev Edward Holland, Student
Pastor
6 30 8 00 9 30 a m —Mass
3 00 to fa 00 Situiday afternoon cago Loyola
—Confessions
7 30' p m Saturday—Confes
sions
Aftei 9 30 Mass, Newman Club will hold a bieakfast m the school auditoiium This is the fiist bieak fast of the semi teim
ception will make the Warnois on the nioie judicial aspect of the Uni the giound veisity The Senate places student
^ Dioblems and opinions before the Illinois Without A Letterman istiation
Illinois will field a staitmg eleven YWCA’s mam objective is to Satin day without a letteiman It make the new student feel at home will be captained by Ralph Palmei, Recieation and social woik foi the the only senioi on the squad Eliot undei pi ivileged is planned foi the IS also depending on thiee left half coming year WAA stiesses physi backs Eddie McGovern who led the cal fitness and relaxation thiough
nation in scoiing last season as a spoits
membei of the Rose Poly eleven ruture Chats Planned i,°*^TiT foiicei legulai on Those interested in trying out for the Missoni 1 squad and Eddie Biay oiganizations may call AI Camp Giant has a haid chaiging belt P Stewait Duectoi of Musical powleiful In e with Bill Hubei and Oiganizations, and ariange foi a
Sim Goldman standouts it the tiyout
wing positions The backfield will be
diiected by peino Non foimeily of given by Dein Coolidge on studying the Chicago Beais and one of Camp undei the shoitened ^emestei plan Giants four man coaching staff. The meeting is scheduled for next headed by Lt Robeit Eiden of Chi Wednesday at 4 15 p m in the
Horn- Economics Auditoiium
Followers of Joan Crawford and Fred MacMurray will be happy to
The next Collegienne Chat will be know they aie seen together toi the fust time in M G M’s exciting film,
‘ Above Suspicion ’ coming tomorrow to the Lafayette Theatre The story deals with a honej moon couple n ho mix a little business for the Foreign Intelligence in their European tiavcls Aiding and abetting them are such fine pei formers as Conrad Veidt Basil Rathbone, Reginald
Onen Felix Biessart Richard Ainley and Biuce Lester
Wanted—Waiter wanted in houi>€ Approximately 17 hour: Call Henry Marshall 2390
- , , PIA Board Meeting of PIA board Mon iraternity 13 at 4 p m in PIA office Call wecK 2o63 if you cannot be theie Important —WARNER
Room furnished for firing furnace Odd Exponent Ad Staff Meet 1of ad staff jobs extra See C L Burkholder Purdue Monday it 4 i m for new and oil id staff Horticultural Building Please be there —GAUNT
Lost—Scheaffer black and green striped founpain pen with name Lloyd Knight en graved Rewaid 5021 Typewriter service C L Gunkle Phone 6943 latest—K & E Log Log Duplex Decitr g Slide Rule Call R C Barnes at 1061 Reward Wanted—Purdue students to work Thurs day and Saturday evenings as waiter Ex perience not necessarj Good pa> and shoit hours Elks Club Apply Frank Lenihan Wanted—Student help to work at Cary Hall Good wages Apply at Scivice Office All members or alumni of Sigma Alpha Epsilon on campus please call 6028 after 6 P m for information of interest (sigi cd) E A Wiggers
New Exponent Editorial Staff Workers Expo scho I for new ed tonal workers will neet Mon lay at 4 p m ii th Exponent office New voikers must be preesnt —W ILBUR Reamers Monday Sept 13 room 263 Br ng Debris —SWANIZ Eta Kappa Nu Keys aic in Meet in HKN readirg loom Mondaj Sei tember 13 at 4 p m —COS!OS Purdue Players Georges Theta Alpha Phi Impoitant me I ng Monday Sept 13 it 30 p m n Eli/a Fowlei H 11 Fartwell p irty foi Ross —STERNBERG AA Hocke> Callout Monday September 13 1 ractice Monday Wednesday and Fri d ly 4 to 30 Extra practice Thursday at 4 1 m All coeds invited —CAMPBELL
DON'T OVERWORK! SIT DOWN AND TAKE IT EASY BY READING ABOUT CAMPUS RESEARCH IN THE SEPTEMBER fijuUvdusL ^nqin&sJv
Beffy San fane
Sweateis respond beautifully to American’s drycleaning Our unique methods ease out soil, film and perspiration perk up weary colors make textures soft and fluffy Rejuvenate that sweaterskirt combination by sending it to Amtiican today
HELP IflillEO We have part time jobs open for Experienced Grocery Clerks
and Meat Cutters.
For further information call: H. J. PESHA, Phone 2820 Any Morning Between 9 and 11