^ ' f t ^
^ ' f t ^
, 4
1
’H- ^ \
’H- ^ \
\r
OTlic Pursue TSxpattent
Read Dslily By 5,000 Students Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVlil
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATURDAY, JUNE 5, 193t
NUMBER 107
Amelia Flies 960 Miles Of Jungle To Fortaleza
By Amelia Earhart (Copyright, 1987, N«5W York Tribune, Inc.) Fortaleza, Brazil, June 4—^The weather at Paramaribo was perfect this morning, except for a morning mist from the Surinam River, when we took off, to skim the tree tops and then pull up. Speaking of trees makes me realize we flew over 960 miles of jungle today. This, added
Last Mixer Dancers To Hear Norvo
40 Ag Seniors Accept Jobs
More than 40 of the 66 seniors in the school of agriculture have already accepted positions according to a statement released by Assistant Dean V. C. Freeman yesterday. Of the remaining seniors nearly all have several positions imder consideration. Only a few of the seniors are going back to the farm. The majority of the class will be identified with canning factories, feed mills, fertilizer plants, and the chemical departments of oil companies while others will become assistant county agricultural agents, vocational agriculture teachers, research men in dairies, and foresters.
Giblette Has Position In Employment Group Edward M. Giblette, University graduate in the agriculture ilass of 1914, IS now employed by} the National Reemployment Service in Minnesota. His position is assistant district manager. The National Reemployment Service is affiliated with the U. S. Employment Service under the Department of Labor. There are 26 offices in Minnesota, and in the first four months of the year the service has filled 9,000 jobs.
PUBLICATION SCHEDULE
Because of final examinations only one more issue of the Exponent will be published this semester. This issue will appear Tuesday, June 8. The first issue of the Summer Session Exponent will appear June 17.
to water hops totaling 370 miles, made a long but interesting day. There was only one possible stop between Paramaribo and here, a jungle-surrounded and none-to-large field at Para, which, as all went well, we passed by. No Weather Reports The infrequency of ports of call made land plane fiying somewhat uncertain. Then again, we left too early to receive weather reports. So I was very glad to see Fortaleza sitting just where it should be, according to the maps, between the mountains and the sea, a beautiful
spot.
We stayt tomorrow for Natal, Brazil—not so early as t^ual, although the habit of rising at 3 a. m. or thereabouts is becoming ingrained. Natal To Dakar Natal is only 267 miles away. We plan there to prepare for the South Atlantic hop (Natal to Dakar, in French West Africa, 1,870 miles). That means not only making the plane ready but having shirts laundered. After seeing my plane put in the hangar for the night I hope to have a chance to see something of the city from the ground. Of course we saw much of it from the air on arrival. Sometime I hope to stay somewhere as long as I like. (Editor’s Note: Through the generosity
Tonight, in the Memorial Union ballroom, at the last regular mixer of the year, the Purdue Union will present Red Norvo’s swing band with his “Rockin’ Chair liady,” Mildred Bailey, as featured songstress. Though his band has been organized for less than a year Noirvo has won fame as a xylophonist and his organization i(s nationally recognized as one of the most popular swing bands. Red Norvo and his orchestra have been playing on the “Tuesday Night Swing Concert” program and they were recently featured in a March of Time newsreel. Other engagements they have played include the Commodore Hotel in New York and the Blackstone Hotel in Chicago. The regular mixer admission price of one dollar will be in force tonight.
Mother^ Daughter To Get B.S. Degrees
Greve Speaks On Pumps At Water Works School
of Miss Amelia Earhart and the co-opera-tion of the New York Herald-Tribune, the Exponent is able to bring you exclusive daily accounts of the 28,000 mile flight around the world which Miss Earhart is making in the Purdue “Flying Laboratory’’
plane)
(Herald Tribune Syndicate)
Miss Veronica Brady, instructor in the physical education department, talked before 4-H club members at Indianapolis yesterday. Her topic at the Junior leadership conference was “Posture.”
Prof. F. W. Greve, of the civil engineering school, will speak at the annual Water Works Operators’ School for the southwestern district of Indiana to be held at Vincennes on June 6. Professor Greve will speak on the subject “How To Efficiently Operate Pumps.”
Two bachelor of science degrees—two identical names— for the first time since the founding of Purdue a mother and daughter will simultaneously be graduated^ The pair are Mrs. Mildred L. Fitch and Miss Mildred L. Pitch, wife and daughter of Prof. W. Q. Pitch, of the University agricultural extension division. Miss Fitch has majored in bacteriology; her mother in modern language and history; Miss Pitch is a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority; and both are members of the science honorary. Delta Rho Kappa.
University Plans 63rd Commencement June 13
In order that parents, friends, and otlieni may attend the Commencement exercises this year, for the &rst time in the history of the University, the exercises wiU be held on Sunday. Plans have been completed for the occasion which wiU be the sixty-third annual Purdue commencement. The date is June 13.
In line with the policy which
Woodworth Called To Bedside Of Father
Robert C. Woodworth, of the University publicity bureau, was unexpectedly called to Chicago last Thursday because of the illness of his father, Phillip B. Woodworth, who tmderwent an emergency appendicitis operation. The elder Woodworth, whose residence is in Glen Ellyn, 111., is a well known consulting engineer, and was formerly president of the Rose Polytechnic Institute at Terre Haute. He was also a member of the Michigan State college faculty.
ROTC Students Will Meet At Two Corps Days Next Year
For the first time in the history of the Corps, there will be two Corps days next semester. According to an announcement made yesterday by Major Guy O. Kurtz, of the Military Department, the division was necessitated by the fact that only three regiments at the most, can drill in the Armory, and it would be better with only two. Hence the two Corps Days—one on Tuesday at 11 a. m., and the other at Thursday at 11 a. m. The first two regiments will meet on the Tuesday hour, and the third and fourth regiments will assemble
at the call of the Thursday bugle. Unofficial report has it that half of the band will play for the first corps day of the week and the other half at the second. Another modification to be made in the system for next year is the addition of a new battery to each regiment, bringing the total to 32 instead of 28 batteries in the brigade. The new batteries are needed to provide positions for next year’s freshman class, the largest in the history of the school, according to all indications. ''
was adopted several years ago .there will be no formal commencement address, but Governor M. Clifford Townsend will deliver a civic charge to the gnraduating class. Degrees will be conferred on approximately 700 graduates by President E. C. Elliott. Rev. L. Doyle Mullen, pastor of the First Christian Church of this city, will pronounce the benediction and invocation. Class Numbers 832 Burr S. Swezey will induct the members of the senior class into the Purdue Alunmi Association, of which he is president. The tentative list of candidates for degrees shows 631 for bachelor’s degrees, 52 for master’s or professional degrees, and 20 for doctor of philosophy. This number added to the 71 who completed their courses last August, and 58 who finished in January will swell the total of the 1937 class to 832.
Announce Fall
Rush
Prog
ram
Having accepted the plan proposed by the committee in charge of rush rules, the Women’s Pan-Hel-lenic Council announces the following regulations for fall rush. There will be one week of rush, deferred until the first Saturday in October. On that date, the sororities will entertain the prospective pledges at teas. The following week there will be a series of informal dinners, closing with preferencenight dinners. Pledging will be held on October 9. The remaining rush rules that have not been announced will be sent to the girls who plan to attend the University.
1500 4-H’ers Expected At 19th Round-up
Coming from the very ends of the state, over 1,500 4-H club members, are expected to attend the nineteenth annual roimdup, to be held here at the University the 16Hi, 17th, and 18th of this month. Programs are being sent to drib leaders, county agents, and any others who will chaperone the township and county winners. Three Days Of Contests The custom of past years, of having three days filled with contests, has been preserved, with agricultural and home economics contests the main events. This year the health contest promises to be the most contested, however. The winners in the health and other contests will be sent to the national contest in Chicago as state rep^ resentatives, November 27 to December 3. Recreational Program Besides the competitive side of the session, many recreational activities have been planned. Talks will be given by Dr. Smith, T. A. Coleman, acting director of extension, Dr. Thurman B. Rice, of the Indiana University school of medicine, who will present the health contest winners. Dean Mary L. Matthews of the school of home economics, and others.
EXPONENT WORK SCHEDULE Workers for Monday night, June 7, are: Bailey, night editor; Richey, issue editor. Any staff member who has no examinations Tuesday should report for work at 4 p. m. —BROCK.
FINAL EXAMINATION SCHEDULE
Purdue University
. Schedule of Semester Examinations Second Semester, 1936-1937
Senior Classes End Saturday, May 29, 12 M., Other Classes End Tuesday, June 1,5 P. M. The following abbreviations are used for departments and buildings:
AD—^Applied Design AE—^Agricultural Engineering Ag—^Agriculture AgCh—^Agricultural Chemistry Agron—Agronomy AH—^Animal Husbandry AM—^Applied Mechanics B—^Biology ChE—Chemical Engineering Chem—Chemistry CE—Civil Engineering C&T—Clothing and Textiles DH—Dairy Husbandry EA—^Engineering Administration Ec—Economics Ed—Education EE—Electrical Engineering Engl—English Ent—Entomology FMgt—^Farm Management F&N—^Foods and Nutrition For—^Forestry G—-Michael Golden Shops GE—General Engineering . Geol—Geology ‘ ' Goy—Government Heav—Heavilon Hall Hist—History HA—Home Administration HE—Home Economics Hort—Horticulture IM—^Institution Management Math—Mathematics ME—Mechanical Engineering
ML—Modern Languages MM—Materia Medica MT—Military Training PE—Physical Education for Men PEW—Physical Education for Women Phar—^Pharmacy PhC—Pharmaceutical Chemistry Phys—Physics Poul—^Poultry PM—Practical Mechanics Pur—^Purdue Hall Rec—Recitation Building SC—Stanley Coulter Hall Sm—Smith Hall Univ—University Hall No. 2—^Building No. 2
The examination will be taken only at the time indicated in the schedule except in case of conflicts for irregular students. Any such conflicts must be adjusted by consultation with the instructor in charge before the opening of examinations.
Examination periods for graduate courses should be arranged with instructor if they are not scheduled.
*Examinations will be held in the same rooms in which the divisions regularly recite.
Period 11 SATURDAY, JUNE 5, 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Boom AE 11 0,D * AH 142 All * AM 2 A,C.DJ,XI * B 2 Fri.9 SC 211 B 20 All— * ChE 109 A * ChE 138 All Chem 2 U-Z,AA-AD ^SdlOl Chem 2 AE-AJC EE 129 Chem 2 AL-AN. Ed 201 Chem 30 - B CB308 Chem 120 —AU * CE 35 All CE201 C&T 129 —-AU * DH 8 AU- » Ec 1 A,XA Phys 202 Ec 112 AU SO 14 Ec 128 AU *
Ed 9
AU
*
Ed 128 -
AU
Ed 177 „
AU
EE 50 —
All
^JBE129
EE 7 -
All
#
EE 151 -
All-.—
Engl 3 —
A,XA
Engl 14
Q,XB,S.
•»
Engl 14 -
T,U,V.XU.
*
Engl 14 .
B,
-Univ 302
Engl 14 -
XV
Univ 201
Engl 14 .
XS
Univai
Engl 16 -
B,XB
*
Engl 109
AU
Engl 60 -
AU
*
Engl 115
AU
*
Engl 132
—AU
*
Engl 121
C.
«
Ent 101 -
AU
*
Engl 121
D
Univ 101
For 6
All
Engl 126
AU
•»
GE 110 „
—All
ME 207,108
Engl 140
AU
•»
Geol 4 —
AU
#
FMgt 8 -
AU
^104
(3oV 9 —
A-
*
GE 104
B
3E254
Gov 9 —
XA
JBE254
GE 104 „
0
*
Hist 3
A—,
ME 103
Gov 10
Mon. 11.
—seal, Phys 202
Hist 3 -
B
Hist 1
B
«
Hist 16 -
A-_.
ME 3
Hist 3 -
D
Hist 107
A__
Hist 103
AU
Hort 26 -
AU
Hort 202
IM 142 ..
AU
HE 202
IM 35
AU
MathO-
AU
«
Math 4 _
L,XL,M,N.
Math 3 -
D,XD—
Math 11 -
A,N
*
Math 4 -
O-U
*
Math 14 -
*
Math 11 -
M
«
Math 118
AU
* #
Math 106
AU
*
ME 94 -
AU
ME 91 —
AU
ME 126 -
AU—*
GlOl
ME 93 —
AU
«
ML 24 —
B
« «
MB 121
AU
•
ML 44 -
_-..B
«
ME 128 „
AU
«
ML 64 -
B
MB 144 -
All
«
PE 34
AU
»
ML 21...
AU
«
PEW 92
AU
*
ML 24 -
C
»
Phar 30a
—AU
ML 41 -
—All
*
Poul 108
AU
*
ML 44
C
PM 11
A,B
*
PE 32
AU
Ed 6
PM 12 -
A,B
-CE 101, EE 322;*
PEW 58-
All
EA208
Phar 36.
AU
Period 12 SATURDAY, JUNE 5, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Boom Agron 126 —AU * AM 1 QJT CE201 B 31 AU * B 100 AU SO 114 ChE 30 AU * ChE 134 AU G201 Chem 1 A-E ME 108,207 Chem 30 A Ed 101 Chem 30a —AU Ed 101 Chem 30b —AU Ed 101 Cbem 106 AU * ^em 182 AU - * Chem 246 —AIL Chem 320 CE 21 All * C&T 2 AU HE 107,108,109 DH 104 AU » Ecl2 0-. SC 4 Ec 121 B ME 103 Ec 126 AU G101 Ed 4 B * Ed 75 B— Ed 201
Period 13 MONDAY, JUNE 7, 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Boom AgCh 108 A,B,E * AE 21 AU * AE 130 AU » ATT 11^ All * B 2 ----"I”Pri."8—r_SCl4lM7EdM Chem 2 A-L Ed 101 Chem 2 M-Q ME 108 Chem 2 ;^S,T,BO, BP ME 207 Chem 3 AU G101,102 Chem 109a __AU Chem 3^ C&T 25 AU HE 216 Ed 13b AU * Ed 124 All * EE 12 AU * EE 20 A-F,M EE 129,134 Engl 5 E * Engl 5 —,„P- Univ 102 Engl 129 AU * FMgt 105 —All AgllS
-HE 107,108,109
*
P&N 1 AU F&N 20 All.
P&N 23 AU - :«■ Gov 20 AU Hist 16 B ♦
Hist 117 AU Hist 122 AU MBS HA 172 AU HE 202 Hort 21 AU : Math 152 AU Math 228 AU * ML 46 AU PhC 8 AU
Poul 26 AU
Period 14
MONDAY, JUNE 7.1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Boom Agron 15 —AU * AM 1 H.I,K,N,0 ME 108 AM i J,LXN,P ^CB201 B 51 AU SCIOS CE 22 AU ^CaB301 Ec 1 G MBS EE 17 AU EB129 Engl 3 B Engl 10 E ^UttivlOa Engl 14 N,0,P Engl 19 M3.0.XO Gov 10 ^Tu 10 seal Math 3 G,XG ,* Math 4 A,Bj:,PME 78 AU ME 114 PE 38 AU * PhC 9 AU * Phys lb —AU ME207 Phys 35 AU Ed 101
Boom
—soai
Period 15
TUESDAY, JUNE 8. 8-11 A. M
Course Divisions B 1 AU B 54^ AU B 119 AU Chem 2 AO-AB-— Chem 2 AS-AV, Chem 2 .....AW-AY—. Chem 2 AZ3QDH 16 AU Engl 1 A,B.C,H Engl 1 DG Engl I r,J Engl 31 A-P-,.... Engl 31 .G-K._ Geol 107 AU IM 38 AU... ME 62, AU ML 42 A-OH-K—, ML 56 -,-,AU
——OESPS --—Phys ^2 ,G101
ZKios
ME 207 mm —BE 129
_CE20t
Heav 208
301*312
—.-.,-Bdigt'^7
pippppi
’.-'UWiV-V;
^ •' ; *.' V 4^' r < " T>V {;; /-)* ^ y,',
' PTTpmrti'i?VPntirtnMT k ni6rr
THE PURDUlfe EXPONENT
Saturday, June 5,1937
S(ie ^urbae exponent
Founded in 188S
nKpmcuBNTcn ron natiomau AovenTiiiiNa by l^tionai Advertising Service, Inc CoUeu PmbUshtn f*pr*sentath>t 4AO Madison Avfc. New York. N-Y. Chioauo - Bouton - ban Francisco LOS ANOELKS » FORTLAND - BEATTUB
l^j^^us ue^ud post
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
BmlnoM Phone 6088
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
iMitorial Phene 6087
BdHor-in-Chief—4-ManaKine Editor.: Associste Editors..
Bold and Black Editor
EDITORIAL STAFF ^ j. E. Brock ■■i);"A. BaiieyV‘U C. D. Schr^er, H. I. Stanback, D. B. Vmcc Beth McCooI
BUSINESS STAFF
Bosiness Manairer..
Assistant Business ManaKor National Adrertisine Manager. Local Advertfsing Manager.
Circnlation Manager.
;D. C. Miller ...J. P. Girard .W. J. Gillilan .R. R. Hensler
!!....Jd. C. Reeves
SPORTS STAFF
Editor-
:B. F. Obenchain
Associate EdHors..
U. & Brown, R UrMcDonald, B‘ D. Witwer
Editor.. Associate Editors..
WOMEN'S staff . _ Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Read The Whole Book
As the last question on a final examination in one of his courses last semester a University professor wrote, “Do you wish now that you had studied more for this examination. Undoubtedly the answers to this question would prove interesting, but the question might have been stated more pertinently, “Do you think now that your method of studying for this examination was well chosen?” rx,, Studying for finals is no joke for most students. They settle down and really put in long hours of studying. But how often
do we hear the post mortem comment, “I studied aU last night
for that final, but I didn’t study the right things.”
This is good
disconnected facts, without any attempt to assemble them and learn how the principles, formulae, or facts worked together. ,, , n . J To learn a course well one must adopt a well planned study campaign. A logical method would involve outlining important divisions of the course either on paper or mentally. After separating the course into these divisions, which usually occur naturally, each division must be thoroughly learned. Then the next and most important step is to learn the connections be-
the unified course. Many sudents go so far as to make complete and comprehensive outlines of their courses. After they learn all the material under the many topics of their outlines, and also learn how each topic is connected with every other topic, they are sure that they know their courses “cold.” Taking a course in a university might be compared to reading a book of many chapters. In class “chapters” are taken up at random, picked apart, and mastered. Then when the time comes to study for the final exam, if the student is wise, he “reads the whole book” in uninterrupted sequence. After all, the main purpose of final examinations is just that —to urge the student to “read the book.” Any student that effectively accomplishes this will find when he goes into his j i -H. I. S.
Gd-Edrts
At the end of a School year, some revision of courses in most departments will be undertaken. Instructors will try to remedy faults th6y found in course organizationj content, and conduct. Nevertheless, students in the revised courses in future semesters will notice faults, or feel that they could improve the particular classes by changes. Instructors will continue revision, but still both student and professors will be dissatisfied.
Granted that courses will never be arranged to the satisfaction of all concerned. Would it not, however facilitate matters in course revision to have representative students from courses in question called in to discuss organization and content with instructors? Stfidents could offer opinions, tell what they wapted to get and wherein classes fell short of their hopes, and suggest possible ways of improvement. Certainly some impossibilities would be suggested; but also some constructive ideas would be found. The system of student consultation would encourage student co-opera-tion and student consciousness of the difficulties and real aims of college curricula. The feeling, to piany students, that they could help remedy flaws in a course might allay somewhat the feeling of struggling through a hopeless required course prescribed for them by lord high master minds of wisdom. Would not the student interest, cooperation, and the satisfaction aroused by allowing them to express themselves about matters so much a part of their academic work justify the time necessary for the students and instructors to gather around the board for discussion ? Asking students to write their candid opinions of courses at the end of their final examination papers, which is done in some courses, is a step in the right direction. Why not go on to personal discussion and criticism, and see if better results and more satisfaction about a challenged course could be obtained ?— —D. J,
One JOE GODFREY froxn the DU domicile has acquired a new Chevrolet somewhere in the shuffle . . . However, he won’t let any of the brothers borrow^ or refit it for fear they’ll scratch it all Up . . . It was a different story when JUDY “Queenlie” JONES came over and asked for it ... He lent it without question ... Later in the evening he was seen pacing the floor wondering what had become of it . . . What’s the score ? ? ? . . .
SYNONYM APPROPRIATE TO THE SEASON: It’s as easy as rolling off a logarithm ....
Air Gathering Here June 9
Plans have been completed for an instructive aviation gathering at the University on June 9 as part of a statewide program of aeronautical education for the general public. This gathering is sponsored by the aeronautics committee of the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Gommerce in conjunction with the University and the student branch of the Institute of the Aeronautical Sciences. J. Munroe Johnson, assistant Secretary of Commerce of the United States, will be the main speaker at the banquet, which will be held at 6 o’clock in the evening in the ballroom of the Memorial Utiion Building. Opens At Noon The day’s program will open at nooii with an “open house” in the aeronautical laboratories in the Mechanical Engineering Building. At 3 o’clock in the afternoon the group will assemble in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building to hear a lecture and demonstration by C. P. Dickey, of Wright Field, Dayton, 0., on recent tests
ARC
SUNDAY AND MONDAY
James Cagney in “The Great Guy” —and—
—also— “March of Time”
LAST TIMES TODAY “High Speed”
“Postal Inspector”
^Undersea Kingdom”
and studies in propeller vibration. Capt. George W. Goddard, of the U. S. Air Corps, will present an illustrated lecture on “Aerial Photography Over Alaska” to conclude the afternoon’s program.
When the registrar at the University of Montana suggested an “excellent course in foreign rela-^ tions to a Chicago applicant, the fellow answered: ‘“I ain’t interested. All my folks live right here in the United States.”
SUNDAY — MONDAY
LAST TIMES TODAY
Charles Starrett
“Two Gun Law” —and— Roscoe Karns
‘Night of Mystery”
WBAA
—TODAY—
11:00—Just Kids. 11:30—Guest Program. 12:00—Market Reports. 12:1S—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Footnotes on the Headlines. 12 :45—Tune Time, Charles . Powell. 1:00—Radio Steee. 1:30—St. Boniface School Band. 1:46—Saturday Musical Review.
Things seen around campus: WOODY CARROLL drinking a lot of chocolate sodas in the S. S. . . “Strong ’n Handsome” JOHNNY FRANKS spending his spare time in the Chi Omega backyard ... A total absence of couples wandering aimlessly over the campus in the moonlight ... Looks of worry, disgust, elation, and unhappiness on the faces of my fellow studinks ...
‘Papa, what’s a grudge?” ‘A place to keep automobiles, my
—^Please . . no bricks . .
ROSIE MILBURN’S philosophy ... Eenie Meenie minie moe, I pick my favorite lovers so; Perhaps in days to come I’ll know As nice a way to let them go.
Teacher—Why is- the equator where it is? /johimy—Well, the map makers had to draw a line somewhere!
That’s all for today . . . more on Tuesday, I hope . . .
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. BWK DR. ROBERT G. RlBR DR. LUTHRR A. RWK
MO Seholts Bldg. Phono S701
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING
for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
EVERY WOMAN MUST MAKE A FOOL OF HERSELF OVER
TOMORROW
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By t-iehty.
“Something for the ladies—or a fine vintage for yoiir own consumption?”
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Ice Cream - Popeopn Two Summer Foods Created for Health Dad’s Place • • • So Handy
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
mw
COOL FOR YOUR COMFORT
STARTS SUNDAY 2 Features 2
Thrill to the excitemerit and drama of this swift story of a doctor of the airways . . . Downed by scandal... Raised by love ... Redeemed by fighting grit!
TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Preston Foster
Outcasts of Poker Flat
High Hat
Frank Luther Dorothy Dare
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30 ‘The Man Who Found Himself”
-and—
Attaboy, Pat! Stick 'em Up Killer! You may have done your stuff in “Black Legion” . . . But now you’re up against the. toughest cop who ever pounded a pavement ... Or busted a jaw!
obrieu^
Porky Cartoon
miiirFT
Vf
sr*'
THE ImBUE EXPONENT
Phi Kappa Psi Wins Participation Trophy
Phi Kappa Psi annexed the coveted participation trophy foi: the second consecutive year when they nosed out the Phi Belts by two points. The final count was 646 points for the Phi Psi’s and 644 points'for the Belt’s. This year’s race was almost the same as last year’s, the only difference being that the Phi Psi’s
won by a margin of four and
one-half points last season instead of two. Awarded Annually The participation trophy is given annually to the fraternity^ which has participated most completely in intramural sports. The prize is a large trophy which bi»tfelhsses any other award given. The Phi Psi's can thank Beta Theta Pi for their victory. The Beta*s defeated the Phi Belt’s 6-2, 6-S in the ihterfraternil^ terihis doubles Wednesday and Thursday. If the Phi Belt’s had won this match they would have earned five points, which, would have given them a tie with the Phi Psi’s. Since they were beaten, they only received three points.
Bray, Lovell Return From Inspection Trip Inspecting radium refineries, gold and silver mines, driving through country where homes were sometimes 60 miles apart, and visiting “ghost” mining towns where rich mines once flourished were only a few of the many interesting highlights of a fecent trip to Canada taken by Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the chemical engineering school, and Br. C. L. Lovell of the same school.
^^^^ifcifcTfc********* ******•*'*
STANDINGS
★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★ A A A A A
—National League— Won Lost Pet. Pittsburgh 24 14 .632 Chicago 24 16 .600 New Vork t 24 1*7 .685 ^t. LCuis 19 19 .600 Brooklyn 17 20 .469 Boston 17 20 .469 Philadelphia 16 28 ' .419 [Cincinnati 13 ^6 .342 Te6t«rday*8 Results Boston, 9; Pittsbxrrgh, 1. St. Louis, 14; Brooklyn, 4. Chicago, 6; New York, 5. Cincinnati, 9; Philadelphia, 8.
—^American League— Won Lost Pet New York 24 14 .632 Cleveland 21 16 .683 Chicago 20 17 .541 Detroit 22 19 .637 Boston 16 16 ..500 Washington 18 22 .450 Philadelphia 16 19 .441 St. Louis 11 26 .306 Yesterday’s Results Cleveland, 6; New York, 3. Detroit, 10; Washington, 3. St. Louis 7; Philadelphia, 6. Chicago-Boston rained out.
WE PAY 40%
CASH
For Second-Hand Purdue Text Books
H. G. "DEAC” REISNER BOOK STORE
Iw'CharlieRUGGUS GOOFY AND WACKY'/ - ELEANORE WHITNEY
and iOHNNY DOWNS
romancin'OANOn'BNTMNCm'
, KENNY BAKER ''k K- - '<L. oACKBeNNYS wiosmeTsmoBR Vj x 'r. PHIL HARRIS _ N.
*
AND HIS TACK BBNNY . ORCHESTRA ^ BEN BLUE
H/r
LAST DAY— George Bancroft in “Racketeers in Exile” —and— Sally Blane in “Great Hospital Mystery” Sturts TOMORROW
LUMA
Fage thrm
I, fielder’s,... I ^ ...;choice By Bill Fifield
In the line of baseball averages in the Big Ten, Arnold BVedewater was the only Purdue jntcher that stayed in a complete game ... He pitched 62 1-3 innings in six games . . . gave up four earned runs, 30 hits, and eight bases on balls, while striking out 46 . . . However, the Boilermakers won only two Big Ten games . . . Two of the regulars batted above .300 . . . Dean batted .318 and Breslin, next year’s captain, batted .378. — We from the Phi Psi house finally nosed out the Phi Belts by two points to win the |larticipation tfol>hy r . . Our grand total was 646 while the Phi Belts totaled 644 . . . Perhaps W. F. Berg, freshman Phi Belt should be given honorable mention ... He finished second in the freshmen tennis singles, second in the fraternity singles, and second in the fraternity class “B” tennis doubles. —^fc— “Frosty” Fields, senior independent from Kokomo, received the annual Reamer athletic award . . . . He was given a total of 21 points for his participation in different events . . . One point was given for participation, one for second place, and one for first place . . . Frosty was runner up in all campus squash and badminton^ and captain of the varsity squash team.
193 7 Home Economics Teaching Graduates Secure Positions
The following members of the 1937 graduating class in home economics teaching at the' University have secured positions for next year: Regina Kelly, of Fairbanks, will teach home economics and physical education in the vocational department in Wea Township, Tippecanoe County. Mildred Mills, of West Lafayette, will teach home economics and English in the vocational department at Eden, Hancock County. Alice Stair, of Buck Creek, has •been employed to teach home economics and science in the new vocational departments at Clarks Hill and Stockwell. Margaret Tyner, of Goldsmith, will teach home economics and English in the new vocational department at Mt. Comfort, Hancock County.
DR. A. M. miON DENTIST
119 Vi Vine West Lafayrtte Phone 4965
PE School To Offer 6-Week Coaching Summer Course
All phases of coaching, physical education, and recreation will be covered in a comprehensive six weeks course that will be offered here from June 17 to July 29 as a part of the regular summer session. Prof. George T. Stafford, of the University of Illinois, will be in direct superivision of the graduate courses, whil^ regular members of the Purdue varsity staff, including Noble Kizer, Mai Elward, Ward Lambert, and Mel Taube will be in charge of the representative coaching courses in all sports. Graduate Courses Included The summer curriculum in coaching and physical education will include not only the required physical education courses for teaching licenses, but graduate courses that may be applied toward advanced degrees. Professor Stafford, who will come to the Purdue campus for the first time this summer to direct the graduate work, has a national reputation for his work in remedial gymnastics, health and hygiene. He will personally conduct two graduate courses and will also be available for conferences regarding individual problems of the students in regard to physical education administration and instruction. Plan Recreation Program In addition to the undergraduate and graduate courses, the athletic department will promote an attractive program of recreational activities for the student body as a whole with Prof. M. L. Clevett in charge. Among the activities already being planned will be tennis, golf, and horseshoe pitching tournaments and popular game periods which will provide for participation in such activities as ping pong, volleyball, badminton, and various group sports.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor ( Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
KEYS
Keys for Trunks, door locks. Desk locks, Nigrht latches and padlocks. Auto keys and Handle locks a specialty.
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son
Phone 2828
209-11 N. 5th St.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
HAYWOOD’S
Retail Department, Fifth and Ferry St. . . . Lafayette, Ind.
Fields Awarded
Reamer’s Club Cup
F. E. Fields, a senior in the school of physical education, was yesterday awarded the Reamers Club award, a cup, given annually to the unorganized senior who has amassed the most points in intramural competition during,his four years here at the University. He had a total of 21 points. R. R. Stewart, with 15 points, and C. A. Wallace, with 10 points, were second and third, respectively. L. O. Buxton, president of the club for this year, made the award. In winning the award. Fields won points in squash, in which he won his varsity letter, ward tennis, badminton, baseball, basketball, volleyball, soft ball, horseshoes, and second place in the “perfect man” contest.
Design Winners
R. C. Kany, M. C. Cook, and J. C. Woodson have just been judged the winners in the Purdue Engineer cover design contest. Each winner will be given a ohe year subscription to the PuTdue Engineer for the next year.
UODEN IVICE
P' r;
RINTING Olic* SluBcuity . . IfSddiiS iuviMoM
«^628 CAMEL'S AosiPBiafi'
Elect Perry Manager Of Baseball Team
W, E. Perry, junior mechanica!, was elected manager of next year's baseball team last Tuesday. Five sophomores were chosen as next year’s junior managers. They are A. H. Beard, J. W. Beers, R. J. Meuhlhausen, H. E. Burkhardt, and W. C. Martin.
Previously there were only two junior managers elected, but a change was made this year because it was thought th^t with more trying out for senior manager there would be a wider field of candidates from which to choose.
Present Awarded
Paris Fellowship
Dr. R. D. Present, instructor of physics at the University, has been granted an International Research Fellowship for a year of study in Paris. This award has been made in recognition of Dr. Present’s outstanding work in the theory of nuclear forces, a piece of work which has been recently claimed by Professor R. E. Wigner, a leading authority in this field “as the most important progress in this field during the last year.” Dr. Present has been granted a year leave of absence, and will leave for France early in July.
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
641 Main St., Lafayette
We appreciate the nice business you have given us during the past school year and solicit your work when you return next fall.
To you who have finished and will not be back, we wish for you the best of luck in your new field of work. We thank you.
» American Laundry
To a brand new xouple with big ■itieds ; y y dhd drbudget hdf sd big|
^ir-Cmditimed
COOLERAtOR COSTS $100 LESS I
A modem air-conditioaed Cooleratoc keeps foods fresher . : . prevents rapid drying out... gives you plenty of ice cubes in o^y 9 minutes. Yet it actually costs as much as $100 less than you’d expect to pay. Prove these statements in your own home by trying Coolerator free for 10 days. Select any model—see for yourself the big advantage of Cooletator’s patented air conditioning chamber.
FOR YOUR FREE TRIAL CALL
Lafayette Ice & Cool Go.
PHONE 5978
FOURTH AND SALEM
? I
J *
iieiiiHMiliailiiliiAl
ibs. jtts.; i':
Pimir
THE PURDtm EXPONENT
Harding Attends Two-Day Meeting In Chicago, IIL Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the school of electrical engineering, has just returned from a two day session of the E. C. P. D. committee in Chicago which has been inspecting and accrediting the engineering colleges of the middle west. During the previous week Dr. Harding attended the meeting of
the Board of Directors as vice-pres-ident of the A. I. E. E. in New York. Enroute he visited his son C. P. Harding, Jr., M. S. E. E. 1933, who is now refrigeration engineer of the General Electric Co., at its Cleveland headquarters. Dr. C. B. Aiken and Dr. Harding will be in Washington, D. C. tomorrow and Monday as witnesses in the hearing before the Federal Communications Commission in defense of the University Radio Station, WBAA, against other stations operating upon the same frequency.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
M
1
ost for your
money
deal warm weather food
L
iked by every one
K
nown for purity
Why not call us to deliver daily to your home? Phone 5015
\
SUNSHINE FARMS
For Rent—Three-room furnished apartment for summer or year. Also student rooms for summer. 203 University street.
Wanted—Available !feor men who will be looking for living quarters in Detroit, Mich., after graduation; room in private family. If interested call at 323 King avenue, Detroit, Mich. Telephone Trinity 2-0908.
Summer Guest Accommodations —Paying guests in private home on Lake Charlevoix, Mich. Enjoy the comfort and beauty of a northern resort without intruding upon friends or renting a cottage. Boating, bathing, fishing. Modern conveniences. Reasonable rates by the week or day. Details on request.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop In tha VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6059
R, J, BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
Your Clothes Will Prove Yon Are Right
/
in choosing Crown Laundry as your Dry Cleaners too.
SEND US YOUR WASH SUITS
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Address the Misses Latta, 1016 First street, W. Lafayette.
Wanted—Summer school student, 2 for room or one for room and board. 221 Waldron.
36 Name Cards—25c. Choice of types. Kane's Print Shop, 401 S. 29th street. Phone 5205.
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Scabbard and Blade—Call for membership certificates at the Phi Gamma Delta house. —BAKER.
N. Y. A. Workers—N. Y. A. checks for the period ending May 10 are ngw available in the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE.
Skull and Crescent—Sophomores who ordered keys get them at the Sigma Phi Epsilon House. Others may order at any time before June 8. —HARDIN.
Purdue Plying Club—All ship payments and fees must be in by June 5. —DOSTAL.
Gimlet—Members may obtain Gimlet keys at the Sigma Chi house before June 6. —HODGDON.
Commencement Tickets—Those who have asked for extra commencement tickets get them at the Union desk. —OHAVER.
Registration Workers—Sti^dents who wish to work for the registrar during September registration should file application at the registrar’s office before leaving town. —STONE.
P. E. W.—^All locks should be turned in and lockers emptied by June 5. . —HAZELTON.
Chemical Engineers — Sophomore and junior chemical engineers who expect to register in the fall must report to room 101 in Heavilon Hall and make out schedules. —BRAY.
Junior Chemicals—The following, who have not yet made out schedules for next semester are expected to do so immediately: H. W. Anderson, Barrett, Baugh, Borton, Coe, Egli, Engleton, Favorite, Goodman, Greiner, Grubb, Haldane, Hockman, Jenkins, Jones, Keppler, Kriegbaum, McDonall, Martin, Masanz, Metz, Oberle, Paullus, Pforzheimer, Phillips, Prien, Rassner,
C. CARTER for Mower Grinding and Nfew Pennsylvania Lawnmowers. Bikes and Roller Skates for Rent Phono 2291 State & Main Sts., W. L.
The thinking fellow call* A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cats for Special Oeeasiona 2Sc per passenger any part of tha city S023 PHONES S071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Reveal, Schenk, Scholle, Shafer, Shonkwiler, Steinfeldt, Tayldr, Thid, Wantland, Ward, Wiegandt, and Wreh. —MIIiLBR.
Advanced Military Students—^Travel orders for all juniors and seniors attending ROTC Camp this summer are in Gieir boxes. Remove them at once and take them to camp. —HAYFORD.
W. S. G. A. Mentors—Girls chosen ttf be mentors will be notified personally during the week ending June 13. —HUBER.
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings McGrath Machine & Foundry Sontii Third Street
ROSES, reg. 75c 3 yr. old 29c each Grass Seed, 39c Ib. Lawn Fertilizers, $2.98 100c lbs. * Eclipse and Pennsylvania Lawn Mowers. J. SPERB HDW. 822 Main
$$ CASH $$ For Your Used Textbooks We Wont
CO-OPERATIVE Textbook Exchange We Pay 80% of the Resale Priee
IE
%K
DISCONTINUED Textbooks Highest Cash Priees Will Be Paid by Wholesaler June 7, 8, and 9
SOUTHWORTH’S