^jum 15ih
Sjuumjmh SsLbu&iDn Haamu
iluqjuAi 12jth
Purdue
Z-185
Exponent
: ■ 4^:
Lafayette. Lidiaiia
SATURDAY
May 6. 1939
VoLSO
No. 175
Riveters Down I. U. As Gala Week Opens Boilermaker Nine Scores Extra Inning Shutout joc/a/’s Schedule Of Activities ^"Bineer, Pharmacists, ROTC, Put On Super
Victory Over Indiana University By Score, 1-0 By Robert J. Deckard After ten and one-third innings of scoreless play, the Boilermaker baseball outfit came through with a walk, single, and double in the eleventh inning yesterday in the local ballyard to eke out a one to nothing victory over Indiana's Cream and Crimson behind the three-hit pitching of Riveter sophomore ^labrnan Bob Bailey. ■ ■"
FolloAving Art Bredewater’s fly to Indiana left flelder Dro in the winning chukker for the Boilermakers, Smithson drew a pass, and Dean, running for Smithson, moved to the keystone bag on Bailey’s scratch single to right. Wayne Hearne, who had doubled in the seventh, slammed the sphere over short, the ball eluding Dro on a high bounce as Dean scampered across the plate from second base with the winning run. Backed up by both team’s perfect field play, Bailey and Dale Gentil, Hoosier moundsman, twirled no-hit ball until the seventh frame, when Indiana’s shortstop Kosman, looped a Texas leaguer into left field and went to second on Gwin’s sacrifice. Surprise Bailey then pulled the surprise play of the game. Taking his regular position on the slab to pitch to Cromer, he turned sharply, fired the ball to Thompson, who caught Kosman playing off second four yards and nipped him for out number two. Cromer then grounded to Thompson for the inning’s final out. Hearner, who had gone out on his first appearances at the plate, lofted a double in the Purdue half of the seventh which bounced against the fence, the throw-in holding him at second. Dickinson went down on strikes, Stamm grounded out to Danielson unassisted, and Mackiewicz bounced out to Gentil to halt the Boilermaker rally. The Hoosieis retaliated in kind in their half of the eighth. After Andres had gone via the strike out route, Danielson pumped a single into short center, and Dro drew a walk. Stoshitch was out on a bouncer to Smithson and Gentil was called out on strikes to end the inning. Six Up—Six Down The contingents went down in order in the eighth and ninth innings, but both threatened again in the tenth. Danielson sent a bingle to short left and was left stranded on first as Dro went out from Thomp(Continued on page 7)
Lindley Announces Display Winners At Vocational Meeting Winners in the annual high school Industrial and Vocational Arts Round-Up were announced yesterday afternoon at the close of the session by Prof. R. W. Lindley, of the GE department. Outstanding among the school winners because of their tremendous lead in total points were: Chesterton High in cabinet making; Mishaoaka High in machine work, and Arsenal Tech, Indianapolis, in drawing. The list of winner in the five divisions of the contest are as follows: drawing. Arsenal Tech, Indianapolis; printing, Mishawaka; cabinet making, Chesterton; pattern making, Washington, East Chicago; machine work, Mishawaka. A large group of exhibits from the various schools were on display in Michael Golden Shops. Stools, ash trays, clock frames, cedar chests, foot rests, and other articles compiise the display in the woodworking department. There was a total of 650 entries in all the groups comprising students from 32 Indiana cities, chiefly from the northern part of the state. This lepresents an increase of 50 or 60 over laso year’s entries. Winners were given their official notice last evening by Professor Lindley. Sophomores... . . . with an index of 3.5 or better for all semesters, are eligible to petition for election as Junior Officers in the Student Athletic Association. Petition blanks may fee obtained in the Student Senate office in the Union between 4 and 5 p. m. Monday and Tuesday afternoons. Elections will be held Tuesday, May 15.
George Ade, John McCutcheon, Campus Joes 50 Years Ago, Return For Anniversary By Roving Reporter ——i—^ Fifty years ago two Purdue students were spending most of their college time together. Today those two men are back on the campus helping in the 70th anniversary of Purdue’s founding. The two men— George Ade and John T. McCutch-
eon.
Since his graduation in 1887 Ade has become famous as a humorist and novelist. During his undergraduate days he was the humorist of the campus. His constant companions for two years were Bennett Taylor, ’87, and John T., ’89. Many stories are told of this trio and their nocturnal meandelings. But most stories are told about the two, George and John T. Ade Popular With Co-eds A tall, slender man during college, Ade was very popular with the co-eds. From his senior squib in the 1887 yPurdue we read, “He is very prominent in social circles and is quite a favorite with the ladies.” During his senior year George was president of the Irving literary society. Shortly after his graduation he
8:00 a. m.—Purdue Speech Defect and Reading Clinic (all morning). Hear a recording of your own voice—University Hall. ^^8:30 a. m.—Alumni Reception (all morning)—Main building each school. 9:00 a.m.—Alumnae Physical Education Conference—^Women’s Gymnasium (Memorial Gymnasium). 10:00 a. m.—^Varsity Track—^Illinois vs. Purdue. Varsity baseball—^Indiana vs. Purdue. 11:00 a.m.—^Radio Broadcast, “Just Kids” program—Memorial Union Building. 11:30 afl^.—Radio Broadcast, “High School Guest Hour” program—Memorial Union Building. 10:10 p.m.—GALA WEEK LUNCHEON—PRESIDENT BURR S. SWEZEY, ’13, PRESIDING—MEMORIAL UNION BALLROOM. 1:00 p.m.—Annual Meeting Purdue Alumni Association, Inc. 2:00 p. m.—Pounder’s Day 70 Gun Salute—Placement of Wreath on John Purdue Grave—1939 Flag Raising—Oval. Varsity Golf—Notre Dame vs. Purdue—^West Lafayeote Country Club. Varsity Tennis—^Armour Tech vs. Purdue. Open House (until 5 p. m.^)—^Women’s Residence Halls, Cary Halls for Men and the Women’s Athletic Association Log Cabin. 2:15 p.m.—Traditional Class Parade—Starts at Oval, ends in Stadium, Gala Week Review of the famous Purdue Military Band— Ross-Ade Stadium. 3:00 p. m.—Football—Varsity vs. Frosh, sponsosed by Gimlet Club. Presentation of alumni watch to outstanding freshman. Radio Broadcast, “Campus Varieties” program—Memorial Union Building. 6:00 p.m.—POUNDER’S DAY BANQUET—BARTON R. GEBHART, ’24, TOASTMASTER—GUESTS OP HONOR, GEORGE ADE, ’87, and JOHN T. McCUTCHEON, ’89—MEMORIAL UNION BALLROOM—^Purdue Men’s Glee Club. 9:00 p.m.—^Annual Senior Alumni Dance (until midnight)—Memorial Union Ballroom. 9:30 p.m.—Class Business Meetings, Parties and Smokers—’09 Class Stag, Elks Club.
73 Recieve Blankets At Annual P-Men's Banquet Over 200 Purdue P-Men heard Elmer Q. Oliphant, of New York City, Purdue’s first four letter athlete, who won AllAmerican football fame playing at West Point after he finished his four years here, address the annual Gala Week P-Men's banquet last night in the Union Ballroom. For fifteen minutes Ollie, principal speaker of the evening, told some of the “gem jokes” from his repertoir. ■ —Seventy-three major and minor
'Debris'To Be Issued Today
worked for the Chicago Tribune. One day, the story goes, George was leaving the office, just having received his pay envelope. He was accosted by two rather rough looking men. “Have you got a stamp?” asked George. The men produced
one.
George addressed the pay-envel-ope to himself; mailed it; and thus avoided a hold-up. Always An Artist His cohort wasn’t much of a student while in Purdue. His main interest then, as it is today, was in drawing. His favorite courses were art and English. Yesterday a few of his classmates were relating some of John T.’s classroom antics. “Remember the day John T. drew the picture of Miss Reed in rhetoric class, and then passed it around the room. It had the best expression I’ve ever seen on anyone,” was their remark. John T. walked every day from Elston to school. When not in school he worked on the Elston newspaper.
Beginning this afternoon at 1 o’clock and continuing through until 5, the Debris office in the Union Building will be open to distribute the 1939 Debris. Thirteen hundred books will arrive from the publishers this morning, according to Fred Winter, editor-in-chief of the Debris. 'Passports and receipts, paid in full, must be presented in order to get the yearbook. Debris seniors and juniors were presented with a copy on which their name is engraved in gold, at a staff and faculty advisor’s banquet in the Fowler Hotel Thursday evening, at which Bill Bodden, University auditor, was toastmaster. The Debris office will continue distribution Monday through Friday from 4 to 6 p. m. Board Names Engineer Stall William J. Harris was elected edi-tor-in-chief of the Purdue Engineer at a meeting of the electoral board yesterday afternoon in the office of Dean Potter in the Executive building. Others named to positions on the staff were Rathbun Squires, staff edi(;or; William Catterall, managing editor; William Hart, associate editor; William Ott, business manager; and Harry Monson, advertising manager.
lettermen were awarded ‘P’ blankets by G. A. Young, president of the International P-Men’s club, and Gene Anderson, retiring president of the ‘P’ Club, and retiring basketball captain. Honorary ‘P’s’ were given George Ade and David E. Ross, donors of the Ross-Ade Stadium, and William Marshall, head of the mathematics department and chairman of the faculty athletic committee. The honorary ‘P’s were mounted and framed, each bearing an inscription. Inscriptions were; Ade, “Patron, Donor, and Friend,” Ross, “Tireless Worker Who Makes Our Dreams Come True,” and Marshall, “For a Quarter Century a Guardian of Honor.” Toastmaster Gene Anderson introduced the head coaches who gave their ideas about their coming teams. Mai Elward, head football coach, was the first to speak. “If the Purdue team has the same spirit that they had last year, that helped them to hold Fordham’s best team in history, and beat the great Wisconsin team, there will be exciting football here next fall. No one on the team or staff has said the schedule next fall was too hard. The team next fall is going to do the extraordinary,” he said. Ward Lambert, basketball coach, did not comment on the team for next year, but he said “that graduating athletes could sell Purdue to incoming freshmen as the university in the country at which they can get the best selection in educa-
tion.”
Dutch Fehi’ing, whose baseball team had just finished beating In(Continued on page 7)
Show For Approximately 9,000 Visitors Between 8,000 and 10,000 people swarmed over the campus last night, trooping from one open house exhibit to another in a tour that covered most of the University buildings. Cars lined the streets in a solid wall as alumni descended on the schools and on the Union for a last fiurry of registration. Four floors of the Pharmacy mig la,!* A Building were open to inspection, 1 ■ ■ ■ with everything from old fashioned drug presses, crushers, and balances to a demonstration of the preparation of aspirin tablets. Chloroform was in the process of manufacture and the model pharmacy was in op-
eration.
Model Railroad Up in the attic of the ME Building, the mechanical school had its model railroad chugging along over an “0” guage track with the realistic clicking of wheels on rail joints; while the basement was filled with the roar of gasoline and diesel engines beating out the r.p.m. Stealing some of the EE’s thunder, they had a whole table of gear and transmission exhibits wired to a spark coil which administered a shock to the more curious. Kiss-O-Meter Moving on to the Electrical Building, the Kiss-O-Metpr, with its terse scale readings of “purely platonic, could be, and love,” proved the center of attraction. One enterprising couple managed to reach the “could be” on the second attempt. Upstairs WBAA drummed up trade for a trip through their stildios by use of a barker in a derby hat. Students were at work on the lathes and benches in Michael Golden shops, and an exhibit of high school drawing and cabinet work was on display in the halls. Liquid air was being made in the Chemistry Building, and the ph3?sicists had their cyclotron going in the Physics Building. Following up the brigade review of the afternoon, the military department demonstrated the use of modem motorized artillery from 7 to 10 p. m. in the Armory and at 10 the University Zouave squad gave a special drill. Fish Story Not part of the evening’s program, but an interesting sidelight of the Gala Week activities was Dr. Miller’s, of the student health service, battle with rod and reel with a member of the swimming team in the Fieldhouse pool during the afternoon. The teller of tall tales lost, however, when his line snapped just as the “fish” was almost landed.
. . . BSME, ’24, will serve as toastmaster for the Founder’s Day Banquet tonight at 6 p. m. in the Union ballroom. High light of the Founder’s Day Banquet will be the introduction of George Ade, ’87 and John T. McCutcheon, ’89. WLW To Broadcast Founder's Banquet Tonight In Ballroom With 10 of the members of the class of '89 already having signified their intentions to celebrate their fiftieth anniversary by attending the Founder’s Day Banquet, the Gala Week Committee expects about 200 members of the silver anniversary class, '14, also to attend the banquet in the Union ballroom this evening at
6p. m.
(Continued on page 7)
Debris Shows Pictures Of 'Then And Now' In Seventieth Anniversary Issue Out Today
By J. H. McKee
Quoting from the preface of the 1939 Debris—^“Three score and ten years ago, May 6, 1869, John Purdue’s dream became a reality . . . On that eventful day, the acceptance by the Indiana general assembly of the provisions of the Morrill Act of Congress and the gift of two hundred thousand dollars and one hundred and fifty acres of land, brought about the beginning of a splendid institution, Purdue University. Founded on the principle that technical and scientific culture serves as rich a purpose as the more conventional
and classical.”
We leaf through the tan and gold covered book and take a pieview of the 70th anniversary edition. On a half lolled page we find founder John Purdue overlooking the RossAde Stadium. Six shots of Purdue building follow. Then in chionological order, follow snapshots through the school year, accompanied by brief explanations of the shots. Forn^er Purdue presidents face the present president, E. C. Elliott. The pictures are of blue with gold
frames, in keeping with the old fashioned theme. The administration and members of the faculty follow. Then come the seniors and their activities. Next are features. Pictures of “then and now” show the campus in 1869 and 1939. The four Debris beauties, Peggy Davis, Jane Haltom, Virginia Hulse, and Vivian Peterson, are shown in full length pictures. Other features include May Queen Jessie Graham and her court; the Gala Week committee; convocation artists; airport pictures; and University dances. The athletic section with pictures of coaches, athletes, and yell leaders comes next. A two page spread of individual pictures of the footbali players is also included. Scenes from several games complete the football section. Basketball, baseball, and track are similarly dealt
with.
Organizations follow athletics, then activities. As usual the Maternities, sororities, halls, and co-opa bring up the rear. The 1939 editioxit of the Debris is finished.
4^ddbfmL
THE PDBDTIE EXPONENT
JiSaiWULiL.
Saturday^ May 6.1939
Over 500 Grads... . . . have put in their appearance on the campus for Gala Week this week end. Sometimes it seems an enigma as to just what inspires them to make the journey back and to look their alma mater over, but when we hear them joking and inquiring about each other’s past it is apparent that they enjoy coming back to see their old classmates. Of course there is a certain glow of pride that swells up in an old student when he can see the increased progress of his school. Just to see the structure of the new Music Hall rising from in back of a not-so-old Executive Building might make the trip to Lafayette worth while. But back in the days when most of the old grads were in school, back in ’84, ’99, and ’09, the seniors could get acquainted with all of the fellows in their class. In those days there was a spirit of friendliness that kept them close together. Now it is extraordinary if a graduating senior knows as many as 25 per cent of his fellow seniors, and few know this many. How, on some future date, will these present day graduates feel toward their alma mater and their classmates ? It’s hard to picture a fellow who graduated in a senior class of over 800 becoming enthused over the thoughts of returning to the University to meet a small handful of his classmates—classmates whom he probably never knew. The chances are high against his meeting any of the fellows that formed his circle of friends while he studied here. If he did come back it doesn’t seem unlikely that he would give a quick, proud glance at the progress made since his last visit and murmur, “bigger and bigger and more like an educational machine each year. I thought it was pretty much ‘production line’ education when I attended, but gosh, I remember when ...” etc. Somehow it appears that the boys who are returning to the campus this week end might feel just a trifle out of place. Besides braving the semi-scomful looks of students who radiate resentment at the intrusion, they are now being pushed and pulled in the curiosity-fille^ and restless crowd of Open House visitors. How would it work to have the alumni come back some quiet week end when they could
the Purdue Exponent Kntered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20. 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Henslelr PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor. — D. A. Bailey Associate Editors .....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terpo, J. C. Woodson Sophomore Assistants—R. Ahlf, R. Beer, R. DeHoog, R. Donahue, P. Ganzar, D. Heiple, R. Howard, C. Lever, R. Massey, J. McKee, C. McKeighan, M. Miers, M. Patterson, R. Taylor, K. Thompson, J. Willsey, A.
Yates.
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager - M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager. V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director JD. J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor R.L. McDonald Associate Editors — J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R T. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6038
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAU ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Ref^esentatsve AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago * Boston ' Los Angeles - Sah Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Editor. Associate Editors .
Night Editor— Willsey Issue Editor—^Traugott Saturday, May 6, 1939
have the campus mostly to themselves ? Maybe they like this rush, though. Maybe they want to see their school admired by thousands of visitors. Maybe they even sigh and say they were bom thirty years too soon. We wonder.—G. W. F.
Luncheons, parades, baseball, tennis, football, banquets, and dances —these are only a few of the events scheduled for our gala week-end. “So much to be done, and so little time,” might be the chant of most students and visiting alums during the next few hours. We’ve been doing a little scouting around to find out just what is really going on. -H-H— One member of each couple at tonight’s mixer must be a senior in order to get past the doorman. No dollar bills are needed for admittance to the dance, but only seniors and their dates are invited. A number of other dances are scheduled for tonight also. Irvan Maury and his campus band will swing out for the WRH spring dance tonight at the halls. —H-H— Dick Cisne and his University of Illinois band is scheduled to play for the Sigma Chi semi-formal at the chapter house tonight, while Harry McCrady and his boys furnish the downbeat for the Sigma Nu informal dance. At the Acacia house tonight. Chuck Coe and his band will introduce their new color organ as a feature of the evening’s entertainment. This device flashes various colors into the room as different notes are sounded. It sounds interesting to us. —H-H— Jack Kreever’s band from Gary will play for the Beta Sigma Psi spring dance tonight at the East Side Country Club. At the Beta Theta Pi house Everette Cathey from the Illinois campus will furnish the I’hythms for the fraternity’s annual spring formal. A revolving ball covered with tiny mirrors, palm plants, and spring flowers will'furnish the setting for this open dance. —H-H— Time keeps galloping on and on. Now people no longer refer to wooden ships and iron men. Instead they speak of wooden shoes and ironical women. But students keep right on figuring out their philosophies of life. Here is one in poetry that a chum sent us:
WBAA
‘*THK VOICE OP PURDUE"
TODAY 11:00—Just Kids. 11:15—Carolyn Wood, soprano. 11:30—High School Guest Program. 12:00—Market Reports. 12:15—The Woman Shopper. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Charles Powell, Tune Time. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—College Caravan. 2:00—Stamp Club of the Air. 2:15—Greek Letter Parade. 2:45—Paul Funk, pianist. 3:00—Campus Varieties.
collegiate
For this is wisdom, to love, to live; To take what fate the gods may
By Joy Johnson . . . are popping up all the time. Pretty soon no one will be able to get a job as simple as washing windows without a college degree to show. Los Angeles City College is taking no chances on having an impolite or boorish police force and has started a course to train future officers of peace. And while we’re on the subject of peace, Hobart College is waving an olive branch with a special training course for prospective justices of the peace. And not to be behind the times, students at the University of New Hampshire may take a laboratory course in which they learn the organization and administration of parent teacher associations. —C— A Bicycle Built for Two ... . . . will be the new theme song of Cornell University varsity football players. Under orders of Coach Shavely, all gridiron athletes will have to give up automobile riding and substitute bike riding instead. Shavely believes that American youth has softened up physically “through the modern tendency to ride around in automobiles instead
give. Ask no questions and make no prayer. Just kiss the lips and caress the hair; Speed passion’s ebb, nor tide its flow. To have, to hold, in time—^let go.
of walking and running as preceding generations did.” He thinks bike riding will strengthen leg and back muscles and increase lung expansion. —C— Purdue Co-eds . . . . . . have to take a lot of dirty digs. But Iowa State co-eds lost a new dormitory because of a statement made by a member of the Iowa legislature. Said he, college women “expect too much” and are “too expensive to marry.” After that the legislature decided in favor of an economy drive and defeated a bill which would have financed the structure. —C— Goldfish Gulping . .. ... to end all goldfish gulping has been accomplished by a DePauw' alumnus with a record of 5,000. It wasn’t such a hard job though because the scene of the goldfish orgy was at a hatchery where tiny goldfish come at least 5,000 to the cup of water. A real accomplishment would have been to drink down at least a quart of the stuff.
ummeru
LAST DAY
PYGMALION
wcritJj^ hilleS andAviifUj Lawson
tomorrow
tn the /
L^kur'ck
es
OLIVIA DeHAVILLAND • ANN SHERIDAN
MIDNITE PREVUE TONIGHT 11:30
VIRGINIA WEIDLER . PEGGY SHANNON, RKO RADIO 1 Plchire ^ TODAY BETTE DAVIS
"JEZEBEL' — PLUS — BOY SLAVES
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
METHODIST STUDENTS 8:00 a. m.—^Freshman breakfast at the Foundation, free. 9:30 a. m.—Glen McPadden will teach the co-ed class at the Foundation. The men’s class will be taught by Robert Melser and Edward i Brown. Subject is, “Will 86 per c^nt of Our Students Cheat?” 10:40 a. m.—Dr. 0. S. Steele will preach on, “The Door of the Stewardship Temple.” 5:30 p. m.—Alumni and students are invited to supper at the Foundation, price is 15 cents. 6:30 p. m.—Epwortb League will be held at the Foundation. Mr. Lawrence Pierce, prominent business man, will speak on “Religion in Business.” ROGER WILLIAMS CLUB WEST LAFAYETTE BAPTIST 9:30 a. m.—Class will be taught by Dean M. L. Fisher. 10:35 a. m.—Morning worship service. Lord’s Supper. Sermon by Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason, “The Two Ways of Life.” 6:30 p. m.—Social hour. Folk games. Lunch at 6 p. m. 6:30 p. m.—Dean Vern Freeman will speak on the subject, “The Student Whirlpool.” PRESBYTERIAN AND CONGREGATIONAL STUDENTS Morning program at Central Presbyterian Church, 7th and Columbia Streets, Lafayette. 9:00 a. m.—Dr. F. S. Crocket will discuss, “Science and the Good Life” from the viewpoint of the science of medicine. 10:40 a. m.—Morning worship. Sermon by Dr. W. R. Graham. Music by the choir under the leadership of A. P. Stewart, music director of the University. Evening program at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz Street, West Lafayette. 5:00 p. m.—Meeting of the University Church. 6:00 p. m.—Supper. 6:45 p. m.—Prof, and Mrs. D. H. Patterson will present the puppet
“We expect to drop in on relatives while we’re touring, and with the luggage camouflaged they won’t be able to spot us very well!”
show, “The Three Wishes.” ST. JOHN’S EPISCOPAL Sixth and Ferry Streets, Lafayette 8:00 a. m.—Holy Communion. 10:45 a. m. — Holy Communion (choral) and Sermon.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
Acacia...
, . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: Perry Clark, Syracuse, N. Y.; Jack Day, Chicago, 111.; John Keith, Bloomington; and Gene Snyder, South Bend.
— also —• FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS SUNDAY-MONDAY FLIRTING WITH FATE PRISON NURSE
LUMA LAST DAY
2 FIRST RUN FEATURiS
Thunders with Thrills! Blazes with Excitement! Roars with Adventure! Explodes with Action!Summer Session
the Purdue Exponent
MiilM
Summmr Session
Lafayette/ Indiana
SATURDAY
May 6/ 1939
VoLSO
No. 175^
Annual Summer Session 17111 Open June 15
Annual Rural Leadership School Convenes June 19
President E. C Elliott's Preface
“Successful rural leaders not only start new things, when needed, but they keep toned-up all agencies which minister to the best in country life,” states the bulletin of the eleventh annual Rural Leadership School. The school, including both mature leader and rural youth training sections, will continue from June 19 to 23. No registration fee will be charged those attending this series of lectures on the varied problems of rural Indiana, although 19 Purdue staff members and 14 visiting instructors will lecture. The week’s classes will be conducted completely in lecture and forum form, with instructors changing daily in most of the sections. Mature Leader Classes Classes for the mature leaders continue from 8 a. m. to 9:30 p. m. with a variety of subjects being covered. Morning sessions will discuss “Religion and Rural Life,” “Rural Social Need and Opportunities,” “Rural Economic Needs and Opportunities,” and be discussed by a different lecturer every period, during the week. Afternoon topics for the adult group will cover broader fields. Round table discussions on “Organizational Objectives” will be held in the early afternoon, with convocations in Fowler Hall every evening. Rural youth leadership training school, which was held for the first time last year, will cover a series of subjects dealing mainly with recreation, leisure time, and health. Mornings will be taken up with discussions on hobbies, dramatics, sports, music, and psychology, and similar subjects. Afternoons for the younger group will be spent hearing lectures by numerous authorities on the pastimes and hobbies available to rural communities. This group will also hear a series of convocations every evening.
Expenses During Summer Session
Are Much Lower
Costs of living during the summer school session are lower, comparatively, than during the regular school year. Expenses vary for each student according to his mode of living, but the following rates represent average costs.
Rooms in private homes should range in price from $2.60 to $3.75 a week for one person. The dormitories, including Cary Halls and the Women’s Residence Halls, will be open for rooming during the summer session also.
The Halls are available either for residence during the entire nine weeks, at $32, or for stays during intensive courses. Charges at the Residence Halls are $4.50 for one week, $13 for three weeks, and $25 for six weeks. Applications should be addressed to the director of the Women’s Residence Halls or to the manager of Cary Halls.
Board in cafeterias near the campus costs about $5 per week. Boarding houses furnish both room and meals for from $4.60 to $5.60 a week. All women students must live in rooming places approved by the Dean of Women. Lists of approved residences may be obtained from that office.
Health service, activities, and recreation privileges are all included in the summer session tuition fee of $31 for the entire period. The fee for intensive unit courses is $6.50 a week.
Insurance Course Added
Summer Session To Offer
To Economics Department
Personal Hygiene Course
Dealing with the fundamentals of personal and property insurances, a course called “Insurance Principles” will be given in the economics department during the summer session. According to present plans, this course, which was first offered during the second semester of the present school year, will be taught by Ken Sharkey.
Intensive Unit Courses
-Cr. 1.
To Summer Session Catalogue
This bulletin describes the plans for the twenty-seventh summer session of Purdue University. These plans live out the established policies of our institution to search fearlessly for the truth and to increase the worth of the education and scientific services of the University, especially to the citizens of the state. The accompanying- descriptive outline of the program for the coming summer weeks contains ample evidence of the rich and varied resources of the University for special training and for general education tp any and all of those qualified and wanting to become better fitted for the work of the days ahead. No longer does the former distinction between “regular” students and “summer” students obtain. All who come to the campus with the serious purpose of study, whether in the winter or in the summer, are on a parity. The power of knowledge and the effective use of knowledge are dependent upon the student rather than upon the season.
The summer session of 1939 provides genuineness in its opportunities for growth. Here in relatively small groups professors and students become partners and companions in search for both useful knowledge and more useful wisdom. For the most part, the courses of instruction will be in charge of the tested members of the faculty of the University. Thus, the widely recognized standards of accomplishment of Purdue will be insured.
The officers of the University are fully aware that the students attending the summer session expect much. The University will endeavor more than to meet these expectations in lecture room, library, laboratory, shop, and field—and elsewhere. Even of more importance is the chance of living in the Purdue environment. The printed pages of this announcement do not tell the whole story. Those who know are aware of those many humane gains possible to students who appreciate the value of intelligent leisure as well as of intensive learning.
Knight, Head of Education Department, To Administer Summer School Session
Guiding hand behind this year’s summer session is Dr. Frederic B. Knight, head of the department of education and applied psychology. Knight is a native of Massachusetts. He attended Boston, Harvard, and Columbia Universities, and holds degrees from all three.
Director
“Personal and Community Hygiene,” one of the courses which were offered for the first time during the second semester this year, will be offered again during the summer session.
This course is given in the biology department and will cover prin,ciples of public health and personal hygiene, emphasizing those phases of the problems which concern public institutions.
One Week—July 10-13
Division of Education and Applied Psychology Education S194. Clinic for Educational Leaders. Two Weeks—^June 12-24
School of Agriculture
Agricultural Engineering S40a. Special Course in Teaching
Farm Shop.—Cr. 2.
Two Weeks—June 26-July 8
School of Agriculture
Agricultural Engineering S40b. Special Course in Teaching Farm Machinery Repairing.—Cr. 2. Three Weeks—^June 12-July 1
School of Agriculture
Agronomy S116. Corn and Small Grains.—Cr. 3. Farm Management SlOl. Agricultural Prices.—Cr. 3. Poultry S112. Advanced Poultry Problems.—Cr. 3. School of Home Economics Home Administration S247. Seminar in Home Administra-
tion.—Cr. 1-3.
Department of English and Speech , Speech S146. Speech Correction Programs for Schools.—
Cr. 1-3.
Division of Education and Applied Psychology Education S120. Organization of Instruction Materials for Safety Education.—Cr. 3. Education S137. Tests and Measurements in Industrial Education.—Cr. 3. Education S138. Industrial and Educational Co-ordination.—
Cr. 3.
Education S163. Methods in Part-time and Evening School. Work in Vocational Agriculture.—Cr, 3. (Continued on page 4)
In addition to being an expert in his field of education and applied psychology and the author of several textbooks. Dr. Knight is also an expert on larming. Heading the administration for the summer session will be Dr. E. C. Elliott, continuing his present duties as President. Offices of the Dean of Men and Women will continue throughout the summer vmdgr the administration of Dean Martin L. Fisher and Dean Dorothy C. Stratton. Graduate students may plan their course' of study under Richard G. Dukes, dean of the graduate school. Others continuing in their present posts are: William M. Hepburn, librarian; Ralph B. Stone, registrar; Clarence Earl Dammon, director of admissions; Robert B. Stewart, controller; and T. R. Johnston, director of the bureau of information.
Dr. F. B. Knight
WBAA To Broadcast Doring Summer; New
May 171s Deadline For Camera Club's
Announcers Sought
Photography Exhibit
Entry deadline for an all-campus student-faculty photography exhibit, sponsored by the Purdue Camera Club, has been set for May 17. The larger part of the exhibit, after a preliminary elimination, will be shown in the Union Building. Camera Club urges all students and members of the faculty who have interesting pictures to enter them in the exhibit. All entries will be judged purely on a basis of merit and not on the previous experience of the photographer. A blanket entry fee of 26 cents, covering any number of pictures, will be charged all exhibitors not affiliated with the Camera Club.
Intensive Unit Courses Offered In Nine Fields
Purdue’s twenty-seventh annual summer session will officially get under way when registration begins at 8 a. m. Thursday, June 15. Present trends indicate that enrollment will be between 1,500 and 1,600, exceeding last year’s enrollment of over 1,400. Registration will be conducted in the registrar’s
office in the Executive Building.
1939 Summer Fees To Total 31 Dollars, Deposits Excepted
Fees for the entire 1939 summer session period will total $31. The fees include the health service, activities, and recreation privileges. Special laboratory fees and deposits vary in amounts with the courses and are indicated in the catalog. The fee for intensive or short unit courses is $6.50 a week, and the late registration fee will be three dollars.
Entertainment Facilities of the Memorial Gymnasium and Fieldhouse will be open to students during the summer session. The facilities of the Union will also be available for student enter-
tainment.
As all work done during the summer session is fully accredited by the University, requirements for admission to the summer session are the same as those for winter session; that is, for all who wish to
A repetition fee of five dollars per semester hour will be paid by any student taking any course for the third or subsequent time; also any student who is on scholastic probation will have to pay a probation fee of $15.
Welding, pattern-making, machine shop, and foundry courses will cost $27. An auditor’s fee of five dollars is to be paid by all persons not registered in the summer session who are admitted to classes as auditors and not as candidates for credit in the course. A special fee for the course in supervised teaching is six dollars.
Payment may be made in cash, bank draft, express order, or certified check.
Ag School Offers Short Courses For County Agents
The University will offer two three-week courses during the summer session this year for Indiana county agricultural agents, home demonstration agents, and extension specialists. According to L. M. Busche, county agent leader, there will be courses given in “Agricultural Prices” and “Extension Organization, Programs, and Projects.” The “Agricultural Prices” course will be in session from June 12 to July 1, while the other will last from June 26 to July 16.
gain full credit for the work they complete satisfactorily. These requirements are fully set forth in the yearly catalog of the University. Providing one of the best opportunities for teachers in service to continue study, the curriculum has been planned to be of special interest to those desiring undergraduate or CTaduate courses, whether to satis:^ degree requirements, to meet license standards, or to bring themselves up to date educationally. Variety of Courses Through the medium of the regular six and nine week courses, as well as a number of intensive imit three week offerings, a variety of courses will be available in agriculture, education, engineering, home economics, industrial education, library science, pharmacy, psychology, physical education, and the sciences. As an added feature of the summer session, the second annual Educational Leaders’ Clinic, which will consist of four days of discussion and conference on current educational problems by outstanding authorities, will be held July 10-13. One of the highlights of the clinic, which will be climaxed by a banquet on Thursday night, July 13, will be a comprehensive exhibit of educational materials.
Directed Reading Added To Summer Curriculum
Directed Reading will be a new course in the English department summer session curriculum this year. It will be a nine-weeks’ course for students desiring to do independent writing for ^detailed and systematic criticism. Students desiring to take the course need only obtain the consent of Prof. H. M. Baldwin, instructor for the course.
Prof. Hall Plans Varied
Con vo, Social Prdgram
“The Voice of Purdue” will be heard all summer, according to G. D. Williams, director of WBAA, University radio station. The station will be operated on a two-thirds full time schedule during the time between the end of this semester and registration for the summer session. At registration a general audition for announcers and others interested in radio work will be made, and the schedule moved up to the full time of six hours. In addition to this work, a course will be offered in the speech department on radio program production. This will be a nine weeks’ course and will carry three hours of credit. The course will cover the detailed planning and analysis of radio programs. The only prerequisite for the course is Speech 14 or 16. G. D. Williams will teach the course.
Many social and recreational events have been planned for summer session students by the student-faculty social committee headed by Professor 0. F. Hall. Friday, June 16, the program will
be inaugurated by a free reception and mixer for students and faculty members sponsored by the Union. The next day the Music Festival organized by A1 Stewart will occupy campus attention. The following week on June 24, there will be a picnic at Turkey Run. Outdoor Sing The first outdoor sing of the summer will ' take place Wednesday, June 28, in the Stadium. The next day students will participate in twilight “Games on the Green” which were so popular last summer. A mixer, June 30, will conclude the events for that month.
First on the July schedule will be “Games on the Green,” July 6. On July 13 will be held the summer session banquet at which Charles Newcomb, humoi'ist, will speak. A
mixer, July 14, and an outdoor singf, July 19, will alsdi^rovide entertainment. Another Prom Planned Leading social event of the summer will be the sumBii®^ session Prom, which will be held July 28 in the Union ballroom. At last year’s summer Prom, the first event of this kind, Fletcher Henderson furnished the music for 400 couples. Plans for August include an outdoor play at the Stadium, August 2, and “Games on the Green” the following evening. During the entire summer session Union facilities will be open to the students, faculty, and guests. cafeteria, dining room, sweet shop» barber shop, ballroom, lounges, bowling alleys will meet the needs of summer residents.
'W
i Ismmm
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Scrturdoyy May 6,1939
f!y“
A>
lA,
4-H Clubs To Gather For Annual Round-Up June 12
Exponent Will Publish 11
Celebration of the twenty-fifth anniversary of extension work in Indiana will be featured in the work of 4-H clubs at the annual Boy’s and Girl’s 4-H Club Round-Up, which will be held on the campus June 12,13, and 14. From 2,000 to 2,300 are expected to attend. "
Educational Leaders Will Exchange Ideas
At Clinic June lo-u Regular Summer Editions
All new particulars of the educa-
Monday evening the celebration will get under way with a Silver Anniversary program which will feature a half-hour concert by the Shelby County 4-H Club Band, and
Speech Clinic Outlines Courses
tional world will be brought before the second annual Educational Leaders Clinic, which will be held July 10-13. An outstanding group of speakers will lecture on new phases of education and lead discussion groups on the various topics presented in the lectures.
Gold Peppers Initiate;
Issues Will Be Distributed Free Of Charge To All
Banquet 25 Pledges
Campus Buildings; Out-Of-Town Subscriptions-SOc
a pageant of 25 years of livestock progress in the Judging Pavilion. After a short intermission the group will gather in Eliza Fowler Hall for another pageant showing 26 years of 4-H progress.
Late Tuesday afternoon in Eliza Fowler Hall the delegates will gather to present an episode entitled “Off to Washington, D. C.,” which will serve as farewell to the delegates from Indiana who will be departing for the 1939 National 4-H Club Camp at Washington. A talk by Dr. J. Raymond Schutz entitled “Thanks America” will be supplemented by the dramatization of “The Birth of the Star-Spangled Banner.” The annual 4-H Club banquet has been scheduled for Tuesday evening in the Union Building and will be followed by parties for the club members.
Dr. M. D. Steer, director of the Speech Clinic, has outlined a special correction program for both the three-weeks and the six-weeks couises, which will deal with the problems found in elementary and secondary schools. Besides the regular members of the Speech Clinic staff, special guest lecturers have been scheduled to appear during the first three weeks, and public school speech correctionists have been added as guest members of the Summer Session staff.
There also will be a large exhibit of educational materials, which is said to be the finest in the middle west. An added feature of the clinic will be the annual summer session banquet which will be held Thursday evening, July 13.
Throughout the three days, contests of various kinds will be held, with the winners in county and township contests participating. Recreational activities have been planned for the members during the RoundUp.
The purpose of the program will be to acquaint public school teachers with specific methods, exercises and games with which to handle public school speech defective children, both in groups and individually. Dr. Steer’s lectures for the summer will have two specific purposes: first, to broaden the background in the theory of speech correction and to present the most recent studies published in various journals; second, to coi relate the Clinic with all the course work offered.
Charles Milton Newcomb, noted humorist and after-dinner speaker, will be the principal speaker of the evening, talking on “What Are You Afraid Of”? The talk is one of inspiration on the philosophy of courage. In a clear and forceful manner, Mr. Newcomb presents an analysis of fear and its causes, shows its real meaning and tells how it may be dealt with.
Pledges of Goldo Peppers, co-ed honorary, were initiated Wednesday afternoon at 4:30 o’clock in the WSGA office. A banquet in the reception room of the Union followed the initiation. A stunt was given by the pledges before the initiation service. At the banquet, pledges presented old members with paddles, engraved on one side with actives’ names, and on the other side with the initials G. P. Gold Peppers pledges are chosen from the present junior class on the basis of scholarship, activities, and personality. The organization is an athletic booster.
Summer session activities will be covered this vacation by the third summer session Exponent. News of all campus-re-lated activities, intracurricular and extracurricular, will be included in the paper, which will be published twice weekly during the first two weeks of the summer session and once each week for the remaining portion of the term. Eleven issues will be published during the entire session. These Exponents will be distrib-
Musical Leadership School To Meet Here For Ten Day Session
The clinic is designed primarily for superintendents of schools, principals, supervisors, and teachers. It will stress the pertinent and pressing problems of education today. Among the topics to be presented: “What Is Right With Education?,” “The School’s Public Relation Program,” “Problems Relating to Staff Morale,” “School Propaganda,” “Coming Changes in Education,” and many others.
Pledges who were initiated last night are: Elizabeth Barnes, Treva Berry, Catherine Cooley, Thais Crepps, Lucy Demoret, Ruth Hall, Patricia Heine, Charlotte Lochner, Joy Johnson, Althea Jorgeson, Margaret Mitchell, Mary McLaughlin, Martha Moorehead.
The Round-Up will close with a general session on Wednesday afternoon in Eliza Fowler Hall with a half hour concert by the Marion County 4-H Club orchestra and the presentation of the awards by Dr. / Z. M. Smith.
Since the Summer Session program ■will be concentrated on the public school problem, the guest lecturers chosen for this year are experts in that particular work.
Caldwell, '08, Designs Ray Relays To Open Worlds Fair
Orestes H. Caldwell, Purdue '08, arranged the appartus for the opening of the Hayden Planetarium, from which the World’s Fair lighting system was put into operation through the use of cosmic ray relays.
A Speech Clinic for public school children will again be carried on during the six-weeks summer session. Speech defective children all over the state are eligible to apply for admittance. A small fee will be charged for non-indigent children. Indigent children will be admitted to the Clinic with fee exemption, if recommended by school officials, family physicians, or social agencies.
Listed on the speaking program are Dr. Harold Benjamin, University of Colorado; Dr. Thomas E. Benner, University of Illinois; Dr. J. B. Edmonson, University of Michigan; Dr. L. A. Pechstein, University of Cincinnati; Dr. H. B. Bruner,
Mary Petticrew, Frances Raebig, Margaret Sauer, Caroline Scott, GeorganVi* Schilling, Louise Schickler, Margaret Stocker, Ann Rickman, Georgia Walker, Betty Wickard, Joan Wimborough, and Parker Wynn.
All phases of music leadership will be provided at the Music Leadership Training School of ten days, which will be held from June 23 to July 2. This is one of' the new features of the summer session designed for song leaders, choir directors, choristers, chorus directors, orchestra and band leaders, music organization officers, ministers, and others interested in working -with music problems and materials. It will have a limited enrollment.
Columbia University; Dr. E. E. Le'wis, Ohio State University; and Dr. Jesse E. Adams, University of Kentucky.
A capable staff has been obtained for this feature and will pro-vide both class and personal instruction. George W. Campbell, Cincinnati, Ohio, who has a reputation as one of the best professional song leaders in the United States, will teach the art of leading community singing and •will offer constructive criticism to those enrolled.
Summer Session Calendar
Phi Lamhda Upsllon...
As president of the New York Electrical Society, Dr. Caldwell pre■viously supervised tests in which cosmic-ray bullets were detected entering a bank vault 40 feet below Fifth Ave., after penetrating the huge masses of armor plate steel and concrete. i
. . . national honorary chemical society, announces the pledging of the following men: C. L. Boswell, J. E. Christian, J. J. Denzler, H. F. Fishburn, R. F. Gerding, J. A. Hebbeler, G. A. Omohundro, J. E. Orr, Thomas Parke, L. W. Schmidt, H. J. Segrave, P. W. Silva, Marshall Sittig, John H. Smith, R. A. Specker, S. P. Steinback, E. E. Wilson.
Thursday, June 15, 8:00 a. m.—Registration. Friday, June 16—Instructional work begins. Monday-Friday, June 19-24 — Annual Rural Leadership School. Monday-Friday, June 26-30—Annual Conference for Teachers of Vocational Agriculture. Wednesday-Saturday, June 21-24—Industrial Personnel Institute. Tuesday, July 4—Independence Day—Holiday. Monday-Saturday, July 10-13—Second Annual Clinic for Educational Leaders. Saturday, July 15, 4:30 p. m.—Graduate theses due—candidates, August, 1939. Saturday, August 12, 12:00 noon—Baccaleureate theses due —candidates, August, 1939. Saturday, August 12, 6:00 p. m.—Summer Session ends.
Margaret Dennis Coming Margaret Dennis, Shorter College, Rome, Ga., who is head of the voice department of that institution, will conduct class work in voice culture and hold a vocal clinic for individual students. Instr^umental work of the training school will be under the direction of Marshall Howenstein, director of instrumental music in the West Lafayette Public Schools, who will use the band and orchestra of the West Lafayette schools for demonstrations. Albert P. Stewart, University choral conductor, -will be in charge of a conducting class. Besides teaching classes in choir and chorus management and problems, Stewart ■will conduct daily rehearsals of a chorus from the Music Leadership School for a cantata which ■will be produced at the closing session of the conference.
uted free of charge to the summer session students and will be obtainable at the various campus buildings. Out-of-to^wn subscriptions ■will go on sale in the near future at a price of 50 cents each. Publication Dates Publication days will be Tuesday and Thursday of the two weeks following registration, and Thursday on the weeks remaining. This summer Exponent will carry news of interest to students on the campus and off, as reports will be sent from Exponent correspondents at Camp Knox, R. 0. T. C. camp in Kentucky; at Ross Camp, the cml engineers’ training ground just outside the city; and at the forestry camp at Henryville. Regular Columns Included Besides these special reports, the paper will contain the regular Exponent columns Bold and Black, Fielder’s Choice, News of the Week, etc. The summer session and the summer session Exponent, will last for nine weeks during the summer, terminating on August 12. Staff members for the paper have not been chosen as yet, but they will be selected within the month from the regular Exponent staff. Another Prom Planned Last year’s-summer session paper was instrumental in the creation of the summer session Prom, which will be repeated again this year. The suggestion appeared in the Bold and Black column, caught the interest of both faculty members and students, and finally, through the cooperation of the editorial staff, a straw ballot, and Prof. O. F. Hall’s social and recreational committee, became a reality. Other highlights of last summer’s Exponent were the articles by L. Kung, Chinese boy, discussing the University’s 4 million dollar building program story. All redecorations and rearrangements of sororities and fraternities were covered in that paper.
On. JthsL
(pJwmjumdiL-’-
May have been fashionable in the nineties, but nowadays, you must ride in comfort. THIS Gala Week take advantage of our service and use our convenient cabs.
Yellow Cab Co.
5023
3071
Residence Hall for Women will be open for summer session women. You will find everything yon need in this summer home.
Comfortable, well-equipped study and sleeping rooms — Cool, inviting lounges — beautiful recreation and game rooms — ample bathroom facilities, with hot and cold water — laundry facilities, electric washer and irons — shampoo room — sewing room.
The Residence Hall for Women Meets Yonr Needs
Single rooms $32.00 for the full session
(Shorter session at correspondingly reasonable rates. For further information call or write the director of the Halls.)j t
J,r%
Saturday. May 6,1939
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
i/ss ■ .-J
Summer Sports To Center Around Fieldhouse
Summer Session Offers Variety Of PE Courses
A comprehensive program of courses in physical education, coaching, health, safety, and recreation will be offered at the University during the summer session, according to preliminary announcements. Both undergraduate and graduate courses will be offered by the division of physical education for men and the department of physical education for women during the regular six week session scheduled from June 16 to July 27. Regular members of the Purdue coaching and physical education staffs will be in charge of all summer courses, including Mai Elward, Mel Taube and Guy Mackey in football, and Ward Lambert in basketball. The graduate courses will be under the general supervision of Prof. F. R. Eastwood and Prof. Helen Hazelton. The special intensive course in the organization of instruction materials for safety education, scheduled from June 12 to July 1, is designed primarily to be of assistance to teachers who will have charge of safety instruction in the public schools. In view of new legislation which makes the teaching of safety in the public schools mandatory, the course was organized in order to provide an understanding of safety problems and the technique of teaching safety.
^isUbutbi ^JwiOL
By Joe Dolan
WAA News
WAA has arranged to bring Mr. Justin Cline of Chicago, who is field representative of the National Youth Hostel Movement, to the campus Friday, May 12, to show motion pictures of the Youth Hostels in New England and the Middle West. These movies, which are to stimulate interest in the Outing Club, will be presented in the Memorial Union, free to all students and faculty members.
Former President Herbert Hoover will give the commencement address at Earlham College.
Twenty-five colleges and universities in the U. S. operate their own broadcasting stations.
While watching Purdue’s spring football squad perform a couple of evenings ago, we heard a by-stand-er say, “with a backfield composed of a troupe of veterans like Jack Brown, Lou Brock, Ted Hennis, and Leon DeWitte, how can any club in the country defeat the Elward coached club next fall?” Just such fellows as the person who said the above, especially if they be newspaper men, are the fellows who definitely put a coach “on the spot” before the alumni and fans, if the coach’s potentially great club does not produce. —^fc— Let’s look at a couple of Purdue’s opponents for next year and see if their backfield doesn’t just about come up with the coming Gold and Black ball carriers. Take Notre Dame with her backfield of returning veterans such as Lou Zontini, the lad who ran all over Minnesota last fall, quarterback Stevet Sitko, rated as the beet Irish blocking back since Frank Carideo,*^the fleet Bob Saggau, who ran the Wildcats of Northwestern dizzy during last year’s campaign, and the hard driving Joe Thesing at fullback—who wouldn’t want to take them? The above is the supposed first string Irish backfield but the rest of the Irish backs, Stevenson, McGannon, O’Meara, Sheridan, and Piepul will manufacture a couple of backfields loaded with dynamite. —^fc— Coach Elpier Layden, whose team won eight games last fall, recently said, “the only team we really overpowered was Kansas.” Kansas was Notre Dame’s initial foe, and it was just a matter of turning the entire school loose on the Kansas eleven. If we remember rightly, the Irish used 72 players that day, and incidentally, Purdue is the initial club on the Irish schedule this fall. And do you still think that Mr. Elward’s veteran backfield will breeze right through all of its opponents?
Open Letter From Dean Potter To the Engineering Students of Purdue University: In making plans for next summer, it is desirable for an engineering student to utilize part of his vacation either in gaining practical experience or in improving his educational preparation for his life’s work. Present industrial conditions are such that most undergraduates will experience difficulty in finding worthwhile temporary employment during the coming summer. For those who are unable to make suitable industrial connections, the summer session program of Purdue University for 1939 is of particular interest. This summer session will prove helpful to students who on account of poor preparation, ill health, transfer from other institutions, low grades, or other reasons have become irregular. Then there are large numbers of engineering students who should be interested in improving their preparation by including in their program of study additional nontechnical, scientific, or technical subjects. There are still other students who realize the importance of graduate study and who find it advantageous to utilize the summer session in accumulating advanced credits so that in four years they are in a position to complete a considerable portion of the requirements toward a master’s degree. The 1939 summer session of Purdue University will have facilities to take care of the abpve groups of stu(ients and in addition is planning certain special features which should prove most helpful to you m broadening your outlook on life. Freshman and sophomore engineering students who are irregular should take advantage of the summer session in getting into step, so that they can complete the requirements for a degree within a reasonable time. Since classes are small during the summer session, students find they can secure special attention from teachers during that period. Details concerning the summer session, June 15 to August 12, 1939, can be secured from the office of the director of the summer session, main floor of the Executive Building. A. A. POTTER, Dean of Engineering. Architect's Drawing Of Completed Union
Another Purdue opponent will be Northwestern with her great group of sophomores, so great that Bill DeCorrevont is playing second fiddle to a lad from Michigan on the frosh. Hammerstein and Jack Ryan make up a couple of gridiots that will be plenty distasteful to handle. —fc— Indiana will have her 1938 team in harness for the ’39 season; Minnesota is slated as being stronger than their ’38 edition. Ugh! —^fc— Certainly Purdue’s eleven looks impressive “on paper,” but will it survive the juggernaut threats it will receive this fall? Anyone who says that Mr. Elward has a child’s job is talking through his cranium covering. And we haven’t said a thing about the enemy linemen, as vital to an eleven as a rudder to the Queen Mary, goodness, goodness!
SpJoJtlilfjhJL
Keep up with the campus news— subscribe now!
• The Summer Session
Purdue Exponent
Both Swimming Pools To Be Open For Students Centering around the Fieldhouse, a complete sports program will offer this year’s summer session students every recreational opportunity possible. Memorial Gymnasium will also be open to the summer students. Sports included on the program are swimming baseball, golf, tennis, archery, handball, squash, badminton, horseshoes, and riflery. Intramural tournaments have been planned in several of the sports as well as “Games on the Green” which will be " held on specified days.
Speech Department Offers Corrective, Individual Study Courses in Summer Session Three new courses will be offered in the Speech Department this summer; “Speech Correction Programs for Schools,” “Directed Individual Study,” and “Radio Program Production.” Given as a three weeks’ intensive unit course, the speech correction course will analyze established speech correction programs in the American school .systems as presented by visiting lecturers. It will also include a study of effective methods of individual speech correction for pupils. Twelve hours of speech, psychology, or education are pre-requisites for the course which will last from June 12 till July 1. The second course, “Directed Individual Study,” may be either a three-, six-, or nine-week intensive unit course for students who wish to make an independent and systematic study in one of several fields. The fields of study include voice science, speech correction, public address, play production, radio speaking, psychology of speech, experimental phonetics, and speech tests and measurements. The speech department must approve applicants for the course. The third course, “Radio Program Production,” will be directed by G. D. Williams, program director of WBAA. Home Economics Studenfs Make And Model Clothes For Mother's Day Show Costumes, made by the students of home economics clothing classes, will be modeled at a style show for mothers on Saturday, May 13, at 10:30 a. m. in the Home Economics auditorium. Members of the senior millinery class will also display hats which they have made this semester. Bolts of draped material from Loeb’s will form the backdrop, and the models will appear on the stage between the blades of a large pair of pinking shears. Two dressmaking forms will stand on either side of the stage, giving the effect of a clothing laboratory. Betty Hegele is in charge of arrangements for the show, Marge Poor will announce and explain the dresses as they are modeled.
Library Science Course Scheduled A progi’am of study in Library Science, adapted to the need of teachers seeking to qualify as teach-er-librarians under the requirements set up by the Indiana State Board of Education, has been added to the summer session curriculum. Previous to 1938, the superintendents of the high schools chose their own librarians, under their own set of qualifications. Last year a group of three courses were offered for the benefit of those who were deficient. This group will not be offered in the ’39 session, but another group has been added to take its place. A complete list of the groups follow: Description Of Courses Group I Cataloging and Classification For School Libraries. Credit—three semester hours. Reading Interests of Children. Credit—three semester hours. Teaching The Use of The Library. Credit—one and one-half semester hours. Practice Library Work. Credit— one and one-half semester hours. Group II Reference. Credit—^three semester hours. Books For The High School Library. Credit — three semester hours. Administration Of The School Library. Credit — three semester hours. Group III Teaching Objectives And The Library. Credit — three semester hours. Special Problems In The Use of Books. Credit — three semester hours. Special Problems In Administration. Credit—three semester hours. Group I will be offered this year. Group II, which was offered in the 1938 summer session, and Group III, will be given in the 1940 session. Those registering for Library Science will take all courses offered in the group, with exceptions made for special cases. Both Groups I and II are required courses, while the courses in Group HI are optional under the new requirements set up by the Board of Education.
Both the Fieldhouse and Memorial G3rmnasium swimming pools will be available for summer swimmers. Men’s free swims are scheduled for the Fieldhouse pool at 3 and 5 p. m. daily. Fiom 7:30 to 9 p. m., mixed swimming will be scheduled. Pool Open To Public On Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fiidays the Gymnasium pool will be open to the public at 3 p. m. Instructions for non-swimmers will be offered. At 4 p. m. an open swim for women will be held, and starting at 4:45 p. m. will be an open swim for men and women. The practice field north of the Fieldhouse will be the scene for “Games on the Green.” Badminton and squash courts will be set up. Archery ranges may also be available on this field. Golf Links Open Golfers will find ample facilities to practice the finer points of their game. The new set of practice links north of the West Stadium road will be open for use and the old range located at the north end of intramural field may also be used. All-campus tennis tournaments have been scheduled, both singles and doubles. The tennis courts, both men’s and women’s, will remain open under the regulation setup. The courts proved to be the most popular of the sports facilities at last year’s summer session. Sports Program for Co-eds Co-eds will find many sports activities for their benefit. Tennis and golf instruction will be scheduled Tuesdays at 4 p. m. Archery instruction will be held at 4 on Thursday afternoons. This instruction is free to students; other women are required to pay a two dollar locker deposit. The recreation activities will be in charge of Professor M. L. Clevett, of the division of the physical education for men, and Professor Helen W. Hazelton, of the department of physical education for women. Al Stewart Has Artide About Choir Published \ Albert P. SteWart, choral director of Purdue, is the author of an article entitled “A Tiuly Volunteer Choir,” in the April-May issue of the National Association of Choir Directors’ bulletin.
Announce Co-ed Athletic Program For Summer
Many different kinds of sports will be included in the co-ed athletic program for summer school, recently announced Miss Helen Hazelton, director of the PEW department. Swimming periods will be conducted every day in both Memorial Gym and Fieldhouse pools. These swims were most popular on the sports program last summer, according to Miss Hazelton. Free instruction will be given to co-eds in archery, tennis, and golf, to be climaxed by tournaments in these sports. Non-students may participate by paying a locker deposit fee. Horseback Is Possibility As a new feature, horseback riding classes will be conducted through the facilities of the Purdue Riding Stables, if enough students are interested in the course. Those who like badminton, handball, volleyball, tennis, and shuffleboard also will have opportunities to amuse themselves at their favorite sports.
Prof. Helen Hazleton wiU dureet activities in the department of phy^ ical education for women dwhiff summer schooL> ^
^ I,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, May 6,1939
Graduate Courses Open In
M r\ . . A I r I I Meet Here Jiine|27
Departments And Schools
Records Show Graduate School Most Popular During Summer
Graduate courses foi the 1939 summer session will be offered in agiicultuie, home economics, phaimacy, biology, chemistry, physics, mathematics, economics, English, histoiy, modem languages, education, psychology, and physical edu cation Advanced degiees offeied by the University aie mastei of science, mastei of science in education, niastei of science in engineeiing, mastei of science in home economics, mastei of science in psychology, mastei of physical education, and doctor of philosophy Admission to the giaduate school IS seemed through appioval of the Giaduate Council, which, along with Dean Dukes, of the giaduate school, IS lesponsible foi its diiection Requiiements foi a Master’s de gree is thiity semestei hours of graduate work, while requirement for the Doctor’s degiee is six full semesters of woik Completion of these degiees would oidinaiily requiie attendance at four summer sessions foi the master’s and a proportionately longer attendance for the doctoi’s degree If past records are any indication of future possibilities, the 1939
THESE ROOMS FOR SUMMER STUDENTS ONLY THREE ROOMED furnished apartment Electric refrigeration Continuous hot wa ter Phone 76413
SINGLE ROOMS for summer school Mrs Earl Lynch 403 Waldron
ONE ROOM double bed Boys preferred Mrs J E Street 115 Coliimbia
GIRLS—Summer school rooms Call Mrs Walz Phone 3340 466 Vine St
Intensive Unit Courses - (Continued from page 3)
Methods in Job Analysis in Vocational Agri-
Leadership for Rural Youth —Cr. 3 Foundations of Education.—Cr. 3.
Methods and Materials in the Social Studies. Research in Home Economics Education.—
Education S157 culture —Cr. 3 Education S158 Education S187 Education S192
—Cr 3
Education S230
Cr 2-3
Three Weeks—July 3-22 School of Agriculture Agronomy SlOa Official Methods of Seed Testing—Cr. ll^. Agronomy SlOb Identification and Control of Noxious Weeds—Cr II/2 School of Home Economics Foods and Nutrition S136 Readings m Foods —Cr. 2. Foods and Nutrition S245 Seminar m Foods and Nutrition —Cr. 1-3 Home Administration S203. Housing Problems.—Cr. 3. Home Administration S247. Seminar in Home Administration—Cr 1-3 Institution Management S139 Institution Marketing.—Cr. 3. Institution Management S249 Seminar in Institution Management —Cr. 1-3. Division of Education and Applied Psychology Education S60 Foreman-Conference Leadership Training.—
Cr 3
Education S156 Methods in Teaching Supervised Farm Practice—Cr 3 Education S190. Remedial Reading.—Cr. 3. Three Weeks—July 24-August 12 School of Home Economics Clothing and Textiles S201. Special Problems.—Cr. 3. Clothing and Textiles S243. Seminar in Clothing and Textiles. —Cr 1-3 Institution Management S142. Institution Organization.—
Cr 3.
Department of Mathematics Mathematics SA. Algebra.—Cr. 0. Three Weeks—August 14-September 2 Department of Mathematics Mathematics SO. Solid Geometry.—Cr. 0. Four Weeks—June 15-July 13 School of Pharmacy Pharmacy S138. Elementary Clinical Radiography.—Cr. 4. Department of Physics Physics S232a. X-rays and Crystal Structure.—Cr. 3. Four Weeks—July 14-August 10 School of Pharmacy Pharmacy S138. Elementary Clinical Radiography.—Cr. 4. SIX-WEEK COURSES Department of English and Speech Speech S104. Debate Coaching Problems.—Cr. 2-3. Speech S140. Forms of Occasional Speech.—Cr. 2-3. Sjjeech S141. Speech Correction.—Cr. 2. Speech S146. Seminar in Speech Pathology.—Cr. 2. Speech S170. Seminar in Rhetoric and Persuasion.—Cr. 2-3. Speech S181. Seminar: The Audience.—Cr. 2-3. School of Science Physics S150. Teacher’s Course in Demonstration and Lecture Technique.—Cr. 3. Physical Education S185. Seminar in Physical Education.— Cr. 2. / Physical Educal^on S191. History and Prinqiples of Physical Eduction and Health.—Cr. 3. Physical Education S250. Seminar in Administration and Supervision of Recreation.—Cr. 3. Department of Physical Education for Women Physical Education S6. Swimming.—Cr.
COOL comfortable double room for two students Nice location 612 Northnde Drive
BOOMS for summer students Reasonably priced Hot and cold running water One block fiom campus Call 45761 223 Waldron
TWO DOUBLE ROOMS Summer rates Hot water Phone 8246 323 N Salisbury
summer session will find more students doing: woik in the graduate division than in any other single classification In 1938, graduate students totaled 336, as against 127 freshmen, 193 sophomores, 289 junlois, and 239 seniors Of these 336 graduate students, 107 were enrolled in education and applied psychology, 73 in science, and 39 in agriculture The smallest numbers eni oiled in any schools were 3 each in civil and general engineering
COMFORTABLE rooms close to the campus for summer school students Mrs Van Muter 116 University
NICE well ventilated rooms 1% blocks from campus Automatic water heater Innerspring mattresses Call 2847
TWO DOUBLE and one single room for boys Clean and loomy 124 DeHart
ROOMS for summer school Close to cam pus 129 Vine Phone 7264
FIVE COOL and comfortable rooms for students Double and single 362 North western
ROOMS for summer school students Mrs Isa Swadly 21 University
ONE SINGLE room Hot running water Phone 76364 167 Pierce St
ROOMS for summer students Reasonable rates Phone 2632 224 Vine St Mis Prank Denzler
Dr J B Edmonson, of the University of Michigan, will be one of the ten leaders who will discuss current educational problems at the Clinic
DOUBLE ROOM on first floor 230 Wood St Phone 46104
FOB BENT—Rooms for summer students Both single and double rooms also an apartment. 138 Chauncey Ave
STUDY ROOMS and sleeping porch with twin beds 609 Dodge St
REASONABLE rooms for summer school Mis Duncan 27 University REDUCED summer lates Shower single beds large rooms Across from Union 146 N Grant St
COOL ROOMS for summer school 219 South Grant St
TWO ROOM apartment Three room apartment Suitable for students 702 Dodge Street
SUMMER SCHOOL rooms Reasonable Phone 31912 Mrs Ida Boyce
COOL reasonable rooms for summer school 224 South Grant St
ROOMS for boys Across fiom the Memo rial Union 120 N Grant
SINGLE OR DOUBLE room for boys Mrs George Stafford 126 Chauncey 66763
ROOM for two students Twin beds Low prices 212 E Lutz St
ONE SINGLE and one double room Bath adjoining Private entiance Rooms on ground floor 248 Chauncey
REASONABLE rooms close to the cam pus Mrs L E Mooie 6290 321 Vine
REASONABLE rooms for siJtaimer school 428 North Grant
DOUBLE ROOMS for six students Low summei rates Hot running water Mrs E L Sprankle 328 N Salisbuiy
* NINE STUDENTS Single and double bed accommodations 15 N Salisbury Phone 41702
REASONABLE looms for summer school 127 Waldron St Mrs Blanch Barber
ROOMS for five boys One block south of Union Building 267 Wood
NICE COOL BOOMS for summer school 217 South Grant Street.
ONE DOUBLE room Single beds $8 00 monthly Miss Elizabeth Aiken 167% Pierce St
MODERN 5 ROOM ajijaitment garage in eluded Near campus 312 Fowler
ROOMS for 11, boys Dorm Summer rates Mrs E P Young 231 Pierce St
ROOMS for summer school Call 46381 Mrs Faun Meiley 212 Wiggins
FOB RENT—^Two room apartment. Private entrance Summer rate Phone 2697
Physical Education S75 Applied Kinesiology and Corrective Physical Education —Cr 3 Physical Education C83. Principles of Health and Physical Education—Cr 3 Physical Education S92 Recreational Leadership.—Cr. 3. Physical Education S151 Problems of Physical Education —
Cr 3
SIX- OR NINE-WEEKS COURSES Department of English and Speech Speech S124. Standard of Pronunciation —Cr. 2-3. Speech S142. Clinical Methods in Speech Correction —Cr. 2-3. Division of Education and Applied Psychology Sociology S177. Rural Sociology.—Cr 2-3 Sociology S178 Urban Sociology.—Cr. 2-3 Sociology S179 Social Pathology.—Cr 2-3 Sociology S181 Criminology and Penology —Cr. 2-3 THREE-, SIX-, OR NINE-WEEKS COURSES Department of English and Speech Speech S199. Directed Individual Study.—Cr. 1-3. Speech S200. Research Problems in Speech —Cr. 1-4 Division of Education and Applied Psychology Education S140 Individual Research Problems.—Cr. 1-6 Education S152 Problems in Agricultural Education —Cr. 3. Education S199. Research in Trades and Industrias —Cr. 3. Psychology S140. Individual Research Problems —Cr. 1-6 Sociology S140. Individual Research Problems —Cr. 1-6. THREE- OR SIX-WEEKS COURSE Division of Physical Education for Men Physical Education S175. Individual Research and Study.—
Cr 2-4.
Division of Education and Applied Psychology Education S123 Introduction to the Technology of Tests and
Measurements ^—Cr. 3.
Education S128 High School Supervision —Cr. 2-3
Indiana School Law.—Cr. 1.
School Budgets and Accounting.—Cr. 3. School Grounds, Houses, and Equipment.—
Education S129. Education S130. Education S132.
Cr.3
Education S185 School—Cr 2-3. Education S186
Extracurricular Activities in the Secondary
Secondary School Curriculum —Cr. 2-3.
Psychology SlOl. Advanced Education Psychology.—Cr. 2-3. Psychology SllO. Psychology of Adolescence —<Cr. 2-3. Psychology S131. Statistical Methods in Education and Psy-
chology.—Cr. 2-3.
Psychology S183. Appraisal of Psychological Programs Operating in U. S. Industry.—Cr. 3. Psychology S201. Critical Analysis of Published Research in Educational Psychology —Cr. 2. Psychology S282. Advanced Field Problems in Industrial
Psychology.—Cr. 3.
Division of Physical Education for Men Physical Education S6. Swimming.—Cr. 1.
Physical Education S7. Advanced Swimming and Life-Sav-
ing.—Cr. 1.
Physical Education S21. Principles of Intramural Activities.
—Cr. 3.
Physical Education S32. Principles and Practices in Football
Coaching —Cr. 3.
Physical Education S33 Principles of Remedial Gymnastics.
Cr. 3.
Physical Education S41. Principles and Practices in Basket-
ball Coaching.—Cr. 3.
Physical Education S43. ment of Athletic Injuries.— Physical Education S151.
and Health.—Cr. 3.
Prevention, Diagnosis, and Treat-
-Cr. 2.
Problems in Physical Education
University Sponsors Tenth Annual Music Festival Here June 17 Two representatives in each of the following classes will be chosen to represent the state of Indiana at the tenth annual Chicagoland Music Festival in a preliminary festival to be held on the University campus, Saturday, June 17 men and women vocal, men, women, and mixed choral, adult and juvenile band, violin, corner, and accordion. This announcement was made recently by Albert P Stewart, University choral director and director and director of the University Music Fes-
tival
Throughout the day there will be elimination contests to choose the two highest rating winners to participate with a guest §tar, to be announced, in the gala festival of music in the Fieldhouse that night To Award Winners Trophies, medals and other tokens of distinction will be awarded at the evening festival in the Fieldhouse All participants must be at the night festival or they will be automatically disqualified Also on the summer session music program are the usual summer sings which will be held in the stadium with the summer session chorus participating As soon as-the registration IS completed, Stewart will start work on the chorus. Other plans for summer session musical activities will be announced as soon as the committee in charge has a chance to complete its work
The twelfth annual Personnel and Industrial Relations Institute, for persons interested in personnel work, will open June 21 for a three and one-half day session. Although not a part of the regular summer session, the Institute is being sponsored by summer session officials m conjunction with other departments of the University and the Indiana
Personnel Association.
It IS arranged for the purpose of bringing together workers m the industrial personnel and industrial relations fields, and will deal primarily with relations between personnel officers and individual employees There will also be discussion of employees’ viewpoints as well as of current problems and pro-
cedures
To Parallel Last Year The program will follow the lines of last year’s institute, which was prepared after questionnaires were sent out to determine topics for dis-
cussion
Heading the list of speakers at the session are Clarence J Hicks, chairman of the industrial relations counselors, and L C Morrow, editor of Factory Management and Maintenance, both of New York. A program of speakers will soon be printed and will be obtainable at the personnel office. Registration June 21 Registration will begin at 9 a. m. Wednesday, June 21, in the Union lobby Fees will be $4 60 for the entire three and one-half days, or $1 50 per day. Those paying the total amount will receive a copy of the proceedings of the conference In charge of the Institute is a committee composed of J. E Walteis. University director of Personnel, Prof R J Greenly, F C Hockema, assistant to the president; DeanW A Knapp, and C W Jones, president of the Indiana Personnel Association
Men—make Cary Hall your summer home. Live in cool, comfortable surroundings that are conducive to good study. In your spare moments, you can go swimming or play tennis; the fieldhouse is just across the street. Make your reservation now— Breakfasts and light lunches may be had at nominal prices in The Cary Club Grill. Call or address Manager, Cary Hall. $32.00 for full summer session (room only). You won’t mind the hot summer if you live in— diedt (Shorter sessions at correspondingly reasonable rates. For further information call or write the Manager of Cary Halls.)Sciturday. May 8« 1939
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Riveter Football Team Plays Intra-Squad Game Today
Tennis Squad Beats Ball State 5-2 In Long Match
In a meet that lasted from 3 until almost 7:30, the Purdue tennis team defeated Butler five matches to two on the home
courts yesterday afternoon. The match was featured by long rallies with equally long games and the sets followed the same line. Two of the first three singles matches all went to three sets, but the Boilermaker racquet wielders won out in all of the lengthy affairs. Herb Fuente defeated Maple in the top singles encounter 7-6, 4-6, 6-4 for Purdue’s opening victory and Boilermaker George Alexander continued with a 14-12 triumph in the first set over Hobbens, but won the sec-
ond a bit easier, 6-3.
The doubles provided more close tennis as the nuihber one Purdue combination of Mann and Alexander won out 10-8, 10-8 over Maple and Hobbens and Blitz and Hebbeler dropped the number two match 6-2, 8-6 to Johnson and Brumfield.
^uddsutii QhoksL By Joe Dolan
Golf Team Defeats Annual Freshman Award DeiroH11-?;Meeb Jo Be Made At Half-Time
Notre Dame Today
Thisi afternoon the squad meets Armour Tech at 2 p. m. on the home courts. Michigan, 3; Illinois, 1 Ann Arbor, Mich.—Michigan defeated Illinois 3-1 here today behind the three-hit pitching performance of Danny Smick. Bill Steppon, sophomore outfielder, clinched the Wolverine victory with a triple with two on in the seventh. Hlinois 000 000 100—1 3 \ Michigan 000 001 20x—3 6 2 Zeller, Alexander and McConnell; Smick and Beebe.
Thinlies Face Illinois At 10
This Moxninff
Joining with the baseball squad
to start today’s sports activities off, the track team will meet Illinois at 10 o’clock this morning in EossAde Stadium. The Riveters will be out to avenge a 75-56 defeat handed
them by the Illini last year. Illinois boasts of a strong group
of entries in the field events, headed by Diefenthaler who took first place in the high jump at the Drake Relays, the Chicago Relays, and has not been beaten in a dual meet this
year.
73 Receive (Continued from page 1) diana in eleven innings, commented on the rise in Purdue’s baseball prestige. “If the boys keep playing the ball they are now, there will be new baseball interest here.” Hermon Phillips, whose track team faces the Illinois squad today, said he was behind the eight ball, and could not tell the outcome of the squad’s season at this point. G. A. Young introduced famous athlete grads before the main program began.
Health
Happiness Friendships in the Union. Make your visit to the Union a daily habit. JhSL fijUAduSL WjufufdoL lAniDfL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
It’s too bad the Boilermakers finished up their little battle of waiting out Indiana in the last of the eleventh even though the game would have been called if they hadn’t, so it is said . . . the scorers didn’t have any more room in their books, the umpires were late for dinner as it was and the boys were getting worried about being late for the “P” Banquet . . . it’s too bad Hearn lost his patience with the game and finished it up by driving in the winning run ... we were all set to spend the night there. —felt would have been a crime if Bob Bailey hadn’t won the ball game after the performance he turned in . . . Dale Gentil was right in there, too, garnering five strike outs to Bob’s six . . . Bailey’s popularity reached a high when he struck out the fifth man up in the eighth with men on second and third . . . psychologically quite a let down for the desperately swinging batter. —^fc— Today’s game will probably be rampant with even more thrills as the Cream and Crimson nine tries to knock Bredewater out of the box /knd Purdue out of the top stall in the Big Ten baseball stable . . . the track meet with Illinois gathers its share of glory, too. —fc— This week in practice Holderman ran a 4:15 mile . . . there’s a track man to watch this morning .. . then Wejber tossed the shot 47 feet, 10 inches to lift his record another few notches . . . the quarter mile holds potential strength which may be forthcoming too, so Gala .Week crowds will be far from lacking for brilliant performances in the sports line.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
Despite the defeat of Capt. John David by Bob Babbish, Western Amateur Champion and fourth ranking amateur in the United States, Purdue’s golf squad defeated the University of Detroit’s links troupe here yesterday, 11-7. Babbish won in both his singles and doubles matches when with the aid of Talbot, he defeated the Boilermaker doubles duet, David and McKenzie, 2 1-2 to 1-2. In the first match of the morning, David was defeated by Babbish 2-1. David was one up at the end of the first nine holes hut finished with a final 72 to Babbish’s 71. Riveter linksmen made a comeback in the afternoon, however, as Marshall and Hoffer of Purdue defeated Temple and Fegors, Detroit golfers, 3-0. In the other singles matches of the afternoon, Marshall of Purdue, vanquished Temple of Detroit, 2-1; McKenzie, Purdue, defeated Talbot, Detroit, 2-1; Hoffer, Purdue defeated Fegors, Detroit, 2 1-2 to 1-2. Notre Dame Next The Boilermakers won the foursomes on a final total of 3 1-2 to 2 1-2. They defeated Detroit in the singles matches by gaining 7 1-2 points to the visitors 4 1-2. Coach Allspaw’s squad will meet Notre Dame here today in a match that will be part of the Gala Week program. Four Judges Pick Best Eggs, Chicks Blue ribbons for eggs and baby chicks entered in the annual show were passed out last night by three judges. The three women judging the 464 dozen eggs entered in the contest were Ruth Kreever, Logansport; Olive Gillespie, Rochester; and Annabelle Long, Mentone. All are federal inspectors of eggs marketed at the towns mentioned. William Ullman, Kokomo, judged the 99 boxes of baby chicks.
JACK LONG Famous Hair Stylist Formerly of Indianapolis Brings You CO-EDS Hollywood's Correct Versions of the BABY HAIR CUT One of the most popular and practical coiffures developed since hair climbed off the shoulder blades. Expert shaping and a soft permanent are fundamentals, with the hair cut to a length of three or four inches over the entire head. It can be worn in soft ringlets all over the head but can be adapted to other fashions as well. The new Baby Hair Cut is appropriate for street wear as well as for formal occasions. Mr. Long will be glad to give free consultation by appointment. PHONE 7901 Jewel Maxwell, Hostess LOEB&HENE COMPANY BEAUTY SALON Second Floor
PROBABLE LINEUPS GOLDS Position BLACKS Lehr LE Thursby Harmsen LT Potter Donnelly LG Bykowski Hobbs C Momingstar J. Winchell RG Miller R. Johnson RT Timperman Sprowl RE Britt Montague QB Gale Mcllwain LH Galvin Byelene RH Brock F. Winchell FB DeWitte OFFICIALS—Referee, Miller, Indianapolis; umpire, Helvie, South Bend; fiield judge, Elliott, Fort Wayne; head linesman,
Yamelle, Wabash.
Providing the alumni with a chance to get a preview of next year’s Boilermaker football team, the Gold and Black grid squad will be divided into two teams for the annual Gimlet Club intra-squad contest at 3 o’clock this afternoon in Ross-Ade ■ Stadium.
Independents Must Turn In Points For Participation Trophy “All independent men who wish to compete for the trophy given annually by Reamers and the Intramural department must turn in their total number of points at the Intramural office immediately,” announced Ralph Reiley, Reamer in charge, last night. The trophy is given to the independent student who has achieved the most distinguished rating in athletics during the current school year. Purpose of the trophy is to increase interest and to recognize accomplishments in athletics. Points are awarded in the following manner: five points for winning a major letter in either a major or minor sport; four points for a minor letter in either a major or minor sport; three points for participating on a winning intramural team; two points for participating on a runnerup or second place intramural team; and one point for participating on any intramural team. A complete list of the rules is posted in the intramural office m the fieldhouse.
WLW Broadcast (Continued from page 1)
Barton R. Gephart, ’24, vice-pres-ident of a Chicago coal company, will act as toastmaster and will introduce the guests of honor, George Ade, ’87, and John T. McCutcheon, ’89, and other speakers during the evening. Radio station WLW of Cincinnati will broadcast the proceedings of the banquet on a national network from 8 to 8:30 p. m., during which time Ade and McCutcheon will greet the radio audience. The Purdue Band and the Men’s Glee Club will provide music during the banquet which will be followed by the annual Senior-Alumni Dance in the ballroom to which only seniors presenting their passports will be admitted. Last year 620 seniors and alumni attended the banquet, the tickets being sold out by noon of the day of the banquet; consequently, seniors and faculty are urged by the committee to get their tickets early.
>411 the NEW
DWERS ^augliarCs SEEDSJOHN SPERB, Hdw.
As a between halves feature of football merit trophy will be given to the yearling who has shown the most improvement during spring drill, taking into consideration the scholarship, attitude, and attendance. The award of the $100 gold watch will be made by Burr Swezey, of Lafayette, president of the alumni association. In order to qualify for actual possession of the award, the winner must return to the University in the fall eligible for competition. Change Policy This year’s game will mark the abandonment of the policy of playing the yearlings against the combined forces of the sophomores and juniors. Coach Mai Elward has split the entire varsity squad into two groups that are as evenly balanced as possible and should result in closer competition than in the past. Advance ticket sales for the game according to Gimlet officials, indicate one of the biggest crowds that has ever witnessed a similar battle. Tickets for the game, priced at only 25 cents each, are on sale by Gimlet Club members and at the Union Building. They will also be available to the Stadium at game time. The Black squad will be headed by such veterans as Lou Brock, Ted Hennis, Augie Momingstar, but with pass tossing Mike Byelene and other equal stars on the ^nld team, the affair should be a battle from beginning to end.
Riveters Down (Continued from page 1)
son to Smithson for the final out. Two men were out in the Boilermaker half of the tenth when Yeager negotiated a single over third, stole second and went to third on a passed ball. Thompson ended the frame by striking out. The Hoosiers were taken care of in order in the last inning, and then came the Riveters’ winning run on Hearne’s dopble to left scoring Dean. Hearne was the top man in the hitting department, contributing a pair of doubles while Hoosier Danielson reached first safely on two trips to the pan. The summary: INDIANA AB R H Corriden, rf 6 0 0 Kosman, ss . „...4 0 1 Gwin, cf .„3 0 0 Cromer, lb 3 0 0 Andres, 3b 4 0 0 Danielson, 2b 4 0 2 Dro, If 3 0 0 Stoshitch, c 4 0 0 Gentil, p 4 0 0 Totals 36 0 S PURDUE, AB R H Hearne, 2b _.6 0 2 Dickinson, cf 4 0 , 0 Stamm, If 4 0 0 Mackiewicz, 3b 4 0 0 Yeager, rf ; 3 0 1 Thompson, ss 3 0 0 Bredewater, c .4 0 0 Smithson, lb 3 0 0 ♦Dean 0 1 0 Bailey, p _..,4 0 IStudent Health Service Will Remain Open During Regular Summer Session
student Health Service vdll remain open during the summer session, according to a statement by Hr. S. J. Miller, director. Medical and infirmary privileges will be included in the regular summer session fee of $31. A medical adviser will be in the Health Service office in the Executive Building from 8 a. m. to 4 p. m. on week days and from 8 a. m. to noon on Saturdays for consultation with any student on matters of health or hygiene. Treatment will be given, as far as possible, in the office. Cases requiring a specialist will be so referred without further obligation upon the University. Free Physical Exams Physical examinations required by the physical education departments will be given free of charge. Swimming certificates will be issued on the basis of these examinations. Students who for their own reasons request a complete physical examination will be required to pay an additional fee of $5. First aid will be administered in any accident or emergency occur'I’ing on the campus in connection with University duties. During the regular Health Service hours, prescriptions issued by a medical adviser, will be filled free of charge by the School of Pharmacy. This service does not include apparatus. Hospital Arrangements With the approval of the medical adviser, any student in good standing may be received in either St. Elizabeth Hospital or the Home Hospital of Lafayette during the summer session. Hospital expenses, not to exceed $10, will be allowed to help cover the cost of room, board, general nursing, drugs, dressings, and clinical examinations, including operating room fees or the charge of any physician, surgeon, or anesthesist. Bridge Tournament Enters Semi-Finals Thirty teams of four men each competed in the first semi-final round of the campus bridge championship in the Memorial Union ballroom Thursday night. Ten of these were eliminated in the contest; the remaining 20 being qualified for the second round of semi-finals next Monday night as follows: in the championship field Local No. 101, Chocolate Shop 4, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Beta Sigma Psi, and Pi Kappa Alpha. Qualified teams in the contending field are Four Aces, the Duffers (Kappa Kappa Gamma), the Kappas, Phi Gamma Delta No. 2, Kappa Alpha Theta, Phi Kappa No. 2, Theta Xi No. 1, Cary Club Aces, Beta Theta Pi, Delta Upsilon No. 1, Black Aces, Four Deuces, Phi Delts, Phi Gamma Delta No. 1, and Cary Club Varsity. The next round will be Monday, May 8, at 7:30 in the Union ballroom. Top and runner-up teams of both championship and contending fields will subsequently come together in a final four team playoff for the trophy.
Student Health Service is not responsible for the expense of X-rays or clinical examinations unless made at St. Elizabeth Hospital or the Home Hospital of Lafayette, or at the University. Any expense for such examinations will be deducted from the hospital service. Lieber Will Play In Cafeteria For Prom Hal Lieber and his Indiana University orchestra was signed yesterday afternoon to provide the cafeteria music for the Junior Prom according to an announcement made by publicity director Ralph Reiley. Lieber has played at several dances on the campus this year. In his letter to Prom committee chairman Benny Burns he said, “Pm very glad to get this job. I hope we can make the evening most enjoyable for Prom goers.” The dance will be a summer formal. The committee stated that tux trousers and white coat would be proper. Class Of '14 Returns One Hundred Strong For 25th Aniversary Class of ’14 is back for their twen-ty-fifth anniversary over 100 strong today. Although only 72 have registered, over one hundred alumni attended the “Pep Up” banquet last night in the Union. The number returning is far in excess of expectations, according to E. C. Star, secre-tary-treasurer of the class of ’14. Meet J5y bcnoois today One of the high spots on this morning’s program will be the meeting of the various schools of the class of ’14 in their original school buildings and with the professors that they had back in 1914. The Ags will meet in the old Agriculture Hall with Dean Fisher, present Dean of Men. Chemical Engineers and Dr. Middleton are meeting in the old Chemistry building and from there they will visit the new Chemistry building. Civils with Bill Knapp, present assistant Dean of Engineering, will congregate in the Civil building. Meet In Old Buildings Electrical engineers will travel « 1 in IT TTn 1 *1 J JLlUJtH tllC UlU l/U UllC new XUJUi ing with Dr. C. P. Harding taking his place as the head of the class. Professor G. A. Young will meet with the ’14 boys in Heavilon Hall and then visit the present ME building. Dean Coulter and his former Science classes will move from Stanley Coulter hall to the Home Ec building when they will meet with Miss Mathews. Members of the class of 1914 have come from all over the United States to visit the “new” University. A few of the distant states represented are Texas, California, Pennsylvania, New York, and Alabama.
Purdue To Start Counselor School For House Mothers Fundamentally a technical, science, and agricultural school, Purdue is opening a new field in social training and study, a training school for student counselors. Included under the title of student counselors are fraternity and sorority house mothers, and any student advisors. Starting this summer on June 19, the school will hold full time classes, lectures, and laboratory studies until July 15. Dean of Women Dorothey Stratton is largely responsible for originating the idea and putting it into effect. Sixty-six counselors, with some previous experience, have already been accepted for enrollment in the school, but because of limited accommodations the enrollment has been stopped temporarily, pending the arrival of Dean Stratton from an out-of-town trip. Purpose of School “The school will consider the approach which the housemother may make to problems relating to house management, including food supervision and direction of labor, student personality adjustments, development of attitudes, social advisement, individual counseling, and methods of intellectual stimulation,” states the bulletin issued to all fraternity counselors in summing up the complete purpose of the summer school. The training school has been divided into three major units dealing with separate problems of the housemother. The Irst unit, lasting two weeks, concerns “Problems of House Management,” and is under the supervision of the School of Home Economics. Subjects taken up during this first period are: meal planning, food purchasing, cost accounting, direction of labor, and house maintenance. Intragroup Relationships Second unit delves ito intragroup relationships and takes one week. The four general divisions of this unit are: “The development of socially desirable attitudes,” “The changing of undesirable attitudes,” “The teaching of social usages,” and “Intellectual stimulation.” Last week of the month long summer school will deal primarily with individual counseling, with the problems to be suggested by members of the group. To give moi’e opportunity for discussion, those attending the school will live in campus sorority houses. Tuition will be $18.00, and board and room in the sorority house for the four weeks will be $36.00.
Motorcyclisb Will Compete In 32 Mile Rate Tomorrow Endurance I Motorcyclists do you have it? The Purdue Motorcycle Club will sponsor a 32 mile endurance run Sunday starting from Budge’s Cycle Shop at 1:30 p. m. The course, laid out by Frank Kuhn, will contain about 12 miles of pavement, about 6 miles of ground “impassable except for a horse or a motorcycle,” and the rest gravel road. The run will be similar to last year’s run, only rougher, laughingly remarked Kuhn last night. Each cyclist will start with 100 points to his credit and be checked at six points along the route. Between check points the cyclist is expected to average 20 miles per hour and will have one point deducted from his score for each minute he is above or below the average time for that section. Last fall’s run was won by Bob Strieby with a score of 97, but he will not enter this run. Cyclists are asked to be at Budge’s Shop by one o’clock.
Classified Mds
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
PAPER HANGING asd cleaning. Phone 4802. Taylor.
INSIST on Chamberlin’s Ice Cream, Indiana’s finest Phone 3028.
WANTED—Apartment for two staff members for next fall Call Miss Paddock after 4 30. 76504
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Black net and lace dinner dress, also serge wool suit, full length coat. Excellent condition. Size 18. Call 3930.
LOST—Jeweled ATO pin, number 32736, in Fowler Hotel, Saturday night Call Murdock 3035 Reward.
LOST—Black and silver Parker pen between Recitation and Union buildings, 2 o’clock Thursday Liberal reward offered. Please notify Jim Campbell, 461% North Vine or call 4-6482.
LOST—Man’s Elgin wrist watch on aneetz stieet. rtewara. r'none conn obiii
Reward.
LOST—Ladies Gruen watch Mis. Thomas. Phone 2127.
During Gala Week
Meet your old class mates and
renew old friendships over a
delicious Hutton dinner.
^ ( twl
HUnON'S CAFE
410 Ferry Lafayette
WELCOME
GRADS-
This Gala Week is to be bigger and better than ever before. All your old friends will be back, and you will be discussing your gay and foolish college days. The campus has grown in size but the spirit is the same — why even Pete Anderson's Garage has remained the some. ' PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama Street
After You We Come First Phone 4048
FOR SALE—^Full dress suit in excellent condition. Phone 3318.
ROOMS FOR RENT
SUMMER ROOMS — Comfortable, well ventilate!! Close to campus. 226 W. Lutz. Phone 76472.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Small, square, black pledge pin. Engraved with gold compass points. Phone 31794.
Notices
iors and sophomores who have not submitted petitions do so by Monday momnig. Instructions are on bulletins board. —WINTER.
Purdue Motorcycle Club: All riders meet at Budge’s Cycle Shop Sunday, May 7, at 1 p. m. for cross-country run. All cyclists invited. —KUHN.
Wesley Foundation: Epworth League will be held at the Foundation house instead of the Church at 6:30 p. m. Sunday, May 6. Mr. Lawrence Pierce will speak on “Christianity in Business." Come one! Come all I There is no password. —GOINGS.
Activities Bureau Movie Staff: Will the following people please report to the Old Chestnut Room at 4 p. m. May 8: Charles Milner, Jack Wunderly, Ed Moss, Ernest DeWitt, Bill Hedden, Lawrence Hess, Kay Verner, and Miriam Gustafson. —LUTZ, GIPE.
Seniors: All seniors who expect to have jobs in or around Detroit should meet with L. G. LeFavour, secretary of the Purdue Detroit Club, in room P of the Union at 10 p. m. Saturday, May 6. —BAUGH.
Scabbard and Blade and POMM: Members who volunteered for salute firing report at 1:16 Saturday, May 6, at the Armory in formal uniform. —HANNAS.
Bridge Tournament: Time for the bridge tournament has been changed from 7 :00 to 7 :30 Sunday, May 7. —BOURNE.
Mortar Board Members: Anyone having any towle silver cards please call me as I want to mail them Saturday, May 6. —WOOD.
Sigma Delta Chi Actives: Very important meeting Monday, May 8, at 4:30 p. m. the Union ballroom. —BAILEY.
Independent Athletes: Reamer Club trophy will be awarded to the Independent Athletes with the high number of major, minor, and intramural points gained throughout the year. Anyone interested in being considered for the award should turn in his points in accoi dance to the rules posted in the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse. (6-20) —MIDDLETON.
Sophomore Senators: Report at scheduled times on Monday, May 8, for interviews: 4:10, Layson; 4:20, McCammon; 4:30, Ogden ; 4:40, Stewart; 4:60, Van Horn; 6, Wise; 6:10, Zwierlien; 6:20, Dilts. —JACOBI.
Freshman Engineers: All those enrolled in GE 2 report Saturday morning. May 6, at 8 a. m. to Eliza Fowler Hall. Selection of schools for next fall will be made. —KNAPP.
PE 6: Classes will resume Monday, May 8. —BRINDUSE.
Seniors: Those securing positions with Detroit, Windsor, and nearby firms are to meet with L. G. LeFavour, secretary of the Detroit Purdue Club, Saturday morning. May 6, at 10 a. m. in room F of the Union. —BAUGH.
University Orchestra: Rehearsal with chairs in the Fieldhouse Saturday, May 6, at 1 p. m. —PHILLIPS.
All Football Managers: Report to Fieldhouse at 2 p. m. Saturday, May 6. —BUTTERFIELD. Co-ed Swimming Meet: Practice Friday at 4 p. m.; Saturday at 11 a. m.; Tuesday at 4 p. m. Two practices required. —SPEARS.
Sigma Pi Sigma: There will be a meeting Monday, May 8, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 206 of the Physics building. New members will be nominated. —SUGGS.
Scrivener Members: Elections to be held before pledging ceremony Sunday, May 7, at 6:30 p. m. in room 2 of the Union. —JUSTIN.
Cosmopolitan Club: Members who are going to the picnic meet in the Union lobby at 2 p. m Saturday, May 6. —AYASUN.
Debris Sophomores: Check revised interview schedule on bulletin board of Debris Workshop before Monday, May 8. All jun
English I, Spelling Class and Exam: A spelling class will meet Monday through Friday, May 1-6, at 5 o’clock, in room 101, Education Building. Your instructor will give a make-up test soon after the conclusion of the class. First semester students, wildi C’s for spelling, whose instructors are no longer here, should come to room 211, University Hall, on Monday afternoon. May 8, at 6 o’clock. I —WYKOFF.
Guard Your Personal Appearance
’In.smarf . i'''' %
CROWN LAUNDRY West Side Office—Top of the Hill
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everythinfl for ■ College Education H. G. REISNER
• Professional
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST l)9ViVine West Lafayotte Phone 4965
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at lin Phone SOSO
• Jewelers
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Locksmith
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night hrtdiM and pacNeoka. Auto keys a specialty. Btcyclea, ac'essorles and repairing, MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phene 2t2S