■ v^
k^..
SCABBARD, BLADE To Pick Best ROTC Soldier At 1 Today
SEE SECOND RACp For News On Co^ Easter Activiti^
Established 188S!
Daily Since 1906
^joiume 53, No. 159
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, April 4, 19^2
wtsiweoK MRNY-60-
By DreV Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Schricker Speaks At FFA Meeting
Cecil IsbeiL Don Hutson
To Select Best ROTC
Three Day Session Ends At Noon Today
Soldier At I Today OpCn 11th Coaches Clinic
TPl’OC li SVS ri m
Padilla Personifies Real '^Good Neighbor" In Relations With U. S.
: WASHINGTON, April 3. — We have a lot to worry about in various parts of the world—India, Australia, the Near East. But, closer to home> the arrival of a distinguished Jbrei^n diplomat this week emphasised the fact that we have a lot to be thankful for among our neighbors. The visitor was the Mexican Minister of Foreign Affairs, Ezequiel l^adilla, six feet, erect, bronzed and hanidsome, a man for whom the crowds in Rio de Janeiro last winter cheered themselves hoarse. In Washington, stoic Anglo-Sax-on crowds did not go .wild. There was no cheering when Padilla paissed down Pennsylvania Avenue. Rut to Lalin-American diplomats ^nd tjic State Department it wa.s a remai'kablc occasion. For this is the first time in anyone’s memory that a Mexican Foreign Minister lia.s visitor Washington. In'l92T, Frank li. Kellogg, Secretary of .State under Coolidge, sent a telegram to Mexico warning that it vyas' “on trial’’ before the world. And ill the last war, Mexico listened syinpatlietically to German plots against the United States. • No Fiffh Column ; Rut undei' Foreign Minister Padilla and his friciully goycriimciit it is dilferoiit. Facing a battery of newsmen after his arrival, Padilla \Vas asked: , “How many Japanese do you have?” “About five thousand,’’ said Padilla. Then he smiled, “if you want tlie precise cipliers—4,800. Padilla know precisely, for he has rounded up every one of the Axis residents of Mexico, and confined their leaders to the rugged old fortress of San Carlos de Perote, scene of bloody battles between the MexicMiis and the Frciicli in tlic days of Emperor Maximilian. "We are keenly aware of the danger,” says Padilla. “1 believe the peril of fifth column activity is the. greatest problem for Mexico today. And' the same thing is true for other Latin-Americaii countries, such as Brazil, which has 300,000 Japanese; and Argentina and Chile, which have large settlements of Germans.” In contrast to this, Washington ollicials remember 1917, and Lothar Witzkc. • Germnn Plot In Mexico Shortly after the break of relations between' Germany and the United States in the first World War, a German spy named Lothar Witzke fled to Mexico City, reported to German Minister Von Eckhardt, and boasted to his friends that as soon as he could get back across the border, “Hell will break loose in the United States, sometime in April or May.” His scheme was to organize an upiising among Negroes, to blow up mines, bridges, railroads, industrial plants and communication lines. Witzke W'as only one of the German spies who fled to Mexico/—but he was the most desperate of the lot. He had played an important part in the destruction of those two ^rregt arsenals in New Jersey, Black Torn and Kingsland. Later he was caught, hailed before a U. S. Milii tary Commission, and condemned “to be hanged by the neck until dead.” ■ But before that happened, he had leceived the assistance of Gen. Calles, military governor of Sonora, who supplied him with a revolver and a permit to carry it in Mexico. Gallos was strongly pro-German, as was President Carranza himself, and many members of the Mexican cabinet. This attitude in Mexico was so (See MERRY-GO-ROUND, page 4)
Governor -Henry Ff Schricker was the principal speaker at the annual banquet of the Future Farmers held last night In the North Ballroom of the Union. In his talk before the 328 delegates and gi^ests, Schicker praised the founders of the organization for their foresight and told of the large numbers of Indiana youth confined in penal institutions. He suggested the Future Farmers organizations, as well as other youth associations, as remedies for the large number of young criminals and he charged the assembled delegates with the responsibilities of increasing their membership and increasing agricultural production during the war period. In closing Schricker urged the boys to go to church and he told the delegates that spiritual power is the backbone of government. He challenged the boys to go back to their communities, do their job just a little better and help liiakc our nation, indivisable, with liberty and justice for all. Preceding Schricker’s luldre.ss, Irvin SchcMck, national president of the organization was introduced and Harry Ainsworth, state 'advisor, presented numerou.s awards to the delegates. Bill Prather, slate |)rcsidciit, presided at the banquet: Thirteen delegates were awarded flic degree of “Iloosier Farmer” and Donald Davis of Corydon was announced as the winner of the' pul)lie .siieaking contest heUr yesterday aXLernoon. Various other, awards and prizes' were, presented .'ll last niglit’s hanquel-. The Ihirteenth annual convention will close today at noon. Over 300 delegates from all parts of Indiana have taken part in the threu day meeting.
Ensign Childs, Naval Aviation Cadet Board
Meets Here Monday
Ensign Robert Childs of the Chicago Naval Aviation Cadet Selection Board will be on campus Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday of next week to interview applicants for the second “Flying Boilermakers” Naval' aviation squadron^ A medical officer will accompany Ensign Ghilds to conduct preliminary physical examinations. Candidates for training as Naval Aviation cadets must be between the ages of 19 and 27, unmarried, and in good health. They must have completed two years of college before beginning the training program. Sophomores are accepted for enlistment pending completion of the ^required work. The :second “F 1 y i n''g Boilermakers” squadron will be inducted soon after the end of the present school term. Students who wish to talk to Ensign Childs should go to the Personnel Office and schedule u definite time for an interview.
Freshman and sophomore basic military students entered in’ the Best Soldier Contest sponsored by Scabbard and Blade, military fraternity, will meet this afternoon at
1 in the Armory.
At this time, the contestants will be judged as to their ability in botfi practical as well as theoretical military fundamentals. The judges will be members of Scabbard and Blade. The attitude of each individual while on the drill floor rur-, ing the past semester will be considered of great importance in the selection of the Best Soldier. The purpose of this contest is to create more personal interest in the corps by the student body. The contest is conducted annually by Scabbard and Blade and is open to all students in the Basic Course in the ROTC. ■
Saivener Club Sub
Mine For Stories Coecfies, PUym
This Afternoon Af 4
U. S. Forestry Dept. Requests Students For Summer Work
New Ordnance Class
To Train Inspectors For Defense Plants
Petitions For Jobs
In Student Senate
Due Next Thursday
Next year’s Junior !uid Senior Student Senate positions arc open to all sophomores and juniors who pro:-;cnt a pclitioii to (lie SeiiaLc before April 9. Petilioiis must liear 50 .signatures from llie )»eUlioiicr';; school. Reprcsciilalives will be chosen froni tile ME, EJC, Civil, PSE, Pliarmacy, PE, Science, Ag, ChE, Met, and HE schools. Petitions may he act(uired in tlic Senate office any afternoon from 4 till ,5. A fee of one dollar must accompany each petition to covci' cost of election. FolloVving nominations by the petitions, the entire student body is entitled to vote at the election to bo held April 16. Representatives elected at this time will hold office for the summer term.
Beginning- April 10, a new class for junior ordnance inspectors will start on the campus. The fir.st section) which Ijcigun March 2, will contiiine through May. Applicants arc Selected by civil service Cxains and during the, three nmiilh.s of Li'aining will be paid at the rate of p,400 per year. Quali(ical.ions for the course include one year of college or University work, acquired at a recognized school, luivi)jg at least six semester hours eiich of chemistry, jihysics ipnl inalheluntics. Ordnance inspector.-diii) is a. full time course offered by the defense training program and is opwi lo both men and ^voineii l.>etween the ages of 18 and 55. Instiuction is givoFi in the fundamentals of inspecting (.irdnaiice nialei'inls to de.terniine coinpliance with techhicgl specifications.
Twenty young students are wanted by the United States Forestry Service foi- employment during the three siiiiimcr monllis to work as fii-e fighters and general forest jobber.s. The busie pay is seventy cents per houi' . According to Dr. E. K. Martcll, head of tlic Forc.stry department, student,s acecjiting tins work arc usually sent lo one of the large national government parks in the Rocky Mountain area, Montana or Idalio. Many forestry students have alre;.uiy accepted this type of job, but, said Martell, many move arc needed. Anyone interested should see MartcJl in tile norticullure Building.
All manuscripts for the fifteenth annual literary contest sponsored by the Scrivener Club must be in either room 108 or room 205A of University Hall by this afternoon. This contest entails several types of literary effort and prizes will be awai’ded in each division. The divisions are: poetry, short story, scientific essay, infoimial essay, the short play, and Indiana historical essay. No Banquet This year, awards will be announced on April 13 over a special radio program broadcast by WBAA. This program is taking the place of the usual banquet in the interest of national defense conservation. In keeping with the defense spirit, prizes for this year will be bonds and stamps. President E. C. Elliott is scheduled to speak on this program. The Winterrowd contest winners will also be announced at this time. The purpose of this Winterrow'd library contest is to reward senior students having the most complete private libraries on specified subjects.
By Clint Howards
Cecil Isbell and Don Hutson, star performers on the Green Bay Packer professional football team, and acclaimed nationally as the most feared passing combination in the pro football world, yesterday added a touch of their prowess to the eleventh annual Purdue Football Qlinic being held in the Field/ ——^— — house under the auspices of
University Choir Ends Convo Season With Sacred Cantata
I By Bob Freyman Climaxing one of its most bril-
the Boilermaker sports de-
partment.
Isbell and Hutson each spoke on their various ends of the passing combination, Hutson taking charge of the receiving end, Isbell elaborating on the
firing technique.
Hutson, the first speaker of
Modern Dance Club
Sponsors Program,
Classes Today At 2
Stratton Will Speak At U. Of Cincinnati
Miss Marjorie Parkin will be featured at a program sponsored by the Modern Dance Club today at 2 in the Women’s Meinorial Gymnasium. The Dance Club together
liant seasons on the campus, the the two, was a tall slimly built University Choir, under the direc- man with long arms from tion of Albert P. Stewart, presented which dangled huge hands, fulfiU“Tlie Seven Last Words of Christ” ing a portion of. his formula for a before an audience of two thousand successful pass receiver, last night in the Music Hall. Hutson began his short talk by The introduction to the cantata giving a few desirabilities in a good was sung by Albert Schmadel, a pass receiver, among which were soprano. Completing the program the natural ability to catch the ball, were solos by Charles Powell, Wil- speed on one’s feet, a build for the liam Morgan, Marvin Smith, Wil- job (adequate height and reach with liam Rothenberger, Marjorie Wil- large hands), a deceptive change of liamson, William Kennedy, Jim pace, and most important of all a
Chase, Alfred Hubert, Ray Friend, good passer, and Elmer Carlquist. Hutson Continues
Sing In Indianapolis Hutson stated when asked a qUesServicos at the Broadway Meth- tion about his deceptive ability, thkt odist Church in Indianapolis at 7:30 in pro ball, the passer had as much p. m. Easter Sunday Will conclude of a trial shaking the defensive llnetho Easter activities of the Univer- man as he did their secondary. Cbnsity Choir. Previous to the program eluding his talk, Don stressed thte the entire choir will be entertained direction receiver should 'take on at a banquet held by the church in jaunts after the oval, “Don't rtin its honor. The choir will present a in a circle, fun at angles, aiway^v*^ replica of the cantata presented last Cecil Isbell took Vhe floor at the
night in the Music Hall. This is the conclusion of Hutson’s talk, hftd first time that the entire 260 voice spoke on a few of his ideas of the
with groups from foqr Indiana universities will participate in the pro-
choir has ever been taken outside passing game. Cec stated that most the limits of West Lafayette to passers were also adept to playing
sing.
Honesty Committee Revises Regylations
University committee on the promotion of honesty in student work met yesterday to discuss revisions of the honesty booklet and to make plans for publicity. Reports of the various committees functioning during the past year wei-e given. Professor 0. G. Lloyd, head of the farm management department and chairman of the committee, presided at the meeting.
Dean of Women Dorothy Stratton will go to Cincinnati April 9 to attend a meeting of the Ohio As.sociation of Deans of Women at llicUniversity of Cincinnati. 'Slie will .speak at. the opening banquet of the meeting tliat evening on “Tlic College .Sludciit , iiuildy His Own .(defenses.” On Saturday, April ii at '11:30 a.111.. Dean Stratton will participate in a panel discu-ssion over radio station WLW, Otlier members of the discussion group will be Mrs. Katherine Ingle, Dean of Women at tlic University of Cincinnati and President of the Deans’ Association, and President Bragdon of Lake Eric College. While on tlic campus. Dean Stratton will meet with the Pan-Hellenic group of the University of Cincinnati in a discussion of their problems.
gram. Miss Parkin received her MS degi’ce ill dance from the University of Wisconsin and is now teaching at the Chicago YWCA. She will present a class on dunce techniques for all tlic attending dancers. Groups, from Butler University, Indiana State Teachers College, DePauw University, and Indiana University will perform with the University dance group under the direction of Miss Ann Bell. This program is open to the public and will include, in addition to the dancing of Miss Parkin and the various dance groups, piano selections by Noel Lee.
baseball, should be quick to throW, and when they throw—use judgment, arid know exactly where the ball is going. Also he remarked that passing the ball from the side of the field was not too good an idea. “The ball should be passed from the middle of the field even if a play has to be wasted to get the team in
Students should submit Univer- that position” stated the halfback, sity convocation program designs to and “Don’t wait till the last two Bob Parks who is in charge of the downs to pass the ball, pass on the Puttering Shops before April 20. something
else you can do. ^ Isbell Shows Holds On Ball
Contest For Convocation
Programs To End April 20;
Two Prizes Offered
Judges for the contest are Mrs. K. Lark-Horovitz, Prof. Justus Rising, and Prof. Marion Willoughby. Priz-
During his brief talk, Isbell showed his grips on the ball for
es of ten and five dollars respective- passing a long pass and a short ly, will be given to first and second pass. In passing the ball a distance,
E. C. Young
, . of tlic Farm Management Department spoke in Thorntown to a discussion group on farm prices last Monday.
Prom Ticket's
Student Art Guild Radio Committee
Alpha Phi Omega
. . . national service lionorary, announces the following pledges: Stanley Bair, Indianapolis; Myron Bender, St. Louis, Mo.; Irvin Carpenter, Washington, D. C.; James Craig, Indianapolis: Donald Frier, West Lafayette; Donald Haase, Winnotka, 111.; John Kallok, Gary; Albert Kimball, Pittsburgh, Penn.; Carl Luder, Washington; Malcolm MacDonald, Tulsa, Okla.; Claude Mounsey, Bluffton; Lloyd Myers, Indianapolis; Donald Thomas Wauwatosa, Wis.; Jolin Thornberry, Indianaiiolis; and Howard Weaver, Indianapolis.
Prom tickets for all students will go on sale this morning at 8 in the Cashier’s Office. The price i.s $2.20 including tax, and all purchasers must present their passports.
place winners. Isbell grasped the oval well’to'Ward ’lext Retained one end with the lacing running The text of the present programs down the center of the palm of his must be retained in the new designs hand. In throwing the ball a short which must also be appropriate to distance, Cec took a hold more tothe Music Hall. Sample progi-ains ward the center with his three finmay now be obtained in the Put- gers on the lacing.' tering Shops in the Union. Following the talks by the tVfo Any number of entries may be Packers, the crowd of coaches and submitted by one student as long spectators adjourned to the Stadii as they are drawn in India ink on uni where Isbell and Hutson gave a white ilkistration boai’d 12 x 18 demonstration of their capabilities, inches. Indicated in pencil on the Hutson used his old game policy of sample layout should be the size, walking back from a run down the style and placement of the type to fidd. No matter how far the ovhl be used. goes, Hutson always returns at a
slow walk.
University Grads Fly In U.S. Army Air Corps
At the conclusion of the passing (Sec COACHES, page 2)
AWS Names Members
Several Cadets Train At Air Bases In South
P. W, Melniyre Wins Honors In Far East
Of Executive Board
Reamer Club Picture Finishes Run Today
. . . consisting of Betty Duncan, Barbara Nord, Chester Stoeckel, Anne Vogler, Kenneth Stapp, and chairman Ernest Nordlinger (left to right in the above picture) present the original fifteen minute program “What’s Art to Me?” over WBAA each Wednesday evening at 8. This program is given over to discussions on some phase of art for the layman and once each month a quiz program is held in which representatives of various student organizations participate. In previous contests Alpha Lambda Delta and Skull and Crescent sophomore hpnoruries, and Dolphin and 'rriton swimming honoraries have taken part. Forthcoming is a quiz contest between the Exponent and Independent workers.
“A Yank on the Burma Road,” sponsored by the Reamer Club, will be shown for the last time today at the Lafayette theater. Proceeds received by the club will be donated to the intramural department for purcha.sing the awards and trophies to be presented at the end of the intramural sports season. Both matinee and evening tickets at the usual price must be purchased from Reamer members to be considered in determining the club’s proceeds. :
Training for the Army Air Corps at Maxwell Field, Alabama, are these former students of the University: Charles Arnold, Perry Black, Nelson Hill, Robert Ireland, William Stockton, Carl Westerholm, and Jessie Williams. After completing their pi'e-fi.ight training at Maxwell field, tlicse cadets will be sent to one of the many primary schools in the southeast, where they Will receive their fight training. Also in the Army Corps, Harold Gaslin is receiving his training at Ellington Field, while Arthur Linder is receiving Naval Air Corps training in preparation for attending Pensacola.
Captain Patrick W. McIntyre, who graduated from the University in 1935 as an Aeronautical Engineer, was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for outstanding performance in bombing operations against the Japanese while he was based at Java. Captain McIntyre is a member of Kappa Delta Rho fraternity. He received his flight training at Randolph and Kelly fields, from where he was assigned to the 23rd bombing squadron at March Field, Cal. By way of Albuquerque, N. Mex., he was sent to active duty in the Philippines and it was from there that he Went to the Dutch East Indies.
AWS announces the appointment of the following coeds to the executive board for the next year: Orientation' chairman, Jane Van Gorkom; transfer orientation, Mary Ellen David; sub chaii-man, Beth Ludberg: vocational conference, Jane McCouch and Dorothy CornthwaitOi co-chairmen with Jean Thompsort'as assistant; social chairman, Becky Ann Pervine; activities chairman, Doris Dombey; office chairman, EOiS Veit; defense chairman, Nelda Bjfrum; elections chairman, Harriett* Simons; residence chairman, Eleanor Serban; and publicity chairmHint Sally Beall. ; - Members of the judicial board are Jeanette Rutherford, chairman, Helen Schicklor, Jackie Harrison, bel Vaughan, Ruth Holden and Gumpper. . '
'■'/s
-t f
s«» M
\ 1
“‘-*)i,^ 1
•"^m fi*
• > f
£xpDjnsunL QosiiL JsmiwtsL fiaqsL
Saturday, April 4, 1942
Purdue Exponent Ali>Afti«i'ican 1940-'41 biTtt'es E^^torial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 SporH, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m, 5377
l&diflor tn tAi^f Editor ^ MihnEftIhilt l^tdT Buwwyn MmYUfcer Circulation Mana^rcr Sport<t Editor Coed Editor
tolin r Amos Don T Brophv lohn H Armstronp William D Millard Ken K Gjemre Ted Clark Alice Chatficld
H l7 W C Hobkin Ruf rt ifaci 1 I Kan ick : Jc u In ici Doi lb
^ Publication Staff VsiioClitc Tdit rs Editorial Staff R W Ho ml It 1) I A P Hunter D M OchillKt \N 1 Sports Staff D 1 Hic scr J S Du It W Krtcp:<-r Coed Staff Silh Bt ill Clnikll Hi‘ PickcriTii, Business Staff Coed tlusincss Mann^cr Juh Mnrtii AdserfiMng: Manasrers 7 M Wright D 1 Tohii'^on Circulation Manal^ G H Klouman Accbimls Manager Trcna TbYrttiffs , Junior Coed Managers EJUn CHrk 1 me ktim Staff For This Issue Niftht Editor Ochiltree Sports Editor Krieger Dh-t Editor Hass I*isnc Editor Tibrney Reporters Parsing RichiicKon In.\mm Blackburn Da% i« Wilbur Tj‘=^on Cirro 1
Entered as ‘second class matter at the post office in 1 nfav ettd fiTdiana under the act of ConprCss of March 1 1879 and at the special rate of postapb provided for in section 1103 *ct of October 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published daib excOpt Monda> durintr the regular academic year and wbekiy dnnnsr the summer Session Dclncred locally by car Tier for $3 50 per year mail subscriptions S4 00 Represented for national advertising: b> National Advertising Service Inc College Publishc s Representatives 420 Madison Ave New York Is Y
Something New
Ramblings At Random B'V Dons Pickering Let’s tuin oui thoughts to things veinal and fern mine Spring has bowed in and summei looms ahead, a wonderful thought’ ’ ’—depending on w'hat you want to make it And what we mean bj that is just this let theie be a motive n -voui actions Oui fiiend the male animal has his future piettj well mapped out eithei in this countiy oi anothei, so \ou might as well face the facts and ieali?e that witn him awac da\diearning will not continue to seive as an eveuse foi consti iictic e doings \ou know \nd I know that if summei weie onh heie those things which should ha^c been done long ago (but wGic simpH impossib’e uiidti the cncum stances) would be accomplished • Sleep Heads Piiorilies Mv bet is that sleep Ihit peiiod ot complete oi paitial un"onsciousness would head many i piioiit'v list OK tint IS fine h\ 10 1 cep these Dibits fioin being in an cteii il bl ekout ' Attei ill \oii muse do \oui pait in keeping up tie im i lie ot tlic boys at home "iou can stiit eatim tile lillin^ in pies and i„ noiing the ciusts Youd be suipiised how the weai and teal of gnin., up uch edibles can eliminite that excess poundage picked up e is\ college life NoW' once moio home ton tie beginning to look like those school gu! complexion u’s On the =uila e ton n i) a pietlt ^ood i]ipe u nice but do not be suicitieiil in un sense ot the woid It IS the innci eoic of ou which lealh needs an in \entoi> and undti th eate-,o t eoine« the mind Like a stoiage battcit it inactive loi a time it dceom poses Const int icc!ai-,iiv is the solution so don t let toui mind become s nt e Slanguage K Out One ot the things which tcu muht eoneenti itc on IS the impiotcment ol speech Remembci tl it the people \ou meet will be jiuKin tou on join aLilitj to cxpiess j oui sell “Slangt gc is not alw ij s ele\ tl seldom subtle—and j ou don t want to be i bomb shell all join hit The uicst wu to make i good impics ion IS to hate n c ec uate command of the
Toddv the Exponent adds something new foi its readers and plcsents it as a feature foi the coeds—a coed page Wiitten by coeds foi cotds about coeds and then pioblems, activities and achievements The coed staff wants you to know that this is youi page, we will make it what you want it to be This week we piesent a bit ot fashion, diet suggestions and an interview of a campus woman who has achieved succe^,s in hei field We also intend to covei coed defense activities and etiquette pioblems So, let us heal youi ideas and suggestions and we’ll try to piomise that “twill be no soonei said than done ” Monday liight the eight sororities on campus will vote whethei to accept oi reiect a new set of lush lules which have been drawn up by a committee of the Pahhellenic Council This committee has spent six oi seven weeks in tiving to find a new set of lules which would be suitable for use “foi the dufation ’’ Last Monday mgnt these rules weie piesented befoie the different chapters v^ith a week given for consideiation befoie the final vote would be taken Dining that time the committee stated that it would welcome any suggestions to impi ove the rules so that they could be made moie useable Of couise these rules ale not detailed as yet but the outline seems to propose a workable plan in keeping with the University program of putting all activities on a full year schedule duimg the wai The plan takes into consideiation the problems of the soioiities and piesents a likely solution The adoption of a new set of lush rules is impel ative if soiorities expect to weather the tiials of the next few years Eveiy oiganized copd on campus should think about this piob lem when she votes and if she does not ap pi ove of this plan she should be piepaied to propose another set of rules ^he Panhellenic committee has consideied all the aspects of the pioblem and has aim ed at a solution which seems to be a good one a c English IciiigudgL—c\cn il jou hive to become i eiossvoid puz/le fiend Anothoi item on join lielp mj sell ciusade could be ic'^ding Bools aie still going to piess (pipei is not that scaice) so don t think j ou hive to wiite something ot yoji own in oidei to lead woithwhile litci Uuie Summei itmospheie is peitect loi the ab soiption ol piintcd maleiial II jou have anj paitie uln pieleiences oi sceiet eiaving ioi intoimation 1 cie 1^ join chance to become in aiithonty on some siibieet o Letters 1 o VV i ite Ol ot coin e if jou ue consumed with a buiniiu f] line to wiite thcie aie tho';e letteis fiom Chiistmas still eolleeliiv du-,1 (Lest we toilet the pm man it school might also like in oppoitunitj to «Ludj join h uidwiit n„ ) And then theie aie tho e people who believe tiesh ill and ‘■unshine aie good toi the soul It would be pietlj nice to eliminate tint last iipple when jou cut th"' w ilei with a i icl knile dive Oi on the dm mg langt i lit'le nioi e laida e would be nice to de lelop lion,, with th it tin In n\ c ne time is suielj ^omelhiin J ou i ant to get ieeoni)il shed this summei V ou hue tic jdeas ot don t let 111 m ciapoiale with the summei licit— m il e them i leahtj
IS weal 111^ a giey gieen toneoat o\ei hei bci„e‘-lilt leannctte Ileiise IS seen in a sni ut looking led polk i dot dii'-s She wens i n ivy blue CO it and icees'-oiies with it A sophisticated lit,lit gold silk diess accented bj a gi ecu tell hat and gieen aeeessoiies is woin b\ Bai
bara Hi man
Stmdmg m the eouiLjaid back of North Hall is Mary Jane Snider 111 a tin suit With it she weais i g ij bl ow n pillbox h it w ith i ust md gieen teatheis Janie Nelson ehoos es ai cjo taking navj blue diess m ikei ■'Uit and laige bummed nivj hat Jean Holloway weais a blue md white piint ciepe dies with
blue icccbsoiies
Coaches
Coeds Lead Easter Parade In Patriotic Colors Bl Jean Lauer '
"What in spiing comes next after love and Bock beei ’ Why Eastei fineij, and tomoiiov jou 11 sec oui coeds d eked out in patiiotic outfits of red white and blue to sec ail the navy that s being woin you d think the fleet was in Soft pastels afe well as bright colois in viiid cbinbinations will be piomenadiiijg
down the avenue
At South Hall we see Ruth Cum iningh in a navy suit with led and ^thite accessories A blue silk diess •with aceordian pleated skirt and ■kellj gieen hat and shoes make a •chic outfit for Pat Smith Beekj Cailor and Jean lloltson aie a emooth pan in the same stjle coat %nd hat Betkj s hat is kellj gixen woin with a led coat while iJtati weais a led hat and light blue
to it
Coming down the Chi O tiont ■■teps w find Marj Jane Roth wlio ariioht have '-tepped lioin the pages ioI Vogue in a bittersweet coloied suit with white flannel coat Elaine AJiitns looks poised in hei iqua and blown print silk dies'- woin with ai aqua flannel coat and blown ae Cl'- ones Jean Patrick ChiOpiexj St ps out in an oft white uit with m Ion eoloied blouse and aeee^soi I to match the “-uit ‘■tiolliiig 11)1 then i out will on II L waj to chill eh wi vei i gi mp 0 l^ietas Cinni Let MatDonald i--siin in a naij blue ilk duss wiih Jjiight gieen iiipiii) U itl it hi icais blight giien atic iin A •t II and white clicked '-uit with tan tiitcssoi its makes a sniooth outfit fpi tM-ari let Hidi luiit Vnn 'Sorlinson looks cute thin net in b 1 gieen wool diess ind i iti hmg <tiiban woin with a iilliw topi oat \\ 1 M ’ On the i\ood Hall lei mda we find ffilen Kodi in a 'll bite tlaniK 1 suit Vith a led punted blouse mil nd Vo Kohl IjcIu Gourlei looks stui 'miiig in he-i" navj galiaidint duss
make! suit with powdei blue shaik km aeee soiies Marge Coflin lool s lerj patiiotic in hei led and white bembcig jaeket diess and n ivj blue
letfei coat
On the Kappa lawn we dibtovei Rosemary Luber lookin^, loitlj in pastels a pink eoat print diess and iiitural stiaw hat Ruth Allen dresses up m a navy blue fitted g ib aidine eoat with white tiimmiiif A I'-rcei and gold print diess with gieen to it and natuial straw hat nuke i chinning outfit for Jackie
M ells
On t! e Alpha \i ten ice Ruth Mat 11 alls IS seen in a in id Chine&e ltd dress She has chosen black at cossoiies Mildred Ivitlej chooses a n ii J blue torso diess ind naij hat tl mined m white A stjli&h red and white polka dotted dicbs is woin
L\ Jane Blank
WI W
M ve i 1 Pi Plus ue standing on then tl nt poith Aoull look twice it Marge Leonard in lici gitj pm slnjit lilt •'ellow topcoat gicyhtt md led shoes and puise A led tort i(d md bl itk diess ind bl itk ic tes one accentuate Peg Hopkins dill 1 ui ind ejcs Ihi Deha (iartis ^atliei m liont 1 tin II house lean Rhodes lool s nil ' I i\ in lei t ingenue silk le lecented bj niw blue letes one fai i ed to i I w find Mail (xratt Minklei m bei e tweed suit incl b (wn iccissiiif iiid Bette Poole in i tweed suit She weais II tiqut It illiti pumns uid match
m hit
Ovti on trfe Phi Mu steps we tmd Vldii Ann (jreen who lool s well III In I n ii I diess with apion I: out u 111 ( tiim Janet Aierj weais m tliaetiii 111 bon 11 It w ith hi I bust 1ki nii„bont suit I hit Inm looking ni \ s()j^e '-uit IS woin In l^tnoie
Hofei MTV
As till \lpha (hi lioiit <1)( 1 op 111 III see Beth Piileiihtimii who
(Continued liom page 1) demonsti ilion Hinij Bo^^ue Wish mgton ol Indianapolis took over the field loi i demonstiation ol the possibilities ol tho 1 lormation us iiig Boileimakei giiddeis A gioup ol gnddeib aeeompaniing ( o leli Alvin Hunt ol Ro 1 iille Indian i IIi,-,h School g ive a demonsti ition of si\ man football ind Don IIow ud of ( entinl 1 \ insville tontiuel ed the lUtinoon letioi with i le ni onsti ition ol siimlt wing biel tie tie igaii using Boilenn il gi not
b ill pi ij tl s
(hailes Biei lew Walliec il tjai\ Pud Jenkins Male High I ouisi ilh k\ md L ul Ciipe i sisi ml J’lietei tiaiiui tool up th 110111111,^ css on with tootbill de leptioi offensive sti itc^v mtl tl in 11/ iiid t i)iin„ pioblems Piieii to the f bell Ihil on eollaboialion Pe me V> itnel i of Washiiml on South Bend give an iddiess ol di fensiie stiatigj and Di S J AIil Ici Boilcnnakti team phjsitian 111 (i ideel tips on the pievention md ii e linn nt ol in |ui le s
WAA’s spiing plografn is how ih full swing witlj many girls participating in softball, tennis, tnmb ling, dancin, swimming and arch eiy Today Marjoiie Paikei, a pro fessiohal dancei from Chttago, Will give an exhibition pom 2 to 6 pm Ih the Women s gym along with the Modern Dahce Club I vtiyonc is in vited to attend ^ —Wj^A— Mary Alice Troxell, head of aith eiy annonnees that all girls inter e ted should come out lucsday and Thursday nights and practice for the inteicollegiate meet to be held soon The state meet will be held April 29 m Brown Countj State Park with girls from all colleges ih Indiana compdting The women’s doubles tournament Mill soon begin, Evelyn Schuber, head of tennis announces All girls must have two practices to compete in the tournament Instruction in tennis is given on Monday, Wediigs day and Fiiday nights —WAA— The softball tournament is un cleiwaA with the ilifleient soioiitics hills md waids having plaj ofts Come out and help jour team iiiir the tiophy —WAA— April 18 the Sportswomen and MAA are sponsoring ‘ Pennj Cii nival The swimming club will pm sent a watei ballet and the tumb lug club will put on n act Save this date open and ittcnd the cum V il >4WS Callouts For New Counselors Set For Monday, April 6 The Associated V omen Students will liold i c illout toi all gills who care to be eounsolois for new worn en tudents next Mondij Apiil b it 4 pm in St mlej Coultei Hill This will be the hist oi i seiies ot three inectijigs snonsoied bj the AW S oiientation commit ee ^neii with the purpose ot inloiming the new eonnselois ot the inipoituiee of conn cloi seivice on the e impus The meeting will last lor one hoiii Ih 111 ( 1 1 11 i i 11 the hi st meet I ,, will c in 1 t ot i senes ol sho I till bj ^1 Is peiJoiming eoun eloi w r ] t'ui 1 the p t se n '•tei Mary Laswell i senior in the Home Economics School will sped on ‘Will Counseling Has Me mt lo
]Vi
The '-ceond of the cues ol n eet in will be held in St ink j Coulti i II ill on Wediiesd \ Vpi 1 Ij it 1 p m with Doiothj Sir ition Dean ot We men is the nnncipd s/i ikei The thud i (I 1 -,1 oi 1 e nee mg'- will b held on We liie 'i Ap il -2 u Stmlej tout i Hill md "'ll VIcC un eoui iloi te women it Nui thwe stei n Unii ei itj w ill he he fieal ei
Three Coed Groups Personnel Notes ^.C. Gaylord t 1 J iV "‘•'■"■i' '
To Lead University
in Physical Fitness Three coed organizations, the Women’s Athletic Association Virginia C Meredith Club and Omi cron Nu have been placed in charge of the physical fitness area of the University’s defense program WAA, coed athletic organization will be in charge ol recreation, and Omicion Nu and Virginia C Merc dith Club, homo economics giotips, will work for a better balanced diet tor the students Representatives of the two gioups meet together as the phys ical fitness committee Miss Amy Bloye, head of foods and nutrition, and Miss Helen Hazelton, head of physical education for women, will act as advisors Miss Hazelton is also state i epresentative ol the In di uia physical fitness piogiam of the Indiana Defense Council Rian Riojeets Accoiding to Miss Hazelton, “Emotion il mental and physical fit ness aie closely ielated, and with the stopped up piogram of the campus, people will go stale unless they plani ftii lest leercation and the light food as well as the next daj b assignment Lives must be planned as well as woik ’’ Pio/eets planned include aiiang ing i summei i oci eational piogiam of swimming golfing hoi'icbaek iiding canoeing bicj’clmg and hik mg Ihe home economics gioups will try to male students more conscious of the 1 let thit a lew iitamins more oi less can deteimine w i^thei tho pel son is ible to piss 1 eouise an army phjsieal oi PLM 12 IM Schedules riie follow uig tiatenuties will plaj baseball at 1 15 Mondai eve ning A pul b Lambda Chi Alphi is Pi Kappa Alphi diamond 1 Aeicia i bl nil Alphi AIu dii mond 2 bigina Alnh i I p ilon i Sigma \u di imond Bell I hell I \ Phi I ippi diamond 1 Si-,miChiis Si m i Phi t psiloii diamond 5 1 hi (i)llowin„ W u is nil pi i basil) ill Mondai eiening it 1 15 W lid t V Waid 5 di unoiul b W ul S \ V ul ill iniond 7 W ucl ->5 \ W lid 21 diamond 8 W 11 1 f) i": W lid 12 diamond 0 Wald Oils A lul 27 dia nond 10
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
STARTS MBDNITE PREVUE TONiTE
KING OF THE TEXAS HANGERS LATEST PATHS NEWS
SUNDAY MONDAyI! ICE CAPADES adventures in WASHINGTObll COLOR CARTOON
idMLENlME Blnnie BARNES • Paul KELLY • Robert SbtlTH Dorothy LOVETT Frattklih PAKGSORN and KING S MEN > SIX HITS ^NO A N|IS$
—TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE BkENDA MARSHAI L lu 'SINGAPORE WOMAN" PLUS
"TODAY I HANG"
If any senior is interested in an interview with any of the following companies, complete one of the yellow “Request for Interview” cards, a supply of which is m your school office You will be notified by card from the Personnel Ofiiee when to
schedule an interview
COMPANIES SCHEDULED TO
VISIT CAMPUS
Naval AViatioil Cadet Boaid, Chi cago 111 April b 7 and 8 Inland Mfg Division GMC Day
ton Ohio Apiil7
r I DuPont de Neniouis & Com pany, Wilmington Delaware April
9
1 mployeis Mutual liability In hurance Comany ot Wisconsin In dianapohs Ind Api il 9 Leeds and Northiiip Co, Phili delphia. Pa ME Sign up in Pei sonnel Office betoic Thursday April 9 Bell Aircraft Coip , Buffalo N Y Apiil lb ME Sign 111 Pei sonnel Office befoie April 15 Illinois Tool Works, 2501 N Keel er Avenue, Chicago, 111 M L Soph omoics and jumois interested in De sign, foi summei work Sign nr Per sonnel Office before 10 a m Tries day April 7 Employeib Mutual I labilitj Insuiante Company ol Wisconsin In dianapohs, Indiana Comin,„ April 9 Anyone ipteiested, schedule an interview m Personnel Office before 10 a m April 8 Piatt & Wliitncj Vneiaff East H utloul Conn oopliomoie md Junioi Mcehanieal Acionuitieil and Industiial Engineers lor sum mer work Sign in Pei sonnel Office immedi itely
of the Hoiticulture Depattnient Will go to Atlanta, Georgia,
Apiil 7 9 to attend a conference of representatives of the U S Department of Agiicultuie and Georgia officials on the establishment
and use ol grades for canneiy to
mato plants
C. A4. Vestal of the Animal Husbandry Department spoke at a meeting of the Illinois Association of Agiieultuial Vocational Teacheis in Chicago on
March 27
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS'
DR PAUL A. RISK DR LOTHfeR A RISK DR HAR6Lt> I RISK — bENttSTS — 400-404 Schultx Bldg 4th and Maih St Lafayette
J. R. Wiley
o of the animal hri b indij dc piitnunt will be in (hicigo Viiil 9 11 to attend r mciling ot llie Coiiibclt Livestotl M ul etii Com mittec GtLLESPIE'S Dishes Silverware Glassware Cooking Utensils Dining Room Furniture 221 Columbia St Phone 6405
{Mmsm LAST TSMES TODAY
^ OM THE LARAINE DAY ° BARRY NELSON ' STUART CRAWFORD » KEYE LUKE
STARTS TOMORROW
ITS GRAND! ITS GAY! ITS GREAT! % « iiIiIbETTY grable T I/VICTOR MATURE JACK OAKIE
in
/si/um With THOMAS MITCHELL • GEORGE BARBIER ' BILLY GILBERT • HILO HATTIE a.d HARRY 0#ENS and His Royal Hawaiians ^ A 20th CENTURY FOX PIC T U R E\ ^
MARS
Starts TODAY
LEWIS $TON€ - UGhhs VETERAN AC FOR IN IIOLlYlUQDDi NUMBER ONE 1 IS AN EXPERT BOXER AND FENCER. ... . ! . ' ■ ,1 ' 1 .
'7 '
V I I i ^ \ ! :‘’V' -, ^TT' ■> " ^ fT'- 1^“' « ii>.-||^«. ;%i|T
vv \
^'7
In 10 Innings^ 21
Riveters
Griffith Praises #ui*iu^
Exponent
Nation’s Progrdtri
By Bob Krieger
Major John E. Griffith, commissioner of Big Ten athletics, was the principal speaker of the evening at the banquet which climaxed the first day’s activities of the eleventh annual “Purdue Football Clinic.’'’ Major Griffith began his speech by recalling ho'w, following the last war, many people were convinced that our munitions makers were responsible for get- .
♦ ♦
Saturday, April 4, 1942
♦ ♦ Page 3
Second Lost
ting our nation into war. Munitions and other industrial -operations Wei’b converted to non-military purposes. “Today,” Major Griffith continued, “we are feverishly equipping oiir factories, in many instanced teequlpping them, to the end/that they can turn out more powder, bullets, guns, planes and tanks.”
Appeals For Realism
Griffith added that he did not mean to imply that all nations of the world should at all times be thoroughly militarized. The speaker called for realism, stating that
the nation was not realistic if it , . refused to strengthen its armed ' forces in time of peace while other morally; men of courageous nations were preparing for war. hearts who are possessed of a patriAthletes Not Pacibsts “tic zeal to do the job they are ’ “We may be reminded that our ^o do. We know that our ■athletes”" were not a part of the a^'liletes are among the first to get 'pacifist movement of the day,” when war comes, and that, ac'Griffith continued, “and that they, cording to our militai'y leaders, the having learned to fight for a cause ti’aining they have had in .athletics and to believe that their institution helps fit them for their duties in Was worth fighting for, through time of war. •
Batter Up! There will be a special showing of the major league baseball motion pictures in tlm Hall of Music on Wednesday ni^t, April 8, at
7:3() o’clock.
The showing of the two films, “The Ninth Inning,” produced by the American League, and “Safe At Home,” produced by the National League, will be open to the student body and the general pub-
lic without charge.
Cbiound. JfuL (jt)cd£h, SmJuit —With— . . . Ted Clark . . .
Prexy Is Versatile—-HfeMI Be Starting Pitcher Against The Irish
Toronto, Red Wings Play First Gcinie Of
'their athletics, likewise somehow 'believed that our country was worth
fighting' for.
Athletes Do Their Part . “We know that iw time of Wa'r bur Army and Navy must be composed
“Football men do not become sword rattlers or militarists'because they have engaged in a fighting game. But when they are balled to arrhs, the full meaning of their training is realized, and to the
of men who are strong physically eternal thanks of our nation.’^-
B E Gi N ' S GLASS OPENS TUES., APRIL 7th, 7:30 P. AAf ADVANCED CLASS OPENS WED., APRIL 8th, 7:30 P. M. P. M. ALLEN, NATIONALLY KNOWN INSTRUCTOR PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
Phone 21.'50
6tli & Ferry
i THE GRILL is the place to Cat! Delicious food, served the way you like it. Plenty of vitamins to keep you going during these grueling days.
TyimufuaL lAniofL The Coriier of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
HATS OFF DEPARTMENT .. . TODAY’S LITTLE BOUQUET goes to Hurrying Henry Stram. Last night at the football clinic banquet a waiter placed a beautiful steak in front of Little Hank. The morsel of cow was flanked by potatoes and peas, which Stram complacently went to work on. But he didn’t eat the steak. Reason: it w’as.Good Friday. Did you ever see a lusty eating athlete pass up a steak? . . . Good Friday or otherwise. Mel Taube called it “just plain will power”-and Pinky Warren called it a smart idea. Why ? Quite simple . . . Warren ate the abandoned steak and Stram ate Warren’s salad. We will now have five minutes of silence. ’ ' BEST CRACK OF THE WEEK DEPARTMENT ... AMIABLE ELMER BURNHAM told a good one after dinner. Seems as though Eimer was sent out of town when the Board of Trustees appointed him head football coach. His son—ten years old—remarked to Mrs. Burnham, “Gee, Mother, I like Lafayette and now we’ll have to move in two years.” Rather precocious, but the youngster apparently doesn’t know his clad. VISITORS ... BILL FRALL AND JULE RAJKOVICH, both all statfe'backs from Lew Wallace High School of Gary were present for the weekend- to look in on the clinic. ■ -* . s- * ■ - , PRESIDENT ELLI’OTT GAVE his customary excellent welcoming talk. He cited the statement he made when Burnham Was appointed recently . . . “Our main object is to make certain all of lis keep Elmer smiling. Despite the presence of Burt IngWersen (Northwestern line coach-) I trust the smile will not be wiped off when on a'certain afternoon this November when Purdue plays Northwestern. Elmer retaliated tkat he will be happy if fkat is the only.time the smile is wiped,off. . RED.MACKEY WAS his. usual congenial self and, in his humble way, asked for suggestions for next year’s clinic . .. . the 12th.one. ORVILLE HOOKER, President of the Indiana Coaches’.Association was the capable’toastmaster. BIG TEN COMMISSIONER Major John L. Griffith pleaded that there be no de-emphasis of athletics during the war. He asked that colleges
After eliminating the New York Bangers from the Stanley Cup playoffs, the powerful Toronto Maple Leafs will face the Detroit Red Wings in the Queen City tonight in the first gapie of the final round of the playoffs for the championship of the ice hockey world. The Leafs are 8 to 5 favorites to win the best 4 out of 7 series from the Wings, but Detroit will enter the final round with a “hot” streak which has netted 11 consecutive victories on their home ice. Tough At Home Three of the Red Wings’ pla,ybff triumphs thus far have been gained on their own Olympia ice. Two were against the Montreal Canadieris-'in the Class C quarter finals, and the other was gained at the expense of the Boston Bruins, last year’s champions. That the motor city aggregation may be tough to beat is indicated by what happened to the Bruins. The Red Wings defeated Boston in the first game of their semi-finals series at the Hub by shoving six goals past Frank Brimsek, winner of the George Venzina trophy which is awarded each year to the league’s leading goal tender, and then gave the Bruin net minder another uncomfortable evening in Detroit last Tuesday, when . the Wings again took the measure of the Bruins. Leafs Hold Edge In season play, with the Red Wings the Leafs hold the edge, winning five, and tying one of the eight games, and scoring a total of 26 points to 21.
By Ed Karpick
Wabash spoiled the opening of the Boilermaker's home lNM^ ball season with a 2-0 victory in ten innings, FailOire th^ ball either hard or often was the story of the loss to the Little Giants. " There were only eleven bits made duTing the entire, gafis^ seven by Wabash and four by the Boilermaker8,-iMeyer^ «eic^ ond baseman on the visiting nine was the big man with then^ low as he managed to gather ;
a total of three hits and bat in
one of the runs,
Cook Starts On Mound Walt Cook made his first appearance as a pitcher for Dutch Pehring’s ball club and turned in a good pitching performance during his four innings on the rubber. He fanned six of the visitors and managed to pitch his way out of all tight spots. In the third inning he was the whole show when he walked two men and .fanned threb.
last score of the baU
Joe DiMaggio struck out only 13 times during the regular season in 1941.
These two teams are scheduled to meet again today in a doubleheader with the first gatne starting ?t 2 p. m. The game will be played on' Ross-Ade Field and the public will be admitted free of charge.
Leifheit Carries On Walt Leifheit took over the hurling chores in the fifth inning and continued to apply the whitewash brush during his five innings on the mound. He was in trouble in the eighth inning when the bases were filled on two walks and a hit, He proved equal to the emergency when he forced Clancy to ground into a force out, short to second, to end the inning. Wabash Scores In the tenth inning Frank Freheirr took the rubber and was charged with the loss. Frank was a little jittery in his first appearance and got himself into a jam when he Walked the first two men to face him. The bases were filled when Freheirr fumbled Phillips attempted sacrifice bunt. With the bases crammed to capacity,. Freheirr fanned Brunner, but Clancy drove in the winning run when he lifted a fly ball to Carson in yight field. Radatz scored the first run of the afternoon after the catch. Meyer drove in an extra run when his pop fly fell between the left fielder and the shortstop for a single. Hurley came in frefin second
beautiful Easter Legs! More than ever it takes beautiful, perfect-fitting stockings to complete the pretty picture youTl want to make on Easter morning. So ask for our famous Stockings! They’re actual leg-sizes,. . not only graduated in length but ind ividually sizedf for the shape of your legs. Brev for small legs . . .Modite for middling legs.,. Duchess for tall legs ... Classic for plump legs ... assure smooth flattery in every texture. Belle-Sharmeer Stockings in all leg sizes $1.35 to $1.65 pair Thieme & Wangerin Main Streut
not drop intercollegiate or intramural athletics. “We play to win in athletics,” lie said, “although we are some times censured for the importance we place on competition. I say we should play to win, which is not a bad idea in the way we approach this war.” WE WERE IMPRESSED by Paul Jenkins in his talk on “Offensive Strategy” at the morning session. Jenkins is from Male high school, Louisville. , DON HUTSON’S HUMOR and Arkansas drawl went over as well as his talk on “Pass Reception” and Cecil Isbell’s “Forward Passing” was very informative and well delivered. The boys really enjoyed the demonstration, too. BIG PROGRAM TODAY. Baseball game, football game, and clinic demonstrations starting at 8:45 this moiming in the Fieldhouse, Both the football and baseball gariies start at 2. Two baseball games with Wabash.
with the
game.
Riveters Threaten ,1' In the last half of the tenth aming the Riveters threatened, IWft were unhble to posh A Ittftaer across. Ernie Young walked the inning. Bob Riley batted for Kersey after Kersey had one sfrftd and fanned. Carson was safe at firkt on an error by the Wabash Shortstop. Rog Claseman batted for Jim Rush and fanned. Both of the runners advanced a base while Claseman was dt brft on a wild pitch by Joe Miller, the Wabash hurler. George Burghardt walked to fill the bases. Woody Walton provided the last put odt of the game when he fouled out to the first baseman. Miller Mows’Em Down Joe Miller pitched the entire game for the Little Giants arid'provided the chilled spectators With A sight at some Very classy elbowing. He fanned twelve Riveters daring the contest and pitched his way out of several holes. Rally Falls Short ■ . r ^ In the ninth inning he managed to work his way out of the worst hole he was in. Jim Rush, thd^ first batter, singled. Duffy Friend batteM for George Emerson and received credit for a single when Hurley, the Wabash first baseman, failed to make a play after he ha^ fielded his ground ball. Woody Walton . sacrificed both men along and things were looking up for the Fehring forces. Miller proved adequate to the emergency when he; forced Walt Leifheit to roll out to; the mound. Both runners held. Tom Burger ended the inning with an-> other ground ball to the mound. • The lineup as revised by Dutch Fehring fielded well during the hall game and turned in a pair of double plays. Ernie Young, playing, a.t third instead of his customary position behind the plate, turned in the best play of the game when he grabbed Leach’s line drive and doubled Meyer off of first with a fast peg across the diamond, WABASH AB R H A PO E Wil.son, If 3 0 0 1 0 1 Radatz, ss 2 1 0 0 1 1 Hurley, lb 4 1 0 1 5 H Phillips, cf . ..5 0 1 0 0 ^0 Brunner, rf 0 2 0 0 0 Chancy, c- 3 0 0 1 11 0 Meyer, 2b 4 0 3 2 .1 0 Leach, 3b 2 0 0 2 I 0 Miller, p , .....3 0 0 0 .0 .;0
PURDUE
Burghardt. s
Burger, 2b
Young, "tlb . Kersey, cf ... Carson, rf- . Rush, If
Swantz, lb
Walton, c ...
Freiferr, p
Leifheit, p . Cook, p
AB R H A PO E ...4 0 1 2 -11 ...5 0 0 2 1 0
1 0 0 2
offers
THE NEW PREMIERE’ VICTOR RECORDRAMA Beenes from Shakesiieare’s mAcbdI Here is a new and faseinaling Tdea in record albuins-^—an album that not.only serves as a container for the records, but gives a'runniiig account of the action with proper inserts of the proper text at the itroper time. Tlvc records and the album constitute an inseparable and highly workable unit which will add immeasurably to your pleasure. Maurice Evans, greatest of present-day Shakespearean actors, and Judith Amlerson are in the midst of a magnificent sueec.ss on the New York stage. Tlieir records will bring to you some of the greatest scenes in all Shakespeare. With a supporting east and incidental music. Album M-878 Nine 12" record sides $5.52 in the McLean Music Store S14 Main St.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS liniversity Book Store . Across From Union !<1’* Sammons .*29 “Doc’* Epple *40
Veterans with the Brooklyn Dodgers are still laughihgabout the ctuel joke which they mfllctfeft on some df the roolcies wTto Were fiiaking their fii’st trip to Cuba last -month. In tlte s'howCr rooms at the ball park the “C” oni the faucet ^stands for “caliente”- Which <'5k Spanish for “hotl?’ You can imagine the rest of the ■ .Z'-
EASTER
1
■ i X' 7 ^ \ ' s ' t . i: t ,• Smooth Slacks
for summer j at $1.98 up i We also have a large ^ selection of sport coats.
sport Shirts with 2-way collars at $1.48 up
224 Main St.
First Clothing Store .Across Levee
.,j
mI'Sh I
m
yL, "JS?' ^g& 4
\
' ' ’ " j fj if * ( -- ^ 1' ^ * i[ >'; i<t<! t 1 ' y'^fi i^j ^ j>^ ‘ i ^ ' K ’! iv*, Purdue Exponent Saturday, April 4, 1942
9n. dfuL QhlAMhSiA
University Calendar ; Saturday, April 4
Daily Health Service Report
Phi Kappa
/
West Lafajette Baptist Church Corner Columbia and Chauncey Streets 9‘30—RogerWilliams Club class will be taught b> Dean M L Fisher 10.36—Chuicli Woisbip Set vice The seimoii will be “The Meaning of Eastei" bv Rev J B Gleason The combined iunioi and adult Chou’S will sinjr “Unfold Ye Poitals," the adult chon will sine the “GloiiJi” fioni the Twelfth Mass and Virginia Ulrey will sing “The Holy City” bv Adams 5.30—Roger Williams Fellowship Hour 6.00—1.6 tent suiipoi .it (liunh building;. 6 30—Devotional suMces. with Alberta Altman in chaige 7 00—A plav entitled “The Olhei Cioss” will be aneii bv iiieiiibtis of the Roger Williams Club with Patricia Brown directing.
8 00 AM 9 00 A.M
-Annual Football Clinic -Fiituie Faimeis of Ameiica
Fieldhoubo Both Faculty Lounges, Union
11 4.6 A M-
2 00 r M -
6’()0 P.M.-
-Scabbaul and Blade Be.st Soldiei Contest -Dance Recital by Puidue Dance Club and Maijorie Pai kin -Giainmai, punctuation and spelling tests
Aiinoiy
Wonicn's Gym Room 101, Educ Bldg.
Merry-Go-Round...
Purdue Chiistian Foundation Sundav Program at the Lafavette Christian Church Sixth and ISorth Streets 5 30—Assemble at 131 S Gi.int to hike to Happy Hollow foi Eastei Sunri.se Service Bieakfast iestivations should be made at the Foundation House 9 15—Catch nde fiom 151 Giant St 9.30—“Chi 1st and Eastei ” will be the subiect taught to the student class bv Hubei t Reynolds 10 40—Chuich Woiship Seivue Rev Dojlc Mullen will pi each the Eastei seinioii 5:45—Leave fiom 151 S Giant foi Chuich building Theie will be no 10 cent suppei. 6.00—Sundav cveming loiuni with the usual progiam of singing, dis cussion, iccieatiQTi, <uid woislnp “Aftei Eastei—What'”’ will be the topic undei discussion Dov L ILuiiil■'on and Don Apti will had \cspcis
(Continued fiom page 1) well known in Beihn that the Willielmstiasse actually had the audacity to piopose that Mexico make vvai against the United .States This was the notonous Zimmeimann note, wiitten by the Geiman Foitign Ministei, iiiging Mexico to attack, and piomising Aiizona, Texas, C'alifoinia. New Mexico in letuin At that tune Mexicans vveie lecalling bittcily that on Apiil 21, 1914, the Ameiican fleet filed on Vcia Ciuz, and 200 Mexicans vveic killed. Height of iiony was i cached when, on Maich 14, 19oj, the man who, as Secietaiy of the Navy in 1914, oideied the Ameiican fleet to file, was appointed United States Ambassadoi to Mexico—Josephus Daniels And to make the uony complete, the fiist thing Padilla did last week —even befoie he came to Washington—was to Visit Josephus Daniels at his home in Raleigh, N. C B> eight ^eais of gentle fiiendhiiess,
will meet foi a 15 cent suppei in the Reel cation Room Follow iiig the suppei Pi of M. D Steel of the Speech Dept will speak to the gioup
Liiiversilj Pi csbi f ei laii (lunch North Street at (.laiit Slieit E.nstei Sundav tpnl 6 John W. Findley, pastoi -and dii ei toi of the Westminster Foundation Joanne Lloyd, organist Jim Chae, choir director “ ’,{) T' ( '1 ai'i nf cl 1 s w iM t o i tnuo its sliu'v cl the I’lK line iln k.uicisii,]) Oi. U (. ..ic 10 50—Ihi chon .ird c ic in n u c wdl b" Ea-tci anti’ ms Tin oi c.ni include will be ‘E.'-ici D.iwn' bv 66 in Ilod-on Diiinigthi ofI< atoi v 61ISS Llovd will pl.iv “fill Risen fhiist’ bv E F Hosner, and the postluch will l)c “IIos iiiiia” bv P.uil 66^ach The chon will snig “In Joseph's Lovclv (i.iiden bv Dickin on and “.\llfluhii Cliiist i. Risen” bv KopolvofT John Mingle will su,^ ‘Open the Gate ” bv Knapp. Mr. Findley’s sermon theme will be TIencefoith a (lovvn ’ 5.45—The .Sundav Evening Club
66es!(v I oimdatioii 66is|ev I oiinel ition will spousti ,11 La t(i Suiiiise ttoishiii .Seivue on Sundav dhe inognni will be luld outdoois All tbo ( mtcicsled in goiim should nice it the founda 1 If n hoime at 0 .1 m wluit ti.inspoi l.ition w ill be tin nislu d "Mu thiisti.ui iMumd.ilion will I old .11 e n h inoi iin s(.i v u e I he coup Will meet .it th loundilion I ouse at 1)1 sou'b (.1 nt ,il 6 10 ‘111 <ind hil'.e to 11 \p')' lIoll<w ’’ nni 1 ( 1 IV if ( 1 fit In ))( d lid n outeiooi Ineikli'-' will be lull Re 1V ations ni u be ni id’ 11 In lound.itiOii house
even without the knowledge of Spanish, Daniels made Mexico foiget, as neaily as it evei could, the incident of Apiil 21, 1914. • Long Time U.S. Friend Padilla has been a fiiend of the United States evei since the youthful days of his exile He giew up among the pool cainpesinos in the State of Gueiieio, and became an active 1 evolutional y. With the changing tides of Mexican politics, he was foiced to leaye the countiy, came to New Yoik City, emoiled as a student in Columbia Uniyersity, Padilla has been-iihalf Yankee eyei since. He has a good command of English, a fondness foi Ameiican cigaicttes, uses eaily, goes to the office eailv, has no siesta aftei lunch, loves golf and billaids In spite of this fi lendliness, it would be false to say that all piobIcms have vanished in the sunshine ovei the Rio Giaiide Theie lemains the fact that Mexico’s Ministei of Inteiioi, Miguel Aleman, is dangeiouslv pio-Geiman, and the still 11101 c tioublesome tact that the Piesident’s biothei, Maximino Avila Camacho, continues to do business with the black-listed Swedish industiialist. Axel Kelinei-Gien But these tioubles aie small compaied with whaj: Mexico was in the daik (lavs when 66’it/ke, Jahnke Dilgei, Ileimann, Iliiuh. ,ind that motlev tiew oi Gcini in spus ,iiul ibolcuis ciossecl the boidei to le01,, ini/c HI M( \ CO the machine tb.it had been disnipicd in the Uniled .St.lie > And J''/c(iuul P.ulill.i IS the m.in who 0(1 orifu still (hanci in 61( x1! 0—1 he Mexuo v'huh bioki uli lions v'llb J ip.iii tom hoiiis alt'i I b( itl u k on I’l 111 II 11 boi (( 011.11 111 RMi In ( nilcil Fe.i lull Sv I ilu lU lie)
^ll!lllllllllllllllllllll.llllllllillllllllllllllllllllllllillllll|l| I Dr. A. M. Irion I __ dentist — S 1 1 9 Vi Norlhwestern Ave
I’lpiscoil.il Stiubllls Scivucs ,it St. Ii’ill's (hiiieh Sixth and ) eii v iS (;(' IIolv Cominuiion v illioi'l music 10 16-IIolv Commumon ilioiil (ivicc Rev Reese F. Thornton will ■-ptak on the sub)iel, "Christ—Who Is Our Life ”
= Phone 4965 H ^iiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiMiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiT
Eveiythillfjf for a (.olle^e Ellin iilioii DE/VC’S
Ilnlh CriMtinn liirilliss
Styled in the modern streamlined manner to give your figure the soft natural lines. Satin panels front and back, with a new roll top $3.95. Other Roth creations $1.75 to $5.95
Palais Rotjal
Attractive clothes are important to Courage, Coiifidenee and High
Morale!
Crown cleaning will keep your
clothes allraclive.
Crown Laundry
J op oi iIh- Hill
Last Tuesday, H W. Eikenberry, Eng. ’46, and E J. Cycenas, PE ’43, cnteied St Elizabeth Hospital for suigical tieatment, and on the same day, E. J Kastner, Sci ’46, entered Home Hospital foi medical treatment, while J E. Hittle, CE ’42, eiiteied St. Elizabeth Hospital foi ihedical tieatment. On Wednesday, R W Phillips, ME ’43, R. H. Kirk, Eng ’45, J D Claffey, ME ’44, and J. M Gloor, ME ’42, entered St Elizabeth Hospital for medical treatment R W Deuster, ME ’43, entered Home Hospital foi medical tieatment B L. Phillips w'as lelcased fi oni the Home Hospital after leceiving medical tieatment, and D E Mira, ME ’43 was leleased fiom the St Elizabeth Hospital aftei loceiving surgical tieatment on Wednesday.
. . . social tiaternity, announces the election of the following officeis foi thelcoming semestei: piesident^ John Parsons; vice-president, Robert Seymonski; secretary, Jerome Mueller, treasurer. Dean Bouton; house manager, Robert Runnion; co-rush chairman, Robert Angermier and Robert Gallogly, and steward, Edward Johnstone.
PAC: Iraportnnt mecUnir, Wednesday, April 8 ISIeetion of officers All presSht Micmbi rs and in w senior munaKcrs please attend - ADAMS
All Students: Stuflents who dxpect ’to’
chnntfc from one ^cliool within the tlnlvir*
ires'
sity to another nt the end of the preshph
semester arc niivlsed to obtain the neecSshrlf
ofs
rreshman Dneincers: Med foi engines rJ ing leitures at 8 00 a m Satnriiay, Apiii t jn Eli/n I owicr Haii He prepared to indicate eboiee of schools - KNAPP
blanks nt once from the Hoglstrar’s dee —STONE
Christian Science ()r(renUBtion: fteSuHt meeting luesday, April 17, In "room 308 of Union at 7 30 p m. —LOCKWOOD
Christinn Poundation. If you have not made voui useivation foi Lustei Sunrise Service pliasi call the roundation House liieikfasl will be ZH edits - JOHNSON
Engineering Students: There will be ai^ opew mt eting of the ASMS next Tuesday, April 7 at 7 So p m in ME 207 Professor, King of the Physics department will preJ sent a tuik and demonstration of cyilO>l turn y —TOPINKA
Notices
Kofroi WillianiH Club. Ibastu '4iuiiiHe Htrvici All tlul) membt rs mutt at tho parsonaK( MO S OiaiH at 5 45 a m and from (luH go to blcoIcN’s Wtiods A buakfnKt wdl b( strvul immediately after this meeting at the (hurch Pull 15 cents - ULREY
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, April 7, nt 7pm in room 5 of EE Building. —MILES
(iiriaiiaii roaadnlioii AnmiaJ Scvioi Ban<iudt will be I i idav Aprd 10 fiom () 15 untd H U) p m at the (hurch lukcts nu ■!> einls and may lu obtained from Jtan Woin Bfttv Kulb Drake Jeanette Pukti oi Jkiselul Kilgou JOHNSON
WcstmliiHtor roiiadntion The foundation will hav( no partus until LasUr Aftci Easti 1 at le is! two mou soiial funetions an planrud A rolhr skating party ih lilanmd irnnicdiittlv ulUt Eistoi and n Pienie is planned for the littei part oi Apiil LARK
Hoof and Horn Club* Important mcetinfir Wednesday, April 8, at 7 *80 p.m in room 203 of Union lntcre;4ting program has been ouungtd All memhet's arc urged to attend* —DUFFY
Scabbard and Blade Plcdgen: All Scabbard anfl Blade* pjedges are to report to the Aimorv at 12 45 today to Jiasist in the Bisrit Soldiei Contest raliure to attend wi^l me*nii black marks —JACKSON
Science Srniors: All seuneo Minois who bav(* not <alhd at my olfni m tin past \\(tk fo till out si moi blanks an ri(iuc‘'ted • ■ met ENDEKb
to do
Best Soldier Contestants: Report to Armory bv 1pm today for final examination Bung two pencils Wear uniform —JACKSON
Inn Bdiu Pi Pledges lUpoil to loorn U)1 of lb( Union at 1 -10 pm Mundav Apiil 5 foi infoimal initiation Bring wooden bents both themes two sheets of foim H and a ptmil Please jmy iniluiUon fet to Don Chnsman htfou oi on this date WATSON
Kcgistration Workcis bliuUnls who wish lo wuik foi tho Rtgistrai duung Ilu sum nu I turn ugislralioii May 4 and 5 are uqucslcd to make application at tin Ucgistiars ofiiu lhos( with iirivinus (Xp( lienee (t ugi liation 01 othei ekncal W(irk
SI ONE
Scabbard and Blade: Members report to Aimoi*v m uniform by 12 46 today Be there —JACKSON
t a pre f( j cnee
Classified Ads
( E 62 A conditions Ust in Highway ConsUuction will In luld nt I JO pm Saliada\ Apiii 11 in loom 20fi of the Civil Enginetiing building Permits from tiu contiollei s ofliec must In piesentcd at time of the test PCriY
Exponent bopboniore* Staff. Woik seln d u!l6 ai( on tIu Imlletin hoard in tlie office please cheek \our assignments and see me ribout am adjustments -ARMSTUONO
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday April 0, at 7 16 p m In room 304 of Union Plans for fun night next Saturday will be discussed Please be present PUdfeia anive at 7 16 —RUFFNER
Phi r>ntiibdn Upsilaii* Infoimal initiation Satuidav Apiil 11 at 2 pm in room 100 of the ClumisUy Building MONTGOMERY
All SeniorN Si mors intiiesUd in getling a 1012 Dtbiis tall Builon 5001 Theodoso, r)0()5 or Woods (»20f Only a limited numbei left Call now -TIIEODOSL
Alpha Phi Omega: All pledges shaU attend the pledge meeting Monday, April 6, at 7 30 p m in the Swedish Lounge of Union Bring boards, box, and rope. - —BREWER
Typewriters—Adding Macbincn, all makes sold, rented rtp.nred and puicliased Mutungraph work done C .f EbeibholT G05 Mum, Lafayette Phone 2770
ASCE* Meeting is Monday April 6, at 7 lO pm in loom 201 of the CE building uibtcad of r ridav .is pievioiislv lepoited TRUlll
Alpha Phi Omega Interviewing committees turn in names and reports to Bert Keck immedmtelv — BREWER
S C A. Board: ROguhirsbourd meeting to be held in S U A room Thursday, April 9, at 7 30 p m —MOOAVeRO
Student Help Whntcd foi compute bom d jobs for the summei term Cumulitive index 4 00 or above requucKl Applv to Mr Aibutkle Car> Hall South
Military Code Instruction Men who epi ililieel at ()-\\-p-m or hcttii and desire a ee rtilicate to that effect should eontael Lt Biukhuit in Instruetois Room of Aimor\ - BURKHART
PAC Important meeting Widiusdav April 8 foi eUetion of olficeis All piosrnt memiuis and new senioi manugirs please attend -ADAMS
Cnfliolic Students A number of students Me wanted foi the Catholic sunuiK i eamp lliose interested eall 2601 -BROCH
Wcbicv Foundation An Easter Sunrise Service will be held this Sundav April 5, on a hillside just outside the city Ttunspuitition will be fianisbed All IhoM inter esled in going should meet at thi foundation house at t» am Sunday moinitig HORTON
S.C A. TreaRitrcrs: Important meeting in S C A room Monday, April 6. at 4 p nt. Tickets for banquet will be available at that time Plcise be prompt Have a blank check available If unable to attend, request one repic^entative of fhc hoUse attend meeting to obtain tickets Be surp yOUr sentative bus blank check to facilitate bueinebs transactions —TKOTTER
SC.A.: Any number who btill desires a Uck( t to the S O A banquet may obtain om. bv c.illinc at the S C A office Monday. April 6. nt 4 p m -TROTTER
LET’S STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
America must lie first—on Hie fields of halHc, ou the sea, and ill the air. For those of us wlio are still at home, whether we are serving on defense projects or not, onr job is to share in our
goveriimenl. LET’S STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
A 'k -k
ULY
U. S. UEFtlVSE
BONDS and STAMPS
★ ★★★★★★★★★★★★★