. *5' , ;«<r/
ii 4, I
SPOltTS COLUMN Tells About Prospective Outcome Of Great Lakes
EOIT COMMENTS On Rumors Circulating Concerning ASTP
Ibtablishedl88»
Shop For Christinas
Volume 56, No. 91
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, December 18,1943
Union Annoirntes Band For Tonight’s Dance
Tiny Hill To Appear \ New Year Varieties
" New Year’s Day has been set as the date for the appearance of the sixth Victory Varieties in the Music Hall, as has been announced by the Victory Varieties committee. Because of the limited capacity of the Music Hall both a matinee and evening performance will be^given. Advanced ticket sales will start soon at the usual stores. ' .
Tiny Hill and his orchestra will be featured on the program. Hill is known as America’s biggest band leader because of his size; he weighs 350
pouhds and is six feet tall.
Appearing on the show with Hill will be Sid Blake, comedy novelty act; the Hudson Wonders, acrobatic dancers who were featured in Michael Todd’s Star and Garter Revue. Coming from the Marine din-
Christht&s Itk^'. . .
Many Service Men Will Spend
Holiday Season On Campus RsOrgdlliZBS
War Council Ellington's Band
Will Not Play Tonight
Scarseth Discusses World Food Supply At Town Meeting Pi’of. G. D. Scarseth, University agronomist, addressed a gathering at the University Town Meeting on
ing'room"'o7the'EdgewaTer'ieach Thursday on the topic, “Our ReHotel will be Jack Holst and Milady, sponsibihty for Feeding the World.” an acrobatic act. Completing the'^^ emphasized the fact that our roster will be Peck and Perk, a dance technological knowledge and natact which has played with Cab Cal- resources can enable us to proloway at the Cotton Club, and the duce enough food to feed 100,000,000 Twelve Adorables, a line of twelve additional people on our standard of dancing girls living, but that we probably would The matinee performance will not expand to this extent unless we
start at 3:30 p. m., while the even- profitable,
ing show will begin at the usual Move Toward Personal Freedom time, 8 p. m. Because a large num- Pointing to the drives of ordinary ber of people were turned away man. Prof. Scarseth indicated that from the last Varieties, it has been in periods of crisis When the attenadvised by the committee that per- tion of people is directed to-rtrards sons interested in attending the group welfare, it is possible for us show should take advantage of the to expand our food-producing fa-
cilities tremendously and in a very short time. In the absence of some directing force weaning human energy away from the pursuit of selfinterest, he stated it is most unlikely that we would expand our food-producing capacity since it probably would not be profitable to do so. The choice he recognized as: regulated living directed towards group welfare and unregulated liv-
By Erpy Aspergeson j^g directed towards self-interest. Having received over 150 semi- in the opinion of Dr. Scarseth, the pfecious stones recently, the future pendulum today is moving in the of the applied design jewelry classes direction of greater personal and inhas broadened considerably. Hand- dividual freedom in the United carved jade, in a circular form bear- states, and he construed this as an ing a simple fiower pattern, will of- indication of a desire to return to fer excellent possibilities for mount- a period of unplanned life where the ing; another oddity in the collection prime motivating force is nrofit. is ^ pale orange carnelian with questions. Prof. Arabic engravmgs on either side; a war-ravaged few of the darker carnelians have rehabilitated within
been carved in intaglio.
Amethyst, cat-eyes, tipr-eyes, after the first world war, he adblood stones, various specimens of mitted, it took many years to requartz and a number of turquoise store the groqnd, but he attributed sets comprise a greater part of the that to lack of planning and to the collection. Thpe are many novel- resulting fact that particular secties, not only in shape but also in tions were restored as it became coloring. profitable to do so.
Under the direction of Doris
Plagge of the department students , . , . , will make original designs for rings, emphasized also that the chief earrings and bracelets, completing Problem is not one of handing out
food to individual countries, but of enabling these countries to care for
For the first time in the history of the University, it will be necessary for a large number of students to r,emain on campus for that day of days, Christmas. Those of us who stay all know what we will be missing. The chance to see our families and our girls again, the presents, meeting old friends, and Christmas dinner which make the day enjoyable. The majority of students staying will be service men and students who are not fortunate enough to live within eight hours journey of the campus. Thus a situation has arisen in regard to making Christmas day enjoyable and different for those remaining. The problem has been met by the United Service Organizations, an organization which has distinguished itself in the field of service for s'ervice men. The USO therefore is asking townspeople of Lafayette and West Lafayette to open their doors on Christmas Day to service men stranded here. They ask that those who would like to offer Christmas dinner and Christmas cheer to leave their names at the headquarters. Each townsperson may specify whether they would like a soldier, sailor, marine, or flyer, from what part of the country he should be or any other specification they wish to make. Service men who wish to accept entertainment preferred bv townspeople are asked by the USO to call up and give their name so that they may get in touch with their Christmas day hosts. We feel that this plan is a natural expression of the folks at home who desire to be of service and who feel that they can show their thanks in this way for the services our men are performing.
advanced ticket sales.
Classes In Jewelry Design Receive New Shipment Of Stones
Facilities Plans for enlarging the Student War Council to make it representative of all students on campus and a program for the activities of the group were formulated at a meeting Thursday night, accor4ing to Ellis Murphy, editor-in-chief of the Exponent and a member of the coun-
cil.
A list of the purposes of the council was drawn up and will be presented to President Elliott for his approval next week when he returns to the campus from Washington, D. C. The purposes include guiding student aid to the war effort, aiming for greater cooperation between student and faculty members on changes brought about by the war and aiding greater cooperation among student groups on the campus. The council was organized shortly after Pearl Harbor and was originally composed of heads of all major campus activities and representatives of student residence groups. Activities sponsored by the group in the past included convocations on Sunday and war stamp convos and dances. After a period of inactivity, it was reorganized as a result of suggestions made at the Opinions Convocation in November and in an Exponent editorial.
Senate Publishes Schedules
For Christmas Transportation Frafernify Houses
Schedule of trains and buses leaving Lafayette on Thursday, Dee. 23, as reported .by a Student Senate survey: Railroads New York Central—Eastbound: 12:15 p. m., 12:40, 3:55, 4:36, 7:06. westbound: 12:33 p. m., 2:55, 6:03. C., I. & L.—Chicago, 2:50 p. m.; Indianapolis, 12:05 p. m.; 12:10 a. m. Louisville, 12:05 p. m.; 12:10 a. m. Wabash—Northbound (to Detroit) : 3:06 p. m., 12:21, a. m., south-
bound (to St. Louis): 12:57 p. m.; 1:33 a. m. Buses c, Greyhound—Chicago: 12:35 p. m., 2:45, 3:40, 4:45, 6:45, 8:45, 10:45, 12:45 a', m.; Indianapolis: 12:45 p. m., 1:35,2:45, 5:00, 6:46, 8:45,11:00, 11:50, 12:45 a. m.; Kokomo, Marion and Muncie: 12:35 p. m., 4:05; Gary: 2:45 p. m., 3:40, 8:30, 10:45; Reynolds, Valparaiso, Michigan City: 3:40 p. m., 8:30; Terre Haute, Danville, Champagne: 11:45 a. m., 6:30 p. m.
the mountings in silver.
This is the first large order of ;he77Tvesrimm"ediately“after the gems to be filled since the beginning indicated, it would be nec-
of the war. Many of the stones
essary for us to help the starving world, but, as a long time project, our view should be directed towards supplying the technological equipment and knowledge needed by the hungry peoples to cultivate their
own lands.
Before closing. Dr. Scai'seth cotnmended the purpose of the University Town Meeting and urged those
Activities Bureau workers will be attending to continue discussing on hand at the bureau office, room similar problems. He finished his 366 of the Union, today from 1 to 2 talk by saying: “Only through edup. m. and every day nexjt week from cation and understanding of current 4 to 6 p. m. to help service men with issues can we solve our problems their last-minute gift buying prob- permanently.”
lems, according to Faye Tyler, Ac-
such as those obtained are often delayed in reaching this country and it has been difficult for the de-
partment to fill their orders. Activities Bureau
Assists Service Men
tivities Bureau executiye. Representatives will be available not only to give suggestions for hard-to-buy for people, but will also give ideas about where to buy specific articles and will wrap packages for mailing. Nominal charges will be made for wrapping and postage if the packages are to be mailed by the Bureau and all boxes must be supplied by the sender. Penalfy bays Thursday, December 23, and Monday, December 27, are penalty days. A student who is absent from any class on either of these two days will be assessed a fee of $6 for each day or fraction thereof missed. —DEAN OF MEN.
Catalysf Club Pledges
W. Ulrich R. Bishop
R. Carlson E. Degering R. Montague A. Ludwig S. Johnson J. Holzwarth R. Wildermuth
D. Gentry
G. Hellfrick
A. Arder P. Kaplen P. Blakely F. Lloyd R. Senoiir
C. Dameron J. McWhorter R. Morgan
W. Adams
Wearing Glasses Helps Job-Hunter, Thornton Claims “ ‘Specs’ make people Ipok honest. If you are looking for a job wear glasses and you will increase your appearance of intelligence,” at least according to experiments conducted by Prof. G. R. Thornton of the psychology department of the University, which were printed in the Januai'y issue of “Science Digest.” In carrying out his experiments Prof. Thornton showed photographs of men and women taken with and without glasses to members of his psychology classes who were then asked to rate the subjects in the photographs. Prof. Thornton contends that this information is of practical importance because of the fact that many firms will select their employees partially on the basis of their photographs. YWCA Announces New Annual Cabinet YWCA announced its new Cabinet to serve for two consecutive semesters. Selection was made by the officers—Doris Hahnenstein, president; Margaret Herd, vicepresident; Mary Ann Click, secretary; Betty Joyce Hughes, treasurer, and Miss Clare Coolidge, ad-
viser.
New members are; (Mr?.) Anne McKinnes Hausch, Olive Peterson, Dorothy Ross, Faye Gumpper, Eleen Ringenbei’g, Dorothy Van Liew, Mary Martha Bertsch, Betty Burn;5ide, Kathleen Keyes, Louise Bookwalter, Ruth Irma Walker, Evelyn Blemker, Norma Wallner.
Dr. Caiherwood's Son Publishes Pamphlet On War Employment Dr. M. Paul Catherwood, a graduate of the University, has recently had published a pamphlet on employment before and during the war and possibilities after the war. In the pamphlet Dr. Catherwood urges teamwork with industry in creating jobs for returning soldiers and othdfS thrown out of work by the change over in industry from war time to peace time production. Dr. Catherwood is now commissioner of the New York state division of commerce. His father. Dr. B, F. Catherwood, is a member of the staff in the department of history, economics and government. W. Robert Amick . . . has been awarded $200 as first prize winner in the 1943 Tom Wallace forestry contest, which Was designed to stimulate interest in forestry development and woodland conservation. The award was presented by Mark Ethridge, publisher of the Louisville (Ky.) CourierJournal and Times, which sponsored fhe project. Amick is a member of the state 4-H club staff at the University and owner of a 200-acre Jennings County farm. Alpha Zeta Pledges Eugene Houser
George Perry Joseph Judge George Slater
James Shoemaker
Robert White James Griffith
JVIarion Stackhouse
Lowell Knoop
David Dunwoody
Jim Harper
To Entertain Children
\
Fraternity’s President Council, which met last Thursday evening at the Union, decided to continue their annual Christmas benefits for poor children. In the past fraternities have entertained poor children of the surrounding community with meals and gifts. Since many of the houses have been occupied by the armed services, those houses entertaining the children will be much fewer in number. However, the others plan to hold their parties some night next week when they will invite five children for dinner and present them with gifts following the meal. Pan American Club To Hold Mexican Gift Exchange During Meeting Tonight Pan American Club will hold its monthly meeting tonight in room 363 of the Union. The program will be based on Christmas customs in Central and South America, according to Mrs. R? 0. Papenguth, program chairman. Gift exchange will be accoi’ding to Mexican fashion. A jar will be hung in a doorway filled with gifts and one person, .blindfolded, will break the jar. Following the program tomorrow night, the gifts will be sent to the south side community fund. The Pan American Club was organized on campus last spring for students from Latin American countries, but faculty and townspeople have also joined the club. Membership is open to qnyone interested. J. W. Hawthok'^ . . . who graduated from the University in the School of Mechanical Engineering in 1933, has recently been named assistant superintendent of motive power of the Central of Georgia Railway. Mr. Hawthorne was formerly with the New York Air Brake Company. Coed Hours Wednesday, Dec. 22, 10:30 Thursday, Dec. 23, 12:00 Friday, Dec. 24, 1:00 Saturday, Dec. 25, 1:00 Sunday, Dec. 26, 11:00 Friday, Dec. 31, 1:00
Pi Tau Sigma Initiates Potter As Member Pi Tau Sigma, honorary mechanical engineering fraternity, has announced the initiation of Dr. A. A. Potter, dean of the Schools of Engineering and director of the Engineering Experiment Station at the University, as an honorary member. Dean Potter is past president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education, and the American Engineering Council, and chairman of the Engineers’ Council for Professional Development and many other important engineering organizations. At present he is director of the National Patent Planning Commission and chairman of the National Advisory Committee on War Training for Industry. USO Will Provide Christmas Eve Party, Gifts For Service Men With Christmas rapidly approaching, the service man on the campus will find that he is not being neglected in the plans for holiday festivities. On Christmas eve the USO is sponsoring a special party for the service men who are unable to go home for Christmas. Feature of the evening will be the presentation of a gift to each service man attending -the party. Gifts are being furnished by the townspeople of Lafayette and West Lafayette. After the presentation a midnight supper will be served. Bob Fowler and his orchestra from Frankfort will play for the Christmas dance to be held in the USO headquarters at the corner of Fourth and South streets on Christmas night. In addition to these plans for “major operations” the USO is obtaining dinner invitations for service men from various townspeople. It is intended to have many service men have dinner in private homes on Christmas eve, the following noon and Sunday noon. A special dinner with turkey and all the fixings will be served in the Cary Halls to all the students on the Navy training station on Saturday, Christmas noon. A pjrinted menu is being made and (^igarettes will be distributed after the meal. Annual Election Names Henderson
\
Chairman Of AIEE In the American Institute of Electrical Engineers’ election held this week, J. A. Henderson was named chairman, according to Ray Smith, retiring vice-chairman. Other officers elected were J. H. Juengst, vice-chairman in charge of programs; J. P. Costas, vicechairman in charge of publicity; R. R. Nuching, vice-chairman in charge of unembership; 0. C. Myers, secretary; Priscilla Hendricks, treasurer; C. C. Martindell, senior representative; W. J. Williams, junior representative, and G. L. ’ Biggs, sophomore repiesentative.
Gimlet Club . . . fraternity, men’s activities honorary, announces the recent in-
itiation of:
Don McMillen
Bob Holmes
Dick Barwegen
Jack Abbett
Ray Schneider
Eddie Timm Jack Hines
Duke Ellington and his band will not play for the dance tonight Union officials announced last night, although rumors that he would play had been present on campus for several weeks and a definite announcement concerning the dance was made on Thursday by way of the V-12 bulletin boards. According to L. M. Vallely, manager of the Union, negotiations for the dance had been under way for several weeks but a definite phone commitment was not made with Ellington’s New York booker until Thursday. Although a written contract was expected in the mail today, telegrams received yesterday informed him that the engagement could not be kept because of transportation difficulties and because Ellington’s band was involved in an accident Thursday night in which three of the band members, including Ellington, received minor in-
juries.
Vallely also stated that since the band would have played here tonight after an engagement at Carnegie Hall and en route to a performance at the Civic Opera House in Chicago tomorrow, band‘*?hfe»^ bers simply refused to play. In the absence of Ellington, Lowell Meade and his band will play for the regular dance in the Union tonight from 9 to 12, according to John Woolling, president of Student Union. Admission will be by passport or social recreation card. Icheiser To Lecture After Psychology Staff Dinner Meeting Dr. Edith Icheiser, specialist in Rorschach techniques, will be an after dinner speaker at a tentatively scheduled dinner meeting for staff members of the division of education and applied psychology at 6:30 p. m. Dec. 20 in the Union. Dr. Icheiser lectures on Rorschach demonstrations and discusses the significance of findings of the Rorschach or ink-blot technique of personality analysis, which, according to Dr. Knight of the education and applied psychology division, is perhaps “the most'highly devrfoped technique for studying the dynamics of human emotions and human adjustments.”' Student Music Room Opens In Music Hall, Announces Stewart Opening Wednesday afternoon of a music room available to all stu-. dents has been announced by A1 Stewart, director of musical organizations and general supervisor of the new rdom. The room is on the second floor of the Music Hall over the musical organizations’ office and will be open daily from 8 a. m. to 10 p. m. excepting Monday. Direct supervisor of the room is Miss Vassie Darnell, who was a member of the Chicago Opera Company for 25 years and lately has been teaching at the Fairmont Junior College at Ormand Beach in
Floiida.
Several Hundred Records Several hundred records are available in the music room for student use. In addition to this a large library of vocal and instrumental music as well as ten practice rooms with pianos may be used by those interested. If sufficient interest is shown scheduled music appreciation periods will start soon. Miss Darnell will be in charge of the sessions, and it is expected that stories and interesting anecdotes of her experiences in opera will form a part of the periods. The music room may be reached by entering the southwest door of the Musical Hall leading to the musical organization^’ office.i 9
r I
1^
g i IF
ijf
Purdue i Exponent
\ ‘ 1
Saturday, December IB, 1943
Purdue Exponent combined with Purdue Independent Offices Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, PieldhoHse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m , 5377
Edit6r Busmctis Mnnagrer News Editor M&n&{nnK Editor Si>orta Editors
Ellis Murph> Mary Dilt William H Tysoi Carolvn Wilbn Raymond J Smith Russell M Lipes
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors Jack Abbott Ruth M Ford Madelyn A, Gratnes James T Rich irdsoO Marpirot Y Stoftes Jame Ackeimnn hranl V O lh\lli Minn Mi rlha Lee RigtTf^ KaU Howes Associate Sports Editors 1 iTnes h Ackeiman Paul Garber William Garter Warrtn C Wnuht Service Stott MorriB Better Gabnel ElnB Too Friedman lack Mailire jjj Newman Teiiy Koettmt, Bob Baker Business Staff | Advertisinff Mnnag’cr C L Gaunt Afieintant Advertising: Manager Betty Maney I Circulation Manager R G Sauerman 1 Staff For This Issue KiRht Editor \ esh Day Editor Rigfg: Citv Editor 1 Issue Editor Yarira i^ditor Wnffht Reporters in P Richardson Woeiner McGiu ^njder Riiptio C rcit Gold Georgeson Breoks Fhrmar Lynel Brown ib Prtno Brassie Rosenbeij, i ^ btalf Photoffraphor W C Tolbcr Entered as second class matter at the post oftice in Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879 i at the special rate of postage provided for in sectioui? 1103 act of October S 191 authorized January 20 1922 Published on rucsaa> Thur^da^ ind Saturday mornines dur mg the >eai except certain vacation iieriods Delivered daily by earner for $1 2o for a semebter fay mail for $1 60 for a semester Subscr ptions ma> be obtained at the Exponent office or at the W st Desk of tl e Union Represertcl for rational ad\erti8ing by National Advertis : iTK Servi e Inc College Publishers Representatives, 420 ■^iadi&on Ave New York N Y
kl ) i
New Music
Room Opens . . .
An opportunity is. being offered now for music loveis to use the new music room which has been opened on second flooi of the musical oigamzations poition of the Hall of Music Many of you have used the old music room which foimeilj- was in the Union Now is the time foi vou to take advantage of the new
loom
The new loom will be open daily except Monday fiom 8 a m to 10 p m so that students having tiee hours duimg the day may drop in or may come at night The room will be kept open o\ ei the weekend for student use At ah times the music loom is open, Miss "Vassie Dainell, supei visor of the room, will be theie to give suggestions to students or to tell them what lecoids and music are available In addition to this Miss Dainell will take sagge&tions foi new lecoids which should be pui chased to make the music room supply as complete a'- possible Sev ei al hundi ed i ecords belonging ro the musical oigamzations aie available alieadj- In addition to this vocal and in^tiumental music is on hand and practice looms on the fitth floor of the building maj be used by students The new loom was foimerly used as a practice loom foi the glee club before the glee club outgiew it It IS equipped with a Capehart combination phonograph and radio for playing lecoids Albeit P Stewait, geneial supei visor ot the loom, has been given approval for a one month opeiation of the loom That means that all ot >ou who are mteiested in it should try it out
soon
Theie is only one thing puzzling us What has happened to the recoids which were used in the Union music room‘d The new music room is ideally situated but at present is de/^idcdh undei stocked because it has been used qii imai ily t o, i ecoi dings needed by the musical oiganizatio ^ ver, with the addition of the lecoids u in the old music room the stock of mm 1C would be complete We would like to see this happen, since it would greatly enhance the value ot the new room foi everyoiie —1 ml ^ ASTP History . . . AST couises, as all tiamees discover within then fiist few days m the program, are no joyiidc, and it is haidly exaggerating things to sav that any deviation fiom persistent application is likely to wnnd up in a devastating taiUpni This IS tiue whatevei the cause—whethei it be a sudden toiient of self-pity, oi an onslaught ot tciiific paiticipatoi interest m the piogiess of the wai, to the exclusion ot attention to such minoi matters as books and labs, 01 c good solid case ot lumoi jittei s Ihe lumoi spiee staited last Sunday with publication by a Chicago paper ot a report that A5jTP was to be “giadually liquidated”, and cvci '■iiice there has been a continual chain ot 1 umoi s. Cl OSS 1 umoi s, hints, denials and ev ery olhci kind of side line expei ting '1 he ASIP lepoit on page 3 should cleai up those lumois once and for all The Wai Depaitnu nt has announced publicly that the piogiam IS not in the process of liquidation It has indicated that it is following a policy that ha*- been in effect evei since the piogram was stalled of basing the numbei of soldieis in it now, and m the future, as in the past, on the actual needs of the Arms and Services 1 he Sccretar y of War clearly indicates that if the numbei ol men m the program is ieduced
. . _ U S P.I Ofi MlRRy-GO-ROJIHP iy DREW rtAREOlil Wickard Planning To Curb Boom; Biddle Restrained From Denouncing Oil Contract, Fireworks Due WASHINGTON—Secretary of Agriculture Wick ard will soon trot up to Capitol Hill with a proposed bill in his pocket to put an end to the farm land boom lie IS keenly worried about Speculation in farm prop erties, has made a couple of speeches oh thdt subject, but has not disclosed thfe ftlll extent of the penalties he will propose to stop land speculation His bill carries a tax of 90 percent on profits from the sale of farms held less than two years In other Words, if a faim is bought and then sold again in a few months, the deal is obviously for speculation. Hot for farm production, and the piofit would be praetically confiscated by the proposed tax Farm Sales are so heavy that, if the present trend continues, they v ill surpass those of 1919 20, which was a record year Iowa farm land, for example, is bringing $225 an acre Wickard has evidence indicating that the men engaged in this speculative buying aie not farmers, and most of them are not even lesidents of fkrm areas They are investment houses and insurance companies, who have money lying aiound loose and think they can make a killing, as they did in World War I The lecoid of then speculation in that period is still wiitten black on the pages of faim history It is seen eveiy time AAA makes benefit payments, foi the largest checks in many States go not to individual faimeis, but to insuiance companies and banks which have bought land oi taken it ovei by foieclosing inoit gages Wickaid 13 piepaied foi opposition to his bill How ever, the opposition will come, not from farm ele inents but from the speculators and also from Wall Str eet hr okers who fear that the next move might be a capital gains tax on stock market operations Brazil And Russia A giouplif 160 Brazilian Army officers are going through special training in U S inilitaiy schools piepaiatoiy to leading a Brazilian expeditionary foice overseas This will put Brazil in the odd position of fighting side by side with Russia a country she does not even recognize Few people are aware that most South American countries have never established diplomatic or commercial relations with the Soviet But Brazil is the only country which is getting into the actual fighting on the same side as Russia without even recognizing hei existence In the suihmei of 1941, Chile was on the verge of establishing relations with Moscow It Can now be levealed that Chile’s President Pedro Aguirre Cerda sent instructions to his Ambassador in Washington, Rodolfo Michels, to consult with Soviet Ambassador Oumanskv about diplomatic relations between the two governments Michels and Oumansky got together and worked everything out Michels cabled Santiago that all was ready But meantime, Chilean Foreign Minister Ros setti got into a local squabble With a Chilean Communist named Contreras Labarca, and decided to block recognition of the Soviet Ihe only Latin Ameiican countiies which have es tablished lelations with Moscow aie Mexico, Cuba, Lruguay and Colombia Note to New York stock brokers When you get pan icky ovei peace rumors, lead the following words of Col N B Biiscoe commanding officer at Foit Knox Kentucky There IS much talk of early peace If you were in a poker game, consider when you would like the game to end Obviously that would be when you had all the chips in front of you Ihe Germans and the Japanese would be greatly pleased to make peace now while they hold all the chips in the foim of captured pos sessions (Copyright 1943 by United Featuie Syndicate, Inc )
at any time, it is always on the basis that the progiam is flexible and that its allocation of men can be increased or decreased as the needs of the military situation or military training make advisable And that is the basis on which ASTP has always operated All of this should make those men who let the iLimor ptteis get them teel doubly foolish Even the original stoiy about a “liquidation” gave no hint that the men now in the piogiam would be affected And now that stoiy doesn’t stand up « But men who let themselves be led into giving up on the basis ot tear alone weie setting themselves up on the only sure road to personal liquidation the piogiam has ever had—washing out In any case, until a man here is assigned elsewhere, ASTP is a duty assignment Falling down on it is no less inexcusable in that a man might have been guessing that it would all end soon, anyway Foi one thing, it is not. And in any case, there’s still a matter of a very lael obligation to the lest ot the Army to get the most out of ASTP that one can Another kind ot rurpor is spinning around, too, incidentally Theie’s a lot of loose talk that none of the psych n^i^n graduating at Goldfish State Ol Illinois Agraiian—not even a single one—was given a direct commission, and that somebody’s second cousin in Utah, who had finished all of basic, was put on KP alter he got back to troops Don’t let that get you, either There may be KP and guaid duty and everything else that goes to make up soldiering ahead But so far the men graduating from ASTP have invariably been given woik for which they have been trained We may not all get back to our own home towns loi duty, and there may be rather less goldbiicking than we’d like—but let’s go on tiusting the Wai Depaitment It’s dope light well so fai —11
iMst Looking Around
By Jack Abbett
Republicans all ovei the country are beginning to dust bit their very dusty GOP bonnets They see good prospects for thfe year 1944, m fact, the bset prospects they have had since 1983. But there js still a lot of bridge to pass over before the Nov4tttber election next year, and there are liable to be ways of washmg the bridge out from under
WBAA Schedule
Saturday Monday ( 10 30—News—^Ntws 10 46—SmiHe Time~*-Smile Time 11 00—Morninp Melodies- Diplomatic His tory of the U S Piof L Sears 11 30—Music—Music II 60—Purdue ^ews Purdue News 11 r5—News—News 12 00" Music Farm Forum 12 80—Meet the Band—Meet the Band 12 46—Maikets 12 o6—News—News 1 00—Radio Staj^c—Home Makeis Club of
the Air
1 15- Music 1 30—Maichinj? to Victory—Parents
Forum
1 45 Markets
1 65—News—News
2 00—Story a Day-—Stoiy a Day 2 15—Petie Musicale Conctrt Hall
2 30—Musical Varieties 2 65—New^—News
“We have diligently studied yom problem. Mis Snodgrass, and it IS our opinion that the 16 points required for a pound of dubious butter might be more piofit ably invested in a sound pork chop ”
3 00— Afternoon Melodies—Mary Louise
Reppeit pianist
3 lo—Music—The Job Reporter
3 30 Tea Time Tunes Musical Varieties ciatic
3 56—News—News
4 00—fea Time Tunes—Tea lime Tunes 4 30 Just Relax—Just Relax
4 o6—News—News
r 00—Little Miss Muffett—Little Miss
Muffett
*■ Music Music '■ 30—Go to Church Sunday—Vcspcis f 45—‘Music Sports Review
the now hopeful Republicans Big Republican Party officials have hopes of upsetting the traditionally Democratic South with the hatred that has been incurred foi Franklin D Koose veil The GOP bases its belief nr a Republic Victory itl the South oil the mounting numbei of anti-^Ne*# Deal senators and representatives that are springing up in Congress These very same Republicans hkve not made public the fact, if they realize the existence of it, that although the South might be becoming increasingly hostile to the New Deal it is still very much Demo-
Now it IS possible that the Deprociats in the South have developed such a hatied for the President and his follow eis and policies that they would desert then most successful
' candidate for piesident-Roosevelt
—and deliberately go Republican. But the chances aie very slim Southern Democrats all do not like the President or his ways, but they are not going to desert the better of two evils—the New Deal and the Republicans—to be ostiacized fiom
Saturday, December 18 7 30 P M Couirtj Wide Christmas Party for School Children Hall of Music 7 30 PM Party—Co C—Sec 9 and 10 and dates Memorial Gymnasium
( 66— News— News
00—Navy Music—Ch ncse Stories " 15— Home Defense—Trade Winds Taveii 30 Music—Allies vs Hitler lo—Netherlands Radio News—Music '' o5—News—Dramatized Ntws 8 00—Music—Ihe Bookman
8 16—Music—Musia
8 30 Hasten the D ly Voice of the Ai my
8 45—Music—Music 8 00—News—News
J 00—Union M xer—Musicana , 9 30— 4.nythine, But Swmt—Anything But then paity
Swing
0 55—News—News 10 05—OFF THE AIR—OFF THE AIR
Personnel Notes Companies scheduled to visit the campus U S Rubber Co, Naugatuck, Conn—Dec 21 1943 Interested in ME and E E Sign in Personnel Office by Monday Dec 20 National Tube Co, McKeesport, Pa —Date to be announced Inter ested in M E and E E Sign in Per sonnel Office by Wednesday, Dec 22 Revere Copper and Biass, Inc, Ropie, N Y —January 11 1944 In ter ested in ME, EE and Met E Also ASTP and NCTP Sign m Personnel Office by Fiiday Dec 31 Goodyear Fire & Rubber Co , Ak ion, Ohio—Jah 12 Intel ested in ME, CE ChE and AeE Sign in Personnel Office by Friday Dec 31 General Electric Co Schnectady N Y—Jan 17 and 18 Interested in M E and E E Sign nr Personnel Office by Tan 5 Federal Telephone & Radio Corp Newaik N J—Intei ested in E E and M E Coming Jan 13 Sign in Pei sonnel Office by Wednesday Jan 5
University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis —Interested in men and women Engineering and Science students as candidates for Wisconsin Alumni Reseaich Foundation assistantships Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, Dec 20 C G Conn, Ltd, Elkhart, Ind — Interested in E E Sign m Person nel Office by Wednesday, Dec 22 Continental Oil Co, Ponca City, Okla—Interested in all engineers, chemists and geologists If interested, sign in Pei sonnel Office by Monday, Jan 3 TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Placement Notes For Women The Illinois Civil Service Commission, 501 Armory Building, Springfield, 111, announces openings 111 the following fields Bacteriology, stenography, foods service, housekeeping, laboratory assistants, library work, occupational therapy, physiotherapy, psychology and lec leation Anyone interested should apply immediately, as the closing date for the examinations is January 14 1944 Women students interested m further information may inquire at the Placement Service Women, 2956
It IS very probable that the last few months before the election will bring about a reuniting of the Democratic Paity even thougn the New
Deal still holds the reins Cancellafions
Students who desire to cancel courses without grade should do so before 12 o’clock noon Decertiber 18 Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments These cards should be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department m which the subject ’s given The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office
—DEAN OF MEN.
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus, however, they aie interested in students foi employment Baldwin Locomotive Works, Phil adelphia Pa—Interested in M E Sign 111 Pci sonnel Office by Monday Dec 20 York Corpoiation, York Pv—In ter ested in ME Sign in Peisonnel Office by Monday Dec 20
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing MILLER MUSIC CO. 514 Mam Lafayette Phone 7917
ARC
SUNDAY - MONDAY
— and — ABBOTT & COSTELLO — in — "IT AIN'T HAY" — ALSO — MARCH OF TIME "AIRWAYS TO PEACE" — PLUS — DONALD DUCK CARTOON
LAST TIMES TODAY"CHEYENNE ROUNDUP" "FALL IN" DAREDEVILS OF THE WEST' PATHE NEWS
NAHS
(etinald GARDINER Olgi BACIANOVA Directed by EDMUND GOULDING Produced by WIILIAM PERIBERG
I Starting e/TOMORROW LUMA
-LAST TIMES TODAYCHARLES STARRETT — in —- 'Robin Hood of the Range' — PLUS — "Drums of Fu Manchu"
THRILLTERRIFICI A girl wailing as destiny hongs in Ihe balance) Treacherous Jops ready to strike at a beautiful womani Ono man, unarmed, protecting those he loves! Roaring ac’ion every secondl
METRO-GOLDWYN MAYER’S New Action Drama!
Starting TOMORROW utFMiem
LAST TIMES TODAY'Uyf December 18, 1943
'Xrmy, Marine News
For Service By Serrffii^ > j^'. '^■’ ''^i‘ ■ \ . '
[p## fePeirtly, the Army Spe^ciltnfeeid- ^mhirig' Program is mot: itt ^ process oi liquida|ti^|l,'f’ittli Be^^ Gommattd PPIa^^diJuarters has notified all I^ST units in the command |fi’iiea.' ' I; 11 The memorandum quotes a (i^flir department press re1^0 dated December 13, and J^jijhvarded to' Service Goml^^nd Headquarters by the Director of the ASTP in Washon: ^
^ tiiqiiidation ?; ’*“Gontrary to reports in several, newspapers,’ th^ War De.:|®r.tment a fin’d u h6‘ed ' today Jhat the ^’Sj^ecialized
Training Program is not in the process Of liquidation. “The number- of soldiers in the program will depend in the future, ab in the past, on-ac-tual needs of the Arms and Services. “In this connection the Secretary Of Wat‘said, ‘The number bf SoMiers"' assigned for training ih.' the ASTP will be changed'frOm tinfe to time so as''to accOrd With the actual needs of the Army and available' inanpo*#'er' It is ribw being sbhiewHat'Vfeduded bdf may latbr be ■ inereased br still fur-^ tfher' rieduced, as the needs of the inilftary service or military tfa'iriihg’rnake advisable.’
140,000 In Progffain ' ‘‘Ajt'TTxe’ present‘tini'e there are ^prbximately 140,0,0.6 soldiers in the program. ’ ‘‘The firsti^group of igqlj^ers enterecl'Upon this training in April of this year and the first graduates' have already been assigned to responsible Army jobs.” Hotice Service men, fiaVe^ybu a Christmas package to send home? The Activities Bureau will help you with,shopping, wrapping or mailing your presents'hom'ei Drop in at room 356 of the Union or call Activities Bnreau'office between 4 and 5 p. m; ‘ 7> Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Presept
3-Aet Fhy Jan. 8 }■ ' 'm.. ' , .6 ■
'■ By S. E. Rose, A/S ;'
Promising the campus something entirely new and different in erite'rtainifihht;. the Navy afinounced today definite plans for its all-navy show,'and will present it in the form of aj^S,-abt fierce-ioopa farce' comedy imriiediately fbUbivihg. the basketball gaihe January 8 in the Music Hall. The sho-Wirhas been named ‘‘Scuttlebutt and Brihe.’’* aiid prbmisfeS to provide ‘‘aalty’’:'' efiterthi'fiment and;———■■■ "' ^
plentyoffun. •
The show has originated here on the campus, and was written by V-12^niembers. All parts in the show will be played by Na-vy and Marine members of the
V-12 program;' '
The show will feature fast lines, quick actions and plenty solid jokes.
>• First Christian Church Corner Sixth atid North Rev. Doyle Mullert, Minister
. , , - , 9 a. m.—Kappa Beta pledging in
It promises, to be ■ one of 44 s best {he church
programs in the Hall of Music, and has the'distinctiori Of being the first
of the new year.' V-12 Band Featured
Along With the‘ play the Navy V-i2 band will handle the 'musical
MAY WE SUGGEST .
that the Foster Shop has a rare galaxy of gifts that are sure to please her, Come ill anti look uroimd.
We can’t begin to list the smart gifts yon will fiiid . ... everything to suit yohr mste and yonr purse. We know you’ll fiiid “the very thing” at
THE FOSTER SHOP
East Side of Square
9:30—‘Sunday School. The speak-
er will be Miss Coolidge. 10:40—Ghui’ch Service.
5 to 7—‘Sunday Evening Club.
7—Chi’istmas caroling.
, ,, Saturday from 8 to 12—In then portion Of the progrann Among the basement there will be the
annual Christmas .party, which is a “dress-up” occasion. Admission
will be 15 cents.
ventriloquist, who has given short performances at pre-vioUS convos. Other features include Bob Hoffman, impersonator-; Gordon Grow, pianist stylist,, a German band and
a barbershop quartet.
Admission to the play will be the purchase Of a 25-cent war stamp for the general public, by social recreation cards for service men and by Utiivefsity passports for sj;u-
dents. : Kofice
All PE 12 Classes will be suspended until next Monday because the epidemic of respiratory diseases and influenza on campus has not yet been brought under control, according to “Doc” Miller of the health service. The. restriction applies to service .men as well as civilians. •
■' . ) -Vi'-' By Jay Newman, A.SV, USNR • SOPHISTICATED SWING BY ONE WHO KNOWS HOW Wh4n the conversation swings around to tbp name bands, Duke Ellrngtoh Is Tisually held to be one of the best ift his field, sOphisticiitied swfni'. Like “Stardust” and last year’s house slippers, the Duke has been kicking around for quite a while and is as well liked as ever. .So it’s not hard to explain the excitement that ran through every Navy baiTacks la.st '!fhpriday when a notice -v-as tacked up with the unbelievable news that Dafce Ellington was coming to town. . Much credit is due Mr. Vallely. chairman of the Social Recreation Committee, who is responsible for lining up outside entertainment for all the sefvic'e fnen and students on campus. Considering war-time shoiTages of good acts and transportation, Vallely has done a hang-np jolr hr bnofitfitg good bands for University performances’. He is known to the hooltfng agents as one of the fastest workers in the entire field. Inside dope on this particular deal is that the social committee by some neat maniptilating had lined'up Ellington’s band several weeks ago. He was to give a concert at 6:.30 and begin the regular dance at 9. Suddenly news came thrdtigli that all arrangements were cancelled; the band was to go strillglrt frttitt New York to the west coast, not stopping at the Civic Opera HotisnTn Chicago Sunday night and therefore not stopping at Lafayette Saturday night. At that, Vallely is reported to have grown excited. He began talking into six or seven telephones at once, as show people often do, and soon had telephone wives all the way from Chicago to: New York snapping arid popping; When he finished, several people had an entirely different outlook on life. And as a result, the message came through at 10 p. m. Wedneseday that the Duke would be here today. The show tonight will be one of the biggest seen bn campus this year. There will be jive for the hep cats, sweet stuff for the sentimentalists, and best of all, the famous Duke Ellington dish of swing for the strictly sophisticated shufflers.. Yowsa. See you there.
Hillel Foundation 116 Sheetz Street Rabbi M. H. Simon 10:30—Regular Worship Service. 6:00—A book review will be given at the evening meeting by Rabbi Simon.
• A NEW SLANT The proverbial ship-wrecked sailor on the desert island stared, fascinated, as a beautiful mermaid slowly rose out of the sea before him. When she finally lay smilingly on the beach he stared hard at her and then groaned, “Good Lord, another mouth to feed.”
St. Mary’s Catholic Church 12th and Columbia Rev. Edward Holland, . Student Pastor Newman Club will. sponsor a breakfast in St. Mary’s auditorium immediately after the 9:30 Mass. The meeting is open to all Catholic students who wish to attend.
COLOGNE; SACHET In iliree marvelous scents" STIItRlNG, startling and 'Excitement A delicate white powder, witli a lasting scent many times stronger than most sachet powders. The iPve1;’, dainty way to stay freSh and fragrant thfoughout thcday.Ceilingprice$1.50* Sold exclusively by
University Presbyterian Church North Street, near Grant Rev. John W. Findley, Minister 9:30—A study of the Gospel by Matthe'W, conducted by Dr. G. H. "Graves wilh be held in .the church lounge. 10:30—Morning Worship service, Mr. Findley’s subject will be “How They Found Him.” The solo, “None
• A NEW OFFICERS’LOUNGE , For the first time in four months, the Grill in zero deck of North West Cary Hall found itself in the company of human beings again. Ever since a shortage of help and food forced the manager of the Grill to close it. down last August, it has never been entered except by employees of the Hall bent on. keeping it clean. Last Wednesday, however,Grill blossomed Out in renewed splendor: soda fountains and booths had given way to rugs, easy chairs, and dining-tables. The officers, it developed, ■ had themselves a new lounge. The story behind it is this: the Navy Recreation Department wanted to purchase card tables, ping pong equipment, etc., for the Navy Barracks (halls and fraternity houses), but the Electrician’s Mates had no recreation lounge in which to use the stuff. Without a lounge the equipment w%s useless and of course wouldn’t be bought. When told of the situation, the officers immediately offered their lounge, located on the zero deck of West Cary. So that’s why they now liaVe a new one. Incidentally, look for ping pong tables to' arrive in fraternity houses soon. Other Lamb,” byi Wiseman; will be Laura Newcomb will sing “The sung by Ruth Humphi-eville. ■ Birthday of the King,” by Neidlih-5-^Candlelight Service; G. W. ger. The topic of the address will Halik will play a violin solo and be “How the Wise M^n Went Home.” 6—Fellowship supper at 20 cents a plate. • - * - 6;30—The group will go caroling, ending at'Jbahh'e Clevbtt'^'h'ome for fefl'eshments'. ‘
Deac’s Wishes
H. G. “Deac” REISNER BOOKSTORE % -—Established 1908— ^
325 State Street . ■ I -c I 'i?
West Lafayette, Indiana
St. John’s Episcopal Church Sixth and Ferry' Rev. R. F.' Thornton, Rector 8 a. m.-^Holy Communion. 10:45—Morning Prayer; Litany and sermon. The anthem is to be “O Come, Emmanuel,” an ancient plain song. Richard Stanfield will sing ‘Didst TK6u Leave Thy Throne,” by Matthews. Mr. Thornton’s subject is anrfounced as “Prelude to the First Advent.’'
Roger Williams Foundation West Lafayette Baptist Church 6 p. m,—Prof. A. A, Smith will speak' on “Some Aspects of Christian Living.” A 20-cent dinner will follow.
Lutheran Students 7 p. m.—The Lutheran students ■ will go on a caroling tour. Afterwards there will be a taffypulling contest. All interested are to meet promptly at Rev. Stolldorf’s home at 626 North Ninth street.
For a Merry Christmas P5q to $5.00 ea. The more the merrier for Christmas! The hankies that everyone loves. We've heaps and heaps of heavenly hanktes. Wisps of dainty white, embroidered, lace trimmed; sparkling solids, gay prints. Yes, here are pretty-pleasers for everyone on your gift list. . . and our prices are gift-low.
Wesley Foundation Corner State and Sheetz Streets Rev. E. R. Balsley, Minister 9 :o0—Sunday School. 10:40 —Worship' Service. I^. Steele will preach on “The Life arid the Light.” The two anthems are to be“0 Thou That Tellest Goad Tidings,” by Handel, and “Th'd Shepherds’ Story,” by Dickinson. ' 6:15—Supper at the Foundation. 6:00—Christmas program sponsored and conducted by the Wesley Fout\dation choir. 7:45 at Church—The church choir will sing Handel’s “iVIessiah.” Tfe soloists will be Cleonice DeKay, Ruth Lee and S. E. Keller ; Dr. Steele is to be narrator. * Tuesday at 7:30—Both cell groups will meet. : ' Wednesday at 7:30—The annual Christmas party. " Notice Today, Dec. 18, marks the first anniversary of the Army SpectalT-' ized Training Program^ Coursek under the program were first given in April, 194®; Buy War Sonc^I"'i -I S'J i t'
3“
.-H'i’" '' '*' ' ' '' ' !■ ' ^jgS^
; BaiurSitxy^ Debembe¥ 18^ 1943
Purdue Exponent
Riveter Netmen To Play At Great Lakes Tonight
Strong Great Lakes Quintet Favored In Clash Between Unbeaten Teams
PROBABLE STARTING LINEUPS Purdue Position Great Lakes Lodge F 4 Armstrong Horn F Schaefer Frazier C Coleman Friend G Smith Hjaag G Joachim Victorious in their first two home contests of the season, Piggy Lambert’s basketeers will journey to the Great Lakes Naval Training Station to face a powerful Bluejacket quintet tohight. The Sailors are undefeated in four games thus far, numbering among its victims Chicago and Illinois. Despite the unblemished record of the Riveters, Coach Ward Lambert has adopted a pessi- ____________________________ mistic outlook for the game. , \ . . ,. , , 11, . 1 . championship freshman five; Den‘We hardly expect to beat „.^orn, freshman from Princeton, them, said Lambert, but we and Stephen Frazier, Marine transwill give the boys a good show.” fer from Southwestern of Kansas, Since the Boilermakers dis- will take the floor at the* opening played definite improvement in ball- tonight. In the two games handling as they defeated DePauw, Pls-yfid to date, Haag has taken the 49-32, after a somewhat ragged among scorei’s with 20 points, showing in nipping the DePauw V-5 while Lodge is close behind with 18' team, 46-41, “Piggy” is hopeful that . his comparative youngsters will con- The team will leave tomorrow tinue to show improvement against morning at 10 o’clock on the Riley, the Bluejackets. ^ The next home game will not be Star Studded Lineup until January 3, when the BoilerThe Great Lakes 'quintet which makers will face Notre Dame in has rolled over four opponents, their the Fieldhouse. Before coming back most recent victory coming over to Lafayette the Riveters are schedBowling Green, 65-14, boasts a uled to meet Notre Dame at South large assortment of college and pro- Bend and have a return match with fessional stars. Foremost among Greencastle Pre-Flight at Craw-
them are Paul Armstrong and Herman Schaefer, who have played together since grammar school. Both men have played professional ball after starring for Branch McCracken’s fives at Indiana University. Other former college stars on the team are Don Smith of Minnesota, Jack Coleman of Duke, Charles Joachim of Mt. Union, Wyndol Gai'y of Bowling Green, who set a new Ohio collegiate scoring record of 510 points in 22 games as a freshmjfn last year, and Dallas Zuber of Toledo. ^The Boilermakers will probably field a team similar to the one which took the floor Wednesday night against DePauw. Paul Friend, veteran guard; Charlie Haag and Bill Lodge, holdovers from last year’s
fordsville.
Notice
The Selective Service Act requires men to register on their eighteenth birthday. If this birthday falls on Sunday or a holiday, registration should take place on the following day. Christmas is the only holiday recognized ^fy the Selective Service officials. Local Selective Service Board No”. 2 of Tippecanoe County (293) Post Office Building, Lafayette) requests that it be noted that no exception will be made for any student. The Board Office is open from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. six days a week. F. C.'HOCK EM A, ' Executive Dean.
Wrestlers Present " I * ■ Matches To Pitblic At 2:30 Coach Claude Reeck’s wrestling squad will go through a series of regulation bouts tomorrow afternoon. The purpnse of such a drill is to give them an idea of how the bouts are scored. In addition the coach feels that this will give him an oppor'tunity to make some sort of semifinal decision about Avho will represent the team in the various
classes.
The bouts which are lo be held today at 2:30 will be of regulation length and will be conducted and scored on the same basis as a regular meet. These meets ai’e scored on a point basis as follows; Two points are awarded for taking an opponent down, two points are awarded if you are lucky enough to get on top from underneath the opponent. One point is awarded for an escape and one point is awarded for holding the advantage for one
minute.
The meet tomorrow will be divided into the regulation matches which are in turn divided into bouts. The matches are made up by weight
classes.
Coach Reeck states that “the men are coming along all right.” At any rate he has high hopes for the meet coming up early in January.
Classified Ads
Money to Loan—On diamonds, watches, Kuns, luggage, typewriterfa. Alberts Loan
Oftico, 407 Columbia.
Typewriters—Adding machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. / C. P. EbershofT, 606 Main,
Lafayette. Phone 2779.
All Students—All types of services and supplies now available. Odd requests and novelties our specialty. Satisfaction guaranteed. Call B. Bolls, 3301, Room 12. Lost—Silver ring with four turquoise stones. Leslie Canning, 5067. Reward. Lost—Billfold containing licenses, etc. Return to Karl Schahcl,^ 403 Waldron St., or phone 6280 airport. Reward.
Lounge of the Union. All officers and members interested in the future of the club are urged to attend. —BENDER Catalyst; Meet on west steps of Ch.E. building Saturday, Dec. 18, at 5:15 p. m. for big chicken dinner. Important that students and faculty be on time. —GAUNT Chi Eta Epsilon: Meeting Tuesday, Dec. 21, Ch.E. building at 7 :30, room 111. Important discussion. Be there. —HITE Student Union Members: Theij^vvilT he a Ghristmds par^y for all Student Union members Monday, Dec. 20, in the Workshop.
-“^HOLMES
Alpha Lambda Delta: Saturday meeting has been postponed. Please watch this col-
umn for time of next meeting.
—MINEI^
Catholic Students: There will be a Newman Club breakfast Sunday, Dec. 19, in St. Mary’s auditorium immediately after the 9 :30 Mass. Everyone is urged to attend. —ANDERSON Exponent Workers: Meet at Exponent office at 4 p. m, Saturday, Dec. 18, for Christmas party.' —MURPHY ASME: All members and future members are invited to Christmas party on Wednesday, Dec. 22, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 108 of the ME building. ’ —WORMSER Ceres: Pledge meeting Dec. 20 at 6 p. m. in the Tower Room of the Union.
-tHOBSON
Theta Alpha,Phi: MeetitiK on Tuesday, Deo. 21, at B:4B p. m. in the Union caleteria. Initiation is postponed until DMombci' 29. -DELONG , AWS: All girls graduating in January who have not filled out activities up to datg must come to the AWS office between 4 and 6 Monday, Tueseday or Wedneseday, De^ 20, 21, 22. —JONES SDX: Meeting at B:16 in Exponent office, Monday, Dec. 20. Bring money and tickets for dance. —MURPHY Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting of the Christian Science Organization will be held in the tower of the Union, Tuesday, Dec. 21, at 7:30 p. “-g^HWANT
Grandstand Echoes By Ray Smith (J’oniglit the basketball team will get one of its toughest assignments of the ciuTent season when Piggy Lambert sends the Riveter five on the floor for the first game away from home. Lt. Tony Hinkle’s Great Lakes quintet is a good team
Notices Alpha Phi Omega: Executive meeting Sunda> Dec. 19, at 2 :30 p. m. in the Swedish on any court, but the fact that the sailors will be on their own tramping ground Wakes them even better. It was announced here last night that WBAx\ would keep the people in this area up to date on the game by broadcasting the score at fiveminute intervals. It was impossible for the station to broadcast the game play by play, so this method seemed to be the best substitute to keep everyone informed of the game’s progress. We suggest that you tune to WBAA about 7:45 tonight for the first score should come in shortly before 8 o’clockAccording to the experts, the Boilermakers will enter the game as the underdog even though they are undefeated in two contests. It will be the second time this year that a Purdue team has gone to the naval training station as the underdog, but the first time the Riveters left the grounds the victor. Although few people expect a Riveter victory, we think that this collection of basketball players is capable of pulling another upset. We would like to extend our sympathy to the student body at Indiana University on the death of their head track coach, E. C. Hayes. The death of Hayes is a great loss to the track world as well as Indiana, for he has 'developed many stars during his career. TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
1'
Santa Please: “Bring me a SWEATER and
SKIRT
99
Pure Wool Sweaters $3.95 to $5.95 All Wool Skirts $2.95 to $8.95 New Jumpers $5.95 to $7.95 Tailored Slacks ' $2.95 to $7.95 Slack Suits $10.95 to ^4.95 Jackets-Windbreakers $3.95 to $10.95 Blouses .$1.95 to $3.95
SiidgeA. Sjwa.
530 Main Street
High! in the Village
Visit our Downstairs Gift Shop now and note the wide selection
of gifts for every name on your list
For HIM
Desk Accessories > Smoking Accessories
Bill Folds
For HER Dressor Sets Manicore Sets Jewelry
A HOST OF TOYS AIVIII GAMES FDR THE KIDDIES
SEE DUR SEHVIEE MEM’S EANTEEM The Latest in Insignia Jewelry
Southworth’s Downstairs Gift Shop
i'i