/
t' ^
Scabbard And Blade Lists Pledges At Military Ball
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Fair today with some cloudiness. Tomorrow unsettled, much colder.
Completion Of Cary Hall Quadrangle Assured As Board Awards Contracts
Bob Crosby Plays For 650 Couples In Ballroom Six hundred and fifty couples swirled to the music of Bob Crosby and his Bob Cats in the Union Ballroom last night as the Military Ball opened the University winter formal season. Led by Brigade Commander Cadet Colonel J. M. Rudolph with Miss Margaret Sharkey, and Military Ball Committee Chairman Cadet Colonel Treece with Miss Roma Heidkamp, dancers filed under the arch of sabers formed by the Ball Committee in the grand march at 10 o’clock, following the third dance. The Union was placed at the disposal of the merry-makers and closed to all others. A red cellophane backdrop, decorated with the gold crossed cannons and P of the artillery insignia, backed the orchestra, and battery guidon pennants lined the outer hall. National and brigade colors were hung from the ballroom balcony. Silhouettes of cami) life shielded the amber indirect lighting in the ballroom. ' Scabbard and Blade R. B. Coen, first lieutenant, took over the band stand at 10:30 to announce 36 new Scabbard and Blade pledges. Coen acted for Captain R. C. Zimmer, who is attending the national Scabbard and Blade convention in California. Seniors pledged from the corps were: R. K. Hirchert. West Lafayette; A. H. Levin, Gary; J. E. Taylor, Lafayette; S. T. Novak, Cleveland, Ohio; R. L. Forkner, Hartford City; P. T. Frangos, Chicago, 111.; W. J. Derner, Hammond; W. B. Boothby, Westbrook, Maine; W. C. Prechter, Green Bay, Wis.; T. E. Peismgei, Seymoui; R. S. Harpei, Ligonier; E. H. Duval, Dayton, Ohio; M. L. Munson, Craigville. J. T. Doan, West Lafayette; E. L. Tynei, Peru; C. F'. Hoffman, East Chicago; R. H. Jacks, Monticello; H. N. Behrends, Park Ridge, 111.; E. C. Gross, Oak Pai-k, 111.; D. E. Monger, Indianapolis; R. E. Heine, West Lafayette; D. C. Manlove, Hilton; R. C. Meleney, Winnetka, 111.; J. E. Kessel, Indianapolis. Juniors pledged were: J. A. Hebbeler, Evansville; R. C. Becker, Albany, N. Y.; H. G. Kolb, Vevay; R. R. Cooper, South Bend; H. M. Knight, Oak Park, 111. J. W. Claypool, Hempstead, Long Island, N. Y., and C. A. Heidbreder, Quincy, 111., were pledged from the band. Colonel D. H. Beere, Captain D. Larr, Captain F. Donaldson, Prof. Joseph Liston, and Dean R. G. Dukes were pledged as associates.
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY
November 12, 1938
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 52
Prom, Gala Week Petitions Out Tuesday
Music Makers Available In Student Senate Office Through
Friday For One Dollar; Must Have 50 Signers
Bandleader Bob Crosby and Marion Mann, his featured singer, got their heads together for the dancers at the Military Ball last night. Crosby will play in Coloma, Mich., tonight, and following a road trip through the East will reopen at the Blackhawk in Chicago on February 10 for a year’s stay. Glee Club Will Begin Concert Tour Monday The Purdue Glee Club will leave the campus Monday morning on a concert trip. They will sing a high school convocation pi-ogram in Lebanon High School Monday morning and another at Shelbyville High School on Monday afternoon. The Musical Club of Batesville will present the Glee Club in a full two hour formal concert Monday night. On the journey, aside from Glee Club singers, will be Morey J. Doyle, piano soloist, and Richard P. Thornton, Glee Club accompanist. The club, with Director and Mrs. Albert P. Stewart, and Paul F. Woi'cester, student manager, in charge, will travel by chartered bus.
Co-ed Practice Houses Will Be Moved To Make Way For New Cary Hall Units
By Dorotby C. Miller
“I’ll be glad when they get the practice houses moved,” said practice house director Miss Marjorie Aches on. “I regret that the houses are being moved at this time because it’s going to keep the girls from getting as much training in home management as otherwise is
possible.”
The practice houses are being moved to make way for the new Cary Hall units. The two present practice houses plus two more homes, which will later be used as practice houses, are being moved to the area east of the Women’s Residence Hall. “Preparation for moving is now under way; the moving is expected to be completed in about four weeks,” said H. B. Abbott, purchasing agent. Place For Practice Work The practice houses provide a place in which the seniors do practice work in the operation and management of a home. All seniors in the school of home economics are required to take the course in home management.
Practice house work is also a requiiement for the Smith-Hughes license. This special license is required for teaching in vocational high schools which are financed by government money under Smith-
Hughes act.
Six girls reside in a house for a period of about three weeks. During this time each gii’l, in turn, acts as housekeeper, ,assistant housekeeper, waitress, manager, cook, and assistant cook. Every girl IS thus assigned her special duties. For example, the cook plans the meals with an allowance of 50 cents per person per day, makes a marketing- list, and buys the food.
Guest Dinners
Each girl must have a guest dinner, to which she invites a member of the faculty. The six seniors must give a buffet dinner once during their stay at the home management house. They invite five faculty members as their guests for
this meal.
The practice houses are now in charge of Professor H. M. Landin and Miss M. A. Acheson.
Candidates for Prom and Gala Week committees will be able to start campaigning next week when petitions are made available in the Student Senate office Tuesday. Petitions may be obtained any afternoon from 4 p. m. to 5:30 until Friday for the price of one dollar. Junior petitioners must obtain the signatures of 50 members of the junior class to be eligible for Prom committee. Seniors likewise are required to have the signature of 50 classmates to be eligible for Gala Week committee. Elections December 12 Petitions are to be turned in by 5 p. m., Thursday, November 24, and elections will be held on Tuesday, December 12. Seven juniors will be„elected to the Prom committee while six seniors will be chosen for the Gala Week committee. As in all other campus activities, petitioners must have a 3.5 scholastic average for all previous semesters in the University. In order to avoid embarrassment. Student Senate officials urge all potential candidates to check their averages. Campaigns will be wide open affairs as they were last year, with all political wiles and ruses being eligible. There will be no restrictions placed on the candidates providing they meet requirements. ^
Horticultural Show Opens Today For Week-End Display stellar attraction at the University greenhouses and Horticulture Building this week-end is the 18th annual Purdue Horticultural Show. The show consists of a magnificent display of fruits, vegetables, and flowers from commercial growers, 4-H club members, and school students all over the state. Unique feature of the flower exhibit is a memorial garden by the freshman class in honor of the University World War veterans. A wreath of white chrysanthemums in front of the Honor Roll tablet and a circling background of a variety of white chrysanthemums gives an inspiring arrangement. Flower Section The flower section of the show fills four corridors of the greenhouse and has one entire section devoted to immense red, yellow, and white chrysanthemums. A less beautiful but more practical part of the show is the sophomores’ plant propagation exhibit. This includes firs, ferns, and a grafting set up. The Sisters from St. Elizabeth have contributed their bit with a collection of fruit and vegetable canning. The hours during which the public will be admitted to the exhibits are. Friday, 1 to 9 p. m.; Saturday, 8 a. m. to noon and 1 to 9 p. m.; and Sunday, 1 to 5 p. m. Officials uige students to attend the show Satuiday, if possible because a large ciowd is expected Sunday. Omicron Nu To Discuss Convention Pians Today Members of the executive com'milttee of Omicron Nu, national home economics honor society, will meet here today to discuss plans for the national convention. The members of the committee and of the home economics staff will be guests at a luncheon given by Dean Mary L. Matthews at 12:30 o’clock today in the home economics tearoom. Five pledges to Omicron Nu will be initiated this afternoon in the Home Economics Building. The pledges are Eleanor Benton, Ruth Wiley, Janette Shaffer, Margaret Johnson, and Esther McKiimey.
Clergyman Urges Peace Cooperation On Armistice Day “The cooperation of our nation with European nations is essential for woild tranquility. Peace is not the absence of war but the result of constructive efforts,” said Bishop Paul Jones of Antioch College at the Purdue Peace Committee’s annual Armistice Banquet held last night at Cynthia Jones Hall. Promptly at 11 o’clock yesterday morning, Purdue Order of Military Merit, and Scabbard and Blade members fired the customary Armistice Day 21-gun salute, in the parkway south of the Union. Following this all spectators stood with bowed heads listening to the echoing sounds of “Taps.” ' Colonel D. M. Beere then addressed the students in the foyer of the Union Building. After placing of a wreath upon the roll of honor of the 64 World War dead of this University, Student Union President, Gordon W. Matthews, read the roll-call. Choir Will Sing For Music Room Program Tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock the Union music room will present another in its series of Sunday afternoon programs as the Central Presbyterian Choir appears in the Union ballroom. Noted for their fine music, they won first place in their division at the Chicagoland music festival held this summer. The choir is directed by A. P. Stewart, University director of music. The program is open to all and the Union invites townspeople as well as students to attend. The committee in charge requests that all planning to attend be in the ballroom by 4 o’clock. The program will be announced in the tomorrow’s Exponent. Charlotte Lochner.. . . . chairman of the residence committee of WSGA addressed a sophomore training school Thursday afternoon. She explained that WSGA is going to enforce hour^ for co-eds. Co-operation of the smaller resident houses on campus was requested.
Ohio Game Pictures Will Be Screened Monday At 8 p. m. Motion pictures of last week’s Purdue-Ohio State football game will be shown Monday evening at a special program to be presented in the Union ballroom beginning at 8 o’clock. Under the sponsorship of the Student Union and the Tippecanoe County alumni association, these pictures will be shown to the student body and to local alumni. Head Football Coach Mai Elward will be the main speaker of the evening and will comment on the pictures. The movies were made for the University athletic department by Professor W. A. Knapp, who photographs nearly all Purdue foot-
ball games.
Films of several other recent Boilermaker games will also be shown during the program. Each movie runs for approximately half an hour, and includes every play made during the game. Campus Variety Hour Returns At 3 This Afternoon “This undoubtedly will be the funniest and most entertaining Campus Variety Hour ever produced,” said Hank Miller enthusiastically last night. The first Campus Variety program since October 8 will be presented this afternoon in Fowler Hall between 3 and
4 o’clock.
Hank Miller is the play producer and will act as master of ceremonies. Skits, melodrama, male trios, beautiful co-ed singers, piano solos, new talent, and a host of old talent will appear on the stage. Harry McGrady’s orchestra, featuring Russ Mock in “Little Rock Get Away,” will offer the musical background. Russ and Joe Rittenhouse are to be featured in the comical skit “Melodrama of Little Nell.” New Singers The program holds in store many new University singers who will sing over the air for the first time. Vern Draege will make his public debut on the sweet potato. Allan Johnson’s drama, “History of the Old Oaken Bucket,” telling how the/-tradition got started, is one of the attractions. Charlean Whittington, who appeared on the last variety program, will also be
back.
A male quartet consisting of Harold Schulte, Charlie Powell, and Paul Worcester will present a medley of “Hail Purdue,” “Our Indiana” and “For the Honor of Old Pui--due.” Powell will introduce “Now and Forever,” his latest composi-
tion.
“College Caravan” returning to the air after a six weeks’ absence may be heard over WBAA at 2:15 p. m. The program will be in honor of the University of Illinois. “Campus Varieties” will also be aired by WBAA. Shelton's U. Of I. Band Will Play For Mixer Dick Shelton and his Univei’sity of Illinois orchestra are scheduled to play tonight for the regular Union dollar mixer. Shelton andjhis 12-piece orchestra is a well-known band in Chicago, where the band has appeared at the Aragon. Dick Shelton and his boys have played at many fraternity dances and mixers on this and other campuses.
George A. Fuller Company Will Construd Building Completion of a project, dreamed about and started with Franklin Levering Cary’s contribution ten years ago, was assured yesterday as the University Board of Trustees awarded contracts for the last men’s residence unit in the Cary Hall block. George A. Fuller Construction Co., of Chicago, now at work on the Chemical Engineering Building, was given the general engineering contract. Their bid was for $687,000. However, a deduction incurred by a change from aluminum to wood window frames and sashes reduced the figure to $662,700. Lahr Plumbing and Heating Co. of Lafayette received the contract for plumbing; Kayes Brothers, the heating and ventilating contract; Porter, Glore, and Glass, of Indianapolis, the electrical contract. Tudor English Style The new 300 foot hall will be constructed of brick and Bedford stone trim in the same Tudor English style as the present'halls. It will face Stadium avenue, and will be built as a center section recessed from the line of the two ends. From the recessed portion, in the center of the new building, a five story tower will rise above the three story level of the present structures. Offices for all Cary Halls, together with a reception room, will be located on the main floor of this tower section. Eight students will be quartered in the fifth floor of the tower. Both the second and third floors of the new building will be continuous throughout the length of the hall, differing from the second and third floors of the present halls only because of the greater length and unusual shape of the building. (Continued on page 2) Seniors Urged To See Debris Proofs In Next Few Days In order to accommodate seniors receiving postcards which state that their Debris picture proofs have arrived, Dexheimer-Carlon representatives will be in room C of the Union Building from 1:30 this afteiv noon until evening, or as long as seniors continue to appear. Of the 450 senior proofs received from Indianapolis during the first four days, only 50 have not been called for. Viewing has been scheduled up until next Thursday. Orders for personal or gift portraits will be taken during the time of viewing. Studio representatives guarantee pre-Christmas delivery on all pictures ordered from them while they are on the campus. One thousand and ten sittings were made by the Dexheimer-Car-lon photographer during his stay here early in October. Those receiving postcards who have proofs laid aside are urged to visit room C as soon as possible, by the Dexheimer-Carlon representatives. PI A Hayride Will Start From Union At 7:30 Tonight Last call for prospective hayriders and guests of the PIA hajrride has been issued by Bob Fowler, PIA activities chairman. The hayride is scheduled for tonight from 7:30 to midnight. Co-eds, ed stags or PIA members and guests are invited. About 40 have already signed up, but more can be accommodated if they sign up by 12:30 today in the PIA office. Those going will meet at the west door of the Union at 7:80, In case the weather is not favorable, tibe charge for refreshments will be refunded..1
^dibahud
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
mV:
J^todtUhOA
Saturday. Novetjiber 12, 1938
Coming Up. •. ... in about a month are the first popular elections of the year—elections to staff the Prom and Gala Week committees. Early voting for these positions was inaugurated last year because it was thought the committee members would have time to do a better job. Especially in regard to Prom it seemed wise since it was supposed to give plenty of time for signing a band. As things turnel out the band was not signed any earlier and the committee didn’t get a bit more accomplished than it would have after spring elections. Perhaps this should discourage the enthusiasm for early elections, but we’re still not convinced. Even if it is impossible to get bands more than a month ahead of time there are many other projects such as decorations, programs, etc. that could well occupy the time. Last year a new note was introduced into Prom elections when one party came out with plans to put the dance in the Fieldhouse. While the idea may or may not have been practical, it at least was a platform point. We’ve heard many prom platforms but never before seen any actual evidence of what the party intended to do if elected. The change was so refreshing it would be well worth repeating. We’d like to see each party this year publish a platform describing their ideas for the 1939 Junior Promenade.
Yellow Slips ...
... made their semesterly appearance on the campus yesterday with their warnings to students not passing in all their work. The University goes to quite some trouble in sending out these slips, and they do not mean them as merely an idle warning. Many students will get these slips, look them over, and then proceed to laugh the matter off. Perhaps the' best thing they could do would be to find out just what caused the delinquency report. We’d strongly advise that each person getting one of the slips have a
the Purdue EIxpoxiUUt
Entered as second class uatter at the poet in Lafaxette, Indiana, under <he act Of Consmtes Of .Ma:^ t, 1879, and it the i^ial rate of 'pdstace pfoilddod foi* in section 1108, act M October 8, 1017, authorised Januatx 20, 1022. Published daily except Monday dui^B the rexular academic year sad weeicly duriny the Summer Session. Delirered locally by carrier for |3.00 per year, mail subscription (3.60. Editor-In-Chief... H. I. Stanbadc
Business Manager.
...R. R. Hensler
PUBUCATION STAFF Mansyiny Editor....... — — ^ S. Harto City Editor..._.._ .......... D. A. Associate Bditor8....0. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, B. E.Insley, W. A. Eroeplin', D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Bmdness Manayer. :....M. C. Beeves Local Advertisiny Manser.... .....E. M. Antonini Circulation Manaeer. —....W. F. Bery Sales Manager. ..^ V. Daugherty National Adverti^ng Manager W- Nevin Accounts ManxtgOr. 1-— W. B. Smith Art Director........— .....D. J. Hennin'ger SPOBTS STAFF Editor.. _.. B. L. McDonald Associate Editors. ._....J. A. Hebbeler, . B. Jenkins, B. J. Deekard CO-ED STAFF Editor. Sally McKee Associate Editors.... .._ —.-...Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wlckard EDITOBIAL OFFICE Boom D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE , 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are stndent opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-diief. ' REPRBSENTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College 'Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N.Y. CHicASO • Boston ■ Los Ahseles - S*n Fbancisco
Night Editor—Terrio Issue Editor—Willsey Saturday, November 12, 1938
conference with the instructor of his reported course and find out just exactly where the trouble lies. Knowing the reasons for delinquency is half the battle — correcting the situation then becomes far easier.
3[sdisM to the Editor
Lettors accepted for publication in this column' must be accompanied by the vhdter’s signature and should he limited to 15« words in lengthOrdinarily the author's name "will be . published with the letter. If for reasons obvious to our readers the name is withheld, it will be kept in strict confidence. The Exponent does not assume any responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. End-Zone Football Tickets To the Editor: We cannot understand why Purdue students, who are supposed to be considered first, are forced to accept end-zone tickets for the football games. As long as students in the University are required to purchase student books, why can they not receive the choice of seats in the stadium ? We have noticed that Purdue alumni have no trouble getting the seats they desire for the games. How can a student show any pep and enthusiasm toward a football game he cannot see ? Perhaps he should write to some old grad for tickets, or else stay at home and listen to an account of the game by radio. G. S. Swanson, Jr. ’41. J. E. Gaylord, ’39. Originality In Corsages Dear Editor: We have been taught, quote, “Originality and imagination are the essentials of success,” unquote. Let’s he specific; concrete illustration as it were—Corsages. If corsages are any criterion, Purdue is doomed to failure in its love-life. The average Purdue ed shows little or no originality in selecting a corsage. Gardenias stuffed
into the gal’s hair, gardenias pinned on her shoulder, gardenias in the boy-friend’s eye, but never any thing original or new. Sometimes, it is true, a radical breaks down and gets a few pink rosebuds. Why boys, what would Emily say? Fellows, be brave, be brilliant. Go to the Purdue Hort show this week-end and see the display of new and different corsages which the women will adore. Yours for originality, E. H. Applegate, Ag ’40. “Modern” Music Room? I walked into the Union music room the other day and saw a few music lovers enjoying recordings of the classics. It certainly is a great thing for these people to have a place li|i:e the music room. However, a great majority of us like music which is not predominated by the old masters, but made alive by the equally gfeat artists, of today. In my estimation, Gershwin, Carmichael and others give me more pleasure than DeBussy or Grieg. In a few words how about giving the great majority of us a break. How about giving a chance to lovers of modern music to hear their favorite renditions? A few hours on Saturday afternoons, perchance even a few live bands. It has been said campus bands would be only too glad to contribute their services. How about it, Mrs. Vallely ? S. S. Wolfe, EE’40.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PUKDUE EXPONENT TODAY
University Agronomists Will Attend Annual ASA Meeting In Washington Thirteen members of the University agronomy department will attend the annual meeting of the American Society of Agronomists to be held Monday at Washington, D. C., preceding the sessions of the agronomy society. R. R. Mulvey, University agronomy research specialist, will represent agricultural experiment stations in nine mid-western states in a report on proper placement of fertilizer. The following will attend the meeting from here: Prof. A. T. Wiancko, R .R. Mulvey, Tom Bushnell, Dr. Geoi’ge Scarseth, Dr. W. W. Worzella, Bert Krantz, P. T. Veal, H. P. Uurich, Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Gook, Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Alfred, Mack Drake, Ox’a Cudworth, and A. J. Ohlrogge. Dr. Knight To Speak Before Professors' Association Dr. Frederic B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology, will be the speaker at the meeting of the Purdue branch of the American Association of University Professors to be held at 6 p. m. Tuesday evening in the Home Economics cafeteria. His subject will be “Relationships with Secondary Schools.”
GRIN AhD bear IT
'Br Ekitiy^
IT’S ALL OVER . .. . . . now and we hope that everyone is happy. The eds got a chance to empty their pocket-books and the co-eds got a chance td help them— again. THE PAY OFF OF .. . . . . the semester was the instructor that couldn’t discover which way was East yesterday when our “soldiers” did their yearly good deed. WE WONDER WHY ... . . . the guns are always aimed toward the Home Economics Building. Are the boys gunning for somethin’ ? AT THE BALL ... With graceful feet a maiden sweet (import). Was tripping the light fantastic. When suddenly she tore For the dressing-room door— You never can trust elastic. PREVIEWS... ... The annual water carnival will be given next week-end, and they are going to have a queen. The feature attraction, however, is going to be the fact that all the lights are going OUT.
CO-EDS ARE NOT ONLY . . . invited, they are implored to come—the Purdue honor system is to be used. WHILE GLANCING THROUGH .. ... the new Student Directory we not only notice a couple of SAMPLES and SHADES, but one out of evei’y 79.3 persons you meet are named SMITH. Whatcha studyin’ ? History. Hard ? N’ very. How many cuts y’lowed ? Never takes the roll. Outside readin’ or writin’ ? Nope. Called on often? ’Bout once a week. Thought there was a catch in it.” Wanted: A room for two, quick. Apply George Reid 7026, or Helen Fleming 5067. Two nights ago GEORGE REID was moved, unknown to him, to the telephone room of the Chi O house by a group of his Triangle brothers who were “mildly irritated” at REID’S overuse of the house phone to call his gal friend. GEORGE moved back to the Triangle house temporarily, but if all other efforts to find a room fail, he intends to return to the Chi O’s. Personnel
‘We’re not at all satisfied with this new cookie—send in the art editor!”
Completion Of--(Continued from page 1)
Four hundred forty-six students will be housed ill the finished dormitory, increasing the number of residents in Cary Halls and annexes to 1,058. The postal sub-station now located in the Northwest Hall will be transferred to the Southeast, section of the new building, and according to present plans, a space is being provided for another grill somewhat larger than the one built this year. The hall will have four large downstairs lounges 'and three lounges upstairs, giving each section of the "Buirding ample lounge facilities. Four dining rooms ii) the basement will be served by two kitchens. On each side of the five story tower, archways will provide an entrance through Spitzer Place (the area in the center of the quadrangle, named after George Spitzer who donated the ground on which the Halls are built) to Ross-Ade Stadium. Even though this finished dormitory will greatly increase rooming facilities in West Lafayette, Controller R. B. Stewart stated that the building of accommodations is greatly lagging the increasing enrollment of the University. Similar effects may be noted at other Universities. Dormitory construction is underway, or will be underway in the immediate future at Indiana, Michigan, Ohio, Minnesota, Iowa, Butler and Wisconsin.
Activities Bureau Issues Final Call For Sophomores Opportunity is fast closing its doors to sophomores interested in the Activities Bureau who have not yet reported to the training school, according to G. W. Breuer, junior manager of he Bureau. Sophomores who can meet the required qualifications should report to the bureau before Wednesday. In a brief interview yesterday, Breuer said, “Reporting at this time will have its disadvantages inasmuch as the 80 sophomores who have already reported are well advanced in the training school. This handicap will be overcome by the end of the semester, however, and all sophomores will have equal opportunity in the second semester to qualify for junior positions.” At present, sophomores working in the Activities Bureau are engaged in completing a file of all campus activities. In addition to this they are interviewing freshmen for activity work. Four or five hours a' week is the usual time required for work in the Activities Bureau, although some additional time is necessary on special occasions.
Notes
Monday, November 14, is the last day that senior engineers can mail in applications for the United States Civil Service examination for the position of Junior Engineer. Seniors in all schools of engineering are eligible for this examination. The position carries a salary of $2,000 per year.
LUMA — LAST DAY~~ GENE AUTRY IN “BOOTS AND SADDLES^ —ALSO — CHARLES FARRELL IN "FLIGHT TO FAME" SUN.-MON. / MICKEY ROONEY FREDDIE BARTHOLOMEW IN "LORD JEFF"
LAST TIMES TODAY
Bllfi
COLD TEB80B STALKS The CAMPUS IN A THRILLING COLUMBIA PICTUBB
AND
GENE AUTRY "YODELIN’ KID FROM PINE RIDGE" —Also— “ZORRO RIDES AGAIN"
SUNDAY-MONDAY HER JUNGLE LOVE WIDE OPEN FACES MARCH OF TIME
MARS
At last on the screen ... the poiverful bestselling novel! This story of a young doctor's temptation .. .told by a doctor... is one of the great film, dramas of all time I
OUR GANG COMEDY "HIDE AND SHRIEK"
LAST DAY—
Starting Toniorrow
DumFiyNN BmiDM
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUETONITE 11:30 A BOY WITH PLUCK PITTED AGAINST A AT WITH A GUN!
MysleTy in a haunted house ... oi a thousand thiUlsI Laughs and hm lor everyhnel
—TODAY— ' Double Feature DEANNA DURBIN Herbert Marshall IN MAD ABOUT MUSIC — PLUS — CRIME RING WITH Allan Lane^ Saturday. November 12. 1939 Cross Country Runners Vie In State Meet Today Running over the gruelling Butler course at Indianapolis, Boilermaker cross country men will attempt to gain the title of Indiana Distance Champs today when they race the star distance men of eight Indiana colleges. The representatives from Indiana, Wabash, Butler, DePauw, Ball State, Indiana Central, Earlham, and Taylor will make up the Boilermaker’s opponents. Art Bodeau, Purdue star, -will ' have ,tough sledding against Mel ^ q ■■ Trutt, Indiana star, Who has prev- ^GOtQG uGlI I O wld^ iously beaten him in dual matches. Bill Southworth of Butler, will give rOOtbsll 111 FtSHCG both these runners a good battle for he has also beaten Bodeau while All C/siia// bettering Trutts record for the Pur- ' r I ill A\ll tJlar tJlfUoll due course by three seconds.
Hoosiers Favored
Indiana seems to have the team victory assured though, for they’ve beaten both Purdue and Butler impressively in the earlier dual meets. The Boilermaker runners have beaten both Butler and Wabash and stand a good chance of garnering
second place honors.
Coach Phillips will enter Bodeau, Knapp, Beeves, Marozick, Fatout, Gaulke, and White. The first five to finish will count in the scoring for the Purdue contingent. All other schools may enter seven men with the first five counting for each.
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
George Bell
Intramural Board Will Meet Monday To Pick All-Stars Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock the intramural all-star board will meet in the office of Chief Clevett for the purpose of choosing the all-star team in softball from the interfraternity and interward league games, recently completed. A fifteen man team will be chosen. Although a number of the recommendation slips sent to managers have been received by the intramural office, a few have not as yet been turned in. These must be in by Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock if those managers’ players are to be considered, if they were not noticed during the season’s play. The fifteen man team will be composed of five infielders, five outfielders, two catchers, and three pitchers. The chosen fifteen men will receive an honor certificate stating proficiency in softball.
George Bell, captain of the 1936 Boilermaker eleven, has been named as one of a group of former college stars who will travel to France next month to play a series of exhibi-
tion football games.
Jim Crowley, Fordham coach, will be in charge of the group. They will leave New York City December 2 on the liner Manhattan. Bell is now employed by a steel
company at Lowellville.
BIG TEN STANDING
Minnesota Wisconsin . Michigan PURDUE . . Ohio State Northwestern Illinois Iowa Indiana Chicago
0 31 12 0 64 39 0 65 14 1 25 14 1 48 19 1 32 23 0 12 29 1 40 59 0 2 24 0 28 114
Football pools net their promoters about $10,000,000 annually. They snare about 2,000,000 customers a week.
Average attendance at all college football games over a nineweek season is 16,000,000 people. And they pay about $20,000,000 for their tickets.
PROPER EQUIPMENT You can’t expect good results in anything without using the right tools. All our hardware hears the stamp of approval of satisfied users. SPERB’S HARDWARE
822 Main
f. I
Phone 2777
$4.00
EXCLUSIVE AGENTS Jarman's at $5.00 Bostonian at $7.50 You're up to the minute—in shoes that put "pep" in your step.
B & W SHOE CO 121 N. FOURTH STREET
New Squash Courts Open Next Week Purdue’s new squash courts recently constructed in the Fieldhouse gym floor will be ready for use Monday afternoon, when the varsity team will initiate the new squash racket grounds. The courts are equipped with a balcony for spectators who will watch the team’s matches (during the coming season. Squash is a game that has been on the University minor sports program for the past four years, but due to the fact that the team has used the courts in Lafayette, students interested in the fast racquet game have not been able to watch their favorite minor sport. A court reservation card will be placed at the intramural check out cage in the fieldhouse, and those wishing to use the courts may sign up for periods of one hour. All users of the courts are required to use white soled shoes. The first match on the new courts will be played on the morning of the Indiana football game beginning at 10:30 and lasting until noon. The contest will be between the varsity squash team and the Purdue alumni squash players, the alumni consisting of four former Purdue squash captains who will return for the game. Passing, Dummy ScrimmagG, End WGGk's Grid Drill A light session of dummy scrimmaging ended the Boilermaker practice for the week yesterday afternoon. A review of all the old and new plays to be used against Indiana accompanied by a drill in laterals was the main practice item. Under the impetus of Tony Ippolito’s fast driving, the team gave a good demonstration of lateralling and short passing. Mel Taube, coaching for the afternoon, ran the team through a series of recently unused plays in preparation for the Indiana game. There will be no practice today, because many of the coaches and players are going to Bloomington, Chicago and South Bend to see some of the major games of the mid-west. Bykowski Places Bid For Starting Post In Final Tilt Junior guard Frank Bykowski, star in Iowa and Ohio State games, placed his bid for a share of the left guard assignment with Whitey Johnson on the Boilermakers as the squad returned to scrimmage yesterday in preparation for the season’s finale with Indiana. Bykowski, who started against the Buckeyes, was one of the steadiest players in the game, and may draw the starting assignment against the Hoosiers.
' ....cholc*
By Bruce Witwer Now we come to the personage of “Bogey Joe Rackets” Mihal in. our panoramic parade o{ senior football greats . . co-captain and tackle of the famous Boilermaker forward wall. —^fc— We finally dug him up “studying history” in the library the other night . . . that was his ostensible purpose anyway ... so we hit him for a glimpse at his own past history. -^fc- ^ Joe started being versatile in Emerson High Schol in Gary . . . four years as football tackle, four years of basketball, three years of track, and one of baseball ... he weighed even more in high school than he does now . . . 236 then and 225 now . . . who says college isn’t a tough grind? —^fc— Carl Sandbach’s father . . . Carl was a Piurdue high hurdler of no mean fame . . . convinced Joe that Purdue was the place for him so he became a yearling Boilermaker and tried out for football, basketball and track that first year. —^fc— Now he has played three years of varsity football and also basketball and baseball . . , this year is the first time that he has ever been hurt playing the grid game and then he got a double dose . . . “Cec” Isbell’s last touchdown against lU last year is his vote for the standout play in his memory ... “A good morale” . . . “bettet cooperation than ever before” . . . and “good coaching” were his phrases for the 1938 football team. —^fc— “Bogey Joe” is supposed to be a woman hater but is still one of the most eligible he-men on the campus . . . note his stunning physique . . . then he’s a distinguished student. Gimlet, member of Sigma Chi, and the*“P” Club ... he doesn’t know just what he will do after graduation but he definitely is not going in for pro ball . . . “I’m hanging up my suit for good in two weeks,” he said. —^fc— When questioned on the problem of the hour, Joe said, “There’s a fine crop of co-eds this year” ... he addqd that he is a woman hater by circumstance, and that circumstance will be removed in two weeks . . . he’ll probably be home tonight . . . phone number 2352. Edith Gregory... . . . HE ’36, became the bride of Ralph 0. Baur, Ag ’37, at Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church, Lafayette, November 9, with the Rev. T. F. Williams, D. D., officiating. During her senior year, Mrs. Baur was chosen May Queen. She is a member of Kappa Alpha Theta sorority and a Purdue beauty winner of 1934. Mr. Baur is a member of Phi Kappa Psi social fraternity. He is now associated with the Baur-Stein-camp Company in Indianapolis.
Northwestern^ Iowa End Big Ten Schedules Today Battle lines at Ann Arbor, Mich., and at Bloomington will be the scenes of the last Big Ten stands of the Northwestern and Iowa 1938 football contingents. The Wildcats play Michigan in what should be the decisive tilt as far as the Purple title chances are concerned, while the Hawkeyes will bid the season farewell in an attempt to stifle the Hoosiers in the Crimson’s seventh attempt of the year to enter the victory column. Northwestern, which appeared
to have one of the most powerful defensive teams in the middle west until the Badgers cracked it to the tune of 20 points last week, will have plenty of trouble when it meets Fritz Crisler’s Wolverine eleven. Michigan, victim of only one defeat, and that by a margin of one point against Minnesota, is unquestionably one of the best teams in the conference. By winning from the Wildcats this afternoon, Michigan could move into a tie with Minnesota and Wisconsin, who now lead the conference, each with three victories and a single loss. Buckeyes At Illinois Ohio State, which still has a mathematical chance of winning the championship, despite its 12-0 loss to the Boilermakers last week, journeys to Champaign, 111.; there Ohio will try to score its fourth straight win of the Buckeye-Illini series. In the Hoosier-Hawkeye game, Indiana which has scored only eight points in its six games, will try to come through with its fiist conference victory. Iowa will try to score for the first time since its game at Chicago a month ago. Intersectional games Will furnish two Big Ten teams apposition this afternoon, with Amos Alonzo Stagg returning to the Chicago Midway with his College of the Pacific eleven to meet the Maroon at Dyche Stadium, and Wisconsin playing in Los Angeles, against Bill Spaulding’s UCLA Bruins. The Bruins have won five out of seven this year. Gophers At Notre Dame Of major importance in the midwest is thq game at South Bend, in which Notre Dame endangers its unmarred record in a battle with Minnesota. The Gophers returned after the Northwestern defeat to score four times against the Hawkeyes last week, while the Irish were trouncing the Navy, 15-0. Both are strong defensive teams, and they have each held their opponents to 20 points in six games, and while Notre Dame has scored more, it is conceded nothing in its scrap today. Practice In Timing ^ Attracts Ringmen With the boxing attendance increasing each week. Coach Punchy Maxwell is slowly rounding a well balanced team into shape, and according to the congenial little ring coach, the 1938-39 Boilermaker boxers will be plenty of discomfort to the Gold and Black opponents. The squad, headed by the calm, dependable Steve Bacharach and Red Hardesty, plucky little sportsman of the amateur ring, has a few newcomers who have surprised even
• £ • 99 IS for Zip Better Be Quick If you can't find a salesman come to the DEBRIS office, second floor of the Union Building. The time is growing shorter in which to save money on your copy of the DEBRIS. You will never forgive yourself if you fail to purchase a copy. ONLY 3 MORE DAYS DEBRIS
Coach Maxwell with their easy adaptations to the slugging art. According to Maxwell, a lad named Morrison in the 135 pound class is going to throw that weight into the toss-up circles.
By Georgann Schilling Gone are the pleated skirts and the saddle shoes, the vegetablebrush coiffures and the ankle socks. Hidden far back in crowded closets are the shapeless sweaters and the soiled senior cords. Instead of these familiar bits of clothing there appear gowns of velvet, satin, lace; a top hat, white tie and tails; a uniform covered with medals and merit awards. It is the season’s formal opening, and Bob Crosby with the Bobcats is presiding over our Military Ball! , —H-H— Gliding under crossed sabres, swinging to the tune of “Summertime,” waltzing with hoop-skirts swaying—^we find co-eds and eds in their best bib and tuckers, fashion and furbelows, imports and local talent all dance side by side. There’s Betty Wickard promenading vdth army man Gerhard Kellner. Betty wears a sleek formal with definite Egyptian influence, and her vsrrap of black tweed is newer than new. Virginia Royce with Union viceprexy Richardson dances by. Virginia is wearing a black velvet offthe ‘shoulder formal with a pink camelia in her hair. Peg Sharkey, one of the queens of the ball, appears in her regal white satin strapless gown. It is rumored that the flowers which decorate the bottom of her formal were painted by her mother who is an artist. -H-H— Joyce Johnson looks quite dashing in her black net over whidifi she wears a turquoise blue an^ra sweater. Ruth Zimmerman favors the strapless style also, and comes in a black chiffon creation. Seen with Theta Chi Turner is Bette Pullenwider looking very lovely in her unusual white taffeta dress. Eleanor Tm-ner and Martha Baker are both dressed in white crepe frocks, and Phyllis Shake is seen in blue net over satin. Black gowns are the choice of many—Roberta McEwen wears one of black slipper satin, Elaine Fleischer has on a black net with gardenias, and Mildred Owens also has gardenias with her black velvet. A few orchids are seen gracing la very few lucky girls. Parker Wynn with Dick O’Neil by her side strolls by with an orchid on her frock. Phi Mu Pauline Stone also wears an orchid,. —H-H— Blond Beverlie Rice is dressed in black taffeta with an off-the-should-er style, and her sorority sister Treva Berry looks quite demure in her green corded silk formal as she dances by with Hub Boyer. Blue again scores high. Ellen Kepner wears a frock of light blue velvet, and there’s Agnes Barton also dressed in blue as she dances with Phi Kappa Bart Loskot. Mary Jane Bird receive many admiring glances as she waltzes by clothed in blue velveteen with rhinstone straps. Georgia Carroll seems to please her escort Milt Reeves when she appears in her black quilted hoop-skirted gown. Chi O Joy Johnson looks very super-special in her red formal made of velvet, set off by the white gardenias in her hair. On and on goes the music, the dancers swing and sway, the lights grow brighter, then they fade and grow difii. The music fades, as does the whole sQene; and it is Saturday morning— the morning after the b^ll.T
- r . ' , ^. \' - ft -«-
|!j^» # i-v-H “j
H#"
3tocixL OJa,
THE PUBDTIE EXt>0NENT
yhoticsAu
Saturday, November 12, 1938
ClassiHed Ads
FOR SALE
TYPEWKITERS—All make*, tUndard and portable, aold, purchased, rented and repaired New PortiUile machines as low aa 129.75. Snpphes C F Ebeiahoff, 6M Main street.
$22 50 Topcoats, Overcoats, Tnxedos and Suits, tailored to your hkins Jordan-Brown and Sons mil be at the Fowler Hotel, November 9 and 10 to display woolen fabrics and tailored clothes
FOR SALE—One brand new demonstrator Corona-Zephyr portable typewriter Big discount. Phone Staley—7935
MISCELLANEOUS WANTED—xoung couple desire to rent space for modern house trailer. Must have electricity water, use of lavatory Prefer near campus S. Myers, 226 Pierce.
WANTED—Tutor for Math ask for Swanson or Morrow mendations and fee
! Call 6996, Give recom-
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—K E Duplex Name inside cover Sew aid Phone Prange 364S4
Notices
Catalyst Club: Initiation will be held at Delta Hau Delta fiaternity, Wednesday, November 16, at 6 30 Please be on time -CRAIG
Graduate Forum: Meet Sunday, November 13 at 6 30 in Wesley Foundation Prof Lee w ill speak on China ’ —FOOTE
Undergraduate Dames Club Club will have formal initiation Tuesday November 15, at 6 30 Phone Byrdina Wallace for reservations by November 13 —BEUOY
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, November 16, at 7 .30 p m in room F of the Union Building —McnjTOSH Purdue Engineer: The following men report to Hart in the Engineer office at 1 p m Saturday, November 12 Lawler, Stephens Winslow, McElroy, Layson, —CATTERALL
Cosmopolitan Club: Very important business meeting Wednesday, November 16, at 7 30 in room B of the Union Debris picture will be taken immediately after the meeting All members are asked to arrange to pay their dues with the tieasurer at or bcfoie the meeting —AYASUN
Freshman Engineers Students registered in Engineering Lectures report at 8 a m Saturday, November 12, by divisions as follows Division A— Civil Engineering Building ; Division B—^Michael Golden Shops Division C—Electrical Engineering Building Division D — Eliza Fowler Hall. —KNAPP
WSGA House piesident council meeting Tuesday, November 15 at 4 p m in room B of the Union ■—JAKES
Co-ed Swimmers: Of Ward 2 (north of State street and east of Noithwestern) who wish to enter aquacade lelays give name to Mona Balcom at 2430 by Wednesday, November 15 —BALCOM Rifle Shooters: All men interested in foiraing a Rifle Team meet in room 104 of the Fieldhouse at 7 30 p m, Tuesday, November 16 —FAIRBANKS
Motorcycle Riders: Road run to Portland Arch planned for Sunday, November 13 Meet at Budge’s Cycle Shop at 10 30 a m Bung lunch and dates —KEYS. PIA Members: All members planning to attend hay ride Saturday November 12, at 7 30, must sign up in the new PIA office (east end of mam corridor, second floor of the Union) by Saturday noon Both ed and coed stags are invited The cost is ten cents per person —FOWLER
University Directories: Undergraduate and special students may obtain directories by presenting their passports at the registrar’s office graduate students, by presenting their schedule cards Staff members, except those registered as graduate students. University offices, and student organizations may obtain their copies at the editor’s office. (11-12) —STONE
Freshman Editorial Workers: The following schedule is now iiTtoffect All freshmen not yet scheduled contacVme Monday Ehrhardt, Etter, Traugott, Riegle. Tuesday Ochiltree, Kuch, Parks, O’Connell Wednesday Kennedy, Fletcher, P. Miller, Skallerup Thursday Schlossberg, Ruffner, Sears, J Mueller Friday Payne, Daft, W Smith, Robertson Saturday D Clark Any worker desiring to change to Saturday may do so (11-11) —HARDIN
AIChE: 'There will be a business meeting at 7 16 Tuesday, November 15, in the faculty lounge of the Union —JACOBI
Library Lockfr Holders. Report to Librarian’s office, using card wired to your locker. Lockers not reported by December 1 will be considered as not in use, and the lock will be cut off —HEPBURN
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street PhMi« 7828 Alt kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
Women's Club To Sponsor Table Decoration Contest Purdue Women’s Club will sponsor a table decoration contest in the faculty lounge of the Union next Tuesday from 1 to 5 p. m. Prizes will be awarded for the exhibit which IS most popular with the public, and for those pronounced best by the judges, judging entries to be based on distinction, seasonal appropriateness, originality, and design. Those wishing to enter the contest, open to all members of the Women’s Club, should notify Roberta Connolley, 4035, by tomorrow.
WB AA Programs
2:153:00-
—^Today— -Just Kids. -Carolyn Wood, soprano. -High School Guest Program. -Tune Time, Charles Powell. -The Woman Shopper. -Luncheon Dance Time. -Market Reports. -Radio Stage. -Purdue University Orchestra. -Campus Caravan. -Campus Varieties.
Air Line Offers Four Student Scholarships United Air Lines Transport Corporation announces that it will give four scholarships to the Boeitlg School to candidates who submit the best treatises on technical or non-technical aeronautical subjects. Winners will enroll in the class beginning in September, 1939, and will have the choice of many courses, including* training for engineering, meteorology, mechanics, and piloting. Papers, not over 3,600 words in length, should be mailed to the Boeing School of Aeronautics, Oakland, Cahf., before March 13. All candi-
dates must be male undergraduate versity or junior college, and must students in some recognized uni- be free of all physical handicaps.
Co-ed Exponent Staff: Meeting of all sophomores and juniors Saturday, November 12, in room E of the Union Assignments for the co-ed edition All sophomores must be present —McKEE Independent Students: Anyone interested in working on Purdue Ward Association contact one of us eithei at 75742 oi PIA. office (11-13) —SHELLHAMER, SHERMAN
VOTED! The Students’ Choice At Purdue Crown Cleaning Service The popular choice because of the extra quality it gives. Moth proofing at the same operation by the Monite Process, but no extra charge.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTH "^ES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
the Purdue Exponent . Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
''DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
1 R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Florists
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
Corner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
• Locksmith
• Professional
"C" CARTER “ for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Mam, W L
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A RISK—DOS HAROLD i RISK—DOS LUTHER A RISK—DDS Schultz Building -Ith and Mam Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks Auto keys a specialty Bicycles, accessories and repairing MULHAUPrS 209-11 N 5th St Phone 2828
action shots of ^^Whizzer** White... famous All-American football star... show what it takes to be a triple threat man. O
•.. thafs the reason Chesterfield stands out from the others The reason Chesterfield is different is because it combines the smoking qualities of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos in one cigarette. It’s the right combination of these tobaccos. •. mild ripe home-grown and aromatic Turkish, rolled in pure cigarette paper...that makes Chesterfield a bqtter cigarette for you to smoke... niilder and better-tasting.
...the blend that canH be copied ...the RIGHT COMBSMATIOH of the world^s best cigarette tobaccos
Copyright 1938. Licchtt & MvEKi Tobacco Co.