WPS*
Duhh Will Play As Green Potters Pick Frosh Queen Dancers at Green Potters’ freshman informal frolic tonight in the Union ballroom will select a campus “Freshman Queen” from a field of ten contestants whose names have been turned in on petitions. Girls who have been named to hold the scepter of the frosh class are Valerie Armstrong, Rosemary Feil, Marjorie Emma Moore, Myra McKee, Victoria Milea, Virginia Royce, Lynn Goodwin, Mary Jane West, Manette Hollingsworth, and Janet — Pickering.
Senior Co-eds Hear Dr. A. Phillips At Marital Lectnre “Marriage as a Normal Relationship” will be discussed by Dr. Alice Phillips Monday, April 11, at 4:15 p. m. in the women’s lounge of the Union Building. The lecture is the first in a series of four sponsored by WSGA for senior women only. Dr. Phillips was recommended by Dr. Elizabeth Strauss, also of Chicago, who was originally announced as the speaker, but who is unable to come. Second Second in the series will be a talk by Dr. Lucia E. Tower, April 19. Dr. Mary Morgan Lee will speak on April 21; and Dr. Ralph Gerard will conclude the series with a lecture on April 28. All four speakers are practicing physicians who are especially interested in this side of education. Dorothy Martenet, vicepresident of WSGA, is in charge of the meetings.
'Ceiling Zero' Cast Opening Tuesday, April 19, and lunning through the week. Playshop’s next production. Ceiling Zero, is a melodramatic story of the airways. New and old personalities crowd the cast which includes Victor Somogyi and Robert Heine, who won acclaim in “Hell Bent for Heaven,” Benton Burns, of “Of Thee I Sing” fame, and Bob Hettema and Alice Martens, both newcomers, in the leading roles. Others in the cast of 22 are Bernard Everett, Douglas Harvey, Louis Juillard, James Moore, Joe Martin, Phillip Luginbill, Valerie Armstrong, Lois Randolph. Patricia Heine, Ronald Wilson, John Oswalt, Robert Schlendorf. Gar Johnson, C. J. Lupear, John Benjamin, Douglas Myers, and Frank Franz. Tickets for the play will go on sale in the Fowler Hall box office on Tuesday, April 12.
la, Baugh S| For Peoria Alumni
Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, and E. B. Baugh, general alumni secretai y, left for Peoria yesterday morning to attend a Rotary club luncheon, and in the evening to tell the newly organized Peoria Purdue club of recent events at the University and of the plans for Gala Week. Ray F. Palmblade, ’12, is president of the new Peoria club, and Mrs. G. W. Bussell, Sc. ’35, secretary.
SATURDAY
April 9, 1938
Lafayette, Lidiana
VOL. 49
No. 149
Indiana Weather
Present Queen At 10:30 The quhen will be presented at a special intermission at about 10:30, which will also include several singing and dancing acts. Following the intermission, the queen and her partner will lead the grand march. Deacon Dunn and his band of twelve musicians, featuring a “sophisticated style of Dixieland swing” will play for the affair. Deacon, recently heard on radio station WLW, and NBC, features himself on the clarinet in a Benny Goodman style, and will offer novelties and a well mixed program of both sweet and swing music. Tickets Priced At $1 The dance will last from 9 until midnight, and tickets selling for one dollar will be available at the door or may be obtained from any Green Potter committeeman. Plk To Begin Series Of Weekly Saturday Night Social Hours “A good time on Saturday evenings for those who don’t care to see a movie or go to the mixers may ma,y be had at the PIA social hour,” says PIA social chairman, N. M. Parkhurst. Beginning tonight and continuing to the end of the semester, a social hour for University students and faculty in the tower room of the Union will be planned for each Saturday evening. Bob Bowman is in charge of tonight’s hour beginning at 8 o'clock. Games Bingo, dominoes, checkers, card games, and other “couples” games will be played. Between games any individual will have an opportunity to “show his stuff” by telling a joke, leciting, or performing any other novelty number. During the evening apples and pop corn will be served. These progiams will be fiee to all couples, but stags ai’e discouraged. Any ideas will be appreciated by the PIA social committee: N. M. Parkhurst, chairman, Ruth Renfroe, Phyllis Dunn, Mary Glenn Yeager, Van Coddington, Mary Edith Monk, Karl Hilberg, Rosemary Vandiver, and Bob Bowman. Foundation Holds Dance Last night the Purdue Christian Foundation held its semi-formal dance in Allen’s ballroom from 9 to 12 o’clock. Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Kemmer. Prof, and Mrs. Frank Hall, Prof, and Mrs. Frank King, and Miss Una Dell Berry were the chaperones. Joe Clark served as social committee chairman and Harold Cripe as ticket chairman.
What! No Queens? secretary Are there no junior beauties on the Boilermaker campus???? Because no co-eds have filed petitions for the Prom Queen crown yet, the committee has extended the deadline to Monday at 4 p. m. Petitions should carry the name of the junior co-ed nominated and should, if possible, be accompanied by a photograph. A box at the main Union desk has been provided to collect the petitions.
Exponent Calls Frosh Co~eds For Work On Ad Staff What the art section of the business staff of the Exponent is and what those interested in it will do, will be explained today at 1 o’clock in the paper’s office on Fifth Street by Doris Jane Hennegar, ad-design-er of the paper. This new section to the Exponent staff will draw up and compose the daily advertisements of the paper. Wanted—Original Ideas “Any co-ed with original ideas of designing and an interest in advertising experience will enjoy the work. Miss Hennegar said. Freshman women who have taken design courses or who have a knowledge of lettering and artistic arrangements and are interested in the work will be put to woi’k on a schedule soon after this afternoon’s meeting. Bill Brewer, Elizabeth Pyke, co-ed editor, and Miss Hennegar will explain the new arrangement and try to answer any questions which the co-eds who attend may have.
In view of the general student interest in contract bridge, the Memorial Union is planning an allcampus tournament, beginning Thursday at 7:30 p. m. and continuing weekly at the same time through Apiil 28. Participants will enter as a team of four, and each team should be present on each night since an average score for the three evenings will determine the winners. In the event that all members of the team can not be present, substitutes will be allowed, but only two for any one night. Procedure will include duplicate play, thus eliminating card luck and making the contest a competition of skill in bidding and play. Entiies may be filed at the Union desk not later than noon Wednesday, and must include a complete four place team. Entry blanks are now available at the Union desk or in the game room.
Automotive experimental engineer, World War engineering officer in the Air Service, tester of structural materials at the U. S. Bureau of Standards, U. S. scientific representative to important European powers ... all of these positions have helped John A. C. Warner to successfully fulfill his duties as Secretary and General Manager of the Society of Automotive Engineers. His experience in these fields will provide the background for his speech Tuesday at ASME’s President’s Day Meeting.
Williams Issues Call For Toughs “I need a tough Boilermaker. I never realized they were so scarce,” lamented G. A. Williams, playshop director, as playshop’s new production, Ceiling Zero, nears its openingnight with the cast still minus a hardboiled federal airline inspectoi. A real tough he-man is needed, one who can romp out on the stage and make your skin crawl with his growling, stated Williarhs. The part is small but important and he issues a call for all brawny riveteis who are interested to report on the Fowler Hall stage today at 2:30 p. m.
Alpha Phi Omega Will Continue Housing Survey Alpha Phi Omega actives and pledges will continue their survey of men students’ rooming conditions today, Monday, and Tuesday, President Eric Wadleigh stated last night. Tuesday night the organization will meet to report progress of the three days’-work on Wood, Fowler, Stadium, Marstellar, and a few other streets.
ans For Gala Week
Class Reunions, Open House Are Included On Program Extensive Gala Week plans were announced yesterday by E. B. Baugh, executive secretary of the Purdue Alumni Association, who expects hundreds of alumni and former students to return to the campus for the occasion. Gala Week, April 29 to May 1, will be conducted according to the plan, started Tast year, of holding the annual “Open House” on Friday afternoon and evening of April 29. Alumni class reunions will hold sway Saturday and Sunday, and their big dinner Saturday evening will honor David E. Ross, President of the board of trustees. Baccalaureate services on Sunday afternoon, with President Harold W. Dodds of Princeton University as the speaker, will climax Gala Week. The annual blanket hop will hold the spotlight in the Union ballroom Saturday night, and athletes will be given blankets at this affair. 'The band for the dance has not yet been announced. “Open House” features will start Friday afternoon in the schools of agriculture, home economics, science, and physical education as Gala Week officials invite the public to look in on class work and research projects while activity is underway. The airport and hanger -will also be open to public scrutiny. Winners’ Club Dinner Friday evening the engineering and pharmacy schools will be in full swing, with special demonstrations by the military department and divisions of physical education for both men and women. The annual dinner for the international athletic winners’ club of Purdue will be held that evening. Saturday’s program includes an all-day demonstration by the speech defect clinic; an athletic carnival including swimming, boxing, fencing, and wrestling; Gala Week luncheon; special broadcasts from WBAA; class parades; the varsity-freshman football game; and open house in the men’s and women’s residence halls. President’s Open House Sunday’s program will include class breakfasts and reunions, open house by President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott as well as by various faculty and staff members, and golf tournaments. Gold certificates will be presented to members of the ’88 class and silver certificates to members of the ’13 class, back for their 26th anniversary gathering. Special loyalty certificates -will go to the members of the ’93, ’98, ’03, and ’08 classes. Following the baccalaureate sermon, Mike Murphy of Kokomo will giv« a special stunt flying demonstration at the airport, and a concert by the Military Band will close Gala Week festivities. Egg Show Special features which the visitors also may view will be the annual egg show staged by freshman ags, the annual spring exhibit by the Purdue camera club, and a special display by industrial vocational students of the state who will be here Friday for their annual round-up and display
SAE To 0
fe President's Day Tours, Banauet
President’s Day will be celebrated by the Indiana Section and the University Student Branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers Tuesday, April 12, with laboratory tours in the afternoon and a dinner meeting at the Union ballroom in the evening. SAE president C. W. Spicer, Toledo, Ohio, in whose honor the organization is meeting, will address the society at the dinner meeting on the subject, “New Firing Lines for Engineers.” Spicer, in the course of his talk, will cover the varied phases of transportation included in the organized activities of the Society and will indicate opportunities for expansion of these fields. He will vision the specific achievements he sees coming from further interchange of technical ideas between our two largest transportation industries—automotive and railroad. Testing Labs Second speaker of the evening will be John A. C. Warner, secretary and general manager of the SAE. He will discuss “Truth Thi-ough Tortm-e,” or what happens in the nation’s testing laboratories and proving grounds —^the industry’s torture chambers. Registration for the outing will be from 2 to 5 p. m. Tuesday in Prof. H. M. Jacklin’s office in the ME Building. Tours for visitors will cover the automotive laboratory, steam lab, EE labs, Golden Shops, CE testing lab, the Armory, and the Airport.
Wabash river waters overflowed their banks yesterday afternoon as the river hit a new high of 15.3 feet at 4:30 p. m. and continued to rise. The river was swollen by an additional precipitation of 1.05 inches yesterday plus water from slush melting up-state. At 7 a. m. yesterday the reading at the Brown street gauge was 13 feet, rising to 14 by noon. At 15 feet the river goes out of its banks above the Brown street bridge and floods the lowlands. At 18 feet the water goes over North River Road near the Wabash Valley sanitarium, and also over the North Ninth street road.
Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair. Colder in southeast portion. Sunday fair and warmer. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 35; low, 33; mean, 34,
anted To
“Ever since I was a kid I’ve wanted to teach,” he said ... so perhaps that is why Neil Little of the mathematics department is one of the very best math teachers here. Math sharks and poor math students alike will testify that Little is “tops.” He knows his students well —calls them by their first names— and then remembers them after they leave his classes. Posts Assignments This year" he’s trying a new trick in the teaching trade—new to himself at least. He has posted class assignments on his classroom bulletin board for several days in advance of the recitation. “It should help the student plan his work ahead of time,” says Little. “Yes, but not a particularly good index,” he answered our question, “Are grades an index to student ability?” “But I suspect in the long run for a large group of students
as A Kid/ Says
Teacher Littl<
and courses they’re perfectly fair,” he added. If a student dislikes math, Mr. Little can understand it, but he feels that the student can’t hurt himself by a small degree of personal discipline that will make him do a slightly disagreeable bit of labor. Grades Are Necessary Grades we must have, he is “afraid,” because our students are not selected. Personally, he “dislikes the waste of time necessary for making up and finding a standard for grades.” His dad sold Fords when buyers usually didn’t know how to drive, and son Neil was his father’s customers’ teacher. It was in high school that he chose math as his teaching job. To our comment about analytical geometry, he rather eagerly admitted this was his favorite of the mathematical sciences. DePauw and Michigan got him ready with bachelor’s and mas-
ter’s degrees, respectively, to teach math in high school for a while and then, to Mr. Little’s own surprise, in Purdue. He doesn’t have a doctorate . . . instead he’s spent such outside time as getting a degree would have consumed by taking courses here at the University which he had never met before. “Yes, it really does help iq teaching an engineer math to know what others are teaching him, too.” The courses he’s taken have been scattered over the engineering campus from mechanics to civil to chemistry. Speaking of an exemption course drew from Mr. Little the confession that he did believe in final examinations. “If it’s worth bothering about I think it’s probably worth remembering for at least one -semester,” he asserts. Leisure time? “I don’t have any,” but “I take time to read Time,” ... and he proudly claims to be a good nursemaid for his baby . . . Life he
sees only occasionally. Writing A Book Just now Mr. Little and Professor Robbins of the department are writing a book on calculus. In answer to his own question, “Is a good book more important that a good teacher”—he thinks it is. Even the best instructor will, put down “x” meaning “y,” by mistake, but a well-written book doesn’t do this. With a good book a student can prepare himself for a class in which he can clear up questions. A professor usually makes a statement once, but in a book one can read and re-read to be sure of the meaning. Mr. Little likes his students to get as much as possible from the text. An instructor should explain, add to, and go over what is assigned in the book. A good student—“Qne who every day has put forth his best effort to get the lesson. He doesn’t always bave a perfect assignment, but he
must at least have enough ability to do most of his work.” “Do you disapprove of so-called student activities?” we asked. Emphatically, “No, of coiu'se not, l^ut sometimes they’re over emphasized.” For the very good student who after preparing lessons still has time, activities are invaluable this math instructor thinks. Too, activities give students benefits that a classroom can’t provide—so he thinks. Hell-week he abominates, but is consoled by what he thinks is a real improvement in Hell-Week activities since his arrival in 1926. “Should a student change his professors each semester or stick to a favorite choice?” we asked. “It depends, and depends, and depends,” he replied, “on teachers, students and courses. For hJIsaself he should like the same students semester after semester. “I like to know my students, their abilities, and their weaknesses.”£dibfdeiL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
diwmifi.
Siaturday^ April 9, 1938
From The Columns . . .
... of the Edinburg (Ind.) Courier comes an item concerning a former Purdue student and the impressions he picked up about the University. Under the heading “The Observer,” one Lyman Lutes writes the following article
for his public:
COLLEGE BOYS; We are always interested in following the careers of the Edinburg boys who drop in on colleges, universities, and other institutions of higher learning. Some of the boys go in for one thing m college some another. Usually the boys don't change an awful lot. Any boy writes his own score. We know a fellow who went to Franklin College, starting in the fall of '32. He lived on one and two meals a day, quite a time, and got along on an athletic scholarship— when a college professor found out the athlete didn’t have enough to eat he saw that the boy ate. That boy—he’s coaching up at a town in central
north Indiana.
Due to the fact that —
— and we played some
chess and fenced together some, both in rather an amateur fashion, we were glad to hear that IS doing good in school. This is the way he says he was elected to the student senate of Purdue University. “I dabbled in campus politics a little the last election, and was elected to the senate.” — graduated from the high school here last
spring, carrying off all-time high honors. He says that he thinks he will give up an engineering career at Purdue and take liberal arts at Franklin college next year. He says the “assembly-line methods here (at Purdue) turn out a batch of automatoms each spring.” Preferring to be an individual, shows what we feel to be a damning bit of evidence against “modern” education. An “Old Grad” sends in the article with this note: “The enclosed clipping appeared in the Edinburg Courier, the home newspaper of the
the Purdue Exponent
MCMBSR
— ... ,
Entered ns second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, anthoriaed Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the rtegular academic year and weekly during the Sununer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail 28.60.
Editor-InrCUef
Bnoineas Manas«r
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
CO-ED STAFF Editor - .Elisabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. — J* E. Brock Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer Associate Mitors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. K. Vance Sophomore Assistants—^R. J. Deckard, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E5. Insley, R. L. Keck, W. A. Kroeplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A. Torrence, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P. Ginord National Advertising Manager. — —W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager H. R. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeves SPORTS STAFF Editor R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5937 Business Phone 6038 Night Editor—Standback Issue Editor—^Tafe! Saturday, April 9, 1938
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
boy mentioned in the column. “I do not feel, as a graduate of Purdue, this is the true status of Purdue engineering courses. “The fault must be elsewhere. “ ‘Rah! for Old Purdue’ in Engineering, Agriculture, Football, and Basketball.”
What, Where, When?
collegiate corner
The correct manners of smoking are one of the very most important points of modern behavior. For people who enjoy smoking there is no more enjoyable pleasure than to smoke and to smoke with friepds. But the nuisance of smoking may be a highly annoying fault and cause the housekeeper or your hostess a great deal of extra work. Work that could be avoided by a little care on the part of the smoker. Matches should be carefully disposed of in an ash tray and never shaken and tossed to the floor or scattered on the table. Ashes are probably the most annoying of the fuss of smoking; their light airyness leads to their being blo-wn around over the entire house. Be careful; deposit your ashes carefully in an ash tray provided for the purpose. If you can see no tray, ask your hostess for one. Cigarettes are another source of trouble . . . great trouble. There is the danger of the loose tobacco falling out. The ash is here again. And the remaining butt is a questionable thing to get rid of. Cigarettes should never be carelessly put around on furniture for there is always the dangei of marring the finish.
The activities workers of Noithwestern University have long realized that the nearby Chicago night clubs are stealing their social life. Last week the students decided to compete on an even basis and opened a night club of their own. They secured the main ballroom and the roof garden of a hotel within three blocks of the campus. The lighting came from the one hundred and fifty candles placed in old whiskey bottles on the tables, which were arranged for three hundred couples. A soft-drink bar did a 1 ushing business and ten waitresses dashed to and fro with heavily laden trays of pop bottles. There were two complete flooi shows using Northwestern talent, some of which has reached the piofessional stage. The BMOC’s (Big men on campus, as they are called up there) realizing that this was the place to be seen, and glad to find a night club atmosphere so near home, all had tables reserved three days in advance.
Theie’s no “eeny meeny mmy mo” about it. A Saturday night date versus watching the neighbor’s baby—a Hunter College (New York) girl will pass up the date for the chance to earn money. More than half of the students woi k and go to school, too.
German co-eds have bid farewell to days of ease and leisure, as last left-overs of the period of liberalism. Now their lives are vitally affected by their country’s insistence upon the heroic type of man and woman. Nazi co-eds must be all-round workers, mentally and physically; labor service is obligatory for these German girls before they can matriculate at a university. As a result of shoi'tage of labor in all fields the Nazis give up two of their once favored thiee K’s (kirche, kueche— church, kitchen) as the sole spheres, of feminine activities. The third K (kinder—children) remains as one of the main pillars of the regime. It is expected from eveiy co-ed that she offer her voluntaiy help to the farmers during the harvesting period and that she jump m as vacation relief for women factory workeis dm mg her school holidays.
IT’S GOING . . . ... to be interesting to watch general improvements in dress of Boilermaker eds and co-eds following last night’s style parade . . . and yesterday’s style edition of this rag. “NO CLASS TODAY” . . . . . . read a notice on Instructor Hull’s classroom blackboard yesterday , afternoon as his “Heat” students walked into the room. But the students made a mistake . . . they went to his office to question its validity, instead of going home. “You know I can’t write that well,” Hull complained.
Life of Sot, the Sophomore Saturday nite. Sot is gay— Tonight’s the nite to lay away That milky diet, and start right inOn beer and s’cotch and good ole gin. “Come on boys, we’ll make the rounds; Visit all the stamping grounds. We’ll slop it up from nine till one.” (Sot the Soph has lots of fun!) Blazer, Lambs and Gun Club, too, “Toss it down!” “One Tavern Brew.” Chesterfield—to sit there till Sot the Soph has had his fill. Poor ole Sot, full of gin; Feels his head—“Why must it spin?” “Never again!” Sot does vow. But we’ll just see, one week from now! —-K40.
WB A A Programs 11:00—Just Kids 11:15—“Don’t Listen” 11:30—High School Guest Program 12:00—Tune Time—Charles Powell 12:15—Footnotes on the Headlines 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 12:45—Market Reports 1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—Camera Club of the Air 1:45—Melody Review 2:00—College Caravan* 2:30—Stamp Club of the Air 2:45—Afternoon Musicals 3:00—Campus Varieties
‘He used to ivork on the border keeping out those Mexican fruit flies—noio he’s our best moth man!”
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqore Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
PURDUE STUDENTS ATTENTION! When looking for a place to enjoy Sunday Supper-
Try Our
Steaks
Sandwiches
Short Orders
GREEN GABLES Brown Street Levee
One Solid Hour of Dazzling EntertainmentRiotous Stage Revue
TODAY ONLYSaturday. April 9. 1938
THE PURDUE
SfiO^jtA,
EXPONENT
Purdue's Eleventh Annual Grid Clinic Purdue Riflemen Opens With Demonstrations, Banquet Meet Culver Today
By J. A. Hebbeler
Handshakes were the' order of the day as Purdue’s seventh annual football clinic opened yesterday. The greetings varied, but the sincere hearty handshake predominated. Of course, there were a number of the limp, how-do-you-do-I’m-glad-to-know-you, greetings, and a few of the well-known bone-crush-ing clasps.
coaches found plenty of time to see all they wanted at the drills held. Most of the coaches broke in with frequent questions about what to do under certain circumstances, and why this or that would not work.
Greetings
As the Boilermaker gridiron greats ran through some blocking at the Fieldhouse in the afternoon interruptions were frequent. The hard working linemen would often look up to see their old high school coach and break away from the wox-kout for a few words. A “Why aren’t you out there? You can play as good as those boys. What’s the matter, are you getting lazy?” was the greeting given to some of the ex-high school stars as they met the fellows from the home
town.
But, despite the enthusiasm for meeting old friends, the visiting
Banquet Frank Thomas, coach of Alabama’s Crimson Tide; Gus Dorais, University of Detroit coach, and Franklin M. Reck, six-man football exponent, were the main speakers at the banquet held last night. Sound motion pictures of outstanding games of last fall, as well as a special reel illustrating six man football plays and formations followed the banquet.
.^Announcement Mr. Long, beauty specialist from Indianapolis, will be in our studio on Tuesdays. He may be consulted for spring permanents at this time. Kieniy Beauty Studio 622 Main Phone 7727
men^s SUITS 19.75
They're smart as they ore new! Good looking, wearable fabrics! Pinch backs ccnd E-Z action styles.
Men's Ribbed I Shirts and Briefs 2Bl Snug, comf o r t a ble! Combed cott o n shirts. Briefs with all - around Lastex tops! Closed or fly front!
^2“
Your Style Is Here! FUE FEE.TS |.9S 2-^^ See the new Spring Marathons, easy • fitting, smart .looking! Popular shapes and colors!
fVetc—Smart Looking! MEWB TIES
Hand Made!
m
Lustrous, colorful fabrics! Resiliently c o n • structed to resist wrinkles and wear longer]
JL
Smartly Styled Dress SHIRTS Pre^hrunk Fabrics! Good looking Topflights in all white, popular solid shades and! tasteful new patterns! With trim| NuCraft non-wilt collars at-f tached. Fast colors — r o o m y| sizes. Choose yours now!
J.C. PENNEY GO.
DE PARTMENT
S T O R
Culver I Militai'y Academy will provide the competition for Purdue’s riflemen this afternoon as the two squads meet in a telegraphic
match.
This is the second and last meet of the season for the Boilermakers, who were nosed out of first place in their first meet with Wheaton College by one point. The team has been practicing constantly and is expected to turn in a good showing with the experience of one match already under its belt. Holmes, team coach and instructor, said he expected an improved team to show up in today’s match, although he was not so sure of victory as the Culver team is traditionally strong.
Womens Athletics
Phillips Prepares Frosh Trackmen For Coming Meets With a last call being issued by Coach Hermon Phillips for freshman track candidates, there are still plenty of chances for yeaxdings to win their numerals in the outdoor season. Any freshman who wishes to come out and who thinks he has any ability at all is urged by Phillips to try out. High school experience is unnecessary. In fact, there are some men on the varsity who didn’t even think of going out for the sport until they came to Purdue. The freshman indoor team turned in some good performances in some of the divisions of the sport during the season, but vacancies are still numerous and will be filled during the outdoor meets. The first meet is slated for the sixteenth so that it will be necessary to get into trim before that time.
Spring Sports Intramural tourneys in the WAA spring sports program will begin Monday. Spring sports include golf, baseball, archery, and tennis. Organized groups may still enter
'opperd \Joaue
Be sure to see the newest and smartest word in spring coats. Fascinating and harmonious colors blended together to give you a choice of wide selection.
$1095
Badminton Squad Competes Today In Open Championships At Ft. Wayne
teams in the round robin baseball tourney by notifying Elizabeth Maier, the baseball sports head, or by calling the women’s gym. Golf, archery, and tennis enthusiasts may sign up on the bulletin board in the gym until the end of this week. Individual tourneys will be held in these sports.
Trackmen Train For Tough Spring Schedule Ahead Back from a pre-convention conference in connection with the American Association for Health and Physical Education, Coach Hermon Phillips will again take charge of the track squad. He plans to hold a practice session this afternoon in place of yesterday’s practice which was postponed to accommodate members of the current football clinic who, on account of the wet weather, wei'e forced to hold their demonstration in the Fieldhouse. The past indoor season has put the men in better condition this year than in the past and most'of them will step out of the indoor season into much the same races outdoors. However, the field events will be increased by the javelin throw, discus throw, and broad jump. Veterans Back Murphy and Curran are veterans from last year who will again throw the javelin, with Wadleigh and DeLong the probable entries in the broad jump, but both Burmeister and Grant, last year’s discus men, are gone. Grant is playing professional basketball, while Burmeister has graduated. Bob Lemen will participate in a new event—the 440 yard dash. Bob took third place in the 400 yard low hurdles at the Drake Relays last year and is being built up in hopes of capturing that race. He will also run the low hurdles, but will give up the high hurdles to Steve Gutting, Jack Shideler, and Bob Deckard. First Meet Charlie Terhune, quarter miler. Art Bodeau, middle distance man, and Alden Knapp, distance star, are also expected to be outstanding for the Boilermaker team. The season will be launched in a meet at Michigan State April 16 with the Big Ten campaign getting under way a week later at Illinois on April 23.
Purdue’s badminton squad baa seven men entered in the Open Championship Tournament at Ft. Wayne which is being held today under the sponsorship of th« Turner’s Athletic Club of Ft. Wayne. Entries have been received from all over the state and also from Morthwestern, Illinois, and George Wil--liams College of Chicago. Purdue’s chances of victory have been greatly lessened since the squad will be without the services of Goldy Goldstein and Dick Romanowich, tw'o of the top notch players on the team. The former has a pulled tendon in his right shoulder. Despite the loss of these men the squad hopes to close the badminton season in impressive style. There are to be five events in the tournament; men’s singles and doubles, women’s singles and doubles, and mixed doubles. The winners and 7-unners-up will receive awards. The following will represent PurdUe in the toui-ney: Billings, Mann, Douglass, Johnson, Snyder, Williams, and Irmiston. Jeff High Student Killed In Auto Crash Lee Gillespie, Jr., 20, of 2201 North Twenty-fifth street, died of a punctured lung resulting from an automobile crash yesterday evening when the car in which he was riding crashed into a parked truck on Main street between Twenty-first and Twenty-second streets. Marie Maitlen and Aloha Kane were -both seriously injured and were taken to the Home hospital. Other occupants in the car who escaped with minor injuries were Harry Jackson, Marjorie Cheesman, Martha McCool, Alice Carr, and Robert Coffman. In order to miss two pedestrians Hai’ry Jackson, di-iver of the illfated auto, swerved the car, and in doing so caused the back end of the car to crash into the truck. The impact threw the Maitlen girl out of the car into the street.
Makes Your Radio [a Phonograp!9°J Radio!
Get $14»S5 Mat Price UGH Victor Hecord Flaifer WITHOUT COST!
Get full details of this unique offer now. Try the amazing Record Player yourself. No obligation ! Come in today I
McLean Music Co. Main Street
CO=o
Spring Style Leaders You’ll spend a lot of time in slaeks this summer if yon want to be in the fashion swim. Here and now is the plaee and time to stock up while these special pre-season bai^aius last. Your choice of a large variety of stripes, checks and other patterns. Also a large showing of lightweight flannels, plain or fancy designs featuring several shades of popular greys and tans. ^2-98 and
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
RELIABLE CLOTHING GO. 224 Main Street Phone 5730' 1%
(Ha,
THE PURDOE EXPONENT
TloticaA,
Saturday^ April 9, 1938
Notices Mo Notice* Aoceptod After t pj
PEW: Girls interested in a course for life-savmp examiners which will be conducted hv Rod Cross next week April 11 to 16 should sien on bulletin board in the Wonun-sGMnnasn.ni _ ^ugsELL WAA Boseball: Tryouts will be held on Thursday, April 7 at 4 p m in the Women's Gim The intramural tournament will dtart Monday. April 11 _mAIER. CE 62. An examination for the renioval of conditions will be friven Saturday, April 9 from 1 to 4 p m in room 206 of the CiMl EnpineennK Building _pETTY
Sophomore Exponent Co-eds: All sophomor.s are asked to please spend at least one night a week in the east side Exponent office between now and elections (.4-101 -PYKE Reamer Actives: AH unsold reflectors and monr\ for those sold must be turned in to m. bi next Monday night, April 11 —MATTHEWS
Purdue Riding Club: Meeting postpoiud umil Thursday. April 14 Exponent Sophomore Co-eds: Supper nutting Tuesday, April 12. at 7-30 at the home of Sally McKee, 229 Fowkr Axenuc nts for co-ed edition will ^ Green Potters Tickets for the Green Potters dance will be turned in Saturday, April 9 from 9 until 12 noon in room D of the Memorial Union Building URODD
Senxener: Meeting Sunday. April 10, ^t 7 o clock, at 204 S Ninth St. m Lafayette Bring manuscripts with \gricultnn8t: All students inteiested in a position on the Agriculturist staff for next year please obtain an application blank from some member of the editorial staff or al the office ,n the Un.o^BuHdmg Virginia C. Meredith Club Executive (>mmittee: Meeting in room 108 of Home Economics Building at 4 p m, Monday, April DE WITT Cast "Of Thee 1 Sing”: The cleaning biffs for all clothes bon owed for wear in the show will be paid by the production orjranization Anyone who borrowed clothes mu-t contact me by April 11 WOOD Camera Club: Committee chairmen meet with me in room F of the Union at 4 60 p m Monday April 11 WILLIAMSON Camera Club: Will mcmbeis please call for their membership cards which are at the west desk of the Union, befoie 7pm Tuesday, April 12 WILLI VMSON WSGA Office Committee: Report to the office Monday April 11, at 4 p m MASTERS Union Sophomores and Freshmen: Important meeting of all men workers in the Union workshop at 1 p m Saturday Apul 9 to work on Prom deeorations —UNION BOARD
PIA Advanced Dance Class: Sixth lesson will be given Monday, Apiil 11, at 7 30 p m in the Union ballroom CLYMER Purdue Badminton Club: Impoitant meeting for all members and enthusiasts Thuisday, April 14, at 8 p m Watch notice column for the place GOLDSTEIN WAA Council meeting Monday April 11 at 4 p m in the WAA office All new members must be piesent MERRITT Badminton Squad: All money past due must be paid by Thursday April 14 —BILLINGS
v>4ll the NBW
FLOWERS c\?auglian’s ^ SEEDSEverything for Flov^ers and Gardens 5PERB HARDWARE 822 Main St.
‘Yes, I Said Food’ “And when I say food I’m npt talking about ju8t ordinaryfood. I’m referring to the simply delicious inorBek that make eating at TOM’S RESTAURANT a treat to be long remembered.’’ Try our delicioua home-made ice cream. SPECIAL SUNDAY DINNER ARMORY RESTAURANT
Ouachita Choir Wiii Give Concert Monday Ouachita College’s symphonic choir, under the direction of George D. Crawford, of Hot Springs, will give an open concert for the public Monday evening at 7:30 in the First Baptist Church, Lafayette, corner of 7th and Noith Streets. The chon is touring educational centers of southein and north central states. They are scheduled to broadcast over WLS from 12:00 to 12:30 p. m. Wednesday. Stops on their toui will include Memphis, Louisville, Indianapolis, Lafayette, Chicago, and Springfield, 111.
Wanda Johnston, pictured above is organ soloist tor the Ouachita Baptist College symphonic choir which will sing here Monday evening. Miss Johnston has twice won first place in national organ contests sponsored by the National Federated Music Clubs of America.
Central Presbyterian 9:30—Discussion group led by Reverend J. W. Findley. 10:45—Reverend Findley will conduct morning worship on the subject “The Christ Triumphant.” 2:30—United student Communion service at West Lafayette Baptist church. 6:00—Sunday evening club meeting. Supper will be served, after which Prof. G. A. Young will talk on “Purdue Traditions.” Methodist Students 8:00—^Breakiast for the council and fi eshman commission. 9:30—^Sunday school; co-eds at the Wesley Foundation house. 10:45—Morning w'orship with Dr. Steele preaching on, “The Set Face.” 2:30—United student Communion service at the West Lafayette Baptist church. 5:00—Fellowship supper at the foundation house for 15 cents. 6:30—University Epworth league meeting. James Ludberg and William McEachron will talk on “The Meaning of Good F'riday.”
Wildhack. Star Diver .. . ... of Purdue’s swimming team, has entered the diving events of the National AAU swimming meet which is to be held in Columbus, Ohio, this week-end. Wildhack has accounted for many of his team’s points this season in Big Ten competition, and although this meet attracts some of the best divers in the country, he may go fai.
7:30—The Wesley Players will present “The Terrible Mask.” West Lafayette Baptist 9:30—Purdue Dean of Men M. L. Fisher will teach the Roger Williams class. 10:35—Reverend J. B. Gleason will deliver a sermon on “In the Shadow of the Cross.” 5:30—Roger Williams club meeting. 7:30—Choir will sing the “Crucifixion.” St. John’s Episcopal 8:00—-Blessing of the Palms and Holy Communion. 10:45—Processional of the Palms and Holy Communion. Reverend R. Thornton will preach on the theme “The Triumphal Entry.” 6:00—Young people’s fellowship group will meet at the Rectory, 636 Ferry Street.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
MODERN—Front double room, continuous hot water: overlooking campus. Reasonable. 401 State St.
FOR SALE—Complete volume of Tolstoi. Reasonable. Phone 46363.
FOR RENT—A new Royal Portable Typewriter by the week or monph. Call 6477—Decker’s, 518-20 Main. Dean Stratton Speaks On Etiquette Problems Problems of etiquette wei-e discussed by Dean Stratton Thursday afternoon at a meeting of women students sponsored by YWCA in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building. Most popular of the queries were those relating to table manners, although date etiquette and problems of dress were also repeatedly asked.
SPRING DANCING CLASSES OPEN Instruction will be completed before Purdue closes. Phone 2150 Beginners Open Wed., April 20, 7:30 p. m. Advanced Friday, April 22, 7:30 p. ni. Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6tfe & Ferry
The Judgment Day Is Close Up / EASTER the one day of the year when folks are most particular about their clothes. It’s an old saying '"You are Judged by the clothes you wear.” Send us your clothes NOW for Easter Cleaning.
AUNDSV
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. HEISNEll SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student • Professioffiai The Bisk Dental Clinic DS. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD 3. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LXJTHER A. RISK
4th 6t Mam
Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 • Sko© Repair BOSSDNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
• Florist
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
• Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HD W. 822 MAIN Lawn Seeds and Fertilizer Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. West Lafayette
• Auto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
• Loeksmitli
"C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph 2291 State-Main, W. L
Jewelry
R, J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R.C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This IS all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St Opposite Post Office
* Dancing
DANCING Round or Square BLACK FOREST Maple Point, 2 miles east of Lafayette on U S 52
• Printing
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
"^Office Stationery . Weddina Invitations
PHONE ' Sales Books, Etc., 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
INCHES TO DECIMALS OF A FOOT
0"
1"
2"
3"
4"
5"
D
6"
7"
8"
9"
10"
11"
0
0000
0833
1667
2500
.3333
4167
.5000
5833
6667
7500
8333
.9167
I'b
0052
0885
1719
.2552
.3385
.4219
E
.5052
.5885
.6719
.7552
8385
.9219
/h
0104
.0937
.1771
.2604
3437
.4271
5104
.5937
.6771
7604
.8437
.9271
tV
.0156
0990
.1823
.2656
.3490
.4323
c
5156
.5990
6823
.7656
.8490
.9323
/4
0208
1042
.1875
.2708
3542
.4375
.5208
.6042
.6875
7708
.8542
' .9375
1 (1
0260
1094
.1927
.2760
.3594
.4427
K
.5260
.6094
.6927
.7760
.8594
.9427
%
.0312
.1146
.1979
.2812
.3646
4479
.5312
.6146
6979
.7812
.8646
.9479
7 \ 0
.0365
.1198
.2031
.2865
3698
.4531
.5365
.6198
.7031
.7865
.8698
.9531
.0417
.1250
.2083
.2917
.3750
.4583
E
.5417
.6250
.7083
.7917
.8750
.9583
.0469
1302
.2135
^2969 ^
.3802
.4635
.5469
.6302
.7135
.7969
.8802
.9635
¥3
.0521
1354
.2188
.3021
.3854
.4688
R
.5521
.6354
.7188
.8021
.8854
.9688
.0573
.1406
.2240
.3073
.3906
.4740
.5573
.6406
.7240
.8073
.8906
.9740
.0625
.1458
.2292
.3125
.3958
.4792
.5625
.6458
.7292
.8125
.8958
.9792
U
.0677
.1510
.2344
.3177
4010
.4SA4
S
.5677
.6510
,7344
.8177
.9010
.9844
%
.0729
.1562
.2396
.3229
.4062
.4896
.5729
.6562
.7396
.8229
.9062
.9896
n
0781
.1615
2448
.3281
.4115
.4948
518-20 MAIN
.57.81
.6615
.7448
.8281
.9115
.9948
Books—Gifts—Stationery—Office Equipment—Athletic Outfitters Post on Wall For Your Convenience