This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Siudents oi Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY March 19,1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL 49 No. 139
Annual Open House
On April 29 To Begin
Gala Week Program
University Executive Committee members, at the request of the alumni affairs and Gala Week committees, approved and scheduled the annual University Open House for Friday afternoon and evening, April 29, as the opening feature of Gala Week, Assistant Dean of Engineering W. A. Knapp announced yesterday. One of the features of Open House will be the annual industrial Vocational and 'Arts Round-Up, sponsored by the department of education and applied psychology, the practical mechanics department and the engineering extension bureau. Exhibits of drawing, printing, cab- ^ inet making, and machine work made by high school students of Indiana will be judged at this time. Afternoon Sessions
In the afternoon the schools of agriculture and home economics will hold open house along with the biology department and military training department. The Purdue airport, Fieldhouse, and both the Men’s and Women’s Residence Halls will be open for inspection during the afternoon. The four engineering schools will hold their annual open house in the evening. Their exhibits will include *■1 demonstrations by the physics and chemistry departments along with special engineering displays. High schools throughout the state I are being invited by University officials to send delegates to attend this annual feature of Gala Week.
Prof. Ellis To Give
Lecture Series
At an invitation from the Portland Cement Association, Prof. C. A. Ellis, of the civil engineering school will deliver a series of lectures for engineers and builders in the Chicago area. Six lectures will be given, one each week, beginning Friday evening, March 25, at the Civil Engineers’ Club in Chicago. “Modern Theories on Statically Indeterminate Structures” will be the topic of Professor Ellis’ lectures. Last year, he gave a similar series of lectures at Indianapolis, and because of their popularity with engineers there, he was invited to repeat the series in Chicago.
Third Production
Triangle Has Highest Scholastic Index
Co-ed Groups Will Introduce Candidates At Mass Meeting
Twenty-five cent general admission tickets to “Of Thee I Sing” will be sold today at Playshop’s office in Eliza Fowler Hall for tonight’s performance. Those tickets may also be obtained at the box office this evening. Plans for a matinee showing were discussed by the board of production control, but none will be presented. Satire, comedy, the clever wit of Fred Ahrens, and Sal Palma’s musical wooing of Marge Starrett, were the highlights of last night’s performance of the All Campus show, “Of Thee I Sing,” as a capacity audience filled Fowler Hall to witness the lively musical comedy of George Kaufman. .^Gershwin Lyrics With lyrics by the late George Gershwin, John P. Wintergr'een, the nation’s lover, portrayed by capable Sal Palma, wooed Mary Turner, lovely Marge Starrett, in a musical campaign that swept the nation off its feet. Elected with Wintergreen, was that unimportant government official, “Alexander J. Bottlethrotten, I mean -er, Alexander J. Throttlebottom,” to the position of vicepresident. Wintergreen, through his marriage to Mary Turner, created an international scandal as he jilted the beauty contest winner, Diana Devereaux, in the person of Alberta Schmadel, When the supreme court, after much deliberation, announced the birth of twins, international relations were renewed, and posterity was seen from around the corner.
To provide an introduction to campus co-eds of candidates for WSGA, YWCA, and WAA offices the three organizations are sponsoring a joint mass meeting Monday at 4 p. m. in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Following the meeting Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, will hold a reception so that all co-eds attending may meet the candidates.
At the reception co-eds will find
Phi Gamma Delta Second; Phi Mu Tops Sororities, Followed By Pi Beta Phi
Relative scholastic standing of various University organiza^ tions for the first semester of 1937-38 were released yesterday by the Registrar’s office. Sorority women as a group obtained the highest index of 3.98, while the all-University index was
computed to be 3.72.
Among the social fraternities.
one WSGA presidential candidate familiar to any Purdue audience. Betty Jo Sexton’s dancing ability
Survey Of Student Rooming Conditions.
Triangle placed first with an index of 4.37. Phi Gamma Delta took sec-
ond with a 4.23 average.
has brought her campus renown. Between dancing performances she has worked for the Union, and has served this year as WSGA co-so-cial chairman. Alternate Candidate
The tall, blonde WSGA candidate is Mary Alice Learning. YWCA members know her for her work in that activity. A distinguished student, a member of Alpha Lambda Delta and Delta Rho Kappa, scholastic honoraries, she has been working with unorganized houses and freshmen women this year helping both to cope with their special problems. Speaking of the candidates for WAA president, Mary Ellen Delaplane, the present head of this sport group, said, “Both Janette Schaffer and Kathryn Merritt are capable, efficient, and co-operative.” WAA Job-Seekers • Janette is a junior home economics student and has already earned her “P” monogram in WAA sports. In her sophomore year she was in charge of basketball. During this past year she has been the organization’s vice-president. A small auburn-haired girl is Kathryn Merritt, Sc. ’39, the other WAA candidate, distinguished student, Alpha Lambda Delta and Delta Rho Kappa member. This year she has been secretary of WAA. Both girls have been active participants in sports during their three years. YWCA has announced as its presidential candidates, Helen Conver, junior home economics student, and Betty Klein, junior in the science school. YWCA Presidential Aspirants Betty is the girl who was in (Continued on page 2)
. . . was resumed yesterday afternoon as President Eric Wadleigh, of Alpha Phi Omega, and members of his scout honorary took over the job of contacting landladies and students at every West Side rooming house. Above President Wadleigh is questioning Miss Mary Latta, of 1016 First Street. Said Landlady Latta, “I think the survey is a fine thing, and I’m only too glad to do what I can toward helping the students complete it.” At 1 o’clock this afternoon pledges and members of Alpha Phi Omega will meet with Exponent Editor R. P. Manion and PSA Representative Robert Buckles for instructions before putting in an afternoon’s work on the survey.
The three actives of Phi Mu sorority > won top honors among the organized women with a rating of 4.29. Pi Beta Phi ranked second by obtaining a 4.29 index. For the first time in the ranking of groups on the campus, men’s house club averages were computed for scholarship records. Student cooperative Chauncey House led the group with a 4.19 followed by the Rochdale House, with 4.18. In the women’s house club division Thaeles, with 4.32, came close second to the White House, which had a 4.35 standing. For comparison^, the following average standings for certain groups are given: Fraternity men, 3.82; non-frater-nity men, 3.65; all men, 3.69; sorority women, 3.98; non-sorority women, 3.86; all women, 3.88; fraternity men and sorority women, 3.85; non fraternity men and nonsorority women, 3.68; all students, 3.72.
Penny Pinchers Spend $200
Leading Institutions Use French Grammar Book
Of Campus Musical Draws Full House
“A Practical Modern French Grammar,” a textbook written several years ago by Prof. J. L. Cattell and J. T. Fotos of the department of modern languages, is now being used by 176 universities and colleges in 39 states and the District of Columbia, according to a list recently received by the authors from the publishing firm. The book is being used at 10 institutions in Indiana, including Purdue, and has also been adojpted by such universities as Michigan, Illinois, Wisconsin, Harvard, Yale, and Cornell.
Showing a hilarious gambling spirit. Boilermakers and their gals spent almost $200 at the Sportswomen’s Penny Carnival last night in the Women’s Gym. Wild guesses as to the size of the crowd ranged from 500 to 800 people. Chi Omega with a living puppet show was awarded a box of candy for the most original booth. Effie Mae, a six months old lamb fed by a boftle, won the WAA “Tiny International” honorable mention. The penny pitchers for Orchesis and the ball pitchers for Thaeles’ Sock It in the Puss booth tied for the most popular booth taking in more than 600 pennies, to win a box of candy for each group. Thousands of fake $1 tickets passed from hand to hand in place of pennies. About nine o’clock the noise was split by the sudden booming of a tom-tom as Margaret Richey perched on top a chair called all to come dance to the music of the PIA orchestra.
Fraf-ernit-ies, Cary Halls, House Clubs Acacia, 4.18; Alpha Chi Rho, 3.95; Alpha Gamma Rho, 3.97; Alpha Kappa Lambda, 3.94; Alpha Tau Omega, 3.89; Beta Sigma Psi, 3.86; Beta Theta Pi, 3.74; Delta Chi, 3.87; Delta Tau Delta, 3.91; Delta Upsilon, 3.72; Kappa Delta Rho, 3.75; Kappa Sigma, 3.62; Lambda Chi Alpha, 3.75; Phi Delta Theta, 3.85; Phi Gamma Delta, 4.23; Phi Kappa, 3.68. Phi Kappa Psi, 3.72; Phi Kappa Sigma, 3.45; Phi Kappa Tau, 3.75; Phi Pi Phi, 4.03; Phi Sigma Kappa, 4.22; Pi Kappa Alpha, 3.71; Pi Kappa hi, 4;02; Sigma Alpha Epsilon, 3.81; Sigma Alpha Mu, 3.78; Sigma Chi, 3.78; Sigma Nu, 3.70; Sigma Phi Epsilon, 3.47; Sigma Pi, 3.31; Tau Epsilon Phi, 3.67; Tau Kappa Continued on page 4)
Informal Atmosphere, Lou Schilling's Music Mark Second Ag Dance
Penalty Dates
During the present semester there are four penalty dates. They are from noon March 25 to noon March 26, April 4, from noon May 27 to noon May 28 and May 31. These days represent the 24 hour periods before and after the Spring Recess and Memorial Day. Executive Memorandum: No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty dates.—Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file with the Dean of Men a certified, detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary payment.
A backdrop of a golden sheaf of wheat, embellished by the profile of a plow and a scythe, keynoted the informal atmosphere of the second All-Ag dance, sponsored by the agriculture organizations. Alpha Zeta, Ceres, and Xi Sigma Pi, last night in the Union ballroom. Approximately 175 couples attended the event. Music was furnished by Lou Schilling and his campus band.
Bill Miller Conducts Insulation Weathering Tests
By H. I. Stanback
“Let’s start with a house: everybody’s familiar with them,” began Professor W. T. “Bill” Miller, describing his newest research, an investigation into the weathering properties of insulating materials.
“We’ll take an ordinary house with insulated walls. Indoors it’s warm and the vapor pressure and humidity are high. Outside, though, it’s cold, and the vapor pressure is low. Vapor Flow “Conditions like these cause a vapor flow—something that is almost impossible to prevent. Vapor seeps right through the walls condensing when it reaches the place in the wall where the temperature corresponds to the dew point.
“Now the sun comes out, warming the walls and drying out the moisture that condensed in the insulation a little while a^o.
This alternate wetting and drying plus vibration affects the composition and the chemical and physical properties of insulators. Useful Life “We’re making a study now on the effect of weathering and vibration on the useful life of 19 different insulating materials,” continued Bill Miller as he described one of the four researches he is now carrying on in the Mechanical Engineering Building. Miller’s associates in this research include T. K, Sanders of the Engineering Experiment Station, G. H. Watkins of the Owens- Illinois Glass Company, and M. M. McClure of the Gustin-Bacon Company, Kansas City, Mo. On the thitd floor of the mechanical lab, they’ve built an insulated test-room, 10 feet square, inside which they’ll severely weather 38 samples, for about six months. Vibration Half the samples rest on station-
ary trays, while the other half are constantly subjected to half inch vibrations at the rate of 298 a minute. The test room goes through three progressive cycles of air conditioning every 24 hours. First, live steam is sprayed into the room heating it to 120 degrees Fahrenheit at full moisture satui’ation. Next, hot dry air is blown in, to dry the room and its contents, while maintaining the 120 degree temperature. Finally, during the third eigjit hour period, the room is chilled to 65 degrees. Automatic Switches At regular intervals samples of the insulating materials are chemically and physically analyzed to detect any change in insulating properties. Automatic switches keep this process going 24 hours a day, although many readings and analyses must be taken to keep the records up. For over two weeks these cyclic
State Officials Drop Plans For Shifting WBAA
Plans to move University radio station WBAA to Indianapolis and use its facilities for educational broadcasts have been shelved, it was announced yesterday by a spokesman from the state capital.
Originally, state officials had proposed to bring the station to Indianapolis and allow Indiana and Purdue Universities, Ball State and Indiana State Teachers Colleges, and the state department of public instruction to broadcast educational programs.
Petition At the present time, the University has a petition before the Federal Communications Commission asking for an increase to 5,000 watts in the station’s power, and permission to move it to the Hoosier capital. Hearing on the petition has been set for April 18. Even if the transfer to Indianapolis is not granted. University officials in charge of WBAA desire to increase the station’s power.
lodiina Highway Men Inspect Road Project
In a visit to the University Thursday, members and principal engi; neering officers of the Indiana State Highway Commission inspected the highway research work being done here and conferred with Dr. A. A. Potter, dean of engineering, and Dr. W. K. Hatt, director of the research project.
The visitors studied the results in the laboratory and also on the test grade constructed northwest of town, and at noon were entertained at lunch by University officials, including President E. C. Elliott and David E. Ross, president of the University Board of Trustees.
Annual Egg Exhibit
Will Start April 28
With the approach of the thirtieth annual Egg Show, to be held in the Poultry Building April 28, 29, and 30, Purdue will celebrate an idea which it originated in 1908 and which has since spread over this country and aroused interest in foreign countries. The whole idea started with a class exhibit of eight eggs in 1908. The next year, due to the interest which had been aroused, the first Purdue Egg Show was held. Dm'ing the 30 years since then, there have been 12,122 entries in the egg shows, with the largest show containing 826 entries.
Walters Stresses
Value Of Activities
Director of Engineering Personnel J. E. Walters addressed a Debris sales staff meeting yesterday on the subject, “The Valqe of an Activity to a College Man,” illustrating his talk with anecdote and diagrams.
air conditions have been attacking the test specimens, not without result, for some are beginning to show signs of deterioration already. The research will run till most of the samples break down, however. Bill Miller predicts at least a six month run for his equipment. Accelerated Tester Down on the second floor of the lab a greatly simplified and accelerated tester is in operation. Six samples of similar insulators are suspended on trays in a small compartment, which is alternately heated with steam and dried with hot air. As the specimens take on moisture from the steam the increase in weight operates a switch which shuts off' the steam and starts a hotair blower. Similaidy when the specimens lose their moisture the decrease in weight causes the steam to come back on. Five minute cycles are common for this device.
He cited a particular research into activity value made by the Bell Telephone Company, which showed that editorial work brought the best cash returns in salaries later in life. Walters mentioned the fact that all the records of college graduates’ activities were necessarily taken from yearbooks.
Jack Swimiey, sophomore Debris salesman, got credit for most s'ales last week, turning in 24 orders for Debris. <
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Showers Saturday. Cooler in extreme southeast portion. Sunday fair. Cooler in southeast portion and warm in west and north portion. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 65; low, 36; mean, 50.5. River: Stationary at 18.8 feet.
' 4£dihfuaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
diimufi.
Saturday, March 19, 1938
1 ast week end sonu 4 000 delegates of the \mencan ^outh tongiess—a federation of national gioiip''—nimiated to the nations Capitol on a rilgtiinaffe Kepiesentmg about 12,000,000 Minnsr Vmcncans these delegates came fiom '^'al^'- tiom ^^n^ economic stiatum and fiom ^^eI^ kind of social backgiound no race, no color 01 cieed nas lacking 1 ol]o\Mng In a store of the Pilgrimage, as told he John Ptrie press representatiee of the Youth C on cress \\ iNhincton last e\ eek eeas invaded by a lobby of 4 000 eoung people on “Youths Pilgiimage foi Jobs and Education” evho came to see then Senatois and Representatiees, uiging support for the Ameiican outh Act and other legislation. The A.ineiican \outh Act, introduced by Senator Lun deen eeould appropriate $500,000,000 to establish a per manent Rational Youth Service Administration to provide eocational guidance, vocational training, and employment opportunities for youths between the ages of 16 and 25, and cvould provide increased educational opportunities for high school college, and post giad uate students Public hearings are nothing new m the history of our democracy, although sometimes 30 years have passed CMth no opportunity for the American people to appear before Congiessional committees Even so, most public hearings of late years have been open mainly to expert itnesses Last week the Senate Committee on Education and Labor, chaired by Senator Josh Lee of Oklahoma, heard American youth talk about itself A \oung coal miner fiom West Viigmia, a Vassal gill an unemployed Ncgio fiom Alabama a tian sient unemployed steelworker and dozens of others took the witness chan to describe to the committee the plight of themselves and their friends There were experts too Dr Homer P Rainey of the American Youth Com mission. Dr Bruce Melvin, research supervisor of the WPA Aubrey Williams National Youth Admmistia tor, and others, such as Warden Lewis E Lawes, fam iliai with special phases of the youth problem They piesented the statistical backgiound, the youthful wit nesses tianslated the figures m terms of human beings The summaiy was simple and convincing, all agreed
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
^soctated ^otlegiate
Fntcicd as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette Indiana, under the act of Congiess of March 8 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Oct 3 1917 authorized Jan 20 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular aca domic year and weekly during the Summer Session Campus subsciiptions $3 per year by mail $3 BO
Editor In-Chief R P Mamon
Business Manager D C Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor J E Brock Editor s Secretary Margaret Sawyer Associate Editors D A Bailey L S Hardin, C D Schroeder H I Stanback D R Vance
Night Editor—Stanback Issue EditorSaturday March 19, 1938
■ lustin
on basic points One quaitei of Ameiican youth between the ages of 16 and 25 is both out of school and out of woik Since 1929 ten million Americans have come of woikmg age, and at least a third of these have nevei known what it is like to hold a steady job at any salaiy Millions of youth attend schools open foi only SIX months, oi less, each yeai. Theie is no woikmg system of vocational tiaining oi appienticeship Of employed youth, at least a thud aie unable to establish homes of then own, because they aie the chief supports of then families The conditions of the 5,000,000 Negio youth aie infinitely woise The testimony suggested both the immediate and futuie lesults of the problem Pei haps most f lighten mg was the testimony of seveial expeits that if left unsolved, the pioblem would multiply itself lapidly Di Melvin, foi example, showed that m 10 yeais the num hers of urban youth had decreased by 600,000, while luial youth inci eased 2,000,000, at the same time the woik opportunities on the faims weie steadily and inevitably decieasing, foicing young people away fiom the faims into cities alieady oveibuidened with unem ployed. Aftei a confeience with Piesident Roosevelt on Sat uiday, officers of the American Youth Congiess, whose headquarters aie at 55 West 42nd Stieet, New Yoik City, piedicted that a levised Youth Act would be passed by this session of Congiess “The need is too urgent to be ignoied by Congiess,” William Hinckley declaied
Grill Lounge Sets New Business Creed Deal Editoi In a ciMlization which lecog nize'i the business cieed that “The Customei Is Always Right,” it amused us to leai n that the Memoiial Union’s Gull lounge has alteied thu cieed to lead “The Customei Has No Rights ” We also undeistaud that Mr Valleh managei of the Union Build mg admiies the gull waiti esses foi then “neat appeal ance ” We would like to lemmd Mi Vallely that said waiti esses’ manneis aien’t so neat Repeatedly we have gone to the gull, \irtually watering at the mouth foi a taste of those delec table eatables which oui senses of smell told us must be m the grill But foi the life of us, we were unable to get prompt service We’ll Ha\e Our Say Being lathei bioad-minded, we blushed aside as unconsequential these slight affionts to oui dignity Howevei last Satin day we suffeied such maltieatment at the hands of a giggling unabashed gull waitress that we decided the time had come ioi u= to say something about it and that’s what wc le doing Aiming at the gull a few moments after the suppei houi was o\ci that evening, we sat down wearily at a table covered with ashes, ciumbs, and one oi two cigaiettc butts Five minutes elapsed ocfoic the gull sei vice foicc be came aw aie of oui piesence and dispatched a ti uculent waiticss in OUI diiection She baiged up to oui table, slapped down two glasses of watei which sloshed over, and then ]nanccd away Supper’s Oier Five minutes moie elapsed and still we had no menus Rising fiom our seat, we pioeuied one, letuined to the table to pei use it amid the refuse that still elutteied the table On our heels came the militant waitress “Suppei houi’s ovei,” she snapped We agreed that it was and decided to oidei sandwiches After taking our order she dillydallied about foi 10 minutes and then ictuincd to tell us that they weie “out” of what we had oidcied We then asked loi gulled harn, an Older of biead, a soft liied egg, and an order of whole wheat toast Twenty minutes later, oui hunger
pangs rapidly appicaching a maxi mum intensity, oui older came thiough It was—a boiled ham sandwich and two oideis of white hi ead toast and a poached egg. It was then too late to go elsewheie to eat w e had to make the best of it Double Trouble The stiaw that bioke the camel’s back, and ouis too, was the check which was double the amount it should have been Aftei collect ing this mistake, and walking disgustedly from the grill, we received final affiont to oui dignity as the guilty waitress in question emitted a loud guffaw Heck, Val, can’t you do something about it’ Oui suggestion is put the energetic and fiiendly sweet shop waitresses in the grill they could do the work in one tenth the time Hopeful.
Editor’s Always Wrong Deal Editor If youi “donkey” editorial on the Green Potters was intended as hu moi—it was an uttei failuie If said editoiial was meant in earnest (yet I can hardly believe that anyone, independent oi not, could be so stupid and unobseiving) then,
deal sii you are one man to be infoimcd of the affairs and activities on the Pill due campus Does an editoi evei lead ovei his papei thoioughlj ’ Seemingly not Eoi one solid week a notice was lun on page four of the Exponent asking all fieshmen intei ested to contact the officers foi the puipose of aiiangmg foi a Gieen Potteis dance Many responded to this notice and plans foi a Cieen Potteis dance aie now undei way Ha\e A Good Time’ Did you have a pleasant evening at youi Gieen Potteis dance, when you were a fieshman, deai editoi ’ I ventuie to state that you weie quite boied, sitting theie in an emp ty ballioom To choose a “select lew’ as you spoke of, IS quite a natiual thing to do BUT, the officeis of the Gieen Potteis asked foi men inter ested and whom they knew weie competent foi the positions to be filled The men who answeied aie going to town on biggei and bettei plans than any Gieen Potteis oi gamzation has done in the past As to the pot burning affaii, we can iightlully extend oui hand to the sophomoie class toi then gieat assistance lohii P Mheelei, Engr ’41
Tut it on your 'must see' list." —Jimmy Fidler His First Full Length Feature Production
111 in iha marvloam MULTIPLANE TECHNICOLOR LATE SHOW TONITE 10:45
CHUI
ARC
SUNDAY — MONDAY Bing Grosby Bob Burns Martha Rare
I he Screen's New Scream Team
BKO-RADIO MCTURg
— also — “MARCH OF TIME”
LAST TIMES TODAY “Bar of Bad Men”
“The 13th Chan”
“Painted Stallion’
“Krazy Kat” Cartoon
LUIOA —LAST DAY—
YOUR FAVORITE FAMILY'S BIGGEST BUDGET OF FUNI
i.
EDw.G. ROBINSON
STARTING TOMORROW —
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichiy
Heie’s two moie poems, both m the uppei quality biacket And we want to take this oppoi tunity to congratulate all the contiibutois who have demonstrated their enthusiasm this week by making Bold and Black poetiy week the best in its history It’s orchids to all of youse
Don’t stop now keep sending them m foi as long as you do we’ll keep on printing them as long as they are
Dear Bold and Black I’ll not suggest a tune to sing this little ditty to, but at might be a good idea Anyway heie’s my competitor for one of those Mais doubles —Emmett Hamei, ME '40 THE MODERN DANCE Blessing on thee, little dame. With baie neck and knees the same, With thy lolled down silken hose And thy tianspaient clothes. With thy led lips reddened moie By gaudy lipstick fiom the stoie Little maid I wish thee joy, BUT— Thank the Loid I was boin a boj
OWED TO SPRING' The quality of Bock is not stiamed, It dioppeth as the gentle lain m the face beneath, It is twice blessed, once as it goeth down, and again as it iiseth, ’Tis mightiest in the weakest, It becomes a thioned Boileimakei bettei than his slipstick; His siipstiek showeth the foiee ot mental powei, The atteibite of awe and majesty, Wheiein doth sit the diead and feai ot plots But Bock IS above this shpsticked sway, It IS an attiibute to spiing itself And Boileimakeis thoughts doth then show likesf spnng, When Bock seasons education —Shakesbeei
‘There wouldn’t be war scares if ALL the nations disarmed, Suh! The Confederacy has disarmed, Suh
Co-ed Group— (Continued fiom page 1)
ehaige of the membeiship diive this yeai It was pait of hei woik as secictaiy of the oi gamzation Last jeai the liteiatuie gioup was hei special job Hei opponent foi YW head, Hei en Convei, has been an active mem bei of the YW oi gamzation and council Hei council woik has been chielly with the seivice group that handles all sorts of campus lela tionships pioblems Outside this 01 gamzation she has actively participated in the Westminstei giils club and the Religious Council
ADVERTISERS PATRONIZE EXPONENT
MARS
One Solid Hour of Dazzling Entertainmenf Riofous Stage Revue
Syncopators Sweet Swing
Singers Dancers Glorious Girls'
TODAY ONLY GALA STAGE SHOW!Saturday. March 19, 1938
THE PURDUE
SpoiiA,
EXPONENT
Delta Chi's Win Interfraternity Volleyball Championship
Come From Betiind To Defeat Phi Pi Phi's Two Out Of Three Last Night Coming from behind, the Delta Chi’s captured the interfraternity volleyball championship last night by defeating the Phi Pi Phi team in a 2 out of 3 game series by the scores of 14-21, 21-16, and 21-15. The Delta Chi squad was behind most of the time in both the semi-final and final tilts but a combination of team work and stubbornness enabled them to finish on top.
Frand Smithson of the Phi Pi Phi team, displaying an excellent net game, was the outstanding player of the tournament. The champs will receive a trophy and gold medals foi the members of the team from the intiamural department. Sfemi-Finals In the semi-final rounds the Delta Chi’s put on a last minute rally to beat out the Phi Delta Theta’s 21-19. At one time the Phi Delta Theta’s were ahead due to the team work of Gene Andei’son and Cec Isbell. The Delta Chi’s, however, settled down to come out ahead. In the other semi-final battle, the Phi Pi Phi’s playing a steady brand of ball took the Delta Upsilon squad to town to the tune of 21-14. Pistol Spad Defeats Ufah Team 1383 To 1351 Comparing scoies via the telegiaph, Captain Kay’s pistol teams tui ned in a victory over Utah Monday The vaisity squad bettered then opponent’s score of 1350 by 33 points, making a total of 1383 points out of a possible 1500. The frosh also downed the Utah freshmen by the margin of 33 points, winning 1203 to 1170
Sigma Nu Captures IM Bowling Crown Sigma Nu captured the fraternity bowling crown in the tournament held by the intramural department during the last several weeks, when the team defeated the Sigma Phi Epsilon, Delta Upsilon, and the Beta Theta Pi teams in the final three games, last Saturday. The Sigma Nu team of Antibos, Munk, and Hulford toppled the pins for a total of 1602 to hold a 97 point advantage over the nearest rival, the DU trio, who had 1605 pins. Robert Hooker of the SPE team won the individual trophy offered for the man rolling the highest total for the nine game qualifying round. He put together scores of 560, 552, and 555 for each of the three game groups for a total of 1667. Each of the membeis of the winning team will receive gold medals, while their fraternity gets a trophy.
Mixer iuliefin
Orchestra: Bud Bryant Place: Union ballroom. Time: 9 to 12 p. m. Price: One dollar.
The Kitchen of JhjL. QhstAinuL Shone is furnished with Alleghany Metal equipment. This enables us to serve the most sanitary foods possible.
You are always assured of a delicious meal served in quiet, pleasant surroundings when you eat in the Chestnut Room.
Visit the Chestnut Room —now located on the second floor.
JhSL fiWvdWL Wmua^mL lAniDfL
Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Campus Activities
High School Teams To Play Semi-finals In Jeff Gym Today Four representatives of the Indiana high schools’ “sweet sixteen” will battle it out in Jeff gym today for the local semi-final championship in the IHSAA basketball tourney. Delphi’s Oracles will attempt to upset the Frankfort Hot Dog’s m this afternoon’s opening game. Then Rochester’s Zebra’s will play the highly touted Hammond squad for the right to compete in tonight’s deciding game. Radio broadcasts of these semifinal tilts will be aired by stations WIND and WBAA. Rochester, local defending champion and Frankfort, a traditionally strong team, are expected to put up good fights for their reputations. A highly publicized squad from Hammond may be due to show these teams how to play basketball, or the surprise team from Delphi may upset the favorites to go to the finals for the fifth time. Sokolowski To Captain Next Year's Spash Team A. W. Sokolowski, ME ’39, will captain the University squash team for the 1938-39 season, according to an announcement made yesterday by the athletic department.
Cancellations Students who wish tc cancel assignments without grade should do so before today noon, March 19. Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s Office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after today if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men. Your hometown is no longer “podunk” but more probably a “crack in the track.” A teacher in the University of Nebraska English department has made a study of the synonyms for “Podunk.” They include Toonerville, Picolo Town, Flag Station, Spunkyville, Pruneville, Alfalfa Center, Sagebrush Center, Pumpkin Center, and Skunk Center.
MILITARY BASKETBALL —^Today— Court 1—Mangas. 1:00—H-2 vs. A-4. 1:16—H-3 vs. E-3. Coui t 2-—-Aion&on 1:00—E-1 vs. S-4.
Tomorrow in the Churches
Central Presbyterian 9:30—Discussion group, led by Reverend Findley. 10:45—Morning worship on the sermon theme, “Jesus, Saviour of Men.” Dr. W. R. Graham, pastor. 6'00—Sunday evening supper club. Pi of. Aitkenhead will show pictures on “What White Men Have Done to Indiana.” Methodist Students 9-30—Mrs. B. R McFadden will teach the co-ed class on “Mary, the Mother of Jesus,” at the Wesley Foundation house, 435 State street. 9:30—Rev. B. R. McFadden will teach the mens class at the church corner of Main and South streets West Lafayette. 10:30^—-Dr. 0. S. Steele will preach on, “The World’s Hope.” 5:00—Fellowship hour and 15-cent supper at the foundation. 6:30—Di. C. 0. Lee of the pharmacy school will speak on “The Threat of Marihuana.” 7:30—The Wesley Players will present a three-act Bible play, “The
Rock” at the Trinity Methodist Church, Lafayette. St. John’s Episcopal 10:45—The St. John’s Choir, directed by Harry Irwin Metzger, will sing Stainer’s “The Crucifixion.” No sermon tomorrow morning. 6:00—Young peoples fellowship. Supper, followed by special program. West Side Baptist Church 9:30—C. E. Dammon will teach the Sunday school class. 10:35—Rev. J. B. Gleason will preach on “Getting Help From Our Church.” There will be special music by the choir. 5:30—Jeanne Campbell will have charge of the social hour. 6:00—Ten-cent lunch. ,, 6:30—Dr. Frank Hall, of the University history and economics department, will speak before the discussion group on “The Present World Situation.” 7:30—Evening service with Reverend Gleason preaching on **Does the Religion of Jesus Christ Pay?”
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
We offer you 10 percent discount on all Laundry brought in and called for at our West Lafayette office. Whether Personal or Family Service it will receive the same efficient laundering and we know you will be pleased with our work. A trial will convince you. Phone 3085 AMERICAN LAUNDRY
Trackmen To Compete At Butler Today; Two Mile Relay, Hurdles Are Chief Hopes Midwestern track teams will trek to Indianapolis today for the sixth annual Butler Relays. Michigan, recent victor in the Western Conference indoor meet, and Notre Dame, top-heavy winner of the Central Collegiate conference meet, are the favorites to battle for top honors. Twenty other midwestem schools will also be represented.^
College Billiard Players Vie For Gar Wood Trophy Billiard rooms in Union Buildings over the country were active Thursday when the eighth annual three cushion contest for the Gar Wood Cup was held. Competing in this tournament, along with Purdue men, were a majority of the collegiate billiard players m the United States. Results have not been received, but favorites in the contest are Florida and Iowa. Florida won the tourney last year and came through again March 10 to win the Intercollegiate cup for 14.1 pocket billiards by a startling score of 566 points out of a possible 750. Iowa has a very good reputation, being defeated last season only by Floiida for the Gar Wood Cup. Rifle Squad Fires First Meet Today This afternoon at 1:30, the subbasement of the new Men’s Gymnasium will reverberate for the first time with the din made by a Purdue ii^le team firing in intercollegiate competition. Wheaton College will provide the opposition in a postal meet. In Coach Holmes’ opinion, Purdue has a chance to emerge victoiious from today’s match al-^ though Wheaton holds the edge. The team has been improving rapidly lately and this afternoon’s score may spring a sui’prise on all concerned.
Michigan track squads have had a monopoly on midwestem indoor track titles for the past five years Last Saturday the Wolverines took the Big Ten indoor championship for the fifth straight year They have held the Butler team title for the past four years. Hurdle Hopes Rest In Lemen Coach Hermon Phillips, originator of this famous track carnival has entered Boilermakers in several events, but Purdue’s hopes will rise or fall with Lemen’s success in the low hurdles and the results of the two-mile relay. Coach Phillips will probably use Lemen, Gutting, Shideler, and Deckard in the hurdle events Bodeau, Gaulke, Knapp, and Marozick in the two-mile relay; and Terhune, Gaulke, Knapp, and Bodeau in the medley relay. Several hot rivalries will be featured in the competition. Indiana’s medley relay team will seek to repeat its victory over Michigan, which it achieved at the Illinois Relays in world record time In the high hurdles Woodstra of Michigan State and Gedeon of Michigan will probably provide one of the fastest races of the day. The low hurdles wull find Lemen, Boilei maker ace, and Shurrila of Marquette in a hot duel. Lash Runs_ Don Lash, former Indiana distance star, will run in a feature race against Lickner of Oklahoma and several AAU entiies Record or near record times are expected in seveial events, especially the medley relay and the hurdle events.
No Faculty Meeting To Members of the Faculty: On account of spring vacation, the regular meeting of the Faculty will not be held this month. Edward C. Elliott, President.
Old -tc
G.eyt'O'”’*
“Greyhound” is always the right answer to any travel question—a ride in the new Super-Coach proves it. Drop in or phone for free tutoriag on the economic problem of traveling at 1/3 the cost of driving. ROUND TRIP FARES
NEW YORK
$13.50
PITTSBURGH
$12.95
CHICAGO
3.55
COLUMBUS, OHIO
7.55
BLOOMINGTON, IND.
4.50
CINCINNATI
5.40
CLEVELAND
10.45
ST. LOUIS
. 9.00
WASHINGTON, D. C. ..
. 20.70
LOUISVILLE
5.20
301 N. 5th
GREYHOUND TERMINAL
Phone 2105
m ° - -.W -: - GREY/HOUNDipip
3[aaxL CMl.
THE POBDUE EXPONENT
TIdHoul
Saturday. March 19, 1938
Triangle Highest--(Continued from page 1) Epsilon, 3.60; Theta Chi, 3.72; Theta Tau, 4.05; Theta Xi. 3.98; Triangle, 4.37 Union Club, 3 96; Caiy Hall Annex, 3 71; Caiy Hall East, 3 82; Cary Hall Noith, 4 08 Bivouac, 3.28; Chauncey House, SCA., 4.19; C. 0 E. House, 3.71; Luma House. SCA, 4.02; Marwood House, SCA, 3 55; Rochdale House, SCA, 4 18; Salisbuiy House, SCA, 3 91; Stellai Hall, 3.73, Wesley Boys House, SCA, 3 60. Sororities, Hails, House Clubs Alpha Chi Omega, 3.69; Alpha Xi Delta, 3 87, Chi Omega, 4 12; Kappa Alpha Theta, 3 91; Kappa Kappa Gamma. 4.00; Phi Mu (3 actne membeis), 4.29; Pi Beta Phi 4 17 Women’s Residence Hall North, 4 04, Women’s Residence Hall South 3 83. Ann Tweedale Co-op House, 4.23 Entre Nous, 3 67; Thaeles, 4.32 The Bionx. 4.27; The Gables, 3 22 The Lighthouse, 3 46; Theophilus, 3 90, The White House, 4 35; Pedalion, 3 92, Wesley Gii Is’ House, 3 99 Honoraries Alpha Lambda Delta, 4 98; Alpha Phi Omega, 4 33; Alpha Zeta, 4.90; Catalyst, 4 19; Ceies, 4.72; Chi Epsilon. 4 58, Delta Rho Kappa, 5 12; Dolphin. 4 24; Eta Kappa Nu, 4.76; lion Key, 4.32; Kappa Delta Pi, 4 63; Kappa Psi, 4.28. Moitai Boaid, 4 56; Omicron Nu, 4 46; Phi Lambda Upsilon, 5.21; Pi Tau Sigma, 4 95; Scabbaid and Blade, 4 56; Signia Delta Chi, 3:35; Sigma Delta Psi, 3.93; Sigma Pi Sigma, 4.34; Skull and Crescent, 4.06; Tau Beta Pi, 5.24; Tau Kappa Alpha, 4.60; Theta Alpha Phi, 4 31; Xi Sigma Pi, 4.69.
W. C. Fields and Shirley Ross, two of the dozens of radio and screen stars in “The Big Broadcast of 1938,” which opens Sunday at the Mars Theatre.
ROLLER SKATING EVERY NIGHT MAPLE POINT ROLLER RINK 4 Miles Road 52 Lcdcryetie, Ind.
Personnel Notes
Notices Mo Noticca Ac(...pted After 1 VJMI.
History, Govemment Makeups: Conditional and incomplete removal exams in history, economics and government will be given Saturday, March 19, at 1 p. m. in room SIS of the Recitation Building. Make application in history office. Recitation Building, before March 10. —ESTEY.
Company: United States Gypsum Company, 1263 Diversey Parkway, Chicago. Products: Building insulation and materials. Representative: T. P. Camp, supervisor of research laboratories. Visiting: Monday afternoon, March 21. Interviewing: ME seniors interested in reseai’ch: “It is desirable that the men employed have an aleit mind, and be interested in working with their hands.” Machine shop experience advantageous. Those interested sign up in Pmft Young’s office.
6 Conditions: Examination for removal of conditions in CE 6 will be held in room 201 of the CE Building Saturday, March 19. Permits may be obtained in room 102 of the CE Building. —LOMMEL.
Varsity Debate Squad: Meet Saturday, March 19, at 2 p. m. in room 301 of University Hall —WINCH.
Gold Peppers: Meeting Monday, March 21 at 8 p. m. in WSGA office. —SLOCUM.
Distinguished Students: Distingiuished student refunds are now available dt the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. Passports must be shown. (3-19) —HOLLENSBE.
Purdue Glider Club: Work session in the Mechanical Engineering Building at 8 a. m. and 1 p. m. Saturday, March 19. —BUELL.
CE 21 Condition Examinations: An examination will be given in room 301, Civil Engineering Building on Saturday, March 19 from 1 to 4 p. m. Please consult me at once. —SONESON.
Rifle Team: Following men report to the range Saturday, March 19 at 1:30 p. m. for matches : Elton, Thiry, Pansier, Knapp, Amt, Schneblin, Fairbanks, Smith, Crump, and Powell. Alternates also report. Dupps, Long and Debell. —HOLMES.
Scriveners: There will be a meeting at 7 :30 p. m., Sunday, March 20, at 326 Chauncey. Bring manuscripts. -FELDMAN.
Alpha Phi Omega; Please meet in room 2 of the Union at 1 p. m. Saturday. March 19, to receive instructions and questionnaires for the housing survey. —MANION.
PIA Orchestra: Practice will be held Saturday, March 19, at 7 p. m., in the tower room of the Union. —SHINN.
Pi Tau Sigma; Actives will play faculty in handball in faculty gym at 1 p. m on Saturday, Maich 19 Call McCauley at 2004 foi details —McCAULEY.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
GLEASON’S PIES Received Daily. Many kinds. DAD’S PLACE— So Handy
HELP WANTED—College men spend this summer in South America. Salaried positions. No special experience necessary. Send dime (handling charge) todav for astonishing infoimation. South American Association, 827 St. Charles Ave., New Orleans, Louisiana.
OPEN—Round trip to Pittsburgh leaving at 5 a. in., March 26. Call Consoli, 4096.
LOST—Gold crested ring in the Mechanical Engineering Building. Finder please notify Reinhardt at 4726.
FOR RENT^—Large double-room adjoining bath. Also one vacancy m front double loom overlooking campus. Reasonable. 401 State St.
WANTED—^Two students, nice, large room, double beds. Nine dollars each. 350 Chauncey.
11:00—Just Kids. 11:15—Don’t Listen! 11:30—4-H Club Program. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Tune Time — Charles Powell. 12:15—Footnotes on the Headlines Prof. Frank Hall. 12:30—Luncheoij Dance Time. 12:45—Market Reports. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—Sub-State High School Basketball Tournament. 5:00—Sign Off.
Big Broadcasters
WANTED—Roommate, separate beds, $10. 350 Chauncey.
FLY Learn to fly in a new Cub while in school, at lower rates, and by a competent instructor. ONLY $3.00 per lessonl Purdue University Airport Capt. L. I. Aretz, Lessee, Phone 41641
Today • • • in every classroom at Purdue, Crown Cleaning is still the, choice, of particular dressers. Crown Cleaned clothes are protected against moth damage by the MONITE moth proof process.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
MEN! For the First Time in Months We Present a Great SALE of Our Super-Service Irregulars of REAL SILK Plain Colored Socks
Men! Just ask the women folks what they think about Real Silk Stockings for wearing quality. Every last one of them will tell you they're the best to be had at the price they buy them for. So-o-o today you can buy yourself a season's supply oi Men's Real Silk Socks, the kind that wear and wear and wear, at a price you con afford. The colors are Black, Navy, Grey and Gunmetal. Sizes range from 10 to 12.
35
3 pairs 5j.00
LOEB & HENE COMPANY MEN'S FURNISHING SHOP
Reamer Club: Meeting Monday, Maich 21 at 8 p. m. in room A of the Union. All members and pledges be present. —ROSS.
Eta Kappa Nu: Due to a conflict, pledging will be held on Thursday, March 24. ' —WELLS.
Pi Tau Sigma: Meeting changed to Tuesday, March 22, at 7 p. m. in room D of the Memorial Union Building —COX.
Reserve Officers and Senior ROTC Students: All interested in taking a year of active duty under the Thomason Act see me before 4 p. m. Friday, March 26. —HAYFORD.
Purdue Lutheran Students’ Club: Surprise entertainment in rooms 1 and 2 Of the Union Sunday, March 20 at 7 :30 p m. —BRANDT.
Chemical Engineering: All students in the school of chemical engineering holding sophomore and junior cards are required to attend a meeting at 4 p. m. Wednesday, March 23, in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. —BRAY.
Gold Peppers uance: Tickets are on sale at Women’s Residence Hails, sorority houses and the Union desk (3-23) —MASTERS. ME 31: Condition exams will be held in loom 301 of the ME Building Saturday, April 16 from 1-4 p. m. All those wishing to avail themselves of this opportunity must make arrangements with the undersigned before noon Saturday, March 26. No other opportunity will be given this semester —MESSERSMITH.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPAlinrEast Side oi Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
LOWEST PRICES IN TOWN
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
• Professional it^The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Mam
Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST II9V2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C.EISENBACH leweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street LYLE E. nSHER WATCHMAKER This IS all we do, but we do It well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St Opposite Post Office
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
• Ayto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE __
“’Office SUtlonery , Wedding Invitation!
PHONE - Salt. Book!, Elc. , 2 62 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
• Florist
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
Locksmith
"C'^ CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph 2291 State-Mam, W L
it
i
m