XT’
'< '
' < H
HELLO
t 't .t,/). “1: •
GRADS
Established 1889
Volume 55, No. 32
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiiana
Saturday, October 24, 1942
Alumni Return For Homecoming Celebration
Met Singers Tg Appear In la Bohenie Tonight
Wisconsin Game, Banquet Headline Day's Festivities
Homecoming Program
Today
A- M. 9:00-
The alumni who braved t^re shortages and transportation difficulties to return yesterday found their time well taken with a complete schedule of Homecoming activities that began
last ni^ht.
Registration of the returning graduates began yesterday, and it is expected to reach a 10:00-pea-k this morning. The names of the graduates and the class in which they graduated are
being posted in the lobby of the Union.
Several luncheons are planned for the alumni by the various organizations, and a special
AWS Opens Cooference
Tuesday
Sfratfon Will Speak At University Convo Designed to give 1o the coed a comprehensive sviivey of vocational opportunities, the Associated Women Stu<lent.s Vocational Conference ,
will open Tuesday night with Lt. >«nquet when the senior memberil
luncheon is being held in the Union of tbc class ot"’ll. This afternoon the football game between the Boilermakers atid the Wisconsin Badgers will bo held in Ross-Ade Stadium at 2:30. The grads will lie givcoi a cliancc to see their flassmulcs in leiimons which will be held on the field aftci the game. The amnial alumni banquet will be held in the Union ballroom this evening' al G. This even! is open to any student, alumnu.s or faeuliy member. The prog’ram will feature Die Men’s Glee Club of seventy
voices.
The University’s last war.-iuuo football team will he honored at the
10:3011:45-
Loan Funds Aid Needy Students University Share Totals $86,000
Noon P. M. 2:30-
6:00-
8:008:30-
Hilda Burke
Puccini's opera, “La Boheme” will be preseilted in its entirety in English tonight at 7:30 in the Music Hall by the Charles L. Wagner “Opera-On-Tonr” company. Because the eompaily is on tour only until the last week in November when rehearsals begin for the regular Metropolitan opera season, it eohsisls chiefly of Metro])olitan stars, wilh the stage director and conduclor also connected with the “Met“’during the opera season
Dorothy C. Strktton of the WAVES as the principal speaker at an all University convocation at 7:15 in
the Mmsic Hall.
Dean Stratton To Talk
Dean Stralton, now located at Madi'iiiii, Wi.s., whcic '=.ho is woman c’cccutive oincor in charge of the
of the 1917 squad will receive silver
footballs.
Portrait Of Noble Kizer
As a resuH of loans totaling 11,000,000 made by the United State.s Congi’ess to universities throughout the country, the University has received $80,000 as its
share in the progi'am. The purpose Morning
of the loans is to help students in specialized courses continue their
-Alumni Registration and Get-together, Purdue Memorial Union Building. Campus Visil;,^—Golf, New University 18-hoie Course. -Women’s Hockey Game, Alumnae vs. Seniors—Faculty, Women’s Athletic Field. -Special Swimming Events—Fieldhouse. -1911 Class Luncheon, Meet in West Lounge, Purdue Memorial Union Building. —Fraternity, Sorority, Union and Hall Luncheons. -Varsity Football, Wisconsin vs. Purdue, Ro-:s-.\,cle
Stadium.
Purdue’s “All-American” Military Band. Class Reunions after the game on the gridiron. -Annual Alumni Banquet, Memorial Union Ballroom, ends at eight. Unveiling of Noble E. Kizer Pori ro it. Awarding of the Silver Fo.olball Trophies to the Senior Members of the 1917 Football Team. Fraternity, Sorority, and Hall Dinners. -“La Boheme”, Opera, Hall of Music. -Homecoming Dance, Maury Mahns, ’39, and his orchestra, Memorial Union Building.
Climax of the evening will come studies under the present acceler-
w'ith the unveiling of the portrait ated program,
of Purdue’s late football coach, Student.s eligible for thepe loans Noble Kizer. ■ may receive up to .$.500 pet year 'flic poi'trait.painlcd by Randolph under the plan and may have four
radio operator’s rchool, will have ^>1'the Alumni As.so- ycar.s in which to pay off their in-
in NoW York. Principal roles will be sung by Armand Tokatyan as Rudolph, Mack Uarrcll as Maiccl, Hilda Burke as Mimi, and Fiances Greer as Musetla. Loren Welch, who was to lake the i)ait of Schaunard, has beep called to the seivice and will be replaced liy Walter Olitzki, also a Motiopohlan tenor. Bohemian Setting Aclioh of the opera lakes place in the Bohemian Quarter of Paris about 18:i0 and skillfully combines comedy, romance aiul tragedy. Opening on Christmas Eve, tlic opera presents four friends, out of food and fuel, burning Rudoph’s manuscript to keep them warm. Two romances, one comic, one tragic, are introduced with more comedy also in such scenes as when Schauoard announced that he has eai'ned money by singing a disag'reeable parrot to death. Two winners of the “Metropolitan Auditions of the Air” are among the principals in the opera as Harrell achieved hist place in 19:19, and Miss Gi'ecrwon this season. Previous to this. Miss (Jie'r was a .'-'tar of I ho Philadelphia Opcia Company. Admission fVoccdtirc Admission to the convo will lie by passport or .season liclcet, with single admi.ssioii tickets on sale at the box ofiice tonjghi I'm $1.19, Military Ball Hoyrs Extended To 2 A.M. Two li. m.^hours will prevail for Militury Ball November l.‘l, Tillie Croll, president ol AWB, and Jeiinette Rutherford, chairman of AWS judicial board, announced today. Originally, the jiulioial board had voted to make 1 a. m. the deadline, but in response to petiliotis signed by over 1,000 students and a .student poll which shotved that over 99 per cent of the .students did not approve of those hours, another meeting was held Thursday afternokii to discuss the matter. The final vote to place 2 a. in. hours on coeds was a 5 to 4 decision.
Faculty Notice Tht‘ regular monthly meeting of the Facility will be held on Monday, October 2(i, at 1 p. m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. Edward f'. Elliott, President.
To Commemorate
Pui duo Oi'dei of Scabbard and Pladi' will commemorate the founding of the national organization with a foimal salute over the grave of .John Purdue Tuesday. The Univeisily chaplei was foimcd in 1909, and i( has the laiik ol' Firit Regiment, Company E. Three platoons of actives and pledges will foim at the Armory at 4:45 and march to the oval in front of University Hall. The salute will then bo fired. Olficer.s 'I'o Speak All advanced military .=iiidcnts are invited to all end the main event of the evening—a smoker to be held ill the North Ballroom of the Union at 7:4.5 p. m. Three officers, recently detailed from active military service to the University ROTC stair will ho the guest speakers of the evening. They are Major Miere, Major Tscliannon and Captain Rob-in-'On. ('a|)l;un .M. R. Spciiecr, commandiiie otfRci of the Univcisity Ordci, vill he the m.u^ti 1 of ceremonies.
for her subject tlie ihcinc of the conference, “Woik to Win”. She will desci'ibc the activities of women’s iTuxiliary of the Navy. ... P. C. ifockema, assistant to the president, will speak at tlie opening session replacing President Elliott, whose duties on the War Manpower Commission will take him back to Washington before the c_onferoncc. The Concert Choii, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will sing at the convocation. Two WAAC’.s Speak Speaking for the WAAC’s at the final meeting of the conference on Wednesday afternoon will bo Lieutenants Gertiude Pratt and Charlotte M. Shuman, from the reciuiling station of the Women’s Auxiliary Army Corps at Indianapolis. Coeds will he dismissed from their classes on Wednesday to attend the discussion groups which will be hold in the Union. Graduates of the Univei sity who have had enough experience and success in the vocational fields which they
ciation. and will he pic.sentod by the dehtodness to the government at a president of the association, W. I'ate of two and one-half per coni
Harvey Roberts. Dr. Edward C. El- interest per year.
liotl will accept the .gift in behalf of the University. A student musicalo presented on Sunday aftoi noon will wind up 'the g'ula week end ctfectively, and the alumni will go litinie to come again another yeai in spite of had tires and gasoline rationing.
Tomorrow
-Relig-ious Services, West L^afayette and Lafay-
ette Churches.
Noon —Fraternity, Sororitjy. Union, and Hall Dinners. 3:00 P. M.—Student Musicale, Music Room, Purdue Memurial
Union Building.
Students, Grads Pledge Defeat Of Badgers At Pep Session A crowd of several thousand students and alumni swarmed out to Stuart Field last night for a gigantic pep session in which they pledged their support of Coach Burnham and his
Loans Restricted
Eligibility to the loans is restricted to engineering students, pharmacy students and agricultural or science students specializing in chemistry or physics. Those who
fall in this category must he able team in the game against the Wisconsin Badgers.
Accepts Gifts,' Approves Degrees HiiiotS’ Presides Over Meet'ing
to finish their four years of trainin,g within 24 months of the time of application for the loan; that is, any student above the rank of
freshman is eligible.
When making application for the loan, the student must agree first to continue his study under the accelerated plan, unless otherwise di- } ected by the Chairman of the War Manpower Commission, and second, to engage for the duration of the war in which the United States is
1 epresent to be able to explain thd foi' the power plant, was announced advantages and disadvantages of Thursday during the second day of their jobs will be the speakers. the quarterly meeting of the UniDiscuss 16 Vocations versity Board of Trustees. Presi-
Acceptancc of the uew Aeronau
tical Engineering building, an addi
tion to the hangar at the University the Chairman of the War Man airport, and a new cooling system power Commission.
Debts Cancelled If Drafted
Tonight at 8:30 the Memorial Union is holding a Homecoming-
now engaged in such employment dance in honor of the home coming
or service as
officers or
The crowd met in front of the Union to listen to the music of the Men’s Glee Club. The chorus of seventy voices sang ' stirring pep songs including
the new Purdue Chant and the
Purdue Series Chorus.
A high stepping freshman band led the torchlight parade out to the Field, which was well lighted by a Skull and Crescent bon-
fire.
‘Irish’ O’Brien Talks University alumnus and varsity
Maury Mahn To Play
For Homecoming Dance Tonight
maybe assigned by alumni. Maury Mahn and his band ^®°tball player, “Iiish 0 Biien,
.ngencies designated by will toniel. the mueic. The back-
Students receiving help under this plan will have their indebtedness cancelled if drafted. This means
drops and welcoming signs in the ballrooms are to be in gold and black, the colors of the Boilermakers. Backdrop of the stage is Hi
“Beat Wisconsin” poster.
An elaborate sign has also been
Sixteen vocations will be dis- dent E. C. Elliott returned from therefore, that those applying for Union Build-
cussed in the Union from 8 to 11 in Washington to preside at the meet-
the morning. These ai e divided in- ing.
to four related fields and coeds are urged by the chaii'inen of the con(See AWS CONFERENCE, page 4)
Radio Operations
Margaref BaynCb Ilomci oming ciowd^s, in for a huge week cud of lialtling the B.adgei'., will piolmtily leniombci that it is III the University of Wisconsin that Lieiil. Doiothy C. Stiatton is WAVEing. On leave of alisence as Dean of Women o^ flie University, Lieut. Stratton is now leaching 480 sailor girls to put their “best foot foiward” in radio oiieralions. However, these giil bluejackets, known as the WAVES, arc not having any social i tea iiarty at Lheii' new home and training center, the University of Wisconsin. For a period of sixteen weeks, they will uni'avel the mystery of toclfiiical radio code and communications work, and preliminary indoctrination; and even a small amount of marching diill. To Rcceiie Pel tv Otliecr Rating Graduates ot the Seluu'l wd! lie assigned to naval stations within llie United Slate,, to lelieve men for active comhal duty vRh the licet. 'Phose oiadiialos who attain the re(piired |)i oi'icieney in '.chool will re(eive an ininie(liate lating a.s thiid class licit y oliiccr though “pretty ollicer” seems ifiore appropriate.
Receiving a dose of their own medicine, the ten olliceis who aie diiecling tlie ai'iivitics of the WAVE.S w,enl to Smith College for a four monllis’ training pei iod, and only anived on the campus a week before the enlisted girls camo. Lieut. Straiten, who spent the four mouth in training at Smith, is the
senior women’s officer.
Three Disfiiiet Training IJnils With the opening' of the WAVES school Ihe Navy has three distinct units in training on the Wisconsin campus. First, the bluejackets who will become radio operators
Also appi'oved by the Board was the selection of December 20 as commencement date foi- present term seniors. Other Board action included final approval of the budget for the next biennium, starting •Tuly 1, 1943. The budget will lie submitlod to the state budget com-
mittee later this month. Approval To Degrees
Appioval was given of degrees conferred at the close of the summer Imm in August, and a numhei of gifts vvoio accepted for the student Ion 1 funds. A preliminary le])()il wa.*^ also leceived on the proposal 10 establish leelinical institutes in the state for the purpose of giving- technical instruction for the benetit of Indiana iiuUistifos. Detailed plans will be presented al the .January meeting of the Board. Majot gifts'to the Student Jjoan
the loan will be subjected to the draft under the Selective Service Act of 1949. Additional requirements are a minimum scholastic index of 3.5 and presentation of pi oof of his need, by the student.
ing giving a hearty welcome to the
grads.
Delta Chi
team plays like they did at Noithwestern, we’ve won the game.” Head Coach Elmer Burnham said to the crowd which milled around the platform, howling for a victory against the Badgers, ‘‘We’re going out there tomorrow and give them a hell of a game.” The prize of ten dollars in merchandise was awarded to the Sigma Nus for their sign which lead “Too bad you Badgers are going to get-
a trimming.”
The pep session broke up with a
. . . social fraternity, is going to
The fiist donations will be avail- hold its annual Homecoming dance funeral dirge for Wisconsin and the able November 1, and application tonight at the chapter house from crowd formed a snake dance which (See LOAN FUNDS, page 2) 8:30 to 11 p. m. wound back to the Union.
Back To Old Purdue
Alumni Return From Far And Near To Register For Gala Homecoming
By Becky Caylor
The returning alumni poured into the Union all day Friday to register
Fund were as follows: .$212.79 irom Homecoming weekihe Jnmoi'Pi'ony,omimtteeol 942; Coming from far and near to $183.37 l.'om the Sophomore^Cotil- campus, relax in
lion Committee. Other gifts which
the Union, and most of all to see
the fleet; the second unit is for the training of naval officers in the operation and maintenance of diesel motors, and the thii’d is the
WAVES.
'I'lu' gill hliieiackets represent a cross section of the feminine population. Among tlicm are lY'ofessional liancei',-,, aulhois and journalists, nciresses, socialites, .stenographers, clciks, artists and secretaries. The (laughter (sf tlio governor of Massachusidts and^of a New York financier arc now wearing the uniform •of the WAVES.
,, were accepted were: $220.60 for the iu w with T I- 11 1 r r,, Boilermakers defeat the Wis Indiana Federation of Clubs Ediica-
tional Loan Fund;, $93.66 from the Eli Lilly & Co., of Indianapolis, for (See TRUSTEES, page 4)
Publications Committee ConipulKory meoliiig of, complete staff: iuiiioi's,*sophomores, fi'osh, wilh the Faculty .Publications (hminiittce Tuesday night, October 7, al 7:15 p. m. —GJEMRE
cortsin Badgets this afternoon, the old gi'ads have taken every available space in the Union and the
local hotels.
Others Register the parts, even those of women were One of the other alumni to regis- taken by men. In his senior year ter Friday was F. B. Planks of Quivey wrote the “Harlequin.” He Bartelsville, Oklahoma. Planks, one is also well known as past national of the University's prominent grad- president of Sigma Alpha Epsiloij. nates, was a ME, class of ’16, and he And More * is now employed as tlie manager ©f Also among those who returned the Federal Tax and Income De- was Grover C. Neff, who graduated* partments of the Empire Oil and in '09 and who is president of the Refining Company. Wisconsin Power'Company. His son. One of the old grads of a war Bill Neff, who graduated two years ago is O. K. Quivey, Ag ’19, -who is ago, is now serving overseas in the
The alumni seem to have come mana.g'er of the Agricultural Divi- 359th Bombardment Squadron, from everywhere to make this aion of the Baltimore and Ohio Rail- W. Homy Roberts, CE’12. of the Homeeoming the biggest yet. road. Quivey had an interesting col- Robei'ts Uaiiy, pie.siuenL of the As in the past, the first man to lege career, and\he was quite the Purdue AUuuni Association, regisrogister was Harry E. Rank, Sci. activities man. He had the male lead tcred eitrJy, and has been busy with ’84, who has been the first man to in the ‘‘Harlequin” show which was greeting the old grads, register for Ggla week and Home- the forerunner of the Union Show. Purdue alum.s seem to come from coming for the last twenty-odd However in those days, either due everywhere for this Homecoming, years. Rank lives in'Lafayette, and to a bad shoitage of coeds or the and sincerely hope they have no he has been a consistent attendant shyness of those who did brave the reason to be disappointed in anyat all alumni functions. man's world at the University, all thing, least of all,today's game.
P.'S4
4?^
Page 2
- -»-^ fTw - 1^ Tfi^- ’«- -■ Purdue Exponent
If j f '‘ ' ‘ \r. ■>■»?»/ »; .4' H i' ' f *1 t Saturday, October 24, 1942
Purdue Exponent
Offices Editorial and Business Pi.r&uG Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Luiforiul Phone After 10pm, 5377
i t I 1
John r Amos Don T Brophy John H Armstrong: Robert L Hhdley Ken K Gpemre Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff
A<.socialo Editors I I IT D \\ 0(1 111 A I Hunter W F Rafert ( V H I I R \V Bo wir klc K Roquemor
I I t\ r T S DaNsson D Sbiy r C H 1) Cl arl lie Ha Jean I auci Flaine
Business Staff
nnairtr T 1 n M rtin ^ers ] M \S UK t D I Johnson T Petlv ij,cr C H K1 iman r 1 r I Turn nj,a III Clail Hne Kcim
The Purdue Independent
T'lj.er Lir
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum Roberta Kessler Sc^t Brown George Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue
iti ee
Sports Editor Sowards Issue Editor Tyson
r<oknou"h \arcar Spindet Donham V imilion ITuwcb
7 latter nt the post office in Lafay Id of Conj,rcs of Maicli 3 18 9 f 1 ta^c 1 rovidcd for in section autlorufd January 20 l-)22 av Filial in 1 Sunday n oinin^s c li ly carrici for $1 i for a nf tei b> mail foi $2 00 i )i «
1 1
1 b Cl ) li n $1 0 al aJ itsmt^ by National Advcrti 1 ^ I 11 hers KeiHstntatv 420 1 > V
Welcome Alumni
•Ifk'k'^'kir'k'kirk'kir-kir-k-k'k'k'k'k-kirir-k
Welcome, Alumni, welcome back to the campus which was once the scene of youi successes and disappointment^ while students in the University Many of you were here dining the tiaditional tank scraps, others lemembeis vividly the now famous “Purdue Wieck” and still otheis have diffeient memoiies of their college life All of you have surely noticed the many changes which have been brought about in the Univeisity during the intervening years Fiom a few small buildings, the University has grown to its present size, stretching from the Fieldhouse on Stadium Avenue to the Veterinary building on the faithest approaches to the Agncultuial campiw In couise work, the University has kept in step with the times and at piesent, work is offeied in practically any line of endeavor connected with Enginceiing. Science or Agiicultiue Since the advent of wai, the Univei sity has undergone still further changes in helping to adjust itself to the wai effoit Service men aie a common sight on the campus, many men and women aie emolled in defense training coiuses and many ol the leseaich lacihties of the Univeisity have been tinned over to vai work This Univeibity oi any univcisily can he no stronger than its alumni, theietoie, we, the students of Pin due, welcome you to the campus foi the week end, hoping that you have an enjoyable time and that some day vve may ■join your lanks —d e h
University Calendar Saturday, October 24
-K ■F •K
Olan Mills Studio
4-
Jc M
(Dmlinelivo Portraiture)
¥ ¥
205 Fasl Slate
¥ ¥ ¥
Phone 3415
i
ir-k-k-kitir-^-k-k'k'k'trir'k'k'kir'kir'k'k k'k'k
9 00 A M 2 10 P M 9 00 P M 8 00 P M 8 30 PM 8 30 P M S '0 PM 8 30 P M
Moitni Eoaul Bieakfast Frotball Wi'-c-—Homecomiiit, Undtif,! iduatc Paints Convot ition ‘I i Bohcint OptiaSigma Alpns Mu D net Mixti I'an Ep lion Phi Dance Alpha (j untn i Rho Pltugc U me
Old Chestniil: Rin , Union Ross Adt bt uliiim Room 212, Union -II ill of Music Dune in Hall, I if lyiHe South Billiorin Union fhaptci House Allen’s Lalayettc
1 ry an I xponent ( lassified'
Cotiference I Home Ecs Work To Win
I’f iQ
to the £dibfi.
1 s H Ibe third in (lac wh ch wi i be dj«tus«ed t VVorien S udent Vota } j truiluTtes of the Uni
[)] fitu dies loi the tc tlio iJi ivcisity to ( 1 il 1 ( me cconoin Lt I ( xpaiided and I W 1 11 11 1 the W( 1 to Will 1 ( I i 1 tme vill i 1 ( t 1 Cl IK b 1 ti cl fini I and 11 til t Will
la 1 r )i I (1 i\ Is on its 1 1 i tl t 1 ij,hl 1 iiid in t 1 (lie of the ts ] 1 of wn and fciils ( (, tc I in mitiitioii will \ til 111 public edii I I I ils as well as in ly) \\1 Lie i glowing ap I tl c ( ict that a good j id woik has cieated i d 1 t who IS Intelested in tl coinmcicial foods I at 1 csponsibility to llirif housewives how to I 1 lucl by expending a ,,1 t And it follows fiom tl coed who came to the \ i'll the ambition of 1 )\\ t( be a home makei I to fight on the home
1 who always wanted to It ooin will find a demand managerial abilities fiom t lies who each day are be noie inteicsted in lunch il cii woikeis And the (pinings in tea looms, lot s r its establish \ ' il\ av 1 he V aiting ioi n eating in spite of \ai s \ hethei home econom I (1 not, will piobably be (h discussion section tic di t of hoinemaking I I (’roint in both Aimy \( Women who have I (IK in hipping Juini Lo ton to Seattle and I I h pi ohlems v\ ill he at I c t t sfilaiii the tactic
I ,L
Crowd Hears ford At Mixer
h I 11 I >l
I I I 1
V ( i
s in
1 dltiio t a capacity I 111 lalhooms of th( n 111 Jimmie I unccioid t t a f tv c the students If alumni s( iiK oi his I 111 niajoiitv ol the f lli( II L me ai ( und the II t( nin and jumping 1 w i( laiidhd by Dan 11(1 tioiii! orii<-t Jimmy
Ootohei 20 1042 Uditoi File Pill due I xponent Deal Lc ilo We tl e engmcpis ol Puidiie find litth in'eust in the social activities of Ileidoid 1 LilN poultiy shoiL < om e woilei Ag Kconomic f 1 ih A gi itLiUuial extci ion seiv icc= Hoof and Horn and cow in „ericial (not coed*-), especially when lantv tcl 111 csK leadline on I’age 0 le V/ 1 a'l/'’llial tlieie ai ( lo uiy A tu 1 111 0 1 th c 11 ))u I ut W( 1 e tl t c nil 1 tc 11 s lo ui 1 1 t i id why this 10 iioi ity * ould c( ntiii ually moioroli70 the f ont page ot the <-ti(hnt ncw«pap(i And even Ihe Ae student und nibtcdly aic ec'icinely hoiil ly the iiaiticulii hiaiid 0 new given lofhtm Il I iiin sp ciIk'’lly (o tlu is ue ol flctohci ,-0 \ou hive IcatiiKel on Itic I ont jiJ c fivequile leivthv items (I mteicst (dubious) (o A,^ st iJet t and A tudeiits only Y ni have 1 111 led an iLe in of i (al intc i e t to all cn^inecis on Pas c two this 1 the fe ituie of the oiienirig oJ the new Acio lab luitheimoie Mud hall one ol tiie items ol i cal apjK al to the majoiity ol the students and cxpi cssii g the tl uc sentiment of the student has liceii almost comi Icte ly ohliteiated oi the leai page M though specifically eiiti i/ing thm one issue we feel that it is mciely lepiesentative of t! t „LneiaI policy oJ the Exponent Ciitici m in genet il includes the following A dearth oi inteiestin^ or witty leatuie stones, cveiy col lege newspaper ot good calibre lea turcs a gossip column Th® gnat majority of yoiu readeis are dis appointed when, after a lengthy search, find nothing ol this type We suggest th it it one man is tremulous ihout wiitin^ such a column appoint r committee to col leet ind edit this news Conceining the sports pat,e when the loothall team wins a game the whole ecliiion is devoted to the vie teiy liowevei when on the losin„ side only a euit summaiy i given the disinteie ted leader would get the impie ion th it the hx poiient IS a pie s itlea e loi name hands stemming liom the tact that a coming attiaelion is lepeat diy 1( ituied in the headlines and its histoiy and imiioitaiiee aie stul’cd Jujcioly d(ywr the leulii s tliioat In eloping may we propose a newspaper for the engineers as well as the ExponenI Signed Tied M Hudson Donald R Hall Donald Lthonoo P S W real /L that he cause this lettei night he ot sonic intiictt to many tulent it pi ol ally nevci will see light
De r rditoi
In 01 del con; tljc
LAST TIMES TODAY -DOUBLE FEATURE —
PAJROM7E I XPOM Nl ADVI RnSLKS
HANOmCHttf nST PROVES VITAL ZONE
NO MATTER HOW OFTEN YOU SMOKE IT
= What A Town’ Dames And = = Dynamite Explosive Fun = ^ And Fury' p I POWDERTOWN | S with 0 ^ I VICTOR McLAGLEN | I EDMOND O'BRIEN f I JUNE HAVOC I = plus p
= It's A Hillbilly Jamboree' = I COMIN' AROUND | I THE MOUNTAIN | M with ^ § BOB BURNS = = UNA MERKEL =
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE IONITE
THLFSRST REAL LOVE STORY from the man who knows every light and lug on ^‘Loser’s Lane"
Wllh Barton MacLANE Euseno PALLETTE • Agnes MOOREHEAD • Sam LEVENE S iy COLLINS . Marion MARTIN llliam 0«R-aiid OZZIE NELSON and ORCHESTRA
Playshop To Present Free Prododions In Fowler Hal! Hov. i
Child Welfare Group Includes Harnett O'Shea
PLyshop 1-51 ow \ oil iiif on thiec p ocaiction v i icn it v.'ill piesent \ovemb i 7 ii F iwlci Hall Ihiee difroient iiHvs v ill be given ind then will le no admission charge foi them The followiig casts have been ^electee George Zissn the student diicc lor of \/tst tram the Panhandle V ill have tl o follow i ig c rst Donii i Jean Cut Ivliiiaunt Sveiu Tim Lemiah rn Join Sprldin^ Tin 1 mg^t and / nn ( uinic rtl Tolin Ch k n Lie sacitiit di c toi ol P i\ 1 s 11 d 111 r ist in elude lltni Pol/ Bob Bil ei John P iltci son B bLiyton (.eoigt ICi 111 an 1 1 lel Se iifl The Gieit Di k diieete I by Al t Bar ib I i x c ist oi 1 1 line Kill l>c nine Mci hci^o 1 Roeinaiy Thoiihii r uicis Rob I is on K itlu me Pi nh in ind M u y I or I I Him i
Govcinoi Ilcnr y J Sehi iCKer an noiiced Wednesd ly th rt Dr Hai 1 lett 0 Shea of the division of edu e ition ind a)iplied psychology ha been included in th'’ 24 members ol the ■'tate committee on child wel Ire In cooioination with the s'atc de fense council tht committee h is th ec imposes to provide piopci taic lot w 11 workers ehilclien to decrease pivinile dclinquencv and to in no child caic in rid xiound ci i\ ded to V ns nc ai ciefe nsc ai c i He id Ilf the tom uittec will be Thru mm A Gottschalk adminis tl itoi ol tlic st uc depaitment ol public well 11 c
LU»IA
LAST TIMES TODAY
PLUS —SECOND HIT 11
Theta Chi
A WARNER BROS. HIT with RICHARD TRAVIS • JULIE BISHOP Chas Drake'Eleanor Parker*Elizabeth Frasei
Get a fresh supply before the game
LEAVE YOUR FILM for EXPERT FINISHING
^Over Size PRINT SERVICE
FOSTER Camera Shop
41 I State lust Across from the Union
Loan Funds
oineconiiiig
d( cri ation till v\ i 1 1 i c i ) 1 n ed by f 11 y riuli Hu \ cc 1 ( i i 11 ry not he inisuiidi islood x/i would hi jilca ed to h vc jlii call Hu iol lowiii 1 at to the rttcntion cl the student body xn i Ihe fx ully I he m xti 1 idl 1 1 H IS ecoi il i in w( 1 1 nil li i I (I 1 ( on H iii Lion \ 1 Well un lc 1 w y I c f )i( tl v u i o it c iiiiiiu (1 ini/ation i sue I till II 1 I lam Hi n (ill id 1 iv ii y f yi ( (I di t'’ iy f' 1 Hus vf 11 J 1 planiii ( 111 1( 1 il I II 101 f 1 y c ai w w ei ( eon i 1 ying w iH i i e qiK I fu m Hu aim in ei i I xi / Icn
hoiiici nil iig a u ii il
I h( IK ((111 s vv t( ( f nnicy w Old 1 CO 1 r 11 om pi 'in Hi till III 11 ell a y ill il ol Jo( li 111 oik 11 iiddcii nil li i
^ n e ol p i( I loti III
(diy f luh 1 not tiyii lo he i sue Himiih Hii wed < nd It i le g) etl ihic 111 it a de e s on on dc coi a tioris wa 1 rt 1 ( ai hi d ( Ji 1 c I Un foituniti delay sich i this howcvci Iniiiieii oltiri and should iiul cause iiecdliss iiguiiunl
Youis tiuly
J ditoi f 11 y f 1II ) ( 111 ion W xr 1 en Robinsrn
(( 1 tin I Hi nil 11 ipe 1) l( tl ( I ) ms hold lien ide im ni I il ly il I c D in e I Mci offid Anyliithei mto'initiuii n III ohtaii (d iioii c i ir whii i ri m til po (s ion of moiihci 11 t' c I ic by u I f I om Di ii (lol I siiiiH (fric 210 ( olli P irtieij) iluig 11 i( 1 ^ 0 11 g s mil 11 1 VC 1 ities III i loiit Hk (ountiy I XI p n III 11 jn i 1 II 1 ^ X (Id I c I fi 1 1 ( tu 1\ I I me LI 1 i I I mill (h lit,' ] 1 \ e 11 lie 1 ( I (li inj /111 II u v) c'ciil 1 \ XI I 11 xi I u y
social liatcinity, announce'■ the election of tne following ofii eeis David Ochiltiee pic ident Itoheit Shclhoin vice pic sidcrit Jed Thcodose lieasmei Dona’d Schi ulei sccietaiy Fdwaid Cy cenas house mana ei R xy Schw ih stewaid and I’ml Du is idedgc niai h HI
NEW DANCING CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S Wed , Nov 11, 7*30 P M ADVANCED T'ltirc , Nov 12, 7 30 P M
CLOTHifS ARE SANITONED
DI4L 7278
Yours Suits Will I/)OK NEWER, LAST I.ONGER Wiipu Saiifori/eTl Regularly ] 82 NORTHWESTERN
(1 laijrt t Lirqe t Diu irg Sciioal AULFiN’S (nh A i(
liNDRY
h i(
It ( Hie
MAES
The DIFfERENT Mawmion A/usicolAs Timel/ os romorrow's Meadhnesii
The Idol of Lhc ls*a ond Kts AMERICAS Ho I IIAWAtIA IN PERSON CRiNGS YOU
The Official Hawoiion American Good Will Shaw Fcotunng Aloha Maids * Alfred Apaka Sailors Sweethearh ond
MUSICAL AMBASSADORS TO THE MAINLAND/-
®lu» Acts From the Stales
AARON & BRODERICK BOB BROMLEY PAUL KIRKLAND
TOT'
ADMISSION 11 30 1 30 33c 1 30 5 00 40c 5 00 to closing 40c iOc
FRANKIE ALBERT MARGUERITE CHAPMAN In "SPIRIT OF STANFORD' Time of Stage Shows 1 53 4 23 6 53 9 10 11 27
WEI.CIIME CIWUS! Wssrsi lii lijivss yiiii hiiriL Isi ;§ wisfiiliirhi] wiMik-imil! f Edgertoo Hardware
C W. V.unMcfcr, Pres. Phone 4J54 West Lafayette* Saturday, October 24, 1942 Sports
Pag^ 3
'
RiVeteiv Badger Runners To Meet
. Today ,at 11:15 a. m., the 'Boilermaker, cross, country team enter‘tains the distance squad from Wisi'consin on the home course in what ^ill be the.tliird distance event for the Riveter team this season. The Boilermaker I record in meets won and lost so far this season reads two wins, ovOt Illinois and Ohio State, and one toss to, wkat Coach Phillips of the Gold and Black, calls the best distance team in the Conference
this season, Indiana University. . This portion of the week end festivities is being held in the morning to enable, both the students and visitors, on the campus to see this conflict, and the tilt on the gridiron that will come later, with no crowding of schedules being necessary. Last season the contest between the Badgers and Boilermakers was just another step in what turned' out to be a march by the Riveters into.
'4 t
Everything for a
CAMPBELL CAFE
College Education
PLATE LUNCH 35c SOUP . . . SANDWICHES
' DEAC’S
'
(Under New Management) 213 Northwestern Ave.
first place in Big Nine Conference competition in the cross country field. Thi^^ season Coach Phillips expects to repeat things, as far as the dual meet this morning is concerned at least. Men In The Running Boilermakers who will play a large part in the outcome of the run this mdiming are Charlie DuesIgr, Kenny Lynch, Fred Kinder, Darrel Roach, Sewai’d, Ashwell and Harrer. In the time trials held last Wednesday in preparation for this meet, Charlie Duesler set a new time record for the course for this season, 18:18. His previously better time was made in the Indiana meet when he went under the- line in 18:23.
Leads Badgers
I \
Link your friends toother in a fine sterling silver bracelet! Start with one link, with your own name or initials, attached to a velvet ribbon or a sterling chain. ,Then your friends and beaux will add to the bracelet with links bearing their names or initials. When you have enough links bring it in and let us |oin the links with sterling connections at no cost to you. Then for 35c we will provide you with a sterling clasp. The velvet ribbon, arid the engraving are absolutely free. Start your own, and exchange with your friends. With a large circle of friends you will need several bracelets . $] .00
lOEB&HENE COMPANY, Jewelery — Street Floor
mf
o
Grads! WELCOME , back once again to OL Purdue ■—^to the former haunts of your college days. Homecoming this year takes on added significance in that many Purdue Alumni, who would ordinarily be here, are serving our country so that we may continue to have h6mecoming and football games. Let’s make up for their absence. Play a good hard game—all the way. Pete Doc Anderson
Purdue ’07 Corner Sixth and Alaliaiiia
Phone dO 18
Boilermakers Face Badgers
Riveter Frosh, 7-0, At Homecoming This Afternoon
In Night Grid Clash ^ Barwegen LG.... Vogd.si Hurrle C : Negus Ruggieri RG Currier French RT. Hirsbrunner (AC) Shimer .RE Schreiner Hajzyk 1.....QB..; .; Wink Smock LH.... Hirseh Andretich (AC) RH .' Hoskins Buffington FB Harder Cast in the role of the underdog for the fifth straight game, the Riveters are again hopeful of providing another upset as it stacks up against undefeated Wisconsin here this afternoon at 2:30 p. m. in the twenty-seventh renewal of a colorful
series that has seldom run true to form.
The burly Badgers, reinforced by the return to full time
Foi' the second time this year senior tackle Paul Hirsbrunner will captain the University of Wisconsin football squad as they lake the field. Hirsbrunner was chosen for the honor to lead the Cardinal eleven in their first Western Conference tilt of the current season after being captain during the Badger win over Camp Grant. '
Sports Staff All sports staff members report to the Exponent office immediately following the game for a sports edition. —HADLEY
Leads Riveters
Coach Emmett Lowery’s freshman football squad lost its second straight game last night before an enthusiastic crdwd of homecoming fans. The Rhinie grid aggregation from the University of Illinois handed the Black and Gold frosh a 7-0 setback. Last week the Loweryr coached outfit fell before a strong Indiana frosh squad by a last-min-
ute 6-0 verdict.
Score On Punt Reception
Last night’s game was a close struggle up to the third quarter' when Bill Krall, of Gary, the Illini safety man, took a punt and handed
the ball on a reverse to Julius action of Pat Harder, veteran fullback, who led the conference
in scoring and yardage gains last season, admittedly rule as overwhelming favorites to remain in the rapidly dwindling ranks of the nation’s undefeated teams, but the Boilermakers, hard to figure on paper, are hopeful of having their say on the gridiron before a Homecoming throng of approximately 20,000.
Badgers Win One Homecoming
The Riveters’ hopes of again fooling the football forni charts are somewhat, borne out by results of the past eight Homecoming clashes which have been played with the Badgers here in even numbered years since the series was renewed on a home and home basis in 1925. In those eight games the Badgers, although freqiiently ruling as favorites, have been able to win but a single start, the 14-13 triumph of two years ago when Wisconsin came from behind to score two touchdowns in the last six minutes
of play.
Stopping the brilliant Badger backs will provide a real, problem for the' Boilermaker forward wall. In addition to Harder, now back in harness after being handicapped by injuries, the Boilermakers must
Ryovich, left halfback, also of Gary., Ryovich then romped some 60 yards to the pay dirt and a conversion
sent the Illini to a 7-0 lead.
The Black and Gold Rhinies outplayed the Illinois aggregation during the first half, but were outclassed by the superior Illini squad in the second stanza. Stan Warner, of the Riveter squad, played a smooth game in the backfield. Bill Barnard, left halfback for the Boilermaker rhinies, also turned in a
bi’illiant performance.
Illinois’ squad was one of the most promising that has been produced at the Illini institution. Although Coach Lowery’s squad fell before the invaders, the Boilermakers have the makings of some superior varsity material for the future.
Of course you can give her the gift she wants
most . . . YOUK
PHOTOGRAPH!
DISTINCTIVE PORTRAITURE HOURS Daily.... ...............11:00-7:00 Saturday ...10:00-6:00 OLAN MILLS STUDIO
^05 East State PHONE 3413
■mm
Johnny Andretich, stocky Boiler-
maker halfback, will be holding the keep a careful eye bri Elroy “Ghost
captain of the Riveter Hirseh, sensational sophomore who .chine, when the Gold aiid tiirnprl in a +-nnnVi/tnTirTi
wheels as
football machine when the Uqlil and turned in a 62-yard touchdown roir Black take to the turf against the against Great Lakes last Saturday
and Jack Wink, who- picked off a
Badgers frorn Wisconsin in today's
annual Homecoming tilt.
Kappa Delta Pi
pass to run 101 yards for another score. Hirseh has, in addition, carried the ball 64 times for a net gain of 443 yards and thus ranks 15th in nation for passing and running. Hirsbrunner Is Wisconsin Tackle The sturdy Wisconsin line will be
... national education honorary, held an initiation ceremony and banquet Tuesday evening in the Old
Chestnut Room of the Union. The around Dave Schreiner, :AHfollowing students were initiated to American end, and Paul Hirsbrunthe honorary: Dana Mae Johnson, 'iei’,rugged tackle, whowillbe aCtMildred Jones, Nancy Young, K. W. captain for Wisconsin for the Bradfield, Dona Marie Irion, C. L. second time this season. Weathers, Sally Beall, June Moore, Coach Elmer Burnham expects to Jane Packard, Polly Hilton, Mabel ^^ick to virtually the same combinaVaughan, Libby Baughman, Vir- that has shouldered the bplk ginia Newcomb, Fred Ponder and the burden so far this Season,
Virginia Gallman,
Southworth
Southworth’s
with Johnny Andretich, who served as acting captain in the upset victory over Northwestern, again to handle the leadership of the Boilermakers for the day. The Wisconsin team left Madison Thursday evening and spent the night in Chicago before going to Indianapolis where they held a workout yesterday afternoon. They stayed in the Hoosier capital last evening and will arrive here just before game time. Junior halfback John Andretich will lead the Riveters in quest of their sgeond Big Ten victory of the current season. Andretich, who was chosen by Jack Brickhouse, WGN sports commentator, on the Western Conference Team of the Week, captained the Burnhamen in their win over the Wildcats of Northwestern and was one of the Outstanding performers in the Ohio State game. . Cievett Announces Rifle instruefion An organization meeting of those interested in a course in rifle marksmanship will be held at 7 p. m. on Tuesday, October 27, in Room 107 of the Fieldhouse. At. this meeting all arrangements such as dates and hours will be announced. The course of instruction is being arranged to include range practice in sighting, aiming and triangulation exercises. The details of the instruction will parallel nearly as possible the course given by the United States Army for the ben^t of its recruits. Prospective service men may find it to their advantage to acquire the fundamentals of marksmanship at these classes before taking the range in earnest.: This program will be under tl>e supervision of Mr. C. B. Gildersleeve and George Christena of the National Rifle Association. The I'ifles to be used in this course will be furnished a^ jthe rifle range located in the bahement of the Fiel<t.
house._ •&
f f'i
pPj, w . ' t t ' ^
wmm
^ »('■
««t‘
p r ? If xtn^ «o ,/ 1 If
Purdue Exponent
\ ^ Satujjjy, Opiohet 24f 194^
irfWNiaUWHtik
ftitiliUtimhiiim
^n. JhsL Oliver T. Beyer
{^ku/uJwA,
University Presbyterian Clniich North Street near Gi ant 9 30 A M—Student Biblo class Will discnss, with Di Giavos, sev etsU aspects of the life of Jesus 10 30 A. M—Moining Woiship. Seimon subject “On Standing Fii m” t5 30 P M —Sunday Evening Club under the leuleiship of Laiiy Smith
. e3c-*43 ag^i icultui al student of the University, has boon awaided the Oidci of Pm pic Ileait, along with foul othci men, foi biaveiy He icceivcd the deioialion for enteiing an ainmninilion dump ind lenuning the uumuiiiUon to safety fiom a threatening glass fiic which w IS ncai 2,000 pound bombs All
escaped without injuiv
Kennedy, Ruppert To Present Recital
Trustees
P. B. Curtis
FrankC. Hockema
West Lafayette Baptist Church 9 30 A M—Rogei Williams class. Rev Gleason, leader 10 35 A M—Chuich Worship Service. "Oui Fathei” will be the subject of the sermon by Rev Gleason 5'30 P M—Roger Williams Foundation Fellowship Hour led by Bill Haimon. 6 00 P M—Suppei, 15 cents 6 30 P M—Foium Houi Dr Otto Scott Steele will speak on the subject “Dynamic Faith foi Today” Kenneth Stapp will lead \espei services
assistant to Piosident Elliott, spoke to the Paicnt Tc ichei Asso ciation in Otteibein Tuesday night His subject was “The Community’s Pait in the Wai Effoit ”
Maiy Louise Ruppert, pianist, and Willnra Kennedy, vocilist, will pioscnt a\iceital at 3 p m Sunday in the Mubie Room of the Union Miss Ruppcit, 1 student of Miss Beagle ol the Allen Sehool ol Musie, will play a gioup o( classical iiumbeis William Kennedy, a membei of the Glee Club, will be aceom jianied on the piano by Aithui Jacklin a membei of the Musical Oigani7ations
AWS Conference
(Continued from page 1) ference to attend all four meetings of one group These vocations will again be taken up in the afternoon in lound table foini when coeds will have an oppoitunity to ask questions The session on factors in getting and holding a joo will be given tw ice once in the morning and again in the aftci noon |
Classified Ads
(Continued from page 1) Its fund; flOOOO for the W H Winteiiowd Fund, from the sale of Iwo sets of Winteiiowd etchings (tifls icccpted by the Boaid also included a bulletni boaid and intei communication system to the Dc paitment of Poultry Husbandly flom the Indiana State Poultry As sociation, a poultiy killing and diessing unit for the same dcpaitment, given by the Oakes Manufac tuiing Company of TtptoU; a De Soto automobile chassis, sans tiies and tubes, picsepted to the School of Mechanical and Aeionautlcal Engineeiing by the DeSoto Motoi Coipoiation, and ten purebied hogs, given to the Department of Veteii naiy Science by Fted Holliday, of Mallard Lake Farms at Zion&ville
"of the Univeisity Agiicultural Chemistiy staff attended a meeting ot the executive committee of the Amciicaii Association Of Peed Conti ol Officials in Chicago last Wednesday Pi of Curtis is piesidenl ol this committee
Vocational Conference Chairmen Very important meeting Monday at 4 30 p m irt Room 307 of the Union. Instructions afid assifoiments wiH be given for the conftfience—‘Pervine Sclitcklof’ Weber Pilt. flaynes ChitfieUI Patrick Hennis
Triton • There will be no meeting Tuesday because of the beginning of Jihe Vocational Conleienco fo# Women THdufe will be art important iKieetifig TuetdAy ffdv 3 s-BROWNE
Benson Van Gorkum Walker Rcthelford Thompson Butchek Studebakcr Kessler Hi nth ipid Bollmnn Call mt if you can t be there —CRT EL
I uthcran Students Hallowe on party at the cluirth (10 Niilh Ninth strict at 7 10 p m on Sund ly Oelober 25 —WAfl ACE
Acromodetyrg Theie will be an important meeting at 7 30 p m Thursday, October 29 PUius for thi indoor contest will be com pleiid It r. important that weryono oomt —SMITH
Notices
Enlisted llescrve ‘rrlicants All btudonts who passed the Lnlisted llcscive Corps Unas physical examination prior to October 20 arc icquostrd to leport to Room IT i o£ the Aimory for a mpletion of their enlistment - GRAHAM
SCA Hoard Nomination of SCA officers will to held at 7 80 p m Tne^dory 06^ 27 Othei crtncal matters will be diseased
- MOQAVJERO
l'*liasc be piompt
Silver Mask There will be an important mcftinp at 7 30 p rti Tuesday, Oct 27 in i om 102 of the Union Be th^re —kau™an
Pistol Team Tryouts TTie following ctu dents lie iciucsiod to repoit to the Armoiy at 4 p m Monday October 26 to tiy out fri Iht pisfol team A F Butkovich D C C alter G I Dniily A X) Telknzfr W G Fischei r R Hmke L V McCabe R R IIooio S r Cullen ^ Smolek R P Wifi C I Wcir and F W -Willmm —BROWN
YWCA Cheek chai jx s in ei nslitiition ii "opy at YW oltiCL a sciri a possible -1 I irusoN
Undergraduate Dames Club. We have :oom 212 in the Union between thd Hours
Room 212 in the Union between thd Hours of '' and 7pm Saturday, Octobfi* 24, for visitinjx alumni —KORTE
Sf A Board Nomination of SCA ofTieeis Tuesday October 27 at 7 10 p m Otlui critu il matUis will be discus cd Please be prompt —MOGAVFRO
Money to loan on diamonds watches guns, luggage tsTiewnteiTB Albert's Loan Office, 107 Columbia
Typewriters—Adding Macn^nes, all makes sold, rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Mam, Lafayette Phone 2779
For Sale—Tuxedo Size 37 Reasonable Phone 35063
Lost—A gold Firm wrist wsUh See or call R A Robinson 41( N Chauncty Phone 6028
First Christian Church 9 30 A M —Homecoming session of the Chuich School 10 40 A M—Moining Woiship Seinion subject, “Once Upon a Time” 5 30 P MA-High School Endeavoi
lost—Brown Sh affti 1 fctime jen In ri vid "VI I Kiint? Rpwaid (7)0
M esley I oundation 9 30 A M — Student centei Church School will hold thiee classes “The Roots of Democracy”, taught by Rev E R Balsley, “The Histoiy of Methodism”, discussed by Pi of D H Patteison, and “For
the Living of These Days”, led by Mrs E R Balsley 10 42 A M—^Di Otto Scott Steele will preach on “The Chuich” at the Methodist Chuich The chuich choir will piovide special music 5 45 P M—Games and lecieation will be led by Bill Wilson in the iiimpus loom at the student center The Worship Service m charge of Builyn Michel, will hear Prof Fiank R Hall speak on “The World Tonight As It Looks To a Christian Student”.
Lost—One brown 1 ilhoi juket ^llcla^ Octobci 16 Phone 4r''0^ Rcwnid
« DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
pear Charles A. Halleck 2nd District Congressman REPUBLICAN RALLY Lafayette Armory
October 29 dt 8:00 P. M.
Baa
WELCOME“BCfME PUMDUE GRAD^f!
rf. e. mKMHBY co.t mti.
Odetcome, 'SJMjdA,
;’s great to see you back. The best of week'
ends to you a] GLEASON'S PIES
4. ^ w ,1 N i .I. w vv i-n r y v (A
OdhedL CL dcup pA,
^otbalL!
211 South St., West Lafayette
Phone 6839
^ ^ md Shades
Bleat Clattssne*
diofis^ 9 maksL ihs.
9 ynhu&sicL it
GRADS, don’t have a change of face—don’t spoil your week-
end by worrying over the game
This Fall, simplicity spells chic. Accessories provide that added excitement to a costume that mokes the whole fashion difference! All-importont is the correct towny shade in lovely Cloussner Hosiery. In keeping with the mode IS their sleek fit, their wonderful clear sheerness, their excellent wearing qualities. H.DD up
HOSIERY SHOP
STREET FLOOR
time driving difficulties.
mIL
jcl
YELLOW CiB
-- jamt A&SL JJuL JdrJq}§f. — 3071 - Phone - 5023
'ir
J
Hi