inrmjfnmnnnt'n
SMB
i4,
.7 -7-':%
V
r
' This'Newspaper Is Published! Each Morning By and For Students of Purdue University
1 ■ Purdue Exponent
SATURDUY February 12, IdS^ Loktyetfe, bidiana VOL. 40 No. 100
Cagers ISHeet Ohio State At Columbus
Emrick Announces Musical Ratings In Military Bands New musical ratings in the Purdue Military Bands were announced yesterday by Band Director Prof. P. S. “Spots” Emrick. He judged the band members on their proficiency in playing, knowledge and appreciation of music, harmony, instrumentation, conducting ability, and arranging. The new ratings are: Master Musician C. G. Bigelow. Chief Musicians C. A. Reichelderfer, F. C. Baa^e. Superior Musicians W. H. Deitch, C. M. Jorgeson, C. J. Camp, R. B. Newhouse, W. H. Smith, J. W. Claypool, R. P. Anthes, and I. K. Given. Principal Musicians R. D. Birge, M. W. Mahns, C. A. Heidbreder, J. N. Tait, J. T. Agnew, W. A. Hart, J. L. Hackleman, D. E. Hartley, and W. R. Woodward. ^ Musicians C. E. Widen, J. R. Wood, W. E. Houk, P. L. Mullin, E. R. Flack, K. T. Hilberg, R. W. Bonner, H. F. Schutte, M. L. Pinkerton, J. F. Stenberg, H. A. Todd, R. A. Krull, P. W. Winchell, and R. A. Spraker.
Tea-Dancing Holds Sway ,. ... In WRH, PI A Ranks This Afternoon Two St. Valentine tea dances will occupy the time of students this afternoon as the Women’s Residence Halls and the Purdue Independent Association present dances at different points on the campus. J. Robert Shinn will direct the PIA dance orchestra for PIA’s dance in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building from 3 to 5 this afternoon. Twenty eds signed up for the limited stag line will wear “broken hearts,” which will serve as tickets allowing them to cut in. One person of each couple will present identification and membership cards at the door for admittance. Recorded music will be played in the decorated recreation rooms of both Women’s Residence Halls for their annual St. Valentine’s Tea Dance from 4 to 7 this afternoon. Buffet suppers will be served in the dining rooms at 6:40 p. m. and at 6:20 p. m. Alberta Dinsford, of' South Hall, and Gaby Roe, social chairman of North Hall, are general chairmen of the dance. Ruth Angert and Marie Johnson are respectively chairmen of decorations and the buffet supper.
Greek Ball Dancers Strut Latest Styles Under Bright Lights By The Roving Reporter Slightly more than 4 0 0 couples enjoyed the rhythms of Frankie Masters at the Interfraternity Ball last night. Resplendent under the unusually bright illumination, those attending this first big formal affair since the Military Ball were taking advantage of their first opportunity in months to display the latest styles in formal attire.
More Work^ Less Play Faces Indiana Students
Boilermaker students may no longer be envious of their brother and sister collegians at Indiana University for their long and frequent vacations. Shortening of the downstaters’ Thanksgiving holiday from three days to one by the faculty on Tuesday afternoon sent stock of the institution tailspinning in the eyes of pleasure-minded students. But to add more grief and sorrow to the worries of Indiana students, the faculty lopped two days from their Christmas vacation and entirely eliminated the vacation between semesters. Lengthens Summer Rest Vacation clouds appeared brighter, however, when the students learned the new university calendar
would add two full weeks on to their summer intermission . . . now school will start a week later in September and will close a week earlier in June. Principal reason advanced for the shorter Thanksgiving -period was that Indiana is one of the only three schools in the Big Ten Conference which allow more than one day vacation at that time . . . Northwestern and Ohio State are the other two. “The main objective of the faculty was not to shorten vacations but to have a more compact school year,” one official said. “In this way it was hoped that higher scholastic achievement would result.”
Anyone Can Dance, Asserts Hanya Holm “Everybody can dance,” is the opinion of Hanya Holm, interpreter of the modern dance. With her proteges Miss Holm will demonstrate that art Tuesday night at 8 o’clock in the Jeff High School Gymnasium, as a feature of the University convocation series. “Many who have no intention of entering the professional fields of the dance are today discovering for themselves the joy of dancing as a remarkable exhilaration and release from daily routine,” says Miss Holm. Alpha Phi Omega Elects Alpha Phi Omega, Boy Scout honorary, elected the following officers for the second semester, Thursday night: E. J. Wadleigh, president; I. Gaston, vice-president; R. Mann, secretary; P. Srangoes, treasurer; H. N. Behrends, pledge chairman; J. E. Ahrens, historian; L. E. Morrison, alumni secretary; and W. H. Brown, publicity chairman.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Cloudy today. Occasional rain with rising temperature except in extreme Southwest. Yesterday’s Temperatures: From 10 p. m. Thursday to 10 p. m. last night: low, 33; high, 44; mean, 38.5
30 Out Of 38 Eds Found Fit For Flying
Thirty of the 38 University men examined this week for naval aeronautics work were pronounced physically acceptable yesterday by Lieut. Commander Paul R. Huber, of the Medical Corps., U. S. Naval Reserve, Glenview, 111. “This is an unusually high percentage of men to qualify physically for naval air service,” said Lieut. Commander Huber. “And Purdue men have shown up well in physical examinations year after year.” Some other midwestern universi-
ties qualify only 25 per cent of their meii, according to him. 16 Taken Last Year Sixteen Purdue men were taken to Glenview last year for training, but Lieut. Commander Huber was not certain how many would be accepted this time. The men spend a month in primary land instruction at Glenview, and then, if they pass an examination, go to Pensacola, Fla., for a year of varied training. “Purdue boys who have gone to Pensacola have made a very good
record,” said the Lieut. Commander. From there the men go to “the Fleet” for three years’ battleship and cruiser duty. During this time they receive $125 a month, room, board, and unform and upon graduation as an “aviation cadet” at the end of that period are given $1,500 in cash. ' As “reserve aviators” they are then assigned to the reserve squadron nearest their homes; some of them go into U. S. naval-duty. The majority become airline transport pilots at $400 a month and higher.
C. 0. Lee Children To Give Piano Concert Tomorrow’s Union music -room program at 4 o’clock will feature Ruth and Noel Lee, children of Dr C. O. Lee of the pharmacy school, in a concert of piano selections. Ruth and Noel are 12 and 13 years old respectively, and both are in the 8th grade. They have each studied music since they were five years old. The children will play the following piano selections: Gavatte (from fifth French Suite) Bach Fantasia in G Minor . Mozart Ruth Lee Prelude and Fugue in C sharp Major Bach Nocturne . . Chopin On Wings of Songs Liszl Noel Lee To Spring Greig J une Ts chaikowsky Les Sylvians . Chaminade Ruth Lee May Night .. . Palm Green La Fille aux Cheocux de Lin , . De Bussy Feux-Fallets Phillip Noel Lee Waltz (from Suite for two pianos) Arensky Ruth and Noel Lee
Indianapolis Band Plays For Mixer Dancers Tonight Starring three singers. Chic Myers’ 10-piece band will provide music for mixer dancers tonight. Costing the regular price of one dollar per couple, the dance will be held in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12 p. m. Chic and his orchestra have been more or less regular rhythm makers for Hoosiers at the Indiana Roof, Indianapolis, where he has played since 1929. The backdrop used for the Interfraternity Ball last night will be in evidence. Clasped hands, circled by the phrase “Interfratemity Friendship and Loyalty” are painted on the “ drop in two shades of blue. Glenn Merriam Accepts Position On WLW Staff . Glenn Merriam, of Toledo, Ohio, a January ’38 graduate of the school of electrical engineering and a member for three years of the WBAA staff, recently accepted a position as program coordinator for WLW and WSAI at Cincinnati. His duties include routing of programs, assignment of studios, contacting radio artists, and other details of a similar nature. Merriam was particularly adapted for his new position, as he was the originator and director of WBAA high school guest programs. He also served in the capacity of coordinator for the local station.
Research Men Attack Blind Flying Problem
Editor’s Note: This is the third of a series of articles on research activities at Purdue. Articles of a similar nature will be published two or three times a week.
By H. I. Stanback Aviation’s chief bugaboo since it’s infancy has been the necessity for blind flying. When a pilot’s instincts disagree with his instruments, some psychological quirk has the habit of leading him to trust in his instincts and end up in a pile of smoking airplane parts, thus defeating the efforts of thp instru-ment-designing engineer. “How can we remedy this deplorable situation?” a couple of interested Purdue research workers
asked themselves. “It’s simple,” they optimistically assured themselves, “we’ll just gjve the pilots a television picture of the airport that they are trying to hit.” Work Several Years That’s just what they set out t'o do, and what they are now perfecting equipment for doing. Professor R. H, George, of the Engineering Experiment Station, and his associates H. J. Heim and F. de Bey have been working several years now on this project, and hope to have it in working shape soon. The funny looking aluminum boxes with the copper “squirrel
cages” sticking out, which have been cluttering up the campus in back of the EE Building, are part of the equipment. The big wooden box on top of the EE Building is supposed to represent the airplane. Transmitters To Receivers In reality t^ie funny-looking apparatuses on the campus are small short wave transmitters, with parabolic antennae, and the box on the roof houses a television receiver of special design. A pilot flying a plane equipped with this “televisor” will be able to look into a screen on his instrument panel and see what look to be
beacon lights marking the runway of his airport. Really they are only spots of light received from these transmitters. The outfit has been perfected so that these spots act in just the same way that lights would, and are just as useful to the pilot as a night view of the field would be. Visible At 10 Miles This telephotic view will be visible to pilot§^ as far as 10 miles away from the field. Of course, the regular beam methods of guiding planes will be used in conjunction with this television. Regular beam (Continued on page 4)
Risk First Place Tie In Contest With Buckeyes Take advantage of Exponent service and call 5037-5038 for results of tonight’s game with Ohio State. Risking their conference-leading tie with Northwestern, “Piggy” Lambert’s Boilermakers will meet the speedy Ohio State team tonight at Columbus. The Buckeyes are a tough team to beat on their home court, and unless the Purdue squad can hit its early season stride, tonight’s game may be uncomfortably close. During practice this week, Lambert’s squad has seemed to loosen up from lastVeek-end’s game. The players have been hitting the basket in better fashion and are in good shape f^ tonight’s game.
Ohio Is Fourth Ohio State holds fourth place in the Western Conference race with four wins and three defeats. The Buckeyes nosed out Chicago in a 3634 thriller Monday night. Hull, who holds down second place in the conference scoring honors, should pace the Ohio State team in its offensive play. On defense the Buckeyes can boast Jim McDonald, who is recognized as one of the best defensive players in the conference. He will undoubtedly have the job of guarding Jewell Young in tonight’s encounter. In his bid for defensive honors he has opposed Townsend of Michigan, Dehner of Illinois, and several otiier scoring aces, and will probably bother Young lyOhio Lacks Height With the Ohio State squad lacking the height the Boilermakers had to contend with against Indiana and Northwestern, Lambert may use the fast lineup which set such a hreath-taking pace in the first 11 games, before the Illinois upset at Illinois. \ Tonight Coach Lambert will start Sines and Young at forward, Anderson at center, and Malaska and Tom Dickinson or Beretta at guard. Industrial Education Leaders Confer Here N. B. Giles, regional agent for the office of education, Washington, D. C., and Allen T. Hamilton, state supervisor of trades and industi-y education, were here yesterday conferring with Dr. F. B. Knight and members of state teachers’ training staff. Problems of the state educational program and new developments in apprentice ti^aining, foreman training, evening schools, and part time education were among the topics discussed. In addition to Dr. Knight, membeVs of the state committee present were: Prof. L. M. Laubach and Prof. A. E. Schoettler, both of State 'teachers’ College, Terre Haute; and Professors Ammon Swope, H. G. McComb, O. F. Hall, Joseph TiflSn, and Russell Greenly? WBAA Announcing Staff Tryouts Start Monday Gilbert D. Williams, program director for WBAA, announced yesterday that students desiring positions on the announcing staff of Purdue’s radio voice may try opt for such positions from 2:30 to 4:30 p. m. Monday. These auditions, which will constitute the only chance for students to apply, will be held in the main studios of WBAA on the third floor of the Electrical Engineering Building.
Exponent Staff All associate editors, and as many sophomore workers as care to participate, will meet in the Exponent main office Sunday, February 13, at 2 p. m., to revise style sheet. —Manion, Brock.
Kiwanis Guidance Meeting Will Draw National Leaders An array of state and national leaders has been scheduled to appear on the program for the first annual Kiwanis Vocational Guidance Conference, to be held at the University next Saturday. r Guidance committeemen and officers of all of Indiana’s nearly 80 Kiwanis Clubs have been invited to attend the conference. Arrangements have been made by Professor R. J. Greenly, his committee, and the Lafayette host club. Luncheon Opens Conference A luncheon at 12 o’clock Saturday noon will open the conference. Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the division of education and applied psychology, will speak on “Vocational Guidance in the Educational Program.” Discussing the “Guidance Program in Evansville,” Ralph Irons, superintendent of Evansville schools will tell about the progress of the new trade school being developed in the southern Indiana town by means of the cooperation of labor, industry, and the schools. Climaxing the luncheon program, Earl Bedell, director of vocational education in Detroit, Mich., public schools and international Kiwanis guidance committeeman, will address the group on “Kiwanis Clubs at Work in Vocational Guidance.” PSA Marks First Year Tomorrow Tomorrow marks the first anniversary of the Purdue Student Alliance, whose principal objective, according to ex-chairman R. A. Buckles, is to “arouse student interest in topics not necessarily academic, but rather in topics of contemporary §nd national significance.” Dean of Men M. L. Fisher, when contacted yesterday, had this to say concerning PSA, “The Purdue Student Alliance has made a definite place for itself. It has shown itself to be a truly worthwhile organization in working for the good of the institution.” The Alliance has sponsored many speeches on current topics, principal among which was an address on the present Spanish War by Joe Lash, National Secretary of the Amei-ican Student Union. Stewart Will Direct Class In Conducting Albert P. Stewart, directoh of the University musical organizations, will teach a new class in music conducting every Tuesday afternoon from 3 to 4 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. The course will be open to all students interested, and will include instruction in |:roup singing and specialization and interpretation as u'sed in choirs, choruses, and glee clubs. It is a non-ci-edit course with no enrollment fee.THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Saturdcty. February 12# 1938
I
Freshman Interviews . • . ... on campus activities will be resumed for this semester at the first of next week, Union Vice President Jacobson tells us. To room F, across the hallway from the east Union desk, freshmen and transfer students or anyone interested in extracurricular work— may come for information and advice on the various student organizations. Counselors are Union workers and WSGA representatives . . . other organizations, including Student Senate, will be asked to offer their services. Their work is to search out the abilities and likings of University newcomers and then to suggest the activities in which the counselees might be most interested.
PSA Celebrates . . . ... a birthday tomorrow. One year ago the organization came to the Purdue campus as a “radical” society in the eyes of a number of conservative-minded persons . . . much of that taint has been removed as those persons became acquainted with PSA’s activities during the twelve-month. Certain narrow-minded individuals still class the Purdue Student Alliance as “radical,” but they are mostly persons who think in terms of labels and who have not open-niindedly considered the work of the group. A better term for PSA is “socially-minded,” as the efforts of its members to promote discussion 1^ national and world socio-economic problems wouM indicate. President Roosevelt paid a tribute to the American Student Union, of which Purdue’s Student Alliance is a chapter, in a letter to the national convention of the organization last December. Wrote the President: “The schools of our country, especially the colleges and universities, are expressions of democracy’s interest in youth. The fact that large groups of students, on their own initiative, are taking up national problems is evidence that our institutions of learning are getting results.”
the Purdue Exponent
CfolUdiate 'ipress dblMalrBtaesff MABIMM vasconsm Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for In section 1108, act of Oct 8, 1917, authorised Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly durinn the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions |8 per year; by mail |S.60. RB.RK.SNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 42SO Madison Ave New Youk, N. Y. CHICAGO - BOSTOn - LOS ANGELES - SAN FRANCISCO
Editor-In-f%Ief
BnsfncM Uuusrer
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. — J. B. Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schreeder, H. I. Stanbaek, D. K. Vance Editor's Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager— J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager. -R. B. Hensler Circulation Manager—..— - M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF . R. F. Obenchain , .. J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Wltwer
Editor Associate Editors
Editor... Associate Editors-
MAIN OFFICE 812 N, Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind, Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offeial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Night Editor—Stanbaek Issue Editor—Terrio Saturday, February 12, 1938
Freshien Beat lllini Team In Swim Heel Purdue’s freshman swimming team emerged victorious over the Illinois freshmen by a final score of 39 to 36, in a telegraphic swimming meet held yesterday afternoon, according to Prof. F. R. Eastwood, freshman swimming coach. The score, with the exception of the 220 yard free-style and the 400 yard relay, totaled Illinois 31, and
Purdue 23. No times on these events were received from Illinois, and as it was agreed upon that these two events were to be included in the meet, Illinois thereby forfeited these two events. This added 16 more points to the Purdue score, 8 for first in the 400 yard relay and 8 points for first and second in the 220 yard freestyle. Illinois obtained their additional points for taking third in the 220 yard free style and second in the 400 yard relay which they received automatically. Placings in the events gave Pur-
due and Illinois both four firsts, four second places, and three third places; the difference in the final scoring resulting from the fact that various contests had different scoring values.
We’ve been, watching the progress of construction of the “Dog House” the Betas ar^ building and are quite pleased to report that the thing’s finished . . . and parked out on the Beta lawn. Not knowing what they’re waitin’ on, we suppose they intend it for periodic use . . . i. e. when a Beta gets especially pernicious (but that is silly, for whoever heard of a Beta being pernicious?) he’s to be confined to the dog house for some period. SAD STORY Date Late No corsage Big barrage No car Walk far Feet burn His ’n hern Ticket Gone Left at Home . . . Date gone Hope gone ALL GONE This Hauptli gal, who is quite a bowler, smokes a corn-cob pipe, and strides like a man, thought she could fool the public. Her room at the hall, is covered with cartoons from Esquire magazine. Guess she thot she could fool the public into believing she was more masculine than appearances indicate. But she made a mistake . . . some
CANDY BARS 3 f.r lOc GOM ^AfrSf 3 for 10c
Velvet, tin
Regular 5c
Value
TOBACCO™”''"”"
PENCILS
COOKIES
CANDY RAZOR
10c
1c
19c 19c lOc
ORANGESi«“'i..22'/4( TEXAS Grapofroit ( f 0 I 1 9 C
5c
Chocolate
Sandwich, lb.
Chocolate Stars, lb.
Blades,
package of 10
BREAD JELLY
Pound
Sliced Loaf
12 oz. Jar 6 varieties
tOc
• the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue student PROFESSIONAL
Tjhe Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DB. HAROLD J. BISK DR. ROBERT G. BISK DB. LUTHEB A. BISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119'/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LTLEE. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry StOpposite Post Office — Confectionery — Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glotz's Confectionery Mcrin ond Sixth Sto.
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPEEBHDW. 822 MAIN — Florist — Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at ?tli Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most excluxive •ssortment of eorsasres available to Pnrdne Stadenta. 527 Main Phone 5432
Locksmith
CARTER for Keya — Locka — General Bepairinc Knife and Scisaor Grinding New L.CJ7. and Norton Door Chceka Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
Office Statlonciy . . Wcddini Invitalioni
PHONE Sale, Book., Elc.... 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRy
— Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP — Dine —
Jludifi.
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Llndbargh Road
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘It was a hit-run driver—but I got his number!’
of the cartoons were pasted over the door of the closet. Either the cartoons aren’t there all the time or she doesn’t use the closet. We have not decided which it is yet.
And they tell us that Sal Palma is going to piopose to Marge Stairett in eveiy state of the union as his part in the All-Campus Show. Knowing Sal, we can’t figure why he had to try out for a part like that.
MMm —STARTS TOMORROW—
Drama of a Shopgirl and a Millionaire ... glorified by two great stars!
csinieii
with Alan Curtis * Ralph Morgan
— LAST DAY — “THRILL OF A LIFETIME” with Ben Blue Judy Canova Betty Grable—Johnny Downs Dorothy Lamour
ARC
—LAST DAY— 6UYS1 eiLsi eiesi GUFFAWS GALOREI
and
..THE TtlltEE Aesquiteeki
—Also— “DICK TRACY” SERIAL —PLUS— ‘BETTY BOOP” CARTOON
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
ALL WEEK STARTING TOMORROW
-y -iw Dorothy Lamour, Jon • Hall, Mory [Attor, C. Aubrey .Smith. From the Jtory by the outhjbr», of "Mutiny W^fhejgunty
—LAST DAY— WARNER OLAND in “CHARLIE CHAN AT MONTE CARLO” — and — GLORIA STUART in CHANGE OF HEART”
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
Come and cheer college life in the Rah!!
—TODAY— 2 FIRST RUN HITS
PRESTON FOSTER SALLY. EILERS in EVERYBODY’S DOING IT —PLUS— PORTIA ON TRIAL with WALTER ABED FRIEDA INESCORT^Saturday. Febtuanr IZ> 1939
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
• %
i
Three Athletic Squads Meet Opponents Here Today
Swimming, Water Polo Teams Face N. U. Wildcats In Inaugural Big Ten Events
Coach Larry LaBree's varsity swimming team faces Northwestern today at 2:30 p. m. in what will be the inaugural mieet for the new Fieldhouse pool. It will be the first conference meet of the season. The Northwestern team, coached by Tom Robinson, boasts some fine talent, beaded by Captain Dan Zehr, holder of the 160 yard backstroke championship apd former conference, National AAU, and NCAA champion. Following the meet, the Wildcat’s conference co-championship water polo team will attempt to “sink” the Boilermakers. With every member of last year’s team back, the Northwestern team should put on quite a show. Beg Your Pardon The mixer which yesterday’s Exponent erroneously dated last night will be held tonight. Instead of starting February 17, the Ag winter short course is half over. It began January 17.
Interfraternity Badminton Results Winners Losers Kappa Sigma - Pi Kappa Phi Beta Sigma Psi Sigma Chi Tau Epsilon Phi Sigma Alpha Ep. Alpha Tau Omega Alpha G. Rho Tau Kappa Epsilon Theta Chi Alpha Kappa Lambda Sigma Nh Phi Delta Theta Pi Kappa Alpha High School Games Jeff 25, Crawfordsville 18. West' Side 47, Flora 20. Frankfort 39, Horace Mann 26. Lebanon 35, Delphi 30. Muncie 25, Wabash 18. Columbus 38, Rushville 30. Shortridge 35, Franklin 29. New Albany 33, Richmond 24 Central (Evansville) 85, Bloomington 28. Martinsville 40, Connersville 20. Kokomo 32, Logansport 21. Vincennes 27, Bedford 23.
Widener & Sering Reasonabie Prices on FURNACES AND PLUMBING 115 E. State St., W. L. Phone 7044
In the UNION CLUB Every Room ATTRACTIVELY FURNISHED with Private Bath, Telephone and Modern, Comfortable Furniture
IMMACULATELY CLEAN
Please Your Guests by Making Reservations I ’ JfuL fiWhdjujL WmuoucxL lAjniofL Corner of the Campus^Yet the Center of Activities
Is Leader In Lambda Chi's Track Victory
David W. Rankin, of Lambda Chi Alpha, proved to be the one-man track team that captured the first annual interfraternity track and field meet held Wednesday, Thursday, and yesterday evenings in the Fieldhouse. In capturing'^ firsts in the 60 yard dash, 60 yard low hurdles, and 60 yard high hurdles, Rankin captured 15 of his fraternity’s 20 points. However, going into the final event, the pole vault, the Lambda Chi’s were faced with the possibility of Phi Sigma Kappa taking first and second in this event and winning the meet. Lambda Chi Campbell took good care of this situation when he beat out both Witsman and Smoker, Phi Sig vaulters, to clinch the victory. Scores The scores of fiaternities in oidei of their finish were: Lambda Chi 21; Phi Sigma Kappa, 15%; Kappa Sigma, 14; Phi Gamma Delta, 12; Alpha Chi Rho, 11; Beta Theta Pi, 9; Phi Kappa Sigma, 6; Delta Tau Delta, 6; Phi Kappa Psi, 5; Alpha Tau Omega, 5; Sigma Alpha Epsilon, 5; Alpha Gamma Rho, 4; Kappa Delta Rho, 4; Theta Chi, 3; Pi Kappa Alpha, 2%; Sigma Nu, 2; Pi Kappa Phi, 1; and Alpha Kappa Lambda, 1.
Frosh Trackmen To Meet Varsity Purdue’s track team will undergo its first test of the season this afternoon as the varsity squad meets the freshman team in the Fieldhouse. The Fieldhouse has been madd ready for coming track meets by taking out all but the south basketball stands. A meet with North Central was originally scheduled for today, hut after it was di^ipped from the list Coach Phillips substituted this interteam meet to get the varsity in shape for the triangular meet next Saturday with Wisconsin and Chicago. This meet next week will inaugurate Big Ten track competition in the new Fieldhouse. Expect Clo^e Battle Those members of both squads who were asked their opinion of the outcome of the contest all seemed to think it would be a close battle. Art Bodeau, varsity half-miler, was confident of victory but “Red” Luther, junior quarter-miler said, “It won’t be any pushover, but we ought to win.” The freshmen base part of theii hopes on Holdernian, who has been giving the varsity distance men some grey hairs as they think of his competition next year, and who is conceded the distance events by many of the trackmen. Weber, another first year man, is slated to win the shot put, and Verink has been showing up with a lot of promise in the high jump and the broad jum|). Rankin, Clevett, and Reeves are also other yearling threats to the prestige of the varsity.
Special Values White and Fancy Shirts, Assorted Sleeve Lengths, 14 to 17 $1.00 Ty Best Ties, all colors, guaranteed .55c to $1.00 Men’s All Leather Bags and Cases $6.50 to $25.00 Ladies Over-Nite Cases $1.00 to $10.00
THIEHE & WANGERIN CO. New Location 622-628 Main St.
Squash, Fencing Squads Out To PrStect Records Boilermaker squash and fencing teams are on the road tod?iy as the squash team invades the South to meet Louisville and Fort Knox, and the fencers journey north to face Northwestern at Evanston. The Purdue squash team, composed of Lucek, Sokolowski, Linn, Wakefield, and Juve, will meet the Pendennis Club this afternoon in Louisville. This evening they will journey to Fort Knox and meet a team of officers in an attempt to keep their record sibove the .500 mark. At present the team has won six meets while losing five. Coach Finney’s rapidly improving fencing team will match touches with Northwestern, hoping to run its string of victories to five consecutive triumphs, following successive wins over Illinois, Ohio State, Chanute Field, and Notre Dame.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Boilermakers Face Wheaton Wrestlers Purdue’s wrestlers are scheduled to grapple with Wheaton College, present Illinois State champs, this afternoon at 2:30 in the Fieldhouse. This will be the second encounter with the Wheaton team for this season. In their first meet, Purdue was pinned by a 28-6 score. Although the wrestling team has had the misfortune to be on the short end of the score in all their meets, they have shown a steady improvement. This is indicated by the scores of each succeeding meet. C. E. Dammon Conduds Radio Program Classes C. E. Dammon, of the personnel department, is conducting two classes in the fundamentals of radio piogram building at Fort Wayne. These classes are under the auspices of the extension division of Indiana University and in cooperation with station WO WO.
ALLE sen##!, mw i^Ct LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTL^ ADULT BEGINNER’S CLASS OPENS WEDNESDAY, FEB, 16, 7:30 P. M. NEW ADVANCED CLASS OPENS FRIDAY, FEB. 18, 7:30 P. M. CHILDREN’S BALLET AND TAP CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, FEB. 19th PHONE 2150 l»,
Frozen Food Lockers Plans win be presented for plant to process meats, berries, bruits and vegetables by quick freezing and storage in individual lockers. .College Inn Cafeteria Phone 2971 for information or to have representative coll on you Rental blanks may be filled in at Purdue State Bonk
FEBRUARY CLEARANCE SALE SHIRTS, white and colors 9Bc PANTS, in the latest patterns $2.98 up SWEATERS, all wool ^.$2.98 PAJAMAS, cotton or flannel $1.19 SOX, wool or silk, 3 pairs $1.00 SHORTS AND TOPS 25c
224 Main St.
Reliable Clothing Co
224 Main St.
FROSTED FOOD LOCKERS NOW RENTING SES OUR OTHER AD IN THIS EDITIONI
mm
IS'
I#-
»■
i
I
■!
'‘iS:
'iUilll.lB|,'l}
THE PURDUE EXPdMENT
Saturday. February 12# 1^38
Research Men Attack— (Continued from page 1)
methods are not enough in themselves, however, since they ai’e not accurate enough nor easy enough to follow at short distances away from the airports. Prof. George and his associates hope to be able to try out the new outfit in a plane during the spring. They expect by then to have the outfit perfected so that the transmitted spots of light can be limited to mere pinpoints at 10 miles, and get larger as the plane approaches the airport.
ChE Honorary Will Show Celite Movie
“Celite, the Story of the Diatom,” a movie filmed for the Johns Manville Co., will be showm in room 10(5 of the Chemistry Building on Monday afteimoon at 4 o’clock. Celite is used as boiler insulation, filter aid, and a flattener for paint. Diatomaceous earth is the common name for this material, which is composed of the skeletons of small marine organisms. Phi Lambda Upsilon, chemical engineering honorary, is sponsoring the show, which is open to the public.
Adivities Bureau
Reopens Hex! Week
After being closed since the semester exams, the Purdue activity Bureau, sponsored by the Student Union, will reopen Monday afternoon. The bureau, which is located next to the browsing room in the Memorial Union Building, will be open from 4 to 5:30, from Mondays through Fridays.
WSGA Sophoijfiore Training School: Meetings will continue, February 15, at 4:15
-STEWART.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: The Johns-Mans-ville Company will show their movie on Celite February 14.'in room 106 of the Chemistry Building at 4 p. m. —SANDERS.
Strong Vocational Guidance Tests: Results are available until February 12 at room 202 cf the Michael Golden Shops. —RISING.
Flying Cadet Applicants: The special fly ing cadet examining board will be at Purdue from February 21 to 26. Persons interested in taking training as a flying cadet should see me at the Armory before February 21. —HAYFORD.
University Students: Activities Bureau will reopen February 14, at 4 p. m. —JACOBSON.
WSGA Activity Committee: Interviewing begins in office February 14 at 4 p. m. —JONES.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Obtain dance bids from me at Triangle house before February 17. —ROBY.
Purdue Union of Jewish Youth: Buffet supper February 13, at 6 p. m. at the Jewish Progress Hall. —KOENIGSBERG.
Of Thee I Sing: Rehearsal for principals and all choruses except show girls in tower room of Union at 3 p. m., February 13. —WORCESTER.
Freshmen Engineers: Engineering lectures meet February 12 as follows; Division A—Civil Engineering Building, Division B— Michael Golden Shops. Division C—Electrical Engineering Building, Division D—Mechanical Engineering Building. Occupy seats assigned. —KNAPP.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in room A of the Union Building at 7 :30 p. m. February 15. —WINTER.
Purdue Union of Jewish Youth: Tryouts for the play will be held February 15, at 7 p. m. 'in room F of the Union. —SIMON.
WAA Volleyball: Games to be played February 14; 4 p. m. freshman 1 vs. sophomore 1 ; 4 :30 p. m. junior vs. sophomore 2. Games to be played February 16: 4 p. m. senior vs. freshman 2 ; freshman 3 vs. sophomore 2 ; 4 ;30 p. m. freshman 1 vs. junioi'. —RODERICK.
Camera Club: All members interested in obtaining passes to Playshop’.s camera night must do so between 1 p. m. and 4 p. m. February 12. No more passes will be obtainable after that time. Play.shop doors will open at 6 :30 p. m. February 13. Performance starts at 7 :30 p. m. —WILLIAMSON.
WAA Volleyball: Following are class teams as of February 12: Freshman (1)— Spry, Thomas, Beisel, Fishleigh, Douglas, Heilman, Sholty, Smith, White, Rieman, McLean, Butz. Freshman (2)—Gregor, Gustafson, Kesler, Gault, Horn, Warren, Stickler, Boyd, Keltner, Kepner, Hugle, Pray. Freshman (3)—Swift, Voelkel, McMath, Walker, Fosbrink, Gabler, Ketchem, Holden, Hauser, Blind, Schlitter, Jones. Sophomore (1)—Mermelstein, Clymer, Mounce, Roderick, Cook, Angert, Phillips, Sefton, Holtman, Little, Martin, Crankshaw, Raebig. Sophomore (2)—Schroder, Hoover, Walker, Beck, Spicher, Spears, Burton, Billings, Davison, Weishaar, Bouton, Sexton, Rice. Junior—Shaffer, Blank, Harry, Vandivier, Campbell, Meier, Christenson, Knoolman, Bailey, Dobson, Gibbs, Silver, Swick, Overstreet. Senior—Jackson, Delaplane, Dobson, M. Campbell, Patterson, Doyle, Banta, Jenk-
-RODERICK.
Student Book Exchange: Students holding receipts on the Book Exchange must present them for oayment at the Student Union
WB A A Programs
-Today-
11 :00—Just Kids. 11:16—Don’t Listen. 11:30—High School Guest Program. 12:00—Tune Time, Chas. Powell. 12:15—Footnotes on the Headlines, Prof. Frank Hall. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Market Reports. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—Olive Lewis, pianist. 2:00—Campus Customs. 2:16—Melody Moments. 2:30—Stamp Club of the Air. 2:46—Rhythm Review. 3:00—Campus Varieties.
Epworth Leagues Will
Swap Programs Sunday
Teams of students from Purdue and Indiana Universities will exchange services in conducting the Epworth League programs of each University tomoi'row evening. A team of four or five students from Indiana will take charge of the program at the West Lafayette Methodist Episcopal Church. At the same time representatives of the Purdue Epworth League will conduct the evening’s program in the First M. E. Church in Bloomington.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. /
FOR RENT—Garage. $2.60 per month. Telephone 2648 at 216 Chauncey avenue, West Lafayette.
WANTED—Two students to share two-rbom apartment in the Varsity Apartments. Call 61413.
FOR SALE—^Underwood typewriter for sale $5.00. Call 65174.
It takes these two to make a
Dry Cleaning Bargain
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry dt Moderate Prices
Monite Moth-proofing Process to insure your Wool Garments against moth damage and Formprest Suit Pressing to give your Garments the correct styling in pressing.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHE
WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
You can save 10% on your laundry work by bringing it to our West Lafayette Office, 132 Vine Street, and calling for it.
We also solicit your Dry Cleaning and guarantee workmanship
and service.
For pick up and delivery service phone 3085 and our driver will call.
AMERICAN LAUNDRY