\
Purdue
Z-1S5
Vplume 5L No. 42
Exponent
Saturday. October 28, 1939
Osbor'ne Will Play For Mixer Friday “Slide music” as originated and played by Will Osborne will form the theme of the Homecoming mixer next F'riday night, November 3, in the Union ballroom. Price is one dollar. Osborne’s “slide music” is the only musical style that is patented by the United States Patent Office in Washington, and is evidently achieved by a particular glissando tone obtained from an unysual combination of three trombones and three slide trumpets. Noon Today Set As Deadline For CAA Co-ed Applications Co-eds interested in ithe training offeied by the Civil Aeronautics Authority should see Miss Ruth Houghton, head of the placement service fei women, m her office in the Executive building by neon today. C. Stanley Meikle of the Research Foundation recently announced that CAA has authorized the University to allot a small part of its training for students to women. At least two qualified co-eds will be chosen to take the training. Qualifications An applicant for the CAA must have reached her 18th but not her 25th birthday on September 1,1939; must be enrolled as a full-time day student; must have had no solo flying experience; and must have the consent of her parent or guardian. Academic standing, class seniority, personality, physical qualification, and aptitude will come under consideration. The couise will provide a 72-hour ground school course plus two houis of flight instruction each week CAA pays $310 and the student’s expense is only $34 for the tiaining. firs! Mid-Week Union Tea Dance Sclieduled For 31st First Union tea dance of the year is scheduled for next Tuesday at 4 p. m. in the ballroom. Music for the affair will be provided by name bands via recordings. A questionnaire sent out to determine the best time to have tea dances resulted in student opinion to the effect that mid-week relaxation in the form of tea dances was the thing most needed. As a result, Union tea dances will be mid-week affairs from now on. No admission will be charged but students are urged to bring their passpoits for identification purposes, as the affair is restricted to University students. Since stags are permitted to attend, the committee in charge has issued a special invitation to stagettes.
Sockman To Speak At First Religious Convo Tomorrow Dr. Ralph W. Sockman, pastor of Christ Church in New York City, will address an expected capacity crowd at the first monthly religious convocation of the year, to be held Sunday morning at 10:30 in Fowler Hall. Dr. Sockman has appeared on the campus three times previously, each time receiving tremendous student and faculty approval. His subject this year will be “God and the American Way.” The University choir of 180 voices will sing at this convocation under the direction of A. P. Stewart, University vocal director. According to Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman of the committee on arrangements, the Purdue convocations for worship are unique. Few, if any other, state universities give so much attention in this particular way to the religious life of the students. Purdue’s religious convocations began in September, 1934, and since that time the attendance and interest has grown steadily. Students are urged to come early if they wish to obtain seats. Hazel Whitman Will
Ina Ray Hutton
. . . who with her new all men band will play for the mixer in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12 tonight. Miss Hutton plays both the clarinet and piano and usually combines a tap dance with her conducting of the orchestra. Regular,one dollar prices will prevail.
Talk On Neutrality Forensic Honorary
At Fellowship Forum Hazel Whitman will speak on the present status of neutrality legislation Monday, October 30, at 7:30 p. m., in the reception room of the Union. Miss Whitman’s talk, sponsoied by the University Peace Fellowship, will follow a cafeteiia supper in the reception room at 6 p. m. According to Peace Fellowship officials, members of the local peace oiganizations are invited to attend the supper, while the general public is invited to attend the talk. Miss Whitman, a representative of the Keep America Out of War Congress* has done extensive social and peace wprk, and has been recently studying the problems of tenant farmers in Tennessee. On Sunday, November 5, the Peace Fellowship, in conjunction with the Wesley Players, will present the play “If This Be Treason” in the Jefferson High school auditoiium. Tickets for reserved seats may be obtained free of charge by calling 6261. Dr. Shrewsbury ... of the University departments of agricultural chemistry and animal husbandry, has been appointed a member of the committee of the National Livestock and Meat Board Grants of the National Research Council.
Schedules Second / Forum Thursday Tau Kappa Alpha, national foiensic honoiary, will hold its second forum of the year Thuisday, November 2, at 7.30 p. m m the faculty lounge of the Union. The question to be discussed will be, “What Shall We Do About the Activities of Un-American Groups?” Prof. J. W. Robinson of the department of history and economics and Rev. Harry Parker, formerly state chaplain of the American Legion, will be the speakers for the evening. After the addresses there will be an open forum with opportunity for questions and opinions from the floor. PI A Tea Dance . . . will be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union this afternoon. All important plays and scores will be announced during the dance over the public address system. Co-eds will be admitted free and are especially invited to come. The dance will be held from 3 to 5:30 p. m. Members will be admitted free, nonmember eds will be charged 10 cents. There will be a limited number of stags and cutting only between dances.
By Donna Siess Women graduates of the class of 1939 are “finding their place in the sun” as announcfed by Miss Ruth Houghton, director of the Placement Service for Women. Many of these graduates are engaged in the profession for which they received training here. Among the girls from Lafayette, not previously announced, who have found employment are Mary Jane Bauer, teaching in the New Carlisle High school; Mary E. Burnell, employed in- the First Merchants Bank of Lafayette} Mary Elizabeth Callison and Jesse Graham in the Lafayette public schools; and Margaret Dicks, who is doing home service work in Chicago. Driscoll At Indianapolis Betty Driscoll is employed at H. P. Wasson Company, Indianapolis, and Jane Hall is a laboratory technician at the Home Hospital. Alice Hariington and Elizabeth Maier are teaching in the Eagle Pine High school at Syracuse and the Twelve
Mile High school, respectively, and Virginia Kungel is a laboratory technician at St. Vincent’s Hospital in Toledo, O. Interesting occupations have been found by West Lafayette girls in addition to those listed previously. Home service work with the Atlantic Gas and Light Company of Atlanta, Ga., is holding the attention of Jean F. Bailey, while Audrey Cason is assistant seed analyst at Purdue University. Barbara Gibbs and Mary Schoonover nre teaching at Lebanon and Rossville, respectively. Mary Wien has a position as home economist with the National Livestock and Meat Board at Chicago, while Mrs. James McChntock, formerly Ruth Wiley, is employed in the Career Girl Shop at Marshall Field and Company, Chicago. Foods Assistant Employed as foods assistant at the Shaker Heights Country Club in Shaker Heights, O., is Mary Eliza-
Riveters Battle Santa Clara Today In Intersectional Tilt
Teams Meet In Kezar Stadium;
Women Grads Of 7939 Class Are Successful In Obtaining Employment; Let's Look At The Record
beth Yeager. Mrs. Elizabeth Leer and Kathryn Merritt are teaching in the West Lafayette High schools. Elizabeth Hiner and Rubydell Wilson are finding their places as food apprentices in the residence halls at the University of Michigan dnd Harding’s Restaurants, Chicago, respectively. Marjorie Pierce is head of the fountain service for the F.W. Woolworth Company in Lafayette; Marjorie Poor is consultant in the art goods department of Carson Pirie Scott and Company, Chicago, and Katherine Pultz is laboratory technician at the Hackley Hospital in Muskegon, Mich. Marjorie Rogers is assistant technician at the Arnett Clinic, while Florence Senour is occupied with home service work in New Castle. Alberta Thelen is a demonstrator for the Burnham Manfacturing Company in Ghicagd, and Helen Trieschmann is a dietetics interne at St. Anthony’s Hospital, Oklahoma City, Okla.
Debris Will Raise Prices; Buy Now Buy your Debris now and save 50 cents! The price deadline has been set for November 10, at which time the price will go from $4 to $4.50. According to R. C. McNeil, business manager of the yearbook, there will be absolutely no extensions for the convenience of tardy purchasers. Walters Will Speak At Activties Round Table Tuesday At 7 Dr. J. E. Walters, director of personnel for the University, will be the main speaker at Activities Bureau’s third Activity Round Table, to be held in the faculty lounge of the Union at 7 p. m. next Tuesday evening, October 31, according to Jack Stewart, junior manager of the bureau. This round table, the third in a series to be held this year, should be of interest to all students who are engaged in activities or who plan to enter a University activity for the subject to be discussed will be “Personnel and Student Activities.” Other Speakers Other speakers on the program include Robert Fuller, personnel director of the Lafayette branch of the Aluminum Company of America, who will represent the business side of student activities; DaveBrubeck, of Student Union; Ann Sickman, WSGA; and Herb Fishburn, of Student Senate. Dr. Walters, a past president of the Union, has been prominent in the University’s activities for some time. He plans to discuss past experiences of vaiious activities, their merits, and give suggestions for improvements. A limited number of invitations have been issued, but they will not be necessary for admittance. All fraternity officers and other students interested in activities are welcome. Graduates Attending Teachers' Institute Gather At Banquet Graduates teaching throughout the state gathered at the University banquet last night in Indianapolis, where they are now attending the State Teachers’ Institute. The banquet, held at the Columbia Club, attracted approximately 500 per-
sons.
The program arranged for the grads included talks by President E. C. Elliott; Qeorge Ade, ’87 grad, playwriter and author; Dr. LUlian M. Gilbreth, engineer and professor of management at the University; and Dean Emeritus Stanley Coulter of Indianapolis, for many years dean of men and dean of the Science School. John W. Wheeler, Crown Point, University trustee and former member of the Indiana State Highway Commission, was toastmaster. The Men’s Glee Club, directed by Albert P. Stewart, sang during the dinner. Part of the program was broadcast from 6:30 to 7 o’clock over WIRE, Indianapolis, and for 15 minutes over the NBC network.
400 Copies
... of Time’s “Background For War” still remained in the Exponent office after most of the books had been distributed with Wednesday’s Exponent. These will be placed at the main Union desk today for free distribution while they last.
WBAA Will Air Game At 4 P. M.
}e\
PROBABLE LINEUP
PURDUE Position - Rankin ...LE Potter LT Bykowski LG Morningstar C
SANTA CLARA Lacey Toomey O’Connor
Schiechl
Verplank RG Hagan L. Johnson RT Stubler Mackiewicz RE Anahn Hennis , QB McCarthy Brown LH Johnson Brock RH Heiser DeWitte FB Roche Invading the far west for the first time in Boilermaker history, the Riveter grid forces will tangle with Buck Shaw’s Santa Clara eleven this afternoon at Kezar Stadium in San Francisco. Looked upon as one of the major intersectional battles of the day, this afternoon’s encounter will do much towatd deciding the old question of sectional football supremacy between the
middle and far west.
Santa Clara, coached by Buck Shaw, who is affectionately known as the “Silver Fox,” has piled up a very creditable record so far this season against some of the top ranking teams of the country. Opening their gridiron proceedings against Utah at Salt Lake City with
"“TO
Jack Brown, speedy Boilermaker halfback who has been “hors de combat” since the Notre Dame battle, will be a welcome addition to the Riveter squad today as he starts the game against the Santa Clara Broncos in San Francisco. Homecoming . . . decorations will be judged Friday afternoon or evening, November 3, and should be finished by noon for judging, it has been announced by Eth Baugh, alumni executive secretary. The committee for Judging is composed of Prof. G. M. Frier, chairman; Lloyd Moser, Mrs. John Morrison, and Miss Mary Wagner. NY A Checks . . . arrived yesterday, and workers may obtain their pay by calling at the cashier’s office in the Executive building.
A play-by-play account of the Purdue-Santa Clara football game will be broadcast by telegraphic report from WBAA beginning at 4 o’clock this afternoon. a tie, the Broncos returned home and dropped a very close battle to Texas A & M by a score of 7-3. A week later they tied San-Francisco, 13-13, and last Saturday whipped a powerful St. Mary’s eleven. Lack Of Reserves Lack of sufficient reserve strength has been the chief worry of the former Notre Dame star and present Bronco coach. His starting backfield presents plenty of scoring power, while the Santa Clara line IS a well balanced unit built around Johnny Schiechl, 220-pound, sixfoot center, but from then on Coach Shaw’s squad presents him with a large dose of headaches. The Boilermaker gridmen, although slightly worn from their 2,500-mile cross country jaunt, seemed in excellent condition for today’s contest. Both Jack Brown, the Riveters’ ambidextrous pass tosser, and Carl Verplank, veteran bulwark in the Boilermaker line, are expected to have recovered sufficiently from injuries that kept them out of last week’s game to see plenty of action against the lads from the west coast. Coach Elward sent his charges through a light workout yesterday afternoon on the greensward of Kezar Stadium in an effort to bring the Boilermakers to the peak of their mental and physical strength. During the journey westward light drills were held in Omaha, Neb., and Ogden, Utah.
Twe/ve Pie Devouring Pledges Wash Faces In Red Raspberries—Cosmeticians Aghast
By Shall Hinging more on capacity than on ability, the annual pie eating contest conducted by the Pi Kappa Phis and Pi Kappa Alphas m front of the Union last night for the entertainment and nourishment of their pledge classes was won by the champion Pi Kappa Phis, pie eating fools from way back and winners in last year’s contest. Strangely enough, one of the smallest men in the contest. Bob Swaim, staggered off with the consumer’s crown. Victory Banquet Triumphant Pi Kap neophytes held their victory banquet in the sweet shop immediately after the battle, and tried to settle their cargoes of red raspberiy pie with milk shakes and sundaes.
'Trophy for the victors, a bronze pie plate, was first offered in 19S6. Since then, each of the contesting houses has won it once. The contest ended in a tie in the second year of its existence. Six-Man Teams Six men from each house pax'ticipate in the fracas, and the low point total wins. Points are awarded on a basis of one for first place, two for second, three for thii*d, and so on until the 12th man hits the jackpot and takes 12 points. And now we wait with baited breath until next year when mother nature produces another crop of berries and the Pi fraternities produce another gang of guzzlers-V
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. October 28. 1939
Jhnsdi^ JaUc
Your Professor
But
Incidentally
... what do you really think of him, his teaching methods, and the classroom results which he obtains? Freshmen and juniors in the schools of engineering, science, and physical education a.re rated on personality traits in their freshman and again in their junior year by classmates, professors, and other associates. In line with the policy of Good Teaching, why not have students rate their professors, moving toward the goal of more effective teaching methods ? For years university professors and teachers have been rating and grading students. Now the tables are turned at the University of California, and students have found a way by which they rate faculty members. An anonymous group of California students have compiled a booklet called “Guide to Courses.” This candid, irreverent, yet informative booklet was sold for ten cents at a campus bookshop. The guide, rating all professors, sold 515 copies in very short order. Some sample ratings were: Ernest Orlando Lawrence: “Prefers cyclotrons to lectures.” Ronald L. Olson (methodical, oldtime anthropologist) : “Interesting material, old jokes, detailed memory examinations.” I. B. Cross (economics lA): “Grandstand lecturer ; lots of talk but facts creep in.” This report seems to have made a hit with the students, for now plans are being drawn up for the publication of a bigger and better “Guide to Courses.” According to reports from California, the faculty members do not object to this rating process. Says German Professor Franz Schneider, “Such student-controlled criticism might help the teaching staff considerably.” We agree one hundred per cent with Professor Schneider. This attitude has been shared by Dr. J. E. Walters, Prof. H. H. Remmers, and Prof. C. W. Beese, all of whom have had students rate them on some form of questionnaire sheet. The same student-rating idea has also been tried on various scales, and in various ways by many other professors and instructors. This is certainly a move in the right direction in the campaign toward the best ends of Good Teaching. We would propose a carefully planned comprehensive questionnaire, not for profit, which would be filled out by every student in the University regarding his professors. Faults and good points of each faculty member would be brought out in these reports.
By RomanofiF jf In our meager estimation we believe that comrade Vladimir has struck a new low in humor (?) with his “I-wish-I’d-have-said-that” department. .. As for UB, we’re neutral, we don’t care when Thanksgiving vacation starts . . . Until then, however, we will endeavor to install a “I’ve-never-been-in-there” department. .. We think that the two guys in the PSE school who have “never been in the Union” will make a nice board of directors for the new department . . . Having “never been in the Browsing Room” ourselves, we will undoubtedly be appointed librarian . . . Of course the guy who has “never been in Jake Welch’s back room” will get our votes for sergeant at arms. For raw recruits we will probably have to draw on the fellows that have “never been in Bldg. No. 2.”
He began finding little slips of paper everywhere . . . in his pockets ... in his megaphone ... in his books . . . under his pillow at night. All of them reading plainly and simply . . . “Go To Hell” . . . which was the way we all felt about it at that time. Now it appears that others are following in Stub’s feet prints.
Attention Cooper, Strong, Ii’v (of Irvan Maury), Charlie Murphy, Prof. Crowder, and others.
Beware!
Purdue Exponent R. E. Inriey Edltor-in-CWef W. E. Smith ..Bnainea* Manaxer D. G. Terrio BMitorial Director G. W. Frederick. Hanaxinx Editor E. B(. AntoBinL.-Scnior Adrertteinx Manaxer G. SehiUinx „Co-ed Editor R. JenkinB — Sporta Edtior niones: Editorial, 4005: BuBinesa, 5938; Sporta, 2792 Pabitahed daily except Monday durinx the academic year. Entered aa aeeond ciaaa matter at the poet office in/lAfayette, Indiana, under the Act of Conxreaa of March 8, 1879, and at the apecial rate of i>OBtaxe proTided for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, anthorixed Jafinary 20, 1922. National AdvertiBinx EcpreaentaUves: National Advertiainx Serriee, Ine.. dU aon Avenue, New York, N. Y, Member Asaociated CoUexiate Preas. This newspaper is written, edited, and publiahed by nnderxraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, urfesa otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsixned editorials are written by the Editorial Director. Delivered by carrier, $8 per academic year; by mail, $8.60. Business office located at 812 N. Fifth Street; editorial office. Union Buildinx: ajiorts office. Field House. Nixht Editor Willsey Issue Editor Smith
March Of Time Will Show Modern Language
Pictures Of Maginot line
“Inside the Maginot Line,” the first motion pictures ever taken behind France’s line of ingenious fortifications, obtained by the March of Time, will start tomorrow at the New Main Theater.
. . , Department Profs. J. L. Cattell, E. Brenes, 0; A. Greiner, J. T. Gunn, and D. H. Patterson attended the convention of the Indiana Teachers’ Association at Indianapolis Thursday, October 26.
' The privilege of filming these secret defense works, by which France hopes to stop any attack from the East, 'was granted March of Time’s editors by the French War Ministry. The film shows every phase of these fortifications and the life led by the 300,000 troops who are entrusted with this section of French defense.
LUMA
SUNDAY - MONDAY
RANDOLPH SCOn*NANCY KELLY CESAR ROMERO-BINNIE BARNES JOHN CARRADINE PLUS—2nd Feature
1 RONALD REAGAN LAST DAY
ROY ROGERS in
'Rough Riders Round-Up' — AND—EDWARD NORRIS
'THE ESCAPE'
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
M m SON iSA CMMmi
A Columbia Picture — WITH — ALAN BAXTER JACQUELINE WELLS —ALSO —
ioHERAMetR PlPgSwAW
SUNDAY - MONDAY
"CODE OF THE STREETS' 'STORY OF VERNON
AND IRENE CASTLE' COLOR CARTOON
umimu
STARTS SUNDAY
nuiutr^dsof
mm
SINGl
‘GoodMorning"I Cried Foi You I •'Babes In Arms j • P^£***®* k "Where Or / )q1wSn0ffi«A
with .
-LAST DAY — * Robert *Naii CUMIVliNGS • GREY
a^GLORIA JEAN
Ihe
^IfUKR-np'^
Last year during the basketball season some of the better men on the campus thought that it was about time to put the screws on certain shots around the “U” . . . namely Stubby Meier. This razzle-dazzle type of yell leading has got to stop . . . the idea of piling all the yell men up in the middle of the floor while everyone hoped and prayed that Stub would break his delicate little neck. The strain was too much ... so we started a demoralizing campaign against P. E. No. 1.
indicating good and bad teachers. We believe that most of these ratings would be consistent, and that poorer teachers could find ways of improving their classroom technique by carefully studying the student questionnaires. The results should prove most interesting. Last year the Student Senate organized a committee on student-faculty relations consisting of five staff members and six students. Surely this committee would be able to make valuable suggestions regarding such a questionnaire.
hAid
STARTS MIDKITE PREVUE TONITE
GAIL PATRICK* EDWARD ELLIS JOAN FONTAINE
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
KID FROM KOKOMO With WAYNE MORRIS Pat O'Brien - Joan Blondell -plussmuggled CARGO
GIIIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehty
While you sit dunking your toast in your coffee (for softening purposes, of course) and thinking about your date' tonite remember that there is at least one student who is worrying about your welfare . . . ’tis true. He hopes you will read his poem and take heed . . . —B&B— “Before I heard the doctor tell The dangers of a kiss I once considered kissing you The nearest thing to bliss But now I know biology And sit and sigh and moan Six million mad bacteria And I thought we were alone.” —Chas. Grotnes —B&B— And on to the news of the day . Andy Parker of “Acacia” saw fit to give an engagement ring to Kay Zentmyne last Tuesday. It won’t be long now ... he did seem like such a smart lad, too. —B&B— Anne Slocum has her wires crossed for one night this week-end, with two men on the string at once. We understand that she wrote one of them a very charming note, and we’ll do our best to obtain this bil-let-doux and unfold its contents to your waiting ears! —B&B— Pi K A, Jim Ashton, is “Dog House King” at his house now. The publicity tags he had printed for the pie-eating contest gave all the publicity to his competitors, the Pi Kappa Phis. The Pi Kappa Phis turned down the offer to trade two pledges for him. —B & B— Larry Miller of the Lambda Clii House decided to play duck last night. Our heavy Indiana dew was too much for him so he left the Union minus his shoes and socks ... Back to nature, Larry? —B&B-^ A new beauty has been located on the campus. She is Joan B. Roth,
‘He wants me to give up my career and devote all my time to making a fool out of him.” '
senior co-ed, who is interested in
bacteriology and works for Doc
Willis of the Student Health Service. Doc has gone on a trip and left the lab to Joan, but she is not lonely by any means. —B&B— ... in fact, she is beginning to draw the boys away from Doc Miller’s office. The eds are complaining of sore spots that need quite a bit of electrical treatment.
“spots” tonight . . . Gads! We said that, didn’t we? —B&B— While walking across the campus yesterday we were confronted by one Gordon Everett, who sold us several over-size swigs of cider from a big jug for a nickel. It sounds like graft to us . . . you can buy a whole jug for two-bits.
-B&B—
Prof, Davis
. . . and my little chickies, if you must make enemies don’t make them from your friends . . . they make the nastiest enemies. —B&B—
. . . chief of the department of entomology, has left for New York City to conduct the insect clinics at
the meeting ojf the National Pest Control Association convention be-
lt Purdue wins today, we will see you in the “spots” tonight. If Purdue loses we will sfee you in the
ing held there this week. He will also confer with men at the Crop Protection Institute of which he is a member of the board of governors.
EDDIE MDEDT
AUN HAlE«FRANKMcHUGH'JAMES GLEASON STARTS
TODAYmm
\-J
jy j ^^/s“M-i^
Saturday, October 28, 1939
^xpomnL Sfio^dA. fiixqn
Varsity Swimmers Will Face Fresh In Dual Meet Friday Head Swimming Coach Dick Papenguth has launched his carefully planned program to stimulate interest in the aquatic sport. As one of the big features of next weekend’s gala Homecoming festivities Dick plans to pit the strength of his Boilermaker varsity swimmers against that of the as yet untried yearling tankmen. This meet promises to be exciting from all angles, since both the varsity and frosh squads boast excellent performers in all events. The two teams will compete in the Fieldhouse pool Friday at 4 p. m. Fast In Distance Many of the races promise to be close throughout. On the varsity team Siler has been turning in especially fast times in the distance events. Kratzer, a very promising sophomore, has been burning up the pool with close-to-record times in the shorter dash events. Krick, who starred for the Boilermakers in the breast stroke last year, has turned to back stroking and •will undoubtedly be the best Riveter entrant in that race. For the freshmen, Williamson has been rapidly improving in the breast stroke. Carney promises to give Siler a real battle in the distance events. Coach Papenguth has introduced a number of his own innovations in the training of the Riveter swimmers. In order to strengthen leg muscles and loosen up ankle joints each tankman swims a number of lengths wearing tennis shoes. As a novelty Dick also has the varsity and frosh swimmers do several lengths with metal “hands” fastened on their palms. Incidentally, Dick needs additional pairs of tennis shoes for his swimmers and would appreciate any donations. Dick expects the squad to be in line shape for their opening dual meet against the Fort Wayne “Y” team on December 2, and for the annual aquacade which will be held December 15 and 16.
r/iese Gridders Cany Riveter Colors Against Broncos Today
Rankin
Scorecard We hope you found the Scorecard yesterday and took your pick. Our first prediction is a 14-0 victory for the Boilermakers over Santa Clara. It looks like the squad is in good shape and, despite the long trip, ought to be in a good mental condition. Santa Clara is tough, but our guess stands. Wisconsin is a one touchdown choice over Iowa, but the Hawkeyes might surprise us and trounce the Badgers. The passing andj'unning game which eked out the victory over the Hoosiers has potentialities, Ohio State Northwestern should beat the mini by a, couple of touchdo'wns. Ohio State and Michigan, both playing eastern teams here in the Middle West, should win, the Buckeyes in a close one over Cornell and the Wolverines without much trouble over Yale. Notre Dame has an edge over Carnegie, and Saggau, hurt in the opener against the Boilermakers, is ready to go, so we give the Irish a couple of touchdowns. Mississippi State in the South has not been scored on yet but Alabama is due. Mississippi might take Tulane, but the Green Wave is strong and gaining power. Pitt-Fordham The Pitt-Fordham game should be another of those perennial close ones between the Ram and the Panther. Twice New York, the underdog, has fooled us. This time we
L. Johnson
Macldewicz
^ialdeJdL
Brock
'SOU
SPORT SHIRTS
Plaids, Checks, Blocks, and Gabardine in Navy, Tan, Maroon, and Green. Priced. $^.00 SOOMAINST. —
pick NYU over Georgia. Clemson should beat Navy. The truth will out . . . California doesn’t have much. The Trojans may walk away with a three or four touchdown "win. Today, the peak of the season, according to the calendar, should provide a yardstick for score guessers in the last half of the season. Here they are: Purdue 14, Santa Clara 0. Iowa 7, Wisconsin 13. Illinois 7, Northwestern 13. Cornell 6, Ohio State 7. Yale 0, Michigan 20. Notre Dame 14, Carnegie Tech 0. Mississippi State 0, Alabama 7. Auburn 0, Georgia Tech 13. Louisiana State 20, Vanderbilt 7. Mississippi 7, Tulane 10. Rice 0, Texas 14. Baylor 6, Texas A & M 14. Pittsburgh 7, Fordham 0, Dartmouth 7, Harvard 6. Georgia 6, New York U. 7. Clemson 13, Navy 7. So. California 20, California 0, Washington St. 7, Oregon St. 14. Oregon 7, UCLA 0. Stanford 20, Washington 7.
Dolphins Pledge Ten Tankmen And Coach Dolphin Club, a national organization of college swimmers and men interested in swimming, has announced the pledging of 10 new members. The purpose of the organization is to promote good fellowship and ^ good sportsmanship among swimmers and to stimulate an interest in swimming throughout the University. The list of recent pledges is headed by Dick Papenguth, newly acquired swimming coach, and also includes V. C. Beebe, J. R. Macredy, C. E. Meyer, R. H. Briggs, R. G. Kratzer, R. M. Smith, E. M. Tingley, W. W. Frank, and F. W. Herr. C. E. Meyer is the manager of the varsity swimming team and all the rest are members of the squad.
Only Chicago and Illinois have reported no increase in ticket sales for the 1939 football season. All other Big Ten schools have announced a decided increase over the early sales of the past several years.
(^JwiaL
By Robert J. Deckard One of the most outstanding intersectional football games of the week end will come off this afternoon at San Francisco’s Kezar Stadium where Purdue’s scorching-hot Boilermakers grapple with Santa Clara’s potent Broncos for the first time in the history of the two institutions. —^fc— “Sure, we’ve got a good team,” Coach Mai Elward commented recently, “and we’ve got a chance for the Big Ten title.” From Mai’s words one might draw the opinion that the Boilermakers are primed for anything coming their way. When a coach comes out and says that, especially when he is in the Western Conference, he must have some ball club. And the Big Ten ain’t no snap outfit, my frans! —fc— When the Broncos read this bold remark made by Elward, did they high-tail it for the Ole Grey Mare ? (Mamma to you.) Nope, my frans! They just emitted a bewildering assortment of horse-lawghs and ligged up a story to tell fifty million red-blooded American football
dfuuou^ . . . lust a few more days to buy your 1940 DEBRIS at the old price of $4.00. On { November 10-- the price advances to $4.50. mo COsih/tiA. “CompbdA. CampuA. ^ooBhjaqal’
Big Ten Teams Fight For Places, Defend Gridiron Prestige Aside from the clash between the rampaging Boilermaker gndders and the wild Santa Clara Broncos, two other Western Conference teams will be defending Big Ten prestige against outsiders in two of today’s most important battles. Four Big Ten teams will continue to fence for positions in the lower bracket of the conference standings. The three other Big Ten squads will be idle, resting up for a renewal of their football wars next week. Ohio State and Michigan, leaders in the opening rounds of the Western Conference race, will meet two of the strongest of the eastern schools on their home gridirons. Ohio State, conquerors of Missouri, Northwestern, and Minnesota, will be seeking to maintain their undefeated status against unbeaten Cornell. This tilt is ranked as the big intersectional game of the day. At Ann Arbor the highly-geared Wolverine squad will face Yale’s Bulldogs in another very important battle. Northwestern Northwestern’s Wildcats will play hosts to venerable Bob Zuppke’s. mini. The Wildcats finally got into gear last week and beat the Wisconsin Badgers. Zup’s outfit can claim respect on the basis of its 7-6 defeat by Indiana. Eddie Anderson’s Jpwa team will be seeking its second conference victory against the Wisconsin Badgers. The Hawkeyes, a potentially strong team, beat the Hoosiers, 32-29, in a wild Big Ten opener three weeks ago. The Badgers can claim only one victory, a close 14-13 win over Marquette. Since then they have lost to Texas, Indiana, and Northwestern. Minnesota’s Gophers are taking today off to rest up after their hectic battle with Ohio State last week. Chicago’s Maroons need have no fear of losing today—they don’t play. Bo McMillin’s Hoosiers will also be idle.
fans that they’re some powerful, bosses. —fc— The story: “Recently some Santa Clara alumni were chasing around trying to find some pretty good football prospects who might enter the Bronco school. The secretary of the alumni association, keeping in mind that he wanted no sissies, gave the following instructions to the chasers: “When you’re driving along a road and come across a lad plowing in a corn field, stop and ask him which is the way to such-and-such place.” “If he points with his finger the direction, he’s not the guy. But if he picks up the plow and points with it, boy, that’s the man!” —fc— Well, after hearing this terrifying story, we were reluctant even to guess the outcome of the game. But, with all of the coiirage and bravery we could muster, we add this to the bottom of today’s column: The Boileimakeis will drive those Broncos all ovei the field. The score, 13 to 6.
Leaders on the Campus The leaders always wear the latest thing in fashions. Men who are particular about solid comfort, good looking appearance and sturdy wearing qualities, will find our shoes and slacks always acceptable.
SHOES $2.98 CORD TROUSERS 2.98 MOLESKIN TROUSERS 3.98 SWEATERS $1.98 up RAINCOATS 2.98 up CORD COATS $5.98 CHECKED FLANNEL SHIRTS 98c
RELIABLE CLOTHING CO.
224 Main Street»>' %}’j
;yt‘
THE PURDOE EXPONENT
Saturday, October 28, 1^39
jonwJtJww in the
QhWddfUiA
Baptist Students 9.30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club class. J. B. Gleason, teacher. “High Lights of Religious Emphasis Week.” 10:35 a. m.—Sermon by the pastoi, “Our Covenant With God and the Church.” 5:30 p. m.—Home hour and lunch. 6:40 "p. m. — “Ideal Amei’ican Boy,” Dean Vern Freeman. 7:30—Evening worship.
Activities Bureau To Make Data Sheets Available For Job Seeking Graduates
To aid seniors and graduate students in hunting Jobs, the Activities Bureau will again make personnel data sheets available this year. These record sheets are recommended by J. E. Walters, personnel dilector. The sheets which include University and home addresses, educational record, practical experience, references, personal data, individual picture, and a statement of what kind of a job one would prefer, make a neat, convenient, and complete personnel record. If the student so desires a note may be added concerning further information about such matters as scholarship and personal ratings. Any further information regarding the sheets or their issue may be obtained from the Activities Bureau in room B of the Union.
Indiana Township Trustees Meet In Rural Education Convention Next Thursday
EE Course Described In Current Magazine
Presbyterian and Congregational Students 9:30—Dr. G. H. Graves will lead the student discussion group, continuing the discussion of student questions about religion. 10:40—Morning worship. Rev. J. .R. Hines, Purdue ’31, will preach. His theme will be “The Tragedy of Losing What You Have.” The Junior Choir will sing “Not a Sparrow Falleth,” by Abt. Also Miss Carolyn Wood will sing Forsyth’s “The Lord’s Prayer.” Evening program at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz street. Supper will be sei'ved at 6 o’clock, after which Rabbi Meyer H. Simon will speak on “Anti-Semitism.”
Methodist Students 8 a. m.—Council brealcfast. 9:30 a. m.—Sunday school. Co-eds at the Foundation, united class taught by Mrs. McFadden. Men at the church in four classes: 1. Bible Class taught by Prof. J. T. Gunn. 2. “Home and Marriage,” by Prof. D. H. Patterson. 3. “The Liquor Problem” by Dr.’ C. O. Lee. 4. “World Peace” by Rev. McFadden. 10:40—Morning worship, sermon by Dr. Steele. 2 p. m.—Rehearsal of “If This Be Treason” at Jeff auditorium. 5 p.m.—Fellowship supper, Grace Russell, chairman. 6:30 p. m.—University Epworth League. Final discussion groups in the series on “Home and Marriage” and “Christianity in Business.”
Division of Education and Applied Psychology and the Tippecanoe County Board of Education will be hosts to nearly 150 township trustees from 14 northwestern Indiana counties at the meeting of the first and second district trustees Association to be held on the campus Thursday, November 9. President Charles Russell, of Brook, will preside over the convention. One of the highlights of the meeting will be an address on “The Trends in Rural Education” by Dr. R. W. Fairchild, President of Illinois State Normal University, Normal, 111. His talk will be proceeded by an address of welcome by Professor F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president of the University. A business session will complete the morning schedule. At the noon luncheon Dr. F. B. Knight, Director of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology, will discuss “The Township Trustee as a School Administrator.” Klondike high school orchestra will play during the luncheon. Introduction of the officers of the State Trustees Association and State Department of Education visitors will open the afternoon session. After a question box directed by Dr. Fairchild, the meeting will be brought to a close with a business meeting followed by a tour of the campus conducted by George H. Bush, custodian counselor, and Dr. George E. Davis, director of teacher licensing and placement.
The current issue of EJlectrical Contracting describes a course which is administered by R. B. Mai^hall of the EE staff. The course covers a study of the catalogs of wiring devices made by leading companies, with samples used in the class room. The work includes study of each class of wiring from the standpoint of advantages, cost, materials used, tools used, labor and code requirements, study of wiring design and layout along with specifications for residence and large building work, estimating and bidding, blue prints, commercial wiring, industrial control devices, and how the electrical work fits into other kinds of construction. This course tries to meet the demands of the times by training men for the electrical contracting business by giving students actual experience.
NOTICES
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Silver Mask: Meeting at 7 :15 p. m. Tuesday, October 31, in the Old Agriculturist office All membeis please be present. —NEPTUNE
Exponent Sophomores: Debris pictures will be taken Tuesday evening, October 31, according to the following schedule: 8 20, business staff. 8 30, co-ed staff, 8*35, sports ?>taff , 8*45, editorial staff—FRED
Exponent Sophomore Co-eds: A*nn Beard, Tad Stiers, and Nan Dennis, please come to office after 10 o'clock Saturday morning, October 28 —BURTSFIELD.
Ag judging Team Places Fourth In National Contest
Scrivener Club: Meeting Sunday, October 29, at 7:30 p m at 202 Waldron Bring manuscriptb —MUNRO
Union Sophomores: Browsing room staff will please meet in the office at 4 p. m on Monday, October 30 .—HAMMAN.
Three freshman agricultural students placed fourth in the national 4-H dairy cattle judging contest held in San Francisco, October 22, in connection with the Golden Gate International Exposition. The three boys were Joe Erni, Robert Jackson, and Newton Hatfield. This team was selected aftei it won the Indiana State Fan cattle judging contest this year.
Delta Rho Kappa: Pledges must carry keys and assorted goods until further notice ■—ESTEY. (10-31)
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held on Tuesday, October 31, at 7 :30 p m in loom C of the Union —frantzseb
Gold Peppers: Group pictuie for Debris will he taken Monday, October 30, at 9:1,5 p m —MITCHELU
Kappa Delta Pi: Group pictuies will be taken for Debris on Tuesday, October 31, at 7 p m Watch Exponent for place. —NEAL.
CiV/7 Engineering
Zouaves: All active members of the Zouave squad report to the Armory at 4 p m , Monday, October 30. —HURST.
Purdue Christian Foundation 9:30 a.m.—Sunday Class. Beginning a new series on the relation of Christianity to Economics, Hubert Reynolds will speak on “Is the Coopeiative Movement Christian?” 10:40 — Church Service. Doyle Mullen will preach, after returning from the international convention at Richmond, Va. 5:30 p. m.—Forum. The Drama Committee will present a cast reading of the play, “Bread,” by Fred Eastman, for Vespers. 6 p. m.—-Recreation period. 6:30—Discussion period, led by Miss Coohdge on the topic, “Dating on the Purdue Campus.”
. . . research and extension staffs will describe some new and interesting phases of the work now being conducted by the School of Civil Engineering at the engineering staff meeting to be held Monday night, October 30, in room 201 of the Civil Engineering building. The talks will be followed by an inspec^ tion of civil engineering research and teaching laboratories.
Union: Important meeting of music room statT on Monday, October 30, at 4 p. m. in the Union office •—TILT
Pi Tau Sigma: Impoitant meeting of all actives o^Mondav, October 30. in ME reading room —EILERING
Sophomore Debris Photo Staff: Picture to he taken on Tuesday, October 31 at 8:50 p m in the Tower loom of the Union. —SWIFT.
Sophomore Activity Bureau: Picture to be taken Monday, October 30, at 8 '4,5 in Tower room. ■—SWIFT.
Episcopal Students Meeting at St. John’s Episcopal Church, Sixth and Ferry streets, Lafayette. 8 a. m.—Holy Communion. 10:45—Morning prayer and sermon. 6 p. m.—St. John’s Fellowship.
Co-eds: WAA field hockey open practices held every day at 4 p. m in athletic field —FRAZIER
HALLOWE’EN It should be understood that any Hallowe’en rioting on the part of students will not be condoned by the University. Notice is now given that any student of the University guilty of participation in any rush rioting or any damage to property will not be considered as eligible to remain in the University. EDWARD C, ELLIOTT, President
Purdue Peace Fellowship: All members meet in the Reception room of the Union on Monday, October 30, at 6 p. m. instead of in the regular Sunday night meeting place —STERNS
Activities Bureau Sophomores: Group pictuie at 8:45 p m on Monday, October 30. —JORGESON.
Chi Epsilon: Debris pictures will be taken on Monday, October 30, at 7 :06 p. m. in the Union All members and pledges be present —CORNELL.
Episcopal Students: All Episcopal students are invited to the meeting of the Sea-
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Florists
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19'/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mein at 7th Phone 6050
• jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
bury Club on Sunday evening, October 29, at the Parish House, to hear Dr. Lanezos speak on Europe’s social problems. Meeting will be at 7, supper at 6. —LYLES.
Glenwood : 7:30, The Gables, Otter-be-lnn ;
n4ga; 8:80,
NYA Workers: Checks may be obtained at the Cashier’s office in the Executive building. —HOLLENSBE.
Sophomore Onion Workers: Our staffs meet in the Puttering room of the Union at 4 p. m. on Monday, October 80, to work on Military Ball decorations. • —CROW, HOFFER.
8, Alpha Chi Omega, Chi Ome
Kappa.
'Tuesday, 6:30, Ward 2, Theopholus 18; 7, Collegiana, Theta; 7:80, Alpha Xi Delta, WRH West; 8, Chi Omega: 8:30, Pi Phi. Wednesday, 6:30, Riley House, S.H.E. House, Ward 3: 7, Ann Tweedale, Brockwtiy Co-op : 7:30, WRH South ; 8, Thaeles ; 8 :30, Phi Mu. Thursday, 6:30, Ward 4, Twin Pines; 7, Pedalion, WRH North. (10-31) —HARRISON.
before noon Saturday, October 28. Cancellation cards are obtainable from heads of departments. These cards mhst be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 28 if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men, —DEAN OP MEN.
SAE: Debris group pictures will be taken in the Union at 7 :30 p. m., Monday, October 30 Be there. —KRATZ.
Novice Pistol: The fourth novice pistol group will start on Tuesday, October 81. Students desiring to fire this course may sign in Supply room between 8 a. m. and 5 p. m. —CAPT. HOLMES.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Assessments of 76c per man living in your houses for fire and police protection must be paid to Grosh, Phi Kappa, by November 1. Please attend to this matter. (11-1) —CATTERALL.
Purdue Engineer Subscribers: All those who have not paid deferred subscriptions please do so before November 1. Leave money at Engineer office or at the east desk of the Union. (11-1) —LANTZ.
Freshman_ Engineers: Students assigbed to engineering lectures will report Saturday, October 28, by schools, as follows: A-E, room 129, EE building; F-Le, room 201, Civil Engineering building; Li R, room 101 Michael Golden Shops ; S-Z, room 264, EE building. —KNAPP.
POMM Pledges and Actives: Those desiring keys sign list on bulletin board immediately. Keys are $1.60 and can be paid for out of next pay check. (10-31) —REILEY.
Co-eds: All co-eds interested in WAA archery tournament meet at range at 4 o’clock Thursday, October 27, or Monday, October 30. —MOREHOUSE.
Alpha Phi Omega: Executive committee meeting Sunday evening, October 29, in roqm A of the Union at 7 :30. —McCAMMON.
Wesley Players: Men are needed for production staff. Students interested in staging call Walter Kettenring, 8436; those wanting on the lighting crew call Lucky Godbey, 2668. Women are needed for make-up committee. Call Marjorie Hoover. (10-29) —McFADDEN.
Classified Ads
Dolphin Club: Debris pictures tentatively scheduled for Wednesday, November 1. More details later. —HARRIS.
Mechanical Engineering Students: All who expect to graduate prior to February, 1941, are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall. (11-1) —YOUNG.
FOR RENT FOR RENT—Half double room for co-ed. Three windows, continuous hot water. 129 Russell Street.
Lutheran Students Club: An important meeting will be held in room C of the Union Sunday, October 29, at 7:80 p. m. All Lutheran students who are affiliated with the St. James Church in Lafayette are cordially invited to attend. (10-29) —ALEXANDER.
CB 41: An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in room 203, CE building, from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, October 28. —GREVE.
FOR RENT—Nice modern single room. Quiet. 420 Evergreen. Phone 66034.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting in room C of the Union building on Monday evening, October 80, at 7 :30. Rev. Ainslie will be the speaker. —BURBRINK.
CARS FOR RENT—Call Russ at 71644 after six evenings. Minimums rates as low as $2,60 for all night.
Exponent Associate Editors: Meeting of all associate editors Saturday afternoon, October 28, in the Exponent office. —DEHOOG.
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday, October 30, at 8 p. m. in room F of the Union. All actives be there on time. Pledges report at 8:30. —REILEY.
Conditions in M.E. 31: An examination for the removal of conditions in M. E. 31 will be held in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering building commencing at 1 p. m. Saturday, December 9, 1939. Those wishing to take the examination must make arrangements with the undersigned before noon December 2, 1939. (11-2) —MESSERSMITH
FOR SALE TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 60C Main StresL
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Blue turquoise charm braoplet. Call Jean Niewald. 76022.
WAA Intramural Rifiery: Permanent schedule : Monday, 6 :30, Ward 1; 7, Coedda,
Cancellations: Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so
MISCELLANEOUS HELP WANTED—Eds and co-eds see Rex Huff, 8-9 p. m., 306 Russell.
CAMPUS FASHIONS
For the Co-ed who demands smartness in her most casual clothes—
Use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly
r^i N
E C L E AN E R S 0 F F INE CLOTHES
Pledges!!
Riding Club: Moonlight ride Sunday night, October 29. Wiener roast will be held at 7 .30 p m Members can make reseivations by calling Doris Saurnage, 2695, before Sunday noon —MEYER.
-^and he took me in a YELLOW CAB!! Will your oncvand only he able to make this boast after your Pledge
Dance? ?
Call
5023 Yellow Cab 3071