' <i '^ ' I ' ' ‘ ■, ‘ if ?, V I " ! ^ ^ ij / / ' - ' ' ■ ,' ^ ' ‘ ’, )i ' ‘ ' ' , '
l>K
*)
Wrestling, Track, Swimming Teams Hold Meets Today
Established 1889
^CM04ieMt 9 Daily Since 1906
WASHINGTON— Hi's Spirt Still Lives On
Volume 53, No. 124
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, February 21,1942
^niie VttSHHSTOH MERRY-dO-ROUNI
Ily Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Relations With Latin
I ftA Bill
Countries At convo In MUSIC nail Toiuorrow
Chicago In Windy City
Xec' Polk To Chase Tons,
'Frosty' To Chase Points
Only Grouping Of Allied Fleet In Atlantic Could Offset New Nazi Might
WASniNG'rON, Feb 20,—Kvei since the escape oi the Gei man battleships Gncisenau and Schatnhoist, with the ciuisei Pi nice Eugen, the U. S. and Biitish high commands have been studying the strength of the Allied fleet in the Atlantic IJatllesliips aie like kings In a ^ame ol cheekeis. They can inoAc backwards and lorwards witii more impunity than lessei ves,sels; and (liej can “lake” smaller warKhips. Theiclore, a compact, powerful bod> oi battleships, making .surprise raids on the enemy can prove disastrous in (be extreme—especially when the antagonist lias long supply lines spread out over 3,000 miles ot tlie North Atlantic, guarded only by destioyers and cuiisers. Slavey mg the new Nazi naval strength, Allied commandeis aie jaeiianng foi the worst Em this IS what they liguie the Nazis have: 'I’he Gncisenau aiul Schai nhorst, 20,000 tons each 'I’lie new battleship Tiiial/, 10,000 tons 'riic Friedricli dci Grossc and Hindenburg, 45,000 tons each, under constiuction Joi some time and piobably 05 pel cent completed Two an)dane ( a : i i e i s, the Ueutschland and Gial Zeppelin, ol 10,500 tons cairying 250 planes each. Eight ciuiseis o( Ihe I’liiicc Eugen class • U. S. Battleships Old
By 'I'ed Clark, A squad of 12 Boilermaker basketball players will leave the Big Four station at 10 o’clock this morning bound for the Windy City where they will i)lay Chicago’s Maroons in the Midway fieldhouse. The tottering Chicagoans hiive lost 12 straight games without winning one, and seem destined to receive the dubious honor of dropping three more and thus establishing a new record, for this is the first season that Western Conference teams have played a 13-g^me schedule. Lose lleartbreaker In then last cirort Nels Noigren’s team came out on the short end of a 47-1() hearth) eaker against Noithwestein. Indeed, the Wildcats — minus llciiry Glasoii-—weic trailing Chicago by six points with two minutes to go, yet faltereil when Dutch Lonboig’s Cats suddenly bccamo hot. Pci hai)s the Purple missed Ilcnrv Clason, pci hups they were simply ofl foi m, lieu haps the heat of city i ivally fired Chicago to an almost-vic-toiy. At any rate it may be safe to say that the Maroons—who have been held to an anemic average of about 23 points iicr game—were playing ovei their heads m (he NU contest. So any indication of Chicago impiovemcnt that could bo gleaned tioin the Satin day night game mif.>.ht be called misleading, foi the cellar - dwellers probably played their best game of the season that evening. When Purdue humbled the ChiSee RIVETERS vs. Chicago, page 3
Bunin To P/ay For Cabaret
250 Aff-end Third War Council Defense Talk
Mixer Tonight
Budge Burriri and his Wabash Ambassadorjs will furnish the music tonight for the first Cabaret dance of the year. The dance, which i^ the regular weekly Union mixer, will be held in both ballrooms of the Union from 8:30 to 11:30 p. m. to conform to the present wai’-timc coed hours. Admission price will be $1.10. Tables and chairs will be placed aiound the dance floor and refreshments will be served in the ballrooms. The decoiations will be in accord with the cabaret theme. Laige wine bottles will servo as hand fionts. The green striped backdrop will have “Union Cabaret” in large leTters in the center and flashing lights bcliind. Burriii’s hand, wliich has played foi dances on this campus before was organized at Wabash College (luring his four years there. In the summers of ’38 and ’39 the orchestra played on trans-Atlantic liners and made a tour of Europe. All last summer the band played at the Shades, Indiana summer resort. Bob Denk, “scat-singer”, and Jean Lovcle.ss, novelty song specialist, will do the vocals for the band.
Tracing the development of our relationship with Latin and South American countries from the eighteenth century until the present era of the Good Neighbor Policy, Prof. C. B. Mux’phy spoke at the third war convocation sponsored by the Student War Council yesterday af-
ternoon in Fowler Hall.
Over 250 students and faculty
Registration For Five New Defense Courses Opens Next Thursday
Pianist To Perform In First Of Weekly Concert Series
Registration for five defense courses offered by the University
Appearing for the first of a weekly series of concert programs to be sponsored by the University Student War Council, Bomar Cramer, Indianapolis pianist, will perform tomorrow afternoon at 3 in the Music Hall. Doors will be open at 2:15 and neither passports nor tickets will be required for
members heard Pi-ofessor Murphy for persons living in this commu- admission to the concert, which is open to both the students
of the history, economics and gov- nity will be held in room 101 of ernmont department, discuss Michael Golden Shops next Thurs“Hemisphere Relations” and its im- day at 7:30 p. m. Classes, which porlance in I’cgard to the present arc authorized by the United States situation. office of education, will include radio Chile, Argentina Reluctant technician training, engineering
Although Chile and Argentina chemistry, engineering di'awing,
have failed to join the other 19 engineering mathematics and tech-
South American nations m a soli- meal report writing,
dai'ily pact with the United States, A minimum of 60 arc required he stated that the size and com- for the radio technicians course
Lack Of Vital Causes Postponement Of Radio Instruction
and the general public. Cramer’s piano studies be-
gan at the age of twelve under Pettis Pipes of the Kidd-Key Conservatory, with whom he studied until 1921, Later, he studied in New York under the Russian artists, Josef and Rosine Lhevinne. He completed his formal education at the Chicago Musical College
Cement Conference
To Hee! On Campus
Difficulty in obtaining vital parts
parative impoidancc of these na- which is designed to meet the need equipment for construction aptions have caused their leluctance for thousands of trained persons to paratus of radios, has made it neces-
and predicted that they can be ex- operate communication and detec- ^ary to postpone, temporarily, some studying with Rudolph GanZ.
pected to cooperate if an emergency tion equipment. The class will meet classes for radio technicians American Debut
arises. three tunes a week. The chemistry scheduled to begin in 15 centers jje made his American debut in Common traditions, history and course is short and intensive. It throughout Indiana. Aeolian Hall, New York, in 1926. viewpoints of the American peo- will run for 18 weeks with both The radios being built for the Since then, he has made many re-
laboratory and lecture work being armed forces have exhausted man- cital and orchestral appearances given. ufacturers’ supplies of vital ma- throughout the country, including The course in technical report Aerials. Equipment for the first three concerts in New York, Chicago, Philwriting, which will run for 12 classes includes 76 galvanometers, adelphia, Cincinnati, Indianapolis, weeks, is designed primarily for Wheatsofte bridges and 15 cath- Dayton, Ann A.ihor, St. Louis, Dal— liersons who have to write or inter- oderay oscilloscopes, las, Los Angeles, and Denver, pret reports. Engineering drawing Night Classes Cramer has also appeared freand engineering mathematics will ^ight classes using these ma- fluentlyiillndiana.HegaveMpCTtwo mornings each week, from terials will be held at Lafayette and fo^^nces of the Chopin Etad^ 9:30 to 11:30, for those who prefer Vincennes March 2, and at Fort several seasons ago and has play^
Tuesday, Wednesday
Civil Service Raises
To match this, Iho Unilid States iiiiisl liave a battle (leet id er|iml stuiiglh (tillable ol g(tliiig Uji callous pal ts ol the At!aiiti( in a liui i y. The '•ize ol oui fleet in the Atl.inlie IS a luilitaiy sie,el, but it was no secKt lietoie (lie c\ai and is lluioloie kiiiywn to tile iiiini> th.il ni.iny (d OUI batl I( ^ hips a ( I e biiill .i*. l.ir htU k as 1911 and 1912, ni.iking Hum Ihiity ceais old And a battleship only (wiiiiy leai^- old is coll.sideic'd out oi dale 'I hat cias one (easoiiAchc I’lesident Koo.sevcK issued his gum u.niuiig that (he on (lie E.isl (Coiduiued on page 2)
Maximum Age Limit For Trainees To 55
Ed Gannon To Speak Over WLW Tuesday
Pi of. Ed A Gannon, extension daily man, will sjieak on the “Shoit Couis(> oC the An” piogiam being hi'oadeast by WLW next 'riiesday. Eouith inenibei oi llie agi icultui'al (lepaitment to aj(pe<ii' on tlie |)rogiam, Piofeshoi Gannon will talk on “Moie Milk t'loiii Ihe (‘’eed Dollai.” The seiies ol piogiains lias been bioadeast loi the (last two weeks as an educational t'eatuie, pies(‘iitiiig .swine, poultiy, and daily speeialist.s fioin the Uniyersity, Ohio State Univeisity, Univeisdv of Kentucky, and Univeisity ol West Vii ginia. ' Dr J. Holmes Mailm, head (d the poultiy depaitment; Pud W W. Smith, of the animal hushandi y depai tment; and Prol Claude M Vestal, in chai I’O of swine e\pi i iiiient.il W'ork, have leinesentcd the Univei.sity on juevious hi oadiasts
The managei of the Sixth U. S. ( i\il Sei vi( e Disti u I has anuouneed an iiuie.ise iii the maximum age Joi .Inn 101 Inspectoi-'I'l ayiecs due to a shoit.ige of pel'-oils w’ho meet the edi'calgonal i e(iuu emeiits loi the Ordnaiiie Depai Lment’s tiaiiiiiig piogi.im 'I’he ('ommis'-ioii will now accept ap|)li'.tlions Ironi ))eisoiis up to 55 yi.iis ot age, inuvided they have ccinpleted one ear of eiigiiieering 01 two yeais ot general college education iiieludiiig coiii'-es in mathcmalit'-, |)h\sies and chemistry I’hiee Months’ 'riaining Successtul applicaiitf, will be as-'-igned to .1 three months' tiaining coiiise V Inch is to be given heie, Univeisity ol Gincinnati. University ot Kentucky, and Case School ol Applied Sciences, Salary while tiaining will be $120 a month with an inciease to $1,620 a yeai w'hen placed on inspection woik. Fuithci infoimatioii may he obtained liom ClitToied P. Siiigley, Civil Seivice Seciotaiy at the Post; Oflke, who IS (listiibiiting application loi ms loi this position.
Third annual conferenco on ready mixed concrete will be held at the Uniyersity next Tuo.sday and Wednesday. R. B. Crepps, who is in charge of the conference, has announced that over 100 engineers, contractors and public officials arc expected to attend the meetings. The keynote of the conference v/ill bo how concrete, which is mixed en route from the plant to the job wlicie it may be poured into place upon aiTival, liclps m tin- war effort of the nation. Tuesday inoniing, the program will begin with a discussion of tlje purposes of the school and the showing of films on liow' cement is manufactured. Ill the afternoon, V. P. Ahearn of Chicago, secrojtaiy of the National Ready Mixed Concrete Association, will open the program with a talk on “The Position of the Ready Mixed Concrete Industry in the War Effort.” W. W. Hadh'.v, bridge engineer for the Indiana State Highw’uy Commission, and F. M Welch, construction engineer for the Amei'ican Aggregate Corp., w'ill also address the conference during the aftei noon. Dr. L. M. Sears, of the history, economics and government department, will address the conference at a banquet in the evening.
pics, and the fact that the United States was the first to recognize the independence of South American nations from European powers are the factors that will continue to maintain t he bonds hetwhen the American nations, as long the U. S. refrains from returning to the days of “Dollar Diplomacy”, the i’c,sults of which are hindering more complete cooperation today.
Monroe Doctrine
The purpose of the Monroe Doctrine, according to Murphy, was lost soon after its estgblislnnent when the United States changed its attitude from one of interest to indifference, followed by a “policeman” policy when U. S. Marines collected debts owed by South American nations to Europe and private business here. Although the idea was fosteied to keep EuroSee MURPHY on page 2
day classes in these subjects.
Faculty Notice
To Members of the Faculty: The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, Feb. 23, at 4 p. m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott,
President.
Wayne and Jeffersonville, March 9. Additional classes will open in Anderson, Bloomington, Elkhart, Evansville, Gary, Indianapolis, Kokomo, Marion, Muncic, New Albany and Richmond as soon as new equip-
ipent is available.
These courses, which can be taken
'Food For Freedom' Campaign Covers Nation; Indiana Grows 'Victory Garden'
SIX times with the Indianapolis Symphony. Other universities in the state at which he has performed include Indiana, Ball State and Der Pauw. The DePauw concert marked the opening of the 1939 Music Fes-
tival there.
Program Includes Bach
The recital will (jpen with a Toc-
hy both men and women, contain two followed by lecture-discussion periods and one Cramer’s interpretation of five laboratory class each week. The lab- prudes. Next in order is the oratory will be divided into groups afternoon’s prograta, of four students, each division hav- another composition by Chopin, this ing separate lab materials. piano sonata. Equipment Being Built Chopin sonata was intended More than half of the equipment musically parallel the life of an needed to conduct these courses is aginary hero. The first movement being built by the University m co- craMER CONVO on page 4
operation with the National Asso-
ciation of Broadcasters. The courses aim to supply the Army and Navy with an unlimited number of radio teclinicians and they aEo plan to
By Art Hunter
Originating in a cujiference room in WasliingLon, D. C.,
hibt October, tlie ‘‘fi''ood for Freedom” campaign has spread meet the rapidly growing demand throughout the country, and at present state and national tor training ladio personnel in liotirds are working on tlie five divi.sion,s of the program—tliose broadcasting stations. Civilian pio-
tection during defense is considered
PI ay shop Fills Mail Orders For Seats At Next Production
of jiork production, egg production, canning crops, dairy products and garden products.
Victoij Gaidens
Here in Indiana (lie University is the nuclues for the state garden inoducts division of the “Food for Fi'eedom” diiye. Through the University Agricultural Extension
Debris Beauty Queens Will Assist At Banquet in Union Monday Night
as a major reason.
Fourteen Complete CAA Course; Obtain License Certificates
Fourteen University students have completed their primary course
Twelve of the Debris beauty queens -will seiwe as receptionists at the fifteenth annual banquet of the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce next Monday evening at 6:30 in both ballrooms of the Union. All seats for the banquet are reserved, and the coeds will help those wh6 and the coeds will help those who
attend find theii’ seats’.
m • • J 1 Those serving are Jeanne Burk111 riYihaii Pilot Training and have , ,, r. xj. t xt j t
, .1 • T> ■ T T • holder, Betty Lu Krudup, Jean
Prom Design Contest
To End Next Saturday
University Coed Debaters Attend Big Ten Women's
Meeting At Northwestern
Wabash College Glee Club To Sing Over WBAA Today
The Wabash Gollege Glee C hib ol 20 men \m11 appeal ovei WBAA this alteiiioon at 1.30 foi a 25-ininute
|)i ogi am.
Special selections have hecn planned ioi the jnogiain, and the (''lawfoidsville gioup will In mg its own announcers also. TIu' Wabash Glee Glub, one ol the nune inoinmcnl ol lloosier college musical oiganizations, has apiieaied on sevenal oc-
casions over WBAA.
Univeisity women’s debate team IS attending the Big Ten Women’s Debate Conference which is being h(d(l at Noithwc'stoin Univeisity. The confcieiice started yesterday and ends today. Subject of the debate IS “Resolved: That the United States and the Biilish Commonwealth of Nation-s should form a Permanent Union.” The debate team is compo.se(l of live coeds. Jeanne Fountaine, Sci. ’ 15, and Katherine Howes, HE ’45, aie icpiescnting the negative side of the question Janet Morehouse, HE ’42, Faith Wayne, Sci. ’43, and Bette Gustafson, HE ’45, compose the affirmative team This IS the fn st yeai foi debating among the coeds even though the men students have been debating foi a numbei of yJais. L. S Winch and th(' forensic boaid have chaige of th(‘ gioup.
Deadline for submitting entries in the annual Prom backdiop contest has been set for Saturday, Feb. 28, at 6 p. m. Pinal sketches may bo hanefed in to either Harry Hudson of Jim Reeves m the Student Union office. The contest ,is sponsored by the Prom Committee, and plans will be judged by the members of the Prom Commitloc, wdth Dick Ball as chaiimun. ^ The theme of the design nuistkc oiiginal and must include eompleti' plans for the backdrop, hand fronts and any additional decorations foi the walls or coiling. Approximate cost of the design is not to exceed $100, and all construction details must be given with the entry.
for general ticket sales and will rc'inain open until after the production. Single admission tickets arc pi iced
at 75 cents each.
Lauer, Roberta Lewis, Marge Libbert, Jo Anne Menefee, Margaret Miller, Jeanne Moses, Marilyn O’Hara, Ann Ostrander, Virginia Riley and Pat Smith. The coeds will be the guests of the Chamber of Commerce and will be seated at spe-
cial tables at the banquet.
Mail oiilcis fo reserved .seats aie
now' being filled for the next Play- Seivice a state iilaii for “Victory shop pioduction, “Beyond the lion- Gardens” is now being pcifccled. zon,” which will be presented March This plan for “Victory Gardens” in-
4-7. Mail orders arc made by filling voivcs the coopeiation of tlii’ cx- been given their Private License out the reverse side of the coupon tension ilopaitmciits of horticulture, Certificates by Inspector A. J. Behrand sending it with a stamped, self- home economics, botany, pntomol- ens. These studeiils are now qualiaddiessed envelope to the Playshop ogy, publicity and agronomy with fied to take the advance flying Ticket Office, Eliza Fow'ler Hall. The county extension offices tluoughoul course, which will begin in about a
ticket office opens on next Monday the state. week. University ('oiniiiittee The men who liave received their Members of these vaiious depart- certificates are as follows: Robert mentb composing the University Clarke, Robert Dickey, William committee now working on the Leinwcbcr, Donald McCaslin, Dougstatewide pi eject iiicliule: W. B. las McDaniel, William Spongier, Wal'd, horticiiltin o; Miss E. E. Thomas Stockton, Call Tafel, David Glasgow, home economics; G. IL Tippey, Paul Wagner, James WalEnliekl, agionomy; G. E. Lchker, ley, Robert Weaver, Robert Willkic
Dr. Frank H. Knight, of the do- entomology; Plot C T Gregory, and Richard Woi 1. partment of economics. University botany; G W. Sample, publicity; ^ Nurses from St. Elizabeth and of Chicago, will address the Amer- and O. W. Mansfield, county super- AloHa CHl OmCOa Home Hospitals will be guests at a ican Association of Scientific Work- vision ageni * ^ PIA sponsored tea dance this afterers next Monday evening at 7:30 The mam featuie of the “Victor.v ... social sorority, announces the noon from 3 to 5:30 p. m. in the south in room 106 of the Chemistry Build- Gauloiis” campaign is the goal scF iiiitialion of Betty Anderson, Chi- ballroom of the Union. Last minute ing. His subject will be “Empiricism, up for Indiana of 181,000 faim gai- cago, 111,; Gayle Beesway, East Clu- records will be played for the music.
Knight Will Add ress Open AASW Meeting
PIA Tea Dance Today To Fete Local Nurses
Rationalism, and Romanticism in
Social Science.”
An invitation is extended to students and faculty, and the meeting is oiien to the general public. This
(lens foi 1942. This figure repre- cago; Loraine Bemis, Nashwauk, Coeds and members of the Purdu^ sents a ten peiceiiL increase over Minn.; Lois Bowman, Marion; Lois Independent Association will be adthc number of gardens foi last year Caldwell, Connersvilic; Ruth Ann initted free; others will be charged and is especially important at this Casler, Chicago, 111.; Elizabeth Fish, ten cents. Maxine Abshier and Ro-
Wesley Group To Hike To WAA Cabin Today
time because of the multiplied de- South Bend; Johaiine Hobbs, Car
lecture is the second in a series of mands for foodstutt’s which must be mcl; Nancy Jackson, Evanston, 111. lectures,) Dr. R. II. Ilavighuist hav- supplied to oiii home markets, to Jean Julius, Andeison; Mitzie Kom
ing given the first one.
Wesley Foundation is sponsoring Dr, E. L. Butz
a hike to the WAA cabin this afternoon at 5 p. m. All those wishing to participate should meet at the Foundation at 116 Sheetz Street.
Recreation will be under the direc- Union. Subject of his talk will be It is predicted that these “Victory
tion of Arthur Brown and Ed Gilbert and Eileen Carpenter is in charge of refreshments. The price is twenty cents per person. Everyone is m-
. . of the Farm Management Stalf will speak Monday at Ihe monthly Ag Staff Luncheon in the
tlu' armed foi cos and to the allies.
Cans For Arinj
Gonsequeiitly, inoie food ino(luccd in family gaidens means a lessening in the burden on home markets for eaniied goods which aie needed for the armed forces.
cek, Balttniore, Mil ; Joan Kortc, Ft Wayne; Jeanne Paige, Hammond Wilma Jean Palmer, West Lafay ette; Jayne Parker', Kankakee, III.
bei'td Kessler, women co-chairnren of PIA, are in charge of the dance.
Chi Omega
social sorority announces the election of officers for the coming
Nedra Ann Pierce, Logansport; year. They are Jean Patrick, preftiMargaret Plunkett, Shaker Heights, dent; Jhne Arnold, vice-president} 0.; Sylvia Pollies, Hammond, La.; Beverly Baker, secretary; Alice Jane Schutt, Indianapolis; Mary Chatfieid, treasurer; Ruth
“Paiity, Politics and Progress.” Garden” foods will serve in a health Jane Snyder, Shaker Heights, O.; pledge mother; Frances Thompaoh* Robcoe Frescr is in effiarge of the building capacity, for health au- Faye Tyler, Lowell; Lois Jane vushchairman;MaryJaneRoth,aBc luncheon, which is scheduled to be- Ihorities stale that fiesh garden Vaughn, Peru; and Marilyn sistant rush chairman; and Mai*y iL gin at noon. See VICTORY GARDENS on page 2 Wrightsman, Lafayette. Gee, social chairman.Saturday^ February 22,
Lives On
Washington’s Birthdhjfi tW twd hundred and tenth anniver1^^ of tMe birth of the man whom we honor ati''the **Father of Our Country”. This year (pwr; obser%^ance of the occasion is doubly sigOnce again we Amencans are fight11^ % ^ of government itthd ituithatt freedom Which he led our ancestoife in securing and safe-guardinfe^. ^ Wa^ih^on the man, Washington the sol'te,: and Washington the statesman ard all being honored tomorrow. His self-sacrifice, calm guidance, and indominable leadership in thb^'tiiheiS Of wiar and peace should furnish iiSt-ohe of'©ur brightfest inspirations in these iinies of blackouts and foreign aggression. 4^ashSngton didn’t like war; We don’t like war.P 5 Bht he'was willing to organize and lead his sfifiall arniy of never more than a few thci^and’iweary men thtough cold and heat t© gain freedom from foreign oppi'ession. And ii«jwr>w© are hgain' called upon to protect that Isaih© fi^dom from that same enemy. ^ ’ • Today isntt^ first time we AmeriV^^s
: m- .;/ ' ■ VC.
University Preshjienaii''Church North and Grant Streets John W. Findley, Minister. 9:30—Student Cl(tss, taught by
Mathe-
Ser-
Tempta-
have been for6ed to fight for ©uf %©fitages Siime Washington’s dag' we hay© engaged ifi several bloody wars to defend our ideals and our way of life against their foes. Even before our nation was a generation old, We had been challenged by France, Tripoli, and Great
Britain for our right to exist unfettered as Dr. (3. It. Gravc.s of the we wished. We fought our own Southern matics Dcpaitnient. and Northern brothers and we killed Mex- lO;.30-—Morning Worship, leans and Spaniards in bthpr t^afs during the ^ couhse of the’ development’of bur freedom. ■$’:46.^s6htihy Evening C l u b. Twenty-five years ago we plunged into the silpp^rl a'Social Hbui', first World War ’’to make the World safe for ing and a discussion. The Guest deifiocracy”. Ouh^sU'ccess was short-lived, but Professor M. G.
we haven’t lost faith. '> c We can’t lose faith. Our life as independent people depends on faith in ourselves, our way of life, and in God. Washington didn't give up after that bleak' winter at Valley Forge; we won’t give up after this bleak winter at
Bataan.
Yet; it is doubly significant that we honor George Washington’s Birthday tomorrow. His spirit still lives, f.1.j.
Personnel Notes iW ■■)..! ill ’■’CoiHpanifes Scheduled To yisit tlie: Uaihpiis “ ' ; y •' If any senior is interested in an interview with any of the following companies, complete one of the yellow “Request for Interview” cards, a supply, of Which is in your school office. You will be notified by card from the Personnel Office when^to sched,ule fob an interview:-Hai-nischfegor Corporation, Milwaukee, Wis.—Coming soon. Ushco Mfg. Co., Inc., Frankfort,
Ind.—Mar. 2.
’ Corning Glass Works, Charlero,
Mellon of the Chemistry Depart- p^.—Feb. 27. ME, ChE, EE, BS and ment. • His spbject will be “What PhD in Chemistry. Physicists.
Science Means to Me.’
S.
Purdue Christian Foundation
Sunday Program
At Lafayette Christian Church 9:15—Catch ride from 131
Grant.
9:30—-Student Class. Assemble downstairs. Don Aper will lead in sinking. Rev; Doyle Mullen will close his series of two talks on
Metropolitan Life Ins. Co., Actuarial Division, New York, N. Y."-— Undergraduate men for summer work, especially those with a majpr in mathematics. Anyone interested, please sign up in the. Personnel Of-
fice.
Eli Lilly and Co.,' Indianapolis, Ind.—Coming Soon. Pharmacists, Chemists, Chemical Engineers, and
Science.
Detroit Edison Co., Detvoit,
Saturday, February Swimming—State High School Meet Indiana Hampshire Swine Breeders’,,4sao. Sale 8:00 A.M.—FreshmOn Lecture 2:30 P.M.—Wrestling—Northwestern Univex’sjty, ....; 3:(i0 P.M.—P.I.A. Tea Dance".. 7:00 P.M.—Newcomers Dinner Dance ... 8:00 P,li.—Student Coop Dance 9:00 P.M.—Mixer .V '9:00 P.M.-^Teri’y House Datice
... Horse Judgipg-PavUion Hall of Music, ....Fieldhou.sd'}';V>^yy.....South;^aih'‘Oom?''!! .....E.J^W^ JPamd^SC^es., ’ tJnion , ‘■‘’'IS ..;.Ro6ips ...Both H|9’l|r,66^^ Union ; .v-y;©08W^d&r“vtr“-"''^
Murphy
-TOKYO-
-BERLIN
Gxiit'
Nmilfl'
-OAMOi-
-3 won
“Your Problems”. Come and get _ „ _ _
wak going to ————consult the answers to your personal prob- Mich.—Feb. 24. Juniors for summer —^— about the ^ —- for the future, lerhs. work. Sign up in the Personnel Of-
——— 10:40^—^Church Worship Service, ttoe. yWc ai’e going to have to attend the typewriting “Religion and Our Problems’Ms the ciasses in the future with the fear of black outs and subject of the sermon to be the War Council’s consefvation of power. All news- preached by the Rev. Doyle Mul-
paper men, and also this colujnriinist, has the unfor- len. ,
tunate habit of using the hunt and peck system on 5:15—10-cent Supper at 131 S.
’ • On one of the other publications of this world, we t-fead; an interesting article telling of the* suicide of : the author of “Pack'Up Your Troubles In Your Old , Kit Bag”. This gent was 60 years old, which would fiiake him eligible for draft again. Our theory is tivait with next registration not far off and tliis rationing business—his kit bag was too full. Ho was militaristic about the whole thing—he used a shot gun—nerves no doubt too unsteady to use his army . rifle.
the typewriter. The other day we were sitting here Grant, writing this stuff when the conservation of electricity 6:00—^Sunday Evening Forumwas carried a little too far. The following is a sam- At 131 S. Grant (note place of meet-
plc of what we wrote during that dark age cidk 1 dofur kdig aidjg gdidns akc,iv3”.
-“aidmf
■ Kellogg Go., Battle Creek, Mich—Feb. 23. EE and ME. Also sophomores and juniobs ME, EE, and ChE for summer work. If interested in an interview, sign up in Personnel Office befoi’e 1 p. m. Friday,
Feb. 20.
U. S. Navy Yard, Naval Aircraft Factory, Philadelphia, Pa.—^Feb. 26, ME (Aeronauticals), Chemists,
ing) Prof. Frank Hall of the History Department will lead the dis-
———i——— cussion on the, cjuestion, “Where Do Mets Physicists.
The University has an excellent tunnel system We Go From Kcre?” Doyt Hamil- Pjjrfect Circle Co., Hagerstown,
' ” ’ ton and Bob''’femith will lead us in incl,_Fcb. 27. All engineers, pre-
worship. --Ptiecreation and singing me.
(Continued from page 1) - y pean agents out of the Americas, T^ree ;Uxiive^ty ifer^ates ar^v the Latins developed a' case of ^ “Yankeephobia” which continued f^ x tlip iQoq'c ^»te Battery, Fourth.vPlatbon, at uniu rne s. Monroe, Va. The.,sergeants in. Promises by President Wilson, , , _ nWn- Mor and later by President Roosevelt ® '“at? ai to keep armed forces out of South ^Ibertjtoum^ CE^P,,^4^oy At^, America aided in reviving the spirit • j ’
of the Monroe Uoctrine as a “policy of all the nations concerned”.
Situation Delicate
Professor Murphy stated that a difference in mannerisms between bile sea-coast batteryilh Califpimia the American popplGs make the sit- as a meteorologic dbservfei’i* uaHon delicate, but that vve can According, to the presenii; tentareacH the middle class by appealing tive plans," the men will rbCfei^^^ to their sentiments regai'ding “life, missions as second lieutenants fol-
Previous to tHeii’ prisient'^positions, Baumle soi'vedlak.'maatoi gunner at Camp Pendletpn./in .Virginia,' while Atkinson Was ?ibcatecl in a mo-
lowing the graduation oerfembtlies td be held in April at Camp Davis in
North Carolina.
will be included in the program
We’re all beginning to feel this wah—at the ahdws it cost us three cents extra, can’t buy tires, . cars, cokes, sugar, or a “ncws”paper. With one stroke of his pen-^Roosevelt has' changed the Price .(Byim) of all publications. With more censox'ship proihised for future this column may x-eally get a little color—all black! The column of the future xnay read-^“wc heard the other day that —
.set up that we could use in ease of a blackout. With the tunnel in the Union and in WHR unused—prac tically—we can all cither I'un for one of these she!
toi's, or just pull up one of those ii’on things in the which closses promptly at 7:30.
sidewalks that ai-e always so slippery during rainy weather and jump in whei’c the heat isn’t neatly as bad as some places we’ve heard of—on our next newspaper job we’ll be able to verify that statement.' Bo sure and read “Boasting the Axis” in the Hades
Herald.
U. S. Naval Yard, Naval Aaircraft Factory, Philadelphia, Pa. — Group meeting Thursday, Feb. 26 at 4 p.m. iri Room 214 M.E. M.E.’s and Aeronauticals, Mets. Physicists, and
Chemists.
Merry-‘Go-Round ' (Continued from page 1) Coast oi the United States, and even Detroit, might be vulnerable to attack. • ■‘j'f All this is why U. S. strategists ate- conHneed that the BritislxAiiieX’ican fleets must concentrate ffiefir operations in the Atlantic (jyeri'at the expense: of the Meditei^ranean; why the British may even have to Withdraw their fleet frdjm the Mediterraneah. ' f The Pacific is a different problem. But in the Atlantic U. S. adniirals feat’ disastrous consequences if the Allied fleets continue to be divided bc'tweeif iilib MediteiTanean and the North Atlantic. This question is going to be one df 'thb' most Vital debates facing Allied cominanders^c specially with the. French fleet getting restIfess'iix %he Mbditerraheahv '- ■' ‘ ' • "Mrs. Roosevelt's Proposals Mrs. Roosevelt has made some proposals to the Army and Navy that more recognition be given Negi'oes in the armed services. She has proposed a colored flying squadxx)n and colored tank units, con* teiiding that if px-oper recognition is given to the Negro he will prove just as valiant a defender of his country as axxy other citizen. Mrs, Roosevelt has also taken up the cudgels on behalf of Negro claims that they should be eligible to commissions in the Navy; Behind-the-scenes, this has created quite a furor, because the Navy has not been open to comorissioned colored officers in the past. And so far the Navy has ans'w'ex’.ed a flat-footed “no.” v’Th'c Army, 'however; has not closed the «loor to colored officers. Colored c g -pi px i s s i.p n e d .efficers
The Wesley Foundation Sunday
Program At The
First Methodist Church (Coi-ncr of (Jhauncey and South
Streets)
—s- . 9:30 a.m.—Three Student Clas.se.s. Pardon us for running away this Way, but the 1. Does It Matter What I Believe,
telephone just rang and. the only person that ever tahght by Rev. E. R. Balsley. 2.
asked us our telephone number works for the gov- The Sermon on the Mount, taught havrc^nSletod theirbasic ^ ernment-on our local draft board. by Mrs. E. R. Balsley. 3. A Major .t.^ction at Randolph Field, Texas.
• . ' ... Social Problem, taught by Mr. J.
C. Franklin. .
10:40 a.m. —Morning Worship. Dr. Steele will u.se as'his theme
“Repent and Believe.”
2:30 p.in. — Union Communion
Scrvke at thc^West L^cifi^otte Bap- suiiTent Officers'and were known
officially as class 42-D.
liberty and the pursuit of luxppi-
ness.” '
“We can’t afford to see those countries penetrated by the axis, and won’t see it done,” he said, pointing out that we must be will-
ing to aid^ these people who have ... announces the ek^ipn of ;P.''A, been inert politically as well as Sterrett, president; along industrial lines. vice-president; Zahne pplgH^^
Three talks remain to be given
Hort Society
Victory Gardens (Continued from page 1)
foods contain several vitamins which are lost in canning pi’ocesses
served in the ilast war, and until he retired recently, there was one colored brigadier general in the Army. So far, however, the Army has not welcomed Mrs. Roosevelt’s proposals of colored air squadroms and
tank units.
• President Vargas Dream center for this state-wide progi’am, Madame Vargas, . wife of the cooperation is being given by repPresidont of Brazil, rcmai'ked resentatiyes of the Farm Security about her daughter the other day: Administration, county “triple A” “I don’t know what to do about Al- officers and other interested groups.
Former Students Finish Basic Flight Instruction Three former University students
Tkey are Irvin D.. Gentry, Anderson, ’39-’41; Walker M. Mahurin, Ft. Wayne, ’38-’40; Carroll D. Willcox,
HVatervliet, N. Y., ’36-’38.
They were members of the second wai'-timc class of Aviation Cadets
in the series of six which the War Council,is sponsoring. Those w.ho will .speak at future pxeetings include Px'of. J. W. Robipson on “Bill of Rights. During War Times”; Prof. Robert Phillips on “Peace After the War”; and Prof. J. A- Estcy Qxx “Post-War Epoixomies”. All speakers are members of the history, economics, and govornipqnt department. . PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS!
secretary; Floyd Bass,; treasurcri
and Gordon Myci's; forger.
UR. PAUL A; RISK e DR. LUTHER A. Ri&K DR. HAROLD ], RISK \4oq.4()4 ,5c|i,hiH .IMg,. 4th arid St. ■ .Lafayette
zira. All she talks about is the United States.” This remark illustrates not only the txemendous wave of Brazilian sentiment for the United Stales but also one of the chief reasons for President Vargas’ pro-American policy. All his children, plus his wife, have visited here. One boy spent four years at Johns Hopkins; Alzira has made four trips to the United States; his second son is now here studying mediciixe. Vargas himself has never been to this country, though it is his ambition ■ to come. However, a few day.s after the Rio de Janeiro Conference he sent his Minister of Finance and his closest friend to Wa,shington as a step toward fulfilling a long-cherished dream. That dreanx is to develop the vast Aixxazon valley and ixxake it the heart of Brazil, just as the Mississippi Valley has becoixxe the hcai't Of the United States. For years, inost Brazilian presidents have considered the Amazon the back door of the country. They xvere content to let it remain malaria-ridden, without communications, inhabited by wild jungle creatures aixd Indians. Few high officials had ever visited the country until Vargas made an extensive tour. Ho bclicycs that this , v^st ti'op-
and are less plentiful in other foods. Gsf Church. Rev.^E. R. Balsley will
Although the Utxiversity is the Gic meditation.
5:45 p.m.—Wesley Vespers. Professor Howard Hughes of the Mathexxxatics Department will show a Colored picture, “Traveling Through Yellowstone,” which he took. At the worship service the play, “One Thing Thou Lackest,” will be presented. Evci'y student i.s invited to
attend.
Infornxation on the family garden budget has been prepared here by the' extension dep'ax'tnxent of home economics and helps for garden planning are being published by other departhxeiits Mentioned here. In addition to these activities county gai’den conxnxittccs ax-e now being organized in all the counties of the state to discuss and cope with the probleixxs which will ax'ise
THE EATING HOUSE COMPLETE KAMPUS KITCHEN
Everything for « College Education DEAC’S
LAST DAY—^ FEATURES EDGAR WENNIPY i- f 'PARDON MY ItRiPES" ^ PLUS—-■■■■
Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church Corner Columbia and Chauncey
Streets
Joseph Baird Gleason, Student
Pastor
9:30 , a.in.—Roger Williams Club
in connection with the thousands of, cla.ss Hour. “Pop” Gleason^ teacher.
farm and family gardens xvhich soon will be flourishing throughout
Indiana.
ical area can supplement the industrial production of the United States, supplying us xvith rubber, vegetable oils, and all of the tropical goods we once i-eccived from the Dutch East Indies and the Philippines. Finance hlinister Souza Costa, now in Washington, is not seeking a loan (Bra'zil has $66,000,000 of lend-leasc funds to her credit) but materials, technical equipment and advice. With hixxx is Valentixix Boucas. President Vargas’ golfing partner, who has made 26 tx'ips to the United States ixnd is another important supporter of the strong pro-American policy followed by Brazil. (Copyright, 1942, by United Pea,- .. tH.re,gyndicato» jne,) . . ,
10:35 a.111. — Church V/orship Service. Sornion—^“Josus and the. Power of Endurance.” Choir directed by Inah Gruyer Price. 2:30 p.m. — Union, Communion Service, spon.sored by Tippecanoe Mini.sterial Association. 5:30 p.m.-—Roger Williams Club Social Hour. 6:00 p.in.—Roger Williams Club 15'Ceht lunch. 6:30 p.m.—Roger Williams Club Discus.sion Hour. Px'of. Fizz, surpiise program conducted by Ray Goldsmith. All students are welcome.
GILLESPIE'S Dishes Silverware Glassware Cookins Utensils Dining Room Furniture 221 Colurhbia St. Phone 6405'
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY t-
ALSO
"JUNGLE GIRL," Serial LATEST PATHE NEWS
SUNDAY - MONDAY JUNGLE CALVALCADE HIT THE ROAD POPEYE CARTOON
We Are;'EqUiiJp'ed to Vulcanize Your TIRES Motor Oil Oil Filters aiul Cartridges Batteries Chas^iK Lubrication Front Wheel ltesi>oke Davis Standard Service State and Grant Phone 5941
Bill ELLIOT --r Text JRIITTfiB 'BULLETS FpF J^NI^Ijy^ SUN~rMONSi%Trs"~"" y-.
PLUS
LAUREL and HARDY IN "GREAT GUNS"
fijuJvdug, £xponit^ All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second tlass mailer at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of GongFes.s of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, )917, autbumed January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $l.O0,
IJditor-iti-Chief.. News Editor Bportr Editor....
...Ned A. Ochiltree ..John I-. Tradgott Phil Johnson
Bu.siness nisnsger Managing Editor,.., Coed Editor.,..,.....,,.,
.Don S. Powers Iceland tV. Ruffner Roth Bose
,1. fin.' Ill, ■ 1 Publication Staff AcBociete Editowi EditnrUl Rloff: J. F. Amw, J. H. Armstrcing, p. J. Dropby. B. L, Hadley, I. Jones, E. G. Kieper. Sports Etaff: O. T. Clark. J. 1). X'raiier. J. B. Kcclcr. Coed Steff:'Mary "K, Boynton,'Alice Chatfleld, Jane Kamadeil.
Business Staff Cqed Burineaa Manager t Uonna Slesa; Office Manager: Lee Bosaong, Bocal Adveriiaing Manager*: K. K. Gjemrc, R. B. Sagton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: 'VV. I). Millard. . J unior. CQcd Managex*;.. Jean .Prankcnbwry,. rrspeea. Lltud, Julia Martin.
Phenes: Editorisl and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792
Represented for national advertising by National Advertlsmtr Service, Inc.. College. PnUUshara .RepreBantatlves., 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issuo
. .Kttitt ISditeri D. W. Ochiltree Day Editors Chatneld
Isnue Editor: Brophy Sports Editor: Sowards
Rtnortors: . Roquemore. Hunter. Rafert. Hoft'mun, Wolf, Gla.spie. Beall. Hass.
e—, with I LEW AYRES LIONEL BARRYMORE ANN AVARS • ROBERT STERUNG
STARTS SUNDAY cofliie^Nv/kmi
HELD OVER '' ' .L Late Show Tonite 11:00 P. M.
because he don’t know how to kiss
March of Time Far East Command
Stage Shows at: 2:05 - 4;4Q :I;15-9:50
IN PERSON
36
PLMflNL/M BEAUTIES
36
With Edith Rojgipfs DAHL Tho Brillhint Artiste, Who Sixvod Her Husband from Gen. Franco's Firing Squad! . ? : V : * — ON THE SCREEN — Brenda JOYCE Joseph Allen |r. — Cdbina Wright
ALL SEATS M:30 te 1:30
'fa*
ALL SEATS 1:30 to 6:00
6:00 P. M,
TO CLOSING 40«tixlnR.
Balcony
Main Floor:
.SOc Tax Inc.
Children (All Day).... ..17c,Tax Inc.
f
I' 1'Wiscotiluf fatia' vm'libn of tho ^8jt/::lVIon^^;V«ight’^ "40-34; Boilei^
pver the Ba^gbi’s sh^
qJ ihe
■;. jllfi ■,: >. Tijjes|iiy If^'llg'wiftg thre
. ■ ■ • . ■■ ■:•.. V.;
Almost a hundred athletos will lif
;-i$tjc(ijrgfin of?.the W o-: .mj ,r «.,j.,^>^
jcamfe !out witlii'.^^The Badgers were -2T/ 1'^42
#ttt.'givdil'''miach'^ihance to upset Putt' (r.f «te».5' “'*%^'''^ii:.;'.l<'!t ij^ue on their h^prBdpr prior to . t . ' i ,.. ;
v^itiev^d it early ip /the first half that even the official’s •^er^gpifig to do their best to pre-
iyeht'such-tlpsdt,’*'■"'»■■'
'^(]^ckilni|f”''Sa'i^ Raiiid . ' Maryiti'R'ahd, Cardinal sports ed-
wm
;-r>‘
,itdr, 'aUd; .^tifeVs the story, ^ cb'ri-
|hia.;d^shriptiQn, ■_“As^" thh
Svvifiiiiii^rs
Crown
I ri Boil er m a ki r Poo I
1%
-.IdtfledT&o^yn''',' hacking,
' /^psiiipg’;e^hib|iiph'by'^te
". .Starting promptly at 10 o’clock this morning, the Indiana
^|toilermakers ^ the complete State High School Swimmihg Meet will get under way in the ' cpncerped but Fieldhouse pool. ,. Since 110 entries, representing 12 schools
are scheduled to perform, the Koosier high school lads will
otttcoftie/wd's'only made close by the compete until noph, When they will take time out, and then eiforts on the part of the rosume their tank activities — ^— — ■ ■padger^. ■.■ ' - '■ -...4.^,'' 4. „ ■ - X ,
’¥v4in,‘it/ - 4. i once more, starting at 3
:i\. -In scoring bftt three points oli - j#e-ffel^ goal a^. a free throw, John o’clock this'afternoon.
S^dtZ’ p’rosp.ecfe for breaking any Plenty of Taiept il - ^ I «ng«as look a decided droi ; Coa# Tl/ ■
j^ unsoWe^ mystery on the part of yesterday afternoon tliat this meet ^^iscwsm ifanB is why the officials should be ofie ^ the finest evk^ ^Ven deignpa to awai^^^ with plenty of good talent being ® '-f' .throw. The featured, The likeable Bdilermaker
A.A-U. Indoor Track Meet, scheduled to |ret wi Fipldhfiifsfe this aftiE^opn at ^ Hailing from Notre Daiitie, Indiana, and Butter as well as from the frosh and vatsdt^ii|®alBs |^^
rir..-. the runnera Win" <sc^^|
engage'
pto^am of iudswr field events^ O^n To illl ' Ahy Atfilate jre tern Atfilkie
^hatie'ineiitor thW hilded/hT^^^^ “We’re thru” ; “Let’s with-
^BOekedlia. %o b^ pdn IBlankeri, that sonie of these boys win debide rfvaw^h^fnrp wa’rp thrown nn |mdde guafd. ;on pne of the rare to continue their edwatiort here at before we re thrown OU occasions When he was allowed to the Uhiversity ” ' * * exercepts from an article
^is^a^s^^ball.” r
Dai^^^^ did not stop Bend, winners in the Northern Student monthly at the Uniit"s flagi^hcies there. League competition, is expected to versity of Chicago, titled i'CreaL PdotbaU Block’* ’ set a fast pace, while the hoys from “We’re Thru.” f '**On one occasion Bob Sullivan Wiley of Terre Haute are also rated If the magazine. Pulse, repre^as slammed to the floor on a greai; quite highly. Coach Papenguth also sents a cross section of the student football block by Menke and Blank- pointed out that for the past two opinion at the U. of Chicagb, the
Mai:
Elwai'd, Purdue foot^^ years Central of South Bend grab- students are all for withdrawing coach can u.se pictures of that block bed championship honors in their from the conference before they’re
|rKeri:he op^8-|p^ft^ practice. Thk league, only'tp suffer defeat at the thtown put.’’ The ^faln Pf att%d ^rowd Was huiriore^ when Sullivafl hands of Hammond, ip the state ing an institutiQn wlio^e haskethhU htrUggled to the free throw line to meet. team has lost 12 consecutive con-
attempt tvro free throws.” :* Local interest will be provided by ference games this season has^
.' - Badger reading the story entries from Lafayette as proved too much to be borne". Part about the,“uhcailed fouls” were said Well as the entry from West Lafay- of another quote in the article to have been'a^ed by the presenta- “We’reThru” in theFebruary edi14, i. Trophies To Winners tion of Pulde. ’
Trophies will be awarded to the Can’t Wait
winning teams and the first five men jt seems that tbe students of Chito place in each event will each re- cago are endeavoring to beat the ceive medals. ^ ^ Confej’ence to the punch.. Thfe „di-
vectors of the Conference meet the
totffiy's-sessffins wm be;wenty^five flftn of next m^h to decide upon
various circumstances effecting; the
the hekertoWitness the entire meet gjg Ten, and .Chicago forsees a may he purchased for thirty-five i^ove to oust them from further
cents.
tipn of Boilefniaker ' tactics.
T (Editor’s note]U'‘What? No Cecil
JiWaterloo’’ Poiit^
^ CARDS
AU OCCASIONS
Book Store
Aefbss .Frpm Union
NIBRpe PARER TOWELS^ Mope &el.fer' > Rrieos to Suit ’’
V.i , PHONE 7828 CO.
Dr. A. M. Irion — DENTIST — It9Vi Northwestern Aye. Phone 4965
Suits fitted to you and you alone
Your new suit will fit ypt^ to perfec- <; tioii if it is custom tailored by SPlREiAHl
Phone 6030
conference play.
The Force holds that since Chicago’s enrollment is the smallest in the Big Ten, its scholastic requirements force athletes to study instead of practice,’’ and since it makes no effox’t to get high school athletes anyway, athletics and the universities educational sys,|em don’t mix”. r '. - A few suggestions that tlie'Fprce (^ered in place of the ba^ketbail team are: hiring a group of prbfessipnala, supporting the Chicago Bears, and Withdrawing fronV has- • ' \
► This Polk Must' Be A Gianf Jt was interesting for us to read in “The Daily Cardinal”, Wisconsin student publication, an account of the WiBconsin-Purdue^game last Monday night, Accpr4ing to the story in this paper, Polk must be about six feet,.eleven inches and Weigh about; 238 pounds. We,; quote, “So closely boxed and shoved'around was John Kot«, |He leading bpnfk^kce' scok was a tribute te his outstanding ability that he even managed to get fiis bands bn the ball.” ► Poor John G0t Shovei^ Around W.e agree very heartily wi^h.,th§! statement. However, it Was not Purdue’s “rugged guards" that ,bid ;boxing, it was a one hundred and fifty-pourid, fiyb-fqbt .tefirijigsk dkbnaive^^^a^ Folk. It certainly is a darn shame that little Johnny kot? hasdit learned how to take care qf himself against such “rugged” cqinpetitiph. The main reason we make' a; point of this instance is because we are remindedbf 'the two close decision whjeh the Badgers stolf froin the Boilermaker^ last season, being bn to win the ’ National Chainplonship. Come on Wisconsin, this is big time hasketbalk ndt a junior college loop. ► Wrofji^erjE ihd Home Coach Claude Reeck's once defeated Wjbbtling^eam will face NorthWestern this ..afternoon in their last hoffie inatok of the season. ft shonld be another match ftfil of close cbmpbtitlbn in all Weights. If you haven’t seen this 1942 Boilefmafcer mat team in actibh, don’t miss them this afternoon. They’re fast, aggre.ssive,' smai't,' and never give up'uiiitili the "fittal second. It’s the gp?eatest wicstling squad in Purdue fetog^lf, . I ► WeSeeByThePapeirsi— It’s interesting to read -in the metropolitan papers jdst Who we’re going to have for athletic director and head football coach. It’s darn nice of them to let us aU know. ' The action of the Indiana Higl^ School Coaches Assbeiation is rather interesting, and certainly unique in this state. We suppose it is a replica of the action taken by the similar Ohio organization which aided in putting Paul BroWn at OidoJiState. ' ► Hope It's Only A Sli^gbstipn It’s very fine fop' the Association to make suggestiohs, for; as they say, it would tend” to bring the state university in closer contact with the high schools.” Bbt since this group is responsible for sending most of their athletes to the Univei'sity, they may possibly gain iripre influence in the matter than would be beneficial. It’s a good idea as long
as it’s only a suggestion.
Waiting for a chance to gel some to enter the batting pwetice, 43 varsity basebhll pf is
hopefuls have been spending the
past two weeks on calisthentics and we
pitching drills in the Boilermaker Heats will fee mnhi,th§fi9:J Fieldhouse, find
While Dutch Fehring, varsity Uia- the guf^er
moud mentor, is continuing with tiop r:^^s,w^Jb|.n|e^.j|:!^^^^
jjambei’t - assistance on the frosh
hardwood squad, Pop Doan and Beii; and heat timea wp^ kiS Sanders have been directing the pre- termine the wil^^tS seasog operations of the squad. First Appearance At Batting practice^v^I ^t^ uik^ Last yeara^g^il^^g
way at the close of the basketball
season,, when workers remove the pwet.helW at hardwood floor from the Fieldhouse. g^ge for the Returning to the I94fi baseball The Msh i^e'
squad to bolster the 43 aspirants are amateur runners consiat'b^tte^^!l^ Don Blanken, Walt,Lejfheit, apd fr.v today’s meet is'.tiieifii^t;^,rfa^^&' Claseman, pitchers, all Who saw ac- tho lo^al Fie0bou|fc^u^^^
tion last year, Blanken has been de- yeraity
ferred.from reporting until the close outdopy mggt,'tf kboach Ward Lambert’s hardwood during thglrk^iak of season. on a Sund(^.
Ernie Young apd Roger Giase- ,v/ .
man, catchers from last season’s j|j|‘ ‘ ^ squad, have reported for duty on ~
the 1942 Febring-coached teamFielders with experience hold-over are Kasznia, McFerr.en, Carson,
Cook, and RawLes.
& S-'..
In fildhouse At 2:30
Boxers ’^ftom; tfe;’
their first tabtb bf la^in'o^
Coach Cleyett and five members of the Bpilexbiaaker squash squad, took leave for Ann Arbor, Mich., this mbrnlng ^o partake in a squash .inaicK with the Wolverines schb’duled for two-thirty this afternobn in the Wolverine fieldhouse. &’^h®i'>&i6a*ehri:JWith the men from
Miehigan will make the sikth fbf the Boilermakers this season; five of which have ended with honors going to the Riveters, and One vice versa. A brief summary of the squash schedule and record of the Riveters is as follows: first the wins, over Culver Military Academy, 7 to 1;; and again over Culver, 7 to 6; Northwestern, 5 to 0; and Chicago, 4 to 1; next the defeat at the hands bf the St. Louis YMCA in the annual squash tourney at St. Louis, 4 tb j.
Riveter wrestling enthusiasts Will have their last look at the stellar Purdiie matm'en for the present season at 2:30 Ihis afternoon in the Fieldhouse, when they meet Northwestern. This squad, which is sparked by undefeated Capt Fredericks, has chalked up four victories and an AAU championship against their siiigle defeat at the hands of the
niini.
Won One, Lost One Northwestern which has a victory over Bradley balanced by a defeat from Chicago in their last two starts Will give the Boilermaker wrestling fans a real climax to the best season Coach Reeck’s matmen have had in some time. Dick Truhey, Nil's mighty 128 pounder with nine victoi'ies in ten matches, may prove a thorn in the Boilermakers’ side. The starting line-up for Purdiie Will probably include: McDonald, 12i; Fredericks, 128; Matovina, 136; Williamson or Gregory, 146; Gi-eg-ory, Clasemann, or Dayis, 165; Eviston, 175, and Ruggerie as heavyweight.
own stpmpihg gfquhda'igs^p ^
day when they take, pugilistic iendeficies college, Rehskefaeiri
going the firbiig' yeiffiiaTworm is-al^^f , military ‘ taette, face. .The .hoxqrST^ye so far in the season; apd Miu-ray State' of Kentucky, both of dropped. ; ' Although the $ Wetcr have lost the tw.b i two of the mefi ords. t.o ■ 'show.'Baughan and Hoti their bouts of the season to spare. ■ ' - ' >
Riviterm,
II .ir.» .1^'
NEW sweatIrs
Gay and colorful but sturdy and Ipng wearing. Smartly patterned and smartly styled. They’re ^ Sweaters that you will be proud to wear!
t
WEST LAFAYETTE
HOME!
Let me Ex|idnent take all
campus iiews to any part of the country for you. Save
the time and worry of letter writmg—Seiid the Exponent home six days of every week.
■'v
Subscription $2.25
Ineligible
... because of scholastic difficulties, Hank Clason, former Northwestern hai’dwood captain, is now on the sidelines. Clason, although held to two points, was a sparkplug of the Wildcat attack in the last battle when Piggy Lambert’s net snipers defeated, Northwestern, ,50-41.
it tka madara wooifltt, it ini||i9s to aftrcKt. t« plaaie, to charm,!aoh yOwig, hnilhh detifaMo. It qlte tariiM Luminous Lura, tha modam all day imko up which onabiaa you to aehiave this aituring, glam> orous appaaranca.
GLAMOUR, net always Mm gift of Nature, can be effectively acquired by the use of thb Mast cosmetic eraalien. It needs no retouching during the day and is most beautiful without powder.
Lumin&s
Meet Better Turner Over the Week-Eucl
(Continned from pagp l)’ ' cago quintet here eral people advanced the: bpifiibn that the Boilermak^a scored JOQ poffita find they sired. _ _J Frosty , Sprqwl acqredjYA^^^ in about eight minut^ea no imagining where fie stopped if he had played, fiitire 4Q minutes. Joh% other hand, (abbred ,a than *20 maefiors Agafi^fi ^ roons in a full cem,t«st.i words, if Ward Laials^.jdec^i^^. let Sprawl about full time..tfie_;aetbsifiot estahliah 'oomothing of 'A ’ r«^rd and start cr<^^ng Big Ten scoring honors. " ' . y ^ t Aa, aaide. isade; ■ it;,ia'4fitoie^^l to report that Piggy Coach Norgren in :tfielia8t;ympTO^;. of that M49 runaway something Ofie thi§:, to send my a 3weat;.Mc«ceti^^^ke-t|idMr?!^!^: ara, ao make this: a jl^acfi.m^t 3©^.“^;^;-;^/. Jack Fons iaifie of a scoring tfit’eafi.a^ V fie, pestbyed',.)^J^';|^;.i|i who oiriinsgrily ^ni^jf:^ Wagenburg, Kra|Awi» comprise thr ’ team-- ' Figgy wifi probably and Riley “to Allen Menke in his aceuatomed ptv spot and. Captain Dfifi Bfi^nkefi k Ceeil Polk working hi the bai^ eor The rest of the squad niaking ti-ip inrindes Don G^iL Caress, John C^pnrad; Paid Fri^l Howard Hoffman, Rudy Lawaon «u M;ickey Tierney, I,...... After the Maroon game t^ tel will stay at the Windfiimi#-'lt^ and wait for tfie Northwe^p^'iftij Monday night at Evanston, : ::* Other gamea-toiMtfit atb fcil State and Illinois, l^dfittfiweaifil^ 11 Wisconsin, Micid^;W»«Li^ii|i;J Great Lakes
COSMETIC SHOP
■lYoii
mtmmmPuydueiMxpUhmt ' - '"‘'t^cftirrfay,
^ '. rt ^ \4> {^>1 ^ Febnmry ^1, 1942
iSiiWi4
Virginia C. Meredith Club Hears Address
listen By Prof. McFarland
Better Homes Group P.W.Bridgmaili Will Speak To Hold Conference Af Sigma Xi Open Meeting
On Campus March 5
Indiana’s Bettei Homes and Bet- discuss “Some Recent Work in the tei Gaidens Confeitnce will bo held pidd ot High Piessuies” at an
There’s a new band enteiing the At a lecent Viiginia C Meicdith Univeisity on Thuisdav and +v.u ir.f.,1 .nor.+,i ether fvom the Glen Island Casino Club meetinc: Pi of Muiiel McFai Fuday, Maich 6 and 6, it was an- ^ ® mu ' i ^ thahha-^ been thiilling the ladio and land, of the Depaitment of Home nounced yesteiday by C S Meikle, Sigma Xi next Thuisday eve dancing audiences foi the past few Eeonomics Education, told of the y,<.e piesident of Bettei Homes in ning in the lectuie loom of Stanley
weeks., Hal Mclnt\ie is the head pioeeedings at the National Outlook Ameiica The theme about which the Coultei Hall
man of the outfit and IS lealh doing Confeiente, sponsoied annualh by tonfeience will be centeicd is en Known as an authoiity in the
a wonderful lob gatheimg fiom the the Depaitment of AgiicuHuie, t^,t]ed “The Ameiican Home
few times we’\e heald him Otheis ^^hlch she attended lecently
must have the same idea since the a«hington, D C band has onh been oiganiztd i few Pi eduction goals foi 1942
weeks and all eadt R C A hasunen consideiedln the lepiesentatnes of jointly sponsored by the Indiana it a couple of sides on a Vietoi disc government agencies and agncul Section of Better Homes m Ameiiea The “B” side on the plattei is tuial and educational groups who and the Gaiden Club of Indiana and much the bettei of the two and beais attended this eonfei ence Aecoiding tigen planned to piesent the the title “Fooled” The fiist eight to Secietaiy of Agiieultuie W’lek latest infoimation on development bais of the opening choius are leally aid the goal foi Ameiiea is to pio of bettei home plans as Well as a the selling points foi the side Hal duee all we can and waste absolutely planning and planting piogiam loi uses muted tiumpets with a sax nothing The conseivation pioblem home gaidens NOTICES
“nimp-in” that IS lealh potent stuff will be the i esponsibihty of each ... c„„aU Alpha Phi Omc«n Mcamu
Tho,.„,.,ndc.
by the l)and in a srood s\^eet dance This club mcetinfr Mas the fiist of
tempo, Avhilc Call Denn\
(ill members
methods
Saturdayi Keh 2t Meet at Foundation House at 5 p m Leave there at 6 16 p m to hike to eahin Gomes and refreshments
Discussion of spllng pledftins
- MUNGtR
Tad Bela Pi Interview Boards' Short “re planned and the cost will be 20o per meeting Monday Feb Zi ih room 232 of Person I vrrybody is invited Union at f 30 p m All Interviewers please —GILBERT
iirr ingc to be present ' •—MUNGER ASME Memliers 'Iberi will be a Closid — meeting next liKsdiiy, 1 eb Zi at 7 30 in
Lnglisb Make Up Exams Exuninations the evening in room 207 of th< M E biiildto remove Ls and Is in English will be mg Those membdrs wishing to go must given Saturday iifteinoon Feb 21 in room obtain tickits bv presenting their mem'' 101 of till Ldue ition building Every stii Ixrship curds in tin M L office before dent removing a C must have ii lemoval faatuidiiy noon Feb 21 Pics and movies
of condition eiiid Applnntions should leave will be in ordci their names at tiu English office room 108 of Universitv Hall by I riday Feb 20
—CREPK
ML 10 Make Up exams Examinations to timjie t 111(1 1 uradis in ML 30 will be uiVdi Situiday Maicli It at 1 p nl in room
-lOPlNICA
101 of the Ml building
interisted
Military Adinnccd Course All wliosi mimis appeiir on the
mam bulletin boiiid in the Armory must repeii I to (be mam of flee prior to noon
Applicants e list on the
Please notify me Satin day Feb 21 ti eompleti their medical
■—GLIGLR history (iiustioiinaires
„ field of high piessiues, Di Biidg
Headquaiters foi National Work national The two day piogiam which will society of Sigma Xi to appeat heie
wcio i,g open to the genetal public is
Notices
Stabbuicl aiicl Chus Y itL*»
i ui
tl tv
of tlu
SICI LR
Ptesident E C Elliott, national
, ,, , head of Bettei Homes in Ameiiea,
handles a sei les sponsoi ed by each of the cht- ,, i-i,. i jrifiimc, of ^ormcT Scouts skim n WiIm n «iii ..i all =in.rin<r n \ i xu tt ClellVei tne omciai aaciiess OI „t an open meeting ct Ahili 1 Phi the icst of the disc with his singing f^.^nt option groups of the Home gt the opening confeienee “r th’^^Vn^'n "Vi ,'a.e Z If you want to be in on the msule Ecofiomic School Pieceding the ad ,,5,00 on Thuisday moining Dr m\,ud to Vnd ‘ ‘ ^
SIGI1R
Avhen a band gets to the top c ou had diess bettei stick close to boys in this biieflt gioup The next time you’i e in tow n stop in and gi\e a Imten—thce’ie
good
Surface Noise
Yvonne King made ^uch a ti c niendous hit at New Jeisee’s Mea dow brook that she had to sir
Jane Blank, club piesident, outlined the schedule foi
coming meetings Mtei theaddiess
Maiilyn O’Haia sang Cramer Convo
(Continuedt fiom page 1) depicts his last hold on life
The
eleven encoies of hei vcision of “I second movement includes the well Said No” Han let Claik, Sunni Iviown stiams of the funeial maich Dunham’s singei and Mis Chailie with which the composition is usual Barnet presented Chailie with an associated The thud and final heir to that golden sax Aitie movement ot the sonata is an ex Shaw IS on an eight week’s leaee piession of the flight ot the hcio’s
undei doctoi’s 01 dels—wondei what ‘^owl into space kind of a band he’ll bung back this Russian Number
time Ten of Claude Thornhills The closing numbei on the pio eighteen men ha\e aheady loined giam is a musical inteipietation of Uncle Sammy’s cieve Dinah a native dance of southein Russia, Shoie made hci second appeaianee the Lesghmka Seveial music ci itics, blfore the Piesident last week including Vionski, Babin and the Paradisiacal late Ossip Gabiilowitsch, have com Don’t know how 01 whi but plimented Ciamei on his peiloim Fieddv Mai tin again has one-of the ance of this distincth Russian woik best records of the week, this time The committee in chaige of the its “Heavenh, Isn t It’” Eddie piogiam is composed of William Stone and the quaitette the big fea Fai hei, ehaii man. Pi of J T Gunn ture of the disc, singing some of the and Albeit P Stewait, lepiesent slickest wolds with any melody of mg” the faculty Jim Chase and lecent \intage should put the num Kathleen Haiding, lepiesenting stu
her over with a bang
The backup numbei is a bit of Setbuigei, lepiesenting the Union international publiciti in thiee and Mildied Owens, lepiesenting quarter time The advei tisiiig is foi the Wai Council that loveh lake in Canada I ike Local peifoimeis as well as pio Louise, it must he a wondeiful place tessional aitists will be piesented on But anyway, “When Iheies a latei piogiams in the new senes of
Bieeze on Lake Louise” is the mam heading foi the tune CIvdeRogeis
has the novel choius while the / 1 1 A n I stiings waltz thiough the entiie PfOf. H. A, DOlZ
side
Elliott’s addiess will be followed by an outline ot the purposes ot the confeienee by Mrs E C Clme, of Richmond, Bpttei Homes chan man, and Prof R B Hull, chan man of hoiticultuie foi the Gaidcn Club of Indiana Dr Lillian M Gilbieth, pio fessoi of management at the Uni veisity will then deliver the key note addiess of the conference Foundation Freshmen Plan Election Of Officers The Fi eshman Association of the Univeisity Chiistian Foundation will hold an election of offieeis at 4f30 p m toinoilow at the Founda tfon house at 132 South Giant The office!s who aie eleeted will &upei vise guidance of next yeai s fiesh-
Student War Council Icb 21 at 1 :50 p m »
McctiHL Satuidav I llu Stnatt offict - DIHOS
Union Workers MictmL. (f Itu Dine ind Swinj.’^ Session Committic in Union of I ICC Monday Feb 23 at I p m Chip mm Baumcr Goodemote Stambiueh Pii ^ry Wallillick MtUcfit Haetmcr Bushy Gardener Dittman Rod^ci Fhompsi n McQuislon MacDonald DULSII R
Society of Automotive Fnifincers All members desirmi? to obtain olTiec in the SAL next venr should (onu to Uu meetinK in lofm 03 Union building it 7 iO IbuTs day 1(1) 2) this is"“n m w system iind all inUresUd nieinbds should Ik theu to !?iv< then viewpoinUs ind t) make nominations KLIL WAA Buiif l*on«: I list round of touina in nt mu t be p! ivid o(f by Wednesday Feb luaiy 2r Ihe f< llowimr eiiL me seluduUd If 1 la\ Beck \s Htikirf Shell vs Touts Wat(.rbur\ v's M in/oi 1 vans vs Biuek man Tiustich \s Joins Williamson vs Blink Milki \s Schulur Biadahtw vs I id Wunn 1 i \s Bewd Mdiiun \h Ver J1 tvin Bueiel i IB) vs (amiibil] Ken clall vs Rosenerins SCHUBLR WAA SluiffU board In 1 i j ind of toui n iminl must I plivid <11 Iv Wedmsday Jil 2 lh( fi llONMUk, enls iH sciioduUd t 1 1 ly 11 i I vs Bi \vd VirHoiVdi vs I its Jvdulill vs Sthuber loius vs Mil lev SCHUBLR Alpha Zela liun in ill ni m.> collet ted fiom senioi htfoii Situidav Iib 21 Don t foiyrel th comi osites I will be m the Atriculturist olliei eveiy eveninff at 1 JO P m RAMP / All AericuUurist Seniors there is n cost of Ii 0 fur (m h smior composite pic lure^ to b( hunt, in Ajj Hall Pie ist pay anv Air hi / ta menbei beloi Siturdiy leb 1 RAMP Rifle Club Repirt I I leldhoiise nfle uuike Silurdiv f eb '’I at 2 p m I want to see nil membd there fur m iteh TADMAN
McMAKEN
Toy Beta Pi Meetinj? Wedtusdiv I in loom 2J2 of Union at 4 30 j
I b
PI A Members >\ from J to a f Union
lea d 1 0 p m
It biturdav leb in South Biilroom ABSHILV
Wesley 1 oundalion WAA Cibin party
ASML Diadlnu for membership in ASM I this yiai vsilt be I riday Match C Membership blinks aie available in the M L offue -lOPINKA Prom Committee Mietmi, toni{7l»t at 7 p m in loom 2()1 of the Union BALL Model Railroad Club Meet nt layout ( JO p m Saturday leb 21 instead of 1 p m Walsh wdl be present bmee Me chanual 1 iiKineeiinrr Buildmr? is uow locked Sifurdav afteinoons onlv members will be admitted to layout Saturdays in the futiiu it leiiiKst of deparlmcnt DARK Tndependini Staff Reservations for stair baiuiiut are due m the Indcpnuldit offlec l>v We cine day Teb 25 Signify wliethd vou me bnn}-.ine i date Any )iu not makinr, a n eivation will be left out SMULLVITZ NYA Workers NYA checks for period endinr, I el) 7 ire now available atsthe Cashiers office in the Executive building HOLLENSBE I enters All men students interested in learning lu fence leport to the third floor of the tieldhouse Mond ly Feb 23 nt 4 p m 1 reshincn I'nginters Md t forengitieei mg Iccluu Saturday Teb 21 at 8 a m in the Music Hall KNAPP Society of Automotive I ngineera Will all members who have nlre uly loined the oeiety please sn,n the list on th( SAL bulletin board in the automotive laboraI jy We need yom nanus nddrobsiand phone numbcis to complete our lecords ~K1 IL
Classified Ads
Tyiicwntcrs—AddiiiB Machiiica nil rnnkf* noil ruiltd rcpTired tind piircliaKcd Mime ognii h woi k done ( I Elitraholl, GOo Mam
dent musical oigaiiizations, Robtit Phone 2m ^
Vocal lessons Positively no (liss k son beciuse pupils get little nsult Invite instuctun only I guiiantee r suits t u c( e pupils Aulitun Ir e II ii I Irinl Studio I ahr Hotel Phone 10))
First in QUALITY— First in POPULAIUTY-
I ost Sm-ill P( irl settms, C il Reward
he n \ ) old 1 nil, Ui tii Jean Fa'.'.n icht 8IH 53 !
CROWN CLEANING SERVICE Crown Cleaned Clothes are protected against moth tlainage by MONITE mothproof process. Laundry
Sunddi dlteinoon conceit convoca I ound Aliln thi SiKina pm m Ch
and M(.l Riiildini, Cali Pill Util jO 1
tions
Fraternity Affairs Office Distributes Entry Forms For Chess Tournament Enti-y foi ms have aheadi been distributed to all fiateinity houses fci participation in the all fiatei nity Chess Tournament The contest Ii- sportsoicd bi the Fiateiniti Af fairs Office Fraternities should letuin then li&ts of entiles as soon as po'-sible to the Fiateiniti Affaiis Office as the dates foi the contest cannot bi determined until the pai tieipation li&t IS complete Ani fiateiniti man on the cam pus IS eligible to compete and theie is 110 limit to the numbei of lepie sentatives that a house ma\ entei University Club Bridge Group To Meet Monday Unneisiti club budge gioup imU hold Its eighth meeting of the yeai at 7 so p m Mondai in the East Fatuity Lounge of the Union G 1 Millei, of the mathematies depai t raent, and his wife aie in ehai„t of this session iihich is foi mmbeis of the budge gioup onli A double deck of eai ds w ill bt aii ai ded to both the man and the woman vith the evening’s highest stoics
of the Mechanical Enj,ineei mg sthool IS authoi of an aiticlc on ‘ Oui Piecious Stones Go To M ork ’ vhith IS featuied in a le edit issue of The Science Teaehtr In the aiticle Pi of Bol/ points out tnaiii of the industn il uses ot pit eious stones which aie tlissificd among the haidcst of en^intei in.,, m ltd lals Egg Producers Meef Wifh Prof. J. H. Martin Pi of J H Mai tin head of the poultiv (Jepaitmcnt has been meet ing with eounti a„dits and home dtmonsli ation agents in vuious paits ot the state this week Ob leet of these meetings is to outline the Indiini wai ,,oal foi egg pio duetion Allotted to Inelnina cg^, pioeluceis his been the tisk ot p o (hieing 147 667 000 dozen eggs which IS 12 pel cent abo\e 1 dt e e II s I etoi (K
Sigma Pi
social fiateiniti annouiiec'the initiation of Howaiel Kutseh 1 011 Maine Lelw aid Jones Ja-'pen Robd t Stahn Foit Maine, John Haiiington, ISew London Conn Ilenii Gennett Richmond, and Fled Pu„li Foit Maine The following men weie pled,,eel Iiiin Caipentei Mashmgton D C anei Jesse Sills Peti oleum
6 NEW Ties lor 50c? No—Not New . . . They Just Look N(”w haditune On rleaniiiff rebloies the hilk> lu»lei ol iieiiiu'bs to your ties. Spepial iiigredirnis iietuall> i eliihi ic.ile* tlu* fibres. {'iMiifT a ‘’hilk-mill’’ fiiunli. —Lh! US RLMAI )OUIt IILS ^0\\— DIAL 7278 m\i\m iJiuNDiiY 152 NotlliHPHteiII Are.