fn*'
' '■ I ,''''*' i,i.
S' ^ t'*' JJ ‘ -i
|&
SPORTS WBAA Will Broadcast ^ Pitt Game At 1:45
#''^f.^i^ 4?;., '' J
^CfUi4ie4U
iOlTOftlAL r Coed Editor AdvN^M Riitliees On Rutfi Weolt
Volume 53, No. 24
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, October 4, 1011
Today
yf Swarthout At First Convo j, Famous Mezzo-Soprano Sings Half Classical, ^ r Half Modern Program In Music Hall Concert Ivl/Sfl TO otOrt lOCfOyQQmc Stdfts AtZp.lll. ^
A capacity crowd of 6,200 students, faculty members, and townspeople jammed the Music Hall last night to hear Gladys Swarthout open the season’s convocation program The program consisted of half classical music and half modern Miss Swarthout began by singing “Spiing” by Handel, followed by “Come Again, Sweet Love” and Dido’s Lament from the opeta “Dido and Aenias ” C
As she sang “Rememoer Me'”, one could almost see the legendaiy queen as she gazed upon the retreating figuie of Aeneas as he
sailed away from her Audience Appreciative
The number “Hist, Hist,” lilting and almost gay, brought applause from the audience as the first sec tion of the convo ended The second section consisted entirely of the ana “Connais-tu le pays” from Mig-
non
With Informal Sorority Tea
Flying Cadets Recruit More University Eds
Rear Admiral Byrd To Speak At Music .,0tt.13
Women To Visit Houses In Alphabetical Groups
Activities Bureau To Sell
In an effort to keep abreast of the rapidly increasing production of aimy aircraft, the Army Air Corps will extend its pilot leciuit
Two New Courses In Defense Training
To Begin Tuesdaj ’’“"'S''’*
Headlines Bob Barnes' Music
Miss Swarthout appeared on the ing program to University under stage clad in a gold gown and belt, graduates, according to an an and throughout the evening orange nouncement received from the and blue lights glistened on her to University military department make a very impressive sight Piesident Elliott yesterday gave WhHe singing the Three Songs of hi& approval of the War Depart the Auvergne, Miss Swarthout did ment’s request for the formation
a very good job of acting, and, al though the songs were in a mixture of Spanish and Italian, one could almost see the meaning from the smiles and frowns of the singer Sings “Habanera” For Encore
of the first Pm due Aviation Cadet
Unit for the An Corps
Eight national campus sororities will open their rushing activities this afternoon at 2pm with teas in each of the sorority houses All coeds who registered for rush yesterday
will attend all of the teas _ . . , ,, According to the system de- Curris Wnghr, Allison
Tickets Beginning Today vised by the panhellemc coun- Confer With CE School
^ ' cil all girls whose names be-
Appearmg at the Music Hall gin with the letters A through Gear geometry and sewage treat Morjday, Oct 13, Rear Admiral L will attend teas today at the Kap- ment are the two mo^t recent addiRichard E Byrd will tell the story P£i Kappa Gamma, Chi Omega, Del- tions to the University’s register of his recent Antaictic expedition ta Gamma, and Pi Beta Phi houses of defense training courses, accord He will speak twice, once in the Sunday Teas Reversed mg to Paul M Fifer district rep afternoon and again in the evening Those girls whose last names be- lesentative of the University’s deBoth lectures will bo illustrated gm with the letters. M through Z fense training program with 9,000 feet of now motion pic will attend teas at the Kappa Alpha Classes Begin Tuesday tures, all taken on his latest ex Theta, Phi Mu, Alpha Xi Delta and pust classes in gear geometry pedition Alpha Chi Omega houses At the Tuesday a Student tickets sales will be spon Sunday teas the order will be re- ^ conference last week be sored by the Activities Bureau The veised and the girls who were rn University officials and rep-
Facmg the seasoned Panther football squad at Oakland Stadium m Pittsburgh this afternoon will be eleven determined, fighting Boilermakers doing everything within their pow#r
to bring back a victory.
Although several sophomores, notably Bob Chester and Kenny Smock, half backs, will undoubtedly see plenty of action in today’s game, virtually the same combination that began the Vanderbilt fray will start against the Blue and Gold. Coach Mai Elward couldn’t help comment-
ing on the excellent morale displayed by the team as they departed yesterday evening And the en-
Dance Backdrop Depicts Ed, Coed In Sweet Shop Bob Bam^s and his 15 piece Indiana University campus band will
provide the music tonight for the who is nursing an injured knee regular mixer to be held in both Should the Boilermakers emerge ballrooms of the Union from 9 to victorious in this afternoon’s bat12 tie, it will be Pitt’s first loss in an
Phil Johnson, Exponent Sports Editor, journeyed to Pittsburgh and will cover the Pitt game especially for the Exponent. A telegraphed report of the game will reach the Exponent at 9:00 p m tonight for tomorrow’s
tion.
tire squad was in tip-top condition with the exception of Alex Leugo
T , , , , * ,, , i 1 4. cn t. t fiTci nnn tnrlnv will ho 171 T-liP ^ * Baines IS not new to the campus, opening day home game ui over Initial membership rn this unit, price of the tickets is 60 cents for first group resentatives of the Curtis Wright as he played at the Dad’s Day mixer twenty-five years rich represents the first recruit- second group Sunday and vice Allison nlants. which was last r„„4. tvt„.—tt.„ xi... L Tough Schedule
which represents
ing of undergraduates by the Army All Corps on this campus, will be
The next songs were “El Majo ^nmted to 20 students Upon the Discrete ’ and “Romance de Solita ” bringing of the first unit to the re Following the latter number. Miss iriiied strength additional units Swarthout sang an encore, “Haba foimed Students enlisting nera” from Carmen At this point Aviation Cadets "will not be re Lester Hodges, the accompanist, to entci training until the
played two solos, “The Convent” end of the present term and a march from “The Love of Recruit For Corps
Three Oranges ” These were im In addition to pilots students will mediately popular, and the audience be recruited for An Corps non fly brought him back for two more en mg units These Cadets will assume cores duties in such fields as engineer ing. Beginning the second half of the navigation, communication similar
program. Miss Swarthout sang requiring trained men
“Command,” “Velvet Shoes,” “The flying Cadets must have com Ragpicker” and “Into the Night” P^n^nd a minimum of two years of a group of English ballads As she academic work at a recognized col sang the last song, deep blue light University, and be able to
and Allison plants, which was last jg^g^ November His pretty song
All virN pomp- tbrouirh rush at Meetings of the class will be gt^ess, Annabelle Alexander, who All girls going through rus held for three hour periods on Tues Ug remembered bv all who at tended a meeting yesterday at 4 day and Thursdav evenmes and are wheat rVio fppiiltv Inimo-P of fbo ^ay aiiu 1 nursuay evenings anu are tended the dance last year, is again the taculty lounge oi tne „„„„ 4.„ „ii „„,7 „„„„„„j , ,, ^
feature attraction this year Baines and his band spent the en tire summer playing an engage ment at Lake James near Angola Balloons will adorn the ceiling of
appealed on the back curtain, eoi responding with the spirit of the
song
In Conclusion, Miss Swarthout sang “The Pastuie” and “Miranda ” The audience liked this song so well that she sang “The Clothes I
pass the required physical examina tions Aviation Cadet examining boards will visit the campus peiiod really for the purpose of conduet mg physieal examinations Exam mmg boards at present have pel inanent locations at Baer Field, Ft
Admiral Richard E Byrd
students and will be on sale begin
p m 111 me laeuiuy luuuge ux xne gpg^ gij -vvomon engaged Union at which time the rus ing seeking employment m the de
system and rushing problems were industries explained and discussed ^ ^
Explain Rush Program Prerequisite for admittance is Barbara Ann Atkins, president graduation from high school with
of the panhellemc council pre- ^’sebra, geometry and the ballrooms and at 10 16 just besided at the meeting and explained trigonometry or their equivalents intermission, an avalanche of the rushing procedure which will be Howland Named Instructor balloons containing concealed mixer followed during the coming week Sewage treatment will be split tickets or cards worth two cokes Barbara then introduced Mr Street, mto two divisions, one on design and at either the Sweet Shop or the who explained his duties as panhel the other on operation of sewage Grill will be released over the
lenic lawyer equipment, both industrial and dancers
Following this, Mrs Clara Rader, commercial problems being consid Backdrop for the dance depicts panhellemc rush advisor, spoke ered Professor W E Howland, pf g scene in the Sweet Shop with a Mrs Rader stressed the fact that tbe school of Civil Engineering, will jjgy gg^j g gjj-j dressed in charac the girls going through rush should teach a part of the course and a teristic college dress, talking be regard it as a normal process of consulting engineer will be brought tween sips on their cokes
nmg tonight at either the West making good friends and should not irr to teach the classes on operation Tjje usual one dollar ticket price
desk of the Union or from any stu dent repiesentative of the Activ
ities Bureau
Lions Sponsor Program
deb
„ A x; 1 Wayne, Bauman Field, Louisville, at 1 30 and is pimeipally for chil , ^ ^ , Wear,’ for an encore As a final ^ Patterson Field, Fairfield, dien, although adults with tickets of Women, Dorothy C Stratton and
encore, the two artists. Miss Swarthout and Hodges, joined to present “The Lord’s Prayer,” which brought an end to the pro-
gram
±01 the evening leetuie will be ad
Ohio
Cadet Requirements
Non flying Cadet must meet the lecture at 8 p m are being spon same educational lequiiementb as sored by the Lalayettc Lions club
mitted Both this and the evening ^^e group regarding conduct at
the rush parties and the general
system of rush rhr
the flying Cadets, but may be en rolled with vision as poor as 20/40,
correctable to 20/20
Weather Observer
GivesOfficialReport Frosh Campers Paul Lehman, the University’s and counselors of the last official weather observer, reported four years will meet m the West
today that only 1 70 inches of ram fell during the month of Septem ber This is 1 86 inches below nor mal
Faculty Lounge of the Union to night from 7 30 to 8 30 p m to renew acquaintances and plan a program for next year
Minnesota Honors Virginia C. Meredith With New Dormitory
Plot E F Degering assisted by Justice Rising and Dan DenUyl will act as geneial chairman in charge of the program The pro ceeds from the lecture will go to wards the buying “seeing eye” dogs
for blind people
Started Arctic Trips In ’25 Admiral Byrd’s experience in ex
ploiing dates irom the Navy Mac Millan Arctic expedition in 1925 lor which he was in charge o± the naval operations The next year he sponsored his own expedition to
the Arctic, and with Floyd Bennett University Friday evening, Oct 31,
was t|re fiist to cross the North Saturday
An exceedingly tough schedule faces the Panthers this season,, and reveals Pitt’s drift toward a berth in the Big Ten Coach Charlie Bowser IS on his own^ as the last of the famous football classes which trained under Jock Sutherland hhve Today’s game will be broadcast over WBAA starting at 2 p m (Central Standard 'Time), preceded b> fifteen minutes at
pre-game dope.
passed on In the backfield the Panthers are depending on Edgar Jones, brilliant runner and passer, Walter West, promising sophomore blocking back, and John Ross and Bill Dutton filling the other two posts. Shielding the Pitt backfield will be a virtually all senior line averaging 195 lbs Stan Gervelis, Jack Durisham, Vince AntOnelli, Steve Sinco, George Mitchell, Bob Crissman and Tex Hinte—all are sea-
soned and very capable
University Women’s Dinner Club Make Trip
held then first dinner meeting of Representing the old Gold and
Approximately 700 couples the year, last Wednesday afternoon Black are the thirty-nine tOam danced to Veile Boguc’s “Music in in the west faculty lounge of the members chosen to make the tnp. Vogue” in the Union ballrooms last Union At a reception held before Those who embarked yesterday fivenight from 9 30 till 12 30, as PIA the dinner fourteen new women nmg are as follows
officially inaugurated its 1941 42 members of thqi University staff social season were officially welcomed by the
Novelty highlight of the eve- club
ning’s entertainment was the sing- Miss Lauienza Schantz Hansen mg of fourteen year old Margie of the home economics staff, presiBuiling, who has been featured as dent of the club, presided at the ren
_ _ _ guest soloist for several of the coun- meeting Miss Helen Hazelton of Guards—DeMaria, Ehrhch, Mfiltion, an organization of teachers try’s big name bands the physical education staff out ton. Miller, Powers, Vecs and admimstiators interested pri Backdrop for the dance consisted lined the recreational opportunities Centers—Johnson, Leugo, Rug-
inaiily in new developments in the including bowling, badminton, gieri
field of education, will hold its In- background with the PIA insignia swimming, iifleiy, ping pong and Quarter backs—Cary, Hajiyk, diana regional confer cnee at the imprinted in gold a.nd black on the shuffleboaid which are open to Hams, Kersey, Smerke
. 4... 7._x. . 7. women on the University staff (Continued on page 2)
allow rushing then regular urged all the
pi ograms for the week and then fol-
The afternoon le°ctuie will begin schedule
At the close of the meeting Dean
to interfere with Registration for both courses will will prevail college work She continue until the end of next week
gills to plan then kak
Barbara Adkins answered questions
Dinner Club Greets
700 Couples Hear Verle New Women's Staff
Bogue At First PIA Dance
Regional Education Meeting To Convene At University Oct, 37 Progressive Education Associa-
Ends—Combs, Devine, King, MoCaffry, Rush, Shimer, Sprowl,
Stoelting
Tackles—French, Klem, O’Brjrkn, Rossi, Timperman, Volkman, War-
huge center leaf a p h
By Art Hunter
on agriculture in Mississippi she
Dormitory for college women at was presented a medal inscribed the liiiiversity of Minnesota Farm “Ihe Citizens of Mississippi to the
has been named Meredith Hall, honoring the memory of Mis Virginia
Nov 1
Preliminary plans for the conference are under way and Dr S S
rn'l9287the'fiist Byrd Antarctic Cromer of the division of educa-
tion and applied psychology is serving as chair man of the cxecu five committee in charge of the program which will be ready within the next week Last Friday Dr Walter Anderson, vice president
Pole by ail
Founds Little America
expedition was organized Byrd founded Little America and made the fust successful flight over the South Pole on Nov 29 1929 For his achievements on this expedition
et Weather Shine, Makes
C Meredith, according to word received here from acting president W C Coffey This honor brings to ineinoiy one of the most remarkable women pro duced by the Hoosiei state—one who was known during her life time to countless thousands both in and outside this state Mrs Mere
Queen of Amciiean Agiieultuie” , , Admirrl on his x^uuer77u.., v7v.e Ihis title was piobably the most ‘ foi the mid west states ot the Pio
Ruins Military ShoE Biology Lions Roar
fitting ever bestowed upon her, for she was said to have been the first woman in America to leetuie on agricultural topics and was the first woman institute speaker in this
state
Started Minnesota Home Lc School The honor from Minnesota came as a result of her work there in or
Leaving on the second Byid Ant arctic expedition Get 22 1933, he
giessive Association journeyed here from Northwestern University
By Bob Boswinkle
Ram, it’s here' Didn’t it just yesterday keep “duh who couched that, as he was walkEvery year everyone trys to beat Brooklyn bums from getting their ing on the walk by Coulter Halt n
7 7 +777 nfH M-7V fn n+tP7 .ItuosI *0 confer with faculty members on everyone else to wilting a feature desoived victory’” And doesn’t it day or two after this Califorma„ two veais of exploration within the ‘Hi^^hementh for the conference o" tbe weather It’s much like the keep that coed PE class insiide dm- first decended on the campus, tli*t Antaretie eiiele Upon his return which is expected to attract from yearly race newspapeis have to see ing that 3 o’clock we usually cut to he heard a loud thundering rumblff.
Congress adopted a joint resolution expressing the nation’s gratitude
800 to 1000 educators from through- who can announce seeing the first Watch the dainty athletes wham On investigation, he found that it
out the state a p h
dith, foster mother of Dean Mary ganizing the depaitment of homo L Matthews of the school of Home economics a task she undertook Economics, was the first woman about the trim of the century She trustee of this University serving remained there sever il years, 1898 in that capacity from 1921 until her 1903, before letuinmg to her In death in 193b diana farm where she became pei Farm Speaker haps the most widely road farm For many years prior tp her seiv woman writer in the nation ice at the Univeisity she was leeog She resided with Dean Matthews
and President Roosevelt greeted the expedition when it arrived at the Navy Yard at Washington, D C
ki
Judge Parkinson of the Lafayette Juvenile court will describe some of his work in eonneetioii with delinquent ehil-
PCF Holds Fall Round-up Tomorrow At Tecumseh Puidue Chiistian I oundation will hold its annual fall round up at Camp Tecumseh tomoiiow afternoon All members, particularly
robbin—but we won our race, pant, each other over the head with was one of the Irons roaring not pant N brutal clubs over in the cow pastuie there along the walk He sard fcd More Shoe Shining north of the Music Hall’ asked the cement fellow what wa* Aqua, precipitating from the Boots, Boots, Boots the trouble i
heavens, is just so much shinola The ram does bring out all the Ihe Lion Roars
(very literally) for the 2,000 odd ram coats, and we don’t mind that The lion told him that it was military students It’s all very wel- at all It sort of puts eveiyone in either going to get awful dry in a
uniform and unites us all in the heck of a hurry or he was going tO battle against Giampa Weather, demand for he and his brothers f But then sadly enough it also building just like everyone else iam
brings out all those unflattering aioimd here.
come, however, to the student off! eeis, who usually have the difficult job of booting a large merit line of finely polished under classmen
fieshmen, are invited to be at the back to the ranks This way they rubber boots the coeds bought last Vfe aren’t going to swear thfit
nized as an authoritative speaker in West Lafayette the last twenty dien at an open meeting oi Alpha I oumjation house, 131 South Giant just look at the ram speckled mules year and have been tramping all the above is true, but we do UiuJu. on farm, livestock and home eco years or more of her life and be Phi Omega, national scouting hon Street, at 1 p'm, when the gioup and say ‘Seram punk,” greatly ovei the village in ever since on the that it’s raming'cats and dogs—• nomics subjects Nime knovn and lored bj many m oiaiy, Tuesday evening at 7 30 in will leave for an afternoon ol sports simplifying matters slightest sign of black cloud we just walked outside and stemirf At one time lollowing a leetuie this community room 301 oi the Union. _ and general leeieation at the camp. But ram has its tragic side also. Yesterday we talked to a person in a poodle.
- V.
4
JT’Jt -{S
K ^
\ if V
fii®.
/ ^
4.
Exponent Ekmorial Page Sotuxday^ X^ctober 4« 1941
^ ^.4
Tips To Coed Rushees
starling this afternoon and continuing for jfi wech, over thiee hundied coeds who aie membeis of soioiilies vill meet some 200 coeds who aie desiiious of becoming membeis of these soioiities Each giOup will have some definite decisions to make—the oiganized girls will need to decide which of the giils will Xit into then i^ioiip and contiibute most to their oiganization—the otheis will need to decide with vhich gioup Ihe^ can most happily and piofitabh spend then college yeais Fundamentally theie is piobably veiy little diffeienct between the giils oi between the organizations which they wish to loin and the period of lushing should offei no cause foi woiiy 01 excitement on the pait of either gioup If undeitaken in the piopei fiame of mind this peiiod of lushing should be as Mrs Radei so apth stated in the lush meeting yebteida\, ‘ a natuial, noimal piocess of mak-
ing good fi lends ”
To the lushee this will piobably be a new expeiience ni hei life and if she is willing to “keep hei head” it can be a veiy happy one Most impoitant to tl^kishee is that she ap
pioach the whole situation with an open mmd and not decide before rush starts which group she wishes to join The real purpose of the lush period is to give the rushee a chance to visit all the sorority houses and meet all the gills befoie she makes her choice Another fact for the rushee to keep in mind IS that she should be perfectly natural when \ isiting the houses and not try to impress the gills by acting important or trying to push hei self She may do well to remember that it IS the sorority that is doing the rushing The point that the rushee choose the group in which she likes the girls best cannot be ovei emphasized—remember groups change and the house that once attracted mothqf, aunt or older sister, might not be the one in which she would find her type of friends With the rushees keeping these points m mind and the sorority girls cooperating, this yeai’s lushing period can very well be “p. natural, normal process of making good fi lends ” r h r
qu VttSUIMTOH MERRY-«0-ROUHI
By t)rew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
What Goes On Here?
Lud 1 belts Nom th it issi mil iits 1 1VC iL turned to sL\ti 1 tliiptcis a do ind the 111 t h( 11 tc 1 i L eomii ^ up ^\e stem It tiiid ouiseHt in tht mi! t oi tl e c ci 1 ictiMt t foi the ^e l\t ^ttl tiid is full of d 1 t 1 1 1 utus to 1 tt]) us i\\ i\ li 111 the 1 ds bit ill ttoil 11 1 1 o 11 \ milts—tilings miL,lit\ dpll WGOII—’ Putuic will this m mil tilth all the iitshmiii eotds ji;(tlin^ leidi f 1 t! t ft t d I tf SOI01 lit lush I\oM that the e,uii has tin ilh sounde 1 ai 1 the Gietl iiomeii ii)c lead to picl then i cm lie l^e tl s SOS Me lie hopir^ to sec moic ind molt ol the eocds ii tie class ei 45 We suite 1 eh mi h ill the, so loiities ind the lit shin in ^iils i veil suteesslul lush WGOIl— Bob Paines nd hi Ind in i uni leisiti band mil pi o in loth bill II oins Lonip:lit fo tie iieel ci d ini\ti PI ins halt been male to hold s it 1 anl msht at th s dince iiith h lloons contiitiin ticl ets Ici crl e ai d nc\t iiccl niixei floating doiin on the cioiid at 10 Id i'lnilellc Alexindia the son ties m a one food reason It attei diiv If I oil 1 aie ei Cl seen hei I iioidcl need sii no inoic bile toi those i ho missed hei la t leai — Vnn il tile is flora Kol omo ilout 5 feet G inches tall i loieli biu I neitc and a maiielous singei WGOH—’ \0M that fiateimties hit found lime to tall '‘bout something else be I lie hnen iie aie getting the dope on the annual house danc cs Main of them mil be held one i e 1 ficm toni„ht Bands haie been engaged and mam^ novel ideas foi paiti themes aie tinning up he less than a half dozen d inces aie stheduled foi eitij iveek end ol till month and this column in tei dfa to gilt j ou the loi doivn on these atf uis bcloit tlici til e place W ( OH— dm 1 le 1 edincts i scliediiled loi til tie 11 at ) Delt i ( h mil loll then ai nial Pledf,c B ml it lie eliiptci hou t i th in oft c m jms b n 1 11 e h i e ii ill be deem ited ii ith 1 illboai ds md ti iii anl as th a siicitei dure—a pi i/t mil be* ^iien the ^iil voted th let siieatei ^i 1 Ihe othei pk Ige dai te loi i,,ht mil be held I > Si ina Phi 1 gsilir in then cl ap tei 1 (11 Ih S g I ] s h iie lined III (iiei t si)]lj the music loi tl ( ee i 1 1 W GOH— ' Sdci il 1 i li 1 1 ee I ive been pi limed ud Cl 1 i ih idi been hell Ih 1 hi K ]))> ‘-i^mis Ji m the si nil 1 i e iime ju t Meek ahe i 1 (1 till c lumi Mieiitleil d
The Bottle Aleck
A LETTER HOME Ihe Coll s fieshin in lueiid Vincent, wiote a lettei home this week rile bo\ let us le id the messige befoic he sent it Wo aie going to le ])io luce it heie Ue 11 J uiiily Its -,etting cold down heie it PuiduO now ind you e in send me that exti i bl ml et You c in put in i cal e oi some fiied chicken oi a box of doughnuts oi something too if you want but don t go to any tioiible Iheie w lb i feotb ill g une heie last Satuiday Geo it was wondeiful it Mas the 111 t football g une Ive evci seen The scniois woie yellow pints iiid willed leil ciookcd They ill sat togethei and woie deiby h its Oni te im played football too but we lost 3 to nothing Ihe oldei fellows in the house weie telling me how many fieshmen 1 iintecl list jeii st indiiig at attention in militiiy They told me that if loii lool it the ceiling iiiste id of stiaight ahe id tint you wont faint I\1 hitc to f lint and they aie swell guys foi telling mo We hid i lig time 'Ihuisdty evening The students all foimod a big mob 1 ehind the football team and kept yelling foi the football playeis to go do cmething Ihc footbill playeis are pietty impoitant poisons doMii heic llieie weie moic people iii the ciowd that theie weie at the Siinftel 1 Em this summei Wo all staitcd yelling at the team down by the Union Building and then followed them acioss the iivoi The whole tcim got on a tiain at the stition over theie—I guess to go away and do nil it we wcic yelling at them to do I m ee miiig all light m my studies but I think I flunked a chemistiy diih todiy The one I got back fiom last week was a low giadc too Out of 10 questions I got a giade of 2 but they grade right subtiacted liom mong Puidue is leally a tough place A iclloii named Doc M iitm is the head of the chemistry I m taking I n '‘linost ifiaid to do anj thing in lab—that s wheio they 1 eep all the Lotties of ehemieils weie supposed to mix up Just list week in lectuie D c parsed i thumb ii d tiio ftngeis in a bottle He s iid that the fellow iiho used to h iie them iiasn t caieful But 111 be caieful Mom, so don t noil j Witli love Vincent
Inspired Squad (Continued fiom page 1) Half bad s—Bcito Caitei dies tell Cook Galvin Me il im Smock Pull backs—Andietich, Petty Sill Ici Pitt ended it‘' heavy dulls Thuis dai and Coach Chailie Bowsei sent his legul us thiough i lit,ht dull session lesteiday in piepaiation foi then opening game Coach Bow sei piaised his squads spiiit but Mould say nothing as to the possi bilities of his team Squad Drilled Hard The Boileimakeib hope to find then offensive stiide against the Panthers Coach Mai Elwaid has put the squad thiough long inten lie dulls this wed ind is i le ult the Boileimikeib show a gieit dell of impiovemcnt Piaetiee ses “il ms pi iced emph isis on passing ind p iss defense And timing of pliis IV IS also given attention
i 1 idio d nice at the chaptdi house 1 st S till day night Tonight the Al]iha Chi Phos bettei known is the 4 point 1 ids Mill open then so cal SCI on with i ladio dance in then house VGOH—’ Until iicM lied mIicii we will line irii the full mfoimition on the eel end iffaiis mc hope to see i L aiouiid ' ' '
Bicycle Club Will Ride To Ross Camp Today For First Trip Of Year Membeis of Wheelmen Univei sity bicycle dub will meet today at 3 p m to 1 ide out to Ross Camp for a picnic Tickets for the affaii may be obtained fiom any of the following officeis Fiank Maughey picsident, Ralph Luebben vice piesident and Gwen Cuiiy, secre taiy tieasuiei The club which climaxed last falls season by a Sunday iide to Camp Tecumseh m ith an Indupiapo lis club lias oiganized two yeais igo Any student oi faculty mem bci may join the club by seiving a pledge peiiod which consists of attending thice tups duimg the season one of which must be 26 miles long d w o
W ishington D G Sept 23 — (ACP)—While clcmentaiy school einollment figuics aie plunging fai below those of a ye ii ago Amen CIS colleges ind high schools have not yet felt the lull effects of low eied biith lates duimg the dcpies Sion of the thiities
By Drew Pearson and Robert S Allen Washington, Oct 4—Not many outside the White House know it, bpt the State Department gave the President some urgent advice the other day to make public the fact that the Pink Star, sunk near Ice land and flying the Panamanian flag, was carrying a four inch gun on her deck Subsequently the President announced the fact at his press conference Prior to that it had l^een a military and naval secret that the Government of the United States had been arming Panamanian shipsr It was such a secret that the Government of Panama ifself didn’t know it Nor did the State Department know it until about the tiipe the Pink Star was sunk Not even the Coast Guard know it for a while and almost got into an argument with a Panamanian ship sailing out of New Yoik har bor the othei day becaqse she car lied a gun on hei deck The Coast Guard hn^ not been told at that time that the gup had been placed there by the U S Navy at the di rect orders of the President him
self
The ships in question aie the 80 vessels seized fropi the A:^is, 27 of yihich now have beep put into service undei the PanamaniaK flag Panama had no objection to the use of its flag since the levenue IS very profitable—?1 a ton foi leg istiation Naturally registration of the vessels under the Panamanian flag was known to the Panaman lan Government But it did not knovv the ships weie sent out armed This policy has come in for vigoious ciiticism by advisers inside the Government on several grounds One is that no one knew what the Navy was doing Another was that the crews of the merchant ships had no training in operating the guns Thus the fact that the ships were armed increased then chances of being attacked, since an armed vessel is entitled to no couitesies under international law All of this is one reason why the Administration is anxious to change the neutrality act to per mit lease lend cargoes to be car lied in American vessels thus get ting away fiom the Panamanian flag The President will also ask Congress for authority to mount guns on American merchant vessels Finally crews are to be given gun tl aining Note—Ainulfo Anas President of Panama is in the iionit position of being an atlmiici of Germany yet it IS the Panamanian vessels that aic carrying gups aipied against Gcipiapy Anas served as a diplomat in Geimany for some years, and has given the State De paitment more worry than any othei Utitm American president Queen Elizabeth's Corset In these days of defense and emergency the Folgei Shakespear ean Libiaiy is off the beaten path jet officials looked in suipiise one day last week to find the doorway brightened by the tall figure of Mis Eleanoi Roosevelt Dr Giles Dawson head of the leading loom was the fust to see
her, and it occurred to him the First Lady might like to see the famous Polger collection of ElizabetTian silver, which is kept hidden away
in a vault
“Yes,” replied Mrs. Jtoosevelt, with an expression of pleasant surprise. “I have heard of that collection, but I didn’t know the public was allowed
to see it”
Dr. Dawson thought it strange she should regard herself merely as one of tjie public, but he said nothing He led her to the vault There he got out a mysterious parcel, and proceeded with great care to unwiap it But when the contents were disclosed to view, he was chagrined to find that he had the wrong parcel Instead of the package of silver, he found that he held in his hand the corset of Queen
Elizabeth
The embaliassment was pll on one side, however Mrs Roosevelt was intrigued She nexamined the corset, then later examined the silver, and went away Since that day, ior reasons tljat they can trace only to Mrs Roosevelt, the officials have been besieged with callers who ask to see the corset of Queen Elizabeth Combat Lessons GHQ chiefs find these the outstanding lessons demonstrated by the Louisiana war games— 1 The signal effectiveness of the new anti tank battalions This is a new arm developed by the U S Army apd has no counterpart in the Emopean armies Though only three months old and still in the expel imental stage the battalions demonstrated gieat potency as “tahk killei s ” More and better equipped units of this kind should be organized at once 2 The deadly power of aircraft and the fact that an army, no mat
ter how good or strong, fights at tremendous disadvantage without air support 3 That the combat team of tanks and mechanized forces needs the lowly doughboy to back it up for real success An armored force has tremendous himching power and can smash holes through elements many times its size, but it has got to have infantry behind it to hold the ground gained , 4 A complete ovei hauling and modernization of field communcations, particularly radio The army’s equipment is antiquated and wholly inadequate for the speed demanded of blitz warfare 6 A new type of armored scout car that is li^h|;er, faster and with better air protection than the one now in use The present car is a very powerful vehicle but it is too ponderous for broken and swampy tenpin and too vulnerable to air attack 6 All elements of the new citizen armies need a great deal more firing practice with ball ammuni
tion
This last deficiency needs most immediate attention All the men have had some firing practice, usually 2Q op 30 rounds But they require a great deal more to give them the familiarity and accuracy with the guns of their branch
thaT^ mark qf a ^elltrained soldier. Also, the iq^n need the e^penehcp qf hay?ng live ammunition fired over their heads to familiarize them with t^e sound of “hot lead.” Furthpr, target practice is 41rictly related to the problem of morale A soldier who is a qualified marksman has pride in himself The new soldiers are e^ger to learn how to shoot, and com^Tqm of this lack of training ^ GHQ chiefs are aware of thi? apd the new training schedules now in preparation call for a big increase in firing practice The reason for the delay in this vital training has been lack of ammunition The army just Ijasn’t hqd apy aipipunitrqn to shoot But with the new munftip|is plants coming mto production in the next few months this deficiency
should be overcome
(Copyright, 1941, by United 5'ea-
tuie Syndica|:e, Inc )
PATRONISE EXPONBI^T APVERTISEpS
LUMA SUN.-MON—2 HITS
A RIOT TOGETHER!
cmr|io • miliclit
ifiniyn
PLUS—FIRST RUN HIT-
LAST DAY
2 HITS
ROY ROGERS IN 'IN OLD CHEYENNE' ALSO "ILLERY QUEEN'S PERFECT CRIME"
STARTS SATURDAY
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
MIDNITE PRIVMP TONITE 11:30 ndninr
PAT irtiiiEN GALE PAGE RONALD ttiA^AU tXlNALD CRI5P Otrecled hr tlOrO ( A WARNER BROS Fir»»H.«oimPljwt«
n(K»ti ol klinau HKchM
— TODAY — TWO FIRST RUN HITS
MARINES ARE HER^ — WITH — GORPON OLIVEI^ JUNE TRAyiS — Plus — MELODY FOR T^REp — WITH — JEAN HERSBQLT
PwldusL £xpomnL
I nttitd IS sttond il “-s maltci it the post ofiice in Lifajttit Indiaiid under the act ol Congress of Maidi 1879 and it flit spitiil lalt ol postage provided loi in section 1103, act ot October 3, 1917 uitliori/eil J imi 11 j 20 1922 1 ublislied dailj except Mondaj during the regular academic yeai and V eikli diiiiii^ llu Suinnui St sioii Delivered loeally bj earner lor $3 50 per year, mail subseiiptioiis $1 00
I dilor in (\ icf Ncmh Ldit r liuuiiicbH Manager
Publication Staff
Manatint; tclit r Abb emt J (J I r J J K 1 H 1 11
I OLUI Advt) lib I} Ma Ciitulalion JVla i i D Millard
J 11 A 1 ( 1
Nid A OtI illrtc J hn L lriU),uU lion S lowtrs
I el ind W KufTnir L IJ J Hr 11 y
Sports Staff Phil C. Johntion ate Lditorb O 1 Clark J D Prater J b Ktelcr
Business Sfiff r 1 1 < Il 1 1 I A Co-ed Sfaff
editor AbBotiatt I ditorb M ly K B I Jan Ham d 11
U I M
Buih Kove Alt (1 U Id
Ldilor A HO
Phones Editorial %nd Business, 4005, ^ports, 2792, Editorial After 10 P M , 5377 R I rtb I ted foi i ational advertismi, by National Advertib t, b 1 c Ji Coll 1.0 PubliBlicrb Kti rtbtntativeB 4J0 Madibor A t Now Yoilf N Y
Staff For This Issue
NiLlit Ldilor Hrophy Day Lditor Doynton
Ihbut Jditii Ochiltree
SpurlB Lditor Keeler
Uti>orl< rH ii Si tl 1
S H ilk K Roquemorc A Hunter p But/ M II i f l)awH I B D Maif* i SteiloiK
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY (•piDducCTs Wwsnq teroorotion
AND — noaBaiB Pf.cnnu SUNPAY - MONDAY — THE QUARTERBACK SCATTERGOOD BAINES HURDLE HOPPERS
SONJA ROMANCES .,. TO GLENN MILLER’S MUSIC
. . . and that means the grandest enter• tainment you’ve ever had!
^ liUNIi
lUIR
World Wide News
AND HIS orchestra Milton Berle Lynn Burl loan Davis Nicholas Butbers
Starts TODAY
iffi?*'
litWIfOT W lo tis Ofien Date
, eye two full -^,9pks .1)1 '!|^:!||^|(^g.'f()f t^^ir ' I94I lSV:estprn '.Gomerehce debut with Ohio State »at Coiumb’us on October 18. ; The Riveters’ open date is particularly Welcome in view of the strenuous' encounter with Vaijdepbilt and the limited number of ^jsactice sessiorts for the Pitt tilt which have placed a real strain on a sq^ad that had fewer practice sessions than any other Big Nine eleven before swinging into action. , Unusual interest will be focused on this year’s meeting between .tjie Buckeyes and 'Bpiietba'aket? 't>e“cailse the Cdumbus eleven will be mefeting their first conference foe under the direction of their mew /mientor, Paul'Brown, former Slasdilon, Ohio, high school coach.
Revenge Sought
*^Sfito'ke'‘6f "tli.e .I7rf,4 yijijtflfy’the Bitekeyes squeezed out last season 6n a field goal kicked by Charlie Maag in the last nineteen seconds, the^ Riveters will be seeking' revenge. Maag, it was later discovered, ,was an ineligible p^yer because of previous substitution. Ip ■ the past Boilermaker teams have fared none too well with the Buckeyes, having tgkpn only d'he vidfofy in eight st^rty, t|)e 'lone iriUmph
coming in 1^9^, i2-t).
Although the Boilermakers will ■ have a week’s'rest from actual competition, there will; be p.o let-up ip the intensity of driils. Mai Elward intends to complete the polishing up of the offense. This has been impossible thus far, because of the limited number of drills before the Vanderbilt game, p.g.m.
Softball V With the Inter-fraternity softball season officially ending next week, only two teams. Delta Upsilon a^ Sigma ^Jph^ Mu,, remain undefeated. 'Bot^ hayb wpn four gaf»es‘j)ut liave t^o iPPte";,|;o play. AJpha ; Gamma Bho and AJpha Tau Omega have each been yictorious in four games, but both have tie games to ruin perfect rec-
ords.
Several pth.er fraternities, .whq will ’ ^nish iyeil up bn the Bat are tied now with records of four wins and two losses. Among them are: Sigma Chi, Sigma EpSilon, Acacia, and Theta Chi. Fraternity Gplf W.PUther, pe'rmittimg, the Fraternity Golf 'Finals will be completed next week. 'The Signia Chis, Theta Taus and DMts '.Ijaye already reached tbe semi-finals. The fourth spot will be taken by either the Sigma Nus or the Betas, who have ■ppjb ’playpd thpir quarter-final match yet. The winner of this match will meet the Belts, while the Sig Chis yfijl play the Theta Ta)as. , Toucbball The Touchball season will open Monday with the fourteen teams from Cary Mull playing. .pn in the week-all the Trat^rmtfes will begin to see action. This sport always b-pfPI’P bps proved to be one of the most 'popular’.of the InterMural actiyitjes. Each year the fraternities‘ahid Wards are represented almpsf 'cine hundred per cent in.'participa'iip'n at these ehpoiihters lyjth’ some fife talented peffpFlqers taking part.
'Disiihctiye PortraRnre QI.AN MILL’S STUDIO “The Nation’s Studio” Phone 3414 205 E. State
Everything for a
LOOK FOR THIS SIGN |
STORiS^b
College Education i
IT MEANS QUALITY
"DEAC’S i
i
AJIOWER PRICES iMrb Hdwe.
V- ■
J
St.
t.
EAT
Pr. Pauj A, bisk Dr.Tuther.A, Rjsk
GRAVES' BAKERY
bf. Rafojd’{vb'sk
*
PRODUCTS
4th aii|i 'Main S). Lafayette
G. E. MAZDA LAMfS ' HOT POINT APPLIANCES
'Ifr* Irion
BRELSFORD'S ELECTRIC SHOP
— pENTIST — '119% Hpfthwestern Ave.
213 State St. Dial 5952
Phone 4965
4
, group of cross Coijntry harriers represeBtingjt^^^^^^ ;s|iy di Illinois whl aiffprcl the Boilermaker thipiyc^d^s iHjir •flrgt tost of th.e season in a content that is sohejclmd^ tn mence af 10:45 this nlornmg on the newly dale course, and since this is the inaugural meet to run over the new layout it is rather 'difficult to make any prSiJnitidns'aP to the possible outcome of the event. . i, , / Alterations designed to increase the spectatorsl ,e^;^yi)MB^ of the meet have resulted in one of the most liivint^l and unique courses in the couptry. In __—^ ———.; ' ' the past it has been impossible to keep a close check on the progress of a meet simply because there was no way to relay information to the crowd to thg relative position of thejrunfers When they were pht of 'sight, which was most of the ■ ' time T, v Better Vision ip)%s,, 5^^^ The new course, however,^ fe®® )ii.'^ayal' away with all this and permits the ^. p.'^pt’^bqdgy gh^ spectator to follow the race mpre clofely than ever before. The rea- in the Student'^eglth SerYipe. eon fpv this is tfet the opursp is 'The'board.-which fe composed of now fashioned after a clover^af gecbndMbbbfficbrs and'medical ofde^gn, ^leh f fee??. Will fester qqy quefeipps quent intervals the path leads back cpnceynipg- .eplistipent in' the: servinto the ^a^ge of e crow , .re- bfstWVfe ffe diet's .of 21 cedes,, and then steers back ag^in fee Eligible for tfe N^vfe Vision will be best at the one ^nd they ’Rgye feWPloted' one quarter mark, and the two qnd ^ one half post from whioh pejmt ' ' ; , ^he 3^111 remain in vjjew “ . ■ , IfeHbe rest' of tbe three and One -trail at the finish line and they half' mfie' cqufcfe. ended with times of.l6:47 and 16:07 On unusual feature of this meet respectively, which definitely is the manner in which the points makes them threats to carry off are awarded. Rather than awfird honoys to,day. the Winner with, say ten points. Colorful Season and the rest of the finishers wjith Ubnois iqget fe the. fest of proportionally smaller scores, the a series that should make this seaWiiiner of today’s meet will be giv- fen a memorable one, fpr follo'vying en one point, the rupporqp two fefiay’s affair thpre gre fpur more, points, third place thype" feints and dual ipyehts to cp:iop fed all of them fb this nj^nfer the..team promise to be first rate. A week '‘^th ihqjowest'total score will be from .today the squad will be at the ynfeerbndat tho same Bloomington to ipeet the Hustling tiffie; eye^y ipan :wdl-b'fee'.fe of Indiana in what should ipOrtfeity.'tfefigure in fee scoping, be a natural. The following SatBrobable Lineup urday the team journeys to ColumTime tpials werp held la^t 'Wed- bus to oppose the Buckeyes of Ohio nesday as a means of determining State. The third consecutive road to some extent , the men wbo will trip will tafe thepi poptb to meet make up the starting team of seven the "Vyisconsin Badgers, after which runners, and although it is still they return home to play host tp somewhat indefinite the lineup Wpstern feate Tegphers. should stack up something like Haying finished the regular seathis: Captain Ed Holderman, Woody son, the B.pilermalcers are in for a Appleton, Don Kemp, Darrell series of big and .colorful meets Roach, Charlie Duesler, Fred Kin- in the form of the Big State and der, and Keith McLaughlin. Little State, Western Conference, Among those men mentioned, both of whiefi are to be held here. Captain Holderman turned in fee the N.C.A.A. at Milwaukee and best time in the time trials ■wben bliully fee ::^ational Intercollegiate he ran the distance in 15:42. Ap- Meet at East Lansing, Michigan, pleton and Kemp were hot on his the home of Michigan State, r.w.d.
F R AT EI NITY Wall Skins - Table Scarfs - - House Flags - Crew Hats - Trophies - Class Banners^- l^^iaitprs — Call Mr. „ Hotel Lahr Arterat Mfg.
STUDENTSl What famous pair of lovers were brought together in a CO$TECTOMY? DICTIONARIE;^ at a 10% Discount Are you at “Hofee On the Raqge”? COOK BOeiKS AT 10% OFF Book Dept. — Second Floor
■ F,o,pfea|l fafe, wi)p are feoqt all teay note with be^nnfeg of a new year in jgridirion fesslgis feat fee first rugby 'gapie ,fe the -Unjted , States wgs pjaypd gt Gapibridge, Mass, on May ^ and Har--yfefi. This disciple of fee, yiyiting iratemity is indebted tpyj^. A,: i|taff^ feofeall nuthpjrity, .apjd the -^fejleiig:Journal for infor;pafej,on c9fe0fefeg feofenll for their bfe^s afe arfeles,; refeectiyely. , - .ifSb ?!?fe?4o,d ■oolhpietitiye nn^feur npprtdgfeg ffem a criokef .match in 1832 in New YorR Eity befereen a ipfel gfe; Bhiiadofe.fea» Pa. piub,,,Bgpbfeed baaohaJ^ii fesip® ■wife afeatph, gg^g at Hpfeken, M, ,,.,.’v%a)fe,gfefiffer;'fee'kifer. i^he ^’hife: yfes; feg,: Mew Yofe, (Games at 'Bafefegajin.|b74',..;. ; . , A|fepugh.^ fee fegt/^ -WaOffeitipj^ed .jfetil jfe'^,,jgespciafionfenfegU had bbopipif ye.dr earlier ,in one forfe on afefefe,* IheJOnefea :f(fefegP feapi of Bo.afen, .Mass,, was ; perhaps fee, first fefeiHaed feothalLcffih in fee United States, The first football rules conference in tfe United States ty.a,® held at the Fifth Ayenue Potgl in .New York City in Detpberj 1873. The conference wgs gtitended by rpprea.entatiy.es pf Yaloi Rutgerg, ^^4 Princeton. The rules prqyidpd feat feerp would ba fe carrying or throwing of the ball. Stagg states that “genteel as.sociatipn w^.s fee mope g.entepl gpme, vyhipii, pq doubt \ya.@ fee reason it lost opt among American college gfed.ents,” Another rules committee was held in Springfield, Mass., November 26,,187|5, in which the ruje makers agpeo-d on fe .plfeers to a sjde, the score to be dppided by topchdowns. Onp, goal, , however, was equal to four touchdowns. Another interesting ppint brpught out by feagg is that in the early payt of fee fopfeafi history fee two captains were arbiters of all dis--puted points, Lafer, ft de.cided to appoint a judge of play for each team with a neutral referee to decide between the judges. Stagg’g first year at the University of Chicago was 1892. He states that the acepunt boOks shpwed $732,9?, taken in for fee season, $633.32 paid out and 18 games played. In 1926, the foofeall game receipts, which represented Chicago’s share of the game ,totaled $393,361.43. Whirlaway, one of the headline horses of the year, stands third ip the list of money-winning horses P.f aii time-
fee jgh bp, ;“yeed,’’ Phil fOhnson has left for fee,Mg game inf he -ffeioky city” and hpre. we are doing fee gesfepoing. H really is a wilgM bf » lob pf fun tp sit .down at ,a typewriter and gestapo arpund. gbpaf-anj^hing and iByerything feat comes fe mind. Apyhow .... first crack off fee bat we’d like fe, throw in our two cents worth concerning that pdp session Thursday night. If any team.ever Set-ont tp win a ball game, it was feat buneb qf hoys whp pnjled put of the Big Four, station the night before Jaal-. "Wife tee cheeps of pver haH of the atudenf popqjfitmn on feis campus riiiging in feeir ears. Without a doubt teey’re going to play a real game this afeernoon. | pitt isn’t any pufeoWr. feig. year despite all rpmo?® tp fee contrary, poach Obarlie Bowse? pf the Banfeers bps a hackfield built around the passing antics of a young fephombte named Edgar Jones, “Special Delivery” they, call,him back east. However-, the Riveter hackbcW can handle R^^^mRrtereats sufficiently, well for all practical pui-ppses, as they demonstrated Ipst week by stppping the highly , touted Vanderbilt aerial offensive ,cold. All in all, we’ll take Furdue by a couple of touchdowns ,i, .- maybe only one if Pitt is tougher than we think, but still, it’ll be fee Riyeters out in front at the final gnn. ' i jLast 'iy.e|®b. -Phil feied bis hand at .this and ended up wife a very creditbb|3 -ddb- hope h before top and our luck varies so don’t go atpufel betting,your.last doliar. First of aR, Nptre Uame is taking on a ypngful ifndiana eleven, whicb, ho'yn to the last map will be striving .tp ‘ prase the, sting of last Weebrend’s defeat at, fee hands of Detroit. feilbfeqtre.DamC abould take itby a margin of something like 13 points. The, Buebeyos of 0,SU qfe spending fec week-end piit on the west coast as the guests of Spnthern Gal. It looks like 14-7 in faYor of the hpst team. to US- Northwestern should have it way over Kansas when the two clash in the Wildcats’ home stadium today and the margin may be three touchdowns. Both Wisepnsin and Michigan, in their games wife Marquette and Iowa respectiyp}y,/sbould win in fairly high scoring affairs. Marquette is always unpredictable and may provide the Badgers with an japset, otherwise fee score should read something like 19-7. The Wolverines ought |to take their tilt by at least one touchdown. We could go on like this forever, but whp bn^y’®? Maybe the more we take a stab at, the more we’ll miss. We always did scare easily. • On Home Sporls Front Led by Captain Ed Holderman, our own cross counti-y men are going to stage the season’s first meet at 10:45 this morning against an invading seven man squad from Illinois. Coach Phillips spent a gopd part of yesterday’s rainy afternoon putting up signs to guide the runners around the gruelling hilly three and one half mile course. Incidehtly, this epurse bas been newly designed with both the purposes in mind of inepnveuiencing fee runners aud also of making it more convenient for fee spectators. . , This meet today will be the first since cross country mas made a major sport. Last June the SAA held a student election which gave the Harriers that status. I Orders For Playsbop Administration Students See Indianapolis Visiting community institutions caring for handicapped and underprivileged children, 85 students enrolled in Home Administration 110 (child development) made an inspection trip to Indianapolis Monday and Tuesday. They inspected Riley Children’s hospital, planner house (Negro settlement house), Roberts and Potter school (handicapped children), Lockfield housing project and the Detention house and Juvenile Court of Marion county, e.k.
According to Jack MiRer, business manager pf Play shop, qipil ordevs fpr tickets to “Three Men On A Horse” will be filled immediately; the bqx office will open for sale of individual tickets and coupons on October 6, A limited number of book tickets are yet .available, aud any person interested in purchasing one may dp Sp if he applies to fee ticket pffipB at ppce. The price remains $l.g5. b;g-?-
CABS win friends mM iilllien^ ^ wOHilsr! All YOU do is telephoiiel First call the Woman, then dial 502$, 3071
.CTi
:.a
CAB C 0
Jusi A Second Students The EXPONENT is jowr paper, but it is supported by its advertisers, Through them we give you a better paper. Are you contributing your share to its improvement.^.^ REMEMBER— the paper you read is made possible by its advertisers. S ■ ■ ■ ' a’ ■ THE PURDENT EXPONENT
■'ifSaturday! October 4,
Freshman Campei'B: Meeting Saturday eyenihg, Oct. 4', 7:80 to 8:80 p.m. in the West Faculty Lounge. All campers and counselors of the 1938, 1939, and 1941 camps who are interested in planning a continuation program welcome. —GRAVES C.E. 41 (Hydraulics) : An examination for the removal of C and I ferades will be held from 1 to 4 p.m. Saturday, October 11, in room 12B, Heavilon Hall. Permission to take the examination must be obtained from the undersigned prior to October 9. —F. W. GREVE Episcopal Students: Corporate Communion . at Saint John’s Sunday, Oct. 5 at 8 a.m. Breakfast and meeting of the Canterbury Club will follow services. —rXHORNTON Modern Dance: Practices will be held on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 4 and on Tuesday at 7 in the gym. —SERBAN WAA: Tennis tournament begins Monday, October G. Get three practices , in before that date. Tournament will be posted in the office. —STEIGERWALD Senior Mechanical Engineers: Those planning to use University Placement Service are expected to attend one of the following meetings in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering Building at 4 p.m. on Tuesday, October 7, or Wednesday, October 8. —BOLZ■
Roger Williams Club: Please note change PUrdiie Christian Foundation t^Fall round in Sunday evening program. Fifteen cent up leaves foundation house, 181. S. Grant lunch at 6:30. Fellowship at 6:00. Discus- at 1 p.m. Saturday', Oct. 4. Come and bring sionat6:30. , / —^ARTMAN 30 cents. ' ,. -^RtGGS
I .i'ii
Scriveners: Meeting of all'fetalf members Saturday, October 4, at 1 p.m. in Union oirlce. —JUSTIN Delta Uho Kappa: Short meeting Monday, October G. at i5 p.m. in room 232 in the Union. Election of pledges. Biegle,. bring secretary book. . Hillel Foundation: Regular meeting at Hillel House,^ 123 Sheetz Street, with round table discussion at 6 o'clock Sunday evening. Hot dinner will be served. —UDES Novice Pistol: Students desiring to Are in the third novied pistol group starting Tuesday, Oct. 21, may sign up in the supply, room of the armory now. —BROWN
Novice Pistol: All students firing in the the Union, second, novice pistol group are reminded that they must attend the first meeting .of the group, Tue.sday, Oct. 7. —BROWN
Union Sophomorcsb, Meeting of the ,kame rooni and bowling , alley committee Monday^ Oct. 6 at 4:16 p.m. in; the East .Faculty lounge, of the .Union. This follotving please be present: Holden, Galloway, Good- , win. Hart, Roth, Probeck, Bancroft, Mason and Stogdill. —WEBER, LEWIS Undergraduate Dames: will hold ’ open house Tuesday, Oct. 7 at 7 :30 p.m, in the West Faculty lounge of the Union.
—VOIiLNER
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, Oct. 6, at 7:30 p.m. in room 2G3 of the Union. Bring manuscripts. .—RIEGLE Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday. Oct. 7, in roonj 806 of
-iOCKWOOD
Exponent Freshmen: New men are assigned to work'as follows: Waring and Goode; Wednesday. —RUFFNER Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday, Oct. .6, at 7:30 p.m. in room 304 of the Union. Pledges will appear at 7:45 p.m. —RUFFNER
Alpha Phi Omega: Open meeting Tuesday, Oct. 7, at 7:30 p.m, in room' 304 of the Union. Judge Parkinson will spedk.
—SIGLER
Freshmen Campers: Meeting Saturday evening, October 4, at 7:30 p.m. in the West faculty lounge. All councelors and campers of the 1938, 1939, 1940 and 1941 camps who are interested in a continuation program welcome. —GRAvES
DON'T
Bead this ad, but do read the others.
)Ar
Reading from left to right are Frank of Minnesota, Saggau of Notre Rankin expects to go into active training sometime in November at Dame, Dave Rankin of Purdue, and Fruttig of Michigan, who were in- Glenview, Illinois for his elementary training. Then he will go to Penducted into the U. S. Naval Air Corps during half-time at the Chicago sacola, Florida, where he will receive the rest of his eight weeks trainTribune All Star game last August 28. ing for his commission as an ensign in the Naval Aviation Reserve.
Foundation Sponsors Bike Hike Tomorrow Wesley Foundation will sponsor a bike hike tomorrow morning, at 6:30 a.m. The starting point is the Foundation building at 116 Sheetz Street. ' After riding in the country for an hour, the group will return to the Union cafeteria for a Dutch treat breakfast. The hikers arc to wear old clothes, and everyone is expected to furnish his own bicycle. j Senior Pictures Taken For Debris Until Oct. 11 Seniors will have their iiictures taken for Debris in room 60 of the Union this week and next week only, Harvie Merrill, junior editor, announced yesterday. Notification cards should give appointments in October, and if any other month is given, those seniors should come either to room 60 or to the Debris office for new appointments, Mer-
rill stated.
If any mistake has been niade, the error should be corrected promptly, as the photographer will be here only the first two weeks of October. After this time, those who have not had their pictures taken must report to the Dexheimer-Car-lon Studios in Indianapolis for their
sittings.a.l.w.
Veterinarian Short Course Begins 29th Season Wednesday Twenty-ninth annual short course for veterinarians, to be held in the Veterinary Building beginning on Wednesday, Oct. 15, has scheduled several speakers from the University staff to address enrollees in course meetings. ’ Prof. H. J. Reed, assistent director of the Agriculture Experiment Station, will speak Thursday morning, Oct. 16, making a few remarks concerning the short course program, which will deal principally with the causes and treatments of animal diseases and injuries.
Dr. Elliott To Speak
President Ed'ward C. Elliott will make the evening address, following a dinner at 6 p. m. on Thursday. Music for this dinner, which will conclude the second day of the course, will be provided by the University Student Artists, under the direction of A. P. Stewart. The three-day course will terminate on Friday, Oct. 17, by a clinic, in which special demonstrations will
be given on the/care and treatment of horses, cattle, hogs, poultry, and
small aniriials.
Register October 15 Registratipn for the short course will begin 4t 9 a. m. Wednesday,
Oct. 16. g.w.b.
Money to Loan: on anything of value. Albert’s Loan Office. Pawnbrokers and Jewelrs, 407 Columbia St. Luiit: E.K. sorority pin between Littleton and campus. Call Doris .Muth, 212’?.
Classified Ads
F
Notices
: Wanted: Boy to work for meals. Apply
112 W. Wood.
. Lost: Gold ring act with five pearls. Reward. ' Call 8034. Student Typists Wanted: Own typewriters; part-time. Call 55654 5:30-6 p. m. Typewriters—Adding machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph and multigraph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main. Phono 2779, Lafayette. Wanted: student to care tor furnace for room. 527 Statu St., W. Lafayette. Lost: Glasses between EE building and Armory, Tuesday, Sept. 30. Tingloy 8433. For Rent: Half of room for hoy. Twin beds, reasonable. 516 W. Stadium. For Rent: Luxuriously appointed room in new home for student or instructor with car. I’rivate bath, shower, garage—51643. For Rent: Downstairs double room, good heat, one half block from Union,, cheap.
Plione 31824.
For Rent: Single rooni very reasonable.
225 West Lutz.
Registration Workers: Students i^ho Worked for Military Dept, during registration may obtain pay checks in Supply Olfice of Armory. —BROWN All New Glee Club and Orchestra Men: Contact music olfice immediately.
—STEWART.
Freshmen Engineers: Seating assignments for engineering lectures to be held in Fowler Hall are posted near the front onlraneo on the ground floor in Michael Golden Shops. —W. A. KNAPP Physical Examiners: Students who Worked giving physical examinations may get their cheeks at Student Health Service.
—MILLER
WAA: Archery contest every evening at 4. liisLruetion will be given on Tuesdays
and Fridays. —JOHNSON.
F.A.O. Sophomore Workers: Please see work schedule in office for number and work schedule. ; —PFENNINGER Silver Mask: Important meeting for those iiituri.'Sted in obtaining equipment and lockers Tuesday, Oct. 6, in room 303 of the Union at 7 :30 p. m.
—TOWER.
Freshmen Engineers: Meet for Engineering Lectures on Saturday, Oct. 4 at 8 a.m. by schools. Students whose names begin with A-E (inci) lecture room in Michael Golden Shops; E-LE (incl). Room 264 EE Bldg. ; (.second floor lecture room) ; LI-R tinel) Room 129, EE Bldg.; and S-Z (incl) Room 201, ,CE Bldg. —KNAPP
Know Your A-B-C’s Especially Your C’s CROWN CLEANED CLOTHES Your First Aid in Personal Appearance
I N E C L E A N E R S. O F F I N ;E CLOTHE
SATURDAY 10:00—News 10:10—Curio Man 10:15—Music 10:30—WBAA Pre.sents 10:45—Theatre of Song11:00—Just Kids 11:15—Music 11:30—High School Guest 11:60—Purdue News 12:00—Woman Shopper 12:15—Tune Time—Charlie Powell 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Markets 1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—The Army Speaks 1:45—Pre-Game Dope 2:00—Football Game 4:30—Afternoon Melodies 4:45—Little Miss Mulfet Ju.st Relax Music •Curio Man 5:50—News 6:00—Dinner Music 6:30—Sports 6:45—Music 7:00:—News of the Week 7:15—Music 7:30—Petite Musicale 8:00—Musical Albums^ 8:30—Eventide Echoes 8:45—Prom the Press Box 9:00—Concert. Master 9:30—Music ^ 9:50—News 10:00-^0ff the Air Patronize Exponent Advertisers "
Just A Second, Mr. Merchant As stated by a prominent Purdue University Official, the students at Purdue spend $6,000,000 a year. Are you getting your share? REMEMBERthese same students read the Exponent daily. THE PURDUE EXPONENT :. ■ ' PHONE 4005 '
Kick those Panthers in the teeth! We’re wishing luck to a determined
teani ...
PETER ANDERSON CO. After You We Come First
525 Alabama
Phone 4048