'• . ' i " '
< / iv'' .
i ni ^
lii >.
m>
Thb Newspaper Is Published Eoch Morning Of, By, and For Students of Purdue University
>• , ' . ■ ' t Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY December 4,1937 Lafoyette, Indiona VOI, 49 No. 69
Delegates Attend Dance, ' / Banquet; Hear E.C Elliott “I come before the delegates with a feeling of humility because of the great work you are doing.” Thus spoke President E. C. Elliott as he addressed approximately 130 delegates to the eigjhteenth annual conference of the Association of College Unions at a formal dinner in the Memorial Union ballroom last night.
Introduced by toastmaster R. B. Stewart, University controller, Dr. Elliott went on to praise the Union work, and said, “I cannot imagine Purdue without a Union Building.” Ending his speech with a thoughtful admonition, he mentioned, “I don’t want you to write back and thank us for our courtesy and hospitality; I just want you ta remember with pleasure the few days you spent at Purdue and in the Memorial Union Building.” Following the dinner, delegates attended a formal invitational dance in their honor in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Approximately 175 couples were present at this affair, for which A1 Katz and his Kittens played. Today from 2 to 3 p. m. the Union is sponsoring a broadcast featuring A1 Katz and his Kittens over station WBAA. Students are invited to attend by Union officials. At 3 o’clock in the reception room of the Union, Katz will give Big Apple lessons to students. He recently returned from a tour in the south where the Big Apple originated.
Chief Kitten
A1 Katz, who with his Kittens played for last night’s formal Union dance, will again entertain tonight at the Union mixer.
Exponent Poll Closes
With a whirlwind finish, the Institute of Campus Opinion, through the columns of the Exponent, has named its selection of Purdue socalled beauties. A terrific stuffing of the ballot box took place out of which 80 names were found to have been scrawled. The actual number of votes cast was so huge as to be uncountable. The Chi Omega sorority far surpassing all others combined in the wholesale stuffing. When the smoke had cleared away in the Exponent office last night, 10 girls were found to be considerably above the remaining 70. They are, in order of finish, Caroline Scott, first; Marian Groves, second; Rosemary Peil, third; Parker Wynn, fourth; Winifred Gregory, fifth; Mary Petticrew, sixth; Jeanne Janousek, seventh; Peggy Boyce, eighth; Beverlie Rice, ninth; and Georgianna Baker, tenth. It will be interesting to note how close the Exponent poll comes to the actual Debris judging tonight in the Union ballroom. Remember
Straw Votes Are A Rat Race The straw poll turned out to be just a chaff in the wind. The Chi Omegas stuffed their way into the ballot box with seven of their members included in the top ten. Some votes came in with not all of the four preference blanks filled out. Three ballots with suspicously disguised handwriting contained only the name of one girl on the top blank. P^oor fellow He probably only knows one co-ed. On coupon after coupon, the top four names on the finishing list appeared in a different rotation • on the blanks—but on most of these, the same four names appeared.
the last Literary Digest Poll. The chances are one in 2,500 of the two co-ordinating.
Select Beauties Tonight
This evening at 7 o’clock, during the regular weekly Student Union Varsity Show in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building, Debris, in conjunction with the Student Union, will give 72 beautiful co-eds a chance to display their feminine charms to three judges and a ballroom packed with students. Chuck Ehinger, Debris editor, will announce the co-eds as they parade across the bandstand in alphabetical order. The three elimination parades will divide the Varsity Show into four parts, the final parade to display the eight finalists, from whom the four Debris beauties will be chosen. These four co-eds will have full length photographs and cbalk sketches of themselves printed in the ’38 Debris. Paul Hawkins, prominent Indianapolis artist who will draw the chalk sketches, Pro^. Reed Winsey, of the art department o| DePauw University, and A1 Cole, editor of the Indiana Arbutus, representing the impartial college interest, will comprise the official judges committee, and their decision, which will be final, will be published in tomorrow’s Exponent. Yesterday at 5 p. m., the deadline
Candidates Will Be Seated Before 7 “Chuck” Ehinger, Debris editor, stated last n^ght that all girls in the Debris beauty contest should be in formal attire and in their proper Seats in the ^Memorial Union ballroom before 7 o’clock tonight. The hopeful beauties will be arranged alphabetically and given definite seats in the ballroom in this’ order. At 7:12 p. m. the judges will be introduced and the first elimination will then begin.
for submitting co-eds’ names, the beauties competing were found to total 72. Since the printing of the 63 beauties’ names in the Exponent who had registered at that time yesterday, the following girls have had their names submitted: Jeanne Beemer, Mary Glenn Yeager, Martha Place, Grace Reinhart, Kay O’Leary, Bernice' Beisel, Betty Soehner, Margaret Johnson, and Mary Jean Sefton.
^Canyon Boy^ Wins Grand Prize In Camera Contest D. W. Williamson’s photograph, “Canyon Boy,” was selected grand prize winner of the Camera Club contest by three judges yesterday. R. A. Buckles received two first place awards, and J. C. Osborne one. The pictures entered in the contest wilUremain on display in the second-floor hallway of the Union Building for another week. In a Camera Club meeting next Wednesday at 7 p. m. in the Union tower' oom, the winners will be presented with photographic awards. State Policemen Receive Training For Drivers' Tests Tangible steps for putting into force Indiana’s new drivers’ license law, which becomes effective January 1, were taken here today when 72 men, including si state policemen and 21 motor vehicle department employees, gathered for a one week’s training school at the University. These men are being instructed in giving drivers’ examinations and will return to their respective districts December ^ to start work the following day examining about 62,000 persons approximately 16 years of age who will be applying for licenses during the coming several months. 1937 Toll Is Higher Donald F. Stiver, state director of public safety, cited the fatal accident total in the state for the first 10 months of this year as 1,148 as against 1,0.13 last year for the same period as a cause for a scientific attack on the safety problem by the entire state. He cafled upon the trainees to conduct examinations courteously, without fear or favor, and promised the fullest cooperation of all state forces in the program. President E. C. Elliott, Dean A. A. Potter, and Assistant Dean jW. A. Knapp pledged the complete support of the University to the school underway and also to the entire program. New Drivers On Trial Frank Finney, head of the division of Motor Vehicles in the state, chairman of the state committee in charge of the school, explained that new drivers are subject to the examinations to obtain a 90 day permit, theft a beginner’s license, and finally a driver’s license at the age of 18 if they prove themselves capable of safe and sane driving. Monthly reports are to be made on each person on probation to obtain the licenses. Actual class work got underway 'with a talk on the theory of examining by Janjes S. Baker of the National Safety Council and a talk by Joseph Lingo on procedure, with both men demonstrating this work. Lingo, who joined the Purdue staff only two months ago, was in charge of similar work for the state of Delaware and also a member of the state police department there for five years. The trainees who will hold daily sessions from 8 to 5 in the Electrical Engineering Building are housed on cots in the locker room of the Memorial Gymnasium and are getting a bit of police barracks life along with their lessons in examining the would-be drivers. Rates Story Corredion Students may have received an erroneous impression from the story printed in yesterday’s Exponent cohcerning special holiday railroad rates usually offered for the Christmas vacation. Due to a decrease to 2 cents a mile in the rate last June, I’ailroads are not offering their usual special holiday rate. Not only the Big Four Railroad, but also the Wabash, the Nickel Plate, and Monon will charge their uspal prices during this Christmas recess.
Largest Crowd In History Of Union Attends Debate Conference Banquet
Joint Meeting Of Local Engineers Draws 150 People Approximately'! 50 members and guests of local and sectional groups of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers and the American Institute of Electrical Engineers attended their annual joint dinner meeting which was held last night in the Union ballroom honoring W. H. Harrison of New York, assistant vice-president of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company, and national president of AIEE. A large delegation of engineers from Indianapolis attended, as well as representatives from Ft. Wayne, Terre Haute, Anderson, and other neighboring cities. Harrison gave a short address at the dinner meeting in which he emphasized the increasing demand for young engineers in spite of the temporary recessions in business. The group adjourned to the Electrical Engineering Building at the conclusion of the dinner meeting, where approximately 400 people attended a lecture by C. M. Hathaway, of the General Electric engineering laboratory, on the subject “Mechanical Measurements by Electricity.” Hathaway demonstrated a thickness gauge which gave full scale deflection on its indicating instrument for a change of threetenths of a thousandth „of an inch. I Shapiro To Play At Masked Ball On Friday Night The WAA masked ball, second large co-ed bid dance of the year will take place in the Memorial Union ballroom Friday, December 10. Those attending must wear masks, the only disguise required. Zeke “Shep” Shapiro and his orchestra will play “clip-rhythms”—a modified Hal Kemp style—in soft, sweet swing, hot tunes, and waltzes for the masked dancers. Four hundred tickets at $1.10 each are on sale at the WAA office, sorority houses, and the residence halls. Co-eds who wish to assist at the dance should see Margaret Jones, WAA sodial chairman, or Miss Brady.
Union Representatives Compare Own Organizations To Purdue^s
By Jim McKee
From Maine -to California, from Texas to Wisconsin come union representatives to Purdue. “The Corner of the Campus, yet the Center of Activities.” That’s the Purdue Union. Everywhere there were gold convention ribbons. Some of the wearers were stopped and asked to compare our Union with the Unions back home; to tell how they differed from ours; and how much the students use their Unions. Jack Clifford of the University of Wisconsin, told of a very different Union at Madison. “The biggest difference in our Union and yours is that we have no women on our board. It’s strictly male. The board acts as the “student senate” and Union advisory board. The WSGA runs the women and we take care of the men. The Union council is made up of WSGA girls and Union men who have entire charge of the Union. All of the Union profits go to student activities, after a certain amount is put ifito a sinking fund.” No Lunch Rooms At Vandy From Vanderbilt came Byron Anglin. “We don’t have lunch rooms and barber shops in our Union at Vandy. The girls use the building
President Elliott Welcomes Group; Purdue Team Beats Wisconsin In Afternoon Meet With close to 600 persons attending, the largest in the history of the Union, the banquet of the eighth annual conference debate began last night at 5:30 o’clock in the ballroom of the Menfbrial Union Building under the toastmastership of L. S. Winch, director of forensic activities at the University. 1 Pres. E. C. Elliott extended a wel-
come to the high school debaters and coaches, following which, Paul Moo, of LaPorte High School, member of last year’s championship debate team, gave the response. “The Applause of Listening Senates” was given by Albert Stump, Indianapolis attorney, who has taught public speaking at Butler
and Indiana Universities.
Defeat Wisconsin
In the opening feature of the conference yesterday afternoon, the University negative debate team, composed of J. W. Rittenhouse and J. W. Fredericks, was awarded the decision over a University of Wisconsin team by Dr. J. H. McBumey. Cole Bremback and Horace Wilkie made up the Wisconsin team. “Resolved: That the several states should adopt a unicameral system of legislation” was the question upon which the teams spoke. Speaking on the same question, Samuel McKelvie, former governor of Nebraska and publisher of the Nebraska Farmer, and Dr. John F, Senning, chairman of the department of political science at the University of Nebraska, will be featured on today’s conference program. This general session will begin at 10 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall, where Pres. E. C. Elliott will preside over the informal discussion, with the affirmative being upheld by Senning and McKelvie taking the
negative.
Tour Campus Beginning at 8 a. m. in the lobby of the Union, the high school debaters will be conducted about the campus to see what is being done by University students, including in their tour the Fieldhouse, WBAA, shops, and laboratories. At the same time high school coaches will meet in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building to hear talks^ by Douglas Ehninger and Robert Horn, of the University speech department, and a panel discussion by several high school coaches. Practice dfebates for the high school students will start with the first round at 1:30 and the second round at 3 in the Union Building and University Hall. Complete schedules of the rooms and pairings may be obtained at the Union information desk. Sending 41 debaters a distance of 112 miles. North Side (Fort Wayne) High School scored a total of 4,592 points to win the attendance trophy donated by Gen-y Mohlman, Lafayett,e jeweler. Calumet High School of Gary received second honors with 3379 points.
Phillips To Direct Student Orchestra Tomorrow At 4 p. m. Tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock the University Student Orchestra, under the direction of Robert A. Phillips, will play a concert in the
Union ballroom.
Ampasito Roca, Spanish March by
Teridor.
Overture, “The Magic Flute,” by
Mozart.
Cornet Duet—W. Woodward and R. C. Stroup. Gypsy Dance (from Henry) by Saint-Saens. Calm as the Night by Bohm—Trombone solo by David Hartley. Prelude, Alcala Dragons, March (from Carmen) by Bizet. Tambourin by Rameau—Woodwind
Quintet.
Song Without Words by Tschaikow-
sky.
Whirlwind by Krantz—Flute Solo by Earl Diggins. Virginia, a Southern Rhapsody by
- Wood.
Newman Club To Serve Breakfast Tomorrow Members of Newman Club will meet for communion and breakfast which will be served in St. Mary’s school hall at the' conclusion of 9:30 mass, tomorrow morning. After the breakfast. Debris pictures will b'e taken and a report will be made on the Barnyard Frolic, annual dance sponsored by the club. Hilda Sthwehn To Speak On Health Test Tonight Miss Hilda Schwehn, of the women’s physical education department, will speak tonight at the annual Indiana Student Health Association conference at Earlham College, at Richmond. Miss Schwehn will give a report of the Purdue health knowledge test.
more than boys, I believe. This place seems ideal to me,” he said. In the bowling alley we found George.'‘Arnold.of Iowa State,, and Burt Newman, of Rochester, enjoying Stuckey’s alleys. “We have no bowling or billiards at Iowa State,” said George, “we emphasize social functions more. Those activities are left to the athletic department. During the winter quarter we have a formal dance almost every week in the ballroom.” Students Live At Home Robert Alsfelder, of Cincinnati University, was having his shoes shifted in the basement. “We don’t have shoeshine parlors or barber shops at Cincinnati. It isn’t used as much as Purdue’s Union. Most of our students live at home.” Tw'o Michigan State delegates, Ed Flowers and Dick Nahstoll, wei*e were in the grill smoking, when approached. “The most impressive thing about your Union is the care the students give it. The browsing room is the best example.” All in all the visiting delegates were very well pleased by the Union. Some said it was one of the most complete and biggest Unions they had seen. Congratulations Val, Toni, 'and
boax’d!
Katz Plays Again For Mixer Tonight Repeating their performance of last night, A1 Katz and his Kittens will play for the weekly Saturday dollar mixer at 9 o’clock tonight in the Memorial Union ballroom. Featured with the band will be June Raye, singer and dancer. Katz and his boys recently completed engagements at the Arcadia Ballroom and Hollywood Restaurant, both in New York City.' Davis Speaks At Aurora On New Insed Control Piof. J. J. Davis, head of the Purdue entomology depai-tment, spoke Thursday in Aurora, 111., before a joint meeting of the Illinois State Vegetable Growers Association an<i the State Horticultural Association of Noi'thern Illinois. His subject was “NeVv Insecticides and Their Use in Insect Control."^I
fell
THE PURDUE FOMENT
Stanford Design For Learning... ' (From The Stanford Daily) That Stanford may soon be among the unblushing institutions which are stripping the bogey of ignorance from sex, and drawing nationwide applause for unashamed action, becomes possible with the appearance of a proposal now pending student approval for a new course—Personal Problems in Modern Society. Drawn up by the Faculty Committee on New Courses, in conjunction with the Student-Faculty Relations Committee, the anticipated addition to winter quarter’s time schedule aims to treat the problem of marriage as a social problem, which divorce figures indicate is as truly a problem as many the University seeks to illuminate. All phases of martial life would be discussed in a series of lectures prepared by various faculty members, and “ihvited speakers,” authorities on practical aspects of the problem. Not designed as a course exclusively on sexual relations of the martial state, it prooses to devote at least half time to home economic questions, budgeting, parental responsibilities, child-rearing, and the like. But even its advocates regard the physiological aspects as prime in import. This would seem to run true, in the light of a reasoning commonly offered as an argument for courses in sex education. Throughout the years of formal and informal education on mariage and homemaking, most every element is touched on in classroom study with the exception of the one vital point—physiological relations. The economic phases of budgeting, consumer research, saving, and social insurance are touched upon m the economics department. The woman’s part in home economics, cooking, sewing, and other homemaking tasks, is handled in high school courses—^perhaps should be more seriously considered at Stanford. Through overlapping study many of the non-sexual martial problems are covered at some point in the educational process. Now it becomes necessary to remove the mask of victorianism and supplant the series of back-alley uncertainties with an adequate explanation of the sexual and emotional truths regarding marriage. It isn’t that Stanford people don’t know about sex. Rather, it is a need for confirmation of what they suspect. And with this confirmation of the physiological, will go a reiteration of the economic and social aspects. Such a course may be popular at first because of innate tendencies in the human species to lean toward pronographia. But after the first flutter, and realization that intelligent sex education and por-
g^ssoetated ^oUej^iate H«nSOM WISCONSIN Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congrress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postasre provided for in section 1108. act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60. nHPRBSENTED POP NATIONAU ADVERTIBIKQ OV National AdvertisiilgService, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y CHICAGO - Boston - Los Angeles - San Francisco MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St, Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6087 Business Phone 6088 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
Bosiness Mnnarer
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor. J. E. Brock Associate Editors JD. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager, — J. F. Girard National Advertising Manager. — W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager — —R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor — R. F. Obenehain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AU opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Issue Editor—Terrio Night Editor—Schroeder Saturday, December 4, 1937
nographia are two greatly different things, there cannot help but be a healthy response hardly akin to the search for sensationalism. Stanford may take the bald displayism off sex education by calling its course “Personal Problems in Modem Society,” but beneath the name it will do well to follow the lead of other major universities in furthering successful livelihood by facing the marital problem squarely.
By Mary Cooley The Xavier University News comments that a professor who comes 10 minutes late for his class is quite rare. In fact, he’s in a class all by himself. * ^ “Jovck megis ha akarod vonataal erkeznek tizenkettotizenegykor vegyel egy jegyet Brown section megizettem.” This telegram, sent by John Kenton, 16-year-old freshman at Brown University (Providence, R. I.), was the means of saving him 32 cents and started the United States navy intelligence bureau on a spy hunt. Kenton wanted to communicate with Andrew Bato, a student at Yale, to complete their plans for attending the Brown-Yale football game. So he telegraphed the message, which is translated; “I can come after all if you want me to. Will arrive by train at 12:14 (that 12:14 is how you say ‘tizenkettotizennegkor’ in English). Please buy ticket in Brown section. Will repay.” Somewhere over the wires between Providence and New Haven the telegram fell into the hands of the navy intelligence. An agent called on Bato because a new torpedo chamber designated as the ‘Brown section’ has been invented by a Mr. Brown. Kenton made a very simple explanation: “In English it would have cost me 64 cents,” he said. * v * v DePauw University’s 450 co-eds spend more a year than the 750 men students even though the boys foot most of the “date” bills. A recent tabulation showed that the women students spent $241,052 axmually for clothes, while men paid out only $235,810, according to Paul Coons, advertising manager of the Mirage, school yearbook. * * V V The editor-in-chief-“ess” of the campus newspaper at Kent University, Kent, O., has done what no man has been able to do. Helen Wescott, the second girl ever selected as editor, has changed the newspaper from a weekly to a semiweekly publication. V V « V Attention was called to Mississippi’s dormant “monkey law” and to - a biology teacher at Mississippi
State Teachers’ College when he ripped an evolution chapter out of his students’ textbooks. John M. Frazier hacked out the offensive pages from 60 new biology editions in which a banned treatise was included. His action, a decade after Tennessee’s famous “monkey trial,” renewed the evolution discussion. In 1926 after the John T. Scopes trial at Dayton, Tenn., Mississippi passed a law that forbade the teaching or use of books which related the theory that man “ascended or descended from a lower order of animals.” ^ A ^ Definition: College is the four years between high school and CCC camp— the Tulane Hullabaloo. ATO's Protest Phi Tau Touchball Semi-Final Purdue’s Fieldhouse witnessed its first protest of an intramural game since the intramural offices were moved, last night. The Alpha Tau Omega’s felt that they had been slighted by the referee in their touchball game with the Phi Kappa Tau’s in the semi-finals of the intei’fraternity touchball race. Protest Play The obtainable facts of the case were that, with the ATO’s on their opponents’ one yard line, the Phi Kappa Tau’s were offside and the referee blew his whistle, but the play went on. It finally resulted in a tying touchdown for the ATO’s. The Phi Kappa Tau’s had previously made the first score and led 6-0 until this play. This being the case, the referee called the play back and instead of giving the ATO’s their choice of either the gain or the penalty, he insisted that they had to take the penalty, cancelling the touchdown and resulting in the final score of 6-0 for the Phi Kappa Tau’s. Play Game Over It was decided in a meeting yesterday that the referee’s decision had been wrong and that the game was really a tie at 6-6, the disputed play being for the benefit of the ATO’s. Thus, the two teams will play off the tie Monday. The winner of this replayed game will then meet the Theta Chi’s in the finals of the tournament sometime early in the week, the winner of this final round garnering the trophy that goes with tlje touchball championship.
Co-Edits
The time has come to plead before the University co-eds in the cause of the campus male. Many eds are being driven to penury by the disinclination of co-eds to “hoof it” to and from dances and other social functions on the campus. The initiative in the matter, of course, falls upon the women, for the chivalry of males forbids them to take up the campaign in their own behalf and suggest that a healthier means of locomotion — namely walking — be chosen by the fair sex in place of the luxurious habit of riding. Occasionally the eds find themselves in situations such as have given rise to newspaper columns labeled “my most embarrassing moment,” and are forced to think up plausible excuses for taking their companions of the evening home by the shoe-sole route. Ordinarily, however, the subject is too delicate a one for the socially ambitious male to broach in his own behalf. Yet taxi fares make noticeable dents in most anyone’s budget, and street cars do not go ip criss-cross directions on the West Side, therefore the only alternatives are walking or remaining at home by the fire. Were the boys to investigate the situation, they would probably be surprised to find the weaker of the species not nearly so prejudiced toward the strolling idea as is usually imagined. Unless eds conceive such plans as dashes through the snow, clad in evening sandals and formal dresses, or lengthy hikes at questionable hours, they will find co-eds very tolerant and agreeable to the idea of tripping the light fantastic at a walking gait.—G. S. Award Greenis^ Obenehain^ I-M Manager To the release of the names of all men receiving their letters for this year two more have been added, both men being awarded manager letters. R. F. Obenehain and J. W. Greenis are the two men to receive their “P’s”. Obenchaip is a member of Sigrma Chi social fraternity, senior Sports Editor of the Exponent, and intramural publicity manager, while Greenis ii^ in Tau Kappa jppsilon and is a jimior intramural %ianager.
MALE BEAUTY WINNER DISCLOSED (at last) Males who were in the running yesterday have dropped completely out of sight in this final and complete tabulation to determine the “Male Beauty King.” Crowned by an overwhelming majority of vote® scribbler, penned, and printed by women, Carl Sadler Pi Kappa Phi stalwart, romped off with the bacon. Said Sadler as he unceremonious ly pushed his way through throngs of admiring women, “Well, organ ized politics Can do anything.” “I have one last request,” he beamed, “let me walk across the stage with Mary Alice Masters as she takes the Debris beauty prize. But hark, we have forgotten the other “beauties” who gave o champion such a close race. In order as they finished they are: “Tommy” Graham, Robbie Reid, “Stonewall” Jackson, Slurp Gillilan, “Red” Rohyans, “Terrier of the Plains” Craig, Cec Isbell,^ Jack Goory, Bob Mueller, Ward Stallings . . . and last but not least, our own Bud Taylor. Bud had tough going in today’s balloting as many of the votes cast for him were ruled out because the women decided he was too good looking to compete in a contest with such rank “amateur beauties” as the rest. And now that our poll has reached a very successful conclusion, we say to you. Chuck Ehinger, why would not a series of pictures of these men be better for the Debris than a lot of dames’ pictures? It’s up to you, Chuck, old boy, to end this period of female “beauty” domination. As an afterthought, it wouldn’ be such a bad idea if the Debris beauties were made to appear at the contest in bathing suits. That would “suit” the audience and the faces would be “bathed” in smiles. Latest returns on the Fieldhouse nude swimming episode is that a group of boys are hunting for a similar balcony door by the women’s pool.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
FOWLER HALL
'Rufe' Leaves Town —Tonight—
So Does ^OdL £anL J<ah, dOuavjpfL FEATURING Loy . Cary Davis Vaughan . . enthuBiastically received . . . witty lines . . . instructive . . . flood ..." Pur. Ex. Curtain Rises at 8:00 P. M.
Soturday. December 4« 1937
GRIN AND BEAR IT i
> By Lichty
“I wish you’d stop sending pep letters to Nome, Alaskapin holds up the map!”
-that"
By Sally McKee Yesterday we suggested hat tipping. Today you are saying when? Today we try to answer. A man tips his hat to a girl or a woman whom he knows when he passes her on the street or in a public gathering. He lifts his hat to a man or woman to whom his companion speaks whether he knows him or not. Simple, don’t you think ?
ARC
— • LAST DAY • — HELEN BRODERICK VICTOR MOORE in “MEET THE MISSUS” —and— TOM TYLER in “SANTA FE BOUND” —also— First Episode of “DICK TRACY” -plusmusical CARTOON
—LAST DAY— WARNER JOAN iM BEiiETT (jOoitoL (iOoAl^eAX YG^niis W IfKttt" IN TECHNICOLOR with Helen VINSON • Mischa AUER Alan MOWBRAY • Jerome COWAN and the famous WALTER WANGER MODELS — STARTING TOMORROW — Funniest... Sunniest... Honeyest of Comedies!
• COMING • DUKE ELLINGTON AND HIS ORCHESTRA ON OUR STAGE
Of course closely allied to hat tipping is the complete removaUof the hat. When stopping to talk to a woman you civily remove your hat in her presence. If your companion stops to speak to a co-ed friend, here again remove your hat, confident that everyone in the group will soon at least be acquainted. When you go into an office, just as when you go into a home, you should take off your hat. You are about to make a personal contact with the professor or his secretary; it is impoliteness probably unintended, not to remove your hat.
—LAST DAY— GANGWAY FdR TORCHY! SHE'S GOING TO TOWN
GLENBA FARRELL BARTON MacUUie. —PIiiz— Two Worils Thai Strike Fear to Every Rat in Amerleai ALCirRAl lELANil
l John Litel
with
Ann Sheridan
—Starting Tomorrow— Ronald Colman Madeleine Carroll in “The Prisoner of Zenda”
-TODAY TWO FEATURES Bobby Breen in Make a Wish —and— Doug. Fairbanks, Jr. in When Thief Meets Thief
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30 Man Hunt Thrills in the Snow Covered Alps! Death Daring ski jumps, breath taking scenery An avalanche of thrills! HIDEOUT IN THE ALPS with Warner Baxter Anthony Bushell IT’S FIRST RUN
EXTRA FUN Joe and Asbestos in A Horse’s Tale
Smith and Dale Diversionsu
Saturday, December 4,1937
TBE FUBDUE EXPONENT
Overflowing Gallery Witnesses Inaugural Aquacade
Varsity Netmen Hold Scrimmage In Preparation For Opener Next Week With the first game with Indiana State Teachers’ College coming up within a week) Coach Lambert is not sparing scrimmage to whip the boys into shape for his race horse type of basketball. Running through a regulation game in scrimmage last night the boys did not have the timing on their passes and breaks as yet, but some of them had their shooting ejyes in good form. Jewell Young was hitting in old time form, tint Fisher, a sophomore, was giving the varsity some gray hairs with his excellent sharpshooting on follow-up shots. Starting off with four veterans and a sophomore in the lineup, the varsity had quite a time with the second stringers for the first half, but once started hitting, they kept the nets in constant motion. Young and Sines started at forward pdsts, with Anderson at center and Dickinson and Beretta at guards, but Malaska worked for quite a while at his old^post at guard. For those who have yet to see a game played under the new rule eliminating the center jump, the play will seem much faster, and in reality is. Eliminating the jump, and letting the team opposite the one scoring take the ball out under their own basket, makes the game just one continuous race from one end of the floor to the other. Although the new rules are supposed to prove a hardship on the players, with less rest after each goal, the players did not look in any worse shape after the hard
workout than they did last year after a tough game. Coach Lambert, however, said that he expected the rules to make the game a little tougher for the college teams with the big floors, but that the smaller high school floors would not make things much harder for the players. Playing against^ the first stringers, Vernon, a sophomore, and Hutt, a junior with some game experience, looked mighty good and may give some of the veterans a fight for their positions. Some of the other sophomores in action last night, who looked like good prospects, were Yeager, Brady, Stamm, Walkey, Lucas, and Britt. This year’s squad should be as plentiful as ever in reserves. Next Wednesday the varsity will play its annual game with the freshmen and provide the student body with its first chance to see the present squad in, action under the new rules.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square ' Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
For ydur
ISIS Remember to make a reservation in the
Attractive modern rooms each equipped with telephone and shower bath. A quiet, comfortable, Convenient Location
JhiL fiwtdvjL TyUum^doL lAnxofL Comer of the Campus-^Yei the Center of ActivUiee
Claudia Eckerf And Barbara Cook Thrill Spectators With Dives As Dolphins Clown Selling of extra tickets at the door last night after the Aquacade had started inconvenienced a number of persons who had bought 'tickets in advance. A few visitors with advance sale tickets were refused admittance because their seats were occupied by persons who had been sold tickets shortly after the show started. Their money was refunded, however. Inability to accommodate later comers at the Aquacade laikt night was an oversight on his part, Ticket Chairman J. H. Jacobi said, but all advance sale ticket holders for tonight’s program may rest assured they will be provided seats. Comedy and seriousness went hand in hand last night as the combined Dolphin and Triton clubs put on their inaugural water pageant before a crowded gallery of over four hundred spectators.
Doubts Banished Anyone who had entertained any previous doubts as to the interest and amusement that the presenta= tion would command had them dispelled as they sat through a kaleidoscopic picture which started out in a serious mood, flowed gradually through three events into a comedy mattress race, and then refluxed back and forth for the rest of the program between the ridiculous and the sublime. Claudia Eckert stood out by virtue of her polished and difficult diving exhibition and she will provide tonight’s audience with an increased number to better display her skill. Announcer Jery Ciral’s part as announcer was more than ably filled as he kept up a constant line of running banter most of which was appropos. His discourse knit the events into a smooth flowing show and provided a background for the Aqua-
cade.
Starting off the events, the Triton Club made a formation of a ‘D’ and a ‘T’ for Dolphin and Triton. After that the queen, Barbara Cook, was presented and the show got under way. Grudge Race Then came the grudge underwater swim with Krick, Armstrong, Carr, and Obenchain. Bud Armstrong came out the winner bearing out his previous prophesy that his unorthodox style would beat that of his three rivals. Humor was first introduced in the mattress race, as two teams of four men each vied with each other to find the best combination in paddling an inflated rubber mattress up and down the pool in the best
time.
Swimming Exhibition In the absence of her sister who
was rushed to the hospital in the middle of the week, Billy Nichol^PhCarried on with a graceful exhi'Mtiomof^wimming skill. She is the midget champion of the Lake Shore Athletic Club and is only 14 years old, yet she showed that she was a master of the aquatic art. Continuing the exhibition, Claudia Eckert and Virginia Schakel went through a routine of coordinated swimming, with perfect timing and rhythm, ending up with surface dives, tandem swimming, and underwater pin wheel.
Comedy
Ed Rohrbaugh and Bob Marshall put on a comedy diving and swimming act which kept the crowd in a continuous uproar, all aided by Jerry Ciral’s commentations. Water polo then took the spotlight and on-lookers were treated to a form of voluntary suicide as the varsity swimming squad took on the second team in five minutes of concentrated play. All during this, Gil Treadwell and Charles Gardner clowned around the pool. After the game was over, they both disported themselves about in the pool to the hmusement of all present and then they proceeded to save the life of the life guard who tried to save them from drowning. This was one of the funniest bits of the entire presentation.
Diving
Diving exhibitions next came on deck with Claudia Eckert and Barbara Cook sharing the honors with their performances on the high diving board. Both girls put on a series of dives which will long be remembered by those that saw the show. Claudia’s closing dive, a one and a half sommersault, full twist, called out a sustained applause of approval from the crowd. Comedy again took the stand as
POPCORN Try Our Hot Mince Pies DAD’S PLACE — So Handy
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
For good work and prompt service take your laundry and dry cleaning to our WEST SIDE OFFICE 132 Vine Street Or should you desire pick up and delivery service CALL 3085 10% discount on all laundry brought in and called for at our West Side office.
ERICAN LAUNDRY
By Dick Obenchain While the football lads are over to the brewery getting their snootful full, we’ll tell you a little about three of the best bull session lads on the squad—Woody Knorr, Bob Selby, and Andy Grant. . . —^fc— All three of these lads hang out at the ATO house ... Bob and Andy are graduating from the physical educaiion school and Woody is finishing up in the science school . . . Bob is graduating in mid-year and is interested in sales promotion , . . Woody would like to take a law course at Harvard . . . And Andy hasn’t decided just exactly what he is going to do, but he’s sure that it won’t be pro football. —^fc— ^ Every time we go over to see thesfe boys, we begin our interview by trying to convince them our iJipe tobacco is the best and by the time we get around to the Alpha Tau
Sam Craig, and “Dodo” Wildhack clowned their way through a diving sequence and ended up by putting on a serious display of duo diving with Sam on thd" low board and “Dodo” on the high. Their best event was a two and a half sommersault from the high board coordinated with a one and a half from the low. Finale The pageant was,drawn to aldose by a medley and free style swimming relay, and then both clubs went through a formation finale to ring down the final curtain. A few additional tickets will be available at the door for tonight’s performance.
Omega Christmas formal it’s past our deadline and so we get back to the suits of Andy’s newly organized basketball team . . . On our way home we always have a faint question in our mind concerning who interviewed who - . . _fc— Andy’s pride and joy nowadays is a basketball team composed of Cec Isbell, Clem Woltman, Jim Zachary, Andy, and another boy from across town . . . They’re intending to put on some demonstrations at varioxis towns around the state ... And they will be plenty good, too . , . Andy played a couple of years under Lambert . . . All the rest were high school stars and have kept in practice in the interfraternity league. —^fc— Woody has been taking a beating around the house since he came back from St. Louis with some pictnres (he has a very good story explaining the whole thing)—^but they still call him “Pop” Knorr. —fc— Both Woody and Bob had injuries this year and neither saw hiuch action . . . Last year was a good one for Bob and he saw quite a bit of action especially in the Fordham game . . . Woody also had a good year at guard for the Boilermakers the same season. '—^fc— Andy has been hospitalized 13 timjps since entering Purdue and is one of Purdue’s hard luck boys . . . Another lad who is riding in tough luck is Lowell Decker who dislocated his shoulder in a practice basketball game between the Sigs and Phi Delts last Wednesday.
Place your orders for Christmas greeting cards now. A choice selection available at popular prices. LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO. 511 Ferry Street
BETTER HEALTH FOR OUR BOYS AND GIRLS.. . PROTECT THEM AGAINST TUBERCULOSIS, THE DISEASE THAT STM, LEADS AS A CAUSE OF DEATH BETWEEN 15 AND 25 BUY and USE CHRISTMAS SEALS t Th* NattonaL Stato. cmd Local Thboienloaia AsaoeialiOM in tk* tfaHodi StelM
I ‘*’*7’"^^. ■ ■'■'v.
' . r:jr
1-
\y"
' fi;
x;
IS'"'-'
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Oriental Students To Demonstrate Art I. G. Yang and S. G. Tung, graduate students of the University of Nanking, Nanking, China, assisted by Miss Florence Senor presented a program of Chinese art and culture before the Cosmopolitan Club at 7:16 p. m. yesterday in room C. of the Union Building. Yang demonstrated a musical instrument which he calls the tap piano. The tap piano resembles a xylophone, but is a stringed instrument, and is difficult to play, states the oriental. The instrument produces a very delicate type of music. Tung gave a chalk talk illustrating the origin and development of Chinese characters used in printing and wu'iting. After the meeting, Mr. Tung with the aid of a fine brush demonstrated the method of vn’iting intricate Chinese letters. 26 Co-eds Seleded For Varsity Hockey Teams Twenty-six girls out of the original 100 who participated in field hockey this fall were recently selected as members of the varsity hockey teams. All star teams, the Golds and the Blacks, composed of 13 girls each, were chosen from class teams. Mabel Campbell of Delphi, was selected captain of the Gold team, and Jean Campbell, of Whiting, leads the Black group. Selection of the players was based on skill displayed in tournament play, 'in which each class played other class groups twice.
IS:
Violin Miking
The process of making violins is illustrated in an exhibit which will be on display in the music, room of the Memorial Union Building until Tuesday evening. In conjufrction with this exhibit, a collection of books is also on display. An exhibit which was used by Voit and Geiger, violin makers of Chicago, 111., at the World’s Fair in 1933-34, this display includes all of the parts of a violin in dissembled form, arranged in orde rof their production from raw wood to finished violins. Tools used in making the intricate pieces in violins are also shown, and pamphlets concerning their construction are available free of charge upon request. Loaned by the Carl Fisher Company, of New York City and Chi cago. 111., the set of books on display includes such bookfe as “Oxford History of Music,” “Handbook of Conduction,” and “Mardigral Singing.” Carter To Instrud Classes In Freehand Drawing Freehand drawing classes will be given to University students each week in Michael Golden Shop, second floor, from 7:30 to 9:10 p. m. on Monday’s and Wednesday’s, A. H. Carter of the Mechanical depart ment announced yesterday. Carter, instructor of the classes, states that 3B pencils, thumbtacks, and an eraser will be the only necessary tools. Students desiring to learn this type of drawing are urged by Carter to come to the free classes.
By J. N. Davis On 'Tuesday senior counselors will meet to discuss problems which have arisen in their work. Methods of counseling which they have found effective will be reviewted in an open forum. A typical interview will be staged by Tau Beta Pi at this meeting to show freshman problems and how a counselor can aid in their solution. All counselors are urged to contact their assigned freshmen and bring to this meeting for discussion any problems they have encountered. —0-0— Upperclassmen who wish to tutor freshmen in Chemistry 1 are urged to sign up at the Personnel Office. Considerable demand for their ^services is anticipated in the near future.
Typical Purdue Freshmen Co~ed Is 181-2 Years Old, Weighs 121 Pounds
By Georgann Schilling Purdue freshmeri co-eds, 1937 model, ,are younger than beginning girls at the University of Wisconsin, University of Minnesota, and at Wellesley College. This year’s co-ed is 18 and one-half years old. This number is below the 1929-36 avei’age in age by a difference of only .05 years. Survey Shows Statistics These statistics are taken from a survey of measurements of a typical freshman made,by Jeanne Bailey, a graduate of MacMurray College at Jacksonville, 111., who is doing graduate work in the Physical Education department. According to this data, the typical freshman co-ed weighs 121 pounds, is 5’ 3%” tall, has a lung capacity of 173.2 cubic inches, and a posture grade of B. Purdue co-eds are approximately average in height in comparison with co-eds of other schools; and although Purdue girls are, heavier than those of Hollins College, Stanford University, and Arizona University, they weigh the same as the Wellesley College entrants. The average height over the 1929-36 period is only .01 inch under the 1937 average, whereas this year’s freshmen are 2.52 pounds heavier than those of other years. Vital Capacity High Entrants of Stanford, Arizona
University, and Hollins College have a lower vital capacity than that of Purdue’s co-eds. Wellesley and Vassar fx'eshmen have a higher mean vital capacity. In comparison with the measurements taken here between 1929-36, this year’s freshmen have a vital capacity above average. ^ The strength of 1937 entrants’ hands is slightly below the 1936 average. Posture grade averages during these eight years have remained the same.
R.A. Receives Praise From
Highly praised by critics as the best biological consideration yet given this noted British novelist, “W. Somerset Maugham” by Prof. Richard Cordell, of the English de-pai-tment, has been recently published by Thomas Nelson & Sons. Professor Cordell’s study of the novelist was written during the last two yeai'S. He spent a sabbatical leave from the University in 193536 in England,, gathering some of his material from the British museum. Also he had numerous interviews with Mr. Maugham, and was entertained by him.
irvice
SOUTHWQRTH^S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 -— Locksmith -— “C” CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.C.N. and Norton Door Checks Open Evenings Ph. 2291 3tate-Main, W. L. — Dine ——
DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road — Shoe Repair — BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP —Taxi Service — The Thinking Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of city 5023—Phones—3071 ’ YELLOW CAB CO.
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J, SPERB HDW. Sii MAIN
Jewelry
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street R. G. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Florist-—
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at, 7th Phone 6050 CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • ' ..... • Moat exciusire assortment of corBages aTailable to Pnrdne Stadents. 527 Main Phone 54S2 -— Confectiotiery — Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and Sixth Sta. —Auto Rental— RENT A CAR DRIVE IT YOURSELF THAYER’S GARAGE Main & South Sts., West Lafayette Phone 51784 Special rates for distant points for the holidays.
-Printing—
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
'Office Slaiionety Wedding Invitationi
_ Sales Books, Etc. PHONE . ^
2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
WB A A Programs
—Today— 11:00—Just kids. 11:15—Don’t Listen. 11:30—High School Guest Pro-gram-Cutler. 12:00—Charles Paul—Tune Time. 12:30—Footnotes in the Headlines with Prof. Frank Hall. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Market Reports. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—^Saturday Musical Review. 2:00.—“Around the Town.” 2:00^—Pat Clinton’s Band. 2:30—A1 Katz and his Kittens. 2:45.—Ben Burns, vocalist, Russ Mock, accompanist. 3:00—Stamp Club. i
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and .repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work; C- F* Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
PHOTOGRAPHIC XMAS SPECIAL—Three 8x10 for $6.00 Void after December 9th. Hinea’s.
FOR RENT—Reliable student wants roommate. Separate bed and dresser. 432 N. GrantV Phone 41612.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting December 7 at 7:30 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building. —RANDALL.
Senior Mechanicals: Inspection trip reports must be made by December 16. Jbr particulars see bulletin board in Mechanical Engineering Building. —YOUNG.
Gimlet: Formal initiation postponed until later date. —BROWN.
Saturday, December 4,1937,
o'YWCA Settlement House: All girls Interested in doing Settlement House work' call 2928. ! —brown.
All Exponent Co-ed Staff: Meet in Union Exponent office at 4 p. m. December 7. ■■1 ,, PYKE. Ping Pong: These games must be played off by noon December 4. In the gym.—L. Voelkle vs. A. Gauger, M. Shroeder .vs. S. Bauten, L. Petersen vs. H. Muterspaugh, In the WRH—E. Boyd vs. R. Haupth, C. Sebast vs. M. McKnight, D. Bates Vs.' D. Hendricksen. ' '• —BLANK.
Military Juniors: See Cadet officers’ bulletin board regarding dite for having yoUr boot measurements taken, Please arrange to report on the scheduled date. ^ -^WHISTLER.
PIA: All PI A members who Want to attend PI A tea dance and do not have datesregister in PIA office today. No dates will be arranged but a limited number of stags will be allowed to attend. —SCHLUNDT.
Fraternity Presidents: Interfraternity Presidents Council meeting postponed until December 9. —WHITING.
Pi Tau Sigma: Pi Tau Sigma vs. Mechanical Engineering faculty. Bowling tournament 1 p. m* December 4 at Lafayette Bowling Alleys. —COX.
it
Union Sophomores: My committee will meet in the tower room at I p. m. December 4. —GARLAND.
4'
WAA Volley Ball: Schedule for December 6: 4:00—Kappa vs. WRH North (small gym). 4:00—Alpha Chi vs. Ward 2 (large gym). 4:30—Alpha Xi vs. Ward 3 (small gym). 4:30—Chi Omega vs. Pedallion (large gymL —RODERICK.
Good Morning!
Every morning is a good morning in a Crown pressed suit. A man,goes to his classes brighter— the whole day seems brighter. Get the habit of having your clothes Grown Cleaned regularly.
F I H E C L E A N E R $ OF FI N E CL O T H E S WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
Be The Early Bird Merchants are ready with the finest display of Christmas merchandise ever assembled. The streets are ablaze with colorful lights—the shops decked in gay holiday attire. The whole city is transformed into a festival of merry making. This is a picture of Lafayette. Do your shopping in Lafayette before going home Christmas.
Patronize Local Merchants