i*ii|
the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Saturday, October 23, 1937
NX7MBER 35
Xlean-Up' Campaign Procures Assurance To 'Clean House' From West Side Offender
Repercussions of yesterday’s launching of an Exponent— Student Health Service campaign to “clean up” West Lafayette’s eating places brought an offending ne4r-campus restaurant owner to University authorities yesterday with a pledge to “clean house.” It was at this proprietor’s shop that students ate food from which they became violently ill. All have since recovered, and no new cases have been re-
All
America
Ratings
•ByCHRISTY WALSH-
Member All-America Board of Football
Sixty-five percent of the players recommended in the Ratings to date have been backfield luminaries. Try as you will, it is almost unavoidable to overlook the scintillating work of the passers, runners and blockers in the early games. This week we find the linemen moving to the center of the stage and receiving credit they deserve, from many observers. Watch out for unheralded tackles, guards and centers in the coming weeks.
Coaches Warner, ^uppke and Thomas, members of the All America Board, have filed their first recommendation of the current season and henceforth they’ll be watching candidates with jan eye to the final lineup. Pop Warner files the names of five eastern players on his list for observation. Howard Jones will select his first coast candidate after his struggle with California.
RUSSELL. Auburn. Tacklje. Zipp Newmann, Birmingham News wires: “Bussell stands six feet tall and weighs 199 pounds He was the outstanding lineman on the field against Mississippi State and is one of the gieat linemen in the deep south. Bussell IS fast, cagey, and cool under fire, a fine diagnostician and a spirited teamworker. He was an All-American against the 200-pound line of Mississippi State.”
ported. Satisfaction with the reaction from yesterday’s expose and hope for further improvement was expressed by Dr. S. J. Miller, head of the Student Health Service at whose instigation a state investigation of campus eating conditions was made. Miller stated that campus opinion was favorable to the clean-up campaign. Hockema Likes Idea “Sorry we didn’t start the campaign sooner,” said Prof. P. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, when interviewed last night. “I do think it’s a fine thing and believe you’ll find most of the faculty opinion behind the move.” “This campaign is a step toward better housing conditions, which is a part of the PIA program,” said R. H. Schlundt, PIA president. “My own opinion is that near-campus restaurants do not provide sanitation or an environment up to the standard of most of our homes.” Inspector T. E. Sullivan, of the state bureau of food and rugs, will return to the campus in two or three weeks for a thorough inspection of restaurants, taverns, and other eating places, both here and in Lafayette. Several restaurant owners were warned Thursday by Sullivan, then on his first visit to the campus, that they must be in a position to meet state inspection at that time.
Wo Smoking^Rule Is Still Indefinite
No decision on the rejection of the no smoking tradition by thje Student Senate has as yet been reported by the Board of TruSiees, it was announced yesterday by Dan Rohyans, senate president. He also said the Board of Trustees will not be ready to issue their decision until Monday.
Debris EledsD. H. Mebsner
Junior Business Manager; Price Stili $4 Untii Nov. 2
D. H. Meissner, ChE ’39,) was elected by the Debris Board last night to fill the position left vacant when Dick Fowler, who was elected last spring failed to rfeturn to the University this fall. Meissner will take office as one of the three junior business managers on the Debris staff. Although the price of the yearbook was scheduled to raise from $4 to $4.50 after the first 1,000 books had been sold, those in charge announced that the price would remain at $4 until November 2. Already 1,089 yearbooks have been ordered.
Joe McCartney Wiil Piay For Union Mixer Tonigtit
Joe McCartney and his orchestra will syncopate for the mixer tonight in the Union ballroom from 9 until 12 o’clock. Decorations and the backdrop from the Gold Diggers Ball of last night will be used. McCartney’s orchestra has played several times before at the University, though this is their first appearance here this year. The band was formed six years ago at DePauw University.
Research Worker's Importance Shown In
JORDAN. Georgia Tech. End. A 60-inin-ute man against a formidable foe, this giant wingman was the star of the day, in a one point defeat Jordan stands 6 feet 3 inches and weighs 190 pounds. “The best end in the South,” wires Ed Danforth Atlanta Georgian. “Against Duke, he caught SIX passes for a total of 105 yards and lateralled other passes for long gains.” Our Atlanta representative adds: “Jordan can split a backfield tandem and nail the runner and handle any tackle.”
WYSOCKI. VillanovB. End. The No. 10 on Ills broad-backed jersey was the most conspicuous numeral on the field of play. No matter who had the ball—Wysocki was at the hub of every play—fie smashed Manhattan forwards without let-up, he scooped passes and intercepted enemy heaves, at will. His defensive tactics were clean but furious and he scored 19 of Villanova’s 20 points.
CHRISTIANSEN. Minnesota. Fullback. "Christiansen is one of those fullbacks who seems to bounce along for extra yardage, even with a couple of tacklers hanging on” —-thus comments Edward W. Cochrane, Chicago American sports editor and noted football official Cochrane adds: “This sophomore, outstanding player on the field, carried the ball for an average of 6 yards in 14 attempts—most of it when Michigan was flesh and full of fight ”
RYBA. Alabama. Tackle. Outstanding veteran coach, wishing name withheld, wires as follows, “I saw this lad Jim Byba against Tennessee and place hinri on a par with any tackle in the land today. Tennessee, powerful, rugged and hard-charging especially in the line, was defeated, due in a large measure to the amazing line play of Alabama with Byba as the conspicuous defender ” Jim receives a Card of Merit.
FRANCO. Fordham. Tackle. Switched from guald to tackle, or vice versa, in the heat of conflict, this tireless, human bulwark would almost impede the progress of a locomotive. He was the stand-out lineman in the Fordham-Pittsbuigh defensive classic — sealing this verdict, George Daley, Ntw Yolk Herald Tribune writes as follows: “If there is any better tackle on the gridiron, it has not been my privilege to see him.”
KAWCHAK. Carnegie Tech. Guard* A rugged, hard-figbting player who carries out his assignment without display, earns praise and * All America recommendation fiom Harry Keck, Pittsburgh Sun-Telegiaph “Kawchak was a star against Notre Dame” wires Keck. “He was the keystone in a line that turned Notre Dame back three times on the goal line and set up the winning field goal, by intercepting a pass and lunning it to the 14 yard line.”
OSMAN8KI. Holy Cross. Fullback. Designated as one of the truly gieat backs of the day by Coach Pop Warner, this mighty plunger was easily the outstanding back in a gruelling battle, won by the margin of a single point. Osmanski carried the brunt of his teams play, crashing doggedly on one occasion to the one-yard-line, but his amazing performance reached heights of brilliance when the snappy Georgians had the ball.
GBUEGER. Kansas State. Tackle. Waiting patiently but resolutely Kansas State defeated Marquette for the first time in 12 years in a fierce, muddy struggle—victory coming in a large degree because of line (Continued on page 4)
Address Before Co-eds By Dr. Maud Slye
By Sally McKee and Pat Heine
“Do not be discouraged by monetary lack and by public scorn of research work, for research workers are those who make better men of tomorrow,” was the final admonition to the co eds of Dr. Maud Slye in her address Wednesday evening befor the Second Annual Conference on Women’s Work and Opportunities.
Christian Students Will Convene Here
Representatives from campuses of all leading- colleges of the state will meet at Purdue November 6 and 7 for the annual Indiana Christian Student Conference. The Purdue Religious Council is cooperating with the state officers in planning the program and the entertainment of visiting students while on the campus. A complete program built around the theme “Making Our Contacts Christian” is being planned. Entertainment includes a special presentation of a three-act play by the Wesley Players of Purdue.
Methodist Men's Class To Hold Bean Supper Tonight
Under the auspices of the Methodist Men’s student class, Rev. Jopeph B. Gleason, pastor of the West Lafayette Baptist church, will give a talk entitled “Let Me Call You Sweetheart” at a free bean supper to be held tonight at the West Lafayette Methodist Church. The Wesley Foundation orchestra, under the direction of W. D. McEachron, will provide a musical program before supper, with Don Hurd and John Nitsche, club officers, acting as toastmasters. Bob Fitzgerald will offer a program of guitar music, followed by an accordion solo by Prof. D. H. Patterson. Reservations for the supper may be made at th^e Wesley Foundation house by calling 6261.
This woman, who has spent the past 28 years in her laboratory, “to which,” she said, “I return,” exploring in these 28 years a reach of inheritance in mice which it would take 3,000 years of human life to explorejhas proved “irrefutably that susceptiibility to cancer is heredi tary, that some of us are exempt from the intense cancer pain, and that by family records cancer can be predicted and controlled.” Urges Medical Histories “Wherever I speak I make my plea for central state bureaus of records of the family medical history of every human being,” she urged. In her mice lab, where completed sanitation prevents the necessity of curing epidemics by preventing them, “cancer occurs spontaneously.” Here 100 generation? of mice have lived “happy, contented lives,” lives of “adolescent happiness” entirely free from “infant mortality and children’s diseases.”
Distribute First Issue Of Purdue Engineer New Column Featured
Distribution of the October issue of the Purdue Engineer, number 1 of the new school year, started yesterday afternoon.
A new feature of the magazine is the “Purdue Personalities” column, which is a presentation of biographical sketches of men prominent in the engineering educational field on the campus. Professor C. W. Beese, new head of the general engineering school, heads this month’s parade of personalities.
Jim Shoemaker Chosen Most Eligible Bachelor
By Don Paarlberg
Jim Shoemaker—^Purdue’s Most Eligible Bachelor. Dick Craig—God’s Gift to Women. Tom Graham—Lochinvar. Set up as the Women’s Choice, this trio of ladies’ men to^jied a hand-picked field of 300 or more of Purdue’s choicest lady killers at last night’s Gold Diggers' Dance, annual co-ed bid
affair.
“I regret that I have but one life
“Wings Over the Orient,” by E. A. Warren, ME ’32, analyzes the preseiit critical situation in China. Warren had experience in China himself with the planes about which he writes. A cutaway diagram showing the internal construction of the Atlantic Clipper is centered In the two page spread article, “Air Transports to Span Atlantic,” by D. E. Loman, ME ’40.
The magazine has for a frontspiece a beautiful photograph of the administration building at Randolph Field, Army Flying Base at Randolph, Tex. “Engineering Forum,” and “Campus Calendar of the Engineering Societies” appear as regular features. Three more articles and an editorial on the sale of engineering textbooks complete the October issue of the magazine.
Sinish, MiddletonXhosen Frosh Entries In Contest
Don Sinish, who placed third in the Beveridge and Hanley Speaking Contest Wednesday night with his talk on “One Minute, Please,” and Stanley Middleton, who won fourth with his speech “Buying a Job,” -will represent the freshman class in the interclass Hanley Speech Contest later this year. Bert Brink and Tim Lowe, who won first and second places respectively, were not registered in the Hanley Contest, which is run simultaneously with the Beveridge tourney, and will not compete further. Eligibility for the latter demands that the contestant be an engineer and speak on an economic subject.
PIA, represented by Brink, won the Ankeny Cup for being the organization winning the most participation points in the contest. PIA did not win the Beveridge Cup, as was erroneously stated in yesterday’s Exponent.
Wesley Players To Present 'Demas' Tomorrow Evening
As each-mouse is born. Dr. Slye jots him down inj her family history book and predicts—and does so successfully—^when he will die and of what. Every mouse lives under the same housing conditions, and eats the same food and breathes the same air. “You see that it is perfect socialism.”
As she told her story. Dr. Slye punctuated it with enthusiasm. “The amazing, breath-taking accuracy” of prediction of how many mice should have a certain cancer, appalled even her. She would cite the mathematical ration which genetic laws pr^sci'ibed as 7.986 to 3.114 and “I actually got 8 to 3.
“Demas,” a one act play from the life of St. Paul, will be presented by the Wesley Players as their first play of the season tomorrow evening at 6:45 in the West Lafayette Methodist Church. Eric Swanson will haye the leading role of the great Apostle, and Marlow Shendler the title role. The sole woman’s part of the play, that of Claudia, will be enacted^by Francis Overstreet, and Graden Boyd completes the cast as Julius, the soldier. An impressive picture of the firm faith of the great campaigner for Christ, the scene of the play is laid in a Roman dungeon during Paul’s last imprisonment. The production of the play will be supervised by Cecil Warner, as stage mrikiager; Edward Smith, lighting; Harriet Yoder, costumes; and Marie Byers, make-up.
to give for the Purdue co-eds,” said Shoemaker in accepting his trophy, a tin-plated quart measuring cup. Onion, Garlic Corsages
Corsages, ranging from onions and garlic to orchids and cranberries, adorned the manly breasts as the throng swung to the music of Jimmy Cathcart’s orchestra. Taking full advantage of the turn of traditional tables, enterprising eds unloaded roller skates, electric shavers and market baskets upon their ladies, and stubbornly insisted upon transportation to and from the dance, as well as a round of refreshments whenever the spirit moved them. One ed “stood up” his beautiful blond date for better than a half an hour, to reverse that familiar feminine touch. Four entrprising co-eds hired a horse from the ridiqg stables, a harness from the Sunshine Dairy, and a buggy from a farmer two miles out in the couhtry, and drove their dates to the dance in the approved style of the famous “Gold Rush of ’49.” The horse, a swaybacked, flea-bitten individual balked on the brow of the hill coming up from the levee, and had to be urged into action by the perspring eds. A police escort followed this vehicle to the Union door. Other girls, less original, rented cars and bought gas. A few of the stronger willed persuaded their dates to walk.
Engineering Council Accredifs Curricula
University curricula in chemical civil, electrical, and mechanical engineering are now accredited by the Engineers’ Council for Professional Development. President Elliott read a commimication from the secretary of the organization to this effect at the recent meeting of the Board of Trustees.
The council on behalf of the engineering profession inspects the programs of study of engineering colleges, and places on its accredited list those curricula which are found to include a sound engineering educational program.
The University was inspected by the council on February 12 and 13. This inspection included an appraisal of the University facilities, staff, and equipment, as well as the actual programs of study.
Women's Quartette To Present Concert At Union
Mrs. Edgar Taylor, formerly a member of the famous Rheinberger Quartette, will direct the Nightingale Women’s Quartette in a concert to be held in the music room of the Memorial Union Building tomorrow at 4 p. m.
Dr. R. M. Davis Will Open Religious Convo Series Tomorrow At 10:30 In Fowler Hall
Dr. Ralph Marshall Davis of Oakland, Cal., who will speak in Eliza Fowler Hall tomorrow morning at 10:30 o’clock on “Religion—A Defense Mechanism,” has addressed previous Purdue audiences on many interesting subjects, according to Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman of 'the religious convocation committee, which is now starting its fourth year of service. Among the addresses delivered ——
Co-ed Beginners' Dancing Class Starts Monday Night
by Dr. Davis, recalls Dr. Hadley, were “Five Keys for the Boilermakers,” “Seven Keys to Success,” “Man Who Forgot His Name,” “Invulnerable,” “ The Uncertain Young Man,” and “Being Kind to the Fortunate.” Holds Four Degrees Dr. Davis has attended and holds degrees from the following universities and colleges: Missouri Valley College, San Francisco Theological Seminary, [harvard, and Boston University. Since he was ordained in the minist^ry of the Presbyterian church in 1911, he hp,s been pastor successively at the following places: Westminister Church, San Francisco, Cal.; First Church, Colton,*** Cal.; Fourth Church, Bqston, Mass.; First Church, St. Louis, Mo.; Hyde Parke Church, Chicago; Church of the Covenant, Erie, Pa.; and First Presbyterian Church, Oakland, Cal. Choir To Sing \ A. P. Stewart will lead his 166voice University Choir in two selections “Emittee Spiritum Tuum” by Schuetky and “To Thee, O Lord, Do I Lift My Soul,” by Kalinnikoff. George Osborn, junior pharmacist, will play the organ.
Co-eds desiring to improve their dancing may do so by attending the beginners’ dancing classes starting Monday Rt 7:30 o’clock in the Women’s Gym. These classes are open to all co-eds and are sponsored by the physical education department.
Exponent Staff Meeting
All members of the editorial and co-ed staffs must meet in the Union office today at 1:30 for a short session. Attendance is compulsory, —Brock.
Prof. Davis, Oderkirk To Attend Conference
Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the department of entomology and G.C. Oderkirk of the U. S. Biological Survey will leave tomorrow for Memphis, Tenn., to attend the annual meeting of the Pest Control Speakers Conference which will be held there Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. Professor Davis will be in charge of the clinics which will demonstrate the various pest control needs and Oderkirk will be on the program for the groups studying rat control methods. The Pest Control group held a short course and conference at Purdue last year.
O'Shra Eleded Chairman Of Sodal Work Division
Dr. Harriet E. O’Shea of the University has recently been elected to the chairmanship of division 1, of the Indiana State Conference oai Social Work.
As chairman of this division, that is mainly concerned with children. Dr. O’Shea automatically becomes a member of the boai'd of directors. With the aid of an executive committee of 12, Dr. O’Shea is at present planning programs for the next annual meeting of the Indiana State Conference qn Social Work.
L-THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday> October 23« 1937
Eating Houses Are Liable For Customer’s Illness A cockroach is worth $500 at the bottom of anyone’s soup bowl, so Inspector Sullivan, whom we accompanied on an examination of restaurants Thursday, informs us. ’■^nd canning factories take precautions to see that no rocks are canned with their pork and beans—a customer’s broken tooth costs them an average of $50. At one restaurant a lady came across a rat’s tail during the course, (and, incidentally, the end) of her dinner. Court action was brought and she got $2,500 and almost broke up the restaurant proprietor. Any public eating house is responsible’ for illnesses suffered from the partaking of its food, and injured persons may bring suit for compensation. Good money paid in good faith entitles restaurant customers to good food. Will Honor System Work In Union Music Room? Disappearance of an album of recordings from the Union music room leads to the question whether only part time supervision will prove satisfactory there. At present the browsing room librarian goes upstairs to play recordings on the electric phonograph for visitors who request it, but a consider-
able part of her time is spent downstairs. Albums are left in an open cabinet for anyone to handle. j The, honor system isn’t in general use around the University and we doubt its workability in the music room. Music lovers attach an exaggerated value to favorite compositions, and is there reason to believe they are more highminded than their fellow students ? Football Subsidization Is Tabooed As Public Topic Although it is comrhon knowledge many football players are duly compensated for their services, subsidization is still tabooed for public discussion. Next Monday’s Time magazine tells of Duquesne University’s Rev. Thomas R. Jones philosophy professor, who a fortnight ago roared to 2,000 students gathered at a bonfire pep session, “Duquesne’s football players will be out there'fighting (tomorrow) because tiley love their school. The Pitt team (University of Pittsburgh) will be out there fighting too, but only for their weekly pay checks.” Pitt followers resent the emotional outburst ; players there do get their books and tuition free and $48.50 a month for board, ’ room and clothes, but Duquesne’s subsidized gridiron performers receive free tuition, free books, rooms, and clothing besides $15 each month spending money. Duquesne’s president accepted Father Jones’ resignation.
Shall Boilermakers Become Pipe Fiends? Dear Editor: In your issue of October 19, 1937 appears the following ad, quoted in part: “WANTED — Student to sell smoking pipes. Inlaid with silver letters of school and fraternity. Large commissions.” On the front page of the October 20 issue is a story of the Student Senate’s discussion of a reincarnation of the junior tradition of a “special pipe with a big ‘P’ on the front of the bowl.” In the same issue is a statement that the Trustees are today going to discuss the question of campus smoking! Is not the Student Senate making some rash assumptions ? Assuming, I hope correctly, there is no connection between the above ad and the Senate’s action, is there yet any excuse logically, physiologically, or psychologically for Purdue students becoming a bunch of “nonchalant,” “nerve-steadied,” “lifted,” and “non-coughing” Boilermakers ? C. B. Stafford, EE ’39.
Why Revive Junior Pipe Tradition? Dear Editor: Your column devoted to “Letters to the Editor” presents a good op portunity for one to let off steam and at the same time find out the opinion of other students on our various campus problems. I want to express my appreciation to you for this column, and suggest that stu dents be encouraged to express therqselves more through it. My particular gripe at the moment is the revival of the so-called junior pipe tradition. I am a junior. I do not smoke or intend starting. I do not intend sticking a pipe between my teeth so that others may know that I am a junior. I^ do not think that others will do so. If we are to give the juniors a mark of distinction, why not make it something useful: A gold and black cap or jacket or shirt ? The seniors have cords. You very ably expressed my opinion in yesterday’s Exponent. "Why revive and maintain a silly, almost forgotten tradition ? David Crabtree, EE ’39.
Mike’s Musings From WBAA Studios
There’s a lot of talk going about the studio and a lot of behind-the-back rumoring in the air about the luncheon dance feature. “Pee-Wee” Parlon did a fine job of LuncheonDancing this summer and all last year. Then a certain boy friend left the realms of WBAA to seek remuneration in q broader field and “Pee-Wee” sorta stepped out of the picture and activities around the studio. Bill Carr has been announcing McClean’s records since school started and doing an 0. K. job with it, too. But now, who do you think has it? No less than the inimitable Jennie Bosco! Jennie is an 'all right gal and a good hostess for Luncheon Dance; but what gets us is why all the change in personnel and why did “Pee-Wee” drop out of the running so resignedly? Maybe Mike is all wrong, but there surely is a reason behind it all. 2 13 2 And speaking of “Pee-Wee”— what’s this going about the studios I 1
(and also the campus) about certain people liking her choice of sweaters? Why DO you wear sweaters anyway ? 2 13 2 Our programs director is playing the lead in the Little Theater’s children’s play this week over in the Jeff gym. Mike is wondering if it is his sex appeal or whether it has something to do with his childish personality ? ? .2132 And, as a parting shot, Mike recommends for something new and different in the way of popular songs and melodies that you listen to Charlie Powell and his Tune Tips piogi’am. Rosemary Robinson does the ivory tickling for him and she alpne is worth your time—-but Charlie IS the glimmer that gets in my eye w^en it comes to popular tune hits. The 15-minute show is on at 12 noon each Saturday, 2 13 2 And with that, the “Voice of Purdue” coughs and sneezes into the mike and strikes the gongs.
By Mary Cooley Ohio State has decided to end the “hemms and haws” speechmaking. Officials are convinced that an Ohio graduate should be able to preside properly at meetings without the embarassed hesitation so often apparent. So last spring Dean of Women Esther A. Gaw and her associates conducted Saturday morning conferences oh parliamentary procedure, open to both men and women students. The average college freshman is a good deal younger than his parents were when they entered college, statistics show. Harvard and Vassar, Leland Stanford and Bryn Mawi’, show a rise in number of very young students, many under 16 years of age. The increase doesn’t mean that American childrejn have suddenly become more enthusiastic about learning or brainier, but that children with high I. Q.s are simply being given a chance to push ahead at their own pace. According to Lewis Terman, wellknown psychologist, about one percent of children have a real genius for learning. They can easily progress faster than average children for whom grades are planned, and should be allowed to do so. 4^ jf* When a fraternity wants to build a new chapter house, the members ponder and cogitate on details of raising money. In this predicament one of the boys at a Miami University brotherhood wrote to a big city “financial fox” to get advice on how to raise funds. The next day a wire came back: “Received your letter concerning house stop advise you have fire immediately stop best wishes.” Annoyed, the Miamite wired back. “Thanks stop will heed advice stop have you got a match ?” .1 + 1! l! The rubber notebook for the best course of the week goes to Trinity for the Dean’s new course on the “Theory and Practice of Profanity.” We’re wondering of what the lab sessions in the course will consist. j: ^ Sports writers have been “respectfully requested” to quit calling the Notre Dame University teams the “Ramblers.” The athletic department contends that when Notre Dame pioneered in intersectional games it was all
Gold Digging at its best( or its worst) was certainly in full swing in the ballroom last night. Flash, Flash, Flash, Mr. and Mrs. Purdue Students, and all fish on the campus, let’s go to press: Purdue Eds are no longer thought of as weaklings . . . proved by the conspicuous absence of “Lilly” corsages last night. The “Lillies” were plenteous in former years. Speaking of corsages (and fish): Ruth Owen (the fish) sent an orchid (the real McCoy) to Art Peterson . . . but she got compensation . . . she made him wear on his back a tin cup with the sign “Please contribute for cokes.” The Sigs had a welcoming committee of freshmen dressed in football togs and ringing bells. Foresman was there with bells on but Korty wasn’t. The Pi Phis put their dates on the “Pajn” by giving out “engraved” pie pans as souvenirs. The old boys were there too . . . both ex-Union men . . . Shoemaker and Scholer and what corsages, Scholer had asparagus and radishes while Shoemaker had globs of roses draped with ferns in the rear. Speaking of bandeaus . . . they were there in full force . . . Lemen, track superman, and McClintock, the studious one, were prize winners in the class. \ There were cigarettes, candies, peanuts, flashlights, fruits, and vegetables mixed into assorted corsages In conclusion it may be safely said that all the co-eds were satisfied at least . . . the eds were satiated if not satisfied. Thank God it comes but once a year .... who was the ungrateful ed who said that?
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
ibliMO BY
Associated jgoUe^iate
REPRESENTED FOR N v J i / NationalAdvertisingServiceJsie. CoUesie Publishers Represenlaitvo 420 Madison Ave New York, N Y CHICAGO - RctoN 101 ANCrirs . G,N FUAHCIKCO
Editorial Phone 6037 Campus Subscriptions $8 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3 60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF R. P. Manion BUSINESS MANAGER D. C. Miller
ISSUE EDITOR
Tafel October 23, 1937 NIGHT EDITOR Bailey
“When the frost is on the pumpkin” the grandest kind of a picnic is a weiner roast and toasted marshmallows around an open fire. Or, on a very chilly evening an indoor fireplace with popcorn and roasted apples is fun, too. An ideal place for these fall picnics is the WAA cabin. Did you know that the WAA cabin is available, at a small fee, for campus groups ? It is situated in the woods behind Comptroller Stewart’s house, about two miles from the campus. All of the cabin facilities are available. A short walk through the woods, by road or shortcut path will lead you to the cabin. Whether you decide to have your fire inside the cabin or outdoors, weiners taste* betters mixed with smoke and ashes, marshmallows toast to a better brown. What fun to relax, seated around the embers, swapping stories and singing. Suppose you do have to keep shifting to avoid the smoke? Just remember that smoke follows beauty, and it will seem like fun. All the little annoying things that have been bothering all day are forgotten in the cleai cool air and the cheerful comradeship. Yes, there’s something about an open fire that can’t be resisted and that makes fall a grand-season of the'.year. J. J.
right, but it’s a misnomer now, for many other teams travel much farther than do the “Fighting Irish” as they like being called. I- H: 1= .1 Some students have to take “cuts” for going fishing, but members of Prof. G. A. Moore’s Oklahoma A. and M. classes get credit for it. Frequent trips to lake and stream for various kinds of fish are requirements in the good doctor’s zoology courses. Wonder if Professor Moore finds students maneuvering to “flunk,” and how many times can tthey take it over again?
*'*is
grIn and bear it
By Lichty
“I can’t allow myself to get excited over a touchdown. I’m trying for the radio diction prize.”
What, Where, When?
By Sally McKee Installment two—what should the third person—the stranger—do as two friends, one of whom he is with, stop briefly for a conversation ? He should walk slowly on and stop at the next convenient corner or window. This is of course only if the
Last Times Today
unfold spy off the wor!
STARTING TOMORROW IRENE DUNNE RANDOLPH SCOTT IN “HIGH, WIDE AND HANDSOME”
klAld
TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Warren Hull Movita in PARADISE ISLE
TALENT SCOUT Donald Woods Jeanne Madden
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30 ^
ACTION IN THE AlRUNESl
Plus Latest News Events
third person does not know the person who is interrupting. * When the friend ^resumes the company of person number three, it is quite proper to apologize for the interruption and explain who the stranger was.
LAST TIMES TODAY
2 First-Run Hits!
JUNE TRAVIS JOHNNY DAVIS —in— ^ “Over the Goal” —and— BOB LIVINGSTON —in— “GUN SMOKE RANCH’
Sunday and Monday SHIRLEY TEMPLE VICTOR McLAGLEN in “WEE WILLIE WINKIE”
ARC
Last Times Today Pii»g.l$Sa§/ n,, tOIBQII SIRR starring V \ CHARLES STaM;ETT with M IRIS MEREDITH —and— JAMES DUNN in in “Mysterious Crossing” Plus “Robinson Crusoe” Serial SUNDAY — MONDAY “More Than a Secretary”
‘Jungle Princess”
LUHA Last Times Today WE’RE PUTTING ON THE RITZES^ and they’re putting on a riot I
STARTS TOMORROW DEANNA DURBIN ADOLPHE MENJOU ii(r “100 MEN AND A GJRL”Saturday, October 23, ^937
THE FUBOUE EXtPONENT
Art Bodeau To Lead Cross-Country Squad Against Indiana Team At Bloomington
Coach Harmon Phillips’ crosscountry squad journeys down to Bloomington today to face a tough Indiana oufit, led by four of the five men^ who completed the first clean-sweep in hjstory in the AAU cross-country meet last year.
Deckard, Smith Fast Art Bodeau will try to duplicate his feats of the two Boilermaker meets so far this season by leading the field across the finish, but will find plenty of competition in both Deckard and Smith, the Hoosiers’ top men.
Purdue’s other main threats lie with Long and Kn^pp, although all of the Boilermaker men will be ou,t to raise the winning percentage for the team above the present .500 mark. Drive Down Those men who will leave this morning to make the short trip are Mazur, ^ell, Marozick, Fatout, Denzler, and Gaulke as well as Long Knapp and Bodeau.
State'Teachers' College Unable To Fill Vacancies
This fall the placement bureau at the Indiana State Teachers’ College has been unable to fill the demand for teachers. The courses demanding teachers were: vocational home economics, commerce, industrial arts, women’s physical education, Latin, and elementary teaching. Registrar Harry E. Elder of the Teachers’ College, pointed out that the shortage of teachers is nation wide; however enrollments this year indicate that this slack may soon be overcome.
Many prominent educators believe that improving salaries will also tend to increase the number of teachers to fill the demand.
Shafer, Witherell.Weisman lead In Billiards Tourney
Four billiard tournaments are in full swing in the Union billiard room. All entries must play on or before October 25, according to a statemeint made by F. E. “Pop” Whitney, of the billiard room. P. H. Weisman leads the three cushion tournament. J. L. Shafer stands out in front in the straight rail tourney, and R. N. Witherell leads the rotation pocket billiards entries, each having two victories and no defeats.
Prof. W. Knapp Concludes Fire School Program Plans
Professor W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering, announced recently completed plans for fourth annual Indiana fire school, to be held at Purdue October 27-28. Registration for the school will open Wednesday morning, October 27 in the Electrical Engineering Building.
Donald Stiver, director of the department of public safety of Indiana, will give the first address to the assembled firemen. Among^ other speakers will be Bernard L3nich, director of fire prevention for Indianapolis, H. C. Williams, assistant chief of the Cincinnati fire department, and Clarence Goldsmith, assistant chief engineer of the National Board of Fire Underwriters.
The fire school is under the direction of the engineering extension department of the University, with the state fire marshal’s department, Indiana Fire Chiefs’ Association, and other firemen’s associations cooperating.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
HOW TO TIE A TIE
1 • The Arrow people, makers of famed Arrow shirts ... now make neckties for us! And here tells you how to tie them so that they look their handsome best. First, put the wide end over and under narrow end... thus ...
2* Then form a preliminary knot, by bringing wide end over narrow end and up through opening at collar. At this stage of the game, you should stop and smooth out the preliminary knot.
3» Next, put the wide end through the loop — loosely — and smooth out again. Keeping the knot smooth is important. It helps you tie it correctly (and a tie which gets off to a bad start—even a tie with Arrow’s patented resilient feature —may twist later). •
4. Now make a groove lengthwise in the wide end by pinching the sides together. This groove—when you pull the tie tight— forms a small drape or dimple beneath knot. Our Arrow Ties, because of their rich fabrics, achieve this drape easily.
5« The finished job looks like this. Knot not too big—and not so tight it screeches. Dimple beneath knot. No gap above knot. No bulge in collar. Tie one of our Arrow Ties in this manner and you have the last word m necktie smartness.
*1 and ^1.5^0. That’s all the Arrow Ties above cost. And they’re a downright bargain. Fine fabrics. Beautiful tailoring. And they hold their shape, tie neatly, wear long.
DEWENTER’S
416 Main Street
Lafayette, Indiana
Good Turnout.For First Boxing Mooting Of Yoar
Twenty some men reported for the initial boxing meeting of the year in the Memorial Gymnasium last night to receive preliminary instructions from Coach “Punchy” Maxwell. Various members of last year’s Golden Gloves team were introduced to the neophytes in the short meeting.
Only verbal instructions were given, the purpose of the meeting being to determine the nufnber of candidates from which this year’s team will be chosen. It was stated that everyone will be given an equal opportunity to win a position on the team, and that the best boxers will be the ones to enter the png for the University.
Maxwell also remarked that if eight good men develop during the first semester, it is probable that out of town matches will be scheduled with other teams. The first real practice will be held next Monday, when a light conditioning drill consisting of wind sprints, shadow boxing, rope skipping, and bag work will be in order.
Date Set For Intramural
Cross-Country Track Meet
The all-campus cross-country walking race, one of the intramural department’s annual events, is set for November 10, when some 15 to 25 boys will try to out-walk one ajiother durihg two and one-half miles, three times around the intramural field. Medals will be given the first three to finish, a gold medal going to the winner, silver for second, and bronze for third.
Purdue Riding Club Elects Officers; Discusses Plans At Organization Meeting
Purdue Riding Club, sponsored by the Memorial Union, held its organization meeting Thursday evening, in the Union office.
Officers elected for the year are: J. A. Summers, president; Dave Meacham, vice-president; Betty Brelsf ord, secretary and Dave Hartman, treasurer. W. 0. Workman was elected reporter and will be responsible for Exponent notices before every meeting.
The club has planned many interesting activities for the year with the cooperation of Schultze, of the University Riding Academy. There will be opportunity for club members to learn not only the fine points of riding, but also the care and the training of horses.
Members will ride in groups of about four, during hours especially set aside for the club. Suggestions for winter activities include- rides with steak roasts, sleigh riding behind horses, and ski-joring.
Grooiii Sophomore Combinations For Boilermaker Linpup
I Squash Team Rounding Info Eyes Of Big Ten Tlim
Shape In Preparation For
Enjoying a brief breathing spell today, the halfway mark in their very strenuous schedule, the Boilermaker eleven will need all of the stamina and skill at its command when it meets a rejuvenated Iowa team here next week. The Hawkeyes, granted only the slimmest of chances against Washington, the Pacific Coast champions, in the season’s opener, put up a brililant battle, and then followed by nearly ruining Wisconsin’s perfect record.
impressed by the fourth quarter drive against Northwestern of an eleven that was composed entirely of sophomores excepting Joe Mihal, the Boilermaker coaches have been grooming a number of the newcomers for possible starting posts as well as “shock troops.”
Three sophomores are already listed as regular starters on the Boilermaker combination, including Lou Brock, hard driving, speedy right halfback whose ground gaining jaunts have been among the high spots of Purdue attack; Frank Bykowski, left guard whose defensive work has been outstanding, and Gene Britt, who has been handling the left end duties in a highly capable manner while Don Powell is held to the sidelines with injuries.
Among the other sophomores who have gradually been working up into the limelight and are expected to see increasing action for the remainder of the season are such linemen as Jack Krause and Swede Thursby, ends; LaVerne “Whitey” Johnson, tackle; Henry Bremer and Carl Verplank, guards, and August Morningstar, center.
In the backfield. Jack Brown and Jim Nesbitt, halfbacks; Frank Winchell and Leon DeWitte, fullbacks, and Ted Hennis and Alan Shackleton quarterbacks, are rapidly winning their spurs as seasoned performers.
WAA, WPE Will Sponsor Dad's Day Hotkey Game
WAA and department of women’s physical education will sponsor a field day on the moj/ning of October 30 at the women’s athletic field in connection with the Dads’ Day program.
A demonstration of fall activities will be carried out by the girls. Events planned include inter-section speed ball, archery, an^ tennis tournaments. A field hockey game between the co-ed all-stars and the Lafayette hockey club, made up of alumnae and faculty players, will headline the program.
WAA officers and members of the women’s physical education staff in vite all dads to include this demonstration on their schedule of en tertainment.
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
LOOK YOUR BEST
You cannot look your best in a suit that has not been properly cleaned and^^ pressed. Have your clothes done properly by experienced, reliable cleaners. Send them regularly to the AMERICAN and be assured of the best of work and service.
For your convenience we have two offices:
132 Vine St., W. Lafayette Phone 7278
641 Main St., Lafayette Phone 3085
AMERICAN UUNDRY
Long Winter Schedule
Led by Captain John Lucek of
Cleveland, O., and M. T. Wakefield, of Shelbyville, Ky., the varsity squash team is rounding into shape through its daily workouts in the city courts at Eighth and Main streets in Lafayette. Lucek and Wakefield, veterans of two Gold and Black squash campaigns, are the most experienced raqueteers on Coach Clevett’s squad. Along with these two are five other members of last year’s squad: A. W. Sokolowski, K. N. Lynn, R. D. Juve, T. O. Jackson, and H. E. Eberhardt. Added to this promising group are G. E. Alexander, D. Blitz, H. A. Fuente, and R. F. Munro, all members of last year’s yearling team. This year’s schedule will include moat of the teams which were on last season’s card. The date for the first match has not been definitely set, but will probably be about the last week in November. Included in the tentative list are meets with Dayton YMCA, Dayton Air Corps, Pendennis Club of Louisville, Ky., Fort Knox Officers’ Club, Indianapolis A. C., and Big Ten matches with Michigan, Ohio State, Illinois and Iowa. There are no new courts in the fieldhouse as yet, but when additional courts are available, a call for freshmen tryouts will be issued.
Prof. R. B.Crepps Attends Luncheon At Columbus, 0.
Selected as a member of the Fact Finding Committee, Professor R. B. Crepps, of Purdue’s school of civil engineering, attended a luncheon meeting held in the Governor’s Mansion at Columbus, O., yesterday noon. At this time, the committee was organized for the purpose of studying and reporting on certain phases of work done by the Ohio State Highway Department. Another member of the Purdue teaching staff. Professor Ben H. Petty, also chosen for the committee, was unable to attend this initial meeting but is expected to be present at the sessions on Monday and Tuesday.
To Wildcat-Buckeye Clash At Colufiibus,0.
Today’s college football schedule finds some of the top gridiron attractions of the season showing up, with all sections of the country well supplied with big games. In the Big Ten, most of the eyes will be on the Northwestem-Ohio State encounter, at Columbus, O. Everyone watches a championship team wondering if it will topple, and many expect the Buckeyes to be the team to halt the rampaging Purple squad. For Chicago, Illinois, and Minnesota, as well as the Boilermakers, today provides a rest and a chance to prepare for the hard games of next Saturday. However, Wisconsin will find no rest tomorrow when it meets the ever powerful Pitt Panthers on their home grounds; nor wil Miclhigan find it easy tackling Iowa at Iowa City. In the other con- ' test involving Big Ten teams, the fast-traveling Hoosiers will attempt to continue their winning ways against Cincinnati, at Cincinnati. Probably the top game in the country today is the Southern California vs. California contest on the coast, and one which will have a good opportunity of providing an upset. California is rated as one of the top teams of the country by many experts, but the Trojans have shown some fine power at times and are out to put themselves back at the top of the heap as they were in the years gone by. Rams Play Texas Christian In the East some of the top grid games include the Fordham-Texas Christian encounter at New York, Cornell’s attempt at a comeback against Yale at New Haven, and Harvard’s game with Dartmouth, one of its old rivals. The still powerful Louisiana State team will provide a big attraction when it journeys to Vanderbilt for what should be a fine game for the southern football fans to watch. Finally, back in the Mid-West we find the annual Notre Dame-Navy clash at South Bend, -with the Irish hoping to get even for last year’s 3-0 defeat.
Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for
College Education H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK ' DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
lldVz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Photography
Scobee’s REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafayette
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Jewelry
R, J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
— Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE
PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
— Florist —
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flower* Main at 7 th Phone 60S0
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY * • Most exclusive assortment of eot-
sagres available to Purdue Students. 527 Main Phone 5432
— Locksmith —-
“C” carte;r
for
Keys -— Locks — General Repairing; Bicycle Rentals and Repairingr Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Dine
diudifk.
DINE " DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
Confectionery
Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Creom
and Candy
Glotz's Conlectioxiery
Main and Sixth Sts,
4
’v 0p,
% |’4“v (4^ i -
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday# October 23# 1937
Muller Is /tuthor Of New Literary Criticism Book Herbert J. Muller, PhD, assistant professor of English, is the author of “Modern Fiction: A Study of Values” which has just been published by the Funk & Wagnalls Company. Muller’s field is the novel of the last 60 years, combining literary history and criticism. He is “concerned Avith the relation of modern fiction to the fundamental problem that underlie'^ all the immediate issues of this age .... It is in short the search for salvation.” The new book sells for $2.80, and may be ordered through either Deac’s or Southworth’s. Questionnaires Issued To All Campus Activity Heads Heads of all campus activities have received within the last two weeks activity questionnaires concerning the personnel and organization of their groups. Union vice-president Leon Jacobson has been in charge of mailing and collecting these questionnaires, but many organizations have so far failed to fill out the blanks. Jacobson announced last night that University personnel director, J. E. Walters, must have information contained on the questionnaires before the issuance of yellow slips, in order that he may give it to the freshman counselors. All blanks must be turned in within the next few days in order to be of any use to the Union committee or Walters, Jacobson stated. Knight' Aft'ends Two-Day Missouri Teachers' Meet Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the University division of education and applied psychology, left Wednesday evening to attend a two-day state teachers’ association meeting in Missouri. He is scheduled to make two addresses each day, and will return to the campus Sunday.
Style Squibs
By Betty Wickard With the Military Ball, marking the beginning of the formal season, little more than two weeks off, the co-ed fancies turn to—^formal gowns of course. This season is to be one of sparkle and glitter, if one may judge from the window displays in the shops and the photographs in fashion magazines. Gold lame, sequins, and gold beads guaranteed to turn old king Midas himself green with envy, dazzle our eyes, while silver metallic cloth and rhinestones are shown to please their devotees. As for silhouettes, the figure-fol-lowing line reigns supreme. The “sculptured” silhouette, using draping, is a new adaptation of this idea. A metallic taffeta gown striped in gold and blue, with a bouffant skirt is designed to catch the eye of those who prefer this silhouette. Another formal made of silver lame, and emphasizing fitted lines, should make the most sophisticated squire catch his breath in admiration. The purchase of a sequin jacket is an inexpensive way to give one’s wardrobe the glitter which is the mode of the moment. Tiny gold and silver bells twinkle on necklaces, bracelets, clips, and pins, calling attention to the wearer’s approach. Dull moments in class are fast becoming things of the past since co-eds have adopted scarfs with such interesting motifs as the names of popular orchestras, the addresses of New York’s hot-spots, the pennants of Eastern schools, and other interesting reading matter. Perhaps someone will invent a scarf adorned with French verbs. A designer has created bags that are shaped like life-buoys. Must be surrealistic! Colorful suede jerkins, a la Robin Hood, vary the eternal sweater and skirt theme. We are all going Scotch this year, with authentic plaids which would make any clansman’s heart congeal with envy.
All-Campus Golf (Must be played by Sunday) Richardson", F. C. vs. Goldstein, H. Hoffer, B vs. Gunn, R.
Snou)^ Frosting Burns Up Co~eds By Don Terrio The weather man turned on the wintry blasts with a bit of free snow frosting in earnest last night; just in time to have the co-eds experience the trouble of wandering home after a date in the cold hours of a wintry morn. The temperature at the time most of the girls went calling was 34, falling later. Cries of glee heard at dinnertime in WRH were not the happy chortling of an infant visitor as he sucked his toe, but were the vocal expostulations of a Georgia co-ed as she felt the cooling touch of snow for the first time. Airport men should know, and they say that the weather will remain cloudy through today, but that tomorrow will be fair and warmer. Senate Chairmen Convene In Union Office Yesterday Chairmen of two newly organized Student Senate committees, one on publicity and the other for senate organization, met with other senate committee chairmen yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the senate office. Senate president Dan Rohyans created the two new committees at the senate meeting last Tuesday. The organization committee will ad ministrate the new senate merit system designed to rate efforts and accomplishments of senators, while the publicity committee will handle all notices and Exponent articles. Robert Schumacher heads the new organization committee composed of Mary Townsend and G. E. Sears. The publicity committee consists of J. E. Kessel, chairman, H. J. Rayle, and Fay Pendergrass. Phelps Leads Coed Bowling Classes With Score Of 173 Vivian Phelps, with a bowling score of 173, holds highest single game honor of the three women’s bowling classes for the first five weeks of the season. Mary Klepper claims second place with a score of 148, and Charlotte Lochner, third, holds 133. Last week’s scores for the Tuesday and Thursday nine o’clock classes are as follows: Mary Klepper, 134, Ruth Hall, 131, and Mary Cooley, 126. During the Tuesday and Thursday eleven o’clock classes, Virginia Coon bowled 156, Arlene Rothenberger, 131, and Frances Ginder, 126. Scores for the Wednesday and Friday nine o’clock classes are: Mary J. Laramore, 132, Frances Bradshaw, 119, and Helen Steffee, 109.
All America Ratings--(Continued from page 1)
superiority. But Krueger at tackle, was Marquette’s enemy No 1, held as they were to a single first down and that in the last 60 seconds. Climaxing a great performance Krueger blocked a kick and recovered it for a touchdown, SCHMITZ. Wisconsin. Halfback. Prominent coach on scouting assignment, wires profuse compliments on behalf of this parttime player: “Schmitz gave Wisconsin the drive, the passing, the ball-carrying and above all the will to win—in the critical fourth quarter with the score a dead-lock and both teams well exhausted.” Schmitz lates All America, because he produced results when needed most (Copyright 1987) Cosmopolitan Club Pledges 14 New Members Last Nighf Cosmopolitan Club pledged 14 new members at a meeting held last night in room A of the Memorial Union Building. Professor L. M. Sears, of the history department discussed “The Spirit of Cosmopolitanism” with the group. The pledges ai’e: L. F. Wong, China; D. R. Bentley, Canada; C. N. Overcash, U.S.A.; J. F. Hepburn, Canada; J. C. Van Camp, U.S.A.; F. J. Harmon, U.S.A.; R. C. Schrom, U.S.A.; Glenn Bass, U.S.A.; Ross Livesay, U. S. A.; J. B. Dillsey, U. S.A.; Koken Higa, Hawaii; J. A. Sacasa, Nicaragua; Irene Sawyer, Columbia; and Louis DeBayle, Nicaragua.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
CATERESS—First class cook; caters to parties, week-end guests, and dinner parties. Phone 2882
WANTED — Student to share double room. Single bed. Private entrance. 437 Vine.
ROOM AND BOARD—Two students, corner of campus. 5 Waldron. Phone 2671.
LOST—Slide Rule in EE Building room 224. Russell Pratt. Phone 3301.
WASHING WANTED—Soft water, reasonable rates. Frater<nity and flat work. Phone 7255.
ROOM FOR RENT — Modern double room. Close in. 223 Sheetz street. Phone 36774.
FOR RENT—Room for one boy, new single bed, $10. 456 Vine. Phone 3340.
The Tops
in
Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
FLY The New Cub has arrived; come out and fly it. Learn to fly while in school at lower rate, by competent instructor. Take your dad to see Purdue from the air in the Stinson tri-mOtor, Remember, it is heated. Purdue University Airport Capt. L. I. Aretz, Lessee, Phone 41641
Notices N» Notices Accepted After 8 p.n.
WAA Hockey: Regular class practices everyday until October 23, when class teams will be announced. Each girl must have eight practices. —DOBSON.
Christian Foundation Students: Tickets for Halloween skating party sponsored by Purdue Christian Foundation, to be held October 30, are now on sale. Marshall Allman has charge of ticket sale. —CRISS.
Fraternity Athletic Managers: Return all cross country entry blanks to Intramural office by October 23. —CLEVETT.
Co-ed Bowling: The Women’s bowling tournament will be postponed until October 28 becafqse of Vocational Guidance Meeting. —COFFMAN.
WSGA Activities Committee: No interviews the remainder of this week. Will all the members of my committee meet me
October 26 at 4 p.
m. in the office. —JONES.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Initiation October 24 at 8:80 a. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. —ANDERSON. University Choir: Compulsory rehearsal, 8 :80 p. im , October 28, in Eliza Fowler Hall. ' —CODDINGTON.
POMM: Meeting in Armory at 4 p. m. October 26. All members and pledges must be present in dress uniform. -^SPRINGMAN.
Christian Science Organization; Regular meeting postponed until Novetaiber 2 because of Convocation conflict. I—WINTER.
Union Sophomores: Our committees report to music room at 3 :46 p. m. October 23. —WOOD, OABONARGI. WAA Riflery: No practice October 26. —CHRISTENSON.
WAA Hockey: Schedule for games next week. October 26, juniors vs. seniors. October 26, freshmen vs. juniors. October 27, freshmen vs. sophomores. October 28, sophomores vs. seniors. In case of rain, game will be played the following day. —DOBSON.
Co-e^ Debate Managers: Meeting in the
Debate office Saturday at 1 o’clock. Be -HINER.
Wesley Foundation: All freshmen vvho wish to be active in the Wesley Foundation are invited to the freshman commission breakfast on October 24 at 8 a. m. hree. —McFADDEN.
Methodist Men: All resident non-students of the Sunday school class are invited to a free bean supper October 23 at 5 :30 p. m. in the West Lafayette Methodist church. Reservations are not necessary. —McFADDEN.
WAA Hockey Squads: Freshmen: B. Beaudry, L. Gabler, E. Heeter, Y. Holden, V. Horne, D. Moorehouse, M. McKnight, M. A. Rumann, E. Schfers, B. Smith, J. Stickler, L. Thomas. Sophomores: V. Beck, S. Bouton, M. Buck, J. Cook, B. Cook, M. Clymer, W. Graybill, M. Holtman, M. Mathers, J. Morris, K. Mounce, W. Ray, K. Shearer, B. Spears, B Roderick, M. Schroeder, G. Walker, I. Weishaar, W. Clapp. Juniors: J. Bailey, V. Blank, J. Campbell, M. Davidson, B. Dobson, L. Harry, E. Maier, K. Merritt, J. Major, J. Schaefer, P. Swick, R. Wileey, R. Vandiver, M. Townsend. Seniors: M. Brewer, L. Banta, H. Beko, J. Bosco, M. Campbell, M. E. Deleplane, M. Jenkins, M. McKinsey, E. Tubbs, J. Wakelorn, L. Dobson, A. Burget. —DOBSON.
Recipe for Popularity If you want- fo be the bright and shining star in some special girl's favor, see that your personal appearance is beyond reproach. To safeguard
Have Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly
AUUDQY
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
NEW diffeeent;i
9£l SJbmunlinsuL
- - in Price - - - in Make-Up
The EXPONENT is streamlined to the nth degree. As well as for the eye, it is streamlined for the pocketbook—thdt is, it is cutting down the resistance offered by the initial price. It can be obtained for the rest of the school year at the low cost of $2.75 delivered to your door. Deac's, Southworth's, the Union Desk, or the EXPONENT office will take your subscription.
i ( '#*■ jtllt
A?-