.7
Riviterjto flsy Notre Dame Here At 7:30 Monday Night
Volume 56, No. 96
^tablished 1889
Happy New Year
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
OLD YEAR REVIEW, , Appears On Page 2, Tel Is Of Past Happening^ Saturday, January 1,1944
95 Seniors To Graduate Tomorrow Afternoon
Long’s Band To Play For First 1944 Dance
Yonight Johnny Long and his orchestra will play for the New Year’s l)ay informal dance from 9 to 12 in both ballrooms, according to Betty Cantley, co-chairman of the Union publicity committee. Passports and Social recreation cards will admii^ students and service men, while those not having cards will be charged $2.20 per couple with no advahce sale. Backdrop for the dance will be maroon with Long’s name written in spangled letters. Meade To Play For Steg Dance A stag dance will be held in room 363 and room 355 of the Union. Lowell Meade and 'his orchestra will provide the music and admission will be by social recreation cards or passports. All facilities in the Union building will be closed to accommodate the dancers, with the exception of the east desk and the bowling alleys. Attended Duke University Featured vocalists of Long’s orchestra are Gene Williams and Patti Dugan. When Long was a freshman at Duke University in 1941, he organized the band to finance its members’ schooling. With an engagement at the Hotel New Yorker, he started in the big time. Then in 1941 he played for the President’s Birthday Ball. “White Star of Sigma Nu” became his theme song after he was forced by ASCAP-BMI to give up his old ti'ademark. License Examiners Plan Uniform Tests In an eifort to give a more thorough and complete driver’s license examination 28 state motor vehicle examiners have met to lay plans for a coordinated program, according to Prof. J. L. Lingo, director of Public Safety Institute. The major purpose of the meeting, which opened Monday and ended Thursday, was to attain uniform and concise examination of all applicants for licenses, bpth in the driving and legal parts of the various tests. To accomplish this it was decided that the examiners should be trained on like points and should be taught to administer the tests in a similar manner. Among the speakers and instructors who were present at the meetings were Rue J. Alexander, Secretary of State, and Glenn Carmichael of the National Safety Council. The conference is sponsored jointly each year by the University Public Safety Institute, the Indiana State Motor Vehicle Board and the National Safety Council. Power Plant Coal Pile Burns Continuously Those who may have been alarmed to see fire hoses being turned on the smoking pile of coal near the University Physical Plant may be relieved to learn that nothing out of the ordinary was occurring. The coal burns all the time, the fire being caused by spontaneous combustion. As often as possible, according to Mr. Hennigar, who is in charge of tHe heating and power plant, workers turn water on the coal in the pit to stop the burning, but it always breaks out again. Because of a shortage of power plant workers, the coal fire can’t be put out as often as in normal times.
Ceres
. . . announces their new officers, who are: President, Harold Wann; vice president and secretary. Art Tuesberg, and treasurer, Elmer Hagerty, Notice “Scuttlebutt and Brine” will be given January 8 instead of January 5.
H.J.Rera To Speak At Ag Conference January 11,12,13 From Indiana’s 14 soil conservation districts will come representatives for the Annual Agricultural Conference to be held at the University January 11, 12 and 13. In connection with the conference, the eighth annual state rural youth day is scheduled on Tuesday, January 11. The theme will be “Evaluating Rural Youth Accomplishments and Planning for the Future.” Indiana youth from all parts of the state are expected to attend this one-day meeting and hear the conference theme discussed by state and national leaders. Staff Members to Speak Speakers will include Dean of Agriculture H. J. Reed of the University, Warren O’Hara of the Farm Bureau -education department and Dr. Howard T. McClusky, University of Michigan. In addition to the one-day meeting for all rural youth members, all district and state officers are urged to attend a half-day meeting which will be held here'on January 10 to construct a general program for
1944.
To Hold Fish Fry Tuesday evening the annual dinner meeting of the Agricultural Alumni Association, which will be a fish fry, is being limited to 350 persons because of war-time restrictions. Alumni planning to attend the dinner are asked by President Ed Menefee to purchase their tickets immediately from Prof. W. 0. Mills, School of Agriculture. The cost is $1. On Wednesday morning, January 12, there will be a special meeting for those farmers serving as soil conservation district supervisors. Speak^’s will include Lt. Gov. Charles M. Dawson; H. J. Reed, dean of agriculture; L. E. Hoffman, associate director of the University agricultural extension service; W. V. Lambert, associate director of the University Agricultural Experiment Station, and Kenneth Welton, state head of the soil conseiiwation service. Playshop To Hold 'Philadelphia Story' Tryouts Next Week Preliminary and final tryouts for “Philadelphia Story”, Playshop’s next production which will be presented in February, will be held next week, according to Mary Lou Sternberg, stage manager for Play-
shop.
Both preliminary and final tryouts are open to anyone who did not try out for “Pursuit of Happiness”, and those who have never participated in a preliminary tryout are especially urged to do so for this production. Preliminary tryout sheets may be obtained in the Playshop office in Fowler Hall Monday from 1 to 6 p. m. at which time appointment may be made for the auditions. Those who will be eligible for the final tryouts will be so notified by Carl Cass, director of Playshop. The system of using two separate tryouts is being used by Playshop this year because Cass has found it most successful in his work elsewhere. Lt. Donald Frier ... 1943 graduate in chemical engineering, was commissioned second lieutenant in the Marine Corps at graduation exercises at marine barracks, Quantico, Va., December 29, the navy department announced. He will receive ten weeks additional officer training at Quantico before assignment.
Flight Board ToGiyeTests In NavvV-5
President E. C Elliott To Present Diplomas
Tomorrow afternoon at 2 95 seniors will receive their dim » plomas at the mid-term commencement exercises in the Hall \g ^ Music. Doors of the Music Hall are to be open at 1 p. m. d V y V The program is open to the general public. “Pomp and Circumstance”, played by Professor P. S. Emrick
I. Wimmer and the Navy ^^d the symphonic band, will open the exercises. John Phillip
Sousa’s “Stars ^nd Stripes For-
PECK AND PECK
who will appear in Victory Varieties show today Victory Varieties To Feature Hill In Matinee, Evening Shows Doors of the Music Hall will open at 3 p. m. today for the first matinee performance to be scheduled for m. Victory Varieties show. The matinee will begin at 3:30 p. m. and will feature the same acts as the evening show. Doors of the Music Hall will open at 7:30 p. m. for the evening show which will begin at ,8 P- m. Featured on both Shows will appear under the name be Tiny Hill and his orchestra, of Tmy Hill. Completing the show will be World’s Fastest Drummer the Ten Dancing Adorables, jjill hkcs to make salads and has Jack Holst and Milady, the been called the . world’s fattest Hudson Wonders, Peck and Peck, drummer. He is noted for his recthe Gibsons, Sid Blake and either ordings of “Angiy”, “Don’t Let Elmer Cleve and Company or Dan- Julia Foolya”, “Two Ton Tessie”, ny Beck. and “Knee Deep in Daisies”. Tiny Hill Career Tickets for both shows may’ be Tiny Hill began his musical ca- PUi chased for fifty centsy'at the reer with a three-piece hill-billy J
Penalty Days
'Ey special action of the Executive Committee, there arS three “penalty” days during New Year’s week end. They are Friday, December 31; Saturday, January 1, and Monday, January 3. Any student who is absent from a i-egularly scheduled meeting of a class on any of the above-men-tioned dates will be assessed an extra fee of $5.00 for each day or
’raction thereof missed. —DEAN OF MEN.
Lt. A
V-5 Flight Board will conduct in terviews and examinations at the University on Thursday and’Friday, January 6 and 7. According to W. E. Vogler, director of personnel service, all men interested should sign up for interviews in Personnel Of-
fice by Wednesday, January 5.
Navy V-5 cadets are trained to be commissioned pilots in the Navy or Marine Air Corps. During training V-5 cadets are paid $75 monthly, furnished uniforms, quarters, subsistence and free insurance. Upon completion of the course, cadets receive their Navy wings and a commission as ensign in the Naval Reserve or as a second lieutenant
in the Marine Corps Reserve.
Qualifications for enlistment as an apprentice seaman, V-5 USNR
and AS-SV-5 USNR are:
1. Be a male citizen of the Unit-
ed States.
2.
Major Maier Made Head At Richmond Major R. W. Haier, of the mili-
tary training department, has been
transferred to Eastern State Teach- Elliott To Speak
ever” is the second number of the program, and recessional for the graduation group is “Stouthearted Men”, by Sigmund Romberg. Professor Emrick’s composition, “The Flying Portress March”, which he has dedicated to the pilots in the ground crew of the flying fortresses, will be included in the numbers played.
ers’ College, Richmond, Ky., according to Captain G. A. Hesterberg. On February 11 he will assume the post of Professor of Military Science and Tactics, a post comparable to that of Colonel D. M. Beere at the University. Major Maier has been in charge
President E. C. Elliott will address the graduating students and
present the diplomas.
“The Lord’s Prayer”, by Malotte, and “God Be In My Heart”, by Seitz are the numbers to be sung by the University Choir under the
direction of A1 Stewart.
Seniors are to meet on the ground
of instruction for students in the
seventh semester of military train- floor of the Executive Building and ing. Capt. Hesterberg, who has proceed to the Music Hall from Have I’eached 17th birthday at been instructing MT 6, will take there, time of enlistment, but have not yet over that post. Captain M. H. Titus, reached 19th birthday. .^yflo has been assisting Capt. Hes- . 3. Agree to remain on active terberg, will be in charge of the duty for four yearSj including pe- sixth semester, assisted by Lt. H. nod undergoing training as avia- S. Jewett, company commander of
Co. G, 1545 Service Unit.
tion cadet, unless sooner i*eleased by the Navy Department. 4. Be unmai ried and agree to remain unmarried until completion of flight training and acceptance of commissions as ensign, USNR, or second lieutenant, USMCR. 5. Be a graduate of, or cui’rently enrolled in an accredited high school with expectation of graduation by
June 30, 1944.
War Bond Drive Cliairiiren, Workers To Meet Tuesday Seven counties will send commit-
Graduates
Eighty-nine of the candidates will receive Bachelor of Science degrees from the nine schools of the University and six will be awarded ad-
vanced degrees.
Those receiving degrees are: Bachelor of Science: Betty Amos, James Austin, Francis Bumpus, Elisabeth Ford, Elizabeth Foster, Jeanne Fountaine, Alice Jacobs, Virginia Martin, Rebecca Pershing, Robert Pettiner, Elizabeth Rose, Joan Sullivan and LaVerne Zeno. To Receive Home Ec Degrees Bachelor of Science in Home Eco-
6. Be in the upper two-thirds of tee chairmen and workers to a dis- nomics. Elaine Ahrens, Ruth Allen,
trict organization meeting for the Loretta Androff, Athaleen Bande“buy bonds where you work” fourth Gertrude Boyd, Mary Boyd,
band in 1931. Later this became a five-piece orchestra known as Harry Hill and the Five Jacks, who played in small towns around cen-
tral Illinois.
In 1933 Hill organized the Hill’s Heavyweights of Harmony, a band in which each musician weighed at least 220 pounds. He disbanded this outfit and started playing drums on jobbing dates. After playing one year with Bryon Dunbar, Hill organized another band in 1935, signing Dunbar’s men when Dunbar’s band disbanded. These nine men are
male students of high school or secondary school class, or in the upper two-thirds of college class. 7. Pass flight physical examination given by a naval flight exam-
iner.
8. Mentally, morally and psycho-
logically qualified for
an aviation cadet.
war loan drive. The meeting will be held Tuesday morning at 10 in
room 363 of the Union.
Leaders present to conduct the meeting will include the state chair-
training as man, Eugene C. Pulliam; D. Peter-
son, vice-chairman; William L.
9. Have written consent of par- Baynes, executive manager of the ents or guardian to enlist as ap- farm division; Mrs. 0. Ahlgren,
women’s division, and district managers 0. Maxfield and Herbert
Wolf.
Warning To Students: 1944 Begins Today
prentice seaman, V-5, USNR. 10. Pass prescribed mental test. For further information, those in-
terested should call the Personnel
Office, Executive Building. English Department Members Recently
Publish Manuscripts
Ruth Burkher, Lois Caldwell, Claudine Chelmaniak, Doris Dombey, Marianna Duke, Betty Duncan, Mary Fox, Betty Frederick, Georgannk Galloway, Mary Henderson, Johanne Hobbs, Mary Kelsay, Elazabeth Kitchin, Louise Moutoux, Margaret Pennington, Vera Phillips, Betty Ray, Anna Shively, Marie Steely, Jean Thompson, Margaret Warner, Margaret Watson,
and Betty Lois Young.
Bachelbr of Science in Agriculture: Keith Jewell, Wilbur Rule and
Each Hoosier To Buy $100 Bond
The general plan of the drive as- Joseph Shinkle. signs every Hoosier a $100 war bond Engineering Gradutaes
quota to meet the state’s $233,000,000 goal. Each division—investment, payroll savings, farm, women’s and retail stores—will hold
Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering: Richard Aliemang, Robert Gallatin, Wallace Grabe, George Hockaday, Robert Hodapp, Frederick Hohenstein, Helen Hos-
separate meetings at which specific
organization problems will be dis- kinson, Lawrence Johnson, Martin cussed. ' Mercer, Robert Platt, John Swantz, With thb farm-to-farm canvass William Thompson, William Tref-
Four members of the department an important part of the fourth war finger and Charles Wolf, of English recently have had books loan drive, L. E. Hoffman, associate Bachelor of Science in «A^onautiand articles published. Prof. Wil- director of the University exten- cal Engineering: Claude7§chaffer. liam Braswell, now on leave from sion department will be on the pro- Bachelor of Science in Electrical the University and serving as a gram with the members of the state Engineering: Charles Baker, Jr.,
By Cal Streeter Due to the rate at which we are foi’ced to live these days, some of us might go right on into 1944 without noting the difference. Themes and tests will conlmue to show the good old “1943” until sometime around June, when we also change into summer suits. This issue is meant to warn the students that another year is gone, and the one coming up is apt to be a honey. First on the docket are New Year’s resoluNons. We have decided to run some sort of Busy Shopper’s Guide for busy New Year’s resolvers. The student can select from the list below those resolutions which he would most like to break this year. A prize of one hundred Teakwood Soap wiappers will bo awarded foi the best selections. We resolve to: (1) Get even with Mike for that Christmas tie. (2) Remember our girl’s biithday. (3) Make'DISTINGUISHED. (4) Stop smoking, or cut down, oi start smoking (everyone else does). (5) Write to Aunt Millie and thank her for hei\card.
(6) Be more punctual at classes. (7) Be at classes. (8) Study on Sunday afternoon (alternate; Sat. jevenmg). (9) Get eight hoius sleep per night. (10) Read some good books. That will do for a stait. This year will be a Leap year. That's a year when the fellows think they can relax and wait for the girl of their dreams to leap into their ai ms. As .so often happens, the girl gets restless waiting for something to happen and falls for some joe who is too Ignorant to look at the calendar. A word to the wise guys is sufficient. We can pi^omise a year packed with tests, huge ones, and quizzes. The other day we heard a new formula for passing the things. It seems that one should just study regularly and not even think about tests; then they aie supposed to work themselves. Well, there are radicals in every field. Those thoughts on the coming year should start ris off in fine style. So, today, January 1, 19 er, well, we wish you a very profitable and HAPPY new' year.
lieutenant with the United States Navy, is the author of “Melville's Religious Thought—an Essay in Interpretation,” published by the Duke University Press. Prof. Herbert J. Muller, also on leave and serving with the U. S. Department of State, is the author of a Yale University Press publication entitled “Science and Criticism,” a critical study of theories in physics, biology, psychology and sociology. Allen, Wykoff Articles Dr. Chailes Allen is the author of an article, “The Dial,” which covers 50 years of the existence of this magazine. Prof. George Wykoff’ has written a review to be published in the December issue of “College English,” a book for student writers. Mudball Hie ther clarence I herd t^o solgers talking and they said it was pretty good the lyay the army gav them a day off and the navy and marins have to do their sleepin in classe on Saturday I guess they thine their preety smarte. —MUDBALL.
war finance committee. Fourteen Districts To Meet Fourteen of these district meetings will be held over Indiana in four days. Chairmen and workers of war finance committees, representatives of banks, savings and loan associations, and postmasters have been invited from the counties. The counties to be lepi’esented are Benton, Tippecanoe, Warren, Montgomery, Fountain, Clinton and White. Intramural Rivalry To Fill Rifte Range
Robert Dover, Virgil Duncan, Richard Jenkins, William McCown, John Merriell, Robert Nash, Jack Newman, Burnard Nicholson, Edward Niksch, Richard Raub, George Rogers, James Shipman, Byers Smith, Raymond Smith, Robert Whitely, Robert Williams, Frank Willson, and Barton Wood. Bachelor of Science in Chemical Enigneerihg: James Bowen, Jr., Andrew Bremer, Howard Davis, Robert Formanek, and Robert Hansen. Pharmacj Graduates Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy: Donald Harding, Emily Lloyd, Robert Smith and Eugene Weaver. Bachelor of Science in Physical Education; Charles Wright. Master of Science; Darwin Aidrich and John Alraquist. Doctor of Philosophy; Lavon Bechtol, Delbert Bergenstal, William Toland, Jr., and Charles Slea-
sei.
In spite of the war, intramural rifle competition will be held again this year. It will be the responsibility of the difl’eient houses to determine their own team before the
time of competition. Two dates have ^
been set aside on the rifle range for OlTHCfOfl NU
this purpose. Guns and targets will be furnished free, while the ammunition may be purchased at the c)ieck out room. Competition, which
. . . National Home Economics Honorary, announces the election of the following officers: President,
will be governed by the rules of the Jo Dix; vice president and editor, National Rifle Association, will Ruth Legg; secretary, Vera Danglvstart January '24. city, and treasurer, Marie Apodtte,1
Jr ’ > ' ' * (, Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Saturday^ January 1, 1944
eview
Of Year
hej there mudball (his is the ftrst time weve ever had to put out a new years paper (or ob\ ions reasons and since > on ha^ e been w riting dear little^sonncts to nje all jear ! feel it sacred duty to repaj >ou b> printing some of the hot spots from my diarj of the goings on on this here campus ol the past year yours truly —CLARENCE Jan. 14—Students and service men were stimulated by a combination of the Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra, directed by Leopold Stokowski, and a fantastic coloi epic whip-ci gamed into Disney’s ‘‘Fantasia.” The Musk. Hall’s new sound equipment made its debut. Lino of Duty—An executive committee staited the class-cutting system on a pi ofessor-student basis with the frantic hope of a deeiease In class-cutting . “Going to classes IS in the line of duty,” agiced an editorial Jan. 17—Road tups for fiateir.ities weio banned, alter investigation by an c.xecutivo committee . . . “Too unhealthy,” testified Dr. Miller. Jan. 22—Louis P. Lochner, former war coii pondent, spoke at an afternoon convocation, explaining the difleic ..n the status of the GeiiUa .ess undei the 1 enubliC and undci Nazi domination. J .11 24—Scniois graduating in .'tugust celebrated Senioi Day in 111' Fieldhouse, waited 13 minutes I'm the fiist basket . . Deibythrowung seniors stopped the game in (heir fervoi. P. S.—We lost. Jan. 2G—Causing no end of turmoil and excitement, the War Depaitment announced the status of
Play shop presented “Pursuit of Happiness” December 10-11
DAVID E. ROSS University trustee, who died June 27
the Aimy Enlisted Reseive Coips; All students m the ERG to be called at the end of the amrrent semester with a lew notable exceptions. Jan 28—University Road School do cd its confeience with a war sapper and speaker, Governor Sehiickei. Jan. 29—Threats ol the Sophomoie Cotillion being the last big loimal dance caused judicials to lelert and offer 2 a m. houis . . . 1000 tickets sold out . . . the Panther Room yielded Jerry Wald and his orchestra to pi ovule music and the name band. Jan .30—Students endorsed their aesthetic taste.s by heartily liking the Ballet Rmsse de Monte Carlo . . . The “lodeo” scene was especially pleasing. ^Jan. 31—Speech clinic entered its nineteenth yeai. Jan 31—A not <-o rvell pleased audience saw the result.s of the Indiana basketball game . . . scoie .OS-So; louls, 14 on each team; peisonaK, Biggs and Ehlei s both left the game. Feb. 2—'Io ‘f " ” the pocsibrlny of six mo. ol the usual Indiana pre-spiiiiL a'eathei, enteimg .students Riggested sending out .4,lpha Phi Omega, scouting honor'a'y, pledges to lout out the l-roundhogs iiom then holes and hold imihiellas ovei them Lib. 2—Following on the heels of the KKC announcement came the “.4iny All If’oiee Enlisted Reserve cidli (1 immediately to active duty” . The Univeisity was plunged into a senes of stiaightening out credit'-, is'-ujiig refunds and checking long! I lulliu “idtio” culur>n buaii‘-e of the laigei numbas of 1)1 iiii)i';s S'k li 5 - L'nivei sity gained 200 ngv lieshmen. ^*(1). 5-G—^“Eve ol ,St. klaik,” a diama, complete with unusual !,<^.uiy and lighting efiecLs, and Jo|jjj Claik as lead. Feb. II -Coeds liegan undergo-
ing junior commando training w'lth physical fitness obstacle course . . . Warning to eds. Feb. 15—Curtiss-Wi ight cadettes ailived 115 stiong to join the few brave coeds on the engiireering campus . . CW cadettes were from colleges all over the country, planned to take a 10-month course m draw'iiig, computing, testing, designing, technicianing, etc. Feb. 19—Green Potters and guests danced to Dick Cisne, gazed upon President Jim McCormick and freshman queens. Barb Coiiard, Bobbie Boiman and Kitten Merchant Feb 21—Plans foi housing scivicc men in the Women’s Gym fell through, and the first of the dehousing of fiaLeinity men began. Feb. 25—War Inloimatron Office operated as a bureau for students, with students answering questions concerning various reserves, women’s aiixiliaiies, draft status, etc. Fob 28—PI A celebrated midteim with the champagne music of Lawrence Welk . . . Heavilon Hall clock celebrated by going on its yearly spring binge . . . The FBI celebrated gosh knows what by fin-ger-piintmg' and photographing the University faculty. ' Mai 7— hey there clarence i think they are carrying this rationing business too far this moining i hoard a rnan say he hoped he i-oukl get a b r ation card r ask you elai'ence since when has it become necessai y to 1 ation bees MUDBALL Mar. 7—Senioi pioirr . . . moonlight . corsages . . . Queen Ann Ostiandci . . loimals ... 2 a. m. . . . Lew Diamond. l\Iai. 8—500 soldiers'ailived to swell Univeisity ranks . . . They w'eie to receive specialized training m scientific couisos. Mai. 10—An all-slai Playshop cast presented the comedy-bur-lesque. “Aisenic and Old Lace,” to the tune of one t of arsenic, one t. ot stiychnme and a pinch oi cyanide. Mai. 12—Fiateinities and soioiities thankfully finished trade dinneis to leplace them with coke parties, thealei paities and faculty dinners. Mar. IG—The Indianapolis symphony, directed by Fabien Sevitsky, mateiialized w'lth 85 pieces ... 12
of w'hich wei e played by women . . . and a program including “To Old Glory,” “Symphony in E Minor,” “Peer G,ynt Suite” and “1812 Overture ” Mar. 21-—Able judges Miller, Martin, Phillips, Bntz and Geiger passed decisions on the University’s canine population . . . Well-groomed SAE dog accompanied by equally well-groomed Betty Wedge caught the judges’ eyes, as did the Exponent’s journalistic dog. Mar. 27—The Fieldhouse faced life gaily decked with bunting, flags.
palms, tissue i:^pei, green sawdust and Queen Susie Mayer for the relays, which were very successful . . . 2,3 relay teams were present, with 3,500 spectators, and the University placed thud. Mai. 28—5500 people attended rhe convo which featured Sigmund Rombeig and his oi,chestra . . . Most amusing numbei was announced as “the gicatest maich in the w'oilcl,” pioved to be “Wedding Maich iiom Lohengim” . . . Blonde and beautiful Maiie Nash, vivacious Giace Panvini and handsome tenor Gene Mini ay weie soloists. The audiencs blissfully absorbed the Romberg light opera, went home humming “Wanting You.” etc, Api. G—^W T. Millci of the mechanical engineering /chool was chosen by SDX as “one of the best among the good teacheis heie at the University.” Apr. 10—Marny Mahn played for the Scabbaid and Blade formal . . . Befoie the dance active members and dates attended a dinner . . . Grand march was led by Cadet Col. W. C. Rafert. Apr. 13—Spring splash carnival “Galacade” came wnth its usual success . . . One entertainment that never fails to please. Api IG—President Elliott resigned his post with the Manpower Commission to lesrime active presidency of University. Apr. 18—Roy Heidke, sophomore star ol the swimming team, broke his thud world record . . Finished the 150 yaul breast stioke in 1:43, beating the previous lecoid by .0 second. May 7—Frank Buck, featured in first summer convo, thrilled audience with tales of jungle adventures and spectacular movies of^trips into Asia and Africa. May 16—Enrollment figures showed decrease of 714 students
since the same time last year . . . Effects of the draft? May 18—The “little” Wabash scared Lafayette populace by overflowing its banks by a good seven feet... Was rising six inches every hour. May 20—Flood of the Wabash began to subside . . . Land in sight here and there. May 27—Playshop curtain was upped on a play of sex, inti igue and innuendo, namely “Claudife” . . . Aptly filling the leads were Andrew, Barb and Kaplan. June 4—Metropolitan soprano Rose Bampton sahg for convocation gathering, admitted she was fond of popular music. June 19—Another prom, 2 a. iri. hours and females . . . Bill Bardo jrlayed. June 21—His Biitanme Majesty’s ambassador to the United States, Lord Halifax, without his Eton tie, told 5000 Universit-ites that the war will be won through cooperation . . The audience, pleased with the sight of a real live English peer, sang “God Save the King.” June 25—^The Metropolitan Opera Association presented debonair, temperamental tenor James Melton, who sang spintuelles and begged, “Please, will the audience be a little more quiet?” . . . Also, more fraERC Won't ternity houses were vacated for the incoming ASTP and V-12; sighed the fraternity men, “It’s the first time the closets have been cleaned since ...” June 27—Cary Hall gave itself a farewell dance the night before the Navy took ovei . . . Featured Maury Mahn. July 1—The University’s flag hung at half-Urast for the school’s tuple loss of David Ross, Stanley
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS Records (popular and classical) Sheet music (latest hits) Instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing
E. GottHer and ’G. A. Young. David Ross was an 1893 graduate of the University, endower of many educational facilities, inventor, nationally known engineer apd a 'close friend of President Elliott. Stanley E. Coulter was the former dean of men, dean of the Science School... Gavfe -his name to the Biology Building. Prof. G. A. Young was the former head of the School of Mechanical Engineering. Students attended the Ross funeral, listened to taps for the other two. July 1—-Marines and navy-12’s were inducted on zero deck of Cary Hall Southeast, spent the following week being interviewed, classified, advised and injected with a review of naval and marine courtesies. July 7—926 ASTP men Stationed at the UniYepsity began classes on the 12th. Col. Beei'e, commandant. July 10—Service men have an entire page of the Exponent devoted to them and their activities, concerning both the University and the Army. July 15—“MAGgie” hit immortality with a burning editorial on impetuous service men . . . Following in chronological order were more edits, letters to the editor, more edits, denials, apologies . . . Blonde MAGgie made a dignified withdrawal. July 22, 23, 24—Outstanding Playshop east starred in the “Man Who Came to Dinner” with George Sykes filling the wheelchair as the “Man,” supported by Cato Wo^od-as “Maggie.” July 23—De'lighted audience heard Henry Scott, who practices 18 hours a day, give his versatile program of high-brow classics, lowbrow boogie-woogie, and concei-t satire . . . sandy-haired, thick-set Scott tossed quips as easily as his music at the audience who hilariously caught them and quipped them back. July 24—Dancing under the stars . . . Coop, WHR and sorority hostesses . . . tennis courts and moonlight . . . Harry Reed and his “not so bad” band . . . first of the systematized cutting . . . informal . . . free ... no rain. July 26—Executive officer of the SPARS, Lt. Schleman, former director of WRH, paid the University a visit via a trip to Bloomington to
'‘'sFefe'k" at the Indiana University SPAR commencement. Aug. 3—Coeds capered in a show production arranged by Al Stewart . . . Alpha Chis escaped with first prize and DGs copped second.
Aug. 4—
hey there clarence flying around the music hall someone on the campus must have some extra money to spare if much more money continues to flow onto the music hall stage i am starting a show of my own to collect a little luv —MUDBALL Aug. 9—Ghost-breakers of Cary Hall finally tracked down the nameless horror which had been haunting the Halls for several weeks . . . IT appeared night after ni^t, in the dead of night, to frighten the little service men . . . That is, until one night IT was ganged up on . . . IT was very fleet, and all pursuers could see was the running form clad in GI shoes and white shorts, clutching a sheet. Aug. 16—500 candidates for degrees received diplomas and achievement awards in the full blast of midsummer heat. Aug. 31—Light, happiness and 600 freshmen invaded the Armory to begin University careers . . . University revised curriculum to fit Navy program . . . new eight-week semester originated. Sept. 1—^British Consul Gallienne spoke on “Fear,” offered “Never be uhkmd, never lie, learn control of fear” as code for living. Sept. 9—“This Is the Army,” living Berlin’s hew show, had its Lafayette premiere with the help of a military band and a parade of army equipment from Ft. Harrison . . . Parade began in front of the Union and marched across the levee.
Sept. 11—Metropolitan Opera stal- Richard Cl'boks sang at ‘fiffet recital of the season, sharing honors with William Primrose, violin-
ist.
Sept. 12—Rudy Vallee an(J the “Lucky ’Eeventh” Coast Guard barid amused some,' shocked other bo^d buyers at afternoon and evening bond rally performances . . . Jiihiby Grier and a group of tPtnblei’El aldSd with thfe 'fun. ’ Sept. 14—Began the famous tohtroversy carried on in and out of the Exponent editorial column between CJW and Rudy Vallee’s proponents o\^er the merits of-Vallee's type of humor as exhibited 'at thfe
LT. RUDY VALLEE appeared at the War Bond Show September 9. bond-selling convocation at_which he appeared. Sept. 14—Carl Cass came fTOm the University of Wisconsin to take Ross Smith’s place as director of Playshop. Sept. 18—Third “Victory Varieties” show featured Jack Russell (See YEAR’S REVIEW, page 3)
SUNDAY - MONDAY STAR-SPARKLING MUSICAL HIT
— and •
GEORGE PRISCILLA BRENT * LANE
Armj ua\e “Khaki on the Kainpus” September 23
-»piAimeTHRU WEDNESDAY Mnn/KraSaturday, January 1, 1944
ExpoU^Ut
Puge S
*
4/ I
, Purdue Exponent Editof ? Mils MUrptty Business ManaffSr Mary Dilts Nifrs lEditot; .. .c. ., . WtUlwii Tyson Managing Editor Carolyn Wilbur Sports Editors ' Ray Smith, Russell Lipes
liifjiit Editsr,
Cij^^d^lur Day.BdUbr Spurts ^dithr
Staff for This Yssuo
Richardson
.Jlowes Baynes
f Wright to^^, Asperger !rs: Streeter, Yargar, Garrett, Stef-
fes, Roth, Stimson, Krc, McLaughlin, Miller,
Levels.
Entered as seebnd class matter at the post
jofEi(m in Lafayi
^f Cong) special ral
lion 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1921!. EPbllshed on Tuesday, iThursUair hHd S^tUrdW.morhings diirihg the ,year, @s4epl cdrftiih 'vSeafioh periods. DO"liveved daily by carrier for $1.26 for a semester: : 'by ihhil for $1.60 for h semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Kxponedt tiffidS Or at the West Desk of the Unidti.
. ..a, . I,
(Continued from page 2) and NBC ordhedtra, Dorothy Bytdh’s 'dancers Rhd Pinky Tracy. Sept. 21'—'Rites were held for Lt. Tdfn Melton,’ co-captain of BoilerM«tkfer football team in 1941, who died in Plorida plane crash. ■ Sept. 26—AST’s combined “musiCi sophistication and corn in traditional calnp-style show, “Khaki on the KampUs.” >)Oct. 2—Senior rrien in cords and few remaining mustaches, senior ^ii'l^ in war-time gold beanies mkrehed in Cord Parade before Boilermakers administered trouncing to'Illini... Old cannon restored long-time hiding place; again to be prize for winner of annual game.
Oct. 2—Coed Canteens, newest eiiperimdnt fdr getting service men and cbfeds acquainted by means of parties on Sunday afternoons, were ‘'acclaimed great successes. Oct. 6—Union completed plans foi’Teeding 750 service men in ballrooms, bringing the total of’serVice men’s meals served daily tb 1150. Oct. 7—Surprise blackout h'llarity in the Sweet Shop, mixups romantic and otherwise, and nobody really much surprised. ^ Oct. 11—650 more ASTP men began to arrive and continued coming till November 8 . . . Some were housed in'’';;ljie Ag Engineering Building, others in fraternity houses . . . Navy announces plans for moving flyers to airport bar\acks. 'Oct. 14—^Playshop staged “Hay FevCp,ii>Noel Coward comedy about wayward Bliss family . . . Wedge and Kaplan led the confusion. Oct. 14—Service Men's Beauty Contest ended with marines’ ^girl friend Margie Lee leading the field, accompanied‘by beauties Roma Jean Cessrha, Perky Rogers and Evelyn McGinness. Oct. 17—Paul Draper tap-danced to classical music and Larry Adler presented/ hannonica specialties, classic arm non-classic, at convo. Oct. 19—Alumni flocked to campus to see undefeated Boilermakers beat Iowa 28-7 . . . Honored guests were members of the 1918 team. Oct. 23—Milt Britton’s instrument smashing band, boogie-play-ing Dorothy Donegan and Wee Bonnie Baker headlined the fourth Vic-
tory Varieties program. Oct. 26—Inter--American fljlers, members of several South AhiCrican nations, came to the University for flight training in order to take over airlines in their home countries, formerly operated by the*Germans . . , The flyers Were housed in part of the upper floor of the Union! Nov. 1—Dr. Marian L. Matson, head of the nursery school of the Home Ec School, and her mother were killed in an automobile crash.
novelty nuinbers for the fifth Victory Varieties program, which included six other specialty acts . . . Probably the largest share of applause awarded by the capacity Thanksgiving crowd went to the Vagabond.s, lively negro quartet. Nov. 30---Pifty-two football players received awards at the annual football banquet . .,. guests gazed
'I l-'i ’
ERC Will 4*
for the NEW YEAR BEST WISHES University Book Store Across from the Union Bldg.
Nov. 2—ASTP Reserves come to University from University of Kentucky. Nov. 6—Eugenia Honeywell and Harold Bauer gave a duo-piano recital at a Music Hall convo. Nov. 13—Cross country team acquired its second Western Conference title in three years . . . Eddie Ericsson and Bob Mannfeld crossed the finish line first, giving the Riveter team top score. Nov. 14—Earle Spicer, Canadian baritone, presented an unusual program of English and American folk ballads a-nd songs from Shakespeare and Gilbert and Sullivan. Nov. 20—Boilermakers defeated the Hoosiers 7-0 to bring the Old Oaken Bucket back to the UniverERC Won't sity . . . The team marched off with a record of no defeats and no ties for the season . . . Touchdown was scored on a pass from Vacant! to Bauman and the extra point was added by Dubicki. Nov. 25—Students and faculty gathered amicably for a “Say, why the hell ...” convocation . . . President Elliott, Prof. Hockema and Union Manager Vallely struggled over such questions as “What about Christmas vacation?” “Why penalty days?” etc. Nov. 25—Alt Kassel and his orchestra provided music and several
at baby, pictures of team members , . . and at the Bucket , . . Dick Bai'Wegdn, veteran right guard of the eleven, was acclaimed most valuable member of the team. Dec. 2, 3--The Black Hills Passion Play, featuring Josef Meier as the Christus and a cast ti'ained from childhood for their roles, presented a’-inalinee and two'evening pei'foi'mances at the Music Hall with the aid of 126 extra people and the University choir. Dec. 2—Fizz-Ed classes were suspended for one week and the Fleldhou.se was padlocked before the sparkling eyes of appreciative eds
ERC wn>
Another “P” is added to the Old Oaken Bucket at the football banquet November 30.
and service men . . . According to Doc Miller this action was taken because of the cold epidemic on campus. Dec. 4—After a \hree-year wait the big bass drum, famous in University history, at last recovered its head . . . took all that time for the manufacturer to find skin covering large enough. Doc Miller suggested warm baths, less drinking, more clothing and less kissing as a cold prevention measure. Dee. 6—The Oflicers’ Club bowed gracefully out' to make way for juke box dancing each week day afternoon. Dec. 7—Faculty members voted to give one more day of vacation for students . . . three whole days ... order appearing on service men’s ^ ' — ' ERC Won't bulletin board, “You will have a Merry Christmas,” signed by an officer. Nothing unusual marked the second anniversary. Dec. 9—Ballet Theater appeared in the Music Hall with stars Anton Dohn, Lucia Chase and Rosella Hightower . . . students were heartily entertained, especially by the “Lure of the Devil” number. Dec. 11—Greater than a presi-
dential election, with votes totaling over 256 million.^, the SDX Riveters’ Ras.sle queened Martha Lee Riggs, Rosemary Oesch, Mary and ■Marge Vaughn, Carolyn Wilbur and Marion Lively . . . kinged Mike Kasap, Dick Butsch, Al Lindskoog, Rusty Sguros . . . almost queened Dusty Rhoades, but relented at the last moment . . . .students arrived dressed in spoit costumes fOr the “Winter Carnival.” Dec. 17—The Glee Club gave their smooth, Fred Waring rendition of “White Christmas” . . . 100 person choir delivered caiols . . . orchestra, “Waltz of the Floweis,” “Russian Trepak,” and “Christmas Fantasia” . . . the lovely “Christmas Choralogue.” Dec. 18—No. No. IS^i. The ASTP will not be liquidated . . . Duke Ellington will ... he won’t ... he will ... he won’t. Dec. 21—Thirteen students made ERC Will \ 6-point during semi-term .. . what’s going on here ? The average Gl gets 14 pieces of mail each week . . . including packages and newspapers, of course . . . five times as much as last year, hey there clarence i got messed up at registration they made me go back because i had my I'ailroad ticket and my class cards in red ink the man said the faculty judge the students by the color of ink he used if he wrote in green ink the faculty thinks he is green so i did all of it over in .blue ink i hope the faculty wont think i am blue now —MUDBALL Remember the GI who, after diligently reading the cafeteria bulletin board’s suggestion, “Food Will Win the War,” asked, “Bud, how will we get the Japs and Germans
LORD HALIFAX spoke on the campus June 29 here to eat the food?” Mid Feb. “Mistei Five by Five,” latest campus hit song . . . “Twirl my ERC Won't nightie, tuck me in, here comes Mister El roll Flynn.” Jan. 1,1944—Remember that 1944 is leap yeai. well mudball theie it IS my diaty dedicated to you with love i bet a lot of students who were too lazy too make their own diary wisht they had now see you next yeai luv claience your fiiend ' who IS looking into that leeping business
Army Wins
BOQIKS GJFTS STATIONERY ATflLjETIC SUPPLIES OFFICE SjUPPLIES AND EQUIPMENT Decker s Inc.
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
Get Your-
STATIONERY and ' SUPPLIES of ALL KINDS University Book Store
Phone 2192 f
356 ttate
Satisfy Vour Desires with an Exponent Classified
PURDUE BASKETBALL
Graves
Quality
PURDUE I No. Name PosiHon 24 Lodge F. 3 Horn F. 9 Gustafson F. 23 Kennedy C. 27 Frazier C. 30 Haag G. 25 Friend G.
Bakery
£hiwuL ami fiosJUthsu
PATRONIZE ADVERTISERS of EXPONENT
NOTRE DAME No. Name Position 21 Klier F. 6 Loyd F. 28 Todorovich C. 19 Rutledge „.G. 18 Lujack G.
Ward (I’iggy) Lambert
When You Are in Trouble, Call PETER ANDERSON CO. GOODYEAR TIRES and BATTERIES 24 HOUR SERVICE Corner of Sixth and Alabama Phone 4048
SojuihwoiiliY SMALL ENOUGH to personalize its service to yon, yet LARGE ENOUGH to offer yon the largest stock of USED AND NEW TEXTS Complete StiiclentS| Supply
HARDWARE. PAINTS and SUNDRIES I ^ Edgerton Hardware E. W. VanMeter, Pres. 7 Phone 4354 West Lafayette
SANDWICHES and Soft Drinks Also CURB SERVICE TRIPLE XXX Corner of Salisbury and Main
Everything for a College Education DEAC’SFor Service Men, By Service Men
Saturday, January 1, 1944
Boilermakers Face Irish Fwe Here Monday Night
Lodge, Friend Missing Ball Team Loses
Fehring To Sailors, Doan Takes Charge
Prom Riveter Lineup
It will be a greatly weakened Boilermaker five that takes the floor in the Fieldhouse against Notre Dame'^Monday night, in the second and last meeting of the year between these two teams. The Riveters have been notified by the Navy V-12 admiflistration that due to Navy rules Bill Lodge and Duffy Friend will be ineligible, at least for the game Monday night In the last meeting of the teams the Irish quintet defeated thfe favorite by the score of 47-40, and gave to the Boilermakers the second defeat of the season, having lost to Great Lakes
previously
Boilermaker Grid War Intensifies WAA
J/uL ^[juxh^ Sjoq^ By Jay Newman, A S , USNR
Squad Takes All Big Ten Honors By Irw m Steinberg A wai time edition of the Boileiraalcei football team completed an undefeated and untied season by topping Indiana Univeisity at Bloomington 7 0, in the final con test of the yeai The 1943 pigskin campaign saw the Boileimakeis romp ovei nine opponents and emerge the only majoi undefeated and untied team in the countiy In the final standings of the top elevens over the nation, the Riveteis were ranked fifth The Black and Gold opened the season against the Gieat Lakes Navkl Training Station Aftei spot ting the Sailois a fiist peiiod touchdown, the Boileimakeis, led by Stan DuKcki, went on to win 23 13 Following then tiiumph ovei the Blue jackets the Boileimakeis lomoed over the Hilltoppeis of Maiquette 21-0 The foiwaid wall completely stopped the lunning of John Rudan who had led Maiquette to a 33 7 victory ovei Wisconsin the week be fore Butkovich Scores Four Touchdowns Derbies flew in the an when the Riveters returned home for then first game against Illinois Tony Butkovich, Boilermaker fullback, ran wild and scoied four touchdowns as the Illini fell before the mighty Boilermaker attack, 40-21 A powerful Camp Grant eleven came to Lafayette to face the Riveters’ undefeated machine next The soldiers boasted many stars m its ranks, but a short pass, Vacanti to Dubicki, sent the Black and Gold winging its way to the fourth straight victory, 19-0 Ohio State met the Boileimakeis in what proved to be one of the most exciting games of the season A crowd of over 40,000 at Cleveland’s Municipal Stadium, watched the Buckeyes’ sensational freshmen, Ernie Parks and Dean Sensanbaughei, pace Ohio to a startling 7-(^lead at half time Howevei, the Riveters fought back in the second half to easily defeat the Buckeyes Five touchdowns were scoied in the latter part of the game beneath a heavy rainstorm 13 Riveters Play Last Game TJie Boilei makei s entei ed the annual Homecoming game at RossAde Stadium against Iowa, riding on^ a five game winning streak Once again the Black and Gold gave up ^e fiist scoie of the game to their opponents The Hawkeyes tal lied, but then four stiaight touchdowms by the Riveteis pulled the game out of the fire, with the final count showing the Riveteis ahead 28-7. Thirteen stalwarts of the undefeated Boilermakers played then last game against Wisconsin and easily topped the Badgeis by five touchdowns Tony Butkovich broke the Big Ten scoiing lecoid, which had held up against such stais as Tommy Haimon, Nile Kinnick, Tom Kuzma, Billy Hillenbiand and Otto Giaham, in this contest by scoring four touchdowns, making his total 78 points ^ r'evamped Riveter team tiav eled to Minneapolis to face Minne sot^ rn the next contest Amidst a st6^y fall of snow, the Riveteis took a 7 0 lead only to have the Gojden Gophei s come back to even thllppunt With only 38 seconds to play, a quick pass, Vacanti to Di roancheff, gave the Boileimakeis then eighth stiaight tiiumph, aJtei all hope foi victoiy had seemed gone Riveter Line Holds The final contest of the season saw the Boilei makei s face Indiana at Bloomington in a battle for the ti^ltional Old Oaken Bucket Sam Vajmnti’b pass to Fiank Bauman gave the Riveters an early 7-0 lead
U..
Physical Fitness Plan
By Alice Brassie Even though the war has slowed down many civilian activities, it has served to accelerate the activities of the WAA during 1943 A rigid training piogiam was offered freshman women students this winter and spring, the puipose being to achieve “Physical Fitness Through Physical Education ” A physical fitness leader’s course was sponsored by WAA with Miss Helen Hazellon, head of the PE school, as instructor The purpose^ of the course was to train coeds to conduct then exercise classes in then respective halls and houses The skill acquired during this train mg period was exhibited to the public at an ‘ Open House” held in April at the Women’s Gym The freshmen illustrated the basic piogiam they had been following all winter by woiking out on apparatus, turn bling marching and other feats By no means was “Physical Fit ness” the only course offered, how evei This was shown at the “Open House” when the Tiiton and Modern Dance Club contributed then poi tion of the entertainment The Tii The Cream and Crimson fought back to then utmost in the second half, forcing the Boileimakeis to make four goal line stands, but the Riveteis’ line held and the Bucket now rests in Lafayette by virtue of
a 7 0 victory
In post season dope, Alex Agase and Tony Butkovich received many All American mentions, while Boris Dimancheff and Dick Baiwegen weie selected to play for the East in the annual East West game at San Francisco today
War conditions and the weather man hairassed the Riveter baseball team throughout most of last sea son Bad weather and the training facilities shared ^ith the Cleveland Indians slowed the early practice sessions “Dutch” Fehring got things under way, howevei, and led the team off to a brilliant start The Riveters then had to change horses in the middle of the stream after the Wisconsin game when “Dutch” left for the Navy and “Pop” Doan left his desk in the ticket office to
coach the team
The Boileimakeis started the season with four consecutive wins They then lost three games, two to Illinois and one to the Badgeis After the first game with Wisconsin, they found themselves and went on to beat Freeman Field, Wisconsin and Bunker Hill Naval An Station At the end of the season the team elected Ed Misselhoin to the posi tion of honorary captaincy and at the same time they named “Huffy” Friend, and Chuck Wright as “most
valuable” playei s
The prospects for this yeai are hard to predict in that “Pop” Doan will have to make up an entirely new team, which will be composed mainly of the service men on the campus There are only two civilians on the campus who have played with the Riveters pieviously
ton Club under the direction ot Miss Marian Russell was a highlight of the evening with its display of tal ent for watei ballets lelay races, life saving tactics and water polo quite aptlj wnile '\Iiss Thelrar Bell s Modem Dance Club shared the limelight bv not only offering four Spanish A iciicrn dances but featuring two dances of then own original composition Intiamuial formed a major part of activities of the WAA A basket ball officiars icourse was offered to enable the new officials to take part in the touinament games, and the Board met and changed the point system for in\iamuial competition Swimming proved as always one of the most popular sports offered in the PE cuiiiculum Each house, ward and hall on the campus was represented in a swimming meet with the Delta Gamma sorority winning top honors This Victory would not have been attained had it not been for the top rank style of Bet ty Haiiison who walked off with seven first place ratings
In the future days whrch we seek to make secure, we look forward to a world founded upon four essential freedoms The first is freedom of speech atid expressron — everywhere in the world Ihe second is freedom of evciy person to worship God in his own way—everywhere rn the world The thud is freedom from want, which, translated into world terms, means economic understandings which will secure to every nation a healthy peacetime life for its inhabitants—everywhere in the world The fourth is fiecdom from fear, which, translated into world terms, means a woild wide reduction of armaments to such a point and in such a thorough fashion that no nation will be in a position to commit an 'act of physical aggression against any neighbor—anywhere rn the world —Franklin D Roosevelt, Januaiy 6, 1942 Two-^eais have gone by since President Roosevelt crystallized the reasons we are in this war into his now famous Four Freedoms During that time we have recovered from the staggering blow of Pearl Haaboi, completed the conversion of all our industrial resources into war production, conquered the subma line threat, routed the Japanese Navy whenever it dared show its face and put the enemy on the de fensive in Europe and in the Pacific war zone Looking back, we con elude that we’ve done a damned swell job Looking ahead we find just as tough a one left to do On the fust daj 01 1911 our third year of liar, the situation is this Germany is on
Notices
Civil Engineers ASCE mcetinp: Tuesdiv Jan 4 / JO p m Heavilon Hill Coloi and sound movies on Airpoit and Pennsyl vania Tuinpikc constiuction All seivico men and eiviliant. interested in this held aie ur^ed to attend —FRLITAG Ceres Mectins Tuebday Jan i 6 30 p m in Old Chestnut Room in Ui ion —WANN
Universitly Choir Rtpoit to the Music Hall at 1 40 p m Sunday Januaiy 2 fot
commencement STLWARl teen doll iib by eeini.
Kappa Beta Mott it 102 Waldron on Mond ly Jan 3 at 30 p m Impoitant
—HERD
Reamers Meeting. Me nd i> J u 3 at J P m or ifter babketball Lime ~ LINDSKOOG Distinguished Students Relunds aie avail able at the cashiei s ottice burnmei semes ter honor students who have not received the full lefund may Let then lemaminj? fif
Your Best Party Dress will be CLEAIVED Beautifully
Phone 4081
DELIVERY FREE
Northwestern at Vine Street
hei way out. Her breakdown is certain— a matter of time and Allied life and equipment. The fall of 1944 IS the cfeadlme predicted by top Allied leaders, according to Raymond Clapper Japan, on the other hand, is still a nasty question mark. The bulk of her Navy has never ventured out to do battle, and we’re not even ceitain of its strength. The peiformance of her army has exploded the idea of little yellow Supeimen, and has also shown that her nien are among the be^ trained and most determined in the world. Most of oui captuied islands have taken a heavy toll of American lives No one can safely predict how we will faie this year in the Pacific, except to say that we’ll “do our darndest”. And if that doesn’t scare any Taps, it’s because the only ones who have evei seen an American doing his daindest are now dead To the enslaved peqple of the world who know no fieedom—God giant them a safe New Yeai that they may live to someday celebiate a happy New Yeai under all the 1 oui Fieedoms
The show is designed not to run over one and a half hours. In fact, it’s guaranteed not to, because it won’t go on until the regular basketball game is ovei, and too much sitting IS hard on the spine. As another selling point, we notice that the show has a plot. The spectatois are part of it, too. In the intermission before the second act, the usheis Will pick about twenty couples out of the audience to act as night club patrons in Act 11. Besides getting choice seats for a while, the select few will get to dance to Bob Piper’s music. (We won’t say much about the band, which is excellent, because bands are still sensitive subjects). Publicity mateiial has been sent to New Yoik, Boston, Indianapolis and Chicago newspapeis, as well as to Life magazine What’s moie. Life has been coidially invited to send down a photogiaphei foi a “Lige Goes To a ” aiticle Keep youi fingeis ciossed Next week we’ll tiy to tell you something aoout tne boys who aie in it . Buy War Bonds And Stamps
ASCE Will Show Films At Meeting University chapter of the American Society of Civil Engineers will hold a monthly meeting Tuesday at 7 30 p m m room 202 of Heavilon Hall Anyone interested in civil engineering is invited to attend. Two sound-color films will be shown. The fiist film, “The Pennsylvania Turnpike,” deals with construction methods and procedure in the buildof the super-highway It shows the completed woik and gives a general summary of the activity. I'he second film illustrates soilr ement construction of landing mats and runways at two military bases in this countiy Entitled “LowCost Soil-Cement Roads,” it also desciibes const!uction operations and briefly outlines method^ of figld tests Quote, from the Ft Clark News: “A goldbrick is a GI who has sti etched a 10 minute bieak into
Try An Exponent Classified!
Behind The Scenes of ‘ Scuttlebutt And Brine” Take a look at the backdiop in Act II of the Navy play, “Scuttlebutt and Brine”, next Saturday night It cost a cool $100 The boys painted it themselves and they’re still tiled Theie’s not anothei stage within a bundled miles of heie big enough loi it Speaking of finances if “Scuttlebutt and Biine” weie to be piodiiced on Broadway it would iLir ovei $1 000 in addition to the salai les of evei yone woi king with it
May the NEW YEAR Bring You All Things Good
Classified Ads
Money to loin—On diamonds watcEcs guns Iublhkc typewiiteib Albeits Loan
Office 407 Columbia
Typewriters—AddinL machines all makes sold rented repaiiod and puichased Mimeo trraph woik done C P LbcibholT 605 Mam
Lafayette Phono 2'"79
NEW YEAR'S GREETINGS Compliments of DAD'S PLACE Russell Harshbarger
VP/'
All Intiamuril Babketball Games bched uled f 1 Mon 1 ly Jin i iic c u celled be
c lU^L < f the N( tre D ime t ime
GLrVLii
Roffer Williams I oundation Dr G H Giaves twill speak at ( 10 p m Sunday Januaiy 2 it the West Lifayettc B iptist Church His t pi will It St dent Giowth in RcliLun A ^0 cent Iiiinei w ill be soi vc i at ) 30 p m ADVISOR
forlNSm^rtONi f^rSNnnTAmmNT TorAMUSSMENT >
' I Start the New Year Right by Joining the Book-of-the-Month Club w\mm BOOK«[ Across from the Union Building M. C., “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
In this holiday season, the MEMORIAL UNION wants to take this opportunity to wish each of you the very best that 1944 can offer. JhsL fflllhdlUL WbimifuaL lAniofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
!■
E S p I
m