THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Rain changing to snow today; severe cold wave tonight.
IHirdue Exponent
SATOBDAY FelmioiylLlSSd l.cdkiyett«« IndUma VoL 50 No. Ill
Z.18S
Emrick Announces 2nd Gala Welcome Lambertmen To Face mini Tonight
Semester Band Officers Prof. P. S. “Spots” Emrick, director of the military bands, «^nnounces the appointments of commissioned and non-com-missioned officers to the band staff for the present semester. The following men were chosen for their respective posts because of their musical ability, length of service, and executive ability in various types of work which are necessary to the functioning of a military band.
Commissioned Officers
Captain and Military Officer, C. A. Reichelderfer; Bvt. Captain and Publicity Officer, W. H. Smith; 1st Lieut, and Technical Officer, W. H. Deitch; 1st Lieut, and Detail Officer, C. J. Camp; 1st Lieut, and Assistant Director of Military Bands, F. C. Boose; Bvt. 1st Lieut, and Band Adjutant, J. W. Claypool; Bvt. 1st Lieut, and Personnel-Officer, C. A. Heidbreder; 2nd Lieut, and Senior Military Officer, J. L. Wackleinan; 2nd Lieut, and Supply Officer,
H. L. Minkler.
Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and Concert Meister, J. N. Tait; Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and Junior Military Officer, R. W. Bonner; Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and Band Librarian, J. T. Agnew.... Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and Assistant Detail Officer,
V. T. Hitchcock.
Non-Commissioned Officers Master Sergeant and Assistant Technical Officer, J. 0. Ballard; Sergeant and Assistant Supply Officer, R. A. Krull; Sergeant and Principal Drum Major, M. H. Smith; Sergeant and Assistant to Band Adjutant, J. E. Crim; Sergeant and Assistant to Publicity Officer, H.
F. Schntte.
1st Sergeant, in charge of all details, H. A. Todd; Sergeant, in charge of Equipment Detail, I. R. Dudley; Sergeant, in charge of Chair and Rack Detail, P. E. Hassler; Sergeant, in charge of Music Detail, J. R. Newgard; Sergeant, in charge of Quarters Detail, R. A. Hogue; Corporal of the Equipment Detail, H. P. Wentling; Corporal of the Chair and Rack Detail, G. W. Ely; Corporal of the Music Detail, A. L. Clifford; Corporal of the Quarters Detail, R. W. Bond. Corporal of the Supply Detail, W. V. Fitzsimmons; Corporal in charge of percussion and Big Drum, C. R. Watson; Corporal and Assistant Drum Major, V. D. Hilt; Corporal of Publicity, N. B. Carson; Principal Field Trumpeter, R. A. Hogue; First Field Trumpeter, L. W. Mayhak; Second'Field Trumpeter, D. J. Wheeler; Third Field Trumpeter, R. W. Bond.
Cozy Atmosphere To Greet Dancers At PIA Tea Dance In Faculty Lounge Today To the music of the latest swing recordings, PIA will hold its first tea dance, in a series of seven to be given every two weeks this semester, Saturday afternoon in the Union faculty lounge. Dancing will
be from 3:30 till 6.
This is the first time that the PIA tea dance will be held in the faculty lounge instead of the ballroom, and committee members have promised a cheerful atmosphere with a fire crackling in the fireplace. Dance will be a stag affair and all PIA members will be admitted upon presentation of membership cards, non-members will be charged 10 cents. Co-eds may attend free of charge. Dan Fowler, dance chairman, has announced that a committee .will be on the floor to introduce stags to unescorted co-eds. 400 Couples Attend Inter-Fraternity Ball Approximately 400 coupes swirled and swayed to the sweet swing music of Charlie Agnew and his band at the annual Interfraternity ^Presidents ball in the Union
ballroom last night.
From behind their blue and gold music stands Agnew and the boys gave forth a brand of rhythm that set the fraternity men and their guests a swinging merrily. The decorations followed the fraternity theme with the crests of the fraternities lining the wall while the backdrop depicted the unfurled scroll, with the torch of knowledge on the left and the skull of secrecy
on the right.
Red Maxfield's lllini Band Will Play For Mixer
Red Maxfield, who with his trumpet and his lllini band, will furnish the music for the regular mixer in the Union ballroom this evening. Usual 9 to 12 hours and prices of one dollar per couple will prevail. -
Glee Club Appears In Week-End Concerts University Glee Club, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, will appear as the feature entertainment at the Indianapolis Alumni dance at the Indianapolis Athletic-" Club tonight. This program is their second appearance in Indianapolis during the last two days; as they gave a concert yesterday afternoon in Caleb Mills hall, Shortridge High School, under the auspices of the parent teachers association of public school No. 84.
Dr. Thurman Rice To Speak On Marriage Tomorrow At 8 Dr. Thurman Rice, chairman of the Indiana State Board of Health and professor of bacteriology and public health at Indiana University medical "school, will give a 40-min-ute talk on “Looking To>Vard Marriage” in the ballroom at 8 p. m. tomorrow. During the intermission period questions can be written; after which he will give answers. Dr. Rice is widely known as a speaker on marriage subjects before the large high schools and col-
leges over the country.
Planned For Elliott's Return Dinners of welcome for President and Mrs. Edward C. Elliott upon their return to the campus from a five months' absence in the Philippines are being planned by Purdue Women’s Club, University Club, and the Greater Lafayette Cham-
ber of Commerce.
At a dinner next Monday evening, at 7 o’clock in the Union Building, Dr. and Mrs. Elliott vrill be entertained by the Women’s Club, while the Chamber of Commerce banquet will be the following Wednesday in the Union. Monday, February 20, University Club members will play host to the Elliotts at a dinner, also
in the Union.
Judge W. Lynn Parkinson, of the Tippecanoe Circuit Court, will be toastmaster at the Chamber of Commerce banquet Wednesday, at which Herbert H. Horner, retiring president of the Chamber of Commerce, will deliver an address of welcome. In his reply President Elliott is expected to relate some of his observations in Singapore, Bombay, Nice, and other cities which he
visited.
Dinner music will be finished by the University Symphony Orchestra, Robert Phillips directing. There will also be selections by the Glee Club under the direction of A. P. Stewart. The exact time of President Elliott’s arrival is as yet unknown. Thirty-Seven Co-eds Pledge Six Sororities After Informal Rush Thirty-seven co-eds were pledged to six of the seven sororities on the campus during the second semester rush which ended yesterday. The informal rush period opened last Sunday noon, February 5, with informal coke dates, luncheons, and dinners included in the entertain-
ment.
The list of pledges is as follows: Alpha Chi Omega—Mary Jane Dietrich, Lafayette; Lillian Earle, Clifton Springs, N. Y.; Natalie Hawkins, South Bend; Dorothy Jaap, Chicago, 111.; Dorothy Mann, Chrisney; Katherine Murphy, Shelbyville; Beth Partenheimer, Huntingburg; Beverlee Rawlings, New Castle; Lois Simpson, Indianapolis; .loan Weist, Connersville. Alpha Xi Delta—Mary Bailey, Gai’y; Agnes McCullough, Scbttsburg; Marjorie Patrick, West La-^ fayette; Margaret Young, West Lafayette. Chi Omega—Barbara Fellows, Detroit, Mich.; Mary Henry, Gary; Carolyn Kiesling, Logansport; Ruth Lyon, Kenmore, N. Y.; Myra McKee, Charleston, W. Vir.; Eleanor Poor, Etna Green . Kappa Kappa Gamma — rsetty Broyles, Marion; Betty Ann Van Bergen^Evanston, 111.; Phi Mu—Charlotte Metz, Greensburg; Ann Pierce, West Lafayette; Virginia Reed, Kokomo; Mary Beth Sharp, Talbot. Pi Beta Phi—Ruth Blake, South Bend; Janet Craig, Indianapolis; Mary Crane, Rushville; Betty Erick, Fort Wayne; Harriet Forgey, Logansport; Elizabeth Funsett, Noblesville; Mary Jane Herring, Chicago, 111.; Marijean Hutchinson, Oak Park, 111.; Marjorie Kuntz, Lafayette; Dorothy Smiley, Kansas City, Mo.; Mary Jane West, Cincinnati,
Ohio.
Cupid To Hold Sway At WRH Tea Dance WRH will sponsor a Valentine’s Day tea dance this afternoon, from 4 to 7 p. m. The dance will be held in the recreation rooms and is open to the residents and their dates. A buffet supper will be served at 6:16 and 6:45 in both Halls. The committees, headed by Beth Partenheimer, is Barbara Warren, Joyce Sieldon, and Adele Bardach in charge of the decorations.
firrrnlv To Adidrocc ^ *****”**' ^ , . Illinois Captain, Ineligible; Game Will Be Broadcast
Guidance Session Opening Here Today
Guidance committees and officers of the 76 Kiwanis Clubs of the state have been invited to attend the second annual Kiwanis Vocational Guidance Conference which opens here today at noon. Organized by the Vocational Guidance Committee of the Indiana District, the conference is for the purpose of developing more effective guidance through cooperation of Kiwanis clubs and public schools. Following a luncheon at 12 o’clock Prof. Russel Greenly, of the education and applied psychology department, will discuss guidance under the title, “Going Up by Growing
Up.”
Speakers Include Other speakers include C. R. Young, Connor Salem, District Governor; Roy S. Ruckman, Lieutenant Governor; and G. Byerla Newton, chairman of Kiwanis International Vocational Guidance Committee. Byerla will speak on “Kiwanis Clubs At Work in Vocational Guidance.” Conferees will be divided into the four groups for afternoon discussions. Subjects and persons in charge of discussions are as fol-
lows:
“Use of Drama and Motion Pictures in Guidance,” Robert Ross, Monticello, Superintendent of the Schools. “Planning a Vocational Guidance Day”, R. C. Adams, Terre Haute, Principal Gerstmeeyr Technical High School. “What Kiwanis is Doing to Promote Guidance,” Leewell Carpenter, Principal Wabash High School. “Problems in Counselling,” Lloyd Ashby, Richmond, Principal Dennis Jr. High School. Animal Husbandry Staff To Banquet With Hoof-Horns Bieaking away from the annual custom which calls for the knighting of “Sir Loin,” members of the Hoof and Horn Club and the Animal Husbandry staff will ceremoniously commemorate the gift of pork to the American Indian, as the featured entertainment at the Annual Animal Husbandry banquet to be held Tuesday, February 28, according to Prof. C. F. Gobble, in charge of arrangements. In past years the dubbing of “Sir Loin” came to be a definite institutio at the annual get-to-gethers. Each season a champion steer was judged by the AH students, following which a meat demonstration was given, and the resultant beef then solemnly roasted in the best medieval manner. Finally the gustatory delicacy was consumed as the culmination of the ritual. Lamb and Pork on Menu This year, however, in addition to a champion steer (which was recently exhibited at the Livestock International), a hog and lamb will be judged, and both beef and pork will be on the menu at the annual banquet. Consequent with the addition to the menu, the change of program will dispense with the knighting ceremony, and the historical incident which gave pork to the Indians will be dramatized. The story goes back to the Spanish explorer, DeSoto, who it seems, gave America pork as well as horses. Extra Razz Editions Extra copies of the Razz Edition printed for the Ball last night may be purchased at the west desk of the Union as long as the supply
lasts.
PROBABLE LINEUP PURDUE POSITION ILLINOIS Igney F Wardley Fisher F Drish Anderson (C) C Dehner Dickinson G B[andlon Beretta G Sachs OFFICIALS—^Referee, Nick Kearns, DePauI; umpire, John Schommer, Chicago. BROADCAST—WBAA, Purdue; WILL, Champaign, Rl., and
WIND, Gary.
“Piggy” Lambert’s fast-improving basketball team will face Illinois here tonight at 7:30, with the lllini intent on shoving the Boilermakers back into the second division. The game will be the first of a home and home series between the teams.
Illinois was responsible for one of Purdue’s two defeats last year when the lllini five won 51-43 on their own floor. The Suckers were repaid for the unkindness, however, when the Boilermakers pulled their 15 minute “holding” job in the last half of the game here and won
23-13. ( mini Captain Ineligible
Tom Nisbet, Illinois captain, has been declared ineligible because of scholastic difficulties and Bill Hapac, veteran forward, is out with an illness. Hapac may be able to get into part of tonight’s game, but is
definitely not a starter.
Students Cooperate In Drive To Prevent Smallpox Epidemic Close to 1,000 students have been vaccinated for small pox during the past three days by the student health service, according to Dr. Miller last night. Between 400 and 500 students were vaccinated yesterday, which is the record for the
three days.
Both student cases of small pox are doing fine. Bergdolt and Edgerton are out of bed but still enjoying an enforced vacation. Students are cooperating excellently on this emergency measure, but there are still many who have not taken advantage of the free vaccination service from the University. Union Will Sponsor Valentine Tea Dance First tea dance of the new semester sponsored by the Student Union will be the Valentine Day tea dance to be held irt the Union ballroom next Tuesday afternoon from 4 to
5 o’clock.
Recordings by Tommy Dorsey, Benny Goodman, Kay Kyser, Jan Garber, and other popular radio artists will furnish the music. According to Union officials, the dance will be free and everyone is invited
to attend.
Dr. G. D. Scarseth... . . . University research agronomist, addressed the National Turf Conference which was held at Kansas City, Mo., yesterday. The subject on which he spoke was “Tissue Tests for Diagnosing Nutrient Deficiencies in Plants.”
Attended by several hunderd loyal Boilermakers, last night's p^ session opened with the “All-Amer-ican Band” playing “Chicago” followed by “Indiana,” “On Wisetmsin,” and “For The Honor of Old Purdue.” ( Stubby Meier, head cheerleader, led the crowd in the “Purdue Yell” the “Boilermaker Yell” and “Yea Purdue.” Meier expressed the hope that the small crowd would form a cheering nucleus for tonight’s game. Purdue will depend on much the same line-up that began the second semester’s activity with a 39-31 victory over Wisconsin Monday night. Captain Gene Anderson’s return to form after amid-season injury has helped smooth some of the rough spots in the Boilermaker works and has increased the Purdue scoring power enough to make the team a serious obstacle to any school. Radio Schedules Unfortunate supporters of the Gold and Black who have been denied the privilege of witnessing tonight’s hardwood clash between Purdue and Illinois because of the ticket sell-out may still follow the progress of the game over the air. In addition to the radio stations of the two universities, WBAA, Lafayette, and WILL, Champaign, HI., the game will be broadcast direct from the Fieldhouse by WIND, Gary.
Miller's Muside WinsJ[Fifth Prize
By Paul Ganzar, Jr. Doc Miller, campus dissector and successful fisherman, is no longer considered an amateur angler, but a famed professional. During the summer. Doc went to Lake Quill in Canada for one of his fishing expeditions, and as you all probably know, caught one of the largest muskies ever seen in that vicinity. His prize was entered in the National Sportsman — Hunting and Fishing Magazine contest, where it stood a good chance of coming out on top. Places Fifth According to the latest reports from Doc Miller, he received a letter last Tuesday from the National Sportsman Magazine, stating that he had won fifth place in competition with the leading fishermen of the United States and Canada. His reward will be a trophy cup and recognition in the national magazine. No Amateur Although he had never taken much much interest in fishing. Doc has no alternative now. He has received innumerable gifts from the leading merchants of this town in i-ecogni-tion of his spectacular feat—^reels.
rods, lines, and other fishing paraphernalia. When asked how he felt about the whole thing. Doc replied enthusiastically. “I went fishing for only a few days with a cheap rod when I felt like catching them. The muskie seems to have changed everjrthing now. I guess I’m not considered an amateur now; I’m a champion. If anyone still wants to see that fish it’s in Gullion’s.” Doc Miller is the first person connected with the University who has ever won national recognition in the field of outdoor activity such as fishing. Among the hundrads of thousands of fishermen in the U. S. and Canada, he has been placed fifth in the Muskellimge series. Fisherman? Speaking from the viewpoint of a fisherman, one can say that an hour fight with a 42 pound fish is no light woi-kout. Pulling a fighting Ifi pound fish from the water during one minute is equivalent to lifting a 150 pound weight one foot. Using pliysics and math, and maybe a Ut* tie mechanics, you can %ure out for yourselves what “Champ** Miller had to go through.• * £diiifuaL tiE wjhdue ejcponent ^oahtheA
Saturday# February 11# 193d
Compuismy Attendance
Even though the majority of American (colleges and universities still compel attendance at class in varying de^ees, the Student Opinion Surveys shows that most students object to the rule. Tabulations of a recent release indicate that college men and women, who are the ones most vitally concerned with the class attendance question, favor abolition of the nationwide rule but have no voice in the matter.
the Purdue Exponent
There is nothing worthy of complaint in the faculty imposed rule, nor is the fact that students have to submit to the ordinance in any way extraordinary. The service American institutions of higher learning render the youth of the nation cannot be estimated. So great is the stimulus that is given to an everspreading culture and democratic thought that the rules laid down can hardly be questioned.
There was a time when students dictated the policies of the universities they attended, when they hired the professors they wanted and demanded the courses in which they were interested. But that time is in the near forgotten past. It was on the European continent when advanced institutions were just beginning to take root that lovers of education petitioned the famous teachers of the day to instruct them. Out of this informal arrangement evolved the present university, where ambitious youth does not have to pay fabulous prices to hire brilliant tutors.
Now, his education is presented to him on the small pay plan. He and hundreds of his fellows are each assessed a general fee, the proceeds of which goes to defray greater expenses than were incurred under the early European system. But, now, under our system, the benefits to the individual aye greater than the amount paid. The twentieth century student, has men instructing him who are on a par with the tutors of old. And he pays less under the community plan of education.
Entered as second elus matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConfcreSB of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postaKe provided for in section 1103, act of October S, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Pubiished daily except Monday durtnc the regular academic year and weekly duriny the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail snbscription $||.60.
Editpr-In-Chief... Business Manager
............K, L. R. R. Hensler
PUBUCATION STAFF Manadny EWtor ^ L. S. Hardin City Editor P, A* PoUey Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. O. Houston, BL. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. 6. Terrio, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
.Assistant Business Manager..
•Jff. C. ReoYM . |1. Ahtohini
Local Advertisins Manaker..! —...
Circulation Manager ..J!W. P. Berg Sales Manager... : ^ Daugherty National Advertising Manager _H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager...„....„.. , W. E. Smith Art Director.. J D. J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor.
.Bally McKee
Associate Editoni...._.._. —- -- Joy Johnson,
Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor. H. L. McDonald
Associate Editors..
..J. A. Hebbeler,
R. Jenkins, B. J. Deckard
EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Ex^neht Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792
RBPRKSENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINQ BY
National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative
A20 Madison Ave. New YpBK, N. Y. CHiCAso ’ Boston ■ Los Anoilss - San Francisco
This ne'frapnper is written, edited, and published by nndergyad<h^11n students of Purdue Uaiverslty. Al opinions' in it, dnless otherwise accredited, are student win* ions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official Unlversity viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are writtsp by the editbr-in-diief.
Night Editor—Woodson ' Issue Editor—^Willsey Saturday, February 11, 1939
Can any student be so dull as to object to such benefits? Can any one education bent
deny the right of authorities to levy measures intended for the greater good of the whole, as is the class attendance rule?—Loyola Maroon.
dCeiisAA to the Editor
^J4ini and
By Georgann Schilling
Dear Editor:
Yesterday evening two students lost their home. Their home, an improvised trailer on Wood street, burned completely on the inside while both boys were out working. All belongings, including all clothes, books, household goods, and personal belongings were completely destroyed. Both of these boys are working and earning most of their expenses through school, and this financial loss will probably necessitate both boys leaving school. Joe Clark, sophomore ME, and Leo Nesius, Junior Science, are the boys. Joe Clark works part time in the Union as a barber. Leo Nesius sells suits and works on the NYA or anything that comes along. Arrangements have been made with the main Union desk to receive any contributions that Purdue students and faculty members in sympathy with their situation might wish to make. Any contributions, no matter how small to us as individuals, will add up to help these boy re-establish themselves and continue in school. ,
Decorations deluxe, light and shadow, secret emblems symbolic of the present day Greek organization’s attejnpte to keep alive the myths of the Greeks- of old—^these were our ramblipg first thoughts on the Interfraternity Ball. Because of the smooth music, the dancing couples, and the clever decorations, we found ourselves quite in the spirit of the affair. Union vicepresident Dick DeMar apd his helpers deserve much praise for their originality in designing both the backdrop and the side wall decorations for this glamorous dance.
hers of imports present at the ball. Funny, it seems to us that the number of gals ipiported for dances increases every year. Maybe we just didn’t notice things like that when we were freshmen. Anyhow, the lads really did themselves up proud in selecting their escorts for the evening. —H-H—
Tonight the Pi Kappa Phi’s will keep the social ball rolling with a dance at the chapter house. Harry McCrady.’s band will furnish the downbeat. And Red Maxfield Will preside over the mixer music inthe ballroom after the basketball game. Also, don’t neglect the PIA Valentine tea dance this afteraoon in your ramblings around. And you might drop in on Campus Varieties in rooms 1 and 2 between two and three o’clock. Yes, we think youfil manage to keep from being bored!
-H-H—
—H-H—
Did you find yourself very curious about the fraternity emblems displayed in the ballroom? We did. And we also noticed great num-
Signed H. D. Po^e, Junior EE C. C. Hyde, Sophomore ME
TODAY THRU SAT.
— andWIPING OUT RACKETEERS!
'Icing . william lundigan - 'CONSTANCE MOORE . LARRY BLAKE J.FARRELL Macdonald . DAVID OLIVER A NSW UNIVERSAL PICTURE
— ALSO — "LOHE ranger/' Serial
SUNDAY-MONDAY
"YOU CANT TAKER IT WITH YOU"
tAARGH OF TIME ^■HTY BOOP# Cartven
— LAST DAY-
RUMANTIC
YOlIRHAND!
CIRCS« u/Hire
with FLORENCE MCE . UNA MERKa ANN RUTHERFORD . MARY HOWARD anil ALAN MARSHAL TAYLOR . EBSEN . RALPH
STARTS TOMORROW
IN recHNICOLOR
TYRONE POWER HENRY FONDA ANCY KELLY INDOLPH SCOTT
p.i^.20thCentury*Fox Picture WSi..
Since we liye ii^ spite of things instead of because of them, it is probably safe to tell this little episode—although it does have a tragic ending. It seeips that a friend of ours was given 46 minutes in his English class to write a theme on a sporting event. He sat for 40 minutes trying to get an inspiration. No go! Then in the last five ipiiiutes he scribbled, “Rain. No Game.’’ Now be gets to go in after school and write a 6000 word theme. The lucky fellow.
an
d
Special flash ... At approximately five-twenty last night Sully (Pretty Boy) Mason finally succeeded in getting a date for the interfraternity .,. Whatsa matter. Sully, is your stock slippin’ or was it just a piece of bad luck? ? ? ? , —B-B—
Now that Pat Wade has left Purdue, it hasn’t taken Paul Bergamm long to forget her. He now spends his time and money guzzling cokes with Mary Jordan and Doris Martin. Just a hit of advice, Paul. . . Stay away from that Pi Phi... she’s been tied up for someone else! -^-B—
Who knows the answer to this? Why are Dick Dudley, Joe Ashauer, and Phil Horton called the three darlings from the East side? ? It sounds like a bit of subtle irony. —B-B—
Bubbles Tyrone Baker is actually dying for a date to Women’s Pan Hell . . . Maybe if some gM, just anyone, springs the question, he’ll get that “Long Dog” look off of his pan ... Speaking of Figfi’s Potter has ahig interest in a Dotty Miller’s possible pin merging. Just who is she carrying the torch for ? ? —B-B—
Stuffy Smith is higher than i a kite . . . drunk with love or something, ^e’f dated Ellen Kepner for Pan Hell, Interfraternity and the coming Phi Gam formal. Don’t you know, Stuffy, that variety is the spice of life ? ? —B-B—
Remember the guy who had to pay off a bet by kissing the first girl who passed by Heavilon Hall yesterday at 12:46? The loser, Bob Short, seemed very disappointed with the outcome ... Quote: “This was the first girl I have ever kissed
LU^
— LAST DAY—
CHARLES STARRETT — in — 'WEST OF SANTE FE' . — and — HENRY ARMETTA
■ in ■
"ROAD DEMON'
SUNDAY-MONDAY
DEANNE DURBIN MELVYN DOUGLAS
'THAT CERTAIN AGE'
Mxid
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30
Wild! Weiid!
Wondeiful!
The ape-like creature as big as a battleship... holding in his hand a trembling girl... raging through the sUeeis, smashing autos# crashing walls, snatching irplanes from the sky!
FAY WRAY • ROBERT ARMSTRONG •BRUCE CABOT
THDA Y cUiRE TREVOR in "BIG town GIRL' PLUS —"I STAND ACCUSED"
Something must be done about that beautiful gal posin’ by the Swept Shop door ... pptty gin^t got nothing on Marge Deitrich when it comes to drawing smoptl?ies. Charlie I^eeves is ready .to Ifiairy the bit of charm (the picture, we mean). So are a number of other Joes. Charlie says, “Come around and I’ll tell you something about this thing called love.” —B-B—
■I’m afraid I can’t fill ^your prescription till after the noon rush, Mr. Crowell!’’
on this campus, and confidentially, I don’t think th^Purdne co-eds are so hot.” All we can say, Bob, is you’re missin’ a swell part of your college education! Maybe you just haven’t met the right co-ed!
Cooper Union Librarian
-B-B—
Woman hater Dodo Wildhack has decided to definitely be a hermit... he has learned his one big lesson. You always get burnt when you play with fire!
The appointment of Maurice Smith, spn of Dr. Z. M. Snuth, of the University staff and State boys’ and girls’ club vrork leader, as acting librarian of Cooper Union, New York, was announced by Dr. Edwin S. Burdell, director, of the Union.
You hoys who didn’t get picked up by the WRH gals for the tea dance today may find solace by attending the PIA dance.
Smith received the degree of bachelor of library science from the school of library service at Coliimbia University in June, 1936 after attending Purdue from 1922 to 1924.
-^B-B-
Last minute advice: Remember, all that glitters is not gold!
City planning is now offered Connecticut College students in a special course called “civic art.”
TmAY only
t ON THE SCREEN • Trailing q mystery so bewildering it has to be solved twice I
• ADMISSION ALL SEATS 25c
11:30 to 1:00 (
ALL SEATS 30c
1:00 to 2:00
2:00 P. M .TO CLOSING
MEW YORK
MAIN FLOOR BALCONY CHILDREN, ALL DAY
40c 30c 15c
MICHAEL Whalen JEAN ROGERS CHICK CHANDLER A 20th C«ntyry*Fox flctur*
— STAGE SHOWS AT— 1:20 - 3:30 - 5:40 - 7:40 - 10:00
LAST COMPLETE SHQW AT 10:00
-STARTING TOMORROWBING CROSBY iif 'PARIS HONEYMOON'
iUTHE FUBDH^
§ptihtA:
ejtonent
^CBW^BSWWWSBBBSSSB^SSWSSSSiRBwISISS^SWSSwSi!^^^^^^^^^^ Nlermaker Minor Sports Teams Face Ijljtii Squad; Today
Boilermaker minor ^poi^ squads will invade ^hampaign, 111., in a body today to play the Illini squash, table tennis, and badminton tpams. The second squash team will make the trip, while the first string five travel to Evanston, 111., to bqttle the Evanston YMCA. The three teams meeting Illinois will leave at 10 o’clock tomorrow morning from the intramural office, play the matches scheduled at 2 p. m. and be back in Lafayette intime for the basketball game tonigM. Squash Teams Juve, Eberhardt, Jackson, Morley, and Messmore compose the team against Evanston, with Smith, Patrick, Blessing, Fant, and Munro meeting Illinois in squash. Teams from all three of the sports are expected to represent Illinois in rotui^ matches to be held here sometime later in the month.
Ineligible Illini
Newman Students Reopen Activities PirEt Newpian Club meeting of the second semester will be held tomorrow morning at 9:80 in the St. Mary’s Church. Following the services, all Catholic students are invited to attend the breakfast. Entertainment will be provided following the breakfast, after which business will be taken up. Committees will be appointed for the Wabash Valley province cqnvention which Tyi|l lie held |iere April 29-30, and plans for other semester activities will be discussed. The executive and convention committees - urge all Catholic students to attend in order that more suggestions may be offered to promote a better organization for the second semester.
Illinois’ captain whose brilliant performance at guard has been one of the bulwarks of a dangerous Illini hardwood combination, has been declared ineligible and probably will not be able to play when the Boilermakers and Fighting Illini tangle tonight; Dairy Club Eieds Core President; Mather Speaks Bill Core, Ag ’40, was elected president of the Clph by 36 members at a meeting of the club Wednesday evening in Smith Hall. Other newly elected officers were Max Meyers, vice-president; T. H. Blosser, secretary-treasurer; and R, G. Ralston, publicity manager. A. M. Mather, district supervisor of schools in Rhodesia, South Africa, spoke on “Dairying in South Africa.” Mather also spoke before the Riding Club last night.'
Purdue Home Gomes Yet To Be Ployed
ILLINOIS Saturday, Februqiry 11 MICfflOAN Saturday, February 25 INDIANA Monday, February 27 CHICAGO Monday, March 6
PIGGLY WIGGLY
Hqll Of Qhip state M Dehner, l|l|aoi$, Stephens, Iowa; In Big Ten Scoring Ohio State’s Captain Jimmy Hull is still showing the way in scoring after "more than half of the Big Ten games have been completed, with Pick Dehner, Illini center, follow“ing the leader 11 points in the rear. Hull added 21 points to his total over last week-end, seven against Minnesota and 14 against Indiana to bring him up to 102 points for the seven games in which he has ' taken part. His 14.6 average per game will leave him short of Jewell Young’s 184 mark set last year, as Hull would end the season with 174 points at his present rate. Ben Stephens, captain of the Iowa team, has dropped from his high scoring pace of early games, and now holds third place with 77 tallies in the six games played by the
Hawkeyes.
The leading scorers are:
G FG FT TP
Hull, f, 0. State ....7 Dehner, c, Illinois.... 7 Stephens, f, Iowa.... 6 Hapac, f, Illinois .... 6 Addington f, Min 7 Kundla, f, Minn. .... 7 Dick, g, Minn 7 Harmon, f, Mich 6 Stampf, f, Chic 6 Dupee, f, Wis 6 Sebick c, O. State.... 7
All Schools Participate In Today's Varieties Featuring representatives from each school of the University, this week's Campus Varieties will present a program of vocal selections and specialties -with music furnished by Harry McCrady and his orchestra. The program will originate in roopis 1 'qpd 2 of the Union between the hours of 3 and 4 o’clock today. The list of entertainers includes Paul Mitchell, Georgann Schilling, Pat Heine, Martha Lommel, Russ Mock, Verne Droege, and Prank McGrady. The public is invited. PJans are nearing completion for ^he program of February 26, which will be dedicated to Indiana University and will feature Hoagy Car-
michael.
Invpdgis' Cpiadi
42
18
30
31
26
26
26
21
20
16
26
6
21
7
16
16
13
17
14
14
19
4
Veteran coach and producer of some fine Illinois teams, is Dong Mills, who brings his crippled Illini here for the first game of the home and home seri^ between the two schools. ^
WAA News
WBAA
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis L SPERB Mpin
On The Air— “The Voice of Purdue" —Today— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:16—Carolyn Wood, soprano. 11:30—^High School Guest Program. 12:00—Tune Time, Charles Powell. 12:16—The Woman Shopper. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Market Reports. 1:00—^Radio Stage. 1:30—College Caravan. 2:00—Stamp Club. 2:15—Kraft Saxophone Quartette. 2:45—Paul Funk, pianist. 3:00—Cgmpus Vgrietips. 7:16—Purdue vs. Illinois.
KITCHEN
IQUIPMENT
DINING ROOM
FURNITURE
BUY THEM AT
Gl LLESPI E'S
221 COLUMBIA
ST.
PHONE 6405
They're Still TalkingAbout the splendid show the Boilermakers put on Monday nite. We’re looking forward to tonite with great eagerness, so that we may see Purdue climb up one more step in the conference standing. PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama
After You We Come Fir^t Phone 4048
Mat Squad Journeys To Illinois Normal For Meet An inexperienced but strong Boilermaker wrestling squad will journey to Bloomington, 111., this morning, to engage the Illinois Normal grapplers in an effort to omprove their record of two losses and one victory. The Purdue squad won their first match of the season against Armour Tech out successively lost encounters with Northwestern and Chicago. Despite these setbacks to the aspirations of Coach Claude Reeck’s men, they “are set to win” stated several of the sqfiuad yesterday.
1JUJL
WAA’s volleyball tournament ended yesterday afternoon with the completion of a round-robin tournament consisting of six games. The scores are as follows: Sophomores 38, freshmen 15; seniors 40, juniors 32; freshmen 18, juniors 14; sophomores 23, .seniors 19; sophomores 43, juniors 20; freshmen 32, seniors 25. From the players on these class teams, two varsity teams, the gold and black, will be chosen. These teams will play for the WAA open house Friday, February 17.
By Bruce Witwer For the past two years Purdue has been noted for something besides its football and basketball teams, and that one thing is the booing which has been marking our basketball games the climax was' reached last Monday night during the Wisconsin game. —^fc— When Nobe Kizer returned to the campus this year after an absence of two years, he was disagreeably surprised by this condition which confronted him ... we should do all we can to take care of this state of affairs before they coin a new phrase and point us out as the “booing Boilermakers.” —^fc— While booing is admittedly a crowd expression, there is probably only one or two cases each season in intercollegiate athletics where a crowd is justified in expressing itself in this manner ... as it is now, it is a spontaneous disapproval of an act which can be seen to be absolutely right after a moment’s consideration. —^fc— It is thus unsportsmanlike as, it is a voice of criticism against an act which does not merit such a treatment. . . most of the booing is started by some few persons who don’t understand basketball rules and think that the officials are conniving against them . . . then mob psychology dictates a like action to others Tyho join ip. —^fc— Let’s think a Ijttle before giving vent to onr feelings in this manner ... a moment’s thought on the matter usually plainly shows that there is nothing to criticize ... we hope the Illinois game tonight will show that we have nothing more to worry about as far as Purdue sportsmanship goes.
l^6Lop
l^ote6...
Playshop’s ne'^est experiment, a Marionette show, is nearing completion. .Sponsored by Ken Carmichael and Ed Grier an elaborate set for the production of Stevenson’s well known Treasure Island is almost ready for production. Twenty characters and six complete sets will be used in the show, with all vocal parts on phonograph recordings is the result of many months’ preparation. Pour of the sets, the complete stage and lighting arrangement have been completed. Seventy colored lights all on rheostats will be used. Voice tryouts for the scrips will be held in the near future. Recordings will be made by the Speech department. The stage is a miniature of a real stage, 36 inches high, 42 inches wide, and 3 feet deep. White satin curtains will operate as in a real show. Jim Hawkins will carry the lead of the story, with Squire Trelawney,' John Silver, Israel Hand, Capt. Billy Bones, and Ben Gunn, all well known, as the chief supporting characters. Opening scene takes place in the Tap Room of the Admiral Ben Bown Inn, owned by the Hawkins and with Billy Bones as star guest. The other five scenes in order of appearance are Billy Bone’s bedroom, complete with chest and all; wharf at Bristol, England, with the Spy Glass Inn as a background; Deck of ship on the way to Treasure Island; Island, inside the stockade; and finally a section of beach on the island with Ben Gunn’s treasure cave in the background. Marionettes are a completely new addition to campus theatre-goers, and well worth their support.
■'■ii
'N. 'i
Berkheiser will start the attack against the Illinois Normal squad in the 121 pound class. Berkheiser has a record of two victories and one defeat. In the 128 pounders, Allman will defend for the Boilermakers. He has been defeated twice and won one match against Armour Tech. Dix, 136 pounder, was defeated by Chicago in his only match. Terrell, welterweight 145 pound Boilermaker, will grapple at his regular weight. Willey Out Willey, regular Riveter 165 pound contender, hurt his knee in practice so Gossard will replace him in that division. Post at 166 has lost one and won one so he will be trying to break his .500 average. Schreiber will enter the ring at 175 with an unblemished record of no defeats or victories. In the heavyweight division, either Rossi or Aronson, who defeated the Chicago 226 pound heavy, will wrestle for the Gold and Black. Weisman Leads Team InNinfhIntertollegiafe Billiards Tournament Competing in the ninth national inl:ercollegiate tommament, Purdue’s straight rail billiards squad scored 279 points, led by Preston Weisman, in their attempt to gain the Noble E. Kizer cup which denotes supremacy over a hundred other colleges and universities. All the schools are competing at their own tables and telegraphing their reports to Minnesota. Officials there will compile results and announce winners shortly. The players simulated actual playing conditions by means of shot chart diagrams which give 20 different positions from which the five man team members have to make their shots and then continue on to make other points which go into tlie scoring column. ^ Forbes Second High Leading the Boilermakers was Weisman with a total of 87 points followed by Don Forbes with 63 points. J. P. Hope and D. B. Mills trailed closely with 51 points each.. F. W. Taylor sepred 37 points. Both Weisman and Forbes made high run of 10 points apiece. Purdue won the Nobe Kizer Trophy in 1936 but lost it to Cornell, present defending champion. “Pop” Whitney is the Boilermaker coach during the current campaign. Purdue will aim for several more contests in both three-cushion and 14.1 pocket billiards shortly. Next week, the squad will compete in the three cushion meet while two weeks later the second meet will be contested. Purvis Demonstrates Basketball Principles Before WAA Meeting Duane Purvis, asq^istant football coach and former Boilermaker star, demonstrated the principles and the fundamentals of basketball Thursday before 100 girls attending a WAA basketball mass meeting. / Using members of the fi^eshinan basketball team to illustrate his discussion, Purvis spoke of the different types of offense apd defense and explained fouls, though during the demonstration he emphasized good sportsmanship. Mary Ann Reimann presided at the meeting, and Putvis was introduced by WAA President Katherine Merritt. Miss Reimann, head of WAA basketball, annoupc^ tbsrt regular WAA intramural hasksl^wll will start next week, but girls desiring to play'must haye at isa^t one practice before joini^ any team.3bxaL OdA,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TbiicsUL
Saturday'. February 11.1939
Hanley Eliminations For Upperdassmen To Begin Next Month Started three years ago in an effort to stimulate student interest m public speaking, the Third Annual Hanley Speech Contest, upperclassmen’s division, will begin early next month, according to an announcement made yesterday by R. M. Horn of the speech department. “Announcement of the contest is being made early in order that the prospective participants will have ample time for preparation,” said Horn, advisor to the Student Forensic Board which manages the contest and awards the prizes. Dates For Contests Dates for the junior and senior contests have been scheduled as; Junior, preliminary, March 7; finals, March 8. Senior, preliminary, March 27; finals, March 28. The finals for all four class divisions of the contest will be run off on April 18. Begun as the result of a donation in 1936 of $100 to be used as prizes in an engineering speech contest by William Hanley, 1911 University graduate, the contest has been lun annually since. The contest is divided into two divisions, the first being composed of the freshmen and sophomores and run off the first semester; the second division is for upperclassmen and held the second semester. Prizes will consist of a loving cup to the winning freshman speaker an engineering handbook to the winning sophomore, a financial handbook to the junior speaker, and a year’s subscription/to Fortune to the senior winner. JPinal prizes are $50 first and $20 second prize. According to the rules of the contest, the only requisites are that the contestants must be engineers and speak on some phase of economics.
tomorrow
/^l in the /
ed
Central Presbyterian 9:30—Discussion group led by Dr. G. H. Graves. 10:40—Morning Worship. Holy Communion, Westminster House, 129 Sheetz St. 4:00—A meeting will be held for the organization of a student church. 6:00—Student forum. Speaker will be Rev. Wm. J. Ohan of Chicago. His subject will be “Customs ^and Costumes of the Holy Land.” Dr. Ohan lived in Jerusalem for some years and has visited Palestine recently. St. John’s Episcopal 8:00—^Holy Communion. 10:45—Morning prayer and sermon. 6:00—Young People’s Fellowship. West Lafayette Baptist 9:30 — Sunday morning class taught by Dean M. L. Fisher. 10:35—Sunday morning worship. Sermon by Rev. Joseph B. Gleason, “Who Is My Neighbor.” Consecration service for Mr. R. R. Mather. 5:30—Roger Williams Club Social Hour, lunch 10c. 6:30—RWC Discussion Hour. Second discussion by the Pastor on youth and majrriage. Subject is “Who Should You Marry and Where Can You Find the-Right One?” 7:30—Evening worship. Message by Rev. Joseph B. Gleason, “The Hidden Lincoln.” The sermon is in memory of Abraham Lincoln. The Wesley Foundation 8:00—Freshman breakfast. — 9:30—Co-eds “Hosea.” 9:30—Co-eds, “Hosea.” Men’s class, “Am I a Christian?” 10:40—^“The Faith of Lincoln,” Dr. Steele. 6:00 — Fellowship supper in charge of Peggy Messe (15c). 6:30—Epworth League. Panel discussion by Ronald Creek, W. D. McEachron, Charles Feamot, Heidi Poehlman, and Doris Bunnell on “What I Live By.”
CoUeffiatefrom Coast-To-Coast By Joy Johnson MARRIAGE INSURANCE . . . . .. has now been added to the long list of student insurances. It cropped up on the Washington University campus, in St. Louis, Mo., under the name of Enterprises, Inc. They insure students not only for the danger of failure but also insure against taking the fatal step. Beautiful co-eds are turned down as too great risks for the company. It won’t be long now before we have pinpushing insurance, so that when a fellow gets through planting his pin, the insurance will cover the cost of cigars and candy. ABSENT-MINDED . , . . . . professors are taking a riding at Duke University. The student newspaper has started a “Foundation for Absent-Minded Professors.” They immediately made a member one prof who spent a whole hour in lecturing to his senior domestic relations class, on “Evidence,,” a junior class subject. And while the Duke students are snickenng over that little item, we are beginning to wonder if the professor was absent-minded after all, or whether he just knew his domestic relations class, CITY SLICKERS . . . . are hicks, according to Prof. Mark Jefferson of Michigan State Normal College. Says he, “The na-tive-born inhabitant of a country’s metropolis is apt to be narrow and limited. He is the nation’s true provincial in failing to recognize the contributions of the local regions of the land.” IT PAYS . . . . . the fraternities at Worcester Polytechnic Institute to be good. The one that contributes most to the college in its broad program of campus activities will receive the 100 dollars awarded by the Interfraternity Alumni, from the purse of one of the Institute’s trustees. Highest scholarship is also worth a prize too. Alas the joe days of the Polytech boys are over. Altijerg To Talk On Europe At Cosmopolitans' Meeting Prof. V. L. Albjeig of the University history, government, and economics department will address a meeting of the Cosmopolitan Club in the reception room of the Union Thursday evening, February 16, at 7:30 o’clock. Prof. Albjerg’s subject will be “What’s Wrong With Europe.” All those interested in world affairs are invited to attend.
Swing Master To Bring Famed Band To Mars Theater
the Purdue Exponent
Service .
Directory
• Bookstores
• Florists
"DfAC" Everything for c College Education H. G. REISNER
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at^ 7 th Phone 6050
• Locksmith
• Jewelers
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATI SHARPINING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, nioht latches and padlocka. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, ec'essories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phene 2828
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
e Electric Shop
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST n9V^ Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
See Your West Side Contractor For Your Electric Needs. PHONE 5952 BRELSFORD ELECTRIC 213 STATE
George Ade Hits Par On Life's Golf Course George Ade, BS '87, former trustee and co-donor of the Ross-Ade Stadium, celebrated his 73rd birthday at his winter home in Florida Thursday. The old humorist, seemingly reluctant to discuss the anniversary, said, “Well, I guess 73 is just about par on any man’s golf course.”
Fraternity Presidents: Turn in money and unsold Ball tickets to me as soon as possible. (2-10) —MANLOVE.
WAA Basketball: Basketball practice will be held in the Women’s Gym Tuesday, Wedneseday, and Thursday afternoons at 4 p. m. All gfirls desiring to play on teams must have at least one practice. —MERRITT.
Freshman Engineers: Students enrolled in Engineering Lectures (GE 2) report Saturday, February 11, 8 o’clock alphabetically as follows: A-E (inch) lecture room Civil Engineering Building; F-K (incl.) lecture room Shops; L-R (incl) room 264 Kectrical Engineering Building, and S-Z (incl.) room 129 Electrical Engineering Building, —KNAPP.
WAA Members: All girls may pay WAA dues in the WAA office any night next week at 4 p. m. They may also get applications for the WAA Council next Saturday, February 18. Girls who have paid their dues may receive a constitution at any time. WAA membership list will be posted Monday, February 13—girls will please check their names. > —MERRITT.
Purdue Flying Cinb: Members who are not present at the meeting of Thursday, February 16, at 7:30 p. m. in room C iA the Union, and who have not paid their dues to date will be placed on the inactive list. —CHEVEDDEN.
Ag Chem Club: Members who have not paid their dues or money for the picture please call me at 51561 immediately. (2-14) —YALOWITZ.
Classiiked Ads
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, February 14, at 7 :30 p. m in room C of the Union. —MACK.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, February 14, at 7:30 p. m in room 254, EB Building. —BROWN.
WAA-Deck Tennis: The schedule for the deck tennis tournament has been posted on the bulletin board in the women’s gym. Matches should be played off as soon as possible. (2-11) —WALKER.
Modern Dance Group: Rehearsal of entile group Saturday, February 11, in Women’s gym —KNIGHT.
Activities Bureau Sophomores: Any sophomore whether listed in the new committees or not, having questions concerning new assignments see me at once. (2-13) —JACOBSON.
MISCELLANEOUS
Bill Bardo Bill Bardo, internationally famous swing master, is bringing his orchestra and revue to the Mars theatre today for a special one-day engagement. Bardo, who organized his own band in 1936 after Several yeai’s as concert master with the leader George Olsen, is a noted violinist and requires that each of his musicians equal his own capability. This, along with the big-time variety acts he has with him, makes it easy to put on a huge fast-moving show, a treat for all vaudeville level’s. Each man in the band is a showman as well as an instrumentalist and the songs are ably presented by Connie Randall, who dances, and sings ballads and sweet songs; Velma Ray, doing comedy numbers and swing songs; and the Ahne Sisters, four lovelies in close harmony. Other variety acts with the show are: the Hillbilly Quartet, Lumberjack Four, Johnny Cook, ace comedian; the Cornets Trio, Bards of Bardo, Glee Club, and a sizzling unit, the Barrel House Boys. An audience never knows what the Bardo band will do next and it is almost certain that Bardo himself never knows what will happen next. With such an array of entertainers and musicians anything can happen, and it usually does. The scieen attraction for Saturday features the Roving Reporters, Michael Whalen, Jean Rogers and Chic Chandler in the Manhattan murder mystery, “While New York Sleeps.”
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, stendaid and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Mew portable macnlnea as low as $29.76. Supplies. Q. F. Eberaboff, 606 Main street.
PIA Members: All who wish to work on tea dance committee report to Faculty Lounge in the Union Building at 3 p. m. Saturday, February 11 —FOWLER
Gimlet: Dinner meeting at the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house Tuesday, February 14, at 6 ;45 p. m. All members are requested to be present. —SWAN.
STUDY COMMERCIAL ART at the MidWest School of Commercial Art. Night classes, Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Professional instruction. 646% Main St.
ROOMS FOR RENT DOUBLE ROOM for rent one block from campus. 201 Vine St. Phone 81911.
Modern Dance Group; Technical rehearsal at 4 p m. on Monday, Wednesday.a nd Friday in the Women’s gym —KNIGHT.
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday, February 13, in loom F of the Union Building at 8 p. m. / —JACKS.
Exponent Sophomore Co-eds: Will the following attend the Saturday meeting, February 11, or report absences before the meeting: Butz, Briscoe, Burtsfleld, Carroll, Densford, Fink, Johnson, Miller, Pickering, Short, Simpson, Schlitter, Sebast, and Totten. —McKEE.
Notices
Zouaves: There will be a meeting of all members of the Zouave Squad who wish to participate in the drill this semester, Monday, February 13, in the Armory at 4 p. m. —HURST.
Co-ed Exponent Staff: There will tie an Important meeting Saturday afternoon, February 11, at 2 o’clock in room E ot the Union. All freshmen who have work^ this fall and want to continue please be present or report absences to me. —McKEE.
Pi Tau Sigma: Meeting Tuesday, February 14, at 7:30 p. m. in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops. Motion pictures will be shown. All members are urged to attend. —HARVEY.
Sophomore Debris Editorial Workers: Meeting Tuesday, February 4, at 4 p. m —WINTER
WAA Badminton: Tournament entries are posted on bulletin board in women’s gym. First round must be played off by Friday, February 17. —FISHLEIGH.
Registration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during the second semester registration and turned in their time promptly, may get their checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. (2-16) —STONE. ASCE: All members interested in attending the annual meeting of the Indiana Engineering Council at Indianapolfa Saturday, February 11, please contact me at once, Transporation will be provided, and we will return in time for the basketball game that evening.
Your Personal Appearance-
. . . . What is it worth? Far more than you think it is. Keep it attractive by using Crown Cleaning Service Regularly.
^ ImsBm
FINE CLEA'NERS OF FINE CLOTH *ES OFFICE AT TOP pp THE HILL
New York University has instituted three courses in religion to combat the tide of persecutions that “are now common in the dictatorcontrolled nations.”
Point your footsteps toward the EXPONENT—if you want to buy, selL trade, rent, or find anything... You'll find that the classified columns of the PURDUE EXPONENT will bring results.
THE Purdue Exponent , / tfusiness Phone — 5038