' 1
A 0 1 f
ll. ‘
' M ‘'■A
r r
im
Another feig Ifeil dlame iTonighfl A#Mhif Ste^ toirtt*6 Retaining The Net Crown.
Z-185
Founded Ih 18^9
9 Daily Since 1906
Toda/i Enpowiit Imugiir^i atea the Whlgfliig M el Campus Ofiiiiieii ^ FSage 4« I niiriniirtff
Volume 52# No^ 114
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sohnrdoy, Febrmtijr IS, 1941
?■
Orient Fears Japan Fleet Movements Ambassador Nomura Seeks U. S. Confidence By Edgar Ansel Mowrer Speciial BJapatoh frbih Staff Corr^pond^nt. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Washington, Peb. 14.—Cries of alarm from Australia, the Dutch Indies, Singapore and Shanghai lead many prominent members of this administration to believe that the long-anraited Japanese drive toward empire (or kingdom-come) is now only a matter of hours or days. The Japanese Fleet, having secured sure achorage in Camranh and Saigon, is ready to make a drive southward at a moment’s notice. Dispatches from the Far East speak of troop ships waiting at Hainan Island and concentrations of soldiers. And with Adm. Kichisabura Nomura in Washington as ambassador, the stage seems to be set for the big drive, With Dutch Borneo as the probable first objective—^almost within waving distance of an American naval base. Nomura’s Job To Lull U. S. Adm. Nomura has come to this country to convince our people that Japanese ambitions are moderate and reasonable and that even if they are not, their fulfilment cannot conceivably jeopardize any vital American interests. The best students of Far Eastern affairs believe that neither idea is true. But it is Nomura's task to get them believed— at least until Japan can get away with the next big grab, that should also mark the downfall of the British Empire. ^ But, just as the Germans made a mistake in believing that the British would allow them to seize Poland, the Japanese seem to be making a mistake concerning American indifference to their playing Germany’s game in the Par !East. Secret Service The Japanese secret service must TcnoW that in the last few days the American and British governments (Continued on page 2)
Maiiin PlayH For Tonight's Union Mixer Bill Martin and his orchestra will provide the music for tonight’s “joe dance’’ and “swirig session.’’ This will take the place of the usual Saturday night mixer. The “swing session” begins at seven and is free to all students. Martin will direct his band in this special program. This is the first swing session for this semester, but more will follow. Joe Dance At 9 Beginning at nine o’clock a joe dance will be in order in the Ballroom. The co-eds may wear saddle shoes, sweaters and skirts—^in fact
Already this year sixty companies have had their personnel men on th6 campus t6 interview prospective graduates in regard to employment. They have taken as high as twenty men apiece and one company made offers to 62 senior engineers. Speeia]} Courses In Ordeiv to meet this shortage and help train the men needed for <l^en8e industries, engineerihg c61legbs all Over the country are Setting up special training courses tat men in industry, to be given either on the campus or in connection with industries. The special work has aliread;^ been launched ih Indiana with several hundred industrial workers enrolled in courses to make theih more Valuable in thh defensa
program.
Prof. J. At Northcott ol Notre Dame UniverSrtV is organising sdcb courses in Sohth Bend and vidinity; Prod. Carl Wischmeyer of Pose Polytechnic Institute is forthing sudh groups in Terre Haute and nearby cities, and Pta£^C. W. Beese, head of the Department of General Engineering at Purdue, is organising the courses here and elsewhere
oVar the state.
Classes
iV-of. Beese reported today that claeaek in machlbd design, electrical
Crippled Riveters Engage Ohio State At Columbus; Blanken Possible Starter
Bill Martin any informal wear, rather than the usual mixer attire. Heading the list of vocalists is Jean Skinner, whose sweet songs are well known. Bob Reed will be the male vocalist besides blowing some hot numbers with his tenor saxaphone. Co-starring with Bob will be Eddie Loveless of the Kappa Sigs, whose voice has been heard previously from the Union bandstand. Free Swing Session After the swing session, the final results of the basketball game will be posted in the East Faculty lounge. The swing session will be free, but the usual dollar will prevail at the mixer. e.w.n.
Greens Managers To Discuss Course And Turf Problems Problems of turf culture and golf course management will bring men of national reputation to the campus on February 25 and 26 for a two day short course being sponsored by the Division of Physical Education. During the two days, greens officials will hear Dr. John Monteith, Jr., of the United States Golf Association; O. J. Noer of the Milwaukee Sewage Comission; O. C. Lee, University botanist; and W. H. Diddel of Indianapolis discuss the problems of fertilization of greens and the essentials of the golf course. Registration for the short course will begin on Tuesday, February 25, at 10:00 a. m. on the second floor of the Union Building. A fee of two dollars will be charged to cover part of the cost of the program p e.b. Smith Will Discuss
Shortage Of Trained Engineers Delays National Defense Production Program Although 12,000 men will be graduated from engineering schools this year, this number will not begin to meet the national demands. According to Dean Potter, head of the engineering schools, the shortage is responsible for much of the
delay in defense work.
design, and metallurgy have been formed at Logansport with a total enrollment of 60; a class of 50 in metallurgy at Muncie; a class of 68 in electronics at Fort Wayne; classes in production supervision, metallurgy, tool design, and drafting with an enrollment of 84 in Lafayette; classes in metallurgy, tool nnd machine design at Valparaiso With an enrollment of 55; a class of 25 in drafting at Marion, and classes in both machine and tool design at Richmond with a total enrollment of 60. Other Classes Other classes are being started at Anderson, East Chicago, EvafisVille^ Newcastle, Gary, Hummond, HnntIngtoh, tndianapelie, Kokomo, iMichl^ah City, and seVeral t>ther cehters. iFVictory executives are aidihg iA the program ahd iA AdditloA t6 the subjects nhmed speeiAi voArsee win be given f<^ ntdio operators aAd electricians, squadron engineering officers for the air corps and in certain allied fields. The courses, which are gdven one or two evenings a Week, last froiA 6 to 20 weeks. They are planned especially for men in industry but are ggen to tohm u wdlf they are being oiganized on an industrial basis.
At Convo Tuesday Carleton Smith, music editor of Coronet and Esquire, will discuss the current BMI-ASCAP disqute at a special convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall Tuesday evening at 7:30 o’clock. The program is presented by Tau Kappa Alpha, forensic honorary, WBAA and the University musical organizations. Titling his address “The Great Discord,” Smith will explain the ra-dio-composer controversy that on the first of January resulted in banishing from the broadcast networks a large part of the popular music of the day. Smith has spent six months of each of the last eight years traveling in Europe, Asia and South America, where he has used music as a key to meet informally Hitler, Churchill, Molotov, Mussolini and Vargas. He is now on tour lecturing on current events, music, and the relation between the two. This convocation is one of those regularly presented by Tau Kappa Alpha. Student musical orguAiza>tions lami WBAA have joined with the forensic group in presenting this lecture on the currently interesting squabble. An open forum will follow the talk. All students are invited to come, j.h.a. SCA Dances To Music OflrvGivenTonigMIh North Union Ballroom Over 260 members of the Student Co-operative AssodatiuA UAd their dates wifi dancO to Gle ipusic of Irv Given aAd his xs&AlpAls buAd at the organization’s anAtol iAformal dance toA%ht at 6’dlock iA the North ballroOiA 'tiiAiOit. This dance is ufieA aAbr to hers of SCA. ^e cdSt of thO affair is covered by the social fees paid by the members of each house at the beginAing of the year. The ijrnioA workers hav0t>i'upared an ice blue backdrop displaying the hrord, “CO-OP,” in Silver. The blade shielded crest of the association. Containing the twin pine trees enclosed in a drcle with the initials in silver, forms the centerp^ece^olr the backdrop. d.t.b.
•M-db-From All Fronts-d-^ Today's Summary Of War News
ro ChlcMto Dally News Foreiiitn Service. OopTTlSht. 1940. ChlcaBo Dally News, Ine. • Great Air Battle In Channel An air battle “comparable in scale to the great plane engagement of last September” was found yesterday in the English Channel region. It flared up on both sides of the Straits of Dover, apparently touched off by a new British sweep of the French invasion coast. • Jap Drive For Empire? “The long-awaited Japanese drive toward empire (or kingdom come) IS now only a matter of hours or days,” in the opinion of many Washington leaders, writes Edgar Ansel Mowrer, The opinion coincides with alarm, in Australia, the Dutch Indies, Singapore and Shanhai. ... • Anzacs Carry War In East “Australia is playing an important part in the war. against Germany and Italy and will play an even more important role if Japan actively wages war on the side of the Axis,” writes Carroll Binder, who has just returned from the Antipodes. ■■ ^ • Yugoslavs Pressed By Nazis Yugoslavia is being pressed by Germany to open to Nazi troops the Varder River road to Greece and the eastern Mediterranean, according to reports from Belgrade. The Yugoslav premier and foreign minister are conferring in Germany with high officials of the Reich, including Hitler. • British Cut Non-Eksentials “Nearly 18 months after the war’s beginning,” cables William H. Stonerakn, “the British government IS now taking drastic steps to ciS;.. out excess production of non-essen-tials and to shift the manpower and womanpower, thus released, into the armaments industry.” • Petain Returns To Vichy Marshal Petain has returned to Vichy from his interview with Gen. Franco, radios Paul Ghali, and Prance is cheered by the belief that she once more holds a etrong card in the European bridge game. That card IS Gen. Weygand’s in North Africa. ... • Parachutists In Italy British parachutists have been dropped in Southern Italy in an apparent attempt to cut communications, Rome reports. All were declared captured. One objective may have been the great Appulian Aqueduct. London denies knowledge -of the Attack. Dr, Gi/breth Opens Extendi Lecture tmir In Chicago Dr. Ltllian if. Gilbreth, professor of manA|g(eAieAt of the schools of enginbAriAg, launched an extended kchefinie lectnre engagements Yesterday as she Spoke before the AniericaA iSlaAi^Aient Association personnel co^ffereAce in Chicago. Gfibtolili ^hilll lecture to the l^tAt xdi ^e American Association of University Wiftmen, Flint, Mich., today, and visit University o^ Michigan tomorrow. OA Monday she will lecture at Madison, Wisconsin, and on Tues^y make an appearance in Milwaukee. She wifi return to the cAiAtmh next Wednesday before leaving foi* the East to begin a series <ff lectures and committee meetln|b col February 28 that will continue until the end of the month. h.g.d.
igney On Shelf As Champions Fight To Remain In Title Picture
By Ed Young PROBABLE LINE-UPS
PURDUE Position Sprowi JP Riley J .... Blanken of Neutfcel C. Blemker ..G. Caress G.
Broadcast—^WBAA
OHIO STATE Fisher
MeLam Jofgenson DawsOB Gecowets
Frosty Sprowi
In one of those “do or die” efforts the Boilermakers take thfe floor tonight against an up and down Ohio State team at Co^ luhibus. Still very much pennaht-minded, the Riveters must capture this contest, as they have already dropped two. Wisconsin and Indiana have each lost but one, hence a defeat at Columbus tonight would very nearly end the Riveters* titlS
aspirations.
. In this crucial test, the champions
find themselves seriously handicai)ped because of injuries and CoacA Ward Lambert may present a patched-up lineup at tonight’s tipoff. Don Blanken, high-scoring pivot star, engaged in a light workout Thursday afternoon and may
see some action.
Can Igney?
His companion in misery. Captain Bob Igney, also appeared at Thursday’s session, but it is extremely unlikely that he will be used except for a brief period. Sophomore Bob Riley, who has come along rapidly in the past three weeks, wifi probably fill in for Igney at for-
ward.
Just who will take Blanken’s place is the question. EiiAer Fred Krampe or Ben Korschot wifi probably get the nod in case ambidextrous Don is imable'to answer the opening whistle. However, Blanken IS one of the classi^l^lperformers to be found on the coRegiate hardwood, and replacing him id no mc^ task. I Personnel Frosty Sprowi will be at one ferward, and Charlie Caress anff Don Blemker will take over gtmd posts. Also making the trip WerU Don Adams, Johnny Conrad, George Fields, Tom Kieffer, Paid and Cecil Polk. This game is figured to be <me of the Riveters’ toughest hutdleSL because the Ohio State club ts dne of these “home” teams. Thei^ is much evidence to back xsp this Mea also. Indiana, for example, has found the going awfaBy toi^h. They haven’t beaten the Bucks at Columbus since 1930. Key Man Due to a disastrous read trip, the (Continued On page 2)
Heligious Group Discusses Peace At Meeting Yesterday
A meeting of the Purdue Relig-
ious Council was held yesterday afternoon in room 68 of the Union. Dale Moffet was in charge of the program, which included discussions of the present-day peace movement, and the procedures of non-violent direct action as proposed
by Krishnalal Shridharani.
Officers Enrolled In UnWershy Training Course; Study Traffic Handling Methods
By Art Hunter “Hey, buddy, pull over to the curb!” Such might be your introduction to one of the officers noW Unrolled in a ten weeks trainii^ course, conducted by the UAiversity Public Service Saj^ty Inaiitute, designed to bring our law entoteement agendas np-to-ffata in Ridr traffic handling methods, tittle WUte Slipi “But, oMi»r, X wAsA’t ddng a bit over idxip’&w,” yoA gaieteet aa a Aeat white Sl^ is placed in yc^ur hand, very hfformative as to yejBi thereabouts at trii A’clock ch Monday next. To be Ihe unforiAuite Victim of Such ruthless effideAoy is discouraging, nA end. Naturally Wonder what has brought aboUl hew era of trafile eoAtrri. One aAswer Might bd ihii the Ijniversity Safety Institute, <m-op-drating with the Indiana State PoBce, hhs Infidated pdlcd sehoOilh in five kdy cities in noriheiA XAdiana. Bnder the direction of i, L. lingo, safety spedafist on the Univanito
staff and Sergeant Paul Beverfor* den of the State Roltcei, the trainmi^ course will cover every subject ttoxh the most modem and painlesa means of issuing tickets to *41 glamor gats to the safest methods cd baiting criminals. According to rapid tost mlihito calettlations, the gentormea tovi emrofied numbeir InclA^fiag tIMea
to pick ap the totest in aedde^lnt^tigating^ ttaMe huti^QI^
aeddents. Mr. lingo has
p nrauaa. W ffiWWh during tto smhiiAm to five inffiana cities, aAd that hpedifi tsousMi sw tnniQ xwem wmji loon be opemd to * to# tol larger dMes toxeAghwAt tto Wto So, you caA see, we poor mlMri iris baven*t a dMmee^ Th!rir^ltt fofi us conutt* and gdn\ Bewara there’s gomm be amanp <haia|ali madel a.piu'> ?
WIBMIillip^ f-t ,!^
W'
fia^ 2-7lmiu
Saturd(xy« February 15, 1941
fiwtdusL £xpotuiidL
UniversitY Creamery Modelers Produce Variety Of Artistic Effects In Ice Cream
By Mary Lou Losey Everyone who has visited Smith Hall on a warm spring day and has come away carrying a mountainous ice cream cone knows that the University produces ice cream fit for the goda—and very, very delectable to common ordinary students. However the number of shapes and forms into which ice cream can be converted is known only to Francis Roberts, foreman of the University Creamery; he says he can make up any form or design that anyone can imagine. Some of the common ice cream concoctions are roses, snowmen, rabbits, cannons, a realistic corsage bouquet, colonial dolls, and individual fruits. A real treat for the artistic sense as well as for the appetite is the large flower basket. Flowers of all shades reside in a basket designed with lady fingers. The ice cream used has a French vanilla base; the ices have a lime ice base. Spumonia, a mixture of chocolate and strawberry, is often used. The flowers are colored by spraying with colored ice cream mix. Ice cream pies of any flavor such
UffiffifSItt Starts TOMORROW HOW to WOO AN UNEISSED BRIBE'
Heavenly Hedyl Romantic Jimmy I Together... in a romantic escapade!
as strawberry, cherry, or pineapple are nothing unusual for the amazing Mr. Roberts. Cakes are often on order and are embellished with anything from “Happy Birthday” to roses. Lots Of Molds A dozen to 300 molds a day are produced in a small room equipped with paint brushes as well as modern kitchen utensils. There is also a supply of leaves, stems, dolls, and flags kept on reserve for trimming purposes. Another novelty is the life size, creamery produced watermelon that would make any little darky’s mouth water. There are even seeds sprinkled abundantly throughout the melon. These are made by pouring melted chocolate into small holes. University Band Presents Program At Monticetto Residents of Monticello and vicinity heard a concert by the 80piece University Symphonic Band under the baton of “Spots” Emrick at the Roosevelt High School Auditorium last night. The program was sponsored by the school’s senior class. A varied program of concert marches, overtures, and a Strauss waltz was featured. A specialty number, “Triplets of the Finest,” was played by Captain P. E. Hassler, Lieut. D. Haines, and Corporal F. Hemler. w.e.r. Pi Kappa Alpha . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Robert P. Cameron, Hattiesburg, Miss., and Henry C. Littell, New Canaan, Conn.
$Ti«imRr iaiIrr
with IAN HUNTER [VERREE TEASDALE D0NALD.MEM -LAST TIMES TODAY—
tliiipiiivi
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
ALSO
'WINNERS OF THE WEST' First Chapter
— SUNDAY-MONDAY ■ SHOOTING HIGH BLONDIE HAS SERVANT TROUBLE ALL COLOR RHAPSODY
A tpedi against the sky...oa Sierra’s topmost crag! That’s *Mad Dog’ Earie^ killer, farm^, and, in his heart, poet! He waifs for deathj>nl
»M AUM CnHS * ARTHUR KENNEDY JOAN inUOI*HEMRY iiUU*liBNRY TRAVERS
9n, JhsL QhwuJfUibu
Methodist- Students 8:00 a. m.—^Breakfast of the Finance Committee. 9:30 a. m.—Sunday School Co-ed Class: Beginning series on the Life of Christ. Men’s Student Class: “The Place of Religion in the Life of a Student” Dean V. C. Freeman. 10:40 a.m.—Dr. Steele will preach. 6:00 p. m.—Fellowship Hour in charge of Eileen Carpenter. 6:30 p. m.—^Wesley Forum. “Purdue Students in Wartime”—Dean M. L. Fisher. 7:15 p. m.—Worship Service led by students.
Crippled Riveters... Qo-ed Beauty Queen, Court Of Attendants,
Preside Over Conference Indoor Meet
(Continued from page 1)
Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church. Corner Columbia and Chauncey sts. Joseph Baird Gleason, pastor of Students 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club Class, Prof. Ted Noss, teacher. 10:30 a. m.—Church Worship. Sermon, “The Pine Art of Brotherhood.” 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Social Hour and lunch. 6:30 p. m.—Discussion Hour — “Panel on Adjustments in Marriage.” Those on the Panel will be J. B. Gleason, Mary Bailey, Marylin Lepley, Qirntin File, Harold Montgomery and Kate Bennett. In the Morning Service the choir will sing “Negro Spirituals.”
University Presbyterian Church Sunday, February 16 North Street at Grant Street Dr. John W. Findley, Pastor and Director of the'Westminster Foundation. 9:30 a. m.—The morning discussion on “Christianity and Democracy” will continue under the leadership of Dr. Graves. 10:30 a. m.—Dr. Findley will preach the morning sermon. His topic will be “Getting Along With People.” There will be special music by the student choir. 6:00 p. m.—The Sunday Evening
Buckeyes were counted out of the race, but bounced back Saturday night to trip a favored Iowa team. Perhaps this was due to the return of Gil Mickelson, the team’s captain. Mickelson has yet to play in a losing conference game this year. He played in the team’s first two Big Ten games, both of which were won. An injury benched him as the Bucks left on their road trip, so he missed all of their losing battles. Perhaps the Boilermakers can introduce him to defeat tonight as he will probably start for the host
team.
One of the chief scoring threats of the Ohioans is sharp-shooting Dick Fisher, who is second only to the Badgers’ Gene Englund in conference scoring. He bagged 24 points in one of the Buckeyes’ early loop games. Orient Fears... (Continued from page 1) have been in constant contact and are following Far Eastern affairs together. The President’s statement that war material will flow to Britain even though Japan makes an atttack in the Far East, is taken here to mean that even with weak naval forces, the American Navy can fight a defensive war against Japan in the Far East while reserving the main fleet for use, if necessary, against Germany. Signal for Hitler Attack Conceivably, a Japanese offensive against Borneo would be the signal for Hitler’s all-out attack upon Britain and in one or more places in the Mediterranean. But unless Japan is pretty sure of American immobility, Japan will hesitate to give this signal. For the administration policy that this country will not permit Britain to be defeated applies, it is explained here, to all parts of the globe.
Club will meet for supper. The program during the evening will be under the leadership of the drama committee. This will be a joint meeting of the Presbyterian and Episcopalian students.
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE fiiim
TODAY - Wagons Westward PLUS—ON THE SPOT
Tickets for the Prevue on Sale at 10:30 p. m. Admission on This Picture Nights and Sundays 35c Week Day Matinees 25c (Tax Includedl Children Always 10c
By Ted Clark Pulchritude will have an important plaee in the festivities when the Big Ten Indoor Meet convenes in the huge Boilermaker Fieldhouse during the week-end of March 7 and 8. Since the affair will be held two consecutive evenings, it will take on the general appearance of a carnival. Phillips’ Idea . .
Of course, like all true carnivals, there will be a beauty queen, accompanied, by a court of four attendants, to add the feminine glow —^whatever that is! Herman Phillips, thinly coach, conceived the idea. Perhaps Herm hopes to distract the attention of the visiting athletes by flaunting a beauteous co-ed before them. At any rate each fraternity and sorority will nominate one girl, with residence halls nominating two. 'The PIA will nominate four girls at large and the Student Co-operative Association two girls at large. Athletic Director Mai Elward decided on this system and also chose the committee which will make the final selection. Committee Ted Axton, P-Men’s Club; Bud Taylor, President of SAA; Bob Donahue, Editor-in-chief of the Exponent; Joe Dolan, Sports Editor of the Exponent; Bill Nettler and Bob Colquhoun, senior football managers; Harley Wheeler and Roger Bone, senior track managers; Gil Kegerreis and John Davis, senior baseball managers; Rusty Layson, Student Senate President; Bob Brown, Debris-Editw; Bob Breeden, Debris Business Manager, and Mai Ross, WBAA, will elect the queen. Aside from the comparatively easy job of looking pretty, the lucky lass will have another important duty to perform. She will present a medal to the winner in each event. The lad who comes home in front in his division will be called to the victory platform over a public address system. There he will be decorated for his efforts. This should give at least one co-ed the advantage of reversing the procedure pinned with the fraternity jewelry of some campus romeo. Just Track ’ Th ebasketball floor and all other equipment not pertaining to track will be removed from the Fieldhouse, allowing the dashes, hurdles and field events to be in the middle of the areana. Maroon sawdust will cover the floor and should provide an attractive picture in contrast to the white lines of the track. An American flag 40 feet long will be suspended from the top of the Fieldhouse, fllanked by banners and flags of all schools in the Western Conference. Streamers will extend from the middle of the rafters to the farthermost extremities and should lend an effect of compactness. Bunting and paper *fans will hang from the balconies. Giant Scoreboard A large scoreboard will be con-
LUMA SUN.-MON. —2 HITSI BETTY raVE GRABLE
. OSKIE PATNE W AltEN JENKtNS . ESTHER BALSTON / »t NICHOLAS BROTHERS BEN CARTER
ALSO
MHN UTIL nUDA INtSCORT WUY DAWSON. CtOISIMN BUB Dh«Mi k, D. toss IBDBBtlAN
LAST DAY — 2 HITSI JOHNNY MACK BROWN Nl "Bury Me Not on The Lone Prairie ALSO MARGARET LOCKWOOD IN ^'GIRL IN THE NEWS"
structed in the west end of the Fieldhouse and togeth«f with a public address system will enable everyone to follow the progress of the meet. ' So c’mon you eds, give your nomination to the gal friend—or maybe you’d rather give it to that cute little trick in your Physics lab. And you gals can put in a plug for your sorority sister. Then leave the final selections to the BMOC’s. Let’s show the runners from Northwestern and lU that we have some beautiful girls, too.
When you clink glasses it really means you are trying to determine whether there is poison in your drink. This custom goes back to the days of the Roman gladiators, when wine was offered to each fighter before the battle. The gladiators watched the contents of the two glasses as they were mixed to make sure no “Mickey Finn” was in their glass.
Classified Ads
FOR BAUt Typewriters and adding maebinea, new and used, for sale, rent and repaireiL All makes of portable typewritmrs, $29.76 to $69.50. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 696 Main St. Phone, 2779.
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Scrriee. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2A0 all night. Phone 2407.
Will whoever called concerning lost Cary Club pin please call again. R. C. White, 2437. Reward.
Will person who took blue-grey topcoat from Coulter Hall call Hall, 6294.
Lost: A cameo ring—gold plated—black set (square). Call David Lybrook, 66001.
Notices
Newman Club: Discussion group will meet in room 802 of Union at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, February 19. Rev. Alexis will speak on Chinese customs. —BUERGLER. Reamer Club: All members desiring basketball tickets for Northwestern game should leave only coupons with me or in the PIA box at the east desk of the Union by 11 a. m., Monday, February 17. —GRIFFIN.
Purdue Outing Club: Scavenger Hunt and supper Saturday afternoon February 16. Meet in front of armory at 4 p. m. sharp. For supper reservations, phone Marjorie Ward 41111, or Gail Hennis 2907, by Friday evening. All welcome. —PARKER.
Make-up Examinations in ME Courses: Make-up examinations to remove I and U grades will be given In ME 11, 62 and 68 on Saturday, February 22, at 1 p, m. in rooi^ 301 of Me Building. Those intending to take exams notify me before February 18. —AULT. Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, February IB, by schools as follows; those whose names begin with—A-E, room 101, Michael Golden Shops; F-K, room 254, Electrical Building; L-R, room 121, Electrical Building: S-Z, room 201, Civil Building. —KNAPP. WAA: Meeting Sunday, February 16, at 6 p. m. at the cabin. Th* meeting io" compulsory. —LASWBLL.
Sophomores and Freskmen: General Union call-out Saturday, February 16, at 1 p. m. in the Union office. —HOFFER.
Scrivener: General staff meeting Saturday, February 16, from 1 to 4 p. m. Following people report: Justin, McPherson, Riegle, Waldhauer, Dray. White. Miller, Dunbar, Graves, Allwardt, VWieets and ^ul. —ALEXANDER.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, February 18, at 7:80 p. m. in room 134 of the Electrical Engineering Building. G. K. Miller will speak on “Radio Receiver Detection.” A new treasurer and secretary will be elected. All members are urged to be present. Use north door. —FREED.
Religious Council Members and Others: All persona going to Dayton Retreat leave from the West Side Methodist Church- at 2:80 p. m. Saturday, February 15. Call 4006 before 10 a. m. if reservations have not been made. —BELCHER.
WSSA: Publicity committee meeting in room 68 of the Union Monday, February 17, 4 p. m. —VAN HORN. Christie Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, February 18, 7:30 p. m. in room 802 of the Union. Business meeting for all members will follow. —burroughs. FebruaJ^^"??'®' * P- Monday, - ZUCK. Activity Bureau Sophomores: Meeting in activity bureau offices, Monday, ’February If, at 4 p. m. for committee meetings. —GIMLIN. 1 ® ’ Meeting Sunday, February lb, at 7:80 p. m., room 261 of the Union. —RIEGLE. Wesley Foundation Men’s Club; BasketSaturday afternoon, February 16 at 2:00 in the Fieldhouse on Court 2. ^ —SEARCY.*
mM
fijuJuitUL £xpiHUinL
Saturday, February 15, 1941
14 • s
Riveter
Riveter Gruntmen Meet Strong Wildcat Wrestling Team Today
thietes Advance On Four Fronts Today
Maroon Tankers Make
Seeldn^ their fourth straight win and their second Big Ten victory, the wrestling team will meet the strong Northwestern squad in the Fieldhouse at 2:30 this afternoon. With the season’s standing showing four victories and one defeat, the Riveter squad will meet the Wildcats with revenge in their hearts for the one tie and a loss by two points suffered last year from the Wildcats. '
Irishman's
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
For the Boilermakers, Coach Reeck’s probable line-up is as follows: 'Fredericks in the 121 pound class; Seikman, a 128 puonder; Foster, 136 pounds; Papurca, 145 pound class; Mullendor, 155 pounds; Hlinke, 165 poimds; Eviston or Montgomery in the 175 pound class, and heavyweight, Ruggerie. The team is still crippled from the loss of three men, but Coach Reeck predicts that with their return next week the team will be exceedingly strong. Strong Points Northwestern’s strongest weights are represented by McMillan at 155 pounds; Captain Trubey, a 175 pounder, and Barton in the 165 pound class. With these strong spots in the squad, the Wildcats will give the Riveters a strenuous afternoon. Coach Reeck commented that with their success this season the wrestling team deserved more backing from the student body. With only one more meet after the tangle with the Wildcats, the student body will have to turn out for that match
Clevett Sends Squad Against Wildcats, Chicago In Matches
The Riveter racqueteers will meet the squashmen from Northwestern University this afternoon at 2:30 p. m. in the first of two squash battles which will take place today. The first match will be held on Northwestern’s campus in Abbot Hall. Following a short rest. Chief Clevett’s racquet wielders will meet the racqueteers from the University of Chicago at 7:30 tonight. Two Big Ten meets in one day is no small order, but the racquetmen are accustomed to play in two different matches on the same day. Next week, Chief Clevett’s squashmen will again go on the road for meets with two teams in Louisville.
if they are to see the Gold and Black gruntmen in action, w a f.
the Purdue Exponent
A
Service
A
Directory
A
• Professional 1
• School Supplies
i
Risk Dental Clinic
DEAC'S
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
Everything for a
1
DR. HAROLD ]. RISK
College Education
& Main Sts Phona5710
i
Dr. A. M. IRION
Complete
DENTIST
Student Supplies
119 ’A Northwestern Ave.
Phone 4965
SOUTHWORTH'S
$
• jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and OptorrTetrist 504 Main St.
After reading yesterday morning’s Exponent, I find that I’d better get on the ball or a sweet yoimg thing will have my job; your column was quite a tonic, Mary Kay. You should have been a boy. _I-I_ Can you imagine a thing like Joe Benna’s boxing team ? It has placed nine men in the championship night of fighting in the local Golden Gloves. Never before in the history of Purdue boxing, has the Boilermaker team been able to place more than four men in the finals, but Joe Benna does that one better by more than doubling the amount. And if a certain Boilermaker fighter hadn’t been the victim of the corrigated cob, Purdue would have had ten men in the finals and semifinals. I speak of Purdue’s 160 pound Hoskins, who lost a very close decision last Wednesday. —I-I— As I write this column, Purdue’s basketball team leaves for the Buckeye stronghold to play the fickle Buckeyes. Making the trip with the Purdue team is big John Paul Pauline, a senior back guard who can stand and dish the rough and ready stuff out to any big man in the conference. Paul has led the
Purdue reserves to two astounding defeats of the “First” team during Wednesday and Thursday nights of this week. _I-I_ Varsity basketball speedster Bob Riley is about to lose his mind trying to go to School and play ball— and keep from playing too much ball. You see, “Horsie” is one of these versatile youngsters. In high school he was a far greater football player than a basketball man. And he could pitch, play shortstop, and hit like a prospect in high school baseball. And he also can run the dashes in track with the best of the ten second men. —M— Bob’s father died recently, leaving the man around the house job to our sophomore fiash. The job is assisting his mother in running a large poultry farm north of West Lafayette. Also Bob is concerned with his course in agriculture which all makes for a solo debate with himself as to what irons to leave in the fire and which ones to take out. —I-I— Coach Claude Reeck’s wrestling team, fresh from defeating the second best wrestling team in the country, Cornell, will take on powerful Northwestern this afternoon in the Fieldhouse at no charge to the student body and townspeople. In five years, Purdue wrestling and swimming teams will rank with the best in the country.
I.I
And if the 5,000 men on this campus would give Larry LaBree a break and learn the tennis game, Purdue would be on top of the conference tennis rank. LaBree is an understanding coach, and has worked all through this winter preparing a few mediocre tennis men.
Challenge In Fieldhouse
With the hope of annexing their third victory to their record of two conference wins, the Riveter mermen will take to the Fieldhouse pool tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 against the Mar roon team from Chicago. Although Coach Papenguth admits that the Maroons will pffer stiff opposition, he said that his boys are in very fine condition and should make a good showing. Let’s Add Another
Trackmen Represent Gold And Black Colors At Large Illinois Field
Faster Schedules
Effective on and after Sunday, February 16, 1941 your motor coach schedules will be speeded up to provide faster and more efficient service to and from
Lafayette.
/
More Frequent Service
No more long waits—^No more standing on buses, additional service will be supplijcd during the hours of greatest demand.
Detailed schedules may be had from bus operators. — THE FARE REMAINS THE SAME —
Lafayette Transit Co., Inc.
striving to pick up some much needed experience. Coach Herman Phillips took 16 Riveter thinclads to the Champaign Armory yesterday to compete in the Illinois Relays. Since Phillips faces a meet with Iowa next Friday, he is taking a large squad with the hope of discovering some latent talent to throw at the Hawkeyes. The Relay Carnival, which is an annual affair, will see in the neighborhood of 46 schools vieing for honors. Accompanied by Herman Phillips, Homer Allen and Trainer Cripe, the squad left early this morning to prepare for the events of the afternoon and evening. Versatile All-American Dave Rankin will enter the all-around event, which consists of the 75 yard dash, 76 yard hurdles, pole vault, high jump, broad jump and the 880 yard run. Ed Holderman, who is temporarily ineligible, will not accompany the team. Those making the trip are Eeim, Jentsch, Jarvis, Anthony, Rankin, Banker, Stanley, Grimm, McEachern. Ten Eyck, Kemp, Arnold, Gaulke, McLaughlin and Lovett, o.t.c.
Boilermaker victories so far include wins over Michigan State, Illinois, and the Fort Wayne YMCA. On the other hand, the Maroons have recently sufifered defeats at the hands of Minnesota and Iowa, neither of which are losses to be ashamed of, for the Gophers and the Comhuskers both boast of exceptionally fine swimming teams. Ever since their December sojourn to Florida the Riveter natators have been improving steadily and Coach Papenguth was especially pleased at the 43-41 outcome of the mini meet, for the times recorded for the Riveter swimmers at Hlinois would have won the early season meet with Northwestern. In this afternoon’s splash party important roles will be filled by Captain Siler, Carney, Kratzer, Herr, Anderson, and Williamson. Other possible starters include McCredy, Ancker, McCay, Branner, Lake, Kusko, Tingley, and Krueck. The diving end of the meet will be ably handled by Farkas and Ochstein. Today’s meet with the Maroons will be closely followed by encounters with Ohio State and Indiana. On March 1, the Boilermaker mermen will take on Wisconsin, and then on March 7, they journey to Ohio State for the annual conference meet. The current season will be climaxed with the National In-ter-Collegiate Meet at Bethlehem, Pennsylvania on March 21. p.b.l.
Petitions Due Tomorrow ForFroshAWSPosts
The signature of President James K. Polk is worth more than any other president due to the fact that he signed his name fewer times than any other president.
k NEW CONTRieUTiON Increased Vitamin Graves Quality Breads have an ample supply of it.
MS anum
According to officials of A W S, tomorrow noon is the deadline for leceipt of all petitions for freshman representatives. The petitions, bearing the signatures of 25 co-eds and a picture of the candidate, must be submitted to Paula Zwierlein at WRH before noon. Prom the list of candidates, two freshman representatives will be elected on Wednesday. Each freshman will be expected to show her passport at the voting place near the entrance of the South Ballroom, b.g.s.
It was King James II that named the sirloin because he liked the loin of beef so well he knighted it “Sir Loin.”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
BY LICHTY
“Sure, we can work up to be dollar-a-year men, but while we’re learning the business, they only rate us as 50c-a-year men!”
“Every year I gotta stay behind a week or so after the missus goes south—saves her worrying about whether she left the fellow gets no credit around here for being alert—I tell the
bath water running or the gas on!”
boss when the clock stops and he blows up!”^aqjirfy Ji)taaj^ ^yUtwA - £dijtA
Satiurdcty# ^ebfudry 15, 1^41
fijokdM, SxpMaA
Britain Shifts Her Manpower Into Vital Armament Industries
By William H. Stoneman sfeciaij radio To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service, Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc^ London, Feb. 14 — Nearly 18 lubnl^ after the begianing of the war the British government is taking drastic steps to cut out excess production of nonessentials and to shift the manpower and womanpower, thus released, into the armaments industry. Among the first industries to be affected by this long-delayed action are clothing and cotton and shipbuilding. At meetings in Leeds yesterday, the Wholesale Clothing Manufacturers Association and the executive board of the National Union of Tailors and Garment Workers decided to curtail production of civilian garments to a point at which it may actually be difficult for ordinary citizens to buy new garments “for the duration.” Factories and shops will concentiate almost entirely upon the manufacture of service uniforms and the production of garments for the export trade, according to these ambitious plans. As soon as the present supply of ordinary clothing is exhausted most people will have to get along with what they have. It is even conceivable that people will have to wear patches. Output To Be Rationed At the same time employers and men of the cotton industry were meeting at Manchester to consider the reduction in output. Output will be rationed among various spinning mills and as workers are released the Ministiy of Labor will offer them other jobs in War industries. It is estimated that 100,000 such jobs are now available and that the majority can be filled by women. In order to secure new men for the shipbuilding industry, the government is perfecting a scheme under which workers and potential workers of military age will be given a choice of serving in the armed forces or of accepting employment in the shipyards. Any skilled man called up for military
service may be asked by his tradeunion to sign a document undertaking to go to any part of Britain if he is relieved from obligation to serve. Since military service would involve his absence from home for even a longer time and with only the nominal pay of a soldier or sailor, the average young workingman is expected to choose the lesser of two evils, Bevin May Borrow Soldiers Minister of Labor Ernest Bevin is also expected to borrow skilled men from the Army to help in ship construction. Yesterday Bevin discussed plans with 14 members of the Shipbuilding Employers Federation. The unions that have already discussed the matter with Bevin will decide upon their position next week. They are not in favor of such rigid government control as that proposed by Bevin. They have already suggested a greater simplification of ship design for the speedup of construction. Student Service Fund Organizes Committee At a meeting yesterday afternoon, the World Student Service Fund organized the Speakers Committee. This committee consists of Rusty Layson, H. H. Ku, James Shickler, and Bob Belcher. The purpose of the committee is to secure speakers and provide them with material on the needs of fellow students in China and Europe. Students wishing to help in the educational campaign as speakers should contact either Ku or Shickler, Program chairmen and others desiring a speaker for any group should see Layson or Belcher. Informative material for speakers may be obtained in Room 58 of the Union Building, p.e.b.
A dollar bill costs only threefourths of a cent to make.
-The Ratio— 3.93 • ••fo 1
Got a note here from somebody telling us that they had gone all through school with Joan Collins. They also informed us that her nickname is Snorteie instead of Snarksie. What are you doing, anyhow, telling us something we ought to know, or giving us the deuce for a mistake ? You know, this pin business around here is a joke. People like Ann Custer who has an off-campus pin and runs around as much as she does . . . well! Betty Ann Van Bergen is the same way, only worse. She’s picking on the faculty . . . Guy by the name Sam Marks. Why don’t you Belts get together and tell Chuck? Along the same line, Mary Henry’s gone and done it again. Guess maybe she and Belt Hepburn just can’t make up their mind whether they do or they don’t. Or maybe the old man can’t. Another thing that bothers us is how Wilma Bear can take Jr. Brock’s pin after only two or three dates when she’s supposed to be crazy about Petty and Baker among others, and he’s supposedly chasing Bertie Cole. Crazy people. Speaking of Alpha Chis, “Bunny” Edwards is having a little trouble along these lines, too. She and her “Uncle” Johnny Oswald still have an agreement to come to. That goes for Jeannette Rutherford and Phi Gam Bud Meyer, too. Well hurry up, people, you haven’t forever, you know, Frank Lewis, the old Bold and Blacker himself, is back in town. Our old friend, Peggy Bavis, (yes, she’s still in school) was mighty glad to see him, too. Just ask her. Those of you who are Juniors and Seniors surely remember their old feud of two years ago. How could you forget? And remember, girls, a man never stops chasing a woman until she catches him.
Use Crown Cleaning . . . Foil Get More Dry cleaning may all seem alike to you. But they are dififerent—^just as much as radios differ—all shoes are not of equal quality. Crown has recently equipped their plant thru-out with the newest methods in the cleaning world. 25 years experience hack of this is your guarantee of the hest to he had in Dry Cleaning.
FINE C L E A NERS OF FINE CLOTHEf
Lose Something? Find It by Running a Classified Advertisement in the Purdue Exponent Minimum Charge 2Sc Phraic 5038 Phone 50?8
The Whipping Post
Editor’s Note: As stated in our editorial of Saturday, February 8, the Exponent believes thkt there are many sides to every question and that on questions as important as our national peace that both pro and con arguments should be aired in our columns. With this in mind then we introduce a new column under the Above title. The opinions expressed here are those of the writer only and are not necessarily the policy of the ExpoAefit. Because of variable spAce limitations the editors reserve the right to withhold contributions of more than 260 words. TheCase For Isolation During the first fourteen years of our school career we were taught two things about the first World War. The first was that the United States made the biggest mistake in its history when it entered the war and the second was that we would never be so foolish as to make the same mistake again. Sometime within the next year, we are told on the best authority, these same United States will perform that same act. It is no longer considered a mistake by the heads of our government. The reasons that have been advanced to us for this act are many and varied. They range from the crusade to save the world for democracy type to more sensible, or at least more practical, statements which claim that our way of life is inseparably bound with that of Great Britain. We believe none of them sufficient to warrant the hurling of this country into another affair such as that of 1917-’18. The title of this editorial mentioned the word isolation. We are not for isolation in the strict sense of the word. We are not foolish enough to believe that the United States is entirely self-sufficient. We are in favor of trade, friendly relations—and whatever else be the opposite of isolation—with the world. But they must be with the world—not with Great Britain and her satelites alone. When the war is over—if we do not take an active part in it and Germany wins—^these relations will be possible in one of several ways. Either we replace Great Britain as the sun about which the world of commerce revolves, or we share a place in that sun with Germany. Another of the reasons for intervention given us was that we could not retain our export trade if Germany won the war. Why not? The countries which purchase our products do not do so through any philanthropic instincts. Why would they not continue to make those purchases even though they are dominated by Germany ? It is certain that Germany will not be able to supply them, at least not for several years, and how long can she hope to keep half the world under her thumb ? Supposing that we could not live in the same world with a victorious Germany? Suppose that Germany should conquer Britain, and then— without even pausing to lick her wounds or to consider the task of keeping in sumbission the countries she has conquered, turn on us ? This is possible, although we do not believe it to be in the least probable. Again the argument arises—should we fight here or in Europe. We aren’t much in favor of either. The Atlantic ocean as a battleground looks pretty good to us. To reach these United States, Hitler or any other invader must cross that ocean. We say let him try it. Then let us bomb his transport ships, harix his supply lines, and blow out of the water the ships which would service his submarines—^his only efficient method of sea fighting. To do this we must be prepared. We must have the ships, the planes and the supplies of war that go with them. We will never get these supplies as long as we give the majority of oUr production of them to Britain. When the word give is used, jhst that is meant. The latest news from the Secretary of the Treasury of iiie United States says that Britain is at the efi^ of her supjply of dollars. From now Oh afiythMg going to her is a gift. It’s a well-knOwn fact how well she pays her debts. Again we Bay—^let Hitler try to get a foothold on this continent. Let him trafisport his men, his 70 ton tanks» his planes knd his hopes to this country. Each in its turn will be ruined. If We cannot do this then we are riot worthy of the name of a first class power. But, we are worthy of that name. Of the moral side of the question we Say
The Purdue Exponent
Sntered «s aeeond elaH matter at the poet oUm i* Lafayette, Indiaaa, nnder the act of ConsrrcM of Iterdi 8, 1879, ud at the apecial nte of poatace praviM for m aecUoA U08,^aot of QotoVhr 8,1917, ahWori^ 1922. FdhUahi^^dyiy achdeAiib year ahd durins toe Snhimer Delivered locally by carrier tor $8.00 per year, mall sob■cription 88.50 Edltor-in-CMef. *. W. llehihlli Sdetneefc Utta^iilr ifSSh Publication Staff Nowb Editor........ a, Itc^ ManaKinp Editor^.... J>. K. Heta^ AscooiAte Editora: N. A. Ochiltrte, J. A. PASmU, L. W. Ruffner, B. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traaaott. BusinoM Staff Local Advertlaina Manauem: D. S. Povr'em, e."!!. teUdemii Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemaier; Aecounte Manaser, R. J. Shadford; Circulation llan«(ger. R. M. RecktenvVald. Co-ed Staff Editor Eetii SimiUion Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose. Donna SiesB. Sports Staff Editor - J. P. Uoton Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. 0. Johnsoa, R. O. Swaim. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by Kationsll Advertisintr Service, Inc., College Publishers ReprcsentativeB, 420 Madison Ave., NeVr York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Rnffner Day Editor: RbSe Issue Editor: Nordlingrer Night Sports Editor: Swaim Workers: H. G. deBniyn, O. L. AUanson, J. H. Armstrong, J. C. Amos, D. T. Brophy, P. E. Burkhardt, A. P. Hunter, F. A. Klumpe, P. G. Smith, W. K Rafert, Wallace, E. Young.
The Colimm
The one trouble with the war today is that you have to be an expert to talk about it. What with blitzkriegs and sitzkreigs and appeasers. According to our line of thinking what this country needs is not a good five cent cigar ... ... But a good “war talk” to English dictionary. Therefore, in line with our policy of clarifying the news, we are stepping into the breach so to speak. And filling the gap between the Latin pony and short outline of Chemistry 1 with what will from now on be known . . . ... as the Flag Waver’s Bible. First we lead off with that much bandied term. The War Monger. Now to stop all discussion immediately to the the true meaning of the thing we will say that a war monger is nothing more or less than . , . . .. The Tribune’s conception of FBR, And personal messenger Willkie. Next we have appeasers. But of course there is absolutely no sense in defining the term . . . . . . Since appeasers are out of style. And besides, it’s elementary. To continue there are the isolationists. These are the kind of people that read books like . . . ^ Live Alone and Like It. And likes it. Also geography students who know how wide thb Atlantic is and display the knowledge. As for conscientious objectors. Well, they are the boys who called upon the Lord to deliver them from the draft. And are now residing in various aa^ sundry local hoosegows. And the conscientious objector’s running mate the pacifist. Recalling the old days of the sixth column 'ive describe this boy. As the lad who takes to the hills when the shooting starts. To Avoid shobting anyone. Since no dictionary would be complete without the Patriot, we imelude him also. And as for offir clag|(ic example. One example equals A thbusafid Wbrds of explanation yott kuow. We choote, the mAh 'who stAi^s up in the iheAtre . .. When the bend plAys God Eless Aiii«rh«v—dkh ■"*' I ' I 1 .11^11,1 idi I.. littlfr. Any countrjr that would t«eogni2e BuBsia ahd lift ail Oihbar^o agaiiist liet less thaii a year aftai: shS has fought an aggfeSf^va whr hash’t much to kay about fightihg a war feO save deiuocr^y or thO dnder-dog either. We have tried to thake a case lot defending America by defehding America and not Britahh If that is isolation or appeasement or any of the other lavish names that have been pht together to fit this case of 11^41 then so it miist be. l.W.r.
Tickets
... for the forthcoming “Hamm Scarum” and/or “The Sultan Is A Lady” go on sale today at the west dAsk of the Union; the price is 16 cents.
Uncle Sam’s soldiers are fed on the average of 20 oz. of beef, 2 oz. bacon, 2 oz. batter, 2 oz. chicken, 1 egg, and 4 oz. pork hams per day. No Corned beef is included ih this ration.
Tea Dance
... will be held next TuesdAy afternoon from 4 tb 5:45 in thA Ballroom of the Union. This will be the usual bi-weekly dance 8i)onsored by the Student Union.