if-is
Published Daily By Students Of Purdue University -i.....
VOWIME XLVn
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATUEDAY, PEBRUAEY 1, 1936
Boilermakers Meet Chicago Here Tonight Game ts Expected To Restdt In Scoring Battle Between Haarlow And Kessler PROBABLE LINEUP PURDUE POSITION CHICAGO Kessler (G) F ........Haarlow <C) Young F Lang Elliott .... C Amundsen Malaska G Fitzgerald Lambert or Downey G K. Petersen Officials—Referee, Kearns, DePaul; umpire. Lane, Cincin-
nati.
Meeting in a return conference engagement, and the first in nearly three weeks for the Boilermakers, the ^Chicago Maroons and the speedy Purdue basketball quintet will battle tonight in Jefferson high school gymnasium, the game starting at 7 ;30 o’clock. The game is expected to result in a scoring battle between the Maroon
iMBiii Mill I mri ^
Four GE Men To Come Here Employment, Research Will Be Discussed Employment problems and developments in the research laboratory will be discussed by four representatives of the General Electric Company on this campus Monday at 4. D. C. F. Harding, head of the University school of electrical engineering, announced that the meeting will be held in room 264 of the Mechanical Engineering Building and will be open to all senior engineers. The representatives, Messrs. Allen, Mullin, Adams, and Tumy, who are all prominent men with the GE company, will discuss present economic conditions in the electrical engineering field, possibilities of employing men, the tsrpe of work required in their organization, and the research and other work which is being done in electrical engineering. They will also be available for conferences all day Tuesday with seniors interested in employment with the General Electric Company.
UnionToReorganize Sophomore Staff With an increase in Student Union activities for the second semester the Union board has found it necessary to make additions and reassignments to the sophomore staffs. With this end in view a meeting of all sophomore eds and co-eds, both those working at present on the Union staff and those desiring to engage in this activity, will be held in the Union ballroom Monday afternoon at 4:15. At this time a reorganization will be made and plans for the coming semester
discussed.
C©nservati®u Qufe To Sponsor Motion Picture Monday at 7:30, in Michael Golden Shops, the West Lafayette Conservation club will sponsor a motion picture entitled “The Fur Industry of United States”. This picture was photographed by the U. S. bureau of geological survey to acquaint sportsmen and the general public with the importance and practices of the fur trade. The program for the spring months will be outlined. The site has already been selected and approved for the establishment of a
fish hatchery.
The meeting is open to all per-
sons interested.
high scoring artist, Bill Haarlow, Chicago captain, and Captain Bob Kessler, All-Ameri-can Boilermaker forward.
Purdue Record Pertect
The engagement will again start the Old Gold and Black five out on its defense of the western conference title for which it tied last season. At present the Boilermakers have a perfect Big Ten record of three wins with no losses, one of the games coming at the hands of Chicago with a 44 to 19 score. 'Since the local hardwood five. Red Lambert and Glen Downey in particular, were able to hold the high scor ing Haarlow to a single basket in the previous encounter, the Maroon captain will be out for revenge in addition to trying to increase his scoring record of an average of 13 points per game. Haarlow’s record to date for six games is 75 points while Bob Kessler has scored 31
points in three tilts.
It was announjsed last night that a quantity of good reserved seats would be on hand at game time. These ducats may be purchased at the box office at the gjminasium. $5 Prize At Mixer Tonight At tonight’s mixer, a^jnew plan will be initiated whereby everyone will have the chance of winning a cash door prize. Each person will write his name on a slip of paper as he enters the door. There will be a drawing later in the evening and the person whose name is drawn first will receive a five dollar prize, A booby prize will be given to the person whose name is drawn next. Chick Myers and his CBS record ing orchestra will play for the dance starting at 9 o’clock. Myers’ orchestra played at the Indiana Ballroom for four years and broadcast nightly over station WFBM, a CBS national hook-up. Since leaving the Indiana Roof, this orchestra has traveled throughout the United States and Canada.
FarmersJumpRope To Rural Rhythm “Hey, Rube” Well, that’s what the farmers at the University Newman Club’s Barnyard Frolic were calling last night. More than 130 couples entered the ballroom from the balcony on the slide—^longer, steeper, and slicker than perhaps they had anticipated—and then went back to try it again. Games of “crack the whip” and “jump the rope” took up a lot of the dance space, but then the rural steps that the dancers used can be done in a
very limited space.
Orval Wray’s orchestra entered into the spirit of the time in a manner hardly to be anticipated. They were dressed as farmer girls—^titian hair and calico—and Orv himself appeared as a bashful farmer lad. The traveling salesman was conspicuous by his absence.
Discussion Group To Meet Weekly Forum Open To All Students “Comparative Religion” will be the subject taken up at the first of a series of weekly discussion meetings for students to be held in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building next Thursday night
at 7:30.
The meetings, which have been arranged by Dorothy Kuehn, Student JUnion vice-president, will be informal and open to all students interested in either presenting their views or acquiring more knowledge concerning such subjects as foreign affairs, philosophy, governmental control, religion, ethics, and literature. At each meeting the group present will select a new topic for the following week’s discussion or if it so desires will continue the previous one. F. K. Howard, junior science student, will be diairman of the first meeting and it is hoped that some of the foreign students in the University whose religions are other than Christian will be present to take part in the discussion and explain their beliefs. Jimior Officer Rankiiigs Listed The relative ranking of the 168 junior cadet officers has placed the following men as first ten in order: J. A. Kany, J. R. Wergin, D. N. Wait, J, E. Buroughs, L. F. Lischer, M. E. Love, F. Milner, J. M. Baker, R. N. Dietrich, J. W.
Wright.
To the Editor of the Purdue Exponent t In several recent issues of the Tribune we have noted leters from Purdue students criticizing the selection of Purdue co-eds whose pictiires were reproduced in color. These co^s were chosen by a Tribune reporter who spent about four days in Lafayette consulting various sources about likdy candidates. The final selection was that shown in the issue of
December 15.
Inasmuch as this group does not seem to have pleased a number of students we suggest that a new selection be made and that this be done by a popular expression of the student body through the medium of your newspaper. T^ose four co-eds selected as the most beautiful will then by photographed by our studio camera man and their pictures reproduced in color in the Sunday Tribune. We believe this the best way of meeting the objections raised by our last page. May we have your cooperation in obtaining an expression from the student body at Purdue through a ballot printed in your student paper?
Chicago Tribune, Exponent Will * Sponsor New Beauty Contest
Students Wilt
Awaiting your reply, I am.
Sincerely yours, A. M, KENNEDY, Sunday Editor, Chicago Tribune.
Tryouts For “Carmita” End This Afternoon All Those Appearing Today At 1:30 In Tower Room Will Be Eligible For Cast Final tryouts for the Student Union show, *‘Carmita”, will be held this afternoon at 1:30 in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. No selections for parts have been made as yet and all those appearing today will be eligible. The cast selected will be notified by telephone. There are six straight parts " ~
Sororities To Hold Rush Next Week
requiring singing and dancing, three for men and three for women. Applicants for these roles must be: “themselves, keen-looking, exciting”. Two singing and dancing comedy parts call for another male and female to do some Bold and Black stuff, streamlined and fast. Six Acting Parts Six straight acting parts include an absent-minded professor, his wife, a Spanish poppa, a voluble salesman, a grunting Injun, and one kid—Georgia, age 10, a squalling brat who will try anything
once.
A large chorus will be used in the production and places are still open in this for light-footed terpsichores or “hoofers”. All i>ersons interested in trying out for the show, including those who have already made their appearande, must be present this afternoon.
Sororities will have the opportunity for filling their quotas during open rush which begins Monday and closes Sunday, Feb. 16. In spite of the increase in the number of co-eds, the quota of twenty-one, set by the Pan-Hellenic Council in the fall, has not been changed. Invitations to unorganized girls may be delivered after midnight tomorrow, After this rush period, plans for a new rush system will be for-
mulated by the coimcil.
Pi Kappa Phi Election Pi Kappa Phi announced last evening the election of the following chapter officers for this semester; R. S. Green, president; R. E. Thompson, treasurer; and D. E. Black, secretary.
FRESHMEN
Freshmen desiring to work on Exponent businessi staff report to Exponent office Monday, Feb. 3, at 4 p. m.
Vassar College Adopts Group Insurance Plan Poughkeepsie, N. Y.—(ACP) Under Vassar college’s new group insurance plan, a $12 yearly outlay obtains for a student insurance against hospital, medical and nursing costs in excess of $10 and not to exceed $250 and for surgical operations not to cost more than $250. The plan was originated after one student had been killed and five others injured ih a recent auto crash. It is contingent upon acceptance by 60 per cent of the student body of 1,160 and the insurers have committed themselves for only one year because of a lack of statiscal information regarding group insurance on college women. The policy would be in force during vacations and holidays and for seniors even after they had left the campus.
Chivalry—Does It Exist In Mind Of Our Modern Man?^
Mrs. Jordan Entertains Pharmacy Co-eds At Tea Co-eds in the school of pharmacy ^ere entertained at a tea yesterday afternoon by Mrs. C. B. Jordan at her home on Russell Street. Mrs. M. L. Fisher and Mrs. C. J. Zufall poured.
By Dorothea Justin Does chivalry still exist in modern times? It’s a question oft used as a subject for debate^ We offer our observations. A “ding! aling!” of the telephone brought on our query. The time was the fretful period before finals. We had an important chemistry lesson to study, as well as a date who wanted to explain baffle boards on radios to us, the silly. Since it was 11 o’clock that night, the tendency toward chemistry was relatively great—^with a desire to get it over, so slumber could be ours—and wide-eyed interest in the date was sinking to nil. When we discovered that the phone call was from Dick, we thought to add spice to the evening. In the daze of knighthood’s bloom, women 'did their utmost to arouse consuming jealousy among the various knighia who were their swains. In the daze of Purdue finals, we teased, that the green eyed monster might clutch at the heart of the engineer. We aroused son thing. He Pulls My Hair As we laughed into the telephone at Dick, the date pulled our hair. Naturally it was irking to have him talking loudly, coughing lustily, and jumping around, when we
were trying to hear Dick. Consequently, we tried to persuade the man to go into another room to read the National Geographic—^the only literature we could reach at
the time.
He refused to scram. We commanded. He refused. We beseeched. He refused. We implored. He refused. Dick was becoming slightly impatient.® We slapped-stingingly. The date roared into action. Wham! His fist met our chin, and slammed us into the telephone transmitter. Our nose responded by bleeding profusely. “Dick,” we sobbed. “Phone us tomorrow.” And then furiously, we told the date that he had no right to treat ns thusly. Woman beater!
Clumsy
H^ stormed as he climbed into his coat backwards, and even more tempestously, climbed out of it, and began a volcanic search for his hat and scarf. Womanly to the last, we quietly found his bonnet and other accessories and presented them to him. Seizing himself in a convulsive movement, he started to stalk ma jestically out, hut skidded on a rug and had to flail his arms wildly to (Continued on page 4)
Pharmacy School Starts New Course Beginning this semester, junior pharmacy students are required to take physiology and pharmieody' namics (biology 47). For entrance in this coxffse the student must have previously had pharmacy 46, 39a, or 41. The course gives three hours credit. It consists of two, hour lectures and a two hour laboratory. The laboratory work will consist of demonstrations on physiological actions and modifications of these actions by drugs and the use of physiological apparatus will he
stressed.
Japanese Student Discusses War Problem Namiji Itabashi, Japanese scholarship student at the University of Southern California, in a feature in the Daily Trojan, observed that an immediate war between the United States and his country was most improbable. He states that two factors—economic and historical—tend to prevent the two countries from
fighting.
Economic security of both countries in the Far East depends upon the cooperation of each, and Japan has not forgotten that it was the United States which opened their ports to western trade and modem enterprise. Itabashi sasre in the article that although the possibility of a war with the United States is remote, i;he Russo-Japanese relations are far from friendly.
Select Co-eds^ In cooperation with the Cfaimgo Sunday Tribune, tbe Exponent will act as co-sponsor for a beauly cdntest among Purdue co-eds, the selections to be made by a popular vote of the student h^y through ballots printed in this papm:. The four co-eds selected by the students will be photographed by a Tribune staff reporter who will come to Lafayette expressly for that purpose and the pictures wiU he reproduced in color for the feature section that
will appear on March 8.
The contest through the mediam of this paper was requested by the Tribune following the receipt of the many letters which were received in criticism. Present plans for the contest can for the printing of a ballot in the five issues of this paper next week. The ballot will be prepared so as to provide space for the names of four co-eds, who, in tbe opinion of the individual, are best qualified to be awarded a place
on the Tribune page. No Vote Duplicatum
To at least partiaUy eliminate the possibility of one student taming in a mass of votes, a signature line will be provided at the top ot each ballot. Upon receipt of the returns, the ballots will be filed alpbabeticafiy according to the signatures, and any duplications wfil he laid aside until the signer can be called and tbe vote reaffirmed. At the conclusion of the contest at 6 o’clock, Saturday night, February 8, all names will be checked against the student directory. Ballots from voters other than students will not be counted. To assist in the counting, members of the Student Senate will sit in cooperation with members of the Elxpo-
nent staffs.
Following the presentation of the request to the Exponent board which unanimously approved the contest at its last meeting, several protests were heard from membem of the student body, voicing the opinion that the contest should not be run. If the objections are found to represent the feelings of more than a minority, the project wiU be suspended until tbe Tribune can be contacted and tbe board can recon^ sider the question.
Cary Hall Orchestra To Play In Union Tomorrow’s regular Sunday evemng program in the Union cafeteria will be given by Gary IT«11 and will feature a tw^ve piece orchestra made up of members of the Cary dub. J. N. Gilbert will present several accordian solos and several singing numbers wiR be
given.
A dancing team, made up of Betty Hayes, who was recruited from Alpha 'Xi Delta and who com^ from the Canal Zone, and Francisco Trapaga, who comes from Puerto Rico, will do rhumba and tpruddn* numbers. Tbe program starts at 5:30 in the evening. The next Sunday wight program will be given by the K Beta Phi sorority on February 9. Co-eds Enrdtt For Praetiee In Cufeteria Between 60 and 70 co-eds specializing in institutional mana^ment have enrolled fob practical e^erience in the home economies cafeteria this semester. Tbe cafeteria, which is under the direction of Professors Edith Gamble and Ruby Clark will reopen Monday after being dosed for two weeks because of semester finals and dass reorganization.
EXPONENT STAFF
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Alpha Tau Omega annotmces tbe pledging of W. K. MUlholland, Indianapolis,
Members of the editorhd staff meet this afternoon at 1:30 In rooms I and 2 of the Umon. BEUSER.llffcl
19S6*1936 Member Assodated CoUegiate Preaa Distributor of COLLEGEATB
liletob^ «^Natibnal CoUege Press Asso^ation.^iK %i AMiH8»att«m " iBtdusively R^resented by National AdverM^n? Sorviee. Inc. 420 Madison Ayenne, Now York City ..
"Rttitered as second class matter, at the post office, l«fayette, , Indiana. ■ Deliver^ by pdr year; delivered by carti^. $2.60 per year; sold by single copy. 2 cents.
BbsinesS Pbohe MS8
MAIN OREiCB-412 ifoctli Fifth 8t^
Fdit^al Phbne^SdS'i^
Daily Student Pnbltcation of Purdue University
Bditdr^inJChiet;..'... Slanagins Editor... Associate Editors..
Sports Editor.....;..: Associate Sporto Editors. Sopbomore Assistants.
.H. V. Heuaer
H. Campbell
..V.JL M. Chasteen, G. BJ. Hiirdin,
W. t; Hdnt, B: H, Morris, fiL 6. Waither
■■■'■ ,.:N..'E.:.HayB
fi. Pi Mull, E. H, Walpdle, L. D. Wood
E. A. Barnette, J. E. Bixtofc, R; E. Gribb, A. H. E^rsterV C. Harper, Jr., M. Kohr, R.;. P. Mahion, D. ldi Meacham, G. E. Sadler
G. Fi Roqueniore, R. 0. Schenck, Ji li. VonHarz
Bold and Black Editor. Abbott
Business Manager......... A^ertising Manager... Advertising Assistants. Circnlation Manager.... Circulation Assistants.. Associate Editors...: Advertising Manager...
' BusiNESs staff:-
... i/,,.,..-.-,..——W. a, Koch
;:.;..::..;:..;:...:.H:-:P.Ahtohini
H. Btown, B. Greek, D; 0. Miller ■ j.-Hiiise : : J. G. Gltard. G. R. Shields ............ ,..„_.._.Melen Greech, Edna Hdtson, Ellen Mann .................„..i.....;:........,..Josephine Perkins
Editor..—,...... Associate Editors......^... Advertising Manager...
WOMENS STAFF . i.L..,. Joyce Wniiams ............ Elelen Cree^, Edna Hutoon, Ellen Mann Josephine Perkins
Saturday, February 1, 1936.
: ' Issue Editor—J,: E. Brock.
Campus Politics And Gutters—Phooey Step on a magic carpet and take a paragraph-^trip to the land of the theoretical Purdue election. A week before elec* tion day it was aimpunced in the paper that petitions for a place on the ballot were to be turned in (along with a dollar). Mary, John, and Dick, along with a few more, turned in their petitions to the Senate committee, aiid, sure enough, they got their names on the ballot. Mary was busy with her sewing, John liked horticulture, while Dick lik^ to work mechanics, and during that week l^foie elections they studied hard for they realized that if enough students knew they were good,
the office that they wanted,
PHOOEY.
The way campus electibns are conducted at Purdue, one would gather that cmididates were angels in disguise. No publicity is permitted through ^student legislation, no eaxhpaigning can be legally carried on, there are supposedly no committees, no piahning, and no activity. When the election rules were compiled, there was only one thing that was not taken into consideration—human nature. It is interesting to hear some of the more active students talk about campus politics. Especially was this true When a “Seven Point Program fof Purdue” appeared a few years ago with point number one reading: “Take politics out of the gutter.” What gutter ? If the present rulings on silence have any effect, it surely is not reflected in the fact that already several committees are organized to run for Junior Prom, while even the election date has not been set?’ What are the objections of the Senate against open campaigning, the forming of committees in the open instead of from mouth to mouth, stump speeches, and all the other things that go with the average student election? Why shouldn’t the different groups get together and sponsor candidates by putting a notice on the bulletin board rather than having the names announced at meetings ? Why should the Exponent announce the naines of the various candidates on the ballot and fail to make mention of the fact that the following men ai^e running together and that they are supported by this group and that one ? That seems to have been the policy in the past, and, while we are unable to see why it should continue, it will be dropped. There seems to be no reason why advertising by can didates within financial limits, should not be allowed. The candidate who will work the hardest to get elected will usually be the one who will work the hardest after a position is obteined. ' Last year, immediately after the change of staffs, an at tempt was made to write up election stories as they happened and as they were discussed, and not put them through a grinder to emerge with the fact that someone was elected. When an election was close the story said so. When some one person stood out in the field of candidates, this fact was mentioned to the best ability of the writer. It is intended that this policy should continue in the future as it was begun. Take politics out of the gutter. This might be interpreted as expressing the necessity of casting light on the subject, and this could never be done while silly, “no noise, please” rulings prevent open campaigning.
Po.t_
iia
The SFIIs report—W(9 httve poured “lihp” on a northbound train. That’s that . . . One of the promising junior sleuth-ettes tells us that she has a date with Punchy Bell and therefore is qualified as a getter-around-er. She calls him “Sugar” . .. A promising co-ed sent in this definition. “Kisses are like getting olives out of a bottle—after the first’ one, the rest come easy.” For one beer and two decent contributions aceoinpanied by six Debris beauties. We will gladly fork oyer the name of the promising Co-ed.'. V . LBAP TEAR FANTASY^, : ' Slippery ice-—very thin. Pretty girl-—tumbled in. Saw a boy-^n the bank, Gave a shriek—-then she sank, Boy on bonk-—heard her Shout Jumped right ih^^^nd helped her ■ out. ' Now he’s hers—very nice, But she had—^to break the ice. —Illini. Shoe’s; “Say, waiter, do you have any mushrooms?” Waiter: “Naw, go on and neck right here.” 1862 Sentinal. For the benefit of those people who like to complain about B&B ... Infamous last words: Gentlemen prefer blondes, they get dirty faster. T—Parrot. And by now, you’ve enough material to write a ten page “Letter to the Editor on ‘Why I Don’t Like B&B”’. See you at the game . . .
A Note Of Explanation-
A beauty contest is like a course in economics. No matter how hard one tries to find thfe correct answer, there’ are always some who will not agree. A conclusion is impossibie for, at best, it is only an opinion. The contest for the Chicago Tribune which is explained in this issue is the means by which that paper could be assured of the greatest number of students being pleased with the results. It should be clearly understood, however, that in sponsoring the contest the Exponent in no way signifies that it is in sympathy with the comments of those persons who objected to the Tribune’s selections. Upon receipt of the published letter, several/ persons on the campus whose comments would form a cross section opinion were contacted. Tl^ere was not a single indication that the contest would me^t disfavor at any point. Since that time, several disfavorabliB comments have been heard. If similar objections are voited by a majority of those concerned, the entire project will be discarded.
Senate Meeting Are Open
Meetings of the student Senate have been open to members of the student body since the organization of that body from the remains of the old Student Council, but as yet few if any students have sat in on a meeting. The proceedings were either of too little consequence or wouldbe spectators were not informed. If the Senate ever does anything, student interest will be aroused and the discussions will draw a group that is keenly interested in student government. It’s another circle that would make a wide awake group out of a
without his teaciier.~The Shaft.
GroupOfCavmdmn Profs To Write Papers On Why Their Colleagues. Died Toronto, Ont.-r-(ACP)-—A club even more grisly than the fanious Civil War veterans’ “Last Man” club, members of which met annually to drink a toast to their dead comrades until but one was left, has been organized by a group of Canadian scientists. In the distant future a medical paper will be published by an old scientist in which he will give the cause of the death of twenty-nine of his colleagues. Dr. C. H. Best, Professor of Physiology in the UnL versity of Toronto, revealed the strange pact in the course of a recent speech. Thirty research workers in the School of Hygiene have an annual physical examination. They examine each other and fronfi each other they draw a sample of blood which is chemically analyzed. “The idea is,” explained Dr. Best, “that the survivor will write a paper on what caused the deaths of the others."
'Tiff
King of the Textiles! M. Cottoii arrived Thursday to make his initial spring debut before the''local public. He was introcluced at a style show that afternoon \yxth Miss Catherine Eloise CleVelandr consumer consultant of the CottonTextile Institute, announcings
The King is i little different this year. His colors afe more brilliant and some of the color combination's are rather astounding. A light; bright rust combined with navy blue forms a two piece shirtwaist dress. Hallowe’en combinations of black and red makes a formal for the hot evening. Bathing suits of front page prints with a robe to match are one of the newest outfits for beach wear. Even the rainy day comes in for its share of cotton. A new; ifabric; ruWierized gingham, gives the co-ed ah opportunity to have a striking plaid coat with a monk’s hood for added protection.
In the exhibit of other uses to which cotton may be put, Miss Cleveland had with her toys covered with treated cotton, printed sheets, which, incidentally, are hoW: being used very extensively, niohogrammed towels, piillow cases, and laundry bags, and every kind of drapery and curtain.
The cotton craze has been steadily growing following a great deal of publicity by Mary Lewis, vice president of Best and Co., of New York, and the late president of McCutcheon’s. Another step was taken when noted French designers began featuring the textile for hourly wear in Paris and on the Riviera in the leading magazines of fashion, such as Vogue, Harper’s Bazaar, and the New York Times.
The Cotton-Textile Institute, which is sending the exhibit to various cities, is a trade association. It does not manufacture the materials shown or sell them but is merely for the purpose of promoting the cotton industry. They feature annually the newest fabrics, textures, designs, and colors with the motto that coolness and comfort are synonomous with cotton—E. E, H.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchisiaker . This is all we do, but we do it weU Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
^ ^>C<UiXMs wa'IlbOA S cSSBy t|u63i/10n^ “Hetv Can America Stay Out of Waif?’’, has already brought forth more thah 58,000 repliea with more coming in every day^ The contest, announced almost amonth' ago by Mr. Cantor, offerk as a prize for the best answer in 500 words or less, complete tuition and expenses for a four year course in any college of university. The offer is a personal one and has no commercial affiliations. The final decision will be announced April 6 and the competition will close February 22. ESsayS should be addressed to Eddie Cantor, general post office. New York City.
The thinkihK fellow calls ■ A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cara for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
^"^Goldwyn Girls’^ Prefer Young Business Men A poll of the “Goldwyn Girls” and the “Ziegfield Chorus” has revealed that today’s Don Juans are not: brilliant professional men, dashing college boys, hardboiled newspapermen, muscular boxers, or handsome actors, but are the plain, intelligent young business men. The girls agreed overwhelmingly that young business men made the most pleasant companions. Professional men were ranked a bad second, newspapermen were thir'd, while actors, wrestlers, boxers and college boys tied for last place.
UNIVEE^ITY CALENDAR
* Today Basketball—Chicago, here. Phi Kappa formal dance, chapter house, 9:00-12:00 p. m., Bill Jones’ orchestra. • Monday American Society, of Plant Physi' ology, Stanley Coulter Hall, room 203, 4 p. m. “The Use of Herbicides in Weed Control”, C. O. Lee. Basketball—Ohio State, here. Conservation Club Motion Pictures, Michael -Golden Shops, room 101, 7:00-10:30 p. m. : Tuesday Forestry Club, Hort. Bldg., room 301, 7:00-10:00 p. m.
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist . Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
Do Yoii. Dance? Take advantage by enrolling in oiir February Classes Beginners’ Opens Wed., Feb. 12, 7:30 p. m. Advanced Opens Friday, Feb. 14, 7:30 p. m. ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
AH c SUNDAY - MONDAY GEORGE RAPT - JOAN BENNETT
“She Couldn’t Take It” also WALTER KELLY 8TEPIN FETCHIT in “VIRGINIA JUDGE”
LAST TIMES TODAY “CASE OP THE MISSING MAN” with ROGER PRYOR - JOAN PERRY HOOT GIBSON “FRONTIER JUSTICE”
Dr, Hadley Conducts Examination At Fisk Dr. L. Hadley, of the department of mathematics, went to Nashville, Tenn.; yesterday to conduct the examin^on in mathrihaU^^ candidate for h master’s degree in this subject at Fisk University. It is a custom at Fisk to have someone from another institution give the examinations for advanced degrees.
^ Dorner’a Flowdr Shop’ ^ Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 605®
, DEAC.;: ;; HAS EVERYTHING . - for a ' COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G, REISNEE
Food you like and as you likd it.
R. J. BATB ,
Watch Maker 60S Main Street
'' \
■:pinschABUE GHASE .. comedy:' , ':'An''coi6r-^ Trayel Talk
Rochdl? HUDSPN . ■ H^niy ■ FONDA S flm • . SitminetvilU
: : .LAST TIMES' TODAY . • ? Charles-Bickterd ‘‘EAST 0^ JAVA”
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE .EXPONENT:
Paiiiliii D#fi$. a,:, afeisalleif; Seii^ritas 11. _ **. Irous'"’SLw.,,
Starts TOMORROW
LAST TIMES TODAY ■ PAULINE. LORD . In . ‘A Feather in Her Hat” and “ONE WAY TICKET”
Rebel! Pirate! Lover! RedBlooded Romance that Sweeps wltln Fire and Fyry!
PLUS ALL COLOR M . ..SILLY : SYMPHONY
Starts TOMORROW NARS
LAST times TODAY “Show Them No Mercy” ■ • with ' ROCHELLE HUDSON CESAR ROMEROseason. The Buckeyes are in a tie for second place at the present ' with a record of three wins . and two losses,, while Purdue’s record in western conference engagements is l.O'OO per cent with three win^ in as many games played. The Boilermakers will be playing their second game in almost three 'Weeks in an effort to “catch up” to 'the fast moving Indiana five which has taken five straight games. Pursue found it necessary to stage a last quarter rally in the initial encounter with the Buckeyes to down them by a 9 pciiif mari|in.: ihe; Ohio ^ate basket t^^ and Whitlingeri are reputed to be more: thaii able to match the speed of the fast: moving Qjd Gold and jdack'quiutet.-v V ;■ V ^ ;Take To Rbad. Following the . Buckeye game, Purdue will to the road ih a aeries of games that may : decide the 1936-36 title, t'he fitst teafii to meet the Boilerrhakers on their Journey ynll: be low’s Havdceyes* a dangerous quintet. Followirig thie game at Iowa City on. February 8, the Minnesota five will play host to ;Purdue in a game ^bt Minneapolis cn February ; 10. The Cophers, beginning the season with a poorly Tated team, have rapidly improved, Although their record of four losses
IM Department To Hold Bowling Meet Bowling enthusiasts will compete again this year in an All-Univer-sity competition to be held by the intramural department. The sport has been winning increased popularity among the University students in the last few years and the intramural department expects .a good turnout. The competition will be held this year as in the past at the bowling alleys on North Sixth Street. The students interested are t asked i lb sign, up at the intramural office before February 5. A fee of fifty ; cents Will: be chai^d f Oi? the first round* to be played before the competition gets: undeh way.
against two wins is none too impressive, the outfit is very capable of scbririg a win over most any team in the conference. World War, the Haw!}?;eyes and the; Bdllermakers ha^ played bip arid tuck baskefball, with the Boiliermakers having a slight edge of eleven victories com pared to ten wins for the Iowa quintet, the smallest margin of su periority held by Purdue over any other Big Ten rival for the same period Of time;
24,698 lbs. Beef
15,493 2,035 9,290 lbs. Pork lbs. Lamb lbs. Veal
Last year 61,500 pounds of choice tender cuts were used by the Union Cafeteria. This high quality, energizing foni formed a part of the many meals which were the first choice of so many Purdue
This semester the Union Cafeteria will be your choice if you, too, are for something better in a place to eat.
Uni on C afeteria DOWNSTAIRS IN MEMORIAL union! - ^ “Comer of the Campm, Tet the Cen^t of College Activities**
While Chicago sends its Maroon basketball quintet to Lafayette for a game “with the local Hardwood five, the Bbilermakers are reciprocating by sending their tank team to the Midway for a dual meet with the Chicago Mermen, the meet to be held at 2 o’clock in the Midway pool. In addition to the swimming meet, the two teams will engage in a water polo game at the close of the swimming events. Vernor The Boilermakers will be represented by Captain Paul Vemor and Bob Stewart in the shorter free style events while Wallace, Gillis and: Closson will swim the 220 yard dash. VanDelester will handle the breast stroke single handed while Barnes and Davenport will have the: diving^ assigrimei^: Cpabli Lafiree’s squad of mermen were hit by a series of setbacks in the past two weeks with many of the best swimmers lost because of ineligibilities or injuries. '^htee good bridk strokj^s, one distance xnan^: and ia free style artist suffered schdlastic difficulties to tbo extent that they are temporarily from competition. By losing ail the. Hack stroke iriembeys of the , squad, LaBree doubted that, he would be able to send a medley relay team against the Maroons^ Eight svrimmers will m^ trip to GbicagOi leaving here with Coach LaBree at 11 o’clock this morning. After the swimming meet and the water polo riiatch the local sqririd will return to Lafayette.
Corps Boxiiig BegiiiB Next Wednesday With Lightweight Classes Students iii, the military department will have the chance to prove their prowess in the art of boxing by entering the elimination tournament to be held by the military department. 'The winning boxer and. the runner-up in each class will receive medals for their ability. Actual bouts will begin . next week, when the first round elimination for the fighters in the 115,126, and 135 poimd classes gets under way at 4 o’clock next Wednesday, February 6. The remaining aspirants will clash in their first'round on Thursday, February 6, when the 146, 165, 176, and heavyweight classes ~ meet. The second round will be run the following week and the semi-final and final rounds will be announced at a later date. All members of the military department are eligible to enter the competition except, those fighters in current Golden Gloves competition. Those interested may practice any evening between 4 and 6 o’clock
Netmen Make Good Record Ainass Total (if 465 Points In 11 Games Purdue’s basketball team , has made an impressive record so far this season according to scoring statistics. The Boilermaker squad has arriassed a total of 465 points, seventy-nine more than their opponents with a total of 386. For the eleven games played thus far they have averaged seven and twotenths more than their opponents The Big Ten results are even more impressive as the Purdue squad has averaged fourteen and three-tenths more than their rivals in the three games they have played. The season’s record is as follows: Purdue, 60; Western State, 37. Purdue, 28; DePaul, 24. Purdue, 49; St. Xavier, 26. Purdue, 39; Butler, 41. Purdue, 64; Notre Dame, 40. Purdue, 44; California, 43. Purdue, 41; New York U., 43. Purdue, 39; Temple, 54, Purdue, 36; Ohio State, 27. Purdue, 44; Chicago, 19. Purdue, 41; Michigan, 32.
Schednle Ward Swim Meet Fjor Febrnaiy 13 Ward swimmers will eomitete in the interward swimming meet, to he held Thursday, February 13, at 4:16 o’clock. Those wishing start training and to receive coaching can.do so by-reporting to Coach LaBree each day between 4 and 6 o’clock. The teams will be composed of one or more men, each man to compete in not more than three events. The events in order are: 100 yard free style, 200 yard breast stroke, 160 yard back stroke, 160 yard relay, 40 yard free style, fancy diving (4 optional and 4 required), arid 220 yard free, style.
WimSBWm
swimming and wafer i»!n ’ teams report in the pool at 4:lfir
! -iV J
.
SKATES SHARPENED KejrsMade - ffiorpeiKdi
: '
laUlf'^SP wlliMr ^ J09 M. FWth St.
i
.• Rtspsir. AnytMHf’".'''"'-'''"'-''
VOLLEYBALL SCORES
Kappa Gamma, 28; Ward L 25. Pi Beta Phi, 26; Ward 4, 26. Ward 3, 35; Chi Omega, 24. i^ard 2; 41;. Alpha Uhi^^G 19,
Vine .St. ^ W. Lafayette
641 Main SK Lafayette
Your soiled ties can be given that new appearance by being properly and pireSsed. We do th6m properly and cheaply.
Each or Pier Dozen Phone 3085
IM Department Plans Carnival Preparations for the annual University Athletic Carnival, in which fraternities and wards will compete, are being made by the intramural departmerit. Tentative plans indicate that the initial events will take place on Monday, February 24, and the remaining events will be run off on Wednesday, March 4. The carnival will be held in the Memorial Gym and admission will be 26 cents. The moriey taken in will be used for the benefit of the Intramural Athletic Fund, The same rules which governed competition last yea,r will he effective this year. Entry blanks and rule sheets, together with s descrip:tion of the various events will He forwarded to campus organissationsr. by the intramural ; department in the near future.
R; G. EISENBACH Jeweler aii4 Optometrist 594 Main
//■V ff
Cpme over and let us test your antifreeze; we carry most any kind. If it ^oes9 eali usm
4^
Peter Ant^erson 525 Alabania Phone 4048 24f hour/towing mrvice^
sodden;
SERViCE
■ 'i'' ^ -1 iN \l
’ Office Stoiionenr.
fhone
B Safai; Books, Ei&.e,
26S8
CASSEL’S ^swerr/-^
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkiiott Company
:SaiidtWiOli a jpirintt .'■-theri'a'; .■ CfiOPSTEAJB:..™:-10c at the Triple ROOT ; (free matches)
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Lika music Vith. your inerib? T^ lisfen to the sriop — drdcfele —- pop of Kellogg’s Rice Krispies when you pbur oU nriilk or creaml Crisp. Crunchy. And their flavor is as inviting as their sound. Try Rice, Krispies for breakfast or lunch. They’re extra tempting when you add friiit or honey. And f or that hedtime snack, after an evening of study or fun, there’s nothing quite so satisfying as a howlhd of these delicious toasted rice bubbles; light, uourislung, easy to digest. They help you sleep. At restaurants, hotels and grocers ev€rywhere.i Ovemfiresli; ready to serve. Made by Kellogg in Battle Gre^ (^alil^ ^aranteed.
Lipinfit'
a:Ii' 1
I
pfSSii
^IMI
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F* EbershOflf,
605 Main St Phone 2779.
Chamberlain’s Special For This ^ ^eek-^aplenut and Vjanilla. Or-
der it-rit’s deliciotis.
Wanted—Young man to share double room; Close to campus. 605
W. Stedium St
For Rent—Very dtoirable double room. 15 Russell St. Phone 6729.
NOTICES No n«>Ue^ aee^ted after 8 p.
Cadet Officers—Assignments to your ne:w duties and corps day orders are in mail
boxes at Armory.
—MILLER.
Sophomores—^All interested in Union work meet in ballroom at 4:16 Monday.
—BEGGS.
P. I. A. Chorus Rehearsalning at 7 in the torjer room.
-Monday eve-
—WTOTE.
Episcopal Students—^Young People’s Fellowship meeting tomorrow evening at 6 St. John’s church. English supper and pro-
gram afterward.
—BRISCOE.
Judicial Board—Meeting' Tuesday night at 7 :16 in W. S. G. A. office. ,
—KBLLENBERQER.
Co-ed Volleyball—Large gym: 4—^W. R. H. vs. Ward 1. 4:80—Kappa Kappa Gamma: vs. Ward 4. Small gym: 4—-Alpha Xi Delta vs. Chi Omega. 4:30—Alpha Chi Omega vs. Ward 3.
—SCUDDER.
Sportswomen—Meet in Women’s Gym at 8 today for popcorn party. Bring ten cents.
—BURKLE.
CHIVALRY-— , , . (Continued from page 1) keep his equilibrium. With an effort he started again, blit his right foot bumped into his left one, and he almost fell. Finally reaching the door he grabbed at it, but his madly groping hand missed the door knob, nec essiteting a second try. Vigorously he jerked the door after him. It failed to slam because the hall rug had slipped over the threshold Since the doOr was securely hinged, it failed to fall down after his forceful egrees. Fifteen minutes later he phoned Presumably that was the time it took for the man to trundle his jollope home. The lad was, he told us in bass tones, being a gentleman and apologizing for striking us. Chivalry? Well, we saw a man tip his headgear to a woman re-
cently.
Rudiments Tuskogee, Ala. (AGP)—Scientific marvels from nothing, or almost nothing. Such has been the incredible achievement of Dr. George Washington Carver, distinguished Negro scientist, who for 36 years has been director of Agricultural research at Tuskogee? Institute, nPted Negro schopl here. ■ Bbm in a rude slave cabiii in Missouri about 70 years ago (Dr. Carver dbes mot know the exact date) he began his education With a Webster blue-book speller. To>day his honors include a Bachelor of Science, Master of Science, honorary Doctor Of Science, winner of the Spingarn medal for Negro achievement, member of the Royal Society for the Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce of Great Britain. The aging Negro’s versatility is remarkably demonstrated in fields other than science. Dr. Carver is an accomplished artist, and is especially skilled in painting flowers. His works have been exhibited at world fairs, and some are to be hung in the Luxembough gallery in Paris after his^death. He makes all his own paints, using Alabama clays. He makes his paper from peanut shells, and the frames from his pictures are made from corn
husks.
By his work in agriculture and cbemistfyj Dr. Carver has been able to serve his own people and lighten their burdens. Experts say that he has done more to rehabilitate agriculture in the South than any other man living. Prom the lowly sweet potato he has made 118 products, among them flour, starch, library paste> vinegar, shoe polish, ginger, ink, rubber compound, chocolate compound, molasses and caramels. Prom the clays of the earth he has made non-fading paints and pigments. From womout sandy soil he has produced paying crops. From wood shavings he has made synthetic marble. From peanut shells he has made insulating walls for houses. Prom the muck of swamps and the leaves of the forest floor he has made valuable fertilizers. Prom the common peanut he has made 286 useful products, including milk, cheese, instant coffee, pickles, oils, dyes, lard, shaving lotions, shampoo, printer’s ink, and even axle grease. Dr. Carver is a skilled musician
Shalib j Mhmen Me fleet Cmrelemnem Shabby shoes give your friends the impression tha,t you are sloppy and careless in your dress. Bring your worn shoes to Bos-. sung’s today. The expert and skilled service which has pleased Purdue students for 25 years will give you complete satisfaction.
Loe In the Varsity Boot Shop
lair
Collegiate Review By Associated Collegiate Press It must have been a hot day— that time the editor of the Corpus Christi Texas Caller noticed in his paper that three college presidents at that moment were .fishing out in the gulf stream. The three; : p]rOsidents' w W'alter A, Jessup, then president of the TJhiVersity of lOwbl^^^ H^ H. Lindley, chancellor of the University of Kansas; and Dr, L. , t), Coffman; of the-University of Min-
nesota.
And here, according to the imagination of the Corpus Christi edi tor, is what happened on Uie fishing boat:. —; First president—-This, gentlemen, appears to me as an ideal day and an ideal setting for ouf piscatorial adventures. Second president—Quite so, my dear doctor. I was just thinking 1 have seldom seen a sea of a more divine and cerulean hue. Fishing amid such surroundings as these is indeed not only restful but inspir-
ing.' ■
Third president—I, too, am deeply pleased with it, gentlemen. I find that here I am able completely to relax. The problems that yester day vexed my mind I find here assume proportions of absolute insignificance. Under the spell of the majesty of sea and sky, they seem utterly inconsequential. I find it all very restful. ^ ^ ^ First president—No doubt there lies the secret of the calm which so many of the pastoral philosophers were able to attain. In such an environment as this, one finds no petty annoyances to disturb the flow of calm and calculated reason. Third president—rPoetic philosophers too, gentlemen, can only find true expression in such circumstances. Do you recall those matchless lines of Theocrates ... First president—Pardon the interruption, doctor, but unless my eyes deceive me, there appears to be one "of those finny denizens of the deep following close upon us (And then follows an interlude during Which the first president receives copius instructions from his associates on how to sink the hook and how to reel in the fish. The climax approaches.) Third president—Reel faster, doc. Reel faster. Do you need any help ? First president—No! No! Just give me room! Second president^—Hot dawg! Watch that baby jump! Third president—Ride ’im cowboy! Whoopee! Watch out for that rod. Here doc, you better let me— First presidentr—Hell no! Get dutta my way and give me room! (The frantic fish makes a rush toward the boat, leaps high and shakes the hook from his mouth. Dead silence in the boat for one long second.) All three presidents-—^Damn!
By T. J. Kino
' Wesley foundation. Prof. I*, k, Noss will speak to the Meti’a Class of the West Lafayette M. E. chuTch (corner Main and Sotith). Sunday morning at 9:80 on ^‘Christian Issues in the Coming Election”.' Rev. J. B. Gleason will speak at Epworth League Sunday evening at 6:30 on “Boy-Ginl Relations”.
PAUL A. RISK
^ ^ ROBERT 6. RISK
HAROLD J. RISK
' LUTHER A. RISK
400 SehnUs Bldl«. Ph»ne 1781'
I
Cohter 4th and Main
mA i
FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH, Corner 6th and North, Lafayette. Merle M. McClure will speak to the students Sunday morning. Rev. Jessup will be in the pulpit for the morning services at 10:46. Christian Endeavor social hour at 6:30. Noble Hale will lead the devotional service at 6:30; Russell Christy, accompanied by iMiss' Helen Dowhiii, 'will be the soloist. ^ play, ^‘The ChreAll Clinic”; Will be presented at
■'7:30.
WEST LAFAYETTE BAPTIST, Corner Main ahd Columbia. 9:30, Dean Fisher, teacher, International Sunday school lesson. Dr. G. H. Winters will speak at the morning services, held at 10:36. 5:30 social hour for students. Supper will be served at 6:16 for ten cents. A discussion on “Christian Patriotism” will be led by Otis Thompson at the 6:30 program. 7:30, “A Bible Character" (sermoh). '
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
f
'KEYS ,: Ibdts, ■, hlffht . Batches . Ahto; heys;: Mi'dhahdle;;.Bb^s' Mnlharapt & Son :r'V -;/-8094l 'North: ,:: Phone 2828 Lafdyet^ Ind.
I
CENTRAL PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, Corner 7th and Columbia, Lafayette. “Developing a Christian Type of Patriotism” will be the central theme of our student program during February. This Will be the topic for discussion in the group of upperclaissinen in the Schopl of Religion at 9 :30. At Sunday Evening club, held at 6:30, Mr. J. A. Andrew, of the Indiana Legislature, will speak on “Social Legis-
laUon”. :
to the
44
ST. JOHN’S E PI S C OPAL CHURCH, Comer 6th and Ferry, Lafayette. Ancient custom decrees that Christmas greenery shall remain intact in the church until Candlemas. So, tomprow we celebrate this feast at 10:46 a. m. The boy’s choir will sing Tchaikowsky’s “Legend of the Child: Jesus”. Sermon text is first. Corinthians 6, “Ye are not your own”. In the evening, social hour and program of Young People’s Fellowship begins at six.
Also other new collars in crisp organdie; laces " and ruff crepe; in white, pink and peach..69c-$1.96 White Silk Scarfs................,..^.. . Bengaline Gloves, spring colors, navy, chamois, grey, white . . WindsorTies, all colors................. . . .... Handkerchiefs, for all occasions.........................5c-60c Special new lot of Sport Handkerchiefs....... .5c each
Leather Hand Bags.
.$1.00 and $1,98
and once toured the country as a concert pianist. To top these accomplishments, he is an expert cook, and recipes originated by him are used today in leading hotels j throughout the country.
Lefs go^ Purdue ! ■Win Them Both!
TONIGHT Chicago
MONDAY Ohio State
And the pep and speed shown by “Piggy” Lambert’s boys will be an example of the energy you’ll need to face this new semester. Let Rostov’s keep you in the pink of condition with the foods that have been favorites with fraternities and sororities for 15 years.
ROSTOV’S MARKET^ 5th & Columbia^ Phone 5081
does for ibusmess wha. the 'warm rains and sunshine does for the growing grain.....promotes a healthy crop
The students of Purdue University depend upon The*^ Exponent for [events of college life. Your Jadvertisement in these columns will be sure to get results.