r.
EDITORIAL
Bids Seniors kaJ#' < Farewell ^
■Mt
' MERRV-^-ROtfNni» 3 Probes Newsprint Situation
Established 1889
That’s Awful
Volume 56, No. 46
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, Alt||i^ 14^
Home Ec Workers Will Register For Work Simplification Course Prof. M. E. Mundel Will Direct Extension, Research Women; Speakers To Discuss Time, Motion Techniques, Problems Twenty-nine teaching, extension and research workers in home economics from 23 states and the United States Bureau of Home Economics will register at the University tomorrow
for a special two weeks’ course in work simplification for women.
The purpose of the school is to offer intensivecourses in the principles of work simplification and their application to jobs performed by women, it has been: organized by the Farm Work Simplification Project of which
Beers Names Pathologists Meet ROTC Cadets To Discuss Control Honor Grads Of Plant Diseases
Barre To Succeed Elliott Will Confer 500 Degrees
E. C. Young, Dean of the Graduate School is national direc-
tor. •
The various states representatives will stay in South Hall of the Women’s Residence Halls While on the campus, and their instruction will be under the general direction of Prof. M. E. Mundel of
Aitkenh^ad, Chief Of Ag Engineering Prof. William Aitkenhead, ■ head of agricultural engineering at the University since 1914, will retire Sept. 1 and become professor emeritus of agricultural engineering, it was announced yesterday by Presi-
dent Elliott.
Simultaneously it was announced that Dr. Henry J. Barre, of Iowa
_ Eight ROTC cadet officers have More ^han fifty outstanding
the Industtial engineering depart- been named honor graduates for pathologists gathered at a
T i. j- 1. j -i. 1. conference held here at the UmveriPent. the semester ending today, it has ™ •, »
sity last Thursday and Friday for
List Of Speakers been announced by Colonel D. M. purpose of discussing war time Morning sessions will be divided Beere, Commandant, 3516th Se^- plant disease controls, into two parts with Prof. Mundel vice Unit, ROTC, with the concur- The discussion centered about giving a series of illustrated lec- rence of President Elliott. the forming of an efficient organitures on the fundamentals of mo- j ^ zation to take bettet survey of the tion and time study and selected ^ J diseases attacking food and fibres speakers talking on the application t” -if „j p’ important in the war effort. In the of work simplification to everyday future a much enlarged force is extasks. Speakers, all from the Uni- Chicago, I ^ ® pected to gather this information versity, include Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, -^-Ibion, Jo^ph M. Egg st , 0 steps can be taken to curProf. P. C. Hockema, assistant to f H Sdon jlf" widespread damage caused the president; Dean Mary L. Math- Ol'io- Arthur H. Seddon, Jef- diseases. I
ews of the Home Economics School; and David C. Heckard of Ppnnrta
Miss Eva Goble, Miss Mary Rokahr, West Lafayette. t tt tvs'' ii. Home Economist, Bureau of Home The selection of honor graduates ‘ ‘ ° Economics, U.S. Department of Ag- was based on the student’s all College reported on his activies in riculture; Miss Mary Scoville, Carl around ability and his interest in out^rea ® ^ Boester, Miss Mary Jane George military science. These cadet officers ^ °
and Dean Young. will, after the war, be given priorTo Practice Application Of Studies ^^ntotn/s T^the^Sular
Army.
Tomorrow At 2:30 In Music Hd# Graduating Seniors To Assemble At Armory Door At 1 ^45 ^ I For Procession; NaVy Choir To Sing At Commencement At 1:40 p. m. Sunday, a throng of 500 candidate# for degrees, 450 for bachelor degre^/^iad 60 for advanced, will assemble in the Armory in preparation for the solemn and exciting biisi> ness of reeciving diplomats. At 2:05 the procession of figures clad in the traditional bla^ gowns and mortar boards will begin to wind its way toward the Music Hall, joined at the en-
trance by the faculty group.
Entering through the Executive Building, they will be ready to march down the ceni^ ^ ■■■ aisle of the Music Hall to me
strains of “Pomp and Circumstance”, played by the Nai<^ Band, while an audience'.ot parents and friends look on. The invocation and benediction will be given by Dr. Otto Scott Steele, pastor of the Fir^t
Murder, He Says; Life History Boyk Shows Merit Of Exponent Of Sodium Poison Continued
■r
s
i^C. fliTt<^NHeno.
Afternoon sessions will be devoted to practice in the application of motion and time stu<^ techniques in the Motion and Time Stiidy Laboratory in Heavilon Hall. Field trips will be taken in order to study spe-
cific problems.
Evening seminars will be held to take up research and extension projects in the various states represented. The seminars will be under the direction of Dr. Lillian Gilbreth and Miss Mary Rokahr.
PE Department Offers Classes In Riflery
the Irish Potato Famine in the ’90’s. A report was also made by Dr. H. C. Murphy of Iowa on the develop-' ipent of a new variety of oats highly resistant to rust and smut diseases. Besides being free of these diseases, these new oats are reported to be far superior to the oats now grown in the Mississippi val-
ley.
AWS Will Sponsor Frosh Date Bureau
Dr. R. Mayhill Receives Naval Lt. Commission
Dr. Roger Mayhill, former instructor in history and economics at
Another good opportunity for the service men to broaden their field of education on the campus is being offered by the physical education department. A course in the basic principles of small bore rifle shooting is being given under the sponsorship of the National Rifle Asso-
AWS will again sponsor a date ciation. Over forty army, navy, ma-
bui'feau for the incoming freshmen rines and civilians are enrolled in the University, has been appointed students. This will be an all Uni- the course. The course, which is di- Lieutenant (j.g.) in the Navy, versity function for upperclass as vided into two sections at the pres- Lieut. Mayhill enlisted in the Navy well as new freshmen students. All gnt time ,has six lessons of one and in January, 1942, and for the past date buieau gamblers will sign up one-half hours each. Students are year has been Chief Yoeman in the
in the Great Hall of the Union on taught the parts of the lifle, the Canal Zone.
Friday and Saturday, August 27 shooting positions, and basic work jjg received his B.S. degree from and^ 28. in target shooting. ^he University. He took his M.A. Date bureau is a traditional affair The classes are under the guid- degree from the University of Illiwhich has been sponsored by AWS ance of Mr. Gildersleeve, who has nois and received his'Ph.D. degree for the beginning of each new se- had experience in this type of work, from the same school in June 1942. mester as a means for the newly ar- with Richard Walker and John Me- He is a former president of the In-
Murry as co-instructors. diana Young People’s InterdenomiOver seventy men, including those national Sunday School organizaenrolled in the course, use the rifle tion and a former editor of the Del-
tange in the basement of the gym- Journal.
... agricultural honorary, elected nasium. The range is open and in At present, Lieut. Mayhill is officers at their last meeting. Wil- charge of competent range officers spending a two weeks leave with his bur T. Rule will hold the office of four hours each day. The amount of parents, Mr. and Mrs. B. B. Maypresident, while B. H. Hobson will shooting each man can do is limited hill of Delphi, before reporting to be vice-president. J. L. Marks will because of the lack of available am- indoctrination school in New York be secretary. munition. City.
rived coeds to get acquainted.
Ceres
State College, would come to the University to succeed Professor Aitkenhead as head of the department. Graduated from the School' of Mechanical Engineering at the University in 1902, the retiring engineering department chief holds an M. A. degree from the University of Oklahoma, and also his professional degree in mechanical engineering, obtained from the University in 1913. Prof. Aitkenhead came here in 1914 as head of the department of Farm Mechanics, which later was changeef to that of Agricultural Engineering. Agricultural Writing Professor Aitkenhead is the author of numerous publications dealing with the farm tractor and farm machinery, and did pioneering work in the drying of hay and blower systems which has since come into rather wide use. In cooperation with the late David E. Ross, he developed and patented a rotary plow which turned and pulverized the soil in one operation. He has been a^ctive in many programs to advance the use of power machinery and equipment on Indiana farms and has addressed many farm meetings at the University. He will continue on a part time basis here during the coming year, conducting certain research and teaching work. Research, Teaching Dr. Barre, incoming department head is known for his research and teaching work in the field of agricultural engineering. He was graduated in agricultural engineering from Kansas State College in 1930. In 1938 he obtained his Ph. D. degree in applied physics and agricultural engineering at Iowa State College. ' (See BARRE, Page 2)
Chemistry 1 intra-session students, especially those interested in committing the perfect crime, heard a unique lecture last week by Dr. Samuel Boyk of the Chemistry department. Digressing from his scheduled talk on ionization. Dr. Boyk delivered an address on the merits of the metal sodium as a device for performing the gentle art of mayhem upon his best friend. According to Dr. Boyk, a small amount of pure sodium finely intermingled with some of the common table salt used by the victim would work wonders with improving said victim’s digestion. In fact, never again would the person using this “prepared” salt on his food have to worry about digesting anything, since his stomach would be full of holgs. No Eivdence The remarkable part of the whole affair is that there would be no evidence of foul play if an autopsy were performed. The sodium, after eating out the lining of the stomach, would react with the hydrochloric acid present in the gastric juices to form sodium chloride (common table salt.) As there is ordinarily a certain amount of salt present in the stomach, an analysis of the body would disclose nothing unusual. Dr. Boyk mentioned another device which could be used to perform an even more perfect crime, but the refused to elaborate upon it as he feared it might lead to a crime wave. It has been rumored that since his most enlightening lecture, several “big time operators” have approached Dr. Boyk with “big deals.” It is claimed that these operators want to fqrm a bigger and better “Murder, Inc.” with Dr. Boyk as its head. However, these rumors arc from most unreliable sources. Notice Debris distribution begins today at 2 p. m. Seniors may get' their copied from 2 to 4 p. m. and underclassmen from 4 p. m. on. Anyone who cannot stay to get his Debris may leave a quarter, together with his name, the address to which he wants his copy sent and the number on his receipt.
By Jack Abbett When the fall of 1927 rolled around, J. D. Lemon was editor and he let the paper drift to an alternating dull Kansas City Star and a flashy Chicago Herald-American type of make-up. It was in 1926-27 (I think) that the “library supplements” thus preceded its perhaps stimulated starting of the Souvenir. This new publication was to contain the literary works of the students; and was to be made up of poems, plays, stories, sketches, and essays picked by the Scrivener Club for their quality-of writing and originality of thought. The first < copy of this new magazine appeared on January 18, 1928. President Elliott and George Ade were among its first contributors, and prize winning essays and poems by University students were submitted to the new magazine’s reading public for its judgment. The school year of 1928-29 was, as many of the previous had been, a normal year for the Exponent. The first real deviation from the accepted form was a streamer across the bottom of the first issue in the fall of 1928. The size of the paper was also the largest in the Exponent's history, an eight page big city sized newspaper. Other than the above changes, the paper remained the same in make-up and the kinds and sizes of heads. J. M. Snead as the Exponent’s editpr, made the first radical change in tbe paper during the depression. He decided that the editorial page needed more life; so the editorial columns were made two columns wide and the type size was increased to ten point Gothic type. The majority of the paper’s heads remained the same with the exeeption of the newly adopted script type. This new head gave life to a seemingly dull page. The Exponent tells us that its literary competitor, the Scrivener, had been helped out by the addition of prizes and awards to be given by the then Governor H. G. Leslie, David Ross, George Ade, and H. G. Reisner for literary works of high merit published in the magazine. In 1932 Earl A. Butz became the guider of the Exponent’s policy and with his rise to the highest position on the paper Butz at once gave the front page an entirely new face. All the main features of the past three (See LIFE HISTORY, Page 4)
Methodist Episcopal Church of West Lafayette. The music acedm* panying the clitnax of the exercises, the conferring of degrees by President Elliott, will be provided by the Navy band. The choir composed of navy men training here will join in the recessional. Awards for outstanding stthlent achievement will be made, although they were not made at the April commencement program. 'HlB new graduates will be officially made members of the Alumni Association in a ceremony conducted by W. Henry Roberts, president of the orgization. Guests will be admitted ^ifig through the lower lobby doors “Of the Music Hall. There will be na’hdmission through the Executive Building except for the. gradna^r procession. No seats will be,] r^ served for the graduation exerc&esC In case of rain tables will be'prq^ vided 'in the band room of ^the f Music Hall for disposition of rilA. coats. —" r"'-! The commencement axerci^ will begin at 2:30 p. m. instdadjof 8:30 as previously stated in tkb ponent. «■ .. Luma House . . . anndunces the election of tW following officers for the kenilterm. President, John Marks; Vi(^ president, James Thomas; Hhhad Manager, Junior Hobson; PtAcfiliing Agent, Robert Morgan; Treas4 urer, Arthur Whitzon; SeexitAtfi Thomas Price; Pledge Captain, 'Arthur Whitzon; Social Ghaimtkn, Robert Morgan and Athletic Mahhger, William Wilson. Judici{(l Board: Junior Hobson and Andraw* Clayton. Continuing as housemother is Miss Myrtle Price, and Faculty advisor. Dr. A. A. Smith. Notice Any Students who wish td work for the Division of Educ*--tional Reference during ein Orientation testing, August Sl and September 1, will pleash leave their names at the Office of the Division of Educational Reference. —H. H. REMMERS Director
Boswinl<le Shows Drama Of Stewart Masterpiece
By Bob Boswinkle Thrilling Dectetive Stories, Superman comic books. Bedside Esquire, and Peek Magazine take up the average student’s spare reading moments—but not mine. Just give me one of University Controller R. B. Stewart’s Financial Reports of the University and you can burn all other publications for all I care. Whether Mr. Stewart knows it or not, he packs more mystery, more humor and sorrow, and more fascination into each line of his Financial Reports than did the literary giants Homer, Shakespeare and Mark Twain into their masterpieces. Mr. Stewart lists in long columns the earnings and spendings of the two thousand pipe fitters, doctors electricians, grass cutters, professors, floor sweepei’s, accountants, waitresses, executives, and paintere that work for the seven thousand students at Purdue during ordinary times. Mr. Stewart doesn’t
say: “Reader, here is thy drama!” Mr. Stewards a dignified controller —a dealer in numbers, and his Financial Report is mostly page after page of numbers.^The student finds the drama when he starts to investigate and interpret the numbers. For example, turning to page 193 in Mr. Stewart’s latest Financial Report, one will find the that horses in tbe Horse Barn drank $7.87 worth of water between July 1,1941 and June 30, 1942—an insignificant item when considered alone. But from the line above this one learns that the hogs in the Special Hog Barn drank $100.60 worth of water during the same period. Now it might be that the man that waters the hogs and the horses is an honest, conscientious person and gives the hogs all the water they want to drink and tbe horses all the water they want to drink, but more likely he’s a blackguard. Can’t you just ;^cture the man’s
foot being stepped on by a clumsy horse a year or two ago—maybe squashing the big toe a little? Undoubtedly it happened and the man vowed to make all horses pay for the crime of the clumsy one. Every day between Jul^ 1, 1941 and June 30, 1942 the man went to the Special Hog Barn and filled all tHe watering troughs with cool, clear water, perhaps affectionately splashing a little water on his favorite sow. The man likes hogs. No hog ever injured his toe. Then, reluctantly, he leaves the Special Hog Barn and trudges toward the Horse Barn. The horses are standing in their stalls panting, their parched tongues are hanging limply out of their mouths. The man sneers at the suffering horses and skips merrily by them, splashing the water aiound in the bucket he is carrying just to make the horses sadder. A horse down on the end has fallen over—exhausted because he has not
had a drink of water for nin^ days. The man sprinkles a little water on the end of the drooping tongue of tbe fallen horse—just enough that the horse can get up on its feet again and feel more sorrowful. The man is getting his revenge. This explains why the hogs diank $100.60 worth of^ water last year while the hoises drank $7.87 worth. Home Ec’s Sport “E” Going on to the more pleasant phases of campus life, it might be well to mention that a big guady “E” for efficiency flag should be flying proudly over Home Economics Practice House No. 3. The reason is obvious if one will but look in the appendix of Mr. Stewart’s remarkable book. In column IV the fuel bills for the various houses are listed: for Practice House No. 1, $149.75; for Practice House No. 2, $139.58; for Practice House No. 4, $176.98; and for Practice House No. 3, $0.00. A University building that
can get along on fuel so cheaply deserves any little reward that can be passed its way, and one of our purposes in writing this article is to start the movement to reward the house with an “E” flag and the house mother with an “E” button. Nursery School Page 155 lists all the fascinating figures of the “School of Home Economics Nursery School” or, a^s the vulgar call it, the “Kid Pen”. Mr. Stewart says that he spent as follows on the kids last year: Telephone, $46.00; Repairs, $80.91; Laundry, $118.25; Refunds on Tuition, $31.75; and Cod Liver Oil, $5.10. It’s anyone’s right to think what he wants to about the kids, and it’s my guess that-most of Mr. Stewart’s expense is due ^o a blonde little hussy of 6 years old who, being trapped in the pen, calls up all her masculine friends of 6 years old, goes into a rage when some coed tells her she must pvit the phone
down, starts beating her playmates over the head with any handy kiddy car thereby running up the repairs bill, and then goes to the head of her school and demands half her tuition back because she isn’t learning what she thinks she should. It's anyone’s guess as to why the laundry and cod liver bills are so high. The Union Building is not without its heartbreaks and tragedies. While the Sweet Shop lures in throngs of students to buy cool dyinks to the extent of $45,039.37 per year, across the hall the shoeshine boys have meager earnings of $120.68, which represents a loss to the University of $56.30. It seems ironical, indeed, that such a sad predicament should exist across the hall from where the strains of Benny Goodman and Haiiy James flow gaily and constantly fi'om the juke box. Flipping the pages that list the WRH and the Cary Hall expendi-
tures (this report was made the services took over C^iry back and forth, one can make aon^q interesting comparisons. The t0()0 men that lived in Cary Hall-tiaed $69.91 worth of ice last year wl^ the 400 extravagant girls that ffil the study rooms of WRH uiftd $827..65 worth of ice. Extravagant as the girls are with ice^ they have to be given credit fife their low electric light bulb Caiy Hall the janitpr had to rd|il|uie $138.53 worth of bulbs. In WR^fdr the same period the janitor hi#4 ly $7.80 worth of bulbs to seta# into the light sockets. And so as one reads on thit$fe||ti the pages and pages of statfetics, bond amortization schedules, facts on the amounts of cheese the Purdue Creamery sold comes amused, ihfuxiat^ chanted by the appar«ntl:f of figures. Try it 8<wn% tinoNiw^ge2
Purdue Exponent
Saturday, August 14, 1^43
\
Purdue Exponent Offices: Ediforial and Business Purdue ^emoria,! .Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Bntinefs Manaeer News Editor Htnaaine Editor Siierts Editors
Ellis Murphy Mary Pilts William ft. Tyson Carplyn .JVHbut Ray Smith, |lu6s Pipes
Publication Staff Editorial Staff
Associate Editors: Jach Abbott, ^utb Pord, Katy Howes, Mad elyn drotnedrPeK Steffeb. Business Staff Adyfritsing Manager: C. L. Gaunt. Asetstani Adyertfslrtg Manager: Betty Maney. ^u^Ution ^nad;*: ft. .G.' Sauerman. The Purdue Independent «dltt»-ln-CWet-..-..--.‘. ...i‘ •• •'- ^ert.fiiuier
Staff For This Issue
^ight Editor: Steffes 5j^3£d|^Tt Abfi^t : IJafgolis. K i; V?
Sports Editor: Pipes ^BsUC .Editor:
Entered as second class matiter at rte post ette. indisna, under the act of Congress of March 8, 18T9. ‘a^ ^W'sp^cidr rate <.f jSostafee-proyded in seetton llflB act of October 8, 1917, authorized JanuajT 1|®2 J^iSfile’^n ^'Sdny, Thursday'afta'Sttferday mornings ^Kear, eiccept certain vacation periods » ckreier lor $1.^ lor a semeater; mall for $1.60 for a *^^e^ter' SUbscrintlcrrts niay'be obtained at the Exponent or ^t the West Desk of thd Union, enresented for national advertising by National Advertisiilif ^service, Inc., College' PiSblisWeTs Representatives, 4ilu Id^feon AVe., New Voi;k, N. Y.
i|«i Reyoir, •-vr Graduates
I ? t %
', . . whp UfttvejB^ty the nu^dle oi his sBftip.l'3'eta- ja loflicei's’ tiBining at Ft, SiU, Jijs ctvomnis^iqn this wpek and i^ hoinp op p ,te,n-^py Jep,ve b^ni;e apeept^ng a new as•ignmeht.
cUe msmNTOH
^Tm . US P4t 0«
twenty-one hundredth copy of this jnaKpin^’s Exponent was released from the pr$8^, .we, the staff, closed up shop until An27 when the typewriters will again begin ip h'nm with activity ... the telephones, all six of tliem, start ringing ... and the industrious jiV/orkers nnd th,e boisterous fun lovers return for another big semester. E^owever, right now we have many other things on our mind: those last goodbyes to the array, navy and marine boys (take your pick) who will remain to hold the fort.. . the |E?iCA girls who are counting the days until their vacation in October ... the Curtiss-Wright with fhe memories of their vacation fading with the passing time . . . and the seniors and underpiassmen leaving as fast as they can get buses or trains out of Lafayette. These, along with many other things, ar;e on our mind while writing this edit. ’We are sorry, yet at the same time, proud of the graduating seniors, who will be receiving ..their diplomas tomorrow—a diploma reflecting a story of much effort but filled with poUege memories. They are a confident bunch, eager to show the wwifl of their capabilities. There is nothing -Uncle Sam is more desperately in need of thhil well-trained, enthusiastic men and wome,n.'^e.are behind them 100 per cent and are gJHghtJy envious of their immediate role, ^uoh could be written about these seniors but we’d prefer to see action on their part. The seniors aren’t the only ones leaving, ^though their departure may be the more dratnatic (if it can be termed such in these ti:i^fes .of uncertainty), the underclassmen ar,e atep making their exit but have the jump on thfe graduates as far as the date of leaving is epftpemed- : ^eary freshmen, sophomores, juniors and sem,es,ter seniprs are leaving, some yesi^dhy and some today. With pressure brought ip b^r on each last bulging suitcase, the lid is finely forced closed and the students are rp^y for those hasty goodbyes. Some will be away from if for a couple oi. months, others of us will be back on the job in two weeks. It’s a funny thing about this Uniyersity—once a freshman is oriented inio the Purdue way of life, it’s hard to leave thk place for more than a few weeks. ; would he a yv^^ste .oi f ime and space to ■^^h all these civilian students fhe most wondjB^ul vacation ever, because from the few rbhiarks we’ve heard, they are out to have it. Ai any rate, we are anxious to see them back, attd very soon, too. •^ell,' seniors, here’s a to^st to you for the iuiurp ahead- Au^ ip th,e service men^C^ntissii^lght, RCA, Wright Field and any other special students remaining, we wish .to say that we hope our arrival back on the campus will be'just as gagerly anticipated on your part as we)k^w it will be on ours.—c.j.w.
By DRlW^glA Jnterjpational Paper Pays Large SaJiurie^; i^ayJAgJbit EauU Knock Down More Enemy Planes WASHINGTON—If the Boren Committee really wants to dig below the surface in the ne\vsprint situation, it might probe the lush bonuses paid by ithe Irtternational Paper Co. to its executives. At a time when the paper cartel has been gouging publishers for higher prices and throttling newspapei’s by supplying less paper, it has also been paying juicy sums to International Paper officia,ls. Since 1930, International Paper has not paid-ar penny in dividends on its contimon stoqk. Yet at the same time International Paper hgs paid annual salaries of $412,260 to six of its official^ Then in addition to these salaries, the same officials got bonuses of $112,600. President Eichard J. Cullen received a salary of $102,000 plus an additional $60,QO paid every year to.^ard a retirerpent fund. The Vice President, W. N. Hurlbut, gets a salary qf ^43,600 an(i in addition .a retirement benefit qf $I0g00 annually. Also, !l^urlbut has borrowed $25,893 from the company. Tfiere is nothing illegal about tlus, though bqr.rowjng by officials from their company is a special privilege and constitutes an additional iburd.en on the company’s financial position. ' In addition to its officeijs and directors. International Paper also paid 14 other employees total salaries of $383,900. Isolatipinist Cupid The nuptial rumor that the Chicago Tribune’s Col. Robe^’t R. McCormick was going to wed Mr^. Helen g^sary, widow of the Baltimore Sun coiTespqndent, wps fold to the President r.ecently by.^one of his aides. Both Col. McCormick and Mrs. Essary are ardent isolationists and vigorous critics of the Administration. In fact the Colonel is'considered the leading isolationist of the midwest, if not the nation, while the Widow Essary, wrftipg in the Washington fimesHerald, is probahlyHhe leading lady isolationist in the nation’s capital. So the President received word of this isolationist romance with considerable interest. “I wonder,” he mused, “w,hat their progeny will be like.” Inside JEi!irope Swiss Minister Charles Bruggmann, brother-in-law of Henry Wallace, is probably the only man in the United States who has recently passed through Germany. He not only visited Germany, but also Prance and Spain. In France he found the people downcast and downhearted. German soldiers on the streets of Pans went out of their way to be polite to the French people, even got off the sidewalks if necessary in deference to a Frenchman. The Germans have played their cards cleverly to try and avoid French resentment. In Germany the women wore black, but no smiles. Many Germans, Minister Bruggman found would rather submit to a British-American occupation than one by the Russians. Higher-class Geimans fear the Russians tremendously. On the othei hand, it is suspected in some quarters that certain German groups might make a deal with the Russians to mn Euiope together. There is more food in Germany, Minister Bruggman found, than in France. In Paris he paid $40 for a meal for two people, and not an elaborate meal at that. Spain is in better shape economically than at any time in some years, and seems to have recovered from the effects of its civil war. Capital Chaff jThe President has told close advisers that he would not oppose a “constitutional monarchy” in Italy as long as it was a genuine one and peimitted democratic processes to function as in England. . . . Folks in Kentucky are puzzled over the mysterious “poor health” of Congressman Virgil Chapman who is laid up in a hospital in Versailles, Ky., assertedly for injuries received when he stu^ibled while answering a telephone in the dark. This is the thud time Viigil has retired to the hospital, usually registering under the name of “Henry Miller”. Down in Kentucky, folks say: “Viigil sure must have a lot of accidents.” I pay Vs. Nigh,f bombing JVhen Churchill and Roosevelt were in Casablanca, the Brittsh Piime Minister had a friendly argument with U. S. air geneials regarding the feasibility of daylight bombing. Churchill was against it, aiguing that the British system of night bombing was much safer, did more damage to the enemy. However, latest figures just received by the War Department show that Gen. Ira Baker was right in sticking to day bombing.^These figures show that U. S. bombers have knocked out Nazi fighter planes at a rate ten times greater than the Biitish. Here are the figures: In July U. S. airmen destroyed 500 Axis planes, lost 108 bombers of their own. In other words we knocked out fives times as many planes as we lost. In the same months, the British knocked out 129 enemy planes, but lost 258 of their own. In other Words, tile British lost two planes for every one they knocked out. Xhe British were operating at night when they could not see the enemy so well, but also wken the enemy could not see them. American planes, operating in the daylight, could better concentrate on enemy fighter planes, but also were better targets for the enemy. Merry-^Go-Koupd When South fUarolina’s Senator Puriiet JVIaybank voted against the Adminisfration recently, Walter Brown, in Justice Byrnes’ pffice, mailed Maybanjc g copy of one of his campaign ciiculars. In it Maybank had vowed that he would support the President under all ciicum.stances, come what may. Under this pledge. Blown scribbled “Lest we forget, lest we forgqt,” and n;ailed it to the Senator. . . . '^hen the Coast Gaurd CuUei “Escanaba” was sunk in the North A,tlantic in Jung, pi ess reports said that 68 out of hgr GO men weie lost, ft was true that only two survived, hut the loss was heavier, since GO is her peace time complement, and she cairies many ino,i'e men jn wur fiipe. . .. The two Escana,ba surviyors a,ie pn a touy of wgr pla,nts. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
‘Tell me. Grandma. Wfien you crossed the'eountry is a covered wagon, was foraging for food just as difficult?”
9h. JhsL
St. John’s Episcopal Church 6th and Ferry Streets Rev. R. F. Thornton, Minister 8 a. m.—Service on Sunday— Hol^ Communion celebration. 9:46—Morning service and sermon. Topic of Rev. Thornton’s sermon is “Thanksgiving.” St. Cecilia Choir of women and gii’ls will sing under the direction of H. I. Metzger.
St. Mary’s Catholic Church ' Columbia and 12th Streets Father Edward Holland, Student Pastor Sunday Masses at 6:30, 8 and 9:30 a. m. Confessions today from 3 to 6 p. m., and at 7:16 p. m.
Placemen!' Notes Fpr Womeii American Airlines, Inc., New York City, will be interviewing at the Palmey House in Chicago August 11-12 from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. Anyone interested in applying for positions with this company should call Placement Service for Women, 2966, at once for further information. A representative of General Electric Company, Pittsfield, Massachusetts, will visit the campus on Friday, August 13, to interview women with ti-aining in chemistry, physics or mathematics. Anyone interested should call Placement Service for Women (2966) at once to make an appointment.
Juft Looking
By Jack Abbett
Something big is indeed happening in the United^ Nations’ camp, and it might be for better or for worse. With the announcement that Russia was not invited to the proposed Roose-velt-Churchill conference, the ears of the American ipepfile and of all other,interested parties began to press the ground tb hedr any possible dissention sounds among the big three of the United Nations. When the Rus- ■ - sians first heard of the pro- and with its completion, Italy has
posed conference, they set up
a howl; but after a short time, x X things quieted down and the ~ . Rimciionc: that thev had M'd-wegterpers m,their unselfish jttussians said tnat tney naa gj,g^^ commotion not been expepted to be invited, proposed 26 per cent cut This might mean that action is go- gagojing. This seems sort of peing to be started on a grand scale g^jjar when we stop and realize that Opinst the Japanese without the gastern seaboard states have aid of Russian arms or Russian air g^j. j^alf of our proposed cut, bases, or it might mean Roosevelt g^^ mid-western gas will and Churchill are trying to take g^able the easterners to have more away part of the Russian peace fg,. pigasure driving. The w&y power by a quick attempt to finish ^j^g mid-westerners act would make off the war before the Russians can ^gjyjg people think that this was not break the main German defense a united country, but a sectionalized,
selfish, disunited commonwealth. It
■—X-X— would certainly be tough if the * The Italian boot has good reason whole country were rationed down to get nervous as the final stages of to two gallons—some people just the Sicilian campaign draw to a could make jt up to their summer close. The Germans evidently cottage for the week end.
thought that they could hold Sicily; for they sent in some of their best divisions, but these were no match against the proud British Eighth
Sigma Hu
. announces the initiation of the
ArmyandAmeiican Seventh Army, following men: John Pardee, IndiVictory was theirs even before they anapolis; John Fleck, Indianapolis; l_anded for they had the will to win. burton Randolph, Indiam^polis;
The Germans were slowly pushed back and the Italians were swept back. Mussolini fell, and the only serious threat to complete victory were the Germans, but with the allied landings behind the Geiman lines, the fate of the Germans was sealed on the shores of Sicily. The campaign can last but a shoit time.
Robert Ewing, Lawrence and Tom Cutshall, Knox, Housekeepers may noyv rate as high as chief petty officers in the naval reserve under a new special-
ist rating.
Wesley Foundation 436 State Street Rev. K R. Balsley, Minister 9:30 a. m. — Student Church Lowell Knoop, V-12, will lead the program. 10:40—Seivices at the First Methodist Church, three blocks east of the Wesley Foundation. Rev. Balsley will speak on “Three Dimensional Living.” Miss Marjorie Zumstein will sing. 6 p. m.—-Informal Evening Recreational Fellowship. The Foundation will be open next week for servicemen, but there will be no planned program. '
Hillel Fok^dation 1J6 Sheetz Street Ka.bbi M. H. Simon 10:30 a. m.—Services at Fowler Hall.
(Continued from page 1) During the last five years he has been a full time member of the faculty there continuing his research woik in corn storage investigations and with farm structures. He has become known for the research Work he has done in grain storage investigations for the U. S. Department of Agiiculture. Dr. Barre is a member of Tau Beta Pi, honorary engineering fraternity; American Society of Agricultural Engineers, Sigma Xi, research fraternity, Phi Kappa Phi, science honorary, the Iowa Engineering Society, and Sigma Tau, engineering society. The coming of Dr. Barre is expected to bring a general expansion of the research program in agricultural engineering.
Buy Wsr Bonds
— LAST TIMES TODAY H^ider^pf the
— PLUS — BARTON MacLANE as A GENTLE GANGSTER
ABC cqou washed air
SUI^XY - MONDAY
— ALSO —. 'MEDICINE ON GUA,RD''
- LAST TIMES TODAY — 'BAD MEN OF THUNDER GAP" "FALCON'S BROTHER" "G-MEN vs. BLACK DRAjON" PATHE NEWSi I
pH
Xrmy, Marine News
,!
•w
Fffv Sprvipe Men, By Serpifse^ Men
Pa
"9SSP
Pf-
>a ^
royr i§gg AST Sdftkoli League
M"? tef d 1^ .Nayy-M#ri.ne
ilriiiiriatioii ||okiflp^i'ili‘n4'Will f&liow Fo,ur .tje^s still at ,tlie tap ,pf ,th,e ar^ ao:^thall ^Siffue ^t ,t|he ,of the third cppiipetition. lectio,ns ^AS, !^2, B^ii^^dpi hs.ye all,l^een un^^.eat^d up ,t,9 the present tinde -vvith ah,opt i^yo xnoro ,gaipes play^ hefcire ^t^e h^inp^pg ,tl;i,e
sinygle elip^inatioh plpypffs.
, Sixteen'tea,ms in the top half of the league ,y^i,]jhe,ojp,pe|te ip
^e plpy.^s ,iyhic,h ,p^^ll b^gh?
aijound Septepiber hO, to d^tex- 2 mine the pumher one army C6 2 Softball team, 2 Navy and pnarine softball d3 "11'""''"'” 2 ^enthusiasts have completed M9 1 tihfeir second week of compebitipn iE2 2 having played a maximum of three A7 2 games. Seven .teams, .the majority B2 2 ^ them navy outfits, have the lead B3 2 at present. C5 2 Navy and marine teams will also ^ compete in a single elimination 2 contest beginning around Septem- '2 her 16 which will determine the top ^ flight sailor or marine team. -^1 ' ^ •' Standings and schedules of the ^ AST and Navy Organizations are ^ listed below: B1 •. 1 AST LEAGUE El 1
Team
Won
Lost
Pet.
E3 .
1
1
A6
6
0
1.00
MlO
1
1
B2 ....
6
0
1.00
B4 .
1
2
B3
6
0
1.00
B5 .
1
2
bi
6
0
1.00
B6 ..
1
.2
C6 ....
6
1
.83
D1 ..
1
2
D3 .
4
1
.80
D6 .
1
2
A7 ...
8
1
.76
A6 .
0
1
A1
“..4
2
.67
E4 ..
0
> 1
A4 ....
4
2
.67
Mil
0
1
C3 .. .
4
2
.67
A3 .
0
2
A3 ..
2
2
.50
A4 .
. .../i
0
2
B4 ...
1
1
,60
A8 .
0
3
^2 ....
2
4
.36
C4 .
0
3
C6 .
1
r
.26
B5 . .
1
4
.20
ARMY SpFTBAUL
8
....i 0
2
,00
Mupday, August 16
n2 ....
0
2
.00
Diamond—
B1 ...
0
3
.00
11-
-A2 vs. A1
^6
0
3
,00
12-
-A3 ,vs. A4
B6 ...
0
3
.00
13-
—A6 vs. A6
C7 ....
0
3
.00
14-
—A7 vs. B1
C4 ...
. . .. 0
4
.00
15-
—B2 vs. B3
D4 ..
0
6
.00
16-
-B4 vs. B6
17-
-B6 vs. B7&8
V-12 leaguje
18-
-Cl vs. C2
Won
Lost
Pqt.
19-
-C3 vs. C4
387
2
0
1.00
20-
-C6 VS.C6
B8
8
0
1.00
21-
-C7 vs. D1
bx ....
1
i,po
(See FO.UR TEAMS, Page
FEiiowsn NEED A HAIRCUT OR SHAVE?
FOR CONVENIENCE DROP DOWN TO THE UNION BUILDING BARBER SHOP FOjUR Barbers at Your Service I CHARLEY ORMAN CLIFF COSTO STEVE SWANSON PERRY HAZELBAKER
JhsL Wsmjo^juaL lAnk^ The Corner of thp Campus— Yet tl^e Center (ft Activities
BSO'Cdiitp Shows Will Pre,s$j|| Hold Everything' On Tufsd^y
Six Acts To Star In Vaudeyille Featuring Chester Fredericks Co.
Thfi Forum By Pfc. Gabriel Elias ,
Service men an the campus will be m for a gala evening ne^
mfn“"pe\s?narcolumn"™ hoX'hVagVee* Tuesday wheu “Hold Everything”, new USO-Carnp ShoWS Thofe witwngSo“taik*about ^’me^wng^du- Production, is presented here with a cast of top flight vkudethem, should write to the Forum, c/o the ville stars. The Site of the presentation, to be announced later, ontiTxhia will be either the Music Hall or Fowler Hall. Admission Will
By Pfc. Gabriel Elias
“The views expressed herein are Acs, daily, the common man’s or-
personal opinion and do not neces sarily reflect official or editorial at-
titude,”
he limited to service men, and
will be free.
Headlining the bill is Chester Fredericks and Co. Fred-
he didn’t even ask me my
TO HUNTER AND PUBLIC Pardon us for not arguing with you. Hunter. Perhaps you disagree in aj)proach, but you do seem to favor the democratic tide against the Fascist side; so why argue? The reactionaries, the Fascists, are too strong for the believers in democracy to continue tossing dictionaries at each other from parlor
ganizations by taking few specific instances and blowing them up to
falsifying proportions, isn’t it clear . ,
that this mouthpiece of native Cricks, a top flight VHUdoviljliail Fascism seeks to destioy the agen- Well known on Broadway, who cies that give the small man an has toured extensively in Australia, equal voice? Europe and South America, brings When a newspaper chain tells its ^ rapid fire talk and patter poor readers to clamor for a tax together with a sensational danethat takes a pair of shoes away turn, including an •hilarious from the $12 a week employee on travesty on jitterbuys. His “Cotnthe theory that the men of means P^’Uy” and partner is pretty Kay
must be left an untaxed surplus Wilson, who acts as his foil, with which to hire the shoe-less “Slowly I Turn”
arm chairs. - Now is the time to
throw our united weight against man,-isn’t the Fascist in- Another featured comedy act is
Ngyy, Army Tgbnt To Give ’Hqppy Hour’ Three Musical Organizations To Participate In Saturday Show
By T/Sgt, Jerry Koetting
Navy and army talent in the entertainment field is being joined for the first presentation of the combined Army-Navy Happy Hour, next Saturday night in the Music Hall at 8, Three large musical aggregations, presenting three entirely different types of harmonious offerings, will be featured in this carnival of entertainment, open to the general public as Another generous gift on the well as to service men of all part of the progi-am’s directors will three armed forces. In addi- three-count _iem,
tion, a number of novelty acts,
. ' , , . , . , ea,ch 01 the services ■will be repre-
instrumental soloists, boxing bouts,
a plentiful proportion of humor, entertainment for lack of a
and a couple of promised “surprises” are written into the eve-
ning’s bill of fare.
The inter-service harmony
man to keep thp /show moving. Among the individual acts to be presented by servicemen are an accordion soloist, a whistling-singing
keynoted by the Army-Navy Glee ^ piano soloist, 'and a farce Club, in which soldiers, saibrs and gome of the performers have marines will blend musical efforts already appeared before Purdue as one of the evening’s features. A audiences, but others will be introsecond major music organization to duced to the Music Hall attendance
be presented will be the Navy for the first time.
Dance Orchestra, giving out music The Happy Hour is being readied in the rhythm pattern. And the under the joint efforts of Army and large Navy Band, offering the more Navy members. Lt. Samuel Naistately and military facet of the smith, Recreation Officer of the musical program, will have its por- aSTP Battalion, and Lt. (j.g.) Lee tion of the show. Somers, Welfare and Recreation On the more belligerent and less Officer, Naval Program, are in harmonious side of the program charge of the program, assisted by there will be a series of three box- Tech. Sgt. Jerry Koetting, Army, ing bouts. Army, Navy and Marines and' Chief Specialist Bernard Loft, will each match a pair of their re- Naval Training School. The Happy spective representatives, to battle , Hour was formerly presented en. three rounds apiece for imaginary tirely by the Navy group at the honors and the entertainment of the University, until the recent increasi audience. in Army trainees stationed heiv.
tent to browbeat and confuse clear ? that of Young and Kaye, who call And when the would-be rulers their skit “Slowly I Turn,” which foster antagonism —against Onen- features Kaye’s attempt to tell hb tals and zoot suiters on the West hfe story—with antics and clo^Coast,—against the colored in oth- mg and faUs by Young as he tries
er communities,—-'against workers to illustrate it.
petty7distanTdi«-ercesTnrtead of distiicts,-against colored Paul Nolan, the Juggling Jester,
Jewish and Catholics in hooded offers a combined comedy and jugteiritoiy,—against college-trained gling act which has kept his name thinkers among the stupid,—isn’t in lights for over two decades, and it clear that these Fascists disrupt has brought him recent featured the common man’s unity in order to spots at the Radio City Music HaU, rule over the contesting factions? the Strand and the Roxy in New
Can one doubt the Facsist motives York,
behind the statement, “I love cer- Beautiful Talent
tain mces if they stay in their
place.”-in the attitude that re- ^ fuses to hire members oi certain -- - - - ' -y
races,—in the confusing- he of an over-pubhshecl committee that the
/ies have built up their machinery ^ecen lace ooc s ec was a ii- then baye heen
nf butable to the improper struggle of
the down-trodden for equality (thus weakening the determination of the democratic elements to eradicate
intelligent remark of another For- discrimination evi-
denced by the racial holocausts)—
. . , . and in the purge tronr our educastruggle to bring the greatest good ^hose teachers who to the greatest number without lim- citizen’s itatioivof color, race, creed or borin- ^ think and strive for dary; but everybody claims that to jgtg human equality,
be his ideal. Ho'W are we to single
out the Fascist liar?” Apply the test ot the greatest Los Angeles Orpheuip.
The fact is that this test has greatest number with- sjx-Man Line
worked and still works. The Fas- limitation of color, creed, or gj^ dancing girls, the Harrjet cists do not even pretend that they boundaries, and spiead its iaith. If jjgjje Victory Girls will .form’'iluf desire the greatest good for the encounter confusion m its ap- ghow’s line, and there will be a^vgreatest good for the greate^ num- P^cation, cure that condition by re- gj.gj goloi&ts besides .the ones n^-
ber without limitation. E|en in ^he message over and over
their wildest claims they do not ™ The show is one in a large espouse best for all, but for a spe- consciousness oi the people gf productions by the camp allows cified element to whom they appeal ^bat no Fascist group will I’emain division of U^O, which or which they enthrone as super- palely concealed among a divided troupes of popular entertainers ior
privileged selfishness, not in indulge an egocentric urge to tear our
comrades apart.
Leaders of democracy have ever diffused their strength in fratricidal fights against each other over
concentrating on the common enemy. That accounts for Hitler’s victory over an overwhelmingly democratic nation, for Mussolini’s ability in 1920 to rob the people of political democracy while they argued over the best techniques for achieving economic democracy, and for the lamentable weakness of the recent French Republic. In the U. S., too. that fact accounts for the unfortunate disorganization of the progressives while the reactionar-
of obstruction.
Frank, let’s put your arm chair letter aside and consider a more
uni reader. “Yes”, he says, “It is clear that the American way is a
of beautiful and talented girls in an acrobatic comedy act. Tfiey were
on the road here with the oyt^kestras of Shep Fields, Tommy Tucker
and Va,ughn Monroe. '
Frank Payne, young impressionist credited with amazing portrayals of movie star’s,and others, cqm^s here aftey a 27 week run ^ Hotel Sherman' in Chicago, ^e h^s also appeared at the Chicago apd Oriental Theaters in that city, tbe Park Plaza in St. Louis and tlje
Sidinq^ Out
3>ssiL (UwsL In jCris/j, Clean Clothes
Phone 4081
DELIVERY FREE
Northwesl-ern at VineSt-reet
/
lors.
The monarchs favored royalty only to the Italians and gave benefits only to selected gangsters; Hitler promised divinity to German Aryans only and gave power to selected sadists. Each limited his class of beneficiaries. In America there are the native Fascists who would benefit only certain classes or who would limit our viewpoint to our geographical boundaries. These, too, can be fumigated by this
test.
people.
To The Editor
Letters
presentations at array and pavy ^es-
tablishments.
Sdie^teOfSyjei^
Dear Piivate Elias;
August 14—^August 18
Friday, Augp&t H
2000:—Dancing at the USQ, .O^th
I wish to compliment you for the and Ferry Streets, featuring Loy^^ letter which' you wrote to Mr. Hunt- Meade and Band. Re4L-esh)?i,epl@
er and for its genssous and friend- ■will be served,
ly spirit. His leply has all the grace 2030Dancing for Service (but little oT the wit) ^of a retort and their dates—or go stag—^in
Apply this test to current sped- 'r° ^in- Union BalU’ooms, this we^k ’ be
nei . Please do not let this experi- under the supervision of tl^e JJS9‘ ence dampen the aidor of your en- 1900-2200:—Puttering S^op, |othusiasm of expression for the cated on Zero deck of the Upjidpi principles and ideals which you Building, will be open to gery^valuc and which your correspond- luen whose hobbies are ppiptipg,
ent says he “loves” but cannot bear to have repeated. Carry on Piivate Elias, in the same generous spirit and for the same high purpose. You can afford to be patient and
(See LETOER, Page I)
fic situations and see the native
Fascist smoked out:
When a newspaper publishes daily cartoons on its front page that paint, as dopey dreamers, the humanitarians who devote their lives towards helping the common man,—can theie be doubt of the Fascist attempt to defeat hiimani-
tarianism with indiciile?
When a national columnist\ vili-
sketching, clay modeling,
and photography.
cra^
Sunday, August 15 Church Sei'vices; — Beginnjp^ Sunday, August 1, 1943, will be held in Eliza Fowl^ instead of the Hall of Music, fpr thje month of August. , 0830:—Catholic Services. (|F?itb-
er Holland).
0930:— Protestant Secy^i&s. (Revelend Uncapher). 1030:—Jewish Services. (Rftbiu
Simon).
1400-1700:—Puttering SI\ap,' ^9cated on Zero deck of the Ujlipn Building, .will be open to Setvj^-
men.
Wednesday, Augv^ 18 1930;—Dancing and entert^ipnient at the U^O, 6th and FftE^cy Streets.
University Presby.teriap North Street, near,Graiit John W. Findley, MUuip^jr 9:30—Student Class l^by H. Graves. ^ 10:30—Morning Worship. moii theme, “Learning and ty.” The choir will sing", ing pver Israel,” fropi Fli|ii^ |tp|l “Peace I Leave 'With erts. . , There ,wiil l(© Ipo Rteet^pg Sunday Evening Club.’ -"‘Yc '' ■ ■‘t^ > ■' ' *«,"/' *
-V**.'
r'
tcw.iM* >yi Page 4
FuriJiiS Exponent
- ^ i ' ■ ' ' ‘ 'irt>f''?i t ’^1 > ’ ‘ , . V ':a, . .1 ^ 1 . ' Saturday^ ^ugmt 14i l94§
Boilermakers Conclude Summer Football Practice
Survey Reveals Many
Outstanding Prospects
Grandstand Echoes
By Ray Smith
Following the conclusion of an effective four-week summer drill which provided an opportunity to take preliminary inventory of material available for this fall’s Boilermaker football squad, Coach Elmer Burnham and his staff of assistants are faced with the none too enviable task of dividing the Boilermaker grid enthusiasts into two groups in preparation for the re-opening of practice on Mon day, August 30. signed to the Naval Training
Looking forward to a stren- electricians, Dan Richer, 1 j 1 i-i. j, freshman numeral winner at Iowa; uous schedule that opens i .. r> i, ^ . . T 1 j. ^ j. Robert Reif, a member of the undeagainst Gieat Lakes at Great felted Oregon State freshman Lakes on Sept. 18, Burnham eleven of last fall; and Charles Linplans to split the record-breaking der, who won his numerals at Cinsquad into two groups. Between 50 cinnati. Other tackle aspirants and 60 men from a summer squad without previous collegiate experithat reached a high of 161 candi- ence include Stanley Schultz, an alldates and averaged a daily turnout state selection while playing for of 130 will be tentatively assigned Soldaii high school; St. Louis, Mo.; to the varsity of “A” group, with Paul Uber, Olean, N. Y., and Louis the remainder assigned to the “B” Heller, who hails from Manuals squad, for which an effort will be high school, Louisville, Ky.
made to ari'ange a regular schedule Ends
of games. Burnham announced that Sifting out capable wing candithere will be no hard and fast line dates from a willing, but comparabetween the makeup of the “A” tively inexperienced group, proand “B” squads and that candidates vides one of the most puzzling will be shifted back and forth de- problems for the Boilermaker pending upon their development. coaching staff. On the basis of sumHelp From Armed Forces mer returns, among the leading conThe gridiron possibilities of the fendeis will be two Marine transNavy and Marine V-12 students from the Illinois freshman have admittedly brightened the eleven of last fall, Joe Buscemi and University’s football prospects for Bauman, along with Joe Colthe coming campaign, although the bngs. West Lafayette high school coaches have had little opportunity product; Nate Laskin, numeral winto estimate the possibilities of the ^be Boilermaker freshman group as a well-knit unit. team of last fall, and Herbert HoffIn commenting on the summer of Mishawaka, who was the drill, which he termed a “get-ac- freshman in the line of the quainted” session, Burnham said, undefeated Shuitleff College eleven
“The enthusiasm of this squad sets last season,
a new high, but it will take actual Other V-12 wingmen who must competition to prove its worth as a be considered include Fred Halpin, team.” Francis Foughty, and William A decidedly tentative survey of O’Keefe, lettermen from North Dathe Riveter’s grid possibilities for kota; Melvin Brown, letterman this fall, by positions, follows: from Tennessee Tech; John Moore, Centers reserve from Missouri; Ferdy AraLou DeFillippo, former Ford- movich and Melvin Clatt, reserves ham sturdy, assigned to the Naval fiom Illinois; Nicholas Steshko, unit, is expected to materially bol- minor letter winner here, and ster the center post. DeFilippo is Harry Dameron, who held down the expected to be provided his main right wing for the Missouri School support by Bill Newell, lightweight of Mines during a part of the 1942 150 pound scrapper from Stafford, campaign. The remainder of the Kas., minor letter winner here for end roster is composed of candithe past two seasons; Joseph Mor- dates without any previous collegrow, reserve center at Missouri last iate experience, including Robeit season, and Walter Poremba, cap- Kalmbach, Toledo, Ohio; William tain of the Lincoln (Cleveland, Funke, Cincinnati, Ohio and Albeit Ohio) high school eleven of two Jeffers and Charles Haag, Evansyears ago, all V-12 students. Other ville. ^
possibilities include James Lock- Quarterbacks
wood, of Hinsdale, 111., an all-state Filling the quarterback berth high school selection of last fall. provides an equally perplexing Guards problem. Sam Vacant!, major letter With the single exception of Alex winner at Iowa, and Jimmy Darr, Agase, Marine V-12er who won na- Bob Steubei’s understudy at Mistional recognition for his play at souri, both erstwhile halfbacks, Illinois last season, the guards are have been shifted to the pilot post, somewhat of an unknown quantity along with Blaine Hibler, another as far as Big Ten competitive cali- Missouri product who is a leftbre is concerned, and no less than handed passer. Ed Gerker, letter15 candidates are given a chance man from Missouri, is the lone to win places on the tiaveling quarteiback with collegiate experisquad. In addition to Agase, the ence at the post. Other signal callMarines have contributed five other mg possibilities include four recent men who won major letters last high school graduation Chalmes season, including Bob Rickbeil and Elliott, of Bloomington, 111., and Morris Kaastad, at North Dakota; Raymond Schultz, of Lane Tech, Joseph Hersch, Franklin and Maiv Chicago, both V-12 students, and a shall, Olin Lougheed, Ball State,' paii of 17-year-old engineeiing asand Jack Peffer, St. Josephs. pirants, Dffck Bushnell, of West James Laughtei, Boilermakei Lafayette, and William Kriegh-
freshman fiom Dayton, Ohio, and baum, of Rochester. Jim McMillen, of South Bend, Halfbacks
^Joilermaker fieshman iiumeial The Rivetei’s lone holdover majwinner of last fall, now Navy V-12 or letteiman fiom last fall, Ed Cytrainees, aie both in the thick of cenas, a Navy V-12 tiainee, apthe wide open fight for the guaid peais in a halfback contingent that assignments, along with Gilbeit has yet to prove itself in competiMordoh, Indianapolis, and Wallace tion. During the lestricted summer Hendiy, of Chicago, 111., Boilei- sciimmage sessions, the coaches maker leserves of last fall. Other bad little opjioitunity to get a real guard possibilities include Danahl hne on the running and passing Lehmkuhl and Jack Butt, reserves possibilities of the halfback canat Iowa and Illinois, icspectively, didates, but Stanley Dubicki, a last season; Biuce Poiter, Illinois South Bend pioduct who was named numeral winnei; Eugene Winters, the “most valuable back” on the unof Cehna, Ohio, fieshman numeial defeated Shurtleff College eleven winner at Ohio Univeisity, and Rol- last fall, along with Keith Parker, land Butler, of Joliet, 111., who cap- Missoii letteiman; Aithur Flint, tained his high school eleven in Iowa icseive, James Comer, high
scoier for Jalo Ji. College, and Joe
BURNHAM MUST CHOOSE TEAM Now that the four weeks of summer football practice has been completed, Elmer Burnham’s biggest worries begin, for now he has to make the decisions that will determine who will represent the Boilermakers on the giidiron during the coming season. Watching some 125 gridders work out daily for the past four weeks has been a pleasant pastime for many students, but for Burnham and his staff a great deal of work has been involved in watching these drills. ' CANDIDATES DESERVE CREDIT At the very beginning of the practice when over 100 candidates reported, Burnham told them that it would be necessary for the staff to cut the varsity squad to about 40 men. He also told the candidates that he would make his selections for the varsity on the basis of the performances show* during the four week summer drill. Realizing that it was now -or never every candidate present put his heart and soul into every drill. The football players certainly deserve a lot of credit for the energy they have expended during the past month. Most of us swelter while wearing light summer clothes, so it is £asy to realize the handicap under which the players went through the past month of practice. SCHEDULE PLANNED FOR B TEAM Those who do not quite meet the qualifications set up by Burnham and his staff for the varsity squad will not be foi gotten or neglected after the varsity choice is made. Present plans call for the formation of a B squad that will have its own schedule. Already one game has been arranged for this team with Culver, and the Athletic Department does not intend to limit the card to a single contest. Since there will be no freshman eleven this fall, the B team is likely to be called upon to assume the duties formerly done by rhinie squads. HERE AND THERE Rumors have it that the Michigan State game might’be replaced by a game with the Michigan Wolverines. The game is not likely to materialize for too many changes w'ould be involved. ... We are certain that Red Mackey will do all in his power to plug the gap in the grid schedule. . . . Lots of luck to Fred Cimerblatt as he organizes a baseball team from the V-12 trainees. . . . Two proteges'of the late John McGraw are now National League managers, Mel Ott of the New York Giants and Fred Fitzsimmons of the Phillies. .. . Gundar Haegg has set new records in 60 per cent of his appearances in this country. . . . The football team reassembles on August 30.
three Boilermaker Coaches To Appear
At Coaching Clinic
Joe Dienhart Added To Grid Coaching Staff
Three membersfof the Boilermaker athletic staff will appear on the program of the first annual coaching school sponsored by the Illinois High School Athletic Goaches Association which will open at the University of Illinois next Wednesday to continue through Saturday. Elmer Burnham, head football coach, will discuss “Offense Against Changing Defenses” before the wind-up session on Saturday, while Cecil Isbell, newly signed assistant coach, former Boilermaker and Green Bay Packer great, will be featured in a forward passing demonstration on Friday afternoon. Hermon Phillips, head track coach, will discuss “Running Events In Track” before the Thursday afternoon program. Doxie Moore, former Riveter football and basketball star, who has been serving as coach at Mt. Vernon, 111., and recently was commissioned as an officer in the U. S. N. R., is serving as manager of the coaching school.
Joe Dienhart, athletic director and coach of all sports at St. Joseph’s College, whose football elevens have been undefeated for the past two seasons, has been signed as assistant football coach and instructor in physical education here and will report for duty Monday, it was ^nounced yesterday by Guy Mackey athletic director.
Classified Ads
Notices
Staff Members: Members who wish copieo of the new catalogue may get them by tele* phoning the editois’ office or calling in per* eon. —BODDEN
Michigan State Drops Football
All Students: Any students who wish to work for the Registiar during the re»isfxa-» tion for the semi-term, August 31 and September 1, will please leave their names at the desk in the Registrar’s Office —STONE
August Graduates: All men Engineering and Science graduates should report to the Per&qnnel Office as soon as possible to complete their personnel cards. Also, faculty recommendation sheets should be turned in before graduation. —CASON
PIA Junior Nurses Aides: You may call foi your certificates for the summer’s work at the west desk in the Union this week —RIBORDY
Pi Tau Sigma: Keys are in and mav be obtained at the M. E office. —EVANS
TSME Seniors: Be sure to fill out applications for transfei of membership bcfoie leaving school. Get your blanks in ME office —BADGER
PEW Lockers: Women students not attending the semi-term should empty gym locktr and turn in lock. $1 00 icfund —HAZELTON
PEW Golf: All golf clubs must be checked in to Department office at once —HAZELTON
AM Students: Conditional examination in Applied Mechanics will be held Tuesday, August 31, from 9 to 12 a m in room 110, Hcavilon Hall. —SANDERS
Life History
Word was received Tuesday that one of the Rivetei’s 1943 football opponents, Michigan State, has decided to drop the game of football for the duration of the war. The Spartans decided to erase the spoit from their program because of military demands upon the male stu-
dents.
Head Coach Chailey Bachman, who had already staited to conduct drills for fifty inexperienced candidates stated, “the decision to drop inrercollegiate football under piesent conditions came after we had exhausted eveiy possibility of carrying on the spoit.” Michigan State was scheduled to open its campaign against Michigan at Ann Arbor on September 25, and were slated to preceed Indiana on the Boilei maker schedule. The game was to have been played here on Nov. 13. Riveter Coach Elmer Burnham said it was regrettable that Michigan State had to cancel its schedule, but that colleges where only army men are stationed have no other choice in the matter.
Letter
(Continued from page 1) or four years were incoiporated into some new ideas about heads. The Exponent also saw the need for more pictures to liven up the pages, and it became a common sight to see at least one picture on the front page. The following year, 1933, the paper remained in practically the same groove as the year before; but one inteiesting detraction was the October 27, 1932, paper. The question of who should be President of the United States was before all the nation, and the Exponent, deviating fiom its constant course as a purely student publication, held an election to determine whom the University students wanted for their chief executive. The vote of the students in this straw poll gave a great majority for Herbert Hoover. Hoover received almost seventy-five per cent of the total vote.
Four Teams
(Continued from page 3) 22—D2 vs. D3
NAVY & MARINE SOFTBALL Tuesday, Aug. 17 Diamond—
Board Of Trustees
1941.
iackles Johnson, Coffeyville Ji. College, atJudging liom summei dulls, tiacted considerable attention, more expeiience and power is con- Lewis Rose, sophomoi'e engineercentrated at tackle than at any oth- mg speedster fiom Hobart, header position on the squad. Although imes a gioup oi candidates with no
'ehl ' ■
eventual assignments are still tar pievious collegiate expeiience that from decided, with 14 candidates includes John Ade, Kentland, Glenn considered in the lunnmg loi “A” Tobias, Huntington, Robert Procsquad assignment, lour leltei man tei, Biazil and Leonaid Milauskas, stalwaitb fiom Illinois, Iowa, and Amsaeidam, N. Y. Another possiMissouri, aie among the leading bility is Robeit Bossett, of Spiing competitors John Gems, Illinois Lake, who won his fieshman numCaptain elect; Mike “Battleship,” eials at Clenison and was a ie.serve Kasap, 240-pounder liom Illinois, at Indiana duimg the’42 campagin.
John .Staak, Iowa, and 'J'om Hughes, Fullbacks
Beginning On September 9, 1933, the paper moved to the second floor of the Union Building. The former office of the Exponent had been situated in the Univeisity Hall. Because of financial reasons, the paper had to curtail publication, and came out only five times a week. The paper also changed i^s editorial page make-up, and out of this change came the modern newspaper editorial column, a column and a half
wide.
(To Be Continued)
1— A1 vs. A2 2— A3 vs. A4 3— -Afi vs. A6 4— A7 vs. A8 5— B2 vs. B4 6— •B3 vs. B5 7— B6 vs. B7 8— B8 vs. Cl 9— C2 vs. C3 10— 04 vs. C6 11— C6 vs. D1 12— B1 vs Marine 7 13— D2 vs. D3 14— D4 vs. D5 15— D6 vs. El 17— E2 vs. E3 18— C8 vs. E4 19— Marine 8 vs. Marine 9 20— Marine 10 vs. Marine 11
. . . will meet this morning at 10:30 to pass formally on the degiees to be conferred tomoirow at commencement exercises, and to transact several loutine items of business.
Notice Any students who wish to work for the Registrar during the registration for the semi-term, August 31 and September 1, will pjease leave their names at the deslf in the Registrar’s Office. RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
place-kick specialist liom Missoui
All are Marine V-12-eis.
The collegiate veteians, howe
the Mamies aie laigely lesponsible loi ioitilying the fullback
aie being given plenty of competi
vei, spot. Expel lence at ^he post is
ceiitiated in a louisome of colleg-
tion by Bob Plevo, 17-year-old late V-12 lettei men cmnpoled of freshman from Chicago, a former Tony Butkovich, of Illinois, Ber-
souii. The remainder of the fullback candidates lack previous ei^peiience, including Raymond Stone, who hails from Shortiidge, Indianapolis, Geoige Mihal, of Emerson, Gary, a brother of Joe Mihal, foi mer Purdue captain, William Krelsle, of Tell City and Charles Fox, of Peoiia, 111.
captain at Bowen high school; Le- naid Tetek. of Tulane, and Leo Roy Jansen, Port Clinton, Ohio, as- Milla and Michael Popovich, of Mis-
’fRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Don Ameche, of all people, runs into telephone trouble with Gene Tierney in their latest picture, Ernst Lubitsch’s production of “Heaven Can Wait,” which is slated today at the Mars TheAtre. But Don doesn’t let a telephone get in his way, you can be sure. He’s an ardent swain in the Technicolor hit which features many other screen favorites.
fj 1, iSik
Dienhart, the newest addi- athletic director and coach of all tion to a Boilermaker staff that at St Joseph’s College, lo, , ,, , , ,, cated at Collegeville, near Renssehas recently lost three mem- j^er, in 1938, aiid promptly launched bers to the navy, has compiled equally successful program of an enviable record in the coach- competitive athletics. His football ing profession since his graduation elevens at St. Joseph’s, Indiana colfrom Butler of Indianapolis in 1928. legiate champions for the past two Immediately following his gradua- seasons, have played 21 straiglft tion, he was appointed head coach games without defeat, compiling at Cathedral high school, Indian- 1.000 records both last fall and in apolis, where he coached all four 1941. His basketball quintets have major sports and handled physical been almost as formidable, while his education classes for ten yeais. baseball teams have won the IndiRecord At Cathedral ana collegiate championship for the Under Dienhart’s tutelage, Ca- past two years, thedral won both state and national Teammate Of Noble Kizer recognition in football and basket- The new Boilermaker assistant, a ball. Undefeated in 1930 and 1931, native of Lafayette, started his athand losing but single games in 1934 letic career in the local Jefferson and 1935, his Cathedral elevens won high school where he was an out53 games while losing 20 and tying standing football and basketball six. In basketball, his 1933 Cathed- star, captaining the 1921 eleven, ral quintet won the National Cath- Dienhart started his collegiate caolic title, and Dienhart-coached reer at Notre Dame where he won' teams annexed the state Catholic major letters in both football and title five times. basketball, playing on the same Due to his outstanding success at teams with the late Noble E. Kizer, Cathedral, Dienhart was appointed former Riveter athletic director.
Typewriters: Adding macnines, all makes sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J, Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert's Loan Office, 407 Columbia.
Wanted—Stuaents to deliver the Exponent three days a week. Apply at the Circulation Department in the Exponent office.
Wanted—Three men students to do gen01 al janitor work, one hour daily and three hours on Satin day in exchange for private apaitment with private bath, kitchenette, electric refngciator, individual beds with inner springs, and all utilities furnished. Write, stating personal qualifications: age, draft status, year m school, religion, etc. Box 100, Exponent.
Female Help Wanted—Girls with two or more >eais of college ciedit Appl> at Wateiman School, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Lost Tuesday—Pair of shell iim glasses. Phone 5225. Sidney Lanici.
Have your rugs, carpets, furniture cleaned by the Trojan Rug-O-Vator Company. Wall to wall carpeting, orientals, and twist weaves a specialty. Dial 3298.
Wanted—Girl of pleasing personality and well proportioned figure as model for Artist Club Spare time Good pay. Reply Artist Club c/o Exponent.
Lost—Chi Omega pin on picnic grounds in back of Stadium or on obstacle course. Call 5067. Reward M, Giotnf'S.
DANCE
Del Courtney
And H is Orchestra
Tues., Aug 17-9:45 LAFAYEHE ARMORY
$1.10 COUPLE-Tax Paid
(Continued from page 3) painstakingly fkir because you are light—because you are on the beam. The Hunter after facts who is so brutally frank may in time, in spite of his squeamishness, catch the spirit of his country and of the times which give his facts their meaning. Regurgitation, which, he says, offends him, is, in fact, a process of feeding the very young. Yours sincerely, Wm. Howland.
2^^
A
Be your own Expert
Choose the special lieaiUy treatment created for the needs of your skin. Follow it faithfully. This is the “expert” way, the quickest, most effective way to loveliness, now and
always.
i?//
—Cleanse and massage with licli-lextured PASTEURIZED FACE CREAM SPECIAL. 1.00. Smooth away every trace of flaky diyness with town & COUNTRY NIGHT CREAM. 1.00. Wear TOWN & COUNTRY MAKE-UP FILM (1.00), the protective foundation, to keep your make-up lovely all day.
To “know” your skin...to use your preparations most effectively ... for the answer to special problems, consult our trained Helena Rubinstein representative.
Heleno Rubinstein Dry Skin Treatment, 3,00. Also Treatments for the Noimal, the Oily, the Disturbed, the Mature, the Dull, Drab Skin.
\ ‘