I
.‘>4 .fvl .,3''
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY March 5, 1938 Lafayette, hidiana VOL. 49 No. 127
[Purdue ^eets Uildcets a llig Ten Finale
Niles To Play, Sing On University Club
Program Tuesday
John Jacob Niles, of Louisville, Ky., singer of American folk music, will perform for the University Club in the Union Building at 8 p. m. on Tuesday, Prof. Frank C. Hockema, president of the club announced. Niles will use as an accompanying instrument a dulcimer, forerunner of today’s piano. This instrument was used extensively during the Middle Ages in central and Western Europe. In his recital, Niles will sing some of his own compositions, along with folk music from England and this country. This will include English ballads, folk music from southern United States, carols, and nursery rhymes. Niles, who has made a special study of folk music during his lifetime, appeared in public recitals of folk music since the age of 10. He interrupted his career during the World War, when he served overseas as an aviator in the Allied Army.
Elliott Speaks For
Real Estate Group
“Each graduate of Purdue or Indiana University adds not less than $10,000 to the capital wealth of the state,” said President E. C. Elliott when he addressed a meeting of the Indianapolis real estate board in the capitol city Thursday. In his opening comments Dr. Elliott explained that an economist “is one who tells you how to spend your money after it has been spent for something else. Purdue University is an indirect product of the profession you represent. Purdue is a creature of the federal government through the so-called landgrant act of 1862.” President Elliott explained that the University today represents $10,000,000 worth of property, involving 5,000 acres and 100 buildings and serving 7,000 students and faculty members. Annual expenditures of the University total at least $5,000,000, he said.
Maxon To Play At Cary Hall Formal
Members of Cary Club will hold their annual formal dinner dance this evening in the north men’s residence hall from 8:30 until midnight, with Roy Maxon and his 10-piece orchestra furnishing the music.
Featured with Roy Maxon and his orchestra, which is from St. Louis, Mo., is the 17-year-old vocalist. Miss Lucille Nova. The entire dining room has been decorated in black and white, and the back-drop features the song “Josephine.” Chicken dinner will be served at 8:30 p. m. Favors for the dance include gold filled bracelets, inscribed with the Cary Club crest, and they will be presented at the door as the couples enter.
Men's Glee Club Sings For
Community Fund 'Kick-Off'
Create Interest InWork.Says Dr.Graves
'Free Questioning Necessary In Class'
Bditoir’s Note: Today we present another popularly acclaimed “good teacher” from the University instructional staff. This is the third of a series of interviews on teaching.
“I believe that interest in a subject has to be created before the student can learn it properly. This is one of our main difficulties in mathematics.” Thus Dr. G. H. Graves, of the University mathematics department responded yesterday afternoon to our inquiries concerning his teaching methods, as he sat in his Recitation Building office. “It’s much easier to work with something in which you are interested,” he added to emphasize interest in the subject as the prime requisite for learning. Always Question “Class meetings are times when there should be the greatest free-
dom, so that difficulties in the work may be cleared up . . . that is the main reason why we go to class . . . and there must be a questioning attitude at all times.” Even though he doesn’t believe in joking during class time. Dr. Graves’ classes are far from dull, as his popularity among students will indicate. While mathematics entails so many figures and “x’s” and “y’s” as to become boresome easily, his class sessions, though not witty, are always interesting. “O. K., Teach Me” “Persons who aren’t willing to get down to work on a thing frequently shut themselves out,” he says. “You know it is deadly to have a class in which the students sit back and say, ‘0. K., teach me.’ “I do not come to class to teach the students ... I am there merely to help them learn the subject.” ‘ In answer to our question concerning the kind of student with whom he likes to work. Dr. Graves
Wanna Be A Forest
Ranger ...
... so I can sing on the range like Nelson Eddy,” spake Benton H. “Benny” Burns in baring his innermost desires for the press.
“Benny” is secretary to the president in “Of Thee I Sing,” pretentious all-campus musical satire of the national political scene, and his speaking part consists almost entirely of the words, “Yes, sir!” “I’ve been lying awake nights trying to figure out different ways of saying ‘Yes, sir’,” complained Benny. “I pester my fraternity brothers to death and occasionally get in trouble by unintentionally giving my consent to something I don’t want or don’t like.” Likes Cherry Pies Benny likes cherry pies and huge steaks but doesn’t believe in pampering his palate with these delicacies shortly before singing . . . “it plugs up your voice” he commented. He got that gangling, striding gait from hiking through forests, but can’t figure out what gave him his wide tooth-paste smile. Master Burns started his musical career in Hirsch High School, Chicago, 111., as a sophomore. He appeared in several high school musical productions including two Gilbert and Sullivan comedies. Sophomore Forester He’s now a sophomore in forest-
Benny Burns
ry, but his dramatic and musical accomplishments aren’t too few. He had a leading role in the Playshop production, “Both Your Houses,” of last year; has sung in numerous Union varsity shows, and recently finished an “engagement” in “I’ll marry the Actress,” another Playshop show. “Just hope I can remember my lines in ‘Of Thee I Sing’,” Benny smiled widely, but slyly, as he pranced off for a surge through Happy Hollow and the deep dark forests.
Schilling’s Band Booked For Ag Dance March 18
Reverend McClure
Members of the school of agriculture, both students and faculty, will hold their second annual All-Ag dance Friday, March 18, members of the committee in charge announced last night. Sponsored by Alpha Zeta, Ceres, and Xi Sigma Pi, agricultural honoraries, the dance is being held primarily for persons interested in agriculture.
To Speak At Annual Foundation Banquet
Under the direction of A. P. Stewart, members of the University Men’s Glee Club sang last night for the “kick-off” of the Lafayette Community Fund drive at a meeting and dinner held in the Educational Building of the Central Presbyterian Church.
Lou Schilling’s campus band has been engaged and some special added novelty attraction may be announced later. A style show, featuring spring styles and modeled by co-eds under the direction of Ruth Ezra, was a feature attraction of last year’s dance.
Indiana Weather
Rev. C. M. McClure, pastor of the Methodist Episcopal Church at Greencastle, will speak at the annual Wesley Foundation Banquet, Tuesday at 6 p. m. in the Home Economics Building. Rev. McClure will pilot the banqueteers on a mythical sea voyage. The decorations and menu will also be of a nautical nature to make the atmosphere more complete. Following the banquet Hugh Deal will lead the group in singing popular songs of the sea. He will be accompanied by William McEachron and his orchestra. To conclude the program. Rev. McFadden, student pastor, and Mrs. McFadden will present recognitions of the Wesley Foundation Seniors.
Several other appearances of the Glee Club, under Albert Stewart’s baton, have been made this week. They were featured at the dads’ banquet Monday night and Floral Musical held Thursday night.
Forecast for Indiana: Rain today and tomorrow, with snow probable in the north portion of the state and fair in the south portion. Warmer today in the extreme north, colder tomorrow. Yesterday’s temperatures: High, 39; low, 26; mean, 82.
Grades Ought To Be Kept In Background
Victory Will Convert Assured Title Share To Undisputed Championship
had only one answer: “I don’t care whether he be a brilliant student or not, just as long as he is earnest and sincere.”
Grades Are Unimportant
“Grades should be kept in the background just as much as possible. I don’t think that people should work for good grades, or that good grades should be given reward. The understanding or the skill obtained ought to be its own compensation. ^ “In my classes it’s just a question of whether the jobs (separate units included in a course) are done at the end of the semester. Averages are loathsome to me.”
PROBABLE LINEUPS
Purdue Position
Young Forward Sines Forward Anderson Center Malaska Guard Beretta Guard
Broadcast—WIND, Gary, 560 kilocycles.
Take advantage of Exponent service and call 5037-5038 for results of tonight’s game with Northwestern.
Northwestern McMichael Smith Nagode Vance Voigts
In keeping with his belief of putting grades in the background. Dr. Graves employs a scheme of marking in which completing the required work of the course is stressed rather than numerical averages. Only one actual grade is given during the entire semester: that, the final grade for the registrar. ^ Tests For Knowledge One test is given over each division in the course. Instead of being graded, each test is studied by Dr. Graves with regard to the student’s knowledge of the work. If the student’s knowledge is complete, “B” is recorded in the class book for that portion of the course; if the knowledge is incomplete “C” is recorded.
Hopeful of turning an assured title share into an undisputed championship, 12 members of Purdue’s Big Ten pace-setting basketball squad left here last night for Evanston, 111., where the Boilermakers will meet Northwestern at 7:30 p. m. tonight in the key game of the conference windup. The return game with the Wildcats, who were defeated here earlier in the season, 37-26, will provide the hardwood finale for the Boilermakers, who have chalked up nine victories in II starts in Big Ten competition, and 17 victories in 19 starts for the season as a whole. ' ' Led by Jewell Young, who holds
Airman Maestro Will Play Tonight For Mixer-Goers
Students who fail to make the required “B” have two more opportunities to make up the work: by means of a make-up test, or the final examination. Dr. Graves gives individual makeup tests during the two weeks following completion of a job. If this (Continued on page 4)
Third Marital Talk
Open To Men Only
“Marriage From the Viewpoints of a Man Physician,” a talk for senior men only, will ibe the title of the third marital lecture to be given at 4 p. m. Tuesday in the Education Building lecture room. The speaker will be Dr. T. B. Rice, of the Indiana University School of Medicine in Indianapolis.
Allen Children To Play On Music Room Program
Bill Carlsen Bill Carlsen and his “band of a million thrills” will play for the regular mixer to be held in the Union ballroom tonight. Bill and his band come direct from the Trianon Ballroom in Chicago. Bill is both a saxophonist and clarinetist, and also does the arrangements for the band. The “band of a million thrills” features the ballad singing of Paul Skinner, whose voice has often been mistaken for that of a girl because it is so high. Between engagements Carlsen pilots an airplane as a diversion, and sometimes for business. He is the possessor of a transport pilot’s license. Bill often flies to various engagements, weather permitting. The regular admission price of one dollar per couple will prevail.
both the season and three-year Big Ten scoring records, and has twice tied the one-game mark. The Boilermakers are making their fourth invasion of Chicago this year. In three previous appearances in and about the Windy City, Purdue has turned in victories over DePaul, Loyola, and Chicago, but victory in the fourth invasion is by far more important than the earlier triumphs. Loss Means Tie While a victory for the Boilermakers, who have figured in the championship in three out of the past four years, would add another undisputed title to the string, a loss would leave both Northwestern and Minnesota in a position to cut in on the title. In addition to Young’s the game will bring to a close the collegiate basketball careers of Johnny Sines, clever passing forward, and Pat Malaska, diminutive dribbling guard. All three of the seniors have been big factors in Purdue’s hardwood successes of the past three seasons.
High School Sectional Basketball Scores
Jeff 72, Battle Ground 16 West Side 29, Dayton 15
Otterbein 36, Wadena 28 Oxford 42, Earl Park 34
Williamsport 37, Pine Village 21 Attica 35, Perrysville 17
Wingate 41, Waynetown 32 Crawfordsville 35, Darlington 24
Frances and David Allen, children of Dr. and Mrs. F. J. Allen, will play a program of classical music in the music room of the Union tomorrow at 4 p. m. The musical will include selections by Bach, Mozart, and Haydn.
Swing Session Tonighi An hour of swing music will be played by Bill Carlsen and his orchestra for all swing devotees in the Union ballroom tonight from 7 to 8 o’clock. Chairs accommodating 750 people will be available for the “jam session.”
Cutler 52, Carrolton 14 Flora 24, Burlington 7
Morgantown 33, Jackson Twp. 25 Rossville 39, Forest 36
Idaville 30, Burnettsville 26 Monticello 41, Round Grove 18
Wheatfield 25„Brook 22 Rensselaer 31, Remington 23
Rochester 28, Medaryville 18
Salesmanships Rotten Apples Served For Breakfast In Hockema’s 7 O ’clock
Pulaski 38, Akron 24
Royal Center 27, Young America 25 New Waverly 33, Twelve Mile 32
By Kenneth Houston
Newman Club Breakfast To Feature Fencing Newman Club will hold its monthly breakfast after the 9:30 Mass at St. Mary’s Church tomorrow. Members of the fencing squad will put on an exhibition of the saber and foil. ,
“Dean Potter wanted me to teach it and that’s the only time I can teach it.” With this reply. Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, answered your reporter’s question as to why GE 105 (Distribution of Engineering Products) is scheduled for Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at 7 o’clock in the morning. “If the students come at 7 every morning and be prompt, they show the primary requisites for success; and we are interested in people who are responsible,” Professor Hockema continued. Little Use For Text This class, primarily a course in salesmanship and salesmanship methods, meets., every Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday at 7 a. m. in the large lecture room on the second floor of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Thoujgh there is a textbook for the course, the class meet-
ings are a series of lectures by Professor Hockema about his experiences in selling . . . little attention is given to books. Prof. Dave Clark, of the mechanical engineering school, who is assisting Professor Hockema in the 7 o’clock class, says, “He teaches them a lot of things which aren’t in print which if put in print would be very valuable.” ^ 250 On Waiting List Probably in contradiction with the typical student’s opinion of a 7 o’clock class, 250 students are on the waiting list trying to get into the course, and the limiting number of 125 was reached in the first fouior five hours of second semester registration. Also, again contradictory. Professor Hockema has no trouble with sleepers in this 7 o’clock class, and, as he says, “They either stay awake (Continued on page 4)
Bloomington 40, Morgantown 29
Staunton 41, Brazil 40 (Overtime) Spencer 58, Patricksburg 28
Bedford 31, Mitchell 24
Mt.Vernon 26, Reitz 24 (Evansville) Central 63, New Harmony 14
North Side 29, Lee 19 South Side 68, Areola 29 Decatur 55, Harlan 25 (Ft. Wayne) Central 33, New Haven 19
Horace Hann 43, Wheeler 13 Emerson 30, Froebel 26 (At Gary) Lew Wallace 19, Toleston 18
Goshen 30, Nappanee 24
Roosevelt (E. Chi.) 84, Washington 26 Griffith 22, Edison 18 (Hammond) Clark (Whiting) 44, Hobart 36 Hammond 71, Calumet Twp. 21
New Albany 69, New Washington 6 Jeffersonville 76, Borden 23 (Continued on page 2)^dibftktL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^Oju/mfv
Saturday, March 5, 1938
Dear Editor: Editor's Note: Today Vicky replies to her sister’s letter of yesterday and the accusation that the brightest dimwits on the campus are the activities men and women." Maybe grades aren’t everything after all. Despite my sister’s general indictment of activities yesterday, extra-curricular work is of real educational value to those who participate. What if heavy work on outside projects and schedules that call for twenty hours a day on class work break students’ health, make inroads on their reserve of energy, leave them without enough sleep, bad stomachs, weary, exhausted ? They still have benefitted. Yesterday I ate lunch in the Union cafeteria, a delightful place to observe people. I saw a graduate student in a science department, pronounced brilliant by his directors, buttering a slice of bread whole. First he laid the hapless slice on his hand, then with a mortar slapping movement of his knife plastered on butter. He took half of it into his mouth with an eagerness that was a joy to see, in this place of general apathetic action and lukewarm interest. When the “bite” of bread was half chewed, he apparently became impatient for the rest of his meal, for he washed the bread down with a tumbler of water. One of his table companions experienced difficulty in handling his fork, and kept gripping it fiercely, as if to control it better. 6.5er Was A Social Blunderer Last year I knew one of these miracle 6.5ers. A more delightful person would be hard to find. He was happy, interested, enthusiastic. He knew his stuff and could talk well. But at a celebration dinner after he graduated,>^.he still criss-crossed his knife and fork, used nis napkin as though it were a wash cloth, and forgot to quarter his bread in the gentle way Emily Post and the What, Where, When colurnn tell us is courteous. Little things ? Yes. And I know Einstein goes around with shoes that don’t match, frowzy hair, and is so absent-minded that he doesn’t notice the difference between a fork and spoon when he’s eating—and he gets along. Just the same, much is done in pleasant social relationships with the higher-ups, whether in companies or universities. University grad-
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
^sociated MADISOM WISCONSIN Bntered lui second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Consress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authoriced Jan'. 20, 1922. Published daiiy except Monday during the regular academic year and ■weekly during the Summer Session. Campus aubscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60. REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National HdvertEsing Service, Inc. College Publishers Rejiresentative 420 Madison AVE. New York, N. Y.
CHICAGO - Boston »
L03 Ang
tLEs - SAN Francisco
Editor-In-Chief R. P. Manion
Bnsfness Mannrer D. C. Miller
Night Editor—Stanback Issue Editor—Houston Saturday, March 5, 1938
uates are supposed to have a high degree of social finesse—even scientists, technologists, and engineers, because of the respect, importance and expectation of superiority still accorded in the world today to the possessor of college degrees. Aef-ivity Students Know Social Graces Taken in a general cross section, I suspect that those graduates who participated in outside activities that called for meeting people, adjusting things, mingling with others in every situation, have more notion of the social graces than the majority of straight serious students who have made extremely high grades and never went out for anything extra-curricular. This is a great point in favor of activities. Perhaps it is a need which should be supplied by the University with a required social course, since apparently many come without such background that includes knowledge and practice of Emily Post’s maxims, used so much in superficial judging of people by those in position to blackball or promote. Activities people. I’ve discovered, seem able glad-handers, and have learned many of the niceties of generally accepted and encouraged etiquette. Perhaps such knowledge is worth sour stomachs. —Vicky.
Foresters Continue Southern Trip Editor’s Note: Purdue’s wandering forester boys, Glen Hildebrand and George Young, For. ’38, continue their adventures in the South. Today George takes his turn at reporting their travel tales by airmail. Jacksonville, Florida, March 3, 1938. Dear Rip, Mobile was one blaze of color while 'we were there. The main streets were decorated with electric lights, and a reviewing stand had been built before the First National Bank Building. Come to think of it, it was in this building that we saw a drinking fountain with “For Whites Only” over it. It was very warm, about 75 to 85 degrees, and every body moved slowly and deliberately. Why, we even saw one darky riding a bike so slow he could barely keep his balance, and at that he barely missed a pedestrian.
also saw a half-million dollar winter home built by P. T. Barnum, which, by the way was never used by anyone. We got a ride out of Mariana with a sheriff who told us many interesting things. He said that if a white man talked or walked with a colored girl, he would be severely criticized by his own friends. He went on to say that if a mob came after a prisoner in his jail, he would turn him over to be lynched without any compunctions. Sincerely, George Young.
On our way to the outskirts of the city we came to the Ingram-Day Lumber Co., and decided to look the plant over before passing on. As we were walking up to the mill, we passed an old man bucking up logs four feet in diameter. He was using a one-man cross-cut saw, the first one we had ever seen in operation. ‘Other Man Ain’t Dere’ We asked him if we could take his picture and he willingly gave his consent. When we remarked that this was the first time we had ever seen such a saw, he said, “This-all ain’t no one-man tool! I-all got the handle to the other endj. but the man ain’t dere.” He directed us to the mill pond
where we saw men in a motor boat guiding logs to a position where they were picked up on an endless chain and carried to the saw. Many of these logs were 60 and 70 feet long, and every one was as straight as a die. New Kind of Salesman We soon took to the road, however, when we were picked up by a new kind of salesman. He worked for the Pittsburgh Steel-Saw Service Company, and it was his business to contract with lumber companies to supply saws on a rental basis—the blades to be kept sharp by the salesman’s company. It was on this ride that we passed large herds of Florida sheep ((goats). We
What, Where, When?
By Sally McKee “Thanking you in advance” is an automatic phi’ase of many persons making purchases or inquiries about jobs by mail, but it’s hardly the phrase to use. One must not anticipate a favor, and such a phrase does anticipate. So when you’re writing for a summer job or a new red suede belt DON’T “thank you” for a job you may not get or a belt you may never see—Mrs. Post et al say no.
MIDNITE SHOW TONITE 11:30
BEANS ... BARRELS . . . AND BLONDES! They Buzzed Him Into a Fortune! STUART ERWIN in Mr. Boggs Steps Out with TOBY WING HELEN CHANDLER Another Barrel of Laughs and Fun by the Author of “Mr. Deeds.”
nwn
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
PERFECT SPECIMEN with ' ERROL FLYNN
DOUBLE DANGER with PRESTON FOSTER
ARC
SUNDAY —MONDAY
LAST TIMES TODAY TEX RITTER in “HITTIN’THE TRAIL” CLIVE BROOKE in “SCOTLAND YARD COMANDS” ‘DICK TR^^Y” SERIAL
-LAST DAY-
A NEW UNIVERSAL PICTURS
;j^JK£n|tJsjrlor^Faj^V/ray
— STARTING TOMORROW — Scream-a-SecondFunFest
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
WHAT, AGAIN? The Sig Eps got another poem accusation from the gal who was against “first night neckin’’ and this time she signed herself “DITTO” . . here ’tis ... I play games, oh very well, I can kiss and never tell I forget when it is wise. And can say things with my eyes. If I even step in glass, All scars heal—I let it pass From experience I have learned How to play and not get burned! —DITTO.
Always there with an answer, the Sig Eps reply: Dear “How to Play And not get Burned:” I’m afraid I cannot say You’ve your lesson learned. Love is like lime And when it’s about A very short time It’ll eat your heart out. Love is something That melts like snow When it’s done melting Where does it go? You can kiss. And never tell Of such bliss? What art thou, Belle? To love a goony woman Is a far cry— I know these poems are cornin’ From an ..... .! Mary Ed Johnston, who has something to do in “Of Thee I Sing,” traipsed down the steps to the sweet shop yesterday carrying a bundle of clothes. Two boys following in her wake saw, draped unceremoniously on the steps ... one silk stocking . . . and one brassi . . . aw, heck ... we can’t say it! The first family quarrel has occurred between Bill Strong, the Beta, and Mary Petticrew, the ChiO Debris beauty ... if we are to judge from appearances. Bill has a beauty of a black eye, and they say he got it when Mary hit him with a book. The senior marriage mystery is still unsolved. Get on the ball you sleuths and win those four MARS passes. “John, take your arms down. Take your arms down, John. JOHN!”
Talk about your sweat shops! Look at that—two weeks’ work for thirty cents 1”
High School Scores(Continued from page 1) Washington 28, Ben Davis 25 Technical 39, Manual 27 (Indianap.) Shortridge 41, Decatur Centtral 35 Southport 30, Beech Grove 27 Kokomo 54, Jackson Twp. 23 Lebanon 44, Jamestown 24 Madison 32, Scottsburg 22 Austin 45, Central 34 Central 53, Cowan 23 Burris 29, Gaston 23 Shelbyville 27, Hope 12 Columbus 49, Morristown 28 Wiley 30, State 19 (Terre Haute) Vincennes 57, Sanborn 15
WB A A Programs
—Today— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:15—Don’t Listen. 11:30—High School Guest Program. 12:00—Tune Time—Charles Powell. 12:15—Footnotes on the Headlines, Prof. Frank Hall. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—^Market Reports. 1:00—Sectional High School Basketball Tourney. 5:00—Sign Olf.
^ YOUR SWEBWBARTS "ONB IN A MILLION" ih-^
SHE 'S m WORDS TO THE MUSIC IN DOms HEART.
/I WORLD OF * ^ BILLY GILBERT DREAMS COMB
^ RAYMOND SCOTT QUINTET TRUE/ WALLY VERNON • LEAH RAY /
JEAN HERSHOLT ETHEL MERMAN CESARj ROMERO
WALLY VERNON • LEAH RAY 5. WfftTTENALL M
OVER IT/
—pluspete SMITH NOVELTY --5 DAYS— Starting TODAYSaturday, March 5, 1938
THE PURDUE
t
EXPONENT
Swimming Team Beats lU, 43-41, To End Big Ten Race
LaBree's Mermen Take Four Firsts In Close Meet; Feigel Is High Score Man Winning four of the seven individual events, Coach Larry LaBree’s varsity swimming squad closed its Big Ten dual meet schedule last night with a closely contested victory over Indiana, 43 to 41. The Hoosier team won the 150 yard medley relay to open the meet, but Armstrong and Graham finished first and second in the 220 yard free style for Purdue and the Boilermakers forged ahead.
Brig, Johnny, Pat Play Last Big Ten Game Tonight...
Indiana headed the Purdue team once more during the meet by virtue of first and second places in the 100 yard free style. Kerber and Tredwell retaliated by taking the fiist two places in the 150 yaid back stroke and the Boilermakeis remained out in front to win the meet. Lahey and Graham added to the Purdue total by winning the 60 and 440 yard free style events. Feigel Is High Scorer Feigel of Indiana was the high scorer for the evening. He nosed out Wildhack in the dives, 111.8 to 109; gained first place in the 200 yard breast stroke event; and also swam on the winning medley relay team. Summary of events: 150 Yard Medley Pelay—^Ist, Indiana, (Jacobsen, Feigel, Herdrich). Time, 1:25.2. 220 Yard Free Style—1st Armstrong (P); 2nd, Graham (P); 3rd, Thomas (I). Time 2:29.2. 60 Yard Free Style—1st, Lahey, (P); 2nd, Marsh (I); 3rd, Windsor, (I). Time 24.6. Dives—1st, Feigel (I); 2nd, Wild-
hack (P); 3rd, Craig (P). 100 Yard Free Style—1st, Windsor (I); 2nd, Marsh (I); 3rd, Lahey, (P). Time, 56.4. 150 Yard Back Stroke—1st, Kerber (P); 2nd, Tredwell (P); 3rd, Jacobson (I). Time, 1:49.2. 200 Yard Breast Stioke—1st, Feigel (I); 2nd, Carr (P); 3rd, VanDelester (P). Time, 2:54.8. 440 Yard Free Style—1st, Giaham (P); 2nd, Thomas (I); 3rd, Armstrong (P). Time, 5:27.0. 400 Yard Free Style Relay—1st, Indiana (Marsh, Windsor, Jacobsen, Herdrich). Time, 3:50.5. Andres Bresiks Single Game Scoring Record Jewell Young’s mark of 29 points individually scored in one Big Ten game was broken last night when Ernie Andres, Indiana guard, led the Hoosiers to their fourth conference victory of the season, chalked up 30 points himself. Indiana defeated Illinois 45 to 35.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
* the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
—- Bookstores ——
—■ Hardware —
“DEAC”
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE
Everything for a
PAINTS
College Education
FLOOR WAX
H. G. REISNER
J.SFERBHDW.
822 M.^IN
SOU'THWOR'TH’S
—■ Tailor —
Everything for the Purdue
SUITS
Student
Made to Order
$24 — $40
PROFESSIONAL
H. BEHRENS
The Risk Dental Clinic
126 N. 6th St.
DE. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
— Jewelry —
DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
R. J. BATH
4th & Main Phone 5701
Watch Maker
DR. A. M. IRION
605 Main Street
DENTIST 119^2 Vine West Lafayette
R.C.EISENBACH
Phone 4965
Jeweler and Optometrist
— Locksmith —
504 Main Street
“C*CARTER
for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Knife and Scleaor Grindins
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER
New L.CJ^. and Norton Door Chocka Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
This is an we do, but we do it weU.
WaHace Block 322 Ferry St.
— Printing —
Opposite Post Office
n^INTING
— Shoe Repair —
Office Stationery . . □ H Wedding Invilaiion*
BOSSUNG
■ Sales Books, Etc. ,. .
PHONE 2 62 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
Shoe Repair Shop
in the
— Furnaces —
VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Free Estimates Phone 7044
— Florist
Widener & Sering
Furnace and Plumbing
Horner’s Flower Shop
Sunbeam Air Conditioning "STOKERS''
Quality Flowert
115 E. State West Lafayette
Main at 7th Phone 6050
‘Brig” Young
Johnny Sines . . . when the net team meets Northwestern in the quest for undisputed posession of the Big Ten conference championship. The trio, shown from left to right as named, must provide the scoring punch to stop the determined Wildcats.
Pat Malaska
Ingleman Scores Billiard Victory Purdue billiard enthusiasts concluded the Chart Shots 14.1 Pocket Billiards Tournament Thursday in the game room of the Memorial Union. Ingleman turned in the best score and won with 88 points. Next Thursday the 8th annual Intercollegiate Billiards Tournament will be contested at 14.1 points. Each team will play on its own tables, then the scores will be collected and tabulated via the telegraph, and the results will be compiled from these figures. Steed, Dailey, Brewer, Cunningham, and Given will compete as the Purdue team, with Mickewich, Breese, and Goodwin as alternates.
Pistol Team Wins First Two Hatches Next week Purdue’s ROTC varsity pistol team will open its second week of competition undefeated, with victories over Iowa State and Missouri Univeisity. They defeated Iowa State, 1384 to 1292, and set back Missouri, 1372 to 1346. With these warming up matches out of the way, two meets command their attention. The first is with the Virginia Military Institute, and the other with Utah University. The freshman squad will also compete with the Utah first year men. Each of these meets will be of the telegraphic type, with all of the teams shooting on their own range
Squash Squad To Meet Evanston YMCA Today Playing its last dual meet of the year, Purdue’s squash racquets team will meet the Evanston YMCA squash squad at 2:30 this afternoon in Evanston, 111. Coach Clevett’s team will be composed of the regular lineup: Captain Lucek, Linn, Juve, Wakefield, and Sokolowski and sending the results to the opposing school. In its most recent match Purdue totaled 1384 points, but results from MIT will not be 1 eceived until the end of next week. This year’s pistol team is coached by Captain Kay and has J. W. Greiner at the helm.
oma
uemnas
Go glamorous in drifting chiffon or siren sheathes of satin — dance in radiant taffeta or sweep dramatically in to dinner in yards and yards of beautiful laces — in short, be the hit of the evening in any one of these simply elegant evening dresses.
425 MAIN
Purdue Trackmen Leave To Attend mini Relay Meet Coach Heimon Phillips and part of the indoor track team left this moining at 7 o’clock to participafe in the levived Illmoi- Relays today at Champaign Pill due’- contingent will be led b> the huidleis, who will compete in the high ami low huidle events as well as the shuttle lelay Bob Lemen, who placed thud in the low huidles at the Big Ten outdoor championship la^t >eai, Jack Shidelei, and Steve Gutting will take pait in the individual hurdle laces, with Bob Deckaid as the fourth membei of the shuttle lelaj team. Relay Teams For the two-mile relaj, Coach Phillips IS glooming a fast combination made up of Bodeau, Knapp, Marozick, and Gaulke, while the likely entries in the mile relay aie Teihune, Luther, Simmons, and Mazui. The medley relay team will be made up from the above men. DXJ^s Lead Greek Bowling Tourney Delta Upsilon’s bowlers are leading in the inter-fraternity bowling tourney with a score of 4,596 as the final scores for 11 of the 16 fraternity teams were completed this week. Sigma Nu, with a score of 4,571, Kappa Sigma, with a score of 4,413, and Triangle, with a score of 4,407, fill in second, third, and fourth positions so far. If Sigma Phi Epsilon and Beta Theta Pi can keep up their present paces, they should be among the four high teams who will qualify for the championship round. High scorers in the meet are Kilgore, Beta Theta Pi, 236; Antibus, Sigma Nu, 233; and Palmer, Beta Theta Pi, and McClain, Triangle, each with 224. Purdue Badminton Squad Will Meet Nortliwestern Seven members of the Purdue badminton squad will leave today to meet Northwestern and the Chicago Badminton Club. The team was invited to Evanston by Northwestern to play its squad and will witness the Purdue-Northwestern basketball game tonight as its guests. The badminton team played two official games this season, both with Illinois, and won both contests.
ielder^s**** ♦ •••choice
By Dick Obenchain About all the dopesters are picking Purdue to put the big stick to Northwestern this Saturday .. . But we don’t know ... We’re just a little afraid of the lads in Purple on their home floor . . . although they did lose to Iowa there lately. —fc— The swimming team has the highest scholarship index of all the various athletic teams for the first semester ... Not one ineligibility because of grade and six distinguished students—all ChE’s. —^fc— There was a nice turnout for the “P” men’s club meeting Thursday night... The boys decided that they needed some money to finance a few projects . . . One notable aim was to furnish the “P” men’s room in the new Fieldhouse ... And the way they are trying to raise the necessary funds is by throwing a dance some Saturday this spring .. . Supporting this project sure would be a nice way for the mixer crowd to show their appreciation to Purdue athletes. —^fc— The pride of the Gimlet’s new pledge class is their pair of football co-captains, Humphrey and Mihal . . . Boogey Joe was appointed by Doc Markle to be chief attendance taker for the early morning sings under the Heavilon Hall clock tower.T r„.r „
^coL (Ma,
Tomorrow In The Churches
Notices
No Notices Accepted After 8 pJK,
TliE PURDUE EXPONENT
TloiksA.
■ Purdue Lutheran Students Club; Entertainment program in the faculty lounge Sunday, March 6 at 7:30 p. m. —BRANDT, PULTZ.
Central Presbyterian 9:30—Dipcupfion-Erroup led by Rev. Findley. 10:45—Morning worship, sermon theme, “Christlikeness,” music by choir. Dr. Mh R. Graham, pastor. 5:00 to 6:00—Sunday evening club. Recreational hour ping-pong, badminton, shuffleboard, etc. 6:00—Supper, price 15 cents per plate. 6:45—Johann W. Strasmann^ a student at Purdue from Dusseldorf, Germany will speak on “The Present Situation in Germany.” Methodist Students 9:30—Co-ed Sunday school class at' the Wesley Foundation. Men's class at the West Lafayette Methodist Church. 10:40—Morning worship, special music by the Memorial Choir. 5:00—Fellowship supper, 15 cents. 6:15—Epworth League, and two one-act plays by the Wesley Players, “We Reach for the Stars” and “The Toast.” St. John’s Church 8:00 and 10:45—Holy Communion. Sermon topic, “Lead us not into Temptation.” 6:00—Young People’s Fellowship supper. 7:00—Program conducted by the Rector, Rev. Reese F. Thornton. West Lafayette Baptist 9:30—Sunday school. 10:35—Worship and fellowship of communion; sermon: “The Fellowship of Values.” 2:00—^Indiana University and Purdue Baptist student conference 3:00—^^Afternoon worship. 3:15—-Address by Dr. T. F, Williams on “Christian Fellowship of Tomorrow.” 3:45—Farewell fellowship for the conference. 7:30—Sermon, “The Disciples of Jesus.” German Ed Will Speak Before Church Group “The present situation in Germany,” will be the topic of Johann W. Strasmann] a junior in the chemical school, w'hen he speaks before the Sunday Evening Club of the Central Presbyterian Church, tomorrow evening. Sunday Evening Club will be held in the Educational Building, south of the chui'ch near Seventh and Columbia streets.
Create Interest(Continued from page 1) test is passed successfully, “B” is substituted for “C” on the class record. Final May Count All If a student wishes, he may wait until the final examination to make up a “C”, by demonstrating then that he knows the portion of work over which he does not have “B” credit. From the understanding of the course—the total number of “B’s”—the final grade-is determined. Dr. Graves has also introduced “P” and “A” into his grading system, for finer subdivision. The final grade is given for the work completed, however, not from an average of grades. Still very active but with hair greyed from many years of teaching, Dr. Graves received his first degree in 1905—a BS from Earlham College. An AB from Haverford College came a year later. To Purdue In 1915 He earned his AM at Columbia University in 1909, while teaching there, and from there also got a doctor’s degree, five years later. He came to Purdue in 1915 . . . since 1927 has occupied his present position as associate professor of mathematics. “Music is my particular hobby,” he stated. “I have always liked hiking, too.” As far as intellectual hobbies are concerned, next to studying mathematics, reading the New Testament is his favorite pursuit. “I have also done quite a bit of camping of various kinds,” concluded serious, kindly Dr. Graves.
Purdue Christian Foundation 9:30—^SuTiday school class. Prof. G. H. Graves will begin a series of four lessons on “The Origin, development and Use of the Bible.” 10:40—Morning worship with Rev. Doyle Mullen speaking on “The Practical Value of Religion.” 5:30—Young people’s discussion hour. Topic, “The Average Man’s Responsibility for Poverty and Unemployment.” Mervin Huffman, Robert McColley and Adrian Long will lead the panel discussion. 6:30—Social hour and supper. 7:30—Evening Worship. AAUPToDine, Hear Attendance Debate “Resolved: That the present system of voluntary class attendance for juniors, seniors, and all distinguished students at Purdue should be abolished.” This will be the debate topic at a meeting of the American Association of University Professoi’s on Monday night at 6:15 in the Home Economics Building. Tickets can be bought in Professoi' Hodge’s office in the Recitation Building. Epworth League Will Present Two Plafs “We Reach for the Stars” and “The Toast,” one-act plays, will be presented tomorrow evening by the Epworth League in place of its regular program. The show will begin at 6:15, instead of the regular time, in order to be finished by 7:30. Salesiiiarisliip(Continued from page 1) or they get out.” Another surprising fact is the absence rate of only 4 per cent, a figure well below that of an average class. “We have things happen in this class that don’t happen in any other classes. I find them an interesting bunch,” said Professor Hockema. This brought up the subject of the latest cla.ss escapade: Apple Polishing Lesson In a preceding lecture Professor Hockema had promised to give lessons in apple polishing anytime the students wanted them. At the next meeting 20 class members filed in and laid apples on the desk. In keeping with his promise. Professor Hockema proceeded to outline the fine points of apple polishing. One student’s “I haven’t had any breakfast” brought a feeling of pity, and more important an apple, from Professor Hockema., Immediately, another student piped up with a hint for an apple,, and got one—a rotten apple which splattered when he caught it. Apple Returned Zing! In keeping with Professor Hockema’s teaching of “treat me as you would treat anybody else under the same circumstances,”-the second apple requester threw' the rotten apple back with a good aim, but missed when his instructor ducked. The apple smashed against the blackboard beside hiin and Professor Hockema received a load of applesauce on his coat; but after he had cleaned the mess off his coat, the class continued in its usual manner.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Maip street.
FOR RENT—Single room qcross from Union Building. Call 71814.
WANTED—Roommate for separate bed. Also/single room for rent. Continuous hot water. 360 Chauncey.
FOR RENT—Modern furnished sleeping room, steam heat, running hot water, good location. Call 71201.
Green Potter Dance Committees: The following committees have been appointed. Temporary chairmen see Brodd, and also schedule a meeting of their committee before Saturday, March 6. Decoration: Elley, temp, chair., Behm, Natter, Berger, Wright, Adler, Durham, Wadsworth, Elkin, Gits, Black, Chalberg. Orchestra: Yank'owski, temp, chair., Hugel, Ourand, Beddoe, Layson. Program: Yates, temp, chair., Thompson, Rosenthal, Hosier, Cash, Trimble, Ference, McMullen, Caldwell. Chaperone: Knepper, temp, chair., McMaster, Bergman, Crow.,, Ticket: Newhagen, temp, chair., Del Valle, Woodward, Stewart, Butler, Sachar. Publicity: McKee, temp, chair., Hartzell, Hall, Reed, Ludeka. —BRODD.
ME 62, Condition Examinations: An examination will be held on Saturday, April 9, from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 308. This is the last opportunity for removing conditions in ME 62 received prior to the 1937-1938 school year. Students planning to take this examination should see me before April 6th. , ■ (3-6) —BINDER. ME 61, Condition Examinations: Examination will be held on Saturday, April 9, frorn 1 to 4 p. m. in room 308. This examination will include material on kinematics and graphic statics. Students planning to take this examination should see me before April 6. (3-6) —BINDER.
WSGA Activities Committee: Will members please turn in activity reports of the following girls: Mary Lou Swaney, Muriel Smith, Virginia Steele, Dorothy Ells, Barbara Rector, Kay Thrasher, Marjorie Buck, Bonita House, Marie Hurley, Margaret Sexton, Helen Steffee, Betty Frost, Louise Schickler, Martha Moorhead, Mary Ann' Ballard, Betty Jo Sexton, Margaret Jones, Eleanor Ward, Charlotte Lochner, Treva Berry, and Margaret Mathes. (3-8) —JONES.
Glider Club: All members desiring to remain active must make arrangements for paying dues by Thursday, March 10. See Moore or Crosby immediately. —CROSBY.
Special Merit Scholarships: Freshmen who rnade special merit scholarship deposits for the first ^ semester may receive refunds at the Cashier’s office in the Executive Building by presenting receipt and passport. (3-8) —HOLLENSBE. Women Students: All girls who have not had an activities interview yet, please report to the WSGA office any time this week be-
Alpha Phi Omega: Initiation Sunday, March 6, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building at 6 pi m. Members call Gaston, 5226, to make reservations for banquet. Reservations are to be made before noon Saturday, March 6. —WADLEIGH.
Union Workers: Freshmen and sophomore workers meet in Union workshop at 1 p.m. Saturday, March 6. —TAYLOR, HARPER SAMUELSON.
English Condition Examinations: In all courses of English and Speech will be held Saturday, March 12, 1 p. m., in Education Building, room 201. —CREEK.
ASME: All members interested in presenting a paper at the student meeting Wednesday, March 9, call W. B. Wolverton, 71332. —CLUTTER.
Newman Club:. There will be a Newman Club breakfast in St. Mary’s school hall after the 9:30 mass, Sunday, Marc'h 6. (3-6) —OTTENWEULEB,
■^Union Co-eds: All sophomore and freshmen co-feds report to the reception room of the Union any time between 8 a. m. and 6 p. m. until March 6 to work on the costumes for “Of Thee I Sing.’’ (2-5) —WOOD.
ynjjL (^anX dg§oi£L to Wear a SHABBY Suit Whether right or wrong people are judged by the clothes they wear. For the nominal cost involved you should have your clothes Crown Cleaned and pressed regularly.
Of Thee I Sing: Construction crew will meet for very important work to be done every night this week at 4 in the sub-base-ment of the Union. (3-6) —BRENMAN.
P. M. 11 and 12 Make-ups: Examinations for removal of conditions and incompletes in P. M. 11 and P. M. 12 will be given in room 201, Michael Golden Shops, at 4 p. m., March 16, 1938. —RISING.
Purdue Union of Jewish Youth: Meeting on. Sunday, March 6, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building at 3 p. m. —HONOROFF.
r I M E
CLEANERS OF FINE CLOT H E S WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
^41
’re Bitin’!” Mr. Advertiser, you catch them unawares. Use An Exponent A(i‘ as Bait