(""''ill
.ffi# V'Jf’!
Joe Louis last uigKt fi^dstrated this challetfge oi -Buddy Baer when he l^ocked out'the huge Californian in two min* utes and 56 seconds of the Arst round. Baer hii the canvaa twice, before the kndekoui punch was delivered and rose td his feet after the cbiitif of ten,’'blit; the referee cailed it a ^ gehdine knoickout.,;: ■
* I
Vcjiluind 5^, No. 88
W^f tAfaiyefte, Indiana
Saturday, january
I
iiilAlt Names Same
Grand Champion Steer Appears
PBOBABLE LINEUPS
fe^l^E POSITION O. S. Sli!yo^i;,A..............l'F............. 'Miller ’lidfuly K. Fisher
Here Next Week For Exhibition
Loyal Alumnus IV, grand Champion steer at the 1941 annual International Livestock Exposition, will be in Lafayette
e .... ..... shaiy hnd .West I^fayette from Wednesday ‘Until Friday. lie will BlMii^ti (C).......G Graf (C) appear on campus in front of the Executive Building from 12 jBi|(^ i. ...i G,... .;..... Gecowets until 1:30 Wednesday aftemoon; after which he will appear jilPpleiALS — Referee; Gilbert on the program On the stage of the Music Hall.
The prb^am will also include president Elliott, who will introduce the speakers; Leonard Firestorie, of the Firestone Rubber Company ; Henry W. Marshall, publisher of The La- ————————- ^ . fayeite Journal and Currier
lyiscotisin; umpire, John Toi^USeiidi Michigan.
: BFohdcasts — WBAA, Purdue; M^SMrt Wayne. (7:30 p.m.)
By Bob DeMars (kiach Piggy Lambert’s high scoring Boilermaker courtmen Will make their third consecutiye Hig Ten home appearance in quest of the Western Conference laurels when they meet a ipotentially' powerful Ohio $t;^te quintet on the Fieldhouse' court this evening at t :30 p.m. In attempting to run their season's record to eight . ' iCoritinued on page 4)
Students May Enroll In Red Cross Cour^ During Registration
Optional For All But Pharmacy Students
American Red Cross First Aid will be added to the University curriculum starting with the now semester. All students interested may sign up for the special eyening
and president of the International Livestock Exposition; and Gillie Stewart, beef cattle herdsman for the University. Shown At Court House After the appearance in the Mqsic Hall, Loyal Alumnus will be shown in the Jeff High School Auditorium at 3 p.m. Then he will be on exhibition on the Court House Square in Lafayette. Mayor A. R. Killian will welcome Loyal Alumnus and his company on the Court House Square.
ll(^s6R.M. Monday
Thursday morning Loyal Alum-
course at registration next ^ week. hU® wiR be on exhibition between Men should register with the School Library and Union Building. In of Physical Education for Men for tbe afternoon he will be 'the guest PEM 80, and women with the de- of honor at Ag Alumni lunchefcn, pertinent of physical education for ‘Whichiwill.be held in the new Agriwomen for PEW 80. The course is cultural Engineering Building,
optional for all students excepting Fifth Champion
those in the Pharmacy school for Loyal Alumnus IV, a middle-
Cldthlng, magazines, books and whom it is required. The course is weight steer calved and raised on I A+.MfVl* 'dr+iolrfia .neo-fnl A-nV^Vl .. . -- . ■ - . - fifth
grand champion'steer raised by the University. The champion was sired' by an Angus, Peerless Revolution, and his dam was a Shorthorn,
Clubs To Assist
In CQllAction Of Articles
Blanket Hop To Feature
Featuring Mickey Isley and his drchestra, the annual Blanket Hop sponsored by the P-Men’s Club will begin at 9 p.m. tonight in both ballrooms of the Union. The backdrop for the sweater dance pic^res an airplane flying over Heavilon Hall, dropping. large gold and black P-blankets. On the tail of the plane is a sign with ^‘Blanket Hop” printed on it. Also unusual for an informal dance siicli as this is the program, which is a miniature P blanket. IsYey’s orchestra provides both sweet and swing music, and proved very popular when he played at one of the mixers last year. The band has gained increasing patronage throughout the middle west with a reputation of playing the most distiictive music in this region. Featured with the band is sweet and swing vocalist Martha Nash, and the romantic ballad singer Red Johnson. Both were cast with the orchestra on a WiND-CBS network from Madura’s Dance Land in Chicago. Maestro Isley and his boys have had engagements in Chicago at the Stevens, Edgew,ater Beach and Shoreland Hotels and at the Medina Athletic Club. Tickets may be purchased from any of the P-men or at the west desk of the Union'for $1.10. The money that is received will be used to buy P blankets for this year’s graduating major lettermen. c.f.h.
Grant Deferment With Index Above 3J
Agricultural Conference Opens
Monday With Address By Elliott
President Elliott will address farm people from throughout the state at the annual Agricultural Conference at 1:30 p.m. Monday. The purpose of the conference is to enable farmers to discuss problems related to agriculture and home economics. Following Dr. Elliott’s talk, T. K. Cowden, University Agricultural economist, will speak to the group. “Problems •Ahead” will be the title of his —■
ah Othbr articles which are useful also open to University employees University far
for relief must be tm-ned in to the and wives of faculty members, who central depository in rooom 211 in must register for the course at the the Unibn before 6 p. m. Monday; office of the president. There will be the deadline for the drive, set by no course charge except for cquip-
Brownsdale’s Lady Mina. Calved on
mittee. The articles for relieP at The course will be offered for two 54 ihe-sqrbritiesandthe Women s^Res- or three hours credit, ^and classes ^^bfully fed and cared for by If " it ^ three-hour session herdsman Stewart until his sale to the GoldTeppei^^. The Reamer and . every Thursday evening from 7 to Firestone Company for $3.30 a Gimlet clubs will collect the relief 10 p m. Those students who sue- j^jiowing the International
cessfully complete a ten weeks Livestock Exposition. course devoted to standard and ad- , . .
The Champion is touring the country in an especially designed
Two-Day Registralion
To Begin Monday At 8
University Adds Two Courses To Schedule
artides from the fraternities, and f*IA will collect the relief articles from all unorganized students. All types of clothing, especially
vanced first aid will be given two
hours of credit. Students who show . , .
wool, gre greatly needed. The com- aptitude will be given an additional palace on wheels is^promiti«j^ is appealing to all University six weeks of lay instruction and will ^Rh running water and air
stutjents and faculty members to receive credit for another hour. ‘^®™|^*°hing.
contHbiite any of these much needed Those who complete the lay instruc- Other towns the state to be articles. tion work will be certified to teach visited by Loyal Alumnus will inRclief Fupd Coordinating Com- first aid and approve standard and ciuRh Lawreiiccburg, Greensburg, mittee will meet sometime next advanced ratings for students. ^ Franklin, Spencer, 'Vincennes, week to decide liow it will to dispose The School of Physical Education Crawfordsville, Greenfield and New
of the articled, which it receives, for Men, the department of physical ™®tle. J.d.s.
The clothing obtained from the education for women, the School of ,
drive will be sent to destitute civil- Pharmacy, the Student Health Serv» CBty Club ians in wax'-torn areas. Books will ice and the Lafayette Chapter of / ' / . be sent to army camps throughout the American Red Cross will coop- Ofin the United States. Magazines will erate to offer the instruction in first mJaftCG AlTraCTS YvU,
firohahly be distributed with the aid; and a field representative of
Doors of the Armory will open at 8 Monday morning when distin-guished-students of June, 1941, will begin registration. At nine, general registration will begin for all students, and will continud' through Tuesday. New Courses A First Aid course has been added to thip semester’s curriculiUn, and is optional to all’ students except those in the Pharmacy School who will be required to take the course. Another addition is the welding
Speech. A panel discussion led by E. C. Young of the farm management department will follow, ^ural Youth Conference ' After the opening session the members will be divided into home economics and agricultural groups, which will continue discussions through Thursday and Friday, respectively. In addition to these two groups, a Conference for Indiana rural youth will be held Monday and Tuesday. The three groups will continue Monday’s program with banquets. At 7:30 that evening WBAA will present “Campus Varieties” in the Music Hall. The staff of WBAA, including singers, instrumentalists, and comedians under the direction of G. D. Williams, will make up the program’s members. Entertainment Festival Meeting Tuesday in Fowler^ Hall, the home economics group will discuss clothes and the care of the home. Rural youth will hold a general session in the south, ballroom of the Union in the moi'ning, and a rural entertainment festival clinic in the Music Hall from-l to 4 p.m. This clinic will enable the delegates to observe the tryout program for the entertainment festival. That evening the rural youth conference will close with the final contest for the winners of district festivals in the Music Hall. Bpending Tuesday afternoon in the Agricultural Engineering building, the agriculture group will discuss agricultural engineering. In the evening they will attend the festival with the home economics
Les Brown To Play
Following quickly upent University's shift* to time basis, a letter fremt Ilie Tippecanoe county service board was received terday by Frank C. HTdckei^ Assistant to Presddeht As an answer to the ni^y questions vdiich have ^riSeif & the minds of University *^®- dents since the abolishnteiiii *^61 examinations, and the adc%tli^; of a three-semester academic filte letter more clearly deffiieS the status of a student under .^e ent system. Three Requirements In order that students who ii®6 studying for occupations in htduiitries which are considered necek-
Mixer Features Vocalist Ralph Young, Jan. 17
Les Brown and his orchestra will play for the regular mixer, Satm*day, Jan. 17, at 9 p.m. Coming here from a foui'-month stand in the Blackhawk restaui’ant in Chicago, Brown has the most expensive band so far booked to play on this campus during the pi-esent school year; however, the admission pidce remains $1.10. Featured Vocalist
course for women.
hooks dir else they will be sold and the American Red Cross will assist the money used to buy other neces- the University staff in conducting sary articles. d.l.g. the lay instructors' course, s.b.
Couples Last Night
Students Leaving School May Register For Defense Course
Last night 900 couples attended the novelty Cary Club dance in both ballrooms of the Union where Irv Given and his orchestra played from 9 to 12. This dance reversed the traditional Golddiggers Ball theme as the eds gave their dates
craiy corsages.
One of the boys gave his girl a “Priorities” corsage which consisted of a toy car minus the rubber th'es.
University students who are forced to drop school for any reason at the close of the first semester will be eligible for the part time courses which the University is offering in in-
dustrial centers thi’oughout the state or for the full-time day a small vacuum cleaner without the courses which will start on the campus in about three weeks handle or sweeper parts, a paper as part of the defense training program, wrapping from a cube of sugar and Hoth men and women are eligible for defense training available because of the war. Many courses if they h^ve the proper prerequisite , a high school feiipws sent decorations made from diploma. Registi’ation is being held -—■" — fruits, vegetables, and candy bars. irt' industrial centers throughout the Here at the University, day class- Another boy concocted a shaving kit state this week. ' es will be offered in engineering for his date to wear.
, The Registrar has announced that all men now taking the PEM 12 course will definitely bo required to continue. There is still doubt, however, that men who have recently reached their twentieth year will be required to take the course. C, 0, F, Students All students, graduate or undergraduate, with C, D, or F grades on record, whether on probation or not, will register with all other students. Registration has been scheduled in accordance with the first three letters of surnames. The schedule is as follows: Monday, January 12
groups. Loyal Alumnus IV ■Wednesday the - home economics group will discuss farm — home grounds and defense and the home. The agricultural group'^s discussion on agricultural engineering will continue. In the afternoon a general session will be held in the Music Hall. At that time Loyal Alumnus 4th, the University’s prize winning steer, will be shown. That evening these two groups will attend a music festival under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, p.s.
Brown features as vocalist, 185 pound Ralph Young, who gave up a job as mail clerk to begin singing with Teddy Powell’s band several years ago.. He came from Powell’s orchestra to Tommy Reynold's and then to his present position with Les and hiY 16-piece band. Leader Brown began studying the sax at the age of S' when he gave up the piano and played on his dad’s soprano saxophone. He studied music for the next twelve years while at high school, the Conservatory of Music at Ithaca, N. Y. and the New York Military Academy. Former Duke Student In the fall of 1932, Les entered Duke University and started playing with a campus band. By 1934, the leader of the dance orchestra had gone and Brown was named maestro. After naming the orchestra the “Blue Devils,” they made some records for Decca which were unsuccessful.
January 9,19^ Mr. Frank C. Hockema, Assistant to President, Purdue University, y West Lafayette, Indiana Dear Sir: We have been advised by Major Howard G. Wade, Occnj>a]tf(mal Deferment Advisor for the Steite Selective Service Systemy to defer all students who are now;^iit.* gaged in training for peentiatiti^' considered NECESSARY to tl|e present War Program. Theoe^stl^ dents must meet the folIowiiiK:raquirements: (1) Should attend the Uhiyera^ continuously oiT the present War Time Basis. (2) Must have scholastic iiidekjoF 3.50 or better. _ (3> Must agree to enter milifa^ service or activO aUptoV)^ Defense work ininiiei^iid|f upon graduation. It is further understood tiiat^ will rely upon you to continiie th make recommendations for d<^e^ ments and to keep our B«>ard Advised of each student’s prog|iekB in fulfilling the above ments. We expect you to make an immediate report on any sindpillt who is not actipg in accordatlilie with the above program. Very truly yours, E. K. Warren, Chairman Tippecanoe County Selective Service Board Np. 2
It was hot until this last year that Les Brown has become known. Since that time he has gotten write-ups in many music .publications, and got his biggest boost when he appeared at the Blackhawk. c.f.h.
WBAAStaffToPresent
Havighurst To Give Radio Play Today At 1
Talk On Philosophy
Of Science Friday
...... 9:00- 9:30 a.m. 9:30-10:00 a. m. 10:00-10:30 a. m. . ....10:30-11:00 a. m. ...'...ll:00-l\:30 a. ni. ..:..11:30-12:00 a. m. ...... 1:00- 1:30 p.m. 1:30- 2:00 p. m. 2:00- 2:30 p. ni. 2:^0- 3:00 p.m.
3:30 p. m. 4:00 p. m.
H, A. Bittenhender
The part-time courses are twelve di’awing, surveying, advanced weldweeks in length, meeting two nights ing, eleraentax-y metallurgy, time a week. Thd full-time courses to be and motion study, radio engineering
offered on the campus will be com- and the chemistry of powder and ^ representative of Borden pleted In six weeks. explosives. and Company with headquarters in Non-Crodit Courses See Head ot School ’ xr ^ i , .These defense courses carry no All students who expect to drop York City, recently contacted credit and should not be considered school should see the beads of their the poultry department in connecas substitutes for University cours- respective schools this week for tion with a cooperative project in
further information, Dean W. A. milk by-products which the UniKnapp announced yesterday. versity is conducting with the The courses are conducted by the Borden Company. Bittenhender obUniversity under authority of the tained his Ph.D. degree at the Uni-
U. S. Office of Education, k.k.g. versity last year.
os. They are short, intensive courses which form-the neiessary correlation between an interrupted university career and a defense job or service with the armed forces.
Wil-Zz .... Wal-Wik Ti-Wak.... Stf-Th Sl-Ste ...... Sci-Sk Ra-Sch .... Pas-Qz .... Nef-Par .. Mim-Nee
Mam-Mil 3:0'0-Lop-Mal 3:30-
(incl. Me and Mac)
La-Loo 4:00- 4:30 p.m. Kem-Kz ...;... 4:30- 5:00 p. m.
Tuesday, January 13
Ho-Kel 8:00- 8:30 a.m. Har-Hn 8:30- 9:00 a.m. Gof-Haq 9:00- 9:30 a.m. Fpx-Goe 9:30-10:00 a. m. Em-Fow . ..10:00-10:30 a. m. Den-El 10:30-11:00 a. m. Con-Dem 11:00-11:30 a. m. Cf-Cot 11:30-12:00 a. m. Bis-Ce 1:00- 1:30 p. m. Bai-Bir 1:30- 2:00 p. m. Aa-Bah 2:00- 2:30 p. m.
“Coordination and Integration of Science Through a Committee on Human Development” is the title of a lecture to be given by Professor R. il. Havighurst in room 106 of the Chemistry Building at 7:30 p.m. next Friday night. Professor Havighurst is professor of education at the University of Chicago. He will be guest at a dinner in the Union budding at 6 p.m. for which reservations should be made with the secretary of the Chemistry department. This lecture is the first of a series on the philosophy of science presented by the University branch of the American Association of Scientific Workers. w.h,t.
Radio Stage, WBAA’s weekly dramatic program, will present “Fred Hansen—Martyr,” a comedy at 1 p.' hi. today. Larry Myers, WBAA student staff member and new director of Radio Stage for the second semester, says today’s com-edy-will feature the troubles of a married man, his wife, and their two children, in a laughing tempo. “Fred Hansen — Martyr” was written by Dick Pittenger, former University student and WBAA staff m e m b e r, now connected with WFBM, Indianapolis. The cast will include Fred Conger, Cecelia Wahl, Becky Per vine, John McAlester, -and Walter Butz, sound, c.f.h.
Wesley Foundation Offers Course Surveying Bible
Wesley Foundation announces a
sary to the present war program be granted deferment, they riust ma^ three requirements. 'They mokt kl* tend the University contintobai^ throughout the entire year/ hkkb a scholastic index of 3.50 or better an$ agree to either enter military seiV--ice or defense work iimuediaib^ upon graduation. : > This means that any s^adeht 'Wba does not attend the forHiCpml^ summer semester beginning bii |l^|^ 5 is, for all px’actical ptBcpoaeb, considered a regular studenfi bl University. Failure to at the year around may cancelthe prospective draftbe’s biff* dent deferment. , / u All students whose camula.t|'i|k ^ dices are below 3.5 wiH not be redfommended for deferment ' University regardless riculum they are pursuing. statement requiring em*oU'ment.;^ the armed forces or acceptance jof a defense job upon graduation pears to effectively cancel most dent plans for continuing in uate work. ’ ;; Furthermore, the selective telfY* ice board will be kept cdnthlWiili^ informed of each student’s by the University, which btiJl tinue to make recommendatteiilktt*^ deferments to the board and immediately report any stadsnt does hot comply 'with the reqi^pf*ments outlined above. k.r.
Exponent Staff
Staffs for Monday and Tuesday, Jan. 12 and 13 are as usual. AH freshman, sophomore piid junior staff members are expected to have tln^r schedules and work night preferences in my box at 4 p. m. Wednesday, Jan. 14. —RUFFNER
Bible course entitled “Listen! The Bible Speaks!” beginning J»n- 19 / fiw/c ntcKoO at 7:30 p. m. and continuing every
Monday for ten weeks.
The course will consist of a thorough survey of each book of the Bible and will be taught by Reverend E. R. Balsley at, the Foundation house. Class meetings will dose promptly at 8:30 each week and enx’ollment is open to all University
students, a.s.
. . . Ag ’40 who is now emplp;^ in rehabilitation work in County,,recently paid a ratmtjg
to the campus and the Agtopqk^ department. McKee is epi^Qy^'l^
Dr. E. H. Shideler of
is State Director of Rufiii
tation, Farm Security
tion.
'■ill^ ^ ^ Purdue £!xpOnent* , Satukldy, January lO
i ' ' ^'i‘s ,
The front page of'tdday% ckr;r‘ 4iea a story about draft dcfSrmeiit for the ‘ men students of the University who attend T the new summer semester. This should enehunrage a great number of men to follow the Continuous pjah of -study, aiid should^ keep a major portion of the male side of Purdue’s ratio in the University-—but we are wondering about the coeds. Educators have urging those prepai'ihg’for engineerilig, f; j^ysics; fehemislry, and Other essential de^^8e Fprk to obtain their degrees as 'soon as l^j^ible, but no one has urged the coeds to do anything. Many of Purdue’s feminine population may leave School in May, take a summer vacation, and return again in Septehiber, • since they probably won’t be drafted. Under ^bse Conditions, that’ famous ratio would ^imb with the therhaometer, reaching such figures as 100 or even 150 to one. We now \^0an about the four to one ratio, but this 1.4J0 to'olie business would be too much *fOr even Puidue men. Civilian morale in time of
!*«?!
e
Jdwanis l^fan To Aid Qefes vOntest Paper? Wa/ns Will. £st9blhh
Robbin? CommunictionNet
Due Mo
■ phat stej) in the f^rin^tibn pf '» radio communicatioris net over the
Elffoetiy.e sinc,e Thursday all pilofc
country will .be taken Sunday with student phots arb required a meeting of licensed radio ama- hold an Airmen Identification i;Gard ;?
aervice ^ .Students who wish to compete in -'teurs : from Tippecanoe and Sur'-, b;hd fm-pish do.cume.htpy eV^
prograjp. for t9|42 at a ineetijig keld Ithe Ceres Essay Contest must .turn roqnding counties. The meeting will eiti.zertship, according to''& ^u4-^^
important; mid if thig' mbrdtc M
attending the Summer sessic^'^^is'tjodjtn'K^^ Effotts DUtinCI 7942 high, Purdue COuld well stand t^”h:aVn ,^hme . ^ coeds around hdth during the summer months. Lafayette Kiwanis Club made
Seriously speaking, however, it would be
a good idea for t^ coeds to follow ^e con- ^^Sda^ noon at L^cpln esws tP p. he held at the Lafayette, YMGA, detin 'received recently from'^the:; tinuous program. Women, as well as men, are Lodge. This year’s program is in- bins of the agriculture school by 7th and Columbia streets at 2 p.m. Aeronautics Administratibri. needed in this war. Of course, they won’t be tended to help the. cqmmunity meet noon Monday. Awards made to the The purpose of this meeting is Applicants for these cards t^kt:' called on to do any actltal fighting, but they its^efense needs. winners of the contest consist of coordinate amateur radio"; pp^- furnish two identical plvotpgr®; •can illl impbjrtrnit'bositiohs in industry. The tji^ projects, sponsored y a, ttophy hnd 'a silver me^al. ; ators ih order tq establish a pet'pf not les^than two inches square;-Mp^ ; training given women at Purdue'ydll enable V .hp yi^ittep over entire country, references, and must contact t^r ^ ^ ' -■ uwardmo- of lead- ..lot.;. f„ an. Accotdmg '; to Oliver Agnew, locai::^T,-.Spp^visqr
. the gast
^ the awapdin^ pf lpad- soine subject relate^^ to agpqpcnny,
them-to tagO Gy,er= jops vacated by men'Ckped eiisltip Ipins and iea.(lerskiy .camp and will be judged on subjectThatr
into the armed services, and the University scholarships to outstanding 4-H — .
ter, English and general neatness
is now offering to them special industrial yiembere in Tippjcanpe county, thq All freshmen are eligible tp cqmCOUrses. ‘ 'i ^awarding qf four Lake Geneva re- jiete in their .division, aiid their es- ' ’ ligious camp' scholarships to out . . . . • » ■
W.dmeh Will play att important" p^Tt in wih-
sa;^s should contpin fi’pm ^.fiO.O to
istandirig West Side and Jefferson f.'OOO' words. The uppefelass divi- ■ ■ , ,
,, m . ■ ,, ., T ' . continue broadpastilig.
sophomPi’es, Juniors
a total.of from •
r ^ on^ one side peKayiWi//fx^mine
important for women to take full advantage Following l^e outlining ,of'this of.-the paper should be usey, apd ,, . I.H J
of university training fis it is for men “Pull year’s program and % review of typewritten' niaterial is preferpqd. PharmaCiSt^ or university training as it is lor men. rim program, president Simon ' \The Dibkirispn Seed' Company’s rnarma^f9k>
ftdVEntsgC ‘'lyiCSllS HttGllding SCiXQoI through- jHeemstr^ .announcecr the appoint^-^ Pine Tree Trophy and a silver medal
m.en.t of new committee chairmen will be awarded' the winner in the
for the rest of the year. k.r.
to Oliver . . .. .. . ........
emergency coordinator for tlje for presentation of thdir fihgeiA.inerica.n R.gdio May League, goy- prints. Then hefQ.r.e.,tfee::cAr.d..w.d.l.hfi• el•n^ng body for all radio “hams,” approved, the applicant must prove attendance at the meeting is com- his citizenship hy a birth certi^cate j)ul.sory fhr anyone who wishes to or naturalizaiipn paperh .- ; .
These 4etaijs .shpi^p Rp
to without delay in ■ order ':'MpV to hamper itlje Civiliap Pilot Tiaini^ig pi'og’ran'i..'h.g-s- . "" i. .
out the summer. -r- ... ■: "t
it was not his prerogative to fire until notified by the Navy. 0 No Defense Aga.inft
What Gems OnMm^
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. AHpn Resppnsijbii^y^ between Aar ray, Navy Pplayed U. S. Defense Washington, Jan. 9—The most important th.ing to watch foi-. when the Pearl Earhor investigating board makes its report is the ali-im-portant question of responsibility between thejAi'iny and Navy. The mistakes already made cannot he remedied-nqw-■ But what'Tiari "be remedied is the present cumbersome, system of divided responsibility between the Armj' and Navy. That must he remedied if we ai'p to avoid the eiTors of the British wh.en their planes fa.iled to coordinate with land forces in Norway and Crete, - This divided resporisihility is iin old, old disp.u,t,e going hack for years, and is one of the -reasons advanced by those who favor a separate Air .^rps. . To illustrate the vital importance of this question, here are'some of the frmdamental facts regarding the defense of Pearl Harbor which basically mtist have contributed to the debacle of December f; The Joint .Army and Navy Board has ruled that the Navy Was responsible for patrolliiig the ocean' oif Pearl Harbor, and for that' nmtter off the coasts of the United States and its possessions. Originally this had been the Atniy’s job, but after many j’ears pf debate,' dating back to the Hoover Adiminstration, the decision was finally given in favor of the Navy’s air forces. ’"■PiirthPrmore, the ruling of the Joint Arhiy-Navy Board was that If the Navy was not able to cope With an approaching enemy it was to notify the Army. .And only after a huddle with the Navy, the airplanes of the Army Air Corps were to go into action. Thus, aSthough General .Short has now heerf removed from the Hawaiian command partly because his ariti-airci'aft guns were so slow in getting iiito action, the fact is that
This was a system based upon the more leisurely methods of old-fash-ioned warfare, a*''*^ would seeni
blissfully to ignore the long-estab- By Bud Eberts lashed Hitler-Japanese technique of Here-vve are—the last day 6f the
tlie siu’prise blitz. firstk.emesier and gobs to do'^faitd -,3-,.... Moreover, the Navy, in figuring iye dqfi.’t ,nn;eap stijdying). Just .think frQ,i;u 2 till 2 ■.3,0. Ira Cornier, prin- ton its defense of Howuii) based .its -rP,9 fip^ls, no worries—and ho Cipal of the high school, will speak, J calciflatioiis ,bn a Japanese dtfack “A’s” (as a .matter qf fact—no' ;ki;\d thq tyvo organizations, directed + by battle-fleet. The Navy had the “B’s”). ' by iVIr. Eddie Shore, and Mis. Fern I backbone of its fleet,’including soihe WG.OH? ' Kr.eisher, music supervisor, will J hf its hest'ha.ttleships, copcentrathd That,Cary CJub danqe lasf night render piarches and patriotic nuin-
at Pearl Harbor for such an attack, was some
And it ruled out The idea that ap ki-pt the 'guys ph.ci'gals swinging .airplane carrier could steam’ aiit' 3,P until tha;t fateful houC of inidnight. knots all night, and get close enough Klam questions overheard by our so that its plahes,' unleashed two agents were—where did you get hours before dawn, could take that date ?—.or whose behind that
Pearl Harbor by surprise. unique corsage ? Ordinarily, Navy patrol planes WGGH?
Frof■ H. George DeKay of .the School of Pharjnacy has been ap-
upper glass division, wi,th ,a silver pQj^,i^gd special examiner for the medal for second place winner. In g^j-g Personnel Division, the freshinan pi vision first place it was announced yesterday. He will award is the Ceres Essay cup and interview the successfiil candidates a medal. The runner-up will also fnem the recent examinations for
receive a medal.
Further information on the con-
• , „ , „ . , test may he obtaihed from Professor ICirklm :Hi,gk School s fifty-piece r.qom 210 of Agricultural hand apd Girls’ Glee Gl,u,h will be ,
•featured ,qn 'WgAA'® '^®ukly high achq,olgu,est|Prqgram this afterpoon
Everything for a College Education -► DEAC’S^
flew only about 1,000 miles out to Sea from Pearl Harbor. But an airplane carrier steaming twelve hours under cover of ijilarkness, could make 360 miles; while its planes, flying 300 miles an hour, could make 600 miles iu t>vo houra or a total of 9,60 miles. Thus an airplane carrier could lurk on the outskirts of the Navy patrol plane’s 1,000 mile cruise, and at 6 p. m. begin its dash to Pearl
Tonight finds the stuclents all ' trekking across the cold,' cold Stuart Field (those from the Halls copie by way of .the intranaural field) and finally all will end up at the Fic.ibhouse to cheer those fighting Boilermakers on to a final and complete victory over our enemies (we got lots of ’em, hut Ohio State is the big one tonight!)
wgoH?
If you haven’t got your ticket to the big Blanket Hop tonight—don’t
CHILDREN'S DANCING
CLASSES
hipW BEING ORGANIZED
BALLET
TAP
BALLROOM CLASSES DIVIDED ACCORDING to AGE
Air
Harbor. . . _ The most important thing to note, dally! Those good looking programs g however, was that this antiquated are going fast. Mickey Islcy’s music g red-tape, set up for the protection iind the informality of a sweater g of Peark Harbor and other coastal dance will be the features; a buck- =( areas, was worked out ^by a Joint ten will be the price; nine to twelve = Army-Navy Board oh which there the' time; and those students who g
back the team .and like to dance will g. he the thousands that will be there. ^
WG.OH?
With the war and school going = full blast—no telling what will happen to this column or the social world, (as a matter of fact—Nve are w.opderjpg what is going to happen to US—-after February 16)—so let’s all attend the s.ocjal affairs while
was no member of the Army
Corps.
General Stanley Embick, Deputy Chief of Staff, dictated';an appropriations estimaite for only six long range bombers for the Army’ in the budget of 1940— until world events later forced a
revision upwards.
General Emhick had spent most
of his life as a Coast Artilleryman they are still jvith ps
and in his line 'was a y.ery .cornpCte.nt officer. However, he ■yyas not an aviator. And n,o member of the Army Air Corps^—recognized in recent years (at lea.st by the public) as the most important branch of the service—sat on the G.eperpl
Frederick 4. Strain
Staff until a few months ago. f Will M.'s.i'akp B.e Rewpdied? The big question in the minds of njany Ah’ Corps officers no^y i.s whether the investigating bqai’d headed by Justice Oayen Roberts will go to the heart of this cumbersome divided responsibility betweqh the'Army aiid Navy.'''' ' Unfortunately, three members of the Board were committed to the "Joint' Army - Navji Board scheme. Admiral Standley was Chief of Naval Operations, while Admiral Re.eyes \vas a memb®r pf .the General Board, so that both approved it. General McNarney, wlio is not very aggressive, also had gone along with the Joint Army-Navy Board plan, though he is a mcmb®i' of the Air Corps. Therefore, the only investigators who will , appi’pach th.e problejn
. , . CE '06, recently visited the campus for the first time since his graduation, having spent the past 36 year.s in Utah and California.
Strain marveled at the changes on the campus and was particularly impressed with the new Music Hall, Union building,' Fieldhouse and Residence Halls. He is a native of Harrodsburg. .
fresh are Justice Roberts and ,G.en- = eral Frank McCoy, a cavalry offi- = cer ayho has been in Washington = vei-y little during recent yeays. The present situation at Pearl Harbor js "thgt A^miria.l .Chester 'V. Nimitz commands the Navy. And as a full admiyal hp outranks Lieut.Gen. Delos C. Emmons, Head of the Haayaiian Departinent, and also B^’igadier General Clarence J. Tinkei’, comnian.der of the Army air f.or,ce,s. (Copyright, 1942, by United . , Feature .Syndicate,. Inc..)
(PuJuiusL All-American 194P-'41 Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress pr M^f'h 31 1^79. apd at the special rate of postage provided for in .section 1103, act of October 3, 1917! Authorized 'January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular aead.etnic year and o^ekly during the Summer Session- Delivered locaHy by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail sub■scriptibns, $4-00.
|Jditor-I)h-Chief Nifii-js lidifaa Sports Kditor
.Ned A. Ochiltree ..Juhp h, Traugott, Ohil Johnson
Husincss Manager... Man»«jng:JJdifox„„.. Coed Editor
Oon S. Powers ..Lelaiid W. Ri)ghcr Ruth' Rose
Publication Staff Editorial .Staff: J. Ainiis.i.l. U. Aniulroiig. U. '1'. Urui’liy. R. L. IJadJiy, h'. 1. yojii.;., E. jC. Kieper. Sports Staff: O. I'. Clarlt, J. 1). Vru.ivr. .). S. gtekr. i'yed Sl^ff: Mary H. poynloii, Alire C'lnnricliJ, June KaniuUell. i Assut'iati: EOil'irB
Business Staff " Coed Uusiness Manager f-puniia Slc.ss ; Office Mnmijftr: pce UOiiBong. ■ ■ ' ■ ■ - ' . y.t LoeaJ Advertising Managers: K. IC. fijemri!, R. E. .Saxtuii ; Cireulatioii Manager: W. T. Ifcll: Accounts Manager; W. U. MiliMf'}. Junior Coed Managers: , .Jj-aii. Erankenbcrry, t'rinicts hlyyd. Julia Martin.
PhpAffs: Editorial an^ Business, 4005; Sportg, 2792 Editbriffl After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers ItepreSefitatives, 420/ Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. ; /
Staff For This Issue
Might Mflor: Ilrophy Iwnie CfiiUir: O. Ochiltree
Pay Editor: Uoynton N'iglit Sports Editor: Clark
Workers; Soleway. Shapiro, Tyson, Healle, k'ord, Steiiberg, Martindell, McCulloch, Gluspie, B, Smithj Iloskins, J, Smith, ItoQucmore,
' '-ft!: ■ '■ ■ -i'
^'1
IA A. ^ i A ' ’ lifi'*st<.«ilJ,‘>'4,‘...^.^■■■I'.i.n fM;,,.,^.,,j,l, ,„ ,
*?. /,f I”
% vK
if''- • .' . ^11. '‘- •' 1 V ' - “
/< Je
t-
' i|oS5r/^,^ a t -1,€|,V f' >
mm
fi I ' i%i ' tiff *«' *t* ^ %'^p9 Keqr Pity Wnifis Tonioni In Frosh Intrasquad Tilt
^ > * 'i'
, i.fe''
Satmtrfj^y# January IQ# WZ
Page 3
Mermen Prime
Mai f/warcf
. . . Boilerpiaker athletic dii'ector ‘ ^ ^ and he^d foot|3all coach, vill he the Cgym tmgmc^ kAlotiS'f principal speaker before the All- ■ ^ ■■ #Tlli»C?C
Sports banquet sponsored by the Junior Chamber of Commerce at Hobart, Ind., Monday evening. Elward has also a<icepted an invitation to speak before the Chamber of Commerce in Hammond Thursday
noon, January 22.
With Spartam With oply three weeks remaining before the intial meet of the 1942 swimming campaign, which will find the Hoilerinakci'’^ pJayhi?
’ ' —_ i^Qg^g Spartans of Michigan baseball are the only games that State, Coach 'Dick Papengvrth is amount to anything, with the for- making every moment count in hm mer being his greatest love. While effort to round the squad into the at Decatur, Howard earned three best possible condition for the con-
ll.*J@lf||$0ll
Dutoh Fehrinjg’s freshman basketball tegm will get its ie<toiid test before 3oiier|n;^er fandom tonj^lit wh4^ split into a Red team and a White team for an intrasq^ig^a tussle which will gft under way at 6:20. ; The doors will open ten minutes later and the lads of J;d45 will play two 20-minute halves without intermissiom tlife jf "TTwa ■ 'V...." i'g? ■ way the floor will be rda^ for ftta
varsity clash with Ohio gtate at'T
o'clock.
Hopes To Report Thnrsday Thursday night the Reds and Hie Whites had a regulation game scrimmage with the former team coming out on top, 59-56.'Apparent-ly, Dutch has two closely matched groups selected and he hopes for a game of the toss-up variety again
intiriues
Pridice Despite Wir; Oppose Spertens First
Howafcl Hpffman
By Jim Ackerman ' One of the mpst outstanding juniW’s on the Boilemuaker’s quintet is ]Hpwdrd Hbffniah, who is usually ^een playing one of the forward positions on the hardwood squad. Howard, who got his elementary training at Decatur Central, is majoring in animal husbandry in the Eichool of agriculture. Likes Baseball, Too Howard is another one of Coach Lambert's giants, as he stands six feet, one and a half inches and weighs a mere 180 pounds. As far m he is coiicm'nedj basketball and
letters in basketball and three in
baseball.
Besides spending a great deal of time during the year on the hardwqods, he plays baseball during the spring and summer. His favorite position IS that of fiist base. Last year he did not play much base-
test that is scheduled for the Field-
house’s Olympic pool.
Again this year, as has been the practice in the past few seasons, Christmas vacation found the Riveter tankmen at Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, where they made up only a pait of the more than 300 col-
ball for his alma mater, as he had athletes who spent their holi-
a back injury. Wants To Farm
Howard’s fayoiite interest besides sports is the city of Lafayette. Besides offering his favorite jiastime of theaters, the town also has with-
day in two weeks of strict training
and conditioning.
Papengiith Heads Westerners For the second straight year Dick Papenguth was named as coach of the Western delegation of swim-
His most preferred dish is ice cream. Some day Howard hopes to uefm'n rhome and manage n-farm.
^EET ME
* ')
% W
DELICIOUS FOOD
, REFRESHING TREATS MODERATELY PRICED ' ^ YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S
410 Main Street
in it an important heai't interest, who/compete in the annual
meet with a similar group of athletes lepresenting the Eastern colleges. He apparently found the Floiida climate and the Western swimmers to his liking, if the 62 to 30 victory his squad scored is any
indication.
Now iha't the Boilermakers are back in harness and practice is once more taking place in their own pool, they find it difficult to become accustomed to the fresh water after spending so much time in the salt water of the Floiida pool. Different Distances ' Another factor that makes the change so hard to take is the comparative distances that they are called upon to swim. In Florida the pool was very long, nearly 165 feet, and many days when the ocean was just light the boys would swim for a full mile or more in a straight path. Naturally it is difficult to return to the sniallei pool, wheie timing IS so important, and become accustomed to it quickly. Following the opening contest with Michigan State the Riveters are scheduled to meet two of the 'strongest teams in the midwest, Indiana and Michigan, befoi’e they are called upon to meet any" teams
^ Big W.estern Conference' Week-End Toni^t and Monday night all of the conference teams will wind up league play for a two weeks period. A few teams play non-confer,ence teams during this period, but most of them are busy with final examipa-
tions.
The games this weekend will be the last test as to jyhether spine of the hopeful teams will be able to maintain the first division page, ybe pressure mainly will be on slipping Ohio State and Branch McCracken’s hopeful sophomore heavy team, which are, incidentally, the teams to be faced by the Boilermakers. ► Toj^gh Foj" Pofh Of Tkem While the Bucks are furnishing the entertainment in the Ipegl gpalery tonight, the Hoosiers travel to Minneapolis to tangle with the powerful Gopker five. Tl^en Monday while tjie Hoosiers meet the Boilermakers the Buckeyes t^e on a tall, fast, sophomore studded Plinois team which is headed for tjie top. Results of these games can eithe? keep these teams in the running or drop them out of the picture. ► What Ahojut The Unjflefeated Th,ere is little doubt that the ranks of the four undefeated teams, Illinois, Northwestern, Purdue, and Iowa will be 4epleted this weekpnfl althpugh none of them face each other. Northwestern should easijy make the grade against Chicago and Michigan. Iowa is in fog a rough pair of games with Wisconsin and Minnesota and will have to be very careful to pass unscathed. Illinois faces Michigan apd Ohio State. There ceitainly is no doubt as to the difficulties facing the Boilermakers. ► Freshmen Vs. Rhinies Tonight If ypu're Ippsy with tpne tpnight with not having to take^finals and with classes all past, you’ll find some very interesting entertainment after 6:30 in the Fieldhouse tonight as two picked freshmen squads battle each other. Come early and get your money’s worth. Then don’t forget the gala Blanket Hop tonight after the game. It’s an informal sweater dance—a swell pldce to celebrate the victory.
Although the Golden Gloves
toymey in the Lafayette district tonight
has been canceled for the “dura- Pehring promises a series 'of tion/’ the Riveter boxing squad, these intrasquad games in order %o nevertheless, is Continuing daily get the Erosh accustomed to p6|*workouts with more spirit and en- forming before large crowds and thysiasm plan ever before in prepa- thus better weld them into polisl^d
ration for their initial intercol- players,
legiate ring season opening Jan. 30. No Rest For Frosh
On that date they will journey to Eas|; Lansinj^ io meet the Bpartans
of Michigan State. E^gklrMnn Teapi
In this their first taste of boxing under intercoHegigte ryles, only
Piggy Lambert gave his charges a respite from practice last nig^, hut Dutch took his lads on tha Fieldhouse floor and gave thgnrTli long workout in preparation' for tonight’s fray. Beyond donht^^^Hus
eight of the twehty scrappers out Frosh battle will be marked'by for the team will represent the Riv- frequent substitution. MeVey imd eter institution. Lange, two Lafayette haye^ • Just who these eight fellows will start for the Reds. The Hiieapa, be has not been announced as yet numbers, home towns and suhstithby student Coach “P-anchy” Benna. tions are listed below: i, 7 Several, however, who have looked reds , iS' particylarljr impressive in the pryc- I ]^ddk®''^roSon^“““^ ' Jl tice sessions to date are almost 3 jyicVey, Lafayette certain to go. Gus Boughan, the ^ofe.’ ’ T g! hard-fighting senior battler, is prob- whites « ' ably the most experienced man on 44 Maaon, Cincinnati " y. the squad in addition to being one HoSammet^BXnt "Ji of the most skillful. l"? Ehlers, So. Bend Ceijtral _ / . 23 donjes, Jasper 77G. Boughan Has Experience Heseryes-BEDS: Martens (4) So. fiend Gus, you may remember, took on Central^: ^4y%tp?k^i^9)"ciart& all comers in the Golden Qloves Tnpm (8) Whiting. WHITES: W^tnan
/ f '’1
DOLLARS Ahead BUY AND SELL YOUR BOOKS '
at the
UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE (Across From Union) M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W, “Doc” Epple, ’40
away. Michigan State will be heie on January 31, Indiana is scheduled for February 7, and Michigan follows a week later on February 14. Eligibility A Question Mark At the piesent time Coach Papenf guth ib keeping his fingeis crossed and hoping that all of his boys make their grades so as to be eligible for the coming semester. There is some doubt as to the status of John Dilley, star backstroke artist, who, according to his coach, has a good chance to cop the Big Ten backstroke honors and may make a big difference in the chances of the medley relay team. Papenguth stated that he believed, on a whole, the squad would be somewhat stronger than last year’s outfit mainly because of the experience gained by the young& swiinmeis, and the letuin to form of such outstanding membei s of last year’s team as Joe Williamson in the breaststioke, Dick Kiatzer and Fred Herr in the Sprints, and Hansel, Kiueck, and Erickson in the middle distance events, r.w.d.
IM Schedules
SQUASH Saturday, January 10 (jourtb 1 2, 3 1 15 Delta Uphilon vs Alpha Tau Omega 2.0(1 Alpha Sigma Phi vs Phi Kappa Sigma 2 .4’5 Theta Xi vs Phi Kappa BASKETBALL Monday, January 12 • Court 1 7:00 Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 11 Gates & Barnard (Semi Finals) 7:15 Cary Hall 14 vs Cary Hall 10 Gates & Barnard (Semi Finals) S 00 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 2 Gates ("B” Piactice Game) 8 13 Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 4 Gates ("B” Practice Game) Coiut 2 7.00 Cai-y Hall 5 vs Cary Hall 0 7 .15 Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 88 00 Cary Hall 0 vs Cary Hall 10 b'15 Cary Hall 11 vs Cary Hall 12 Zehring (All "B” Practice Games) Court 3 7 -00 Cary Hall 13 vs Cary Hall 14 Rafferty (“B" Pinclice Game) 7 13 Ward 23 vs Ward 31 Rafferty & Emerson (Semi Finals)
Ward'B'
. . . basketball entry blanks must be m the IM office not later than January 16. Any teum or individual who has taken part in “A” basketball will not be eligible for participation in the “B^’ league.
OPEN ALL NIOHT
Tasty Sandwich|3s, Meals, Short Snacks and AU. At FRANK’S PLACE 111 HortbwosJerq Avc.
meet last year in Lafayette, after which he was eliminated by one of the finest collegiate boxers in the country while battling in the finals in Chicago. Boughan should account for more than his share of points in the season to come. Stan Atz, a very promising sophomore in the 160 pounds division, is expected to be called upon for considerable competition not only in the Michigan State match but also in the many matches to come. Benna also has a good heavyweight in the person of Dave McMillen. Kreisle in ■ the 136-pound class seems to be the standout in that division. One of the hardest working and most conscientious scrappers on the squad is the well-built little Hawaiian, Eddie Miyamasu. For the last two years Eddie has had a lot of tou^h luck in Golden Gloves competition. Because of this he was really primed for the meet this year. However, since this annual gffair has been panceled, Efidie will probably get his revenge against the Riveter opponents. Discuss Rules Since the Michigan State match will be the first in the history of the Riveter institution under intercollegiate rules. Coach Bepna will hold d special meefipg nexf week for their discussion. One of the main differences between collegiate and Golden Gloves boxing is that no cheering is allowed whatsoever in the former. Another difference is that twelve ounce gloves will be used instead of the customary eight and ten ounce ones. These new weight gloves are much safer for the fighters. j.5,d.
Frankfort; Pearson, Ben Davis; Kennedy (42) Lorain ,<i.; R. Myer (36) JiiffeMosiviRe, Monteneio, Elkhart, fiecker (Xl)' 6t-
dianapolis.
Captain Andy
. . . Zimmer who will lead Cream and Crimson of IndiapR^ against Piggy Lambert’s team day evening at Bloomington. Allid^ is a guard, but has played at cen^ and forward, also. At the pres^i^ time he finds it difficult to stay^ the lineup what with all of t||e anxious youngsters Branch lUgCracken has coming along.
I know he’ll be on time ... That’s one reason I like him so well . . . He always calls for me in a YELLOW CAB f — KATES— ^ 1 Pasi^eng'cr 2 IP^Sjsengers 50e 3 Fass|!s|igers 75e 4 Passengers $.1011 l»hone 5023
•/a <4
4?;
JXIfxchangig Receive Second Tf^rai Books Today
Women Will MO^ Riveters To
New Style Clothing Suitable For Farm
Union Workshop Opens ^^t^or Text Sales Tuesday
ts used in the second semes Will be received at the Student ilk Exchange in the Union Woik sl^p, located in the Sub-basement d.lhe Union beginning this after ti&on from 1 p ni to 5 p m and con tiijiUing from 10 a m to 5 p m The aji^tual selling of the books ■will be ^ti Tuesday at 10 a m in the sub basement ?’hc puce set on the books may be ns high as 75 pei cent of the list ©S, puce Only second semester bbbks -will be accepted Especially 4|6Sirablc are texts in EE, ME QM, chcmistiy, mathematics, 5fe^ch, and physics The Book Ex (^Snge IS not responsible for mon cy 01 unsold books not claimed aft ^twelve days fiom the beginning the sale ^^11 clerical ivoik selling and ae cljunting is peifoimed by Student ^natc and Union woikeis and stu dent \olunte6rs "who arc undei the sSpeivasion of the following Boaid of Conti oh Chairman, Hepbum, ehairman nx'^officio, H E Hudson, ft A Dibos, J A Osboine, N A Ochiltree, Helen Sehickler, and Marj”^ Henry Others on the executive committee are secretary N A Ochiltice, publicity, E D Esping, cashier, H E Hudson, book icceiv mg manager, Helen Schiekler, book selling and recoids managei, Maiy Heniy, records managei Dorothy Weber, peisonnel, R W Dcuster, and equipment managei J B Reeves j s
As a part of the annual Umvelsity Agiicultuial Confeience, the luncheon piogiam of the Indiana Home Economics Association to be held Thuisday noon fiom 11 30 to 1 45 in the Union will featuie the modeling of the latest styles of faim women’s ■woik clothes These clothes, boi rowed foi the occasion fiom the U S Buieau of Home Economics, have been de signed from the standpioint of safe ty and health Miss Leila Gaddis, state leadei of home deiiiionsti ation agents at the Univeisity, explained that accidents have been reported caused by faun women doing woik 111 clothing not suitable f6i the task they aie peifoiming Each woman attending the lunch eon will be presented with the num bcis and issues of patterns used in the display, and they will be offered the assistance of the Home Economics depaitment if they wish to make any of these gaiments cfh
WBAA Will Broadcast
New Feature Today
Chemists Will Hear
Impoitance of coiiect weights and measuies will be emphasized in a senes of 13 ladio programs be ginning today at 6 45 p m over WBAA according to an announce ment by Di John W rcncc, state health commissioner This senes of 15 minute pio grams sponsored jointly by the State Board of Health and the In diana Association of Weights and Measuies, will be broadcast eveij other Monday as a public service featuie of WBAA
Corley Next Monday
Dr ft C Corley, professor of inochemisti y, will speak at the Jan uarj meeting of the University section of the American Chemical So uetj He will present the subj9ct |!Chemistry of the Immunity Re actions,” at 7 30 p nr Monday in toom 211, Stanley Coulter Hall * i5i Corley' became instructor and assistant professor of biochcinistij
Several of the programs are In diana Weights and Measures His toiy,” ‘ Adventures of Mary Con sumei and “Food Package Stand aidization ” i in f
in the school of medicine at Tulane University after he was awarded the doctor of philosophy degree from the University of Illinois in 1924 He took up his work here in 1930 Dr and Mrs Corley will at tend a dinner given nr then honor at 5 55 p m in the Union a 1 w
(Continued from page 1) straight collegiate victories at the expense of the Buckeyes,y the Riveteis will place at stake their share of the leadership in the Big Ten title race, a shaije they hold by virtue of substantial victories over Chicago and Michigan Bucks Beat Great Lakes The Ohio St^te five upheld preseason predictibns when they opened then schedule with an iinpres sive triumph over the highly publicized Great Lakes quintet, and also scored a victory at the expense of the University of Ken tucky. Later m the season the Buck eyes undertook to embark upon a western jaunt that took them to the Pacific coast The tup was ill fated from the start, for the first encounter found them on the short end of a 60 to 46 shellacking at the hands of Creighton College One reverse followed another and before the Buckeyes finally reached home they had suffered defeats from Stanford, UCLA and the Univer sity of California Fall Steadily The virtually yeteian Ohio State squad opened their Big Ten cam paign by dropping a ragged en counter to the University of Minne sota, but it IS generally conceded that the Bucks have had ample time to shake off the tiring effects of then holiday journey and should be prepared to make it an all out offensive against the Boilermakers If you will remember, thestwo teams met only once last year, and on that occasion it was the Gold ind Black playeis who were on the short dnd of the count that read 67 to 38 Lambert admits that al though the Riveters have had easy going in then first two encounters he is convinced this year s Buck eye combination is an even stronger unit than the one that took the mea sure of the Boileiniakeis last year Ohio State has some fine mdi vidual peitoimeis in their lineup and in Dick Fisher veteran for waid who wound up in third place in individual scoring in last season’s race they can boast a man who has the ability to match the scoi mg punch of the Riveters Spiowl and Blanken
During the past wdek Uambert haa laiti j^articulai stress op jjbhshifig tkb ftdifetlnaker’s fbst breaking attack, wbich a^ certain times during the'Michigan tilt found rough gdmg against the Wolverine’s superior height He stated that the reason for this Was due rn part to the failure of the Boilermakers to distinguish between a real fast break opportunity when it presented itself and when the best policy was to keep control of the ball and work it in to a score Lambert indicated that he iSntends to stick to virtually thC same" lineup that has set the pace for scoring among the Big Ten teams with an even 100 points in the two confeience games to date In addition to scoring moie points than any other five, the Boilermakers have used then prfessuie defense to gpod advantage in holding their opponents to a lowly 37 points, the best mark in the conference
wlh\lle no
XinoiltiS ■yrholus ot cAtpi di^y Retina jlhc
Before Agronomy Seiihlnar ke dtihedulcd
Professor Pooee\^|)(io|l^
All hth® itessea wifi
-OBABAM
ftrofessor M» 0. ftcncC, extension agronomist, gave an illustrated talk on “Observations ol^ Pasture Irnprovcm^t'^ Work in Certain Indiana CdUntiUa” at a recent seminar meeting. His discussion was based on improvement of pasture lands in IndiWa A large turnout was present to hear the report by Pence, g w s.
Bhie .Cltib Bcrbtt to Flcldhpddc riflq rtltige .Sntlirddy oftorndon, 8 0^ for first Big Tk Wkih —fhOMAN
for
^ ."tl> ^STAii
Anpiitii ka ni.litt. The condition hXtUnlnftiiOA ill A^pUe. , chanich 21, and ^2, Wilt ,hc glVk Bdtuffihyi *' *- ' '‘Tw
OutiagCliih Ide suating party, 'I'dcsday
Jan, 10, firom .1^4
or Hcavildh Hall
Jan l8. Meet kb West koar Of ufiloti at 7
‘• fiV - - - -
pm TtaliS]piaftatlon farfilshcd CalFOrcd Ootduds 611B8, or can akdw, 2m^ f6t reservations before Monday evening
—BUfiHQLER
Jpnior Military ^lidea% r* yoti, wyn to efttet 165 hat^tkr_^m^titi^il ^6* the
NoticOs
All Stadents All prescriptions to be filled in the Apothecary must be received not later than 4pm Monday throUgh Friday and by 11 30 a m on Saturday All pie scriptions must be called for at the counter in the Apothecary of the School of Phar macy
Pistol Team Ttyoots 'the folibwibg listed students arc askbd to feport at the Atmolry January 14 ^1942 4 00 p,fn Baynes F B , Bcdwull K R Bellows, H Bryant, R J> Katz A 8 Kuhn \y A Laird A Meachein , J R Miller P G Nicholson B R Parker K 'W Pcaraoh J M dharpe v G Sines F E Songer J R Wclhatim, E A , Wendt R R Weatoott D P Woltcr G R Cornelius E H , 8 00 p m Brunk J P Gpifihg T H Criste J D Titckey B C d^ruyn, G Farnsworth L E Fricke fi C dor nand W F Greehhalgb D K Jones C E Link G H Lukcnbill E B McCabe L J Metzger F A Rodgers, F E Singer M Smith B G Southworth Q 8 —BROWN
Seebnd semestei', turn ih
noon Jan, 17 tb capt Rtuby Lttt td Im ctdde two juniors, nine, sopbotobt'eS,
I , -iuEY
tty
WAA Ping Pplig atfd shu^leboat'd,,callout Will be Monday, Jan lO, at 4 p, m, sit , Sian,)A
Alpha Lambda T^efe Will ^'‘np meeting next Tuesday, Jan IS, ^ ^MacB^KALD
student War Council Important meet mg Saturday January 10 at 1 80 p m in the Student Senate office —BIBOS
Classified; Ads
Blanken Looks Even Better Captain Don Blanken, whose shift to the guard positron from the f01 ward post was effected to make the most of his ability to take rebound shots and his defensive prowess seems to have lost none of his offensive skill, and leniams as a permanent fixture in the Boil eimaker starting lineup Horsey Riley Cecil Polk and Red Caress are the other playeis in line as run lung mates to Don, and Riley’s fine play against Michigan seems to have earned him the job Frosty Spiowl, whose average of nearly 12 points a game makes him the team’s high scorer and Mickey Tierney whose brilliant floor work and accurate passing have been high spots of recent games, will team together at the forward posts Menke Shines As Soph Al Menke lapidlj improving sophomore center who has become a favorite with the fans in recent games because of his aggressive play and scoring ability, seems to have the pivot position well m hand and will be m the center circle to night when the lefeiee s toss opens the game
Sigma Delta Chi Members Will nil persons who still have Rasiile tickets out return them or the money immediately to me —ADAMSON
Sociology Stuuetits No testa this week in Soc 76 divisions B B & G and Soc 176A —SMITH
Typtwriun^Adding Machines all mbket sold, rsntad, ihppaiilra, and patohasod^Mjineogrkh Wotk dune^C J, Ebershoff, 606 laifaycttc BhoUe 2772
All Military SiuCents All students hav iiife abhcn ts in drills may make them Up during weeks of Jan 14 to 27 incl Credit for these make ups will be given in 1st semester grades foi students with C or I grades due U absences all others Will re ceive credit on their 2nd semester grades Two weeks period for make up will be determined by counting all regular school weeks between Dee 8 and Jan 27 excepting week of Jan 6 to 10 incl —GRAHAM
Newman Club Monthly breakfast in St Mary s Auditorium immediately after 9 30 Mass Sunday Jan 11 —RUNNION
Lost Sccldud wrist watch in shop wash room Phone 2648 RqWard
Double Room half block from Union, GpUd steady conditions hricndly atmosphere $9 00 Phone 4393
Reamers Show no go Future plans will be diacussctl at meeting Moriday Jan 12 at 7 30 p m in room 304 of the Union —RUFFNER
Interfoundational Athletic League Ball games at 1 20 p m Saturdhy in the Fieldhouse on court 1 Baptists vs Presbyterians and the Christians Vs Methodists Please be prompt —BLACK
Preshman Engineers Meet for I nginocr mg Lecture Saturday Jan 10 nt 8 a m in Eliza Fowler Hall Seating assignments are posted near the main entrance of Michael Golden Shops —KNaPP
Scrivener The follow mg be at the Scrivener office at 1 30 Saturday Jan 10 Graves Rieglc Dunbar Gallatin Allwardt Howard Searight and Husted —JUSTIN
CHINA and GLASSWARE KITSHEN EQUIPMENT GIUESPIE'S 2ZI Columbia St. PHOHE 6405 mrnmmmmrnmmiilkmimimmmmtmmm
You Can Have That New Clothes Look If you use Crown Cleaning Service regularly. CROWN CARES FOR YOUR CLOTHES
Health Service Daily Report
W K Lancet, Met ’42 was admitted to Home Hospital on Thurs daj Jan 3 for medical treatment
A Purdue store home owned by a Purdue man and run by Purdue students for Purdue students. “EVERYTHING FOR A COLLEGE EDUCATION"
We can’t please everyone but we really try C'
We have new and second-hand Purdue University textbooks for sale—books for every course in college.
fi
Wanted Boys to work on bapquets for Agricultural Conference week Apply Pui> due Union Cafeteria
We also pay 50% cash and 60% trade-in for textbooks used at
Purdue.
All candy, gum, and mints sold 3 for 10c
All form papers from 10c to 39c and 44c per pad
WE BUY AND SELL SECOND-HAND BOOKS EVERY DAY
H. G. REISNER BOOKSTORE
• I
Vis’?,