i*‘
Testimonial Dinner Tonight Will Honor David E. Ross High-lighting Gala Week festivities, the testimonial banquet for David E. Ross, president of the University Board of Trustees, will be held in the Union ballroom tonight at 6 o’clock. Ross will be guest of honor at this annual alumni affair, which will have John T. McCutcheon, ’89, cartoonist of the Chicago Tribune, as toastmaster. — — Speakers scheduled for the banquet are; President E. C. Elliott; J. W. Burt, Indianapolis, president of the ’93 class; H. W. Marshall, Sr., local publisher and former president of the board of trustees; Dave Thompson, Jr., ME ’38, chairman of the Gala Week committee; B. S. Swezey, ’13, president of the Purdue Alumni Association; J.W. Noel, Indianapolis, representing the trustees; George Ade, ’87; W. H. Winterrowd, ’07; and Bruce Rogers, ’90.
Glee Club Program
Entertainment will be provided for the diners by the Purdue Glee Club which will sing several songs. First on its program ^ will be a medley of “The Honor of Old Purdue,” “The Purdue Series Song,” followed by the series yell, and “Hail Purdue.” “The Blind Plowman,” and a negro spiritual, ‘‘De
(Continued on page 4)
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY
AprU 30, 1938
Loioyette, Indiana
VOL. 49
No. 167
Piirii® Outlasts Michigan, 3-2
Today's Gala Week Activities Include General Athletic Carnival In Fieldhouse
Jurist Visits Belts
David E. Ross, ’93
Campus Open House Attracts 7,000
Kiss-O-Meter Measures Oscuiafory Efficiency By Fredi Approximately 7,000 persons crowded the University buildings on the engineering campus last night as the doors opened on the annual engineering and pharmacy open house. Visitors pushed and pulled to see the exhibits . . . and University students pushed and pulled to admire the visitors. In the EE Building, much attention was centered on the “Kiss-o-meter” exhibit. When a pair was found who would sacrifice their modesty in the interests of research
they were given tubes to hold. During the osculatory contact a light beam would move across a graduated scale, designating the kiss as “merely platonic,” “marriage peck,” “puppy love,” or “torrid.” While one couple hit the torrid mark, most results came in the “puppy love” class. Worst Pun An exhibit which might be called “the worst pun on the campus” was found in the ME Building. Large placards announced “This Car Runs on Beer.” An open hood revealed only the smoothly running engine. No brewery aromas invaded the atmosphere. Upon close investiga-
ME Students Exhibit Auto Running On ieer»iotfles tion, it was discovered that the platform on which the car was mounted was supported by bottles of beer.
Sugar Pills
Pills that might make one sick were being distributed in the Pharmacy Building. Spearmint tablets, almost entirely sugar, were being compressed from the powder and handed out in the basement of the
building.
Michael Golden Shops were filled with visitors watching the students at work forging, welding, wood and metal-turning, and milling.
University Publishes Annual Report
'Obligation To The People Of The State/ Says Elliott By G. J. Tafel “Wehave an obligation to the people of the state to give at least once each year, a report of the growth and progress of their University,” said President E. C. Elliott last'night concerning the annual report of the president and other officers of the University. “This accounting of our stewardship,” President Elliott went on to say, “is vital under a democratic form of government for the welfare of our democratic system of education.” The report, covering the last fiscal year, July 1, 1936, to July 1, 1937, has recently come from the press, and is being distributed by the University. Nine Sections Divided into nine significant sections, the report covers the government and organization of the University, the administration, the schools and departments of instruction, the administrative offices, the committees of the faculty, student organizations, miscellaneous organizations, gifts and loans, and publications. In his introductory statement President Elliott enumerated some of the problems faced by the administration in maintaining scholastic standards while the University weathered the depression on a reduced budget, and of the aid given by the ’37 session of the Indiana le^slature by increasing annual appropriations. Federal Aid Also given credit were the numerous Federal Commissions which were responsible for the erection of several much-needed buildings, the improvement of others and the completion of numerous diverse projects. During the year the NYA provided $66,385.62, which made possible employment on a part time basis for more than 800 students, enabling many of them to remain in the University. What a modern university must do to safeguard student health is indicated by the report of the Student Health Service which provided service to 88.6 per cent of all students enrolled in the University during the year. In addition to this nine pages are given over to a list of the gifts and bequests received during the year, and, 30 pages are necessary to list only the titles of
the special articles and publications written by staff members during the year. Enrollment From an enrollment of 63 students the first year of the University’s existence, 1874-76, it has increased to 6,474, a gain of 864 over the previous year. During the past year students enrolled from every county in Indiana, 46 other states, and 16 foreign nations. Although the above was the regular enrollment, the records of the year indicate an attendance of 27,581 in the various short courses, institutes, and conferences. Even this large figure does not include the tens of thousands of individuals coming under the influence of University teaching through the activities of the various extension departments. Research While separate repoi’ts have been issued describing the research and extension work done in most departments, this current publication lists briefly some of the research work in the field of science. In addition to the various other divisions
Gala Week starts its second day this morning at 8 with a program including speech clinic demonstrations in University Hall, a general athletic carnival in the Fieldhouse, luncheons and dinners in the Union, special broadcasts over WBAA, a football game and class parade in Ross-Ade Stadium, open houses in Men’s and Women’s residence halls, and will end for the day with a blanket hop in the Union ballroom. Leaving the business district of West Lafayette at 2 o’clock this afternoon, seniors will parade to Ross-Ade Stadium wearing their traditional cords and other equipment which they donned in the Homecoming parade of last October. The Gimletsponsored freshman-varsity football game will begin at 3 p. m.
ElHott OpCUS HomC
Open house at President Elliott’s home at 576 South Seventh street on the east side will be tomorrow morning. This will be followed by the Gala Week dinner in the Union
ballroom.
Baccalaureate services will be held in the Fieldhouse tomorrow with Harold Willis Dodds, president of Princeton University, as the
speaker.
WEAA To Present 'Caipus Varieties' Arranged especially for the entertainment of the alumni who are on the campus for the Gala Week activities, WBAA’s “Campus Varieties” hour to be broadcast at 3 p. m. today will include many stars from student ranks. It will be presented from the music room of the
Union.
With Henry Miller presiding as master of ceremonies, Sal Palma and Benny Burns, of “Of Thee I Sing” fame, will present a comedy skit; Bud Bryant’s swingsters with Jo Friend, songstress, will lend color in sophisticated style, and Carol Heath, a Jefferson High School student, will give imitations of screen and radio artists. In addition a short dramatic skit will be given. ‘‘P’’ Men Receive Blankets Tonight Bill Carlsen and his “Band of a Million Thrills” will furnish “sweet swing” for mixer goers, alumni, and “P” Men tonight in the Union ballroom. Regular mixer prices of one dollar will prevail, but tickets to the Ross banquet preceding the dance will -also be good for admission to the dance. At 11 o’clock, senior lettermen will be awarded “P” blankets. Dancing will continue from 9 to 12 p. m. Pi Kappa Phi... . . . fraternity announces the pledging of Richard M. Edwards, Indianapolis.
Pamphlet' Covers Fiscal Year, |yly 1936-|yiy 1937 76 projects were under way in the department of chemistry alone. During the last several years much has been done by the Purdue Research Foundation which handles legal relationships and personal contact with industry in the far-flung prograUi of research in progress at the University. The report of the Foundation, which operates as a separate entity, reveals that it has assets valued at $881,317.26. Special Reports Also included in the report are tables which show that 18,215 degrees have been awarded, and the division of the 746 persons on the faculty, research, extension, and administrative staffs. Along with these facts, the publication includes special reports from deans of men and women, as well as deans of all schools, of other administrative officers, the library, the student organizations, a number of faculty committees, and various other divisions and branches of the University.
Carl Victor Weygandt... . . . Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Ohio ,will be the principal speaker tonight at a banquet to be held at 6:30 p. m. in the Delta Tau Delta house. The banquet will be a three-fold affair serving as an initiation dinner, a testimonial to their house adviser, Charles E. McCabe, who has been with them for 13 years, afid a celebration of Delta Tau Delta’s thirty-first year on the campus. Preceding the dinner, formal initiation will be held at 4:30 p. m. 'P' Men Sponsor Annual Binpet Joe Mihal, co-captain of the football squad, acted as toastmaster for the annual P Men’s Club banquet held last night in the Memorial Union Building. About 100 “P” men attended and witnessed the awarding of gold basketballs to the 193738 basketball team. G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school, last night was appointed by the “P” Men executive committee as International president of the club. Retiring President C. H. “Big Robbie” Robertson, former Purdue football captain who took an active part in the banquet, will return to California to make it his permanent residence. Peace Ballots... ... in Exponent’s poll of student opinion on important international questions may be turned in today until 4 p. m. Voting forms may be torn from yesterday’s paper and turned in at the Union desk box or at either the Union or Lafayette Exponent office. Extra ballots are available at a desk which the Purdue Student Alliance is maintaining in the Union basement, between the sweet shop and the cafeteria.
Gala Week Program For Today, Tomorrow
TODAY 8:00 a. m.—Indiana Speech Defect Clinic (all day), Basement, University Hall. Visitors welcome. 8:30 a. m.—Alumni Reception (all morning)—main building of each school. 9:00 a. m.—Kenneth Washburn, “What Makes a Work of Art Great”—Home Economics Auditorium. 10:00 a. m.—^Kenneth Washburn, above subject repeated in same auditorium. 10:30 a. m.—^Athletic Carnival—swimming, boxing, fencing, wrestling, etc. New Gymnasium. 11:00 a. m,—Radio Broadcast, “Just Kids” program—Room C, Memorial Union Building. 11:30 a. m.—Radio Broadcast “High School Guest Hour” program-^Music room, Memorial Union Building. 12:10 p. m.—Gala Week Luncheon—Memorial Union ballroom. 1:00 p. m.—Annual meeting Purdue Alumni Association, Inc. 2:00 p. m.—Open House (until 5:00 p. m.)—Women’s Residence Halls, Cary Halls for Men and Women’s Athletic Association Log Cabin. 2:30 p. m.—Traditional Class Parade—starts in Village, ends in the Stadium. 3:00 p. m.—Football—Varsity vs. Frosh, sponsored by Gimlet Club. Presentation Alumni trophy between halves to outstanding freshman. 3:00 p. m.—Radio Broadcast, “Campus Varieties” program—Music room Memorial Union Building. 6:00 p. m.—The David E. Ross Banquet—Memorial Union ballroom— John T. McCutcheon, ’89, Toastmaster—^Purdue Men’s Glee Club. 9:00 p. m.—Annual Senior-Alumni dance (until midnight)—Memorial Union ballroom.
9:30 p. m.—Class business meetings, parties and smokers—’08 Class Stag, Elks Qub. 11:00 p. m.—Presentation of “P” Blankets to the senior lettermen—Memorial Union ballroom. TOMORROW 9:00 a. m.—Breakfasts and business meetings as scheduled by dass secretaries. Iron Key Breakfast. 10:00 a. m.—Open House—President and Mrs. Edward C, Ellliott’s home, 515 South Seventh StreetGolf—Choice of courses. “P” Men’s Golf Tournament—^West Lafayette Country Club. 12:10 p. m.—Gala Week Dinner—Memorial Union ballroom. Presentation of Golden Anniversary Certificates to the 1888 Class. Presentation of Loyalty Certificates to the ’93, ’98, '03, ’08 Classes. Presentation of Silver Anniversary Certificates to the 1913 Class. 2:30 p. m.—Review Faculty—Senior Academic Procession—Raising of 1938 flag. Gala Week visitors march in rear of Academic Procession to the Fieldhouse. 3:00 p. m.—Baccalaureate—Speaker, Harold Willis Dodds, President of Princeton University. Fieldhouse. Section reserved for Alumni. 4:00 p. m.—Mike Murphy, world famous stunt flyer—^“What Shouldn’t Be Done With An Airplane”—Purdue University Airport. 4:30 p. m.—Purdue Band Concert in front of Eliza Fowler Hall. Farewell songs, cheers, and goodbyes. Special Gala Week features include— The Annual Freshman Egg Show—Poultry BnjUdihg. The Annual Spring ^hibit, Purdue Camera Club—^Memorial Union Building.
Vernon's Homer In Fifteenth Finishes Game At Ann Arbor By Bud Benjamin Michigan Daily Sportswriter Ann Arbor, Mich., April 29. Big- Arnold Bredewater struck out 17 Michigan batters here today and scattered 14 Wolverine hits, to pitch Purdue’s Boilermakers to a 3 to 2 victory in 15 innings. The game was marred in the 15th when Purdue scored its winning run but batted out of order in doing so. Arthur Bredewater was supposed to lead off but a mistake on the Boilermaker’s bench sent Johnny Vernon to the plate. Winning Margin Vernon laid into one of Ed Androniks fast balls and laced it far into left field to give the Boilermakers their winning margin. The error was not discovered, however, tmtil Jim Thompson and Joe Waling had singled. A lengthy dispute took place with the umpires ruling that Vernon’s homer counted because the mistake was noticed after two other batters had come to the plate. Smith, who started for Michigan, hurled five hitless innings before he was touched for singles by Arnold Bredewater and Ross Dean in the sixth for the first Boilermaker run. They added another in the ninth when Wayne Hearne doubled, Tom Dickinson singled him to third, and Felix Mackiewicz squeezed him home with a bunt in front of the
plate.
Score by innings: Purdue 000 001 001 000 001—3 Michigan 000 000 002 000 000—2 Symphonic Band Will Play Concert At 4:30 Tomorrow A short concert by the Purdue Symphonic Band in front of Fowler Hall tomorrow afternoon will climax a week-end of engagements honoring the gi-gduating seniors and the visiting alumni. The program, which Will begin at 4:30 p. m. will consist. Professor P. S. Emrick has announced, of only light numbers and solos. For the Baccalaureate proper, Pi’ofessor Emrick has chosen Elgar’s “Pomp and Circumstance” for the Senior Processional and the moderate maestoso from the final movement of Tschaikowsky’s “Fifth Symphony” for the Recessional. Playshop's Veterans Present Final Play Of Season Tuesday Tuesday night at 8 o'clock the curtain will go up for the opening night of Playshop’s final i»lay of season, “Squaring the Circle.” Co-starred in the production -wi-th the cast of campus actors is Dickie Humphreys, 8 year hid local enter- ’ tainer, who will play the part of Sashka. The cast for the play inincludes veterans Benny Burns, (Jil Devore, Beverlie Rice, Dave Thompson, Bernard Everett, and Lois Randolph, while' Rochelle Rosenwasser, Grover Rose, Jane Robinson, John Fisher, and Ebner George present new faces.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Pair and somewhat warmer today, n Yesterday’s Temperatures: Low, 60; high, 6$; mean, 68,mmm
-'C
■ >■ -rA^il
mf P' I'. I u
£dihfaaL
THE PURDUE EXPONQIT
diunuA.
Saturday, April 30, 1938
Jh£ ^ditoh ScufA: ‘’‘It Sure Is Good ... ... to tret back on the old campus again.” That’s what the old giads—and not so old grads, too weie .'-aying last night at open house, in the Union Buildintr, and aiound town. Addine to last night's milling throng were many hundreds of high school boys and girls . . . hcie to see the University in opeiation—and at its best. Many of these high school youths were forming opinions of the campus w Inch may oi may not lead them back for a lontrei stay next fall, or a year from then. But today they aie mostly gone . . . and the w'^eekend's progiam wnll devote itself to Purdue alumni, and less extensively to 1938’s senioi’s-alumni after June. The campus is yours today. Alumni . . . yours for inspection, contemplation, retrospection, and enjoyment. During the remainder of the school year we students pretty well monopolize the University scene, but today we step aside for the men and women who have been the Purdue of the past. You will find many evidences of the progressive spirit of the University today. Alumni; you will find actualities that were the dreams of your Purdue past. Foremost among these realized dreams is a $725,000 Fieldhouse—completed now, but only in early stages of construction a year ago ... a" building whose construction was made possible partly through the generosity of this week-end’s visitors. Purdue’s new Fieldhouse is a magnificent structure, fully capable of housing the indoor athletic activities of a large and growing student body. The Fieldhouse is only a part of the campus building, however, that has been finished during the past year and which is now in process of construction. Another residence hall for women was completed last summer, as w'ere additions to the Physics Building and to Service and Stores later in the year. Eliza Fowler Hall has been remodeled into a student playshop . . . another wing to the Horticultural Building and a new Ag chemistry Building are going up on the south campus . . . plans for a Chemical Engineering Building on Stuart Field will soon be put into operation. Almost 700 more students are on the campus this spring than were here a year ago—an increase of 12 per cent. Largest engineering institution in the world, Purdue now boasts 400 more prospective engineers now
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
^socintcd
Entered as second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorised Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $8.60.
Edltor-InrChief
Bnsineaa manager
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. J. K. Brock Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer Associate EMitors D. A.. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanbai^ D. R. Vance Sophomore Assistants—^R. J. Deckard, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E!. Insley, R. L. Keck, W. A. Kroeplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A, Torrence, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager— W. J. GillUan Local Advertising Manager. R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager... _.M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor ESizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea/'Justin, , Sally McKee I SPORTS STAFF Editor -R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Wltwer MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6637 Business Phone 6688
Night Editor—Stanback Issue Editor—Keck Saturday, April 30, 1938
than in 1937. The University’s only fully motorized ROTC unit in the country now includes some 2,500 students, is divided into two brigades that assemble for separate Corps Days each week—on Tuesday and Thursday at 11 o’clock. But you. Alumni, will learn these things as you participate in the programs that have been arranged for this week-end. Make the most of the class luncheons, dinners, reunions ... of this morning’s athletic carnival, of this afternoon’s Frosh-Varsity football game, of tonight’s Ross banquet, mixer, and other parties ... of tomorrow’s breakfasts. Gala Week Dinner, and other winding up aifairs. The University is a great place—this week-end.
GALA WEEK THERE IS SOMETHING . . . . . . that we would like to have explained. How is it that there is an extremely radical PEACE drive one day and then the next day the whole army is called out? We don’t . . . as the saying goes . . . GET IT.
IT’S TOUGH ON . . . . . . the Eds this week-end with three Co-ed bid dances going on. The three are the Residence Halls, the Ky-0, or the Alfa-Ky’s, take your choice ( ? ).
DON’T COUNT TOO . . . . . . much on the Ky-O’s as we understand that they are making a fraternity pin one of the requirements for initiation, and take it from us, those girls are up to expectations.
NOTICE . . . If you are having trouble getting to classes because of the large crowds, report to the GALA GANG COMMITTEE and you will receive a pass which will permit you on the campus. WE WOULD LIKE TO KNOW . . . . . . that if it takes a hypodermic needle to get into the Sweet Shop, what does it take to get in Lamb’s ? It looks like all the old-time ROUNDERS have returned.
What, Where, When?
A degree or title is the result of much effort of one kind or another on the part of its recipient, who usually feels a great pride in the title as being the evidence of his work, and pride is sometimes a dangerous asset. Be careful then in the use of titles and degrees. To understate a title is considered slighting by some, and to overstate it is ridiculous For the use of Mr., Miss, or Mrs., there are three good arguments— modesty is a virtue—effort is not aristocratic—and doctor or professor used as titles are not democratic. To be a man or woman is the highest rank in life; doctor or professor are incidental.
-jnoAiJei *a3yeuiJO|J3<l 3|a3M-piua e 04 |ji6 fsaq 4X3U jnoA a)|e4 'Ae(] s,J3i|40^ J04 Buituoa 4,usi J3i|40ui inoA 41
69Zk £-£ Abw-HBH
.aiDHID 3HI pNiavn&s,. SuuaffQ I pwiijf s^doiisKni^ til 3A01 Butjmpul NM0Q-]0ISdn SI ■ ONIHlAdlAin
CAMERA BARGAINS Merchandise Traded In On New Cameras —Argus Camera, Eveready Case, Lens Kit and Enlarger $25.00 —620 Kodak Doublet Lens 8.00 —116 Kodak f5.6 Lens with Case 15.00 —Foth Derby wth f3.5 Lens 18.00 —Bantam Kodak with f6.3 Lens 6.00 —116 Kodak with Case 5.00 —616 Kodak with Filters & P. A 20.00
—616 Kodak Sr. with 16.3 Lens —Kalart Speed Flash —Memo Enlarger with f3.5 Lens —Eastman Cine' Kodak Titler ALL ABOVE ITEMS IN GOOD CONDITION
19.00 8.00 15.00 5.00
HINEA'S 634 MAIN
MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30
One man alone challenged the might of a powerful spy ring mocking death in his search for thrills cmd a beautiful woman! INVISIBLE ENEMY
Allan Mcxrsholl
with Tala Birell
C. Henry Gordon
Today Two First Run Hits
"LADY BEHAVE" 'ATLANTIC FLIGHT'
Letters to the Editor
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Letters to the editor must be kept at a reasonable length and mast be accompanied by the writers’ signatures. Unless otherwise requested, the author’s name will be published with his letter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, the editor sees fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict conddence.
Band Is Unfair To Its Members Dear Editor: Although I am not a member of the band, I feel that an unfair situation exists. I have learned from talking with band members that the Purdue Symphonic Band has to go to Fdrt Wayne to play a concert on Saturday night. May 7. As you know that is the first day of the Mother’s Day week-end, and it contains quite a few functions for the students and their mothers. The mothers are naturally planning to come on Saturday. However, they will not come if their sons have to leave town to play a concert. Plans made for a long time have had to be cancelled. The most important of these functions on Saturday is the University sing that night on the Oval. Many fraternities have been counting on these men who are in the band to sing with their respective groups. I think that this concert is causing an unfair situation for the men in the Band on one of the most important week-ends in their college life. G. W. B., Eng. Law ’40. Soldier Boy, Soldier Boy Dear Editor: My Buddies: You were grand today in your uniforms. Your march was quick and snappy. You will look great upon the battlefields, marching to music, in an array of brilliant colors; but I see another picture of you also. I see the machine gun bullets upon your chest—indeed—three or four of them. You stagger and fall. The blood' gushes forth. How strange! Only a minute ago you were talking to me. Now you are in agony and calling for me and for water. \Vhat’s this—death? No! No! You cannot die. You and I are buddies.
Starts TOMORROW
‘Yep—you’ll find makin’ your first hundred is the hardest!”
The rest go on. The others come and they cover you over with a blanket. The flies are beginning to buzz around your shoes. Only a beating heart kept you from decaying, now you are gone. They are digging a hole for you—wrapping you in a blanket, and soon your face will be covered with dirt. A shallow grave and a wooden marker—your reward. Soon the earth things will carry you into their innumerable labyrinths. She will never be able to find you then. She loved you too! Still, you died for a great cause. She will appreciate that, and she’ll tell your children how brave you
AMERICA'S LEADING LOVE TEAM IN THE COMEDY HIT OFrnS
ARC
SUNDAY — MONDAY
@ <iiirnKi|
RKO-RADIO Picture
EDWARD L.A1PER50N /laraj ' ESHIASI) EVERETT
.HORTON '--Mlipol ' ^^Tobin
'.Hi
6»AHDIIimOHU'6B6,«
— also — Corum “Sport Reel”
-LAST TIMES TODAY“Western Gold”
‘Speed to Spare’’
‘Painted Stallion”
were. In a few years you will be honored yearly. Kings, Presidents, Statesmen and Dictators will praise and laud you in public—and laugh up their sleeves in private, for being the fool that you were. War is iqevitable! —Wayne B, Fisher, Ag ’38.
TODAY — SATURDAY ^ ON THf 1; I
A NEW UNIVERSAL PICTURE with RALPH BELLAMY JOSEPHINE HU'TCHINSON
ALL WEEK STARTING TOMORROW 7!^ CLARK MYRMA WLE’LOY Ttrmor "“UGNaBARRYIIMRE A fictom
MARS
TODAY ONLY
SCENES
Chtldrea 15«
7.^DIPLOMATS AMERICA'S HOTTEST ALL GIP.U SWING BAND INCLUDING OOROTHY" RAGFIRST lady OF SWING SBNSfiTIONfiL moBomRftcrioN exOTiC- OAaiM.6>A‘'
Saturday, April 30, 1938
THE PURDUE
h.
^hn*if-A.
EXPONENT
Frosh Battle Varsity This Afternoon In Gala Week Tilt
Varsity Track Squad Gains 49-31 Laad Over Freshmen In Annual Outdoor Meet
Gimlets Sponsor Annual Game; Yearling Eleven Victorious Last Spring, 18-13
l|
Yesterday afternoon the varsity trackmen who didn’t attend the Drake Relays took on the frosh squad in the annual freshman-var-sity meet and finished up eight of the 14 events scheduled for thfe Gala Week throng with a point margin of 49-31.
Height, 12 feet 1 inch. High Jump—Verink (F), first; Witt (V), second; Menke (F), third. Height 5 feet, 10 inches.
FRESHMEN Position VARSITY Rankin LE Britt Neff LT Mihal (Capt.) Cook LG L. A. Johnson Axton C Humphrey (Capt.)
I'
Good Material Coming Yesterday’s results indicate that next year’s squad will have some good material coming up from the yearling ranks. Freshmen Weber in the shotput, Verink in the high jump, and Holderman in the mile run, all turned in fine records in winning their events yesterday.
Discus Throw—Murphy (V), first Willey (V), second; Kessler, (V), third. Distance, 119 feet, 10 inches.
440 Yard Dash—Luther (V) first; Terhune (V), second; Fifield (V), third. Time, ;51.4.
Verplank
R. K. Johnson Krause Hennis Brown Brock
Summary: Shot Put—Weber (F), first; Murphy (V), second; Kessler (V), third. Distance, 45 feet, 2 inches. Pole Vault—Hibbs ), first.
100 Yard Dash—Wadleigh (V), first; Resnick, (F), second; Verink (F), third. Time, :10.4. Mile Run—Holderman (F), first; Marozick (V), second; Long (V), third. Time, 4 minutes 32.7 seconds. 120 Yard High Hurdles—Gutting (V) first; Shidler (V) second; Deckard (V), third. Time, :15.7.
Miller RG Timperman RT Schaible RE Kowalchuk QB Mcllwain LH Byelene RH
Petty FB DeWitte OFFICIALS—Referee, Dick Miller, Indianapolis; umpire, C. F. Helvie, South Bend; judge, George Yamelle, Huntington; head linesman, Jim Puett, Logansport.
Potential Boilermaker grid-
VOTE FOR A PURDUE GRADUATE . . . A PURDUE DAD
CLARENCE E. BAXTER
Republican Candidate for COUNTY TREASURER Primary — May 3, 1938
Leaders in
Spring Styles
GENTLEMEN: Presenting your Spring suit, styled by Campus "Togs. If you like smart style, attractive pattern, superfine tailoring, and know values, be sure to see these suits today. - - - And they're modeled for young men only.
$2250
Others $19.75 to $40.00
Henry Rosenthal Co.
322 Main Street
iron power for next fall’s varsity will be tested this afternoon in the annual Gimletsponsored frosh-varsity football game at 3 o’clock in RossAde Stadium. The Gold and Black yearlings will be stacked up against a sophomore-junior varsity combination in a regulation game that might be considered as a preview of 1938 gridiron prospects. Last year the frosh passed their way to an 18-13 victory over the regulars. Nesbitt, DeWitte, Vyverberg, and Krause, starred for the rhinies. Preliminary scrimmages with the varsity have indicated that the speed of this year’s frosh may offset the varsity’s experience. The first year men will be handicapped by the absence of Tykocki, star halfback, who is out with an infected elbow. Between the halves the spotlight
will be taken by Burr Swezey, President of the Purdue Alumni Association who will present the eighth annual Purdue Freshman Football Merit Trophy, with its accompanying gold watch, to the freshman who has shown himself outstanding in spring drill, scholarship, attitude, and attendance. To retain the permanent possession of this trophy the winner must return to the University next fall eligible for var-
sity play.
The annual battle is being sponsored by Gimlet Club, athletic booster honorary. Tickets can be purchased at Deac’s, Southworth’s, or from any Gimlet member or pledge.
WM Archery Scores
Results of the WAA archery tournament held at 4 p. m. yesterday, are as follows; Mary L. Goff, 141; Mona J. Balcom, 136; Helen M. Essington, 90; Virginia L. Hart, 54; Mary L. Criss, 53; and Lucille E. Osboin, 44.
DRESSESTOPCOATS
QhmmudL &
You'll enjoy your week-end outing if your clothes are spic and span.
West Side Cleaners
^2 North Street
k
WOW!
IT'S GALA WEEK
. . . and we're wishing you guys and GAL-a's a GALA time during the GAYIa-est week at old Purdue.
Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048
525 Alabama Street
Entry Still Possible In Pour Sports Teams
Novice Billiards Play
Several matches in the first round of the novice billiards contests which are being held in the Union billiard room have already been played, but entries are still open in these events. Winners in the straight rail billiards matches held so far are: R. Belding, D. B. Mills, W. Fullerton, J. E. Zachary, W. C. Renfranz, H. G. Lankford, R. M. Streibinger, J. E. Dailey, and P. Bigelow.
Out Of Town Today
In the old fashioned 8-balI pocket billiards matches the following have won their first contests; J. A. Cunningham, R. L. Perkins, G. Goodwin, H. J. Lucas, P. K. Grove, and H. F. Bockstege.
Boilermaker sports sqnads have forsaken the home grounds for the week-end with all four of the spring sports teams invading enemy territory today. The Purdue track team is taking in the Drake Relays, while the baseball squad tackles Michigan at Ann Arbor in the second of the twogame series today. At Bloomington the Boilermaker tenms team plays two matches in the round robin tournament between Purdue, Indiana, Illinois, and Ohio State. Notre Dame provides the opposition for the golf team as it faces its third match of the year.
<Aff>
Folks say our delicious bakery items taste good, and we feel confident you’ll say the same and ask for more, once you have tasted them. If you want the cakes, cookies and breads that really give you the most in tasty goodness, insist on GRAVES’ quality baked products — they are tops.
Graves’ quality Bakery
Phone 3852 124 State. W. L. ‘^Catering to Fraternities and Sororities^*
An Island of
HAPPINESS
in the Union.
It's cool and restful. Make it a point to visit the Union at least once a day. You'll enjoy yourself!
Jhb fiwvdiuL WmuydtxL Unlmc
Corner of the Campu»-~Yet the Center of Activities
’ M
J, ‘VR'iv-'"'
3^xaL OdA,
THE PUSDUE EXPONENT
yiidioA.
Saturday. April 30. 1938
Masked Venus Feature On Mars Stage Today
i
i
Featured attraction of the stage show at the Mars Theater today is the Masked Venus. The show also offers, “The Diplomats,” an all-girl swing band. Reeves Newsom Leaves New Post For Reunion Reeves Newsom, CE ’13, newly elected president of the American Water Works Association, left immediately after his induction into office to attend the 25th reunion of his class being held here this weekend. Newsom was elected president of the 3,000 water works officials, consulting engineers, and engineers of allied interests who comprise the Association at a convention in New Orleans.
League Standings NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. New York 9 1 .900 Pittsburgh 8 2 .800 Chicago 7 4 .636 Brooklyn 5 5 .500 Boston 4 4 .500 St. Louis 3 7 .300 Cincinnati 3 8 .273 Philadelphia 1 9 .100 Yesterday’s Results Brooklyn, 5; Philadelphia, 4. Chicago, 6; Cincinnati, 4.
AMERICAN LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. Cleveland 8 2 .800 Washington 7 4 .636 Boston 6 5 .545 New York , 6 6 .500 Chicago 4 5 .444 Detroit 4 6 .400 St. Louis 4 7 .363 Philadelphia 3 7 .300 Yesterday’s Resmti New York, 6; Boston, 4. Philadelphia, 7; Washington, 6. Cleveland, 3; St. Louis, 2. Detroit, 5; Chicago, 1.
Lawn Mowcts, , Sprinlderg, Fertilizer, Seeds, Hose SPERBHMDWME 822 Main St.
TesfimonialDir/ner— (Continued from page 1) Animals Are Cornin’,” will also be rendered, and the Glee Club will close with a surprise song, “A Toast.” Tickets may be obtained by anyone who wishes to attend for $1.25 at the alumni office, the Union desk or Decker’s in Lafayette. The price of the banquet ticket includes the mixer following the dinner. 200 Operators Conclude Indiana Coal Conference Approximately 200 producers, distributors, and consumers of coal attended the annual Indiana Coal Conference which closed here yesterday. > Speaking before the conference on solving industrial fuel problems, L. F. Lang, Chicago engineer of the Detroit Stoker Company, stated that there is no better coal than Indiana coal if it is handled properly. However, he emphasized that industrial plants must be equipped to handle it. Friday morning’s session was devoted to control problems of the domestic stoker in which Prof. W. T. Miller spoke on trouble shooting in the residential plant, and the afternoon was given over to a discussion of the Bituminous Coal Act of 1937 by Robert P. Koenig, president of the Electric Shovel Coal Corporation, at Danville, 111. V Phi Lambda Vpsilon . . . ... chemical honorary, announces the pledging of the following men: Juniors—Brumfield, P. E.; Carr, E. D.; Craft, W. S.;, Dinius, J. H.; Duncan, R. F.; Eichmeyer, A. G.; Fishman, L. B.; Fowler, A. R.; and Hamilton, C. W. Lacy, G. E.; Langworthy, C.; Lennox, A. R.; Lownie, H. W. Jr.; Rudolph, J. M.; Parks, J. M.; Sherwood, D. W.; Stutzman, L.; and Witwer, B. D. Gi’aduates—Fortune, W. B.; and Roach, J. R.
MAY 8 FRATERNITY MOTHER'S DAY GROUP PHOTOS We will have caitieramaii working all day. Make appointments before Sunday. CALL 6433 TANCO STUDIOS 306 State W. Lafayette
THIEME & WANGERIH CO.
622-626 Mean Street
A Sensational Buy! MEN’S SHIRTS
Most oi them the celebrated E&W brand —known lor quality and workmanship. In white and patterned styles—full cut —assorted sleeve lengths. Sizes 14 to 17. A big buy at
Sizes 14 to 17
$1-00
^^Peter Piper*’ Suits for Boys
This is juist the suit mothers have been looking for—guaranteed fast colors— all the popular high shades in piping oi contrasting colors. Sizes six to sixteen years.
New Models
Dean Jordan Heads Health Conference Dean C. B. Jordan of the University school of Pharmacy will head the conference for the planning of an Indiana Inter-Profes-sional Health organization. Dean Jordan was chosen chairman at the third meeting Wednesday, of state medical, dental, pharmaceutical, nurse, and hospital organizations. Advancement of public health through better cooperation of the groups, in service, and interchange of information and knowledge, is the purpose of the conferences. Dr. F. T. Romberger, West Lafayette, was chosen vice chairman. Professor H. W. Heine of Purdue is secretary-treasurer. Washington High School Wins Vocational Contest Washington High School of East Chicago won first place in the open class competition for industrial vocation pupils when judging of entries was announced yesterday. The contests, which included entries in drawing, wood working, machine shop products, and printing, were a part of the years activities of the annual Industrial Vocational Round-Up which convened here yesterday. More than 1000 persons registered in Michael Golden Shops, where the exhibits were displayed. Announcements Will Go On Sale At Noon Today Commencement anjnouncements will go on sale today at noon at Deac’s and Southworth’s. The price is 25 cents for leather bound, 15 cents for cardboard bound, aijid 5 cents for Dutch bound. Announcements must be paid for at the time they are ordered. The announcements must be ordered by May 4. Later in the week they will go on sale in the Union.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Sophomore Exponent Co-eds—^Meet in the Union Exponent office Sunday, May 1, at 6 o’clock. —FYKE.
Cadet Officers’ Luncheon Committee: The mating for Monday afternoon _ cailcelled. Get Inspection Banquet tickets in Colonel Pickering’s office some time Monday, May 2 —BEHRENDS.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, May 1 at at 232 Wood at 7:80 p. m. Bring manuscripts. All members must be present. Election of officers. —FELDMAN.
Scabbard and Blade: All members who can help with the Best Soldier Contest please report to Armory at 1 o’clock Saturday afternoon, April 30, in uniform. —BAALS.
Christian Science Organiration: Regular meeting will be held in room A of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. Tuesday, May 3. —WINTER.
Seniors With Detroit Jobs: All seniors who have secured jobs in Detroit are to meet with L. G. LePavour, secretary of the Detroit Purdue Alumni Association, Saturday morning, April 30, at 10 a. m. in room D of the Union. —BAUGH.
Best Soldier Centestants: Freshmen and sophomores who signed up for Best Soldier Contest please report to Armory at 1 p. m. Saturday, April 80, in uniform. J —GOERS.
Christian Foundation: Get your reservations made by noon Saturday, April 30, for P. D. I. conference, which will be held Sunday, May 1. Call 31824 for reservation. —CRISS.
Junior Military: Draw F. A. Book 204 from Supply Room without delay. (4-30) —WHISTLER.
Purdue Motorcyclists: No meeting this week. The usual week-end rides will be taken, however. (4-30) —LENN.
Newman Club: There will be an important meeting of members Sunday, May 1, after the 9:30 mass. At this time election of officers for the coming year will be held. Announcement of dates for the spring dance and for the annual picnic will be made at this time. —MIEIER.
Union Sophomores: Louise Schickler, Ruth Zimmerman, Vincent Hruby, Dick Demars, Bob Hastings, Jim Ashton, Georgianna Baker, and Paul Cooper report any time Saturday, April 30, for woi'k on the social usage survey. -GARLAND.
Local Ads
Co-ed ’Tennis: Six tennis courts on University street are women’s courts. Men may use them only as guests of women students. (4-30) —HAZELTON.
Debris: Meeting for all juniors and sophomores on editorial and photography staffs Monday, May 2, at 4 p. m., in tte Debris office. —EHINGER.
University Choir and Orchestra: There will be compulsory attendance for the rehearsal to be held in the Fieldhouse Saturday, April 30, at 4 p. m. All members desiring keys or pins must bring their money with them as this is their only chance to order. No orders will be taken unless they are paid for. —CODDINGTON.
Photographers: Those who took pictures of Zouaves squad are urged to submit prints. There is no limit set on the number submitted. All prints will be returned. Put them in my military box on second floor of Armory. (4-30) —COEN.
PIA Petitions: All petitions for board positions must be in by 6 p. m. Monday, May 2. ■ —SCHLUNDT.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. I^upplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. EbershofF, 605 Main street. LOST—Black loose leaf notebook. Reward. Phone R. Culp 7014,
Reamer Club: Actives and pledges be sure to be at Heavilon Hall by 7 p. m. sharp, Saturday, April 30. —ROSS.
RENT—New Royal Portable typewriters by the week or month. Call 6477 Decker’s. 518-20 Main.
We Think It Good Business To give our customers a little more for their money. It would be an easy matter to operate our dry cleaning business without the use of MONITE moth proofing. Bnt we feel it good business to give our customers garments this added protection against moths at no extra cost.
FINE C L E A N E R S O F FINE C L t> T H E S WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
From Sat., April 30, to Sat., May 7
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqore Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
20% Discount on all
PREPARATIONS 20% discount on all FRANCES DENNEY Preparations! That's economical news for every woman who values her charm. Make the most of the opportunity; replenish your supply at these startling savings! A FEW OF THE MANY VALUES WITH SALE PRICES:
Make-up Mask ....... Herbal Oil Blend ...... Starglow Lipstick and Rouge Eye Cream
. $2.00, $3.60 . $1.60, $4.40 . $ .80, $ .80 $2.00, $3.60
I
Herbal Throat and Neck Blend . $ 1.60, $4.40 Pace Powders ; . . . $ 1.20, $2.40 MHd Skin Tonic $1.12, $2.20 Derby Red Make-up is
also in this sale
THE FAMOUS ONCE-A-YEAR SALE
lOEB SKENE COMPANY
• the Exponent Service Directory
e Bookstores
"BEAC" Everything for a College Education H.G.BQiNEEl SOUTHWORTH'S Everything lor the Purdue Student e Professional The Sisk Dented Clinic DK. FAUL A. nSK DB. SAEOO) J. BISK DB. SeBBBff e. BISK DB. LOTBKB A. BISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 DR. A.M.imON DENTIST 1191/2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Printing
iRINTING
SUDDEN SERVICE
”'Olflc« SUIIonery . □ El Wedding liivlUfloni S«l«t Booki, Etc. PHONE ^ 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
e Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop In the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
• Jewelry
R.J.BATH Watch Mcdcer 605 Main Street
R.C.EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This, is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
Hardware
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. for Your Cleaning Needs Sander for Rent
• Locksmith
"C" CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph. 2291 Stcrte-Mcdn, W. L.
• Florist
•C'C