Read the Boilermaker Sportsmanship Code at the Bottom of This Page Today.
Purdue Exponent
SATOBDAY Jonucfry’ 1$. 1938 Lafayette/ Indiaiia VOL. 49 No. 91
8,5®§ ^atch Dedicatory 8ame
Badgers Play In Climax To Fieldhouse Inaugural
Boilermakers Brawl, Win Prizes In Year's Most Classic Affair Four hundred couples made whoopee last night at the yeaF s most unusual dance, as the Boilermakers and their sweethearts cut loose to the rhythms of Bernie Young and Bud Bryant, in the Union ballroom . Dressed in unusual costumes of all varieties, few of the Brawlers were rejected by the Decency committee at the ball- —
room entrance.
Contrary to previous announcements, both orchestras played in the ballroom, and competed in a battle
of music.
projecting a light on a backdrop of sheets provided a means of seeing the ‘inside’ of prominent campus figures. At 10:80 o’clock, Hugh Forster, president of Sigma Delta Chi, called various prominent personages to the stage where they were viewed with a flouroscopic effect by the dancers. Miller Displays Saw Doc Miller, the first to be called, was pictured with a saw in his stomach. Martha Wood, Purdue beauty queen, was pictured as having a piece of wood for a brain. Chuck Cole five year man in the civil school was pictured with a bunch of corroded pipes. Dean of Men M. L. Fisher, was pictured with a back-
Exposer Copies On Sale In Union About 125 of the 8-page Exposers will be placed on sale at the west Union desk at 7 o’clock this morning. The tabloid includes latest campus scandal humor and presents 10 snapshots of University student who were caught by roving cameramen in scenes that rate Exposer news. The price is 10 cents.
bone, but no heart. The ‘army brat’ Lorna McLeod, when projected upon the backdrop, displayed a terrible posture. The last picture was a view of the lower extremity of someone’s torso, called “The End.” Betty Ann Stewart, WSGA prexy,
(Continpjed on page 4)
Alpha Gamma Rho Defeats Phi Kappa Sigma In Mohiman Debate Final Test
Debating before an audience of about 500 in Fowler Hall last night. Alpha Gamma Rho, negative, defeated Phi Kappa Sigma, affirmative, in a closely paired contest. According to Robert Horn of the University speech department, the debate was of a much higher caliber than those of past years. Although the debate was very closely contested, the judges. Dr. Alan H. Monroe, Robert Horn, and Douglas Ehninger, all of the speech department, agreed that the negative’s plan was more practicable than that of the affirmative. Both teams, they said, were very evenly paired in the development of their cases. Dr. Monroe read the decision and gave a short critique of the debate. Horn presented the Mohiman Trophy to the Alpha Gamma Rho team, which will retain possession of it for one year. Both teams presented cases on the question: “Resolved that the United States should adopt a policy of complete neutrality toward international conflicts.” The question was well received by the unusually large crowd which attended. At the conclusion of the debate, many persons interested in the cases discussed the issue with the debaters and the judges. T'he Alpha Gamma Rho team consisted of Warner Kessler, Don Paarlberg, and William Marple,
28 Fraternities Run 204 Debates Purdue University is unique among schools in the Big Ten, because of the large number of fraternities that are active in campus affairs. The Mohiman trophy contest attracted 28 of these organizations, who entered 52 teams in the first round of the debates. A total of 204 debates among fraternities was run, before Alpha Gamma Rho was determined the winner at last night’s contest with Phi Kappa Sigma. Judgjbs for the debates included members of the speech department, economics department, history department, varsity debaters of both men’s and women’s team, lawyers of Lafayette, and ministers from both Lafayette and West Lafayette.
manager, while Ralph Weisehan, Mack White, and Lloyd Farquhar, manager, upheld the Phi Kappa Sigma team. J. Wayne Fredericks, varsity debater, acted Sts chairman. Keys and invitational tickets to the annual speech banquet which is held in the spring, will be awarded both teams and their managers. The Alpha Gamma Rho team will receive gold keys, while Phi Kappa Sigma’s team will receive silver keys.
Rural Indiana Older Youths, Young Adults Convene For State Meeting
Coming on the heels of the regular sessions of the annual agricultural conference which has already drawn a record-breaking attendance of more than 7,600 persons from every county in the state, the second annual state meeting for the older youth and young adults qf rural Indiana opened here yesterday morning, continuing through tonight. Practically all of the 75 counties that have already established older youth organizations are represented by from one to ten delegates. M. K. Derrick, of the Indiana Farm Bureau, Indianapolis, while discussing various phases of cooperative effort in furthering the youth program, in one of the feature addresses of the morning in Eliza Fowler Hall, declared that the **re(Continued on page 4)
^Vocation Not A Job^—Slutz “A vocation is not a job; a job is some^ kind of work done primarily to make money, to exist, to provide food, clothing and shelter; a vocation is expression through work that fits the doer’s capacities, and which meets an importfint need of society, of the very spirit and life of the doer,” said Dr. Frank Slutz, who spoke to some 250 rural youths at their annual banquet yesterday. Slutz stressed the fact to youths that they should answer such questions as, “what kind of work do I like best?” “What work suits my ability to the greatest degree?” “What are my better abilities?”
GilkeyToSpeakAt Convo Tomorrow Dean Charles W. Gilkey, of the University of Chicago chapel, will speak on “Taking Bearings” at the religious convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall tomorrow morning at 10:30 o’clock. ^ Dean Gilkey is a meiAber of the Board of Trustees of Chicago University, of the Board of Governors of International House, Chicago and of the Board of Trustees of George Williams College. He was formerly pastor at Hyde Park Baptist Chuj:ch
Chicago.
Recently, as Barrows Lecturer to student centers of India, he talked to 40,000 persons in a series of six lectures at Bombay, Lucknow, Calcutta, Lahore, Rangoon, and Madras. He is now serving as chairman of the University of Chicago emergency relief committee, which has raised $75,000 in the past five years to aid unemployment. Music for tomorrow’s convocation service will be furnished by the 150-voiced University choir, which will sing “Hear tTs, Lord” by Rossini and “Nunc Dimittis et Gloria”
by Tschesnokoff.
Lingo To Give Talks In Safety Crusade As a part of Indiana’s crusade for driver education, Joseph L. Lingo, University safety specialist, will give four talks next week on various phases of public safety. He will speak to the Indianapolis Civic Safety League Monday on “Education, Enforcement and Engineering as a Community Safety Program.” “Forty Million Drivers” will be the subject for his address Tuesday before the Parent-Teachers Association at Knox, while at the combined meeting of the Farm Bureau and the Parent Teachers Association at Hamlet, on Thursday, rural safety and the driver license law will also be discussed. Lingo will again speak in Indianapolis on Friday; his topic, “The Women in the War on Accidents,” will be of special interest to his audience, members of the State Federation of Women’s Clubs. Five O’clock Is ¥%• _ W • ynt • « I'iCKing %joniesi Entry Deadline ' Five o’clock, this afternoon is the deadline for this week’s entries in the new contest of picking basketball scores. All self-satisfied sports experts and others interested in the
contest may enter.
Prizes of $3.00, $2.00, and $1.00 will be awarded for the three most correctly picked sets of scores. Not all scores picked by a contestant need be right in order for him to claim one of the prizes. Contest rules are as follows: 1. Estimate the scores of the 10 basketball games mentioned in the advertisements in Thursday’s Exponent. , 2. Write not ^ore than 25 words on “Why I Think I Should Patronize
Local Merchants.”
3. EntrieC^mu^be in the Exponent office by 5 p. m. each Saturday. 4. Scores must be on a clipping of the contest page or a reasonably
exact facsimile thereof.
6. Entries will be received only if mailed by campus mail, left at the Union desk, or brought to the Exponent office. Address all entries to Local Advertising Manager^ Purdue
Exponent.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Fairer on Saturday and Sunday; warmer Sunday. , Local Temperature: Low 30; high 35; mean 32.5.
^Toy Trumpet’ To Toot Today For PIA Tea Dance ‘‘Suzy Q” Shinn, featuring “The Toy Trumpet,” an accordion soloist, “Ten Pretty Girls,” and his 20 piece orchestra will furnish entertainment and music for the PIA tea dance this afternoon in the Union ballroom. ‘ Tag dancing will be a feature of the dance, making it a mixer in every respect. Dancirig will be from
3 until 5 o’clock.
Only a limited number of stags will be admitted to the affair. Girls who wish to come unescorted should call Ruth Kenfroe, 2961, and eds who want to stag are asked to call the PIA office, by PIA officials. Only those who are first to apply will be admitted, and tickets must be shown by stags at the door.
Mixer
Tonight
MUSIC
Pat Clinton
PLACE
Union Ballroom
TIME
9 to 12
PRICE N
$1.00 per couple
Shave Head Of Fearless Bettor By R. L. Keck “I’ll bet you five dollars you’d be afraid to have your head shaved.” Thus spoke Kappa Delta Rho boys last nightrto H. I. Slone, in an effort to purport something exciting. \ “Shucks, no,” replied Slone, “I’m not afraid. I’ll take that bet, put up your money.” Accordingly members and pledges chipped in 50 cents each, and proceeded to shave Slone’s wiry red hair. First they cut it with a scissors, then attempted to shave his head with a safety razor, but they had to,revert to a straight edge because of the toughness of his hair. Now the bare-headed youth asks, “who will give me a date for Junior Prom ?” Former Exponent Editor Marries
Hugh Morris “Mr. E. Hugh Morris, Jr., and Miss Francis Fallis Gore, of Louisville, Ky., were quietly married January 4, at Seymour, Indiana.” This announcement came to the Exponent office yesterday afternoon concerning the marriage of Hugh Morris, 1936-37 managing editor of the paper and a former University student in electrical engineering. A letter from Morris himself states, “We are living in an apartment at 1300 East Breckinridge (in Louisville) until June, when we plan to get a home somewhere.” Morris is now working for the Louisville Courier-Journal.
PURDUE Young ....
PROBABLE LINEUP
Position WISCONSIN F Powell
Rooney -Jones Davis Frey
Sines F Anderson C Beretta G Yeager G OFFICIALS—Referee, John Getchell, St. Thomas; umpire, John Schommer, Chicago. (Game Time—8:15 p. m.) Eighty-five hundred fans will fill the new $725,000 Fieldhouse tonight to see Ward Lambert’s colorful basketball squad meet Wisconsin’s strong quintet as a climax for the Fieldhouse dedication exercises. The game will begin at 8:15 immediately after the dedication exercises proper and a short warmup period for the teams.
Beretta, Yeager Start
In order to combat a dangerous Badger team combining both experience and height, Lambert last night indicated that he would start Beretta and Yeager, sophomore guards, in an effort to increase Boil-
WBAA Bylletin WBAA will broadcast a special program, to include “Campus Varieties,” this afternoon from 2:15 to 4 o’clock from the Fieldhouse, in connection with the dedication ceremonies. The program will begin with a word picture of the Fieldhouse by Glenn Merriam. A description of wrestling and fencing matches will follow, with Gil Hutton and Bob Heine, WBAA sports announcers, alternating at the microphone. The regular “Campus Varieties” program will be staged from 3 to 4 o’clock. Lou Schilling’s orchestra will be featured, and Henry Miller will act as master of ceremonies. 'Deathless World' Skit Goes On Air Today Over WBAA Radio Stage will present a skit entitled “The Deathless World” this afternoon at 1 o’clock over WBAA. The story is that of future world in the year 2,300—a world where death takes an infinite holiday. Fieldhouse Program Campus Varieties, usually an hour in duration, will begin at 2:15 p. m. and last until 4. This increased program time is due to the fact that the program will be broadcast from the Fieldhouse. Included on this week’s program will be Lou Schilling and his orchestra; Dorothy Martin, vocalist; Russ Mock, pianist; Glenn Wright, accordionist; and Ash and Langworthy, comedy act. Hank Miller assisted by Dick Tomczak, will handle the duties of master of ceremon-
ies.
“Phantom” May Appear It is rumored that the"* “phantom” will appear on the program, but no one knows. Gil Hutton, publicity manager for WBAA, stated last night that a studio audience would be welcome, and as the Fieldhouse would be the studio a large one could be accommodatel.
Students who have not reserved seats for tonight’s game' cannot get in, according to the rules printed in student passports, Prof. C. S. “Pop” Doan, ticket manager, said last night. Students must present their passports along with their reserved seat tickets in order to gain admission. ermaker control of the ball on the rebound. Jewell Young, confined to the hospital with a cold the first of this week, was dismissed Thursday but may not get in the game. In this case, Lambert stated, Anderson may be moved to forward position with Fisher taking the position at center. Formal Dedication Starting the dedication program at 6:45, the Purdue Symphonic Band of 85 members under the direction of Prof. “Spots” Emrick will present a 30-minute program, including a Big Ten medley “Stars and Stripes Forever,” and other pieces. Following this program, at 7:15, Larry A. Downs will act as master of ceremonies for the exercises proper. Alumni from all parts of the country and representatives of the state and Public Works Administrations will be present for this cereinony. Speeches will be given by Major John L. Griffiths, Big Ten representative; David E, Ross of the University Board of Trustees; Pres. E. C. Elliott, representing the University; Bob Woodworth, acting for Director of Athletics Noble E. Kizer; and others. Included among the guests to be introduced during the ceremony will be the captains of past basketball teams. Afternoon Activities Preceding the evening’s activities, the new athletic plant will be opened to visitors. Inspection tours of the Fieldhouse and g3minasium, a wrestling meet with Illinois $tate Normal, fencing with Notre Dame, and exhibitions in boxing, swimming, table tennis, and badminton will feature the afternoon program. (See Sports Page for further details.)
Boilermaker Sportsmen Believe— That all athletic o|)ponents are guests and should be treated with the courtesy due from Purdue as a host. That all decisions of officials should be accepted without question. That players or officials should never be hissed or booed. That abusive or irritating language from the sidelines is t^e mark of a poor sportsman. That applause is due opponents who make good plays or show good sportsmanship. That no attempt should be made to ratUe an opposing playw, such as the man attempting a free throw in Kaair/>^)M|n ^ pitchrn: in baseball. That the pme should be won by fair and lawful means, the spec* tators and the team abiding at aU times by the real spirit of the rules. That the game should be loved for its own sake and not for what the victory may bring. That games should be won without boasting and lost without excuses. That, win or lose, Furdue’s teams deserve wholehearted support.■
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, January 15# 1938'
Mv. R. P. Manion Editor, the Purdue Exponent Lafayette, Indiana. Dear Mr. Manion: I guess if Illinois doesn’t quit griping about poor sportsmanship we’re really going to have a bad reputation. I mean even worse than it is right now in the state of Indiana. My chief problem here is to compose a letter that doesn’t leave you thinking that we mini are some of the things you hint we are. As for Monday night’s game, I guess that your viewpoint depends entirely on whether you’re from Purdue or Illinois. I have found that the Indiana sports writers are pretty unanimous in their idea that if ever thei'e was a bunch of bums, it was the Illinois crowd. And Illinois sports writers were pretty unanimous in saying that if ever a crowd was justified in acting up, it was Monday night. I was all worked up then, but after cooling down for a few days, and reading both sides of the question, about the only conclusion I can reach is that it was just one of those things. It was a hard game and tough on everybody—players, officials, the two coaches, and the crowd. There was a iot of trouble, and for an explanation or a place to lay the blame, the best that I can do is ask you to think back to last year’s Purdue-Illinois game at Lafayette, for the very same thing happened there. As fa.r as I can figure out, everybody’s even now. The important thing to do is to- bring Purdue-Illinois relationships to the plane where they should be. I’m getting kind of shy of that word “sportsmanslup,” but I guess that’s what should be built up. The two universities could set a swell example for other, schools by leaning over backwards from now on in an effort to really set up “friendly relationships.” I know that when our bowlers and squash players and tennis men and other team members go over to Purdue, they all come back telling of the swell way they’re cared for and what a good time they had. I hope your boys have as good reports to give. It does seem kind of dumb for the two schools to be trying to open up a miniature gang war. And I don’t think it is going to happen. I’m sure your Boilermaker fans won’t stage a repetition of Monday night’s game when the Illini come over to Lafayette next month, and I guarantee Illinois will give Purdue the reception due a damn good basketball team when you come over again next year. Of course I’m chuck full of answers to the things you said in that open letter, and also to a few of the cracks made by the sports writer (?) of the Journal and Courier, but because we are all arguing, on strong personal opinion and not facts, it’s best that vre let it drop. By now you have discovered that this letter is definitely compromising. But I figure that we’ve had ’ our fun, and there is no good in arguing back and forth like a bunch of high school kids. We want to bring sportsmanship back to our schools that is fitting to the position of two good universities with two good basketball teams. Thanks for taking the trouble of writing that letter, and I hope it will help in clearing matters a little. And here’s for a new friendship between Purdue and Illinois. Sincerely Yours, ^ John Mabley, Managing; Editor. Mr. Mabley: I guess you Illini are a pretty good bunch of fellows after alL And I drink heartily to your toast for a new friendship between Purdue and Illinofs. We Boilermakers also have our good points . . . and we’re going to try to show all of them When you and your fast-stepping basketball team come over here for a game February 7.-—R. P. Manion, Editor.
Today, Students Play Host... .... to a group of men and women who have contributed a fund that is now providing recreation and housing entertainment for the entire University. Today, we students will welcome and entertain alumni who hav^ donated toward the building of the Fieldhouse. When the construction of a Purdue Fieldhouse was proposed, Alumni agreed to raise $150,000 among themselves as their part of the necessary ways and means. The Public Works Administration put up $293,400, and the remainder of some $725,000 was secured through a bond issue. These bonds will be retired by the athletic department from receipts taken in at athletic events. This $150,000 from the alumni was not ab-
the Purdue Exponent
^SQcmted ^oUcgtat^ HAOtfOW WISCONSIN Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 19l7, authorized Jan'. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Sumiher Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $3.60. REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL, ADVERTISING BY National AdvertssieiigSeBYsce, inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago - Boston - Los Angeles - San Francisco MAIN OFFICE 3I2 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Bnsiness Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office /
Editor-In-Chief
Easiness ManasreV
R. P. Manion
D. G. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor....... J. E. Brock Associate Editors .....D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor's Secretary Margaret Sawyer ' BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager .J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager ..W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager .....M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor - — Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor ...R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, / and do not necessarily coincide with the oflcial University 'viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edir tor-in-chief. Night Editor—Schroeder Issue Editor—Terrio Saturday, January 15, 1938
solutely necessary in order for us to get a Fieldhouse. We could have mortgaged the University, cut salaries of the faculty, and trimmed other expenses, as some unfortunate institutions have done, and still gotten the building. But the president, the board of trustees, and the alumni of the University were unwilling to place this extra burden upon the University, and consequently upon its students. So the alumni pledged themselves to contribute $150,000. ( For more than a year these alumni have been talking about the Fieldhouse and contributing to their fund. Now they have collectively raised more than the agreed amount . . . as far as they are concerned the Fieldhouse is free of debt. Seldom it is that an alumnus gets an opportunity to return to his alma mater. If he can come back once a year, or sometimes once in five years, he is doing well. Today, almost 1,100 are taking advantage of an invitation to attend the Fieldhouse dedicatory ceremonies, to revisit the scenes of their undergraduate days. The Fieldhouse was built and operated for the students of the University ... just as the University is maintained for the students. To them will be given the use of the Fieldhouse and to them 'will go the best seats at athletic contests ... except for today. Since these 1,100 alumni had contributed so much to student life, it was thought only fitting to give them a place of honor at tonight’s basketball game. So today, soipie students will give up their usual seats to their alumni guests. To the juniors, and a part of the freshmen, goes the honor of being the real hosts at the Purdue-Wisconsin game. The juniors are giving up the middle of the south section of seats to the alumni visitors, and the freshmen who will be seated regularly on either side of the juniors, will place, some of their seats at the convenience of the alumni. Seniors and sophomores will occupy the north span of seats as usual. On this one day we students will do our best to entertain and please those persons who have helped to give us facilities which will provide so many days of recreation and of amusement.
Flood Stuart Field For Ice Skating Dear Editor: We, the following, know of several others, and feel’ that there are more who would appreciate having the University officials again flood Stuart Field as was done two years ago, to provide a place to ice skate here in West Lafayette. Perhaps, if all of us who are inr terested in the flooding would but register our desire, say by dropping a post card to the Exponent editor, or by signing a petition to be posted at sqrae convenient sta-
tion, our concerted expression of such might prove enough to cause our officials to act accordingly. Respectfully yours, J. H. Kline, C. N. House, Donald Waid, J. M. Launder, C. R. Cline, C. H. Neff, L. E. Gregg, C. A. Reichelderfer, L. E. Darby, ■ Warren McLane, Lester E. Havener. (Members of the “Bastille,” 321 Vine street).
'The Correct Time Is—' --Given Via Telephone By the Roving Reporter Vis your clock correct? Do you Rave' trouble finding out the exact time? Well, your worries are over. (If you have access to a telephone) Merely approach the nearest telephone, take the receiver gently in the left hand, and with your right forefinger twirl the perforated ring directly under the mouthpiece to the tune of 8-4-0-1. Practically instantaneously a smooth, pleasing voice will flow into your auditory flap, expostulating, among other things (inconsequential) the correct chronological data.
Our B and B editor was Brawled over at the SDX hop last night. He says he will be able to take over tomorrow, but his public will have to suffer today (or is it every day they suffer?) Whoa! Here comes a special delivery. Aha! A stooge comes to the rescue with a column, such as it is. Here you are, folks. B and B rides again today. Deah Edituh; Jussa foo contribs—use ’em all at once or one at a time, I dunkare, an’ incidentally there are some Very fine shows coming to the Mars! CONVERSATION OVERHEARD AT LAST PURDUE BASKET BALL GAME Two mosquitoes had lit on the features Of two peroxided Purdue creatures. When asked by what right. They replied, “We’re not tight; We’re seeing the game from the bleachers.” Freshman (at door): Lady, can I sell you some very fine insect powder today ? Landlady: Certainly not! I have no use for such a thing. Freshman: 0. K. lady, I’ll take t 'le room you have for rent. ADWICE TO YE STOOGENTS God gave us two ends, one to sit on and the other 'to think with. A man’s success depends upon which end he uses most. It’s a plain case of “heads you win, tails you lose!” WRHer: I was kissed 20 times in 20 minutes last night! Second Ditto: By the same man? 1st Ditto: No, he was a changed man after the first kiss! Herby Weigandt over yonder to the Triangle house tooken his annual BATH t’other day, and so tired was he from studying (?) that he fell asleep in the tub with the water running. No, it didn’t overflow. Herb always sleeps with his mouth open! During one of the military department “sham battles” the following conversation was heard: First Rookie: Hey, you! Do you know that you’re standing where at least four feet of you is exposed to the imaginary enemy? Second I’rivate: That’s all right, sir, I’m standing behind an imaginary rock 15 feet high! M*C*C*R*E*A.
Victor Release
• 25739 BEI MIR BIST DU SCHAN IT’S EASIER SAID THAN DONE Guy Lombardo and His Royal Canadian^ • 25741 THE ONE I LOVE I CAN DREAM, CAN’T I? Tommy Dorsey and Orchestra • 25738 THERE’S A GOLD MINE IN THE SKY Sail ALONG silvery MOON Richard Himber and Orchestra • 25740 I DOUBLE DAR^ YOU TWO DREAMS GET TOGETHER Larry Clinton’s Orchestra • 25742 THRILL OF A LIFETIME I LIVE THE LIFE I LOVE Richard Himber and Orchestra
McLean Music Co.
MAIN ST.
LAFAYETTE
GRIN AND BEAR IT
‘Remember what a happy childhood we had, Sandy ?— We al-ways traveled half fare!”
Blue-eyed brunettes beat out the blondes at Washington University. In a poll of 128 male students, the former won 58 per cent of the votes. Blondes got 36 per cent, and redheads trailed with 6 per cent.
-LAST I>AY—
jUHSUR fun FBOLIC Bert Lahi • J'*"" Billy House • Alice Biady Hisclia Auer*Joy Hodges Louise Faiendd • JoBn Slug • Barbatd Bead Date Apollon
—PLUS— FOSTER 'CASE
A U N I V e t s. I c 1 u i t
STARTING TOMORROW
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
ARC
SUNDAY — MONDAY
-and-
ERFEIT LBiV Ralph iiiiiinv I) Joan VERRV
—Also*— ‘Mickey Mouse” Cartoon LAST TIMES TODAY BOB ALLEN in ‘Rio Grande Ranger” ROBERT YOUNG in “Longest Night” “Dick Tracy” Serial
YOU’D mm BELIEVE IT mim YOUR OWN EYES TOLD YOU IT WAS SOI
Kipling and Flaherty . . . Their Genius in a Picture Flaming With Adventure
LAST TIMES TODAY STAGE DOOR with Ginger Rogers Katherine Hepburn
yAQO
»l LOVE HIM, DAD... more than my own family I" First love .. . first thrills ... first triumphs . . . first heart-breaks —in a grand and glowing drama!\
4
f
" €
I*
I
I
/
Saturday, January 15, 1938
rte PURDUE EXPONENT
Full Sports Program Dedicates New Fieldhouse
Fencing
Fencers Seek Win
Over Irish Today
Purdue fencers, fresh from their victory over Illinois, will go into action this afternoon against the highly touted fencing team from Notre Dame. They will meet at 2 o’clock in the regular fencing squad practice room in the Fieldhouse.
Notre Dame should provide plenty of competition for the Boilermakers although this is their first match of the season. Last year the Irish fencers defeated Purdue twice and won decisions over a number of o|;her Big Ten schools.
At Notre Dame’s request there will be nine men on the team instead of the usual seven men. McWilliams, Huffman, and Reynolds will fight in the foil division; Levin, Meier, and Mathews, in the epee group; and Seaborg, Stepath, and Sweig with the saber. DeLuise and Schmidt will substitute in the foil and saber divisions.
“We’ve gone crazy over extracurricular activities, and it’s a wonder the boys and girls have any energy left for what is the prime business of the schools,” says Dr. N. Henry Black of Harvard.
Badminton
Exhibition Headiines
Badminton Match Today
Dr. Stafford, of the University of Illinois, will play an exhibition set of badminton here this afternoon preceding the student contests. Dr.
Stai^ord, recognized aS a leading badminton expert, spent considerable time here last suipmer teaching students and faculty the finer points of the comparatively new sport and arousing considerable interest.
His stay here, according to Coach Billings,,prompted the organization of badminton as a regular sport this year. Dr. Stafford was a member of the University Summer School staff. “Dutch” Fehring will team up with him in their match against Elmer Burnham and Homer Allen in the exhibitions. In the student matches Coach Billings, Goldstein, Romanowich, Mann and a fifth contestant yet to be chosen from Wilmeth, Douglas^, Richardson, Hargesheimer, and Johnson will play.
Doubles partners will be chosen frbm Billings and Romanowich, Goldstein and Mann, Williams and Snyder, Douglas and Wilmeth, and Richardson and Hargesheimer for the matches.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores —
SOUTHWORTirS
Everything for the Purdue Student
"DEAC”
Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. D[AROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION TITi’TVrTTQT
119'/z Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Florist
Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
Locksmith —
‘C” CARTER
for
Keys — Leeks — General Repairing
Knife and Scissor Grinding
New L.C.N. and Norton Door Checks
Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Printing —
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _ ORIee Siailonery .
Wedding Invitations — Sales Books, Etc.,
PHONE
2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
Taxi Service
CLARK’S
FLORAL COMPANY
Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Pnrdue Students. 527 Main Phone 54S2
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
— Dine —
dihe dance AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
Confectionery
Try Some oi Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glotz's Confectionery
Main and Sixth Sts.
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
The Thinking Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB
Black Cars for Special Occasions 26b per passenger any part of city 5023—Phones—3071
YELLOW CAB CO.
— Jewelry —
R.J.BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER
This is all we do, but we do it well.
Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
— Tailors
H. BEHRENS Merchant Tailor Makes fine clothes out of Domestic and Imported Woolens 126 N. 6th St. Over Kienly’s Drug Store
Swimming
Varsity-Freshmen Meet In Exhibition
A regulation swimming meet between the freshmen and varsity squads, interspersed with three exhibition events, will take the spotlight this afternoon at 3 o’clcok in the new Olympic size pool. Three varsity teams will race against three combinations made up of the yearlings in what promises to be a close, fast-moving contest. Coach Larry LaBree said that he expects the varsity to take the distance events but that the freshmen have shown a wealth of ability in the other distances, so the outcome of the meet is far from being predetermined. - '
Exhibitions
Besides the nine events making up the swimming meet proper, variety will be provided by an underwater swim, which will show off the
pool’s underwater lights to full ad-
vantage, high\ diving, and then the shoiV will be drawn to a close with a water polo match between the first and second string men on the varsity. All the colorful success of the water carnival earlier in the year will be attendant in the high diving exhibition as Barbara Cook, George Wildhack, and George Craig go through their performances. This trio provided the high light of that inaugural showing of the swimming squad, and they can be trusted to present the spectators with an interesting display of skill. Coach LaBree said further that he was going to start the show precisely on time and run off the various events as rapidly as possible, finishing by 4:30 if all turns out
right.
Boxing”
University Champs To Be Decided In Bouts Today
Eight boxing bouts will be held this afternoon on the intramural gym floor of the Fieldhouse, starting at 2 o’clockf In the event that the bouts last more than an hour, they will be halted at 3 o’clock in favor of the wrestling meet with Illinois Normal, recommencing at the termination of the mat matches.
These bouts ivill decide the iTniversity champions in each weight class. All of the contestants, however, will be the Boilermaker Golden Gloves hopes for the matches in Lafayette early in February. Markey and Armenoff will begin the afternoon’s show in the 112-pound class. Wilkinson and Franklin will exchange blows in the 118-pound class, and Hardesty, one of the three Purdue representatives to reach Chicago in the Golden Gloves tournament last year, will meet Murphy in the 126-pound group.
Jeff Defeated, 35-34; .
Delphi Takes West Side
Muncie defeated Jefferson high school 35-34 in an overtime game at Muncie last night. With the score 32-alI at the end of the last quarter, Gershuny of Jeff made the score 34-32. Following this he fouled Carnes of Muncie, who sunk a free throw, bringing the score to 34-33. With 30 seconds to play, Carnes shot the winning basket from the side of the floor. Delphi’s Oracles defeated West Side in Jeff gymnasium, 31-271
Battling in the 135-pound class will be Dix and Mulholland, with Lord and Keffaber fighting in the 147-pound class. In the 160-pound division Bacharach, last year’s Lafayette champion in the Golden Gloves, will meet Smithson, a newcomer to the Boilermaker ring. Dilts and Lyles clash in the 175pound class. Lyles was the third member of the present group of aspirants who went to Chicago in the Golden Gloves in 1937. The final match of the afternoon will be the heavyweight bout between Ramputi and Badet.
Table Tennis
Boilermaker Squad To Meet mini Team Today
As another feature of today’s dedication program a five-man squad of Boilermaker table tennis players will meet a team from the University of Illinois. The squad, made up of Captain Nassau, Farr, Gardner, Bowers, and Nevin, and coached by M. L. Clevett will play the Illini in room 106 of the Fieldhouse at 2:30 o’clock. This will be the first tournament that the squad has held with another school
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side oi Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
?????
# • #
How*s your FORESIGHT?
You, Mr. University Man, have many social activities to look forward to. You want to be smartly groomed at every affair ... you want a varied suit wardrobe to help you present a different, interesting appearance at every dance and party.
Choose your attire at HERSE Y’S where select garment groups are chosen with the needs and tastes of University men specifically in mind.
Squash
Racqueteers Face
fielder’s choice
By B. D. Witwer
Three Foes Today
University squashmen will have a busy time this afternoon with three matches scheduled. Coach Clevett’s varsity racqueteers face the Dayton YMCA in a return match at 2 p. m. and the University of Illinois team at 3 p. m. in the town courts at Eighth and Main streets in Lafayette. The third match will be between the faculty squads of Purdue and Illinois at 3:30 p. m. at the courts in the faculty gym, on the top floor of the Recitation Building.
In the opening match of the season “Chief’s” varsity team defeated Dayton YMCA 5 to 0, but have been on the losing end of most of the scores lately. The regular team of Lucek, Juve, Sokolovfski, Wakefield, Jackson, and Linn will face the Dayton team, but Clevett plans to send most of the second string men into the' Illinois contest. Eberhard, Blitz, Jackson, Alexander, and Munro will probably play in that order.
Wrestling
Wrestlers Meet Illinois Normal
Illinois State Normal grapplers will find a well-trained and finely balanced Boilermaker wrestling squad facing them when the interschool matches start this afternoon at 3 o’clock on the intramural basketball courts in the new Fieldhouse. Last minute varsity team qualification matches held yesterday resulted in Linderman outpointing Middleton in the 145 pound class and Wiley pinning Gossard to win the 165 pound position on the team.
For the first time in the memory of your scribe, all of the University mid-winter athletic squads will see action on the same day and at home . . . that’s what today’s dedication program does for Purdue sport fans . . . here’s a chance to get your fill of all types of action. —fc— In an interview with “Chief” Clevett the other day, it was discovered that Purdue’s court equipment for squash looks sick alongside that of other schools . . . Michigan has 13 courts . . . Illinois 8 . . . Minnesota 6 ... and Iowa 4 ... at the eastern universities they go in for the game in a big way . . . Harvard boasts 85 courts and Yale 45. —^fc— Although there are facilities for six squash courts in the new Fieldhouse, they lack funds to complete them ... as it is, the intramnral department has to rent two courts in Lafayette. —io.— The wrestling material for next year looks like it will be hard to beat . . . Toth and Post, who are freshmen now, are pinning the upperclassmen to the mat quite regularly . . . Coach Reeck said that they’re just too good for the rest. —fc— The swimming team will baptize a dozen new suits this afternoon in their exhibition. . . the squad is so large this year that they did not have enough from last year to go around.
Northwestern To
Clash With Purdue
Net Team Monday
The rest of the squad went through a short workout and Coach Reeck announced the following first string team to represent Purdue: Dawson, 118 pounds; Seibert, 126 pounds; Timms, 136 pounds; Lindermaq, 146 pounds; Hoffman, 166 poimds; Wiley, 166 pounds; Pratt, 175 pounds; and Tony Juska, heavyweight.
Spectators will be treated to an interesting preview of next year’s varsity in a few freshman exhibition matches. Reeck has a wealth of potential material in his first year men that he expects to use extensively next year.
I-M Managers Eleded
One junior and two sophomore intramural managers for next year were elected at a managers’ meeting in the intramural office last night.
The junior managership went to C. Metz, Phi Kappa Sigma, while T. Yankowski, Kappa Delta Rho, and T. Noland, Lambda Chi Alpha, won the sophomore posts.
Facing the second tough foe in three days, the Boilermaker netmen play Northwestern Monday at 7:30^ p. m. in the Fieldhouse. The Wildcats are leading the Big Ten Conference at the present, with three victories in as many starts over Illinois, Ohio State and Iowa. Northwestern’s slight height advantage may prove a help, but their speed will prove harder to stop.
According to Coach Lambert “The Purdue team has not been playing its best basketball since the western trip. We have been trying to give the boys plenty of rest, but they have not been coming around as they should.” If the Wildcats eon-^ tinue their consistent play, the Purdue team will have to be on its toes with the same type of fire-brand ball played before the holiday trip.
Chi O's Down Collegianas
In a hard-fought volleyball game played yesterday afternoon in the Women’s Gymnasium, Chi Omega defeated Collegianna, 37 to 35. The championship game, which will be played Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock between the Chi Omega’s and Ward 2, will determine the champions of the season’s volleyball tournament.
O.
nee
-4.
We
C^on^ratuiate
JPurdue and her team
518-520 Main St.
DECKER’S
Phone 6477CiiH
t (
"1
M
'm
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday/ January 15/ 1938
Rural Indiana-■ (Continued from page 1)
lationship of the farm bureau and the acricultural extension department of the rural youth movement in Indiana has been a sincere partnership of two institutions, conscious of a definite need and eager to extend the service which would be most effective in accomplishing the desired results.” Group singing, conducted by Albert P. Stewart, and round table discussions on I’eci’eation and di’ama conducted by F. L. McReynoIds, recreational work supervisor and Jack Stuart Knapp, of the National Recreation Association, were features of the afternoon session. Last night’s • meeting was addressed by Dr. Frank Slutz, of Dayton, 0., on “Choosing a Vocation,” with Miss Leila Gaddis, home economics extension leader, acting as toastmaster. Following the banquet in the Home Economics Building, the group adjourned to the Women's Gymnasium for informal social activities, featuring musical games and dramatics, under the direction of Knapp and McReynoIds. Following separate sectional sessions this morning for the young men and young women at which economic projects were discussed,, the drama and recreation woi'k under Knapp and McReynoIds was continued. The conference will be brought to a close with an address by Dr. Thurman B. Rice, chief of the Bureau of Health and Physical Education ''bf Indiana, on “Social Hygiene,” at the general session in the Union ballroom at 10:15 this morning.
Boifermakers'--(Continued from page 1)
Tommy Johnston, publicity director for the University, Tom Sheets, and Louise Bain were also pictured. Prizes Awarded Categorical prizes were awarded in several divisions of competition. Joe Zettel won first prize for the best costume. Bill Reed got a bottle of hydrogen peroxide for blackest beard. For the best all ’round beard Harold Zweig carried away a ticket refund. A box of mascara was given to David Neil Light for the reddest beard. For possessing the curliest beard, John Louis was given a pair of curlers. Gil Tredwell, swimming captain, walked home with a veil for having the smoothest face. The “most married” couple on the floor was Ward Stallings and Dorothy Martenet, who received a pair of water proof baby pants and a rattle. Elizabeth Pyke had the largest feet, for which she was awarded a pair of size 13 work sox. Petie Light and Louise Schickler were given a ticket refund and copy of ‘Paris Night’ for the most modest dress. Reid Gets Fish Food Bob Reid, elected the biggest fish, was giyen a package of fish food. Bud Rhoades was to have been awarded the prize of a dog chain and collar for being most in the doghouse, but since he was not there, the prize was given to Mary Ed Johnston to take to him. Alice Parlon received the prize for’ the biggest suck. Immediately after the prize winners were announced, the Exposer SDX dirt sheet, was handed out.
Potter SpeaksTo Engineering Council Dr. A. A. Potter, dean of engineering of the University,, spoke yesterday morning in Washington, D. C., at the opening meeting of the conference of secretaries of various engineering societies which compose the American Engineering Council. Dean Potter, president of the council, declared: “The American Engineering Council as now constituted, includes in its membership 71,875 individuals engaged in the engineering profession, or almost half of the engineers of the country. Considering the importance of engineering in this great industrialized land, I doubt greatly whether we could dispense with any Considerable number Of our 80 technical societies and serve the engineer as we do now.” Epsilon Sigma Phi Wiii Publish Book By Latta “The History of Indiana Agriculture,” which was completed by the late Prof. W. C. Latta shortly before his death more than two years ago, will be published by the Purdue chapter of Epsilon Sigma Phi, honorary agricultural extension fraternity. This was the decision made by the chapter at its meeting held yesterday when a report, prepared by the late Prof. W. Q. Fitch was presented showing that enough volumes had been ordered to date to guarantee the costs of publication. Only 1,000 copies will be ordered, and those who wish to purchase them are requested to place their orders at once with L. E. Hoffman, assistant county agent leader on the University staff. Who was named chairman of a committee to proceed with publication. Playshop Hunts Missing Melody By Ruth Rose Where is the missing tune ? Who remembers hearing the missing tune ? The whole mystery revolves around the tune for a song, first sung in a Weber and Fields’ production of the gay^ ninties. The questions have been asked for the past week by distracted members of the cast of the coming Playshop production, “I’ll Marry the Actrhss‘.” No One Knows Melody Playshop’s problem lies in the fact that Fred Ahrens is required to sing the song in one of his lines in the play, and no one knows the melody. Ahrens has sung the song •to a different melody at each practice. Director Dietrich appointed Valerie Armstrong and Bette Smith to search- for the missing tune—-but to no avail—the tune is nowhere to be found. The entire city of Lafayette has been searched by these two girls in an endeavor to solve the mystery. The song originated in 1890, and has very unusual words. Anyone who has heard the song would certainly remeihber it. If the words are familiar perhaps you might recall the tune. If so, let Playshop know. Lou, Lou, you are my Lou, Lou, Lou, this coon will be true, Lou, Lou, how I love my Lou, Lou, you are my love for true, With Daily Petoi
Flying Club Elects Three New Officers At the last regular meeting of the Purdue Flying Club the following student^ and alumna were elected officei’s: O. H. Skinner, president;' Cliff Manlove, vice-president; and Jane Templeton, ’37, secretary. A treasurer was not elected at this time. Jane Templeton and Skinner hold private pilot’s licenses while Manlove holds a student pilot’s license. Several outside speakers are being scheduled for regular club meetings next semester and a flying contest among members is being arranged. Plans are also underway for the purchase of a new airplane to replace the Portei’field which the club now owns.
Notices Mo Notices Accepted After 8 p.ln.
"Freshman Swiihminsr Team: All members report January 12, 13, and 14 at 4 p. m. for final tryouts, for the freshmanvarsity meet on January 15. —EASTWOOD.
Zouaves: The keys are at my address and may be obtained there at any time before January 20. —FRANCOS.
Kappa Delta Pi: -Those who plan to attend regional conference at Ball State Teachers’ College in Muncie January 22, sign up in Professor McFarland’s office in' the Education Building as soon as possible. —BYRD.
■ Boxers: All men lighting January 15 meet in football dressing room at 4:30 p. m. for weighing in and physical examination. —MAXWELL.
Ushers and Police: All ushers and police for the Saturday basketball game report at the southeast door of the Fieldhouse at 6:30 p. m. January 16. -SANDERS.
WAA Ping Pong: These games must be played by January 17: Muterstaugh vs. Plank; Stephenson vs. Beaudry; Horne vs. Schilling; Sebast vs. Hendrickson: and Guthier vs. Reimann. —BLANK.
Senior Engineers: Any senior engineering students interested inf applying for commission_ of second lieutenant in the Corps of Engineers, Regular Army, may get detailed information' frpm me at the Armory. —HAYFORD.
Sophomore Union Workers: Our' committees will meet in the work shop, January 16, at 1 p. m.
—SAMUELSON, MILtHOLLAND. Glee Club: All men report in music office for instructions before 11 a. m. January —STEWART.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting January 18 at 7:30 p. m. in room B of the Union. Each member please bring a schedule of his final examinations. / ^ —WALING.
Glider Club: Important work session on January 15. Meet in the ME Building at 1 p. m. f . —BUELL.
Compare the 1938 with the 1910 Automobile] Crown Dry Gleaning Service has progressed the same way. Scientific cleaning, mothproofing, formpressing was unknown but a few years ago. Hape Your Clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly
Personnel Notes
Mechanical Engineers G. V. Malmgren of the Graver Tank & Manufacturing Company, East Chicago, plans to hire several mechanical engineering seniors who will finish in June. His company designs, fabricates and erects- steel tanks, water treating equipment, and general steel plate construction. Graduates will take a student course for welders which; is designed to prepare theip for positions in the sales and operating departments. Malmgren is looking for men who make a good appearance, have a pleasing personality and a natural aptitude for sales work. Outlines of the Graver student course are available in Professor G. A. Young’s office and the Petsoimel office. Seniors who are interested should sign up at one of these places.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
ROOM AND BOARD—Available for men students February 1 at 209 Vine street. Phone 3210.
WANTED^—A roommate next semester ^by a co-ed. 443 Wood street. Phone 46501.
WANTED—^Thesis typing. Telephone 26044.
ROOMS—^Por girls; single beds. Innerspring mattresses. Phone 2423. Mrs. Guild. 276 Littleton.
WANTED—Thesis typing. Telephone 75044.
ROOM FOR RENT—^For second semester. Phone 2086.
F I N E C L E A N E R S O F FINE CL O T H E S WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
THE BIG OPENING The big game tonight will be the formal opening of the new field house “and it’s one to be proud of.” The Lafayette Street Railways wish the team and its followers a successful basketball season. LAFAYETTE STREET RAILWAY CO.
MK. MEIGHAMT:
The codfish lays a million eggs, The barnyard hen but one. The codfish doesn't cackle To show what she has done. We scorn the modest codfish, The cackling hen we prize. Proving that, without a doubt, IT PAYS TO ADVERTISE.
Advertising Phone 5038
Hi