V
' THE WEATHER Forecast For Indiana: Some- ^ what colder today with light * snow; continded cold tomorrow.
Purdue Exponent
Z-185
SATORDAY November 26,1938 Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 63
Two-Day Guidance Forum Ends This Noon; 170 Here ’* Over 170 persons registered at the University yesterday for thp opening session of the Guidance Conference, which will be h,eld till this afternoon. Professor Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the President, opened the Friday morning session by giving an address of welcome to the visitors. Dr. J. Q. Holsoppe, chief clinical psychologist of the New Jersey State Hospital in Trenton, N. J., then took up a discussion of the “Training and Functions of the School Psychologist.”
Committeewoman.
Committeeman
Dean Dorothy C. Stratton
Harry Jagar, chief of the division of OccupationaJ Information and Guidance, U. S. Bureau of EducaIfion, opened the afternoon session with a talk on “Occupational Information and Guidance.” Miss Aletha Pettijohn, administrative assistant of the Ipdiana Employment Service in Indianapolis, then addressed the conference on “Employment Service for Junior Workers in Indiana.” As a conclusion to the Guidance Conference for yesterday, 128 registered members attended a dinner held m the Home Economics dining room at 6:30 p. m. Professor H. H. Eemmers, chairman of the committee, gave a short talk after the dinner, introducing F. B. Knight, director of education and applied psychology. After speaking briefly on psychology as a natural science, F. B. Knight introduced the principal speaker of the night, Homer Andersonson, superintendent of schools, ®maha, Neb.
Dean V. C. Freeman
Anderson spoke on “Why Guidance?” His own views were to aid the youths of today in choosing an occupation or vocation in which they are mostly interested in. “Since youth no longer has a parental system to aid them in selecting their life’s work, it is our duty to develop a scientific system that can do so. Vocation Important The most important and crucial decision that a young man or woman has to make today is their choice of vocation. They have had no experience in learning what they should do, therefore, we should aid in their guidance and then let them make their decisions.” ( Members of the Conference committee are Professors Russell L. Greenly, 0. F. Hall, F. C. Hockema, C. 0. Lee, H. G. McComb, Muriel G. McFarland, Harriet O’Shea, J. E. Walters, H. H. Remmers, Dean Dorothy Stratton, and Dean V. C. Freeman.
f ary Hall Consumes 2145 Pounds Of Meat 1036 Loaves Of Bread, 1164 Gallons Of Milk X By R. Bishetsrieder i
All future housewifely inclined co-eds, take note! You may think i>ou’re going to have a problem planning hubby’s meals, but in comparison with Miss Hufford, chief dietician of the Cary Halls, your
l^roblem is a nonentity.
Every week, for the entire school year. Miss Huiford arranges and supei vises the menus for 600 different, critical appetites. That is no mean job, considering the average male student’s conception of a
hearty meal.
^ In one week, according to Miss 'Hufford, the Cary Hall students literally inhale the following: pork, 078 lbs.; beef, 935 lbs.; veal, 232 lbs.; and 65 bushels of potatoes. Not only that, but they butter 1,036 loaves of bread with 323 lbs. of butter and drink 1,164 gallons of Purdue milk as a chaser. ^ 22 Cooks In the kitchen the 22 cooks needed to cook all this, use an additional 225 lbs. of butter and 230 gallons ^of milk. Some eggs are used to bake the pies and cakes eaten for dessert. All their pies and cakes ai-e ^)aked in their own kitchens. Since these groceries weigh quite a bit. Miss Hufford has 41 waiters to car^•y the finished products into the dining rooms at meal times. Most of the products are bought locally: meats, vegetables, and bread coming from several downtown markets. Canned fruits are Ordered from different concerns.
This year a new method of choosing canned fruits was devised. Miss Hufford, together with the dieticians from WRH, the Union Cafeteria, and the Home Economics kitchen, personally tested and chose from various different canned goods, the products which they believe to be the best. The labels had been stripped from the cans and numbered. Miss Hufford and her companions then tasted all the different varieties and decided on the ones which they believed to be the
best.
Johnson Does Purchasing All canned goods, meats, andvegetables aie purchased by Mr. Johnson, of the purchasing department, foi the Cary Halls, the Union Cafeteria, the Home Economics kitchen, and WHR. Mr. Johnson makes a daily inspection of the stores supplying the food. Miss Hufford is a foimer Purdue co-ed, having received her degree in institution management in 1931. Her first position was in the Union Cafeteria. In January, 1936, she was appointed head dietician of the Cary Halls, and with the inauguration of the new halls and annex, assumed the same duties for all five^
units.
In addition to being head dietician, Miss Hufford is now ajju) the hptisekeeper for the halls.-Mn this capacity, she employs for the halls, 17 maids, this making her total working staff number 82 people.
World News J'la&hjiA,
ROME—Pope Pius VI collapsed this morning from a heart attack which caused attending physicians to summon a noted heart specialist. Bulletins issued from the bedside, however, said that the Holy Father was not in immediate serious danger from the recurring attacks.
BERLIN—The government today added two new decrees in their an-ti-Jew movement. One was to ban all Jews from registered handicraftsmen. The other decree said that all stocks of Jewish retail merchants shops which are to be closed by January 1, must be placed at once in the hands of government officials or receivers in bankruptcy.
CHICAGO—American Federation of Labor livestock handlers voted unanimously today to return to work immediately in the struck Union stockyards. CIO officials, whose men were the first to strike, said their men would not return to work and the picket lines would not be broken.
LOS ANGELES—The fires which had plagued cities and towns nearby were again out of control tonight and menacing the cities of Santa Monica and Crestville. Renewed effort on the part of firefighters was expected to get the fires under control this week-end. McCrady Swingsters Play At Mixer Tonite Harry McCrady and his campus swingsters starring “that man of a thousand fingers,” pianist Russ Mock, will furnish music for the regular dollar mixer tonight. Featured vocalist with the orchestra is Martha Lommel. Harry and his trumpet, Vernon Droege with his clarinet, and Bob Reed and his tenor sax will add individuality to the sweet swing style of the orchestra. The mixer will start at 9 p. m. and will last until midnight. G.D. Wheeler Will Address Cosmopolitan Club Sunday George D. Wheeler of the Lafayette YMCA is scheduled to address the Cosmopolitan Club at their next meeting this Sunday. The meeting will be held in faculty lounge of the Union Building at 4:30 p. m. and will be open to all students and faculty members as well as to the townspeople.
Irvan Maury's Music Will Honor Michigan On College Caravan University of Michigan will be honored in the second of WBAA’s College Caravan weekly programs, this afternoon at 1:30 o’clock. Irvan Maury and orchestra will furnish the musical background. Bill Adams, in charge of production, will do the announcing. Darlene Mahns, song stylist deluxe, will star in vocal arrangements. Featured orchestra and vocal arrangements will include “My Reverie,” “Love Is Where You Find It,” “Study In Blue,” and “Girl Friend of the^ Whirling Dervish.” Students Invited An audience of students is invited to attend the studio program, which will be aired from rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union. The WBAA staff especially invites coeds, although only a limited number may be accomodated. Michigan’s school songs, traditions, and interesting stories will constitute the main part of the program. Adams points out that the time of the program has been changed to 1:30-2:00 from the previous time of 2:00-2:30. Campus Varieties will follow on WBAA at its customary time of 3 p. m. European Engineer Will Lecture On'Heat' Dr. Max Jakob, famous European engineer, now with the Research Foundation of Armour Institute of Technology, will lecture here Wednesday and Thursday. He will discuss three topics on the general subject of “Survey of the Science of Heat Transmission.” All of these lectures will be delivered in Room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. On Wednesday at 4 p. m. he will lecture on “Fundamental Laws of Heat Transmission.” At 8 p. m. he will speak on “Decisive Properties of Matter,” and Thursday at 9 a. m. he will discuss “Typical Methods.” Those interested in science of heat transmission are cordially invited to attend any or all of the above lectures by Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter. Faculty Meeting Slated For Monday At 4 p. m. Faculty members will meet Monday afternoon at 4 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall for their regular monthly meeting and conference. The President’s office expects a full attendance at this meeting.
High School Debaters To Convene Here Dec. 2-3 J The annual Indiana High School Debaters’ Conference will convene for the ninth year on the campus next Friday and Saturday .to select the state champion debate team for 1938-39. Highlights of the program will be the inter-collegiate debate between Ohio State and Purdue and the regular discussion of a timely topic by the Chicago University Round Table. Approximately 1,000 students and coaches are expected from over 100 Indiana high schools.
Delegates will register on their arrival, following which they will attend the Ohio State-Purdue debate: Resolved, “That the United States should establish an alliance with Great Britain.” Sasser, Rittenhouse For Purdue Sasser and Rittenhouse of Purdue will argue the affirmative, while Grigsby and Shapiro will uphold the negative for Ohio State. Professor C. P. Lahman, director of debate at Western State Teachers’ College, will analyze the debate. The annual Conference banquet will be held Friday evening in the Memorial Union. Dr. A. H. Monroe, head of the speech department, and Professor Hockema, assistant to the president, will welcome the visitors. Julius Pewowar, member of the ’37 state championship debate team fi'om Hammond High School, will give the response. Attendance Trophy The attendance trophy will be awarded at the banquet, and following the banquet Playshop will give a special performance of “Dracula” for the group. A special session in which the various problems of speech will be discussed will be held for the coaching group Saturday morning. During this meeting the visiting students will be taken on a tour of the campus. The rest of the day will be given over to elimination contests to determine the number one state high school debating team. PI A Dance Classes Begin December 5 PIA dance classes will begin Monday, December 5, in the Women’s Gymnasium promptly.^t 7:00 p. m. Miss Knight of the Women’s Athletic Department will give a course of five lessons on Monday and Wednesday nights, teaching all of the modern ballroom steps, to include the shag, lambeth walk, etc. This class will be for advanced dancers only. Because of limited space, the group will be confined to fifty couples and all men are asked to bring girls, to assure getting the most out of the lessons. Tickets can be obtained in the PIA office at $1.25 per couple. This includes a free dance at Allen’s after Christmas vacation.
Reporter Interviews Bennett Sisters On Personal Opinions By Ernie Morehouse Corralling the Bennett sisters, feature vocalists with Clyde McCoy’s “Sugar Blues” band last evening your Exponent scribe ventured to find out more about them. The girls hail from Houston, Tex., where they were sponsors of their high school military band, and in that respect seemed interested in our ROTC. When asked whether they prefered one night stands or long stays. Marguerite, the older of the three sisters was spokesman for th^ trio and replied, “It’s about a fifty-fifty proposition with us. We like both.” Incidentally, the names of the other two sisters are Maxine and Charlie Belle. Think Co-eds Attractive While explaining to the three Bennetts the tradition that nine of every ten girls are good looking and the tenth one comes to Purdue, they replied in union, “We disagree. We think the girls at Purdue are quite attractive.” And that was that! Clyde McCoy and the Bennett sisters finished an engagement at the Trianon Thanksgiving night and are heading for the Palomar in Los Angeles, following their stand here, where they play for a limited time. They will return to the Chicago Trianon shortly following their Palomar engagement. Co-eds Dance Tonight At WRH Fail Formal “Blue Rhapsody” is to be tbe theme of the WRH closed formal fall dance from 9 to 1 tonight in the residence halls. Bud Bryant’s orchestra will play for dancing in the recreation room of the North Hall. A public address system will supply music to dancers in South Hall. Blue and silver decorations wiU be used in the North Hall. At midnight supper will be served buffet style to the girls and their guests.
JITetir State Police Safety Display Truck... Jamming The Union...
. . . now showing at the SAE Auto Show, with Officer George A. Dye, Pendleton, in charge.
Taking over the Armory promptly at one o’clock this afternoon, the SAE auto exhibit will open its doors for the final day. Products of General Motors, Chrysler, Hudson, and Wfllys, and numerous trucks, motor cycles, and accessories are now on display at the show. A Ford truck equipped with four-
wheel driv.e and a two-man whippet tank capable of 35 m. p. h. are being shown by the Marmon-Harring-ton Company of Indianapolis. The tank complete with a trailer for transportation at high speed was built for the Unjted States government, As a special feature sound movies are being shown by Dodge and International truck compapies
describing new features of economy and safety in their cars and trucks. Indiana State Police exhibit one special traveling showcase truck carrying various instruments used by criminals, charts showing the communication system of the police, and highway driving safety facts and statistics.
. . . |?allroom to capacity, students packed themselves in so closely to hear Clyde McCoy at the swing session yesterday from 5 to 6 p. m. before the Union Formal, that for once jitterbugs were unable to jitter. Swinging out with such favorites as “Tear It Down” and “Riding to Glory on a Trumpet,” McCoy made his trumpet do everything but talk and on “The Music Goes Round and Round” played the world’s smallest trumpet. After giving his interpretation of a jam session and receiving a tremendous ovation the genial maestro stated, “ You sure like waltzes, don’t you?” Small Pigskin... . . . white dance purses were presented as favors to dancers at last night’s Anniversary Union Formal. 450 couples enjoyed the music of Clyde McCoy at the affair, which was held in the Union ballroom. Theta Tau... . . . social fraternity announces the pledging of Philip M. Qlassman, LaPorte, and Walter E, Mnck9y« E, Chicago.- 4- 'C*-* ‘/ i'> \
• *
^diJtohud
THE PUROTIE EXPONENT
t 3'aaJtuhaA
Saturday, November 26, 1938
Coming Elections... , . . the Exponent will attempt to be absolutely non-partisan in all its news and editorial material. Equal amounts of publicity will be accepted from all parties^ while all general write-ups will be carefully edited and kept impartial. Beginning Tuesday morning platform material and general news will be published. If party leaders will submit articles no more than 200 words in length to the Exponent office before 6 p. m. Monday night they will be published in Tuesday’s paper. Thereafter publicity will be used in accordance with space limitations and desires of candidates. Advertising in good taste will be accepted at any time, but news copy space necessarily be given in equal amounts to all political groups. Christmas Vacation... ... is coming soon. And with Christmas vacation will come a flood of students without cars looking for rides home, and more students with cars searching for riders to share expenses. Not only at Christmas time, but all through the year students are looking for rides, and other students are looking for riders. A glance at the Library bulletin board any time will attest to this. A satisfactory solution for the mutual benefit of both groups would be a campus Travel Bureau. This could be conducted by the Student Union, or by any other campus group willing to promote the work. Registration of ride-seekers by required destination and registration of car-owners seeking riders could be carried out on a card index file. It might be advisable for carriers to register by destination and intermediate stops, listing number of riders wanted, expected cost for trip, make of car, model, and year. It would then be a simple matter for either party to consult this file and find potential
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at Uie post office in Lafayette. Indiana, nnder the act of Conaress of March S, 1879, and at the special rate of pestasa provided for in section 1108, act of Ostober 8, 1017, anthorised Janu* ary 20, 1022. Pablisked daily except Monday duriaa the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60.
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
..H. I. Stanback ...R. R. Hensler
Editor..-. Associate Editors-
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor. D. A. Bailsy Associate Editors—Q. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. KrocpUn, D. 0. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Easiness Manager. - M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E, M. Antonini Circulation Manager... .W. F. Berg Sales Manager..- — .V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager. _.H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager. .W. E. Smith Art Director. Jt). J. Henninger
SPORTS STAFF
B. L. McDonald J. A. Hebb^r, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard
CO-ED STAFF
Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West'Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
This newspaper is written, edited, and published. by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. RBPRB8KNTKD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINa BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New^ York, N. Y. CHICASO ' BOSTOR ■ Los ASOILSS - SAR FRARCISCO
Editor. -... Associate Editors..
Night Editor
-Terrio Issue Editor—Patterson Saturday, November 26, 1938
^[sdhM to the Editor
Letters accepted for publication in this column must be accompanied by the writer’s signature and should be limited to 160 words in length. Ordinarily the author’s name will be published with the letter. If for reasons obvious to our readers the name is withheld, it will be kept in strict confidence. The Exponent does not assume any responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Holiday Plan Dear Editor: In regard to the Thanksgiving Holiday, I believe that I have a very feasible plan that should succeed and meet the approval of the faculty. Let us have a Thanksgiving Holiday weekend. This lost time could be made up after the regular Christmas Holiday, just before final exams. Most of the sttidents would welcome such an opportunity for more supervised study immediately preceding the final examinations. I believe that there are a few idle days before the second semester registration period begins, in which to make up the lost time without lengthening the spring term. This holiday interim would give
the students a bit of relaxation after having carried the heavy burden of studies with no time out for a rest. The engineers who are said to be uncultured, would have some time to develope that trait in their university career. The students would also be more mentally refreshed after this relaxation from study and would return to them with more vigor. The Thanksgiving Holiday would occur just after the time that the students are becoming stale, so to speak, from too much of a dose of concentrated study. Why even football players are allowed to taper off before important games, or from practicing too long, in order to increase their morale, to prevent them from getting stale and to allow them relaxation and rest. Students could also do better with a holiday at this time of the season. A man can recuperate much more readily from physical exertion than he can from mental exertion. Don’t you think these are justifiable reasons for a ThanksgivingHoliday ? E. J. Balaishis, ME ’40.
Tuesday Set As Deadline For Camera Club Entries Tuesday is the final date for entries in the Camera Club’s Fall Exhibit, which will be held in the Music Room of the Union from Saturday, December 3, through Friday, December 9. Entry blanks and further information may be obtained at the Student Union office. Entries will be divided ihto four classifications—^portrait, landscape, still life, and miscellaneous.
Noble Cain, nationally recognized composer for NBC, will write a song to be dedicated to the Guilford College a cappela choir.
I
THE DOUBLE HORROR SHOW OF THE CENTURY!
Woman Scream . . . Dying Men Groan and Moan Lord . . . It's ^cary! CAN YOU TAKE IT? It's No Show Fof Sissies WE DARE YOU! ... To Sec These Two Super Shockers
No. 1 Created in the Mind of that Mad Genius Edgar Allen Poe THE CRIME OF DR. CRESPI
with
Eric Von Stroheim
No. 2
MaiiI
You'it Shudder, Shiver and Shake THE CROOKED CIRCLE
with
J. Carrol Naish James Gleason — Zasu Pitts STARTS MIDNITE Prevue Tonite 11:00
III
T/%rhAY. FAYE in YOUR A SWEETHEART I I . Plug _ HELL'S HOUSE
IRMVend STARTING TOMORROW
LAST DAY-
LIONEL BARRYMORE LEW AYRES — in — 'YOUNG DR. KILDARE"
MW
GRINAM> BEAR IT
By Lickly
passengers, or to find potential transportation. This Travel Bureau could be conducted effectively throughout the year. It would prove a boon to both ride-seekers and rider-seekers. —D. G. T.
ARC
With PARKYAICAS 4llan Ian* • Gordon Jena«R Joan Woodbury rko-RADIO PICTURl —and— “SUDDEN BILL DORN” with BUCK JONES also
LUKA SUN.-MON.
—LAST daytown BROWN ANDY DEVINE —-in — "SWING THAT CHEER" — and — TOM KEENE — in — 'DOOMED AT SUNDOWN'
WITH THE UNION .. . -formal and Black and Tan lightly and—ahem—politely brushed to one side all we have left is the Water Carnival. THE BLACK AND TAN . . . . . . seemed to go better than usual with a lot of flowers to both BETTY JO and RUFINA SEXTON for the fine dancing chorus. One or two things didn’t actually bring down the house but all in all it was good entertainment. OVERHEARD DURING . . . . . the Jitterbug part of the show “You can tell this is Purdue ... just look at the two fellows dancing together.” EVERY YEAR . . . ... a freshman “Queen” turns up at sometime or other. Last year’s queen is now married, and two years ago it was a contest between two blondes. This year it seems to be PEGGY DAVIS ... she was really on the merry-go-round at the tea dance following the afternoon show, too, we hear. CHARLIE “BUCK” BENSON . . . ... of the Sig Ep house did what the majority of BUCK’S friends considered the impossible for him. The unbelievable was that he put out his pin. THE LUCKY (?) GIRL .. . . . . was LOIS MILLS. As yet the date has not been set for the return, but time is a wonderful thing, and time WOOS on. Paid Ad. SINCE BETTY JO . . . ... SEXTON’s football fad has come to a close we now have PHYLLIS CROSSMAN as the Purdue “Cigarette Girl.” Incidentally BETTY JO where is that radio, or was that just an attention factor. BETTER LATE THAN . . . . . . never. We hear—or should we say, we heard—that HERB FISHBURN has put out his Delt pin. No,
'We have cause to >be worried, gentlemen! The office force chipped in and hired an efficiency expert!” t
not here but at home. The boy uses his head. A LITTLE NOTE . . . ... to the Alpha Chi’s about one of their cute (?) little pledges. You girls should really warn your little ones, we wouldn’t mention this particular one’s name—VIVIAN DICKERSON, about promising to get married on the spur of the moment (this Saturday night). VIVIAN MADE . . . ... the promise the other night over long distance telephone, to the Indianapolis “It,” in order to smooth over a little argument about her stepping out. Someone should re-
ally tell her about those things, IT WON’T BE LONG . . . . . . now till there will be some fuzz sprouting out on some of thes« Purdue eds’ chins. If you have forgotten there is that dance coming^ up before long that requires a beard. .. V VINCE “SMILING BOY” . . . . , . HRUBY has decided that yoy might as well run around with the guineas. Here is his philosophy— A sucker is a fish. A fisl^ lives ip, water. Water is what is in a wateiT wagon. The poor fish who goes on the water wagon is no sucker. So what have you got to lose.
One Solid Hour of Dazzling Entertainment Riotous Stage Revue Syncopators . . Singers . . Dancers Sweet Swing . . Glorious Girls!
TODAY ONLY GALA STAGE SHOW!•k-''
.1
Saturday^ November 26,1938
THE PUBDtlE
SjsttfdA,
EXPONENT
Second Annual Aquacade Opens With Fine Performance
Boilermakers Show Accuracy And Speed For Annual Freshman-Varsity Cage Game Even though the annual freshman-varsity basketball game, to be contested the night of December 7, will find the varsity ^s usual reigning as top favorites, from all pre-game practice sessions of both squads the fracas will be the fastest frosh-var-sity game every flayed between Purdue forces.
The varsity, lacking in the usuaP
%ieight of proceeding seasons, has /been showing terrific speed and unusual accuracy in fancy passing that tends to drive almost any defense dizzy. Frosh Show Speed A freshman crew, attracting considerable attention from Coach Lambert, has showed an unusual amount of speed for this time of year. The frosh passing attack is more or less ragged, but in practice sessions, on the newly lined freshman court in the Fieldhouse Gymnasium, the first year men have definitely stamped themselves as capable of keeping pace with the varsity in speed if not in points. Coach Lambert indicated that the game floor in the Fieldhouse will be ready for team use Monday aft-
ernoon.
Squad Cut To 41 Last evening Lambert cut the freshman squad down to 41 men, but those who have been out for freshman football will join the remaining men who have survived the above mentioned cut. The following are the frosh who are to report for practice today at 1:30 p. m.: Abolt, Adams, Beck, Blemker, Bussell, Caress, Cqnrad, Compton, Cooper, Coy, Crane, Dinwoodie, Danowski, Dorci, Forsythe,
Gordon, Hedges, Hope, Howe, Hunt, Joorfitz, Keene, Korschot, Landers,Mailatti, Melahn, Miller, Neutzel, Oliver, Polk, Rizg, St. Clair, Sharp, Tierney, Torenga, Thomas, Underwood, White, Woodruff, and Young. Mohlman Debaters Finish Preliminaries Preliminary contests in the Mohlman inter-fraternity debate have been completed, according to Bob Carr, varsity debate manager. Following a recess for Thursday’s holiday, the next round will follow immediately. The subject for this year’s’ contest is, “Resolved: That the New Wage-Hour Law Should be Repealed.” Inteirest in the debate is running high, with about 30 fraternities entering teams, the largest number ever to compete for the championship. Judges for the various contests include lawyers, members of the economics, history, and government department, and members of the varsity debating team.
A record correspondence enrollment of 676 is reported by the University of Texas.
TRAPPERS AND HUNTERS Com plete stock of guns and shells. Also trapping equipment.
SPERB HARDWARE 822-24 Main Street
ALLEN*. SCHOOL OF OANCI NCa CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION FOR STUDENTS OF PURDUE Beginner’s Opens Wed., Nov. 30th 7:30 P. M. Advanced Opens Thurs., Dec. 1st 7:30 P.M. No Lessons Given During Holiday Vacation. P, M. Allen, Instructor ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150 I
PARKEI VACIMATIC America's Most-Wanted Fountain Pen • Holds 102% More Ink • Shows Entire Ink Supply • Scratch-Proof Point of Platinum and Cold • Exclusive Laminated Pearl Style Come in and see our fresh Christmas Assortments of these celebrated Parker Vacumatic Pens at $5, $8.75 and $10. Matched Pen and Pencil sets at $8.50, $12.75 and $15. Free Gift Box included with Sets. FINEST OF ALL $5 GIFT SETS Order Personal Christmas Cards NOW} Cards from 50 for $1.00 up
DECKER'S
518-520 Main St.
Phone 6477
Greek Toudiball Teams To Contest Semi-Finals Monday Surviving a list of 34 starting teams in the intramural all-campus tournament in the quarter finals are eight teams which will play Monday night. Two teams have played their quarter final game, which was won by the Theta Chis. The remainder of the teams in the quarter finals will play Monday night. Four teams were undefeated in the opening round, while nine other squads finished the round with three victories and one defeat. Four of these nine teams were successful in a special playoff that decided the remainder of the teams to play in the quarter finals. Headlining Monday’s card will be the Kappa Sigs vs. Delta Tau Delta; Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Chi; and Phi Kappa Pi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Winners of these contests will join Theta Chi in the sem-final tournament.
Diving, Water Polo, Racing, Comedy Headline First Program; Show Will Close With Two Exhibitions Today At 2 And 7:30 p.m.
and Jder By Georgann Schilling
Phi Pi Phi fraternity and Tau Kappa Epsilon will hold a formal dance tonight from 9 to 12 at Allen’s ballroom. Irvan Maury’s band will furnish the melodies. Bud Bryant’s band is scheduled to play for the WRH Rhapsody in Blue tonight while Harry MeCrady and his lads swing out for the dancers at the regular mixer in the Union ballroom. —H-H— A tyrannical Beta pledge gave yesterday afternoon’s visitors to the Union a backward glimpse at bathing suits of former days. The lad, who told us his name was Jones, modeled a little black and white swim suit \decorated with ruffles. The idea was an advertisement for tonight’s Aquacade, and the young man being the week’s most mischievous pledge was given the honor of displaying the costume. The suit reached to his knees, but even his kneecaps were blushing. —H-H— Less than a week remains now! Are you among the lucky eds who has a date? We are rambling about the WAA Masked Ball, of course. It is scheduled for next Friday night, and the plans show promise of much gaiety and merriment. But it’s a co-ed bid dance, so perhaps you’d better be unusually sweet to your “honey chile” this next week.
University Club Will Dance, Play Bridge, Dancing in the ballroom and bridge in the faculty lounge will be features of the next meeting of the University Club Monday, November 28. Tables will be available for the groups who wish dinner in the Union preceding the party. Professor and Mrs. R. J. Raub are in charge of the bridge section while Mr. and Mrs. F. D. Martin have arranged a program in the Music Room, including a variety of symphonifc and operatic selections featuring the work of, famous artists. • Prof. London Of Poincare Institufe To Speak Here Prof. F. A. London of Poincare Institute, Paris, will visit the University Monday and Tuesday. He will lecture to a physics group on “Helium at Low Temperature’” on JVIonday evening at 7:30. < Prof. London is famous for his studies of chemical binding which led to the discovery of the Lon-don-Heitler forces. In recent years his theory of superconductivity has enabled him to explain theoretically the strange behavior of helium at low temperatures. Prof. Estey To Address Studenf Group Sunday Prof. J. A. Estey, head of the economics, history, government department will speak to the student group at Central Presbyterian Church on “A Working Philosophy of Life,” Sunday morning at 9:30. The speaker will be the third University faculty member to appear on this same topic. He will be followed on succeeding Sunday mornings by Dean Dorothy Stratton, Dr. F. B. Knight ,and Dean R. G. Dukes.
WBAA
—Today— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:15—Carolyn Wood—-sopiano 11:30—High School Guest Program. 12:00—^Tune Time—Charles Powell. 12:15—The Woman Shopper. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 12 45—Market Reports. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—College Caravan. 2 ’00—Paul Funk—pianist. 2 :16—Fraternity Sing. 2:45—Stamp Club of the Air. 3:00—-Campus Varieties.
Reversing last year’s theme, to take in the female point of view, Triton Clubs weaved the story of a “Mermaid's Diream” through the opening performance of the second annual wa^er carnival presented at the Fieldhouse pool last night. To get the audience into the mood of the performance, Walt Lahey as “Our hero Will-o-the-Wisp Walt," and the heroine, Barbara Roderick, presented a country club scene in which Barbara was the persuer of her love and Walt was the ever elusive male. Barbara finally gave up and found her love as the hero in her dreams to follow. » mi ■ . i
The Dream
Of course, the heroine could not be disappointed in her dreams; so Walt, with a mighty sweep of his powerful arms nqsed out his opponent in the final few yards of a medley relay race, as the dream got under way in earnest. The Triton Club slowed the tempo of the show with a well organized exhibition of formation swimming to music and provided the aesthetic touch for the art lovers. Intricate maneuvers in the time of the music were performed in a very professional manner.
Comedy
Never complete without a bit of comedy, Gil Tredwell, Charles Gardner, and Charles Luce kept the entire crowd in an uproar with a series of comic acrobatic diving that went off without a slip. “Pupil,” Luce out to show off before “Coach” Tredwell encountered many and varied difiiculties with the length of the bodrd, but undaunted, proceeded to add a bit here and cut off a bit there. The bit there, included the part occupied by Charlie. Dr. P. R. Eastwood of the physical education staff was unperturbed by the snow outside and proceeded to show the audience the way a canoe should be handled. As a way of helping the Purdue ed in pursuance of his love. Dr. Eastwood gave a few simple acrobatic stunts in a canoe that would do well in making an impression.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
e Bookstores
• Locksmith
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G, REISNER
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Professional
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—DD.S. HAROLD J RISK—D.DS. LUTHER A. RISK—DDS. 1 Schultz Building 4h and Main Phone 5701 /
• jewelers
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119y2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
e Florists
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7 th Phone 6050
Water Polo As a way of educating the audience in the rules and manner of play of water polo. Coach Larry LaBree took over the role of announcer for the abbreviated water polo game and explained the play as it transpired. Then came what was probably the most appreciated of the acts, the fancy diving exhibition by Barbara Cook, George Wildhack, Sam Craig, and C. J. Fahrner. Miss Cook, nationally known for her diving skill was outnumbered three to one, but nevertheless drew many rounds of applause for her perfectly executed dives. The Dream Ends To complete the dream and end the show, “Will-o-the-Wisp” Lahey awakened the fair maiden and gave her a break with his attention. The Dolphin and Triton clubs added their personnel to the final exhibition of formation swimming by the forming of a “P” as “Hail Purdue”
Sharpshooters Meet Wednesday To Form infradub Tourney Riflemen, and students interested
in rifle shooting will hold their second meeting Wednesday at 7:30 p. m. in the Union tower room. The temporary organization and the arrangement for an intra-club tournament will occupy most of the meet-
ing.
First meeting, sponsored by five members of Holms’ rifle team of last year, was held two weeks a°go, when 43 men attended, showing their interest in developing the idea. Four teams will be selected Wednesday to shoot a shoulder to shoulder meet in the Fieldhouse. Two rifles are available from the Fieldhouse, however, many of the members of the club have their own .22 rifles. Iron sights are the only limiting factors in the use of any .22 long rifle. Ambitions of the riflemen are to arouse enough interest in rifle shooting to establish a Purdue rifle team. This team would compete with other schools either by postal matches, or shoulder to shoulder matches or both. Ultimate aim of the club is to establish the infle team as an official minor sport, issuing letters to its members. Ten men constitute the usually sized team. Neither the faculty, or the Student Union are sponsoring the organization which has been carried on so far by the enthusiasm of the five originators and the general interest of the students. Holms, of the Tippecanoe Rifle Club, has offered his services as instructor. was played over the public address system. Two more performances, this afternoon at 2 o’clock and this evening at 7:30 o’clock will conclude the Dolphin Club’s drive for money for a prospective southern trip during the Christmas vacation. Jerry Ciral again occupied the post of master of ceremonies, and provided the constant banter that kept the acts moving along in good order and kept the audience informed of the technicalities of the acts as they transpired.
She Won’t Forget You and the Formal
Flowers Just for the Special Time and Occassion Call 8050 7955 For Corsages That Please Luna Theatre Building Phones 7955-8050
N.h
3tixaL OdA,
THE PUBDDE EXPONENT
TboiicttA.
Saturday, November 26, 1938
Frivolous Frocks From Gay Nineties Period Now On Exhibit In Home Economics Bldg.
By Eleanor Fink Even the most elegant of the strapless, hooped, sequm-spangled evening dresses of today can hai dly compare with the gowns and accessories of the “Gay Nineties ” Paris models of the elabarate gowns and accessories of that pei lod, which represent the finest in designing, sewing, and materials are now on exhibit in the display case in the Home Economics building. One gown, Avhich must have looked particularly lovely on some weewaisted, dark-haired young lady, has an embroidered kid bodice with pink Lyons velvet sleeves and touches “of duchesse lace, and a
broad skii’t of heavy white satin. Rose Point Lace Another gown, wkich has sleeves and bodice of rose point lace and a satin skirt lavishly brocaded in Louis XVI design, typically French in colors and design, shows painstaking effort and workmanship. Matching the gay mood of the frivolous frocks of the “Gay Nineties” period, are a lace parasol with carved handle, a pair of white satin pumps, and a hand-painted silk fan with tiny gold sequins and beads. The gowns, which were made in Paris, formerly belonged to Mrs. Ophelia Fowler Duhume and were given to the school of home economics in 1926.
tomorrow in the f (^liuF'cked
First Christian Church And Purdue Christian Foundation 9:30—Student class, speaker. Dr. G. H. Graves. 10:40—Morning worship. Sermon, “Too Old”—Rev. Doyle Mullen. 5:30—Student vespers, 6:QP —Social Hour and Supper. 6:45— Round Table Discussion Group. Leader, Allen Smith; topic, “The Place of the School lin Modern Life.”
By Joy Johnson It’s the college student that pays and pays—at the University of Colorado anyhow. Things have come to a pretty pass when students can’t even flunk in peace. The authorities have imposed a fine of three dollars per credit point for courses flunked. —C— Homecomers at UCLA may “Travel for a trifle” at the WSGA sponsored Taxi Day. All sorts and conditions of conveyances will be entered in the contest and a ride on any one may be had for a nickle. Does anyone have an old buggy or anything to contribute to the good cause ? —C— There are some professors who pride themselves on the fact that their students can’t reach them with any pipe line, and that a nice shiny apple gives them indigestion when marking up grades. But hats off to Dean Dubach of Oregon State. He believes that anyone who isn’t wisei enough to do intelligent applepolishing isn’t wise enough to be in college. What’s more he says a pipe line is an important part in a college man’s education. —C— The University newsreel is becoming “the thing” at most colleges now. Massachusetts State has just begun a continuous moving picture history of student and faculty activities. The Michigan Wolverines have gone a step farther by newsreeling their campus in color, —C— There is a limit to everything and for greasy grinds we think the University of New Mexico students are the limit. They have petitioned their library to remain open more hours during the week. Maybe it isn’t book cracking that the attraction. It could be that they want better and longer library dates.
Credit unions have been organized at Missouri’s five state teachers’ colleges.
Spencer To Address Tau Beta Pi Banquet Charles H. Spencer, national president of Tau Beta Pi, engineering honorary, will speak at the local chapter’s banquet in the reception loom of the Union at 6 o’clock this •evening. Mr. Spencer is a graduate of the University of Michigan, CE ’96. In addition to his work as a consulting engineer with the railroad, he has served on the Nye Committee for the investigation of the conditions in the United States Navy. Banquet For Pledges The banquet is being held in honor of the fall class of Tau Beta Pi pledges. Seniors pledged included: P. Collier, W. Stevens, C. Warner, J. Parks, R. Duncan, R. Seely, F. Toy, T. Tomaszewski, J. Taylor, E. Smith, V. Farrow, C. Powers, C. Dixon, 0. Moan, G. Small. J. Rieke, H. Lownie, R. Richardson, J. Dinius, J. Gloshorn, C. Hamilton, R. Elliott, F. Robbins, J. Alden, R. Zimmer, J. Bro^n, D. McLeish, and M. Riise. Juniors pledged were W. Catterall and F. Woodsmall. Forestry Seniors leave For Game Projed Tour Forestry seniors registered in the wildlife management option left on a tour of Ohio conservation centers yesterday. The group will establish headquarters at Bowling Green, 0., and will tour the various fish and game projects in the vicinity today. Included among the projects that they will visit are the Woods Co. pheasant and quail production farm and the Liberty Township controlled hunting areas. John Kase, instructor in game management, will be in charge of the tour, which is one of the series planned to coordinate University foresters with state and national forestry conservation programs in the middle west.
West Lafajjette Baptist 9:30—Roger Williams Sunday morning class taught by C. E. Dammon. 10:35—Church worship. Sermon by the pastor, “The Fine Art of Taking Second Place Gracefully.” 5:30—Roger Williams social hour. Music by the Ujirey String Quartette. Lunch. 6:30—Discussion Hour. Dean A. A. Potter of the schools of engineering will speak on “Religion and Engineeripg.” 7:30—Evening service. Message by the pastor.
Presbyterian 9:30—Prof. J. A. Estey will discuss “A Working Philosophy of Life.” 10:40 — Morrtjng worship. The theme of the pastor. Dr. W. R. Graham, will be “The Foundation of an Optimism for Today.” The choir under the direction of Mr. A. P. Stewart will sing “Open Your Eyes,” by MacFarlane. 6:00—The Student Forum will meet at 129 Sheetz street. There will be a program of special music under the direction of Harold Schulte.
Wesley Foundation 8:00—Breakfast of the Sophomore Commission. Kay Fosbrink is ‘ chairman. All sophomores invited. 9:30—Co-ed class at the Foundation—Mrs. McFadden will teach Men’s class at the church, “Why Cooperatives are Christian.” 10:40—Morning worship—Sermon on “Walk and Faint Not”—Dr. Steele. 5:00—Fellowship Supper in charge of Fairie Totten, 15 cents. 6:30—Epworth League at the church, “Poverty in Lafayette” Miss Roseberry, Red Cross.
THE SMARTEST STYLES We have the newest ideas in SOCIETY BRAND SUITS It makes no difference what your pref-7 erence in fabrics — we have them all, from tweeds to fine, rich worsteds. Stop in today and look them over. SuUMi.
IN THE VILLAGE
Theta Alpha Phi T0 Initiate Sunday Formal initiation for Theta Alpha Phi, dramatic honorary, will be held Sunday afternoon in the reception room of the Union, followed by a banquet in the chestnut room. “Members of this organization will form a nucleus of almost an entirely new dramatic organization as a result of the rapid rise of dramatics on the Purdue campus,” reports president Bob Heine. Pledges are: Lawrence Archibald, Valerie Armstrong, Marjorie Blocker, Harry Brenman, Mary Carr, Gilbert Devore, Patricia Heine, Robert Hettema, Robert Hewitt, Virginia Huffman, Richard Lukenbill, Myra McKee, Joe Martin, Lois Randolph, Beverly Rice, Jane Robinson, Virginia Ruddell, Robert Schlendorf, and Harriette Shepard.
as $29.76. Supplies. Main street.
C. P. Ebershoff, 606 •
PERSONS TAKING overcoats from hangrer in H. E. Building, at noon Wednesday, November 23 is known. Please return to same place and no prosecution will follow. 46268.
201 on Saturday December 3, at 1 p. m. Get permits in C. E. 102. —POTT.
WILL WHOEVER traded black overcoat of Alpacuna fabric purchased at Block’s with similar coat purchased at Ayres please call at Union Manager’s office to arrange exchange.
LOST AND FOUND FOUND—Money near Young’s Grocery Tuesday. Loser call Williamson '8444 and identify.
C. E. 21: The examination to remove t rade C in C. E. 21 will be given in room 01 of the C. E. building on Saturday, December 8, from 1 to 4 p. m. Please consult me in advance. —SONBSON.
Rif lery: Monday, November 28, 6:16 p. m.. Ward 4 : 7:00 p. m.. Ward 1; 7:46 p, m., WRH (North) : 8:30 p. m., Thaeles. , —SMITH.
Co-ed Debate: Meeting in Library Saturday, November 26, at 1 p. m. ^All members of squad please be present. —WINCH.
LOST—Black leather jacket in Student Health Service Friday afternoon. Call 6226.
Rifle: Meeting Tuesday, November 29, at 4 p. m. in the Fjeldhouse for those interested in using the i-ange 8 to 6 p. m. daily. —CLBVETT.
Notices
Purdue Riflemen: An open meeting will be held Wednesday, November 30, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union tower room. Purpose of the meeting is to make tournament arrangements and to establish a temporary organization. —FAIRBANKS.
ME 61, ME 62: Make-up examination for removing conditions will be held in room 301 on Saturday, December 17, at 1 p. m. All who wish to take this make-up must see me not later than December 10. —BINDER.
ClassiHed Ads
Scrivener: Bring all outstanding subsciiptions to Dr. Sutcliffe or myself by Satuiday, December 3 Don’t forget the cash. —PAARLBERG.
PEW—All girls in PEW 61, 63, and 66 must have posture conferences. Make appointments with instructor Immediately. (11-26) —HAZELTON. Concert Choir: Important rehearsal Saturday, November 26, at 2 p. m. in Fowler Hall. —CODDINGTON.
Forestry Club: Important meeting Tuesday, November 29, at Hort auditorium. Moving pictures will be shown and refreshments will be served Everyone be present. —GLAZEBROOK.
Co-ed Bowlers: Tournamenf postponed until Wednesday, November 80. —STOCKER.
Men’s Bowling: Tournament postponed from Thanksgiving until Thursday, December 1. —WILLIAMSON.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, Novembei 29, at 7 30 in room C of the Union. —McINTOSH.
POMM: Those members wishing keys sign up in supply room by Saturday, November 26. Price will be deducted from cadet pay. —DONOVAN.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—1931 Ford sport coupe. Water heater. Good condition. Call 3016. Hansell.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, lented, and repaired. New portable machines as low
Reamer Club: Meeting Monday, November 28, at 8 p. m in room F of the Union Please bung passports. —JACKS.
Purdue Engineer Business Staff: All members meet Monday afternoon, November 28, at 4 p. m. in the office. Your attendance is your indication of your interest in the magazine —BEHRENDS.
Tau Beta Pi: National President’s banquet Saturday, November 26, at 6:00 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Actives, alumni, and pledges are requested to be present. —SMITH.
Agronomy Students: Meeting in Room B of the Union Tuesday, November .29, at 7 :30 p. m. Guests and faculty invited. —FLANAGAN.
C. E. 6 (Surveying) : Examination for removal of condition will be held in C. E
University Orchestra: No rehearsal this week. (11-26) —PHILLIPS.
ATURALLY you'd expect finer Dry Cleaning from Crown!
From a firm who had been in fhe dry cleaning field as long as CROWN, you would expect to receive the utmost in scientific service. NATURALLY you would expect fine service— NATURALLY we would not disappoint you.
mam
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
First Church of Christ, Scientist 9:30—Sunday school. 11:00—Lesson Sermon. Wednesday evening testimonial meeting at 8 in reading rooms 66 and 67 at the Loan and Trust Building. All are Welcome.
Just M Second^
Mr. Merchant
As stated by a prominent Purdue University Official, the students at Purdue spend $6,000,000 a year. Are you getting your share? ? REMEMBER—these same students read the Exponent daily.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT BUSINESS PHONE 5038