\
‘ 'I’ '-Ss''-'W
V,.-Vy ' * j:.. *' ‘S' I ' Y r"'^" '
j ■(' V.“>'0, - ;.V: V, \ ' *<,'/ '’
''k' ‘ '"" >'•"
' ’ zK
t
'/'■
f ‘ it
Sophomore Edition
’ • 'yt''■'’'k'^'k
Police Gazette 4On Sale at West Desk—campus this morning at 8. Price 5 tents. Get it early or you won't get it at all.'^
Voltune 52, No. 82
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, December 14 1940
— From All Fronts — Toda/s Summary Of War Nms .
Chicaso Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London is discussing the appointment of a successor to Lord Lothian, for it is felt a new ambassador must be named at once in view of the war situation. Among names mentioned there are Anthony Eden, lord Halifax, Sir Percy Lorraine, Sir •Walter Citrihe, and Richard Casey, now Australian minister.
Wm. A. Hanley. ME 11. Mugs And Molis Trip Light
Receives Trusteeship
The capture of Porto Palermo, on the Albanian coast, was announced yesterday in Athens. A captured Italian officer was quoted as saying that the Italian command was considering making ..an offer of an armistice.
Thursday night’s raid on Sheffield, English steel center of 500,000 population, ,was greater from the standpoint of striking power than the attack on Coventry, Berlin reported. The British said some buildings were destroyed and roads blocked. '
The historic Drury Lane theater, scene of the triumphs of Nell Gynne, is listed among the London buildings damaged by Nazi bombs. JBut, cables Robert J. Casey in describing the wreckage, so long as it stands it will never be free of the memories of David Garrick, John Kemble, Fanny Kemble and Mrs. Siddons.
William A. Hanley, ME '11, director of engineering for Eli Lilly and Company of Indianapolis, has been named a trustee of the University by Governor M. Clifford Townsend, according to-word received yesterday by President Edward C. Elliott. He had been nominated by' the Purdue Alumni Association subject to the Governor’s approval and will assume his duties at once^ succeeding J. Emmett Hall, (5E ’06, Who resigned in September after serving 13 years.
Upon graduation from the Uni-
versity, Hanley went to work at Lilly’s and has been there ever since, gradually working up to his present position. In 1938 he was awarded the honorary degree of doctor of engineering by the University for his outstanding accomplishments in the engineering field, which included pioneer work in industrial air conditioning and improvement of methods in drug manufacturing. Last Friday he was installed as president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers at the annual
convention in New York City. Member Of SPE Fraternity Hanley has two daughters who
have attended the University. Jean graduated from the school of home economics in 1937, and Louise was formerly a student here. Mrs. Hanley was Miss Ira McGrath of Lafayette before her marriage. Fraternity circles recognize Hanley for the plan of financing which he worked out several years ago for the Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity of which he
is a member, f.i.j.
Fantastic In Bowery Setting
9 W./I.Z-Z/IA/LEY
Several thousand more prisoners, including two generals, have been taken by British forces pursuing the Italians toward the Libyan boundary, the official Cairo communique relates today. The Italian high command reports that a battle is raging in a desert sandstorm between Sidi Barrani and the border.
“British claims of disastrous advance over the western front of Egypt, with 20,000 prisoners taken in and around Sidi Barrani, are not conceded by the Fascist government,” radios John T. Whitaker from Rome. “But the Italian public is warned of heavy losses, 'increasing viscissitudes and- hard days ahead.”
“It is apparent that Churchill regards British success in the desert as the turning point in this phase of the African war,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick from London. “Otherwise, he would not have spoken so ’ confidently of the acute anxieties felt over Egypt, three months ago, being now removed.”
The Duke of Windsor, who fiew to be the guest of President Roosevelt aboard the cruiser Tuscaloosa, is mentioned in gossip emanating from Miami as the next British ambassador to the United States.^
Boilermakers Stage Free Dance Monday Monday afternoon campaigning capers will be continued at a tea dance sponsored by the Boilermakers, student political party,^in the south ballroom of the Union. Refreshments will be served and a magician and a ventriloquist will entertain the dancers. The four beauty queens will be hostesses at the affair and party delegates will be on hand to meet and greet every-
one.
All' students are invited to attend this free danCe from 4 to 6:30 o’clock. Music for dancing will be furnished by recordings, p.a.h. Kappa Delta Pi . . . education honorary, heard A. P". Stewart speak on “Music Appre'ciation” last Tuesday in the Union. CHANGE OF SCHOOLS Students who expect to change from one school within the University to another at the end of the present semester are advised to obtain the necessary blanks at once from the Registrar’s office. B. B. Stone, Registrar.
Former Student Makes Good In Pursuit Of Activity In Speech And Play Production
By Martha Jane Fox Here’s one example of an extra•curricular activity that became a paying hobby. On the Playshop .directing staff there is one Purdue graduate, Sam Marks. Sam, as he wants to be known to students, graduated from the University in automotive engineering and studied post-graduate work in speech and psychology of education. He came to this campus from northern Indiana where he made dramatics his hobby. Whenever Playshop needed any ^ueer gadget for a play, Sam was called upon and he always managed to get exactly the right touch. Besides being the principal problemsolder, Sam directed a Laboratory play, one summer show and staged two of the summer shows. For his excellent ability he received a medal for precting talent at the annual
Stage, Stump, Studio banquet last spring. Other Activities lyBAA was another of his activities while a student on the campus, and through this, he was awarded the Southworth script-writing prize. Sam directed the Radio Stage for two years. Sam has practically moved his bed and trunk pver to Fowler Hall but his official residence is in town. He teaches a few speech classes and is now directing his first major production, “What A Life.” ^■ A member of Theta Alpha Phi, national dramatics honorary, and Sigma Nu, social fratemityj Sana is very active in all of the Playshop productions. He has spent all of his five years at the University in this work,
Lothian Death Causes Sorrow Over All Britain By Helen Kirkpatrick SPECIAL CABLE To the Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Ins. London, Dec. 13—The sorrow felt by all Englishmen and Americans in Great Britain at the death of Lord Lothian is a moving tribute both to the man and to the country to which he was accredited. If further ^ tribute were needed, it would be found in the bewilderment felt here at finding anyone to succeed him. There have been many men with as distinguished careers as Philip Kerr, but few whose deaths caused such a deep sense of loss. Probably one of the few remaining Liberals—in the true sense of the word—Lord Lothian worked throughout his lifetime in consistently constructive ways for the realization of democratic ideals and international understanding, based on sound principles. Under Milner, he helped pave the way for selfgovernment in South Mrica. Worked For Lasting Peace ^ Much of his life was devoted to efforts to secure lasting peace, although, paradoxically, his best work was done for his country when it was at war. As David Lloyd George’s right-hand man, he played an important role at Versailles, yet later he was loudest in criticism of many aspects of the peace treaty. Lately, he was bitterly attacked as an appeaser because he had worked for years for Anglo-German understanding. All over London kst night discussions were proceeding on the selection of a new ambassador who' must be appointed at once, in view of the fact that the next weeks and months are regarded as the crucial period of the ^ar. Anthony Eden, Lord Halifax, Sir Percy Lorraine, Richard Casey, Australian minister to Washington; Sir Walter Citrine and' Sir Robert Vansittart are names suggested. Lloyd George and Lord Beaverbrook are mentioned; the former is rumored principally because he is so well known, but the latter is not seriously thought of here.
Three Little Maids
. . , from the senior class, left to right. Merle Hagemeyer, Jean Jones and Frances Kramer, selected by the SDX at last night’s Boilermaker’s Brawl as the “Stuff Queens of 1940,” for top honors in classy personal appearance, personality and general “oomph.”
Parties Issue Platforms For Committee Elections
THE PROGRESSIVE PARTY Since the selection of any band and the contract for the same must be approved by the auditor of student organizations, and since no definite commitments on any name bands can be gotten much sooner than 30 days in advance from the booking offices, we, the Progressive party, are making no premature and rash promises about band selection. Nor can any ^ person or party any more advance commitments and live up to them. Instead, the most any committee can do is to keep in touch with the booking offices through the student auditor in order to get the earliest releases. We, the Progressive party, will do our utmost to sign the most popular band avail-
able. I
In this campaign it is not our aim to carry out extensive political ballyhoo. We are not going to the added expense of sponsoring a tea dance, nor do we plan an elaborate parade, for we realize that neither would add to a successful Prom. Instead, we have emphasized the more sound and reliable' criterion—^that of selecting candidates whose activity reputations are uncontested, and who have already demonstrated their abilities to plan first-rate dances on the Purdue campus through major campus activity experience. We know of no more sound basis upon which a build a successful Prom. ' Further, not only have we emphasized the selection of adequately experienced candidates* but we have selected them on the basis of a full and complete representation of the entire student bo^y. Our candidates represent not only organized students, but also the different groups of independents as well. Again, we know of no fairer method of repre-
sentation.
In view of these considerations we, the Progressive party, submit the following platform for your consideration: We will: 1. Make no promises j^t cannot be met later, instead, we will present the plain facts at all times. 2. Publish a weekly account of all activities and progress of the Pirom
THE BOILERMAKER PARTY Not wishing to include in our platform any planks which we could not faithfully fulfill, we, the Boilermaker party, do here present to the campus the kesrwork of our endeavors—Satisfaction. Oiu* method is hard work, common sense and recognition of student opinion in contrast to the fanciful imagination and false hopes used by other parties in years past. Consequently our platform is short and to the point. 1. We will exert our greatest efforts in the selection of a band, realizing that the students are more interested in obtaining a nationally famous band for this “dance of the year” than in casually admiring elaborate and expensive decorations. 2. The selection of the Prom Queen will be by ballot in the Jun-
ior Class.
3. The Prom committee chairman /will be the candidate having the greatest number of votes. 4. The Gala Week program as " presented by the committee will he enjoyed by the students, and cherished by the alumni. 6. The Prom committee will endeavor to have the Prom band placed on a national jradio network from the Union ballrooms. During the present campaign and the SAA election last spring, the Boilermaker party inaugurated two new campaign methods: the political rally and parade successfully introduced last May, and its modern successor, tbe tea dance, which will be held Monday iJi the Union ballroom. The Boilermaker party will do all in its power to continue to conceive such unique plans in order to present the University with the most enjoyable and memorable Jpnior Prom and Gala Week in the history of Purdue.
committee in the Exponent. 3. Plan a more publicized Gala .
Week with more definite action. COFfBfIhll
4. Represent all student groups in
our planning of a Prom and not just
a narrow group.
Straight-forwardness and complete publicity of all our activities is
our policy.
'Stuii Queens* Award Prizes
By Fred Jones Swinging and jiving to the schitillating rhythm of Nat Towles and his orchestra, all colors, sizes, and assorted descriptions of eds and co-eds tickled the boards in the south ballroom last night at that gala event, the annual Sigma Delta Chi Riveters’ Rassle. Staggering in through the main door, the attenders were smote by the overwhelming and soothing desire to indulge in a little highspirits. On the right was “Ye OT Progressive Tavern” while their rivals were set up across the drag at “Ye Old Boilermaker Bawdy Bar.” Both joints featured a "bar, naturally, and tables firxed in the well-known style with checkered cloths, candles Jn bottles, ,and. the customary signs, juke boxes, and ' dim red-lighted atmosphere. Free refreshments hwaited the earnest party supporters as they jammed their way through; the swinging doors with whidh eabh saloon was equipped. The Progressive menu consisted of root beer (the pikers) and pop com while the Boilermakers supplied hard cider and chewing gum to their more liquid supporters. Gay Nineties Costumes ' Costumes ranged from backwods getups to city slicker stuckups. Bowery witches in short, revealing and tight-fitting ibesses, seductive black stockings, and With plenty of the Purdue co-ed paint were the ultra-super in style. Sly and similating glances towards the bare legs, subtle knees (Continued on page 4) TonigM's HIxer Gives Cokes To Lucky DanceK Bob McEittrick and his band wBl furnish the swing for tonighPs regular Union mixer in the soutb ballroom from 9 till 12 o’clock. Feature of the evening will be free refreshments in the Sweet Shop or Grin through the courtesy of the Student Union for those lucky couples receiving certain stamped pass-out
checks.
McKittrick is from;;IndianapoBs and has played at the ^umbia dub, Indianapolis Athletic dUb and the Indianapolis Country dob, as wdl as for several fratenuties’ state ' -dances. Induded in this latter group are Ddta Delta Ddta, Delta Gamma, Kappa Alpha Theta and Sigma
Chi. f.i.j.
Kappa Delta Rho . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: Anthony A. Tankowdd, prudent; William J. Slone, vice-pres.; Alvin W. Grefrath, rudi diairman;: David L. Fye, secretary; Donald W.
Woodward, steward; Robert Gk.
Carpenter, corresponding secretary; William E. Trombley,- house man?
ager; Burton C. Hinei^e, elia:^ain; *
William M. Clark, sexgeant-ut-arms; Charles 4 Kennedy, sociiad chairman; Will^ jr. We^ldw, atti-
letic manager.
The following men have hW pledged; Richmond ML Griffith, Nashville^ and Khirood G. Rogers,
Indianapolis.
Due Wthe fact that m Velmmw j29 ia expected before 1944 Sophomore CotjOhmi haa beep adlMdiM for February 28, not 19 aa aife iV
UQunced yoatenbiy in* i >•>
^31*1
vii
Decen&ber 14, 1940
fijuJiduA. ^xfu^nanL
The ^th Colmnn
We notieed this morning in onr paper that the army is laying plans for a hew air fleet employing superbombctrs. These new planes will compare with our flying fortreasee about like we’d stack up beside the '^Superman.” That’s swell. But there’s one thing wrong with tiM planes. They’re on paper.
Of course that has its advantages, too. It’s cheaper to build them just on paper. And if we get a few draftsmen, it ought to be easy to make 50,000 a week. But th^ main advantage as we see it is that... AdolTe anti-aircraft guns can’t shoot them down.
The army went through some extra special maneuvers yesterday down at Fort Benning. The first armored division of ten ^thousand men ate breakfast at Fort Benning, then rode ninety miles to Abbeville and Blakely where they settted down for the night. According to Brig. General George S. Patton, who commands the division, it’s great, it’s wonderful, and it’s a darn sight better than Adolf can do. We think so, too. It’s just what we’ve been needing, and now we’re going to pray That the administration doesn’t give them away to England before we need them.
Getting around to Mussolini and his woes, we see where he has developed a bad case of “retreating” trouble. It’s not enough that his vaunted “Legions of Death” have to skedaddle out of Albania, but now they’re running out of Egypt. If they keep it up, they ought to be in training for the Olympics.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered h aeeond eUuu nutter «t the poet office in Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Oongreae of March 8, 1878, and at the apeeial rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act <ff October 8,1917, authorised January SO, 1922. PnUished daily escept Monday daring the regnUv academic year and weekly daring the Summer Session. Delivered locally hy carrier for fS.OQ per year, mall subscription $8.50. Edltor-in-^ef B. W. Donahne Business Mavagsr Merle Hagemersr
News Editor
Publication Staff
J. TB. McKee D. K. Heiple
Manasring Editor ... m..
Associate Editors: W.. B. Heaton, M. A. Oehiltree, J. A. Pureetl, L. W. Buflner, R. M. Skallemp, J. L, Trangotk
Business Staff
Local Advertising Managen: D. S. Powers, O. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, 0. F. Danglemajer; Aeeonnts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Misnager, R. M.
Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff
Editor Beth Simpeon Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Siess.
Sports Staff Editor ~ — _ J, P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inei, College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: AUanson Day Editor: Chatfleld Issue Editor: Brophy Night Sports Editor: Fraser Workers: P. I. Jones, E. W McCullough, R L Hadley, J H Armstrong, R S Kolb, W. M. Clark, E G. Kieper, R A Tewksbury, C A. Stoeckel, E W. Nordlinger, J Ramsdell, P. A. Howard, M J. Fox, M L Boynton, M L Losey, A Worsley, O T Clark, B C Young, D W Meier, J S Keeler.
bad it’s not transparent. We think that.. . It would make Adolf awfully nervous to see a bomb come down out of nowhere. * * «
We see that some plane manufacturer designed a plane made of glass. And it’s practical. It’s not all glass. Just the fabric which is made of glass cloth. It’s too
It must be great to be an elephant. We read about one out in Denver that got a cold. So it got a toddy. We wonder if it sees pink men?—ola
Today
Letter To The Editor
. . . the Exponent sophomores put out their annual sophomore edition. This paper was published entirely by the sophomores who wrote the stories, heads, and features; did all the copy and proof reading; and designed the make-up. Full cooperation was extended by sophomores of the editorial, co-ed, and sports staff, who wrote the stories and columns usually written by the junior and seniors members of the staff. We wish to take this opportunity to thank everybody who worked with us and to say that we really appreciated their help, o.l.a.
Dear Mr. Editor:
British Report Great Advance; Mussolini Boasts Of Strength
Student Senate Needs Typists
By John T. Whitaker SPECIAL RADIO To tbe Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc.
Rome, Dec. 13—^British claims of a disastrous advance over the western desert of Egypt, with 20,000 prisoners taken in and around Sidi Barrani, are not conceded by the Fascist government, but the Italian public is warned of heavy losses, increasing vicissitudes and hard days ahead. Simultaneously, there is a campaign of incrimination against Italians who read or listen to British announcements.
“At the Libyan frontier,” says today’s communique, “in the zone beWeen Solium and Sidi Barrani, and also in the desert to the southeast, the battle between our troops and armored columns continued violently yesterday as our troops fought with great valor.” Since Dec. 9, 18 British and 12 Italian planes are reported shot down. Thus, the communique admits that the Italians are engaged in a desperate battle all the way from Sidi Barrani, 60 miles up the Egyptian coast to Solium, the first town before the Libyan frontier. There is no effort, consequently, to minimize the seriousness of the fighting, which ,even in yesterday’s communique, was said to have caused considerable losses to both armies. It is admitted, moreover, that B^tish columns have reached the zone of the Libyan frontier. Premier Mussolini boasted in a public speech that Italy was strong enough to stand the truth and that Italian communiques alone were honest. The propaganda ministry emphasizes that fascism preferred to be late with news, but certain of the accuracy of reports, and foreign observers here are impressed that in the invasion of Greece the FtiBCfst government acknowledged the dtjiill both of Koritza and of Argh^ohastro, two key headquarters towns in Albania. The press hae had a series of articles by Giovanni editor of Count Ciano’s Telegrafo of Leidiom; and others, warning the Italian public that wars are never easy and that no one had promised them a swift victory.
Student Senate yesterday announced that the Senate’s clearing house for tutors and typists could accommodate several more persons All undergraduate and graduate students in the University may register as tutors. The Senate has set a uniform rate for this work at 60 cents an hour. The Senate will act as intermediary between student and typist for the typing service. Charges for this work will be set at four cents for a double-spaced page, eight cents for a single-spaced page and 10 cents for a tabulated page. Students interested in registering for either type of work should do so at once. The Student Senate office is open each evening from 4 to 5:30 o’clock, Monday through Friday, r.s.k.
Last year there was quite a large Christmas tree in one corner of the Great Hall of the Union. Wher4 is that tree this year? I see that the rest of the normal Unioh decorations have been hung, but without the large central tree, the building looks like a picture with the center of interest gone, like a play with only supporting characters on the stage. The average student is usually so I concerned with the matter of that test just past that one just ahead or that highly unpredictable quantity, the West Lafayette weather, that the matter of Christmas being less than two weeks away just have a chance to register. Nothing quite suggests that spirit like a well decorated Christmas tree. I notice that there is a small tree in the Sweet Shop, but somehow it doesn’t take the place of the big one Was it a lack of funds that is responsible for there not being a tree this year, or is it missing just because some Union junior vice president wasn’t on the ball? r s.k. ’43.
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
• ABDn><^ FIRST RUN NEWS
—SUNDAY-MONDAY^ BISCUIT EATER
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE
THE HAPPIEST SHOW You'll See This Yearl
ansa
NEAGLE MILUND
rene
lolaiidY0UH6*Alon MARSHAL MayROBSOH^BHHtlURKE
ktkmmarn
— TODAY — TWO FIRST RUN HITS!
THE SAINT TAKES OVER' PhUS
The Ratio
3.93 1 -a .. to 1
Heard an interesting fact about the Scabbard and Blade pin merger of Bonnie Swope and Capt. M. Hunter Smith the other day. Smitty began dating Bonnie seven years ago, long before high school and everything else, evidently. Well, that’s real perseverence for you.
Here’s the success story of one girl who went in for rush in the right frame of mind and knowing what she wanted. She’s telling her friends these days that she pledged Kappa because the Kappas are sophisticated and she is sophisticated, too. Kappas please note. The gal’s name is Rosemary Luber.
Somebody thought up a yell for the engineers, so in order not to make the Ag students feel neglected the Debris business staff, namely Bill Lancet, Boh Adams and Mary Jane Burton, among others, thought
up this yell for the cow chasers:
“Follow the plow, milk the cow. Harvest the grain, remember the Maine, Shear the sheep, we can’t he heat. Yea Purdue, moo, moo, moo.” Pretty good, don’t you think ? At least it kept the activity shots busy for a while.
Heard an interesting rumor the other day that Betty Ann McCreary had taken ATO Johnny Goll’s pin. According to this rumor, she returned it the next day. Guess maybe she was just trying it out. Betty Ann just doesn’t seem the type to take a pin, so we doubt if the rumor is true, or maybe she just couldn’t stand to break all the rest of her men’s hearts.
You know, I’ve come to the conclusion that there just isn’t any hope for any of us living very long. I reached this conclusion when I discovered that there are 231,400 railroad crossings in these United States. Think what that does to the law of averages. Gad, we might just as well go out and shoot ourselves right now.
Well, as the Ags say, “Yours for better mooing, so long.”
LUMA
—SUNDAY - MONDAY
LAST DAY — 2 HITS
DON BARRY — IN — 'FRONTIER VENGENCE"
ALSO
BABY SANDY — IN —
'SANDY GETS HER MAN'
GRIN
By Lichty
“Does that answer your question what that medal's for ?"
University Club Members
Will Meet Monday In llnion
University club’s informal guest night party will be held Monday evening in the Union. Card playing will be featured in the faculty lounges under the direction of Professor Edward F. Degering. At 9 o’clock dancing will begin in both ballrooms with music by Maliry Mahn’s orchestra. Prof. Philena Palmer, vice president of the club, is in charge of refreshments. At 9:80 o’clqpk"^ the Cqry Hall glee club, directed by Richard Crowder, will sing in the ballroom- e.w.m.
tended a conference on teacher training in physical education in Indianapolis yesterday. Miss Hazelton was on a panel discussion of the responsibilities of teacher training institutions in preparing physical education teachere.
SLIGHTLY USED
PHONOGRAPH
RECORDS
LATEST POPULAR TUNES
10^
Helen Hazelton
. . . head of the department of physical education for women, at-
WMtBDiR&sunymff
IMHBm
STARTS TOMORROW
Icmidaetf I was soro-»"
HERBERYMARSHAU'JAMES STEPHENSON mtOA Moeon • «*u toMoatAAiP
LAST DAY.
EAST OF THE "'RIVER .«*» JOHN OARNELD fBRENOA MARSHAL
MENTION THIS ADD AND GET 3 for 25c
JUDY STEPS OUT ... in Geo. M. Cohan's Great Broadway Musical Show!
Her first thrilling hit since “Strike Up The Band!
REORGEHLROllMrs fIREAT RfACE fllTl
HEIUEKEUY
ITMUMS]
STARTS
GARIANB
with
TODAY
George IVIURPHY Gharlee WINMINGEil^
MlJI-C-N Pictme
GIV J “AMERICAN” BRllJjlANT GIFTS BUT PRACTICAL, TOO I
Gift problems are easily solved by selecting “American” crystalwares for every gift-giving occasion. No gift is more exquisiteiy beautiful or so moderately priced ... none with a more riMnantic past or a more brilliant future. Bach “American” piece is an authentic reproduction of that quaint pattern which for generations has symbolized friendly colonial hospitality. Modem “American” in this traditional motif has no equal in glassware popularity. Nor does any glassware offer a under selection. You may choose from 175 individual pieces. Some single items coqt as little as SQc. Entire luncheon sets are at pdoee planned fof: economy without sacrifice of quality or good taste. Whether you buy for “keep#’* or purchase to givei be sure to see our displays of “Atncrican” crystalwares.
Toiletries
Street Floor
^ r|^ If t ■»
/ « i- M-f
u B#;' / i “
ri j, V*^ I
Z ¥
'X
^ H ^ f % ^ ^ tji
/ j
S<|il]ittdcQr, Dd^mb^r t4« 1940
fijDuu 3 *^SiUihJtA
t ‘ iil£
Me0t the Team Pretientiiig... Miekey Tierney
M^T«;iiHg up for lack of height with lots of aggressiveness, Tierney is probahlSf <^e of the best known men of this year’s net contingent. Mickey’s ^60 pounds and five feet, ten inches of height make him one of the stockiest men on the sqund. A junior in the science school and a member of Phi Gamma Delta fv9.temity, Tierney made quite a reputation for himself last year as one of the niftiest ball handlers on the Boilermaker team. All-Around Athlete During his high school career at St. George in Svanston, Illinois, Tierney was a member of the team which during his junior year won a third place in the National Catholic hardwood tourney. Showing that his athletic ability is not limited to basketball he won his numerals in baseball in his freshman year here on the Boilermaker campus. Bom in Chicago in 1^20 Tierney still considers the Windy City as home. Although not very definite about his plans after leaving school, Mickey seems to think he would like to teach school. Honoring his instructors by showing this desire to follow in their footsteps, he states that he would prefer to teach some subject other than physical educa- • tion. Marion Russell . . . assistant professor of the department of physical education for womeU) will speak before the meeting of the Indiana Student Health Association at Indiana university today. Her topic is “Remedial Work in Physical Education.’’
Pf^ure Defense Explainetj By Piggy By Ted Clark Since the opening of basketball season, much discussion has been circulatiiig about the campus concerning a system of play which is generally unfamiliar to the casual sport fan. This system, commonly known as the pfessute defense, is advanced by Piggy Lambert as a method of protecting his charges from the scoring onslaughts of opponents who use certain types of offensive maneuvers. We were curious to know a little about the intricacies of the plan, so yesterday afternoon we consulted that sage of tAe basketball court. Ward Lambert. Lambert Brainchild Unlike the zone and man-to-man defenses, this Lambert brainchild can not be effectively used on any and all quintets. As Piggy so aptly put it, “When a team doe^ not use the fast break, we use the pressure defense to force them to break fast In other words, we attempt to force the action.’**’ “Many team^* who work the ball down the fioor slowly are thrown off balance when we make them work to gain control of the ball,” continued Piggy. He further said that loss of endurance is a hazard to opposing players who are not trained for speed, when they find themselves confronted with pressure. Put The Pressure On Piggy teaches his boys to eliminate the blocks of a closed defensive formation with long passes. In the same manner, he tries to force the opposition to use long passes by applying the pressure and thereby increases the likeliliood of interceptions. When his lads can force the action, they, naturally, are afforded more space on the playing floor as a result of opening up the defense The pressure type of defense was first given serious consideration in 1937-38 in the days of Jewell Yoimg,
‘Te// Him Fll Meet Him at the UNION CAFETERIA'
The Union Cafeteria— one of the biggest, best equipped cafeterias in Indiana. —Economical Too—
JhsL fiWtduSL TnsuvuyuaL Unmnu The Comer of the Campus-^ Y^t the Center of Activities
H«pburn Announces ice Hockey Arena Plan For Students The big break for ice hockey plajrers and fans is at hqnd. A movement is under way to form a hockey club on the campus. All who are interested are urged to call Bill Hepburn at once. The ice at the Indiailapolis Coliseum has beeA obtained for the club’s use tomorrow night after the Indianapolis Capitol’s league game. This club IS being formed with the idea of making it the nucleus of perhaps a varsity club some time in the future It is a great chance ^or all enthusiasts of the “fastest game in the world.” Lack of skates will be no handicap. Any and all interested should call Hepburn at 5021 before noon tomorrow. Tickets will be furnished for the Capitols’ clash prior to the workouts. e.c.y. Meredith Club Adeets Monday Virginia C Meredith club will hold a general business meeting on Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Home Economics auditorium Jane Blank, the ofiicial representative of the club to the national convention in Cleveland, O., last June will present her report. Jean Hinshaw will present a report on the state convention at Indiana university last November. A program, the singing of Christmas carols and refreshments have been planned for the meeting. Agnes McCulloch will preside at the meeting and Marjorie Williamson is in charge of the program, mil
Johnnie Sines and Pat Malaska. However, it can not be used on a team that employs the fast break with any marked success. In conclusion, Piggy gave us an insight into the arguments of the enemies of his fast break system. He explained that there are many opportunities for mistakes in this method of play and the hazards of missing passes and shots are sometimes serious. Nevertheless, he knows from experience that the training of a team in that type of play will eventually assert its superiority.
two
S
ophs ay
By Jim Fraser and Ted Clark With the brain tijusts of our little journal out rubbing beards at the Rassle, the “daily blah” has fallen into a precarious position with the unfamiliar hands of the sophomore staff pulling the editorial levers. 'However, perhaps our youthful gushings will be enough of a novelty to warrant forgiveness for our mistakes That is, if you can find them! —S-S— In browsing through the various campus dailies that clutter the office, our attention was focused upon the Fordham all-opponent team as it appeared in the Fordham Daily Ram. Of course, it is to be expected that Dave Rankin would be a fixture in the spot labeled “L E.” However, two other Riveter forwards were selected as the best in their respective positions. They are Tommy Melton and Ted Axton. This is a definite feather in the cap of these two lads in view of the tough intersectional schedule played by the Maroons. So 1941 Co-captain Tommy and durable Kentuckian Ted really have something on the ball—all of which only serves to prove our previous convictions —S-S— It has always seemed to us that the Cleveland Indians have the uncanny faculty of assembling the most temperatmental bunch of ball players in the game. If a player isn’t affected with prima-dona instincts when he joins the club, those members in long standing soon make him that way, i e , Bobby Feller At the recent meeting of the major league trading session, Gerald Walker became a member-in-good-standing of the Cleveland Cry Babies. Now Gee isn’t particularly good at griping, one of the Ohioans’ favorite pastimes, but Alva Bradley, et al, should take care of that. However, he is a plajdful chap, with two of his cuter tricks bemg his affinity for being picked off first base or getting trapped on the base paths Truly, Gee Walker is in his element. —S-S— In one of our weaker moments, we dragged the adding machine from its musty case upd after tickling its nbs for a few moments, it kicked^ out the following interesting results concerning the top men in
J
A GAIA NCW FRAGRANCe BY
cjCentk (
eric
Myriad mOlti-toned Rakes of confetti whirling In a mad tumultuous shower of color chaos! The merrymakers! synonym for giddy revelry, formula for fun and frolic, definition far festivltyl UNTHiiuc’s "Cohletti" gives you a whiri with gaiety, ia^ vites you to be carefree and light-hearted, initiates you into the coterie of the frivolous! Presented in a ruffled flacon with a glau sculptured bow pertly knotted an top. $1.50 to $55
Toiletfiet
Sti^t Floor
Boilermakers Drop Squash Hatches With Indianapolis AC; Play In Chicago Today Coach Merton Glevett’s racquet-wielders dropped their second match of the season yesterday afternoon as they were vanquished by the Indianapolis Atldotic Club, Ct-4 in the Capital City. This defeat evened their season record at two wins — and two losses.
Sixteen 75 MM Squads To Compete Thursday Distinguished gun squad competition with 75 mm. guns will be held on the drill floor of the Armory at 7 o’clock next Thursday evening, December 19 "Sixteen squads of two juniors and eight sophomores each will be competing for the medals and citations offered by the military department. The exhibition will be open to the public. Squads will be judged on appearance of the personnel, knowledge of the care and functioning of the weapon, and gun drill and service of the piece in firing. Guns used this year are the French 75’s instead of the 155 mm. Howitzers used in previous contests. Juniors in each squad will act as the executives and assistant executives while the sophomores will serve as section chiefs, gunners, cannoneers and truck drivers. All work in these squads has been voluntary and has extended through two practices a week for a period of over two months. Instruction was given by the jumors. f.i.j. Dr. Sears Will Preside At History Conference Dr. L. M. Sears, of the history, economics and government department, will preside over the college teachers’ breakfast of the Indiana History Conference at the Indianapolis Athletic club this morning at 8:30 o’clock. 'The breakfast is part of the second day’s program of the twenty-second annual History Conference. / / the Riveter basket-making department. —S-S— ' FG FT Total Sprowl 15 7 37 Blanken 10 7 27 Igney 8 1 17 Neutzel 6 1 13 Blemker 4 0 8 Riley 2 3 7 Tierney 2 2 6 Galvin 3 0 6 Korschot 3 0 6 President Elliott . . . returned to the campus yesterday after a trip to Baltimore and Washington. In Baltimore 'Tuesday he addressed the annual convention of jthe American Farm Bureau and on Wednesday he spoke at a reception in Washington honoring Secretary of Agriculture Claude R. Wickard.
Close, Anyway Most of the contests were close and hard fought. For the Riveters, Goldstein, Fant, Kalbfleish and Adams notched victories. Fant and Adams won their laurels three games to one, #hile the other two men were forced to five games to triumph. In an effort to get back on the victory path the squad will motor to Chicago today where they are slated to fight on two fronts. At 2-30 the Evanston YMCA will furnish the opposition on the nmrtliem front. Then the contmgent will move southward to the Bfidway where the Umversity of Chicago’s squash team will take the courts against the roving Riveters 'This battle commences at seven o’clock. Five Men Travel Coach Clevett has annoimced that the following men will make the trip to the Windy City: Captain Mann, McMillan, Adams, Goldstein, and Kalbfleish. ec.y.
7*00 7:16 8.Q0 8.16 7 00 7:16 8 QO 7 00 7 16 8:00 8 16 7 00
Intramural Sports SQUASH Saturday, December 14 1 00 p m Sigma Pi vs Sigma Chi. Kappa Alpha vs Kappa Sigma December 10 7 00 p. m. Alpha Taa Qmega vs Sigma Pi or Sigma
Chi
Pi Kappa Alpha or Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Fh^ Kpsilon or Pi Kappa Phu
BASKKTBAIX
Monday, December 10
Cpqptl—H. Young
Ward 28 vs. Ward 4 Sail 1 vs Gary Hall 13
Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 14
Ward 84 vs Ward 0 Court 2—Jim Sbaw Ward 32 vs Ward 8
Carp Hah 8 va. Cary KU 6 Carr ¥(a]l 4 vs Cary HbH 0
Court 8—^BL Goldstein
Gary Hall 7 vs. Cory Kdl 12 Cary Ball 8 vs Cary £ll 10 Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 11
Ward 87 vs Ward H
Court 4—J. McCarthy - - _ Ward 89 vs Ward 13 7:16 Ward til vs. Ward 22
8 00 Delta Tan Delta vs Lambda Chi
Alpha.
8 16 Ward 14 vs Ward 24 Campus Varieties On Air From EE Building Twiay Campus Varieties will be broadcast from the WBAA studios in the Electrical Engineering BuRdingthis afternoon from 3 to 4 o’clock instead of from the ballroom of the Union as was the procedure until recently. 'The program vrill feature the regular cast including Betty Erick, Joyce Burnham, Bill Fall, Don Brinkerhoff and other “special guests.” Music will be recordings by popular bands in general. Today’s program will be the last one until after vacation with only one planned for then, on January 11. Future programs will also be held in the Electrical Engineering Building until WBAA is settled in its new quarters in the HaU of Music, e.w.m.
the Purdue Expouent
Service Directory 1
• Sclieol Supplies
• Professionel
DEACS Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic OR.HAItQU0 t.R|$K ^ 4th a Hito St. mmkm yrei
Dr. A. M. IRION DiKTIST 11916 NorRiwesfem Avf. Phone 49(15
CHRISTMAS CARDS Exclusive Lines SOMTHWORfHH
• Jewelers
R.C.EISENBACH Jewftler find Optometrltt 504 Malfi St<?
fiags k -%aticaA
Satutdoy. l>ecend>er 14, 1940
fiwidm. £ptpDmnL
.ti
(Continaed from page 1)
Mugs and Molls
showing above rolled silk stockings, and calves half-concealed by split floor-sweeping dresses, were the main attraction of the dance, not to mention the rassling and rustling that went on. ‘Stuff Queens’ Strut Stuff At the 10:30 intermission, Jim McKee, president of the rowdy SDX crowd, became master of ceremonies, if they could be called that, and the program went off with a bang. The lack of close shaves provided most of the entertainment, however, as various and sundry types of face growths were judged. The judges—enough to make any man’s heart turn over (not in the grave, either!)—^were Merle Hagemeyer and Jean Jones, two of the stuffy gals. Who are the stuffy girls and where did they come from? They, the three of them (Merle Hagemeyer, Jean Jones, and Francis Kramer), were chosen by SDX considering the following points; 1. personality, one-half per cent; 2. physical attractiveness, one and one-half per cent; and 3. stuff, oomph, ping, or what have you, 98 per cent. The first three in the ratings were actually Gypsy Rose Lee, Sally Rand, and Hedy Lamarr, but the fact that none of them were seniors, or even registered at this institution, and had never attended our Military Ball disqualified them and the second three were selected. Bearded Men Back to the beard contest. The winner of the free ticket to the Rassle for the longest beard was Armando Schemel. He bested 10 other contestants to gain favor with the delicate touch of the judges’ fingers. The reddist beard belonged to Dave Conger who received a box of henna to keep it that way. Jack McNulty copped the curliest whiskers prize, while the “goofer feather” or peach-fuzz bottle of perfume award went to Dave Schryer. Next on the program was the selection of the best Bowery-girl of 1890-costume. After much persuasion and scouting through the audience, 15 contestants were assembled and Lois Kepner won a pair of suspenders. She was the lady in black, covered from head to foot, almost. Top Bowery Bum present was Larry Kaitz, alias John L. Sullivan. His prize, well, why ^on’t you ask him? Last event on the official program before passing out the racy Police Gazettes, SDX creation, was the crowning of Chuck Allmon as the king of the “dirtiest cords of 1940-41.” He could not actually be crowned, however, because the copper beer mug prize was not available. Mary Kay Miller, sponsor of this unique and filthy contest, promised that he would receive it soon properly engraved. At the finish of these doings, males and females alike grabbed for their Police Gazettes and began eagerly devouring the dirt. Nat and his boys struck up a tune and the gaudy show went on.
Coemetics
JoUl 'Culture vs. Tests' On May 18, 1940, the Exponent published a list of the University convocations for the 1940-41 school year, including the dates on which these programs would be presented. Before they went home for vacation the students and, we presume, the faculty, knew when these famous artists and lecturers would be here. Yet when we returned this fall and received assignment schedules in our courses, we found some hour tests planned for the days immediately following these same convocations. In many of these courses only three or four tests are given during the semester; failure in one test is a serious matter. What can we do when there is such a conflict? The University has gone to great expense to bring the flnest speakers and artists in the world to our Hall of Music, and for that we are grateful. Many of us will not soon forget hearing John Charles Thomas or seeing the Ballet Russe. How many others of us, however, will only remember not hearing Eve Curie because we had to study for a chem, thermo or mechanics test? We cannot conscientiously forgo preparation for even one test —too much depends on it. With one hand the University brings us convocations to give us some measure of “culture” and with the other it hands us the tests that make it inadvisable for us to attend the programs. Truly, its left hand knows not the doings of its right. That this complaint is no idle musing of the editor’s mind is shown by the response to the Exponent editorial that appeared last Monday. We have heard enough comment on this subject to know that students honestly resent this situation. But what can we do? Some day, perhaps, there will be a rule. Until then we can only applaud those instructors who are considerate enough and interested enough to do their part in eliminating these post-convo tests, j.h.a.
Record Crowd Sees Welding Demonstration Attendance at the University’s annual Welding Conference held Thursday and yesterday in, Michael Golden Shops reached a new high in the 16 year history of the event when 632 registered by noon. 'The previous high mark was in 1937, when 688 attended, while last year’s total was 673. Dr. John H. Zimmerman, of the Linde Air Products Company, New York, was the principal speaker at the morning session of demonstrations and discussions of latest developments in welding. He outlined modern applications of flame cutting. Welding Demonstration The concluding technical session in the afternoon was featured by a demonstration of welding tubing by H. S. Card, director of product development of the Framed Steel Tube Institute, Cleveland, 0. Displays of welding equipment and supplies were set up in the lobby of the shops by 17 manufacturers.
Cosmo Cluh To Hdd Christmas Party Lafayette YMCA will be the scene of the Cosmopolitan club’s annual Christmas party tonight at 7:30 o’clock. Members will wear costumes caricaturing other members. Dancing and exchanging of 10 cent gifts are a few of the highlights of the evening’s entertainment. LaVonne Kellar is social chairman in charge of the party. At a meeting yesterday afternoon the club heard Gordon B. Enders discuss the latest developments in the Far Eastern situation. Ernest Cortissoz, president, presided, r.e.b. Foundation Will Sponsor Christmas Party Tonight Purdue Christian Foundation will hold an open Christmas skating party tonight at 8 o’clock at the Christian church. At 10 o’clock the group will leave for the skating rink. Refreshments will be served at the church and Santa Claus will distribute gifts. Tickets for the party are 30 cents, e.w.m.
Catalyst Clnb s There will be A party i Thursitey, December 19. Bleet at the Chemical Ehgineerine building at 7:80 p. m. Please sign up in Dr. Lovell's office before —BERGSTEDT.
Wednesday noon.
Roger Williams Clnb and Christian Foundation: Basketball game will be held Saturday, December 14, at 2 p. m. on Court One in the Field House. —BLACK.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Initiation of pledges Saturday afternoon, December 14, at 3:00 p, m. in room 106 Chemistry building. Re-'*^i(|/ ' freshments. Be there. -^OROG.
GE 35: Examination for removal of C or I grades December 14. Make arrangements in room 109 Michael Golden ^ops before Friday, December 18. —OWEN.
Scrivener: It is imperative that faculty assignments be complete Friday, December 18. Also other assignments. Report Saturday, December 14, with lists and receipts. —ALEXANDER.
SCA: SCA board will meet Tuesday, December 17, at 7 i30 in SCA room of Union. —BROWN.
Cleveland Purdue Club: Meeting Monday, December 16, in Union, room 803 at 8 p. m. Everyone come. Discuss Christmas dance. —STEVENS.
Virginia C. Meredith Club: Meeting of all members Monday, December 16, at 4 p. m. in Home Economics auditorium. —McCULLOCH.
T. E. French Speaks Before Women's Club Prof. Thomas E. Fiench, head of the engineering department at Ohio university and world authority on etching, spoke on “Etchers and Etching” before the general meeting of the Purdue Women’s club in the Home Economics auditorium last night. Professor French, who is known for his etchings, has published several books, and made a book plate for the late King Albert of Belgium. He maintains that he is an engineei by profession and an aitist by inclination. Honored At Dinner Miss Roberta Connolley presided at the meeting and Mrs. Justus Rising introduced the speaker, who is her houseguest for the week-end. Mrs. Rising honored Professor French with a dinner at her home preceding the meeting. The art section, which sponsored the meeting, is under the chairmanship of Mrs. R. M. Whitmer, m.k.b.
Christmas Program Presents PIA Men's Chorus, Given's Band Iiv Given’s band and the PIA men’s chorus will present the first annual independent Christmas Varieties piogram next Tuesday afternoon from 4:30 to 5:30 o’clock in the south ballroom of the Union. Formerly scheduled for tomorrow, the date for this performance was changed because of the Symphonic band concert in the Music Hall. Among the numbers to be presented by the chorus are several Christmas carols, “The Sea Gulls,” by Protheroe and “Song of the Jolly Roger,” by Chandleigh-Candish. New Christmas Tunes Irv Given’s campus band will present “music as you like it” with Jo Friend as vocalist. Several new Christmas dance tunes and some new arrangements by Clint Brown, trumpeter for the band, will appear on the program.
Classified Ads
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69,69. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Eberahoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Notices
CE 61: A condition test for the removal of “C” grades in Highway Construction CE 61 will be given at 1 p. m. Saturday, December 14, in room 206 of Civil Building. —PETTY.
Purdue Rifle Club: Rifle range in the Fieldhouse will be open to students during the following hours: Monday, 4-6:80 p. m., 7-9 p. m.; Tuesday, 8-5 p. m.; Wednesday, 3-6 p. m., 7-9 p. m.; Thursday 8-6 p. m., 7-9 p. m.: Friday 8-6 p. m.; ^turday, 1-4 p. m. Range is reserved for matches only. Club members are urged to Are as many practice targets as possible from now on, as the first match will be fired January 11. —GRAUTEN.
Distinguished Gun Squad Competition: Sixteen squads consisting of juniors and sophomores will compete for awarls of medals and citations with 76 mm. guns Thursday, December 19, at 7 p. m. on the drill floor of the Armory. —^IA^iTE.
Reamers: Regular meeting Monday, December 16, at 7:16 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. Everybody please be there. —BOHLIN.
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
Indiana Student Health Association: The tenth annual meeting will be held December 14 at Indiana university in the Union Building. Luncheon reservations may be made before the 10th by calling Ruth C. Irvin, phone 8001. —IRVIN.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, December 16, at 7:30 p m in room 261 of the Union —RIEGLE.
Latta's Christmas Gifts. American Artists, Hummel and Latta Christmas cards Latta’s Art Shop, 214 N. Fifth. 35 mm. Camera with f :2 lens, CompurRapid Shutter, Eastman range finder, filter, lens shade Cheap Phone 36401. For Sale: Double breasted shawl collai tuxedo Best condition Size 36. Write Arnett Brondie, Williamsport, Ind.
PIA Men's Chorus: Rehearsal schedule for next two weeks is as follows: Monday, December 2, 7:30 p. m. in room 307, Union. Wednesday, December 4, 7:30, room 807. Saturday, December 7, 2:00 p. m., in Union, Tower. Monday, December 9, 7:30 p. m.. room 807, Union. Wednesday, December 11, 7:80 p. m. in room 307. Saturday, December 14, 2:00 p. m. in 307. It is extremely important that everybody attend. —SMULEVITZ.
Co-ed Riflery: Intramural matches Monday, December 16. Please be there on time with a full team. Schedule: 6:10, Ward 1; 6:20, Ward 2; 6:30, Ward 3 : 6 :40, Otterbein ; 6:60, Glenwood , 7:00, PIA, 7:10, Coedda; 7:20, Chi Omega , 7:30, Wood Hall; 7:40, South Hall, 7:60, North Hall; 8:00, Shoemaker; 8:10, Antigonish ; 8 :20, Phi Mu; 8:30, Kappa, 8:40, Alpha Zi —BLAGRAVE.
PIA Chorus: Rehearsal Sunday, December 15, at 2 p. m. Everybody be there I —SMULEVITZ.
Lost: Small brown purse, spectacles, and money. Reward Sue Van Deren Phone 2127.
Elementary Structures 22: Examination for the removal of C or I grades will be given December 14 from 1-4 p. m. in the Civil Building, room 301. Please contact me at once. —SONBSON.
Cadet Luncheon Committee: There Will be an important meeting Monday, December 16, at 4 p. m. in the Armory. Tickets and ticket list must be checked In at thik time. —MEESE.
one
For Rent: Modern single room, block west of campus, stoker heat, con tinuons hot water, water softener. Gentle
man. Phone 6847.
Theta Alpha Phi Actives; Initiation Sunday, December 16 at 4 p. m. in reception rooms of Union. —MARTIN.
Room and Board for three boys Automatic hot water, stoker heat 231 Pierce Phone 76601.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Meeting at Lambda Chi Alpha house at 6:30 p. m , Saturday afternoon to get organized —CHRISTY.
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the second semester registration, January 28 and 29, are requested to make application before Christmas on blanks to {le obtained at the Registrar’s office. Those who have had previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. STONE
EVERYTHING YOU DEMAND
is included in our Dry Cleaning Service. In addition we give you Genuine MONITE Moth-Proofing FREE. AU Wool Garments are moth-proofed hy this process.
The freshness of pink and wlute petals tossed against a Idoe fkf ... the fragrance of May that haunts os all year '’ronnd—diaTs d’Or8ay*8 Cherry Bloaeom Cologne! .. . G«>er•OS 4 oonee botde $1.
Street Floor
The Home of DATED SHIRTS Shirts laundered by us exclusively are Guaranteed to Last a Year
f-J_ -M E CLEANERS OF FINE CLP T H
E $
ONLY ONE MORE WEEK TILL VACATION
SAMPLE SAVINGS
One
Round
Way
Trip
Hammond, Ind.
$2.10 $3.80
Chicago, ill.
2.10
3.80
Louisville, Ky.
3.10
5.60
Ciiicinnati, 0.
2.90
5.25
Dayton, 0.
2.90
5.25
Columbus, 0.
3.80
6.85
Pittsburgh, Pa.
6.40
11.55
Phila., Pa.
11.40
20.55
Richmond, Ind.
2.50
4.50
Washington, D.C.
10.65
19.20
Memphis, Tenn.
7.65
13.80
Jacksonville, Fla.
12.55
22.60
Miami, Fla.
16.70
30.10
Nashville, Tenn.
5.35
9.65
Cleveland, 0.
5.40
9.75
Buffalo, N.Y,
8.05
14.50
Springfield, 0.
3.20
5.80
Charleston, W. Va. 6.15
11.10
New York, N.Y.
12.65 •
19.00
■'‘Group of 15 Passengers
or More
reindeer has had his day,” •k says the well-known Mr. Claui. “I’m getting joat as modem aa Ae college crowd this year—I’m going by Greyhound and really enjoy my trip.” Thatli a break for die old fdlow who’e always giving everybo^ elfle a break. like you, hell enjoy the warmdi and cotmort and friendliness ot a Super-Coach trip. Perliapa youll meet him on your way home for dm Holidaya—anyway youll diink there's a Santa Claus around somewhere when you figure out how mneh yon save going by Greyhoond. yiffyy Christmiai GREYHOUND BUS STATION 301 N. 5th St. Phone 2105
We wish Purdue Students a Happy HoUday Season, and we suggest you drive in and let us check your car before starting the trip home. Wise motoring means happy times.
PETER ANDERSON CO. After You We Come First
525 Alabama
Phone 4048
Freshman Engineers: All students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report ;> to Eliza Fowler Hall on ^turday, De- ' cember 14. —KNAPP.
k,
•»- dj