V
4^.
rf , ^ ,v-
r ,.i
The University Says. "Welcome Freshmen"
Purdue
Volume 51. No. 1
Exponent
Saturday. Sepfeinber 9, 1999
Orientation Introduces Freshmen To University
Train Strikes Student Car; Kills One; Injures Second
Jhe £dUoA SaifA.. Our Welcome
A. Stoekman Killed; Eric Clarke Hurt Allen Stockman, Bourbon, Ind., was killed at approximately 10 o’clock yesterday morning when the qar in which he was riding was struck by a north-bound Nickel Plate freight train. He died on the way to the hospital. Death was due to a badly fractured skull. Eric Clarke, Plymouth, Ind., the other occupant of the automobile, received only a few minor cuts and bruises, and is now being detained at the hospital for further examination, although his condition is not serious. Both boys intended to enroll as freshmen in the University Wednesday. Stockman was a nephew of Noble Kizer, director of athletics. Brakes Fail The accident occurred at the Nickel Plate crossing at the foot of South street hill. The watchman on duty reported that the boys, who were approaching from the east in a red Model T Ford, apparently saw both his signal and the oncoming train. Their rate of speed, however, made it impossible for them to stop. In a vain eifort to avoid the accident they swerved the car sharply to the right, but the onrushing locomotive caught the car and carried it down the tracks for approximately 10 feet. The Model T came to rest against a nearby fire hydrant.
New Quarters For Chemicals Require Building Changes Several building changes have been made at the University as a result of the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering Schools moving out of Heavilon Hall into their new quarters. The present metallurgical lab, the one-story structure behind the Mechanical Engineering Building, has been assigned for the use of the Mechanical Engineering School. It will hereafter be known as the heat transfer lab, according to an executive order by President Elliott, and will house experimental works in heating and power problems done by Profs. W. T. Miller, G. A. Hawkins, and H. L. Solberg. Classes in Heavilon Hall Space in Heavilon Hall is being rearranged to make room for applied mechanics class rooms and laboratories for civil and general engineering. The mathematics department is taking over the rooms vacated by the applied mechanics department in Purdue Hall. Aeronautic equipment is being moved to the Univer- . sity airport.
No official police report has been released as yet, but the blame has tentatively been placed on the occupants of the car.
Students Task:Advance American Ideals - Elliott Old students, old tasks; new students, new tasks; all are here again for recharging the campus with plus power. A hearty greeting from the University that has remained to the Univer-
sity that now comes.
As I sit at my desk for this writing, the quiet of the delightful pre-autumn September day is shattered by the strident crying of the passing newsboys “War is declared.” One cannot avoid wondering what will be the effects upon Purdue, during the year ahead, of the destructive currents of war now flowing
in and from Europe. For there
will be effects, making more President
serious the ever important business of the University. More than ever before Purdue expects every student, not only to do the usual duties, but also whatever unusual duties may come during the year. It is not enough that you give the best of yourselves to learning in classroom, in laboratory, and during leisure hours. It is not enough that you have a lively interest in, and give your active support to, those organizations and those activities that are vital parts of the
living University. There must _ be, on the part of all of us, a £, C. Elliott'
new determination to recruit and to train men and women for the preservation and advancement of those ideals that are distinctively American. These are the guiding standards of Purdue for the momentous months before us.
Edward C. Elliott,
President. *
... to the Class of ’43 will probably fall upon deaf ears during this week of hand shaking and orientation, but the feeling is there in all sincerity. However, to welcome the “wearers of the green” without including our recipe for a successful college career would be passing up an opportunity. Perhaps we can put across a few points to you as student-to-student that Jiave not already been covered during this morning’s session of welcoming speeches by the members of our faculty. We don’t assume in any manner to have found the most perfect, o£the only, combination to Purdue’s mysteries, but are mereryl)assing along to you a few suggestions that we believe will be of some assistance through the duration of your stay on the Boilermaker campus. These are herein touched on rather generally and can very possibly bear some elaboration, but if they start a train of thought in the direction of a wider and fuller college career we will feel that our efforts have been successful. Make A Good Beginning To say that you now have a “clean slate” would again probably be repetition. Because of the nature of the highly intensive curriculum upon which you are now entering it is absolutely essential that you secure a good substantial foundation upon which you will be building for the remainder of your higher education. This foundation cannot be over-emphasized. This year you will be laying the ground work for the more advanced training that is to come in the succeeding three years, and if it is faulty, the acquisition of this advanced training will be many times more difficult. Your course of study has been planned with this in mind. Many subjects that you will be exposed to this year will seem utterly useless to you, but at sometime during your college education you will be asked to reach back and use those principles for a stepping stone to something more difficult. Try to make it a point to learn as much as you can rather than just doing the minimum essentials or enough to “get by on.” This is probably one of the largest pitfalls into which the new student is tempted to step. Whether you have succeeded in doing, this is not immediately apparent, especially during your first year. However, as the semesters roll along, the line between the men that have learned as much as they could and those that have been contented to learn as little as necessary becomes increasingly visible. Naturally the employer is going to be more interested in the man that has taken advantage of all his opportunities, because this is indicative of the attitude that the student will take in the role of employee. Make Friends Anyway you look at the situation, the world is made up primarily of people. Everything else that the graduate of today will come in contact with will be the product of man’s ingenuity in some shape or form. Purdue is no exception. Without some appreciation for his fellow student, his faculty and his townspeople, a student will soon find his life here has taken on an extremely brown appearance. Freshmen have an advantage in this friend-making game in that class feeling is strongest in the freshman year, thus giving you immediate common ground upon which to meet other members of your class. Don’t make the mistake, however, of confining your friendships to your class alone. Much can be learned from association with your upperclassmen. The main point to be remembered is not to make the mistake of thinking that you can lick the thing alone. Make friends and lots of them. They will be invaluable to you in the years to come. Know Your Instructors Purdue is exceptionally fortunate in having a competent and understanding faculty. Their job is to help you meet all scholastic requirements, but without a certain amount of co-opera-tion from the student this is often difficult. To teach you successfully they should understand your own personal problems individually. However, in a University of this size such intimate contact with each student is naturally difficult. It is therefore your duty to bring your problems, td the instructor personally when you find that it is convenient for him. Only in this way can the instructor understand the student’s particular difficulties and bring about better student-instructor relationships which lead to more perfect education. (Continued on Page 2)
RetTeet? MUiers
Swing Out Tonight At Season's Opener
WSGA HOURS
Saturday, 1 o’clock.
Sunday, 11 o’clock for freshmen;
12 o’clock for all others.
Monday through Wednesday, 12
o’clock for all.
Thursday, regular 11 o’clock. —^WSGA Judicial Board.
In keeping with the present European policy, due to the international situation, of moving priceless pieces ^ of art and historical relics to isolated locations, the Purdue victqry bell has been taken from what was heretofore considered its permanent resting place to a new site near the Stadium. The action was prompted, it is re^ ported on reliable information, by the mobilization of forces at lU. The bell-house is now in a site which will be strategic in that it is near the Cary Barracks. Rumor has it that the house will be camouflaged to prevent the lU warbirds from spotting it and dropping their lethal
load.
Exams, Convos, And Registration Will Fill Three Day Program Opening the University’s sixty-sixth academic year this morning at 7:45, freshman orientation will give approximately 2100 new students their first taste of coUege life. The program will open with singing led by director of University Musical organizations A. P. Stewart and yells led by one of the cheerleaders in the absence of Bill Dunshee, head cheerleader. President E. C. Elliott will then welcome the freshmen, and the deans of men and women, M. L. Fisher and Dorothy Stratton, will be introduced to the potwearers. Next to appear before the frosh _
will be Registrar R. B. Stone, who will give information concerning preliminary registration. He will be followed by H. H. Remmers with instructions concerning the examinations which are to begin at 9:30 and continue until noon. Examinations First of the exams is in psychology, continuing from 9:30 to 10:45; then comes the English placement test, after which an hour and at half will be given for lunch and relaxation. Reporting back to the fieldhouse at 1:30 the frqshmen will be occupied with an English composition test (the last test of the day) until three o’clock when they will be given time to meet with the heads of the schools which they are entering. All new students are invited to attend the mixer to be held at nine p. m. in the Memorial Union Building. Special Church Services Special church services will be held Sunday morning in all Lafayette and West Lafayette churches. Orientation will continue Monday morning with physical examinations for men beginning at eight a. m., for women at ten. Physicals will continue all day Tuesday and Wednesday according to the schedule printed in the handbook.
Other things to occupy the time of the frosh on Monday are the mathematics training tests from eight to nine and from 10:30 to 12 a. m., and the home economics training tests from 8:00 xmtil 9:30. This completes the schedule of tests and the orientation period. The registration of freshmen begins on Tuesday and continues through Wednesday. Upperclassmen Registration for upperclassmen begins on Monday at eight a. m., and will be completed on Wednesday. Distinguished students may register at any time during the registration period. All undergraduate and special students who have no unremoved G, D, or F grades, and who are not on probation, will register alphabetically on Monday and Tuesday. Undergraduate and special students who have unremoved C, D, or F grades on record, but are not on probation, register according to the first letter of their surnames on Tuesday and Wednesday. Old students on probation register acording to the first letter of their surnames on Wednesday. Graduate students register alphabetically on Monday and Tuesday.
Dean Of Men Fisher Outlines Welcome To Freshman Class To welcome is to receive gladly and willingly. Such is your reception into Purdue University at this time. There are three reasons for your welcome: (1) You are the fundamental need of universities, colleges and schools. They cannot (Continue without you. (2) Educators recognize in you new material on which to try out their theories of education, both old and new. The happy thought in this is that they hope and believe that these methods are good and that you, as students, will be the gainers. (3) Society recognizes in you the hope of the nation.
Dean
M. L. Fisher
Grinding out the corn for the first mixer of the year. Jay Mills and all his little millers will scatter kernels of rhythm tonight especially for freshmen and new students. Mills will present a special swing session for freshmen between 7:16 and 8:15. Cards bearing the record of orientation tests will be necessary for ad-
mission.
Music for the mixer will be from 9 to 12, and tickets will be $1 per
couple.
Mills comes directly from the Hotel Lowry in St. Paul, Minn., where he has filled an engagement longer than that of any orchestra ever before presented at the same hotel.
. I think you can see, therefore, why you are wanted and why you are being cordially received. Of course, it takes two to make a bargain. While you are being gladly received by us as an institution, you must reciprocate the good feeling. We hope that you are coming to us with high ambitions and that you will joyfully accept the provisions made for you to realize your hearts’ desires. I trust that ‘not a man or woman of you will be disappointed in his or her expectations.
Union Will Provide Puttering Facilities For Student Body One of the University’s newest activities is the puttering room, an arts, crafts, and hobby workshop, which was opened in the Memorial Union tower room only last February. From the opening date to July 31 this unusual activity enjoyed an unprecedented wave of popularity. During this time, there were recorded 8,466 visitors, 800 of whom worked in the shop from time to time. Student Union Project Sponsored by the Student Union, the puttering room is an extra curricular activity open to every University student and faculty member. Materials are free with the exception of leathers, metals, and woods, which are sold at cost price. Other materials which are furnished include oil and water color paints, pastels, crayons, charcoal, pencil, clay modeling equipment, soap for carving, linoleum block printing equipment, wood and leather burning tools, and nmny others.mm
p I
rp « (k v’l.ji^^ f . Wis-i
hI "T i- I !>
s n
"PFi
THE I^UfiDUE EXPdHENT
IScdUifdecy# lS«|«f#x«kl)e1^^9,
The Editor Says... (Continued from Page 1)
Only Students Willing To Work Hitch-hikers Beware
Read The Handbook
Iifany items of interest to the incoming class of '43 that can not be adequately covered here are easily obtainable through the use of the feshman Handbook. Read the stories of Purdue feaditions. Get some conception of the Purdue spirit. The authors of this volume, often called the freshman bible, wrote from experience making an earnest effort to include in it the answers to most of the freshmen’s questions. All this may seem to you like making a short story long, but it is our way of saying, “The Exponent welcomes you to Purdue and is ready at any time to extend to you the helping hand or take up your banner in any project that will lead to the making of an even better University.”
Fit In Plan Of University - Potter
Purdue University, which owes its origin and support to national and state beneficence, prepares people for effective Service to agriculture, industry and home-making, fields of endeavor which form the basis of national existence. The type of education ^ven at Purdue University is intended to prepare people for right living as well as for useful service to humanity. The curricula offered are expected to develop in students the power of scientific analysis, seriousness of purpose, and a definite interest in useful service and public welfare.
Students who are looking fot
According to an Indiana state law passed July 1, students will not be allowed to hitch-hike on Indiana highways if they are on the road itself or hre interfering with the moving traffic. They can, however, solicit rides if they are off the main
thoroughfare on the shoulder of the road, a safe distance from the passing automobiles. - The penalty for the first offense is a fine of not more than $100 and 10 days in jail, while a second offense will result in a fine of not more than $200 and 20 days in jail.
Don't Slight Your Social Life
The ancient expression that fifty percent of your education does not come from the classroom is still reasonably accurate, believe it or not. Whether this figure could ever, or has ever, been substantiated is a matter for conjecture, but the fact still remains that there is a necessity for a certain amount of social activity in the life of a student if he is to consider himself really well educated. For us to chance a rule as to the number of “dates” that you should have a week would be foolish. This is entirely regulated by your financial, mental, and physical resources. What we want to make sure is that you don’t make the mistake of associating entirely with members of your own sex. As soon as you determine how much time you will have to spend in the actual process of your formal education, you will be your own judge of the time which you may allot to other activity. Make sure that some of this time is spent with the opposite sex, you won’t regret it.
Reed, New Dean, Succeeds Skinner As Head Of Ag School
Look Over The Activities
In recent years statistics here att Purdue have shown that the student is most successful both in school and after he graduates who has taken an active interest in some extra-curricular activity as well as making a good scholarship record. Participation in some activity of this kind gives the student something to show for his spare time. Often experience gained in this field proves valuable to him after graduation. To have an interest such as this prevents his school work from becoming just a dull routine.
Harry J. Reed, acting Agricultural Expenment Station Director, was selected by the board of trustees at their June quarterly meeting to succeed Dr. J. H. Skinner, who retired at the end of June, as dean of the school of agriculture. Dean Reed has been a member of the University staff for 22 years. T. A. Coleman, acting director of extension work for the previous year, was named associate director of extension, and V. C. Freeman, acting dean of the school of agriculture, was named associate dean. Reed Is Class ’ll Dean Reed, a fellow of the American Association of Horticultural Science, graduated with the class of 19Il5>^He also holds membership in the American Genetics Society, the Indiana Academy of Science, and the Purdue Section of the American Chemical Society.
£ditor-m-Chief
R. E Indey
Bnsineas Manager
W. E. Smith
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Iiafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate qf postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday Delivered by earner for $3 per academic year
Offices Memonal Union, Room E
WELCOME STUDENTS
Learn to Know GEISLER’S
As THE SPOT TO BUY YOUR CLOTHING NEEDS.
We carry A COMPLETE LINE OF YOUNG MEN’s STYLES AND PATTERNS, FROM SUCH NATIONALLY ADVERTISED LINES AS HART SCHAFFNER & MARX, ARROW, HICKOK, JAYSON, B. V. D., BEAU BRUMMELL, ALLIGATOR, LEE, CATALINA, and A HOST OF OTHERS.
/
ATTENTION SENIORS!
Buy genuine CAN’T BUST ’EM CAMPUS CORDS SOLD EXCLUSIVELY BY US, OR OUR Student Representatives.
Quality and Satisfaction Guaranteed
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts
GULLION’S
In the Villagre
CLASS of '43 WELCOME!
^^ollege isn t so tear^^some as it seems the first day. You II be getting a lot of advice on what to do and what not to do When it comes to shirts, ties, shorts, hand kerchiefs and collars . . you'll do well to heed advice about buying Arrow Two out of three college men wear Arrow shirts They're tops on every campus because they fit better, wear longer and look smarter.
See the local dealer today and stock up for the semester
ARROW SHIRTS
COLLARS . . . TIES . . . HANDKERCfflEFS . . . UNDERWEAR
Buy Your Arrow Shirts at
DEWENTER’S 416 Main Street
easy lives and are not willing to work hard are bound to be disappointed, as Purdue University is the wrong type of college for people who are mainly interested in social diversion or in play. This institution is always ready to aid and encourage students who are interested in learning and who are willing to give their best efforts in order to prepare themselves for useful careers.
A A. POTTER,
Dean of Engineering.
Purdue Jewelry Parker & Sheaffer Pens and Pencils HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQEARE Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices Dependable Watch and Jewelry Repairing
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
kiAid
STARTS MIDNITE SHOW TONITE
NevsrBsloieSachFHiiontheScieen!
Embarrassing moments for the shopgirl who took in a sn/** V
SUNDAY ~ MONDAY Rave comedy of movie star and press agent!
doorstep baby.. a laugh at life, a look at love, a heart-
deep romantic thrill for youl
- ROTH DONNtttr
Sers
m.
AND
II
S<>V
RKO RADIO PIchir*
rcHAIlUSCOWRJS E. E. CUVE
—ALSO— 'MICKEY MOUSE'
LAST TIMES TODAY HOLLYWOOD STADIUM MYSTERY
PHANTOM RANGER LONE RANGER RIDES AGAIN
ADMISSION Nights and Sundays 35c Week Day Matinees 25c Children Always 10c
—Added Joy— Thugs with Dirty Mugs Cartoon
THE
FOURTH AVENUE AMUSEMENT CO WELCOMES YOU TO LAFAYETTE
THE CITY'S THREE LEADING THEATRES OFFER YOU
OUTSTANDING PROGRAMS AT ALL TIMES
5 DAYS STARTING TODAY
AN IMMORTAL ADVENTURE BECOMES 1939’s GREATEST FILM ACHIEVEMENT!
starring SPENCER TRACY
HANCy KEllV • RICHARD BREEHE
WAITER BRENNAN • CHARIES COBURN SIR CEDRIC HARDWICKE • HENRY HUU HENRY TRAVERS
— EXTRA— PETE SMITH SPECIALTY 'RADIO HAMS'
—ADMISSION — Matinee 10c-25e-30c Niaht 10e-30c-40e Niflht Pricev on Sunday and Holidays
Starts TOMORROW The creator of "The Count of Monte Cristo" brings to life the greatest of all Dumas' adventures.
EDWARD 8MAU pnntUt Th» A/axondar Dumtu Cfasife
mm
IHTHE
nONllASli
X JdaU WRob prodlKlioii
touts
warren WHUAM lOSEPH SCHItOKRAUT MAN HAIR
LAST DAY •
ANN SHERIDAN THE "DEAD END" KIDS IN 'Angels Wash Their Faces' —AND— LYNN OVERMAN IN "Death of a Champion"
-ADMISSIONMatinee 10c-25c-30c Night 10c-30c-40c Night Prices on Sunday and HoHdays
Lum.
Presenting Double Feature Programs At All Times
SUNDAY - MONDAY cTTfrrr^
FllfJDSASm
Plus—2nd Feature First Lafayette Showing
Old enough to love^—but not old enough to marry!
Youth on the Spofl
JEAN PARKER-JOHNNY DOWNS-aColombiapitfura
Last Times Today — 2 First Rtin Features THE JONES FAMILY IN "Quick Millions" —PLUS— ROY ROGERS IN "Southward Ho!"
—ADMISSION — 20( TO 6:00
Night— 10c-20c-2Sc Night Prices on Sunday and Holidays
Vr
n■(^■^^j-^ iW-fil'7=RT[*-'*yJVf •\¥JBW»^V^'V a^- J-W-H 1^^* iTi*!^
/
Saturday# September 9, 1939
\
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
New Ruling Closes Drives To Traffic
State Police To Check Student Automobiles
Purdue’s History Owes Beginning To Morrill Act
During Class Hours New Freshman Handbook Gives 428 Students Make
Distinguishd Rating In Second Semester
In an eifort to promote safety and prevent traffic congestion at the principal points on the campus during the coming year, driveways through, the center of the University will be closed to automobile traffic from 7:16 a. m. to 4:45 p. m.
daily.
The change, which has been xmder ’consideration for some time, was put into effect by President Elliott, and will prevent through traffic oveSr campus roadways during the period of changing classes when student foot traffic is exceptionally heavy. Areas affected are those immediately east of Stanley Coulter Hall and the east-wise drive lying south of the shops and intersecting the north-south main campus thorough-
fare.
Several minor changes have been made in the drives during the summer, some as a result of the addition to the Union Building and the new Music Hall. Most notable of ^these is the removal of the brick workshop which stood in the middle of the road beside the powerhouse. Dean Reed Appoints Graduate Assistants Clifford V. Hayne, University of Nebraska graduate in 1939, has been appointed to the Agricultural Experiment Station staff as a graduate assistant to undertake research on hybrid com, according to an announcement by Dean and Director of Agriculture H. J. Reed. The research fellowship was granted by the Agricultmal Alumni Seed Improvement Association, a non-profit organization functioning to supply foundation hybrid seed com stocks to Indiana, farmers and
All students who own cars and expect to drive while at the University must register them with the University at a booth in the Armory during registration. Indiana license plates and an Indiana driver’s license are not necessary to register an out-of-state car, but they must be obtained if the car is driven in Indiana for more than 60 days. The University Physical together with the state police will see that this regulation is en-
forced.
Two state policemen will be at the booth in the Armory to check the brakes, lights, etc., of all cars to be registered. Any automobile not judged to be in safe driving condition will not be registered. A green tag will be given to those who have public liability and property insurance and they will be allowed to carry student passengers. Those having no insurance will be issued red tags and will not be permitted to carry students. Any car brought to the University after the appointed date must be registered within three days at the office of the Superintendent of Physical Plant. A $5.00 motor-re-cording fee will be charged to any student not registering an automobile within the time limit. K this fine is not paid within five days, the student will be dropped from University classes. to foster improvement of hybrid com in the state. Announcement was also made of the appointment of George W. Newell, 1939 poultry graduate of the University of Missouri, to the position of poultry assistant to work in the Experiment Station.
Picture Of Life At University
BOSSUNG Shoe Rebuilders Formerly in Varsity Boot Shop, now in new location at ? 221 State Street
Lux & Humphreys 317 West Main Street
PHONE 4028
Special Attention Given Fraternity Business
Vellinger’s Pharmacy Exclusive Agents for Martha Washington Candy Butter Toasted Salted Nuts Home Made Ice Cream
FREE DELIVERY Service to West Side
Copies of the annual University Handbook have been mailed to over 2,000 freshmen. The Handbook, otherwise known as the freshman Bible, gives a comprehensive picture of life at Purdue—extra curricular activities, IXhiversity regulations and traditions, and the various residence accommodations open to them. The book is published under the direction of the Student Senate, and according to President E. C. Elliott, it is “commended to those who are determined while in the University to explore the spirit of the institution, and therefore to share in the sources of its power.” Of particular interest to the new freshmen who must go through the tedious orientation and registration routine is the complete schedule contained in the book for the five
days of this period. History and Government
The history of the University, its government, and the traditions that have grown up in the many years
since its inception are covered in detail. University regulations, such as those governing the use of automobiles by students, are important for the incoming freshmen in order to avoid pitfalls in their first year. A list of the important staff members that the conscientious student should come to recognize and to know is contained in the handbook. Co-ed Section For women students j the handbook contains a special section with a foreword by Dean of Women, Dorothy C. Stratton. Advice on sorority pledging, dress on the campus, the regulations of the Women’s Self Governing Association, and co-ed
activities.
Pictures of all fraternity and sorority houses and residence halls are
published.
The section on athletics contains detailed information on intramural sports and regulations governing the elgibility for Big Ten competition. Of importance to the freshman is that he or she learn the school songs and yells which are printed in full.
Purdue News Booklet Shows That Cultural Element Is Strong On University Campus
That there is a strong cultural as well as technical side to the undergraduate work offered at this University is well brought out by a new booklet entitled “Liberal E3ducation Via or Versus Technical Training” which has recently been issued in the “Purdue News” series and is now available for distribution. The booklet, supposedly a series of letters between a University :^culty member and a lawyer whose son wishes to attend the University, was written by Prof. W. E. Howland of the civil engineering school and Prof. R. W. Babcock, University Editor and a member of the English staff. A foreword by President Edward C. Elliott calls attention to the fact that in recent years there has been developed within the University an increasing number of activities designed to afford opportunities for students to possess a share of those elements of a so-called liberal education. These are not only such
things as the Student Union, Playhouse, Glee Club, and campus publications, but the entire course of study at the University is meant to give as complete an education as may be obtained anywhere. By using a series of letters the booklet describes in detail the cultural opportunities offered at the University. One of the letters points out that technical schools are pledged to add a new element—^“an element that makes culture into something humanitarian in the broadest sense of the misused word, instead of something merely individual and frequently self-centered, if not selfish”—to the general definition of culture. This element is the recognition of the obligation of the individual to play a part, however minor in the improvement of the welfare of mankind. Copies of the publication may be obtained by addressing University Editor, Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana.
Pour hundred and twenty-eight Purdue University students enrolled during the second semester of the 1938-39 academic year earned a place on the “Distinguished Student” honor list for having averaged “A” or better in their studies. President Edward C. Elliott announced recently. “H” Average 'Two students, Robert P. Munro of West Lafayette, junior in the school of science, and Glenn W. Toben of Rensselaer, senior in the school of electrical engineering, achieved the highest possible grades in their studies during the semester, having averaged an “H” grade. The 428 students returning to the University this fall will receive $30 credit to be applied on University fees for having attained this honor rating. Purdue has offered this financial inducement for high scholarship for several years. There were 6,617 students enrolled last semester. Twenty-two Get 6.0 Twenty-two of the honor students earned a scholastic index of 6.0 or better, which is nearly a straight “H” average. There were 26 “Distinguished Students” from Indianapolis. The 428 students were divided by classes as follows: 102 freshmen, 104 sophomores, 127 juniors, and 95 seniors. A complete list of those making distinguished ratings will be found in an advertisement in this paper. G. H. Shepard ... professor of industrial engineering and management, died Sunday, July 30, at Methodist Hospital, Indianapolis, while convalescing from a major operation. Prof. Shepard was 68 years of age. Prof. Shepard, who held the rank of Lieutenant Major in the Naval Reserve, was author of two books on industrial engineering. He was a graduate of the United States Naval Academy, and served in the Span-ish-American War. He retired from the service after being injured in the line of duty. He received his masters degree from Cornell University in 1902. He became a member of the University staff in 1919 and has been a member of the staff continuously
Haywood’s No. 50 Student Special Desk For September Only The desk "that you have always wanted” for your study room. Made of selected Indiana Oak. MADE IN INDIANA by Skilled Workers—for Purdue Students This is the best Studenfs Desk in the world PRICE $19.00 Free Delivery Anywhere
FREE A fine leather corner desk pad and blotter givjsn FREE with each I desk.
Length 42 in. Width 30 in. Height 30 in. Weight 110 pounds Three isLarge Drawers, Ili/2x4*/^x22 in. and One Large Center Drawer The Writing Bed is 5-Ply 1 Inch Thick Add $1,00 for Walnut ALL DESKS have center drawer with lock A Sturdy, Solid Oak, Restful Chair to Match Only $5.00 HAYWOOD’S Fifth and Ferry Sts.
Purdue history first started baek in 1869 when a representative from Vermont introduced the Morrill bill, which bore his name, into the United States Congress. The bill was passed but was vetoed by President Buchanan. Again in 1861 Morrill introduced the bill and it vras passed and signed by President Lincoln in 1862. The bill stipulated that money gained from the sale of western lands be turned over to states for the use of state xmiversities. The universities in turn would have to offer courses in the mechanic arts, agriculture, and military tactics. The preamble of the bill states that the money shall be used for the “education of the industrial classes.” Indiana wanted to get the use of some of the free government money; a suitable site was needed. Counties began bidding for the University. John Ptndue, then a wealthy Tippecanoe County farmer, offered the state $100,000 if the university would be placed in Tippecanoe County and would bear his name. The fight for location then centered around Battle Ground and Lafayette. Lafayette residents raised Purdue’s ante by $50,000 and the site was decided. The first buildings complete on the campus were a residence and a bam. Prom this humble beginning the present four million dollar establishment has arisen. The first\president was Richard Owen of the\|^ana University. He served one year, beginning in 1873. In 1874 Abraham Shortridge was named president. But Shortridge and the founder of the institution could not see eye to eye, in fact Purdue would not sit in on faculty meetings while Shoirtridge was president. President White succeeded Shortridge in 1875. But troubles were by no means cleared by the change. The first Greek-lettered fraternity was established on the campus the year White took office. White was an anti-fraternity president. He required all students to sign a pledge that they would not join any Greek-lettered organizations while in the University. Those who were in them had to swear they would no longer participate in the fraternity functions. White resigned in 1883 after the fraternity case had been carried to the State Supreme Court. A bill in the state legislature carried a rider saying universities would receive state support only if fraternities were allowed. White was succeeded by President Stone, brother of Justice Stone, of the United States Supreme Court. Under President Stone the first summer school was held. He remained in office until his death in the Canadian Rockies in 1921. He was succeeded by Vice-President Marshall, who held the position for a year. In 1922 President Edward Charles Elliott, the chancellor of the University of Montana, was appointed president. Since President Elliott’s coming the University has increased manyfold both in size and in numbers of students. 175 Frosh Attend Pre-Schoel Camp Twice as many freshmen attended “get acquainted” camp at Camp Tecumseh on Tippecanoe River as , in any previous year. A himdred and seventy-four freshmen registered for the camp in the Union lobby last Tuesday morning and were taken by bus to the camp. They returned Friday night in time to find rooming places before the orientation period began today. The camp program included talks on University ideals and traditions, campfire talks each evening by faculty members, competitive sports, and religious instruction. Dr. G. H. Graves, of the mathematics department, was in charge for the faculty while Woodrow Rifenburgh, senior in chemical engineering, for the students. Mr. Rifenburgh stated that the abnormal increase in registration for the camp this year was no doubt due to increased efficiency in advertising."‘•4w-^» ’^;4s'*t
. S ^ s,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^ ?, “ ^ ^ V ^r / ^ i vr- ■» ^ «»
Saturday, September 9, 1939
Summer Session Activities Keep 1400 Students Moving
Six Weeks' Summer School Course Provides Intensive Study And Variety Of Recreations For University Students Enrolled
June 15 . . . Over 1,400 students registered today in the Executive Building for summer school. The summer session is under the direction of Dr. F. B. Knight, of the division of education. He is assisted by Prof. George E. Davis, of the teacher placement service. June 15 . . . Prof. Harry J. Reed, acting head of the Agricultural Experiment Station, has been named to succeed Dr. J. H. Skinner as head of the school of agriculture. V. C. Freeman has been named associate dean. June 16^. . . Four boys and four girls were placed in the “honor group” in the annual health championship contest held here last week in connection with the 21st annual 4-H round-up. These eight champions will represent the state in the national health contest held in Chicago next November. June 17 ... The University Men’s Glee Club won first place at the Uni- “ versity Music Festival this evening in the Fieldhouse and will represent Indiana in the Chicagoland Music Festival in Chicago August 19. Arsene Summers and Marvin Smith, both University students, won in their divisions. Over 2,000 persons attended the sing. June 17 . . . Over 90 fraternity and sorority housemothers registered today for the first housemothers school to be conducted by the University. The school will last until July 16. The housemothers will live in WRH South. June 19... A short course for life insurance representatives opened today with 85 enrolled. June 19 . . . Eleanor Kistler, HE ’42, injured last spring in an automobile accident that took the life of one University student and injured five others, was released from the hospital today. She will return to her home in Western Springs, 111. June 20 . .. Dr. Ralph A. Felton, associate professor of rural sociology at Drew University, spoke tonight before the first session of the Rural Leadership School being conducted here on the campus. Yesterday 302 persons registered for the training school. June 21 . . . Personnel men from both university and industrsA met here today for a four-day school. June 21 . . . Indiana water c^ditions are to be the topic of discussion of the first water weHss school opened here today. June 25 ... Dr. H. H. Crane, pastor of the Central Methodist church, Detroit, spoke this evening at the first summer session religious convocation. The summer session choir of 60 voices sang. June 26 .. . Vocational Ag teachers are attending a four-day reviewing school here. Teachers will attend two-hour classes each day in review courses in which they teach. June 28 . . . Nine hundred songfest fans were forced to do their singing in Fowler Hall this evemng due to ram. The songfest was scheduled for Ross-Ade stadium. George Campbell assisted A1 Stewart in the community singing. June 28 ... Prof. Baker Brownell, professor of contemporary thought at Northwestern Umversity, discussed the place of government in modem society before the vocational ag teachers. June 29 . . . The first in a series ' of “Games on the Green” was held this evemng on the varsity field just north of the Fieldhouse. June 30 ... Carving on the granite blocks atop the Union front entrance was s'^arted today. University oflBcials expect to finish the work by the first of October. July 2 i . . Climaxing the music leadership training school in session here since June 23, “Adoramus Te” was presented by a choir of 76 voices in Fowler Hall this afternoon. The choir was composed of the jregular summer session choir and members of the leadership school. July 6 . . . Nomination for summer prom king and queen opened today. July 6 . . . Educational leaders opened a four-day dinic here today. Dean L. A. Pechstein, of Cincinnati
University, and Dean T. E. Benner, of the college of education of Illinois University, are scheduled to speak. July 6 . . . Prof. Wemer Heisenberg, Nobel prize winner, spoke this evening on nuclear physics and the atom’s innermost core. July 7 . . . The Exponent opened its football poll, to place Purdue gridders on the All-Star squad. July 12 ... Joe Mihal stole the show as two summer session plays were presented in Ross-Ade Stadium this evening. Fifteen hundred persons attended the performance. July 13 ... Charles M. Newcomb, humorist and commentator, addressed the annual summer session banquet this evening. He asked the 400 attenders, “What Are You Afraid Of?” July 13 .. . Jack Teagarden’s orchestra was signed today for the second annual summer prom, July 28. July 14 ... Hank Messer played for the last summer session mixer this evening. July 17 . . . Lafayette had its heaviest rain in history today as 4.66 inches fell during the afternoon and evening. July 18 . . . Indiana tomato canners met here today to discuss control of tomato disease. July 19 . . . The last University sing was held last night in Fowler Hall. The change was due to rain. July 21... Over 3,000 unmounted study skins of birds were given to the biology department by Amos Butler, a prominent Indiana ornithologist. July 24 ... J. Clyde Marquis, Ag. ’04, was the principal speaker at the dinner meeting of the American Association of Agricultural College
Editors this evening. July 27 . . . E. E. Moore, general superintendent of the Carnegle-Il-linois Steel corporation, spoke this ' morning at the last all-campus convocation. Nine o’clock classes were adjourned for the convo. July 28 ... Ellen Kepner and Don Spring lead the grand march of the second annual summer prom this evening. Jack Teagarden furnished the music for the 400 couples. July 28 ... President E. C. Elliott crowned the Indiana Tomato Queen this evening at the annual Tomato Festival §it Elwood. July 30 ... Word was received today of the death of Prof. G. H. Shepard, of the industrial engineer- . ing department. Professor Shepard was convalescing in an Indianapolis hospital following a major operation. August 2 . . . The final group of summer session plays wei;e cancelled this evening due to heavy rains during the afternoon. August 3 . . . The three plays scheduled for last night were presented in Fowler Hall this evening. August 4 . . . Fimeral services were held for Professor Shepard this afternoon. August 5 ... A hairy football was received today by Eth Baugh, alumni secretary, from a Purdue grad. The football, covered with hair, was produced in an attempt to eliminate slipperiness during rains. August 7 . . . Purdue University won first place in the collegiate flying club meet held at Kenyon College. If they win the trophy twice more the trophy becomes permanent. August 10 . . . Finals. August 11 . . . Finals. August 12 . . . Finals. August 13 .. . Home.
Spring and Kepner Lead Summer Prom Four hundred couples, led by Prom King Don Spring and Queen Ellen Kepner, danced to the smooth music of Jack Teagarden, the trombone troubadour, and his “I Got a Right to Sing the Blues” band on July 28 as the second annual summer prom climaxed''the social activities of the 1939 summer session. Kepner and Spring were chosen queen and king by ticket-stub vote of prom goers, and their election was announced by the summer session recreational committee. Ellen was a finalist in the Debris beauty contest last winter and is a member of Kappa Alpha Theta sorority. Spring, selected as last spring’s best dressed, is a member of Pi Kappa Phi fraternity. Summer Prom became an annual affair only last year when Union Manager L. M. Vallely announced that he was completely satisfied with the results of the first affair of this kind. 125 Receive Degrees At End Of Summer Session One hundred and twenty-five students attending the University summer session completed their requirements for degrees. President Edward C. Elliott announced recently. There were 64 Master of Science degrees and 71 Bachelor of Science degrees granted by the institution. These graduates will receive .their diplomas when the annual commencement exercises are held next June 9. The 1939 Purdue summer session attracted a record enrollment of 1,651 students.
Bas Relief Carvings Over Union Entrance Will Depict Scenes From University Life
With two scenes depicting University life already completed, work is being rushed to finish four more, being cut in bas relief on the two limestone blocks topping the main entrance of the Purdue Memorial Union Building. Work is expected to be completed by the middle of October. The front relief on the west stone will show an engineering student, with slide-rule, talking to a co-ed carrying a notebook. The left outside relief will depict two co-eds, one on a bicycle, the other carrying a tennis racket. The left inside carving will picturt a girl carrying a flower basket. The front relief on the other stone will depict a girl and boy in formal dress. The boy is removing the girl’s coat. On the right outside there will be two men students conversing, while the inside will show an agricultural student shearing a sheep. Miss Rich Models Figures Miss Prances Rich modeled the figures and is now supervising the work. Miss Rich is a graduate of Cranbrook Academy of Art, Bloomfield Hills, Mich. The carving of the stones is being done by Louis Terebesy of Chicago and his son, Louis. The carving contract is held by Jon Jonson, who is
also working on the stone carving models for the new music hall. The stones, which were quarried here in Indiana, are the largest ever placed on a building in one piece, according to Terebesy. Six or seven inches were taken off each face before work on the bas reliefs began. Pour truckloads of limestone chips have already been carried away. Two Students Return From Summer Study Miss Catherine Cooley, West Lafayette, senior in home economics, and C. E. Irvin, Waynetown, senior in agriculture, just returned to their homes after a month spent taking part in the program given to recipients of Danforth Summer Fellowship awards. Fellowships are given to two students from each of 35 state universities on the basis of physical, mental, social, and religious records. The first two weeks of the fellowship were spent in St. Louis while the remainder was spent at the American Youth Foundation camp at Shelby, Michigan.
INDIANAPOLIS NEWS BRANCH OFFICE We now have a local branch office run by a Purdue student, JERRY HINSHAW, '40 — Final extras and blue streak editions. — CALL 31911 In Rear of Red’s Barber Shop
• • We Wish to Welcome Students to Purdue It Is Good To Be Back And In The Swing Of Things Again ... To Greet Old And New Friends In The Student Haunts MILK IS AS ESSENTIAL TO STUDENTS AS FRIENDS For Your Dairy Needs Call SUNSHINE FARMS
807 N. 4th Street
Phone 50151^/
r ^
Sctturdoy. September 9< 1939
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Cornerstone Construction Auditorium To Seat Over Six Thousand Laying of the cornerstone on the'morning of August 31 marked the official beginning of the final stage Of construction on the new University Music Hall. President E. C. Elliott, David E. Ross, president of the board of trustees; Walter Scholer, architect; and L. S. Arthur, resident engineer inspector for the Public Works Administration, were present at the short informal ceremony. The Music Hall will be completed some time after February 1. The Music Hall will be second to few, if any. The Radio City Music Hall in New York, generally conceded to be the largest theater type building in the world, seats 5,945 people. The new University Music Hall auditorium will seat 6,207 people on the main floor and in two balconies. Work Started Last Fall Ground was broken for the foundation last fall, but, as soon as the concrete wall had been set, work was suspended for the winter. Steel construction work was started in the spring and continued through the summer. Stonework began in August. Located on the old Stuart athletic field, the new Music Hall is located directly behind the Administration Building, which will serve as a foyer. A covered bridge leading from the main floor of the Administration Building will connect the two. Novel Features < The Music Hall will be equipped to present almost any type of entertainment. Studios for WBAA, the University radio station, together with sound effect and control rooms, will be housed in the basement. A practice band-shell capable of seat-
Laying Opens Final On New Music Hall
Artist's Conception
. . of the outside appearance of the finished Purdue Auditorium.
ing 150 musicians, plus an orchestra lift to bring the orchestra to stage, sub-stage or floor level in the auditorium above, will also be located in the basement. Flexible Stage The stage itself is a masterpiece of flexibility. Completely fronted by a rigid type fireproof curtain weighing nearly 12 tons, it is almost 100 feet wide. The hall will be equipped with panoramic scenery that will reduce the size of the stage to make it suitable for smaller productions. Directly behind the stage is a huge bandshell capable of seating 300 musicians. This bandshell can also be arranged so as to make it suitable for symphonic orchestras of 30 or 40’pieces. The loft above the stage is high enough to allow all backdrops to hang flat. The entire auditorium is designed and sound treated to insure good acoustic properties and prevent echoing. Loud speakers will be located in the ceiling.
Fountain Included The Music Hall will be flanked by parking spaces on the north and south sides. In the center of each of these will be located a decorative fountain. The drive between the Armory and the Woman’s Gymnasium has been widened to give easy a(jcess to these parking spaces. Building of the Music Hall was financed by a $504,000 grant from the Public Works Administration, $300,000 from the Indiana General Assembly special session in 1938, and a bond issue. Miss liian Murphy... ., . H. E. ’37, has been awarded one of the two national 4-H $1,000 fellowships provided by the National Committee on Boy’s and Girl’s Club Work for nine months residence and study at the U. S. Department of Agriculture, Washington, D. C.
Activities Overflow Uncompieted Union With great increases in both the number and membership of activities, the Union building will be crowded until the addition is ready for occupancy. This condition shows promise of existing until the beginning of the second semester. As in the past, activity offices and meeting rooms will be assigned through the Union board and L. M. Vallely. A conditional list of assignments is as follows; Room A—Student Senate and WSGA; Room B—Activities Bureau; Room C—meeting room; Room D—Exponent; Room E—Memorial Union and Exponent; Room F—^meeting room. The old Agriculturist office will be turned into a meeting room. In the Engineer^ and Scrivener offices will be the Engineer, Agriculturalist and Scrivener. The Chestnut room includes rooms 1 and 2, while the Student Union workroom and WSGA will be combined, PI A will function in its regular room. Local Triangle Chapter To Hold Convention Purdue chapter of Triangle, social fraternity, will be host to the 30th national convention of this fraternity September 6-9 inclusive. Convention headquarters, meetings, banquets, and other activities will be in the Union building. All official delegates will be quartered in the Union Club, while all visiting active members other than official delegates will stay in the chapter house. Triangle fraternity was founded at the University of Illinois in 1907. The second chapter was organized at Purdue in 1909 from the old Transit Club. The fraternity now includes sixteen chapters. Prof. I. D. Mayer, president of the Purdue Triangle Alumni Board, is general chairman of local arrangements for the convention. Mrs. Mayer is chairman of the comJ mittee on entertainment of visiting ladies.
Student Book Exchange To Open Monday; Large Stock Of Frosh Books Available Wedneslay Monday will mark the opening of the fourth Student Book Exchange, a non-profit organization inaugurated as a service to Pimdue students. Opening at 10 a. m., the exchange will receiv^ooks, but none, will be sold until Wednesday.
This service is particularly valu-
able to freshmen, for a great number of first year books are always available. Complete li^ts of texts for all courses will be on hand to facilitate the student’s selection.
Exchange Hours
Ten a. m.-d;o 8 p. m. will be regular exchange hours during which time volunteer student clerks and salesmen will be on duty. However, the exchange will not be open evenings before the sale of books begins, On Friday and Saturday the exchange will be closed at 5:30, while on Sunday no books will be sold. Books will be received anytime after the opening. The exchange will function for nine days at the end of which time all accounts will be closed. From September 11 to 19 the business will be conducted in the ballroom. When books are brought in, the student will leave them at a receiving desk, where he will be given a receipt. Prices are up to the individual, but advice will be given if he is in doubt as to their worth. After books are sold notices will be posted on a bulletin board so students will know when their money
can be obtained.
^ 3,000 Dollar Business The exchange has been in operation for three semesters, the volume of business increasing each semester. The last exchange did over $3,000 worth of business, the entire project being conducted without charge to the students served. Practically the same system will be used
this semester.
Heading the directing board, made up of members representing various activities, is Vincent Hruby, Union Activities chairman. Other members of the board are Herb Fishburn, Bob Hamilton, R. E. Insley, Larry Archibald, Dick Voyles, and Jerry Hinshaw.
Personnel Personnel in charge includes; Larry Archibald, director of records; Jerry Hinshaw, publicity director; Robert Hamilton, director of sales; Dick Voyles, director of receiving; Larry Brodd, personnel; Alex Clark, assistant records, and Bob Tilt, assistant publicity. WBAA Advantages Shown At Indiana State Fair Advantages and services offered to Indiana farmers and to the general radio audience by the University radio station WBAA have been featured in a well-illustrated exhibit on display in the Purdue building throughout the 1939 Indiana State Fair. In addition, the state fair exhibit is the headquarters for WBAA and also the location of the station’s continuity department, where program features are arranged to be broadcast. WBAA staff members, cooperating with University and state fair officials, broadcast direct from the state fair grounds a onehour program daily at 11:30 to 12:30 (GST). Greatly enlarged pictures in the booth show the following: WBAA’s control room, the University’s new music hall and auditorium which is to be the station’s new home when completed, a student dramatic cast presenting a program, the Agricultural Experiment Station where WBAA’s farm programs originate, scenes of street interviews, and many o^er special events. Student announcers and radio staff members are on hand at the exhibit at all times to answer questions asked by fair visitors.
{fillllllllllllllllllllllilllillllllllllHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIilllllli>>ll>>IHH<IIHII>l>™>>>l>lll>ll>'ll<>l'<l<<'llll>>>^^ Illlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllillllll Illlllllilllllllllllllllllllllllll s (Advertisement No. 4) S
at HAYWOOD’S
FKESHMAII
SAVE
ESTABLISHED 1826
Corner of 5th and Ferry Sts., next to Monon Station, Lafayette ^ Your Savings Here on Your Drawing Set and Supplies Is Several Dollars ^ DRAWING INSTRUMENTS AND DRAWING SUPPLIES K and E" Log-Log, Trig, Dedfrig, Duplex and Polyphase Slide Rules, Loose-Leaf Books, Student Desks FREE (I A Fine Leather Corner Desk Pad and Blotter With Your Drawing Set Purchase
ENGINEERS
SAVE
200 Only
STUDY DESK LAMPS Flexible Neck In 3 Finishes
CASES
WE HAVE IN STOCK ALL THE FOLLOWING
APPROVED DRAWING INSTRUMENTS:
Dietzgen "Federal" 1047C
Post "University" 1035A
Dietzgen "Champion" 1037C
U. S. Blue—"U. S. Blue^888
Dietzgen "Professional" 968AK
U. S. Blue—"U. S. Blue" 1006
Keuffel Cr Esser "Anvil" N996C
HAYWOOD’S
Keuffel fir Esser "Arrow" El086
GUARANTEE
K^ffel fir Esser "Pharos" 686
*'Our prices are the same to every Purdue Student and we do not make
substitution of inferior or unap-
Post "Primo" 630
proved articles.”
Boards, T-Squares, Scales,
Locks, Triangles, Curves
All Our Drawing Instruments and Supplies Are
on the University's APPROVED LIST.
BOOKS
Regular Price $1.25
We have the Lowest Prices on Student Supplies • ^ Buy Drawing instruments and Supplies from Responsible and Established Detders Only. NOTICE: This Store Is Open from 8 A. M. to 5 P. M. and Thru Assignment Period Until 9 P. M.
BUY HERE SAVE $5.00 ON YOUR DRAWING SUPPLIES AND SETS
liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiuiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiluiuiiiiiiiiniNiiliiiuiniuiiiiiiuHiiiiuiiuiiUHuuuiniiiiiiuiiniiiiiiiiiliiwVtl
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, September 9, 1939
175 New Faculty Appointments Announced
Lehman Replaces Prof. Middleton In Chem. Department One hundred seventy-five new appointments to the University faculty were announced by the President’s office. The lengthy list includes the names of many 1939 graduates. Among the principal appointments was that of Dr. G. B. Bachman, who will become an associate professor of chemistry to succeed Dr. Middleton, who retired June 30. Dr. Bachman is a graduate of the University of Colorado and holds his doctor of philosophy degree from Yale University. Later he studied in Europe and then taught at Ohio State University. New appointments are: Charles Albert Allen, A.B., M.A., Instructor in English; Ernest Anderson, B.S.A., Inspector, State Egg Board, Agricultirral Experiment Station; Melvin Jensen Astle, B.S., M.S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; G. Bryant Bachman, B.A., Ph.D., Associate Professor of Chemistry; Louise Claire Baird, B.S.Ed., M.A., Assistant Instructor in Applied Design. Elliott Roy Barrick, B.S., Graduate Assistant in Animal Husbandry; Walter Malcomson Barss, B.A., M.A., Graduate Assistant in Physics; Gerald Lee Barthauer, B.A., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; George Victor Beard, B.A., M.A., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Virginia Elizabeth Berry, B.S.,M.S., Assistant in Home Furnishings, Department of Agricultural Extension. Robert O’Conner Bolt, B.S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Anthony Edward Bolyn, B.A., M.S., Instructor in Bacteriology; Fred Elsworth Bowman, B.S., Fellow in Engineering Experiment Station (XR Fellowship); Conrad Lewis Boyle, B.S., Captain, F. A., U. S. A., Assistant Professor of Military Science and Tactics. Willard Stover Breon, B.S., M.S., Graduate Assistant in Agricultural Chemistry; Frederick Kennett Broome, B.S., M.S., Graduate Assistant in Agricultural Chemistry, Agricultural Experiment Station (in cooperation with the United States Department of Agriculture); John Floyd Brown, Jr., B.S., Graduate Assistant in Bacteriology; George Hoffman Bush, B.S.E.E., M.S.Ed., Instructor in Trade and Industrial Education. Judson Charles Butler, B.A., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; MunnS Andrew Caldwell, B.S., Assistant County Agent, Lake County; Stanley Castell, B.S.A., M.A., Assistant in Botany, Department of Agricultural Extension (in cooperation with the United States Department of Agriculture); William Straight Chancellor, B.S., Graduate Assistant in General Biology. Charles Erwin Clark, A.B., Sc.M., Ph.D., Instructor in Mathematics; John Ray Clark, B.S.E.E., Graduate Assistant in Engineering Experiment Station; John Richard Clarke, A. B., M.S., Assistant Instructor in Psychology; Arthur Vincent Cohee, B. S., Graduate Assistant in Physics; Helen Neva Colby, B.S., Assistant Foods Manager, Franklin Levering Cary Memorial Halls. Leota Davis, B.A., M.A., Graduate Assistant in Speech; Richard Lester Dickinson, B.M.E., Graduate Assistant in Mechanical Engineering; Albert Arnold Clarence Dietz, B.S., M.S., Fellow in Chemistry (Purdue Research Foundation Fellowship) ; Bernice Lee Dodds, A.B., M.A., Assistant Professor of Education. James Harry Drake, A.B., B.S.L. S., Circulation Assistant, Library; Joseph Jackson Eachus, A.B., M.A., Ph.D., Instructor in Mathematics; Thomas Matthew Eastwood, B.S., Graduate Assistant in Horticulture, Agricultural Experiment Station; John Friend Eckel, B.A., M.S.,D.Sc., Assistant Professor of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering. Scott Bowen Elledge, A.B., M.A., Instructor in English; Georgia Elizabeth Elliott, B.S.H.E., Assistant Foods Manager, Franklin Levering Cary Memorial Halls; Wilma Jean Eviston, B.S.H.E., Foods Assistant, Purdue Memorial Union; Edwin Stevenson Ewart, A.B., M.A., Assistant Instructor in Psychology;
Eileen Foley, B.S.Pharm., Assistant Pharmacist, Student Health Service. Arthur Robert Fowler, B.S.Ch.E., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Eureath Arlene Freyermuth, B.S., Home Demonstration Agent, Warrick County; Dawson Gerald Fulton, A.B., M.Sc., Ph.D., Instructor in Mathematics; Marjorie Gallant, B. A. , M.A., Clinical Assistant, Committee on Speech Defects. John Delford Gantz, B.S.I.E., Manager of Grill and Post Office, Franklin Levering Cary Memorial Halls; Leslie Allen Gillette, B.S., M.S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Charles Gale Goebel, A.B., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Lowell Edward Gregg, B.S.C.E., Graduate Assistant (Joint Highway Research Project) in the Engineering Experiment Station; Samuel Mansfield Gregory, B.S.A., Assistant County Agent, Fulton County. Frederick J. Gunther, Graduate Assistant, Mechanical Engineering; Barton E. Hahn, B.S., Graduate Assistant in Botany, Agricultural Experiment Station; Allen Strickland Hall, Jr., B.S.M.E., M.S.M.E., Instructor in Machine Design; Margaret Hamilton, Head Resident, Women’s Residence Halls. Ross Arnold Hanson, B.S., Fellow in Chemistry (XR Fellowship); Merle Kenneth Harmon, A.B., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; David Burnell Hatcher, A.B., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Roy Eugene Hattan, B.S., Captain, F. A., U. S. A., Assistant Professor of Military Science and Tactics. R. Heidner, Graduate Assistant in Engineering Experiment Station; Carolyn Jane Helser, B.S., Foods Assistant, Purdue Memorial Union; Wilfred Marion Hesselberth, B.S., M.S., Assistant in Engineering Experiment Station; Florence Hester, B. S.H.E., Home Demonstration Agent, Greene County. Clifford Von Heyne, B.S., Graduate Assistant in Botany, Agricultural Experiment Station; William Beecher Hopp, B.S., Fellow in Biology (XR Fellowship); Randolph Bolling Hubard, B.S., Captain, F.A., U. S. A., Assistant Professor of Military Science and Tactics; Orpha Mae Huffman, A.B., B.S., B.S., Instructor in Institution Management. Edna Elizabeth Hutson, B.S.H.E., Assistant Home Demonstration Agent, Bartholomew County; Lawrence Edward Imhoff, A.B., Assistant Instructor in Physical Education for Men; Robert Isenbarger, B.S.Ch.E., Fellow in Engineering Experiment Station (Purdue Research Foimdation Fellowship); Pearl Jackson, B.S.H.E., Graduate Assistant in Home Economics, Ag ricultural Experiment Station. ' Henning Waldemar Jacobson, B. A. , Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Gertrude Pauline Johnson, A. B. , B.S., ' Home Demonstration Agent, Jay County; Helen Lucile Johnson, B.S., M.A., Home Demonstration Agent, Wayne County; Paul Alford Johnson, B.S.E., Instructor in Tesfjng Materials. Ulysses Simpson Jones, B.S., Graduate Assistant in Agronomy, Agricultural Experiment Station; l^dward Francis Joy, B.A., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; William Jamieson Kay, B.S. in Tech., Graduate Assistant (Joint Highway Research Project) in Engineering Experiment Station; Willard Augusta Kerr, B. Ed., Graduate Assistant in Education and Psychology. Gordon Markwood Kibler, A.B., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Robert Douglas King, A.B., Instructor in Speech; Bertil Allan Krantz, B.S., Graduate Assistant in Agronomy, Agricultural Experiment Station; Isobel Marie Krieg, A.B., Home Demonstration Agent, Noble County. Earl Leslie Kumpf, B.S.A., Assistant County Agent, Bartholomew County; Waldo Buford Ligett, B.S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; John Wood Lippert, B.S., Graduate Assistant in Speech; Rosemary Louise Lodde, B.S.H.E., Graduate Assistant in Foods and Nutrition. John Clarence Lottes, B.S.Ch.E., Instructor in Chemical Engineering; Robert Elmer Lucas, B.S.A., Graduate Assistant in Agronomy, Agricultural Experiment Station; Charlotte Elizabeth Ludwig, B.S.H. E., Graduate Assistant in Foods and Nutrition; George William McAlpin, B.S.C.E., M.S.C.E., Research Assistant (Joint Highway Research Project) in the Engineering Experiment Station. John Allan McClure, B.S., M.S.,
Assistant Instructor in Trade and Industrial Education; Oran Wesley Mansfield, B.S.A., Assistant County Agent Leader, Department of Agricultural Extension; Marion Louise Mattson, B.A., M.A., Ph.D., Director of Nursery School and Assistant Professor of Home Administration; Isabelle Meissel, Home Demonstration Agent, Clay County. Catherine Edwards Michael, B.S., M.S., Ph.D., Technician, Veterinary Science, Agricultural Experiment Station; Joseph Mihal, B.P.E., Assistant to the Manager, Franklin Levering Cary Memorial Halls; Jack Wright Miller, B.S., Assistant Instructor in Speech; Jack Harris Mitchell, B.S., Graduate Assistant in Agricultural Chemistry, Agricultural Experiment Station (in cooperation with the United States Department of Agriculture). Clifton O’Neal Mock, B.S., M.E., Instructor in Engineering Drawing; Alice M. Moore, Assistant in Foods and Housekeeping, Women’s Residence Halls; Mary Lenore Moore, B. S., Assistant Home Demonstration Agent, Grant County; Ida Dorothy Morehouse, B.S.H.E., Home Demonstration Agent, Allen County. Ralph LeRoy Morris, B.S.A., Graduate Assistant in Entomology; Melvin Lane Moss, B.S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Gerald Oakley Mott, B.S., Associate in Agronomy, Agricultural Experiment Station; George Allen Moulton, B. S., Fellow in Pharmacy (Purdue Research Foundation Fellowship). George Mueller, B.S.E.E., Fellow in Electrical Engineering; Hubert William Murphy, B.S. Pharm., M.S. Pharm., Assistant Pharmacist, Student Health Service; Herbert Charles Murray, B.S., Graduate Assistant in Bacteriology; Albert Leroy Myers, B.S., M.S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry. George Watts Newell, B.S.A., Graduate Assistant in Poultry Husbandry, Agricultural Experiment Station; John Richard O’Laughlin. B.A., M.A., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Richard Otto Papenguth, B.S., Swimming Instructor and Tennis Coach; Thomas Kenton Parkinson, B.S.A., Assistant County Agent, Henry County. Robert Owen Parks, Director of Puttering Shop, Purdue Memorial Union; Tracy Minard Patrick, Jr., A.B., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Betty Jane Pearce, B.S., B.S. L.S., Assistant in Departmental Libraries; Eugene Harold Pietsch, B. S., M.S., Instructor in Machine De-
sign.
Enos Geiger Pray, B.A., Graduate Assistant in General Biology; Dennis Henry Price, B.S.I.E., M.S., Assistant Instructor in Trade and Industrial Education; Wilbert Lucien Pronovost, Jr., B.A., M.A., Ph.D., Instructor in Speech; John Frederick Quinn, A.B., M.S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry. Joseph Mathews Ragains, A.B., Assistant Choral Director; Walter Clark Randall, A.B., Graduate Assistant in General Biology; Robert John Raudebaugh, B.S., Instructor in Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering; Elmer William Rebol, B.S., Fellow in Pharmacy (Purdue Research Foundation Fellowship). John William Rieke, B.S.E.E., Graduate Assistant in Engineering Experiment Station; Dale Welling Rinehart, Graduate Assistant in Physics; Glen Hugh Robinson, B.S. A. , Graduate Assistant in Agronomy, Agricultural Experiment Station; Elizabeth D. Roseberry^-Assis-tant Prifessor of Clothing and Tex-
tiles.
Dorothy Russell, B.S., M.Ed., Apprentice Teacher in Home Administration; Raymond Gilbert Russell, B. A., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Robert A. Russell, B.S.A., Assistant County Agent, Laporte County; George Albert Satter, B.S
GYM SHOES and SOCKS Where you gel your ROTC OXFORDS VARSITY BOOT SHOP in (he Village
uate Assistant in Education and tee, B.S., M.S., Graduate Assistant Psychology; Lawrence Kam Yout- in Chemistry.
M.A., Graduate Assistant in Education and Psychology. Robert Michael Schaffner, B. Ch. E., M.S.Ch.E., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Wallace Ewald Sc^eunemann, Ph.B., Graduate Assistant in Bacteriology; George Baldwin Powell Schick, Ph.B., M.A., Instructor in English; Newell Talbert Schmalzried, B.A., Graduate Assistant in Division of Educational
Reefrence.
Paul Henry Schmiedicke, B.S., M. D., Assistant Medical Adviser, Student Health Service; Jacob Ernest Schumacher, B.S., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Margaret Schuman, Assistant in Foods and Housekeeping, Women’s Residence Halls; Ruth Ann Shelburne, B.S.A., Housekeeper, Purdue Memorial Union. Robert Kenneth Showalter, A.B., Graduate Assistant in Horticulture, Agricultural Experiment Station; John Randall Shuman, B.S., Ph.M., Ph.D., Instructor in Animal Husbandry; Hazel Ann Smith, B.S., Graduate Assistant in Physical Education for Women; Hugh Burnes Spencer, A.B., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry. Elizabeth Sommer Sperling, B.A., B.S.L.S., Cataloguer’s Assistant, Library; Joseph Eris ^teckel, B.S.A., Graduate Assistant in Agronomy, Agricultural Experiment Station; Stephen Stepanchev, A.B., M.A., Instructor in English; Charles William Stevens, B.S.A., Assistant County Agent, Vanderburg County. Glenn William Stewart, B.S., M. S., Instructor in Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering; Leroy Franklin Stutzman, B.S. Ch.E., Graduate Assistant in Chemistry; Harold Sinclair Sweet, B.S., Graduate Assistant (Joint Highway Research Project) in Engineering Experiment Station; Horace Carl Thompson, B.S.A, Extension Field Agent, Agricultural Conservation Program, Department of Agricultural Extension. George Russell Thornton, A.B., A. M., Ph.D., Assistant Professor of Psychology; Bernard Aye Tormey, B.S., Captain, F. A., U. S. A., Assistant Professor of Military Science and Tactics; Samuel Voinoff, B.S., Assistant Freshman Football Coach and Instructor in Physical Education for Men; Milton Charles Wakefield, B.S.M.E., Graduate Assistant in Machine Design. Richard C. Webb, B.S.E.E., Fellow in Electrical Engineering; Ohmer Godfrey Wegrich, Graduate Assistant in Botany; Francis Michael White, A.B., Graduate Assistant in General Biology; John Gilbert White, A.B., Major, F. A., U. S. A., Assistant Professor of Military Science and Tactics. Virginia Batie White, B.S., A.B., A.M., Ph.D., Assistant Professor of Foods and Nutrition; Robert Owen Wickersham, B.S.M.E., Assistant Instructor in Mechanical Engineering; Nestor Alfonse Wickman, A.B., M.S., Graduate Assistant in Speech; Bert Charles Wilkas, B.S., Fellow in Engineering Experiment Station (XR Fellowship). Ruth Miriam Williams, B. Ed., Graduate Assistant in Home Administration; William Andrew Williams, B.S.A., M.S., Assistant Instructor in Agricultural Education; Robert Elmer Williamson, B.S. Pharm., Graduate Assistant in Pharmacy; James Arnold Wilson, B. A., M.A., Graduate Assistant in Education and Psychology. Shoria Gayle Wilson, B.S., M.S., Graduate Assistant in Bacteriology; Irma M. Winkleblack, B.S.Ed., Assistant Home Demonstration Agent, Clinton County; Charles Henry Witter, B.S., Graduate Assistant, Engi- ^ neering Experiment Station; Richard Lucian Witz, B.S., Graduate Assistant in Agricultural Engineering, Agricultural Experiment Station; ,Fern Elizabeth Wright, A.B., Grad-
KR^SGE'S 25c TO $I
Indirectly shaded for a soft, yet clear light—easy on your eyes! Choose from a variety of new styles, priced exceptionally low! Gooseneck lamps at 69c.
Lamp Shades
A great selection of new, cheerful patterns in fresh, charming colors. Sizes to fit all your lamps! Save at Kresge’s.
Waste Basket
25"
Metal or embossed leatherette — add greatly to the appearance of a room! Serviceable and practical!
Throw Rugs 2SV1
Plaids, rag rugs and others in an outstanding variety of exceptionally well made styles. Every one made for long, service!
MAGAZINE RACKS
Perfectly charming pieces of small furniture, finished in rich walnut! Two roomy sections to hold lots of magazines.
Small Tables
Modernistic and period designs lend smartness to a room at a very small cost. Solidly constructed; finished beautifully in Walnut.
Laundry Bags 25c Shoe Bags 25c Electric Extension Cords ..... 25c and up Electric Bulbs 10c — 15c Mirrors and Pictures 25c — $1 - ■■■•. .
KRESCB2S
$ioo
store
\» i r V
^^>l^ ^}t. >mlfit;Mh
Sdtunlacy. Sdptduibdir 9, 1939
¥H£ POfiDUE EXI^ONENT
mjgm
ttOOMS^Well lighted: new innereprlng m^reese^ Bodtd if desired 221 Sylvu.
^ ^OOMS^Well lighted: stndy roow and ddnnitoiey, hot whte^. 688 N. tiiMiiii.
Ads
FOB SAIiEi—Four ^finished library tables, two double-deck beds: reasonable. 116 Marsteller 4916.
ROOmS-^Two double rooms: near the campus. 127 Sylvia.
DOUBLE ROOM, hot irrim, ihmmtm
I: private ehtrahbe. 116 wlVia.
mattresses;
ROOM for thfee boys; continuous hot
‘ N. Salisbury,
Professors Receive New Appointments
ROOM AND BOARD—Continuous hot water. 224 Vine.
ALTERING and mending; neat work littrs. Alice Harker, 418 N. Salisbury. 6-6164
TICKETS—800, $1 00; 1,000, $2 00, Other printinK at painless prices. Karnes Print Shop, 401 S. 29fh. Phone 6206.
ivater. 828
ROOSiS—Three students at $9 month; tm at ni month. 612 N. SaiUbury.
Alrihg with the appointment
BOARD—Home-cooked breakfast,^ evening meal. Served to a few students. 128 Sylvia.
ROOMS—^Private entrance: near campus; new furniture; innerspring mattresses, 101 Fowler
ROOMS FOR RENT—^Two double rooms, one single 439 N. Salisbury. ROOM AND BOARD—^Across from Union
ROOM AND BOARD—WeU-lfghted rooms. Continuous hot water. 424 N. SalisUiiry.
Rooms—Single beds, innersptlng mattresses , half block from campus 136 S Grant
ATTRACTIVE room for instructor or graduate student. Hills and Dales. Dial 2174.
th'of, ilRtrjr Reed as deah ttf cttlkiTe, Ptof. V. G. Freeman as associate dean of agriculture, and Prof. T. A. Coleman as the associate director of the ag experiment station there have been numerous other
ROOM AND BOARD—Continuous hot water, near the campus. 619 Waldron
ROOM AND BGARD—Steam heat. Welllighted room4, new beds. 224 Sheets
Greetings
from Lafayette’s Leading Store to America’s Leading University
Purdue
Another term, another year of learning is about to start at PURDUE . . . another record enrollment is predicted; classes will soon begin in earnest, attended by many young men and women eager to learn and absorb the teachings of this typical American university, PURDUE. A cordial welcome to the freshman class, who are starting their college career and to the many students returning to finish their choosen courses; their selected studies in preparaion to their entering the channel of everyday business life. Greetings of course to the returning faculty, to the executives and to the new members of the faculty. It’s a gratifying thought to know that the influence of higher learning, the ethics of sound teaching permeates not only on the campus but extends all over this community. PURDUE, like many other universities in this country is the bulwark of democracy, the surest road to peace!
tOEB &HENC COMPANY “THE FRIENDLY SHOPPING CENTER”
appointments. Dr. J. R. Shuman has been appointed as instructor in the genetics department. M. G. Smith, who is here to complete Ph.D. degree, will be an instructor in the farm management department. Two other assistants appointed are W. S. Boren in the ag chemistry department, and J. A. Hoefer in the animal husbandry department. D. G. Pfendler has been promoted from the rank of graduate assistant to assistant to the dean.
Activities Bureau Wiil Sponsor Desk
In Lobby Of Union
ROOM AND BOARD—^Hot water, showers , insulated dorUiitory, close to campus. 124 Marsteller.
DOUBLE ROOMS: clean, comfortable, single beds, shoWers, hot water, excellent food 116 Marsteller.
Edmondson To Discuss Soy Bean Problems Here
Beginning the new school year, activities bureau under the direction of Althea Jorgeson and Bill Brewer will have a desk in the Union lobby where students desiring information cpneerning /activities may secure it. "
ROOMS—^Hot water, single and dopble beds, block from campus 219 S Grant
DOUBLE ROOMS—^Especially clean, twin beds, hot water, $12 237 S Grant
ROOMS—Continuous hot Water, single beds innerspring mattresses 134 S Grant
ROOM—Single room and single bed, near the campu9 IIB University
ROOM—Continuous hot water, well-light-ed rooms, single beds 16 University
ROOM AND BOARD—Single beds continuous hot water 6 Waldron Ph 2671
ROOMS—Continuous hot water, single beds, half block from lampus 130 S Grant Single beds, hot water 415 State St
ROOMS—Block from campus, large rooms 126 Sheets
B. Edmondson, secretary of the American Soybean Association, will discuss “Present Day Problems of Soybean Producers” before farmers attending the Gom and Soybean Field Day to be held at the University soils and crop farm, Thursday, September 21. Edmondson, a 1911 graduate of the School of Agriculture, now operates a farm near Glayton in Hendricks Goimty. He is a charter member of the American Soybean Association which was organized m
1921.
With most of the activities having agreed that no caR will be issuer for freshmen the first semester, the activities bureau will conduct a school to help freshmen select the activities which they will wish to enter at the beginning of the second semester.
This school will include talks by the heads of the various activities and by University officials. Tours of the various activities will also be conducted so that the freshmen may have an opportumty to see the actual work which they wiU have to do.
We're ahead
GRAVES' bread has what it takes to please everybody — flavor, goodness — fine, evenl texture — freshness that makes you ask for more GRAVES' popularity has won on merit
GRAVES QUALITY BAKERY
Freshmen who desire to enter activities while they are in school are reminded to familiarize themselves with the eligibility rules governing participation in a campus activity. These rules may be found on pages 64, 65, and 66 of the feeshman handbook which every freshman should have.
Since a certain scholastic standing is required for participation in activities, freshmen are cautioned to plan their schedule of study so that they will be able to meet with the scholastic requirements by the time they are ready to enter activities at the end of the first semester.
Sophomores are reminded that this IS the last year in which they can enter most of the major activities and stiU be eligible for offices their junior and senior years.
A list of the various activities and the men who those desiring to enter them should contact, may be found in the handbook.
Freshmen, Welcome
To Purdue
• SCHOOL with a greater enrollment • SCHOOL which makes basketball history • SCHOOL which rolls in tradition
SCHOOL of engineering fame
^ SCHOOL to be remembered for its social and academic contacts
SCHOOL which will make football history starting with Notre Dame Sept. 30
PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
525 Alabama 24 Hour Service
Phone 4048 After you we come firstTHE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. September 9. 1939
An Open Letter to Freshmen
I Dear Freshmen:
I "The Corner'of the Campus Yet the Center of College Activities,” in a I short by-line, refers to the location of a building on the southeast corner of the I campus and to its place in the day to day activities of the average student. I However, the Union, the Purdue Memorial Union, is much more than a I building. It is an idea, something intangible, an organization to which every I student belongs as soon as he matriculates. Its active history before the buildj ing began is longer than the history of the present brick and stone. Thousands I , of alumni and students generously contributed some $600,000 that this presI ent generation might use and expand its facilities. I No state appropriation of tax money has or will be spent on construcI tion, operation, or maintenance. I The Union has for sale many services and facilities thought most necesI sary for students. Food in the large Cafeteria, Chestnut Room, Sweet Shop, I and Grill is good, clean, and wholesome, and is-at reasonable prices. Play on I Billiard tables, bowling alleys, admission to the Union Saturday night I dances, sleeping rooms, telegrams, long distance telephone tolls, barber service, I or merchandise must be paid for with the actual cash. I Nevertheless, a large part of the Union’s space and efforts are devoted to I facilities for activities that are without any financial cost to the user. And it is I such facilities that the Union is most anxious to advertise and sell. I Become familiar with the Union as soon as you can. Ask at either of the | I two desks for information. Learn to use the Browsing Room on the first floor, | I the Music Room on the second floor, rehearsal pianos, and the Game Room on | I the ground floor for chess, checkers, and cards. Become interested in the extra- | I curricular work of the Student Union Board which manages the activities | I within the building and the many other activities which have offices and | I facilities within the building, such as the Purdue Independent Association, | I Women’s Self-Governing Association, the Debris, Engineer, Agriculturist, | I and Y.W.C.A. Participate in the splendid amateur dramatics of Playshop or | I join the Camera Club and use its dark room in the sub-basement, or find | I others to join with you in following your own hobby. | I Use the Union to make new friends and keep old ones. Make a habit of | I just walking through the Union once a day, and don’t ever feel embarrassed | I within its walls. Frequent the Lounges. Telephone your local friends from the | I Union without charge. "I’ll meet you at the Union” is smart. | I So, for a happy, successful college career, use all of these free facilities. | I Please remember always, that no matter how frequently advertisements in ‘ I I these pages ask for your patronage in the Barber Shop, Cafeteria, Billiard | I Room, Grill, Sweet Shop, Union Club rooms. Chestnut Room, or Bowling | I Alleys, that the Union is just as anxious that you read in its Browsing Room, | I play music recordings in the Music Room and use its free facilities without | I ever spending a dime. | I INSPECT THE UNION TODAY AND TOMORROW AND I I WATCH THE NEWS AND EDITORIAL COLUMNS OF "THE I I PURDUE EXPONENT” FOR IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENTS “ I I THE PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION | I The Corner of the Campus Yet the Center of College Activities | s * ^ linniiiiiniiiiiimiiniiiHiniiniiiHiinHHniHi* iiiiiiiihiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii„„|
1