~rff t
"' \ i
Purdue
Exponent
SATURDAY
March 25, 1939
Lafayette, bidiona
Vol. 50
No. 147
« <*
Metrop^itan Tenor Will Sing At Convo In Gym March 28-29 Charles Kullman, Metropolitan Opera tenor, will sing at the convocation in Memorial Gymnasium Wednesday and Thursday, March 28 and 29, at 8 p. m. Kullman, member of the Metropolitan Opera Company for the last three years, has had wide experience in both Europe and America, having sung on the stage, screen, and radio. A graduate of Yale University, Kullman was diverted from a career as a surgeon by his experience with the Yale Glee Club. After serving for a time on the faculty of Smith College, he spent several years singing in Berlin, Vienna, and the Salzburg Festival. In 1935 he made his debut at the Metropolitan Opera House, and has sung on various radio programs since 1936. Seniors, freshmen, and staff members with green tickets will be admitted on Wednesday, while juniors sophomores, staff members with blue tickets, and townspeople on Thursday. Nights may be changed by applying to Prof. J. T. Gunn in room 213, t*urdue Hall, or Miss Alice Stover, history office. Recitation Building. Eta Kappa Nu Names Fourteen Pledges At a meeting Thursday Eta Kappa Nu, electrical engineering honorary, announced its spring pledge group of 14 junior electrical engineering students. The pledges were chosen for their outstanding personalities and high scholastic merit. The pledges are: A. E. Appleyard, R. D Elbourn; R. P. Hawthorne, L. M. Heath, K. Higa, L. L. Holmes, H. M. Knight, J. E. Nitsche, H. R. Patterson, H. E. Russell, R. E. Simon, W. E. Spieuei, R. Squires, J. S. Williams. Following the announcement of the pledges. Dr. C. F. Harding gave a lecture on his recent trip through Europe. The lecture was illustrated with slides. Wanted! Snapshots Of Campus Scenes Candid pictures of campus scenes and building are in great demand at the present time. Both the Student Senate and W. A. Hart, editor of the 1939-40 freshman handbook, want a number of good prints for the Handbook and various other University publications. All prints used will be given a suitable courtesy line or acknowledgement along with the picture in the publication that it is used in. Prints must be turned in to the Union Senate office before spring vacation. They may be submitted at 4 o’clock any day of the week. The name of the submitter must be written on the reverse side of all pictures entered.
'Dress Is ImrovingLet's Give Credit Where Credit's Due' By An Uncaged Ed Whether it was spring, the efforts of Cagey Co-ed, the subconcious intellect of the ed, or all three combined, we don’t know, but the number of baggy pants and whiskers has suddenly declined. Someone crossed its up today and said, “Why don’t we give credit where credit is due ? ’’ or something to that effect. “Why not let the boys match tweeds, flashy shirts, and jackets with each other and name a winner now and then ? ” Why not let Cagey and a couple of other people that know something about men’s attire judge the boys as they romp around the campus ? -Don’t keep your ideas secret. Let the Exponent box at the main Union desk hear about them. Band Will Play Al Kokomo Tomonow Prof. P. S. “Spots” Emrick and the Purdue Symphonic Band will travel to Kokomo tomorrow for their second out of town concert. The concert is being sponsored by the Meister-singers, a Kokomo male chorus. “Bolero,” by Smith, played by a triple tonguing trumpet trio, will be one of the special features on the program. A xylophone trio composed of Fred Baase, Neil Carson and Richard Watson, will work on the “Frolic of the Keys,” by Jahrl, Trum^iet trio members are Charles Reichelderfer, Charles Heidbreder, and D. J. Wheeler. Tomorrow’s program at Kokomo will include such masterpieces as the “Barber of Seville;” selections from “Atlantis;” waltzes from “Die Fledermaus;” and the overture, “Poet and Peasant.” Dean Korstian Speaks At Forestry Banquet Dean C. F. Korstian, of the Duke University school of forestry, spoke before 135 members of the Purdue forestry club at their tenth annual banquet last night in the Central Presbyterian Church auditorium. Dr. Korstian, who is also president of the American Society of Foresters, spoke on “Present Trends in the Forestry Profession.” In his talk. Dr. Korstian gave a brief resume of the growth of the profession of forestiy. He stated that since the inauguration of the CCC, the chances in forestry for a college undergraduate have increased a hundredfold. The Forestry club’s annual senior award, presented to the outstanding man in the class, went to John H. Nichols. He received a forester’s compass. Vaudeville stunts given by members of the club completed the evening’s program. J]C. B. Glazebrook, Forestry Club president, acted as toastmaster.
Dr. Lillian Gilbreth ToSpeakAtWSGA Meet Monday At 4 Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, consulting woman engineer, will speak before a mass meting of WSGA in the women’s lounge of the Union Monday, March 27, at 4 o’clock. Her talk will include “Vogue of the Outside, and Vague in the Inside.” Candidates for WSGA offices will be introduced, and petitions of candidacy read at the meeting. Petitions must be signed by twenty-five girls and given to Mary Alice Learning, WSGA president, by Sunday, March 26. Candidates nominated for office are: president, Treva Berry, Ruth Hall, Ann Sickman; secretary, Peggy Terstegge, Paula Zwierlein; treasurer, Jane Black, Mary Jane Carr; junior representative, Joyce Burnham and Ruth Swift; and sophomore representative, Janet Bourne and Agnes McCollough. Dr. Gilbreth, who will be on the campus until March 31, talked to freshmen engineers this morning at 8 o’clock. She spoke on time budgeting as applied to the student. West Side Council Will Install Lights To Protect Students student Senate officers announced last night that two new street lights will be installed on the west side of the campus at Second and Sixth streets. Action was taken by the West Lafayette Common Council, after a Senate and WSGA survey showed that the corners were too poorly lighted for student protection. Senate committee also recommended to the West Side council that more sidewalks are needed^in various sections of West Lafayette. The superintendent of the University physical plant is compiling figures on the cost of the sidewalks. ASME Will Be Host
BUI Martin Jeepers Creepers,
Co-eds Do Strip Act! Will Present
Tonight’s Mixer Leader Bill Martin's Band To Play At Swing Show, Candid Camera Mixer Featuring the “Song of the Week” and a “Story in Music,” a novel musical fairy tale. Bill Martin’s orchestra will play for tonight’s Union Swing Show from 7:00 to 7:45 p. m. “Deep Purple” was the most popular song on the campus last week. Jim Ashton will act as master of ceremonies to introduce two new campus artists. Jo Friend, popular campus songstress, will be with Martin and the orchestra. Instigating a veritable candid camera fiends’ paradise. Debris has invited all couples attending the regular Union mixer tonight to bring their cameras. Bill Martin is also playing for the mixer. Use will be made of an “average ed” caricature painting as a background for humorous individual portraits. Debris photographers will be on hand from 10 to 10:30 p. m. to take as many pictures as possible, according to Dick McNeil of the Debris business staff. Snapshots taken by the Debris staff, which turn out well, will be sent to the student, and a limited number will be used in the informal student section of the yearbook. As an added attraction, 100 pictures from the Debris will be on exhibition at the dance.
By The Roving Reporter
Shades of Gipsy Rose Lee!!! “0. K., girls, let’s go into that strip tease number.” Hearing this cry while prowling about Fowler Hall last night, your reporter, being a true Boilermaker, endowed with the curiosity of his kind, stealthily but swiftly stole through the back door, up the aisle and seated himself behind one of the seats in the rear of
the auditorium.
This is what happened. In the scene where Yum Yum and her two sisters sing “Three Little Maids in a Seminary” the background is formed by the pony chorus—ten pretty girls in long flowing kimonos, seated in school. Suddenly the chorus decides that it no longer wishes to attend school, so into a huddle go the girls. With a lah, rah, rah, the huddle breaks up, and the girls jump up on top of their chairs and break into a tap routine. As the music goes ahh . . . boom, flick and the top button on the kimono is loosened. Soon another boom, another button, still another boom and on down the long row of buttons till out step unfrocked girls in their regular costumes. This is only one of the many dance routines arranged by Barbara Gibbs, dance director, for the AllCampus Show, “Mikado,” which is to be presented April 21 and 22 in
Fowler Hall.
Beckley Will Talk On Army Myths Tuesday Captain S. A. Beckley, Puidue military department, will speak)on “Mythology Plus” at a Delta Rho Kappa sponsored meeting Tuesday night at 7:30 p. m. In his topic, “Mythology Plus,” Captain Beckley will try to explode some army myths and discuss the United States air force, and naval force as well as
the artillery.
Everyone is invited to attend this talk sponsoi’ed by the Science hon-
orary.
Crucifixion' University musical groups will combine under the direction of A. P. Stewart, director of choral organizations, to present the annual Easter music program Monday and Tuesday evenings at 7:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall. As the last regularly scheduled convocation for worship of the semester, the program will consist of the famed cantata of Sir John Stainer, “Crucifixion, Meditation on the Sacred Passion of the Holy Redeemer.” According to Stewart, this is the best known and most loved of all the Easter cantatas, and for this reason was chosen for University observance of Easter and the Lenten period. Organ, Orchestra, Soloists George E. Osborn, a senior in the School of Pharmacy, will open the Easter service with an organ prelude. Following this will be the Cantata, with music provided by the 35 piece University orchestra and a choir of 200 voices. Soloists will include Marvin Smith and Paul Worcester, tenors; Charles Powell, Wallace Woodrow, and Donald Pyke, baritones; Van W. Coddington and Robert Ek, basses. Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman of the religious convocation committee, said that these musical convocations have so far been very well received. The program of Christmas carols had such an overflow crowd that the committee, anticipating a similar attendance for the Easter, service, decided to present the program on two evenings, A complete program will be printed in tomorrow’s Exponent. The convocation will be open to townspeople as well as students.
At Dinner Meeting Primary Election
Wili Be Heid Monday
The Purdue Student Branch ASME will be host to members of the Central Indiana Section ASME at a joint dinner meeting in the ballroom of the Union Building Wednesday evening, March 29, at 6:30 p. m. After the dinner the following members of the Student Branch will compete for the honor of representing Purdue at the Chicago Conference next month: J. K. Bryan wilt discuss “Smoke Prevention;” D. C. Harvey, “The Cone Worm Gear,” and W. R. Rhodehamel, “100 Octane Gasoline.” Leave dinner leservations with Miss Osterling at Professor Young’s office in the ME Building or telephone her at 2125. Price is 85c per
plate.
Members not attending the dinner are welcome to attend the meeting afterwards.
Sidewalk Construction Experts Revel As Work Is Resumed On The New Music Hall
Piimaiy elections for WAA officers will be held Monday afternoon, March 27, at 4 o’clock in the women’s gym. Two-thirds of the active members must be pi-esent at the primary in order to nominate a third candidate for each office. If twothirds are not there, the slate of nominees for office will remain as it is. The active membership list, which will be posted Saturday evening, will include the girls who have ear ned their 25 points and who have paid their dollar dues. These girls will be eligible to vote. Any mistakes in the list should be rep^ps§ed at the primary on Monday, and any errors will be checked.
By Bob Beer Purdue’s chapter of Sidewalk Construction Experts was reveling this week, as work was resumed on the new Music Hall. It has been a long time since the foundations i^ere excavated and after that the routine work of pouririg concrete did not seem to require the kibitzers’ direction. And after all, it was cold during the winter. However, the advent of spring has set fire to latent energies; they are again out en masses, surrounding the Music Hall and standing about in small groups exchanging export advice. If too weighty a problem presents itself, there are always the workers about to explain the intricacies of the job. All-Steel Frame The Music Hall is particularly in-
triguing, for unlike other buildings now under construction, it will have an all steel frame. The steel will be fabricated at East Chicago mills. Center of attraction yesterday was the giant erection crane shifting about and swinging the heavy steel plates into place on the concrete foundation. Inquiry uncovered the fact that it has a 146-horse-pow-er diesel engine, a lifting capacity .of 30 tons. Workers were busy in painting a 30 foot section of the boom, which when inserted will give the boom a total length of 110 feet. Sidewalk enginers will be thrUled to hear that another identical crane is standing on the siding behind the University Creamery, waiting to be called into service when occasion demands.
Fraternities, Sororities Announce New ’39 Initiates
This is a partial list of fraternity and sorority initiates, as several have not initiated their pledges, and others have not turned in a list of newly initiated students. Exponent will continue these lists in future editions.
Alpha Chi Omega Naomi Abel, Winchester; Janet Bourne, Portland; Mary Jane Dietrich, West Lafayette; Jean Fickle, Frankfort; Natalie Haw^^ins, South Bend; Patricia Keiser, Indianapolis; Barbara Lommen, Cleveland Height, 0.; Bette Smith, Lafayette; and Kathryn Vernor, Rockford, 111.
ces Jones, Muncie; Janet Kimball, Oak Park, 111.; Kathryn Lgng, Galeburg, 111.; Mary Lee, Dayton, 0.; Ruth Newton, Niagara Falls, N. Y.; Estelle Young, Allentown, Pa. The following officers were chosen; Muriel Smith, social-chairman; Sue Enders and Maxine Chaille, co-rush chairmen.
West Lafayette; Virginia Sommer, Peoria, 111.; Dorothy Quinn, South Bend; Janice Yeoman, Wilmette, 111.; Mary Ruth Craig, West Lafayette; Joan Cooper, Swissvale, Penn.; Alice Reed, LaGrange, 111.; Mary Spieth, Chicago, 111.; Vivian Petersen, Indianapolis; and Jane Haltom, Moorseville.
C. W. Kennedy, Stockwell; P. E. Hassler, Connersville; J. E. Klinker, Klondike; J. F. Corya, Greensburg; V. L. Stine, Goshen; C. R. Kirkpatrick.
Beta Sigma Psi
Bartlesville, Okla; E. A. McClintock. Oak Park, III.; V. C. Hossleman, Lima, O.; T. V. Cherrington, Toledo; O.; George Jones, Jamestown, New York; and R. F. Thompson, Columbus, 0.
Acacia
R. B. Robertson, Terre Haute; F. L. Zimmerman, Davenport, la.
Alpha Xi Delta
Kappa Kappa Gamma Alpha Gamma Rho
Clyde Beaurline, Oak Park, 111.; Henry Heard, Oak Park, 111.; Charles Schmidt, LaPorte; Robert Schmidt, LaPorte; Albert Schnaible, Lafayette; Herbert Thober, Elmore, 0.; and August Winkler, Benton Harbor, Mich.
Della Chi
J. R. Bowman, Delphi; W. F. Jenkins, Hartford City; R. A. Luthi, Forest Park, 111.; R. E. Probert, Salem, 0.; A. N. Rossi, Pekin; R. J. Todd, Delphi; E. J. Van Meter, Anderson.
Jane Ellen Blind, West Lafayette; Sue Enders, West Lafayette; Bernadine Evans, Glen Ellyn, 111.; Fran-
Katherine Ade, Kentland; Eleanor Kistler, Western Springs, 111.; Dorothy Andrew, Lafayette; Patricia Potter, Lafayette; Helen Lange,
L. W. Combs, Lowell; J.R. Brown, Brown, Rushville; G. I. Clodfelter, Greencastle; D. M. Ogilvie, Sandwich, 111.; C. L. Ford, West Point;
Beta Theta Pi
Della Tau Delta
W. H. Hayt, Cincinnati, O.; T. D. Carpenter, Columbus, O.; W. W. Frank, Hammond; W. T. Wells,
John F. Adamson, Glencoe, III.; Burton Anthony, Wilmette, 111.; Joseph E. Glover, Hunt-
ington, W. Va.; Heiio F. Hays, Denver, Colo.; Joe A. Hays, Indianapolis; John W. Kendrick, Hubbard Woods, 111.; Robert H. McGhee, Gaiy; William J. Manby, South Bend; Charles G. Spoerei*, Evanston, 111.; Richard P. Thornton, Elkhart; Fi’ed J. Daoust, Defiance, O.; John T. Hepburn, Toronto, Ontario; Robert A. Verner, Linden, N. J., and Richard A. Wilson, South Bend. Election of the following officers was also announced: President, Herbert F. Fishburn; vice-president, D. Wayne Hallstein; House manager, John Patterson; Treasurer, John Swander; Recording sewetary, Hehn Hays, and Corresponding secletary, Richard A. Wilson. (Continued on page 4)^ I
£dibfdjaL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
3'SiaiwutA,
Saturday, March 25, 1939
A Newspaper's Mailbox... . . , seems to be considered a legitimate target for all and sundry gilt-edged sucker schemes and propaganda campaigns. A college newspaper usually gets far more than its share of this, since_ the unsavory enterpreneurs evidently consider college students easy marks. Mail is always a welcome sight to any student. In all the University’s many rooming places the spots which receive most attention are those in which mail is regularly deposited. News from home, letters from the girl or boy friend, and, last but not least, money, comes through the channels of the United States mail. Therefore ;the wily schemer who addresses his viciods propaganda to a college newspaper is practically sure that it will be eagerly devoured. Inspiration for this tirade comes from a particularly disillusioning day’s crop of mail received at the Exponent office yesterday. Among a large batch of fancy envelopes lay one which contained the prize gold brick of the year. We earnestly wish there were a law against using the mails for such a scheme, but as far as we know it doesn’t break any laws. The “Hat Style Council” of New York City is the culprit in this case—and it has hatched out what we consider the most ingenious and the most contemptible plot of the year. It is built around another one of these 20th century cash prize contests. This one offers a total of 300 dollars worth of prizes for editors of college papers. To compete for these prizes the editors must write an editorial on the subject “The Importance of Hats in the College Man’s Wardrobe”—and publish it in his newspaper. The writers of the best editorials will receive the cash prizes. In this way the sponsors of the contest hope to get thousands of dollars worth of free advertising space for a paltry 300 dollars. Newspapers which fall for this scheme will be cheating both themselves and the national advertisers which pay good money for their space. However, we have enough confidence in the business perspicacity of college editors to believe that only a very few of them will let themselves be made suckers. Propaganda announcing this contest came through the offices of Campbell-Ewald Com-
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of hlareh 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by earrief for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
Editor-In-Chief. Business Manager.... PUBUCATION STAFF
Managing Editor L. 8. Hardin City Editor. - D. A. Bailey Associate Editors 6. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. Bl Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. Q. Terrio, J. C. Woodson Sophomore Assistants—E. Anlf, E. Beer, E. DeHoOg, E. Donahue, P. Ganzar, D. Heiple, E. Howard, C. Leber, E. Massey, J. McKee, C. McKeighan, M. Miers, M. Patterson, E. Taylor, K. Thompson, J. Willsey, A.
Yates.
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antoninl Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E, Smith Art Director-. D. J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor. Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Bet^ Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
.R. L. McDonald J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard
EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
EditorAssociate Editors
pany of New York—a Broadway advertising agency. They very probably cooked up this contest as part of an advertising campaign for the Hat Style Council, which we suppose is an alliance of hat manufacturers. Consequently we can only blame the shady business instincts of the advertising agency—the hat makers probably didn’t realize what was going on. If this editorial may be called free publicity we have contributed nine or ten dollars worth, according to our advertising rates. So that this outburst will not be wasted we intend to enter this editorial in the ill-smelling contest.
Dick Shelton To Play For Gold Peppers' Dance On March 31 Gold Peppers, athletic booster and social honorary for junior women, will sponsor the first co-ed bid dance of the semester on Friday, March 31. Short dresses, rather than semi-formals as previously announced, will be in order. Dick Shelton and his band from the University of Illinois will play for the dance. Shelton, who has been featured on the campus before, has also played long engagements at the Aragon and Trianon in Chicago. During the evening. Gold Peppers pledges for next year will be announced. The pledge list will be made up of girls prominent in campus activities and who have maintained a 4. scholastic index for three years. Tickets, which are one dollar each, may be purchased at sorority houses, the Womens’ Residence Halls, or the Union desk. However, after Tuesday, March 28, tickets will be available at the Union desk only.
Former 4-H Members Meet Tonight In Women's Gym University students who were formerly members of 4-H clubs will hold their annual party tonight from 8 to 11 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. The evening’s program will include dancing, games, and other entertainment. Refreshments will be served. Tickets are priced at 10 cents and may be purchased from any committee member or at the door. Dr. W. E. Martin Will Serve At Biological Station Dr. Walter E. Martin, formerly of the biology department, has been selected to serve on the teaching staff of the Marine Biological Station at Woods Hole, Mass., during the coming summer. Dr. Martin, who is now assistant professor of zoology at DePauw University, has carried on research in zoology at the Station with other members of the Purdue staff each summer since 1934.
ARC
—LAST DAY— ilitimtjtiMililll.HMilililt'i
mmfrjmi A Grand NatloMd Pictnta
ALSO 'FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS," Serial
SUNDAY-MONDAY "I AM THE LAW" "TARNISHED ANGEL"
MARS STARTS TOMORROW
LUI3A
T Acnr r\ A V
— AND — BOB BAKER in "Honor of the West'
SUNDAY-MONDAY
f.? oog.' Buck Benny’s
— EXTRA — News Shots of Big Ten Swimming .. Meet held at Purdue. ADMISSION Nights and Sundays 35c Week Day Matinees 25c Children 10c TODAY "Breaking the Ice" plus "Held for Ransom"
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE 11:30 Tickets Go On Sale, 10:15 Regular Saturday tickets will not be honored for the Midnite Prevue.
IMaiiI
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
nr-—i-'S! m— —r-r,t ,
When I hear a bit of news— Tho’ I don’t believe it’s true I send it in to Bold and Black— They clean it up and dish it out— "The Vice of Old Purdue.’’ For Sale—One catfish^—call Theta house—easy term^. About the little question in our minds recently regarding MENDEZ and BETTY COVER ... she got the pin! . . . the Delt brothers can breathe a sigh of relief now. Little Mary had a garden But her love for it has fled—• Cause she found a young sweet William In her brown-eyed Susan’ sbed. Will someone please tell the Alpha Chi Rhos to put on some clothes when they decide on a roof sun bath . . . the girls on third floor of WRH South can’t get any afternoon reading done. Paid Ad by WRH. In glancing through some recent newspaper advertisements, we’re wondering what they mean when referring to beautiful women as being hand-picked . . . woiild you venture to give us an answer ? Weekly Crossword Puzzle— FRAZEE giving YEOMAN the rush . . . has date with JODY PAULAS for prom . . . BUBBLES BAKER has secret admiration for JODY PAULAS . . . JODY rushed a wee bit by DUNSHEE . . . Problem Who will be the winner for who? ? A little girl— A great big date— You’ll have tonight at Half past eight. A little dance In the Union hall. A little spoon And then you fall. A little ride— A bite to eat— A goodnight kiss The night’s complete. The morning aft You sit and think You’re feeling fine You’re in the pink. When you dream of lovers And gamboling lambs You’re in love! You’d better SCRAM! And the loyalty these fraternity brothers have for each other . . . ELEANOR POOR has been dating exclusively BUD SMITH . . . Delt . . . out of the clear blue sky . . .
‘I’d love to go to the movies tonight, Patrick—^but I hate to
leave the baby with its mother.”
a Delt brother calls up ELEANOR And so out in the crool, crool old
for a date and gets it! Tenth Commandment . .. AND THOU SHALL NOT STEAL THY BROTHER’S
GIRL!
world we skip merrily to coUege.
>^111 the M&W
FCOWEPS' SEEDS— JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIN ST.
PHONE 2777
Sfarr/ng tuwmn -JAMES 91 I LewAY^ES • Lewis STME aB<7'*The bitemationa! IcA FolliAS**
TODAY only
M\
JO^
Stage Shows at
1:10-3:25-5:40-8:00-10:15
—ADMISSION—
All SEATS 25t T All SEATS 30t !
:00
to
2:00
2:00 p. m. to closing 30c-40c—Children 15c all day_ » ^, ? ^ ' k. '■n. y« '^ ■• ^ ' ^' 5 i ' " ■< »\ /‘^’?\>\%tMh-'^
Saturday, March 25, 1939
THE PURDUE
O'EXPONENT
1)
Boilermaker Gridders Showing Ability In , Pre-Season Practice; Galvin, Byelene Star Scrimmaging under the hot sun in yesterday’s practice session, the Boilermaker gridders began to show some of the playing ability that will be in great demand on the Purdue team next fall. Defensive and offensive tactics, although still rusty, are beginning to develop in an encouraging manner,
first-string backfield
Naming a
including Petty at fullback, Byelene and Galvin at the halfback positions and Kersey calling signals, Coach ElWard started the Riveter ball carriers plunging through the line. Preceded by stalwart blocking, John Galvin and Mike Byelene plunged through for steady gains. “Whitey” Looks Good Starring on the line in offensive plays, “Whitey” Johnson broke holes in the defensive second team’s line. John Petty, fullback, plunged through the line behind the blocking of the strong side linesmen. Axton at center, Johnson at guard. Potter at tackle, and Britt at end. Opposing the first stringers, Moe Aronson starred for the second team while his teammates did their share in breaking up the strong attack. Although quick passing is being stressed in pre-scrimmage practice, ^Elward’s proteges haven’t mastered the technique yet. Booters appeared to be in trim as 60 and 70 yard punts were common.
WBAA
THE VOICE OF PURDUE”
—Today.— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:15—Carolyn Wood, soprano. 11:30—High School Guest Program./ 12:00—Time Service. 12:00—Tune Time, Charles Powell. 12:16—The Woman Shopper. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market Reports. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—College Caravan. 2:00—Stamp Club of the Air. 2:16—Greek Letter Parade. 2:45—Paul Funk, pianist. 3:00—Campus Varieties.
COLONIAL GARDENS TOMMY TUCK-ER INN Why Can’t You? Dine Dance
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REiSNER
R. C. EiSENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Locksmith
R. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
'/ "C" CARTER for 1 Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATI SHARPINiNG Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Professional
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, dMk locks, night latches and padtocks. Auto keys a specialty. BIcyclee, ae'essorles and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phene 2i2i
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST ll9Mt Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Boilermaker Track Men Race At Chicago
Wildhack Will Dive Today In College Meet Michigan is playing host this week end to the cream of the nation’s swimmers who have gathered in Ann Arbor to compete in the National Collegiate Swimming Meet. Representing 25 widely scattered schools, these men are attempting to put a halt to the Wolverines’ march toward their sixth consecutive intercollegiate crown. Newly elected co-captain of the Boilermaker swimming team, George Wildhack, left Thursday for Michigan to participate in the high boai d diving events. Ho will run up against stiff competition in the persons of A1 Patnik of Ohio State, the nation’s top springboard artist, his teammate Earl Clark, and the Eastern champ, Russ Greenwood of Harvard. Wildhack placed fifth in the Big Ten low board championships. Adolph Kiefer will probably have carried away top honors by the close of today’s races. This star, a topnotchers in U. S. swimming, should win the backstroke and the 1,500meter events. Table Tennis Team Wins Thursday night, as part of the athletic carnival, Purdue’s table tennis team defeated Indiana in a return match by the score of 14 games to 11. Gene Weisman again led Purdue with four wins and one loss. Also for Purdue, Bill Harris, Dave Nassau, and Fred Farr each won three and lost two. Ratchford led Indiana with four wins and one loss.
Riveter Baseball Team Engages In Intra-Squad Encounter Today At 1:30 Giving the student body its first chance to view the 1939 Boilermaker baseball squad, an mtra-squad game will be held on the field north of the’ Fieldhouse at 1:30 today. Coach Dutch Fehring has provided the “Gold” squad with a liberal sprinkling of last year’s veterans, while the “Black” team is composed of reserves. Rupert and Navta will be the pitchers for the regulars with Warner, Wargo and Emmert sharing mound duties for the reserves. Arnold Bredewater, number one Boilermaker hurler of the past two years, is troubled with a sore arm and will see no action until later in the season. Varieties Headline Campus Swing Trio WBAA’s Campus Varieties will feature Benny Burns, Pat Heine,and Dick Pittenger this afternoon at 3 o’clock. Due to repeated requests, Hoagy Carmichael’s “Hong Kong Blues,” which was originally played on the all-Carmichael program, will be repeated. Something new and different—a special feature—a tongue tap dancer—will be heard. The piano, g^uitar, and clarinet trio, composed of Russ Mock, Dick Pittenger, and Bob Fitzgerald which was introduced last week will also be included on the program. Instrumental soloists will be Russ Mock on the piano and Ervin Underwood on the xylophone. Due to the increase in activities and spring functions, the program will originate from the band room of Jefferson high school. Because of the conditions agreed on for the use of the band room, no studio audience will be permitted.
Delta Tan Delta Crowned Carnival Champions; Make Points In Boxing And Wrestling Events After finishing the tedious job of figuring points for the multitude of events in the Thursday night’s athletic carnival, the Intramural department has crowned Delta Tau Delta fraternity champions with 79 points. The Sigma Phi Epsilon entries finished second with 69, Delta Chi took third with 60, and Phi Kappa and Beta Theta Pi tied at 31 points for fourth. Four Mat Winners ” Wrestling and boxing seemed to be the big point getter for the top three teams, Delta Tau getting 63 points from the two, SPE 51, and Delta Chi 48. Delta Chi was the big noise in the mat events, taking four titles, but fell short in the box-
ing events.
The winner of the carnival will get no extra points toward the annual fraternity participation trophy, but all entries in thq Silver Derby and relay events get points, with the winners getting five additional
points.
Co-eds Will Discuss Sorority Problems Pan Hellenic problems will be discussed by organized women at an open forum to be held in. the Old Chestnut room of the Union at 3:45 this afternoon. Mrs. Edith Reese Crabtree, Brookline, Mass., national director of membership and Pan Hellenic for Kappa Kappa Gamma, will be a co-leader of discussions with Mrs. Clara R. Rader, Phi Mu national Pan Hellenic representative. The symposium is pa^t of Kappa Kappa Gamma’s Delta province convention program, now in session. Intramural Schedule
VOLLEYBALL Today r 30 p m —Theta Xi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Phi Kappa Psi, Alpha Gamma Eho, Alpha Tau Omega, Kappa Delta Rho, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Kappa Sigma. - ,
BRING YOUR CAMERAS
—TO-
DEBRIS Candid Camera Dance
MIXER TIME
UNION BALLROOM
Clothes for Spring They're here! — the smartest new models you ever laid your eyes on. Beautiful imported and domestic fabrics. Styles, colorings, patterns you'll go for on sight.
SUITS $2 150 Others $19.50 up
TOPCOATS $2150 Others $19.50 up
BALTIMORE CLOTHES SHOP Phone 2873 414 Main St.
West Lafayette Baptist Roger William Club 9:30 a. m.—Class will be taught by Mr. C. E. Dammon. 10:35 a. m.—Morning church set vice with Mr. C. E, Dammon as
speaker.
5:30 p. m.—Discussion Group social hour with lunch at 6:00. 6:30 p. m.—An hour of Songs, Devotions, and Instrumental Music in the church auditorium. 7:30 p. m.—Cynthia Jones Hall. The Club will sponsor the play, “J. Smith and Wife.” By special request, The Laboratory Group of the University Playshop will repeat this play at this time. The public is in-
vited.
Purdue Christian Foundation cooperating with The Lafayette Christian 9:30 a. m.—Student Class, Barton Hunter, speaking topic, “Brother, Aie Y6n Saved?” 10:40 a. m.—Moining worship, seimon, “Finding Your Place in Life,” Rev. Doyle Mullen. 5-30 p. m.—Social Hour. 6:15 p. m.—Vespers and Conseciation Seivice. Presbyterian and Congregational Students Morning program at Central Piesbyterian Church, 7th and Columbia Streets, Lafayette. 9:30 a. m.—Group discussion led by Dr, G. H. Graves. 10:40 a, m.—Morning Worship. Sermon by Dr. W. R. Graham. Special music by the choir, led by Mr. A. P. Stewart. Evening program at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz Street, West Lafayette. 6:00 p. m.—Supper and Student Forum. There will be a panel discussion of Economic Pump Priming.
Bodeau Runs 1,000 Yard Event Against Crack New Yorker In the Chicago Relays to be held in the International Amphitheater at Chicago tonight, Purdue will have a number of outstanding track men against whom to participate. Steve Gutting, the Boilermaker entry in the hurdles event and who recently tied the world record for the 60 yard high hurdles, will be pitted against such outstanding timber toppers as Elmer Gedeon of Michigan, Ed Smith of Wisconsin, Larry O’Connor, Allan Tolmich and other stars of equal importance. Bodeau In 1,000 Yard Captain Art Bodeau, winner of the half mile in the Big Ten conference, will be competing against a brilliant field of distance runners including Chuck Borican, who races for a New York athletic club. Borican recently defeated Glen Cunningham in the 1,000 yard run and unofficially broke the world' record. Today Is Play Day; Co-ed Athletes Gather Activities ol the WAA Play Day featuring intercollegiate basketball competition, began this morning in the Women’s Gym. The morning’s basketball schedule includes, at 10:30 DePauw vs. Ball State, and Indiana vs. Purdue; and at 11 o’clock, DePauw vs. Indiana State Teachers, and Chicago vs. Purdue. In the afternoon contests between Ball State, DePauw and Chicago are scheduled. Other games offered for competition are volley ball, ping pong, shuffleboard, and swimming. At noon, luncheon will be served for the guests in the faculty lounge of the Union. A tea in rooms 1 and 2, following the afternoon activities, will close the play day. Girls chosen to represent Purdue in basketball are Janette Sheaffer, Martha Schroder, Mary Ellen Scarf, Caroline Britton, Katherine Mounce, Georgia Walker, Elinor Ward, Elizabeth Maier, and Carolyn Blagrave. Everyone, including eds and coeds, is invited to attend these intercollegiate co-ed basketball games in the Women’s Gym.
St. John’s Episcopal 8:00 a. m.—^Holy Communion. 10:45 a. m.—Morning service. 6:00 p. m.—Young People’s Fellowship.
UNIVERSITY DRUG STORE DRUGS • SODAS • SUNDRIES W. 1. ARTH, '37 D. N. HANSELL, '37 PHONES 4094-4095 —WE DELIVER
V
0<' V ® A -U ^
LOEB&HCNC COMPANYI^Ss ’ ’*' t ' ''" ’^ ^ , '^' ’>'“( 'i ‘ ' ' , ‘v-f'" * I ''!<*!*■'>;'’■'W, '" ''* *■>' ' ',('*5^ ‘ “j l« • t * =r , , . iU r ^
3[txaL Gdiu
THE PUBPUE EXPONENT
^yioJtiaUL
Saturday, Match 25, 1939
Fraternities- % (Continued from page 1) Kappa Delta Rho E P. Ratti, Indianapolis; J. E. Kendall. Houston, Tex.; J. N. Kraas, Indianapolis; C. J. Kennedy, Pei’ry, N. Y.; and D. L. Fye, Indianapolis.
Kappa Sigma
J M. Albeitonson, Washington, D. C.; R P. Bui rows. Shaker Heights, O.; J Crain, Logansport; R. S. Decker, Indianapolis; W. L. Gourley. Gary; J. S. Green, Chicago, 111.; H. H. Hunter, Indianapolis; F. C. Kioft, Logansport; E. E. Loveless, Claiks Hill; H C. Pinnock, Detroit, Mich ; W. C. Sweeney, Indianapolis; R J. Thomas, Chicago, 111. Phi Gamma Delta Richard L. Du ham. West Lafayette; Donald E. Travis, St. Clairsville. 0.; Eugene M. Mcllwain, Campbell, N. Y.; Charles E. Brandt, Indianapolis; Lewis S. Campbell, Indianapolis; William A. Campbell, Foit Leavenworth, Kan.; Robert T. Cutler, West Lafayette; Henry P. Evans, Riverside, 111.; Thomas W. Jay, Richmond; William K. Lancet, Indianapolis; Goidon B. Robbins, West Lafayette; Donald B. Smith, Mishawaka. Nevly-elected officers are Robeit W. Viehe, president; Robert C. Kany, treasurer; Charles A. Heidbredei. lecording secretary; Harley W. Rliodehamel, historian.
Belles, Terre Haute; J. E. Deets, Lafayette; R. G. Ehmer, Chicago, 111.; A. J. Graf, Wilmette, 111.; V. G. Hill, Kokomo; G. K. McWorkman Indianapolis; P. J. Miller, Kokomo; R, F. Sears, Indianapolis; R. J. Shadfoi’d, Denver, Colo.; J.D. Wolff, Wilmette, 111. Phi Kappa Sigma E. Evers, Sturgis, Mich.; C. Standard, Hartfoi-d City; R. M. Clark, Highland Park, 111.; M. D. Baughman, Warren, O.; R. E. Spangler, Highland Park, 111.; P. W. Dwyer, Pendleton; R. A. Reynolds, Eaton; R. W. Hallet, Wilmette, 111.; J. F. Roland, Chicago, 111.; C. G. Kjellberg, Chicago, 111.; and W. E. Allen, Cleveland, 0.
Phi Kappa Tau
D. R. Forbes, Oak Park, 111.; L. E. T. Melton, Cedar Lake; L. H. Miller, Louisville, Ky.; J. H. Roman, Chicago, 111.; W. R. Sachse, Omaha, Neb.; P. K. Zimmerman, Chicago, 111.
R. P. Brock, Chicago, 111.; V. A. Cheney, Chicago, 111.; F. T. Driesbach, Louisville, Ky.; J, E. Galvin, Chicago, 111.; R. M. Ferrei*, New Rochelle, N. Y.; R. E. Fox, Ft. Wayne; E A. Hannfin, Chicago, 111.; J. A. Juhnke, Chicago, 111.; R. D. McCarthy, Princeton, N. J.; W. T. Mahan, Madisonville, Ky.; C. N. Moser, Hammond; R. D. O’Neil, Ashland, Ky.; and F. X. Staishak, Chicago, 111.
W. T. Brookman, Chicago, 111.; D. H. Garmoe, Chicago, 111.; R. J. Kotfila, Chicago, 111.; W. D. Marsh, Ft. Wayne; and C, D. Swaim, Roswell, N. M.
!l
Flank Merriell, Cleveland, 0.; Frank Branner, Chicago, 111.; Albert Hoppe, Whiting; George Hussey, Maywood, 111.; David Lennox, Chicago, 111.; Dee Very Meek, Lafayette; Clayton Newhagen, Oak Park, 111.; Alvin Morehouse, West Lafayette; Jack Jones, Harvey, 111.; George Shoemaker, Chicago, 111. Sigma Phi Epsilon G. E. Adams, Evansville; J. C. Chase, Louisville, Ky.; R. M. Skallerup, Maywood, 111.
Tau Epsilon Phi M. B. Bernhard, Nevir York City; I. H. Glazer, Norwalk, Conn.; R. M. Shanhouse, Rockford, 111. Tau Kappa Epsilon Joseph Brennen, Muncie; Frank Sandoval, Albuquerque, N. M.; and Thomas Sly, Decatur. Theta Chi Charles Pinkerton, Indianapolis; Ralph Lehr, Noblesville; Jack Keppler, Muncie; Robert McKenzie, Chattsworth, Ga.; Oscar Gi'ab, New Rochelle, N. Y.; Ned Ochiltree, Oak Park, 111.; Harold Rodenberg, Centerville,; and Frank Hedges, Gary. Theta Xi Fred Brunner, Chicago, 111.; Stephen Fitch, Auburn; Henry Goebel, St. Louis, Mo.; Albert Rogers, Detroit, Mich.; Harold Lambertus, Indianapolis; Don Marden, Detroit, Mich. r Iowa College Alumni To
Iowa State College alumni will have a dinner meeting in the Home Economics Building at 6:15 p. m. on Monday, March 26. Dui’ing the meeting, motion pictures of the Iowa campus will be shown, also the recent developments of the institution will be discussed.
MISCELLANEOUS
Sigma Pi
R W. Baily, Peoria, 111.; F. G.
W. G. Klehforth, Richmond; J. A. Kutz, Tipton; J. E. Helmich, Richmond; R. P. Reul, Roselle, N. J.; G. Saboff, Indianapolis; C. L. Stewait. West Lafayette.
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Plying club share. If interested call Bob Marshall at 4031.
This Fact About CROWN CLEANING Should Interest You When your clothes are CROWN CLEANED, they are also moth proofed at the same time by the MONITE moth proofing process. A protection to your clothes against moth damage for 6 months or until cleaned again. Contrary to public opinion—moths are destructive both winter and summer.
FINE CUE AN ERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
S^nioiA., fkmmdbcJc ... The old saying—a word to the wise is sufficient—applies very well in the case of all graduating seniors. Nothing makes life more secure than an insurance policy of the right kind. Inquire about our ^'SENIOR SPECIAL.’’ the Lafayette Life
Personnel Notes
Visiting Purdue: March 28. Interviewing; Mechanical engineering seniors.
Company: The Firestone Tire & Rubber Company, Akron, O. Representative: E. W. Oldham. Visiting Purdue: Tuesday and Wednesday, March 28 and 29. Interviewing: Mechanical engineering seniors. Employment: Research and design.
Company: United States” Steel Corporation and subsidiaries. Representatives: L. G. Andrews, Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation; H. G. Goehring, American Steel & Wire Company; J. W. Small, American Bridge Company. Visiting Purdue: March 28 and 29. Employment: Maintenance. Interviewing: Chemical, civil, electrical and mechanical engineering seniors.
Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the twonty-four hours immediately prededing or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the Cashier an extra fee of $6.00 for each twenty-four hbur period or fraction thereof missed. —FISHER.
Gold Peppers: Compulsory meeting Tuesday, March 28, at 6 p. m in the WSGA oifice. Please be prompt. —COOLEY.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, March 26, 7:46 in room 2 of the Union. Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN. Freshman Engineers: All those enrolled in engineering lectures report Saturday, March 26, at 8 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. Lillian Gilbreth will talk. Roll will be taken by seating list. —KNAPP.
Poultry Club: Meeting at the Poultry Building Monday, March 27, at 7:30 p. m.*" -JENKINS.
University Orchestra: Report at ballroom of Union Saturday, March 26, ready to play by 12 p. m. —PHILLIPS.
Co-eds: Any girl wishing to petition for any WSGA office must have her petition m the hands of Maiy Alice Learning at Residence Hall North by Sunday, March 26, at 6 p. m. —LEAMING.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, March 28, at 7 :30 p. m in room C of the Union —MACK.
Freshmen Fencers: Will the ioUowing men report to the fencing room at 4 p. m, Monday, March 27, to gtart the final round: Burl, Redhead, Seltenwright, Murray, Guyer, McConnell, Anderson, Partridge, Oakes, Parks, Abell, Ubell, and Croxall. —MEIER.
Company: Marion Steam Shovel Company, Marion, O. Representative: C, A. Faulkner, Personnel Director.
Co-ed Exponent Staff: Meeting Monday, March 27, at 4 p m. in room E of the Union Assignment for co-ed edition. ■' —WICKARD
Penalty Days: The twenty-four hour periods from noon March 31 to noon April 1 and all day April 10 are penalty dates.
A TIP-
It's getting fair and warmer. This means shopping for a lighter weight suit. For your spring suit this year, inspect our fine tailoring and luxurious fabrics. IN SOCIETY BRAND Suits our selection includes all styles in single and double breasted, with a grand choice of woolens, tweeds, cheviots, and other fabrics in plain colors and fine stripes.
r
Phone 2237
WEST LAFAYETTE
316 Stafe
^aJdsifCi, CUBE-WELL For Perfect Writing Pleasure Writes Pages With One Dipping The comb feed, reservoir style pen enables user to write without frequent dipping. Smooth Writing The pen point is made of wear resisting, stainless, noncorrosive metal. It guarantees smooth, effortUss writing Pen Is Always Ready To Write An exclusive flow-control valve insures smooth, even flow of ink. It mains correct pen point ink level in pen-well. Just reach for pen and start writing immediately. Visible Ink Supply Visible ink supply tells at a glance when refilling is necessary. Another exclusive Cube-Well feature. Smart . . . Practical Styled by Carter, the Cube-Well is a welcome addition to all writing desks. Its set-back shape is the last word in modern design. Eliminates ink Mixing Problems Unsatisfactory writings result when inks are mixed. Now it is possible to avoid this. The ink supply In Carter's Cube-Well can be replenished by shYiply calling for the ink named on the Ink bottle label.
Complete with
Delta Rho Kappa: Meeting Tuesday, March 28, at 7:80 p. m. in the old chestnut room of the Union. Speaker and refreshments. —HANNAS. Summer Session Students: All students expecting to take Metallurgy 109, Elementary Metallography and Heat Treatment, in Summer School must sign up in room 101, Heavilon Hall, before Saturday, March 26. —MACK.
Military Seniors: The following students will have their pictures made by Hinea’s Studio immediately: Camp, Eckstein, Kantz, Marks, Tearny, and Tryon. All seniors will select the proof to be used in the class picture by Saturday, March 26. —PICKERING.
Freshman Engineering Students: Civil Engineering Camp announcement bulletins for 1939 may be obtained in room 102, Civil Engineering Building. (3-26) -LOMMEL.
Conditions in CE 21: The examination for removal of C grade in CE 21 will be given in room 301, Civil Engineering Building, from 1 to 4 p. m. Saturday, March 26. Please consult me at once. —SONESON,
cE SV Conditions: Examination for the removal of “C" grades will be given Saturday, April 16, at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. —WILEY.
y If
I'*' I
It