l&fjn ^Yf, * N ^ ‘ 1 ^ vcoj'^t s '^ '. v^.^^l'' ^
r* " ^i3’^' ^ * <1 " 4^ ? e^
r**.r^/
(Jk N ^
ARTICLE BEGINS i Series On University Military Officers
Estubb'shed 1889
xpMe^u * Here We Go Again
^ SERVICE MEN'S Jl Editorial Argues Merits,
Demerits Of PE
Volume 56, No. 50
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, September 4, lS'43
Rudy Vallee To Appear Here Sunday, Sept. 12 r 11* Ilf*11 II r L T * Lx Band Will PromoSe Fr66 Mixer Will Honor Freshmen Tonight
Harry Reed Will Play In North, , Maiiry Mahn In South Ballroom Tonight the tradition freshman dance is being held in the North and South ballrooms of the Union at 8:30 p. m., featuring two bands, Harry Reed and the “Five Men of Note”, Couples will use the North ballroom while the South, ballroom will be strictly stag. Representatives of the Union Activities Committee have visited the Residence Halls to arrange for groups of freshman girls who -
Bond Drive Leaders See Slides Taken By General Clark County leaders of the War Fi-
will go stag, so that they may become acquainted with the
men on the campus.
Service men will now have a chance to use their muchmaligned Union cards. They will be admitted free of charge upon the presentation of their union cards,
while students must present their nance Committee and Civilian Deschedule cards for admittance. The fanse Organization figuratively, dance is sponsored by the Student went on a spying mission to North Union and is chaperoned by the Africa with Lt. Gen. Mark W. Clark usual number of hosts and hos- Sept. 1, as they gathered in Inditesses. anapolis for a state wide luncheon Dick Haase, vice-president of the meeting prepaiing for the opening Activities committee of the Union of the Third War Loan Drive Sep-
and a member of a Navy V-12 unit, tember 9.
will be the master of ceremonies for Shown for the first time in Amerthe entertainment which is always a joa were slide pictures made from part of the fieshman dance, al- photographs taken by Gen. Clark though it is said that this yeai’s while on his mission, with the genprogram will even surpass that of eral’s ^wn interpretation of them
last year. given by his wife.
Service men are urged to attend Mrs. Clark also read the letter this dance, join in the fun, and, in- written by her husband to be decidentially, meet some of the new hvered to her in the event that he freshmen girls. Remember, a Union failed to leturn from his mission, card or a schedule card is all that is »if f do not come back,” it read, required for admittance. Also, quite «do everything you can, as every a few of the freshmen girls will American must, for our cause.” probably go stag. Governor Asks For Quota
Freshman dances on the Friday
night following registration have ^ leading of the letter come to be a tradition at the Uni- Governor Henry F. Schricker chalversity. Primarily for the purpose Hoosiers to the task of pbof helping the freshmen to get ac- the $275 000,000 quota as-
quainted, the dance also gives a diive. Any man or woman who'is not willing to lend his money to his nation in this critical stage of the war IS not entitled to citizenship in this state”, the governor said. “If we think we are doing a great deal lets read the casualty lists published daily in our newspapers”. Ojiljer speakers at the meeting
Director of musical organiza- were Chester C. Davis, president of tions, Al Stewart, held the semester the St. Louis Federal Reserve callouts for all musical organiza- Bank; C. S. Young, President of the tions on the campus Wednesday Bank; C. S. Young, president of the evening. Try-outs for the three Representative Louis Ludlow,
hundred and fifty students, and Afmy, Navy, and Marine trainees registered for the University Choral organizations will continue until two p. m. today. Joseph M. Ragains, assistant to Mr. Stewart, is also
holding try-outs for all orchestra WBAA will join a state-wide netmembers. work of radio stations Wednesday The registrants will be divided in- night to broadcast a special proto groups consisting of the Army gram oflicially opening the Third Glee Club, Navy-Maiine Glee Club, War Loan Drive in Indiana. The and the University Choir. Mr. program will immediately follow Stewartis also planning a choir of the national netwoik broadcast and sixteen girls. This choral group will will run approximately from 9 to take the place of the concert chior 9:30 p. m. and will be able to do out-of-town Governor Henry F. Schricker, performances with less transporta- speaking from Indianapolis, will oftion difficulty. ficially open the drive. A special Representatives from each of the feature of the first part of the musical organizations gave a brief broadcast will be the buying of the explanatory talk on the activity of first bond in the Indiana campaign his group. The various representa- by a bed-ridden soldier in the Billtives were: Orchestra, Mario Pegi- ings Hospital at Foit Benjamin anulo; University choir, Wayne Harrison—Staif Sergeant Jorman Meek; Activities, Wilma Palmer; A. Batten, wounded in action over a Business manager, Ruth Ralston; year ago. Colonel Guy A. Owsley, Glee Club, Dave Simpson; Publicity Executive Officer at Billings and chairman, James Fouts; and Betty War Bond Officer at the Post, will Wedge, Social chairman, who gave pake the sale. an enlightening discussion on per- Further features of the program sonal relationships within musical will be pick-ups of name bands and organizations. various radio personalities.
rousing welcome to the new stu-
dents.
Stewart Holds Callout For Musical Groups
WBAA On Network In War Loan Drive
AWS Plans To Sponsor Collegiene Chats AWS is sponsoring a series of “Collegenne Chats" to be held for all freshmen in the near future. The first of the series will be a skit given by the Gold Peppers on activities that the freshmen may enter. The second will be a talk by Dean Coolidge on learning to study under the changing conditions of college. An announcement will be made next week as to the definite time and place of “Collegienne Chats”.
YWCA Sponsors Freshman Tea YWCA Saddle Shoe Tea was held in the offices of Dean of Women in the Executive Building last Thuisday from 4:30 to 6:30 p. m. with 160 freshmen women received by Miss McFarland, Deah Coolidge, Lois Caldwell, Mrs. Canon, Mrs. Thornton and Helen French. Betty Hughes, social chairman, arranged garden flowers and a symbolic saddle shoe as decoration behind the tea table; lemonade and wafers were served.
Union Operates Thirteenth Regular Book Exchange Student Union Book Exchange, now in operation for it’s 13th consecutive semester, will close it’s activity for this term Friday, September 10th at 6 p. m. Today, it will be open only from 1 to 4 in the afternoon, and during the week of September 6th regular hours will be from 1 to 6. Students may call for their dividends (or their books, if^ they have not been sold) any time from Monday at 1 through Friday at 5. All books left after 5 p. m. Friday will be turned over to a book drive for the armed services. The Book Exchange is located in Room 267 of the Union Building, and its purpose is to provide a convenient means by which students may dispose of their old books and buy used books with mutual benefits. The Exchange is operated by the Student Union, and is a nonprofit organization. Books are left by their owners to be sold for 75 per cent of cost; students who want the books purchase them for that amount, and the receipts are turned over to the owners. Those books which are not sold are returned. At the present time, the Student Union Book Exchange has available a selection of approximately 500 used textbooks for use in a large variety of University courses. ASME Will Hold Meeting For Freshmen On Wednesday evening, September 8, 7:30 p. m. in Room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building, the University Student Branch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers will hold an important “Get-Acquainted” meeting. Prof. Frank Hockema will speak, and films will be shown cnoceining the part the nation’s colleges are playing in the all-out war effort. The final event on the program will be the serving of refreshments. The meeting is open to all engineei’ing students including freshmen. Membership of the national ASME includes most of the outstanding mechanical engineers in our country and the University branch is an integral part of the national organization. The aims of the University Student Branch are two-fold: to bring University students into contact with practicing engineers and their professional activities, and to give University students an opportunity to identify themselves as active membeis of a vital profession. Obtain Applications At M.E.*Office Membership applications may be obtained the M.E. office or at the meeting on September 8. Dues are $3.60 for the peiiod from Sept. 1, 1943 to June 30, 1944; payable in advance. For those leaving before Jan. 1, 1944, a special rate has been
made.
Benefits of membership in the ASME include: participation in the activities of the Student Branch; Central Indiana Section and National Society; including, the benefits of healing and meeting successful practicing engineeis; the use of Engineering Societies Libraiy; reduced rates on purchase of Society Publications; subscription to “Mechanical Engineering” for the period of membership; use of the ASME student loan funds; a gold membeiship pin or chaim; a membership caid and a listing in the Hiational Membership List; use of Engineering Societies Employment Service for summer positions and jobs after graduation; Offer Awards And Prizes In addition to these benefits, members have the oppoitunity of competing for a nun\^er of valuable awards and prizes oft'ered each year by the national society for competition by all ASME student-members.
WAVES Substation Open To Recruits At Fowler Hotel A U. S. Navy Recruiting Substation for WAVES is now open at the Fowler Hotel with a separate entrance on 4th Street. The station is open each week day from 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. and any who call for information are under no obligation. Lt. (j.g.) 1. M. Teets and Yojeman Topp, personnel of the station, will be here during the month of Septem-
ber.
Executives Reveal Calendar For 1944 The executive committee has proposed the following calendar for Civilian and Navy programs for tl^e year 1944: ■f’’ Classes for the semi-term are scheduled to end October 27, 1943, when vacation begins for old studets. Freshman Orientation will begin November 3, and old students will come back November 5, 6 and 7 for registration. Classes are slated to begin November 8, 1943, and will end February 26, 1944. After another short vacation. Orientation will again get under way March 1, followed by registration on March 3 and 4. Classes for the spi ing term will begin March 6 and continue until June 24. Tbe Summer term opens July 5, with Freshman Orientation. Registration will begin the 7th, and classes July 10. The semester ends October 28. After a short time out, students will come back for Orientation on November 1 and register November 3 and 4. Classes will have their first meetings November 6, 1944, and their final sessions February 24, 1946. The Navy program differs only in the length of the July term, which begins July 7, 1943, and ends October 26, 1943. Premiere Prices For fTh is Is The Army' The movie version of Irving Berlin’s famous all-soldier show, “This Is the Army”, will premiere in Lafayette next Wednesday evening, September 8. It will be presented at the Mars Theatre two weeks prior to the Chicago premiere. $4.40 is the top price for reserved seats.
I. V. I. Completes Course On Use Of Artho*Rater Instruction on the use and operation of the Ortho-Rater, a device for classifying the visual aptitude of industrial workers, came to a close yesterday when the second Industrial Vision Institute was completed. The Institute which is sponsored by the Division of Education and Applied Psychology has been attended by representatives of seven leading industries since it opened on August 16. Representatives who successfully complete the course will be qualified to return to their plants and utilize the OrthoRater in placing employees. The Ortho-Rater was developed by Dr. Joseph Tiffin and his associates in the Division of Education and Applied Psychology in cooperation with the Bausch and Lomb Optical Co. It is credited with boosting production rates as much as 10 or 15 per cent in some cases. About 25,000 were tested during its development, committees of the American Medical Association and the American Optometric Association gave advice on its use. The device is portable and may be set up next to a worker ancLdetermine his visual capabilities within five minutes. It measures acuity at the work distance, color vision, depth perception, and eye muscle balance. The results are valuable to medical and personnel departments in matching indicated skills with various types of work.
Exponent has just received word from the Public Relations Committee of the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce that Lt. Rudy Vallee and his 11th Naval District Coast Guard Band of half a hundred men will appear in the Music Hall on Sunday, September 12. Vallee’s band will entertain throughout Indiana in a special four-day tour in behalf, of the Third War Loan Drive. Lieutenant Vallee is well-known from coast to coast by many ■ ' radio and screen fans. The
Coast Guard band was organized in June, 1942, and has recruited some outstanding players sdfving with name bands such as Paul Whiteman, Harry James, Wayne King, Kay Kyser. Tommy Dorsey, Bob Cros-
Leaving
Plan Fee Refunds
For Men
To Enter Service Professor F. C. Hockema, Executive Dean has announced the following plan for refunding of fees and granting of credits to students who withdraw because of military service during the semi-term. In the case of candidates for degrees, full time credit will be allowed after the fifth week, and no refund of fees will be made if full
credit is allowed.
In all other cases, the credit and refunds will be as follows: In all cases, the registration fee will be paid in full. After the first 3 weeks, no credit will be given, and 80 per cent of fees will be paid. After the 4th week, 1/3 credit will be given and 60 per cent of fees will be refunded. After the 6th week, Vz credit and 40 per cent of fees will be refunded. Two thirds credit and 20 per cent of fees will be given the student who drops out after the 6th or 7th week, and full credit, but no refund of fees will be'given the student who diops out after the 8th
week. ^
Rumor About ASTP
WBAA To Broadcast False: Somervell
From Indiana Fair
WBAA’s daily Farm Forum, heard from 12-00 to 12:30, will feature next week three special broadcasts from the State 4H Club Fair in Indianapolis. These will be the Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday editions of the WLS Dinnerbell Program. The University will be represented on the programs, one of which will feature Tommy Johnston, Director of the Bureau of Information, and Jim Miles, conductor of the daily Forum. Notice Book Exchange will be open Saturday 1 to 4 p. m.
That old rumor about ASTPs being committed to a fixed term of seivice of 3, 5, 6 or 10 years after general demobilization has been branded false again, and this time it should stick. The denunciation of the rumor comes from no less a source than Lt. Gen. Brehon Somervell, commander of the Aimy Service Foices, who wired ASTP units definite confirmation that the ASTP tiainee is in for the duration and six months only.
Notice
Any freshmen or sophomores interested in becoming football managers are asked to report to Dick Butsch on the practice field at 3 p. m. today.
by, and Vallee’s own Connecticut Yankees. It is estimated that in the state of California alone Vallee’s band has raised over forty million dollars for war bonds. Playshop Issues Call For Frosh Workers All new freshmen are urged to attend the Playshop’s callouts Wednesday, September 6, at 7:30 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Since no previous experience is necessary ( to qualify for stage work here, it is hoped that many will turn out. Servicemen who have had theatrical experience in other universities and students who have worked on Playshop before aie encouraged to at-
tend.
Newcomers will be welcomed by Mary Lou Steinberg, president of plays and stage management; this will be followed by an informal talk by Ross Smith, director of Playshop. The present stag? group will present “Humorous Wanderings”, a series of skits. Immediately after the skits, crew workers may sign up for duties. This is a preliminary meeting to tiyouts which will be held the next week for those persons interested primarily in acting. Robert Dee Weaver . . . former student at the University and member of Theta Chi Fraternity, was killed on a routine flight over the Gulf of Mexico. He was a member of the Navy Air Corps.
Union Offers Students^ Service Men Varied Amusement In Spare
By Ruth Ford Many of you have already visited the Union, and those of you who haven’t will soon be going there in your free time for the relaxation it offeis—for the enjoyable facilities of the Union aie numerous. Starting at the bottom in the subbasement there are fifteen modern bowling alleys for those who enjoy that spoit. Camera fiends will want to use the dark rooms for developing and enlarging pictuies. Those who like to create with their hands will head for the Puttering Shop. Union Workshops Other student activities located down under are the workships for Student Union where eds and coeds make back diops and decoiations for dances as well as many of the posteis seen displayed. In another corner are the offices o^ the Exponent, the student newspaper. ' Piobably the most popiilar place, the Sweet Shop, is found in the ba.sement. Heie students may listen to their favorite tunes from the juke box and have a coke or sundae while doing it. Cafeterias Meals are served in the base-
ment in the cafeteria and the Coffee Shop. Service men are served in the west cafeteria but civilians may eat in the South cafeteria as well as the Coffee Shop. A billiard room, game loom, and barber shop complete the student facilities in the basement. Information, Please Information of any kind may be had at the East and West desks on th efirst floor as well as candy, gum, cigarettes, stamps, newspapers and magazines. At the East desk guests of the Union register and get their rooms. The North and South ballrooms which will hold 1200 people'are also on the first floor. Here nearly all the dances aie held over the weekends. Relax In Lounges Lounges for just relaxing are everywhere you turn. For those who like to read while they relax there is the Browsing Room equipped with the latest and best books. Check rooms, telephone booths, offices of the Alumni Association, the Old Chestnut Room, where many private meals are served. Many rooms for club and confer--
ence meetings are also on the first floor. Student Activities Student activities predominate on the second floor of the Union. Here are found the offices of PIA, organization for independent students; Debris, the students’ yearbook; Activities Bureau; Fraternity Affairs; YWCA; AWS, the self governing body for women; Student Union; Student Senate, law-making body for students in general; Pan Hellenic Council; and the Engineer, magazine published by engineering students. Here also are ipore meeting rooms. For those who enjoy good music there is the Music Room with a wide selection of classical and semiclassical records. Good food in pleasant surroundings is served in the Chestnut Room. Meetings and small dances are held in the East and West faculty lounges on the second floor. This is just a brief resume of the many Activities the Union offers. History The Union has rather an interesting history. The idea for a Union started in 1912 when an undergrad-
uate. student suggested a place where students could meet and work in their extia curricular activities. The First World War interrupted any plaits that had been made. In 1922 the present Union Building was started as a memorial to the sixty-seven sons of the University who had given their lives in the War. A cross in the floor and p. plaque in the Gieat Hall of the building aie a constant reminder of their saciifice. First Open In 1924 In 1924 the Union was first open for use, but it wasn’t until 1929 that the mteiior of the building was completed. In 1936 and 1939 new additions weie built until the building was as it now is. The Union is a memorial to patiiotic seivice; it is a center of student, alumni and faculty activity and bungs the University in contact with the outside world by its many confeiences on education, science, industry, and agriculture. It offers the social contacts, responsibilities and leadership training which can’t be had from a eiasa>’> room.i®
fiiifiP:
i®
Purdue Exp&ttent
S,
Saiurdcty, Spptemhdr 4^ 1.94S
Purdue Exponent
Offices; Editorial and
4005 2792
: After 10 p. m., 5377
Sports,
)IIi9 Murphy
News. : Manasing Editor.. Sports Editors
. Carolyn Wilbur ..Raymond M. Smith, Russell M. Lipcs
Publication Staff Editorial Staff
Associate Editors: dark Abbott, Ruth Ford, Katy Howes, Madelyn Grotne.s, Peg Steffes.
Business Staff
Advertising Manager: C. E. Gaunt. Assistant Advertising Manager: Betty Mancy. Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauerman.
The Purdue Independent Editor-ln-aiief - .....Bert 8«uler
Staff For.This Issue Night Editor: Grotnes 'Day Editor: Steffes City Editor: Ford Issue Editor: Woerner Reporters: R. Gi-egory, Davis, Garrett, B. Gregory, Pagliarulo. Kropf, P. Richardson, A.spergcr, Wright, Thomas, Hermann.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress tof March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings dur^T. .. m4. ... S %. e. 4 {wri,*! rk/?l2 1
ing the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered <^ily by carrier for $1.25 for a semester ; by mail for $1.60 for a semester. Subscriptions may be obtained at the Exponent office or at the West Desk of the -Union. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising'Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
VHSHMfiTOH [ GRIN'~AHB>j^^ff-'/■ -‘-By'yd%.;|.Personnel Notes
s, win,
ly DREW fEARSON
OPA Denies Henderson New Tire For jaffopy; Washington Needs Stenogr^aphers; Byrnes For Smith
WASHINGTON—Leon Hienderson, two-fisted father of the Office of Price Administration, recently had a tii’e blow out on his 1938 jallopy, filled out all necessary papers for a new tire, took them: to his ration, board. There, the OPA, which Leon created, turned him down. : “There are just too many tire certificates already outstanding,” OPA explained, “and not enough tires. You’ll have to wait until there are some nevv tires.” This" means that what a lot of officials Idpg have worried about, has now happened. The hiatus has arrived between exhaustion of our carefully conserv^ rubber stockpile and the beginning of synthetic rubber production. , Last year, Henderson tells friends, the OPA warned Rubber Czar Jeffers not to be too geWrous with new tires, that we would reach a vacuum at the end of 1943 before the new synthetic tires began to roll. Henderson also urged Jeffers to manufacture moi:e tires from reclaimed rubber, thus saying new rubber. But Jeffers listened to politically-minded Jesse Jones who was devoutly anxious to prove that he was not so wrong on rubber. So now the man who advised caution can get no tire for his jallopy. NOTE: There is also no rubber/for the heels which Leon Henderson now advertises bn the air.
1. .Shell Oil. Company, Nevy York City, N- Y.—Tuesday, September 7. Interested ifi'Chemists, Ch. E; ' The Glenn L. Martin Co., Baltimore, Maryland-^Frlday, September . 10. Interested in A.E.,, M,E., C.E., ,E.E., P.S.E.
•employment: : The General Tire And ’Rubber Company, Akron, Ohio-^Intei'ested in ,Eh.p. Chemists,.Chemical,Engineers. Sign in Personny Office by September il.
Sylvania Electric Products Inc., Salem, Mass.—-Interested in M.E.,. E,E., physicists. Sign in Perkohnel Office by September 11. t . ' • ^
General Motors Corporation, Detroit, Michigan—-September 10 and li. Interested in Engineers, Chemists (Men and Women)'. The Atlantic Refining Company, Philadelphia, .Pennsylyania — Monday, September 13. Interested in Chemical Engineers, Chemists. Shell Development Company, Emeryville, Califprpia — Wednesday,. September 22. Interested in Chmeists, ,ChJE., M.E., C.E., E.E., Physicists. .
Wagner Electric Corporation, St. Louis, .Mo.—Interested in , E.E., M.E., Ch.E. Sign in Personnel Offijci. by September 11. .
Dravo Corporation, Pittsburgh Pa.—Interested, m A*^'> C.E.,,':M.il.y
E.E. Sign , in Personnel Office Saturday, September 11. .
Edward G. Budd Manufacturing Co., Philadjelphia, Pa.—Interest^ in A.E., C.E., M.E., E.E. Sigpri® Personnel. Office by Saturday| Se^r •tember 11. . - ■ ' ‘ i-.
These companies are not scheduled to.visit the campus; however, they are Interested in students for
Universal Gear Corporation, Indianapolis, Ind.—Interested iii, M;E. Sign in Personnel Gffice .by.Septcimber 15. . ;
“By the'beard of the prophet, etfendi, these are genuine, Arabian water pipes ... we got ’em through lend lease.”
'Honesty Booklet' Proves Good Advice...
Help Wanted: Female
Every year, usually at registration, the University students coine in contact with a bit of advice and information which is published in the form of an ‘Honesty Booklet’. This year these booklets are being distributed through various schools by deans and depai’tment heads and to the service men by the military authorities. Some of these booklets have already been given to the students, still others will be given out later. This year the honesty booklet is web worth re'ading. In some of the years gone by, it was merely a statement of rules, regulations, past crimes, and the punishments which could be and which had been delt out in the past. However, the latest honesty booklet contains a minimum of this sort of thing and a maximum of advice, ethics and logical reasons for not cheating on tests. Another important thing which is good reading is the advice which instructors can obtain from this booklet if they should feel moved to read it. The definition of a good proctor is something evei’y teacher should know and put into practice. The two cartoons by Harold Gray, nationally known cartoonist and an alumni of the University, tell more than a thousand Words could, and are alone worth the publication of the book. In addition tu the cartoons and the definition of the proctors there was another item which we think it noteworthy. It is the list of suggestions and recomfnendations made by students and by instructors. This list has some statements which could be used as the basis for many needed reforms, and each stiident and instructor would do well to read and consider these items carefully. We believe that special attention might be given to the statement that teachers should avoid unreasonable questions in tests and examinations, as this is definitely known to be a cause for dishonesty. Tests that no one in a class passes certainly are not justified and in the long run they reflect more ignominy on the teacher than they do on the students. Another thing which could be acted upon by the proper authorities with no ill effects is the . idea of placing less emphasis on grades-as a basis of judging student achievement in a certain course. After all,' a student comes to the University to. learn how things are done and w'hy things work the way they do. He does not comedo make grades. Getting back to the booklet itself, we offer our congratulations to the authors who use ‘The Committee On Promotion of Honesty In Student Work’ as their title. These people did a fine job in changing a publication which has heretofore gone unread into one which is ihteresting and thought provoking. If this work is continued in coming semesters, and the suggestions offered taken seriou.sly by student^ and teacher.s alike, we know the .situation, which is only fair now, will be the best ever in the future.—e.m.
‘The Governraent wants more Stenographers—thousands of them—for work in Washington. The Civil Service Coinmission has sent agents into the field, beating the bushes for new recruits. Any one of the major war agencies could use several hundred more girls today. But they just aren’t to be had. Trouble is that girls have come to Washington fd.i:, the. thrill of working in the Capital, and have found that there is less thrill than hard work, and no place to hang up your stocking's to dry. They live in what they call “the-more-the-merrier apartments,” work 48 hours a-week, and can’t even find time to go shopping. They had expected Washington to be romantic, but there are too many girls in proportion to men, and they never get a chance to see the important people who come to town. ■ They have trouble with the dry cleaner, eat poor food, and get dates only with the file clerk across the hall. And worst of all, the salary that looked so handsome from a distance melts away into the withholding hands of Mr. Morgenthau. / ' If a stenographer’s salary is $1620, plus 21 percent for o'vertime, the total would be nearly $2000 a year, which looks pretty handsome. But she loses a five percent reduction for the retirement fund, plus 20 percent in withholding tax, or a total of 25 percent. _ Many a girl has decided she would rather go back home, work in a defense plant, and live with the family. ' But the Government hopes that, girls will go in for patriotism ihstead of romance and come to Washington even if it isn’t what it’s cracked up to be.
JPui.
tion. Dr. 0. P. Hall of the Sociology Department will lead a discussion O '. “Understanding Ourselves”.
The Lutheran students of this
University Pl'esbyterian Church North Street, Near Grant , 9:30—Student class. Dr. Merritt Webster of the Department of Mathematics will be in charge. 10:30—.Morning worship. Sermon theme, “Trusteeship.” 6:00—Evening fellowship. Supper will be followed by an informal program at which Professor Lawrence Hadley of the Mathematics Department will be the guest speaker.
University welcome all Pui’due men and women to their Sunday evening ineetings. Sunday evening, September 5, at 7:30 p. m.,,a devotional will be held in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union Building. The topic for discussion is “Faith”.
St. John’s Episcopal Church Service on Sunday—Holy Communion at 8 a. m. Holy Communion and sermon by the ^Rector at 10:45 a. m. . This week’s sermon will be, “Can You Cultivate Your Personality?”. The choir of boys and men is in charge of music for services.
Capital Chaff
In spite of the fact that employes of,the Office of Economics Warfare are “frozen” to prevent raids by other agencies. Senator George of Georgia had no hesitation in asking for the release of an OEW stenographer whom he wanted for his office in the Senate. . . . The Congressman from the 25th district of Illinois lists his name in the official director as Cecil William (Runt) Bishop, and mentions among his former occupations: tailor,coal miner, telephone lineman, professional football and .basebali player and manager.. .. The office which Gen. DeCaulle has long maintained in Washington, known as the Fighting French Delegation, will now become the Delegation of the Committee of National Liberation.
Wesley Foundation Methodist Student Center Corner State and Sheetz Streets 9:30 — Student church school. Rev. D. R. Balsley will teach class on “A Sceptic Looks at the Bible”. 10:40—Morning worship at First Methodist Church. Dr, Arnold Scott Steele will deliver a sermon on “The Christian Philosophy of Life”. 5:15—Wesley vespers at Fouiida-
Coffon Ed Smith
A significant situation is brewing around the figure of South Carolina’s venerable Cotton Ed Smith, caustic Roosevelt-hater. In 1938, during the famous “purge” campaign, the President was definitely opposed to Smith, but never made a public speech against him. In the end. Smith was nominated over Gov. Clin Johiiston, partly through the tacit aid of Senator Jimmy Byrnes. Jimmy naturally did not want Johnston elected, since he came from Byrnes’ section of the state, so Jimmy used his infiuence with the President to block any .speech against Smith. However, the South Carolina, situation has now shifted. Justice Byrnes is no longer in the Senate, Olin Johnston, re-elected governor a second time, is now a candidate once again for the Senate. And this time Johnston will get the tacit support of Justice Byrnes. The popular South Carolinian will make no speeches, may even deny that he will do anything at all. But friends close to him will work openly against Cotton Ed Smith and for the election of Gov. Olin Johnston to the U. S. Senate.
Pan American Missing
SiAifieA.
Lt. Ayres . ., former Univei'sity .student, i.s repoi ted missing in actio.n over Europe since July 28. Lt. Ayres, formerly with Royal Ai)' Foi ce, has been with an American fighter squadron since the United States entered the war. He has been in England since January, 1942, and received a special mejiallion from the British government for his service. Recently he received an oak
Members of the Civil Aeronautics Board are beginning to wonder if Pan American Airways is ready to abandon its stranglehold on overseas air service. The Board was holding bearings on the application of United Air Lines to operate to Guatemala City. This was in Pan American’s area. Normally, when any otlier American line tries to venture into the Latin American field. Pan American raises a storm of protest. They appear at CAB hearings as “intervenors”, arguing against the new service. But when the hearing on United’s application opened. Board Member Harlee Branch looked about the room and failed to find anyone representing PAA. Surprised, Mr. Branch directed a question at the counsel for United j^ir Lines: “Do you know why Pan American Airways is not repi’esented this morning?” “No, sir,” was the contented answer. And there the matter ended. ICopyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate,Tne.)
leaf cluster for his work with the American forces and has other citations. He participated in many raids over Europe, flying first British Spitfires and more recently American Thunderbolts.
TICKETS FOR THE PREMIERE WEDNESDAY EVE, SEPTEMBER 8 8:30 P. M.
NOW ON SALE AT BOX OFFICE FOR
Iiewbee#
. ,1 WASHER ssot.sruno^
.$4.40
— ADMISSION — LOGE
ORCHESTRA
Last 18 rows.. let 10-rows and boxes....
BALCONY
—ALL SEATS RESERVED— After Premiere Shows Continuous
at our usual
POPULAR PRICES
$3.30 $2.20 $1.10
/ Phone ReserY4tinns-r‘7903 Box Office Open 10:0.0 a. m. Daily
ARC
COOL WASHED AIR
SUNDAY - MONDAY
— and •
Champjl^ff
— ALSO — DONALD DUCK CARTOON
LAST TIMES TODAY “GHOST RIDER" "UNDERGOUND AGENT" SERIAL — NEWS
Keep Posteci in Your CHosen fields
Keep tip With Campus
• Know Your Professors Better.
7
Starts TOMORROW
Anae BAXTER.OanaANDREWS lanei GLEASON. Dimt MayWHITH
LAST TIMfS TODAY ROVUOBEKS
PLUS
wmm$m
mtiimniTOlWWWijlltl)
-^see
. MENIOU ^Martha scon maak
Pola NEGRI -
Dennis O’KEEFE Billie BURKE
«.June HAVOC
But It was tliu biM lHMwym04n 4^ wan^ : «vfr Wi
Three Great Stars...In the first dramatic love story of our women in uniform at the fighting front!
CtAUDEfTC
PAULETTE
COLBERT'
Starting Tomorrow1^'
lUJ
'Army, Navy, Marine News
ir 4,
By SermcMW^
|:7iCS::.^r'V4.,, , . By Cpl. Jack Mart4r€ BdUtor's Note: This is the first ki a series of articles on 'the officers of ifheTfeiStli Service Unit here at the University. :
Sqldiers Mumble In Beards . . . HyA Students Test To SixJeeii Wwks ASTP Men On Rumors
Colonel D. M. Beere, now commandant of the 1545th Service ■tJnit, ASTP, has been with the University for over four years, afe ciahmanding officer of the ROTC. The coming of the Army i^j)Oeiaiized Training men has added greatly to his army reipdhsibility.,', ■ ■; 4! Colonel Beere may be very easily spotted by' his insignia of ■tjie .silv*^'eagle. Since this r—'■—r"':'"4:'- — '“i^ieken” is the only one in the eeijviee unit, no soldier will have any trouble in discover.ih;^ it, especially around the ’■j^Mfsihory.-. ' ■ >';vThe emphasis on the strict niiiltkry salute which is demanded of all army men on the campus is .indicative of our commandant. He insists on discipline but only as it Ida^S ito better morale. More than a .flf. friendliness makes this atricthess more, natural and easily
apceptablp. , Sloppy Salute
: There is one story told of the Colonel. It ‘ seems that when the AST men were new. on the campus, oinip corporal walked by the colonel aidd saluted rather awkwardly. C^lpni^ ..P^^'e eaUad, after this s.pljq,ue8ti9ne4 him as to the
salute,. The uneasy
^9||jgy,ia^p),ained that he di(J no.t no-
ipsigjjia until he was very
6ls(ge,,tp, the; Cplpnei, Accepting this
reasoh^ble, ,the colonel smiled,
'^av^d/ihi#..hand and said: “all right
cpf^prai”
■ 'Uiplonei Beere is a regular army ' ■'■ .■■ ■
maa,. h£iyi*’&-heen graduated from three, bronze. star's,_
^est.Point in 1909 after which time iPost yVar Period
he: eyrye^ .in the Philippines and on , ^fter the war the colonei conthe,Mekicia.h b;prder until 1916. tlnued his military education. .Jle W«rl4,.^’af, I Record . has been graduated from .the Army ^R^hea.tke Pirst .World War came War College, the Bdeld , Officers’ alohg, ,heiS,p,rved at Plattsburg Bar- Course-22 of the Field Artijl.pry racks and then over’seas in the Mar-, School and he is an honor graduate bhehe section nnd in the St. Mihiel of the Command and Generais’
and Meuse-Argonne offensives with Staff School, I
.the Pield Artillery of the B2nd di- After this military experience Vision. . . Colonel Beere came to the UniverTlmre are n.6t many men from the gity where he wag apppinted Profeslast.::;,war,, whp have the Distiii- sor of Military Science and Ta<it,i.cs.
^uifehed Service Cross. In fact the hrWiy was very “stingy” with this awfljrdj.y but, Colonel Beere wears that medal for extraordinary heroism in action near Buzancy, France. -In addition he has the victory medal
Buy V^ar Bonds
And Stamps
As the result' of a meefing'held yesterday between Col. G. W. Johnston, headquarters, fifth -Bervice command, and army and university official*, it was announced that the lengthening of the present term for Army Specialized trainees would apply to all men. taking engineering, however, no decision was •reached , concerning those in personnel and psychology, according to word' received.'from tlm office of the presideht. The term lengthening applies to this term only and the regular twelve week semester will be .resumed for the following terms, fleason for the inove was fo make AST terms here put of step with the STAR units at Fort Hayes in Columbus, according to the report. To Continue Term According to Thursday’s announcement all student? in . engineer jng will epntinue their present term forfour weeks past the projected end of semester around detober 15. The extra time will be used according to the disci’etion of ..the commandant of the unit and university officials. The report therefore affects some 800 trainees at tjie University.. Algo included in. this plan are. array students .at the University of Illinois and Texas A & M University. . Seryice Men There will be an important meeting for all Army iptn now Writing^or interested >«-writing, for The Exponent, Mopday, evening at, 4 in. the Exponept office. Monday eveniiig at ,7:30 there will be a ajeeting with the same purpose for all Navy and Marine men. These meetings will he of importance in further organization of the service page. —RICHARDSON. A sergeant at Ft. Worth Field, Texas, has figured out a standard answer to any and all who ask why he’s been content to go over a year with three strip.es, instead of appU" ing for CCS. ‘ “Remember Sgt. York in the last war?” he asks. And when he is .told yes, “Well, now name me just one second lieutenant in that war.”
' ■ By Pfc. Leo Friedman A practical lesson in cause and effect or something—has the ASTP psych trainees =on the campus shaking their heads and
mumbling in their beards.
It aii: began with an innocuous lecture oh propaganda by Dr. William Thompson, visiting lecturer in the Department of Applied Psycholojgy,: who made the point in his classes that'any , i —, ■' one could start a rumor in a
community like this and that if it had any vestige of credibility, could expect'it to make the rounds till it came back to
SCENE CHANGES
4 ' - ■ SPREADING THE NEWS TOOK MONTHS
UNTIL THE EXPONENT WAS BORN
NOW YOU CAN GET ALL THE UP-T-O-THE-MINUTE NEWS OF THE CAMPUS CALL 4005 AND
Exchange That old stunt of ; figuring out a fancy amateur code to get the news of wherer you’i'e stationed overseas, past thehensor in your letters home seems to be petering out. Censors are just as much on the ball as4he wiliest' e.m.s., and the code has to be clever to get by,, A ,cdu,ple (if sad yarns come out of this,- : : ; One i’ehappie- had long 'ago arranged with his mother to spell out the nanie of the locality he hit by giving her the letters ,of its name as consecutive, middle initials in the adresses'of mail he sent her. He spoiled out T, U, N, I, S all right:— but all the.letters came together, and the best. 'the'fffilks. at home could work, out was; “NUTSI”—and-they wrote back in bewilderment, was this a town Eand-McNally had forfotten ? . , . . There is _ also the lad who figured out how to tell his girl he was in Casablanca. He siipply wrote her that he seemed to have been singing “As.Time Coes By“ for months. Like a flash came the reply: she was sending him a big package full of hew,~phpnograph records. Her b. f. was not going to fall behind the times, no, sir.
—P-E— ■
Fabulous rise at Camp Grant is that of Robert W. Scott. On June 24, 1942, he reported there as a rookie, and was assigned to C Co., 28th Battalion. From there, he went to CCS, returned to Grant as an instructor—and was assigned to his old battalion as Lt. Scott, training instructor in Co. A. In May, he was battalion supply officer—and two weeks ago, he was appointed commander. of Co. A—the very outfit he had started with.
_p.E—
Brorixites on the campus—and they rate right with Brooklynites as the salt of the earth in some ways of thinking, should get a kick out
Of this.-'
T. Sgt. David Green, down in Panama, wrote his girl in the Bronx that he longed for nothing so much as the feel of. the "good earth of his native stomping ground under his feet. ; She ^obliged by sending a chunk of earth .right from Pelham Bay
Park. :
He'spread it out reverently under his fqehand stood there—just: smil-
hhn—with a lot of new trimmings picked rip en roiite. ' Subversive Cynics So a couple of cynics decided to put the business to a practical test, and started buzzing, in various ears —have you heard that the term is going to be lengthened to sixteen weeks ? By Sunday evening of last week —less than 36 hours after the lectures—this particular rumor was everywhere. If you went on the chow line, if you stopped to turn in your laundry, if you so much as nodded to any one you knew, there it was—'16 Weeks. By Monday afternoon—with sundry professors announcing to their classes that there would be eight '^eeks after this one rather than the anticipated four, the rumor was really in high. Only it didn’t sound like a rumor any more. By Tuesday, a rumor that the rumor was false was everywhere, and hard on its heels came a rumor thta the rumor was false was itself false. . Comes Wednesday Wednesday evening, sundry brave souls were offering two to one that the whole thing was baseless and that there would be no change in the originally scheduled twelve week course, They weren’t so bi'ave at that, because there were no takers; no;'tihe:knew what to believe. The Exponent-stOi-y on Thursday, quoting the Fifth Service Command on the extension, seenied te settle the dispute, except, of course, that it started a whole series of new stories on how^the change would be made. But this is’a story about the original rumor only—and about two GIs who probably wonder now whether their yarn mightn’t have given somebody the idea. ing—for 15 minutes. He hasrsquatter’s rights for the duration. . ■. _p:e—.The navy has taken another, step in recognition of the feminine perquisites of those pretey WAVES. Step one was the ruling that as far as the departraerit: was corieerned, : WAVES and gobs cquid marry each : other. A new puling .permits a nq'vy bride to don civies’for a wedding
]
ceremony. \ '
Two of a Kind—Fighters!
No premium Qn Self-Pity H ' i j Army life kas long been cftaractefized griping. The teeson this prafitiee has survived is that, essentially^ it has always been harmless in nature and, at the same time, has had some beneficial effect on morale. It has served as a safety vaIve,;'SO to speak, to be opened at certain moments, permitting steam to escape. However, there is such a thing as “too much of a good thing” and this, being no exception, can have harrafur effect when used to excess. Unquestionably, the idea of TS slips canie into being in order to discourage excess beefing. So, as can easily be ipiagined, if and wh^n griping does get out of hand, it doesn’t make for a very encouraging state of affairs. It Very easily makes a group of soldiers look like a bunch of unintelligent, adolescent recruitg,:tp say the least. Such is the kindergarten atmosphere that prevails in most of the Army PE classes., Griping during these class periods has long lost Rs acceptable features and has reached a state of. semi-nauseousness. This childish and un-soldierly attitude is completely out of proportion with any grievance that may be serving as a basis for the uncontrolled griping. It shouldn’t be necessary to chastise soldiers who, supposedly, know the meaning and value of discipline. However, in all fairness, if it does become necessary to do so, then it is also in order to examine suchconditions that are responsible for the griping. Just what is behind all of this, is one question. Whether the griping is .justified is another question. Educators have long argued the merits and faults of calisthenics and have concerned themselves with the problem of how to get. the most out of any PE program. Such activities in which physical fitness is derived as a by-product of “fun”, seem to have the largest advocacy among these educators. The preference for athletic “games” over calisthenics by the Army men at Purdue—and this preference is rather widely shared— seems to bear out the wisdom of such a choice. When the men have to forego football and baseball and find substituted in its place, push-ups, burpees, and monkey walk, they’re not too delighted. By and large„the men appreciate the need for physical fitness but object tc) the methods in which it is obtained. There are, of course, a few goldbricks who balk at any kind of exertion and they can hardly be expected to help alleviate the
.situation.
Anything that will relieve the monotony of formal calisthenics will tend to smooth out the differences. The Army and school authorities, it is fair to assume, are aware of this and, most likely, are doing what they can to overcome obstacles in that direction. BUT, it is well to remember that that which might be considered good practice in normal times can fail as a war-rtime measure—and this is particularly true of physical
training.
It is agreed then, that there is a basis for a squawk; How slight or how grace this basis is, is a matter.of personal evaluation. But there can be but one answer , to the question of whether the griping is justified—and that’s , an, unqualified “NO”. In no respect, is this issue SO important that the degree of moaning can be accepted or further tolerated. There are two rational reasons for this. The first is a sense of self-respect and the other, a sense of responsibility. . Need it be pointed out that any. behavior that reflects upon you as an individual, also reflects upon you as a soldier? Need it be pointed out that when a group of 100 men stand out on a field and balk and bleat about a series of physical movements, the impression made on civilian instructors and observers can hardly be a favorable one? By what stretch of the imagination then, can the self-respect, the essential dignity of the individual be maintained ? — : ■ Responsibility, again, is something that is always being brought to our attention. It needn’t be, for there isn’t an American soldier—at Purdue or anywhere—who isn’t keenly aware of his stake in a successful outcome of the war. This awareness differs with each individual only in degree, and the degree of awareness varies directly wifli the amount of intelligence one possesses. Isn’t the inference self-evident? Where, if.anywhere, should there be a keener recognition of responsibility to.yourself as an individual; to your group as a unit; to the war effort as a whole t Look at it this way: You spend about 24 minutes of each PE period in actual exercise. A,,total of 150 minutes per week! Is that such a great sacrifice -that one cannot endure an even undesirable form of PE for that length of time ? That’s hardly a soldierly attitude. It doesn’t look good. It doesn’t sound good. It just isn’t good! How then, can we reconcile such naive, picayimish behavior as manifests itself on field No. 1 or No. 3 or No, 5 each day ? Griping is nothing more than self-pity and there certainly is no premium on that commodity! There is plenty of room for a new and improved attitude. An attitude more becoming our uniform and branch of service. Think it over! , ■
V-12 Baseball Team Will Get Equipment Within A Few Weeks
Baseball equipment is now on otder for the V-12 baseball team that is being- organized, according to Fred Cimberblatt, manager of the
team.
It had previously bedn announced. that members of the squad would be asked to furnish their own equipment. Cinierblatt said yesterday, hovyever, that the navy had ordered enough equipment for four full-size teams, and , that the V-12- team would be allowed to inake use of it. The equipment is expected to arrive within the next few weeks. Forty Sign Up PAULETTE GODDARD refreshes her tired Marine sweetheart, SON- Forty men have signed up since NY TUFTS, with a couple of laughs in Paramount’s thrill-filled romance, it was announced that a squad “So Proudly We Hail,” which comes tomorrow to the Lafayette Theatre, would be formed. Cinierblatt exThe picture tells the story of Army nurses and the inen tfiey worked with, pects many more men to turn out fought wRb, ^ijd loved on Bataan and Cori-egidpr. Claudette Colbert and noxt week. V-12 students iut;erested Veroinica Lake are co-starred with Pauleittk in playing hard ball are urged to
add their names to the list which is posted on the bulletin board located in the basement of the Fieldhouse. Permission has been obtained to use the regular ball field for practice sessions during the next two weeks. Pi'actice time has been set tentatively at 4 p. m. Monday and Friday and 10 a. m. Sunday.
Beauty Contest Headquarters Entries for the Exponent Servicemen’s Beauty Contest may now be handed in to the Battery Orderly rooms for the army and to Koona 137 West Cary Hall for the Navy and Marines. Sirtce the Union Building is not easily available to all meti. these ar^ rangenients have been made with the four army bateerie? and wRh Lt. (j.g.) Lee Somers, who se office, Room 137, is accessible to allof tb« navy and marine men in Cary. BtU* T8T AN 'EKPONENt ■ CLASSIFIED
’ll>f>ii
^V iJ.V-', ‘ ,.i’ '. >
S|-''’ Wi#'/ , fC
'Pd^ 3
BoUermulser Eporfs
'^dturddff Septemhet* 4, 1943
Football Scheduled
Practice Filed For Intramural Boxing Tournament
Today
are still far from a definite decision on the traveling squad assignments, notably at the ends and halfbacks. “We want to give every candidate a
chance to prove himself,” said . . , ttt j , • „ , -.1. o 4- nient starts Wednesday. It is open Burnham. “However with Great ^ , , _
Lakes as the opening opponent, we are faced with the problem of making somewhat hurried selections.”
1943 "A" GRID SQUAD ROSTER Key—''Ma|jor letter; i-Minor lettei;; P-Freshman numerals; R-Reserve; (M)-Marines; (N)-Navy; (C)-Civilis(n.
“ Centers (5)
Previous ' High or
Name, Status ' College Ht. Wt. Home Town Prep Sch. "Lou DePilippo (N)—Fordham—6-2—220—New Haven, Conn., N. Haven James Lockwood (M)—None—6-11—180—Hinsdale, 111.—Hinsdale
A. total of 26 promising boxers ^"Joseph Morrow (M)—Missouri—-6-0-—1-80 Carthage, Mo.—Carthage
fWilliam Newell (M)—Purdue—6-8—160—Stafford, Kas.—Stafford F-Walter Poremba (M)—Case—6-1—200—Cleveland, 0.—Lincoln
Guards(15)
"Alex Agase (M)—Illinois—6-10—196—Evanston, 111.—Evanston
the second week of October during Rolland Butler (N)—Illinois—6-0—186—Joliet, 111.—Joliet the service men’s Happy Hour Pro- R-JackButt (M)—Illinois—6-1—2-0—Decatur, 111.—Decatur gram. fWallace Hendry (C)—Purdue—6-11—190—Chicago^ 111.—Bowen Boxing Coach Jim Beers encour- "Joseph Hersch (M)—F. & M.—’-8—198—Bethlehem, Pa.—Bethlehem ages inexerpienced boxers as well "Morris Kaastad (M)—N. Dakota—6-10—176—^Minot, N. D.—Minot as those who are experienced, to James Laughter (N)—None—6-11—196—Dayton, 0.—Oakwood sign up. The experienced will box R-Danahl Lehmkuhl (M)—Iowa—5-9—212^—Cedar Rapids—Roosevelt with the experienced and the inex- F-James McMillen (N)—Purdue—6-0—186—South Bend—Riley perienced with the inexperienced. F—ames McMillen (N)—Purdue—6-0—186—South Bend—Riley Good Opportunity For Athletes F-Gilbert Mordoh (N)—Purdue—6-9—180—Indianapolis—Manual Coach Beers feels that this is a 'Jack Peffer (M)-SL Joseph-6-10-186-Lima O.-Marion (Ind.) good opportunity for athletes to R-Bruce Porter (M)—Illinois-6-8-180-Hinsdale, Hl^-Hmsdale
rr,, . r4.ivri4.mHrf. in H HTiovr Hiar vpmiivps "Robert Rickbeil (M)—N. Dakota—6-10—186—Grand Forks—Cavalier
indSa! l„tellS.nce .1«M with Kawclall Yea^e. (C)-N.„a-6-0-180-W. Lafa,ette-W. Latayatt,
Tackles (14)
boxers will receive splendid train- R-Dan Eicher (M)^—Iowa—6-3—236—Wayland, la.—Wayland ing from Coach Beers and Chief R-Wells Ellis (N)—Illinois—6-0—230—Washington, 111.—Washington Specialist Bernard Loft each after- 'John Genis (M)—Illinois—6-1—210—Chicago, 111.—Fenger noon from 4 to 6 p. m. Louis Heller (N)—Cincinnati—6-3—195—Louisville, Ky.—Manual Participants are to sign up on the '"Thomas Hughes (M)—Missouri—6-1—226-—^St. Louis, Mo.—Roosevelt bulletin board outside Room 111 of LeRoy Jensen (N)—None—6-0—192—Port Clinton, 0.—Port Clinton the Fieldhouse, where further in- ‘Mike Kasap (M)—Illinois—6-1—240—Oglesby, 111.—LaSalle-Peru formation is posted. F-Charles Lindner (N)—Cincinnati——6-3—205 Cincinnati, 0.—Hartwell
List Of Contestants Robert Plevo (C)—None—6-2—220—Chicago, 111.—Bowen
Following, is a list of the big F-Raymond Reif (N)—Ore. St.—6-1—206—Powell Butte, Ore., Redmond Boilei'maker bombing boxers of the R-Stanley Schultz (M)—Missburi—6-1—203—St. Louis, Mo.—Soldan campus who have signed up: "John Staak (M)—Iowa—6-0—230—Davenport, la.—Davenport
Maurice J. Sullivan, Donald G. Paul Uber (N)—Cincinnati—5-11—190—Olean, N. Y.—Olean
Coker, T. Mori, R. K. Green, War- F-Eugene Winter (N)—Ohio U.—6-0—200—Celina, 0.—Celina
ren C. Haskin, Raymond Daujatos, - Ends (19)
signed up yesterday for the All-
Hc&d Footbflll Co&cll EIni6r Burnlltirn will ssnd his SQUSd campus Intramural boxing tournathrough a scrimmage this afternoon at 3 o’clock, making the ment to be held the first part of Ocfirst Saturday practice session that has been held here in many tpl’er with the finals scheduled for
seasons. This extra drill has been made necessary since the squad is still in a decidedly formative stage and only two weeks remain until the opening game
against Great Lakes at Great
Lakes.
Although the squad opened fall practice last Monday, only two scrimmage and contact sessions have been held so far, and those were in the last two days. Faced with the problem of taking
hurried inventory of a unique squad 4- . ^ n- , of sailors, marines and civilians “Chief” Clevett’s direction is be- T igence a ong
that possesses more enthusiasm ginning to take form for its fall ac-
than competitive collegiate experi- tivities.
ence, Burnham has made frequent The Fraternity Athletic Commitshifts in lineups during the work- tse will meet Monday at 4 in room outs, using nearly three complete 104 at the Fieldhouse to discuss inteams. terfratexnity softball competition. Traveling Squad Undetermined ^his committee is made up of one
^ ... XI 1 representative from each house. Us-
It was apparent that the coaches
Golf, Softball, Tennis Start Fall Program
Inframural Office Runner Schediiyii Announces Openings To Meet Phillips ' For Ward Managers Monday AfteriiooH Ward Managers are needed to fill Coach Hermon Phillips is holding vacancies in the Intramural De- the first callout for the track and partnrent for the Semi-term. cross-country teams on Mond,ay, It is the duty of the Ward Mana- September 6 in room 107 Fieldger to organize all those boys in his house. One informal meeting was his district jwho are interested in held before with about twenty canforming a team for participation in didates present. A much larger the ^various intramural tourna- turnout is expected Monday than ments. The Ward Manager acts "in before, and it is epected to reveal the capacity of both coach and man- the potentialities of this year’s
ager. Periodical correspondence track team.
from the Intramural office provides Many good men on last year’s the Ward Managers with the neces- team have been lost to variutis sary information as to the schedule branches of the service. Charlie _of activities and the time and place Duesler, mainstay on last year’s his team will play. cross-country team is now in the By virtures of the Ward Mana- Army, but he is expected to be regership system, many students are placed by two very outstanding disgiven the advantages of engaging tance runners, Tom Judge from Inin supervised athletic contests with diana and Ed Beile from Illinois, good equipment which they could Judge was expected to take the not otherwise possess. Anyone in- place of Indiana s Campbell Kane, terested in organizing a team in famous distance runner. Both Judge any one of the Wards or Co-op and Beile are in the V-12 program. Houses, is asked to contact the In- A large program has been outtramural Office, No. 2876, for fur- lined for the track and cross-coun-
ther information. try teams.
ually the softball tourney is under way by now; however with the fraternities living out it requires more
time to organize them.
' The all-campus tennis tourna-
Notices
Enfirineer Staff: Meeting tonight at 4 p. m. All members please be present. —FISCHER
to all tennis players on the campus. Those wishing to play should sign
up on the bulletin board outside the Frank Armstiong, R-Fedry Aramovich (M)—Illinois—_-1—188—Rockford, 111.—Hailem
Virgil DeButts, Joseph Perry, Ed- P-Frank Bauman (M)—Illinois—6-3—216—Harvey, 111.—Thornton ward W. Ruff, Ted Owens, F. T. "Melvin Brown (N)—Tenn. Tech.—6-11—170—-Celina, Tenn.—Celina Saunders, D. E. McMillen, E. H. F-Joe Buscemi (M)—Illinois—6-11—186—Rockford, 111.-—West Woodard, T. R. Lawrence, E. J. R-Marvm Clatt (M)—Illinois—6-2—210—E. Peoria, 111.—E. Peoria Chlebowski, L. J. Krai, Tom Phelps, jge Collings (N)—Purdue—6-2—180—W. Lafayette—W. Lafayette
intramural office.
Golf Tourney
Another tournament which promises to have many entries in the all-
Fullbacks (8) ■"Anthony Bntkovich (M)—Illinois—5-10—190—St. David, 111.—Lewiston Charles Fox (C)—None—5-9—190—Peoria, 111.—Peoria William Kreisle (M)—Purdue—5-10—180—Tell City—Tell City George Mihal (C)—None—6-1—210—Gary—Emerson *Leo Milla (M)—Missouri—6-9—210—St. Louis, Mo.—McKinley ""Michael Popovich (M)—Missouri—6-0—190—Benld, 111.—Benld Raymond Stone( N)—None—5-10—190—Indianapolis—Shortridge "Bernard Tetek (M)—Tulane—6-0—198—Gary—Froebel
campus golf tourney. Players must c. A. Nowlen, D. E. Alexander, C. sign up and began to play qualify- q G. D. Martel, Phil Garver,
ing rounds next week. Contestants must turn their score cards into the
Christian Science Organization: There intramural office and each player Will be an opening meeting Monday, Sep- , . ,, j tx m -l -to lember 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room 303 of the HlUst Sign the card. It Will be an 18 Union. All freshmen and new students who \iq\q medal toumey. The flights will are interested are cordially invited ^ o
—WATTS be made out according to qualifying Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting in Exponent SCOies.
'office Monday, Sept. 6, at 4 ;30 p. m. Plans for Rassle will be discussed. —MURPHY Phi Kappa Tau: Regular meeting Monday. Sept. 6, at 6.30 p. m. in Senate office. —MURPHY Student Senate Senior Board: There will be a senior board meeting Monday, Sept 6, in the Senate office —THOMAS George: Your service page copy can not be published until your correct name is given us. —EDITOR Fencers: Anyone interested in fencing please meet on the third floor of the Fieldhouse in the fencing room at 4 p m Fiiday, Sept. 3. —BRYANT Service Men: There will be a meeting for all service men who are working on the Exponent or who would like to work in the Exponent office this afternoon at 6 30. —RICHARDSON Student Senate: Tne legular meeting of the Senate will be as scheduled, Monday, ^pt. 6, at 8 p. m. in the Senate office ^THOMAS Students Branch Members of ASME who have not received July or August issues of “Mechanical Eng.” please pick it up in 304, ME Building —LEUTWILbR To All Students: The American Society of Mechanical Engmeero will hold an open meeting Wednesday at 7:30 p m in loom 108 of the ME Building Prof Hockema will talk and films about the University will be shown All freshmen are invited —GALLATIN ASME Members: Important open meeting Wednesday at 7 :30 in room 108, ME Building. All members i>lease be present. —GALLATIN Applicants for Cook County Scholarships: Please contact Mr. Thompson in the Division of Educational Reference at your earliest convenience. This is important —THOMPSON Tau Beta Pi: Keys for new members are here. Get them at 506 Russell any week day after 7 p. m. or when ever you can contact me —WORMSER Chi Eta Epsilon: Meeting will be held Friday, Sept. 9, at 7 *30 p m. in room 110 of the Chemical and Metallurgical Building.
—HITE
Catalyst Club: Meeting and party will be held Thursday, Sept 8, on the Chemical and Metallurgical Building south steps at 7 .30 p. m. —HITE Playshop Players, Theta Alpha Phi: Please attend meeting Wedneslay, Sept 6, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Playshop office Important ’ /^STERNBERG Debris distribution today and Monday from 4 to 6 p m. Book Exchange: Will be open Saturday 1 to 4 p. m. Next week Monday through Friday 1 to 5 p. m All books or money must be called for by Fndaj, Sept 8, at
5 o’clock.
Reamers: Meeting Monday at 7.30 p m. See east desk foi room numbci —SWANTZ AW8 Executive Board: Meeting at 7 15 p. m. Tuesday, Septembci 7, in the AWS office. —VEIT
The championship flight consists of those "with the best qualifying scoies. Other flights "will be made depending on scores and total entries. The first round will be played Saturday and Sunday of next week.
Typewriter service. C L. Gunkle. Phone
0943.
Waiters wanted to woik in Iraternily house.* Those interested call the steward, Lairy Fleischman, 7724. Wanted—Waiter wanted in fiaternity hou'.e.Appioximately 17 hours a week. Call Henry Marshall, 2390 Room furnished for firing furnace. Odd jobs extra See C. L Buikholdcr, Purdue Hoiticultural Building. Lost—Tan and brown billfold. Alice Ovciturf, WRH Noith, Room 309. Not-ice All men interested in cross country or fall track are invited to attend a meeting, at 4:30 p. m. Monday, September 6, in Room 105 of the Fieldhouse. —HERMON PHILLIPS Head Track Coach
A. Aerne and Geo. Londhoir. V-12 IM Schedules Monday, September 6 Diamond— 11 A1 vs. C7 12— A2 vs. C4 13— A3 vs. B7&8 14— A4 vs. D2 16_A5 vs. D3 16— A6 vs. B6 17— A7 vs. C3 18— B1 vs. Cl 19— B2 vs. C2 20— B4 vs. D4 21— B6 vs. C6 22— C5 vs. D1 WBAA Schliflufe 12:00—Music. 12:16—Meet the Band. 12:45—Markets. 12:56—News. 1:00^—Radio Stage. 1:30—Marching to Victory. 1:65—News. 2:00—Story a Day. 2:15—Petite Musicals. 2:30—Musical Round-up. 2:55—News. 3:00^—Afternoon Melodies. 3:15—Tea Time Tunes. 3:45—News.
Hairy Dameron (M)—Mo. Mines—6-2—190—St. Louis, Mo.—Southwest 'Francis Foughty (M)—N. Dakota—6-1—180—Towner, N. D.—Rolette William Funke (N)—Purdue—6-2—185—Cincinnati, 0.—Withrow Charles Haag (.C)—Purdue—6-1—175—Evansville—Bosse "Fred Halpin (M)—N. Dakota—6-0—200—Crosby, N. D.—Otis Orchards Herbert Hoffman (M)—Shurtleff—6-3—200—Mishawaka—Mishawaka Robert Kalmbach (N)—Cincinnati—6-2—178—Toledo, O.—DeVilbiss F-Nathan Laskm (C)—Purdue—5-11—175—Youngstown, 0.—East William Lodge (N)—Purdue—6-1—190—Madison—Madison R-John Moore (M)^—Missouri—5-11—176—St. Louis, Mo.—Roosevelt William O’Feefe (M)—N. Dakota—6-2—200—Giand Forks—Gr. Folks F-Edward Reser (N)—Purdue—6-1—180—Lafayette—Jefferson ("Nicholas Steshko (M)—Purdue—6-0—175—Bayonne, N. J.—Bayonne (Quarterbacks (7) ’ Richard Bushnell (C)—None—5-7—150—-W. Lafayette—W. Lafayette 'James Darr (M)—Missouri—5-11—180—Chillicothe, Mo.—Chillicothe Chalmeis Elliott (M)—None—5-ld—160—Bloomington, 111.—Bloo’ington '"Edward Gerker (M)—Mo.—^5-11—185—Normandy, Mo.—Clayton, Mo. Blame Hiblei (M)—Missomi—5-11—176—Kansas Clity, Mo.'—Southwest Raymond Schultz (N)—None—6-0—185—Chicago, 111.—Lane Tech. Sam Vacant! (M)—^lowa—5-10—185—Omaha, Neb.—Technical Halfbacks (14) John Ade (N)—Purdue—5-10—166—Kentland—Kentland R-Robert Bossett (M)—Indiana—5-8—180—Spring Lake—Manasquan 'James Comer (M)—Jalo Jr.—5-8—170—Natl. City, Cal.—Sweetwater 'Ed Cycenas (N)—Purdue—5-9—187—Chicago, 111.—Tilden Tech. ■"Stanley Dubicki (M)—Shurtleff—5-8—160—^South Bend—-Washington Edgar Erskine (N)—Franklin—6-10—160—Peoria, 111.—Peoria R-Arthur Flint (M)—-Iowa—5-10—165—Highland Park, 111.—Same Joe Johnston (M)^—Coffeyville—5-11—160—Coffeyville, Kas.—Kindley William Kiieghbaum (C)—None—5-11—-160—Rochester—Rochesteh Leonard Milauskas (C)—Purdue—5-10—176—Amsterdam, N. Y.—Same '"Keith Parker (M)—Missouri—6-0—205—Gillespie, 111.—Gillespie , Gale Proctor (N)—None—6-0—165—Brazil—Brazil F-Lewis Rose (C)—Purdue—6-0—180—Hobart—Hobart R-William Stuart (N)—Purdue—6-0—185—Hammond—Hammond
Martha Scott and Dennis O’Keefe have the romantic leads in Andrew Stone’s star-studded comedy, “Hi Diddle Diddle,” scheduled to open today at the Mars Theatre thru United ArtistS"release. Adolphe Menjou, June Havoc, Pola Negri and Billie Burke round out the prominent cast.
Classified Ads
Typewriters; Adding inacnines, ail makes told, rented repaired and purchased Mimeo* graph work done. C J. Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Xxian Office, 407 Columbia. Wanted—Stuuentb to deliver the Exponent three day^j a w'eek. Apply at the Circulation Department in the Exponent office. Have your rugs, carpets, turniturc cleaned by the Trojan Rug-O-Vator Company. Wall to wall carpeting, oriental^, and twist weaves a specialty. Dial 3298. Wanted—Students for part time work as pin betters See Mr Jred Howard in Union bowling Alley lor this good jjtiyini; woik during your free hourb. Room for instructor or graduate student Private entrance, bcparatc bath. Call 0976 or 71362. Lost—Wme-colored billlold containing cash and personal matter. Lluabeth Wclbh Mymt South. Howard. For Sale—to good Harifoti/.Ld khalti arni> uniforma; BhirU. 14‘/j, bIoovcb 32, lroubcr.s, waiBt 20, length 32. Phono 33002, or call at 1007 Columbia St. Wanted—Accomuaniiit, man or woman, for P.B W. Morden Dance ClaBbcb. Mubt bo able to ImproviBc Cull Mitu Dell, Womon'e PblfalcBl Education Department, 3770,
ROOMS TO RENT? The Easiest Way To Reach Purdue Students IS A CLASSIFIED AD in THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Be your own Beauty Expert
Choose the special beauty treatment created for the needs of your skin. Follow it faithfully. This is the “expert” way, the quickest, most effective way to loveliness, n'ow and always.
—Wash thoroughly with BEAUTY GRAINS (1.00) to counteract excess oiliness, remove all dust and grime. Follorv with soothing, softening PASTEURIZED FACE CREAM (1.00).Flattering,protective SNOWLOTION (l.OOj gives a smooth mat finish for make-up. To “know” your skin... to use your preparations most effectively ... for the answer to special problems, consult our trained Helena Rubinstein representative. Helena Rubinstein Oily Skin Treatment, 3.00. Also Treatments for the Normal, the Dry, the Disturbed, the Mature, the Dull, Drab Skin- w„,
(foeiiA
Toiletries
Street Floor
i'l' ^ 4
s I
^ i