II
VOLUME XLVII
[ I
?rill Irwin toarallcHere Tuesday To .Address Sixth AllUniversity Convo On ‘^Tainted Truth” ^ Will Irwin, novelist, short story writer, feature writer, dramatist, poet—“just an all-round writer”—^ will appear at the sixth all-Univer-sity convocation in Eliza Fowler Sail Tuesday night. His subject will be “Tainted Truth”, a forward discussion of methods of propaganda. The talk is scheduled to begin M S o’clock. ' Mr. Irwin had considerable experience as a newspaper reporter at the beginning of hiS career, but f^or the past number of years has been a free-lance writer. Sis feature articles, in the leading newspapers throughout the country, on gangsters and gangsterism, have Mtracted widespread interest lately. Power Of Press The position of the real power of the press-—or what there is left of it—-is in the news columns, according to Mr. Irwin, instead of in the editorial pages, as philosophic^ historians would have us believe. This and the struggle of the press for the right to publish hews will be considered in his lecture. Propaganda employed during the World War to. the methods used today will be taken up. In addition to his popularity as a writer, Mr. Irwin has long been a favorite with audiences. He is a good narrator as well as a keen observer of present-day questions of the. nation and world.
WSGA Frosh Petitions Due Tomorrow marks the deadline for freshman, petitions to the W. S. G. A; executive board. These must be turned in to Helen Hall not later than 5 o’clock. Two girls from these nominees will be elected at a general mass meeting to be held in the Memorial Union Building, February 12, at 4 o’clock. The petition should read: “I, the undersigned, nominate ‘Nominee’s Name’ as freshman representative on the executive board of W. S. G. A.” This must be followed by the signatures of the nominee first and then twenty-five freshman women.
Debris To Take ROTC Pictures Pictures for this year’s Debris will be taken at the regular corps formation next Tuesday. The entire corps will be photographed in regular army formation as well as in position for calisthenics. Group pictures of various commanders, staffs and colors will also be taken, Medals will be awarded to cadets making expert in last semester’s pistol courses. The program will consist further of calisthenics to music and beginning of preparation for national inspection.
Glider Club Will Meet For Work Session Today Members of the Purdue Glider club will meet in front of the Mem orial Union Building at 1 o’clock this afternoon before leaving for a work session. Students desiring to beconie members of the club are re quested to meet there also. The group will be divided into three working sections, for the towcar, the glider, and the winch, and a flying section. The flight schedule of the club will be announced next week and glider films will also be shown.
CHEMISTRYvSpCIE^t TO, HEAR DILvprlL^SUTER,-: Dr, G; M. Suter, professor pf chemistry at Northwestern, Will be the speaker at the February meeting of the American Chemical Society. He will talk on “Germicidal Properties and Chemical GonstitU-: tion”. The meeting will be held in room 106 of the Chemistry Building, Thursday evening, February 13, at 7:30.
Gets Post Picked To Take Charge Of “Bettei* Homes” : Mrs. Dorothy Doyle, who has been attending the University for the past two and one-half years, has been placed in charge of Better Homes in America’s-Home Information Service, according to Frank Watson, executive secretary of Better Homes in America. Mrs. Doyle was Selected for this important post on the basis of her study and experience in the fields of home economics and housing, and her contacts with the public on these subjects. Holds Degrees Mrs. Doyle has studied home economics and housing problems at Michigan State College, Columbia and Purdue Universities, and holds the degrees of bachelor of science and master of science. She taught home economics in St. Joseph Michigan, had charge of the Girls’ Continuation School in Holland, Michigan, and for two. years acted in the capacity of assistant in home administration at the University; Her experience in the field of business includes personnel work in several large department stores in Ohio and Michigan. The breadth of her experience and understanding of practical housing problems will be found of value to all who have occasion to make use of the Home Information Service of Better Homes in America.
Pi Phi’s To Give ‘ ‘Mellerdrammer ” Cabbages, slightly over-ripe tomatoes, and high powered pea shooters will not be barred from the cafeteria of the-Memorial Union Building tomorrow evening when members of Pi Beta Phi sorority will be the entertainers (?) at the regular Sunday evening program. Thmr brainstorm is titled “Wild Mellerdrama” and in it they will present the audience with quintuplets—first time on this or any campus! The show is scheduled to start at 5:30 and the players optimistically expect it to last for a few minutes at least. Anyway the food wilt be good, but you have to pay for it.
FRANKLIN WOMEN WILL HEAR RUBY CLARK Prof. Ruby Clark, of the school of hoMe econbmiGs, will speak on “Consurner Education^’ to: the American Association of University Women at Franklin Monday night. Miss Clark took a course last summer on consumer education at Ball State Teachers College, under the direction of Dr. Cole, of the University of Missouri. :
99
Todd Rmllins ; To - ^Jmz It Up At Mixer Tonight
Todd Rollins, the young maestro, who will appear with his orchestra at the Union ballroom tonight, does not claim to have Originated the word “jazz” in connection with
modern day music.
In the past few years many of the rhythmic impressarios in this country and abroad- have claimed the credit for creating the word “jazz”, as applied to syncopated melodies. “Contrary to the stateinents of many of my colleagues,” says Mr. Rollins, “the word did not even have its origin in the field of music, nor was it in any way con nected with things theatrical or musical. It came from the labora^ tories of the perfuniers and cos
metic niakers.” “Jazzing It Up”
In the manufacture of many coa metics and perfumes, oil of jasmine is used to tone up the various preparations. The chemists refer to this process as “jazzing it up”. From the cpsmietic laboratories it crept into the musical factories with the result that they adopted it as their own original expression However, Todd and his boys do— in their own unusual style play “jazz” as the dancer and the music lover wish to hear it played. Todd believes, though, that to be worthy of top rating a band must be equipped to play all types of music well, and his own organization is one of the outstanding dance bands in this
respect.
Benefit Fluid Hits $22,368 Campaign E x t e n d e d To Monday Or Later Team workers on the Lafayette Community Fund reported at a check-up meeting held Thursday noOn in the Y. M. C. A- building, that $14,668 had been raised toward the budget which was set at $37,000, and reports received late last night swelled the total to $22,368. West Lafayette and the University had contributed more than one-third of its quota of $6,000. The campaign, which was scheduled to close last night, has been continued until Monday and possibly later because of the bad effects of the Cold spell, according to ah announcement made by the Rev. T. F. Williams, general chairman of the campaign and pastor of the Trinity M. E. church. George Byers, ’17, president of the organization, has called the final report nreeting for Monday night. The organizations which will administer, or benefit by the money raised are the Boy Scouts, the Lafayette Girl Scouts, the Salvation Army, the Flower Mission, the Y. M. C. A. and the Y. W. C. A.
Association To Give Lincoln Program In commemoration of Lincoln’s birthday, February 12, the Tippecanoe County Historical Association is presenting a celebration program. The program, to begin at 8 o’clock, will be held in the Historical Museum, Dr. Albjerg, of the University history department, will be the speaker and, weather permitting, two elderly colored men, once slaves, will be present. No charge will be made for admission.
Students, Faculty To Honor Irwin; All students and faculty members will be given an opportunity to meet Will Irwin, author and editorial observer, at a faculty-student reception in his honor Tuesday evening. The reception will be given by the Student Union in the faculty lounge Of the Memorial Union Building following his all-Univer-sity convocation lecture, “Tainted Truth”, and will be Open to^ the public. Pres, and Mrs. E. C. Elliott will be in the receiving line Tuesday evening. Punch and wafers will be served.
NOTICE
Educatjon 226, psychology of learning and teaching applied to college work. On account of the all-Univer-sity convocation this class will meet on Wednesday evening, Feb. 12, instead of on Tuesday, Feb. 11. REMMERS.
Presbyterian Choir To Sponsor Concert Eddie Mae BrOwne, violin soloist, will be featured with the Univer^ sity Concert Choir Sunday, February 16, at 4 o’clock in the Central Presbyterian church. A voluntary offering will be taken to help raise a scholarship fund for Miss Browne. The program is being sponsored by the Presbyterian church choir that is directed by A. P. Stewart, musical director at the University.
Women’s Pan Dance, Feb. 21 Organized co-eds only may at.tend the annual dance of the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Association, that will be given Friday, February 21, in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. The tickets for the affair will be placed oh sale Monday only in the six sorority houses and will be priced at one dollar and twenty-five cents per couple. Since the dance is closed except to cO-eds belonging to Greek or< ganizations, any girl, belonging to a national sorority that does not have a chapter on this campus should get in touch with Sarah Schaaf about a ticket.
J. R. Fenstermaker, C. E. ’35, has resigned his position with the state highway bridge design group located in . the Civil Engineering Building to accept a position with the Hugh J. Baker Company, of Indianapolis.
300 ■ Couples Attend Fraternity Ball . More than 600 persons danced to the rhythms of Bill Hogan and his syncopatin’ Californians at the Interfraternity Ball last night held in the Memorial Union Ballroom from 9 until one o’clock. Hogan, featuring Miss Rita O’Haver as vocalists, along with a girl trio, had recently dompleted engagements at various colleges and universities while on tour. ' The back drop for the affair, done in silver, black, and white, symbolized fraternity spirit with two men shaking hands. The programs were made of white leather and the covers were embossed with a gold seal of the University.
Hawkeyes See Chance To Even Game Series Lwmherf Takes! 12 to Iowa City To Mednudn Poiht-A~Minute Record; Title Hopes Threatened
'ByL. Dy:'Wood - - : - '
Coach Piggy I/ltmbert’s Boilermaker five will attempt to keep up their dizzy scoring pace of over 4() points per gkme when they meet the Iowa Hawkeyes at Iowa City tonight. Games with the boys from the land of the t^l corn have never been lead pipe cinches and there is no reason to think
that tonight’s fracas will be any different. The Purdue team will be striving to keep its string of five victories in the conference intact. Iowa, having had an indifferent season to date, will be trying mightily to end that streak of winning. Ip past seasons the Hawkeyes have given the Boilermakers their toughest competition, the present margin of victory for the series being only 11 to 10. Seemingly the Iowa fives always prove tough, whether playing here or on their
own floor.
Squad Members The squad Who entrained here last night-at 5:56 o’clock included the following men: Capt. Bob Kessler, Young, Sines, Malaska, Seward, Smith, Downey, Lambert, Elliott, Miangas, Budd, and Cummins. Lambert will probably start Kessler and Young at the forward positions, Elliott at center, Malaska aiid either Downey or Lambert at
guards.
After the game with Iowa tonight, the Boilermakers journey to Minneapolis where they will meet the rejuvenated Minnesota team Monday night. The Gophers, after a slow start, have staged a brilliant comeback to chalk up triumphs over Michigan, Northwestern, and Ohio State, and back on the home floor will be a tough customer for the Boilermakers to handle!. Northwestern Series The home and home series with Northwestern that will be launched here next Saturday night and continued at Evanston the following Saturday is expected to provide oiie of the highlights of the Big Ten season. Purdue-Purple hardwood frays, particularly in recent years, have been nip and tuck tussles, and Northwestern’s only hope of remaining in the title chase will hinge on the outcome of the Purdue
series."
Although Purdue managed to grab both games of the Northwestern series last year, 33 to 31, and 38 to 24, both games, notably the engagement here, were hard-fought affairs. Purdue holds a healthy edge over the Wildcats in games played since 1919, having won 21 engagements against only five losses, but past records will mean little when the two teams take to the hardwood this year.
Petitions
Due Today Prom And Gida Week Candidates Must File
From 4 To 5
Petitions for Prom or Gala Week committees must be taken to the Student Senate office in the Memorial Union Building, between 4 and 5 o’clock this afternoon. All petitions must be signed by tyrenty-five members of the prospective candidate’s qwn Class and ihust be ac-
companied by one dollar.
Two rules are necessary for eligibility to either committee: The applicant must have no outstanding “C” or “D” grades on his record for last semester; open canvassing -—electioneering in the Union on the day of the elections or distributing sample ballots^is prohibited. Any candidate found ineligible will automatically forfeit his one dollar
deposit.
S. R. Wirth and J. W. Townsend, co-chairmen of the elections conamittee of the Senate, will receive the applications and check up on the eligibility of the petitioners.
PIA VALENTINE DAY DANCE FEBRUARY 13 : P. I, A. will feature various card games as well as dancing at their Valentine Day Dance, to be held Thursday, February 13, from 4 to 6 o’clock in the Union ballroom Membership cards will be required for admission, but each member may bring one couple in addition to his date as his guests. Refresh' ments carrying out the valentine theme will be served at the conclusion of the social.
Dr. E. K. Strauss To Speak Next Week ^ Dr. Elizabeth Kales Strauss, a practicing psychiatrist and physi cian in Chicago, will deliver the first of a series of marital lectures for all senior women February 12 at 7 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Meniorial Union Building. Her topic this year is “The Physical Aspect of Marriage”. Other speakers of the series will be Dr. Lucia Towers, on February 18; and Dr. Mary Morgan, Febru ary 25, while the fourth and final of the series will be given the first week in March. Definite plans for this last talk have not y!|t been made. Only senior women will be admitted to this series of talks.
EMPLOYMENT
Students desiring odd jobs during the current somester should fill out work cards in the dean of men’s office as soon as possible. GOLDSMITH.
Choir To Go To South Bend Members of the University Concert Choir will journey to South Bend tomorrow to present a variety program of sacred and secular music at 4 o’clock vesper services at the First Methodist Episcopal church. A group of four singers, Wendell C. Compton, Josephine Friend, Riley Shuttleworth and Charlotte F. Stewart, will be fea-
tured as soloists.
J. Robert nammond, Tegular accompanist for the choir and assistant organist of the church, and Eddie Mae Bi’owne, violinist, will play several special selections during the services. Following the concert, the choir will be guests of the
church at dinner. Second Program
At 7:30 o’clock a second program of sacred music will be sung at the Elkhart Presbyterian church. The concert has been arranged by Mrs. Grace V. Compton, mother of Wendell Compton, manager of the choir, and Karl Kauffman, a former mem-
ber of the choir.
FRESHMEN, SOPHOMORES All first and second year students desiring to participate in the Best Article of the Month Contest, sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi, shpuld see that their contributions are recognized and registered in the contest as soon as possible. To be eligible for competition, an article must be published or accepted for publication by the editor of a campus publication (Scrivener manuscripts, however, will not be considered in this contest); each editor will turn in to the judging committee any article meeting the above qualifications if the writer so desires. All entries should be in the handle of the committee by the third week in Febi'uary. ■Winners in the contest wMch will be held monthly, will receive a good edition of one the best books of the momth.P I
1 ?
$ur))iue exponent
IPoanded in 1883
1
1936-1986 ^ Memb^ Associated C61Iegiate Press Distributor of COUiBGIATB mCBST
Mfuttber of National Collesre Press Association, Big Ten Bditorial ^sociation ExdnsiTelT Represented by National Advertisingr Service, Inc. 439 Madison Avenue, Near York City ,
on atw-ntiri el«aa matter at the nost office. Lafayette, Indiana Deliver^ by $A60 per year delivered by earner, $2 60 per year, sold by single copy. 2 cents.
Business Phone 6038
MAIN OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdne University
EditoO'hi-Cluef — Managring: Editor— _ Associate Editors ~ Sports Editor Associate Sports Editors Sophomore Assistants C Harper, Bold and Black Editor
EDITOaiAL STAFF „ „ „ „ _ „ H V. Heuser _C H Campbell ~ r ~ A. M. Chasteen, C M. Hardin, W T Hunt, E H. Morris, M. G Walther „ „ „ N. E Hays “ "" „ DP Mull, R. H Walpole, L D Wood K. A. Barnette. J E Brock, R U Cribb, A H Forster, Jr, M. Kohr, R P Manion, D M Meacham, G L Sadler G P. Roquemore, R. C Schenck, J L VonHarz „ „ W R Abbott
Business Manager — AdvertiBinK Manager „ „ Advertising Assistants
BUSINESS STAFF W A Koch _ _ H. F Antonini „ L. H Brown, R. Creek, D. C Miller
Editor _ Associate Editors _ Advertising Manager
WOMEN’S STAFF _ Joyce Williams „ „ " JBelen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann Josephine Perkins
fesiie Editor-—J. E, Brock.
Saturday, February 8, 1936.
The Decreased Freshman Load With the beginning of the present school year, the engineering freshmen were introduced to the new plan of study by which the total number of semester hours would be reduced from the former 19 or 20 to 17 and two-thirds. The purpose of the move was to give to the newcomers a ‘^breathing spell” (if a New Deal term may be borrowed.) Students from all the various environments are thrown together under cominon standards for a common purpose, and they must be “acclimated” to college life. Reflections of outside criticism continually contend that students are entirely ignorant of the “humanities”; or their physical well-being is neglected; or their technical preferences are being sidetracked because of overemphasis on some other phase of the educational process. The educator must try to strike the normal of these varied opinions, to direct a course toward a balanced life and development. So the freshman load was reduced, and each individual was given the additional free time to develop himself along the lines of quenching that scarce attribute called a thirst for knowledge, and to become “acclimated”. The only question that is raised is, “Toward what end are these spare hours being used?” Are hours that have been excluded from class and study time used for seeking out answers to problems or are they being used to warm divans? Are the students wearing down the librarians and instructors or are they sipping more cokes ? Are they keeping in contact with current problems or are they taking more road trips? The spare-hour problem was discussed with one of the faculty heads. “Self-directed study,” he said, “is a tradition that must be built up.” It is an attitude that grows through generations, and is relayed from the upperclassman to the entering student. It is the generating source of initiative that will
carry on.
Conclusions can not be drawn from an observation over a period of only one semester, but the results surely do not point toward a definite improvement on the part of the freshman engineers. As the trend to decrease hours advances and a “tradition” is established, there will creep into American education the “Oxford Trend”—^which may be defined as the process of assimilating facts by being “smoked at”. Vitamin H has been discovered, it is announced. One reason, perhaps, why the vitamins are not using up the alphabet any faster is because they use only one letter at a time, instead of three or four, as the New Deal has done.—^Kansas
City Kansan.
The IbtARS double-pass and the DOUBLEMINT to “Riff ’n Raff” for the first contribution column of the year. May there be many more. He: Do you know anything about
mature?
She: What do you mean mature ? He: Mature Bowes! —. SWEET SHOP SAMMT/ Fm a coker and a smoker And I’m far from home. If the Pifi’s don’t like me They can leave me alone. I eats when I’m hungry And I drinks when I’m dry; If the Kappa’s don’t kill me I’ll live by Alfaki. . . . . . . and while you’re balloting—
Bloomington, Ind., I’eb. 6th— Henceforth this column will be conducted by foreign correspondence, Since the writer has taken uP his educational grubbing on the campus of Indiana University. A comparison of the two schools has been suggested as being of possible interest to Exponent readers. With this in view as fit material for forthcoming columns, it might be well to remind those who expect a hearty cheer for Purdue on every line that they will not find it. Nor will there be any demonstrations for “My Indiana”. After all, a comparison cannot be honest and yet sling praise consistently in one direction.
'"’"V —"— ——■"r-i’-'T--ticket wiicit'iheludes ijurd^ Idr-^ucb <file^ as blpb^ (iiiDUiity cildssi>^ $Mtiup,i Dept. Uf Puplicit]^^^ Jteetkil Mei’chani’s Biireau, (jhifipiian diation, and Political PUrtiesl Ahd on Some of these, they "demand both ohe’s name written and printedi Anbther choice bit of tape is their four-page personnel blank that com tains two hundred and ninety spaces to be filled. Who said engineers Were the only thorough people?
All in all, registration here is more leisurely than at Purdue. The ticket is filled out and fees paid one day, and each student visits his new instructors in their offices and enrolls on the following day. » * * For anyone interested, this writer IS as readily available as ever for comment or criticism either through the Reader’s Opinion of this paper, or at 405 S. Highland Bloomington, Indiana.
I, , choose the following co-eds to appear in the B & B oblivion feature col-
Dumbest
Loviest Nuttiest Hottest Truckin’ist Most boo-tiful
Q Who was Eve ’ A* The first chicken ruined a man’s garden
POEM WITH A KICK
On mules we find Two legs behind
And two we find before.
We look behind Before we find
What the two behind before.
—mini.
Famous last line “Pardon me, but would you sign my Prom Committee Petition’”
Seldom has this column been guilty of the blind, emotional type of loyalty some people maintain for such indefinable and all-inelusive institutions as their alma mater. After the hardboiled business administration, and the dickerings in the classroom have been discounted, no doubt there remains an indefinable aura probably having something to do with the landscaping, the buildings, the chimes, the classmates, and the publicity ballyhoo which will awaken fond memories. However, I reserve these for my
dotage. * * *
As one works out one’s four years at college, many faces become impressed on one’s mind,
that ever Each year some of these faces fail
to reappear at registration. Often their images are never recalled in their absence, and apparently they
are forgotten
Beginning in June, Yale engineering graduates will receive bachelor of engineering instead of bachelor of science degrees.
Master of 63 tongues. Prof. Watson Kirk Connel, of Wesley Col lege, Winnipeg, says Basque is the most difficult language in the world.
PHdtds 1 26c I liiller’i Studio....
Starts TOMORKOW I JINX TO
We offer you one of the finest dancing school in Indiana It makes instruction a greater pleasure than you realized New Beginners’ Class In Social Dancing for Adults Opens Wed., Feb. 12, 7:3fi p. HR. New advanced class Feb. 14 ► 6th & Ferry
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
The students in the U. S. S. R. universities are the hardest worMng group in Russia, studying fourteen hours a day, de dared Anne L. Strong, American author, on her arrival Tuesday on the liner Washington. The quotation is typical, for constantly American students are being reminded of the difii' culty and excellence of education in Germany, Italy, and other European countries. But while the comparative quality of education in England France, and the U. S. )nay be a moot point, we may dismiss the claims of superiority made by the countries of the dictatorships—^Russia, Germany and Italy. Perhaps they may claim equality in the natural sciences, but certainly in the humanities and the social sciences we are superior. American students, unfamiliar with European universities do not realize, perhaps, the tremendous advantage of freedom of opinion in our universities, but it is this freedom which makes our education almost unique in the world today, In Russia and in Germany, once the Mecca of higher education, the policies of the government seriously hamper and warp the study of political and economic theories. The pride of nationalism even prevents the presentation of a fair pic ture of art and literature. In the United States individual professors often suffer from individual biases, but a healthy conflict of ideas is encouraged. The student is presented with the facts, and with various conflicting views, and is given the opportunity to formulate his own opinions. In the dictatorships his access to facts or opinions unfavorable to the social philosophy of the ruler is rigidly prevented. It is conceivable that our Russian student who studies fourteen hours a day may become “learned,” but it is difficult to conceive him attaining wisdom. “Births Ahead of Deaths”—headline. Is there no limit to the accomplishments of the New Deal?—Indiana Daily Stu-
dent.
Set Up
^wn ‘^City” In Utah Newest municipality in Utah is “Windbreak City,” organized by Utah State college students who came to school in automobile trailers, removed the wheels, banked the traveling houses against the cold and proceeded to settle down for
the winter
Big things happened the other day m Windbreak City. The citizens turned out en masse from their 12 trailers and elected Ivan Theuson of Rexburg, Idaho, as mayor, Leonard Christenson of Los Angeles and Ned Tucker of Fairview, Utah,
councilmen
Take advantage by enrolling in our February Classes Beginners’ Opens Wed., Feb. 12, 7:30 p. m. Advanced Opens Friday, Feb. 14, 7:30 p. m.
6th & Ferry
SUNDAY - MONDAY
One of my biggest surprises has been the rediscovery of some of those forgotten faces as I encountered them on the campus here I was stopped the other day by a student whom I hadn’t seen since a freshman in a Purdue gym class Come to find out, he is a senior here, majoring m philosophy and very enthusiastic about his work H< He * One readily recalls the bi-annual howl raised at registration when everyone has to fill out a “railroad ticket” It should be a howl for joy that ours does not contain the sixteen forms printed on the Indiana
LAST TIMES TODAY
ON OUR STAGE the
Cast of 1,090 4 Performances Only Fffi. I Sat Felj.y4-15 Premiere for Benefit of Lafayette Little Theater Association All SEATS RESERVED
Mats 65c to $1 10 Eve 55c to $1 65 Mail and Phone Orders Accepted
In the spring a young man’s fancy turns turns.
and turns and
Success depends on the ability to say “yes” and “no”. It depends even more on the ability to say neither.—^Dr. Elliott. If there is real inflation it cannot be controlled, and if there is control, there is no inflation.—^New York Times.
A surly bird catches the germ.—Shaft.
ssa GIANT Mill
“Hong Kong Nights” LAST TIMES TODAY BUCK JONES in “Hello Trouble” and BING CROSBY - JOAN BENNETT in “Two for Tonight”
SUNDAY
MONDAY
“Western Courage”
On the Screen FRANCHOT TONE MADGE EVANS in “Exclusive Story”
Stagre Shows at 3 30 - 5 30 7 30 - 9 30
Prices MATINEE 15c - 25c - 30c NIGHT 15c - 30c - 40c
stories... as its first
meets
I
EUGENI O'NEILL’S great American drama V.,, outstanding success of the past decade . now on even greater screen triumph! starring
end
Plus Jack Denny and Orchestra
Starts TOMORROWplayers will compete in scheduled ’ igames stafiting next Tuesday at 7 ' o’clock. Twenty-eight fraternities have signed up for this competition and will be ready to participate in the competition for the'Class B cup and the participation points awarded to the winner of the tourney. • Competition in the tournament is restricted to students who did not play in class A basketball and whe are not participatirig in' varsity basketball. Eligibility may be de termined by referring to the eligi bility list posted on the gym bulletin board.
-f -t- -f 4- ^ BASKETBALL'.' 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 Court 1, Humphrey 7:00^Re,d vs. Brown. 7:lb-^^lue vSi Green. 8:26—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma, Nu.;' .'■■■ Court 2, Scriynor 7:0(1—^Ward 4 vs. Ward 2. 7:16—-Gray vs. Orange. 8:25—itappa Sigma vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. . ' Court 3,.''' llutt. ■ 7:00—White vs. Black. 7:l&^ard 8 vs. Ward 11 8:26--^Ward 15 vs. Ward 1. 8:40-^D6lta Tau Delta vs. Delta . :,'.Ghi. ■ ■
Phrdue's fast stepping hardwood aces have rung up an average of 46.6 points per game in the five conference games played to date. While holding their point-a-minute advantage they have held their opponents to an average of 24.6 points per game. Paradoxically, Indiana, now leading the conference race by virtue of six wins, has averaged only about half as many points per game as the Boilermakers. Their total now stands at 29.6 which is only about three points ahead of their opponents who have scored on the average of 26.1 points per game., Haarlow Leads Captain Bill Haarlow, of the basement dwelling Chicago Maroons, still leads the individual scores ylith a total of 8? i^ints. In the game against Ohio State la^t Monday night. Captain Dob: Kes-^ sier garriered sikteen) pbiints which lipped him from sixth; place to a, tie with Warren W^itlihger, Ohio State stary in the seOorid rotv; Both men have sCbred an eVen 60 points in jBig. Ten play. ; Jewell Young, Boilermaker forward, who also specializes in the Kessler type of impossible shots, rates fourth place with a 66 point total to his credit. Leaders, , ^ G FG'FTP Haarlow,'Chicago 28 26 S2 Kessler, Purdue ......5 27 6 60 Whitlinger, O. State......7 20 20 60 J. Townsend, Michigan..? 20 18 68
An “overwhelming majority” of college professors are in opposition to new deal policies, according to the American Liberty League. ,
Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. ffilSK . .. ROBBET G. EISE. HAEOLD J. MSK ■ I.UTHKE A. MSK . 400 Schultz PhMW S7M Comer 4th und Bfisin
Young, Purdue Thomas, Ohio State Rudness, Michigan .. Baker, Minnesota Jones, Minnesota .....
. 5 22 12 56 :..7 22 11 66 ..7 21 11 53 ...8 19 11 49 ...8 17 13 47
DEAG: V , HAS EVERYTHING ' , , for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNEE
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Malm Street ^
KKG Wins IM
Volleyball Tourney
Kappa Kappa Gamma won the
intramurar volleyball tourney yesterday afternoon by defeating the Ward 2 team, 43-34, in the final game of the series. The teams participating were divided into two leagues, and the winner of each
league played in the final game.
Members of , the Ward 2 team were: Beko, Gampbell, Davis, Shaffer, Humphreys, Pflughaupt, Blank and Vandivier. The players on the winning team were: Bains, Bryan, Charles, Fitch, Farman, HegeTe,
Painter, Richey and Scudder.
Providing^ the Boilermakers ,can maintain anything approximating the scoring pace they displayed in the first third of their Big' Ten schedule, they may approach 6r surpass the scoring record for a ccmference season of 612 points set by the 1934 Purdue championship combination. In their first five Big Tan games, the Boilermakers aver aged 45.6 points per game. Purdue seems W be maki^ habit of stopping (JhicaigQ’s offensive aces; liaSt fall the Boilernmh ev football eleven held Jay Ber^ Wanger, the M!aro6ns’ brilliant AllAmerican halfback, to less thaii 20 yards gained from Scrimmage, While Bill Haarlow, Chicago’s ace hardwoOd scorer, ha,s been limited to a single field goal in each Of the tw:o net tilts with Purdpe; SS-r-. " ■ Furdue’s present hashetbali team comes as near being a ‘‘home town” affair as any cOllegiate squad that has been gathered together in recent years. Of the nine players who have been seeing the most fre quent action, three come from Lafayette, right in th$ shadow of the University; two live within a few miles of the county line, and the remaining four all reside within from 60 to 75 miles of the campus.
—ss-—
Capt; Bob Kessler and Jewell Young, Purdue forwards, are both left-handers who specialize in difficult one-handed “stab” shots that are almost ungiiardable. ' —ss--'' ' Although Iowa is one of the two teams that has yet to Win an undisputed Big Ten title, the Hawkeyes have been the most difficult quintet for Purdue to conquer since the World War. In 2l games played since 1919 with Iowa, the Boilermakers have managed to pile up only a slim one game edge, 11-10.
Give Exhibition Faculty and varsity squash men will give a series of exhibition matches this afternoon at 2 o’clock in the town courts located at 211 hforth 8th Strdet, jnst around the corner of Mafn and 8th Streets. . A series of six matches will be played, Matches and players are as follows:
Faculty
Murray Fowler ...Larry LaBree M. L. Clevett Budd Knoll .J.H.Karr rM M^ey
Jack Knoll.... John Lucek... Frosty Field. Ray Ulrey..... Harry Noll.
C. R. Pettierew.
4444444.444 4' CLASS BASKETBALL 44444444444
Tuesday
' Uourt L"Scriknor',7:OO^Theta Chi vs^ Phi Gamma ' ,';Delta.'; : 7:i6-^Kappa Delta Rho vs^ Pi KapV',■': pa'Alpha;, 8:26-^hi Delta Theta ys. Delta IJpsi^6m;.^' 8:40-r-Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Del-ta-Sigma Lambda. . Uourt'2, '\Hutt' 7:00-:-Sigma Pi vs. Phi Kappa. 7:15—-Kappa Sigma vs. Tau Kappa
Epsilon.
8:26—Pi Kappa Phi Vs. Sigma Al-
pha Mu,
8:40—Delta Chi vs.. Sigma Nu. . CouH 3> Humphrey ' 7:06—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 7:16—Sigma Chi vs. Lambda Chi
Aljpha.
8:26—-Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Tau
.Omega.
8:40—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi.
To Begin Tueadar Practice for co-ed basketball, one of the major sports on W. A, A/s winter sports calendar, wifib begin Tuesday. Each practice will be divided into two periods, the first one being from 4 until 4:46, and the second from 4:45 until 5:30. This plan has been adopted to accommodate co-eds who are unable to come
at 4 o’clock.
However, only one practice an evening will be counted toward the three which are required before a girl is entitled to play in the intramural tourney. All practices are to bei held in the Women’s Gym, and the time of future practices will be
C. Pierce Standley ILftoherts T.M. Dakin N. H. Shea P. K. Knecht E, P. Kir% W. W. Mecum M. L. Swineheart P. P. McDowell M. Kubec
lilf^
A Modern Verston of idie T^ Rs
4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4
HOW THEY STAND 4 4 4 4 4 4 4
if a Sandwieh a »rink then a CHOP,STEAK„......10c at the Triple XXX ROOT BEER (free matches)
Indiana PURDUE ....... Northwestern Michigan Ohio State ...... Minnesota ;.... Wisconsin ....... Illinois Iowa ............... Chicago
4 .4
Pet.
1.000 1.000
.600 .671 .429 .375 .400 .400 .400 .000
Twenty out of 67 universities and colleges recently questioned report that they maintain motion-pic-ture service for about 5,000 other schools.
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
Glass A Basketball Playoff Continiies Elimination in the interfraternity Class A basketball finals leaves only the play-offs to determine the winners. Teams in the finals bracket will he matched as follows: Theta Chi to play'the winner of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon-Kappa Sigma game. Phi Kappa Psi will meet the Phi Gamma Delta-Sigma Nu winner. The Phi Gamma Delta team is playing the Sigma Nus by virtue of a win by forfeit over the Alpha Gamma Rho team, which failed, to show up for the scheduled game. In the winners’ bracket the first game played found the Phi Delta Thetas victors over Pi Kappa Alpha. The Phi Delts will advance to play the winner of the Delta ChiDelta Tau Delta game, while the Pi Kappa Alpha team goes into the losers’ bracket where it wjll be matched with the loser of the Delta Chi-Delta Tau Delta game.
IS
Right
m
NE day service if desired, A call in the morning will bring your work back to you the same day if requested. Avail yourself of this service if you need something cleaned quickly.
Phone 3085
erican
: Stuart Field Still In Shape For Skating Intramural officials announced last night that the ice on the pond at the south end of Stuart Field would be in good condition today despite a lull in the sub-zero weather yesterday. The ice is about three inches in thickness and quite a bit of warm weather will be required to render it .unfit for skating. If last weekend is any indication of its popularity there should be from 300 to 40O persons enjoying skating on the pdnd.
No attempt is bereby made to answer tbat question..... but one thing is certain, if you want to reach the student body at Purdue you can do it best if you
INTRAMURAL OFFICE CALLS FOR MANAGERS Juniors interested in Ward intramurjal managerships are urged to report to the intramural office next Monday at 4 o’clock. Junior managers will fill the place of the senior manager, V. A. Meleski, who did not return to schbol this semester; and will be in line for the office next year.
in
The Purdue Exponent
A new course in marriage at Ssrracuse University wiU enroll 130 students this semester, with 416 on g the waiting list.
' % 1^Valentiiie Offer 1 Photo $'
White
Studios
506 Main St. Phone 7407
Classified Ads.
< WE HAVE BOTH \ "Naphtha and Carhon-Tet Cleaning ^ , methods /
(Return to Purdue Exponent. Only students are eligible to vote.)
Ballots for the Beauty Contest may be turned in at the Exponent box at the Union desk; mailed to the Exponent, Box 225, Lafayette;
or deposited in any of the various campus mail boxes. Ballots placed in the campus mail must be enclosed in envelopes addressed to the Exponent Beauty Contest.
tmes
By T. J. King
Ballroom Dancing Classes open at Allen’s. Beginners, Wednesday, Feb. 12; Advanced, Friday, Feb. 14, 7:30 p. m. Phone 2150.
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Patterson Puppet Show, Trinity Church, Feb. 10. Adults 16c, children 10c.
WESLEY FOUNDATION — There will be a freshman commission breakfast at 8 a. m. tomorrow morning. Prof. T. K. Noss will talk on “Inter-racial Brotherhood" at the men’s Sunday school class at 9:30. There will be a Japanese program at the 5 o’clock social hour. Mr. Lewis, famous Negro student from DePauw University, will speak on “The Negro Problem’’ at 6:30 at Epworth League.
Student Bundle Laundry—Individual attention, reasonable prices, including mending. Dial 61442.
Begiimers Tap Class for adults opens at Allen’s, Wednesday, February 12, 9:00 p. m.
WEST SIDE BAPTIST —This Sunday is Religious Liberty Day. Roger Williams social hour at 6:30 m., followed by discussion of Christian Patriotism to be led by B. R. Strickland. Rabbi Meyer Simon, Hebrew Reform Temple of Israel, will speak at 7:30 on “If I Were a Christian’’.
Lost—Mottled green and black Shaeifer Lifetime Pen. Reward. Call Hooker, 3301.
For Rent—Single room, 330 Lutz Ave. 1 Block from campus. Phone 66023.
ST. JOHN’S EPISCOPAL — The “Young People’s Fellowship’’ is the Sunday evening club of the Episcopal students. It meets at St. John’s
NOTICES
No noticea accepted after 8 p.
Episcopal Students — Meeting of the Young People’s fellowship tomorrow night at 6 at St. John’s church. Dr. Hass, of the chemistry d^artment, will be the speaker. —BRISCOE.
Co-eds—^All co-eds are invited to listen to the opera this afternoon at 1:30 in the Y. W. C. A. office. —GOBBLE.
Kappa Delta Pi—Meeting 'Tuesday evening at 7. Bring ?1.60 for dues. —ROBBINS.
Union Workers—My committee meet at 4 Monday in the sub-basement. —QUIGGLE.
Education 226—On account of all-Uni-versity convocation this class will meet on Wednesday evening, February 12, instead of on Tuesday, February 11. —REMMERS.
Baptist Students—The Roger Williams, club of the West Lafayette Baptist church will hold its annual election tomorrow morning and evening. —HAYNES.
P. I. A.—Chorus rehearsal Monday eve ning at 7 in the tower room of Union Important! —WHITE.
KEYS - Keys for trunks, door locks, desk lacks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a spe-
cialty.
F. Jos. Mulhaiipt & Soe
209-11 North Fifth Street
Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. Popular Prices
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Comipaiiy Phone 3882
Parish House, adjacent to the church. Supper is served by ladies of the parish at fifteen cents a plate. Programs are selected and secured by a committee of students. Meetings begin at 6 p. m. Everybody welcome.
CENTRAL PRESBYTERIAN — Student School of Religion at 9:30. Dr. Graves will lead the freshmen in a study of the Character and Teaching of Jesus. Mr. Findley will lead the upperclassmen in discussing “Patriotism and Christian Ideals”. Members of the Chinese Students’ club will be guests of the Sunday Evening club at 6:16.
FIRST CHRISTIAN—Mr. V. C. Freeman will have the student class at 9:30. The Rev. J. N. Jessup will occupy the pulpit at 10:45. Christian Endeavor social hour, with lunch, at 5:30—Miss Marjorie Harliss, leader.
FINE
CLEANERS
O F
FINE
CLOTHES
J. E. EVANS, Ch. E. ’35, PAYS VISIT HERE
J. E. Evans, who graduated from the Organic Technology option in the school of chemical engineering last June, has been visiting on the campus the last few days between semester at M. I. T. Evans is working towards his M. S. in chemical engineering and is now starting on a four months’ practice school that has been maintained by M. I. T. for several years. During this period, Evans will be located at Buffalo, New York.
WBAA
Today 11:00—"Just Kids”. 11:30—^High School Guest. 12 :00—The Engineer. 12:16—Orval Wray’s Orchestra. 12 :30—News Commentator. 12 :4B—Fraternity Alumni. 1:00—The Radio Stage. 1:30—E. Harold Johns, baritone. 1:46—Neal Carson, xylophone. 2 :00—Feature for Teachers.
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passenger any part of the dty 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Doraer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Face February \s Cold Days with Korty’s Better Coals
Phone 4033
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
one cigarette that writes its own advertising..
Ifs like this—
You see Fm reading a are mild (not strong, not Chesterfield advertisement harsh). That’s true isn’t it?
and I’m smoking a Chester- Then you read "and yet field cigarette, and all of you they satisfy, please your
are smoking Chesterfields. taste, give you w^hat you want in a cigarette.” That
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker
This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
Opposite New Post Office
Now listen—Chesterfields
says it, doesn’t it? Wait a minute— It says now that Chesterfields have plenty of aroma and flavor. One of you go out of the room and' come back. That will tell you how pleasing the aroma is.
Chesterfield writes its own advertising
© 1936, liGGBTT ac M'irBRs Tobacco Co.