*
Begin Work
'*' ^ mx ir*^
louse
Pres. ESlen Mann Digs First Shovel Of Dirt At SiteOfButtding “Let the dirt fly”, exclaimed Prexy Ellen Miann yesterday afternoon as she lifted the first shovelful of dirt from the lot on Sixth IJniyersi^^^^ ^ the new $28,000 Alpha Chi Omega house is to be erected this summer. The entire Alpha Chi chapter and several townspeople including Mrs. Paul H.*sZollinger, president of the building committee, turned out for
';^ecexenmny^.. 1
Mrs. Zollinger who also helped dig some dipt pictured the new house as an “L” slmped structure of brick veneer in the Colonial sl^le. ::' iBuM-Now ^ ' ■ “We’H have to,, begin building now,” she explained. “Even now it Will be quite a rush to get it done by fall so the girls can moye in.; Mter the first shovOlful had been taken from the plot^ the group as sembled between the stakes set out by contractor Kettlehutt and had their picture taken. Equipped with shovels, also provided by Kettlehutt Bonnie Helen Raber and Margaret Dietrich stood in the front row along with Ellen Mann and Mrs. Zollinger,
. Dirt'^
An industrious group of Lambda Chi's whose newly erected hotise adjoins the Alpha Chi lot, helped the girls get enough dirt in their shovels to show in the picture. Repre sentatives of Alpha Gamma Rho, Theta Chi, and Sigrtia Phi Epsilon, neighboring fraternities, also at tended the ceremony. Walter Scholer designed the building. Other members of the building committee include Mrs Karl Kettlehutt, secretary and Mrs. Charles Craw, treasurer.
By H. R. Goodyear
During the first week of my two years" at the New Mexico Military Institute we were alone in the barracks; at the end of the week the terrible “old cadets” began to arrive, and as soon as they amved they began .to ihake life miserable for us. Each of the many strange customs of a military school had to be learned; usually they were pounded into us with brooms, paddles, coathangers; and the flat of a
saber.
Every ; “old cadet” had to be answered with a “sir”; every “rat” had to beable to give at every ^1^ the esacthumbecpf houi^ and seconds until«Christmas ; vacation, and be nble to proi^ on such subjects as: “BOO words on what I would do if Jehn Harlow were my'i’Oomrmate”. '''Rah-,Errands';;,:; In addition to jaU of thjs we rah errands^ cleaned the rifles, and polished the bopts of the “old cadets”, and fimns:hed stamps, candy, and stationery whenever we were called on.; The character-building efforts of
Business Men Plan Display
■Plans have been completed fpr the Lafayette Exposition, to be held be tween the Main and Brown Street levees beginning next Tuesday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock. Displays by the various business men will show the progress of the city as well as the different lines of business and activity which may be found here. In addition to the displays a show of high class vaudeville acts will be presented in the tent auditorium.
Scuflder Picks Mentor Aids
Seven To Act On Frosli
€ominittee
Jeanette ScUdder, chairman of the freshman orientation committee, has appointed the following girls to be her assistants in mentot activities next year: Betty Coit, Irene Feldt, Edna Hutson, Aline Marshall, Mil
dred Mills and Virginia Slocum.
Answers to common freshman questions concerning Women’s Residence Hall will be sent to the menr tors, who, in turn, will distribute the information to their assigned freshmen. The upper class women who are helping the new co-eds will receive the names and facts concerning these freshmen as the applications are sent into the registrar's office, A compulsory meeting for all mentors will be held the afternoon of Sepfem: her 11, the day preceding freshmen
Orientation examinations.
the “old cadets'f were supplemented by the rigid discipline of the tactical officers and instructors. Mo one was allowed to leave the post eT^cept with a written permit, that'is except on Monday afternoons, when everyone not on guard duty or walking off punishment tours was allowed to visit Roswell between lunch and Retreat. Spending money was rigidly limited to^two or three dollars a weekv but toilet articles could be purchased on credit at the Post Exchange and at the
Commissary.
“Sink or Swim” Some; off ns Ibai^ed not/ W-hg^ the system and concentrat^^ b^ efforts on keeping out of the way the f'old cadets”, but others; fought /the System to the end, IMs; “sink or svnm” system helped most of the bu^: a g^at deal, but some, could imver rmderstand Just discipline.; meftns. ; Spare time was the thing we never had; mounted drill, foot drill, rifle practice, saber practice. Compulsory athletics, academe work, cbmpulsory study-hall, and eWands kept us busy. Our so-called leisure time passed Just as rapidly; the usUal programme was a hurried dash for the girl, a hmried dash to the hop, a hurried dance, a dash home, and a dash back to report in at two minutes bMore the deadline. Persons who Were late walked punishment tours. A tour meant an hodr of extra foot-drill wi# full
equipment.
. Recognition . : . At the end of the year the “old cadets” finally recognised us and we (Continued on page 4)
DEBRIS CONTRACTS
Anyone who has not paid for his Debris contract must do so before Sunday, May 31, Or be reported to the dean's office. The Debris office will be Open every day from 4 till 5:30 o’clock. GOULD.
Examination Schedule
♦Examinations, will be held in. the same rooms in which the divisions regularly recite.
Period 11
MONDAY, JUNE 1, 8-11 A. M.
Room
Divisions
..A.C...... «Fri.l0
Lect.......SC 211, Phys_ 202
.All
SC 14
Hist 15 Hist 107
Moth 8 .
ME 81 . ME 78 9i1E 128
MB 142... MLAS..... PE 46 ;i:.. PEW 161
Pharl7 Phor .86
Pool 111 PM 12 ..
_B
.C
JB-H .-All..
.Jlll;.
...-All/.; ,.™An.., „-All .-All.. .-All--All.. —D.E
Period 18 MONDAY. JUNB 1, 1-4 P. M.
EA; 208
Hort 202, 210 ...HE 108, 109
Course
Agnm 11 AM 2....... BhgM ..... OE 62 ..... Engl 8 ... PMgrt; 8 ... Math 8 ... ME 8i Phar 12...
..A; „A,C...... ..All/-..-. -A/..--All....... ..All....... -A,B...... JB../-:-.. ..C.D -All. —All ...All .-All ..AU
-J)
-All. -All ./All ..G,XG,H,I,J ..AH....... ..D.B... ..JUl -All ...AH ..-AH
-O.
..-All Period IS TUESDAY, JUNE 2. 8-11 A. BL
.... SC
SC 211 . EA 208 ...... G 101 ... EE 129 . EE 264 Phys 202
ME 108 Ag 118
Hort 201
ME 301 ME 207
Divisions
Room
Ae 206, 209
PhysXe
lyffcse
Ph/
PM 12
Course
Agron 16 ... Agron 130 B 81 . CE 22 EE 22 ........ Engl 81 ...... Engl 81..— Govt 10 ...... Hort 12 .... Math 1 ...... /Marii 2 :
Math 8 PhC 8 -
Pl^ lb,
—.A-DJ...... ..„.G-1«S;.XK.
...AH. .....JB.
...-All
..™G;
..A-P.
...;AH
....-A,C,'E,
..:;-B,Dl ....a,b;
Period 14 TUESDAY. JUNE 2, 1-4 P. M,
Ed 101
Univ 801
Ag 117, 118
-ME 801-812
aC 211 Phys 202
University Books Notables For Summer Session Institute
WSGA Grants Co-eds Extra Hour After Exams
National leaders in the fields of science; business, Journalism, and religion have been booked by the University officials for the Science and Leadership Institute which will be held here June 15 to 26, as part of the annual Summer Session of the University^ The event this year will combine the science and leadership institutes which have become important features of V the Summer Session in past years- From 400 to BbO^botson ate expected to attend the sessions besides the Summer Session students and faculty and
staff.':'/
Pitkin To Talk
ouffitanding speakers as B. Pitkin, widely known and lecturer; Dr. Hoibell
B. Harte, from Hartford, Gonm, Theblbgical Seminary ; Dr. John R.
(Continued on page 4)
The W. S. G. A. Judicial board announced yesterday that during the final examination period the hours from Monday through Thursday wiU be 11 o'clock as usual. Upon completion of her final examinations each girl simU hRvbl? q’clbck prmleges, /
Such; Walter author
Grad To Head Astronomers
GoldsinitliTn Condlicf Gamp
University Students To Aid Asi^istant Dean
14
Succeeding Dr. Clyde Fisher, director of the New York Planetarium, who is now absent in Siberia on an eclipse expedition. Dr. Orestes H. Caldwell, Purdue E. E, '08, editor of Radio Today, will take office Monday as president «f the New York Amateur Astronomers’ Association of the American Museum of Natural History, Ne# York City,
. . Ooginal Member
Dr. Caldwell was one of the ,original members of the Federal Radio Commission, He is vice chairman of the advisory committee of the Hayden Planetarium, and is a trustee of the New York Museum of Science and Industry in Rockefeller Center. He is a past-president of the New York Electrical Society, former chairman of the New York section of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers, and a director of the Institute of Radio Eri^neeirs.
Made Special Studies
During the past four years Dr. Caldwell has made special studies of the effect of astronomical factors on radio reception, particularly the influence of solar disturbances on broadcast distortion, and the shifting of short-wave characteristics with the progress oPthe solar cycle.
Fred I. Goldsmith, assistant dean of men at the University, owner and operator of a boys’ camp, “Shewah megqn”, 30 miles south of Ashland, Wis., mil leave soon after commencement for the summer at the camp, which opens an eight weeks' season June 24, Mr. Goldsmith has had wide experience in handling boys’ touring parties and camps and several years, ago purchased his present camp site of 50 acres which noV is inf the center of a national forest of 900,000 acres. Several Purdue people will assist Mr. Goldsmith in the camps this summer. Prof. Homer J. Allen, of the physi cal education staff, will be in charge of swimming and athletics. Tom Dickinson, Joe Kelly, and Lawrence Hornbefger, Purdue students, have been engaged as camp counselors in addition to these men, Profes sor Lynn Miller, dean 6f men at Jefferson high school, in Lafayette; will handle the nature study and Woodcraft studies in the camp, and Sterling McHwairi, principal of Lincoln school, will serve as camp cook supervisor of the commissarry. He will be assisted by W. S. Giles, freshman pharmacy student here.
Prof. Willoughby Will Tour Europe
Annoiuiceiiients; Three Types Available
Extra graduation announcements of any of the three types are available at Deac’s and Southworth’s or at a desk in the lobby of the Union Building between 8:30 and 5:30 tomorrow and Monday.
Summer ^ession Mixer Arranged Por June 12
Divisions ...AH ..-AH ..-Alt ..-AH; —AH ..-A.C.H: ..JUl ..-.G.H.
S-X
-"AJi’"--AH
Room
A reception mixer, the fiiBt of the suniimer session, will be held June 12 in the Union ballroom. There will be no admission charge; refreshments and entertainment will be furnished. The orchestra for the affair has not yji^beeh announced.
PUBLICATION SCHEDULE
Because of final examinationB phly one more issue of the Exponent will be published. The date of the issue is Tuesday, ''June2. ■
Prof. Marion E, Willoughby of the home economics stuff will sail June 12 on the American Trader for a three months visit in England and France. Prof. Wil ioughby plans to spend much of the time in London as a guest of Prof and Mrs. Richard A. Cordell, and relatives, hut she will also go Paris. Prof. Cordell is on leave of absence from the Purdue English department to write a critical study of the works of Somerset Maugham,
Irop Course .asts 3 Weeks
Applications Still Accepted For Special Forage Study
In addition to the three vreeks’ inteii^w course in sOed^ tesUiig; the Uhiyefsity agrohojhy departineht yili offer a special int^sive three weeks’ course iii forage crops this summer j from June 8 to June 27, it was announced yesterday. Although applications for admittattep to the shed testing course have already fill ed the class, they are still being accepted for the forage crops course. The forage crops course will be conducted on the lecturcj seminar, and laboratory plan, supplemented by frequent field trips. The June 8-27 dates for the course will be ideal for practical work in the subjectmatter to be covered, as a wide variety of illustrative material will be available at that time on the Purdue soils and crops farm as well as other farms for field and laboratory use. ■ ; Legumes The Hew course was planned in view of the fact that the growing interest in soil conservation has created a demand for specific knowledge concerning the grasses, clovers, alfalfas and other legumes. Applications for the- course, that will be limited to the number of students that can he effectively handled, should he made to Dr, G. H. Cutler or Prof. J. H, Lefforge, Purdue Univei?--sity agronomy department, Lafay-
ette, Ind.
Dr. Elliott, C. B. Murphy, ‘^Deac” Reisuer, R.C. Fuller To Speak Memorial Day will be observed at the University this morning with commemorative exeremes in Eliza Fowler Hall at 9:30 o'clock. PTof. Charles B. Murphy, of the department of history, ewnomies and government, will deliver the address at the exercises with a talk. With Democracy”. President E. C. Elliott will preside over the ixxe-
monies.
H. G. “Deac” Reisner, '03 graduate of the University, and R. C, Fuller^ ex-president of the Student Union, wiU speak on the significance of the Memorial Gymnasium and the Memorial Unim, respectively, aitd Dean Fisher will read the necroloc^^ Decorate Plaque Following the series of addresses the bronze plaque beafihg the names Of University men World War will be decorated with an/ appropriate wreffi^ A nkUckM/ salute of 21 guns will be fired by cadet officers and tap^ soiffid^ The assemblage will then adjourn to the site of John Purdue's grave where a short prograffi will be in memory of the founder of Purdue University. I^esident Elliott speak and will place a wroath on the
grave.■^.
I
HomeEcD^iil Writes Book
Aces Will Play For Last Mixer
' “Clothing Selection and Care” is the title of a new hook written by Dean Mary L. Matthews of the home economics departinent. Intend^ for use in senior high school c^ ih clothing, the book is organizeff on the unit basis with suggestions for problems and activities as well ks Survey questions to be studied and carried on by students. Lists of firms from which illuatriitive material can be -obtained have been included as a gmde and hafe^ ence index for teachersitnd students. The pen and ink drawings of historic costumes Were made by Prof, Marion Willoughby, the imme eco-/ nomics staff, and by Mrs. Margaret Heck, formerly an assistant on the same staff.
Ken Ebershoff and his versatile Gold and Black Aces will provide the music to which the couples will glide across the Purdue Uriioh ballroom tonight a/t^the last regular ffiixef of the year. The mixer to he held in the Union during Gala Week next Saturday will he' the only other darice before the summer session reception mixer on June 12.
NYA WORKERS
May checks should be thady , for delivery about June 15th. Iff you do not intend to be in Lafayette at that time/ieiaye a selfaddressed stamped envelope with the cashier. ^ /' : V'.BGDDEN./';'■
College Graduate StciddS Small * Chance For Federal
Plan New Co-eds’ Home For Next Semester
Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant to the dean of women announced yesterday that a rooming house with accommodations for about fiftera women students will be opened on the west side of the campus next year., The plan will be similar to that of «the Residence Hall. Girls desiring this plan ma^f! communicate with Miss Coolidge for further details.
Close Postoffice Tdday
The Lafayette postoffice and all departments except general delivery will be dosed today in observatipn of Memorial Day. Outgoing mail, special delivery letters, and pierish-^ ables will be, cared for as usual, but the general delivery /^dew he open only from 8 tQ t() p.m.
By Arnold Serwer Washington, D. C- — (ACP)—In another month Washington will again be besieged by a good many young college graduates looking for jobs. This column is a sketchy attempt to picture (Bmploymhht possibilities here for those who may be contemplating a berth, temporary or permanent, on the Federal payroll. ■'/ ■ At the present time the employment outlook is not too rosy, but better than it was two months ago. Many of those who were released when the AAA disbanded and other agencies cub their si^ffs, have either foimd other Jobs heip Or have returned home. The NR!A> on its death bed for many moUths; finally completely expired from the standpoint eff Jobs. However, some of the outcast^ found hew places, and some left without dday. Several hundred of these former NRA employeea still remain as eompetitloh for the newcomers seekiDg poffiHhhs, adong with a few additional hundx^ eut off by WP A, who have not yet do^ .ported. Supposedly, the recently ployed aro to he given prefeiraium in
Actually, they won’t stand any bet--ter chahee than newcomers, unless they have particularly good quaffi--ficatiohs and speciaUzed experience' gained-here.' :■'■ Ofcourse, the Social S^uritj^ Board vffiil he the hi|^|*est new/Pe<G eral employer, but all its jobs are under Oril Service. In about three months the Civil Service Comnds^ Slon will hold examination!^ fodt the steffing of ^ Boaaid^ with spedal knowledge or timming in state pension systems for tka aged or in unemployment insurance systems, lawyers familiar with social security legislation, stenog^ raphers, typists, and clerks, aU will be put through the Civil Senrice mill. If a co-ed happens to he a good stenographer or secretary she oughk not to sniff at the work, but should take the exam. This appUes to att Federal Jobs in the new agendeai, Because quite a few college trained secretaries have in the past three ■years,' ' ' sitions, '■■:'/;//';'NeW:']lNaiie^ WPA, mth its new appropriation, probably have a temporary period of expansion to “ [ (Continued on page 4|if
198&-m6 Member Associated Collegiate Press Mcnlwr «( Nkitoattl Cellege Pmm Anadation, BUr Ten dditoritl AMoi^atloii as tseoond cIbbb matter at flie post office. Lafayette. Indiana. Delivered by tpiitO, $8.80 per year; ddivered by Carrier. $2.60 per year; sold by aingfle copy. 2 cents,
Btieitie&s PbOne 8088:
iiA^ offlGBr^is Kftb
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
iiditbr-in'Clhhff
vElp:6Bi^DB:K^^
1 W. T. Hunt - Mana^nsr Editor ^ ^^■■■Mi-n, ■ - -- ..>.H. -Moriffa A^oeSate Editois..;.Jff< A SEwnet^ E. Brock. A. H. Porstei^ K. P. ^nion, C. L. Bold ed Black Editora Geneive Sexaon. S. M. 'Trmtt
%ioriB Editor. Asaodata Bports Sditinnu-^-
BPORlE StAFP
S. B. Griffiths. B. F. Obenchain, D. P. Wilson
Business Local AC
Etanager..
BUSINESS BtAFF
AdvertisinB Manwter_
National Adyedasing Manager.. Circnlation ManaE:er u>.~^..
JL j. ' BMse; JD. G£ MiUer :.L. H. Brow „J.P.; Girard
db't r# n ^ BaltOT. Associate Sditms... Advertising Maxuger.
WOMEN’S 5STAFP;
.jaiden Creech:
„ jeanne Janonsek, •Doris McCartney. Elizabeth Pyke
™...i...........:^iJBetl3r Barii^
Saturday, May 30, 1936. Issue 'Vaiice
-Wholesale Murf With the uncovering of that secret sodet;^ duhbed the “Black Legion” by the newspapers, an organization devised to proni^e i^desale murder was d-iscoveted., To date, however, only^^ey^Smng has been definitely charged against the soeallediegion; but, each day the police are uncovering evidence which points to it as a far-flung ring of criminals. The background of the organization explains much of its aims and methods. Relatively uncultured Whites from the south who came to the Detroit region to work in the great in-
'o the Klan should go the credit, or, rather, the discredit, for the establishment of such a te^ristic group. It is indeed resettable that an organization like the Black Legion should ^ist in a country which loves to think of itself as the most advanced in the world. Truly , we have many things to do before we can really deserve such a name, and the Black Legion and its ilk are no help in the realization of that ambition,
WITH OTHER EDITORS
In Defense Of Grannning
(The Yale News)'
In these busy May days no undergraduate can be impartial in his judgment of the process of cramming. He has either recently managed to get through a difficult examination as the result of the burning of the proverbial oil, or he has come into an examination with sleepless red eyes and whirling brain only to find that those carefully memorized facts slip away into torturing hs^ remembered shadows as fatigue and super-satura-tion take their toll. Yet, in moments more lacking in personal prejudice, most undergraduates are of the opinion that cramming is, or at least Can be, a valuable activity. Most teachers, on the other hand, condemn the process without reservation. ITiey believe that it is worthless and some-
AlphAbct Soap fat Esiibis A is for Anguidh We suffer while cramming.B is for the Brttto who inveoted examining. C is the Cruelty that profs never stop,, D is for Dope, when your quiz is a flop. E is for Excellent, if you’re Phi Beta Kappa. F is for Plunking, if you’re more of a sap-pa. ‘G is for Gosh, as a swear word quite mild. H is for a much better one when you are wild. I is the Ignorance you neyer sus-. pected, j is for Jitters^ wheh; grades are expectedi k is for Killing^ we’d like to B lot, ■ is for Moaning, wh Sliy -/;«f\'wisdom;';:'.v=v'.N is for Nuts to the whole grading system. '■ Q is for Ouch, when you read your .'returhs,^,' . P is for P'ooey, for one never learns. Q is for iQuiz, the main cause of oiir woe.. R is for Ruined, see the line just below. S is for Stmk, if your brain slowly halts, T is for True, the twin sister of False. . U is for Useless, it seems so to ine, V is for Victim, which yoU shall soon be. : W is for Wrecked, after efforts to cram, X isj:he grade if you miss the exam. Y is foir Yahoo, the yell at the finish, Z is for Zero, when the brain matter’s thhmisli. —Swiped. Overheard in the Sweet Shop when Parlon made her sweeping entrance; “What pin is she wearing now?” Beer is like the shining sun It’s proved by every test It always rises in the yeast And sets down in the vest. Famous last lines—I had an “A’^ in the course till I took the final.
“Yes, I cduld write a Ibook about things 1 don’t like about this country,” says G. II. Futoohee, Persian student' registered in Die University, but he qualifies his statement by saying that he could aW write a bouk relating the things he likes very
feels that people in this country regard foreigners as a low class, however, students are more democratic oh the subject than are many others'. The food in America is particularly bad, he thinks, especially the quantities of potatoes and tomatoes. Among the more interesting things we were told that the Persian school system is quite different from ours. There the 6-6 plan of six years of grade school and six years of high school is used; The standards of the work required in high school are much higher and the curriculum includes more maffiontiarics/^ and chemistry. Irt c^der tt* gradiiatei high school students must be able to speak four languagesi The g^d^ systems in iise in schools aiid Colleges is based 6ft 20 as highest, mth 4 or 6 passihgy 3 conditioft an^ absolute failure. High school graduates must have an average of 11, and colie^ graduates 14. : a-
sity that has been polled tOr indi,sexes, ahd here are the results: The men like cu-eds with intelli^ genee, vitality and a sense of humor, and they think mOst Vromen’s hats
are terrible.
The co-eds want ifttelligence and good disposition, don’t care so much about good looks, like well-pressed, conservative clothes. Hannah McEwan, Purdue ’34, director of home service, range home economist, Westinghouse Electric Manufacturing Company, Mansfield, Ohio, was appointed assistant home demonstration agent in Marion county, effective June 1.
istry teacher, a Purdue graduate, created interest in this institution. Mr, Futoohee studied English only three years and knew no slang before coming to this country. In addition to English and Persian he speaks Turkish, Arabic and French.
W. J. Henoch, secretary of the club, is in charge of the arrangements for the party.
BUNDAY, MONDAY. YDEBDAY
Continued quizziftg revealed the fact that the minimum marriageable age for boys is 21 arid for girls, 19. Boys cannot marry uiiless they have sperit two years in military service. Women of Persia are highly educated, iri fact they cannot riiarry unless they are high school graduates. Introductiofts needs riqt be performed by a third person as in America; instead, people naerely introduce; themselves.
Ariother interesting feature Of the interview was the statement that friendship in America is just a word. “Perhaps this may be attributed to the depression,” Mr; Futoohee said, ■but here in America no one trusts anyone else. In Persia eVeryorie is trusted; if you desire to borrow mftriSy, any riiercHarit will glafily Pblige.’^ ■■■:: '
and GENE RAYMOND in “Love on a Bet” LAST TIMES TODAY HARRY CAREY in Last'of the Clmtohs^’' ' tind GAIL PATRICK in . Lone Wolf Retnrns” .■..■"also,";,;-':'-''. SERIAL - POP EYE
Before coming to the U. S., Mr. Eutooh6e attended an American ftiission high school. There a chem-
^LAST .TraES TODAY
I^traed iiajrot-fashion will be forgotten an hour after the examination is finished. Though there is obviously much to be said for this point of view, we disrespectfully submit that it is not, in fact completely true. We submit further that many teachers do not themselves really believe that it is true. If they did, they would not set examinations on factual knowledge of mere trivialities or “identifications”, which few undergraduates could hope to pass without very intensive and very recent review. But aside from its immediate utility in examinations, “crammin^’ is not a completely worthless education process. If conduc^ inteffigently, it gives, perhaps for the first time in th<Es course, a perspective of what the course is all about. Desultory review cannot do that so, effectively. More important, it offers training in hard work under conditions of stress—training which is almost certain to prove valuable in later years. Little “Red’’ Rider. (The Syracuse Daily Orange) A “rider”, was inserted in an appropriations bill last year when few congressmen were aware of its presence. The vote
- Hoosier Group Visits Soil Erosion Project
A. T. Wianco, chief of the University department of agronomy, headed a group of agriculturists from Indiana in a three day stay at the experimental farnis of the Salt Creek project of the Soil Conservation Service in Ohio during the past week. A study of the methods by which erosion control practices are carried from the experiftaental station near Zanesville to farms of
southeastern Ohio was riiade.
Others from Indiana who made the inspection were W. L. Baynes, acting state coordinator, and Oscar E. Ackerson, project manager, both of the Soil Conservation Service from Bedford; R. O. Cole, extension specialist in soil conservation, F. V. Smith, farm management; I. D. Mayer, head of extension work in agricultural engineering; Claude Harper, animal husbandry specialist, M. O. Pence, agronomist, and T.
M. Bunshell, soil surveys.
SCnooiS l.m ineuisincx 01 CiOiumuia; Biiaii uc avaxiauie xur wie payment of the salary of any person teacMng or advocating communism.” After a great deal of agitation -when the real nature of the act was discovered, congress is being asked to repeal the act before adjourning. Developing from a mere gesture of Americanism, the “unknown law” has become a point of contention
Both houses acceptea the provision wiin unconcern cnaracteristic in District of Columbia affairs. Until the fall school semester opened, Washington citizens didn’t realize that its author intended to enforce it rigidly. v Besides holding the school officials to a strict and literal interpretation of the act, all employes haye been required to swear that they had not “taught or advocated communism” before collecting their salaries. Even janitors and charwomen are included in the ruling.
with Soviet Me. According to Frank W. Ballou, superintendent of Washihgr ton schools.
AH Seats. Reserved-Shofr Twice DSiiy 2:15 and 8:15--Seats Now on Sale Mat. 60c -75c Eves. 60c - 75c - $l>iO Taz: InrtndSd Plenty of Seats at 50c
SUNDAY . -r MONDAY ;.
Ontario Ag Minister Visits Universify J. B. Fairbairri, Toronto, deputy minister of agriculture in Ontario, visited the University yesterday enroute home froni Kentucky, Where he had been spending several days Mr, Fairbaim spent the day conferring with Dean J. H, Skinner on various lines of agricultural work at Purdue and took time out to view Purdue herds and flocks. An Ontario agriculturist, ,G. Rhunke, has been here for several weeks studying mpid soil tests and the entire project was gone oyer carefully by Mr. Fairbaim, who said it would speed up the testing of Ontario soils in a way undreamed of a few years ago.
Capt. L. I. A,retz, of the University airport, and Capt. Maxwell Carpenter, of the 113th Observation squadron, Indianapolis,' flew to Greencastle to inspect the field in that city yesterday. They njade the triy in a Douglass O-SS-E ship.
I
•K
... Gloriously Produced... with the Brilliant Stars of “Naughty Marietta” .niORillY . ROSE MARIE Jam®» STEWART ^eginal^^ OWEN-
A N M-O-M PICTURE
Lest Times Today DOUBLE FEATURE 'KEN MAYNARD “HEROES OF the RANGE”
and:
.“BOAMH^^DY” .■
BSBSSSSS98.'
■ Extra —
MMtflil:;:
INA RAY HUTTON : AND HER MELODEABS ■’ In “Accent on Girls” Starts TOMORROW
■ LAST TIMES TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE . Gang” ■ 'and ,, “Too Many- Barents”:
SM@W m
SUPiEMl
' WITH^:
QtiEiNIE SMITH SAMMY WHITE
Starts
0^
miH
Teune$$ee Students, ^ VensRaheFundtoAid injured Gridiron Star
yi^’T \i'r‘ '
, , . Squad Completes
I ’ ill
, ^ aJso the R. 0. T. C. pistol championship, the latter for the second year in succession, it was learned, yesterday,
' Considerable credit for the remarkable achievements of
I ■ the squad is deserved by their ' coach, Captain W. L. Kay of
tile University's, Military department, who has been coaching the team for the last two years. The team, generally conceded to be not only collegiate champions but also the outstanding group of marksmen in the nation includes the folloTudHig meni J. M. Baker, E. J. Baumbach, R. P, Cissell, E. N. Cox, F. S. Engleking, P. B. Ewing, F. E. Gaiser, C. O. Grannis, J. W. Greiner, D. T. Meredith, J. N. Newhall, E. W. Little, R. A. Segebarth, L. K. Schoon, H. C. Scott and W. B. Wol-
verton.
U* S. Athletes Prepared For I
Indiana Payrolls, Employment Show Increase According to a report issued by the Indiana state employment sery ire, ih cooperation yHth the bufeah labor Statistics, Washington^ i). G.y: Indiana: employment incrresed in total 1.8 per cent from March to Apirih^ Payrolls increased 2,6 per cent, and man hours worked adyanred 3,0 per cent during the same period* This makes the third conseCUtiye: month that employment, payrolls, and man hOttrs worked in Indanahaye increased.
WTRIILUD SELF SERVICE GUTS FRATERNITY COSTS
ror the past' 5 3mars the Ifyine Seryice Bureau has giyen a service to frate^hities and sororities which, has the foilo^ng features:' V ACGOUNI^NG: • A Monthly audit of the books. I ; • Budget plani of pperatiohi ' • financial plans. M^agement: ^ e, Maint^ance of operation on a cash basis. ^ Max i mum quality, minimum Brice. _ • Coordination of purchases with plan for operation to eliminate waste. ^ # l*ck of efficiency due to the: annual change of the officers of the fraternity oyereome.
• Wie above eervice bae the commendattion, of college deans and fraternity ek(eehtiyes who know of its accomplishiffients,., . ■ ;„l'J^yiewe on fraternity problems oorIdiaUy given.
irdiNi Senriee EiiiffiMi ■ .,FREbvP,,HtVINfi-^:.,, - ^ MairiBBum Srirvico. Minimum CiiM Rfflojr dess Riier srso '/Sre CircIo .Tower ' Indiana
33 Drivers Will Begin AndualRaceAtlndian.
aipolis Speedway
At 10 o’clock this morning a bomb will he fired at Speedway City, just outside of Indianapolis, Indiana, and 33 roaring gas eaters will start bn a grind of 600 miles around the famous two and oUe-half mile oval for honors in the annual Memiorial Day gas-
derby.
Mays At Pole Position Rex Mays will start at the pole position for the grind and he will be flanked by Babe Stapp and Chet Miller. Besides these names that are familiar to race fans, others in the lineup are: Cliff Bergere, Wilbur Shaw, “Wild Bill” Cummings, Frank Brisko, George Barringer, Jimmy Snyder, Al Miller, Doc Williams, Deacon Litz, Louis Meyer, Lou Moore, Mauri Rose, and Fred Frame plus many newcomers to the brick
oyal.
■■;:;v-,"^SiArtingpr^ '-.V A Drivers in^thepfdermbb they will lineup for the start of the annual 6o6mtile automobile face today, with their qualifying times, follow; > Dfiyers
fans,af both States push a drive to establish a ftmd for his care. “
ses, and if in the judgment of the New York specialist Tade’s case is hopeless, additional money will be sought with a view toward establishing a permanent trust fund for the injured gridiron hero. Injured Tade was hurt in the closing minutes of the Kentucky-Tennessee game last fall. Throughout the last half, with Tennessee far behind, he had been the main pillar of defense and one of the explanations of his almost fatal injury is believed to lie in thS fact he had so completely played himSelf out. He was carried from the field, and although his hurt was immediately recognized as serious, it wa^.for a loftg time believed that he wojuld recover. He never regained complete possession of his faculties, however, and successive operations did not improve his condition. Suffering from amnesia and lack of muscular and nervous coordination, he is today nearly helpless.
FirstRow;';
Rex Mays
;..119.644
*Babe: Stapp
;i::ll8;946
*Ctiet Miller
....117.676
Stomd Rpw ;
Dac MacKenzie
...116.961
George Conner
.::;116.269
Herb Ardihger ...;...;.........l..
...116.082
.Third Row:
Cliff Bergere
.;..113.377
Louis Tomei
...ili.078
Wilbur Shaw ......;;........l.....
..-117.603
Fourth Row :
Shorty Cantlon
....116.912
*TedHpra............................
....116.664
Fred Winnai
...116.221
Fifth Row •
*Bill Cummings
....116.939
George Barringer
...112.700
Fioyd Itoberts
...112.403
Sixth Row
Jimmy Snyder ....................
...111.291
AJ MHler
...116.183
Chet Gardner......................
...116.000
Seventh Row
Billy Winn
....114.648
Frank Brisko
...114.218
Johnny Seymour ...... .....
...118.169
Eighth Row
Frank McGurk
...113102
Doc Williams
..112.887
Ralph Hepbhrn
. .112.201
Ninth Row:
Ray Pixley ../..i:....;......,,....;.
..;.116.703
Badger Teams Battle Today Squad Divided Into Two Teams, “Army”
And “Navy”
;^disbh^ Wisi, May 29.—-Wiscpn-. sin rival fpotball t;eams^he: Ar^ pnd; Hie Navy, vdiich are tc d^ hatpe against each ptjier in the annual spring game at Camp. Randall, this afterhpen went to fijaal hard wefkeut Tlmrsda^ and to rival cpachcs,:ESrsmk Jordan, of Ifayy and Fred Tvronae;^; of to Army, gave; their sqUads ohly a;Iight drill yesterday, in which plays :were reviewed, and details like protection of the punter, kick-off formations and defensive assignments checked over, : ' , Minor casualties will deprive both coaches of some players upon whom they have been depending but the losses appear about equally divided,. Both Jordan and Twomey; smrimmaged toir tbanis Thutsdaj^: but limited the rough work to abotit ten miriUto offensive practice and ten
mihutes; on defense.
Becaure of the enormous amount of work involved in teaching the Badgers the fundamentals of the Stuhldreher attack, it has been impossible to devote much fense, Per this reason, neither team will be g^ven ariy special team defense fbftoday’s gamp, Th^ will simply be sent in vdtii gemM^ de* fehsiye instructions and with to respective captains, Golemgeske oif to Army and Jankowski of to Navy, authorized to arrange toir defensive forces as toy deem best, according to the situations which develop as the game processes.
Bxpeet Hurdlers To Help Uphold Record lo Summer Contests (Prom the Daily Tar Heel) Uncle Sam’s hoys are well prepared to win to laurels in the two hurdle races to be run at the Olympics this summer. The races are the 110 meter high hurdles (3 ft. 6 in.) and the 400 meter hurdles (3 fti). The 200 meter low hurdles (2 ft. 6 in.), so widely run in all American meets, are not on the Olympic program. In to past the American athletes have been victorious in both races in all but two Olympics. In the 1932 games held at Los Angeles, George Saling of Iowa set the present Olympic record of 14,4 seconds with his teammate, Pefcy Beard, second. Jack Keller of Ohio State came in a close fourth. Many Hurdlers Forest (Spec) Towns, the Georgia lad who ran in the Tin Can this -winter, to take to non-conference hurdles by 10 yards, is the favorite to lead the hurdlers to the tape. In the recent Southeastern conference track meet held at Birmingham he ran to distance in 14.1 to shatter Percy Beard’s world record by one tenth of a second. Other contestants who are making strong bids for "berths are A1 Moreau of L. S. U., Roy Kirkpatrick, the,' SactainentP: ^y> Tbto Mqore of California, arid bbth Stam ley and Cope of Southern California who have all run the distance in 14.2 seconds for the 120 yard (equivalent to llb::metosi tugh^^ to add to this iBeard; toy retu^^ Olymiiic competitiphi : : ' Glenn Hardin of Louisiana State holds the present Olympic mark of 52 seconds fiat for the 400 meter hurdles which he set at Los Angeles in 1932. Although he finished second to Tisdall of Ireland he was awarded tire repordbectose TisdailkUocked; byer a hurdle. Jn this race the GprrtestahtS haye ; to clear teii hurdles. ■, . Wmld Mark-; \ While touring Europe two sum. mers ago Jiardih ■ set the present worldmark <ff 50i6\seconds for this event. Hardih has been having trouble yrtth Jiis legs, but if he should recover be will be the odds bir fayprite to wm^ this event for the U. S, A* Hardin is an excellent quar-ter-toler tod toy also be used in :tiie 400 meter run.; : ^ : ' Tbm Mbofe Califbtom* '^b has eitotobd tbo liO meto high hurdle rebPrd, is too a tto hPtchbr oh; tos Ibnjto^ Beetham, Ohio State’s great half* miler, toy also take a brack at the iphger tordl^ Btoltoft has tiiA necessary stamina, and ptoul*^ he develop his hurdling techhique hb tould^ to^^ to. quaito tolb'htodler. ;
AMERICAN LEAGUE
yjWifPric .......—u *(m Boatnn. j® m ' '.SlP ;Cl^wi^d 11
' IS *
,-12 S» .m
80 .281;
■f -f -f V 4*' -f 4* YESrERnArs RESUlrTS NATIONAL LEAGUE Philadelphia, 10; Brooklyn, 2. : New Vorfa, 15; Boston, 0. Chicago, 8; Cineinnati, 1. '■ St,' Louis, 9; Pittsbuigh, 7. AMERICAN LEAGUE Detroit, 4; Chicago, 8. (Only game schedul^)
Gertrude Adams, Ihirdue ’24, haS beeh appointed as hPme <lempnstratipn agent in Beiitbh coto^* Miss Adams has been yPcatiohal home economics teabtor at Hagerstown.
HouBAeuBsi'AiaHMes
NATIGNAL LEAGUE
BrookiyiL.
W.
.«» .614
New . ai win, says Hr. Aaron Bakst, og Cell - ^ tottbia tboittoBily, na taaUeie Wtert:
la aSahromrsysfettL
stakes, poker, ■ bens game.
444444 + 4444 TODAY’S GAMES 44444444444 NATIONAL LEAGUE „ (AU Games Double-Headers) i iNeiw York at Brooklyu.' Philadelphia .at Boston. 5 Pittsburgli at GMeaga. Cincinnati at St. Louis. AMB3BICAN LEAGUE (All Games. Double-Headers) ■ .v.WashiU^n ;lifew.'rybrk:^ :; B^riyh' at Philadelphia; ■ ' i St, Louis at Detroit. Chicaj^ at Clervelaud. HiuiteT College Sororities Charge ^5-Cent Rushing Fee New York—(AGP)—^AH students at Hunter College wishing -to join sororities will have to pay 2S cents for the privilege of being rushed, under a new policy of the PanHellenic Association. The Association will receive to money and distribute it to the sororities to help tom defray expenses of trying to entice their choices into the fold.
Dr. Bakst has just completed n ’ i ll
* 's I
'fecrtime':'; Li poker the chance of getting a Straight flush is one in 62,000; four of a kind, one in 4,000; a full house, one in 600; three of a kind, etne in 60, and two pairs, one in 20. In bridge the cnances cff getting 13 of a suit is one in 153^0,000,000. In dire a player has four toances out of 18 to win the first throw. As to horse racing, “I have not been able to fathom this game,” said Dr. Bakst. Who has. Doctor, who has ? insects Preserved By Vse Of Embalming Fluid Madison, Wis.—(ACP)—A method very similar to that used by imdertakers in embalming human bodies is being used for the preservation of insects by Thomas L. Carpenter, entomology student at the University of Wisconsin here. Carpenter’s method consists- of first dehydrating the insects in a solution of alcohol and then suspending them in an impregnating solution. While the insects are in the nitrocellulose impregnating solution, toy are placed m a beU jar and the air is slowly withdrawn, forming a partial vacuum. The reduction of pressure forces the solution into the body of the insect, where it is allowed to solidify.
fifi
f 'l;
I I
I
I
1
luraduation GiftN fiwm Hays Jewelry Co. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE We haye a nice selection to tooose from priced as high to Ytobto 3toton buy a nice gift for as low as ::one;iaeiIar.:.:;
j' ' PlMHie 4ie^4
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of. nutxitiye elements that your body needs. Ridi In minerals , and rich in food Value, it’s body-building and en^gy building.
182 Vine St. W. Lafayette
C41 ' Maia St.' Lafayette
OUR light sumriier clothes
sent to the ... We launder or dry clean them m they stiotild be done anci you will be pleased wife ti3em when
Phon!e3085—7278 For Good Woiff and Prompt Service
Deacon Litz Harry MacQuinn Tenth Row Louis Meyer Lou Moore **Mauri Rose Eleventh Row Fred Frame *Zeke Meyer Emil Andres *—Front wheel drive; **—Four wheel drive. Alternate Starters Al Putnam (first)................. Henry Banks (second).......'..
116.907 114.118 114.171 113.996 113.890 112.877 111.476 111.466
110.486 110,277
Southworth’s Gantner Wikies
PUstburgh Speech Mead Ref uses RedppqintiHent Pittiburgh (AGP)i—Charging “irrational and . irresponsible atohor4%,” Dr. Wynand M. Parrish, for twelve years head of to dto of -public speaking at to University of Pittsburgh, anhoitoto^ weto he had refused re-appointoent; . Dismissal of Richard Murphy, coach of the debating team, despite the fact his work was satisfactory, Was given as the reason for Dr. Parrish’s action.
"Student Americaneers" at Ohio State have attacked the university as “communistic”.
Smartest new weaves found only in Gantner WMIES! At better dealers everywhere. (As featured in Esquike!) • Military WIKIES 3.95 • Pencil Welt WIKIES 3.95 •D« Luxe WiKI5$ 5.00/ GANTNER E MATTERN CO.,^San Francisco or 1410 Broodway, Kaw York In Lafayette the Gantner Wikies are handled by Dewenter’s, 416 MainPLUMING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-WerkhofE Phone 3882
. tnw «IiIbMbs . A YELLOW . . . V-8 FORD TAXI CAB. Blade Ckiss S^edal OeeadMM 25c per passenirer amp pwi »f ^ cMr 6023 PBONI^ son YELLOW CAB CO.
Fire Bassards Came State investigations Kttflburgh, Pa. (AGP)—Pennsylvania State College and state 'liTeachexs’ colleges ate included in a list oif 54 state institutions now under investigation by State Police fol lowing ^ disclosure of conditions branded by Gov. George H. Earle as showing “fire hazards of the worst sort” and “barbaric disciplinary methods.” The institutions affected are divided as follows: Twenty-eight penal; correctional and other institutions, including hospitals, under the WeU^rd Depari^^ edu^ipnal instiut^ons;:;f(mi* hos;^^ sanitorittnas, two institutions directed by the Military, Affairs Committee and the State Police and two pa trol buildings/ ^ It is indicated that a special session of the legislature, expected to be called to deal with relief ma,tters* also Will be as^ed to consider any recommendations that may result from this investigation.
Satisfy both your ftppetit® and pocketbopk at the MITZI SANDWICH SHOP 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
BEAC ■ HAS EYERYTHING COLLEGE: EDUCATION ' H. G. EEISMEE
Risk Dental Clinic
PAUJ. A. HUSK
KOBEKT e. BISK , , : HABOU? BISK
LOCTEB A. JBIS
405 Sdialti Bldg. Phi Comer 4«ii . iuid Main
•m
Clemson Student Earns Way As ^^Radio Broker*^ Mauldin, S. C. (ACP)- Gordon Rogers,; probably the only radio program broker in the United States, is paying’ his college expenses with the proceeds from a good idea. Rogers, a junior in electrical engineering at Clemson College, began the business five years ago when he repaired a low powered battery set for home use, made it into one for alternating current and then ran a wire to a neighbor’s loud-speaker. That worked well^ and in a month Rogers.had seven customers. Now he has 600, some of them twenty-four miles a-way, and they all pay him 26 cents a month. In the beginning, Rogers used junked iron wire strung on fence posts, with bottles for insulators, to carry the programs to his customers, but now his unique system is strung •with copper wire and regula' tion ins'ulators.
Patronize Exponent, Advertisers
Wanted—-Passengers to New York State or Massachusetts leaving June 4 or 6. McEachrbn,M096. Wanted--Good second hand canoe for reasonable price. Call 5881.
NOTIGES N* MtlfM
A. S. M. E. IMteaibefs—-Get snaKazines, membership car^, and piiu in Fiof. .liudy’s
office. Keys are not available.
—SHIELDS.
RegnstraUon Woilc^—Students who wish to work for the registrar, during the September registration should make, application at the registrar’s oifice. -STOKE,
. Scabbard and Blade—^Following men re-, port to Eliza Fowler Hall at 9 a, m. today in informal uniform: Fenoglio, Hooper, Wray. Bublitz, Robbins, Chancellor, Schwalm, Allison, Firioke, Snyder. Do not wear white shirts. ; , —GLENNY. Civil Ei^ineering Camp—^All students that are planning to attend camp and who have not received'copies of camp bulletin and information sheets, get them in room 102 of the Civil Engineering Building. —TODD.
P. E. W.—All property not removed from lockers today -will be confiscated. This, is the last day you will receive refunds for your combination locks. —HAZELTON.
brite the profa letter firbm hiin to a friend of his in the Brain Trust is a great help. SpecidHzed training in law, ecohomics^ engineering, or the social sciences is quite pecessary. English majo^ anA Romance languages specialists aPe licked before they, start, for Washington. : All in all, the more I^nk of it, the morp I Wfent^^uggest exhausting all local4[^uls before «)niing to W^hingtoh. If you come, bring sufficient wherewithal for a month or., more, and a good stock of perserVerance and patience. A horseshoe or the left hind, foot of a rabbit wouldn't hurt either.
Scientists, Leaders Will Speak Here “ (Continued from page 1)
Tau Beta Pi—Get paper weights at 116 East Oak Street. —BURNHAM.
As the 1936 term is closing June 3rd triple XIX wishes to thank ead& and all for their patronage. Farewell and lots of luck. Seniors. BEET
Sells Shares Of Himself To Finance Trip Abroad Madison, Wis.-^(ACP)—The sell yourself sys%m, brought to its peak by Max Baer when he sold some 200 per cent of himself to various man agers under the belief that “per cents were like pieces of pie”, has been successfully used by Rudolph Jegart, University of Wisconsin football player and sculptor, to finance a trip abroad. Having sold all the shares avail able, Jegart left for Prance last week. Investors in the one-man corporation may look forward to dividends of oil paintings, water colors, or sketches on his return.
Scabbard and Blade:—All members init>a1> ed last fall call for shingles at Pi Kappa Phi house. —GLENNY,
Retiring Fraternity Presidents—See that assessments for fraternity booklets and fire assessments are tfirhed in to Stock at Phi Kappa house before June 15. « —KETTLE.
Helea Winslow, a successful vocational home economics teacher of Metamora, 111., has been appointed home agent of Knox county. Her appointment is to become effective on June 1.
Doriier*s Flower Shop Quality Flowers 'Main at 7th Phone 6959
Action
An
Advertisement in the
■^1
Exponent
7' ' ■ ' ' DR. A. M. lEION Dentist Eron Flats . State and Mifin Phone 4965
■LYLE E. FIBBER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block $22 Ferry St. Opposite New Post Office
SENIORSI: W« make applieati<>n pictane f«r fI.SI per dozen. Bpednl price on lota oS flSty or anoro. Rembrandt Studio
1«6 Vine St.
W. LsfoyoMe
AFTER THE SHOW stop.in for a barbecue or bowl of diilL Manhattan Sandwich Shop .510 Main St.
SUBSCRIBE FOB T'HB BZPONBNT
POMM—^All those who volunteered or wish to participate in salute this morning report to Armory in uniform at 8:85. V —MILLER
Grad Stands Small Chance For Federal Jobs (Continued from page i)
projects, but by the fall it may hai^ feven fewer employees than at pres ent. The new setup taking the place of AAA is re-hiring the furloughed A-AA employees first. The National Labor Relations Board, ■with its activities tied up by some 62 suits against ijt in the courts, is not like-^ ly to do much employing this summer, if any. But probably there is always an outside chance with the NLRB if you happen to be a really ^mairt young law graduate, not in relation to the 52 suits but for the agency’s routine work.
Periodic Jobs
The Railway Retirement Board has openings periodically. The Coal Commission doesn’t appear to be taking anyone on. The PWA, Ickes has told the newspapers, will be reduced 26 per cent if it doesn’t get any part of the new relief appropriation. The Resettlement Administration’s huge Washington force means a small number of jobs from time to time, as people leave or are released for one reason or another. But the RA has been raising its employment standards lately, giving examinations for many of its openings, that are comparable to Civil
Ser^ce exams.
In another month, with the passage of new legislation, the picture may brighten considerably. If the Bankhead plan for making the southern tenant fariner an independent farmer becomes law, new jobs will have to be created to handle the huge task of sharecrop-
per rehabili^tion.
Political influence still makes* jobs here for those who have enough of it, and it takes a lot right now. H you were a particularly bright young student in one of the social sciences now being applied through some new agency here, and: a fav-.
Oliver from Johns; Hopkins University in Baltimore; ^ev. Ralph Marshall Davis, pastor of the Chuyeh of the Covenant at Erie, Pa.; Wiiliam B. Stout, president of the Stout Motor Corporation at Detroit; President Edward C. Elliott, of the University; David E. Ross, Lafayette business man and manufacturer and president of the board of trustees of Purdue have been booked for important places on the program. In addition to these men, numer ous other speakers of state or national reputation will be here for group discussion talks. These will include Dr. M, A, Dawber, a Methodist leader from Philadelphia; Dr, Thurman B. Rice, of the Indiana University Medical school at Indian-
apoliS| M. K^Derrick; educariohal director o^^he Indiana Farm Bureau; Lillie D. Scott, Hendrickp^^county, director of sociai and ^e^eatipnal work for the Indiana ^Farm Bureau; Frank Watson, director of the Purdue Housing Research project; Dr. E. H, Shideier^ state director of rehabilitation, Dr. Miorris Triler, Chicago, and others including a number from the Purdue
staff. , ' ■
■ " , .'Subjects . ■ Such subjects as “The Ordinary Difficulties of Everyday People”, talk by Dr. Oliver; “The Pounda?^ tions of Statesmanship”, by Pitkin; “Leading the Leaders”f -by Dr, Elliott; “Living,” by Mr. Ross; “The Mavazle House,” by Mr^ Stout; “Housing Problems”, by Mr. Waj:son; “Personality and the Family,” by Dr. Hart; “The Preacher Lpoks at Birth Control,” by Dr* Dalyis; “Cures for Social Conflict,” and many others will be discussed during the two weeks’ period. Dr. Rice will discuss community ^-health problems and work. The entire program will be directed toward the application of
hatural and social sciences to hiujriah relationships. ' A ,
Old Cadets Haze ‘‘Rats” At“Yellow-BrickPrisoii” (Continued from page 1) became iMl-Hedged “old epdetia*^/ The make-sheet came bat and many of us Ifound that we would be next year’s corporals and sergeantsfDuring that nekt year we had the pleasant duty of breaking in the new
brop of “rabbits”.
Those of us who Were first classnien ran thp j^afie and lived like kings. We we^ about to graduate and bestow ourselves upon various colleges. We had quite forgotten the harried life of the^ lowly “rabbit”; and then one Sunday mornfag I marched my troop oyer to chapel, seated myself, and picked up a hynm-book; bn the flyleaf I Saw the fellowing: ^ i “Out oh the wind-swept desert, Under the clear blue sky, • They built a yellow-brick priswi . And called it N. JM. M. I.”
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor , 507 Main St.
Ill A m
The Eleven Essential Minerals, in Youth 'Bread and What They Do Calcium-___.Tones up sagging muscles and builds teeth PhosphorouB-Builds shin cells Iron ........Gives the skin a youthful bloom Sulphur-, Meautifies the skin and hair Magnesium--,Clear* the complexion Copper- -Muilds rich '•blood Sodium Neutralises stomach .acids Iodine--- Regulates u- i- • thyroid glands Chlorine--^—Cleam^ body . . cells Potassium Builds muscles ■ *. —-4ones eyes Manganese—JKeeps nerves normal
. We are exdosive Bakws of Youth Bread. Gr a V e s’ Quality
“I Want the Kind Advertised in
99
To the students of Purdue, the Exponent has become a guide to buyiug. They have found that products advertised ip the Exponent are reliable . . . that they give more for their money. This preference makes the Exponent D&g medium through which to present your merchandise.