This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning Of, By, and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
SATURDAY Janttory 1938 Lafayette/ Indiana VOL. 49 No. 85
r
i
t,
k
ioilcrniakers Enter Big Ten Race
Undefeated Net Squad Meets Chicago Tonight
Tomorrow Deadline For Musical Show Staff Petitions Tomorrow noon is the deadline for all petitions for managerial and directorial staff positions for the all-University musical projduction which will be presented by six campus groups in March. •' Playshop, the Student Union, PIA, the Student Senate, the two PanHellenic Councils, and campus musical organizations have banded together to presepj^ a super-colossal production which will give students a chance to take part in a major production. The selection of students to fill the various positions will be made from the group of eds and co-eds who have filed their petitions by noon tomorrow. According to an announcement last night by Tom Sheets, Student Union president, 14 petitions have been filed to date by eds and co-eds for the staff positions. Wood, Kiiiilit to Speak Monday Dr. F. B. Knight, director of education and applied psychology, will share honors with Professor K. D. Wood, professor ^of aeronautical engineering, as principal speakers at the meeting of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education, to be held in the Electrical Engineering Building Monday at 7:30 p. m. Dr. Knight, a graduate of Boston University in 1913, also holds degrees from Harvard and Columbia Universities, and is a member of Phi Beta Kappa, Sigma Xi, Phi Delta Kappa, and Beta Theta Pi. Professor Wood, a graduate of Cornell, served as consulting engineer for the Consolidated Aircraft Corporation before coming to Purdue. ' He is author of numerous books and technical articles, and is a member of Sigma Xi, Phi Kappa Phi, Phi Delta Kappa, and SAE fraternities. Emrick Returns to Band After Illness For the first time since his recent illness during the Christmas vacation, Professor P. S. “Spots” Emrick was with the Purdue Symphonic Band again last night. Although he seems to have regained most of his old-time vigor, he permitted Lt. C. A. Reichelderfer, the band’s assistant conductor, to carry on with the baton as he has done during Prof. Emrick’s^absence. With two concerts looming up in the next week—one of them for Indiana Home Economics Association and, another for the dedication of the new Fieldhouse, the band is polishing several numbers including Haydn’s “Military Symphony,” Mozart’s “Magic Plute,”^ Rossini’s “William Tell Overture” and several marches such as Sousa’s “Stars and Stripes Forever,” for these occas-
ions.
Coming Week Brings Features of Annual Agricultural Conference to Campus
Dinner to Highlight Foresters' Program Climaxing the Forestry and Wildlife Conservation program of the Agricultural Conference, the fifth annual Forestry and Conservation dinner will be held Tuesday at 6 p. m. in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. E. W. Tinker, the principal speaker of the evening, will present a speech on “Selling a Forestry Program to the Farmer.” Tinker, now assistant forester in the U. S. Forest Service, was formerly regional forester in the Central States. William Collins, Indiana conservationist, will serve as toasbnaster. Representatives of the Indiana IDtepartment of Conservation, including H. A. Woods, slate forester, and officials of the Division of Fish and Game, will be present. C. R. Gutermuth and Henry Cottingham will present a review of the accomplishments and latest developments in this division. '' Tickets may be obtained from members of the Forestry Club and Xi Sigma Pi, forestry honorary. The banquet is open to anyone interested and the tickets are one dollar per
couple.
Brad Reynolds Presents Tonight's Mixer Music “Whispering Rhythms” in “a new world of music” will be brought to the Union ballroom tonight by Brad Reynolds arid his orchestra for the regular dollar mixer. Reynolds stars Gay Storme as his vocalist and will feature several special arrangements with singing and dancing specialties. Hours for dancing are from 9 to 12, as usual. Musk Students In Union Tomorrow Seven artist students of the Jordan Conservatory of Music at Indianapolis will present the 4 o’clock vesper hour Sunday afternoon in the ballroom of the Purdue Memorial
Union.
One of the features of the program will be the playing of the “Blue Danube” on two pianos by Dorothy Munger and Tommy Wright, students of Mr. Harold Triggs, artist-teacher at i^he Jordan Conservatory and the Curtis Institute of Music at Philadelphia. Advanced students of Glenn Friernioor, head of the voice department, will present solo and quartet numbers. The quartet is composed of Elizabeth Madison, soprano and Cecelia Klein, contralto; Harry Winebrenner, tenor; and Paul H. Krauss, bass. Mr. Friermoor will be at the piano. Seventh member of the students is the cellist Robert Grant, artist student of Paul Gruppe, first chair man of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra.
Home Economics Meeting Set For Thursday, Jan. 13 Indiana Home Economics Association, which has a membership of 14,000, will hold its annual meeting Thursday, January 13, in connection with the annual Purdue Agricultural Conference which will be in progress January 10-14. The business session will take place in the morning in the Memorial Gymnasium. During the luncheon hour a program of violin music will be presented in the Union Building ballroom. In the afternoon again in the Gymnasium, the Purdue Symphonic Band directed by Professor P. S. Emrick will present a short concert. Also on the program are a sing by three county choruses, a tea to be served by past presidents of the as-
sociation.
Noon Is Deadline For Class Seats At First Games Noon today is the deadline for handing in student tickets in order to take advantage of preferential seating by classes for the basketball game with Wisconsin on next Saturday and with Northwestern the following Monday. Tickets should be exchanged for reserved seats at the student ticket office in the lobby of the Fieldhouse. Only 2600 books have been turned in for tickets to date. Students who turn in tickets for all games at one time will receive a better selection of reserved seat tickets. Following the seating arrangements at football games, seniors Avill receive the best selection of seats, juniors nekt, etc. All students will be seated in bleachers on the main floor of the Fieldhouse and the general public will be seated in the balcony. Donors to the Fieldhouse have been especially invited to dedicatory program preceding the Wisconsin game, and will receive bleacher seats along with the student body. For all other games, the bleachers will be re^rved for students and faculty members. Present seating arrangements will permit 8,400 people to View basketball games in the Fieldhouse. Cary Vaughan Enrolls tn IJNC Drama Course According to bulletins received, Miss Cary Vaughan, 1937 ^aduate, has enrolled in the University of North Carolina for graduate work toward a master’s degree in dramatic art. She is a member df Theta Alpha Pi national dramatic honorary, and Kappa Kappa Gamma social sorority. Miss Vaughan was a leading player in the Playshop theatricals during her undergraduate years, and played as a guest artist the feminine lead in the Playshop’s first play of the season, “Hell Bent Fer
Heaven.”
Head Man
“Piggy” Lambert, basketball coach, will guide his undefeated, high scoring basketeers against two Big Ten rivals this week-end.
Eds and Co-eds Enjoy' Recreation Progi^am Co-eds and eds enjoyed a gay evening of games and fun at the mixed recreational program held last night from 7:3Cr to 9 p. m. in the Women’s Gymnasium. Volleyball, badminton, ping pong, shuffleboard, and deck tennis were played with much enthusiasm by the group attending. A new game, kick-et, was introduced by Miss Veronica Brady who was in charge of the mixer.
(Take advantage of Exponent service and dial 5037 tonight for results of the Purdue-Chicago game).
PURDUE
Sines Young Anderson Dickinson Malaska
Exam Sheets Are Headache To Scheduler Too, Poor-man
By H. I. Stanbhck Coming events, according to the ancient adage, cast their shadows before—^but rarely does any event cast such numbers of pink and white “shadows” as may be seen biennially on Purdue’s campus. For with only nine class days left in the semester, eds and co-eds face about 25,000 exam books at those exquisitely torturous three-hour mental ordeals known as finals. Benevolent University officials naturally couldn’t allow students to proceed blithely on their wide and crooked paths without at least warning them of trouble ahead—pink danger signals in the form of exam schedules are the result. Of course as the time draws closer the pink fades to white. Then the stpdents jknow that th^yj like the snowy sheets are “all washqd up.” These well-printed omens which foretell weeks of hard labor ahead, are themselves the result of many days’ hard work. Arranging the schedule of those countless exams
PROBABLE LINEUP
Position CHICAGO
F MuUins F Lounsbury C Meyer G Petersen
G Eggemeyer
OFFICIALS—^Referee, Kearns, DePaul; Umpire, Nipper,
Butler.
Purdue’s fast, high-scoring basketball squad will launch its Big Ten campaign against Chicago’s Maroons at Chicago tonight. It will be the first Big Ten game for both teams.
Eight Wins
The brilliant Boilermaker team has already romped over eight opponents; Indiana State, Xavier, Detroit, DePaul, Loyola, Denver, USC, and UCLA, and will start tonight’s game with an amazing average of almost 60 points per game. Jewell Young; All-American forward for the 1936-37 season, and Johnny Sines, two of the most spectacular scoring aces in the country will head the fast-breaking Purdue quintet in its initial conference contest. In the eight warm-up games this pair scored 215 points, or an average of almost 27 points per
game.
High Average Four members of the Purdue team, which is earning a reputation as the fastest team on collegiate courts, have an average of more than 10 points per game. Gene Anderson and Tom Dickinson are trailing Young and Sines in the Boilermaker scoring rampage. The Maroon quintet will enter the game tonight with a record of three wins and two defeats. They split a series with Marquette and dropped the opener to DePaul. Wins have also been chalked up against Armour Tech and Wheaton. Cassels Out Minus the,services of Bob Cassels speedy Maroon forward, who was injured in an early game. Coach Nels Norgren has been molding a new combination on the Midway, hopeful that it will be able to hold its o\TO in Big Ten competition. Mullins is paired with Lounsbury at forward, Meyer, last year’s reserve center, has been given the pivot post. Upon Eggemeyer and Captain Peterson, Maroon guards, will fall the task of breaking up the Boilermaker’s “breath-taking” offense. ^
Tyler to Lecture Before AlChE
“Production of Ammonia,” clarified with slides and charts, will be discussed by Chaplin Tyler, of the DuPont Company, before an open meeting of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building at 7:3Q Monday night. Professor R. N. Shreve, of the chemical engineering school, has said that Tyler has done more than any other man to publicise chemical engineering through his work in the DuPont publicity department. Tyler is a graduate of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and is author of a chemical engineering economics handbook. He was formerly assistant editor of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering, and held a national office in the AIChE. Tyler studied ammonia in the DuPont research department before he became associated with the publi-
city department.
is certainly no snap, especially as departments rebel at giving whole series of exams and ask that all exams in one course be scheduled at the same time. PM 11, CE 6, and many others are scheduled this
way.
“Key hours” is the answer to part of the problem, and the man to blame for the scheduling is Professor A. P. Poorman, of the applied mechanics department. Each class hour on Monday and Tuesday is assigned a certain examination period, whicli is known as it’s “key hour.” As often as possible classes which meet on Mondays and Tuesdays will have their ekams scheduled on their “key hour” examination period. Most courses, by the way, do meet on the week’s first two days, ^but there are plenty that don’t, and they give Professor Poorman steady headaches during the month he spends making out the pink and white posters. (Continued on page 4)
Fifteen members of the Boilermaker squad will leave Lafayette at 11:33 this morning, staying in Chicago overnight and returning Sunday,
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Fair Saturday and Sunday. Continued cold Saturday with slowly rising temperatures in the west portion Sunday. Local Temperatures: 10 p, m. Thursday to 10 p. m. ^wday. High, 32; Low, 15; Mean, 26.5.
Sigma Delta Chi Members Educate Public In Boilermakers’ Brawl Interview
By The Roving Reporter Campus meandering leads me to believe that few students have a very accurate idea of what the BIG dance titled the “Boilermakers’ Brawl” and sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi, is all about. Grabbing the bull by the horns we decided to interview a few SDX members a^d find out what they kiiow (if anything) about the dance they are giving.
“Foist and foremost,” spake Prexy Forster, “the Brawl is replacing the Riveters’ 'Rassle and it’s going to be bigger and better than the Rassle eveit was.” “And we gotta band ... in fact we got two bands,” chimed in Treasurer Gilbert. “We have Bernie Young and his hot colored band of New York not to mention Bud Bryant and his campus swingshots.” “And think of the bargain,” Gilbert added coyly, rubbing his hands
together, “since tickets s6ll at only $1,991/2.” Harris Stanback, editor of the enlarged tabloid Exposer publication which will be distributed to all persons at the dance, didn’t put out much information. “Will the Exposer have candid camera shots of s1;udents in embarrassing positions?” we asked just to start a conversation. ' “Ugh!” Stanback grunted. “Will it have lots of dirt on cam-
pus people?” we made another attempt. “Ugh!” he retaliated. “Will it be much larger than those of former years, if so how much and why and remember what you say will be printed,” we gargled. “Ugh!” he concluded. “We’re giving prizes of two compliihentary tickets for the best candid pictures turned in to us by noon today,” Rip Manion, who can’t be silenced, piped up. “Turn in your
pictures with your name attached to Prexy Forster, Stanback or at the Union desk, addressed to SDX.” V. “Don’t forget the beard prizes!” reminded monkey-suited Don Baals, “We got the Mjjitary department to let their sodjer boys grow whiskers just so I could try out for a prize.” He didn’t mention which prize he had his eye on but the list includes: the beard most like peach fuzz and four othefs—the blackest, the reddest, the curliest, and the gmnd
prize for the best all-around face wig. “Co-eds too, will get a break this year,” bragged Dick Obenchain. He then admitted that Jhe was thinking of dating a midget, so that he could cop the Cinderella pi*ize—^reward for the tiniesjb feminine foot. No SDXer was out for the modesty prize, but they all were interested in finding the most modestly dressed co-ed, for she will also receive a suitable prize. '
-‘ill .i&l
fi’l'THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, January 8. 19i38
i
(
‘AH-University’ Fits Well...
the character of organization back of the 1938 student dramatic production which will replace the musical comedy presented annually by the Student Union during the past three years. Eight students from a half dozen organizations representing every student in the University and six faculty members make up the board of control on this year’s play. Present arrangements grew out of a conflict of opinion between the Union and the official dramatics groups on the campus. Both the Union and the University Theater had decided to produce a play during March, which didn’t make sense. Each faction was set on going through with its original plans. The Union had precedence and considerable student support on its side, University Theater its “officialness” — the fact that producing plays is its business. After a series of meetings and discussions a compromise was worked out, one which will enable both organizations to carry out their purposes. They are going to co-sponsor an ‘‘All-University” musical comedy, to be given in Eliza Fowler Hall during March. First of the Union’s three productions, its margin of precedence, was “Bright Young Thing,” in 1935. This play starred Frances Ford, Bill Jones, and Loma Curtis, with Virginia Meguiar furnishing the comedy. Bob Fuller, Union president of the following year, was in charge. In 1936, “Carmita” emerged with Mary Friend and Riley Shuttleworth in the leading roles. Fred Ahrens, Louise Hanely, and George Claypool lent their support. Betty Granger and Bill Jones played the leads in last spring’s “Castles In the Air,” while Fred Ahrens, Mary Ed Johnston, Dave Thompson, Martha Whitehead, and several others added their talent to the cast. Some of those Union shows didn’t rate so highly from a dramatic viewpoint, but they were interesting because of the large number of students assisting in the various phases of production. And they provided good experience and an opportunity for expression.
the Purdue Exponent
SbileiQtate 'Jlreas
Entered as second class matter at the I>ost office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published dally except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $3.50.
REPRCSENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTIelNQ BY
National AdvertlsingService, Inc.
College Publishers Representative
420 Madison AvE. New York. N. Y. CHICAGO - BOSTON - LOS ANOELES - SAN FRANCISCO
MAIN OFFICE
312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 6038
UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayet'te, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief R. P. Manion
Business Manager D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF
Managing Editor J. E. Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor's Secretary Margaret Sawyer
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeves
CO-ED STAFF
Editor Associate Editors ...
Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Editor Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF V . . . R. F. Obenchain .. J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Schroeder Issue Editor—Fredericki Saturday, January 8, 1938
This year’s comedy has an abundance of influence and resources back of it . . , and experience, too. There’s scarcely a chance for failure. An all-University show and on the campus .... sounds pretty good, doesn’t it ?
Letters to the Editor
We Knew Purdue’s Reputation
Dear Editor: “We weren’t surprised—^we knew Purdue’s reputation.” So said two Michigan co-eds after trying to debate before a rowdy audience composed mostly of English 14 students in the Home Economics Building auditorium Thursday night. What happened? Catcalls and wisecracks from tke floor. Disrespect for the chairman. Discourtesy to the speakers. And lastly, a ludicrous effort of exhibitionism on the part of one fellow who interrupted the critique with a poorly chosen remark and then rose to his feet at the speaker’s invitation and further advertised his ill-breeding. And the visitors from Michigan weren’t surprised. They’ll go back to Michigan with the story. Fine advertising for Purdue! These English 14 students are trying to learn to speak when they haven’t yet learned to listen. And we’re trying to educate the minds of students who haven’t yet learned the principles of good behavior. But the girls from Michigan were not surprised. They knew Purdue’s reputation. How do we like being accepted at the value we place upon ourselves ? Don Paarlberg, Ag. ’40.
By Mary Cooley
“Left-handed persons frequently become kleptomaniacs,” says Prof. T. K. Noss, of the University education department. He made this statement to one of his sociology classes during a discussion of the forms which maladjustment may take.
To you actual and potential wearers of the Greek-lettered key denoting “tops” in collegiate scholarship, the name is Phy Bayta Kappa— phonetically speaking. The Phi Beta Kappa’s quarterly publication, the Key Reporter, announced the majority so decided by vote at the society’s triennial council in Atlanta. Of the 123 delegates 31 votes were cast for Phi Beeta Kappa, 11 for Phe Bayta Kappa, and none for Phee Bayta Kahppa. Dr. Roy C. Flickinger, University of Iowa professor of classical languages, conducted the vote.
County To Sponsor President's Dance
January 29, the nation will observe President Roosevelt’s birthday with various social affairs to raise funds for the new National Foundation for fighting infantile paralysis. Tippecanoe county will join in the celebration, with plans now being made for a ball in Allen’s ballroom and basketball games, box shpper’s church festivals, and pot-luck suppers. None of the funds raised this year will go to the Warm Springs Foundation in Georgia, but all of the money will go to the new foundation. From the money raised, the foundation will start a large educational campaign under the supervision of medical experts for doctors and hospitals all over the country.
Girls, here’s good news! Masculine ego IS supposedly on the wane. In fact, it is being replaced (supposedly, again) by inferiority complexes and other “personality” troubles, according to Dr. Sidney K. Smith, University of California psychiatrist. He based his statements on the nature of requests for assistance made to him by 500 first year students. Twenty-five percent of this group exhibited inferiority complexes. Problems presented to him by students taking the entrance examinations were: Lack of self-confidence, lack of interest in the opposite sex, monetary worries, inability to concentrate, self-consciousness, and inclination to day dream. Dr. Smith pointed out that “many student have no social life, no hobbies, no particular friends, and no amusements. Their whole life consists of study, classes, three meals, and sleep. Mental disturbances under these conditions are extremely likely.”
What, Where, When?
“Bi’ead and butter” letter-s are the social bane of most peoples’ lives, yet all this worry is unnecessary. A bread and butter letter should usually be brief; often the recipient is not a close friend of yours and a long letter would include remarks meaningless to him or her. They should be written and mailed promptly, written, of course, on personal stationery and in your handwriting. If you’re a bad writer try for once and do a good job. Your next invitation may depend upon it. They should be informal and in a natural style, unless of course you are so gifte^ as to make another kind of reply fine or clever. So watch how your “bread is buttered;” do a good job by any holiday thank you notes which you may still have to write—write soon now.
A “date” boycott is in force at the Univei’sity of Washington against all co-eds who wear sheer silk hose. It was started by men of the American Student Union, a campus group, to stay in force until Japan removes her troops from China.
Women primp for the same reason that men drink—^to bolster up morale, according to a psychology professor at DePaul University. They dress chiefly to make an impression on their own sex, rather than to win the ai)proval of men, he declared. i
ARC
SUNDAY — MONDAY
mTIMIMERY (^cuJuuL I, Russai Cl.
—also— ‘BETTY BOOP”CARTOON
-LAST TIMES TODAYTEX RITTER in “ARIZONA DAYS”
GEORGE O’BRIEN in “WINDJAMMER”
‘Dick Tracy” Serial
‘Silly Symphony” Cartoon
Beards have already made their appearance round about the campus since the SDXers announced their beard prizefs for the Boilermaker’s Brawl. It looks like some of the boys will be coming a Cropper when dance time rolls around.
But thinking about the poor fellow who can’Uraise a beard, we talked ourselves into a nice sentimental, hair-taking-down cry . . . and the following bit of verse resulted.
BEARDLESS BEAUTY It was on that fateful senior day. Way back early in the fall, That my friends were wont to say. I’d lost my mustache in a hrawl, But the truth, if sad, must be told, That the hair upon my lily lip. Being silky satin and very gold. Couldn’t be seen upon my lip.” THUS SPAKE THE BEARDLESS SENIOR
“Now that SDX announced it’s Brawl, With beard prizes to be won, I find I have no beard at all. Not to mention a woolly one, Soi for the “peach fuzz” prize, I’ve set my heart to try. Hoping that I shall realize, An opportunity a razor to buy.” THUS MOURNED THE BEARDLESS SENIOR
Overheard while rushing through Stanley Coulter Hall: Freshman Co-ed: “If I ever have insomnia, I’m going to call on Dean Enders.”
Overheard m the lounge of the Union: First Co-ed: Is Stella really in love with Jack ? Second Co-ed: She told me she wasn’t quite sure about it, but that he sure has a good-looking roommate.
AChS Will Hear Talk on
Pefroleum Distillation
“A Chemist Looks at Petroleum” —Dr. Merrel R. Fenske, professor of chemical engineering at Pennsylvania State College, will tell what he sees in petroleum at an open meeting of the American Chemical Society today. The meeting will be held at 4 o’clock in room 106 of the Chemistry Building, and will be followed by a dinner in honor of Dr. Fenske at 6 o’clock in the Union ballroom. Dr. Fenske will discuss special distillation and fractional extraction equipment, the technique used in separating petroleums into different hydrocarbons or classes of hydrocarbons, and the composition of several hydrocarbons.
LAST D4Y
MGTO ON THE TRAIL OF THE SEVEN SCROLLS!
STARTING TOMORROW - MYRNA LOY FRANCHOT TONE ROSALIND RUSSELL
“MAN PROOF”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“I think Snodgrass is beginning to crack—he’s been trying to complete China for our 1938 world map.” ^
MIDNITE SHOW TONITE 11:30
TODAY Dance, Charlie Dance with Stuart Erwin —Plus— Youth on Parole
SWING IT SAILOR
Two Gobs on the loose in a fight for the freedom of the shes! A LAUGHFEST — GABFEST — SWATFEST OF HILARIOUS ACTION! with WALLACE FORD — RAY MAYER ISABEL JEWEL — CULLY RICHARDS
FIRST RUN
S!!H
A CHALLENGE TO ALL SCREEN HISTORY!
M-G-M's newest musical sensation is the talk of the entertainment world! Never... in one show...such a glorious gathering of stars . . . Cole Porter hits...romantic thrills ... laughs . , . spe^.| tacles . . . girls!
starring
NELSON EDDY
ELEANOR POWELL Frank l\fi©K@AN • Edna May OLIVER.
" " “ * • Ilona Massey
> Reginald Owen
Extra STARTING TODAY
Jimmy
Fidler’s “Personality Parade”/?
Saturday, January 8. 1938
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Boilermaker Squash, Wrestling Squads Take to the Road for Busy Week-End"
Open Quest For Conference Title Tonight
Squad Will Attempt to Avenge Eastern Defeats In an attempt to return to their winning ways following the series of losses against eastern opponents during the holidays, the squashmen travel to Cleveland today to engage the Cleveland Athletic Club at 2:30 this afternoon. The Boilermakers should feel more at home having faced the lineup of. champions at the eastern schools. Opening the season with three consecutive victories over the Dayton YMCA, Wright Field Officers, and Indianapolis Athletic Club, the team seemed well on its way to a very successful season, but ran into some tough opposition on the Christmas trip. Coach Clevett believes that the experience gained on the eastern jaunt will stand the racqueteers in good stead in the remaining matches and hopes for many victories to offset the Christmas losses. Illinois Game to Initiate Varsity Ping-'Pong Here Ping pong wdl be among the features of the dedication of the Fieldhouse January ,15. This newly-or-ganized athletic venture, prompted by the facilities afforded by the University’s new recreation plant, will commence with a match between the Boilermakers and th'e University of Illinois. Purdue’s representatives were chosen through
Timms, Huffman Main Riveter Mat Threats Traveling to Chicago, Coach Eeeck’s wrestlers will face the Universitjt^of Chicago’s grapplers today in the second meet of the season. Using practically the same team that lost to Wheaton College 6-2, the team will attempt to score the first victory for a Boilermaker wrestling team after seven years of inactivity. Timms and Huffman, who scored, the only Purdue points in the Wheaton match, will wrestle in the 135 pound and 155 pound divisions respectively, and seem the most likely prospects for points today. In meeting the Maroons, the Boilermakers will be facing their first Big Ten opponent, a team that has been in wrestling circles for yedrs. On next Saturday, Purdue fans will have their first chance to see the matmen in action when they face the Illinois Normal team as a part of the dedication of the new Fifeldhouse and gymnasium.
elimination matches which were held recently at the Fieldhouse. A round-robin tournament Thursday afternoon between three independent men and three fraternity men was won by the independents 5-4. From the six players who engaged in this playoff will probably be selected the five or six paddlemen who will face the Illini. Members of the victorious squad in the tourney are Farr, Bower, and Pultz. Nevin, Pi Kappa Theta; Nassau, Sigma Alpha Mu; and Gardner, Theta Sigma Phi, made up the fraternity team.
Service Directory
— Bookstores
Hardware
SOUTHWORTir^ Everything for the Purdue Student
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBRRT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST ,119'/z Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Welterweight Match To Gain Berth On Varsity
— Florist —
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowera Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • • Most excInsiTe assortment of coraagea available to Pordoe Students. 527 Main Phone 5432
Shoe Repair
Confectionery ---
Try Some oi Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glotz's Confectionery ' Main and Sixth Sts.
— Taxi Service —
The Thinking Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25s per passenger any part , of city 5023—Phones—3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Printing —
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP Dine —— dluduk. DINE V DANCE' AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. 52 at Lindbergh Road — Jewelry R. J.BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
SUDDEN SERVICE
PRINTING Office Slsiloneiy . . Wedding Invitations _ Sales Books, Etc. .. .
phone
2 62 8 CASSEL'S 408FERRY
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
— Locksmith
"C” CARTER for Keys — Locks — General Repairing Knife and Scissor Grinding New L.CJN. and Norton Door Checks Open Evenings , Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L.
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post' Office
S/A/SS One of the highest scoring combinations in Purdue’s history will take the floor tonight when these five Boilermakers face Chicago in their opening Big Ten encounter. Piggy” Lambert’s quintet will be out to show sports writers who did not give the Boilermakers a chance at the conference title that their predictions were decidedly erroneous, at leats in this one case.
VAt MOLASh'A — Gnaan
Keffaber Defeats Woodhull
In a three round bout yesterday, at the Fieldhouse, “Porky” Keffaber, Boilermaker welterweight pugilist, won a decision over Woody Woodhull and gained the last available berth on the Purdue boxing squ^d. The team list is complete and boasts two men in each of the eight divisions. A week from today the entire squad swill hold open house and tljere will be a match in each weight to determine the first and second teams. , After the matches next week the squad -will begin intensive training for the Golden Gloves fights with the champions of Lafayette which will be held in Febi’uary. The squad lost very few men through graduation last year and as a result most of the members are becoming seasoned vetei’ans. DuPont Representative Addresses AlChE Monday “Production of Ammonia” will be the subject of a talk to be delivered by Cheplin Tyler, of the DuPont Company, before the AIGhE on Monday night at 7:30 o’clock in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. Mr. Tyler’s lecture will be accompanied by slides. According to AIChE, this lecture, although open to all students, should be of partfcular intei-est to all chemical engineering students.
Varsity, Frosh Swim Teams Meet Night Of Gym Dedication As part of the dedication of the new Fieldhouse and Gymnasium, Coach Lai’ry LaBree’s swimming team will put on a regulation meet between the frosh and varsity teams next Saturday from 3 to 5 p. m. in the new pool. Exhibitions Professor Eastwood of the physical education department has been taking care of the freshmen swimmers in practice for .the last month 'and has several likely looking prospects to pit against the varsity. Anderson and Mott, yearling backstrokers have shown up well, as have Resser and Tuxworth in the free style events. Divers The varsity team lost all of its free stylei’s from last year, but have some fine strength in the dives this year. Lahey, Fuller, Howard and Ancker will have the job of filling the shoes of the lost dash men. Armstrong and Graham will swim the distance events, with Carr, Van Delester, and Spehn, varsity footballer, probable breaststroke men. Captain Tredwell will take good care of his backstroke assignment, with Wildhack, Craig, and Fahrner doing the dives. Following the final examinations, the team will journey to Fort Wayne to open its regular schedule with an exhibition meet with the YMCA February 4 and will continue with the following meets with other colleges: / Feb. 5—Michigan State Away Feb. 12—Northwestern Home Feb. 18—Chicago Water Polo Away Feb. 19—Triangular Meet Wis., Chicago, Pur. Away Feb. 23—Illinois Home Feb. 26—Ind.-Ky. AAU Meet At Indianapolis Mar. 4—Indiana Home Mar. 5—DePauw Home Mar. 11-12—Big Ten Championships at Chicago.
CANDY BARS As Fresh as Can Be Bought. DAD’S PLACE —So Handy
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
7&/1/ Qi<sf</A/eo/o —
Badminton Takes Place In Athletic Program For the first time in the history of the University, badminton will take its place along With the regular sports activities this year. Under the direction of W. B. Billings, the badminton candidates are cai-rying out a round-robin tournament in their daily workouts, in preparation for the matches with Illinois at the dedication of the Fieldhouse. Most of the 37 candidates who turned out for badminton are either freshmen or sophomores, and Billings says that he has high hopes for the sport in the future. Of the oi'iginal group, 29 students are still practicing regularly. Following the organization of the charter badminton team, Billings says he hopes to form a Purdue Badminton Club with a possible mixed membership.
mini to Meel Fencers Here Illinois University will afford the opposition for the Boilermaker fencers in a meet which will be held at the Fieldhouse today at 2 p. m., instead of at Champaign previously announced. The meet will be the first conference engagement for each team. This is the first engagement for the Gold and.Black since the trip to the East a few weeks ago. Fencing Clarified For the benefit of those who are not well versed in the rules and general art of fencing, sheets containing the rules and other important points concerning the sport will be passed out to all spectators. The idea of educating the audience in this manner was picked up at Cincinnati last year. Before the Pur-due-Cincinnati matches, a similar group of facts was distributed to the fans. Coach Finney asks that all freshmen who are interested in fencing come to the meet this afternoon to learn something about the sport before the call is issued for freshmen early next semester. The meet will start at 2 p. m. on the main gym floor of the Fieldhouse. Ire Aroused (Stirred by an article in The Hlini which stated that the Illinois “veterans” would make the trip “and will compete if Illinois loses its first matches,” the Boilermakers are preparing to show them that the “veterans” will be forced to compete. Heading this list of Illini “veterans” is Captain Stemfeld, with Weingartner and Katz completing the trio. In the foils matches for the Purdue fencers will be co-captain J. S. McWilliams, C. F. Hoffman, and W. H. Reynolds. The epice representatives are Art Levin and Bob Meire, while co-captain Jim Seaborg and Myron Stepath will compete in the saber matches. Net Squad Meets Illinois Monday Purdue will meet the Hlini in the second Big Ten basketball game for the Boilermakers Monday night at Champaign. It will be the second conference battle in three days. Faced with the loss of seven lettermen from last year’s squad, the Illini have had to make replacements with sophomores. In pre-Big, Ten encounters the team has played consistent basketball but dropped a game to Temple on an eastern trip. Indiana nosed out Hlinois in the opening conference game Monday night in an overtime tussle, and the' Illini must face Michigan tonight. Purdue may find trouble staying at top form again after the western trip and Illinois will just be waiting for a chance to avenge the stinging 61-34 defeat handed it on the home floor last year. The Illini may have a green team, but they will give the Boilermakers or any other team a battle judging from games so far this season.
GRIKANDBEARIT
ByLidrty
“All that trouble he’s goinsr tq—^Just to prove to his puUic ,, that he doesn’t wear a toupe!”ra^r-; ■ ftS? I ^ ‘•I ^ Wm Hi ‘ f
^r V
vr
w.
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
Saturday. January 8, 1938
Exam Sheets(Continued from page 1)
Mass exams like CE 6 and PM 11 are judicially stuck into exam periods that have fewest “key houi’” exams. Next these periods must be cleaied of all possible conflicts. After all possible mass and “key hour” finals are scheduled the rest are sprinkled into the master schedule by a sort of a trial and error process that only Professor Poorman could explain. Only 34 exam times will be changed on the white sheet which should be out by Wednesday, and most of these were caused by irregular students. Small wonder conflicts arise when a course for sophomores can have two freshmen and four seniors enrolled, as did one civil engineering course. Professor Poorman is proud of the fact that no regular students taking a normal course could have a conflict—even on the pink sheet. When all changing schemes fail, and a few poor students cannot escape conflicts, special exams ai*e willingly arranged. Usually less than a dozen such cases occur. Vanderbilt Invites Elliott Southward Dr. Edward C. Elliott, along with 400 other representatives of American and foreign colleges and universities, has been invited to attend the formal inauguration of Dr. Oliver C. Carmichael as chancellor of Vanderbilt University in Nashville. Tenn., on February 5. These delegates will take part in a symposium on higher education in the South; in which, sessions will be devoted to engineering, medicine, nursing, liberal arts, theology, law, and graduate education. The symposium will extend over the two days preceding the inauguration date. Vanderbilt University, during the 16 years of its existence has had only two chancellors. M. M. KercherOets Orchard Position Max M. Kercher, Ag ’28 has been named garden and orchard assistant in charge of fruit and vegetable production and consei’vation for the state institutional and farm lands. His duties will be concerned with advising the superintendents of the penal and benevolent institutions and managers of state farms of Indiana on the growing and production of orchard, fruit, and vegetable crops. Kercher, for the past four years, has been in charge of truck farm and canning projects sponsored by various townships in the state. During this time he has superintended the canning of over five million tins of fruit and vegetables, all of which were distributed to families on relief. Trit^on Club Initiates At Formal Ceremony At the formal initiation last night in the Women’s Gymnasium, new members of the Triton Club were required to do the Big Apple and other stunts. New initiates are Marian White, Paula Sweirlein, Geraldine Buhrke, Jane Cook, Margaret Crankshaw, Albert Densford, Mary Lou Dunlap, Jane Fishleizh, Isabelle Forsberg, Mary Halmond, Joan Geer, Alice Laugheed, Mary Miller, Janette Morris, Jackie Nicholson, Jane Ramsay, Mary Reimann, Mary Louise Riley, Betty Smith, Betty Spears and Helen Steffee. Dean Coolidge fo Lead Foundation Class Beginning Sunday, and for two consecutive Sundays thereafter. Assistant Dean of Women Clare Coolidge. will lead the student class of the Purdue Christian Foundation. Miss Coolidge’s three class periods will deal with “Racial and Class Distinctions,” “Marriage, Chastity, and Divorce,” and “Personal Religious Living.” An opportunity for questions and discussion will be provided at the end of every class period. The classes are open to all university studenle. The group meets every Sunday at 9:30 a. m. at the First Christian church.
Good Food Might Have Changed Whole Course Of History-Chamhers By Victoria Allen “Do you like creamed onions^?” From anyone else it might have seemed peculiar, but Prof. S. D. Chambers of the applied mechanics department is a man who can get away with the unusual. Professor Chambers continued with his comments on food. “I believe the whole course of history might have been changed, if leaders had had good food and good cooks. Napoleon might have been a more decent man if he had had good food well prepared.” “I had just the most delicious meal you can imagine. You know,” his voice gained the impassioned note of the engineer thinking of the little woman at home, “it’s wonderful to go home to an intelligent charming woman and a well cooked meal.” Still solemn faced, not the least as if he were teasing, he changed the subject back to mechanics. No wonder his classes love it!
Today 11:00—Just Kids. 11:15—Don’t Listen. 11:30—High School Guest Program. 12:00—Tune Time, Charles Powell. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Footnotes on the Headlines. 12:45—Market Reports. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—Saturday Musical Review. 2:00—Monitor Views the News. 2:15—Melody Moments. 2:30—Stamp Club of the Air. 2:45—Tune Topics. 3:00—Campus Varieties.
Monday 11:00—Morning Melodies. 11:50—Purdue News Plashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—Social Security Talk. 12:20—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Sports Review, by Bob Heine. 12:45—Don Bowden, Popular Melodies. 1:00—Can You Pronounce It? 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Market and Weather Reports.
Phones in Class— They Now Appear In Speech Clinic By G. J. Tafel Numberrr, plleease? This is the question that students attending the University’s Speech Clinic, under the direction of M. D. Steer, will soon be answering with ease and confidence if their expectations come up to par. To aid in teaching these speech defective students how to speak correctly and unhesitatingly over a phone, phones were recently installed in four of the clinic’s rooms in the baseme'nt of University Hall. Five Phones There are two circuits (two of the phones to a circuit) and a master phone in the acoustic room which the clinician may use to hear or interrupt any student conversation on the clinic phones. These lines, however, are confined to the clinic, and are not connected to an outside line. Srtoraberg-Carlson Telephone Co. and the American Automatic Electric Sales Co., both of Chicago, each contributed two phones, and the Indiana Associated Telephone Corp. donated one phone and the installation. With 75 speech defective students registered in the clinic at the present time, the staff is working at capacity conditions. These 75 students report bi-weekly for speech correction and instruction from one of the six members of the staff, which is composed of M. D. Steer, director, three regular instructors, and two assistants. Not Compulsory Although freshmen with a speech impediment are advised at their physical examination to report to the speech clinic, there is nothing compulsory about the matter. The applications are voluntary and there is a large waiting list which cannot be accommodated at the present. Completed during summer vacation, the new clinic was turhed over to the staff at the beginning of the year. There are four clinic rooms, a group room, acoustic lab, physiological lab, three offices, and a reception room. Students, realizing the importance of speech in this modem age, are beating a path to the speech department’s door. Increasing rapidly, the department is constantly adding new courses, instructors, and mechanical aids.
University Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Debris Cuts Available To: All fraternities, sororities, organizations, and publications who want cuts which were used in 1936 and 1937 Debris, call at Debris office in Union Building before January 10. —EHINGEE.
University Orchestra: Kehearsal January 9 at 7 p. m. in Fowler Hall. —PHILLIPS.
Chemical C Removals: Examinations for removal of conditional grades in Chemistry 1 or 2 will be given in room 101, Education Building, January 8, 1-4 p. m. All of those who received C’s in Chemistry 1 or 2 prior to the school year of 1937-38 should attempt removal of the C on the above date. Make application at Room 210, Chemical Building before January 8, 1938. —HASS, McBEE, TEST, ALLEN.
Badminton Players: Those already signed up for the round-robin tournament must begin match play at once. Purdue meets Illinois Januaiy 15. A first team must be selected by then. —BILLINGS.
Junior Chemicals: Anyone interested in entering the Hanley Speech Contest see me or call 7026 before January 10. —JACOBI.
Activity Bureau: Will be closed until the beginning of the second semester. —JACOBSON.
AIChE: Open meeting January 10 at 7:30 p. m. in large EE lecture room. Chaplan Tyler of DuPont will lecture on the production of ammonia. —GRIFFENHAGEN.
Activity Charts: All students living in Lafayette, outside of the city limits or on the rural routes, who desire their activity charts,” please come to the Student Union office before January 10 and get copies. —JACOBSON.
Freshman Senate Petitions: Freshmen may obtain Senate petitions from Student Senate office from 4 to 6 p. m. January 10 to January 17. All petitions must be leturned by January 17. —ELLIOTT.
Debris Photographic Staff: Following is the schedule for photographic workers on Januaiy 10 to 16: Monday—Joe White, John Williams, Joe Staley: Tuesday—Bill Gephart, Harley Rhodehemel, Charles Gardner: Wednesday—Bob Dyer, Don Wray: Thursday—Don Martin, Dick Sogge; Friday—Charles Milner, Bill Heddon. All are expected to be in the darkroom by 4 p.m. —EMSLIE.
Co-ed Ping Pong: These games must be played by Monday noon, January 10: Boelke vs. Boyton, Shaffer vs, Muterspaugh, Ourand vs. Plank, Stephenson vs. Boyd, Raebig vs. Beadry, Sebest vs. Hendrickson, Spry vs. Horn. N. Campbell vs. Schilling, Guthrer vs Reimann, Randall vs. Delaplane —BLANK.
WSGA Sophomores: There will be no
training school until after finals, February 1st. —STEWART.
Exponent Co-eds: The following girls meet at the Fifth street office at 1 ;30 p. m. January 8 to work on the co-ed edition. Mary Burtsfield, Mary Jane Carr, Georgia Carroll, Betty Jane Darr, Martha Limpus, Marian Johnson, Barbara Owen, Janet Pickering, Charlotte Sebast, Helen Stanley, and Fairy Totten. At 6 p. m.: Jane Briscoe. Marie Butz, Thelma Goodman, Irene Hibbs, Barbara Joy, Kay O’Leary, Lois Randolph, Ruth Rose, Mary Thompson, Ruth Wattleworth, Ruth Williams —PYKE
Purdue Union of Jewish Youth: Final meeting of the semester, January 9, at 3 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Open discussion of the proposed partition of Palestine, led by Firestone and Heller. Entertainment and refreshments. Bring dues. —GEIST.
Zouaves: All those who wish excuses for the Corps Day drills coming up, please get your name in to me so that they ma^ be obtained Previous list was lost. Call Y026. -FRANCOS.
Alpha Phi Omega: Those who owe dues pay up by January 10 so that they may be sent in to the National office. Those who have not asked for life membership and wish to, let me know so that application can be made. Call 7028. —FRANCOS.
WAA Riflery: Second round of tournament will be held January 10: freshmen vs. juniors, sophomores vs. seniors. Freshmen shoot at 7:30. Sophomores at 7 :45, juniors at 8, and seniors at 8:16. —CHRISTENSON.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting at 1:30 p.m. sharp, January 8 in the Union Exponent office —FORSTER.
Aeronautical Students: ,A11 aeronautical students are requested to report at the Univeisity airport January 8, at 2 o’clock p. m for group pictures. —WOOD.
Men’s Glee Club: Rehearsal January 10 at 4 p. m. —PHILLIPS.
Freshman Engineers: All divisions of Engineering Lectures meet in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 a. m. January 8. —KNAPP.
WAA Riflery: Second round of tournament will be held January 10. Freshmen vs. juniors, sophomores vs. seniors. Freshmen shoot at 7:30 p. m., sophomores at 7 :46 p. m., juniors at 8 p. m., and seniors at 8 :16 p. m. —CHRISTENSON. Senior Military Training Students; Receive pay in main office of the Armory between 4 and 6 p. m. Januai-y 10. —HAYFORD.
Mary Coulter Describes Picturesque Mexico As Beautiful But Perilous Romantic adventures in the picturesque background of Old Mexico were described last night by Mrs. Mary Coulter in her lecture at the Union faculty lounge. . Mrs. Coulter told of her experiences on trains throughout Mexico and stated that one can appreciate American Railway Systems after touring under such perilous circumstances. No safety devices, lights, flagmen, or signs are visible in any part of Mexico, Not only are their railways inferior to that of our country, but the primitive methods they use in preparing food, especially vegetables, makes eating facilities for tourists very unreliable. Mrs, Coulter has lived in eight different countries in Europe, and has seen the church in every European country with the exception of Russia. After comparing those with the churches of Mexico, she says Mexico has the most elaborate, most
Prof. Remmers to Attend Meeting at Ohio U. Monday Professor H. H. Remmers, director of the division of educational reference, education and applied psychology at the Uhiversity, will go to Ohio State U,, Columbus, 0., on Monday, January 10, to act as chairman of a national committee appointed by the American Council on Education. The committee will forrqulate a program of testing and evaluating in the social sciences. Other members of the committee are Professor E. F. Lindquist of the University of Iowa, Professor F, T. Spaulding of Harvard, and Doctors Hilda Taba and J. W. Wrightstone of Ohio State University.
beautiful churchqs that she has ever seen. After the lecture, murals were displayed depicting the coming of the Spaniards to Mexico. Many of them showed the manner in which the religion, and labor of the Spaniards was imposed on the Indians.
FOR RENT—One double front room at 454 North Grant. Phone 6492.
THIS COUPON—Ad credited 16 percent on your typing. Public stenographer, Lahr Hotel.
ROOM FOR RENT—One double front room at 464 North Grant. Phone 46972.
LOST—$9.00 in vicinity of 3rd and University streets at 10 pv m. January 6, Finder please return. Reward, Call 3954.
FOR RENT—One place in nice double room. Board for two extras. 317 Chauncey.
STUDENT LAI^NDRY—Call for our special prices. Shirts 10 cents. Phone 75152. Free delivery.
ROOM AND BOARD—Available for men students February 1 at 209 Vine street. Phone 3210.
Low Today — Up Tomorrow You can keep your Spirits up every day if you keep your Clothes Crown Cleaned and Pressed Regularly
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
Mr. Merchant:
PURDUE EXPONENT
AWAKEN the public (including students of course) to the real values you have to offer in your Clearance Sale. They will buy (are we telling you?) if you let them know when to come to your store. You have the Merchandise . . . we have the traffic . . . An Ad in this space will send traffic through your store.
ADVERTISING PHONE 5038
IJ
il