WPB URGES LESS l^estricfions On Steel for Non-Mi I itary Use
WORLD STUDIHT I Service Fund Needs Student Contribution
Established 1889
Beat Good’s Goodies!
Vorutne 56, Nd. 99
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, January 8, 1944
Riveter Netmen Outelass Chicago Gagers 70-27 V-12er$ To Present nom^ead Teem ro initial Quartet Of Stars . , I — *1 Big Ten Conference Net Triumph; ^ J A/lUSICal Toflight Vegraw Sets Pace For Maroons Will bmg OUnday
Cast Features More Than Fifty Performers, Part Of Audience “Scuttlebutt and Brine”, the all V-12 show, will go on the stage of the Music Hall tonight after the basketball game with
Coach Piggy Lambert's unpredictable netmen finally overtook the jinx that has been riding with them the past four^ames and succeeded in launching their initial Conference tilt by an impressive 70 to*^? victory on the hapless Maroon’s home court. . • Charlie Haag, stalwart guard, led the Rylveter attack with 21 points, while Dennis Horn, sharpshooting forward, followed with 13 points, The Boilermakers maintained the lead all through the game and Were leading by a 38-17 score at the half time period. Outstanding for the Maroon attaSek was the brilliant play of Degraw, who garnered 17 of the 27 points scored by the Chicago team. ' ' - u— u PURDUE FG FT PF — :——
Indi^d Com Show Wiil Meet In Union On January 10-13
Horn, f Hoffman, f Kennedy, f Sokol, f Frazier, f-c MaePherson, c Elliott,' g Friend, g
3
.......2 0 0 ..,.;.,0 0 0 4 0 0 .:;....4 0 2 ...'...0 0 0
The 1944 Indiana Corn Show will V-
Schmidt, f .: ....1
........0 ;..0 0
Schrank, g.... Gustafson, g Cline, f
Production Staff of “Scuttlebutt hnd Brine”,
a star-studded amateur cast of Navy and Marine trainees. This
thousand dollar show is to present something entirely new and classes anticipated is the class for
be held in the west faculty lounge from January 10 to 13. This annual show, one of the projects of the Indiana Corn Growers Association, includes small grains, soybeans, ear and shelled samples of
corn and certified seed classes, and CHICAGO has done much to stimulate inter- Furry, f ... est in Indiana agriculture for high Degraw, f quality seed and superior yielding, Deitelbaum, f ..
adaptable varieties.
Indiana Has 19 Corn Kings Since Indiana has had 19 of the
last 23 Corn kings of the world, keen competition is expected m the ear corn classes. One of the largest
31
FG
..........1 ...; 6 1
Whittaker, f ..:...0 Marward, c ......; 2 Flanagan, g : 0 Thomas, g .....: 0
10
FT 1 5 0 0 1 0 0
PI A Announces Election Results M Hetiderson Wins Presidents Office; Heads independents With Boilermaker Party Policies A1 Hendeyson, heading the Boil-
different in entertainment,
open at 8:45 p. m.
Written in the form of a three act musical farce, the show features a cast of over fifty performers, and in the second act includes more than 20 couples to be taken from the audience. The show has been in process of production for over a month arid .'has been cut to give the audi-_ ence' one hour and thirty minutes of'tbps in fast moving entertain-
ment.
Newspapers, “Life” Invited to Show ; The hall promises to be well lighted with flash bulbs as numerous papers have been invited to cover
The doors of the Music Hall will
Stratton To Address All Women Students Convocation for all women students with Lt. Commander Sti-at-ton as featured speaker will be held on Thursday, January 20, at 7:30 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Her subject will be “Today’s Women Tomorrow.” Lt. Commander Stratton is now
certification samples of shelled and graded hybrid seed. This is the same seed as that which will be offered for sale to the farmer by the hybrid seed producer. This seed has met all field requirements for clertification and the sample is taken by a representative of the seed certification service in fhe same riianner that official samples for certification are taken.
4H Show
The annual state 4H Club show will be held in connection with the adult show. Many of these exhibitors are future adult show exhibit-
Schlesinger To Speak On Radio, Television At 7:30, January IS Under the auspices of AIEE, Dr. Kurt Schlesinger will speak on “Radio and Television Engineering” at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, January 15, in room 103 of the Physics Build-
ing.
During the past two years Dr. Schlesinger has been conducting ex-
ermaker ticket, has been elected name bands, an independent forum president of the PI A for the winter a,nd will-gladly accept suggestions and spring terms as a result of yes- all students, terday’s voting. Also chosen for - the other offices were'the rest of the Henderson Makes Statement . . • ■ • According to a statement made by A1 Henderson, new president, “PIA will cpntinue to work for clos^ er cooperation, a bigger and better organization. Plans are being made to sponsor a cabaret party some
time in the near future.”
Henderson is vice president of SCA, member of the Student Senate, chairnian of AIEE, treasurer of Etta Kappa Nu, member of Tau Beta Pi. Cerreto is vice president of Reamers. Davis is PIA secre.fa|ry and former SCA secretary. Crist works on WBAA, has a column in the Exponent, and is publicity chairman of the Aeromodellers Club. Lane is secretary of
SCA.
AL HENDERSON, President
Boilermaker party, including Hanky Davis, coed executive; Sibi Cerreto,
Enti’ies for t|ie show will be re- periments on the campus for the vice president; Avalyn Lane, sec-
commanding officer of the SPARS, ceived until 5 Monday afternoon. Radio Corporation of America. In retary, and Lyle Crist, treasurer.
Women’s reserve of the coast guard. As soon as judging is completed ori the lecture he will deal with the The Boilermaker party’s plat- campus Friday morning, where she
the show. Photographers and re- She was formerly Dean of Women Tuesday the show will be opened to technical features of the latest de- form stands for better independent conferred with faculty and student porters from Life magazine have at the University, but is now on the public and will remain open un- velopments in the field of I’adio and activities, Friday night date,dances, leaders on the subject of promotalso been invited. Newspapers in leave of absence. . til 4 p. m. Thursday. television. dance classes, efforts to secure ing organization for student relief.
Indianapolis, Chicago and other sur- ■ •
rounding towns have carried advance stories on the show. A rec-.
ord crowd is expected.
tJtilizing the varied talent of almost four score service men, “Scuttlebutt and Brine” starts off with a strictly feminine bridge game in the beginning of the first act, presents a group of top notch specialty acts in the second act and goes all out
for fun in the third.
SR Cards, Passports, War Stamp
Will Admit Audience
Service men and dates will be admitted by social recreation cards, students by passport and the general public by the purchase of a 25cent war stamp at the door.
Female Engineers No Oddity!!. .. , Fifty Girls Take Courses
By Marion Donham
Girls on the engineering campus are not the novelty that they used to be with all the female engineers -that the University is training, and the Wright Field girls are a part of these war programs. On December 13, 60 young women registered at the University for the third engineer trainee (aircraft radio) program. They are the second group of girls to be tiained here under the aircraft radio laboratory of
ASME Will Present Color Film Of Fortress Bomber Story January 12 At 7:30 Student branch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers Avillbe one of the first organizations in this vicinity to show the threereel colored motion picture, “.Fortress in the Sky.” It will be shown at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, January 12i in room 108 of the Mechanical. Engineering Building. The film, photographed at Boeing aircraft plant and at an advanced training center, covers the origin, development' and performance of what has
proven thus far to be the world’s several years of math and science, best, bomber. while others have either followed Jn- addition to the pictures the liberal arts studies in college or ASME will have Staff Sergt. Ma- worked after graduation from high
Iqne and Corp. Mitchell, ASTP school,
trainees who have had actual ex- ing this one came principally from pprlence with the flying fortress, this area, but when this second 'They will load a short discussion group was being made up this area arid answer any questions. did not yield enough candidates and
the overflow of candidates for the University of Minnesota Wright Field school were brought here. Two are from the staff’ of WCCO at Minneapolis and another has had 150 hours of aviation training. Some have already taken radio courses or attended signal corps schools. All of them, varied as their interests may have been, are now studying to become engineer assist-
ants in the aircraft radio labora-
Wright Field, the first class gxadu- They will do research, dented being boys. The 26-week rind test air-borne radio course which they pursue is laid out CQaipment for the army air forces, by the U. S. Army Signal Corps at Trainees Paid by the Hour
Wright Field, Dayton, 0., and the girls are selected through civil serv-
ice. .
Of the 50 registered, for the course 20 are from Minnesota, while Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky, District of ■ Columbia, Pennsylvania, Oklahoma and Illinois are represented also. .Some of the trainees have already had radio experience
These trainees are being paid by the hour and a class hour missed is deducted from their check. Although not regular University students, these girls have the use of the health service and by paying the student fees can attend University functions like basketball gariies and convocations. The Wright Field ti’ainees are living wherever they can in
and training. They come from ex- rooms in West Lafayette and Latremely varied backgrounds to this fayette. Theii" tuition is paid foi’,
coui'se in radio work.
Some are college graduates with
but they must supply from their salary their room, board and books. Prof. C. W. Caldwell, electrical engineering department, is educational supervisor of the program and is assisted by a staff of 12 in-
Tuminia, Martini, Olheim, Gorin To Entertain At Convo Igor Gorin, the handsome young Russian baritone of the Co-lumbia'All-Star Opera Quartet, is considered by the critics to be one of the best baritones in the country, if not in the world. Coming to this country practically an unknown, he has won the ^ — acclaim of millions of Ameri-
cans who have dubbed him a “second Chaliapin”, > Mr. Gorin, who has long been a favorite of European op<^ audiences, sees in America the “great white hope” of music future. He has been the featured star radio’s Hollywood Hotel program for some time, and has made numerous guest appearances on the Treas-ui-y Hour, the Ford Sunday evening Hour, Cresta Blanca Carnival and
the Kraft Music Hall.
"He has come here as a part of the ColiimWa All-Star Quartet to appear in the sixth scheduled convocation Sunday, January 9, at3 p. m. in the Music Hall. With him are Josephirie Tuminia, coloratura soprano; Nino Martini, tenor, and Helen Olheim, mezzosoprano.
Program
The program will be presented as
follows:
Opening, “The Star-Spangled Banner,” Miss Tuminia, Miss Olheim, Mr. Martini, Mr. Gorin; quartet, “Bella figlia dell’amore,” fttte “Rigoletto” (Verdi), Miss Tuminia, Miss Olheim, Mrt Martini, Bfc. Gorin; duet, “Piangi fanciulla,’* from “Rigoletto” (Verdi), Miss IMriiinia and Mr. Gorin; duet, “Ai npstria mpnti,” from “II Trpvatoiffe,’* (Verdi), Miss Olheim and Mr. Martini; duet, “Sous le'dome spaia,” from “Lakme” (Delibes), Miss Tuminia and Miss Olheim; duet, “All’ idea di quel metallo,’ ’from “II Barbiere di. Siviglia” (Rpssini), Mr. Martini and Mr. Gorin; quartet, from “Martha” (Flotow), Miss Tuminia, Miss Olheim, Mr. Martini, Mr. Gorin. (Intermission.) “Donkey Duet,’’, from “Veronique” (Messager), Miss Olheim and Mr. Gorin; “The Song of Khivxia” (Moussorgsky), Miss Olheim; “Rudolph’s Narrative,” from “La Boheme” (Puccini), Mr. Martini; durt, “Parigi o cara,” from “La Traviata” CVerdi), Miss Tuminia and Mr. ivlartini; “Shadow Son,” from “Dinorah” (Meyerbeer), Miss Tuminia; prologue froni “Pagliacci” (Leoncavallo), Mr. Gorin; quartet arrangement of sextet from “Lucia di Lammermoor” (Dpnizette), Miss Tuminia, Miss Olheim, Mr. Martini, Mr. Gorin. . Admittance for students and service men will be by passports •or recreation cards. The general public will be charged $1.10 for a single admittance ticket. There will be no advance sale of tickets.
. . . representative of the World ■Student Service Fund,. visited the
n Aircraft Radio
Wright Field trainees cooperate at studying radio techniques and principles in the University Electrical Engineering Laboratories.
problems; DC and AC electricity; engineering principles; shop and engineering drawing. After’ these basic courses they move into electronics, measurement laboratory, radio circuit theory and practical radio comnutnication with a radio lab and a radio shop period. In this radio shop they actually assemble and test a radio set, which seems quite a jump in only 16 weeks. Final Course Transmission Lines The final course is in transmission lines, but these courses are overlapping in the starting times of each. Some of them last 16 weeks and others only five weeks. Their radio shop is one of the final steps. It is the practical application similar to the work they ex-
pect to be doing.
The remainder of the 40 hours not spent- in class or lab each week isispent in supervised study in which there is an instructor present in the classroom to answer questions as
much as possible.
After completing the radio course here at the University the trainees go to Dayton, Ohio, for another eight weeks of instruction and then into the laboratories at Wright Field. At present the^ are four other schools in the eounti-y with training programs like this one. These courses were started for boys
ees. This new cour.se is a 40-houv stiff a course.
The group of girls preced- structors. Lee C. Pigage is the ad- per week for 26 weeks program in- Sectioned into two groups, the
ministrative supervisor, stead of the 48 hours.'per week for future radio engineering aides be-
The course that the girls are fol- 24 weeks used before. Forty-eight gin their study with mathematics but the draft took too many of them, lowing is slightly different from the hours of class, lab and supervised including algebra and trigqnom- so women have been filling their
one used for the last group of train- study every week proved to bq^too etry with application to electrical places,
r , . , . i ■
Indiana Rural Youth To Meet On Campus Monday Afternoon Indiana rural youth will meet at the University next Monday afternoon. At that time there will be a ti-aining conference for state and district officers of the organization. Tuesday morning the eighth aainual meeting for Indiana mtel youth will be held in the Union ■with state President Herbert Friedrlek of Frankfort presiding. On the program will be Harry F. Ainsworth, state 4H club leader ,and Dean of Agriculture H. J. Reed. Beginning the afternoon session Hotrard McClusky of the University of Michigan will speak. Dr, McClusky to Speak The TRY annual dinner will take place at the First Methodist Cht^h in West Lafayette where Dr. MeClusky will deliver the main address.s
s
Purdue Exponent
Saturday^ January 8^)1944
wurdue Exponent
comhined with
I’urdue Independeni'
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieidhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
J^ditor Business Manager.. News Editor Manaoriner Editor Sports Editors
Ellis Murphs „.Mory Diltp ,...;.........Willioni H. Tyson Carolyn Wilbur ..Raymond J. Smith, Russell M, Lipes
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors: Jack Abbott, Ruth M. Ford, Madelstn AGrotnes, James T. Richardson, Maritarot Y. Stoifes, JattiO! ‘ Ackerman, Frank Vouh, Phyllis Mann, Martha I,ee Riggs Katy’Ho\vos. , , , As.sociatc Sporl.s Editors: James F. .^ckern:ian, Paul Garber William Garhor, Warren C. Wright. j Service Staff: Morris Better, Gabriel Elia^, Leo Friedman Jack Martirc, Jay Newriian, Jorry Koetting, Bob Baker,
Business Staff Advertising Manager: C. I,. Gaunt. Assistant Advertising Manager: Betty Maney. Circulation Manager: R. G. Sauerman.
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Bonham Day Editor: Riggs City Editor; Yargar ^ Issue Editor: Garrett Sports Editor: Wright Reporters: P. Richardson, Tuesburg, Georgeson, Lewis, Murphy, Mcrtc, Gold. -Asperger, Woerncr. Ehrmin, Brooks, Jamison, Strectc-r. . ' Staff Photographer: W', C. Tolber '
Entered as second cla.ss matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in sectron 1103. act of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday and Siiturday mornines during the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily by carrier for .$1.25 for a semester; by mail for $1.60 for a semester. Subscriptions may be obtained ,at the Exponenf office or at the West Desk of the Union. , , , Represented for national advertising by National Advertising .Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 42u Madison Ave., New York,. N. Y.
Help War Prisoners
Tm R*9. U. S. P*t. OH.
MERRY-GO-ROUND
By DREW PEARSOlil
WPB Urges Lowering Steel Restrictions For Civilian Use To Get
Rid Of Surplus
WASHINGTON—Though not ready to make a public announcement, WPB,Steel Division is worried about surplus production of steel, is actually urging relaxation of restriertions so that more steel may he consumed for civilian purposes. ' This is probably, the most important production development of the war. It has not been so many months since every school child in America was collecting scrap iron, Wi-Ie the best collectors won trips to ship launchings to sef o-i---? steel was going. .Those were ,,, d desperate shortages. Before the scrap drives going, many furnaces closed down for lack of materials. Today, furnaces are threatened with closing for exactly the opposite reason—they are producing more steel than is required for war needs. In the .hi.g Social Security^uilding in Washington, W'here WPB is housed,, a meeting was held the other day in ■which a representative of the Steel Division frankly told other officials that control should be relaxed on practically aH steel products. ,“We are producing steel faster than we are making up our mipds what to do with it,” said the official, “and it would be unfortunate if any of our steel-making capacity should stand idle until the necessary changes
can be made.”
.He pointed out that it will take sixty to ninety days for all the ofiicials and agencies involved to make the decision for diversion of steel to civilian use. Meantime, the mills keep rolling and the steel piles up. The alternative is for the mills to shut down and throw men out of work. As a result, WPB has definitely taken up possible relaxation of restrictions on civilian
construction.
NOTE; This surplus steel production is one reason for the recent steel strike. Most people are unaware of what steel workers see all too clearb'—r-that the beginning of the end of war-boom production has arrived, and lay-offs may be just around the corner. Anonymous General Marshal
The anonymous (General Marshall) iiress conference regarding labor strikes has had repercussions similar to those of another anonymous press conference, equally famous at the time. The lattei- occurred during strained relations with Mexico and Nicaragua in the Coolidge Administration, when Robert E. Olds, Frank.B. Kellogg’s Undersecretary of State, called in Kirke Simpson of the As- . sociated Press, Ludw'ell Denny of the United Press, and George Holmes of the International Ne'W's Service for an anonymou.s session. He accused Mexico of harboring Communist designs and stirring up trouble against us in Nicaragua (where 'we needed an excuse for the .sending of Marines). The Undersecretary of State wanted the press associations to cirry the story on their own, without using himself or the State Department as authority. 'The UP and INS refused. The incident leaked out and caused repercussions similar to that of the General Marshall anonymous .statement. The Marshall conference has since threatened a break between labor and the Administration. The State Department conference unfortunately threatened a break between the United Staf5s°and Mexico. Newspapermen long experienced in following public affairs usually expect unfortunate results from an anonymous press conference. Reason is that, when a high official thinks he doesn’t havib to face responsibility for a statement, he frequentliy goes too far.
Admiral King Bows
On the Presidential trip to Cairo and Teheran, most attentive attendant to FDR wa.s the combined chief of Naval Opei-ation.s and Commander of the U. S. Fleet, Admiral Ernest King. jsjhe tall, grulf-voic'ed .sea-dog, now beyond retiremintage, Co; ..tanlly. bowed attention before the Pre.sidlHt. "Ate you v..,-,- '’(.a’l-e comfortable, Mr. Presi-, d(^l.'.'” he v.'oic Do you think our .speed is too fajljj? Shall 1 o).'<u.. )ic-m to .slow down a bit ?” f ther higii ranking naval and military men, who .seen the usually brusque admii-al travel with the. Pi^^pident before, nevei- had .seen him so considerate. pjjne of them even wondered w'hetbei-, King’s beha®.or had any connection with the fact that his birthdapw'as dije right in the middle of the Pi'esident’s trip —jps sixty-Iifth birthday and the second milestone heyhnd retirement age. But legardless of Navy gos-
Students are one of the foremost groups in the world when the problems of postwar reconstruction are being contemplated. The future of a coUnti'y weighs heavily on its college and university students. Since this is the case, some means should be made to assist students in need of relief, espe- . cially prisoners of war. Fortunately there is a means—the World Student Service Fuhd. At present this organization is supported primarily through the Community War Chest. As the need for studentT’elief increases, so does the need for larger funds increase proportionately. Stude-nts are prisoners of war in Germany, Japan, India and other countries. These prisoners call for books to encourage constructive thinking and learning and discourage despair during the long days. Hundreds of young people h^ve had to flee their .own countries to continue their studies in countries with free educational systems. For these students, they need not only books but also ,assist9.nce in providing tuition, board, lodging and clothing. As students in the University, we are unable to contribute large sums toward such a movement, but on the other hand, there are few who could not really afford to give a dollar toward such a fund, espeoiaily when we consider how fortunate we are to be attending a college or university at this tinie. The World Student Service Fund affords four different channels with relief: some goes to the WSSF educational program and operating expense; another part to student prisoners, refugees, evacuees and internees in the United States and Canada; a portion to Chinese students dispossessed from their universities ; and the largest amount to American and European student prisoners of war, and to European refugees, internees and evacuees. Perhaps some organization on campus would be interested in sponsoring a WSSF drive, or students, individually or in,groups, could send their dollars to the World Students Service Fund, 8 West 40th Street, New York 18, N. Y.—dollars which will provide food, entertainment, college or university funds, seholarships or subscriptions to magazines from the prisoner’s native land.
Pers@iwel Notes
Companies scheduled to visit the campusf Revere Copper pnd Brass Co., Rome,vN. Y.—Jan. io and 11, 1944. Interested in iTiC., Ch.E., Met.E. and E.E. Sign in Personnel Office by.8 p, .m,,Monday, Jah. 10. Also ASTP ftnd NpTP. Federal Telephone & Radio Corj)., Newark, N. J.--J,an. 13, 1944. Interested in E.E. and M.E. Sign in Personnel Office by 2 p. m. Jan, 12, Eastman Jio'dak Co., Rochester, N. Y.-r-Jan. 14, 1944. Interested in E.E,, M.E., Ch.E., Chemistry, Physicists, ^4-F men and women with secretarial training. Sign in Personnel Office by 3 p. m. Monday, Jan. 10. Goodyear Tire & Rubber,Co., Akron, O.—Jan. 12, 1944, Interested in M.E., C. E., Ch.E. and AeE. Also A'SI’P and NGTP.: Sign in-Person-nel Office by 3 p. m. Tuesday, Jan. 11. Western Electric Co., Chicago 111. -^-Jap. 13,1944. Interested in M.E., E.'E-» Physiqists, Ch.E. aud Met.E. Sign in Personnel Tffice by 3 p. in.
Wednesday: Jan. 12. .General MpeJirid -CpinpdJiy, Sche^: ne«>tady,'iN;mTT^ti..H7ana^Jlh5; terested 'in M.E., E.E. and' M4CE.'> Sign in Personnel Office by 3 p.im. Jan. 16. , , ; National tube Co., McKeesport, Pa.-^Jan., 1,2. Interested' ip E.E., arid Met.E. Sign ip.Pfergonh|:l-. Office by 3 p. in. Tuesday, JaniTl.'
mon on “The Place of Devotiori ip the Christian Character.” Choir will sing the carol “We Three Kings ,of ‘Orient Are.”
“They’re all planning new gadgets for the postwar world—^but are any of ’em giving thought to new and revolutionary easy- • payment plans ?”
Saturday, January 8
Hillel Foundation Rabbi M. H. Simon 10:30—Services at Fowler Hall. Private Lionel Rebhun will conduct the services and Rabbi Simon will preach the serrnon. 5:00—Supper Seminar at ' the Foundation House. 5:00 Tuesday—Bible study club at the House.
These companies are not scMfed^ . uled to visit the campuS’; 'they are interested in students-for employment: B. F. Goodrich Co., Akron, 0,— Interested in B.S., M.S. or- Ph,p. Physicists. Sign in ’Personnel ■ Of- , ifice by Monday, Jan, 10. • H- ‘ ^National Radiator Co., Johnstown, 'Pa.—‘Interested in M.'E., Ch. E. and J|et.E. Sign in Personnel; Office by Monday, Jan. 10. Republic Aviation Cprp. (Indiana Division): Evansville 9, Irid.— Interested in AeE., C.El., oy M.E. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday;, Jan. 12. ’ Colonial Radio Corp.,,Buifalo 7* N. Y.-rr-Intepestad in E.E./ MlE; p.p'd Physicists. Sign in Persorinel Office by Thursday, Jari. 13. Webster Electric Co., Racine Wis. —Interested in E.E. Sign in Personnel Office by Thursday, Jan. ,18> U. S. Industrial Cheniicals, Inc., New York; N. Y.—Interested in Chemists or Ch.E. Sign in Personnel Office by'Friday, Jan. 14. ■ Standard Oil Company of Indiana, Whiting, Ind.—^Interested in B.S. or M.S. in M-E- and V.E. If a sufficient number sign Up; a representative may visit the campus. Sign in Personnel Office,by Friday, Jan. 14. ;
7:30 P.M. Basketball—Indiana ..Fieidhouse 9:00 P.M. Dance Ballroom, Union 9:00 P.M. “Scuttlebutt and Bring”... .Hall of Music
(In, JksL
Thursday at 5:45—Town Hall meeting. Prof. C. B. Murphy will speak on “Social and Religious Conditions in Russia.”
First Christian Church Rev. Doyle Mullen, Minister 9:30—Sunday school will continue the discussion of the negro problem, Alice Fox is the leader. 10:40—Church Service. 5-7^—^^Sunday evening club with the usual 15 cent supper. Monday at 8:30---Meeting of “XII” in the Foundation Room.
Suhvim, SPupM,
Lieut-. Raymond E. Hine
. . . former student'of the Civil Engineering School, was awarded the Navy Cross for extraoi'diriary heroism as a pilot. He shot down a Zero and scored a direct hit on a bomber in a precisely timed attack on two Japanese bombers and six accompanying fighters.
St. Mary’s Catholic Church Rev. Edward Holland, StudentPastor 6:30, 8, 9:30, 11—Mass. 3-6:45 and after 7:15 on Saturday —Confessions. 2:30 Sunday afternoon — Tea dance'in St. Mary’s school auditorium, sponsored by the Newman Club.
Lutheran Students 7:30—Devotional meeting for all Lutheran students In the East Faculty Lounge. Ruth Walker will lead a discussion on “Prayer.”-
Merrill F.„Patrick
. . . former University student, received his promotion to the rank of major in the Army Air Corps. Major Patrick is back in the United States after two years foreign service and is now stationed at Great Bend, Kansas. He was a student in the University in Mechanical Engineering from 1937 to 1939.
sip, the President has decided to keep the Admiral on, despite his age.
Ford Falls For Nepof-ism
Wesley Foundation Rev. E. R. Balsley, Minister 9:30—Sunday School. 10:40 — Worship Service. Dr. Steele will speak on “The Rule of God.” Thei-e will be an anthem by the choir and a solo by Dr. W. S. Gillam. „ 5:15—Fellowship supper. Young Peoples’ Society of the Salem Reformed Evangelical Church will be guests. 6:00—Panel discussion led by two members of each group. Subject is “Who Compose Minority Groups.” 7:00—Closing worship.
St. John’s Episcopal Church Rev. R. F. Thornton, Rector 8 a. m.—Holy Communion. , 9:00—Holy Communion. Special for students and Army and Navy personnel followed by bi'eakfasLili" 'ihe parish house. 10:45—Holy Communion and ser-
Roger Williams Foundation West Lafayette Baptist Church 6:30 Sunday—Dr; Frank Hall will speak on “Where Do We Go From Here?” A 20 cent lunch will be served at 5:30.
MAKE MILLER'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS
Records (popular and classicall Sheet music (latest hits) instruments and Accessories Instrument Repairing
MJILER MUSIC CO.
514 Main
Lafayette
Phone 7917
In his eleven efficient years as a member of Congress, the record of dignified Representative Tom Ford of Los Angeles has been excellent. At long last, however, the California Democrat has ^'iven in to nepotism.
Ever since Mr. Ford came to Washington in early 1933,. his secretary, Amy M. Ghent, a middle-aged lady, has served him loyally." Most of the time, Mrs. Ghent had no assistant and shouldered her arduous duties alone. For this, in recent years, she was paid $2,900 a year. Meanwhile, Congressman Ford has maintained another secretary, Florence Reynolds, at $3,600 a year in his Los Angeles office, to handle local political matters. .Some time ago, Mrs. G<h*^nt hftd a shock. Her husband died. Recently, she had another shock. Though dependent entirely on her own earning capacity, she was informed by Mr. Ford that, after January 1,1944, her services no longer would be needed. In her place, Congressman Ford said, he planned to install his sis-ter-in-law, Florence Cummings. The Californian kept his word. His sister-in-law is now on the payroll, while Mrs. Ghent had to depart after eleven years of loyal service. NOTE: Congressman Ford does not plan to run for re-election.
_ ■ Oeeaa-big .. .Typfeobn-vi^^t... ' TNTj^^Hfic^.This story'of f a United States Subtnarme, her Skipi^er and her. Crew!
Goebbels Hits Washington
Herr Goebbel.s.Athe Nazi propagarida boss, has hit on a new theme tp incite the German public—“slums' and “disease epidemics” in Washington. On Christmas Day, Goebbels gave put a fantastic broadcast on this subject, based on an article in the American Mercury. ^ The broadcast, picked up by the monitoring service of the Federal Communications Commission on a short wave to the United States, declared that “50 percent O'f the (Washington’s) population live in slum conditions. ... Venereal diseases are raging, while the large number of immigrants have brought tuberculosis to the over-populated parts of Washington.” It is true that Congressman D’Alesandro of Maryland, chairman of a District of Columbia sub-commit-tee, reported that half of the capital’s population live in sub-standard housing. However, health officials point out that typhoid, typhus and diphtheria are virtually extinct in the capital, while the Army has commeridpd the D. C. government for keeping down venereal disea.se. Anyway, local health authorities are furious at the American Mercury for giving Goebbels something to
shoot at.
(Copyright,. 1944, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) .
AEmi MARS
SUNDAY - MONDAY
EAST SIDE KIDS
'KID DYNAMITE^
■ and -—
BURGESS MEREDITH CLARE TREVOR
— ALSO — PGPEYE CARTOON
LAST TIMES TODAY "FRONTIER FURY" "OVER MY DEAD BODY"
"SECRET SERVICE IN DARKEST AFRICA" PATHE NEWS
I--Richard AINlfY Patricia DANE ’Sam LEVENE Jimtuy
Thurston HALL Lena HORNE Hazel SCOTT
Screen Play by
“ Id St
SIg Herzig and Frea Saldi
LAST TIMES TODAY.
GENE AUTRY
'MEXICALi ROSE' A Re-Release
— PLUS —
St^rt'ing TOMORROW
- LAST TIMES TODAY ~ THOUSANDS GH€€R CHAMPION ALL-STAR CAST!
IN TECHNICOLOR
fv; •tl':
-my.
n.,vi-:'.s
ti I H l»''
idiufddy, January S] 1944
Hi \£
oilfrmakers To Meet Hoosiers Here Tonight
Good's Youthful Teain
»..j- - . , .
Invades Riveter Court
i|p#€k»s ^fltoion face
J-ij’^ ■ ui /' ^i|!- <;/ ' . A ..i 4 », >
llorthweisterii Today
ss «*'■ S rf
»j irw,p ,qiv.lURtis seven service ""' ’ '' ' L, , ..... ' ’ slated'to etart in the 121 It), bout to fcfei^wsmt the Biv- ^ student. ift§ opetiing match ©^ve .is one of the most promising iof .season 'this afternoon Chinese wrestlers that Reeck has the Jldpldhopse. -The meet, which ever had. Sam Johnson, a Navy at8a’t‘'atS,olcloc!k,'wiU V-1'2 trainee, will compete in the fiijifl'^’BPliier.ml^ers'pdtted a,gaihst 12^8 lb. clash, while Bob Armstrong, priidf^'tSieitorongest squads ever to the other civilian picked to start, Isi^rfebent 'Niimthwestern; - will enter the 135 ib. event. Dan In announcing his team Reeck Netterscheim, the only Boilermaker iyas definite on four of the eight veteran on the team, will wrestle in j^psitions. He is set on his selec- the 14B lb. classi Ntettersoheim, who
is now studying under the Navy 'V-12 program, was runnei’-up in last year’s conference 136 lb. cham-
pionship event. ■ ^ ’ Newt Copple, statio'ned here with
fepnfe for the 121, 128, 136, 145 lb. matches, but is undecided as to who ||dirill start in the'.' heavyweight l^atches, namely,' 1’56, 106,-175 lb.
Jlnd heavyweight.
the Navy V-5 flyers, or Bob ^Roberts, another V-12 boy, will enter the ring as the Boilermaker representative in the first of the heavyweight matches, the 165 lb. contest. Copple or Jack Scheppard, who is a member of the marines studying at the University, will take on the Northwestern man selected to participate in the 165 lb. tilt, while Joe Hirsch, another marine, or Scheppard will be seen in action in the 176 lb. boi).t. In the last match, the heavyweight event. Bob Humphreville, a marine, or Hirsch will be the Riveter entry. Scheppard wrestled with last year’s Iowa team, Copple with Nebraska and Hirsh with Franklin and Marshall College. The afternoon’s program will consist of eight matches. Each match is scheduled for nine" minutes unless a fall it achibved by^ one of the contestants before > that time has
elapsed.
Grandstand Echoes
]^y Russ Lipes
Editor’s Note: Today’s column was written -by' Jim Ackermanj associate sports editor. Don’t Mist the Game Tonight At' 7:30 tonight another" one of those basketball games which students usually wait all season to see will be played. When the Hoosiers invade the Fieldhouse court they will try to win their seventeenth victory and revenge the upset that the Boilermakers caused last year when Coach Lambert’s team knocked therti off 61 to 38. Last year the Indiana game'provided the most exciting contest of the whole season with plenty of smart, fast basketball and a few fisticuffs to add to the amusement of the spec-
tators.
to the 4th War Loan The Saturday Evening Post and Loeb’s, Loeb & Hene Company Present TRIBUTE TO THE UNCONQUERABLES
FREE TO EVERY BOND BUYER AT LOEB'S NEXT WEEK
1. A set of five full-color repioductions of Joseph Auslander’s Open Letters, to the Unconquerables, suitable for framing, will be presented to each purchaser of a $25 War Bond or more.
2. B> arrangement with the Am-' bassadors — important literature describing activities in the various occupied countries will be presented to each purchaser of a $25 Bond or more.
3. Fach Bond buyer will receive, free, a folder giving a biographical sketch of Joseph Auslander, and the story of how the Open Letters to the Unconquerables came to be written.
KEEP BACKING THE ATTACK! With these fighting words the U. S. Treasury Department opens The Fourth War Loan on January 18th. As a'fitting prelude, leading up to ahd into this great victory effort, Loeb’s is proud to present Tribute to the Unconquerables — a nationwide War Bond drive, co-sponsored by The Saturday Evening Post, and beginning January 10th. ' This coast-to-coast drive is inspired by Poet Joseph 'Auslander’s magnificent Open Letters to the Unconquerables which millions have recently read in The Saturday Evening Post. Auslander’s Letters have brought home to the people of this nation the vivid, stark picture of the sacrifice made by tens of millions in the ravaged, war-torn lands. And the purpose of this drive, and The Fourth War Loan, is to impress our people with the great need for sacrifice now — to keep the attack rolling — to release these nations to fight — to speed victory for all. N See our dramatic tvindow displays honoring Greece, Czechoslovakia, The Netherlands, Poland, Norway, France, Belgium, Yugoslavia, huxemhurg, Denmark. You Are Cordially Invited to Join Promiment Leaders of This Community Paying Tribute to the Unconquerable Nations MONDAY, JANUARY 10th, at 10:15 A. M. Speeches, Music, Entertainment at our Main Floor Victory Booth If unable to attend listen to WASK for this program, 10:15 to 10:45
Bonds Purchased at Our Victory Booth Next Week Are Credited to Tippecanoe Countfs 4th War Loan Dri ve.
Open Big Ten Season Here The game this year is expected to be another thriller, as both teams will start the game on about even caliber as far as the dope bucket is concerned. The Hoosiers, under the leadership of Coach Harry Good, who left Indiana State Teachers College yvith a very impressive record to take over the Indiana reins when Branch McCracken left to join the Navy, have won five games and lost two. On paper the Boilermakers look stronger than Lndia^na as far as individual player talent is concerned, hut the recent losses have about evened the positions of both teams. Grapplers Open Season During the afternoon the wrestlers under the tutelage of Claude Reeck will open the season against the Wildcats of Northwestern. The matches will be held on tl^e basketball floor of the Fieldhouse at 3 p. m. and the public is invited. Last night Coach Reeck stated he did not know how they would fare against Northwestern as he did not know their strength, but it would be the Wildcats’ only chance to heat them. Reeck figures that hy the time the Riveters have had a little more practice and a few meets under their belts that most teams will have an awful hau'd time defeating them. Illinois, Northwestern, Wisconsin
Will Be Tough
After looking over the pre-con-ference records of the Big Ten schools it looks as if the Riveters are going to have a mighty tough egg to crack with such powerful teams as Illinois, Northwestern and Wisconsin throwing their hats into the ring. The Boilermakers have not won the title since 1940 and if Piggy can bring the boys around they will be a strong contender for the throne this season, as the talent, with the exception of a big center, is as good as it has been in the
past few years.
Illinois has another of the stiong squads which have gained possession of the title for the past two years. The beginning of the week the mini turned back a revamped
ROY BRANDENBURG Indiana Guard
Wisconsin five 45-43 in an overtime. If they beat the Badgeis again last night, the Illiiii will be haid to keep away fiom the title. Northwestern has Otto Graham back, the boy who stars not only on the gridiron but also on the coiut. Graham has been the runner-up in Big Ten scoring foi the past two seasons. Wisconsin has Russ Wendland, last year’s Northwestern captain and one of the guards who starred for the DePauw team against the Riveteis in the first game of the season. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
HEY, HAVE YOU HEARD THE NEWS? EVERYBODY IS GOING to the CAFETERIA FOR DINNER!! SO MAKE IT A DATE TO MEET YOUR FR TENDS AT THE CAFETERIA IN THE UNION FOR DINNER TONIGHT. NUTRITIOUS FOOD ECONOMICALLY PRICED
JhL fiwidwL TJfhrmirdcxL lAnJmL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
By .lohn Gratza Tonight the Boilei’maker cage team will play host to the Indiana quintet on the home floor, 'This will be the first home conference for the Riveters, their second conference game of the current season and the fir.st for their Hoosiers. The youthful team which Indiana will'biing here will be composed of 16 freshmen and four upperclassmen. Beginning with an all freshman team in their first few games, the Hoosiers showed a fighting ball club which may be hard to beat in the conference. The Hoosiers defeated the Little Giants of lYabash by a huge score and were defeated by the strong Kentucky five by a small margin. The Indiana quintet ajso knocked off Camp Atterbuiy twice. Earnhart, Tipton Lost to Service Two of the stars of the original Hoosier team have already been lost to the aimed seiwiees. They are Don Earnhart and George Tipton, both of whom w^ie high point men for the Hoosiers. Coach Harry Good, who succeeded Branch McCracken when he received a commission in the Navy, came from Indiana Central College^ where he won 190 games and lost only 52 since 1928. Coach Good wilt probably rely on Paul Shields and Claude Retherford at forwards, Peed at center, Roy Brandenburg and Sam Young at guards- Jack Meicer may also see action at the guard position. Hoosiers Have Height Although the Indiana five is young it aveiages over six feet in height. Last year Shields, 6 ft. 2 in., played for Monrovia High School, where he averaged’ over 16 points a game. Retherford, 6 ft., was an all-Orange County player last season. Brandenburg, 5 ft. 10 in., is supposed to be the fastest man on the Hoosier team. He played for Coiydon High School last year. Young, 6 ft. 2 in., has a medical dischaigc fiom the Aimy. A graduate fiom Rushville, Sam was one of the 20 all-state basketball players 111 1941. After being defeated by the Hoosrevs in the first game of.last year’s season, 53-35, the Boilermakers came back with a 41-38 victory to kill Indiana’s conference-leading aspirations. You may remember, in tiue Hoosier-Boilermaker fashion, the game was a thriller, with Biggs and Logan exchanging blows dining the game. Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Individualized Cleaning Service Always remember this— i| the cleaning which is perfectly satisfactory for a plaia garment may not suffice for a gaily bespangled frock or a fur-trimmed coat. Remember, too, that many garments which actually look plain and simple are made of these new-fangled synthetic materials, and require 5 w'hat you might call EXTRA
special cate.
The clothes you now have', must last you LONGER '*
you
Take no chances. Discuss with us in advance every garment concerning which ! there may be any doubt, • F ^ Kindly return a coat-, hanger with each garmeniJy you send.
PHONE 3085., IMERICAN
;SANIT^N5 CUAK5R5
1 < "UTi/ " "'fYi '1 'T
d, ■Isi
- IK' fiK-ia -—'- WMl’ igi % ■“"■ '•'^ I* a'rmy, Nam Manna Nem
^ t li f
j 4
For Service Men, By Service Men
Saturday, January 8, 194S
j
'amera Club o Hold Callout
JhjL 3buuduj^ £aq^
Camera Club will hold a callout esday at 4 16 p in in the Student Sion office, loom 368 The club
By Jay Newman, A S , USNR
prs the use of the daik looms and Slpment and the advice of exjfienced photogiapheis Membeiis open to anyone on the cam- : who IS inteiested Itisnotnec-
efeary to own a cameia
pl\.n election of officei s will be held a^the meeting All old members aie lilted to attend This is not the ujSial time foi elections, but due to t||e draft boards and giaduation the s^ff of officei s has become depleted "me meeting will be undei the diiS^ion of Bob Holmes and Betty f itley. Student Union vice presi-
S ixer Will Feature I Jive' As Theme
^‘GI Jive” will be the theme of the ■^lon mixei tonight fiom 9 to 12 18 the noith balliooni^ in accoi dance iMth a new policy of having a dif :^ent theme foi each Satuiday rt^ht dance, accoi ding to Bob ^Imes Lowell Meade, featuiing H^ty Hilton as vocalist, will pio ■\^e the music in the noith ball iptem, which will be open only to
copies
rBackdiop of the dance will fea tiSce a caricatuie of the aveiage GI Mauiy Mahn will play foi the f hceis 111 the south balliooni,
ich is foi stags only
l^OUSES CUT
^Anothei change to come in Navy uniforms is reported bv the Sand tint Naval Station Static and will the foi 111 of cutting the um jumpei 01 middle blouse ’
i)m 4 to 6 inches
One waim day last Novembei there came a knock on Lt Somers’ door “Come in,” responded the welfare officei Seaman Geiiy Nadler, sir ” “What’s on youi mind’” asked the lieutenant “I’d like to produce a Navy show in answer to ‘Khaki on the Campus,’ sir ” “Fine Whei e’s the sci ipt ’ ” “Uh, there isn’t any yet, sir ” “Well, what’s the plot’” “Well, there isn’t any yet, sir ” “What IS there then’” questioned the perplexed Lt Somers “Well,” grinned Gerry, ‘ I’ve thought of a name We’ll call it ‘Scuttlebutt and Brine’ ”
^Try Exponent Classified’
And that’s how “Scuttlebutt and Brine” got its start We won’t swear it happened exactly like that, but you get the idea, anj/way It didn’t progress much farther for a while until Gerry ran into Jim Dag gy, AS, who said he wouldn’t mind helping out with the script They put then heads together, whipped up the plot and wrote the script for the first act Then the idea began to catch on and pretty, soon there was a bunch of sailors offering til’ll services as actors comedians stage handsj etc JSText came all the work of wanting rewriting hear sfng and le^ieaising capped by the mad rush of the past week when it Looked as if they d never get done in time They did it though and the show you 11 see tonight is a honey in all respects All of the woik done by the 75 sailors and marines invohed was done on their own time Nobody was excused from anything (Not offitiallj, anyway ) Fortunately, they are getting paid for it—$50 a
month The same 50 that you get foi going to see it There is a surprising amount of talent m the show lohn Mix, who plays the part of a girl named Margie, IS so sexy that the rest of the boys kept forgetting their lines at the first dress rehearsal John’s the lad who cranks the motion picture machine in naval org classes. When he gets his black wig on and dons a properly padded formal, you can’t blame the boys for forgetting their lines Another gentleman to keep your eye on is Jack Lamprecht He plays the part of the sailor ‘Brine ” At the rehearsal Wednesday he had people laughing who had seen him in that part for the last month A bulk of the credit for producing the play must go to Gerry Nadler Jim Daggy, who is the business manager, should have had a place in the cast He did agree to be understudy, though, which piakes us half heaitedly wish that someone will get sick tonight so that we can see Jim do his stuff He’s supposed to be excellent with a capital X The thud act of “Scuttlebutt and Brine” was written by Seaman Henry Schieider Because this act IS like ‘ Hellzapoppin” and then some it has been rumored that he was a pharmacist second class be fore joining the V 12 program He once wrote a play and offered it to the Navy for production on Br^d way But it would have cost $25 000 to produce and so his offei tvas re gretfully rejected The marines will be mainly re sponsible for success ot Act II Ihe scene is laid in a night club and all sorts of entertainers are provided with a legitimate excuse to come out
and do their stuff Among the best that we could spot Wednesday night was a mai me quartet oJ three men Iheie was once a fouith man but he dropped out And so they are introduced as ‘ the only three man quai tet in the country ” They sing without any background music, conctntialing on soft swing Best of all IS ‘riaming Mamie ” There are far too many fellows who do a bang up job for us to mention them all Let them know however, that they’re in a show worthy of many more performances than the single one it will get tonight And if you think we’re prejudiced because it’s Navy stuff you’re not as dumb as you look
Notices
SDX Important discussion mcetinK will be held Tuesday Jan 11 at 5 p m m Exponent office —MURPHY
All Students Alpha 7eta aKiicutture hon oraiy will sponsor a speech contest in Agri cultural Hall Saturday Jan 8 at 6 80 p m All pledges will participate Anyone inter ebted in competing please see me —POPE
Staff Members and Paculty An invitation has been extended by the cast of Scuttle butt and Brine the coming navy show to all faculty and staff membera The show begins at 9 p m Saturday Jan 8 in the Music Hall —HOCKEMA
All Senate Workers Senate workem ar^ needed desperately from 1 30 to 4 30 p ms Saturday Jan 8 to type copy for the hands book —KlfJG
Camera Club There will be a callout anj an election of officers Tudsday Jan 11 aw 4 IB p m m loom 368 of the Union AH’ members please attend —^HOLMltS
SCA Board meeting postponed until Tues day Jan 11 —BRYANT
Lutheran Students Devotional meeting on Sunday evening Januai’y 9 at 7 30 in the East I acuity Lounge ot the Union -WALKER
Theta Alpha Phi Meeting Tuesday Jan* 11 at 5 46 p m in the Union Give some thought to the projects before coming to th4 meeting —DELONG
Alpha Lambda Delta Party and meeting for all membeis at the University Church at 1 30 p m Saturday Jan 8 New membe;rs bring dues —MINER
Alpha Zeta Meetting for all Alpha Zeta members Jan 10 at 7 30 p m in the as sembly room of Ag Hall There will be a speaker and refreshments Pledges be there at 6 45 —SHERVyOOD
All Former Scouts and Scouters Alpha Plu Omega National Scouting Honorary In^ vites you to attend an open meeting at 8 p m on Wednesday Jan 12 26J, of the Union —WINKLER
Alpha Phi Omega Open meeting at 8 p m Wednesday Jan 12 in room 261 of the Union We will have a short business meet ing aftei the speech —WlNlCLER
Kapp Delta Pi Formal initiation Monday at 6 p m m loom 105 of the Education build mg Banquet follows initiation at 5 45 p m —WENDELL
ASME Meeting at 7 89 p m Wcdnesdfty* Jan 12 in room 108 of Mechanical Engi- ' neering building A film in color hbout th® Boeing flying fortress will be
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Catholic Students You are all invited to the Newman Club tea dance to be held Sun doy Jan 9 in St Mary a auditorium from 2 30 until 6pm Come stag or bring a date Refreshments —ANDERSON
Gimlet Club There will be an important! meeting Wednesday Jan 12 at 7 30 p m at the ATO house Plans for party will be discussed in addition to other business —RICHARDSON
Classified Ads
Money to Loan—On diamonds watches guns luggage, typewriters Alberts Loan Office 407 Columbia
Typewriters—Adding machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeo graph work done C P Ebershoff 605 Mam Lafayette Phone 2779
lost—Helbros militaiy wrist witch with metTl link band A1 o black cameo img steiling mo mt Left in mens washroom across from Sweet Shop Saturday evenings Christmas presents from tamily Reward Please notify Pvt Cdil Hartla$,o Ist Pla oon Co E N Cary Hnll
Wanted—Gul student to work m Chest nut loom Purdue Memorial Un on
Wanted—Students to woik at Puidue Memoiiil Unj r Cafeteiia Apply Cafeteria off ce
Lost—S Idle t n I llloll containing $17 pa sport N Y state license Finder plea e call 41611 Rewai 1
Lost—Lady gol 1 lapel watch n Union Satur lay evert ng Rewai d 6 00 phone 209 Univtrs t\
Lost—log Lt'"’ D pkx Decitng Slide Rule' an 1 el cn eng/ eenng book Satu day nooi m cdf(t in Please cal! 10 84 Rtwai 1 Or d In 1 to i 1 State Str et
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
Plan to Attend:
Hear Outstanding Speakers Discuss Topics of Current Interest
April 11 — Dr. Waller Johnson, “PhilosopTiers of American Democracy”
April 25—Rabbi S. Felix Mendelsohn, “The Psychology of Jewish Humor”
May 17—Dean Charles R. Brown, “The Present Demand for Moial Courage”
Jan 18—Di. Haridas Muzumdar, “The Shape of Things to Come”
Feb. 8—Dr. Harry A. Overstreet, “Adjusting Our Lives for the Peace to Come”
March 14'—Dr. Rollo Walter Brown, “Do We Want What We’re Fighting For?”
Season Tickets $1.65 (taxincl.) WESLEV—8 P. M. —FOUNDATION
Obtain Tickets at; Hdlel Foundatiop, 116 Sheetz. Phone 2234 Wesley Foundation, 435 State. Phone 6976
BOOKS "" / GIFTS
/
/
STATIONERY ATHLETIC SUPPLIES OFFICE SUPPLIES
AND EQUIPMENT
vy
Follow Our Boilermakers Rest and Relax
SojuJJuojNdliL
at the
Decker's Inc.
diobiL 3ou}l£fL.
Blue Blazer
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
Walnut Room Cafe O.U. Pipes, '31
SMALL ENOUGH to personalize its service to you, yet LARGE ENOUGH to offer you the largest stock of USED AND NEW TEXTS Complete Students Supply
Get Your— STATIONERY and SUPPLIES of ALL KINDS
University Book Store
Phone 2192
356 State
Graves Quality Bakery
PURDUE BASKETBALL
PURDUE
ShsmL and, fiaibiisA,
Name Lodge Horn Gustafson Kennedy Frazier Haag Friend
*)■
HARDWARE, PAINTS and SUNDRIES
Edgerton Hardware
INDIANA
No. Name 33. Shielas 7. Tipton 5 Peed 19. Young 37. Brandenburg
E. W.^VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 West Lafayette
SANDWICHES and Soft Drinks Also CURB SERVICE
Waitl (I’lgiiy) I ambtit
TRIPLE XXX
Corner of Salisbury and Mam
■nwaannimiiiMiiiiiiii'iiiiiiir Get the Bestl
SPORTS EOUtPMENT
M
For Spring Sport Activities See Pete McConnell at
4th Street Annex
When You Are in Trouble, Call PETER ANDERSON CO.
GOODYEAR TIRES and BATTERIES 24 HOUR SERVICE Corner of Sixth and Alabama Phone 4048
Everything for a College Education
DEAL’S
-
f
r'
VII
U )