IHE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Occasional rain today and tomorrow; warmer today colder tomorrow.
Purdue Exponent
Z-185
SATURDAY Mordt Ih 1930 lodfayette/ Indicntt VoL 50 No. 135
Through the Ether
Beginning this week, University Radio Club Station W9YB will exchange news'.of interest with other schools throughout the United States for use in papers of the respective schools. This service has been designed to further the exchange of ideas and to publicize the accomplishments of the universities involved. Radio Club is starting this exchange service to replace the personal message service which was discontinued at the start of the second semester. Interest in the free personal communication service offered to the student body was not great enough to warrant the continuation of the work. Universities now taking part in the news exchange include Lehigh, Illinois, Iowa, Cincinnati, Washington State College, and Purdue. Other schools may be added to the network as their clubs make the necessary arrangements. University Of Illinois Champaign-Urbana, 111., (W9ZOL) —Twenty-seven chromium tubes in what appears to be a movable bar constitute the heart of the new allwave radio receiving and recoding set now being used at the Illinois University speech correction clinic. The equipment is used to determine speech faults as well as to record radio addresses for use in the teaching program. To date recordings have been made of speeches by President Roosevelt, Adolph Hitler, Eduard Benes, and others. Much of the use of the recorder is based on the findings that allowing stuc^nts to hear their own voice is an aid in the correction of vocal faults, and on the facilities for noting improvement by the preservation of all records of all stages of correction. University Of Iowa Iowa City, la., (W9IO)—The University of Iowa greets Purdue University on the initial exchange of news between the two universities and invites all loyal Purduvians to join in the celebx’ation of Mecca at Iowa City on March 16 and 17. At this celebration, the annual engineering celebration at the University, friends of Iowa will dance to Tommy Tucker’s Orchestra on Friday, elect a queen on Saturday. Lehigh University Bethlehem, Pa.—A committee of the senior class of Lehigh University has presented a plan to the class whereby a super-endowment may be left the University. The plan calls for the seniors to invest in 20 year endowment insurance policies. Each subscriber pays about 12 dollars per year for 20 years, and at the end of the period the University will receive about $40,000 if 160 subscribers complete the plan. PI A Sponsors Tea Dance Today Ai 3 Recordings will furnish the music for the PIA tea dance this afternoon in the Union ballroom from 3 to 5:30. All co-eds and members will be admitted free; while nonmembers are required to pay an admissjpn fee of 10 cents. Stags must report to the PIA office before attending the dance. Dr. Shreve Will Display Gem Colledion Tomorrow Dr. R. Norris Shreve, metallurgist of the Chemical Enrineering school, will display his famous collection natural and synthetic gems tomorrow evening befqre the Student Forum in the Westminster House. A cordial invitation is extended to all students by the Rev. Findley, student pastor.
Hammond High School ^ Big Ten Swim Meet Wins Debate Tournament
Hammond high school debaters captured four of five division championships to win the fourth annual Indiana District National Forensic League tournament at the close of its two day session yesterday in the Memorial Union Building. One hundred twenty-six contestant from eleven high schools competed for championships in the five divisions which included : Extemporaneous speaking, original oratory, oratorical declamation, dramatic declamation, and humorous declamation. Hammond high school debaters-
captured four of five division championships to win the fourth annual Indiana District National Forensic League tournament at the close of its two day session yesterday in the
Memorial Union Building.
One hundred twenty-six contestants from eleven high schools competed for championships in the five divisions which included: Extemporaneous speaking, original oratory, oratorical declamation, dramatic declamation, and humorous decla-
mation.
Championship In the sweepstakes championship, which was decided on the basis of the school winniiig the most points in all divisions, Hammond placed first; Wiley of Terre Haute, second; and North Side of Fort Wayne,
third.
Winning debaters in each division were as follows: Extemporaneous speaking: first, Julius Pewowar, Hammond; second, Harold Katz, Wiley; third, Nancy Black, Hammond. Original speaking: first. Media Pierce, Logansport; second, Charles Perine, North Side of Fort Wayne; third, Margaret Fellows, North Side. Oratorical declamation: first, Betty Spaulding, Hammond; third, Margaret Fellows, North Side. ^ Dramatic declamation:^ first, Elaine Hirsh, Wiley; second, Ruth Kaun, Hammond; third, Virginia Grath, North Side. Humorous declamation: first, June Demerling, Hammond; second, James Leahy, LaPorte; third, Martha Lodson, Wiley. California Trip First place winners in the five divisions are qualified for the National Speech Tournament to be held in Beverly Hills, Calif., June 19-23. Individual winners received championship banners, while the schools they represented gained possession of permanent trophys. Prof. P. E. Lull, of the University speech department, served as host to the visiting debaters. Lull, L. S. Winch, R. M. Horn, A. H. Monroe, and R. D. King, all of the English department, served as debate judges. T. D. Reed, coach of the winning Hammond team and originator of the tournament, was chairman of the conference.
294 Register For Prom Permits; Sales To Close Mar. 25 Two hundred and ninety-four juniors and seniors registered for Junior Prom permits yesterday in the Union lobby. Petitioners have until March 18 to _get their per-
mits.
G. T. Henderson, ME ’40, gained the honor of getting the number one permit by virtue of being the first in a line of nearly 300 students. However, Bennie Burns, chairman of the Prom committee, stated that no preference will be given to those who register first. Payments for the permits must be made by March 25. At that time the committee will decide, after considering student opinion, whether or not the list of prom petitioners should be limited and if so, how and to what number. When it is decided how many will be eliminated, the list will be divided by that number, and the names of those listed at the intervals determined by the resulting quotient dropped. Competition for the best Prom decoration plans will be open until March 16. All students are eligible to enter the contest. Plans should include backdrop, entrance, wall designs, and an estimate of the cost, which is not to exceed $200. Details were announced previously in the
Exponent.
H. L. Heimlich Will Review Township History Tomorrow Members of Tippecanoe County Historical Society will hear a talk by H. L. Heimlich, at its meeting tomorrow at 3 p. m. at the Tippecanoe County Historical Museum. Mr. Heimlich, city editor of the Lafayette Journal and Courier, will talk about “The History of Wabash Township and West Lafayette.” Another feature of the program for the day will be “The History of Lauramie Township,” presentd by Miss Alameda McCollouh.
Pathe News, motion pictdre newsreel corporation, will have a representative on the campus today to photograph the Big Ten swimming meet being held in the University
Fieldhouse this week-end.
Anthony Caputo, Pathe cameraman, comes directly to West Lafayette from Cleveland, O., where he has been' covering the National
Bowling Conference.
Cotillion Committee Announces Sellout Of Dance Tickets Sophomore Cotillion committee announced last night that all tickets have been sold for the dance Friday, Mai’ch 17, in the Union ballroom. To avoid delay, all ticketholders are urged to obtain their programs as eai'ly as possible at the check room in the Union. Programs will be given out only upon the presentation of program stubs on the tick-
ets.
The programs have blue leather covers upon which a top hat and a cane are impressed. Directly below, the word “Cotillion” appears in gold lettering. In the lower right hand corner, the Purdue seal is embossed in gold. Women's Club Will Give Tea, Exhibit Hobbies Tuesday Fifty exhibits displaying results of the hobbies of the members of the Purdue Women’s Club will be displayed Tuesday afternoon from 3 to 5 in the Union ballroom. Tea will be served to the members in the Chestnut Room. Antique glass, brasses, china, pottery, and paintings will be among the exhibits, “almost none of which will be duplicated,” according to Mrs. G. C. Blalock, chairman of the committee in charge of the hobby show. Preceding the show at 2:30, the annual business meeting of the club will be held to elect a vice-president, treasurer, and membership secretary.
Legislature Raises Purdue Operation^ Maintenance Allowance 12.5 Per Cent Increasing" funds available for operation and maintenance of the University by 12.5 per cent, the annual budget bill passed by the closing session of the Indiana legislature Tuesday, granted Purdue $2,150,000 a year fV each of the next two years. In the budget request the University had asked for $2,340,000, or an increase of 20 per cent over the previous grant, to meet the 23 per cent enrollment increase of the past two years, but the request was pared down to 12.5 per cent. The previous two-year budget allottment amounted to $1,890,000 a year. Repeal Improvement Fnnd
. . . Eng. ’42, who was injured in a two story fall from a fraternity house window Wednesday night, will be released from St. Elizabeth’s hospital in a few days according to authorities there. X-rays disclosed no serious injuries.
230 Graduate From Ag Short Course; Elliott Makes Award Two hundred and thirty students were presented certificates yesterday by President E. C. Elliott for having successfully completed this year’s short course in Agriculture. Of the 230 graduating, 21 were granted their certificates with honor, and four of these top ranking students received special scholarship awards. Those receiving scholarships were: Gordon H. Craft, Kinsbury; E. A. Coley, Madison; Raymond E. Umbaugh, Argos; and Robert C. Wahl, Defiance, 0. Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the division of education and applied psychology, gave the main address. Commencement program was under the supervision of Acting Dean V. C. Freeman of the school of Agriculture. Music for the occasion was furnished by a 20-piece winter course orchestra and a 30-vo'ice winter course glee club. WRH Dinner To Honor Distinguislied Co-eds The Women’s Residence Halls will act as host at a dinner to be given for 18 distinguished students and faculty and staff guests, Sunday afternoon at 1 o’clock. Among the guests of honor will be President Edward C. Elliott and Dean Dorothy C. Stratton. Following the dinner, coffee will be served in the living rooms of both halls in honor of the distinguished students, and to give the faculty an opportunity to become better acquainted with the residents of the halls. Of the 18 distinguished students to be honored, 11 are from North Hall, while seven are from South Hall.
'Let's Play Ball Together’— Sahhagh
“Let’s play ball together,” Professor E. M. Sabbagh, dark, bushy 'haired, heavy eyebrowed instructor of the electrical engineering school, urges students in his electrical machinery classes. “Students are our products, and they are human beings,” he says. “If we know them well, we can help and advise them and be accepted into their confidence. As a rule I believe they are eager for knowledge and the friendship of their instructors.” Such a bond would obviously be an incentive for more interest in the classroom. Along the lines of interest. Professor Sabbagh makes a strong stand. “There is no use of teaching if you can’t make the students love the subject,” is the way he puts it. “Not only must the instructor be interested in his work, but he must keep the material up to date. He should let the students see what is being done and what there/iis yet to be done.” He evidenipd the belief that the realization of progress yet to be made in industrial developments of the subject at hand will be of great value in arousing student interest. No Repetition Professor Sabbagh niakes sure
that no question is answered twice in the same way. Thus, the persistent explaining for the benefit of those slow to learn will not become dull to pupils who understand the first discussion. The professor is known for his patience in explaining ideas and set-ups. He almost always announces his tests in advance, although he reserves the right to spring them as a surprise if he chooses. More On Tests Tests are usually given at the end of every chapter, if a text is used in the course. Professor Sabbagh takes into consideration the fact that students are nervous on tests because they recognize them for what they are. Dailies come once or twice each week in the courses which make use of textbooks, but board work replaces these in his lecture courses. Board work, under the direction of a watchful instructor, is the Professor’s idea of one of the best teaching methods. In this type work, the student’s attention can be called to the little errors and mistakes due ''to thoughtlessness. According to him, a certain per-
centage of absences in somg courses, is all right but the continual absence of the few who take advantage of the voluntary attendance rule tends to make the instructors harder on all students. In short, the instructors will set prohibitive make-up standards to eliminate the habitual class cutters, and thus will unfairly restrict those who may have good reasons for being absent some time during the semester. In his own classes, Sabbagh allows no make-ups on tests and likes to see a doctor’s excuse for an absence. The students, however, do not receive zero for the test missed, but lose all possibility of gaining an exemption from the final examination. Asks Questions “I teach by asking questions,”
Good Teaching* . . . and the personalities of those at Purdue who possess this art will receive recognition in the series of articjles being published in these columns. This is the second of the series.
he answered to a question regarding classroom and laboratory technique. “When students hit upon a problem, I ask them questions that lead to the answer.” In his pet laboratory course, described as “the best course students could take,” each group in the laboratory has its own experiment, none of which are fixed. The students are given information about a technical problem, much as they would be “out in industry.” Then they are placed on their own initiative to find the trouble and make a report. According to Professor Sabbagh, students take more interest in subjects that are conducted in this man-
ner.
As to grades, his comment was, “You can’t split hairs. If a student is on the line between a B and a P, I will give him the B. It is inhuman to grade by methods that result in percentages running into decimals. The only way such a close judgment of a person’s ability on tests could be made, would be to have the questions graded separately by each of large group of instructors and take an average of the results.” (Continued on page 4)
Partially offsetting this increase in funds, a repeal of the educational improvement fund will take away approximately $250,000 a year formerly available for construction of new buildings. Instead of the mill tax which provided money for state educational institutions, specific appropriations were made this year. For the University these grants amounted to $47,500 the first year, and $95,000 the second year. Additional allotments provided $30,000 for building repairs and $50,000 for the teachers’ retirement fund, inaugurated two years ago. ' County Agents Cut A cut of 10 per cent in the $184,000 act to provide $2,000 a year toward the salary of each of the 92 coimty agricultural agents resulted from the general slash of state expenses. This cut leaves $1,800 to apply to the salary of each of the agents. County agents work under the direction of Agricultural Extension department, and are members of the University staff. Further appropriation measures resulted in reducing the annual $10,000 grant for the Northern Indiana Muck Crops Association to $5,000. This will affect the experimental farm in St. Joseph County, supervised by the University Horticultural department for the muck land farmers in the northern part of the
state.
City Manager Plans Included in miscellaneous legislation affecting the University was a resolution providing that the presidents of Purdue and Indiana Universities and the Governor name members of a commission to study the city manager plan of government. This commission will make recommendations to the legislature at the next session two years hence. An act known as the “Fresh Law” provides for administration by the Agricultural Experiment Station of laws licensing g^rocers, packers and others who wish to Sell eggs as fresh. McCrady To Play For Mixer, Swing Session Harry McCrady and his 12-piece campus orchestra will furnish the musical entertainment for tonight’s regular mixer from 9 to 12, in t^e Union ballroom. McCrady’s boys will also “beat it out” in a swing session from 7 to 8, giving those not attending the mixer a chance to hear his up-and-coming band. Elaine Karris, freshman from Chicago, 111., is the Student Union’s latest find in singing talent. Elaine, who has never sung publicly on this campus, will sing the “Song of the Week” in the swing show, and two other numbers. Harry McCrady has developed a style built around the terrific *Mc^ present in “solid” swing. That, according to McCrady, is the latest in swing vernacular, and describes the new style which he wiU spring at the mixer tonight. Martha Lommel, vocalist with the band, will sing. Lambda (%i Alpha... ... social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: John Harris, president; Joseph Wadsworth, vice-president; Paul Wehrenberg, treasurer; Robert Krull, secretary; Frederick Rosebrock, house manager; and David Rankin, social chairman.£diJba^daL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
3‘aodtjuJiM,
Saturday, March 11, 1939
,*
Factory Methods... ... in teaching has been a gripe of ours in recent editorials, but today we want to praise one plan used by mass production factories. This plan has been suggested by Dean Everett W. Lord, head of Boston University's college of business administration, in a paper on “Student Persistence in American Colleges.” Dean Lord suggests in the following quotation that colleges adopt a “reclamation department” to help out students who fail in their freshman year. “ . . . our colleges annually dismiss from 25,000 to 30,000 registered students for academic failures. Probably the greater number of these young people should never have been admitted to college, but until some more satisfactory method of evaluating the qualifications of applicants is devised, there seems to be little hope of reducing the number of misfits. In the meantime cannot the colleges adopt some method of aiding these unfortunate boys and girls? Should not there be in every college a ‘Reclamation department’ which can undertake to save the large proportion of good intentioned students who fall by the wayside before they are able to acclimate themselves to an academic atmosphere?” Dean Lord has the makings of a good idea there. He did not go farther to describe such a department... but we will take the liberty to give some idea on the subject which might apply to Purdue. In the first place, this reclamation department should go to work on any freshman who fails to make at least 12 hours of B the first semester. At first the department should concern itself solely with freshmen, since they are the ones needing acclimation most. A reclamation department should first attempt to ascertain whether the freshman will ever belong in college. In the case of new students who definitely will never be able to make the grade, or whose interests lie outside college fields, the reclaiming crew should take steps to get these students back into the business world where they belong. It is foolish to encourage or even allow such students to remain the minimum three semesters which the present ruling provides. The reclaimers should be able to convince the misfits they would be better off outside of college. At Purdue many misfits are that because they are taking the wrong course. A reclamation department should act as a counselor to such persons and get them straightened out. The chief purpose of a department such as Dean Lord suggests would be to give freshmen who need it special and complete attention. In most cases these early failures are caused by abnormal conditions of the student’s environment, history, temperament, or natural interests. These ordinarily may be cleared up by a comprehensive counseling service, conducted by trained advisers. Inadequate high school training will be found to be at the bottom of many freshmen’s troubles. This can only be dealt with by a schooling system through which the deficiencies may be made up. Reclaimers should take care of students who come to Purdue and have nothing to show for their first or second semester—they should see to it that no future semesters be wasted. In order that even the first semester not be wasted the reclamation department probably should go to work as soon as yellow slips come out in November. Freshmen who come under the wing of this system should never be discriminated against. They should not be separated into special
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Idifayette, Indiana, under the act ot ConKrcss of hlareh 8. 1879. and at the special rate of postagre provided for in section 1108. act of October 8. 1017. anthorlzed January 20. i022 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier for 88 00 per year, mail subscription $3 60.
Editor-In-Chief _ Business Manager
. H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBUCATION STAFF
Managing Editor —~ L. S. Hardin City Editor _ D. A. Bailey Associate Editors G W. Frederick. E. C Houston. B. E. Insley. W. A. Kroeplin. D. G. Terrio. J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager — _ Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager^ ... —
Sales Manager „
National Advertising Manager
Accounts Manager „
Art Director — _
M. C. Reeves
E M. Antoninl
W. F. Berg V Daugherty JI W Nevfn W E Smith
D J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor Associate Editors-
Editor„ _ — Associate Editors-
_ „ Sally McKee Joy Johnson. Georgeann Schilling. Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
— R. L. McDonald — „ X A Hebbeler.
R Jenkins. R J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D. Memorial Union Building. West Lafayette, Ind Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse. West l^fayette, Ind
Phone 2792
SENTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY
National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative
AZO Madison Ave
New York N Y
CHICAOO Boston Los Anseles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by Die editor-in-chi^
Night Editor—^Frederick Issue Editor—^Willsey Co-ed Editor—Johnson Sports Editor—Hebbeler Saturday, March 11 1939
classes . . . they should never be pointed out as flunkers. The service of the department should be confidential and personal. Freshmen who can’t be made to fit into the Purdue curricula should be dropped as quickly as possible. Others, who do not flunk merely because of lack of brain power, should be more fully oriented and acclimated to the University life. It is a problem m psychology and sociology—a problem whose solution would enable Purdue to turn out a better crop of graduates each year. We realize that this plan is merely a glorification of the present counseling system in use for engineering and science freshmen. Quite probably the senior counselors can competently handle the situation during the first semester. There is a need, however, for more complete counseling of those who have failed to make good after the first semester grades are in. This work should be done by experienced staff members. Right away the objection will come that there is no money to pay for such a department. Perhaps not, but we believe that, as is true in large factories, it would be found economical in the long run. In other words, we believe this department would tend to increase the whole University’s instruction efficiency enough to pay for itself. Elimination or reclamation of misfits will speed up the machinery of education and would produce a happier, more enthusiastic student body—a group with a more avid thirst for knowledge and a higher capacity for leai:ning.
and
By Gcorfaim SchillfaiK
Early to rise, early to bed, makes you healthy, wealthy, and dead Did you know? Only we’re not sure about the wealthy. Anyhow, things are being scheduled around here. Friday mghts for the next three weeks sound interesting. Next week you will be dancing to the music of Happy Felton at the Sophomore Cotillion, the following Friday will bring the gala Union Cabaret Dance, and on the Slst of this month IS the Gold Pepper’s frolic —H-H— Two formals tonight—the Cary Hall dinner-dance and the Pi Kappa Alph ahouse dance. Bill Adams and his band, a new organization on the campus, will play for the Pi Kappa dance at the chapter house Harry McCrady and his band are playing for tonight’s mixer in the ballroom —H-H— Forty-five of the lads irom the DU house are going to Indianapolis tomght for their annual state banquet and dance at the Claypool Hotel. This 16 an unusually laige percentage of membeis to attend a state dance. The Phi Delts and the Sigma Chis are also having similar affairs in our state capital tonight —H-H— Famous Last Bit' Yes, virtue is alwaws applauded, but it seldom gets an encore
Ad Writing Contest Deadline Changed Deadline in the ad writing contest previously announced in the Exponent has been advanced from March 11 to March 13 Open to all, the contest offers a free gift box of six pipes to the person writing the best ad fitting the space provided Among the most important requirements expected of entries is that they be sincere, original, and neat No cuts may be used other than the original logotype appearing in the advertisment. For furthei details see the March 1 issue of the Exponent. Refunds Now Ready For Merit Students Freshmen who won special merit scholai ships in the competitive tests given high school seniors by the University will receive their reward this week Fifty students are selected each yeai fiom within the state and upon entrance in the University, are lequired only to pay a deposit of $10 on their fees If they have been able to pass 14 hours of work during the semester, their deposit is refunded Accoiding to W. W Hollensbe, Univeisity cashier, these freshmen may secure their refund at the office of the cashier in the Executive Building upon presentation of their 1 eceipt
jUNIOR BALLROOM CLASS FOR 8Hi GRADE AND HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS ENROLL TONIGHT, 6:30 P.M. All New Dances Taught including "THE CHESTNUT TREE" PHONE 2150 ADULT BEGINNERS CLASS WED., MARCH 15, 7 00 P. M. AULEN’S 6th & Ferry
ummsitt — LAST DAY—
V ROBERT MoimeMm ^^umsniL ^atu^lPOi
STARTS TOMORROW
MARCH-BENNETT
Why pay more when you can buy a car for $7 50? Ask JOE COLLEGE DUPREE about his newlypurchased model T... the only real trouble with the thing is that it gets a bad case of indigestion every once in a while such as last week on the load to Rudy’s , . . three gals along for the ride, had the time of their young lives pushing the jalopy back while DUPREE held down the steeling wheel! What h gentleman . . it’s astounding! Co-eds are digging out t^iie compacts more often now that all the handsome numeraled Big Ten tank stars are in town ... guess the boys are used to the life of joes, at least the Sweet Shop seems hke home to them . . . one Northwestern boy, looking through a list of sororities to find a certain girl, got down as far as Pedalion and decided not to call that number ... he thought it probably represented a colored girl’s organization! . . . boy, you should hide your face! It’s a bad policy to talk in your sleep . people sometimes say things that aren’t qmte up to par . STUFFY SMITH has one bad fault, this sleep-talking ... oust last night, the boy said “Ohhhh, Kepie!” Chum, you shouldn’t eat so much before getting the shuteye' Spring coming isn’t quite to ED ROHERBAUGH’S hking .. . seems the boy has had too much fun having snowball fights with the Chi O’s every mght . . . incidently, every time ED calls up brother DICK he raves about the Chi O’s . . . good, too! Curiosity got the best of DICK so he decided to l6ok into the matter . . . wonder if it is all the girls in general or if he has one certain girl picked out? Nothing like picking out an import who is in the run for Prom queen of her school . . . MAURIE CAMPBELL must have been on the ball ... as a consequence, he has a date to lead Prom with the queen of DePauw . . . wonder how he rated it.. . there imght be a recipe that others could benefit from Well, the rat-race is on again ..,
halt!
STARTS MIDNITE TONITE 11:30
! If THAT EXPLODES IN YOUR FACE LIKE THE BLAST OF A DEPTH BOMBI
OF THE HavH
IT'S FIRST RUN
-todayginger ROGERS KATHERINE HEPBURN — in — STAGE DOOR — PLUS — RENFREW ON THE GREAT WHITE TRAIL — with — JAMES NEWILL
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licirty
“I get a slight twinge here occasionally, Doc. I thought maybe offhand you could tell me what to do about it — just so I got an idea, you know!”
the standing in hne for hours just to put out good money for a measly Prom permit... we don’t even know who the orchestra is yet.. . people might be sorry after all the dough IS gone that they did get a ticket.. time alone will tell ... if things aren’t satisfactory, watch out, you Prom committee!
Evidently MAXINE KING didn’t come back from home minus a Phi Psi pm . . . guess she didn’t have one to stait with ... it happened to be her sorority pm lost instead . . . never heard of girls putting out their pm, but it could be done' Now that second semester is near-
ing a close and Kappa pledges will soon be initiated, guess the girls will be in the market to take pins . wonder what MENDEZ will give to BETTY COVER for an excuse now? ’
We must hand it to the Pi Phi’s for knowing how to put on a good brawl .... it Was super smooth, and that’s no bunk.
ARC
—LAST DAY-
Ly^ — LAST DAY— HUMPHREY BOGART KAY FRANCIS — in — 'King of the Underworld' — and — GENE AUTREY — in — "Gold Mine in the Sky"
SUNDAY-MONDAY RONALD COLMAN — in — "IF I WERE KING"
mm ELEHNOR ilfNN in sxovie gtadio prime thrillor, — and —
f^§a&er. usfsnim A NEW UNIVERSAL PICTURE
— ALSO — 'FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS," Serial
SUNDAY-MONDAY "THE GLADIATOR" "SINNERS IN PARADISE"
II
mms
NAVY
Starts TODAY MARS
— with
GEOI^pE BRENT OLIVIA DE HAVILLAND JOHN PAYNE FRANK McHUGHI
r
3crturday, March 11, 1939
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Michigan Leads Qualifiers In Big Ten Swimming Meet
Finals Of Fencing Michigan star Wrestling, Track
Will Be Held Today With only elimination events being run off last night in the various Big Ten conference championships, the real battles -will come in today’s finals. In the track and field meet being held in the University of Chicago Fieldhouse, the qualifying trials in the 60 yard dash, 440 yard dash, 70 yard high hurdles, and the half mile run were completed. A few wrestling preliminaries were held, while fencing affairs are to be started at Chicago today. Michigan Defends Michigan, defending champion in wrestling and track is favored to repeat in both meets. Indiana is given the best chance to unseat the Wolverine matmen, while Wisconsin rates high in the track events. Chicago’s Maroons are the favorites to cop the fencing crown. Five track and field records are expected to fall, as all have been bettered during scheduled meets of this yeay. Schwartkopf of Michigan has bettered the existing two mile mark by 2 1-2 seconds. Watson of Michigan has tossed the shot put a foot farther than his own record, Padway of Wisconsin topped the existing pole vault record by 4 1-2 inches, Diefenthaler of Illinois has beaten the high jump record, and the Ohio State relay team covered the mile route two seconds faster than the record. Michigan and Indiana mat squads have potential winners in five of the eight weight brackets, while Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin and Northwestern are expected to constitute a second flight. Captain Don Nicholas of Michigan is a defending champion in the 176 pound division and Archie Deutschman of Illinois will be defending his title in the 136 pound weight.
More than 2,000 people danced at the Cornell University junior prom.
Almost a million gallons of fuel oil are required to heat Mount Holyoke College buildings a year.
Like Good Music?
Hear It Often
All the latest records, classical or popular, can be found on our shelves. For that fraternity dance let us fix you up. Hear the latest in our Record Booths.
• Artie Shaw Album I • Deep Purple Jimmy Dorsey • Could Be Glen Gray • Penny Serenade Guy Lombardo • My Melancholy Baby Bing Crosby—Vocalist • Heaven Can Wait Kay Kyser
• Never Again Horace Heidfs Musical Knights • My Heart Belongs to Daddy Eddy Duchin • When Irish Eyes Are Smiling Jan Garber • Blue Blazes Jimmie Lunsford • Especially For You Orin Tucker
McLEAN MUSIC CO.
514 Main
Phone 7917
WAA News
Cooperating with Tomsk! of Michgan in breaking the 50 yard free style record was Barker, above, also a Wolverine, who swam the distance in 23.2 seconds, bettering the old record of 23.3. Tomski, however, averaged 23.1 during the trials.
T.C.U. Coach Will Attend Football Clinic “Lee ‘Dutch’ Meyer, coach of the undefeated Texas Christian Southwestern Championship eleven, will join with University staff members in conducting the eighth annual Purdue Football Clinic to be held here March 31 to April 1,” said Coach Mai Elward yesterday. Meyer, noted as one of the leading exponents of the forward pass as an offensive weapon, will discuss the use of the aerial game at the session Saturday morning, April 1. Elward also announced that W. L. “Bud” Surface, president of the Indiana Coaches’ Association will act as toastmaster for the annual banquet, Friday, March 31.
Ohio State Trails Wolverines As Five Conference Records Are Smashed
By Jim Hebbeler
Starting the Big Ten swimming fheet in the Fieldhouse in true championship style Tomski, Michigan free style artist, broke the Big Ten 50-yard dash record in the* first heat of the quarter-final qualifying trials in the afternoon, and records continued to topple when the teams got around to the evening events. ■
In all, five conference records fell
during the course of the day, as Tomski accounted for a 100-yard free style record. Barker of Michigan cracked the 160-yard breast stroke, Haynie of Michigan toppled the 220-yard free style mark, and the Ohio State 300-yard inedley re-
lay team bested that mark. Michigan led all teams by quali-
fying 18 men for today’s final, while Ohio State, touted to be the Wolverines’ toughest rival, managed to get but nine men through the preliminaries. Purdue qualified only one man, George Wildhack, in the
diving.
Patnik Great A1 Patnik, Ohio State’s national champion diver, continued his brilliant form by compiling the highest point total of the divers in the eliminations yesterday afternoon, but was closely followed by his teammate, Clark. The evening session started with Ohio State’s record smashing performance of 2:66.8 in the 300-yard medley relay, which was three seconds under the previous mark. Then followed successive record performances in the 220-yard fre style, 60yard free style, and 100 yard free style. With those laurels to rest on, the performers slowed the pace somewhat and were content to win the following events without records in mind. Neither session was a sellout, with only 250 persons showing up for both afternoon and evening meets. None who were there could fail to appreciate the wonderful exhibitions put on by the teams and the chance to see national champions perform in true form. Summary of events; 60 yard free style (auarter finals)—^First heat: Won by Tomski, Michigan; Draves, Iowa; Sorenson, Chicago. Time, 23.1. New Big Ten record. Second heat: Won by Barker, Michigan; Howard, Ohio State; Walters, Iowa. Time,
23.4.
Third heat: Won by O’Mahoney, Iowa; Lewis, Northwestern; Beebe, Michigan,
Time, 23.9.
Fourth heat: Won by Holmes, Michigan; Surles, Northwestern; Hartlein, Ohio State.
Time, 24.i.
Fancy IHving (preliminaries)—Patnik, Ohio State, n8.56 ; Clark, Ohio State, 114.04 ; Benham, Michigan, 104.12 ; Feigel, Indiana, 101.96 ; Ferstenfeld, Michigan, 100.14; Wildhack, Purdue, 96.08: Cleaveland, Ohio State,
94.24.
300 Yard Medley Relay—Ohio State (Stanhope, Higgins, Quayle) ; Michigan (Beebe, Haigh, Thaxter) ; Iowa (Armbruster, Ponies, Kershaw) ; Minnesota (Brandy Sahlman, Jablonski) ; Illinois (Kurlak, Alcorn, Hopwood) ; Northwestern (Dash, / Stuker, Wolfson). Best time, Ohio State, 2:56.8. (New Big Ten record. Old record, 2:69.8, set by Michigan in 1936). 220 Yard Free Style—Haynie, Welsh, and Hutchens, Michigan; Lowe, Illinois; Johnson, Ohio State; McCaffery, Northwestern. Best time, Haynie, Michigan, 2:18,6. (New Big Ten record. Old record, 2:13.8, established by Haynie in 1937). 60 Yard Free Style (semi-finals)—Tom-ski, Holmes, and Beebe, Michigan; Surles, Northwestern, and O’Mahoney, Iowa. Best time, :23.1, made by Tomski, Michigan, in quarter-lnals to establish new Big Ten record. Old record, :23.3, set by Kirar, Michigan, in 1988. 100 Yard Free Style—^Tomski, Michigan; Johnson, Ohio State; Surles, Northwestern;
■Specific methods for the attainment of WAA points in swimming were announced recently by Althea Jorgeson, president of Triton Club. WAA members may gain points by passing any of the following requirements between 4 and 5:30 p.m. in the swimming pool of the Wom-
en’s Gym.
Beginners in swimming who pass the beginner’s tests with a minimum of 10 hours of swimming will receive 25 points. Intermediate swimmers will receive 15 points and advanced swimmers 25 points for passing tests according to their respective classifications, also with a
minimum of 10 hours.
Those who have taken or reviewed senior life saving here, according to the requirements set up by the American Red Cross, will get 60 points, and to those who have passed the instructor-examiner tests in lifesaving receive 25 points. Girls serving one semester on saving corps, which guards the pool, will get 25
points.
Not more than a maximum of 150 points per year may be obtained by passing these tests. Members of the Triton Club, co-ed swimming honorary, receive an additional 100 points by participating in club activities. The individual high scorer of the riflery matches for the year will get 50 points and the runner-up 26 points, according to Bette Smith,
chairman of riflery.
On Friday, March 17, a fencing tournament will be conducted in a round robin fashion with Paul Carrara, fencing instructor as judge.
Theta Chi
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men; Frank Hedges, Gary; Don Fitting, of Lafayette; Harold Rodenberg, Centerville; Walter McCullough, Memphis, Tenn.; John Davis, Baltimore, Md.; Arthur Foltz, Baltimore, Md.; Edward Denhard, Baltimore; Md.; Jack Kinsey, Gary; and Char-
les Welter, Gary.
JOHN BALKEMA TIN SHOP Carl G. Butz, Prop. Tin and Sheet' Iron Work of Every Description Furnace Work of All Kinds 104 MAIM SHOP PHONE 6852
Holmes, Michigan ; Quayle, Ohio State ; Emmerich, Wisconsin. Best time, Tomski, Michigan, :62.6. (New Big Ten record. Old record, ;62,6, established by Kirar, Mich-
igan, in 1938.
160 Yard Back Stroke—Barker, Michigan ; Beebe, Michigan; Stanhope, Ohio State; Armbruster, Iowa; Kurlak, Illinois; Brandt, Minnesota. Best time. Barker, Michigan, 1:38.1. New Big Ten record. Old record, 1:38.9, set by Zehr, Northwestern, and
Neunzig, Ohio State, in 1987).
200 Yard Breast Stroke—Higgins, Ohio State; Haigh, Michigan; Anderson, Chicago ; Sahlman,. Minnesota; Kirkland, Illinois ; Poules, Iowa. Best time, Higgins, Ohio
State, 2:26.0.
440 Yard Free Style—Haynie, Michigan; Woodling,_Ohio State; Jablonski, Minnesota; Welsh, Michigan ; Lowe, Illinois ; Thaxter, Michigan. Best time, Welsh, Michigan,
4:69.4.
^PwixJL
By Bob McDonald The Western Conference Championship Swimming Meet being held in the University pool has more or less turned out to be a dual meet between Michigan and Ohio State . . . Michigan seems to be considerably out in front as far as the qualifications are concerned. —fc— As so aptly expressed by the visiting Michigan sports writers, the Wolverines are in a “hilarious mood” ... an excellent spirit of comradeship characterizes the entire team ... an unannounced added attraction which the Michiganders brought with them is a bevy of jieautiful young co-eds fresh from the Ann Arbor campus . . . we’re wondering why ... if that is what makes for championship teams, we’re all for it. —^fc— No words can suitably describe the excellent diving exhibited yesterday in the qualifications .... headed by A1 Patnik, holder of the Western Conference and National Intercollegiate Championships, seven superb fancy divers will be in their best form this afternoon in an effort to garner points for thenrespective teams . . . George Wildhack, Purdue diver, is among the seven and also has the distinction of being the only Boilermaker to qualify for the finals in any of the many events. —^fc— It is^^very likely that records will be broken in every swimming event save the 200 yard breaststroke and there is an outside chance that a new record may be set here . . . Waldemar Tomski and Tom Hasmie of Michigan lead the list of record breakers . . . Bob Johnson, free style sprinter, seems to be the best point gatherer for the Buckeyes . .. the eventual landing place of the title will depend upon the way in which the other teams are able to place in the events. Home E( Nursery School Staff Members Assist In WPA Re-tralning Course Members of the Home Economics nursery school staff are assisting in the re-training course for WPA nursery school teachers, which is being conducted under the direction of Florence Bender in the University nursery school. To date 46 teachers have received training in the course this year, and another group of 16 will receive the training before the end of the course. Observations are being made in both the Purdue and Lafayette WPA nursery schools. Indiana WPA nursery schools are under the direction of Miss Florence Bender. Alice Plank, Dr. O’Shea, Prof. L. Partch, Katherine Read, Catherine Borut, Helen Duff, Isabel Jakway, Florence Vanderploeg, Azile Kokos, Nell Buso, and W. E. Martin are others assisting in the program.
AW the HhM
FLOWERS ^augharfe SEEDSJOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 MAIM ST.
PHONE 2777
COLONIAL GARDENS TOMMY TUCK-ER INN Why Can’t You? Dine Dance
DRESS CORRECTLY -from our wide selection of Full Dress and Tuxedo Suits. Also correct accessories—all at moderate prices. 500 MAIN ST. CLOTHES SHOP INC.
Novelty Events Will Highlight Annual Athletic Carnival Pounding down the home stretch on horsebjack, a flashing fraternity rider will win the Silver Derby on March 23 when the annual Athletic Carnival is held at the Fieldhouse. One of many events on the evening’s program, the Silver Derby will be a novelty race in which each member of the squad will complete his leg of the relay by a different method. A fraternity .participation trophy will be given to the Greek letter house scoring the most points in the carnival. Highlighting the evening, the mile relay and tug of war will provide strong competition and spirited effort by all participating squads. The varsity men are eligible for the mile run relay. Boxing and wrestling finals will be held in the center of the track in the three ring circus. Eight bouts will be held in the open class and eight in the novice. “Pimchy” Maxwell, boxing coach, states that all men wishing to fight in the novice class should report to him at 4:00 in the Fieldhouse. Eliminations for the novice class will be held March 18 and all entrants should be in condition. On the night of the Carnival, bouts will be three round of two minutes each. All military champions are eligible for the novice class. The Fieldhouse will.be laid out for the Carnival by enclosing another track inside the regular dirt track and then putting boxing rings in the center. The outside track will be used for relays, races and walking matches. The inside track will have the Silver Derby while boxing wrestling, tug of war and other events will occupy the center of the stage. WBM Will Re-Stage Life Of Jones Family Radio Stage, WBAA dramatic program, will repeat its series on “The Happenings of the Jones Family,” beginning today at .1 p. m. and continuing every Saturday at that time. The series, a comedy of American family life, proved so popular when first presented six months ago that listeners demanded a re-broadcast. Sam Marrks, student director of Radio Stage, will direct the productions with a reorganized cast. Other WBAA programs regularly scheduled for from 1;30 p. m. until signing oif time this afternoon, will be cancelled in order to broadcast the regional basketball tournament from Jeff gym. Anderson Will Talk To Seniors Monday Dr. Forrest A. Anderson, of the firm of Wilkens-Anderson of Chicago, will talk to seniors at 4 p.m. Monday in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building. As a hobby. Dr. Anderson assists hundreds of engineers and chemists in finding emplo3nnent in the many industi-ial concei-ns he visits each year. He will emphasize the part that personality plays in securing employment. Connected with a scientific and industrial laboratory supply and chemical company. Dr. Anderson’s training and industrial 'exjierieiice well fits him for this counseling role. The meeting is sponsored by the AIChE and the AIME. Hall To Address Teachers On World Affairs Today Prof. Prank R. Hall, of the department of history, economics and ■ government, will give a general talk about the international affairs this afternoon in Indianapolis before Marion County Teachers’ Association. After bis talk there wiR be an open forum to discuss farther questions.‘Vj ■ S
Let's Play Ball(Continued frj^n page 1)
3[ojacd, (Ma,
\
tomorrow / in the
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
%oJticsA,
Saturday, March 11, 1939
The Professor likes to see his students carry through a line of reasoning. In his classes the students who use their brains get the better grades. The most exacting pupil, no matter how high his test grades, will not receive an H from P]?ofessor Sabbagh if he relys entirely on a photographic memory. His views on campus activities and student participation in them is simply—“Students should attend to their studies. If,they then have extra tinne on their hands, they should get into activities.” However, after musing a moment he elaborated, “You should get what you came here for. If you came here for activities,” he shrugged his shoulders, “well, go into them.” Linguist, Gardener Professor Sabbagh’s main hobby is the reading of ancient history. In fact, he has written a book on the history of Phoenicia. This book is in the Library—however, few students would get a great deal out of it as it was vn-itten and is printed in Arabic. At one time the Professor knew and could write seven or eight languages. At the present time he is enthused over his new house and the garden he plans adjoining it. His main relaxation is getting out into the open air and waging an ever interesting war on garden pests. Horticulture Society Beds Heads For This Semester Semester officers of the Purdue Horticulture Society were elected at a meeting last Wednesday in room 202 of the Horticulture Building. Ben Coffman Was elected president, Elmer Applegate, vice-president, Caroline Britton, secretary, and Maurice Overbeck, treasurer. After the election addresses were given by Marie Byers and Ealph Shaw. The next meeting of the society will be held Wednesday in room 117 of the Horticulture Building. H. W. Randolph... . . . ME ’42, of Lafayette has received an appointment to Annapolis, qualifying him for admission to the academy in June, as he has already passed the entrance examinations. Randolph’s father, who graduated in the school of agriculture in 1917, led the freshman class in the last of the old soph-frosh tank scraps.
a in the / uf'cked
The Wesley Foundation . 8:00 a. m.—^Freshman Breakfast. 9:30 a. m.—Co-ed class taught by Mrs. McPadden. Men’s class taught by Mr. Clarence Dammon. 10:40 a. m.—Dr. Steele will preach on “The Problem of Moral Evil.” 5:00 p. m.—Fellowship supper. 6:30 p. m.—Program by the Roberts Park Church, Indianapolis. Presbyterian and Congregational Students (Morning program at Central Presbyterian Church, 7th and Columbia, Lafayette). 9:30 a. m.^—^Discussion group, led by Dr. G. H. Graves. 10:45 a. m.—Morning worship service; sermon by Rev. W. R. Graham. Special music will be furnished. by the choir, led by A. P. Stewart. (Evening program at Westminister house, 129 Sheetz street). 6:00 p. m.—^Student forum. After the supper. Dr. R. Norris Shreve, of the school of .chemical engineering, will display his collection of natural and synthetic gems. St. John’s Episcopal 8:00 a. m.—Holy communion. .10:45 a. m.—Morning service. 6:00 p. m.-—Young people’s fellowship. Roger Williams (iJub 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams club class by Dean Fisher. 10:35 a. m.—^Sermon by Rev. J. B. Gleason on “What Is a Good Christian.” 4:30 p. m.—^Formal initiation of Theta Epsilon. 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams club social hour; lunch will be served at 6 o’clock. 6:30 p. m.—Discussion hour. Rev. J. O. Lord of St. Paul’s Methodist Church, Lafayette, will speak on “The Christian Book.”
WBAA
'•THE VOICE OF PURDUE" —Today— 11:00—Just Kids. 11:15—Carolyn Wood, soprano. 11:3G—High School Guest Program. 12:00—The Woman Shopper, Pat Heine and Joyce Burnham. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market Reports. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—Regional High School Basketball Tournament.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Professional
• R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 V4 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Florists
• Locksmith
Dorner's Flower Shop Qlialify Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairinfi SKATl SHARPINiNG Phone 2291 State-Mein, W. L.
• Dine
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, (toor lock*, dwk locks, night latches end padloiks. Auto keys a «>ecialtv. Bicycles, accessories end repeirlna. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phene 2«2I
FRANK'S PLACE QUICK SERVICE, GOOD FOOD AT REASONABLE PRICES ALWAYS OPEN m Vine St. West Lafayette
Union Officials Name Sophomore Executives student Union officials announced yesterday the selection of 35 sophomore workers who will be placed in charge of" groups of freshmen at intervals during the rest of the semester to test their executive abilities. They will be given defiinite responsibilities such as taking charge of the workshop, designing backdrops, and similar duties. The Union Board will elect next year’s vicepresidents from this group, selections being based in part on the ability of the; candidate as shown by his efficiency in executing his assignments. Sophomores chosen are: Josinah Allen, Ruth Bennett, Jeanne Chandler, Barbara DePew, Mary Fischer, Lena Hibbs, Ona Morrison, Alice Newton, Joanne Potter, Ruth Pow- , ell, Virginia Royce, Marge Seibert, Frances Wallace, Martha Wattles. Dick Ahlvin, W. S. Baker, R. B. Bratten, Larry Brodd, J. Brooks, A. B. Clark, Bill Crow, George Dewey, E. M. Elkin, Bill Ellsworth, Irv Fosse, Paul Hamman, R. Hoffer, Bill Huls, Dick Jansing, Ed Ludeka, John Richey, G. A. Sheets, Bob Tilt, Bill Woods, and Bill Wells. '
Outing Club To Elect Officers March 14 Purdue Outing Club, newly organized sports club under the sponsorship of WAA will meet for the second time next Tuesday evening, March 14, at 7:30 in the Memorial Union to elect officers and plan the program for the remainder of the semester. Among the suggestions for activities to be discussed at the meeting are an overnight hike, a moonlight hayride, steak fries, and canoe rides. Virginia Blank, temporary chairman off-the club, has particulaidy stressed the point that anyone who wishes may become a member of the club.
WAA—Ping pong and shuffle board tournament matches must be played off by Monday, March 13. —SCHILLING.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, March 12, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union. Inquire at desk for meeting place. Bring manuscriote. —JUSTIN.
Activities Bureau Workers: All freshman and sophomore workers report to room B for important work during all free hours Saturday, March 11. Work will continue through morning and afternoon. Adequate credit will be given those attending. —LUTZ.
Campus Varieties Quartet: Will Kruder, Morehouse, Eva, Due, and accompanist Mock please report at 3 p. m. instead of 4 p.m. as previously announced. Meeting in room C of the Union this afternoon, March 11. —MILLER.
WSGA Executive Board: No iheetliiil this week. Wait further notice. ’ ' (3-11) —LEAMiHO. -7*^ Christian Science Organlzationa: A free lecture will be given by Robert Stanley Rose, C.S.B., Tuesday, March 14, at 7:46 p, m. In the faculty lounge. This lecture 4, replaces the regular meeting. —MACK.
Union Sophomore Workers: Will co-eds meet me in the reception room of the Union at 1 p. m. Saturday, March 11. —COOPER.
Junior Chemical Engineers: Insttection trip assessments are due. Pay in rod:^ 107 of Heavilon Hall before March 21. Those ' applying for excuses should do. so at once. —LOVKLL.
Purdue Engineer: Freshman and sophomore workers see work schedule in office for assignments. Interest will be gauged by attendance. No more work notices will be run in the Exponent. (3-12) —SQUIRES.
History,. Economics, and Government: Examinations for the removal of conditions in History, Economics, and GdvOrnment will be held Saturday, March 11, at 1 p. m. in room 313, Recitation Building. All students who plan to take the eXam should register with the department office before March 9. —ESTEY.
Notices
Riding Club:—All members please meet at stable at 2 p. m.. Saturday, March 11, for Debris picture. —SUMMERS.
Freshmen Engineers: All those enrolled in GE 2 report for Engineering Lectures Saturday, March 11, at 8 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Seat assignments are posted in Michael Golden Shops. There will not be a copy of the seating list in Fowler Hall Saturday morning so know your seat number before you come to the lecture. —KNAPP.
G. E. 11—Engineering Drawing: An examination for the removal of “C” and “I" grades will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in room 201, Michael Golden Shops. Students planning to take the examination must make arrangements with the undersigned on or before MUrch 16. —RISING.
CE 59 Conditions: Examination for the removal of "C” grades will be given Saturday, April 15, at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. —WILEY.
Modern Language 21 A: Test, covering first six lessons in French text, scheduled for Monday, March 13, instead of Wednesday, March 15. —FINNEY.
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday, March 13, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Union ballroom. Selection of pledges. —JACKS.
Playshop: The spring party win be held Saturday, March 11, from 9 to 12 p. m. in the Union faculty lounge. There will be dancing, skits, and refreshments. Get tickets from Bob Hettema or Ruth Bennett, forty cents per couple. va—HETTEMA.
Newman Club: There will be no Newman Club breakfast on Sunday, March 12. —KASSER.
ME 31: Examination for removal'of condition or incomplete in ME 31 will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Malce arrangements with the undersigned on^ or before March 11. —MESSERSMITH.
CIass££ied Mds
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Jeweled Kappa key. Return to Vivian Maxine King, 325 Waldron. 4079.
ROOMS FOR RENT SINGLE ROOM, private lavatory. Also double room. Reasonable rent. Private 'home. 464 Maple St. Phone 4988.
FOR RENT—One-half double room ; twin beds. 801 Vine. Phone 61723.
SUCCESS FORMULA You don't have to be expensively dressed to look the part of success—but you do have to be neat and well turned out. That's where we come into the success picture. Our high grade cleaning service will keep your clothes looking their best — every day of the years.
Free Pick-Up and Delivery Service CROWN LAUNDRY FINE CLEANks OF FINE CLOTHES
Boilermakers; Do Your Stuff The Purdue Swimming Team is going to show the Big Ten that we are out for a sure win in the Swimming Meet* Come on Purdue, weVe all for you* PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama Street
After You We Come First Phone 4048
Put all your driving cares into the hands of our trusty, amiable drivers and relax. Don't forget to call a YELLOW CAB, especially for your next social event.
YELLOW CAB