«•«
WELCOME
Established 1889
x^pj04iem
FRESHMEN
Volume 55, No. 83
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, February^ tS>43
200 New Freshmen To Enroll In University Today
Boilermaker Tankmen Face Ohio State Tonight Mike Peppe Brings OSU Titlebolders t^or Initial Clash At 7:30 In Fieldhouse
By Clint Sowards
This evening at 7:30 Coach Dick Papenguth’s Boilermaker swimming team plays host to one of the three top swimming teams in the country, Ohio State, in the Boilermaker pool in the Fieldhouse. No place this side of an AAU or Big Ten Conference tournament meet will the swimming fans on the campus have an opportunity to witness the array of National and Conference swimming champs in one pool on the same day as will perform this evening. Coach Mike Peppe, from Ohio University, has for the last decade, or so produced teams of swimmers that rate high up
in the realm of good aquatic 300 Freshmen Cremate Pots; No Casualties Throw it in! Burn it! Get rid of it! With these terse phrases, the annual pot-burning- for all second semester freshmen took place on
squads. This year is far from being an exception. The Buckeye aggregation this season boasts no less than four Big Ten Conference title holders and a few National AAU champs as well. The Boilermaker squad isn’t quite so flush with aquatic royalty; however, Roy Heidke, world’s 60 yard and 50 meter breaststroke champ, and Joe Williamson, Midstates AAU breaststroke champ, will
guarantee favorable competition, as Stuart Field at 8:00 p. m. last night, a whole. Coach Papenguth smiling- As is the custom the sophomores ly intimated, “They might be sui-- tried to prevent the freshmen from prised in a couple of events,” in- attending this traditional event, but timating that the Riveter mentor almost 300 frosh succeeded in evad-
might have an ace or two under
Kis belt.
I^ere They Are
ing the watchful eyes of the sophomores. When most of the freshies had congregated, a huge bonfire of
A brief roster of the men on the wooden and cardboard boxes was
Visiting team who have acclaimed national recognition reads as fol-
lows:
ignited and some songs were sung. Then to the accompaniment of much shouting, derision and joy, tlbe ob-
Keo Nakama, a Hawaiian lad, jects of the freshmqn’s devotion
who has been setting i-ecords with great consistency these days. Nakama is only a sophomore, but he holds National AAU records in three events, the 200, 400, and 1500 meter events. Frank Dempsey, national intercollegiate diving champ and BigTen Conference champ as well. Miller Anderson, another diver, who holds the National AAU diving-
title.
Jim Councilman, world record holder in the 300 meter event, and National AAU champ in the 220 yard and 200 meter events. Foam is guaranteed to fly when Councilman and Roy Heidke tangle in the
breaststroke events.
Following- the meet, the divers
of both teams will put on a short ager of the American Potash Insti-
tute, spoke Thursday evening to the Soil Science Society in Agricultural Hall. He was unable to obtain the film that he was scheduled to present on potash, so he showed some colored slides illustrating various agricultural conditions resulting from experimentation in the field of
fertilizers.
Illustrations of the corduroy ef-
Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity, re- feet were shown clearly in coloi-. cently suffered both hurt feelings This i-esulted fiom planting- on and an injured foot. Coming home ground that has previously conlate one evening, he noticed-' what tained crops that were fertilized
were gleefully cast upon the flames. When the fire began to die down, the crowd dispersed suddenly and each house organized a gang to help themselves and others get back into the houses which were well defended by sophomores. It is rumored that many frosh spent the night in various Union lounges. G. N. Hotter Lectures To Soil Science Club On Potash Research Dr. G. N. Hoffei-, a branch man-
exhibition from both the high and
low boards.
AGR Kicks The Rabbit Bill Davis, senior member of
he thought to be a live rabbit sitting in the AGR’s front yard. Bill stealthily crept up behind the rab-
in )'ows and then plowed under. According to Doctor Hoft’er, this causes the field to appear striped
bit—it didn’t move. Bill aimed, drew with altcinate well nourished and
back his foot, and let fly at the rabbit with a “death dealing blow.” There was a dull thud, but the bunny did not fall dead! Instead Bill clutched his foot in pain for the animal was made of metal! It turned out later that AGR pledges had iincovcicd the heavy statuette while cleaning out a closet, and had placed it there in the yard to fool dogs. Bill stays on the walks now! 18, 19 Year Olds Because of complaints being regi^^terod in (his oflicc by Local Boards, I am reminding all students concerned that according to the 'Selective Service regulations . students must register on the day that they become 18 years of age. For your convenience you can register with the Local Boat-d No. 2, Room 203, Post Office Bldg., Lafayette, Indiana. In' the case of a student whose 18th l^irthday falls on a Sunday or holiday, he must register with (he Local Board on the day foL lowing his birthday. Assistant to the President F. C. HOCK EM A
undernourished plants. Color transparencies of experimental results were shown, which illustrated the effects of various percentages of nitrogen, phosphorus and other elements necessary for successful
yields.
Prior to showing the slides. Doctor Hoirer i-eviewed some articles appearing in “Better Cioiis with Plant Food,” a magazine published in Washington of which Doctor Hofl'cr is a staff member. A meeting of the society was announced for the 21th of this
month.
Allen Adds Hunjor To Chem Lecture “Sawdust is a very good reducing agent,” Dr. Allen, substituting for Dr. Fernclius, told the Chem 12 class Tuesday during lecture. The class watched intently while ho performed an experiment. “So what if it is a good reducing agent?” one froslunan said to his neighbor, “it seems to me that girls would rather bo fat than eat saw-
dust!”
Playshop Gives Well Received Performance By Tim Tilton Mingling humor and pathos in a masterful formula. Maxwell Anderson has given us"sentiment without sentimentality in his powerful war play “The Eve of St. Mark,” now playing at Fowler Hall with a terrific cast of experienced Playshop actors and actresses. The impact of the war upon the soldier and the folks back home develops with the steadiness and sureness that spell dramatic emphasis, climaxing- in the dream sequence, which has to be seen to be appreciated. Private Quizz West, about whom the story revolves is a typical mid-western farm boy with the agarian virtues of frankness and stolidity. To him should go top honors for the finest job of ad libbing that has been seen in the Playshop in many a year. In scene two he came through with a “Well, give us the percentages,” and in scene four, when the telephone failed to ring upon cue he went to the door to simulate the continuity of his
lines.
Barab, Sykes Star In the supporting characters Private Mulveroy and Private Marion were outstanding. Arthur Barab, as Private Mulveroy, is truly a Playshop veteran whose worldly wise attitude and army philosophy make many a laugh in the current show. Freshman Geoi-ge Sykes, playing- a genteel southerner. Private Marion, provides furtherhumor and probably gbt the biggest laugh of the show with his retort about the Eve of St. Marx having fallen into disrepute. Elaine Kail and Betty Gray, as Sal and Lil Bird, are positively amazing- in their role of harlots of the local honky-tonk. Betty Gray, who was the first girl stage manager, certainly should be given more roles. A tribute to the costume and makeup department should be voiced for the realistic make-up of these two girls. Big Bull Story Honors for the biggest bull story go to Sergeant Ruby, George Zissis, with his yarn about a crap game irtvolving seven million dollars. Professor Lull’s son, Warren Lull, who was last seen in “Our Town,” got a nice laugh with his remark about Neil West’s eyes not beinggood enough for the air corps so he got into the field artillery. The stage settings were technically, selective realism, that is, only enough properties to give the effect. They reached an absolute minimum in the field scene. Shaft or specific lighting accentuated still further the unusual appearance of the stage. Total effect of the play is one that places it among the best in Playshop history. It literally tugged at the heartstrings of the audience. Coeds Will Begin Vocational Lectures All University women should be interested in the first of a new series of meetings with the theme of “Woirren in Work.” Starting Wednesday, Feb. 10, from 4 to 5 p. m.. Professor Monroe of the Speech Depar-tment will speak on the .subject “Interviewing for a
Job.”
Whether- you plan on being a career- woman iir the future or if you might be adding your number to Social Security this summer-, a lat-ge par-t of a job is getting it. 'I'his type of meeting should be valuable in view of the increasing demand for workers in industry from the ranks of educated women. Navy Personnel 'riie Bureau of Naval Personnel has released an announcement that' many seniors graduating in the mid-year may still make apl^lication for Commission in the United States Naval Reserve in a specialist classification. Further information may be obtained at the Personnel Office.
Welcome Fresh
men
To meet the contingencies of the global war in which this nation has found itself involved, Purdue University revised its academic calendar, permitting students to complete a regular four-year program of study in two years and eight
Orientation To Start At 7:25 This Morning Approximately two hundred new students will enter the
months. The urgent demand for men and women trained in University today to start their regular college courses. This those fields essential in waging total war and in establishing new program, which is called intra-session, is designed to the peace that is to follow, makes it imperative that these men give students who have not finished, or who have finished, and women be prepared for such service in the shortest pos- their high school work a chance to enter college somewhat
sible length of time. earlier than was possible before.
A special Intra-Session has been arranged to accommodate 'T'he intra-session forms an integral part of the University 8 students who were not qualified to enter-at the beginning accelerated war-time academic calendar. The intra-session
of the winter term, but who now have satisfied the requirements for high school graduation. This has been done in order to make use of every available day in meeting the demands made of the University to train men and women in essential fields. You are the first to take advantage of the
Intra-Session.
I salute you favored few who are about to become a permanent part of Purdue University. May these abnormal times be a challenge to your ability to adapt yourselves readily to
Tonight's Mixer Will Feature 'Hit Parade' Theme
students will be handled as a separate group for the remainder of the semester and assigned to regular courses intensified to make up for lost time and will become “regulaP' as far as class assignment is concerned with the opening of the
spring term. Special Convo
A special convocation -will be
Maury Mahns’ own “Hit Parade”
changing conditions. May cool-headedness, health, and a joy- of the most popular tunes of the
ful sense of power for new usefulness, both to yourself and week will be featured at the special given to the new University stuto the Nation, in war and in peace, be included in your re- tonight from 8:30 till 11:30 dents in Eliza Fowler Hall today at
, „ ^ in the Union, with the usual admis-
wards for 1943 and thereafter. ^ d m '
Sion price of $1.10.
It is hoped that through this orientation period you will connection with the “Hit Pamake an auspicious beginning in your college career and that rade” idea, the Union will present you will adjust yourselves readily and effectively to the con- complimentary tickets to students ditions of University life new to you. You are here on bor- select the same three tunes
Infrasession Schedule
rowed time—make the most of it by determining to prepare
that Mahns chooses as most popu-
lar. Free tickets may be claimed
yourself to render loyal and competent service to our great the Union office. Nation. Backdrop Features Drum Whatever may happen, we do not expect you to be jittery. The backdrop features a huge scared, or homesick; neither do we expect you to remain too bass drum with “Hit Parade” and solemn. Be your best selves; then all of us will profit from “Maurj^Mahns” lettered across in
your experiences here at Purdue University.
F. C. Hockema,
Assistant to the President.
Rifle Team Will Hold Henderson Callout At Fieldhouse Will Play Tomorrow Afternoon For Cary Club
black. The main idea of the dance is to show students that Maury Mahns and his “Jimmy Lunceford style” is a campus band worth having. Although his playing is now limited mainly to the University because of gas rationing, the band has played at Indiana University,
Illinois, Northwestern, Ball State , , , , , • j -11 1 j? songs and cheers they will be ofat Muncie, and will soon play for „ . ^ . ,, T ■ T5 t T j- oi. i ficially welcomed by Prof. Frank the Junior Prom at Indiana State „ „ , . , .
C. Hockema, assistant to the presi-
February 6 7:30A.M.—Convocation, Eliza Fowler Hall. 8:15 A. M.—English Composition
test.
9:45 A.M.—English Placement
test.
10:45 A. M.—Psychological -examination. 1:00 P.M.—Mathematics Training or Home Economics
test.
2:OOP. M.—Physical Examinations February 8 8:00A.M.—Registration February 9 ■ -*-5. ': Classes begin
7:25 a. m. Following a round of
Teachers’ College. Typical College Band
While the band was playing in
dent, and given instyuetion on registration and orientation testa by Registrar R. B. Stone and Dr. H. H.
To meet the challenges sent out Fletcher Henderson, and his all Michigan last summer, the Fitch Remniers, respectively. They wifi by many big universities in the na- negro orchestra, will furnish the Band Wagon sjgned them to play also be introduced to Dean of Men tion thei’e will be a callout for mem- music for the Cary Club Valentine ^ program as a typical college band. Fred Goldsmith and Acting Dean of bers to form a proposed University Dance, to be held in the south ball- Unfortunately, however, the Band Women, Clare Coolidge. lifle team this afternoon at 2 at the room Friday, February 12. The Wagon program was dropped be- Following the convocation, the Fieldhouse rifle range. dance is to be limited to Cary Club foi® Mahns had a chance to play, remainder of the morning will be Although there is a pistol team men and their dates only. Vocalists for the band are Darlene devoted to English composition, on the campus, no rifle team exists Henderson is known as one of the Mahns, Maury s sister, and Jack jilacement tests, and psychological at present. Some of the challenges better negro musicians on the cir- Silvers, a student in the University, examinations. The afternoon will be
received have come from schools cuit today. He has been the arsuch as Indiana University, North- ranger for Benny Goodman and western, Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Duke Ellington. Direct proof of his otheis. musical ability lies in the fact that Winchester 52’s he has been twice winner of the The instigators of the team are Nation’s Arrangers’ Trophy. “Knobby” Walsh and “Chief” Clev- Henderson’s Reputation ett. According to thenl, there are Although Henderson may tend to five Winchester 62’s at the Field- lean toward jive and swing at times, house which may be used by the he is tetter noted for his sweet, men not having their own guns on sophisticated rhythms. His Style is the campus; however, if you have more predominately sweet. A large your own guns bring them so that crowd of Cary Club men is expected someone else who hasn’t may use to be in attendance since this dance the range rifles. Ammunition may will constitute orie-half of their be obtained at the Fieldhouse. social activities for the semester.
It has been pointed out that there The details of the decorations for ^ributed. To meet this demand the “Green Potters Queen” by popular will be action soon after the team the dance have not been completed, making up a list of tutors vote of all freshmen in the near
is picked. If things go as planned, and consequently no information the first meet will be in about a can be given out regarding the
Senate Will Sponsor Student Tutor Service; Sign At Senate Office Stddent Senate is sponsoring a student tutoring service again this semester. A special demand for tutors has appeared in previous semesters after the sixth week of school when yellow slips are dis-
given over to mathematics training and home economics placement tests along with physical examina-
tions.
Registration Monday
Actual registration of the new group will be held on Monday, with classes to start on Tuesday. Frosh To Elect 'Green' Queen Freshman class will eleqt a
month.
backdrop.
Kibitzers Requested , . . WBAA Invites Students To '‘Campus Varieties'
By Stenart Wendell
A visitor to WBAA impressed by the wealth of equipment and the number of announcers asked station director Gilbert D. Williams what would happen if the students ‘were ever turned loose to concoct a
variety show.
in all undergraduate courses. future. The winner of this election All Students Eligible * is to be presented at the freshmap All students are eligible to be- dance which is scheduled for Feb-
come tutors for a subject with the ruary 19.
approval of the head of that depart- second semester freshman mont. All persons Interested must women are eligible. There will Im sign up in the Student Senate office nomination from each sorority before Friday, Februaiy 12. The house, one from each cooperatiwp standard rates of sixty-cents per house, and three from each unit In hour will exist for all subjects. ^he Residence Halls. The nontinnThe Student Senate only acts as ^^e student senate a middleman between the student ^ P- Wednesday, and tutor. Place and time of meet- freshmen may yote upon ings are arranged by the parties P^'esentation of their passports it involved. This service has proved ‘h®
the scientific thinking machine; Ole very popular in the past, and an building February 17. T^ Olafson, the janitor who delights in equal demand for tutois is expected e presented during the
and Ed Gruis, Ma^’te
his relatives of Madness.
Coed Versus Coed
Gruis will attempt to settle the question of the Indiana coed versus
Tlie re.sult of this conversation the University coed. He will be prowas “Campus Varieties,” which tccted by a soldier contingent from rides the WBAA airlanes at 4 p. m. the armoiy, so the audience is adtoday, This is an all-audience show vised before hand. Besides, all in which the public has a chance to would-be spectators will be asked see the inner woikings of a variety to park their weapons at the door, program. Tom McCrum will announce the Today, part of Campus Varieties show and act as target for “Puns by will be devoted .to “Five Months In Gruis.” He will be protected by A Japanese Hell,” a story adapted humor insurance. The main thing from life. The leading role in tliis worrying the production staff of play will be taken by Carolyn Wood, Campus Varieties is who is going to aided by Becky Ann Pervine and protect the audience. The answer Justin Meachini. to that will be found at the Hall of Other regulars on Campus Vari- Music audience studio today at 4 eties will be Professor T. U. Butts, P- m-
this semester.
Notice
Members of the Enlisted Reserve Corps who are enrolled in schools leading to degrees as aeronautical engineers; automotive engineers; heating, ventilating, refrigerating, and airconditioning engineers; radio engineers; chemists; mathematicians ; meteorologists; p h y s i - cists, including astronomers; and psychologists should report to Room B-7 basement of the Armory so this additional information can be secured for their records. Also students majoring in these subjects should report. —ROBINSON
intermission of the freshman dance. Band Invites Frosh To Tryout Today All new students desiring to ttgr out for the University’s “All American Band” are requested to report to Band Headquarters in the rear ^ the Music Hall between 1 and 5'p. m»
today.
The band is run by a staff ot sta* dent officers under the directtdn ^ Professor Paul “Spotts’* Emrick. These officers, selected from the junior and senior classes, are aided by freshmen and sophotnort^ are given ratings as non-co^^p^-sioned officers by their show of &- terest and aptitude for thoir, L? ^
7?'Jf’!,fi ^ '"^J"J-‘P>'Sif7‘.
*■ i
i^geF
fl*"^ A, ^
Purdue Exponent Saturday, February 6, 1943
Purdue Exponent Entorfd ns <;ccond clnss matter at the p«fit affice m Lafayette Indiana under the act of tonirress of <March 1 J87*» and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1101 act of October S 1*I17 author laed Januarv 20, ld2^ rabliahcd on Tuo«< day, Thiir«^dav fridav and Sundav morninj,*? during the vear Delivered locallv hv cirricr for $1 75 for a ‘lemcBter or 8*} Oft for tvso ftemcBterB bj mail for $2 Oft for a BctjieMer or f>3 50 for two semcBters Represented for national adverfismp bv National Advertising Service Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 M'ldison Ave New \ork N 'k Editor^in Chief William G Hoskins News Editor Rnberl W Rosvrinldc Managing Kdilor Dale h Rut/ Bttulneas Manager Gerhnrd H Klnumnn Coed Editor ballv Roali STAFF FOR THIS ISSUL Night Editor Tvaon Dav Ediu r M nn lasuc Editor Forsvthe Sport Sowirds Workers Grotnes Spnndct H ihn Sn Mitchell M’^inslow Ablutt Rivnc 01 r VanBuskirK fnhncstock Stmm i
China By G. B. Wu
(Continued fiom piecedino: Undei Lui Pan, the foundci of Han djmastv, an entnelj nc^^ set of families came into existence The Chinese wilting buish was in vented and bi ought about the Han renaissance Papei was invented, books multiplied and the national woiship of Confucius began Undei Han Wu Ti, tiade with West giew a sea loute to Romo was opened a gieat canal was dug to promote tianspoitation and a load was built to connect the south and the south West and iiligation piojects weic developed Buddhism was intio duced into the countiy innucncing
profoundly art, aichitectuic and hteiatuie, as well as the mannois and customs of the people The “Men of Han” left thou memoiv and speech stamped upon the people, and i Chin 1 to be changed hut little in tlu next two thousand \eais The famous Yellow Tliiban ic hellion caused the downfall of the Han D\nastv A peiiod of anaichy and (liaos extended almost five ten tunes This peiiod, known as the ‘ Age of Romance,’ has supplied the best known incidents in Chinese his toil which have liecn imnnitalized in fiction and di iina It is the f 11 loiis opit stoiv ol the ‘ Thieo Kin-,dom ’ compaicd with the Gieek Mvtholagv Following the fill ol the Sui d\nasU in 018 A. D China’s golden igt of poeti'v jianiting and liteia tuic was usheied in by one of the most siilendid dynasties oL hei histoi\ the T’ang wh icigned tiom filS to 007 A D In 007 900, Cnina was luled by dcspei idos and soldieis o+ loitune The Sun^, dy isty leigned liom 060 1270 A D icstoiing Chinese customs and ciltiic, and expeii menting in Stale Soeiilism Kublai Kahn fiom Mongolia tonqucied Chin i in 1280 ind established the Yum dynasty, winch was shoit lived The Beggei King took ovci in 1168 to establish the Ming
Dynasty This peiiod was lesponsible foi the Chinese political 1 en iissancc ( hmg Dvnasti The Manchu who lived in the noi thei n pai t of Manchm la look ovci 111 1014 with then capital at Peking to establish the Ching Dynasty The fiist 1600 yeais of the Ching penod oidei had nevei been better maintained and piospeiity waves flooded the countiy In the nineteenth contuiy, chaos again thieatened China A child was on the thiono whose mothei pioved to bo one of the most lemaikable women evci to gam contiol of the goveinment of China She was the Empiess Dowagei who luled until hei death in 1908 China was again plunged into chaos foi thiee yeais, and undei the leadeiship of Di Sun Yat sen, Fathei of the Chinese Re public the Republic of China was attained At this time, China was in the gup ot i set of ambitious wai loids stiuggling foi the masteiy ot the Finpiie Sun Yat sen again lose in the oiganization ol Kuo Ming f’ang (the people’s paity) at Cm ton With the help ol Russia the Nationalistic Movement undei tlie leadeisl ip ot Chiang Kai Shek swept roithwaid, unifying China and Cl eating the Nationalist Move ment of today, with Capital at Nan king
Classified Ads
Money to loan on (Hambnd*^ watchos ffunB, luggagt typcwrittis Alberts loan OtTice 407 Columbia Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes sold itntcd lepurtd and purchased Mime uginph work dom C T LbeisholT (Of Mam 1 afayttU Phone 2i79 Wanted—Students interested in peddling the Exponent Call F\ponent 400'> Ask for Kiocphn For Sale Ohlssf n 19 Nevei been used Go d condition Pht ul rK13 C I uginbill
Notices
ShufTlcboard Tournament Second match fnust be played by Jnday Feb 12 Water buiy vs King Williamson vs Giimppei layloi vs Pat Hennis WATERRURY Triton Rcgnln meeting luesdnj Feb 9 — WAlbRRURY Fly/nr Club Rtgulai meeting Tuesday lob 0 It ^ 10 p m m loom 2rs of the Union Rnnj, semostei dues — BCEL/F WAA Members All giils interested in i cc uncil p isition foi next yeni get a petition liom th( W\A olfice Petitions must be filltd 0 It ind tinned in by I iidav Feb 12 IlbNNIS POMM All pledges and active biing 'Tc to rough night Saturday I tbiuary 6 foi banciuot tukets 'Ihi's is tlu only time tick tts may b puichased as nine will be sold at the (!o(i CHAPIN Alpha /eta Meeting Piusday Feb 9 at p m in 1 )m 232 of tbo Union RefroKh ments will bt scived SKINNER All M T 7 Students Rtport to Univer sitj Cishiei and draw unifoim comutntion monn -BROWN
Camera Club Sign for darkroom lockers at west desk All lockers not signed for by Feb 12 will be broken open for new mem bors —HAYWARD Navy VI V 5 and V 7 Members of Navy Enlisted Roseivt who do not have pocket cards to piovt mcmbciship in tlu Navy RcseiWo should leave name place an<l date of induction homt addicss and classi llcation in my oflice A icquost foi thest caids will be made to the OHice of Naval Officoi Plocuiemonl KNAPI Engineering Lectures G E 1 meet Sat uiday as scheduled G E 2 no meting Feb 6 or II Watch foi notice of fuline meeting in Ihursday and Friday Exponent —KNAPP Skull and Crescent Actives Important meeting Feb 11 at 7 15 in room 302 of the Union Actives who do not have pad dies yet can got them then -CHESTNUl
Lutheran Students—Dveryone is invited to attend a social meeting Sunday Fetj 7 at 7 SO D m at /i26 N Ninth St An enloyabk evening is assured for all lake Monon Shoiw bus and get o*', Hii,h School ^ WAI LACE SLA Hoard Usual meeting ruoday Etb <) at '■ SO p m Hotiat mcigers will be dmcussed -ANTONACqtO POMM Koiigli night will be held Satur day I lb r in the Aimou Activities will boMii It ^ p m PHILLIP Make Up Eicnminntions in Biology I 2 2a Will be given Saturday afteinoon at 1 1 m m loom 211 of Coulter Playshop Ushers i All those mterested in ushoiing foi the next Playshop production The Eve of St Mnik please call Fowici Hall 4269 and leave name Committee meeting called latei DUKE
•4^1
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
DR PAULA RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD ] RI«K — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schulfi Bldg 4th and Mam Sts Phone 5701
LEARN TO DANCE A PRIVATE LESSON WILL BE GIVEN FREE OF CHARGE WED., FEB 10th, 7:00 P. M. TO THOSE WISHING TO ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNERS' CLASS ADVANCED CLASS MEET ON THURS , FEB 11, 7 00 P M NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL
ALLEN’S
6lh Sc I errj
w/hLYNN MARY BETH BARI• HUGHES A 20th CENTURY FOX PICTURE Also ' PERILS OF NYOKA" pIus LATEST PATHE NEWS
uifaneiu — LAST TIMES TODAY —
mma PANPY"
No Notices will be accepted for this column after 6 p m on the d ly preceding the isHue Puidue ria>ors Meeting fiusdii 1 cb 0 t jO p m ml ulci Hall Intiafun of i L^ me mbci s GR ^Y Sc ond Seme ter lun ors nnd SennrH Sign up f n n ipn ntment to have vour D b s Ui t ik n i ''rt ni f Ih D Mis (dice imni dial h OiTitc uill l< op n fiom I 00 t 0 1 m I tbiu iiy S } n I 10 R NISCH Newman Club 11 o imPthl li nkf\st will b h I S nul V id : ht Muv s 1 dit ruun ftei Ih ) SO Mi s All Call Ills u I I t t ml \U1 1 Girls intcre ted in Swimmirj, C mo t Fiitin miitin Imsdai 1 b ) WAll RIUJI Y Delti Rho Kappa Imp rtrnt mutin’’ lutsi y rcb 9 R m Will b< ini umed litci HOSMA
LUHA
TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE STANLEY AND LIVINGSTONE with SPENCER TRACY WALTER BRENNAN
-plus-
THE LIVING GHOST With JAMES DUNN JOAN WOODBURY
STARTS MIDNITE TONITE 11:15 P. M.
m CAMP with „ FUZZY KMI6HT ,
SECOND HIT
AlfN-Mills-piia
•THE GREAT GILOERSLEEVE’ (Harold Peary) j MAPY CORTES • GINNY SIMMS FREDDY MARTIN and fits ORCHESTRA LES BROWN and his ORCHESTRA and PETER LIND HAYES
MARS TODAY—One Day Only # ON OUR STAGE M — IN PERSON — "NBC RADIO AND CONCERT ARTISTS" "The Deep River Boys"
DICK CISNE AND HIS ORCHESTRA PLUS VAUDEVILLE THE 4 ELGINS INTERNATIONAL JUGGLERS
DON CHANEY CONTORTIONIST DOUGLAS BROS. TOP TAP DANCE TEAM '
—ON THE screenguy KIBBEE — LEE TRACY 'The Power of the Press'
STAGE SHOWS AT I 17-3 30-5 40-8 00-10 00
ADMISSION 11 45 A M to 1 30 P M ALL SEATS 33c 1 30 P M to 5 00 P M ALL SEATS 40e 5 00 P M TO CLOSING BALCONY 40c MAIN FLOOR SOc CHILDREN ALL DAY 17e
ttsid
NE.W STUDENTS
Welcome to Purdue. Why don’t you see us and get I a FREE MAP of the Campus? See us about your books. We carry a complete line in: • USED and NEW Books ® Engineering Supplies ® Everything You Need university book store Around the Corner from the UnionSaturdk^f February, 6^ 1943
Piirdue Exponent
• gfe‘L./ Paget$
sSt
f% i'l. 1 tli ‘
trlT'
NEW STUDENTS
SFRirii : DFFENSIVE It is a big step and you must have
ri
EQUIPMENT WE ARE GLAD TO BE ABLE TO
DEACS‘' If,
Purdue Exponent
Si^turday, February 6, 194$ ;
CiMcojfUL Tleiv J’/unkm/m, YOUR HEADQUARTERS Smk&. muL Sx
FREE SERVICES • Currency Exchange Checks Cashed Western Union Notary Public Bus Station
We Guarantee the Right Books and Supplies for All Your Courses BARGAINS in USED BOOKS or NEW IF YOU PREFER
STUDENT SUPPLIES
YOU CAN SAVE HERE
-¥■ Drawing Supplies ★ Sporting Goods
★ Fountain Pens ★ Pencils “ Erasers ★ Notebooks ★ StationerY , ★ Art Supplies
★ Gym Outfits ★ Pennants ★ Fiction ★ , Non-Fiction ★ Study Lamps
^joUiqML Sook&hfuL mv Ihb (^ampMA.
PURDUE BOOK & SUPPLY ffCRE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST. LAFAYETTE IND
Continuous Service to Purdue Students for 37 Years^
'' I
■ 1
f
'' i
y jj