1. . ^ ^ i^;. 4 ^ *’ '
ifc ti M ‘ J ’^ \ , ’ f/ j-vJIfe
I *&
+>'
, i
1^ N
k % \
\
iDiTORIAL , I «. / Is Kisiiiing On The Way t)wt?The EdiWr Say^ No
xfumeM
sPom$ Piggy's Boys, Taller Year, Star# Play Moitilif^
Volume 53, No. 72
West Lafayette, Indiana
Saturday, December B, 1$II
Half-Million Ballots Elect 6«'«' PervineSDX Stuff Queen ""j'f ’■“'"s** Two Additional Queenships Awarded Union Mixer
Hose, Davis, Hendorson, Darrow Win
stuff Queens becanne common stuff yesterday with every person on campus averaging 286 votes as a grand total of^ 1,915,468 ballots were recorder and sent to a six foot vote dump at the close of voting for the “Queen of the Bare-back
Riders ”
Fearing for their physical safety, Sigma Delta Chi officers said last night that everyone with over 200,000 votes was a winner, thereby creating five instead of the original three queens. Becky Ann Pervine, with the united support of at least five fraternities, to say nothing of the Alpha Chi’s, assumed the equestrienne title after 484,255 votes were recorded in her name
Ruth Rose, pride of the Exponent boys, became “Queen
of the Glittering Spangles” by Ruth Rose
a 368,667 total The inevitable Peggy Davis increased her total 352,000 votes and thereby became “Queen of the Tight Wire” when Alpha Sigma Phi fraternity accounted for all but three of her votes
less than an hour before bal- gerUe Cole loting closed Asked what they Agnes McCu were getting out of it, the Al- Jeanette Ha
pha Sigma Phi boys grinned
and turned on their heels, ■>««« McCImtock
leaving SDX counters to their tigiaphs, and mimeogiaphs
grim task The Pei vine campaign was well Maiguerite Hendeison, whose planned fiom stait to its giandoise campaign extended fiom chalked finish That no angle had been ov signs on the sides of campus build ei looked became appaient when mgs and freight eais to a very ef thp following- telegram was le
multigraph ' -
• Final Results
Becky Ann Pervine
484 259
Ruth Rose
368,507
Peggy Davis
352,003
Marguerite Henderson
344 <535
June Darrow
272 675
Janet Morehouse
21,543
Barbara Fellows
15 458
Betty McCartney
14,290
Ginny Schaup
9,956
Jane Ostrander
6 854
Dons Pickering
6,400
bertie Cole
5,105
Agnes McCuI^loch
3 297
Jeanette Haynes
2,812
Mary Ellen Scarff
2 310
Jean Ann McClintock
2,274
ficient
and lubbei ceived yesteiday moining
Collegians To Appear Firsf" Time This Year Appearing on campus for the first time this yeai, Joe Pritchett and his Wabash Collegians will play for tonight’s mixer in the Union ballrooms from 9 to 13 The Collegians have appeared on the Illinois and DePauw campuses and make an annual tiip to Mac Murray College m Jacksonville. 111, with the Wabash Varsity Show They have also played bookings at several Indianapolis clubs and spent two summers in New York as the official summer session orches tra for Columbia Univeisity The organization is nine years old and is composed of 12 members, eight of which joined the band this yeai The band claims to bo ‘ on the solid side ’ and not composed
of “papei men ”
Some of the leatuiod peifoimeis with the band aie Don Schmitt on the tenoi sax and cHiinet, Dick A 1 t h u 1 and Lewis Neubauer, tiumpets Royce McDonald tiom bone, Ted Lockwood diums and Haiiy Kaehlei stung bass The vocali/ing IS done by the leadci, Piichctt and his teatuied song
stiess, Jane Lycett
Highlighting the evening’s pio giam will be songs and aiiange ments by Glenn Millei Sy Olivei, Tommy Doisey Count Basie Les Blown and Poiest Poieman, the bands airangei The usual dollai puce of admission will be charged
Dilliard AMs Infomal Lundieon Of SDX In Union Irving Pillijard, executive member of the council of ^gma f>elta Chi, national professional journalists’ fraternity, and editoi^ial writer for the St Louis PostDispatch, visited the University yesterday on a trip to the mid-
western chapters of SDX
Dilliard was entertained by members and pledges of Sigma Delta Chi at an informal luncheon in the Union Chestnut room A graduate of the University of Illinois, he is a past-president of
Sigma Delta Chi r t b
ADVENTimESS . . . Betty Wason,ii'33, To Address Special Convolntlusic Hall Betty Wason, roving war eoirespondent who has hit eveiy battleliont in Europe, will deliver an ad dress on “War Behind the Headlines” in the Mpiic Hall at 3 p m tomorrow In addition to being a
ebate Meetings End
Attend
Today; 1,037
Van Orman Speaks At Annual Banquet
stamp, reaped a tidy harvest ot 344,636 votes and will henceforth be known as “Queen of the Plop ping Tiajreze ” Rounding put the list ot five queens was June Dai row, who worked hard tor 272 676
JOHN L TRAUGOTT PRESIDENT SIGMA DELTA CHI RESULTS FROM NATIONAL POLL THREE MILLION VOTES rOR BECKY ANN PERVINE
votes and the title of “Queen of the TWO MORE VOTES TOR PEGGY
Lion Tamers,” which has no refer DAVIS
ence to Purdue men
Two nervous breakdowns were reported among pledges at the Phi Mu house, where primitive hand written ballots were employed throughout the nine day oigy Becky Pervine, the efficiency gal, resorted to a piinting press on the
last day, leaving other queens to latois sard yesteiday their pencils, rubber stamps, mul in then eyes
DR GEORGE GALLUP
Until the dance Friday night, the thiee toot ban el containing the nearly two million votes will be on display in the Exponent office Ras fele night the votes will be put to an appropriate but as yet undisclosed use. Sigma Delta Chi tabu-
with a leer
Herbeck Plays For Couples At Union Formal Three hundred couples danced last night to Ray Herbeck’s ‘ Mu SIC for Romance” at the annual Union Formal in both ballrooms of the Union This dance was the first formal affair of the season to be open to all students BlacH and white decorations carried out the strictly formal theme On the back drop was a dancing couple and the band trontH displayed top hat, white tie and gloves s r b
Kappa Sigs To Hold SSth Founders' Day University chapter of Kappa Sigma, social fraternity, will hold its 55th annual founders day banquet tomorrow evening at the chapter house Many alumni, including James Blythe, district president of Kappa Sigma, and Dwight Green, governor of Illinois, are expected to attend the traditional roast lamb banquet The banquet will be preceded by the formal initiation at 5 p m of Lynn Parkinson, local attorney
'Campus Varieties' Broadcast- To Feaf-ure New Talent- Tomorrow New talent of all types and from all corners of the campus will be introduced in WBAA’s newest show of the season ‘ Campus Varieties ” to be bioadca‘'t for a full hour from 3 30 to 4 30 this afternoon, and every Saturday Open To Students Featuring Iiv Given’s music, comedy, drama, feature songs, and a serious play, “The Story of Silent Night ” ‘ Campus Varieties” will be open to both students apd towns people who want to see the broadcast Bill Stewart, member of the WBAA student staff and master of ceremonies, has announced that it will be broadcast from the large studios in the Music Hall The cast for this afternoon’s pro gram includes Bill Stewart, mas tel of ceremonies, Iiv Given and orchestra, Margie and Jeanie Davis, Chris Schenkle, Jim Htbson, Laiiy Myers, Becky Ann Per vine, Charlie Powell, and Tom McCrum, with Harry Bellows and Woody Cochran working sound effects
Relentless Draff Grabs Pldyshop^s Bill Deam
By Pat Steiibtrg
Not even college insti uctors can escape the U S draft, for William Deam ot the speech depaitment and Playshop has been called by the government to direct some plays for it Probably the first play which he will be asked to direct (oi to take the leading role in) will be entitled “K^ P ”
We Want You
When Deam was asked what his emotions (good or otherwise) weie when he received that white envelope with its return address of the Selective Service Board and read igan he took part m the ‘Spung its contents, he said that he Dramatic Festival” for which piod.d not believe It was true (Rumors Broadway have It that one of the actors of Hollywood come to take part
B-ill Deam, Private, USA
Playshop’s new pioduttion, “Petri fied Forest,” mistook him for one of the dead trees and tried to water
The play that year in which Bill acted was “The Ghost ot Yankee Doodle ” Some of the pro’s who also
, V -KT i-v 1 4.U 4. had parts in the play, were Eileen him) Now Deam realizes that the „ ,, tt j u u i ' , 4. J, , T 4.U 4. MtMann, Russell Hardy who had
government IS not fooling and that
it wants to see him in one of its suave uniforms by the first of Feb ruary Denison Graduate Bill Deam attended Denison Uni vcisity at Denison, 0 , and obtain
leading part in the stage pio duction of “Sequoia and Ca mille”, and Otto Hulett, who played John Baiiymoie in “My Dear Chil
dien ”
He’s Been Around After receiving his degree from
Betty Wason war correspondent. Miss Wason has made many radio broadcasts direct from the warring nations in Eu
rope
Student passports and season tickets will be honored for admis Sion Single admission tickets will be available at the door for 55 cents each including tax The lectuie is being sponsored bj Associated Women Students Following the ad dress a reception will be held in Miss Wason s honor in the faculty lounge of the Union Spy Trouble Wason spent much of her time dodging police who thought that she was a spy In every country she visited she was thoifght to be a spy for some other country The British thought she was a Nazi spv the Rus'-ians thought she was a British spy and the Nazis sent a man to tiail her The Russian OGPU offered her a job at three hundred dollars a month plus ex penses, and the Turks wanted her to investigate an Englishman they suspected Traveling Reporter Originally from Delphi, Betty Wason graduated from the Home Economics School m 1933 After three years of work in home eco nomics journalism, she decided to travel and see the world She set off for Europe in time to witness the Czechoslovakian conquest In Vienna she was the only women at the first post Munich conference which was attended by 500 men She traveled with the Hungarian army when they took over their slice of Slovakia managed to be in Rumania when Codieanu was as sassinated and turned up in Rome in time for the visit of Chamber
lam
All of the above stones and many more will be discussed by Miss Wason tomoiiow afternoon in the Music Hall J d s
cd hlB bacheloi’s degree there He the University ot Michigan Deam then took graduate woik at the took an active part nr the the Univoisity of Michigan and re atiical world He was the technical ceived his master’s degree While diiectoi foi the Cleveland Ballet attending the University oi Mich Company, and later acted with the
Cleveland Playhouse, the Elder Players, and the Shaker Players Besides his theatric il expciience Deam has taught at Butler and
Ohio State Universities
Playshop and the school s the W. H. Winterrowd
atr ical minded people will miss Bill but there is consolation in the fact that he will enrich his acting abil ity, for we hear that the new re emits do put on some fine acts to get out of certain distasteful tasks So until the draft ends (if ever), the University will have lost an-
other valuable man p s
class of ’07, executive vice
president of the Baldwin Locomotive Works in Philadelphia and president ot the Puidue Alumni Association buttered a broken arm a few days ago m an automobile rccident at Philadelphia, it was
learned here recently
Morehouse Presents TKA Membership To Elliott By Dave Ochiltree “Are you aware that in the entire woild at this time this is the only place that a gathering like this could take place,” sard President Elliott last night at a banquet held for 1,037 high school students visiting the campus for the 12th annual Indiana High School Debaters’ Conference Orman Main Speaker Intioduced as a master at the art of speech and of being happy by toastmaster President Elliott, Harold Van Orman of Evansville was the main speaker of the eve ning One of the more serious statements made by Mi Van Or man as he lived up to President Elliott’s predictions in a speech that held the attention of each of the 1,037 students rVas, “With a great democracy like we have I shall never be afraid foi us when we have students like you that will come here for a cdnfeience like
this ”
Glee Club Sings Another highlight of the evening was the rendition by the University Glee Club under the direction of Al Stewart of the following five songs The Lord^s Prayer, The Nightm gale. Prayer’s The Way To Heaven, Intermezzo, Donkey Serenade and aslan encore. My Hero Following this Dr P E Lull of the “peech depaitment, the man be hind the conference, welcomed the visiting students and Leon Kaminski, LaPorte High School debater, gave the response At this time Janet Morehouse, President of Tau Kappa Alpha, presented President Elliott with a membership in the national forensic honorary President Elliott then introduced James Knapp, Fred Eichorn and Prof Monroe as ‘the men who made the conference a success ” Next on the program for the eve ning L S Winch announced North Central High School of Fort Wayne as the winner of the attendance trophy This award is based on the number o:f students attending the conference and the number of mileS they travel The dinner was adjourned with a suggestion by President Elliott that all the stqdfents attend the Play shop s presentation of ‘The Petri fied Forest ” Coburn To Address Students Thursday In Women's Lounge Julia Coburn, president and founder of the Tobe Coburn School for Fashion Careers in New York City will be on campus next Thins day to talk to students who are interested in the fashion field She will speak at 4 p m in the Worn en’s Lounge of the Union Appointments for intei views with Miss Cobuin between 2 and 3 30 p m can be arranged by call ing Iiene Fcldt, director of the Uni versify Placement Buieau foi Women Miss Cobuin a Vassal giaduate, has served as publicity director in chaige of advertising publicity fashion promotion and display at LaSalle and Koch’s in Toledo Ohio Later she became promotion man agei of Harper’s Bazaar and for five yeais she was fashion editor of the Ladies Home Journal In 1937 she established the School for Fashion Careers This school is the only one to specialize in preparing students tor fashion work other than costume design
—Washington Pi ess Photo Bureau ^ Captain Francis V. Keesling Wtll be the principal speaker at the morning session of the In djana High School Debate Con feifence today He will discuss military training for young men from the ages of 1 8 to 21 Oetzel To Play Tonight At WRH Holiday Dance Decorations To include Trees, Season's Colors Featuiing Bill Oetzel and his or cheat!a fiom Illinois the Women’s Residence Halls will hold their an nual Chiistmas formal from 9 to 12 tonight in the residence halls The band will be stationed in the lounge of WRH South and a pub lie address system will be used to send the music to the other halls The dance is a closed affair Pete Funk in charge of the dec oVations, has reported that Christmas colors will be displayed in the mam backdrep to represent a huge Christmas package tied with red ribbon Candles and Christmas trees will add to the holiday decorations Programs of red and green cel ophane will present the silhouette of a coed in formal dress on the cover detzel was here in October for one of the regular Union mixers Besides his songstress, Shirley Fuster the young leader features the ‘Pretzels ’ an instrumental group which plays “Dixieland Swing at its best ” c f h Prof. Honeywell of the Horticulture Depart nient, went tq Chicago yesteiday for a two day conference with the Floral Delivery Telegraph Assooci ation He will \isit several of the larger greenhouses of that area
Keesling Will Speek At Morning Session Legislative AsseniMy To Hold Meetings At 8 “Speech Activities and the High School Pupil” wil! open, the second day’s activities of the 12th annual Indiana High (School Debater’s Ctonference this morning as debate coadies, high school teachers add administrators meet at 7:45 for a breal^aatAnd diseassioli. Principal speaker of the morning will be Captain Fjraiit^ CIS V Keesling Jr Since 1936 when he was commissioned in the Specialist Reserve, Ca^ptain Keesling has been pldpning the intricate workings <*f the Selective Service. In 1946 he was oi dered into active duty for service with the joint Army and Navy Selective Service Committee. At the piesent time* he is acting as Legislative Officers foi the service. Assembly Opens at 8 At 8 a m the Student Legislative Assembly convenes for the seeofQd time with Fred H Eichorn pl^siding over the Senate in the East and West Faculty Lounges and James M Knapp, Speaker of the House of the Indiana State Legislature, preSee Keesling on page 2 GE'HouseDfM^f' To Present Exhillt Thursday, Friday Public Invited To SlidWi At Jeff, Westside SclKmis “House of Magic,” an exhdrition of discoveries made in the research laboratories of the General Electkie Company, will be presented m Lafayette on Dec 11 and 12 by the Public Service Company of Indiana. Plans call for two afterrkoon and one evening performances in the Jefferson High school auditorium, Thursday, Dec 11, and a single evening show Fiiday, Dec 12, at the West Lafayette Junior High schOpL World’s Fair Feature The show, which was one of the outstanding features of the New York World’s Farr, was created for the purpose of acquainting the public with the type of industrial research being carried on in the CQmpany’s Schenectady, New Yotk, tdh01 atones The presentation wdl he directed by C E Gluesmg, magiekm and scientist, whose showmans)^ makes the exhibition entertaining as well as educational
Coeds Subordinated! Eds Take First In Campus Quiz Conteist
By Jean Lauer
Yes, this IS a man’s campus At least, three 4^1pha Lambda Delta coeds begiudgingly admitted the fact at about 8r|4 last Wednesday as three members of Skull and Crescent wave awarded a rather questionable victoiy over them in a quig
piogiam on WBAA
Demociacy, equal lights, and women’s sufferage standing, Mabel Vaughn, Beth Ludberg, and Jean Lauer themselves at the low end of u. the 88 to 85 final score follow- lequnmg more general inlorjnili* mg fouiteen minutes of fast and P^ky Smith, for msi;anQ«t
furious yeibal battling Kelly Stet tenbenz Pinky Smith and Ken
alumnus who wandered out oilj
ind othei field) None of the girls coul4
Theta Xi
social fraternity, announces the pledging of Bbb Wolfoid, New Albany, Joe Peiiy, Rivei Foiest, 111 , and Hank Wallace, Chicago, 111
was stumped when asked to ItgWte
the tweUth man in the Ohio Michigan game (It turned
Roquemoie composed the team that this twelfth man was a ' '
won the decision
Whispeung, nudginj foims of collrboiation were evident the aiehitect of the Umversify., ' as El me Noidhngei and Baibaia When the gloating males Noid shot out the questions at the given the three-porpt margll^ SIX contestants Questions on all then ill-gotten victory, thby forms of art pi evaded, including fully forced the girls to aecotfl . magazine illustrators, newspaper them to the Sweet Shop tq comics, old raasteis’ paintings, and the laurels of victory even calendar drawings tor each* These questions about art were Yes, this is sure a n»an*s oabii|jhj^ answeied with moie ease than those Theie just ain’t no justice-at
» ’ .,4'" iit-niWil’■•■''; ’’i'. ■" -,
neni
^M'" ^m<yWWB'^--. ''f^Xfl0i ^-^Y' ■ " |"|i^;V;;jM:^i*'JiiiiililS?haf^ for'.tKe' m6st .stujpid catn- • of the current y^kr is a national magi nSdni^^-jesi^giaa coititM i;KiasiR^ ^feifU^, .5^- Jwolv^W^isia, oscula'^ry ~J^bita« thja. artidaa, vrhkh ar« deatinod .^i^bTuary, publication, will reveal that ld|s8i|li||^,ia taboo i^. Japan; bacred in Italy J^; , ^mft^i:iaaM.a;ior pubUe,3^Q;^is,v,a|i4>^8§ tietai^Ql^'Uy been banned Jax ??eyfarai fiolfeg^i> !; ’ ':'■' : went- oh ■ “kiss :stribo^‘*" t“-l^e magazine’s publishers contend that ItisBiti^ (Started unromatiqally enough wh§p [ ^Oj«ia]|%^l^^s,^ bd«ie, brushed ; i' imeir bad be^ d^i^ihgriWihes^ipHkia^ng is i^iereiy a lot.pf piharitic ballyhoo spread by poets and others of tl^jr cientucies. Also scir fhtilfc with i ppe-Joads of have emerged from their laboratori^%i^;4Ur nbu|^f|h?^4rom. #,:Q^. tOi j ,0QO,OQp^^^^ mostly harniful, pass from mouth ill dyeryx.j^umao (^alatipn. The byOiilailh that.l^'enohjipodth^ whoopingj^d’^^^i hifed^los, pneumonia, tuberculosis, ^er» and a -host of other diseases are ^ kisMhg. If true, civilization has be^p^^, Ipflp tosh^ive^ - - j^j^kVPOi^aps the modern coed isn’t too scientif-
Ry BrtN^ PeS^«toa' AAid Robert S.<Alien
iitvlnoff, New Iteii iiivoy To Mu PhenpiWRhRn Of Russia ri JPittse. PoUlles .'; WASHINGTON, P.EC. 5. — Six months agfv tj^e . National Conference of the Soviet,Communist Party met in Moscow. For nearly a year Russia ,ha4 ;^,ay«4 Hitl®!'’® ^aine. Anti-Hitler Communists were in bad odor. In especially bad odor %,as Maxim. Maxioiovich Rifrinoff, ,^ne-time foreign miinister. Of Jewish aarontage, Gitvuioff was. thoroughly out of sympathy , with, regime. Marrifed to a British wife, he also fayOreij cooperation with Great Briiain, pot Germany. So his wife was in exile in Siberia, and he hl^s^h has been stripped of his duties in the forei gn office and meiobership on the Central Commlinist Gommittee. At this rusting of the National Party Conference,, however, IJt•vinoff was stripped even, of his. committee mewbership. He was ousted op the gi-6unds of “inability to .discharge obligation-s,” . Pr9.ba,bly it is typical of the ups and db.wns of Russiai; po.litics that Six mpntjhp after tins lowest point .in Lity.inpff’s career, he should become. Apibassadoi’ to the nation '. whose .future policy the fate . of Itussip . largely depends. ,b TauRh Karly Worker . ; Maxim" LHvinoff ; was born 65 years ago in Bialystok, ■. town in Russian Poland, ,now occupied by Cermany. His i-es^ name Was MeeiGeuokh. Movsheep Yalfakh, but he kits adopted a lorfe .roiiy of. “Party” nicknames—Papalha, Luvinye, Felike, and,* Nits^tfeetber with an equal assortment.assumed names -^David Mordecal Finkle.stein, Lit-
■■~’~Tr?rCT!?!Tt'!T vinoffi Harmom,' M. ■ ^ Bnck^iap^ nnc^,,^Gu.st^v ^ra|jj,^,, has''liL„ ^ everyone who has forged to the front of the Soviet Government, Litvhtog caiab,u^ the %rd vvay -Ueyery. ihcb of it, After a typical Russian nigh- school edueation^ he joined the army at the age of 17 and served for five }’eay&,.it was daring hia service that ho hey ant? ed ill soclaUsm^ Ai\d'when he. goi out, he immediately began to propagandize for the Russian Revolutionary I^emoeratic ipar- , By the time he was 24 he had become a member of .thp Sls(d% shey^ik/ central . committee ; in Kiev, and a yeiir later, in 190i, ^ waa arrested and sontehced to exile in Iberia. Before h® could be seiit to Siberia, horvever, Litvinog escaped and t«! SwU?-
erlamk
The pext fifteen years of Lit-, vinoff’s life were spent in very dangeFous, visits to Russia or. in the company of Stalin, Lenin, Trotsky and other exiles,, in Switz-, erland, France , and England. ..Once, in 1906', Litvinoff turned up in Paris with a huge batch of Russian paper money which the Communists of the, Caucasus', under the leadei'ship of Stalin, had seized in a raid on the- Czar’s treasury in Tiflis. It was Litvinoif’s job to change the money, into smaller, demonination.s and distribute it to party members in Paris. But he was caught with some of the, money on him and expelled from France. Twice during his years in exile he sent ships loaded with munitions to Russia to start revolutions, but in both cases the ships were sunk. • Madame UtvinipH ,. Nine of hiS; y«ars:4B exile were spent in London where he sold corsets, served .as a eleyk in a .publishing company, and married Ivy Lowe, niece of Sir Edward Sidney Lowe and related to Sir Maurice Lowe, well-known to Americans as the Washingtoa cori-espondent of the Lpndon TelegraphIvy Lowe Litvinog has been one of the most cont.rpversiaj characters in Russia. After her marriage she bedame an , ardent Cmumupist^tbpagh^ beeaii^.^ her hnurgeius. background, her loyalty always has been suspected in M,P®®«w- , Tlmre |he co.ndHoti^ a siaton fyebaented bj' the literati. She translated Russian nov-
ic, but h. few have' argue,d that the learned men who hhve devoted their liYes to this Wbi'k we all wet, fciec.auae. hkd enough you tan kill the gel'm8, i)ef‘hai^® erushihg Anotk^r argustei^ that: ha fureaented to these LSCiBOj^ific wohders is that ijaetBria may gd>tQ j|B:wn under th(|, mierdspB?®t th^y 'j^^kfiy^y helpiB^skhij; lyhipl awght:^'i^iSdh'®hody*a.ABsw^
prayer..
These same scientists contend. that the thriU.df 0 springs largely from the. they;. hdt W^; jadmi|j|hat the Jbt of,^f^nfe|iv^. though a ^lot: of sQ-caUfed “poetic ballyhOq.’^^ Purdue coeds,, who Rhe, lamed, fdr their pe->-q^ipig|\,i^d aiW^hipt to adopt 'the' scienlL||sOit|^y:Wih:|ahej,^m^.,0^ aifentihient always part of an ...but' ei-.d^drae.;.we;.-ean iitp^ tha yf«^ther, th^natie^ai ^|g^iB5y,,,or;ithat old ratio bug-aThbQ- Al|^^Oi^iiyd;haYe;!«Qndueted^^h^ naCgi^t.h^lp, but^^f^ .horavHtpKatay ih ®piite,o# rather unroifoagapih publishers. , k
be6ei^er^6,i$^l
rang'In ■ This'Modern. World" at tlie WeMi^y Ppundatioh Vesper sei’vicOs Ipmol-roW ev?^lng at ,6:45 in the First Methodist Church. Br. Bart-
'"’Fc5?e^.. Wdeihs' will be'-the gb^Ms -kf' hbhor at. Wesley Fbunda-' tidn toiliigkt,;.when the organization ■will hbld a foreign student.party at tbg Fpahdgtipp House at 116 Shbetz The'party will begin at 8 p. m. - All foreign students on the'.campus aiiid stutfeiits interested in fbreign custpmb are invited to attend and get .acquainte^. $ames, .music and slmght-bf-Kand tricks -^ill pfo'Vide ehtpftgininjent, and refreshments wiR ;be served, fe.w. , $. cDeiM^r Addresses AAUR^i'l^iiiier XSethering .Over, one hundred University professors and guests attended the dinner meetihg of the Association of University Frofessbrs in the Home Economics Dining Room last night. Prof. Frederick S. Deiblef, head of the department of economics at Northwestern University and president of AAUP, spoke on “The Association, Its Principles and Its Work.” Prof. W. Braswell of the English department served as toastmaster for the evening, j.cl.s.
AH Gmlil Presents In Art' Px^bifim In Union “Music in Art,” an art exhibit being sponsored by the Studenf Art Guild, Was put on display yesterday afternoon in the Music Room of the Union. Seventy, different photographs and reproductions of famous pgintr ings are included in the exhibit. These pictures show scenes of musicians, dances: of all types, and the playing, of . vario.us kinds of musical iPstruments. Under several pictures is the captiop, ‘'‘What type of music would you select for this scene?”' This display which was first shown for one d,ay at the Music Hall, on the occasion of the Rach,maninoff convocation, will continue for two weeks, p.s.
Ta Sponsoir r , FoTi -Swim Next’•Tb^sday from. Tidhi'tb' p.m. WAA will sponsor an ihdiyM': ual swimming .aneet in the Womk;' ,en’s Gym pool. This contest will consist of form ; swimming and races. Any coed is eligible to enter this meet; however, contestants must meet certain stipulations set up by WAA, the most important being that they get some practices in this week-, p-s. Mace b. Qsenbach ' ■' -fi'' i- ''r- ■?’ .■ , - ' '. . . *2<); whs the sttehehsitrl bidder for the assets of the American Bank and Trust Eompkny, of Richipond, Vii'ginia. Mr. Osenbach -will direct the firm in this undertaking and.future plans that involve expa'psioh of investment into similar fields. The corporation will concern itself exclusively with transactians of a RX'ivate banking nature.
' ' els mta Engtisli and' became Moscow's .Nq., 1, hastes.s.,. frequently she accompanied her hw|band to Geneva on his appcari^p^es liefore the League, of. Nations, at whieh time!?, shf took g'reat deiight ih, tvlp-ping. pp.il- B- Ambassador. Hpgh Glbspp, other U. S; career hiplowais VKho soundly hated her,.;. _ Last year, however. Ivy. Litvin^ off was considered just a little too pro-Bi-itish and a little too talkative for a diplomat’s wife. So she ■very conveniently “took up, her abode'’ ip Siberia, where she de..voted herself to her pet ; hobby, teaching Russians -.“hasie English” -T^the essential wofds of the Eng,'fish, language, ‘ • Jailed In London fc Because -Lit-vinoft had lived in England for fi.ve ,,years, he was made the ffrst Amhassador to Loudon alter the Soviet Rnglly established relatioiis. with His Mftj.esty’s Govern'ment- As such, h? spent a month in jail, held as a hostage for the British agent Bruce Lock, hart, who was held in Moscow. During his imprisonment, the Ambassador’s sen.se of humor prompted him to hang this sigh oh the door of his cell: ' “Military Guest of His Majesty.” Afterwards, LitYinoff was deported, and v'eturned to the Russian Foreign Office ■ytheVe he Served under the famous ’Tchiteherin. The two were in constant conflict, each wifk his own personal following which tried to dominate the Foreign OfliCei ButJi»st af Litvinoff achieved his., ambition, of. becoming Foreign Mmjster,. he |uifcred t terriWe , experience, of having ab most his entire,stall purged from under .him. |’wenty-hve^^c^^^^ and assistant chiefs were shot, exiled or committed suicide. Every importarit division except three was cleaiied out completely. Most conspicuous was First Assistant Cothmisar Kfestinsky "icho had been Soviet Ambassador to Germany, He was shot. Many , pf, EitYijnoff’s,.fij.ends consider him lucky to have weathered this stov.ntv Hi^ political eclips.e did not come until Stalin got ready to make a marriage of convenience •with Germ,any, A.n^ considering the fate of his associates, Litvinolf’.s ipcie relegation to a back seat, and flis present comeback as Ambassador to the U. S. A. stamp him as .something of a phenomenon in Soviet Russia. Copyright.' 1941, by ,Unite<l Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
^4 |)r. n fl-' V left wlil .be .the guest .speaker in the lirst of ,a .series of Foundationsponsared lectures by prominent men in the field of religion. , ,. A; native of Iowa and graduate of the Ho&to,ir University School of Theology, Dr-, Bartlett received his PhD from Northwestern tJnivei'sity, and was conferred the HorioraVy degcee of Do,Cto.v of, Diviirity by laWa, IVesleyan Gollege in 1926. Homes 6roup
EC.
. . . president of the University, has just returned from a several days trip' which included speaking dates before University alumni clubs at .Buffalo, N. Y., Dayton, 0., and Indianapolis. At Buffalo, 100 people heard Elliott, while 20p and fOft turned out at Dayton and Indianapolis, respectively.
PresiwhL'fE. E.' fctlidtt,' wflib" is also national pv.esident of ,Better Homes iifi. Americn;, qn.nbuuced ^XCSterday that definite 'plans ffor the establishiiiieint' of a '•‘better hbraca” program in Indiaha are,expected tobe forrnui’ated i at a confei'enee .to be held be.rf ori Tuesday, Dee. 9, A stemihg committecj of fifteen persons h.hs been invited tp irttend the eon;ferehce to .study vario.us ideas concerning the. character and content of a state pi'ogvhm.. Plans .call for the establishmeht of a permanent $tate, Oouheii on Better Homes a§ : well, .as ' demonstration units in certain parts of the state to .serve as patterns of living. In addition to Dr. Elliott, members of the organization committee include Prof. G. E. Lommel, C. F. Boester, Jean Harvey, Prof. R. B. Hull, Dr. J. Roy Leevy, Prof. Mary L. Matthews, and Prof. T. K. Noss of the University staff; Mrs. E. C. Gline, of Richmond; Mrs. George 'W. Jaqua, of - Winchester; Muriel G.'McFarland and G. Stanley Meikte, of West Lafayette; and Mrsl George K. Wells and R. Earl Peters, of Indianapolis, w.c.r.
HEr^RY FQNDA JOANBENNETT in STEWART EDWARD WHITE’S
I h/ ^"‘a COLUMBIA PICTURt; in|lH DAVIS*JINX FALKENBUR6 LAST DAY - 2 HITS BRIAN DQNLEVY ANDY DEVINE .in "SOUTH OF TAHITI" —- ALSO — CHARLES STARRETT
"PRAIRE STRANGER'
mmts TJow?5iS!Bv\SeS!!? MOMMy/lFANyUHWIU; snins,yiiw DM UNDER i
They're at it again... and funnier than ever! The first Thin Man picture in two years! /SffyXam y POWELL U SMA^ oFfm
RARRY DONNA SAM NELSON • HEED • LEVENE ALAN HgNRY CICKIE BAXTER * O’NEILL • HALL LAST TIMES TODAY —
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK — DENTISTS .... 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4fh and Main St. Lafayette
—Also—‘JUNGLE GIRL” Serial
Keesling
STARTS Mlt>NlTE PREVUE TONITE s - \ ' Ji ^ MORf Mmr THiu
(PMAduA. ifxfmtmt
Entered as second class matter at the post office ip Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress .^1^' ** the special rate of postage provided for in sectimi 1103, act of October 3, 1SJ7, authorized January 20, 1922, Published dally except Monday duFlng;the regular acadeiiiic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by iiarner for $3,50 pef year, maU sub-
scriptions,'$'4Lnp;
feUndrAn-Oiief • NfW. m«r nA>riy ,
I
...Ned A. Ochiltree ..John L, frgwxgtt .....Phil Johneon
Buelnesg Manacer.... Uetiajrjna Editor Coed Editor..
.Pc" 8, RqnB.ca ..Ixliind W, Rgffiier '
,.,,„..Kath. Jtqjtt
■ 1 Piibbcatisfl Staff 1 AB»oci»t« EUitore Editdirlzi gtgff: J.^r. Amu». J, H. Armstrons;. D. T. Brophy, ■‘ ft. L, Jisdicy. t'J I. JorieB, k. G. Kit'per, 0. ViGlHrk, J. I), rraser, J. s! kceier. K. Uoyiiton, Alice Ch*itflelil, Jane Enmadeli.
SuaiifM Staff
Cued Bueincfc Mencgvr: Punna Siess; Office H«n«s«r: Lee BosuonK. - ‘ AdwiWgjK k- k- Ojeipw. B. fi, S«ztan: CircuMion M«n«zer: W. T. Bell; Accuunt* Miiiiaker: W. p,. Millard,. . ■ . ■' JM^vkjr^.»d,.MAdaif«i'»: Jean Frankenberry, ^’ranees Lluyd,
. iwd fiufiaaM/ dOftSj Spwlt, 2792 Af^g.lJ9>. M.,i377';
_ Repreeeated for natiunal udvertieink by National AdaertisJac-- College PiibliBhers Kepresentativ«ei 420 MadiBon Aye., New York, N. Y.
Staff Fat Thit iwue Imhc EdUor: Hsator ^oad, II. G. Smith, Ochiltree, Buquemore, J. D. Saoria, Editor i, t-'Urt S' ’ *^;^****''
I'Cbntinued from page 1) siding over the House in the South Ballroom. ,A. general session for those not participating in the as.semb!y will be /held at 8:15 in Eliza Fowler Hall. At this meeting Dr. P. H. Scott of Wa,yne University, Detroit, arid Dr. W. N. Brigance of Wabash College, Crawfordsyille, will ■talk on “Organizing a Speech” and “The Delivery of a Speech” respectively. Following these two meetings. Colonel D,. M. Beere, P. M. S. & T., will introduce Captain Keesling as main speaker at the 10 a. m. general meeting in the Music Hall. Captain Keesling’s topic will be ‘'‘'Military Training for Young Men 18-21?” An open foruiri will also be' hcld at this time. The conference will close with the,■final meeting of the legislating aai^embly, practice debates and 0 ;bu.siness riieeting of the National Forensic League Directors at 1. p. m; d.w.p.
tailored^^to for the Christmas Holiday Bnjoy the dlsfiriCtion of a perfect suit made you. The ideal gift to giev yourself. SPARRENDAHL TAILOR FOWLER t^OTEL ' jPHONE 603Q
w w Jf'
't
'I' /A-
i?* 'I') ‘ J.T‘ f. I I".WWlied'
easons
Although til6" ,'first aippMrance of the'Bdilerrnaker’boxing tjgam isn’t to be until sometime next January, Joe Benna, the Riveter boxing coach has had his team hard at work .since ^November training for this first event and the events that
dre to .follow. M / >■ :^r
With the opening encounter of the 1941-42 son only two days away, 'Piggy Lambert has been
r%TT/-»i/t 4-'Ukr» f,*!-. In o 1nv\ #v ow/1’ ?•
over the Boilermakers’ fast breaking attack and edpolish’anpreparationforthecontestwientheWabash'h^^At present there are about 20 men out for the sport and^^^.,g
there still are a: tew members of last year's team that haven't basketball as played by the ElVeters
ijeported as yet,.
Boxing’ here is only in itf? fifth year fint hy.the well .organized pro{^rani and the entbusias.na. pvt out
There will be an important meeting next Tuesday evening f\t 7:00 in room 101 of the Field"lioiise for all m;ej^ibers; of the Purdue Boxing AfslbbiMi®n, tUld for all otlmrs that arbr interested ^n boxinig,. ,
by the men competin.g' for positions to the team, one could, believe that t^e sport established with the school. Good Material ’ , The fbat Benna ha.s to viUirk wi.th.t.bls lygjijt.p is compo.sod of about .IbcO,-bys.t ,cro.p,..in the history of Rivp,^eri %xjpg:,'and this year •toe ex.p,ec|;s ,tp, .bave!.,.the best and mo.st halapcej. ga'oup'.qf boys that Bbilermaker boxing ians have ever ,htid a chance to see, ■ There are about 12 beginners on the team so far this sea^son to au.gnjent the varsity material that returned fro,ra last year's squad and the coach woiuld like, a few more ijjon weighing : from- 118 to 145 j/ounds. to, come out for the teani. Experience isn’t' necessary;one has time to accuntutefe that as tlie .syason ages, cv.s. , .
Dr. A. M. Irion — DENTIST'-iE' 119 Vi Northwesfern Ave. Phone 4965
fiarms, 194Q Batting Champ br National League, Off To Minors “A hero, today and a-bum’ toifioi’row.” That i,s often the case in the world of sport. Deb .Garms, who won the National League batting crown with a ;355 .mark in 1940, was shuttled off to the minors yesterday. . Garms, 3.3-year-old veteran, played the outfield and at third base foi' the Pittsburgh Pirates, but was sold by that clul) to. Sacramento of the Pacific Coast League after slumi)ing to .202 last year, o.t.c: Track All sfudenLs interested in trying out for I'reshmaii or varsity track plan on attending meeting to be held in room 107 of the Fieldliouse Monday, Dec. 8, 1911, at 4:00 p. m. ^ lEARN TO DANCE CORECTLY PRIVATE LESSONS BY APPOINTMENT — PHONE 2150 — P. M. ALLEN, INSTRUCTOR CHRISTMAS RECITAL Monday, Pee. 15, 8 p. m. ADM. FREE—PUBLIC INVITED
will be gratified to learn that the ebaracteristic ception which has always ——-—r-^
We don’t know exactly where Phil Johnson is this : Weel^d. hdif" Chiedso probably be a goo<t guess. He said somethinjt about an Intramural conference h» •Windy City,': but the .details of his piljrrimaRe have slipped o.«r min^,' In jtily eWe, Jfte" Fraser, one of the junior associate editors had the problem of dreaming'op thin epitlimi'.
I^aress is a guard of the ag-
labeled a,. Lambert coached squad;: will : be in evidence again this:,,year, but wft^t is more important the sqViad’s . additional height makes it more potent than
Should Improve Over 1940-41 Pig.gyi;do)3sn’t claim that he will
put a ,Big Ten winner on the floor Nuetzel, the only letterrnan among this year, bqt he,, is firmly con-, the.pivot group, will be given n run vineed that his 25,th hardwoocl con- for his. money this season by two tingenttq wear'the Gold and Black sophomores who have shown, a lot will make a ,s.trong’ bid for a place' of promise in practice and in the well up in the fiyst division, and freshmen-vai'sity,, cbhtest a 'week , considerably top their performance ago.
beam at the six foot one iiichTifiUrk, ■and Frosty Sprow., who’.'..:i^' fourth in the Big. Ten . scoTThg season, measuring an evefi 'Six
in his stocking feet,. . -.■ ■ifr •■-
The center .spot is loaded “ , 1 , • ' j. ' ! u.. '!, ’good one at that—Charlie is a good men whose heads project above « j ...
: T5'n shot from mid-noor or under the those of their team mates:-—B+IL-, ■
ho^p.
biej|bs j|:he. fact that he is, %n:, feyeii
tall. Red’s work undbr the recovering rebounds is an
in the Boilermaker
He played his prep basketBedford and is a senior. Ah
Local boy
ALLEY’S.
full & Ferry
of last year when they obtained an even break with six wins and a similar number of lo.sscs. This year’s team seems to have, struck an ideal balance. The height, which is .so im])ortant in obtaining control of the ball in both offensive and defensive play, and the .speed, which is vital to the “firehouse” type of ball as practiced by the Boilci-maker.s are both there. . Starting Lineup Fapahle For example, consider a first string' lineup that may take the floor a.gainst any one of the Riveters’ opponents this season, and this balance becomes apparent. At the forward positions will be Capt. IPiO.n Blanken, who tips the
MAKE YOURSELF AT HOME IN A UNION CLUB ROOM For solifl comfort, attractive furnishings, and quiet, res Ifni atmos phere, youdi find the Union Gtnh fills the bilL Perfect fdr guests and for permanent residents.
JPlSL
TyimuyxkdL lAirntL The Corner of the Campus-— Yet the Center of Activities
""SNAPPY CHRISTMAS: ^:ARDS Cliffs Sporfing Goods Corner 5th and Ferry
Of course these two men are A1 Menke, a six foot three inch center from Huntingburg. where they play a lot of good basketball, and .Jack Swantz, a six foot fo.ur ipch performer from South Bend. Oddly euou.gh. Jack played very little basketball while in b-igh. school,' but you would never kpow it. fro,pi watchin.g him play., ... ' Pi.ggy has a wealth of material'' at the guard pQsitio.ns, to chpos? his starters from,, and. they are, all fast and durable. Red Caress, John Conrad, Bob Riley, and Cecil Polk' all have the natural ability and stamina to back up their array of ball handling and shqoting team mate.s. r.w.d.
IM Schedules
Saturday, December fi SQUASH 1:15 - Si'fima Pi vs Alpha .Sijjma Phi .. 2:00 Phi SiKmu Kappa vs Phi Kappa Signia 2:45 Phi Kappa, vs Theta Xi 3:80 Si}>:ma Chi vs Tap Epsilon Phi 4:1{) Delta Chi vs Phi Delta Theta
. . . makes good. That is the story of .John Conrad, senior guard on this year’s basketball team. Conrad played his high school ball at West Point and went from star at a small school to a star at a big school when he entered at the Riveter inand weighs in the neighborhood of
Speaking Ot Cold Weafher
- Although the weather around this heck of the woods is not exactly conducive to thought.s of ice hockey, our attention was drawn reeimtty to some ideas expressed by Vic Heyliger, ho.ckey coach at tfie llniwtaiftf of IlUnois,,^ who guided the Illini team to the national champion’s tHl® last year. Beyliger expressed the opinion that intercollegiate ice hockey is approaching the national status that college golf has reached,, and that within five years, the game may be a Big Ten sport. At the present time, Michigan and Minnesota ai-e the only schools besides iUiimis t» operate a teaml The sport is already yrell established in the East where about 25 schools follow with fanatic interest the ups and downs of their hockey teams. The 14 rinks built on the Pacific coast last year brings thgt section’s total up to 26 active teams. To complete the list, six schools in the St., Louis and Rocky Mountain region sport teams.
► Last Year's Aftempt
This leaves only the-Middle West and of course, the South lagging behind in hockey progress. The South has a climate that resembles that of the Pacific Coast, yet the sport is almost completely unknoiwn there. What’s wrong with the Middle West, no one seems to know. Chicago, with its famous Blackhawks, Indianapolis, Cleveland and Detroit, are rabid hockey centers, yet in the surrounding country, college hockey doesn’t exist. If oui’memory serves us corredtly, a movement was .started last year to organize a team and .get the ball rolling in the Big Ten. The lack of a rink forced the squad to travel all the way to Indianapolis to practice. Talk was circulated to the effect that Indiana was making a similar move and plans .for a game between the two were started. However, despite a good display of interest in the game shown by many eds on the campus, the movement was lost in the oblivion caused by. a lack-of publicity, and what bbeame of the team, very few know. ► Hockey Players, Please Note f
WeiH hockey weather is not-far off and it is our hope.^htg^^ iwill be revived. According to the Illinois coach, WiscO-nsin-.i^pj^liBij^i on'building a;rink and Ohio State alreajdy, has. .blueprints f^ t struction of one. All the sport needs is a .chance to get itselLe^fl Some .good pushing by those connected w'ith the, gquail, cooiperatipm be-^ twqen the Bi,g,Ten schools, and a sympathetic and helpfuLattiU«lj| 1^ the athletic officials of this school ivould: he enough toAuen .thOfij Time and the unparalleled thrills of the ga me would guarantee cess fo the sport. Anyone who has seen the game played by profes.sional teams of the country, will agree that even a. hard,time in matchin.g it for-its thrills., speed, and. body ^ sometimes makes the game as rough asrfootball. „ ► Two Reasons Tor. Worry ■r.'’-- ' To ehangc'the subject—Two teams on the Riveters’ baskelbafi.sc^hjftd;ule hai;e, already opened thoir.seasons and the re.sults of thefir. .g^mes, . promise real struggle.s for the local quintet when they .meet., The Grgat Lakes Naval Training Station team, which will b.e here op ’December 19, got their season under way by beatin.g Notre Dame, .52-.f^ -TK^;i,-i squad of future sailors counts among it^.menribers some of the grt^tgs.b- j,.. ’ names in recent college basketball. Bill Menke, of Indiana, Bobf' ’’ of Detroit, Frank Baumholtz, of Ohio University, Ernie Aniigeg*^,-:^’: - mer Indiana All-Conference guard, Dick Klein, of Northwestern, amf'* Forrest Anderson, of Stanford, are not the type of players tb be‘'btJnL'':“''' sideracriightly. Frank Wiscons, the six foot five inch center of DePapl, scored 16 point.s against Concordia College, Wednesday night, as his. team took an easy 55 to 24 victory. DePaul will face the Riveters next '
Friday night, December 12. ,
■ G* I/: j Bf ‘^ -* »?5S
ASMB: Behria pictures will be taken
Thursday, Dee, 11, at 7 :80 p. m. in Union iiiR by patronesses will be held at 6 :16 _ ballroom instead of Thursday, Nov. 27. Tuesday, Dec. 9 at 129 Sheet*; St. Briny d
—;UTLEY yil't for the Christmas basket. “^VIRTUE ,
Westminster Girls Club: Chtistmas meeti'
■ ■ ,6ij.
Plying Club: Debris pictures will betaken Sat., Dec. 6, at the airport at 1 p. m. Please be prompt.
—HABICHT
W,
‘‘Recent Advances in Petroleum
Freshman Engineers: Meet for Engineering Lectures Saturday, December 6 at 8 aitnj by schools. Students vvhdae names begin with A-E (incl) Room 129, E.E. Bldg., F-Le (incl) Room 201, C,E. Bldg., Li-R
Ceres: Regular meeting postponed until ,,^2.’'*^ 'i?Tuesday, Dec. 9. All actives and new initi- Shops ; S-/ (incl) Room 264 E.E., Bmg.^
ates must attend as fall elections will be held. -r-CHESTER
-KNAPP
Hillel Foundation: Prof. Frank Hall will present second talk on current problems
By Jeannie Laiier
^ ^ V ».% aaa A. v K, \j A\^ VAl la* AllOlaX 1 OlX* 4 * COtTllli l.cttIV * till l,.Ullwlll/ y* ltlUlt.lllO \
pemistry" will be the subject of by tL®“ln_ Foun^ Sal^ Sum'j,-, ^“ser^fdare^' anrthe mik BE SURE TO INCLUDE
at 6 :30.
'If
pGc. 6. Meet at 131 South Grant at 10 p. hi. Tickets may be secured for 25 cents from George King, Paul Busby or Paul Carrington, ■ ^ —WAMPLER '
Pi Tau Sigma: Now initiates may obtain certificates at ME olTice on second floor.
—SHANE
FAO Sophomore Workers: Sign up in oflFice for mid-term interviews, beginning Monday. —PFENNINGER
Purdue Gymnastic Club: Members are asked to pay their dues for Nov. and Dec. at the office of Dr, Eastwood, Room 110 at the Fieldhousc. —POZER
ft speech by Dr, Gustav Egloff, petroleum chemist, at the December ftieeting of the University section of the American Chemical Society 4t 4:30 p. m. Monday in room 106 tifjthe^Chemistry Building. Dr. Egioff's address will be followed at 6:16 by a dinner in his honor in the
Union.
Egloff gi’aduated from Cornell in 1912. He received his MA from Columbia University in 1913 and his doctorate from the same university in 1916. Following this he was « m p 1 o y e d successively hy the United States Bureau of Mines and the Aetna Chemical company. Since 1917 he has occupied the position of Director of Research for Universal Oil Products company.
Received Many Honors
Other honors received by Dr. Eg- Christmas on blanks to be obtained ^ , . , . ^ ® at the Registrars office. Those with pre-
p.m. and the talk
GIFTS OF GLAMOR
Glider Club: Debris pictures will be taken of ull members and pledges Sat., pec, 6 at the Airport at 1 p.m. All those desiring transportation meet at the west door of the Union at 12:46 p.m. —COFFEE
Scriveners: Important meeting Sund.ay, Doc. 7, in room 263 of the Union at 7:30 p.m. —RIEGLE
PIA Dance Class: Last dance class will be held Tuesday, Dec. 0 in the North Ballroom at 7 :30 p.m. —HANSEN
Students From Other Lands: All for^ eign students and students interested ip; foreign customs, languages and person^alities are invited to attend a party at the Wesley Foundation Saturday, Dec. 6, at 8 p.m. —HOPKINS
a long-popular and ever-loved gift among those are the ones that the girls in your life will Christmas packages . . . a box of delicious can- really appreciate and remember ... such dies. There isn’t a person on your list who gifts as can be found at Dame and Wilson’s wouldn’t love to receive a beautifully, wrapped jewelry store? If she’s the Quaint, demure box of delectable candies from GM^v.Goiifec- type, take your choice from the many tionary at the corner of Sixth and IViaih.. All the charming musical powder boxes; if she’d candies here, chocolates, bon-bons, caramels, ahd the speciS,! like something practical, just cast your butter,creams, are home-made. There is no extra charge for eyes toward the case containing literally
wrapping as a gift or for mailing.
Delta Rho Kappa; Initiation will be held
THERE’S SOMETHING SO LUXURIOUS . . . about hostess gowns and housecoats, and whether
hundreds of pen and pencil sets; if it’s glit- '' f "i - ter she demands, a sparkling new compact wquld be; choice.. V;*V.
POMM: Keys are available for those who ordered them. Call at 27 Russell St.
—SULLIVAN
Thursday. Dec. 11 at 6:30 p.m. in room six or sixty, wc Womcn lovc 'cm. Thc selcction at
805 of the Union followed by banquet at 6 p.m. in room 363. —BIERLEIN
Glider Club: Debris pictures will be taken at 1 p.m. Saturday at the Airport.
—SCHAKEL
Reamer Club: Please turn in coupons for MichiRan game to me at Exponent office before Monday, December 8. Important. ■ —RUFFNER
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the second .semester registration, .January 27 and * 28, 1942, are requested to make application be-
loff during his career include the gold medal of the American Institute of Chemists for 1940, the Octave Chanute medal of the Western Society of Engineers for 1939-1940 and the title of “Modern Pioneer” hy. the National Association of
IS experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference.
—R. B. STONE
International Athletic League: Christian Foundation vs. Roger Williams Club at
Classified
Alan’s offers ail styles, and exceptional and appealing* styles they are, indeed. Dressier robes are made of satins and silk crepes and jerseys, featuring quilted material or floral prints; tailored ones come in flannel and candlewick. A stunning outfit at Alan’s includes a tailored robe of heavy satin, with gold button trim, and lounging pajamas to match. Another exquisite outfit has black pajaima trousers, with a knee-length lounging coat, fitted and uniquely flared . . . made of black crepe with
vivid flowers, and lined in red.
AMERICA’S NATIONAL GIFT .. . for men, and a clothes item which is alwdys u#ful and appreciated, is ties. To eliminate'that MterChristmas howling and griping that the males seenT, to love to indulge in over the ties we woifrien choose If or them, just hop right down to Dewenter’s and make lyour selection from the complete assortment bf ties Ithere. Whether it’s silk, wool, or a wool and silk mixrture you decide upon, you’ll find that stripes, foulards, , or Indian patterns are sure favorites with the men. Ties at Dewenter’s cost from $1.00 to $2.00 and all ^purchases are packaged in special Christmas boxes.
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes
1:30 p.m., and Wesley Foundation vs. Pres- sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimebyterian Foundation at 1:45 p.m. on Satur- ograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Mein,
-BLACK Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Eta Kappa Nu: Make plans to go on in-
In Ti’oVn.noi.-iT 1Q/tn spcction ti*i pand conference on Dec. 11-13.
Manufactmeis in Pebiuaiy, 1940. tHp will be. discussed at 4 p.m. Mond.ay.
Lost: Phi Kappa Psi pin. Call Bud Olney. Phone 5057. Reward.
Some of Egloff’s publications include “Earth Oil,” written for the Chicago World’s Fair in March, 1933; “The Thermal Reactions of Pure Hydrocarbons,” 1937; and “Catalysis,” 1940. At present, he is writing three new works, “Emill•sipns in the.Oil Industry,” “Modern Motor Fuel Sources” and “The Refining of Motor Fuels.”
Has 250 Patents
Dr. Egloff has been granted 250 patents on the processing of petroleum oil, coal, shale oil and hydrocarbons and has written over 425 articles relating to these subjects.
Dec. 8 in Reading Room. Those planning
to go should attend meeting.
—SOUTHMAYD
Lost; Gold Whitteneur wrist -watch on Northv/estern of Stadium. Hanlon. Phone 4031. Reward.
Notices
Senior .Mechanicals: Booths for the collection of fees for picture of Rraduatiiig class similar to those now in the halls of the building will be set up in the Mechanical lab from Monday, Dec. 8, through Wedne.sdny. Dec, 10. Fee will be 75 cents and will cover all costs of the picture. All seniors i^raduatinp* in January, June or An-iist are to be included. —GREGORY
GE 35: Removal of Condition Examina- , tion, Dec. 6. Make arrangemei.ts fur tak- . ing the examination in room 202 before Friday, Dec. 5. —OWEN
Novice Pistol:' Students desiring to fire, in the sixth and last novice pistol group »varting Dec. 0, should sign up in Siu'nly Room now. —BROWN
MAKE
the
HOLIDAY SEASON
WARM and MERRY by BURNING COAL
The holiday Reason is here and everyone is catching the holiday mood. After being outdoors, coming into the glow of a warm fire will make your holidays more comfortable.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting of offirer 4 p.m. Sunday, Dec. 7, in room 262 of th Union. Pledges will meet in the Swedisl t Lounge at 5 p.m. and actives will meet a 6 p.m. in the Old Chestnut room for ; hunquet. —SIGLER
at
NORTH STAR COAL 308 Brown Dial 2405
MOST IMPORTANT ITEM OF ALL . . . at Dame and Wilson’s is the fact that all Purdue students can open accounts, using their passports as identification. 250 students already.have taken advantage of this opportunity that enables them to have 30 weeks in which to pay for any purchase. In addition'^ to all standard brands of watches, jewelry, land manicure and evening sets, Dame and Wilson’s carries Evening in Paris and Lucien Lelong cosmetics and toiletries, both of which are most popular gifts.
JUST TAKE A LOOK AHEAD ... to the many gala occasions and festive parties that will soon be here, and make a note to look yohr loveliest. And for truly sparkling beauty, nothing counts more than a gleaming, enhancing hair-do. Give your spirits a lift and your appearance a boost by making an appointment soon at Loeb’s Beauty Salon.
DON’T LET HIM DOWN, GIRLS ... give the man in your life a gift that shows the care you’ve taken in it selection. Such a gift is a BETTER shirt from Geisler’s, a shirt with those additional details of workmanship that a man truly appreciates. Look for the finer buttons and button-holes, better stitching, excliusive fabrics, and the 7button front in the shirt that really stays down. And Geisler’s have newer, smarter collars that really; fit, and will make that man mighty happy.
SATISFACTION AND PERFECTION . . . are worth seeking for, in hair-styling as well as anything else, and they are yours when you’re hair is done at the Kienly Beauty Studio, 662 Main Street. All the operators ajre experienced, and their work imparts a c||:’tain smartness that is difficult to excell. A special feature at Kienly’s Beauty Studio are the Purdue Coed Days. They are every Wednesday and Thursday, and any coed is given a shampoo and set for only 75 cents.
FOR COMFORT AND COZINESS . . . you’ll not be able to beat the huuse-slippers at Smith’s. There’s nothing warmer in a freezing dorm or early-morning room. For girls there are the electrified sheepskin scuffs that resemble fur. Dressier styles are made in Satin, such as mules, and in felt. For the boys there are sheekpskin hi-low slippers, felt Everett’s with straight side and tongue effect, and operas in wine, blue, and brown. If there are any little ones on your Christmas list, be sure and see the adorable felt bunny slippers.
FOR A MAN IN SERVICE ... who can’t use the usual collection of socks and ties and shirts, stop in at Southworth’s downstairs gift shop and take your choice from the many special gifts designed for soldiers and tested by men in the camps . . . and enthiisiastically endorsed by them. Included are such items as poker sets, in leather kits, a money belt in leather or khaki to wear on dress parade when no money can be carried in pockets, and khaki-covered pneumatic pillows that are fiat for packing in knapsacks, and ean be blown up when needed.
IF YOU WERE THE BOSS
Which would you Hire? We know that clothes do not make the man, but they go a long way in Getting Attention.
Get the habit of looking your bestcleaned regularly.
-have your clothes Crown
PLAY SANTA TO YOURSELF ... and buy a new pair of dress shoes for the holiday teas and parties. A pair of turf tan calfskin pumps will go with everything, and will supply that extra smartness to any ensemble; beautiful gabardine pumps with faille trim are gay and festive; or you might prefer a pair of Connie specators in black, brown, or blue with snake trim ... you’ve seen them many times on the pages of Vogue. Smith’s is the place to get them.'
IF YOU LOVE THE DISTINCTIVE . . . then choose your Christmas gifts from the] treasures to be found at Mohlman’s jewelry stoi-e. A gift of beauty and good taste for any girl is a dresser set by Elgin'American. Combining gold-plate with colored enamel or genuine hand painted cloisonne enamel, these are guaranteed to delight any feminine heart. Perfect in practicality and appearance are the military sets by Gorham. The brushes are sterling-silver backed and come in teakwood boxes which can be used as cigarette humidors later ... a truly royal gift for any man.
'X
FOR sleeping BEAUTIES
@R0WN Immm
we recommend p. j.’s from the large collection at Queen City. The crepes come with stripes, polka dots, or floral patterns with dainty lace trim and pearl buttons. More tailored styles come in plain colors and feature a convertible neckline. And the brushed rayon numbers are warm and comfy as well as most attractive in red, white, and blue stripes or old-fashioned floral designs. Prices ? $2.25 to $2.98.
A SURE BET., . along the gift line is something from the cosmetic counter at Loeb’s. Anything at this well-stocked counter is sure to click with the woman in your life. For example, the sachet dolls and figurines are unique and attractive gifts. Perhaps she’d like the blue and red clown, with white polka-dots all over his vivid costume, or the dancer in pink and blue; maybe she’d prefer the pink felt musician or the white lattice cart filled with sachet bags. And the clever little boxing gloves are really knock-out. All are delicately scented and boxed in cellophane.
U}slAsl buL— THERE’LL BE NO MORE STROLLIN
HAND IN HAND tinh^ ipiL UksL pwAibW^it^ b/mclA.
WISE OLD SANTA .. .
knows that for'quality work and efficient service the cleaning work of the West Side Laundry just can’t be beat. He knows, too, that holiday parties and dances aren’t far off and smooth, well-cleaned and wellpressed dress clothes will be the order of the day. So why delay another moment... better call up right now and have those
$1.98 here at Carl’s, and a large variety is of- wrinkled duds smoothed up by the West Side Laundry,
fered ... gabardine, leathers, and crepes, as well .
as this season’s love—the broadcloth bag. You’ll be noting a A GALLERY OF GIFTS .. . new all-over leather or fabric look in these purses, since little ^iwaits you at Lodde’s jewelry store. Remetal is being used on them these days. There are over 1,200 nrieniber all those on your gift list with the
SMOOTH FLATTERY ...
and longer wear are contained in every pair of hose at Carl’s shoe store. Both silk and nylon are available here in every smart winter shade, as well as graduated lengths and sizes that assure a flattering fit. Bags cost,but $1.00 and
to choose from . ., see them soon.
THE CHRISTMAS SPIRIT ...
is indeed present in all its festive gaiety at Southworth’s new downstairs gift shop. Among the more elegant gifts for the girls that are tq be found here are the Bates gold-plated evening bag or manicure set . . . it also comes in leather or velvet. Any girl will rave about the lighted make-up mirrors . . . made of a metal that resembles chrome, the light sets in behind the mir-
quality jewelry that is Lodde’s keynote. Exquisite pearls are a lovely complemenjTto feminine beauty, and gorgeous lockets/and pendant sets are appealing and sparkling. You will find a superb array of gifts for men as well . . , and the thing to note about all merchandise here is its exceptional quality.
1
V«ris5«'
FROM NOW ON, THE THOUGHTFUL FELLOW WILL TAKE HIS DATES IN A WARM, COMFORTABLE
YELLOW
FOR FINE CRAFTSMANSHIP IN FOOTWEAR. you men should be sure to see the wide variety of colors and styles in masculine foot-
ror which screws into a reflector. These are the perfect answer appeal to to the problem of imOTOperly applied make-up. Another smart , _4dtlle oxfords a^d^hravy and useful gift IS a Ghda traveling set, containing those little brogues. You’ll find both heavy and tab rubberized packets tor all your cosmetics. . , ini'-
A THOUGHTFUL GIFT ... ^ and an ever-welcoine one, is a book. Select fiction, non-fiction, or one of the latest novels .. . depending on the pi’eferences and taste of the individual to whom you are giving it. Exceptional values in books are offered at the" University Book Store . . . you can buy best sellers. Deluxe editions, music, biography, fic-
brogues. You’ll find both heavy and grade- leathers, single, or double soles
just everything you desire in fine-grade shoes
with the times in a new pair of shoes.
Keep In step
tion, art, and reference books at one-half,vjne-
fifth, and even one-tenth of their originally published prices.
And while you’re browsing through the books, don’t overlook
ANNOUNCING TO ALL MEN . . .
that I Gullion’s is the headquarters for formal clothes and accessories. Are you a borrower? When a daniie looms up do yod search around for someone whose tux or tails you might wear? Why not put an end to all this and play Santa to yourself by purchasing your own formal attire at Gullion’s? And don’t forget the accessories ... cuff links studs, and boutonniere . . . you can buy them to
the extra-special collection of Christmas cards offered by the match. So whatever it is yOu need 'or want along this line University Book Store. remember to stop in and get it soon! ‘ '