iiMUiiii
^ »> I-'. ^ ’* f*"f wy** 'A^''i'
, |W ^ n "1. i ,'4^
T
' •'I
Ti J JrUrciUG
Z-1S5
Exponent
*r:>" ■ rSI-W'
^'s (4"‘:^.fl‘-C-'#^.
.‘-''“rij
^ ' i “T
''f ■’I >S5'
Voluibe 51. No. 118
Sotiifdcqr* Tehmaof 24» 1040
Scabbard And Blade Pledges 33 New Members Last night approximately 400 couples danced to the music of Charlie Cartwright and his “music styled lightly and politely” in the ^outh ballroom in the Union. Dancing was from 9 until 12 with co-eds having one o’clock hours. Promptly at 10:30 p. m. all new Scabbard and Blade pledges were formally pledged
to this military honorary.
vely ” '
Pianfetti Escapes Injury As Pentane Vapor Explodes
if
The ballroom was attractively decorated with a large backdrop containing the Scabbard and Blade flag on a blue background. On each side of this were the Purdue and the United States army flag§. Standing out in the crowd were' the official uniforms of the advanced military students which contrasted with coed formals and other eds in tux and tails. Another interesting feature was that no corsages were worn by
the co-eds.
Perrin Chairman Andy Perrin, senior military student and a Scabbard and Blade member, was chairman of the affair. Assisting him were P. T. Cooper, decorations; J. G. Eilering, tickets; W. 0. McWorkmhn, invitations; E. C. Schrader, orchestra; K. C. Houston, publicity; and R. Glasser, programs. Pledges are: K. J. Thompsofi, L. E. Aull, B. W. Gibson, L. B. McCammon, H. Wist, W. A. Ward, M. E. Keane, H. C. Goebel, C. L. Norquest, W. L. Holcomb, J. W. Oswalt, P. J. Roth, K. 0. Cartwright, A. W. Kettler, A. C. Goerss, V. A. Woodling, J. R. Blakwell, B. Golding, R. E. Macherey, A. C. Weed, R. G. Massey, S. H. Wheeler, S. E. Werngren, G. T. Sollitt, R. E. Hawker, W. F. Taylor, L. D. Gilmore, J. W. Post, J. J. Vana, and J. R. Jacobson. All are junior military students who have a high scholarship rating and have shown outstanding leadership ability. Three Band Members Three members of Purdue’s AllAmerican band were selected. They are: H. A. Todd, Hunter Smith, and JR. A. Krull. Also present at the pledging was tbe Scabbard and Blade associate member Dr. S. J. Miller, of the University health ser-
vice.
YWCA Will Present Capers" Tonight In New Ballroom “Co-ed Capers,” a co-ed stunt night sponsored by YWCA, will be presented this evenjng at 7 o’clock in the south Union ballroom. The program will feature stunts by the campus sororities and three Wom-
en’s Residence Halls.
A good deal of variety is promised by the stunts which will range fiom musical stunts and table talk topics to bloodthirsty melodramas
of the old West.
After the stunts have been given, a plaque for the best stunt will be piesented by Catherine Cooley, YWCA president. Miss Ruth Houghton, director of placement service for women; Mrs. P. B. Knight, president of the YWCA Advisory Board; and Professor J. E. Dietrich, of the Speech department, will be the judges for the occasion. Bryai^t Heads Capers The YW chan man in chaige of arrangements for the capers is Ruth Bryant. The following girls are chairmen in the participating houses: Alpha Chi Omega, Virginia Royce; Alpha Xi Delta, Margaret Young; Chi Omega, Myra McKee; Del|;a Gamma, Virginia Creson; Kappa Kappa Gamma, Ann Beard; Phi Mu, Mary Schnaible; Pi Beta Phi, Dorothy Eberhardt; Thaeles, Charlotte Braude; WRH North, Jane Ramsdell; WRH South/Jean Van Gorkham; WRH West, Martha
Moon.
Electoral Board ... of the UniveifSity Theater yesterday interviewed a large group of candidates for 20 student manager positions on the Varsity Show. The board was unable tp complete its selections, necessitating an extra meeting which will be held this afternoon.
John Pianfetti, a graduate student, while working on his doctor’s degree, was experimenting with hydrocarbons yesterday, when some pentane vapor escaped and was igpited by a nearby Bunsen burner. The flames swept through his research laboratory which is located on the second floor of the Chemistry building. ' The fire spread rapidly, blocking the doorway and thereby forcing Pianfetti to flee through a window to a Ipdge outside the building. He was fescued from his precarious position by Professor Macbree who climbed from a nearby winodw to assist him. Pianfetti, though suffering no burns, was taken to Home Hospital to be treated for shock. Professor Pearce, who with Lou Thomas, another graduate student, extinguished the flames, burned his hand. The damage from the fire and water was estimated at from $200 to $300. Martin's Swingsters Will Play On Campus Campus Varieties, WBAA’s regular Saturday afternoon 3 o’clock broadcast, will originate today from the South ballroom of the Union with Bill Martin’s orchestra supplying the majority of the music. Making their initial appearance on the bioadcast will be Chuck Wolfe, fieshman pianist, and the Melody Maids, six girls who have formed a new vocal organization on the campus. Pat Henie, well-known campus actress, will return to the program after a long absence. Charlie Powell, Alberta Schmadel, Jim McKillip, Frank Kuhn, Eddie Loveless, Ruth McDaniels, and Jean Skinner will complete the line-up of talent for today’s broadcast. Program Open To All Though the broadcast does not start until 3 p. m., preliminaries of the program will start about 2:30. The program will. be as always, open to the student body. Besides the i“Week in Review” and the “Carmichael Tune of The Week,” which this week is “Judy,” two regular features of the program, there will be several novelties on the broadcast including “Sweet Sue” sung in three differeht styles: cioon, swing, and operatic. Two of the newest popular songs will also be presented on the program, “With the Wind and the Rain in Your Hair,” and “On the Isle of May.” The latter is an adaptation from Tschaikowski’s D - M a j o r String Quartet, Andante Cantible movement and is slated by the music publishers to take on where the recently popular “Moon Love,” left off. Other tunes to be heard include “720, in the Books,” “Between 18th and 19th on Chestnut Street,” “Touch of Your Hand,” “Summertime,” and, “Honky Tonky Train.” Skull And Crescent I .., sophomore honorary organization, announced the postponement of the Sophomore Cotillion from March 16 to a tentative date of May 10. The postponement, it was stated, is due to the University regulation announced recently that “fraternity week” will be limited to March 15 and 16.
125 Couples Dine, Dance At Annual TAP Formal Beginning the evening with formal dinners held in the houses of Triangle, Alpha Gamma Rho, and Pi Kappa Phi fraternities^ members and their dates danced to the music of Jack McCartney and his band in the North ballroom of the Union last night. Approximately 125 couples attended the annual TAP formal.
To the Students of the University: The steadily inci^easing tendency on the part of certain students to cut across the grass areas of the campus is observed todaiy with considerable regret. Such students ap^pear to be unmindful of the longtime sentiment attached to such places as the Oval. In the newer areas of the campus, where the Trustees of the University are making special efforts to landscape and otherwise to develop the grounds, but scanty attention is paid to the “Please” signs. This has resulted in considerable damage to sections recently planted. To protect the University against the losses of money, time, and appearance due to these acts of vandalism, the Superintendent of Physical Plant has been instructed to apprehend those who insist upon walking across the Oval, the newly planted areas lying west and south of the Executive Building, and the circle in front of this building. Such students will thus become liable to penalties similar to those now imposed upon those violating the campus parking rules. Edward C. Elliott, President.
Chenworth Plays For Mixer Tonight Art Chenworth and his orchestra will play from 9 p. m. to 12 p. m. tonight for the “Mixer of the Month.” Dancing will be in the South ballroom before a backdrop which picturizes the important anniversaries occurring during the month of February. The regular admission price of one dollar will pievail. WBAA To Present Safety Quiz Monday Afternoon “Recreational Safety” is the subject of the second safety quiz, which will be heard over station WBAA next Monday afternoon from 2 to 4:30. Two students from each of four local high schools have been chosen by pieliminary examinations to appear on the program. The quiz was inaugurated for the purpose of intensifying public interest in the subject of safety.
Boilermaker Cage Kings Face Wisconsin Tonight
All Engineers May Compete In Hanley Contest This Year Contrary to the plan followed in previous years, all engineering students regardless of class will be eligible to enter the Hanley Speech contest. In the four previous contests only sophomore, junior, and senior students were eligible. The contest IS sponsored annually by William Hanley, ME ’ll, supervising engineer of the Eli Lilly Company in Indianapolis. The purpose of the affair is to give engineers training in public speaking and to acquaint them with practical business economics. Contestants may speak on a subject their choosing so long as they approach the subject from an economic standpoint. Preliminaries for the contest will be held at 4 p. m. Wednesday, Marcji 13, in room 301 University Hall. The finals will be held in Fowler Hall on Thursday, March 20^ at 7:30 p. m. Judges for the final contest will include two representatives from the speech department, one from the engineering school, one from the economics department and one outside engineer. Cash prizes will be awarded the winners. First place winner will receive $36; second place, $25; third place, $15; fourth place, $10; and fifth and sixth place winners $5 each. Those interested register in Room 108 in University Hall under Bob Horn, of the Speech department. Movies Wi7/ Shaw Coast Guard Life Coast Guard activities as seen at the United States Coast Guard Academy will be described in a lecture to be given in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering building at 4 p. m. Monday, February 26. In order to illustrate the many activities of the Coast Guard and its educational and vocational possibilities for ambitious youth, the lecture will be presented for the student body. Motion picture illustrations will show scenes from the Academy which is located at New London, Connecticut. Men between the ages of 17 and 22 are eligible for entrance to this accredited engineering school provided that they have a high school education, are physically sound and unman ied.
You Lost It - - Senate Has It
By Jerry Mueller There comes a time in every man’s life when he morbidly thinks to himself, “I wonder where I put this or that ” The usual answer is that he misplaced it; and after a long sehich finally finds it. But this little epistle of glad tidings is not dedicated to those who found what they lost, but to those who lost what they lost. This applies to both eds and co-eds. It seems that up on the second floor of the Union Building in the new addition there exists a little group of men who are there (constantly) to receive lost, strayed, or discarded things. They are called the Student Senate Lost and Found boys. Their chief trouble, and incidentally their chief complaint, is that they find things but nobody seems to care. Are They Appreciated? Now the little men who are there know that the student body appreciates their work in retrieAdng all lost articles but they wonder if this appreciation cannot be strained a little farther. Briefly the lost and founders would like the students to
Badgers Face Lambertmen On Own Floor • Fresh From Two Point Defeat
By Ed Eatzenberg
Badger hunting seems to be the thing right now, and tonight. Coach Lambert’s league leading basketeers are going to be utilizing plenty of hot spherical leather ammunition in shooting five very particular Badgers clear olf the Wisconsin hardwood and into the water (the showers) for shelter. Boilerr maker marksmen have been working diligently throughout the past week in sharpening up the old shooting eyes, until now, they stand ready to descend upon the Wisconsin aggregate with all the deadliness of a Finnish patrol on a blitzkrieg. They’re All Set
With the return of Don Blanken, sophomore dead-eye, to top playing form after recovering from a badly scraped hand suffered during the hard - played Illinois encoimter. Coach Lambert’s lads might now be said to be in perfect physical trim, ready and able to back up the oft-repeated statement that Purdue has the fastest playing combina-
tion in the Conference.
All Good
With at least eight eligible starters on the Boilermaker lineup, ^‘Piggy” has no reason to depend on any one combination, so the decision as to which five Riveters wiU race onto the floor when the first whistle blows, is still in the laps of the gods. Keeping Wisconsin tallies to a minimum wiU be Captain Freddie Beretta and Eli Yeager in the guard positions, with rangy Dan Fisher a probability to hold down the center spot. Sharpshopters Igney, Blanken, Sprowl, or iron wristed sophomore, Johnnie Tierney, wUl open the game'!for the BoUermakers at the taUy pqsitions. Badgers Can Bite v Holding the Hapac-led Ulini to a scant two point margin in the closely contested cage battle down at Champaign, might well be taken as strong evidence that the Badgers are on the up-grade in this, the home stretch of the Big Ten basketball toprney, and might weU force the Lambertmen to the limit. Being fourth from the top in the Big Ten individual scoring, with a totsd of 81 points scored against opposition, is the mark held at the present time by Badger leader Gene England, with able forwards Anderson and Epperson quite capable of fiUing the iron hoop several times during the evening. If Claude York, forward, steps back into the lineup against the Boilermakers with the same dangerous form against fast opposition that he demonstarted before illness drove him from the lineup, the tight Boilermaker defense that went into operation against the Michigan club might be sorely needed in tonight’s fray.
come and claim their things. And what a group of “things” they are. Literally the closets contain everything from soup to nuts. Being of a naturally inquisitive nature we journeyed up to the Senate office just to see what we could see. One of the little men who appointed himself as our guide began opening closets, showing us desks covered with all sorts of things, and generally confusing us. We saw brief cases, hats, (nice ones, we tried sopie of them on), coats, raincoats, books, slide rules, and a million other things running from glue to fountain pens. Even Date Books It seems to us that the student body would enjoy touring around this pile of stuff even if they did not lose anything. Our chief enjoyment was finding a lost date book which contained some^ interesting addresses. All this patter runs to one end. “If you have lost anything, would you mind claiming it at the Student Senate Lost and Found Office in the Union.”
Shawn Will Present Hew Type Of Dance Ted Shawn and his band of modern dancers will bring to the campus a new type of dance when they piesent, “0, Libertad” at the convocation in Memorial Gym Wednesday, February 28, at 8 p. m. Choreography for the dances is done by Shawn. His work is all truly masculine and symbolizes the vital rhythms of human life. The music for the dances is composed and played by Jess Meeker, a composer - pianist. All dancers have spent years of training in the Shawn School in Massachusetts. Shawn is attempting to awaken the youth of America to a respect and liking for masculine dancing. This convocation is one night only and all passports and season tickets will be honored for admission. Save Your Pennies! Sportswomen Plan Carnival March 9 Plans are now under way for the annual WAA Penny Carnival to be held on Saturday, March 9, from 7:30 to 12 p. m. in the Women’s gym. The affair is sponsored by Sportswomen. Arrangements are in charge of Mary Mather, president of the
organization.
Sororities, co-op houses. Women’s Residence Halls and other co-ed organizations will sponsor booths, with a cup award to the group having the most attractive and original booth. There will be a charge of one cent for admission to the booths and a prize will be given to the organization making the most money. < In addition to the entei tainment offered at the booths, a special progiam will be given during the evening. From 9 to 12 an orchestra w(ll provide music for dancing. Journalists Pledge SDX At Indianapolis Thirteen pledges of Sigma Delta Chi, national jounnahstic honorary, were initiated yesterday afternoon at 5:30 in a joint ceremony held with the Butler and DePauw chapters at the Lincoln Hotel in Indian-
apolis.
Following the initiation, the Sigma Delta Chi silver cup award for Class two dailies was presented to Editor Louis D. Hiner of the Rushville “Republican” by Don Terrio, editorial director and local chapter president, at the Hoosier State Press Association convention ban-
quet.
Those pledges who were initiated at Indianapolis yesterday were Dau Heiple, Rolund DeHoog, Robert Donahue, James McKee, Morgan Miers, John Willsey, Jack Orr, Lawrence Archibald, Roger Finley, Don Smith, James Hebbler, Stewart Marquis, and Joe Dolan.
Dr.L. M. Sears Speaks At Kiwanis Luncheon In an address Thursday noon before the Kiwanis Club of Lafayette, Dr. L. M. Sears, of the university, declared, “We should cherish the memory of our heroes for what they stand.” He spoke on George Washington and Abraham Lincoln, saying the latter “was the champion of liberalism and broadmindedness.” Lincoln and Washington were also referred to as persons who utilized “their opportunities gi-eatly in this land of opportunity.” Dr. Sears warned the Kiwanians not to forget the “glorious past.” During the weekly luncheon meeting, John Ave, of the Public Service Company of Indiana, was elected to fill the vacancy on the Kiwanis board of directors.
Dick Barrie
. . . and his orchestra with, their “Music of the Moment” will play for the annual Phi Kappa Psi-PhI Gamma Delta j^ersem Hop tonight in the new Union ballroom. Featured with the band is Eddie MetcaHb^ tenora.M'l
>' .' ■ ' ;.'■ :v; -;, , -i*;: ;■-,: ■;■ ■ :i
V /
THE HnRDUE EXPONENT
Sataxday, February 24, 1940
(t/aH ThiiOA.
For the past week the Women’s Gym has been the scene of various feats of the women athletes. According to the lusty shouts coming from the gym, and resulting battle scars exhibited by the contestants, intramural basketball is 'OFell under •way. The schedule of games is posted in the gym. Support your team and get in practice for class basketball that will follow the intramural tournament.
Your last chance for class rirfery team practice will be held Tuesday from 7-8:30 p. m. In order to win WAA points, two practices are required.
March 2 will be Sport’s Play Day at Greencastle, according to latest reports from the Women’s Sports Association of DePauw. Twelve WAA delegates will be sent from here to participate in badminton, shuffleboard, and volleyball games. After a morning of recreation, lunch will be served by the sororities. All girls who are interested may sign up at the gym. Transportation will be provided.
Have you played your ping pong match ? Consult the schedule in the gym and contact your opponent to arrange the date of your impending battle.
Notices Ns notices will be accepted after 8 p. m. Skull and Crescent: There will be no CotiUion meeting at the Phi February 29. .—BELLEfa. Purdue Radio Guild: Meeting Thumday. February 29, instead of tonight. There will be a speaker at that Military Basketball: Participants in Military Basketball Tournament see Intramu^ court schedule this date. First 7 p. m. wAA Tonnwunent Schedules: WAA tournament schedule^ shuffle ping pong, are posted in the gym. First round, Friday, March 1. _j^QLI}iaSr. 8»1 — TJYA Workers: Checks are now availab^ at the Cashier’s OfiEice in the Executive Bmlding. —HOLLENSBE. Smdor Military: An examination will be given in Room 202 Armo^ at 4 p. m. Tuesday February 27, for those students having a “C” grade in ..aw lb. iotm I.. "p*JJkeeS“ Club: Ticket® for remaining hasketball games ’will be distributed at banqSIt nSct^nday night. Junior acUv^ are expected to attend. AU in Room 868 at 6:20 p. 'ra., Monday, PebruARCHIBALD. Examinations lor conation removes to History, Economics and Government, '^ese will be held Saturday, March 9, at l .OT p. m, room 808, in the Recitation BmWing. Application must be made in the History office no later than Friday,
English and Speech Conditions: Exa^nAtienfi for removal of conditions UA^d speech wUl be held Satur^. Sferjb 2, beginning at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the Education building. _milLER.
WAA mflery: A list of class team members and class schedul^ is post^ on the bulletin board of the Women s Gym. The tournaments are Turaday, Thursday, February 22; and Tuesday, February 27: shooting from 7 to 8:30 p. m. Attendance is required ^,two of th^e nights in order to wet WAA points and numerals. —HARRISON. Union Freshmen: All staff assignment are posted on bulletin (2-24) WSGA Counselors: All who received notices please caU for your counselors note^2^4) -COLLOCH. Modem Dancers: All modern dance people come to weekly rehearsal every Tuesday at 7:15 p. m. Three practice periods scheduled at 4 p. m. Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday. All girls must report one of these days to be eligible for evening group. First meeting Monday, February 26 at 4 p, m. —KNIGHT.
—OSBURN. Senior Tactics: War department training on the "Tactical Employment of _ the Anti-aircraft Artillery Regiment" and "Machine Guns in the Attack” will be shown in room 104 of the Armory on Friday, February the 23 and February 28 at 4 p. ». Attendance for senior military studente is optional: others interested are also invited. —THOMPSON.
DANCE CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S Wed. Feb. 28, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED Thurs. Feb. 29, 7:30 p. m. Indiana's Largest Dancing School PHONE 2150 AliLEN^S btb ead Fetty
£lhah,£dHA, Bf Haak Milter
Art Radkey is the author of the play to be presented this afternoon at 1 on W B A A’s Radio Stage broadcast. Titled “The Kiss of the Promise of Death,” it was written by Radkey when he was in Purdue and directing Radio Stage himself.
ABTHDB BADKEI
Radkey is now assistant to Joseph Riese, head of the Ohio School of the Air, and works in Cincinnati where he writes several programs for WLW, among them are Fortunes Washed Away, which last year was in one of the top places for educational dramas. Dick Pittenger is at present the director of Radio "Stage, having taken it over last August.
NBC’s Opera broadcast today starting at 1 p. m. will present Giovanni Martinelli singing the title role of Verdi’s Othello . . . Also in the cast will be Lawrence Tibbett and Elisabeth Rethberg . . .Ettore Panizza will conduct.
Trinity Highway in^northern California curves around the grave of an 8-months-oLd baby born and buried in 1864, whose true story the
student Union Workers: There will be a meeting of Tilt’s and Hoffer’s committee, both freshmen and sophomores, Monday, February 26, at 4:00 p. m. in the Union office. -^HOFFER.
Co-ed Forensic Managers; Meeting Monday, February 26, at 4 p. m. in room 308 University Hall. Remember to bring your money. —McKNIGHT.
E E Seniors: Membership in AIEE must be applied for prior to March 1st in order to take advantage of the 10 dollar saving upon application of Associate grade of membership as an alumnus. (2-28) —NITSCHB.
PI A Dance Class: First meeting Wednesday, February 28, at 7:00 in Women’s Gym. Must have dance tickets and membership cards. —CARL LUTE. '
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in room 303 of the Union, Tuesday, February 27, at 7:30 p. m. —KNIPP.
Biology Students: Condition examinations in Biology 18 will be given March 2 at 1 p. m. in Room 211 of Coulter Hall. —BEHRENS.
Gold Peppers: Meeting Monday, February 26 at 6 p. m. in room A of the Union. Anyone not present will automatically forfeit their vote for pledges. Reamer, Gold Pepper dinner at 6 :60 p. m. —MITCHELL. A Ph A: Important meeting Tuesday, February 27, at 4 p. m. in room 206 of the Pharmacy building, Be there! ^Marriage Lectures: The last of a series of marriage lectures entitled "Reasons for a Successful Marriage’’ will be given Sunday, February 26, at 6:30 p. m. in the West Lafayette Baptist Church. Reverend Gleason will lead a discussion of any questions. —FORD. Freshman l^gineers: Students assigned to engineering lectures will report on Saturday, February 24, by schools as follows: A-E, room 264 EE building; P-Le room 129 EE building; Li-R, room 201 CE building; S-Z, room 101 Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP.
Co-op Venture: Change in schedule — Meese’s group for this week’s issue Twin Pines Rochdale Westminster, Meese editor. (2-24) —ELY.
Interfraternity Rifle: Interfraternity rifle matches to continue until Friday, March 1, at 5:30 p. m. —SMITH.
LUMA -SUNDAY - MONDAY-
DOUBLE FEATURE
WiUlAMj
PGWELl iMVRNA IGY
Ik
Plus—2nd Feature A First Run Hit!
fiW lilTlC PEPPERS AT > HOME g
with EDITH FELLOWS
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES ROY ROGERS in "Days of Jesse James" — ALSO — ROCHELLE HUDSON in "Convicted Woman"
Dr. Hadley To Close Religious Week Dr. Lawrence Hadley, of University mathematics department^ will speak on the subject of “Personal Integrity” tonight at 7 in the West Side Methodist church. Dr. Hadley’s talk is one of a seizes sponsored by the Wesley foundation in connection with Religious Week. The series will be brought to a close tomorrow evening at 6:30 with a communion and consecration service in charge of Kay Fosbrink at which Nelle Morris will sing “My Task.” Westminster Club Plans Skating Party Tonight Westminster Club, Presbyterian and Congregational students are having a skating party tonight at Maple Point. All students attending will meet at Rev. Finley’s, 123 Sheetz Street at 10:30. Those interested in coming earlier may enjoy a scavenger hunt which "will begin at Rev. Unley’s at 7:30. Tickets for the affair are priced at 26 cents.
Old Ranger will tell in “Highway Turns Aside,” the Death Valley Days dramatization, tonight, at 8:30 p. m. over WMAQ. Engineers planning the highway in 1923 deflected its course to leave undisturbed the grave of Charles Brounstein, infant son of George and Helen Brounstein. Two sisters and a brother of the baby who had lost trace of the grave learned of it through work of historical societies.
Co-ed Swimmers: Practice for the telegraphic meet will be held Saturday, February 24, at the Memorial Gym. ^ ' —SPEARS.
JonuMowiStL JhsLChJuhduLii. Episcopal Students Services and Meetings at St. John’s Church, 6th and Ferry, Lafayette. 8:00 a. m.—^Holy Communion. 10:45 a. m.—^Rendition of Stainer’s “Daughter of Jairus,” a cantata. Solos by Miss Mary Johnston, Prof. H. G. VenemaAn, Prof. Larry W. LaBree. 6:00 p. m.—Seabury Club. Talk by Judge Parkinson.
Methodist Students 9:30 a. m.—Co-ed Department at the Foundation—“The First Temptation: Stones to Bread” — Mrs. McFadden. 9:30 a', m.—Men’s Student Department at the church. 1. Bible Class taught by Prof. J. T. Gunn. 2. “Religions of the World” — taught by Rev. McFadden. 3. “Business and Christianity” —• Mr. W. H. Andrews. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Worship Service. Sermon by Dr. 0. Sv Steele on “The Rediscovery of Sin.” The Choir will sing: “Just As I Am” by Bradbury, and “Since Christ His Head in Sorrow Bowed,” by Schuetz. ' 5:00 p. m.—Fellowship Supper at the Foundation. 6:30 p. m. — Communion of the Twelve—Concluding service of the Christian Living Week. 7:30 p. m.—Meeting of the Freshman Commission at the Foundation.
Alpha Phi Omega: Initiation to be Sunday, February 24, at 5 ;30 in room A of the Union. All men please be present. —CROXALL.
Union Workers: This afternoon, February 24, our staff will have a friendly get-to-gether in the North ballroom. The following are invited: Kemper, Evans, Hepburn, Starek, R. L. Adams, J. R. Atkinson, Bolotin, R. F. Carr, R.^B. Carter, Caesar, Ghana, H. L. Craig, Crawford, Schmidt, and Wesley. —BRODD.
Presbyterian and Congregational Students At Central Presbyterian Church, Lafayette. 9:30 a. m.—Student Discussion. Rev, Thomas will lead the discussion. 10:40 a. m.—Worship and Preaching Services. Sermon by Dr. Graham. At Westminster House, 129 Sheetz St., West Lafayette. 6:00 p. m.—Sunday Evening Forum. Supper will be served. 7:00 p. m.—Speaker, Mr. Joseph Osborne. Topic, “The Amateur Photographer.”
Classified Ads
F(» SALE FOR SALE—Typewriter*. , AU makea, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
FOR SALE Point Stationery Service, 1160 No. Dearborn Parkway, Chicago, 111., will monogram in raised letters, or print 60 sheets 7% X professional size, two fold, with 60 envelopes to mafch. Your name and address in rich dark blue, your choice of riddle, vellum, quartered oak or white finish, neatly boxed and shipped upon receipt of $1.60 —if using check add 10 cents. LOST AND FOUND
Christian Students At First Christian Church, 6th & North Streets, Lafayette. 9:30 a. m.—Student Class: “Christ in Personality and Religion.” 10:40 a. m.—Church Service: Doyle Mullen preaching the first sermon in the series “Experiments in Living” leading up to Easter: “The Achievement of Inner Peace.” 5:30 p. m.—Vespers with candle lights as usual. 6:00 p. m.—Recreation, a chance to get acquainted. 6:30 p. m.—Discussion, Arthur Shurig, “Rethinking Religion.”
Lost—Shell-rimmed glasses. Saturday night between Residence Hall and ffleld* house. Phone Esther Kirkhoff, WRH.
Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church. 9:30 a. m.-—Roger Williams Club
TOM’S WELCOMES YOU! Soignee—and served you glowing hot. Soups you sip here just hit the spot! Lush—creamed—rich—clear, what’s your selection? Each is simply—taste perfection!
Creagest §1 Kipling^s Daring, Dashing Heroes!!! Beady to light! ...ready to love...ready to brave dangers of the Sudan ...or the lips of a girl with the devil in her soul!!! ^ BudvardKioUna^simmoriai
WALTER HUSTON
IDA LUPINO MURIEL ANGELUS DUDLEY DIGGED
Start's TODAY MARS
EXTRA.
ROBERT BENCHLEY — IN — 'SEE YOUR DOCTOR'
GRlNi ANh BiAR IT
By Lkhty
Tta B«. D. S.rat.OIT^-AU riihtarewrYMI
'I’m gonna ask for a raise—everybody in this studio is overpaid but me!’’ \
"Seventh Heaven" Seats Will Be Available Monday Reason ticket holders may redeem their coupons for reserved seats to “Seventh Heaven” any afternoon next week at the Playshop offices in Eliza Fowler Hall from 3 to 5:30 p. m. Those who do not have season tickets may obtain reserved seats for any of the performances at the usual price of 75 cents. “Seventh Heaven,” written by Austen Strong, will be presented from March 6 to 9, inclusive.
The Appalachian State Teachers College wrestling team has won 54 straight matches. Class. Mrs. C. E. Dammon, teacher. 10:35 a. m.—Morning worship service. Sermon by Joseph Baird Gleason, “Remember The Day.” 5:30 p. m.—Fellowship Hour and ten cent lunch. 6:30 p. m.—Third in series of talks on Youth and Marriage, “Reasons for Successful Marriage,” by the pastor. 7:30 p. m.—Evening Church Service, “My church, my pastor and I,” by the B.Y.P.U.
I Personnel Notes COMPANY: Vicks Chemical Co., offices New York City and Greensburg. North Carolina. WORK: Theoretical and practical training in national merchandising. QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants should have a flair for writing and be genqinely interested in selling through the written word. Experience in personal selling; in writing, making layouts, or in selling advertising is important. A 4.3 average or better is required. Applications and descriptions of the training program are available in the Personnel Office. See Miss Weigle or Mr. A. P. Johnson before Tuesday, February 27.
ImaiiI
STARTS TONITE 11:30 P.M. The author of “The CitadeV’ , rips the veil from the nursing profession!
Yigilin theWight Julien Mitchell • Robert CooteBrenda Forbes • Peter Cushing From the novel by A. J. Cronin.
— TODAY -- Joe vs Arturo LOUIS GODOY FIGHT PICTURES — PLUS —■ EDWARD ELLIS ■—IN—• THREE SONS
[AST I DAIS
PHONES 6915—6914
60NE wnni WIND
Open 9:30 a. m.—Continuous 75e Incl. Tax—No Seats Reserved Come Anytime Until 2:30 p. m. And See a Complete Show Eve. 8:00 p.m. All Seats Reserved $1.10 Incl. Tax SUN, MAT. 2 p. m.—^All Seats Reserved $1.10 Incl. Tax
GOOD SEATS AVAILABLE FOR ALL SHOWS LAFAYETTE
ARC
— Last Times Today
ma.eji LEO CARRILLO • TIM RKO^ ^HOLT.STEmOUHA ■AHO —
COWMkD L. AIFERSOH
REX w SHEIK
[la. aRAiro'MimOliTAL VlCTXrbJer
-ALSO-
—SUNDAY - MONDAYNEWS IS MADE AT NIGHT WISARD OF OZ OUR GANG, COMEDY
yii ^ M It
•
Jii-
!f^ -iV^v~j ^VjSfV aij-swip^rt^ niff ■Aj,v'f-
ttfe/" 57i
fl ^ f /
Sdtur^oy^ Februdzy 24, 1940
£xfwmnt Sp^o^ fiaqsL
t 4-1^^ ^fc>yV 'ir«‘>^
*' ^ > < K ^ ‘^1
• - :‘''4'?fei
'' tM.
'Nii.ii-
^ ^ 4 ' # HTi
i # *■ "
track team Meets Hawkeyes, Wildcats In Fieldnouse Today
.Boilermaker track men make their iBrat home appearance of the year this afternoon at 2:30 in the Fieldhouse when they clash in a triangular meet with the squads representing Iowa and Northwestern. On performances so far this season the Hawkeyes seem to rulers favorites to cop top honors, but they will find that both the Wildcats and the Boilermakers have plenty of strength and are capable of upsetting the dope. Fdr the gold and black there seems a chance that they will manageto crack a record or two during the proceedings as there have been performances in practice in past weeks which are under the present Purdue records. Holderman Rates Ed Holderman seems to be highly favored in the mile run and is given a good chance to break the indoor record in that event this afternoon. Captain Red Shackleton is almost a cinch to break the tape first in the 440 yard dash and the two running partners, Simmons and Anthony should give the Boilermaker cause a boost. These three will be joined by Wente in the mile relay and should get a first in that event. A1 Gaulke should cop points for the Boilermaker cause in the half mile run and Jarvis should add some more points in the distance events. JThe omission of the broad jump in the meet will hurt the Purdue cause, for Tycocki has been showing a lot of improvement lately and will probably strengthen the team in the field events in later meets. Pole Vault Competition Art Edwards should be able to give Ed Thistlewaite, Northwestern ace, a lot of competition in the pole
Riveter Rifles Beat Chicago In Big Ten / Telegraphic Match Purdue’s sharp - shooting rifle team defeated Chicago University’^ marksmen^ in last Saturday’s Big Ten telegraphic rifle match by a score of 1789 to 1723. Knapp v4s high man for the Riveters with 367 out of a possible 400, while Hade and Hackett of Chicago led their team with 358. Kuhlman, Smith, Walsh, and Potter were the other men who participated in the Boilermaker victory. This Saturday, the rifle team shoots against Wisconsin in another conference encounter. A tough battle is expected, but when the smoke clears away Purdue hopes to be victorious. Six other Big Ten schools will see action, with only Northwestern and Ohio State idle. This is the first year for which a complete schedule of conference rifle matches has been made and the results are being watched with unusual interest.
Books on the European war are most popular of the non-fiction books used by students in college libraries.
around 13 feet in recent practice sessions. Northwestern’s stars include Piker, Big Ten champion sprinter, and Joe Pinch, ^ star performer in the hurdles. vault, as Art has been clearing
J/UL TnmutqsimsijnL' Takes great pleasure in announcing the completion of the new addition to the 0 V S^WvduiL lAmm, (^luh
It's Spacious and Beautiful
Comfortable—Convenient
Economical
JhsL fflju/uLusL THmufdctL lAniofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
fuddahk 0wksi By Robert J. Deckard “Finland is resisting the Russian invasion because we are an athletic nation,” Paavo Nurmi, former Finnish Olympic champion in the distance, and Taisto Mala, young distance runner from Finland, who claimed that athletics makes builders of leaders in military as well as in civilian pursuits, emphasize in New York City recently at their reception to/this country. ^ —^fc— Prominent among the appraisals of the superiority of men trained in athletics for key positions in national defense was the consensus among 14 U. S. Army major-gen-erals following the World War that “athletic training is invaluable in the making of a soldier or an officer.” —^fc— Amplifying their statement was also the observation that athletes not only present themselves better physically, but have superior qualifications for leadership as a result of discipline of competition. —^fc— Following the war, a study among the Big Ten schools supported the conclusions stated by the group of officers . . . While the percentage of enrollment in service to be commissioned during the war was 4.7, it was found that of the 854 athletes from conference schools who were enlisted; 403, or 47.1 percent, had been commissioned. —fc— I The percentage of athletes receiving commissions further exceeded that of students who had enrolled, their proportion being less than third. —^fc— Illinois carried its survey of athletes in the war to a study of those rejected for service .. . While 29.59 percent of all applicants for the service were rejected, of that number only one was rejected for a cause traceable to athletics, a broken arm . .. None were rejected for a faulty heart, and the others were for defective eyesight, overweight, or hernia.
Boilermaker Swimmers Again Fall Before Huntington "Y" Tankers^ 39-45
National "Y“ Champs Dilley And Rudig Lead Huntington With One 1st Apiece
Riveter Fencers Meet Washington U. In Opening Contest Conducting their first match of the year, the Purdue Fencing Club will be pitted against Washington University of St. Louis on the third floor of the fieldhouse at 1:30 this afternoon. All students and other ' visitors are welcome to attend what promises to be a closely fought contest. The encounter will be between teams of seven men each, three competing in the foil, two in the epee, and two in the sabre. Like our own Riveter enthusiasts,' the boys from the Missouri city operate purely as a club, but boast an aggregation which has been powerful enough to defeat Illinois very recently. The Washington team. Captain, Curtis, along with the rest of the squad, arrived on our campus
yesterday afternoon.
It IS to be particularly emphasized that the Fencing Club is self-suf-ficient and is not sponsored by the University Administration. Members are without the advice of a coach and act on their own initiative. They are especially anxious to become ve-instated as a University team. Don Marden, team member, intimated that the squad was connected with the Silver Mask, an amateur fencing organization. Wegner, Pitcher and Marden will compete in the Foil division, with Soloff and Meir in the Epee, and Weldy and Neptune in the Sabre. Today’s engagement is their first as a club, and the student body is urged to see one of the most interesting and fascinating sports offered here
at the University.
Very shortly, the club will sponsor a freshman tournament to which they invite all who may be interested, and where experience is valuable, it will not be necessary. The upperclassmen intend to give instruction to frosh with a view toward ensuing years. Though the equipment is now furnished by the individual, it is hoped that other arrangements may soon be made.
Snuudiy^ fianisJ coupled with “CaMisAAl’ "Confucius Saf’ A smart record to buy not a careless selection You’ll like Woody Herman’s Band the band that plays die "Blues” recording of these two hits—both on the same record too. Smart Record Buyers Are Visiting Sears’ Record Dept. More Every Day George Washington could not tell a lie. We are following his example when we say Sear’s Record Dept, has a complete stock of all late releases. Here are several outstanding recordings George knew nothing about. KAY KYSER is the Lad Who brings joy to your heart with these new releases. With the Wind and Rain in Your Hair Way Back in 1939 A. D. Indian Summer Do I Love You.^ I Want My Mamma and Angel Sears is the place to get what you want, when you want it.
2 North Third St.
Phone 4039
Before a sparse but typically swimming meet audience that displayed more enthusiasm and sportsmanship that the average' sports fan evdr has a chance to witness in any other type athletic contest, the Purdue tank squad lost to a strong Huntington Y M C A team by a score of 45-39 in the Fieldhouse
pool last night.
Although the Huntington team was forced to train in a pint-sized pool, they were fortunate in having two national Y champs in their ranks, and these two boys did their share in givipg the Y squad first place in the meet. These boys, namely Dilley and Rudig, paced their own team with a first place apiece and also several other places; while Kratzer led the local squad with two firsts Kratzer also set a new varsity record of 2:20.8 in the
220 yard free style.
The summary of the meet is as follows: In the 300 yard medley re-
A net has been put up around that - lay, Pilkenton, Dilley, and Snow-
Baseball Varsity Shaping Up With Indoor Workouts
By Russ Lipes
About a week ago the sun came forth from behind the clouds, a few stray birds began to send out their song, the snow left the ground, and the few optimists left around the campus began to prophesize that spring was on the way. Not so this week, what with wintry blasts sweeping across the campus and the skies darkened by an overcast; but despite this disillusionment the Boilermaker baseball squad has been getting down to brass tacks by way of practice inside the Fieldhouse.
Exercise Arms
section of ground just east of the basketball floor; and in this arena, under the watchful eyes of Pop Doan and Bert Sanders, the team has been limbering up their arms and legs by calisthenics and by tossing the old pellet back and forth. All varsity men, except those few that are out for basketball, have been present at these daily workouts inside the net; and until the basketball floor has been taken up, they will continue to warm-up in this confinement. Upon the removal of the floor, the batting cages will be put up and the boys will really start to work on that old batting eye. When the cages are erected, any stray visitor to the Fieldhouse had better seek out a guide to safely see him thru; for, according to the coaches, the ball-handlers are really going to knock that ball around this season, and there is a chance that they might overstep their limits while in the batting-cage and send the horse-hide sailing up into the Schedule Arranged Fieldhouse girders. The schedule for the coming season has been drawn up and submitted to the faculty, but so far it has not been given their approval. However, the first games will be those played against the Southern universities when the ball team make sits annual trip into the land of sunshine. i Co-captains Wayne Hearne and Felix Mackiewicz will lead the Riv-
den (H) beat the Purdue racers. Their time was 3:14.5. Kratzer (P) out swam his opponents to win the 220 yard free style in 2:20.8. Snowden (H) was second and Graham (P) was third. The time for the 50 yard free style was 0:25.1, „with Borst (H) 1st, Herr (P) 2nd, and Branner 3rd. In the diving contest, Hebley and Hiple (H) took first and second place respectively. Kratzer (P), Dilley (H), and Branner (P) was the way the boys finished in the 150 free style. Winning time was 0:55.4. The 150 yard back stroke was won by Dilley (H), with Mecredy (P) and Anderson (P) following him. Dilley’s time was 1:44. Pilkenton (H) won the 200 yd. breast stroke in 2:44.5. Following him in oirder were Tingley and Frank, both of Purdue. Captain Graham of the Purdue squad was nosed out of first place in the 440 free style by onehalf a second by Rudig of Huntington. Snowden (H) was third. Rudig’s time was 5:12.7. In the final race, the 440 relay, the Pmrdue team composed of Anderson, Branner, Herr, and Harris won over Huntington in 3:52.
eter squad into battle this coming spring, and will be supported by a cast of dependable players induding several sophomore men who have been looking good in the warmups and who had a fine record for past season on the freshman squad.
★ Everywhere you'll see more and more &bric shoes this Spring. And nowhere will you see anything quite so ravishing, qmte so youdifiil, qmte so flattering as Vitality gabardines. So take steps to stay young... m ever voguish, ever comfortable, ever stunning Vitality "febiics.”
Nqisa...A high-wing Vitality tie in Tulip Blade gabardine with patent or Bluejadtet gabardine widi call
Vivieitne... Smartly styled Vitality silhouette slip-on, comes m Tulip Black or Bluejadtec gabatdme.
atOtS L F l.aadinn Manarin ^tvienne ^ 1• a™*" AAAAAtoSBE SiMea 2H to ll VITALITY OPEN ROAD STAGES, fit (Httdior and Coh^ Wtar, ShcuL SudotLrm PURDUIS
. Saturday. jPebrudry 1B40
v;'!? ', ■
mti omL dOuL Of GeorKann Schilling
Now that the “Goil|e With The Wind” craze is practically over, we can again settle dorni to the unpressing business of typing out a line or so on this and that. However, the end of the Southern wave will not be seen until after April 12 w-hen the last co-ed bid dance of the year, Mortar Board’s, Southern Ball, is held. H &H Instead of the usual Gingham Gallop, co-ed bid dance, that Mortar Board sponsored in former years, the girls decided to try something a bit different, and so the Southern Ball was born. The underlying idea is that there is no formal co-ed dance open to all campus coeds, so the Southern Ball will be a chance for the gals to ask their heart throbs to escort them to the tune of stiff shirt, white tie, and tails. Sounds like a good tune. ' H & H And speaking of tunes, the Union building -was far from quiet last night what with the sound of Scabbard and Blade merrymakers and dancers at the TAP Triad. Tonight will also be a double decker affair, wdth the Phi Gams and Phi Psis and their guests dancing to the music of Dick Barrie in one ballroom of the Union, and the “Mixer of the Month” being held next door. Just
try getting around to everything these days; or why go to school? : h&h , ^ Communism may not be popular this Spring, but reds will. This dashing color seems to be the latest not only in lipstick and nail polishes; but alsb'in hats, suit coats, and trimming for Spring wardrobes. The most amusing part of the whole thing is the names these new shades of red have—^rustic red, flag red, stop red, commander red, and daring red. The shades rival the names in vividness. H&H Coming up is the week when things should really happen. What we mean is that Leap Year Day is on February 29, Thursday, of this coming week. Stand by and watch the fun. After thinking of the “threadbare thirties,” we decided to wait until later in the “fabulous forties,” say about the next leap year, to take in definite action in our own affairs.
WBAA
TODAY Saturday, February 24, 1940 11:00—Just Kids 11:15—Carolyn Wood—soprano ll:30-4High School Guest — New Market High School 12:00—^Woman Shopper 12:15^—Tune Time—Charles Powell 12:30—rLuncheon Dande Time 12:45—Markets 1:00—Radio Stage ' 1:30—Monitor Views the News 2:00—Stamp Club • 2:30—Carol Mae Iddings—soprano 3:00—Campus Varieties 7:15—Purdue and Wisconsin Basketball Game
Purdue Exponelil' R. E. Insley:.......! EdJtoivin-CWef W. K Smith.... Business Manager D. Q. Terrio .Editorial Director G. W. Frederick..... Managing Editor E, M. Antonini....Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling .Go-ed Editor R. Jenkins.: Sports Editor Phones: Editorial, 4006 ; Business, 6038: Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922.
MPRleBNTKD IfOR NATIONAL ADVCNTISINa BY NationalAfSvertisingServiceJnc. College PuUishers Refireaenlalive 420 MADISON ave; New Yonk. N. Y. CHicAeo - Boston - Los Anoeles - sah Fnahcisco All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director, j Delivered by carrier, $3 per academic year; by mail, $3.50. Business, office located at 312 N. Fifth Street; editorial office. Union Building: sports office. Field House. This newspaper is Written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AH opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do, not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint.
Night Editor Parks Ass’t. Night Editor Moeller Day Editor Bnrtsiield Saturday, Februaiy 24, 1940
"(Sohe With The Winil'' • A Seiznick International Picturo Produced by David 0. Seiznick • Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Release
But
By Romanoff History 130, Gordon Enders’ gift to scholastically defiicient engineers, is getting to be more and more of a rat-race every day ... Incidentally, Enders is the rat . . • ' We just get all fired up over current events in the Par East when he crashes through with a tall tale about 47 men who decided to commit suicide en masse. We’re glad we sit up three rows off the floor when he gets started . , . When the 47 men had cleaned up their swords in preparation for the supreme sacrifice, up walked a couple of total strangers and said, quote: Pardon us if we seem to be butting in, but we’d like: to commit suicide too .. T' End quote. No wonder China adopted the Open Door Policy with the mortality rate where it must have been.
Having ju^t struggled through the movie GWTW we have only one consolation ... i We didn’t/read the book ... Bveryohe told ;us that we “just couldn’t lay it ddwn “once w;e started reading it.” We not only laid it down three times . . . we lost^ it. One constructive thing we did gather frOm the picture however .. . ' Women stiii like cave-men. .. * ' At least they look pretty afterwards.
One slightly perfumed letter from the oflaces of the Minnesota Daily fluttered into the Exponent cffice this week. ' They’re celebrating some kind di an anniversary up there. \ * The hint wasn’t enough . . . i They had to come right out and ask us if we felt in the mood to write them a letter on the occasion . . . Especially welcome (a footnote) would be a letter of laiiditory note. Tsk ... We used to read their rag religiously ... Now we don’t know what to do.
'’"t-aW'-Ti/ /
STUDENTS King^s Bring You A GREAT SUIT SALE Regularly $19.75 and $22,75 $15.95
Regularly $24.75 - $27,50
Regularly $29.75 - $35.00
1895
23-95
All late 1939-40 styles in long wearing Hard Finish Worsteds Many Have Two Trousers „ A DEPOSIT Holds Your Choice KING THE CLOTHIER LAFAYETTE, INP.
The Book that tells the story of-
Important dances—Military Ball Inter-Fraternity Panhellenic Cotillion Prom Summer School Civil Camp Army Camp Gonvocations—-Gala Week~May Day Aviation
mo
(Debhiiu Qompkia, (fampuA, Qoa&haqsL
mo
vv
Vf-
LOee &HENeCOAM)At<Y
ERE’S how Crown
Service does more for you!
H
1. Clothes Cleaned by Crown are moth-proofed by MONITE Moth-Proofing process. This insures against moth damage. 2. Clothes pressed by Crown receive that popular FORMPREST distinction.^ 3. Hat Cleaned and Blocked by Crown are repellent to water spotting. 4. Shirts laundered by Crown are DATED. That insures a years wear or replaced by a new one. OniWN Immm F~l N E C L E A N E R S O F F I N E C L O T H E 9
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professkmai i’
• School Suppitea
Risic Dental Clinic OR. FAM. A. RISK OR. LJUTHBI A. RISK DR. HAROLD i- RISK 4th e MMn Phoo* 5701
"DEA(:" Everything for a College Education
DR. A M. IRION ' DENTIST 11914 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST 522 Main St, Phone 47$! LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualfty Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Only Four More Games-
to complete this year’s hasketball season—— four more games which are really tough. So are our good year tires—tough, servicable and dependable.
Peter Anderson Garage
525 Alabama 24 Hour Service
Phone 4048 After You Wo Come First
*1