I i * k •1
The best thing We could think of for this place was—BEAT INDIANA.
Mai is now AlMefid IN** rector; 6. A. Hm It*tired. Best wMies.
JOm/y Sfmcm /90^
Volume 52, No. 102
West Lcdkxyette, Indiana
Soturdoy, Februcny 1,1911
Riveters Meet Indiana Tonight G. A. Young Retires Today ^ . Advantage In Tonights Game Aftpr YfifirS Of Service probable lineups MlIrCI “tXi l^aid Wl o#Vl¥IVW PURDUE POSITION INDIANA By John Armstrong Igney F McCreary “G. A.” Young retires today as head of the University School Sprowl Zimmer of Mechanical Engineering after 28 years as chief of what has Blanken C W. Menke become the nation’s largest mechanical department. He will p continue to teach as senior professor, while Harry L. Solberg, OFFICIALS—Referee, Glenn Adams, DePauw; umpire, John a member of the staff since 1921, will take over his duties as Schommer, Chicago. head of the school. David $. Clark, assistant professor of me- BROADCASTS—^WBAA, Purdue, and WBOW, Terre Haute. chanical engineering, has been appointed administrative assis- By Joe Dolan, Exponent Sports Editor tant to Professor Solberg and will also begin his duties today. Tonight is game night for the semi-annual battle of college Prof. Yom.g first taught a. an in- hardwood Supremacy between two universities, Purdue and Structor in practical mechanics af I ..1 loc®ted in the heart of the net game. The performance South Dakote State College in 1894. [XPOilvIlI ISSlIvS LuSl scheduled for 7:30 in the Purdue Fieldhouse. He joined the University staff in For the first time since 1901 '* 1899 immediately after obtaining ^*11 ^||| CaV EvAck clubs started their his BSME here. He received the Vull'VllT lOr 110511 athletic bickering, Purdue’s repre- AnnAlllirilC degree of Mechanical Engineer here • sentation is a down-right underdog, Cffirivll MnnUUlItvS in 1903 and his master’s degree TLS— AflAVnAAtl Al i considered lucky if they escape with from Harvard in 1910. He became | fllS AllvrilOOn AT I their dignity. Since a cold winter Danl# Af Datifl the mechanical school’s first head day back in 1901, Purdue has wal- MvW IvCillli VI DQIIQ in 1912. Final call-out for freshmen in- loped the Hoosiers 61 times and Importaut Bccarch toasted in world^ on Eapoaent ,<„t 13. nififerC Frtr lOii AfFcctionatcly known as-G. A." :fP-fi-won both games foe UnlterSf Or I Y'H toovec 4 000mcchanj^.swho havc tVo^ men“d ctaM^" ^rr-HToticTm:" HfiSsleP, Smith, Todd graduated under his guidance, freshmen who have not as vet ® tloosier macnine to Young is also nationally recognized become working members of the grand-slam of Receive Top Positions for many important researches and staff season s series, winning the tests he has directed. He frequent- ip.' _ training neriod Bloomington, and later the P. E. Hassler, Ag. ’41, was eleIv serves as technical witness in • .. ... i-i,- ^ ri + battle here. vated to the rank of Captain and ly serves as lek-iuiicai wiwico& m connection with this call-out, d • h/t-tj. nrc /ai. t. damage suits resulting f],’om fires Indiana Is Up-Down Senior Military Officer of the Purclaimed to be set by locomotives. ^ [ Last season’s great Indiana team, Bands last night, according to He conducted extensive tests on lo- Sports edition tonight. The fol- known for its ability to win the na- an announcement from Professor P. eomotive front-ends and on the ef- lowing editorial men will work until tional championship, but inability S. Emrick, Director of the Bands, fects of sparks emitted by engines. ® -H® P- • Ochiltree, Kieper, Thom- to win its own league prize, lost As a result of the promotions, the Among the other tests made un- Nordlinger, Amos, Smith. but one man, Captain Huffman, and cadet commissioned officers of the der his direction was a seven year, he had little, if any, to do with the band now include: M. H. Smith, four mililon dollar, series of tests work schedules for the semester hardwood le s s o n the Hoosiers Captain and Chief Drum Major; H. on freight car brakes which resulted being assigned immediately. The showed Boilermaker fans last sea- A. Todd, Captain and Assistant Diin the design and adoption of the will consist of writing stories, son. - rector; P. E. Hassler, Captain and “AB” type brake equipment now writing headlines, and proof read- Purdue lost the first game last Senior Military Officer; R. A. Krull, being applied to all cars in service. addition freshmen will work season down at Bloomington by a 1st Lieutenant and Concert Meister; Athlet’ Chairman until 12:30 or 1 a. m. about once wide score, but not even the braviest C. B. Gaugh, Bvt. 1st Lieutenant ® . 4! V,- every six weeks. prognosticators ventured to predict and Librarian; J. M. Hannon, Bvt. “G. A.” is also known bi® previous newspaper experi- a Hoosier victory at Lafayette. A 1st. Lieutenant and Quartermaster; work as the chairman of the Uni- ence is necessary, the only qualifica- young man called “Moose” by his E. J. Mundorf, Bvt. 1st Lieutenant wersity’s faculty athletic committee tions being a sense of humor, a spir- teammates, registered under the and Publicity Officer; C. R. Watson, and as its representative on the Big cooperation with, fellow work- name of Dro at I. U. literally 2nd Lieutenant and Detail Officer; Ten advisory committee. He played ers, and a lively interest in campus pegged the Hoosiers to victory with P. J. Fenn, 2nd Lieutenant and Supbaseball in his undergraduate days, affairs. a deadly right hand from the mid- ply Officer; D. E. Haines, Bvt. 2nd and until the accidejit a few years - .^.bg court after the Boiler- Lieutenant and Personnel Officer; ago which resulted in his retire- |J_I| f \kimm makers had taken a half time lead. C. G. Yates, Bvt. 2nd Lieutenant and ment was one of the states most ||q|| |Q |/|SCUSS if 01 Dro is back tonight, and bigger Band Adjutant, expert and enthusiastic golfers. He ^ban ever. Names collects golf balls from students Watch Biil Menke Those appointed as non-commis-who forget to put their names on f | QpQj^QflUM nllCliySIS With Dro is Bill Menke, the guy sioned officers include: G. W. Ely, lecture notes turned in. .^bo hit twenty-four points against Technical Sergeant; R. A. Sprenger, Professor Solberg also graduated Opening a series of discussions Illinois at Champaign a week after - Staff Seargeant and Assistant Milfrom South Dakota State. He joined on war propaganda and truth, Prof, the Illini had beaten Purdue last itary Officer; R. J. Goers, 1st Serthe University staff in 1921 and was Frank Hall of the history depart- month. But Menke is as inconsist- geant in charge of all details; W. J. made a full professor in 1936. He ment will speak on “War Propa- ent as a Hoosier thermometer, scor- Frantz, Sergeant in charge of is an authority on steam power ganda and Its Analysis” tomorrow ing but five digits against North- Equipment Detail; 'R. E. Johnson, generation and chairman of the evening at 6:30 o’clock in the West western. There are Curley Arm- Sergeant in charge of Percussion critical pressure boiler research Lafayette Methodist Church. These (Continued on page 4) (Continued on page 4) committee of the American Society lectures are sponsored by the stuof Mechanical Engineers. dents of the Wesley Foundation in ' order to aid the public to ferret out f ■T I Ik f • WRH Polished For ' Elward Takes On New Duties Prof. Hall’s talk is open to all f f * A ml f • Annual Open House students interested in attending. As UniversiTY Atniehc Director ■ Ann Pierce is chairman of the com- ' By Lee Slone mittee in charge of arrangements. By Bob Swaim Shoes will be hastily flung into d.t.b. Head Football Coach Mai Elward will officially assume the closets and photographs tucked added responsibilities of athletic director today when he steps Xe WEH'’^7»“rep‘areto"hrr BOOk EXChangC 51311$ nual “Open House” from 3:00 to which was temporarily filled by President E. C. Elliott. After 5:00 o’clock. Members of the Worn- r--L DaM|t|A||lc Tnilav celebrating his silver anniversary of coaching and completing en’s Residence Hall Club have sent vdSII i dyiflvIlIS lUudy his fourth season as Boilermaker head coach, Mai was selected personal invitations to the Univer- , ^ ^ ^ , , for the directorship January 10. fapiiltv and staff members and After a week of text book sales . . , , , , sity lacuity ana BT;aii._iueuiucAD ... At a noon luncheon vesterdav will welcome cordially any other the Student Book Exchange will president Elliott entertained the envisitors who desire to see the haUs. settle accounts with students whose ^ ^ Reamers, and Gold Peppers, and I The hall residents will greet all have been sold this morning turned the key position in hope that their fine work will be guests at the door of Wood Hall o clock in the reception room athletics over to Elward. continued in the same efficient man\ind guide them through the differ- adjoining the west desk of the , assumption of ’oer in the future.” e\it rooms. The kitchen in Wood TTuinn viVp-nrMiHATit -his new post, Mai stated, “I realize Something new ip the athletic Hall will be open to inspection, as barce of the Book Exchange re- stepping into a very dif- policy will be introduced next fall well as the reception rooms, the . ?bat students call for^ their ferent and responsible position as I by the new director when once every Grill and the rooms in which the ^ nromntlv a^ possible The student body will be ingirls live. Refereshments will be , finest men that ever represented vited to attend football practice, served in North and South halls. through next Wednes- athletics, Nobe Kizer and During spring practice students will ' dav d t b welcome to witness all sessiops. Stvie Show y* . • • ^ going to try to perform the “In this way I feel that it will help" tJljtSS ^ ” ' functions better than they have ever prolong the fine spirit that Purdue . . sponsored by AWS and _ „ been done before, and in doing so is noted for all over the country,” YWCA and scheduled to be given CXpOURnf 5t3ll ^ ®®“® somewhere near the Mai added. Wednesday, February 5, has been record made under Mr. Kizer aftd ... With sparks of enthusiasm showpostponed because of the conflicting All sophomores and freshmen on Dr. Elliott. ering from his plans, Mr. Elward lecture for sorority pledges. The the Editorial staff must turn in their “I appreciate the interest and ef- will move to a new. desk in the date of the show will be announced schedules and receive work assign- forts of the student athletic organ- Fieldhouse today. Congratula’^ions at a later date. ments at oncej Heiple. izations, namely thp SAA, Qimlets, and good luck. Mall
In Classic Tilt P-Men’s Blanket Hop Follows Game Tonight
Following the Purdue - Indiana game this evening, Dick Cisne and his band will play for the annual Blanket Hop held in both ballrooms of the Union. The Blanket Hop is sponsored by the P-Men's Club which uses the profits to buy Pblankets for senior lettermen. Cisne has just closed a five week engagement at the Colony Club, in Chicago, where he was featured nightly over a national network. Previously, he toured the Southern
Dick Cisne
states where he played at the Peabody Hotel in Memphis, the BelleRive Hotel in Shreveport, and the Gibson Hotel in Cincinnati. Featured vocalists with Cisne are Red Miller and Marilyn Duty. Decorations for the dance which have been designed by Student Union workers under the direction of Hal Knight will feature a backdrop having a large P surrounded by minor letters. Tickets for the dance are still on sale in front of the Sweetshop, at the west desk of the Union, and they will be sold at the door. The dance will be informal and anything worn to the basketball game will be satisfactory for the dance, o.l.a. State Greenskeepers Will Hold Conference On Campus Feb. 25,26 Maintenance and nianagement of golf courses will be emphasized at the fourth annual Greenskeepers’ Conference to be held here on Tuesday and Wednesday, February 2526, it was announced today by M. L. Clevett, of department of physical education for men, who is in charge of general arrangements. The University department of Agricultural Extension, Indiana Professional Golfers Association, and the Indiana Golf Association are, all co-operating in the conduct of the meeting, which is designed to present practical information for greens chairmen, greenskeepers and others having turf problems. Monteith Will Speak Among the featured speakers before the conference will be Dr. John Monteith, Jr., who is in charge of the greens section operation of the U. S. Golf Association in Washington, D. C. Other speakers booked for the program include A. L. Brandon, editor of the “Greenskeepers’ Reporter;” O. J. Noer, a fertilizer specialist of the Milwaukee Sewage Commission; Dr. G. D. Scarseth and O. C. Lee of the Purdue staff, and W. H. Diddel, golf arc^tect, Indianapolis. h.g.d.
.From All Fronts— Today's Sfimmary Of War News to Ciiicaso Daily News Foreica Service Sopyriskt. 1940. Chicago Dally News, lae. • Italians Withdraw Italian troops have withdrawn from Tepelini, a key city in the drive toward Valona now under way by the Greeks, according to unconfirmed information received by military quarters in Belgrade.
• British Efficient A chief feature of the triumphant British maneuver against Dema, cables Robert J. Casey from the Libyan front, jis the spectacular efficiency of transport and communication. Pood and water must be dragged over 500 miles of sand trails and shell-pocked roads.
• iron Guard “The Iron Guard is marching forward as steadily as ever toward a common goal with the Axis,” Ion Zelea-Codreanu, titular head of the legion, told George Weller in an exclusive interview in Bucharest.
• Hitler's Speech “Hitler’s speech ... was primarily designed to frighten the United States out o| advancing any farther on the road to open conflict with the Reich, in the estimation of London,” cables. William H. Stoneman.
• Hitler And Petain “Hitler’s avoidance of any allusion to Vichy in his Nazi anniversary speech,” radios Paul Ghali, “was interpreted yesterday' as a sign that Der Fuehrer contemplates no drastic move against the regime of Marshal Petain.”
• Indo-China At Peace Japanese dispatches from Saigon, received in Shanghai, say that an agreement ending hostilities has been signed between Thailand and French Indo-China. No immediate information was received about the terms.
• Subs Near America A radio dispatch received in New York from a British freighter indicated that ocean-going Axis submarines may be operating in the neighborhood of Newfoun^ind, site of a new United States na^al base. Beta Sigma Psi Holds National Convention On University Campus The annual convention of Beta Sigma Psi, national Lutheran featemity, opened in Lafayette yesterday, with the Purdue chapter. Beta, acting as host for the flirst time. The delegates registered at the chapter house during the day, spending the evening in a recreational meeting. Today will be taken up with a luncheon and business meeting, with a banquet tonight as the AwM eveht of the c^pivention. The gu^ts of honor include President E. CElliott, the Reverend P. G, Schmidt of the St. James Lutheran Church, - and Mr. Henry Marshall, Sh., editor of the Lafayette Journal-Courier. The principle speaker will be CK J. Rogge, Assistant Attorney General of the United States, head of the department of Criminal Xavestigation.May::gatJSp.:ya.v^-g , r > I, ■- < , t <
fiaqstl-^diJtA
Scrfiirday. f^bmxaxy L1941
fijumdusL £xpDmnt
>1
n
Jumbf. JixlL
With the revision of its constitution becoming effective today, the Women’s Self Government Association will be known in the future as Associated Women Students of Purdue University. Because WSGA has served as much more than a governing body and has offered many oppqirtunities to the women students, it is especiaily fitting that this name, which is more inclusive and is more generally used in other colleges and universities should be adopted. For 20 years, the formal organization of women students on the University campus has been growing. Women were allowed to enroll in the University in 1876, but it was not until 1920, when there were 341 women students, was there any need felt for unified action. At this time the Women’s Council was formed for the purpose of devising a point system which was to serve as a check on participation in campus activities. In 1922, the Council put into effect uniform house rules throughout the campus and sponsored a series of lectures for fresh-
men on the best ways to assure success in college. By 1924 the Council and the Purdue Girls’ Club had merged, with the Council acting as governing board. Meetings were held every two weeks to discuss house rules, dances, teas and cooperation with other women’s activities. In 1925 membership was opened to all of the 530 girls on the campus—& definite step towards a more democratic organization. A small membership fee was charged. Donations to student loan fund, a Mothers’ Day Tea and a matinee musical in the Union on Thanksgiving Day were added to the list of activities. In 1926 a banquet for all incoming freshman women and the election of a May Day Queen with an entire court was inaugurated. The Council petitioned for a chapter in the Womens Self Government Association in 1928. The granting of this in 1929 placed our organization into one of national scope. After what proved to be unsatisfactory revisions of the old constitution, it was scrapped because it was not truly representative and an entirely new one was framed. It was approved at a mass meeting in May, 1932, and every girl on the
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Greeting Cards All Occasions SOUTHWORTH'S
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE TONITE — TICKETS ON SALE 10:30 P. M. —
ESI
Adrnission on This Picture NIGHTS and SUNDAY 35c WEEK DAY MATINEES 25e (Tax Included) CHILDREN ALWAYS 10c
TODAY—-Chamber of Horrors—PLUS—Doomed to Die
Baptist Students To Lead Discussions Of Marriage During the month of February the Roger Williams Club will present a series of student-led discussions on “Thinking About Marriage.” All students, short-course students, and young people are invited. The meetings will be held every Sunday evening at 6:30 in the Club room of the West Lafayette Baptist Church, m.1.1.
ARC
LAST DAY
• AHD—•
JACK HOIT
'KSMSm JnL A Columbia Pletur*
Al
— ADDED — FIRST RUN NEWS
SUNDAY - MONDAY GOLDEN GLOVES HOUSE OF SEVEN GABLES SELECTED SHORT
Starts TOMORROW
PIED TAIRE'GODDARD
COND
CHORUS
ti
A Paramount Picture with Artie Shaw Charles Butterworth Burgess Meredith* PpoAkiH tt Boris Morm - LAST TIMES TODAY —
campus became a member of WSGA automatically, without the payment of dues. There was true representation for every girl on the campus. An activity committee, sign-out sheets, the creation of a judicial board, a committee on rooming conditions, the sponsoring of marital lectures and vocational conferences have become a part of the organization’s work. Now, with additional revisions that make for greater efficiency in the organization, a new name that is more representative of the organization itself, the Associated Women Students will continue to offer advantages to the women of Purdue. May their work in the future be as successful as that of past years. e.a.s.
The Sfh Column
Editor’s Note: Students of last year probably remember the mad Russians who wrote the column . . . but incidentally . . . one of them has gone made-again, and here is the result.
In order that we may bring you a special feature, the column originally scheduled for this space will not be seen. Instead, we bring you a column by me, Vladimir.
Oh sure. I graduated. But you know what they say about a bad penny. Oh, and a minister, too. You know, “One sent by God.” So here I am.
The Purdue Exponent
J&ntered as second elass matter at tka post office in fayette, Indiaiig, under the aet of Congresa of March $, 1878, and at tha apeeial rate of postage provided for la section 1108, act of October 8,1917, authorised JaaUary 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday dnriag tha regnlar academic year and weekly daring the Summer SeMion. Delivered locally fay oarrlor for $8.00 per year, omU subseription $8.60.
Kdltor*ln-ChM„ Businssa Bfanager..
„R. W. Donahue ..Merle Hagemeycr
Mews Kditor„
Publication Staff
Managing Xditon..
.J. H. MeKee
A). K. Heiple
Associate Editon: W. >. Heatoa, M. A. Oehiltree, J. A. Parcel], L. W. Bnflner, R. M. Skallemp, J. L. TmgotL
Bulinen Staff Leeal Advertising Managers: D. B. Powers, O. 0. lenders: Promotion Manager, C. F. ' Daaglemojer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Managwr, R. M. Raektenwald. Co-ad Staff Editor — Beth Simpson Associate Editon: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donaa Siess. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Assoeiata Editon: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnsos^ R. O. Swaim.
Phonas: Editorial 4005; Butinasa 5038; Sports 2792
Represented for natioml advertising by National Advertisiiur Service, Ine., College Publishen Representotives, 420 Madison Ave., Mew York, N. T.
Staff For Tills Issue
Night Editor: Rnffner Day Editor: Rose
Issue Editor: Allanson Night Sporta Editor: Swaim
Staff: H. G. deBruyn, J. H. Armstrong, J. D. Smith, D. T. Brophy, B. G. Smith, A. L. Slone, V. Baraon.
It all goes to show that the 1939-40 sports editor was right when he said, “Sooner or later all newspapermen revert to type.” But before I revert completely, I would like to sug- ’ gest that the University administration institute a five dollar registration deposit for their famous course in Physics Lectures- ~ . ... to cover cost of a pillow. a * a All in all, Petrov, Romanoff, Serge and Vladimir were extremely unfortunate. They graduated in 1940. In short, they came out into the cruel world at a time when . . . . . , the world would much rather have come in with them. •
of a German trade agreement: “Fifty for forty or fight!” a * * But it doesn’t worry us. Nothing worries us anymore. For a while we were disturbed because the Alma Mater- wasn’t up -to her old -tricks in basketball. Rut then we figured out why. We heard the new cheer, e to the x and all that, a a a
Is it really necessary to remind the boys of their unfinished class work at important points of each game? The huddles now are probably like “Did you get that seventh problem on the calc test yesterday?”
And all the time, you could hear in the distance the old American battle-cry: “We’ll have peace if we have to fight to get it.”
Speaking of battle-cries reminds us of one that was once an American cry, but is now a perfect description
This is plenty for now. Even alumni must muse now and then. In between worrying about the draft. But before we go back to contemplation of armed intervention in our life we’d like to leave this little thought with you.
Posterity is lust around the coroner.
Frank McCabe
In The Churches
... Sc. ’27, sales representative in the Boston office of the International Business Machine Corporation, has been admitted to membership in the company’s 1940 Hundred Percent Club of sales leaders and executives.
STARTS TODAY THE FlMinC "HEll inTS'flRE tominG!
Loving, fighting dare-dovilc of the air... xooming to tho mightiest thrills ... the most stirring romance ... since ”Hell Divers"!
FUGHT COMMAND
wllh
RUTH WALTER HUSSEY • PIDGEON Paul Sheppsrd Not KEUY * STRUDWICK •PiNOUTON
West Lafayette Baptist Church Joseph Baird Gleason, Minister 9:30 a, m. Roger Williams Club Class. Dean Fisher, teacher. 10:36 a. m. Morning worship and Communion. Sermon, “The Fine Art of Graciousness.” 6:30 p. m. Roger Williams Club Fellowship Hour and Ten Cent Lunch. 6:30 p. m. Roger Williams Club Discussion Hour in the form of a panel on “Choice of a Life Mate.” This is the first in a series of meetings on “Youth and Marriage.” There will be seven members of the Club on this week’s panel.
cussion group will meet under the leadership of Dr. Graves. 10:30 a. m. 'There will be a church service, and Dr. Findley will preach the sermon. 11:30 a. m. The session will meet at the close of the church service. 6:16 p. m. The monthly congregational meeting will be held in the church. 6:00 p. m. The Sunday evening club will meet and have supper. All students are invited to attend. The evening program will be conducted by the commission on state and national affairs.
University Presbyterian Church North Street at Grant Street Sunday, February 2 Dr. John W. Findley, Pastor Rev. Robert S. Thomas, Assistant 9:30 a. m. The Sunday School dis-
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Program at Lafayette Christian Church 9:30 a. m. Student class. Prof. Howland will teach on the subject: “Science and Commercialism.’’ 10:40 a. m. Church Worship Service. Guest speaker. Prof. James Peeling of Butler University’s Dept, of Sociology, will preach. The title is: “City and Church in Transition.” 6:16-p. m. 10c Supper at 126 Chauncey; leave for Church at 6:46. 6:00 p. m. Forum at Church. Program of recreation, singing, discussion, and worship. Charles Duesler, winner of an Essay Contest, will lead discussion on: “World Constitutional Organization.” Herschel Boll will lead in worship.
For Episcopal Students St. John’s Church 6th and Ferry Lafayette 8:00 a. m. Holy Communion. 10:46 a. m, Holy Communion, Choral and Sermon. 6:00 p. m. Serbury Society meets at University Church, North and Grant, West Lafayette.
WILLIAM LULUNDIGAN IN "The Case of the Black Parrot'
ALSO
JOHNNY MACK BROWN ' IN 'Boss of Bullion City'
Methodist Students (Church at corner of N. Chaunce3 and South Sts.) 9:30 a. m. Sunday School. Co-ed: at the Foundation “Gospel o: Mark.” Men at the Church “Re ligion for Modern Youth.” 10:40 a. m. Church—speaker, Rev Greist from the Anti-Saloon Leagu< Greist from the' Anti - Salooi League. 6:00 p. m. Fellowship Hour at th( Church. 6:30 p. m. Prof. Frank Hall wil talk on “Analysis of War Propaganda.” 7:16 p. m. Worship led by students.
4^
1 *1 yl
r n
Tr 'U
1 >
Pu/uluiL
Stituirdciy. Febmcfify L1941
PapL 3 - Sfutdi,
Tankers, Trackmen Head Northward For Meets Today Rivelef Swimmers Clash With Midiigan ™n«es Open /ndoor Season At
State Today In Third Dual Meet Of Year Going into action against Michigan State this afternoon at about the same time the cinder team takes on the Maroon run-" ners at the Chicago Midway, the Boilermaker tankmen are to face the Spartan school’s representatives of the aquatic sport at East Lansing, Michigan. Today’s contest will mark the third dual affair in which Coach Papenguth’s lads have become involved this^season, and it is hoped that it will mark the turning point in the fortunes of the mermen.
Dropping the first meet
to a
strong Northwestern team in Evanston, Papenguth’s men sallied forth last Saturday to tangle with the allpowerful Michigan teaih, losing this meet by the decisive score of 63 to 21. This defeat can hardly indicate the true ability of the Gold and Black s’^inuning squad; however, since it is generally conceded that the Michigan team is about the toughest team in existence. Good Grades Adding fuel to the fires of hope of victory for the Riveter swimmers is the fact that all of the members of the squad were able to get through last semester with grades hifeh enough to prevent ineligibility. This fact along wtih Papenguth’s statement that all of his swimmers seem to have shown improvement over last year points to the possibility of a successful season. Having lost last year’s meet against the Michigan State tankmen, the Boilermaker swimmers will be gunning for revenge for last year’s defeat as well as their first victory of the season. The present Spartan team is said to be equally as strong as last year’s, having lost to Ohio State by a very close score. Good Record Ohio State is traditionally one of the few schools that can boast a team that can give the powerful Michigan squad a really good battle, so that it speaks well for the Michigan State team to have come close to halting them. Adding color to today’s encounter is the fact that the East Lansing school is dedicating their new pool.
Hoosier Coach
Practice Strenuously For Meet With Normal Coach Claude Reeck last night sent his grapplers through one of the most strenuous practice sessions they have seen to date. It was the final heavy workout for the team befoi’e its opening dual meet with Illinois Normal Monday. Although beaten twice by the Riveters last year, the Bloomington, Illinois, crew is expected to be a tough hurdle for the Midwest AAU champs. Among their victims this year are Chicago and Bradley, the latter being thumped 21-5. Practically the same lineup as last year’s will greet the Boilermakers.
Chicago; IneligibiUty Hits Squad ^jgj
When the Riveter cindermen left for their meet with the Chicago Maroons yesterday, Coach Herman Phillips was banking heavily on the men in the field events to aid in capturing the dual meet in their first encounter of the season. Since many of the Boilermaker trackmen are unable to participate today because of illness or ineligibility, the meet will not be a true test of the Boilermaker’s prowess in this field. Hopes " ' ■■■ -
A few of the outstanding men on the team are as follows; Ed Holderman, captain of the team and holder of the Big Ten two-mile championship; Ted Tycocki, participant in two events, the broad jump and the 220 yard dash; and Red Carter in the pole vault. All-American End Dave Rankin
is ill with a bad cold and a sore throat, and if he competes he will be in a weakened condition. Dave is counted upon to take the hurdle events if he is in normal health. Now, however, the hopes of Coach Phillips rest upon Walt Stroyeck, Clarence Kron, Bob Kersey, Encil Dodge and John Conant.
In two matches fired by the Boilermaker rifie team over the last tenday period, victories were recorded over both opponents, Ohio State and Yale. Against the Buckeyes a total of 1863 points were scored by the Riveter rifiers out of a possible 2000, while Ohio State marked up 1802 points. This was the highest score shot by a Riveter rifle team in the last several years. When marks recorded by the Boilermakers were telegraphed and compared with those shot by Yale, the Riveters were placed ahead, 1380 to 1244—highest possible score was 1600.
There are 84,480,000,000,000 combinations in a 62-eard deck.
Branch McCracken, left, holder of the three-year basketball scoring title at Indiana and who now is the coach of the undefeated Hoosier team, will bring his boys to the Fieldhouse tonight in an effort to maintain Indiana’s lead in the Big Ten.
IM Schedules
SQUASH—TODAY KalbfleiEch vs. Taube or Marks. Clevett vs. MacMillan. Allen vs. Mann or Hartley. Burnham vs. Bond or Armstrong. N. Goldstein vs. Silvers. H. Goldstein vs. LaBree. Mackey vs. J. S. Keeler. Green or Adams vs Fehring or Meakim. Ackerman vs. Duggins.
INDIANA—PURDUE A BIG TEN GAME THAT REALLY COUNTS C’MON BOILERMAKERS The Purdue Netmen—^PIus some first class support from the student body should give the Boosters a real headache. See you at the game tonight . . . Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048 24 Hour Service
525 Alabama St. After You, We Come First
OMPLITE
TUDEBT
ERVICE
FlfEVE BCCK&ilfHY (KXE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INQ^£j:' -
r^rr-'’-
%t
fSt
Mjiy J ^i.^. *
fia^ ^-^Mtii/ui/
Saturday, February 1,1941
fijuAdtUL £xfu>tut^
'f] i/l ♦4 m
Classified Ads
Room for rent; SitiKle or double Twin beds. continuouB hot water, new furniture Best room on Littleton street. Phone 3442 242 Littleton.
Notices
P.O.M.M. Members: Those who paid for keys may now get them at Triangle house. —MASSEY.
meeting places are: Div. L, Saturday 9, Chem annex 129; Div M, Saturday 9, Chem 421. Div. N. Thursday 2, Chem 421; Div. 0( Thursday 2, Chem. 421. —McBEE.
Playshop Members: Petitions for crew head positions for ‘‘Night Must Pall" are due before Saturday noon, February 1, at the Playshop office. —KECK.
FOR 8ALB Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All Bsakes of portable typewriters. $29 75 to $69.50 Office supplies Mimeograph and muIUgraph work. C. F. Elbershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Personal Uving Students: Classes C, E, F are requested to pick up their notebooks by Saturday, February 1 After that date all unclaimed notebooks will be destroyed —EASTWOOD.
Scriveners: Receipt books outstanding must be turned into the office Saturday, February 1, between 1 and 4 p. m. or class cards and holders will be held up. —ALEXANDER
FOR BENT Per Rent: Rnst-Bent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2497.
Alpha Phi Omega: Keys for R H. Weaver, C G Smith, R Murril, R B Kraybill, E E McCracken, W. H Kuhlman, P. E Pontius, R M Thompson, R S Sternberger at 27 Bussell street —CHAMBERS
Horticulture Society: There will be a meeting Wednesday, Feb 6, in the assembly room of the Horticulture building Please be there —BESNER
Beys: Double room Continuous hot water $20. $44 West Oak St. Morgan. Girls: Attractive double room. Single beds Breakfasts and dinners served if desider. Phone 2661. 212 Fowler.
Union Workers: All freshmen interested in Student Union work and who want to work on the Book Exchange report to Joe Starek in the south ballroom as soon as possible —HOFFER
Reamers: Regular meeting Tuesday, Feb 4, at 7.16 p m in room 807 of the Union —BOHLIN.
Rooms For Rent: Cheerful modern double / room. Single beds. Continuous hot water $10 monthhr. 117 Wiggins. Tel. 46801.
P Men: All those with tickets turn them in at the west desk of Union or to me at the desk in front of Sweet Shop —AXTON.
Co-ed Riflery: Class practice Feb. 6, 6, 10, 12, 13 Three practices are required. Class matches Feb 18 and 20 —BLAGBAVE YWCA; Call-out for girls to work on the publicity committee will be in the office Tuesday, Feb. 4, at 4 p. m —PETERSON
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, February 2 at 7 30 p m in room 261 of Union —RIEGLE
Wanted: Roommate for senior engineer. Newly furnished room, twin beds, innerspnng mattresses, reasonable 440 Wood St Phone 65001
V” ^ i-
Pan-Bellenic Council: Meeting today at ■1 p m in room 212 of the Union —LANG.
McBee’s Organic Chem 30: Following sections in organic chemistry were not listed in the schedule of classes Their time and
Zouaves: All members wishing to remain active meet in the Armory at 4 p m. Tuesday, Feoruary 4 —GIBSON
Give your skin that youthful bloom with e| Hrevenescence CREAM
for skin loveliness NI6HT and DAY
AWS (WSGA) Office Committee: Important meeting Monday, February 3, at 4 p. m in office If unable to attend, notify me —STIERS
Playshop Board: Debris picture will be taken Monday, February 8, at 4 p m in Fowler Hall auditorium Please wear suits and afternoon dresses —SHEDBICK
Poultry Club; Debris picture will be taken Thursday February 6, at 7 30 p m in the south ballroom of Union Wear suits or afternoon frocks Please be prompt —SHEDRICK PIA Board: Regular board meeting in PI A office Monday, February 3, at 4 30 p m —MUSSER Co^^ed-Clothcs Modelers Anyone modeling clothes for V C Meredith show report on Monday February 3, at 4 p m —McCullough
WAA All-star teams will practice Monday, February 3, and Wednesday, February 6 at 4 p m in Women’s Gym —KIRKHOFF
Newman Club: Executive council meeting Monday, February 3, at 4 p m in room 302 of Union —LUERS
Riveters Meet (Con/inued from page 1)
strong and Paul Shalfer, two-season veterans and the vexatious Mr. McCreary is also billed to put in an appearance this evening. That Frankfort Fellow McCreary, after a sad season at the Hoosier institution during his sophomore season, quit school. But last season, this McCreary, of the Frankfort McCrearys, bounced back to his high school form of the rushing, passing demon. He turned in his greatest performance against Purdue with a scintillating change of pace and awesome passing attack. Indiana Giants The Purdue lineup has been doubtful, considering the Detroit performance, and will be doubtful. Krampe, a big lad of more than six foot, is a sophomore, with plenty of back-board ability, may get another crack at the board protection but it’s going to take more than Krampe’s height to get the ball away from these giants like Zimmer and Menke—^both are over 6-4, and both ai e tip-in artists. The remainder of Purdue’s lineup for certain is Blanken and Sprowl, while Igney, Caress, Tierney, Riley, and Blemker may compose the othei two positions. At this writing Riley and Tierney are taking “C” make-up tests Tieiney played the best game of his sophomore career last season against the Hoosiers here, and his alert defense and passing wouldn’t haim anything this evening And to the absolute surprise of no one, this evening’s game here is a toss-up regaldless of past records.
REGULAR JAR FOR /C' Other Sites • 10.00 • 15.00
LEARN TO DANCE NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS Wed., Feb. 5th, 7:00 P. M. NEW ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., Feb. 6th, 7:00 P. M. ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150 ALLEN’SfiTH & FERRY
Sigma Pi
. . social fiaternity, announces the pledging of George MacGilvray, Morrison, Illinois, and Kenneth Jaynes, Indianapolis.
.The Ratio— 3.93 ...to 1
Two triads last night. Gad, what a night. They really were great stuif, though. Guess what, people, Betty Pickard of the Kappas is going around m a^dazfe lately and for a good reason. If you will remember, it was mentioned around here once a while back that she was dating an English instructor by the name of W. L. Deam. Well, he went home with her over Christmas vacation and to even things up, she went home with him between semesters from which trip she returned with a pin. Not to be satisfied with pins, however, they have announced their engagement and their intent to be married during Spring vacation and to live happily ever after, we hope. Now there’s a vacation romance to end all vacation romances. God bless you, my children. You who didn’t get to see Dr. Perrine’s exhibition of his “Voder” the other night really missed something I don’t know whether he’ll ever be able to use it to send numerous messages over the same line or not but I betcha he could make plenty of money selling them to lonely people. Just think, it would be much better than a wife, because the darn thing only talks when you push the keys, and then says only what you want it to say. Gad, what an invention K. D. Wood . head of the aeionautical department has been absent from the campus this past week to attend the annual national meeting of the Institute of Aeronautical Sciences in New Yoik
Emrick Announces (Continued from page 1)
Detail; V. D. Lawhead, Sergeant in charge of Chair and Rack Detail; N. L. Downing, Sergeant of Publicity Detail; A. L. Flackbert, Sergeant Librarian; W. E. Brown, Sergeant of Quarters; R. K. Gast, Supply Sergeant; J. B. Whyraan, Sergeant Dinim Major and Assistant to the Adjutant; R. B. Clifford, Supply Corporal; W. A. Hammer, Corporal of Publicity; F. J. Hemler,' Corporal of Musical Detail A; J. Byers, Corporal of Musical Detail B; E, W. Manley, Corporal of Equipment Detail; R. W. Hemmingsen. Corporal of Percussion Detail; D. C. Ross, Corporal of Chair and Rack Detail; G. C. Huffman, Corporal of Quarters Detail. More Names P. J. Memler, Principal Field Trumpeter, 1st Regimental Band; R. H. Hardin, First Field Trumpeter, 1st Regimental Band; S. E. Craigmile, Second Field Trumpeter, 2nd Regimental Band; C. E. Dull, Third Field Trumpeter, 2nd Regimental Band; R. R. McKee, Fourth Field Trumpeter, 2nd Regimental Band, h.g.d. /. H. Hull Addresses Agriculture Society On Thursday the Agriculture Education society held their first meeting of the semester in room 363 of the Union. I. H. Hull, general manager of the Indiana Farm Bureau, informed the society that the buleau was supplying the farmers with pure seed, fertilizers, limestone, oil products, and poultry. Mr. Hull emphasized the work of the Farm Bureau which consists of educating and helping the farmer raise the quality of his produce. In this way the bureau is able to discover what the farmer needs and to correct this deficiency. j.I.
4/
Join the Army of smokers like yourself who enjoy
Keep a Neat Appearance Always
with our
FINE DRY CLEANING Confidence about personal appearance is the biggest factor in that “on-top-of-the-world” feeling. For “THAT WELL-BRED LOOK” Send us your suits, overcoats, sportswear, and formals—^for cleanmg and pressing that keeps your clothes worthy of you. OnowN Laundry FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CL O T H E S
SAVE $-$-$ and STEPS Buy All of Your School Supplies Here USED and NEW BOOKS UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE (Across From Union) M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W, “Doc” Epple, ’40
Si. ^ ' X.
'I&fi