W,
^ ' Voltim^ 53. Not 59
West Lafayette, Indiana
3^turday# Notren^er 15. 1941
Vocationa
Discmsions br. Roscoe Pulliam, Dr. Charles Lawshe
I—Of Miss Ind
Deaerate Oefensive Play By Johnson, Petty Pail&t^opMtackOf Rampaging Badgers
Annual vocational guidance conference sponsored jointly by the division of education and applied psychology and Kiwanis clubs closed yesterday afternoon. About 250 educators, business men and chairmen of Kiwanis guidance committees attended the sessions held the last two days in the faculty lounge
of the Union-
Elbert E. Day, superintendent of -schools aKMarion, Indiana, presided at yesterday morning’s session. ■ Kenneth Holland, of the American Youth Commission in Washington, D. C., was the first speaker of the morhing. He stated that actual work experience is one of the most valuable kinds of training offered high school youth, not only from a physical standpoint, but also for the, effect on morale. He told how the
InHaval Reserve
Engineering and Science seniors on the campus will again be given
work camps iDegun in Europe had the opportunity to enter the Navy been diverted by propaganda from as Eeserve Midshipmen, working theft' original program until they towards a commission as an Ensign; were merely aids to the military in the United States Naval Reserve. aim§..pf the Axis powers. Lt. Cdr. A. R. J. L. Pieper of the Work Opportunities Naval Reserve will be on the camOther speakers of the morning Nov. 27, 28 and 29, for the purwere Harland White, principal of pose of selecting appointees, the Morocco high; school, who told of Appointments to the grade of Reopportunities for work experience ygj.yg Midshipman enable meir to in secondary schools, and Roscoe valuable practical training Pulliman presideht of Southern II- only is a benefit to Navy linom Normal University at Car- officers, but is of extreme-value to bondale. President Pulliam discus- engineers in the industrial world. sed the need for more educational ,, ,, i
, , X- College Degree Required guidance m the national defense
crisis. Pie advocated a rigid health While an engineering degiee is program in high schools, stronger not one of the pre-requisites of an disciplinary and patriotic training appointment, a college degiee is rein preparation for'the national emer- including the following subgencies, and the use of educational two years of mathematics, psvchologists in helping the Army one course m physics, and one course train its men. in chemistry. Other requirements
The morning session was brought to a close by a summary of the conference by H. L. Shibler, principal
feeble battle against oblivion waged by ,“Stinky” in her lingering illness of a season’s duration, students at Bloomington’s foremost Academy finally quit holding their breath and
had another round.
Total Loss
Questioned regarding the causes of her demise, her physician, who long ago described the situation as hopeless, was quoted as saying, “What a mess!” He attributed her condition to general failure of morale and eleven vital organs. A serious back condition as well as ai-
Other
for applicants are that they be a native-born citizen of the United States, unmarried, between the
of the Euclid Central School, Eu-
did, Ohio, who was one of the speak-
ers on tho Friday program. The Concluding address of thp
willing to agree not to marry prior to their reserve midshipman train-
ing.
conference was given by Dr. Appointees'J'rain 3 Months
Charles H. Lawshe, visiting professor of ti'a.cle and industrial educa-
Api)ointees to the grade of Reserve Midshipman will be given
tion, who talked of the future of Ki- three montli’s training in engineerwanis vocational guidance activity, ing at a Naval training station. Richard Bateman of Peru, chairman During this time they are entitled of the vocational guidance commit- to receive a pay and allowance of tee of the Indiana district of Ki- $780 per year and daily ration. From wanis International and a member this tho midshipmen must provide of the conference committee, presid- unifoj'ms, books and clothing.
ed over the afternoon session. Keniiners Heads Committee
At completion of the training course, the reserve midshipmen will
The committee for the conference jjg given commissions as Ensigns in
was Pro^ssor H. H. Remmers, director of educational reference, division of education and applied psychology; Professor Muriel M. McFarland, also of the division of education and applied psychology; Dr. Lawshe, and Richard Bateman. Professor Remmers acted as chairman. Dr. Keller Will Speak
the United States Naval Reserve. Seniors who are interested in being interviewed for appointment as Midshipmen are asked to consult interview books in their school office. They must sign their names on the sign-up sheets in their school offices, so that an individual interview can be arranged. Interview appoint-' ments will be made known after
Thanksgiving vacation.
Students Will View Body Lying In State In Union; Appropriate Funeral Planned BLOOMINGTON, Ind., Nov. 15, 1941. — All Bloomington mourns today the passing of one of its aged and decrepit leading citizens. Miss S. P. Indiana, affectionately known as “Stinky” by her friend. Loyal citizens raise tear-stained faces from their steins as they realize that the flame of life, which had shone so feebly during the last few months, had finally been snuffed out by the dreaded scourge, of the north. 'Sad and disheartened by the . ^ ;
Hoof And Horn Club To Display Livestock Tuesday In Pavilion Hoof and Horn, the animal husbandry club, will again sponsor the “Little International” Livestock Show to be held next Tuesday night, November 18, at 7:30 p. m. in the livestock judging pavilion on the
most complete disintegration of her University farm. The show is held in forward wall of resistance to dis- order that students, faculty, and ease also contributed to the death townspeople may see a preview of of the aged and indigent lady. the animals to be shown.'at the InHer many friends in West Lafay- ternationar Live.stock Show to be ette will both be happy to learn that held iii Chicago during, the week of • November 29 to December 5.
Many Breeds Shown
Members of the animal husbandi'y stalf arid Hoof and Horn Club members will comment on the stock as it is led around the arena. Ten fat •steers representing the 'Hereford, Shorthorn,, and Angus breeds- will be.shown .and discussed. Forty fat barrows r-epresenting the five major breeds will make their initial .show ring debut/and fifteen sheep representing the Southdown, Hampshire, and Shropshire breeds will
be shown..
Twelve horses, representing the Percheron and Belgian breeds will be shown,'but they will not make the trip to Chicago with the rest of the livestock as no Irreeding stock of any kind is shown by the Univer-
sity. ,
Little International is free, and everybody interested is urged to attend in order that they may see the animals which will represent the University in the livestock competition at the big show. in' Chicago..
. . . kept the Badgers subdued for three quarters with his brilliant punting from deep in Riveter territory.
The Reamer Club has announced that the coveted “Tin Can Trophy” will be awarded to the organization providing the most picturesque and appropriate wreath for the adorning
of Miss Indiana’s grave.
Will Feature Music
the mortal remains of Miss Indiana have been sent liere for disposition. Her body will lie in state in the Union Building where those having nothing better to. do may pay all homage and respect duo hei', if any.
Burial Ceremony Planned
Rumor has it that the body will be cremated at a dramatic ceremony, tentatively set for Tuesday, to be attended by a host of those who are saddened by the thought of Miss Indiana’s passing through the “pearly gates’ and who suspect otherwise. It is rumored that upon disposition of tfie estate of “Stinky,” the University will receive a handsome bequest inf he form of a famous container, commonly referred to as the “Old Oaken Bucket,” which until recently was the property of the University. It is understood that
upon receipt of the bequest, it will ... danced last night in both ballbe suitably protected to prevent its rooms of the Union as Johnny Paul again falling into alien hands. and his orchestra provided the music
100 Couples
Second of this year’s coed bid dances will be held on Friday, November 28, when tho WAA Harvest Hop is held in the South Ballroom of the Union. Members of WAA arc selling tickets to coeds at .$1.10 per couple.. Dancing, which 'will last from 9 til 12 p. m., will feature the music of Bobby Moore and his ten-piece orchestra. Moore’s band hails from the canqms of Illinois State Normal College, Bloomington, 111.
Debris Pictures Proofs of Debris senior pictures w'ill be. shown in room 204 of the Union Monday and Tuesday, Nov. 17 and 18. Proofs must be selected at this time or they will not appear in the Debris, All pictures which are ordered will be delivered before Christmas.
By PHIL JOHNSON Exponent Sports Editor MADISON, Wis., Camp Randall Stadium, Nov. 15.— (S]^;Cial to the Purdue Exponent) — Coach Harry Stuhldrehea^s ■ fightihg Badgers dealt an invading Boilermaker squad their 'inost deciisive defeat of the season here this afternoon by completely deminating the play throughout the contest a.nd capitalrizing on just two of numerous scoring opportunities for a 13-0
■';Vi5ctQry.';i ■
Hard^ Shines : j ,iSOphqinore kept the Boilermakers on their heels most Of the afternoon with his brilliant runs, pass completions, and iritercepted-pass run-backs. This driving Badger fullback gave the best exhibition of offensive play faced by the Boilermakers ail season, making yardage on eve:^ try, especially at critical points in the game. Harder made 30 attempts with the ball to gain a net yards total of 171 yards, an average of 5.6 yards per try. Although the Boilermaker offense continued its impotency, with the losing gridders never getting past the Badger 35 yard marker, their defensive alertness stymied a multitude of Wisconsin threats, and held the Badgers from pay dirt until the final quarter, when both scores were made.
Kick Blocked
The first Badger score came as the result of a blocked punt by game Captain Dave Schreiner shortly after the start of the final quarter. The second was made by driving Pat Harder in a
thrilling 54 yard off tackle jaunt.
A great part of the game was played in Boilermaker territory with finger-tip pass deflections and goal line stands keeping the Badgers from running the score to way above their
previous 21 points per game average.
The Badgers gained a net yardage of 226 yards by rushing while chalking up 17 first downs. In comparison to this, tiie ' —Boilermakers made 89 yards
along with just five first downs.
Sixty Minutes Again
Boilermaker center Bob Johnson played his seventh 61). minute game of the season to bring his playing time to 420
consecutive minutes.
First quarter play was evenly matched until the final minutes; On the first play of the
dressed a Physics seminar held Fri- g^-nie after the kickoff Petty ran 20,.
SclilesingerLedures ToPhysicsSeminar On Foreign Television Dr. K. Schlesinger of R. C. A., at present engaged in television reseai'ch work at the University, ad-
day evening on recent developments
in European television.
Schlesinger’s present work in the television lab at the Physics building is being carried on in the field
At Math CoofarBIICB Boxing Tournament Large' Campos^ BeaytifyJ Buildings,
Friendly Feeling impress";Ball Imports
Dr. M. W. Keller of the mathematic.s department will read a-pa-per entitled “Abilities and Inabilities of University students in freshmen mathematics” during the Thanksgiving recess at a meeting ih Chicago of the Centi-al Association of Science and Mathematics
Teachers.
; Also during vacation, W. L. Ay-]-es, head of mathematics department will preside over a meeting of the-American Mathematical Society at Manhattan, Kan. He is secretai-y of the midwestern area of the American Mathematical Society. WBAAToTeJ! Hisf-ory Of Old Oaken Bucket “Progress of . Pqrdue,” WBAA dramatic progi-am, will feature the history of the Old Oaken Bucket and famous Victory, Bell in the weekly broadcast over the .station tomorrow night at 8 , Disappearance of the trophy from the Union in 192(5 will be one of the more important happenings to be dramatized. In that year the Old Oaken Bucket was smuggled away from its show case on the day of the Pu!rduo,-Indiana game and finally reappeared after the contest was over.
Enters Semi-Finals
Tomorrow Evening • Freshman Military Boxing Tournament will go- into tho semi-final round tomorrow in the Armory. In the preliminai'ies last Monday, the contestants were narrowed down from about 500 to 45. Those semifinal bouts will eliminate all but 21 men, three in each of the seven weight clas.ses. The finals will bo held Wednesday, Nov. 2(5 in the
Fieldhouse.
Military Department sponsors a boxing tournament every year for the students enrolled in first year of Military training. Over one third of all of these students signed up for
the contest.'
Chn’stian Foundation To Hold Pageant Dec..7 Tryouts for the Chi-istian Foundation’s i)ageant, “Who Follows in His Train,” will be held tomori'Ow aftei--noon at 4 or 7 p. m. at the Foundation house, 131 South Grant. Seven l)e'rsons are deeded for the cast of the pageant which will be pi'esented , on December 7. Anyone interested is urged to try out tomorrow, d.e.b.
By Oscar Preston Wondering what imports think of the University and its students, we decided that the only way to find out is to go out and ask them. Herice, your inquiring reporter went, out on the campus,yesterday afternoon and asked the following questions of girls who came to the - campus .for the Militai-y Ball: “What do you think of the University, its students, the Military Ball, and the campus ? What -was the single thing tiiat impressed you the most'?” Imports’ .Answers We got the follow'ing answers from thte imports we interviewed; Mai'y Joan Burgess, Indianapolis,who was escorted to the Military Ball by Elmer Barth, ME ’43: “I think it’s all so confusing, but it is grand; It is so much bigger than my school. The,most outstanding- thing about the University was the Ball itself and Will Bradley.” Betty Rhode, Chicago, 111., who was being escorted by John Knop, Ag ’42: . “The Campus impressed me a lot,
being so large. The students are who waS;escorted by Murray Silvei'r. grand. I enjoyed the Ball very much, man, ME ’44: ‘ . -' The willingness of the students to , “I like the. wonderful grounds, the be friends impressed me the nio.st.” modernistic buildings and the grand Marthagene Ware, Evansville, body of students. I thought the Ball who was escorted by Ed Johnson, was grand but was disappointed by l^’SE, ’43: the grand march. The most impres“1 like the University and think sive thing on the campus is the Un-
it is fine. I liked the students very ion Building.”
much. I was thrilled at the dance, Jane Halleck, Gary, who was esand enjoyed myself very much corted by Dick Tannehill, Eng ’46: year.
yards from the Badger 30 before being tackled. The Boilermakers failed to pick up yardage and two exchanges of punts followed. , Chester intercepted Seelinger’s
of electronics. He is working now pass on the Purdue 24 and, on the on a plan to reduce the costs and next play Berto broke loose for-a technical equipment necessary for brilliant 41 yard sprint before being the transmission and reception of pushed out of bounds by a desperate television broadcasts. Before coming safety man. Chester and Petty made to this country last year, Schles- nine and a half yards in three do-wns. inger had worked in Europe bn the Petty’s fourth down plunge failed
improvement of home television re- by inches,
ceivers, and held many fundamental Meakim Halts Drive patents. The Badgers led by Ray, SeelinGraduated in Berlin ger and Harder with Captain SebreDr. Schlesinger graduated from iner taking a couple, of passes the University of Berlin in 1929. He marched to the Boilermaker 31 becarried on research and made instal- f<n'e Meakim interrupted Seelinglations in France, Germany, Britain, ®i'’s pass to Hanzlik in the end zone
Holland, Sweden, and Denmark. for a touchback.
In Paris, Schlesinger installed an Four plays after the quarter beexperimental transmitter for the gan, Harder ran off left tackle from Paris World’s Fair in 1937. This his five yard line for what looked to transmitter was used to send sound be a score, but he fumbled in the movies, consisting mostly of ne'ws , pileup at the - goal line and Bill reels. He remained in Paris doing: Combs fell on the bounding ball on
research and installation work untiL^be 3.
after the outbreak of war last year. . (Continued oh page 4) He left Paris to come, to the U. S. . -
the morning of-June Ml, 1940, and the Germans occupied the town
June 12. Q . I —p . — ji Schlesinger was employed by the ^peCial I ram f 01*6$ '
f Special individual and party fare*
to 1937. In 1937 he accepted a posi-^ available to New York, Bqftion with the Grannort Company in Cleveland and Chicago via the
Pans, and he remained there until j^ew York Central
there. The Music Hall impressed me as being ah outstanding point of interest.” '
“The size of the University and the amount of men impressed me terrifically. The ballrooms of the
Coed Criticism Unwarranted „,.,---^iion are nice. They remind me of
/ t.bp
Mai-y Alice Husted, Fort Wayne,
the Aragon in Chicago, as they are
who was escoLf^rby'’Ed''Rice,”chE ^
big- as the Aragon The beauty of
“I like the University - well Cary Hall was the most impressive enough' to come back . again. The’ campus.’^
boys are pretty smooth. And the
comment about the girls is unwarranted, as the coeds are beantifiil. I was disappointed in the football game. The way the students welcome you impressed me tho most.” Union Is Impressive
Campus Most Impressive
Well, we gather that the outsiders like pur campus almost-as well as we do. Maybe we don’t appreciate oui- coeds enough — as one girl thinks. .But, everybody agrees that the Military Ball was a tremendous success, and that we should have
system again
this year at Thanksgiving and Christmas, according to an announcement received yesterday from
the Student Senate.
Round trip fares will apply to coaches, and party rates will be contingent upon the pui'chase of tick*
Members of the Cosmopolitan ets to the same destination by 15 OJf Club at the University of Illinois more persons. Individual coa^b will visit the local organization this fares will be $27.50 to New Yoi^, week-end to help plan the national to Buffalo and $11.34 tO
Illinois Cosmopolilans To Visit University Club
convention of Student Cosmopolitan Clubs which will be held here Dec. 21 to 23. ' Pledging activities of the local club ended at 4:30 yesterday aftex*-
Carol .Oppenheiin, Chicago, 111., more dances like it.
Cleveland. Pax'ty rates will be $25.00 to New York, $15.55 to Buffalo and
$9.76 to Cleveland.
Tickets may be secured at University Book Store from 4 p. fla,
noon. Students interested should re- to 5:30 p. xn. on Monday and TuiW- . port to the club in room 304 of the day or at the Big Pouf Station jiisli Union, w.e.x'. before train time. j.o.e.fit:
lil’J |||t, . m..
'J
VttSUlHfiTON MERRY-M' ROUNJ
m
By Bitw Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Whole Thing Off
RAF Sfyciies US Flying Corp; Wsekard Wants Limit On Farm Prices
Someone once'wrote that ''those who are silent approve; only those who disapprove'are
ANYTHING flAN HAPPEN ^ noisy.” Recently we editorially advocated the
It is not our design to cover any portion of the happenings ^nd Gala Week comthat can be more adequately covered by the Gestapo but the elections. Since then we have received Cork just can’t help wishing that we were going to Blooming- editor and no one has challon for the lU game this Saturday. And don t get the Idea that p„p„sed abolishment. In view.of we have only football in mind, tor we are of the opinion that eearcity of letters we assume that either one is liable to see a!mo.st anything at an lU game. everyone is 100 per cent in accord with our edi-
' ' . 1 , ■ 1 1 1 torial policy or tho! student body doesn’t care
We formulate our opinion m view of an event which took ^^ether they elect the committees or not.-
place last year at the lU game here. The atmosphere was rather sloppy,, and the team wasn’t doing so good, and being ignorant like, we are, we waited too long to get our tickets. We didn’t mind, sitting way down where the fires raged at this year’s Michigan State game, but w;e did get rather tired of several feminine individuals who sat behind us. Not that they were hard on the peepers, for being Pi -Phi’s like we figured them to be, they were unbelievely easy to look at. |t was what they
talked about that rather irritated us.
YMCA Holds Tennis Exhibition f Famous Players Show Skill
We are inclined to believe that the students . no longer are interested in an all-campus Prom and Gala Week election. The election day is not too far off, and yet neither of last year’s parties, the Boilermakers and. Progressives, have made plans for the coming campaign. At this time last fall election plans were well under way, and candidates had been chosen for for several weeks. The two tickets .were an-
tir A aTJT\-,-'-rn7vT i-icvcfon a i c / • jt • j j-u • u ^ -f ^ ttounced in the Exponcnton December 1. That WASHIISGTON — Ihe heioism At first my I'oomie and I enjoyed their chatter, for we were , , . i ^ u i /i-fT? A F F, one of the most • , . • j. i -j.! i, a. 4.1, a date IS now only two weeks away, but no One
of the k. A. 1 Pecomiug acquainted with what those rugged, mud
glorious pages in all military history,. hut ns an independent air force its days are immbered. No publicity Ijas been given the matter, but a,.mission of British air . officers i? in the U. S.. studying our Air Corps orgiiiiizatioirprcparatory
each of the galloping eleven on the field.
Potter ticket.
Once when Rankin Was smeared and lay motionless in the _ past yeafs only a few have actively parmud after the beef of the pile up had cleared away, the co-eds ticipated m election campaigns, Vith the rest behind us rose in unison and cried pleadingly, "Davey, Davey, looking on with little active inget up!” Another time one of the dames wondered if Berto Now.eithei the interested fev/ have
was any different in a FOOTBALL pile up. When Carrot Top "graduated or lost their taste for campus poll- pletely. Furthermore if a majority of students Carter clashed down the field on one of his unconventional dis- tics.^since no one seems to give a "tinkers hur- , aren’t interested in the elections, there is no plays of ball handling, one of those behind us said she was go- happens this year. Thus the old po- reason for continuing them,
ing to kiss Carter at the dance that night for all the yards he
had gained that af ternoon, and the Cork wondered if we envied
the red head.'
In Ilie Cfiurches
, . , 1 11 • f ; „ „ 414- has even commenced to consider possible can-
covered, pig skin toters did when the music was playing sott .
, 1 • 1 1 Vi 4. TV rii T3 -0 4- T-4-4-1.- didates. The .Boilermaker party is without and a Pi phi was on deck. Capt. Davey, Glamor Boy Berto, Little , , . • . , all interest in John Petty, and Mr. Neff were j ust a few of the able gentlemen l^adersh p, em c ^s o in erest m ,, , A 4. , , 4.1. T 41 4- -41 its activities. The Progressive party is split that were discussed at long length. In fact, if we remember ^ , ,, ■ , , . 414.1, between fraternities and Cary Hall, and the right, before the game was over every one of those gossiping .. j-j m i 4t, 4 • A ■, jiuauui.v , ° ’ , . , , .A, 1 -4.4. j 4-1. 4 i, 1 j V, ,4- „,i4-v, fraternity group didn t bother to include any 1 „ 41R A F iiinno- bleacher birds languidly admitted that she had been out with ^ . t> • ^
to remodelling- the R. A. .1'. along ^ „i„„ 4.u„ 45.,ij of their freshmen on the Progressive Green
the same lines:
After more than two years of active w ar experience, the British have dcdclod than an independent air force is not the most efficient method of handling air power. They consider the U. S. Army system of an intergrated air. command much more effective, and are plamiirig to make exteiisive changes in the R. A. F. set-
up.
This is highly significant, in" view- of iJ-.e loiid clamor in certain congressional quarters for - taking the Air Corps out of the Army and giving it ah indepen-
dent status.
Hearings on such a bill were scheduled for last, monlh, but were postponed Ijy Senator Bob Rejniolds, oft-married, isolationi.st chairman of tlie MiiiLary Affairs. committee, to enable him to honeymoon wdth his 20-year-olcl heiress bride. Reynolds is a sfron.g advocate of an
independent air force.
Meairivlrih', tlif.' 'War Department is quietly formulating some.changes in the Air Coi-ps command to be announced .shortly. These changes will give airmen an even greater voice in the Army tlian they have had under ihi? revision announced by Secretary Stimson la,st summer. .Under llie Stimson reorganization, five Air Support Commands
w-ere e-stabiished, aiid an Air Corps Her sisters were too busy Seeing that Smerke didn’t get hurt officer was clevate/i to the rank of on the play to notice the unfortunate girl’s position. We nugLieutenant General and made com- pardiier, and after surveying the situation we decided airtS'cai-iIbbemr'd'SnseT'*^^ couldn’t very well bum the ‘ the inside word' is that the vital bleachers out from arouiid her, and because stadium officials Akiskatr defenses soon Avili be put would object if we blasted the concrete under her, the most under an Air general and the same practical way to detangle the stuclUone would be by the feet
litical parties are dying froiu the yefy nature
of the:System itself.
Election proponents argue that campus pol-
itics Md color to the University and give an Table tennis exhibition under the
opportunity to experience the workings of Sd
, T. - j jr 4.4.1 jj -4. 4. League was held Igst'mght at 8 p. democracy. It ts true that they add excitement, ^ y'mca gym. The tournabut the party lines'have dissolved. Without ment featured two prominent table parties, who by group action are able to col- tennis players: Douglas Cartland, lect enough money to put on a good show for Southern arid Middle Atlantic States the students, there would be no color! Furthdf- champion and Metropolitan^ tuiemore we aren’t convinced that they teach any- champion. New •thing about the democratic process. York State Champ, and New Jersey
The recent Green Potter election ended in 'state Champ. Cook is rated as one
a battle between fraternity and Cary Hall. A of the best defensive players in the '
majority, of the organized freshmen bandedvvQBd-
together and elected an all-fraternity ticket. Champs Featured The organizers of this group, were,.using the , Show featured matches between „ , ,1. . r- J 4: the ranking table tennis men and freshman election as a testing ground for a tournament. new all-fraternity party, and we hope, that the Qne of the main events of the profinal Green Potter results proved to them that gram was the contest between Cartit would be extremely unwise to pit fraternity land and-Cook. For variety Cook, against unorganized, men in the future. The while seated in a chair, playeAany ftatemity-independent relationship on this LmSa'teThy campus has always been ideal. It would be a exhibitionets."After the show crime to create,ill will between the two groups Cartland assisted by Cook explained by the establishment of a Greek vs. indepehd-'the strokes and gave gropp instrucent election. table tennis technique.
The 3tudent Senate is now preparing a questionnaire to be sent to a representative group of . Students in an attempt to learn -what they want done with the Prom and Gala Week election. We don’t intend to predict the results of this poll, but we do believe that if elections are going to degenerate into a fraternity-inder pendent battle, they should be abolished com-
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK
— DENTISTS ....
400-404 Sehult* Bldg.
4th and Main St. Lafayette
school classes—Taught by Mrs. R. Monticello who will use as his theme,
My roomie said that this couldn’t go on ; we had to put up a defensive. We tried disgusting glances backward, but they were difficult subjects to aim disgusting glances at. We tried mockery, but they talked louder than we. And finally we tried to get another seat, but all uffio had seats were hanging on to
them and there were none vacant.
Then in the third quarter it happened. A Hoosier back fumbled and: Smerke buried the ball on the Indiana thirty^five as he recovered. Gur big chance to score! The team on the bench danced, the band blasted avYay, and the entire student section of the stadium was one mass of screaming, jumping, laughing fans. The excitement was kept up for some time. The Cork was excited too, but not nearly as excited as we got when we felt a feminine heel of a shoe konk us on the vertebre, and we turned to see a Pi Phi adequately lodged, head downward, between the
water soaked rows of seats. .
G. Thomas; Dr, C. 0. Lee; Professor D. H. Patterson and the . .Rever-
end E. S. Baisley.
10:40 a. m.—Morning 'Worship Service.—Doctor Steele will preach on the theme “Faith Triumphant.” The Paul Tincher Smith Memorial Choir will furnish special music at
this service. . .
5:45 p. m.'—Wesley Vespers Sun-
Roger Williams 15c 'kw Evening Program — The first
period, will be devoted to fellowship and recreation. The guest speaker for the Wesley Vesper service will
West Lafayette Baptist Church Corner Columbia and Chauncey Joseph Baird Gleason, Student Pastor 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Chib Class Hour. 10:35 a. m.-—-Church Wor-shiji Ser-
vice.
5:30 p. m
Lunch.
6:00 p. m.—^.Roger Williani.s Club
“Maintaining A Sound Balance In Times Like These.” Every Purdue student is cordially invited to attend this service.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Social Hour.
.6:30—Roger Williams Club Dis- the Reverend Jasper H. Cox of cussion Hour. ^ ^
.. “Thanksgiving D:,iy led by Helen Snyder.
Judges Us”
Hays Jev/elpy Co. 131 Norfh Fourth St. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
ROBERT CUMiHIHGS' CHARLES COBURN — AND —
weaver®'''
0\
rfir
— ALSO — "DONALD DUCK"
First Methodist Cluirdi
(Cor, Chauncey and South Streets) 9:30 a. m.—Four St'udent Chui-ch
Dine Tonight
NU. CHINA. GR5LL CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY
409 Columbia St.
ahso may he done in Hawaii. Also, one of the new commanders of the four citizen armie.s may be an Air Corps officer, promoted to the rank of Lieutenant General. © PresidentiaS Advice Those five Republican Congressmen who accepted the invitation to fly to Cl eat Britain as guests of the New York newspaper "PM,” re.ceived the full ble.ssing of the Presi■d'ent before they departed, plus a
piece of advice.
The. g'l’oup, led by Representative Jo.seph T'. Baldwin of Neiv York, a strong .supporter of the Administration's foreian, policy, told Roosevelt that 11 planned to obtain first-hand irifoi’niaiioi.) on the effectiveness of (J. S. Icnd-lease aid a.s well as an over-all pi.etiM'e of wartime economic conditions in England. The Pre.siuenl reiilied that he was in full accord with the aims of the trip, .wliicli, he. .said, provided a “marvelous opportunity” to study 'Rriti.sli !i!Oj;.!!o, homo defense and indi.iKli'ial production at close range. “Hut f w ant to pu( you on your guard about one thing,” he grinned. ‘'Don't he .surpri.sed dr annoyed if the oflicials you meet
method. This method proved to work out very well.
The babe was thankful, we hqd done our good deed for the day without sacrificing too much, and we went on to watch a mug named Gene White thump the soaked pumpkin over for a field goal. But we feel that something is going to happen at Bloomington this Saturday that we aren’t going to be in on. Especially if thoise girls are at the game.
over there drop everything for a spot of tea at four o’clock in the afternoon. The British people— in peace or war—don’t travel at the hectic pace to which we are accustomed, and piey shouldn’t be criticized for it. . “1 know, because 1 spent some lime in Great Britain during the last War.” ' ® Farm Prices Up Eor nearly eight years, Henry
'Wallace sat at his desk in the Agriculture Department:building, with his back to tfie Washington Monument, and his face turned toward a (Continued on page 4)
1.11^
TODAY - MONDAY —.2 SWELL HBTS —
HOME: COOKING Plate Lundies 25c and up Sandwiches 10c SMITHY’S COACH
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
IT'S A LULU FROM HONOLULU! Get Gay! Swing and Sway! Meet a pair of eyes ... in a Paradise!
IPNISSWE-R'SS
PATWetA DANE
nn^im
SARA HADEJ} PAX WcDQBAtO
PAYNE
HOMEflO
0i
in TECHNICOLOR
Now PlaYing
Gubina Wright, Jr. • George Barbier Sheldon Leonard • Leonid Kinskey', Cbris-Pin_MartinABilly Gilbert MAHS
RYTEX PERSONAL STATIONERY
A LAUGH-LOADED ROMANTSC SPREE!
University Bonk Store
Acros Saininons ’
From UiiLou 19 “Doc»*
Eppio *40
PwidusL. £xpomnL All-American 1940-"41
IhiirKd as class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March •'!. 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in .section 1103, act of October 3, J9I7, aulhorizcd .January 20, 1922. Ruhlislied daily except Monday during the regular academic year ami weekly during the Suininer Se.ssion. Delivered locally by carrier for .$3.50 per year, mail subheriiitions, $1.00.
Ciliti.i Kiw:: j;<iilia .Si,01 lb laiitii)
, NbjI a. (trhillrfo HusinrsK Manrider.. .Joint L. TrauK:olt ManaKiiiij Kditor... Hliil Jo!in»on Coed Kdilor
Don S. Powers .Lcland W. Kuflfner Ruth RoBe
Publication Staff AriBoi'iatc; Kditors J'Jdif-oi ia! : .!. F. Ahigr, J. Jf.. ArrnBt.roiiU» D. T. liroiihy, .U, L, Hrun.y, V. !. JorifS, 1^; G. Kii-ppr. : .Isporlti Mtafi : O. 'J'. Clark, J; Jj; I'Ya-sor, J. H. Koelor. (.Aifti Mary E, Kuynton, Alico ClmUicld, June RamtidclI.
Business Staff Cood Utisiiicas Maiiajrcr: Donna Siesa; Office Manager: Lee i-losaonn. Local AilvertiainK ManaKera: K. K. Gjemre, R. E. Saxton; Lirciilatiuii Manujicr: W. T. Dell; Accounts Manaecr: W. D. Milliii-cl. .luniiir (.'(led Maimucra: Jean Frankonberry, Francis Lloyd, .Julia Martin.
Phones: Edilori.iil and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Iti'preacntcd for iialional advt.rtiaine: liy National Advertiaintt Kui'vieii, Ine., Colleite Publishers Iteiircsentativea, 420 IHadison Aye.. New York, N. Y,
NiKlit LJinir; Hadley Jttam; Ldilur: Hatr
Staff For This Issue Day Editor: Kuinadell Iteportera: .S. It, Jieal, S. U. Wolf, It, E. Fischer, W. G. HusKiiorla Editbr: Fraser k'lis, C. J',. Wuttknvurtli. .Sports: E. Karpick.
NOW SHOWING TWO FIRST RUN HITS
STAMPEDE OF S.CREEN SENSATIONS!
But together they've got the world by th0 tail ' in ,the busiest, dizziest place on eorfh , , ,
liiiH
Starts TODAY
(frimv'BRilJiS lEMi'eACIl AtlyCp !«WliP2CARGD"Si('lfANG?ANIl CWW
I PLUS -— HOLD YOUR BREATH! HOLD YOUH SIDES? HOLD EVERYTHING!
The Rough'n'Tough Rascals from Hell's Kitchen . Tangle with the Screen's Merchant of Menace!
BiLA LUGOSI
The EASTlSIDEI KIDS
Ik-
/
^ IHarriers Sieek Big Ten Track Crown Tomorroviif
Bumps, Bruises, Little Glory Chunky
Lot Of Frosh Football Player
Phil Johnson’s presence lifc the Wisconsin game made it necessary for a junior sports
fcditor to pinch hit in this column.
By Ed Karpick
There isn’t any glory in being a freshman football player at a Big. Ten school. Conference rules prevent the freshman teams from engaging the freshman teams of other
The Badgers came out of their hole, ne^t, cave, or whatever th^y live in, schools in regularly scheduled comWith a vengeance, yesterday afternoon, and during the eouirde of the af- petition. This means that many of ternoon’s activities, reached into their bag of tricks and produced what the boys who come to college with a even their fans thought they didn’t possess—a powerful defense. Wis- fine high school reputation have to tonsin boosters settled themselves before game time with expectations hide their light under the proverbial of seeing another afternoon of football with the ball carriers of both bushel for at least a year, teams spending more time in the end zones than between the goal lines. Varsity Meat"^ • Dull Day, Only Two Touchdcwns ^ During their freshman year they Much to their surprise and pleasure, the fans were treated to the spec- regularly scheduled games, tacle of the local bruisers holding their opponents scoreless for the first they do have a chance to show time this year. The electric scoreboard put in an easy day’s work and their ability against the varsity in everybody went home happy, except our Riveter representation. The annual varsity-freshman game Badgers were sniffing at the Riveter goal line during most of the dreary played before the start of afternoon and only gallant, last 'ditch stands saved\the Boilermakers regular varsity season. At this
from further embarrassment.
• Debate New A. A. U. Marks
Out of season, but worthy of note—The annual meeting of the A. A. U. in Philadelphia, will include among its debates, a discussion of record applications from the track world. Up for approval is the amazing 10.2 second performance of Harold Davis of the San Francisco Olympic Club
for the 100 meter dash.
Decisions will also be handed down on Les Steers’ 6 foot 11 inch high jump and Indiana’s Archie Harris’ 174 foot 8 inch discus toss.
• They Tag Too Hard
I Who said touch football wasn’t rough ? A recent game played at Min-
nesota college produced more injuries than the school’s health clinic Dutch Fehring, Sammy ^Vc^noff could handle. An incomplete list of casualties showed one broken breast Claude Reeck that the boys do bone, one broken wrist, three wrenched knees, and four sprained ankles, gg their initial encounter
If it wasn’t for the strict rules, some of the grudge games played in the fraternity tourney on this campus, might produce an even longer list.
time the freshmen play under great disadvantage because they come from high schools that use all the assorted varieties of attack in the game today. They have only a few days to get acquainted with each other and be welded into a smoothly (more or less) functioning team in*time for the game. It is indeed a tribute to the coaching ability of head frosh coach Elmer Burnham and his staff composed of
IM Schedule
SQUASH Monday, November 17 Court 1: 7:00—Beta Theta Pi 7 :45—Sigma Phi Epsilon 8:30—Alpha Gamma Eho Court 2: 7 :00—Alpha Sigma Phi 7 :46—Tau Kappa Epsilqn 8:30—Theta Xi Court 3: 7 ;00—Alpha Chi Eho 7 :4B—Alpha Kappa Lambda 8 :30—Delta Chi Tuesday, November 18 Court 1: 7 :00—Pi Kappa Psi 7 :45—Acacia ' 8:30—Phi Delta Theta
Court 2: 7:00—Phi Kappa Tau 7 :4B—Alpha Tau Omega 8 :30—Phi Kappa Court 3: 7:00—Phi Sigma Kapap 7 ;4B—Phi Gamma Delta BASKETBALL Monday, November 17 Court 1: (Barnard) 7:00 Cary Hall 13 va Cary Hall 14 7:1.5 Cary Hall 15 vs Cary Hall 1 8 :00 Ward 36 vs Ward 31 8:16 Ward 35 vs Ward 34 Court 2'. (Zehring) 7 :00 Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 11 7 :16 Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 9 8:00 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 7 8:16 Ward 9 vs Ward 32 Court 3: (Gates) 7 :00 Cary aHll 5 vs Cary Hall 4 7:15 Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 2 8:00 Ward 21 vs Ward 2 8:15 Ward 3 vs Ward 6
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. ““ HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
LET’S BOWL
Enjoy your free hours and evenings al the bowling alleys. Meet your friends and howl, it’s a good way to relax. JhL (plVvdwL Wsim&daL lAnJmL The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
Their biggest function is to pre^ pare the varsity for the teams that they meet throughout the season. First of all the opposition is scouted so that their style.of attack may vbecome familiar to the coaching staff. Then the various plays are taught to the freshman so that they can run through them against the varsity. In this way when Saturday finally rolls around the varsity has some idea of what will happen when the opponents start a play rolling. Running plays against the varsity isn’t exactly an easy way to spend the afternoon. As one of the freshman commented, “I thought that they hit hard in high school football. Those were only playful taps compared to the way these varsity
men hit.” Big Help
This comment should not be construed to mean that the frosh object to meeting the varsity in scrimmage, because they enjoy pitting themselves against older and more experienced players. They are glad %4o be able to assist in getting the varsity ready for their games. The freshman realize that Mai Elward
and his team appreciate their help. Another function of the freshman team is to provide replacements for the men who will get their sheepskin in the spring. This year’s freshman team has many capable performers who will be ready for varsity competition next fall. It is difficult to classify some of these men as guards, ends, backs or what have you. This fall they are filling in some position on the freshman team but next year when they move up to the varsity, they play in some altogether different spot. Future Stars Because of what they have shown in practice some of the following players will bear watching next fall. Among the backs we have Henry Stram, the Gary speedster; Andy Berkley, who has a deceptive change of pace in the broken field; Ott Hurlie, a triple threat fullback; and a pair of field generals that look good. Bob Close and Stan Cofall. Joe Winkler looked very good ,in early season drills, but a serious knee injury in the varsity-freshman game has kept him out of action
since.
In addition to the backs there are quite a few likely looking linemen anxious for the time when they can play varsity ball.'At the ends there are Odd Anderson, Bob Allen, and Ned Maloney. Irv Kemeche, Gene Matrewitz, and Ralph Clymer, are thrive in tough going. Bob Borwebig fast tackles of the type that gan. Will Guthier, and Schultz look the best in the all important guard posts. A transplanted tackle. Herb Seidel and Ainsley are firmly anchored in the center position. Driving Game It’s really a treat to go and watch these freshman scrimmage under game conditions. Their hard blocks and driving tackles give a scrimmage a big game appearance, e.l.k. Game Pictures ... of the Wisconsin game will be shown tomorrow night at 7:30 in the South Ballroom of the Union. The pictures are sponsored by the Tippecanoe County Alumni Association and they will be explained by a member of the’ coaching staff. Adj mission is free and everyone is^ vited to attend.
Unbeaten Riveter Squid Faces Strong Field On Home Course Tomorrow the Riveter Cross Country team will face the other teams of the Big Ten in the meet to decide the conference cross country championship for this year. The meet Will be run on the Boilermakers' four mile cloverieaf course. Perfect Record ,, .
This fact coupled with the Riv-
eters’ perfect record in dual compe- periority for the season. In view of tition, plus their handy win over the Holderman’s fine victory last week, other state schools in the State meet Riveter fans hope to see the Rivlast week should install the Phillips 'eter captain established as the in-
men as pre-meet favorites. The well dividual Big Ten champ, balanced Boilermaker squad need Team Is Ready
not dei^end on the performance of Friday’s time trials indicate that any one man in the meet but will the team is showing its best form of rely principally on team strength the season. Don Kemp with his featl to bring them their first conference of running a dead heat with Holdchampionship since the advent of erman shows that he is ready and Coach Hermon Phillips to the helm able to run against the best men of the Riveter distance team. One in the Big Ten. Woody Appleton of the highlights of the meet will be has been a consistent performer- all the continuation of the duel between season and if he is hot. Woody may Ed Holderman, the great Boiler- give the leaders a run for their maker captain, and Wilt, the Indi- money. Darrel Roach, Keith Means star. The first time that the two Laughlin, Charlie Ddesler and Bob met was in the Purdue-Indiana Jarvis will complete the Riveter dual meet early in the season., At team for the Big Ten meet and. they that time the Riveter captain sus- all are capable of fine performances, tained his only loss of the year when ^he meet wiU start at eleven he finished behind the^Bloomington tomorrow morning in the flash. Last Saturday m the State southwest comer of the three hole meet the two met for the second g'olf course. Instead of following the
time, and this time Holderman passed Wilt in a thrilling stretch drive
to even the season’s score at one jy intramural field for the
added half mile that extends the distance to four miles. Those hardy fans that braved the elements to see the State meet, will recognize the course as the same one as that which was used last Saturday, e.l.k.
Hoosiers In Last Game Personnel Notes
... Johnny Andretich, Petty’s understudy at the fullback post, showed Wisconsin fans that the apple of their eye, a certain Pat Harder, isn’t the only phenomenal sophomore fullback in the conference. His fine play in yesterday’s setback at Madison was a bright spot in an other-
wise dreary afternoon.
other will establish a definite su-
Boilermakers To Meet
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg.
IM Schedules
TOUCHBALL Field Monday, November 17 9 Wood-Belt—Tau Epsilon Phi vs Alpha Tau Omega or Phi Kappa Psi 11 Olds-Rafferty—Phi Gamma Delta vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon or Delta Tau Delta
KEEP YOUR HOME NEAT AND ATTRACTIVE WITH ACE PAINTS FIXTURES — HARDWARE John Sperb Hdwe. 822-24 Main St.
I didn’t say IVEW I said RENEWED I take my CLOTHES to the
^‘Lotvest Prices Quality' Will Permit’^ Norlhwegjtern at Vine Phone 4081
Next Saturday afternoon, down at Bloomington, the Boilermaker football machine will take their annual crack at Bo McMillan’s Hoosiers; and at the same time, made a bid for the Old Oaken Bucket. Saturday’s game will go down on record as the forty-fourth battle in the series which features one of the biggest rivalries in football. The Riveters have an edge in the series, with 24 victories to Indiana’s 14. Five games ended in
a tie.
Sophomore Star
Billy Hillenbrand, sophomore left halfback from Evansville, is pacing the Hoosiers, after seven games, in passing, scoring and pass interceptions, punt and
kickoff returns. The 19 year old
Crimson sensation had hit 17 com- settled at the fullback spot, is the pletions out of 50 passes for a total Hoosier punter. His average of 38 gain of 398 yards. He has returned yards per kick is slightly above the four aerial interceptions,. one of average piled up by Hillenbrand, which was a 72 yard gallop against who occasionally assumes the role
Northwestern. Indiana has tallied punter.
14 touchdowns in seven games and The Hoosier line is led by Captain Hillenbrand has claimed six of them Gene White, the guard who spoiled and he has been directly responsible last year’s game for Riveter rooters for 13 of the scores. by kicking a field goal in the last 13 Charles “Chuck” Jacoby, another seconds of play. The line, which is rookie back, who propped at St. Ig- bulky enough to be troublesome, is natiua= in Chicago, is the Hoosiers flanked by Hasapes and Smith, a leading pass receiver. Jacoby has pair of ends that boast plenty of ofsnagged 11 tosses for 297 yards and fensive strength. Hasapes, a sophofour touchdowns and teams with more, is hailed by the Hoosier Bob White, junior fullback, as the coaching staff as one of the best team’s leading ground gainers. Both end prospects in the Big Ten.
are averaging better than f our yards Husky Line
^ Jim Trimble, a 230 pound senior, Hoosier Punters pj-ed Huff, a junior from BloomA much moved around back nam- jngton, are handling the tackle posed Doloway, who has momentarily reserve
strength furnished them by Zimny and Bell. The center of the line is made up of an all veteran combination. Jurkeiwicz, a husky center, and the guards. Gene White and Al Bragalone make the going tough through the -middle for any oppon-
Companies Scheduled To Visit 'The Campus (On Senior’s Company List): Wabash Railroad, Decatur, III., Nov. 17. Wright Aeronautical Corporation, Patterson, N. J., Nov. 17 andjlSl Carnation Company, Milwalukee, Wis., Nov. 18. • Westinghouse Electric Mfg. Co., Pittsburgh, Pa., Nov. 18 (January graduates only). National Carbon Company^ Bound Brook, N. J., Nov. 24. Procter & Gamble Co., Ivorydale, Ohio, Nov. 25, 26, and 27. Monsanto Chemical Co., St. Louis, Mo., Nov. 27. J. C. Penney Co., Lafayette, Nov. 28.
-w. tAF,AypTE
I BOOKS ER DAY
BESf'AUtHORS 3l"0c M‘IN)M’U\*
(Not on Seniors’ Company Lists) War Dept., Aircraft Radio Laboratory, Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio, Nov. 27 and 28. U. S. Navy, Nov. 27, 28 and 29. ents with illusions of line cracking power. The Hoosiers have tallied 94 points so far this year, due largely to Hillenbrand’s efforts. The Evansville Flash has received some valuable help from a pair of blocking backs that rank with the best in the conference. Eddie Herbert, back in action after a year’s layoff, and Lou Saban, an eye-opening sophomore, have handled the quarterback duties with the necessary combination of brains and brawn.
m
m
I’M NOT WORRIED ABOUT PARKING SPACE IN WEST LAFAYETTE
m % m
CAUSE rVE FOUND MY HEADQUARTERS
I
M -Ji . J' 06
* A
' ■ J Aims b
<t(r
"fin t •
i *
' A_
. V r
■“Si
l¥4G
V
.iF
t*urcliiS Exponent
WC\ ™,
Sunday^ November 1$^ 1941
^<*.i Is Wf ati mH .:
t\.
, iiiWi
tconsin Gridders
(Continued fiOm page 2)
thing he called parity. When he left to become vice-president he had finAlly succeeded in exifilaining to everybody what the woid paiity meant—^a proper balance between what the fanner sells and what the farmer buys—^but paiitv itself was stall unachieved In 1&37, Wallace saw the puce curves rise beautifully, and he was suie that paiity was lust aiound the corner Then came the lecession of 1938, and parity vanished like a milage But one day last month long after Wallace had left the De partment of Agriculture the curi ed line pulsed upward and passed the point marked 100 The a\ar and Sectetarj Claude AA ickard had done a hat Wallace had not Parity the goal of the New Deal farm program, had been achieved Farmers had pantj prices for the first time in th o decades Farm prices in 1941 will average nearlj 25 per cent above those of 1940 And an equal increase is expected in 1942 oier 1941 In 1932 faimeis had a cash in come of less than 5 billion dollais The 1940 figuie (including govern ment pajnieiits) vas 9 billion The 1941 figuie was iieailj 11 billion And in 1942 it may leach 12 billion • Farmers More Prosperous Still moie impoitant is the fact that faim puces hue incicised fastei than the cost ot whit the faimei has to buj He will ha\c to pay nioie foi what he bucs in 1942 but this iiiciease will not be enou,,h to offset the puce use iii taim pio ducts so that foi 1942 f umcis will have the favoiable end of the latio In othei woids the piuchasing powei of the fainici is ^icatei this j eai than it w as last j c u ind w ill be gieatei still next ve u Production and Melds aie ^onig up as well In niaiiy commodities this yeai s pioduction has set all time lecords This is a lai cij Iiom the eaily New Deal economy ot sc ii city—when little pigs weic slaugh teied to stiengthen the puce oi poik Today theie is gicat exhoitation to produce moie Scuetaiy Wick aid speaks of national goals and sajs the most uigcnt need is foi moie milk In short Woild Wai II in a fai moie oideilj wit is bunging p os peiity to fauneis such as thej hate not known since “Woild W u I • After the War—What^ And the big question is—W ill this piospeiity be followed hj a eatas trophe like that ot 1920 and 1921’ Wickaid franklj admits he s woi lied He is delighted at achieving paiitj, but feaiful ovei losing it ‘ Parity prices and exorbitant prices are two diffeient things he says ‘ If prices get out of hand we shall see inflation—something nobody wants—especially taimeis So Wickard has already reached the point where he is actually trying to hold down faun puces Some farm gioups favoi inci easing the loan late on the five basic ciops liom the piesent 85 per cent to 100 pel cent ol paiitj This would put a flooi undei piesent puces and send them up highei But Wickard is opposed. Instead he favois a ceiling at 110 pei cent of parity, to hold prices down He IS afraid that further increases will bring consumer protests with attacks on the legislation which sup poits prices Above all things “Uickaid wants to keep intact Wallace s AAA ma chinery—the laws which empower the government to i educe or in crease acreage, buy up surpluses make benefit payments and in geneial cope with the post-war problem. With a worried eye cocked on the rising barometer of farm prices, Wickard puts his thesis in three words: "Let's keep parity." • Lewis On Hillman Aeeoiding to inside s one job John L Lewis plans to do at the CIO convention opening in Detroit tomouow IS to lay out 0PM associate director Sidney Hillman good and plenty. This will be nothing new because
' (Continued fiom page 1) •'A S' Badgeis diove again fiom nfidfijisld aftei Chestei s punt to the 15v^heie Haider’s attempted field gQjp^went slightly to the light of the upii^hts Try Passes w f Aftei two exchanges of punts in the'^’fliird quaitei the Badgeis,took theijliaU on then own 34 and passed ,ind'‘ian to the Boileimakei 23 be fhid'tfalteiing on thiee passes The diive was spaiked by what looked li^'^a 66 yaid touchdown lun by Harder but the officials ruled his foot touched the side markei on the Piticfue 43 The hall was kept in mi|dfi€ld until the lattei pait of the period when Haidei intercepted IVI»kim s pass foi a 21 yaid lun bat^ and a fiist down on the Boil efniakei 28 A beautiful scieen p&ss Seehnger to Haidei left the who^e Badgei line for mteifeience but guard John Vecs stepped over th.e bloekers to barely trip the Wisconsin ace on the 17 as the gun filed Badgers Score fci the fouith quaitei on two tries Haidei took the ball to the 10 Farris's pass was intercepted by Cook on the 2 and lun back to the 7 Hajzyk hacked deep into the end zone to punt The kick was slow getting away and Was met by the chaaging chest of Dave Schreiner who also lell on the hounding hall for the score. Harder converted Two plajs aftoi the lick Riewer inteicepted Meakim s pass to get up to his own 41 The Badgers failed to gain and a pair of punt exchanges followed. Harder then ran over his own left tackle and aided by beautiful blocking saunteied into the end zone 54 yards distant His try for extra point was wide light
Beauty Contestants Parade For Judges Tuesday In Ballroom
Notices
Newman Club licbris ilidtiits <f Iht cl ib >viU^be takiiii nt tHc heeaktaW 9nn lay m imne aflei iht ) 10 Mass Everybody comt St Mary s Auditorium EUNMION
mootinK Will be intcrviewinx Jun fiiad 1 tiiiK KOTO KtudonlB who aic interested in boins commissioned in the Air Corps (non rpljjjjt) AH students art also advlstj ■iVinf fM«T*o will lio A mnnfti^er of. A n rr?^
Next Tuesday evening at 7 p m ovei two hundied coeds will walk acioss the stage qf the noith ball room, foi the piehmmaiy elimina ^lons of the annual beauty contest ■This fiist contest will he closed to the public and will be judged by membeis of the univeisity staff and local photogiapheis Only 32 Remain Of these two hundied coeds only 32 will lemain in the contest at the end of the evening The contestants of the pieliminaiy contest will be diessed in formals In the piehmin aiies, the contest ints will walk acioss the stage one by one and eliminations will continue until the 32 finalists have been selected
POJVIM Ihe bai dUfit will be Tuesdfty Nov 18 at 6 Sff p m Get tickets frpm Buslinoll MacMillan Sullivan or Youkey The price of tickets is 66e and the absolute deadline fir then iiurchase is Saturday Nov 15 at noon —BUSHNELL
CE 22 Students ihc examination to itnjovc C 01 I eiad(,s in CE 22 will be Kiven from 14pm Saturday Nov 29 iii Eooia ?01 of the Civil Bldg Thoseanterested please see me at once -^SONESON
that there will he A meetihg at 4 . Novernger 18 for those interested in Army
Air C/ofps (Non rated)
/at —GEAHAM
Pi Inii Signla JSTew initiates lar oH iiii keys frt m me at Trianglo rrateinity Kevs are on my desk Please check initials , SIIANl
ASME Debris picture will be taken at 7 iO p m Nov 2 in mam balUoom of the Union —UTLEY
WAA Tall spread will be held Tuesday Nov 18 at r 80 p m in WAA Cabin Tickets will be 25 cents —BLANK
Eenmcr Club Caps are available in my office Kegi lar mcctiTU, at 7 80 Monday Np vember 1 —EUEFNEE
Classified Ads
Zouaves Rougl n I atjop Monday Nov 17 at 7 p n in the Aimory —GRAF
ALiicuIiurist Meeting f Board of M n agci*b r icsd ly Novemler 18 at 4 00 p m II room 118 of Ag Hall —SNYDER
Zouave Actives and Pledges Foimal in itiat n M nday Novcmboi 24» at 5 30 p m in room lOo oi Aimory Banquet filkw ng -GRAF
Pistol Team Tryouts the following men lie asked to icport to the pistol range of the armoiy Nov 1^ at 4 i rm Beach H B Beckerich J Eiscnl our B E Ciom H D Eastmai R J Greer J K Gidcier D B Harm gton "T Hc6t er J N Hem^c W J Hyde E R J ndanian T Koestei W Kramer R N Riedwcg r "W R issel D B Schwen ker E H Simpson J H Williams G M —I r pROWN
Scriveners Meeting tonight (Sinday) Nov lb 7 30 I m in Room *^68 of the Un on Building Bring manuscripts Secictary to be eleeted —RIDGLE
Radio Club Meet lues lay Novembei 18 at 30 p m n ro m r t the E E build ing Theory elisses will be ontinuel —MILES
Typewriters A(llit g Mael ir s all nukes sold rented lepaircd ii I t i 1 h I M me ograph woik d( n( C I Lbersh H GOO Mum Lafayette Phone 2'’7)
Touchhall Lnthusiasts C imc at Stuaxt lield Sunday N v If at 3 3 m —BALKE and MARTfN
Lost V t sli I ril t c s 1 twe i Physics B nldiig ai I 1 i lue tl ill N nr in ca8(i Rewaid Call RUut f? I
Wanted All time tiousc Phone 8433
Christian Science Organization Regufai meetn g SO p m Tuesday Navembei 18 in Room 303 of Union —LOCKWOOD
Pur<ilue Christian I oundation Tryouts foi i page int to be given bv the Disciples players will be held Monday Nov 17 at 4 p m ai 1 I m All freshm in and upper classmen inteitsted aie inv ted to txy o it —BUSBY
Triton Club Reg lar meeting Tuesday Nov 18 at 30 p m in the women s gyn Refr shments \n ll be served aftei swim mn g —KRAEPLLILN
I an Hellenit ]\I tig Mondky Nov 1
A W S Rt>?V lar meeting f the In le 1 n lent Coe 1 Ho t Pre idcnt s Coune 1 w 11 be hold Monday November 1 it 4 00 p m m the A W S off ce BULNTE
Finals for the beautj contest will be held in the Music Hall at 8 p in on Satuidij Nov 29 Bobby Byine and his orchestia iiom the Glen Island Ca«ino will fuinish music foi the contest and enteitainment between judgmgs’of the beauties Bobby BjJiie will leatuie seveial membeis ot his oichestia in the swing aiiangcmcnts the band will pla>
at 4 p m in R om 303 of the Union
' —AVERY
Novice Pistil Any st de t dts r i g to file the Fifth N vice Pistol Giovp stalling Novertil er Zf shoi 11 gi p as soon as possible in the Sunly R On —BROWN
Senior ROTC Students A rcpieseptitive f the ArmV An Corps Materiel^i Division Wi ght i^ield Dayt Ohio will be n loon l02 Armo y b ginning 9 00 i m on liesd y Nov 18 Ihe rurpofie f r the
— BUS RATBS — FOR THANKSGIVING
NEW YOKK PITTSBURGH PA ST LOUIS MO TULSA, OKLA KANSAS CITY MO CINCINNATI, O CHICAGO, ILL MICHIGAN CITY, IND
O W $10 50 5 75 4 00 10 90 6 30 2 90 I 80 I 80
R T $17 50 9 00 6 40 18 70 14 95 5 25 2 95 2 95
Activities Bureau Th re w 11 be a junior n 1 enior t ff meet g 1 csdav Nov 18 at 4 p m in the Bureau off ee All staff members aie expected t be present —SCHORNSTEIN
r rensit Managers In poitant me ti g of all manageis Mot day Novembei l7 at foul p m in the office I AWLER
G E MAZDA LAMPS HOT POINT APPLIANCES
BRELSFORD'S ELECTRIC SHOP 213 State St Dial 5952
FREE MEALS AND FREE PILLOWS VIA all-ameri(:an
YANKEE TRAILWAYS
208 N 5th Street
Phone 4475
next to hianklni Eoosevclt Hill man who as pie&ident ot the Amal .,amated Clothing Woil eis union helped tound the CIO is Lewis s pet hate What will be new is that Lew is will blast Hillman it i tIO eonveii tion It w lb not ilw ij s th it w ly he tween them Just two shoit >eus igo Lewis heaped 1 iMsh pi use on Hillman with the same aidoi that he now lashes him In the CIO News ol bcptemhei 2o 1939 appealed a thiee eolumn aitiele signed by Lewis aeelaimmg Hillman in the most tlitteiing teims He ided Sidney Ilillm in — a Gieat Ameiican the aitiele ic views 1 biogiaphj wiitten hjGcoige Soule Heies whit Lewis said It IS haid on the authoi ot a book about Sidney Hillman to have me comment on it Ihat is because in a good manj jeais of close association with the man I have giown to know him and to feel a respect and affection toi him that no authoi could easilj expi ess m a book Sidney Hillman IS one ot the great Ameritans ot this generation Ihe uithor is light when he sajs that Sidnej Hillman represents something essentiallj 'Vmentan the best in the American spirit Sidnej Hillman s success is written in terms of dollais and tents but not toi himselt His sut tess IS measuied b) dollais uid cents of hundieds ot thousands ot 4mei leans who woik toi their living His success is engia\ed torevei in the lives ot \meutan workers constituting a monument moie lasting thin any ot gum ite
EAT GRAVES' BAKERY PRODUCTS
T Everything jor a 1 College Education I DEAC’S
ENROLL TONIGHT 7:00 P. M. BEGINNER'S BALLROOM DANCING CLASS NOW BEING ORGANIZED FOX TROT STUDY UNDER A NATIONALLY KNdWN INSTRUCTOR
ALLEN’S 6.1. & Ferry
NEW TIES 1 lor OLD
Oil. Saniton. <ii v < l< aniiifi; KStUKS the silk) lubtli oi inwiiesB lo you. ti« s Spec lal mg.((Ii(ntb aclually le Mv«b llic hlxis, giving a “bilk null finibh ” l(t ub I cn< w y (*in tn b now
TIES 6 lor
10c 50c
Phone 727B 1oday American Laundry
J32 Noilhwebt.in 4\e,
LET’S TALK
TURKEY,
Mr. Merchant
I’Jiaiik.sgiviua: YacaOois lb eoiMliijir
booji—and rigbl allcr Oial, Chrisl-
mas. ll’b a J>jg bcaboii, Mr. Merrhanl, no need lo leli you llial. And Ihe students of Purdue are going lo do most of their buying here, right in your stores. The thing lo do, Mr. Mer.diant, is lell them what you’ve got—Jet them know you’re trying to please them. You can best do that by advertising in—
Cm
T
PURDUE
EXPONENT
ik
^ f f k
4 *