Purdue
S^lBS
, ) ' r rixponent
Volume 52. No. 11 Present Reports Of University Affairs At Alumni Meeting Winterrowd To Preside; Ellion, Ross Will Speak The annual board meeting of the University ^Alumni association will ^convene this morning at 10 o’clock in the east faculty lounge of the Union. E. B. Baugh, executive secretary of the Alumni association, also axmounces that the board ’will hold a’limcheon meeting following the morning session. Will Report On University Affirs At this noon gathering, the board will hear from the following University officers and faculty members regarding various phases of University affairs: Dr. E. C. Elliott, president of the University; David E. Boss, president of the board of trustees; Prof. Frank S. Hockema, assistant to the president; Dean A. A. Potter, of the engineering schools; R. E. Stewart, controller; Dr. G. Stanley Meikle, director of research relations with industry; T. R. Johnston, publicity director; and others. Winterrowd Will Preside William H. Winterrowd, ’07, of Philadelphia, speaker at the recent Fitness Convocation and president of the Alumni association, will preside. Others expected to attend include: Burr S. Swezey, ’13, city, immediate past president; W. Henry Robert, ’12, Indianapolis, vice-pres-ident; H. J. Reed, ’ll, dean of the school of Agriculture, treasurer; John R. Jamison, ’29, city, recorddng secretary; LeRoy E. Hoffman, ’18, Agriculture Alumni director; Frederic A. Schaff, ’07, New York, Atlantic regional director; Ernest L. Simpson, ’99, Fort Wayne,'central regional director; Volney D. Lay, '06, LaPorte, Chicago regional director; Stanley S. Green, *18, city, Lafayette regional director; ahd Omar H. Day, ’09, Kansas City, Pacific regional director. J. C. Allen ... University photographer, suffered the loss of a valuable 5x7 press Graflex camera yesterday. It was stolen from his automobile between 8 and 12 a. m. while the car was parked on Marstellar street near the Agriculture Experiment Station. This large camera and its 4.6 Bausch and Lomb lens were used by Mr. Allen for taking pictmes of local football games. HEALTH SERVICE WORKERS Students who assisted with physical examinations during registration may get their checks by calling at the Student Health Service. S. J. MILLER Director
ScrtnrdcQr'. Septeabm 21. 1840
Notice To Students Students possessing cars which they intend to drive during the school year, and who have not complied with the University regulations regarding registration of cars, are required to do so before Monday, September 23, on which date the penalties for non-registration will become effective. Cars may be registered at the Physical Plant office, Service and Stores Building, 8 a. m. to 12 noon and 1 p. m. to 4:30 p. m. week days, except Saturdays. It is necessary to present an inspection card showing that the car has been tested and approved by the Indiana State Police, Lafayette or West Lafayette city policy before a ear may be registered. The Indiana State Police will test student cars, free of charge, only after 4:00 p. m. daily' at Post No. 3, one and one-half miles northwest of the Campus on State Road 52. Edward C. ElUott, ' President.
IjOOO Students Jam Ballrooms To Hear Union Swing Test Over one “thousand entertain-ment-hungry students packed into the Union ballrooms last night to hear the program of swing, comedy and mock political banter put oul; by George Olsen and his “Princes of Swin^’. For over an hour, from 7 to 8:16 o’clock, Olsen kept the audience applauding while the band members poured sweat. Exhibitions by blonde Jean Blair, vocalist; Bob Rice, guitar player and vocalist; and Herb Harris, drummer, brought the most applause. The swing session, sponsored by the Union, was followed by_a.regular mixer from 9 to 12 o’clock. ~ Two Thousand Swine Men Attend One-Day Market Hog Session Over two thousand swine-grow-ers from over the state returned home last night after attenduig the twentieth annual University Swine Day, held yesterday on the University’s swine experimental farm north of the campus. ^ Reports of facts learned in University animal husbandry experiments on tests conducted throughout the summer with three himdred Duroc Jersey market hogs on the farm were given to attending farmers. Reports Given One of the main reports given was that it does not pay to grind either hybrid or open-pollinated com to feed to swine. The all-day meeting included in- . spection of the hogs on test at the farm during the morning,^ and a meeting in the livestock judging pavilion on south campus during the afternoon. Prof. C. M. Vestal, who has been in charge of the feeding tests, explained results'of tests on comparative feeding values of certain hybrids and open-pollinated com varieties, mixed protein supplements for fattening hogs in dry lot. and on pasture and comparisons on va3pying proportions of com and hominy feed for fattening hogs. Alpha Lambda Ddta, Pledges 13 Coeds '' In Union Ceremony Thirteen sophomore co-eds were pledged to Alpha Lambda Delta, - freshman co-ed scholastic honorary, yesterday afternoon in the Union. The pledges are: Betty Brown, Geneva Heath, Phyllis Hyde, Roberta Kessler, Carolsm McCrary, Margaret Jeannette Parker, Monica Buergler, Margie Buntain, Dorothy Goodman, Gail Hennis, Anna Deane Rams^, Mary Catherine Virtue, and Ruth WalW. ' Cooley, Hardin Wedding SeJI For This Afternoon The autumn garden wedding of Mary Cooley, HE ’39, and Lowell S. Hardin, Ag ’39, will take place this afternoon at 4:30 o’clock at the home of the bride’s parents. Prof, and Mrs. R. B. Cooley, at 817 North Salisbury street. A reception will follow. In case of inclement weather, the service will be held in Central :^esbyterian Church, and the reception in the church parlors. , Hardin is from Ithaca, N. Y., and was managing editor of the Exponent in 1938-’39.
Cadet Col. LE.Aull Names Committee
^ Varsity, Rhinies Battle Today
F^Kiiibniiir In Annual Intra-Squad Game
A - i J ■
Elward Starts Veterans/
Tonight At Mixer frosh Parade To Game
Announcement was made last night by Cadet Col. L. E. Aull, chairman, of the remaining personnel of the 1940 Militairy Ball Committee. According to Aull, the date of the dance will be announced later. Serving with Aull are Cadet Colonels W. A. Ward and B. W. Gibs<in; Cadet Lt. Colonels J. R. Blackwell, K. J. Thompson, F. J. Roth; Cadet Majors J. R. Storm, J. D. Brummett; Bvt. Capt. M. H. Smith of the University Band; Cadet 2nd Lieutenants A. J. Dillon, A. A. Topp, R. A. Dibos, W. L. Sullivan
and R. B. Stecker.
Senior Cadet Colonel William Meese will act as an ex-officio mem-
ber of the committee.
Aull in his announcement said the committee will start work immediately to make the ball “bigger and better”. The Military Ball will officially open the University formal
dance season.
Cosmo Club Opens Year With Reception Over seventy foreign and American members and guests of the Cosmopolitan Club were entertained by a varied program at a welcoming reception held in the east faculty lounge of the Union last night. Ernesto Cortissoz of Colombia, president of the club, was master of cere-
monies.
Many objects typical of the many countries represented were exhibited by members. Corneliiis Lanczos, professor of mathematics in the University, gave several piano selections. Students from South America, Turkey, Siam, China and Hamaii answered questions about their respective countries in a “radio quiz” program. Among other items on the program were a Chinese tap dance and an Hawaiian hula. The purpose of the club is to bring the foreign and American students of the University closer together and aid in better international understanding. Dooley, McCarter Parker, Other Grads Receive Promotions Channing R. Dooley, EE ’00, manager of industrial relations for the Socony-Vacuum Oil company, was reffently appointed director of training in industry by Sidney Heilman of the national defense council. Dooley is to develop training methods to provide skilled labor for defense indmtries, government arsenals and navy yards. C. Parker, EE ’34, who is in charge of bus maintenance for the Indianapolis Street Railways, is the author of a recent article in the technical journal, Mass/Transporta-
tion.
W. J. McCarter, BE ’21, has been recently elected vice-president in charge of operation for the Cleveland Railway company. He was previously superintendent of industrial relations for the same company. Dr. J. E. Hopson, EE ’82, is '^he author of a recent technical article on symmetrical components in the official organ of the Eta Kappa Nu honorary electrical fraternity. He is connected with Westinghouse Electric Manufacturing company. F. E,i Harrell, EE’24, was recently elected national vice-president of Eta Kappa Nu.
'Southern Music' A La Herbie Holmes,
Herbie Holmes and his “Music Served-Southem-Style” will continue the “name-band” week-end when they play in the Union ballrooms for the regular mixer to-
HERBIE HOLMES night. Featured with the orchestra as vocalists are Nancy Hutson, the ^ Cromwell sisters and Gene Babbitt. Holmes began his career as an entertainer a few years ago after winning the Eddie Cantor-United Pictures singing contest. K.D. Wood, Jim Cahill Offer Aeromodelers Trophies And Awards Announcements of awards and trophies to be contested for by members featured a well-attended meeting of the Aeromodelers in the Union last night. K. D. Wood, professor of aeronautics, has offered an award of $60 for the longest flight of a gas-powered model capable of passing through a three by seven foot door carrying a ten pound payload, part of which may be radio--eontrol equipment. The flight must be made before next June 16. Jim Cahill, ME ’40, nationally Imown model builder and club alumnus, has offered a trophy to be awarded to the club member winning a contest for indoor endurance models to be held in the Fieldhouse in the near future. Workroom A workroom in the basement of the Union will soon be provided where members can work on models. Considerable work in the radio control of models is being done, and a large experimental plane is being constructed by the club for further research in this field. All students interested in model airplane building are invited/to attend the next meeting of the plub, which will be held next Friday, September 27, at 7:30 p. m. in room 864 of the Union.
Ben Petty
... professor of dvil engineering, has called a meeting for September 28 of the committee of highway offidals and contractors who constitute the program forming group for the annual road school to be held at the University January 20 to 24.
TO MEMBERS OF FACULTY Stellar Hall
The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held at 4 p. m., Monday, September 23, in Eliza Fowler Hall. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT,
President
. . . elected the following officers for the year: E. L. Johnson, president; J. O. Barnett, vice-president; R. E. Evans, secretary-treasurer; and M. G. Gossard, intramural sports manager.
REGISTRATION WORKERS Students who worked fur the Registrar during the first semester registration and turned in their time promptly, may get their checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. RALPH B. STONE Registrar
The 1940 edition of the Boilermaker football team will blow the lid oif of the ourrent season as they play the first of their pre-Big Ten games today, in the cleat scarred expanse of RossAde Stadium. Opposing the object of Mai Elward’s hope and. faith are the sturdy yearlings from Elmer Burnham’s squad of Rhinie gridders. The intra-squad tussel, an annual affair, is slated to begin at 2:00 this afternoon, following the pre-game
festivities.
Frosh Will Parade An aU-freshman parade will form in the village and march up Northwestern avenue and into the stadium. Once there, a group o£ cheer leaders will organize their cohorts into a yelling, bellowing bunch at frosh supporters. The parade is being sponsored by the Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary. As in former years, the proceeds of the rame will be used by the Gimlet Club to finance the cost of broadcasting all out of town football and basketball games. The varsity squad, except for three minor injuries, is intact and in the best of shape. The tacMe position has been the victim of all^e
Senior Women Pick Corduroy Calottes As Official Insignia At a meeting of senior women yesterday it was decided to substitute gold corduroy calottes with black feathers for the senior jackets. The jackets could not be secured until Novepaber because of the shortage of corduroy. The calottes will be delivered next week so that the seniors will have them in time for the first football game. It was also decided that senior women who care to will wear white blouses and dark skirts to the game. The hats are one dollar. Gold Peppers will wear their regular caps and wiU 'have their orders cancelled automatically. Those who were not at the meeting are to be governed by the decision of the seniors at the meeting. Student Voter Registration University students who'are qualified to vote in the November 5 election may registerin West Lafayette starting tomorrow, it was / announced recently. A deputy registration clerk will be stationed at the West Lafayette fire department Registration of qualified students will be made from 9 a. m. until 5
p. m.
NOTICE Freshmen i^onld convene in frcmt of Dene’s at 1 o’clock this aftemoms for the parade to the Freshman'Varsity football game. Skull and Crescent actives wiD be there te start the formation and direct its progress.
injuries with Pete Timperman, A1 Neff, and Bill Powers all shdved for at least a week more. N^s ailment lies in his knee, as does Tim:perman’s, and Powers, a promising sophomore, is out with an ankle injury. Left to fill in the tackle dot are the Rossi brothers, Warren and O’Bryan. At end, things are looking a bit brighter. Elward has found a capable reserve for Rankin and Coombs in the person of 'Tycocki, a sprinter who this yeat has been moved from the backfield into the flanking position. Frosty Sprowl, of (Continued on page 3)
0/sen And Band Introduce Many New Hit Sorigs At Variety SImw
By Ervin McCullough We’re still chuckling. If that is a sample of the variety shows that are going to be given this year, we’re for more of them. And how! The show George Olsen and his crew put on last night in the ballrooms really packed ’em in and laid ’em low! Start Out Rationally Things started out in an entirely rational manner with the playing of some of today’s popular tunes. Then the variety began. George asked the I audience for three notes. Then after they had determined what was being shouted at them, the members of the band improvised an original melody us(ng only the three notes which seemed to be most popular. According to Jack Gifford, piqho player of the band “F sharp” has to be used almost every tune this stunt is used. ^ After quieting down the bedlam raised by showing pictures of Willkie and Roosevelt, singer Bob Bice presented a song new to this campus, entitled “Don’t Get llie All Hot and Bothered Now.” This is a very, verjr funny novelty song which embodies a bit of history in its choruses, in the persons of Sir “Laly” Gallahad, N. Bonaparte and the pharoah’s daughter. Rice’s dead-pan expression, bodily movemen^ qnd vocal gymnastics realty mam that
song a hit of the show. The most complicated part of the *' program was the clever mterpretation of “Mr. and Mrs. America”. After Judy Wright (an Elwood product by the way) had sung the chorus, four animated puppets “strutted their stuff”. The puppets had the facm of four men of the band; the white, graceful, and nailpoliced hands of the beauteous female singers; feet manipulated by the men’s hands, and wore Civil War uniforms. When they had peated the chorus of the songs, they went into an intricate, dizzying tap dance, and finished up with a flourishing, floppy, flip of the hand which suggested a salute. “The Four Bachelors” (three are and one isn't) gave their interpretation western “melerdramer”,, calling it “The Three R’s of Motion Picture Making”. The three r’S he^ ing, “rope, ride, and rescue”. Ti^ too, is an original numher emnposed by guess who—’The JPmt Ba^hdors”. They abo sanff Rm “Quartet from lUgiolettQ^, and one or two other nov^ea ? Sweet Btnff Too As a <doeer for thh show;; Coger Jean Blair presented ”H Bacdo** in its otiidnai and naadidteratidiBcnil Then she was joined by five other singers in presenthig “Ciribiribin” in both straight and swing rhythms.'m' r ^ i"
hi hi,'
ll»l
M, h'
. I'K i l^"! M H -
p' %
K ipi >
PURDOE EXPONENT
Saturday, September 21, 1940
5^ Colimm
With the passage of the conscription bill we offer a revision of the old adage of “Free, White, and 21.” Under the new setup you have to wait a little longer. Now it’s “Freci White, and 35.” ♦ IN * We heard a new angle on the South American question at the student aliance meeting last night. According to a resident from that neck of the woods, they are now ready to cooperate with the United States. For the first time. * * * Never before have we noticed such philanthropy. They have no fears for themselves, biit they feel that it is their duty to band together to defend the Americas. With our help. * * ♦ In the headlines we found: WILLKIE CALLS FOR ‘BOOM’ IN AVIATION To get the real formula for putting that BOOM in the business there is only one man to see. That’s Hitler. ^ * Also we xmderstand that the Nazis are enraged by British bombings. Which just goes to show the difference in temperament. Or else the English think this is all a big joke and haven’t caught on to it yet.—dhk.
^ t The Piurdue Exponent
BnteMd as second olasa matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the,act of Cooerress of Much S, 1879, and at the special rate of imstaKe provided for in section 1108, act of October 8,1917, authoriied January 20, 1922. Fnbluhed daily except Monday daring the reirular academic year dnd weekly daring the Summer Session. Deliver^ locally Inr carrier for |8.00 vex year, mall aal5scription $8.60.
Bdito)r-iii-Chlef Bnalnem Blanager_
K. Donahne — Bkerle Ragwacyer
Publication Staff News Editor. J. H. McKee Managing Editor D. K, Heiple Asscciatf Blditorai W. E. Heaton, N. A. Chihiltree, J. A. Pureeli, L. W. Rnflner, R. M. SkaUeMp, J. L. Traogott. BusineM Staff Local Advertising Managera: D. S. Fowera, 6. C. Landen; Promotion Manager, C. E. Dai^elmajer; Aceounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, IK. M. Rectenwald.
Editor Associate Editors: Sieas.
Co-ed Staff
Seth Simpeon
Mary Kay Miller, Rdth Rose, Senna
Sports Staff Editor J, p. poUn Associate Bditm: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones:
Editorial 4005; Businc Sports 2792
5038;
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., C(dlege Fablishen Reprasentatires, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Night Editor, Heaton Day Editor, Rose Assistant Night Editor, Brophy Saturday, September 21, 1940.
Sight Instructors Added ToCAA Staff Major Charles E. Cox, Jr., senior CAA operations manager of the third region, has assigned six more^ secondary instructor refresher pilots and two preliminary instructor refresher pilots to the University airport. Capt. Lawrence I. Aretz, port operations manager, announces the appointment of Owen C. Jones, local pilot and formerly of Flora, to the staff of flying instructors at the local port. Instructors Jack D. Harrington, Harold F. Carroon and Joseph Halsmer, who received his rerafting as a secondary instructot recently at Wayne county airport, Detroit, Mich., will be in charge of secondary flight instructions. f Red Cross Volunteers Now Total Fifty-Three Yesterday the Refi Cro3s„ Volppteer Service, with headquarters in room 57 of the Union, had its biggest day. Several new workers attended and altogether there were 44 workers and nine supervisors. Over 3,000 dressings have been made, 594 completed yesterday. In the middle of every morning and afternoon the women stand and pledge allegiance to the American flag, which hangs at one end of the room beside the Red Cross flag. This shows the spirit in which these women are working. Mrs. R. B. Wiley, chairman of the committee, suggested that the pledge be printed since a great many people do not iremember it, “I pledge Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands; one Nation, indivisible, with Liberty and Justice for all.” Next Thursday a national supervisor and inspector will be here all day to inspect the work and give demonstration. The committee has been encouraged by t^ amount of work accomplished, the number of women willing to work and their enthusiasm. Beginning next month, the offices will be open on Tuesday evening. Co-eds are invited to assist.
Church Directory
UNIVERSITY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH North Street at Grant Sunday, Sept. 22 Minister and Director of Westminster Foundation: John W. Findley. Assistant; Robert S. Thomas. Sunday, Sept. 22. 9:30: Sunday Mpm^ng Discussion Group. Dean Dorothy C. Stratton will speak on "The Meaning of a University Education”. 10:46; Worship and Preaching Service at Central Presbyterian Church, 7th and Columbia, Lafayette. Dr. Graham will preach. 6:00: Sunday Evening Club. Supper will be served at 6:00. Program will begin at 7:00. Prof. Robert tiorn will speak. His topic will be “Shodaw World”. WEST LAFAYETTE BAPTIST CHURCH Sunday, Sept. 22 9 ;30 A. M.: Roger Williams Club Class. Mr. R. J. Raudebaugh, of the Chemical Engineering Department, will teach. 10:35 A. M.: Sermon “Fifth Columnist”, by the pastor, Joseph Baird Gleason. George Osborn, the organist, will play "Jesus, Joy of Man’s Desiring”, by Bach and "Adagietto”, by Bizet. The choir will sing “Prepare Ye the Way of the Lord”, by Garrett, and our director, Ivan Gruver Price, will sing “Eye Hath Not Seen”, by Gaul.
Philatelists Schedule Fourth Annual Exhibit Fourth annual exhibit of the Lafayette Philatelic Society will be held today and tomorrow in the reception rooms of the Union. Prominent on the two-day program is the general stamp exhibit contest, the Stamp Club of the Air broadcast over WBAA this afternoon at 2 o’clock from the exhibit rooms, and the auction to be held at 6 o’clock tomorrow evening. Other features of the exhibit wiU be the swapper’s table and the novel stamp grab bag. The exhibition will be climaxed tomorrow afternoon at the banquet to be held in the Union at 12:30 o’clock.
6:30 P. M.: Fellowship flour, directed by Marjorie Patrick. 6:00 P. M.: Ten cent limch. 6:30 P, M.: Discussion. Group. Prof. L. Hadley, of the Math Department, will speak on the subject “Religion on the Campus”. ST JOHN’S EPISCOPAL CHURCH Sixth and Perry Streets Sunday, Sept. 22 8:00; Holy Communion. 10:45: Morning Prayer and Service. 6:00; Dr. L, M. Sears will be the guest speaker at a buffet supper welcoming freshmen at the Parish House.
JUNIOR BALLROOM CLASS For 7th, 8th Grade and High School Students Opens To-night 7:00 p. m TEN LESSONS $6.00 BALLET AND TAP CLASSES OPEN TODAY Classes Divided According to Age Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
6TH & FERRY
“REST ASSURED'
at
HOTEL FOWLER
200 Rooms
Fireproof
Newly decorated Blueblozer Airconditione4
Fourth ood Ferry;
Lofoyette
Starts TOMORROW “BRIMSTONE'S" BAD MAN RIDES AGAIN
^lOPj
Classified Ads FOR SALE Tniewritws Mid addina MaeUtiM. new and used, for oale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typowritew, $89.76 to $69.60. Officb aoppUei. Mtmioamh aiffi ipnltl^ph erotk. C. F. XSwabbRi, 6QS Main SL Phone 2779. -da For Sale: '83 Chevrolet Deloxe Coupe, $160. Geio^ Condition. — 220 So. Str^t, We4t Lafayette, Alpt. 4.
Rnss-Bent-A-Car Servle% Cars for all oeeasions. Min. $2.60 aU nlicht. Phone, 2407. For Rent: Two-car Garacre. Reasonable. 226 S. Grant Street. Phone 2847.
Lost: Brown Parker Fountain Pen by the Armory. Reward, 76911. Robert Nelson. Lost: Pair of glasses, rimless in black ease near Chemistry ballding. Reward. 824 Cary Hall, W. Brent Finch. Wanted: Student to fire furnace in exchange for room. Miller, 140 So. Salisbury.
Frat Softball teams Battle For Top Place Competition is running high in the frat softball loop. Each chapter has played two games and have four more in Which to compete. After October 7, which is tfle date of the final gaime, the eight top teims will play a single elimination tournament.
PIA Members: Any Junior or senior independent Otudent interested in the position of men’s activities chairman on the PIA board must turn in his petition to tqe PIA office by 4 p. m., Monday, September 28. A sincere interest with ideas is more important than experience. —MUSSBR.
WBAA
All Stndenti^: First meeting of the Purdue Outing Club will be held in room 828 of the Union Monday, September 28. at 7 p. m. All students welcome. —BLAGRAVB.
11:00 ll:i6 11;30 12:00 12:16 12:30 12:46 1:00 1:30 1:46 2:00 2:15 2:30 3:00
Saturday Just Kids Caroljm Wood, soprano Musical Round-Up Idarket |toport^ Woman Sho^iper Meet the Band Tun Times, Charies Powell Radio Stage Mildred Johnson Monitor Vie’^S the News Stamp Cluh Melly Harding Melody Maids Campus Show
Notices
Na netlcM reeled after 6 p. m. Christian FenMetion Baseball Players: Game with W^ey Foundation at 2 p. m. Saturday afternoon September 21 in Intramural field.4Cheering section wanted. —HUDSON.
Pnrdne Wheelmen: First ride of the season Sunday, Septeinber 22, at 8 p. m. Meet in front of the Adibinistration building. Bring 86 cents for picnic Ibneh. AU bicyclists are welcome. —VANDERBILT.
W. A. A.: Cabin^Leaders’ Course is to be given September 28 through 26 at the Women's gym each night at 7:30 p, m. nnder the direction of Miss Fraser. AU girls are urged to come out. This course is combined with fhe camp craft course that was given last year. —CASE.
Freshman Engineers: Seating assignments for Engineering lectures are posted in the main hallway in Michael ^Iden shops. You should be in your assigned seat this Saturday, September 21 to be given credit for attendance. —KNAPP.
Hillel Foundation: All Jewish students are invited to a picnic at Murdock park, Sunday. September 22, at 4:15. There will be a small charge of 20 cents per person to defray costs. —GLUCKS.
Roger Williams Club: AU students attending the Vawter picnic should meet at the West Lafayette Baptist church at 1 p. m. Saturday afternoon. —THOMPSON.
Undergraduate Dames: First meeting Tuesday, September 24, at 7:80 p. m. in room 803 of the Union. —GBRSTUNG.
AU Freshmen: Freshmen interested in working on the Scrlvdner staff shonld report to the Scrivener office in the Union Saturday, September 21, at 2:80 P. m. —ALBKANDEB. AU Sophomores: Interested in working on the Furdhe Travel Bureau call Humphrey at 2673. —HUMPHREY. PIA Members: All freshmen and sophomore independent students who are interested in working for the Purdue Independent Assn. Report to the PIA office at 4:00 p. m., Mobday, Sept. 23. A wide variety of opportunities are available. —MUSSBR. Scriveners: Important organization meeting Saturday, September 21, at 1 p. m. in the_ office. All members attend. Several positions on the staff still unapplied for Existing appointments subject to change without further notice. —^ALEXANDER Ward Managers: Meeting Monday, September 23, at 4 p. m. in room 104 of the Fieldhouse. / —GEIGER. AU Men Students: All men interested in refereeing intramural touchball report to room 104 of the Fieldhouse at 4 p. m., Monday, September 23. —GEIGER. Wesley Foundation Softball Players: Game with Christian Foundation at 2 p. m. Saturday, September 21, on the intramural field. Players ne^ed! —SEARCY. WSGA Counselors: Important meeting Monday, September 24, in room 868 of the Union at 4 o’clock. ■—BLACK.
Camera Club: AU members who have material in Ipck^rs in the darkrooms should leave their name and position of the locker that they are using on the form in the darkroom hook at the West desk. This should be done before Saturday, September 2l8t or the locks wUl be cut and the contents removed, —GBPHART. Exponent Co-ed Sophomores: Work schedule is posted in office. Please report on days assigned. —SIMPSON. , FraternHy Freshmen; AU fraternity freshmen wanting to tryout for Intramui> al Manager please report to the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse. —CLBVETT. CB 6 Condition Bhcam: Examination for removal of condition In Surveying, CE 6 wUl be held in CE 101, Saturday, September 21, at 1 p. m. Get permit sUps in CE 102. —TODD.
If'f {s/ ■; *■ V ^
Saiiudtqr. ^ibttiMr 21, io^O
##i#{ri& &x#dN£Nt
• #
Bqrr-Pat tonupany dpan^ New Bran(;h In West Lafayette A new shop to serve University students has been opened at 113 Northwestern av^nu^. It is th6 store of Burr, Patterson and Aijld company, “the oldest manufacturer^ of fraternity jeieelry in America." It will now be possible for students to secure rings, pins, gifts, Stationery and programs with the Uttiversity seal, Cary Hall crest Uud fraternity and sorority insignia trithout delay. Souvenirs of the opeping will be special wall hangers illustrating the pledge insignia of every national fraternity and sorority ih full color. A particular feature of th^ store will be the new University ring. In the middle west, this company now operates branch stores at 11-^ Imois, Michigan and Ohio State universities. Before locating this new store, an extensive survey of remainmg Big Ten schools was made. This survey showed that the students of the Umversity were more fashion-wise and cosmopolitan than the students in most of the colleges of the country. As a result, West Lafayette was decided upon as the location f<nr this newest branch store.—Pd. Adv.
Varsity, Rhinies (Continued from page 1) basketball fame. King, and Schimer are also counted on to relieve the all-important spot. The guards are wagmg a real battle over the first team berth, and four men have stood out in the fracas. Miller and Wincliell Seem to have the edge at the present time because of their valuable experience gained through regular playing Iasi year. However, Tom Melton, a junior, and Hillenbrand, a sup^homore.
are not to bd cot|Uj[;{S^ dli6 ibis eUirly in the year. "leid Axidh sdems to have the jump on the feit the centers with Van Ayheh I^Ugo following clo'se behind him. Coach Praises Spirit Elward did/not held back any praise of the mental state of the team. “They have a fine competitive spirit and are really going at it right up to the hilt. Furthermore, they appear to be enjoying themselves, and that is important, for I know that that same outlook will prevail when the going gets tough later in the fall." Over on Stewart Field, the Frosh ran through the last of their preparatory drills yesterday and seem to be facing today’s game with an attitude as fierce as that which the varsity will show in their first Conference game. The Bhinies have spent the week using plays that are representative of the type that will be used by a good percentage of the Riveter's opponents. Thus the game, in addition to providing the Boilermaker fans with an early glimpse of their team, will also give the varsity some much needed practice in defense against enemy formations. The Frosh will be using an unbalanced line with a single wingback employed in the backfield. Several exceptional passers have turned up in practice and will probably give the varsity secondary a busy afternoon.
Varsity
LINE-UP Position
Freshmen
Rankin (22) LE Devine (32) A1 Rossi (77) LT Schramski (69) Miller (60) LG Mordoh (64) Axton (68) C , Johnson (46) Winchell (34) RG De Maria (33) 1. Rossi (17) RT French (38) Combs (69) RE Eggleston (36) Kersey (67) QB Hajzyk (41) Galvin (89) LH ^ Smock (60) Byelene (99) , RH Meakim (63) Petty (78) FB Bachman (26) OFFICIALS — Mike Layden, Notre Dame, umpire; George Yarnelle, Huntington, field judge; Homer Alien, Purdue, head linesman; Gunner Elliott, Port Wayne, referee. GAME TIME; 2:00 P. M.
fee l^inu-te cJLu,m}L
7^
1 \ For a Meal with ' ATMOSPHERE 3u, SLp just the place for that between class snack Good Food our Specialty! JhsL fiwviusL WsimiftkdL ^lAniofc The Comer the Yet the Center of Activitie$
Bulldogs Iq Tune-Up Game Today; Baffle Riveters Next Week Colorful cereihonies — painful, howev6r, to many fraternity seniors —^will precede next Saturday’s grid season opener against Butler. 'The first of eight scheduled games, the Bulldogs are expected to provide Elward’s eleven with all the scrap that can be handled. However, the Riveters will stfive to give the seniors an opportunity early in the game to heave their derbies. Bhtler Plays Today Tony Hinkle’s Butler squad will meet St. Joseph’s college today in its tuneup game before the Boilermaker contest. Last season the Bulldogs repeated their championship honors in the Indiana Conference. For the past decade they have rested at the top of their loop, and many years have been of a calibre challengiug the strength of the Big Three—^Indiana, Notre Dame, and Purdue. Losing Tom Harding, brilliant Negro back who played on Bulldog teams foir three years, was the greatest single loss felt by last spring’s graduation. However, returning lettermen and sophomores have given the Butler coach another dangerous combination for the approaching campaign.
Muncie Tikes Lead In PliY'^ SeriSs Lafayette — (Special) ^ Pitcher Dick Bass limited the Lafayette Red Sox to seven hits Thursday night, as hm MUncie Citizens’ teammates batted out a 7 to 3 victory in the third game of the Indiana-Ohio league championship playoff. Bob Bailey, former Riveter hurler, started in the box for the Red Sox, but was forced to evacuate in the sixth frame in favor of a relief hurler. Felix Mackiewicz, slugger of last spring’s Boilermaker team, connected for a boommg triple for the losing Red Sox nine. The Muncie Cits now take the lead in the series, havmg won two, while losing one. With two ex-Boil-ermaker athletes on their roster, the Red Sox will go to Muncie tomorrow for the fourth contest of the seven game series.
Sthedules PBACtICE GAMES Monday, September l!3 Softil>all Diamond 1 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Sigma Nn 2 Phi Delta Theta vs Iiambda Chi Alpha. 3. Delta ITpsilon vs Sigma Alpha Hu 4 Beta Theta Fi vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 5 Phi Kappa vs Alpha Tau Omega. 6 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Alpha Chi Eho 7 Theta Tau vs Kappa Delta Rho 8 Tau Epsilon Phi vs Phi Kappa Sigma. 9 Theta Chi ys. Sigma Pi. 10 Delta Chi vs Fi Kappa Phi 11. Pi Kwpa Alpha vs Kappa Sigma. 12. Phi Sigma Kappa vs Alpha Gamma 13 Sigmh Phi Epsilon vs Theta SS 14 Phi Gamma Delta vs Phi B^appa Tau 15. Beta Sigma Psi vs Phi Kappa Psi 16 Acacia vs Alpha Sigma Phi
Cross-cduntry SdiiaN To Hills In Preparation For Hravy Fall Schedule With formal practice sloted to start Monday, ISoilennaker cross-country candidates tumed^xnoire steam intd tl^eir wbfiir outs in and around the stadium yesterday afternoon. Iffld Holderman directed the workout, which began in the stadltmi warmups and sprints. Shortly thereafter, the troup coul^ be seen wending its way Up and down the slopes to the West mid nprth of the football plant.
Scaling Hills Different It was explained that running on hills requires a slightly different technique than that used when racing on a horizontal track. The runner must lean forward more aiid chop his strides. This miniature mountain-climbing expedition was arranged to prepare the team for the rigors of tbe Purdue course which features several hills. With the opener with Indiana set for October 4, the marathoners have two wpeks in which to get in the hard work necessary to equip themselves for the Hoosier clash. Trackmen Begin Training At the stadium Homer Allen, assistant track coach, was busy instructing nearly 40 cmder candidates. He stated that eqmpment was being issued to frosh and varsity track candidates and that conditioning would contmue for another week after which the decathlon contests would top the program. This group is the vanguard of a 1941 track team which promises to be among the finest ever produced
Purdue Christian 6toup ' ToPiayWesieyFoniidaliM Purdue Christian Foundation will meet the Wesley Foundation for ^ baseball game on Intramural Field this afternoon at 2 o’clock. Students who live close to the field and on the south side of the campus will meet at 126 Cthuncey street. Ehreryone is urged to attend. Purdue Travel Bureau ... was approved as a campus activity yesterday afternoon at the i^eeting of the Extra-curricular Activities Boream here. In addition to such standout returning performers as Rankin, Tycocki, Wehei^, Holderman, and others, the squad will be materially strengthened by the addition of several fine-looking sophomores. They were members of last year’s fi:eshman thinly squad whii^ was undefeated in dual competition.
YOU WALK EVERY DAY
SO CHANGE YOUR HABITS AND TREAT YOUR NEXT DATE TO A RIDE IN A CAB
5023
PHONES
3071
YELLOW CAB CO ^^The Thinking Fellow Calls a Yellow**
NEIVAT PURDUE! DON and RUTH MARY VOELKER Present Your New “BUR-PAT” GIFT STUDIO Opening Today at 113 Northwestern Ave. CALL FOR YOUR FREE OPENING DAY SOUVENIR" SPECIAL GIFTS TO FIRST 125 CO-EDS I \ FRATERNITY BADGES and PLEDGE PINS Gifts ~ Rings - Jewelry - Programs - With Purdue University or Cary Hall Seals, or Fraternity and Sorority Crests u { t. BURR, PATTERSON and AULD Ca AMERICAS OEPEST FRATERNITY JEWELERS 113 Northwes^tern Ave. Telephone 2523 Don and Ruthmary Voelker, Co-Managers‘^t-j»'t'*^* r'i"■‘’' i',' ■ ' ■'>. ‘ ''' i ’’ '• ' •' '" .. ' '.■'- . ■•'■■■ . 'i' ' ''•' ' ^ '“i
fc.'-
rr
life--/
|i?,,
'iii0 ' '0/ijb.,., JCt >^o > J«l»V-r
fc£
PURD0E EXPONENT
SaturdcoTt September 2L 1940
Select 252 For Enlarged Choir
i,' t’‘j ...
J79Coeds,mEd5 Win Positions After Two-Day Tryouts As a result of tryouts conducted last Friday and Saturday, September 13 and 14, 252 students have been selected as members of this year’s University Choir, according to an announcement by Albert P. Stewart, music director of the University. The successful' candidates have already held their first practice of the season Thursday after-
noon.
The choir this year will consist of 129 women and 123 men. The increased rehearsal space available in the new Hall of Music makes possible an increase of about fifty in the membership of the choir for this year. The choir will praQ,tice on both Tuesday and Thursday afternoons at 4 p. m. this season, and this increase in rehearsal time will permit the choir to increase its repertoire to include other types of music besides the sacred music previously
sung.
The University Choir will sing at all campus religious convocations as usual. Its first appearance will be Simday, October 19, at the convocation featuring Dean Robert R. Wicks of the Princeton University Chapel. Soprano Gloria Pox, Mary Jean Bernard,
Newman Club To Receive Holy Communion Sund:^ Newman club members will receive Holy Communion in %lwdy at St. Mary’s church tomorrow. A breakfast will follow. Breakfast speakers will be Dean C. B, Jordan, head of the Pharmacy school; William Bodden, auditor of student organizations; and William Fletemeyel:, assistant auditor of student organizations. Club officers for the current year are Bud Luers, president; and Dorothy Goodman, secretary. Coed vice-presidents are Monica Buegler, Emmalene Farrell and Rosemary Goodman. Ed vice-presidents are Bob Brock, Dick Jansing, Jim McMonahey, Dick Bad and\ Joe Benna. Picnic Opens Hillel Activity For Year As an opener for the year’s activities, the Hillel Foundation will give a picnic in Murdock park tomorrow afternoon at 4:15. The picnic will give Jewish freshmen a chance to meet each other and also become acquainted with the upperclassmen. They are i>articularly invited to attend. Twenty cents will be charged of each person attending to help pay for the supper. In case of rain the picnic will be held at Temple Isaiah in Lafayette. Indiana Farmen Attend Annual Crop Rel^ Day Research on soybeans, crop rotations, sorghums for silage, and com varieties attracted the attention of more than 600 Indiana farmers who attended the annual com and soybean field day meeting at the University Soils and Crops Experimental Farm east of here. Considerable attention was paid . to the methods of soybean planting and com-oats rotation with sweet dover. Purdue agronomists, who accompanied inspecting groups through the farm, reported that the per acre yield in the rotation areas was double that of other plots,^ Resulting from the' growing interest of the use of sorghum in silage, the University this year conducted a variety test of comparisons with 19 sorghums. The “stiff dough stage of the grain”, which feeders prefer in silage sorghum, was found in the Early Sumac, Leoti Bed« and Wiconia Orange varieties. Phi Kappa Sigma ^ ... social fraternity, was host at dinner to George Olsen previous to the Union mixer last night. Olsen lysw a member of the fraternity during his undergraduate days at the University of Michigan.
Jane Home, Ruth Schlott, Carol Bals, Martha Ann Buck, Marjorie Williamson, Amy Meyers, Loretta Heilmann, Ruth Gausman, Alleen Atkins, Margaret Young, Lucille Osbom, Betty Ray, Patty Wolcott, Elizabeth Hartman, Helen Essington, Elizabeth Traehsel, Mary Lou Boyd, Anita Worsley, Janeth Dixon, Mildred- Million, Mary Jean Sanford, Betty Learning, Louise Stiers. Dorothy Williamson, Ann Julian, Alberta Schmadel, Martha McHaffie, Gladys Enauff, Dorothea Larsen, Jeaime Horton, Lucille Chaminade, Evelyn Rimer, Virginia Barson,/Florence Fosbrink, Trena Torrenga, Janet Kendall, Prances L. Jones, Shirley Johnson, Ammy Pfeiffer, Doris Mae Freedman, Martha Owens, Mary Larsen, Jean Thompson, Elizabeth McKee, Kathryn Leist, Marian Johnson, Eleanor Wiesman, Shirley Whiteman. Beth Partenheimer, Anna Mertz, Geraldine Gamer, Maribeth Sharp, Jane Fairbanks, Winifred Thompson, Ruth Custer, Jeannette Schermerhora, Mary Ruth Vaught, Helen Billeter, Virginia Gallman, Mary McGaughey, Virginia Royce, Helen Rees, Gwen Hostettes, Mariaima Mangus, Frances Vaughan, Barbara Heide, Juanita Thompson, Frances Robinson, Mary Fox, Janet Place, Betty Wedge, Bonnie Hixon, Shirley Johnson.
Alto ■' Mollie Harding, Dorothy Arvidson, Laura Betty Gregory, Shirley Johnson, Carolyn Wood, Marjorie Brown, Jean Montgomery, Mabel Vaughan, Bonnie Swope, Gladys V. Cox, Ruth Schlitter, Doris Muth, Joan LeBoeuf, Ruth McDoniels, Virginia McCarty, Hetty Morer house, Eva Williamson, Phyllis Scholl, Rosalind Goff, Susan Webb, Patricia Chumlea, Lois Caldwell, Shirley Asklund, Virginia Sheldon, Eugenia Basham. Rhoa Reese, Rosemary Boyd; Marieta Parshall (Mrs.), Stella Popovich, Gayle Bradshaw, Mary Crane, Marilynn Lepley, Margaret Jane Pennington, Mary Virginia Bailey, Evelyn Shell, Margie King, Carolyn Klewin, Beth McCloud, Mildred Owens, Mary Margaret Fonts, Dorothy Eberhardt, Mary Ruth Barnhart, Luci!j,e Fudge, Alice Coe, Marge Patrick, Anne Bradley, Ruth Ross, Jeanne Miller, Patricia Pettibone, Mary Avis Dahl. Marjorie Pabst, Marilyn Fifield; Mary Jane Anderson, Mary Alice Campbell. Tenor Sigurd Peterson, Arthur D. Watt, Jack Hopkins, Freddy Schlott, Jake Baldwin, Glenn Wetzell, Bart Wood, Don Grader, William Heath, Ray Friend, Paul Stucky, Ben Roodhouse, Wendell Linn, Ellis Verink,
William Rothenberger, Orlen E. Baker, Wilmer Br^^rget, Frank Hopf, Louis Curdes, Marvin Smith, Geo. Kmder, R. W. Lowe, Robert Allen, Geo. Black, Paul Hamington. Fred E. Wolf, O. Warren Lake, Lawrence Hess, James Bonick, J. Henry Amt, Chester Riegle, Jack E. Lowe, John L. Marks, Ralph Payne, J. Louis Wolford, Bob Reveal, Bob Mefford, Howard C. Hites, James H. Marshall, J. L. Cullen, J. W. Peters, John W. Shoop, John W. Carter, Quentin Mueller/ Richard Crane, John Mingle, Ivan Meyers, Chas. W. HoUowell. ' Bass Richard Buffington, Gene Kinelski, Willis D. Seely, Carl Hofer, Joseph C. Osborn, David Barta, Wm. Southard, Joseph Shepherd, Dale Moffet, Thomas S. Smith, James T. Marshall, Robert Binger, Chas. Powell, J. E. Nicholson, R. H. Wilson, Robert Henderson, Harwood Armstrong, David Hedden, William Purman, Charles E. Cole, Robert Weigel, William Harger, Charles Mosiman, Carl Geiger, Jim Chase. Gordon Jenkins, Clare Beeler, Ogden Pierce, J. Dean Garnett, Frank C. Robinson, Chester Vanada, Leslie Holsapple, Martin Mercer, David Betcone, J. M. Venable, Norman Merrick, Joseph Richards, Jean S. Peirson, i, L. Covert, Harold Scholl, Bob Fuessle, F. A Wright, James Taggart, Robert Molitor, John F. Amos, Damon Elder, W. H. McCloud, William Burroughs, Edwin F. Reddich, R. O. Alvord.
YES—YOU CAN VOTE!
F YOU will be of age on or before NOV. 5,1940 YOU WERE IN PURDUE LAST SPRING YOU ARE PROPERLY REGISTERED IN THIS COUNTY. Those Registered In Home County Can Re-Register Here and Cancel Original Registration at Home
WHERE TO REGISTER COUNTY CLERK—Room 222, Conrt House—Daily 8 to 4, Except Sat. 8 to 12 noon WILLKIE CLUB—^Fowler Hotel—^Daily Except Sunday 8:30 a. m. to 9:30 p. m.
Register NOW as October 7th Is the LAST DAY PURDUE WILLKIE CLUB Branch of Willkie Club of Tippecanoe County FOWLER HOTEL Phone 3880
^5
\ 1
orma
The formal season will soon be here. To start the season with glamour and appeal, let us introduce to you our latest showing of formal dresses and evening wraps.
To complete your attire we have a fine selection of evening Bags - Hosiery - Costume Jewelry - Lingerie - Shoes
Don Pyke, James N. Good, Angelo Castellani, Robert Bancroft, E. J. Sopcak, John E. I^en, Sam Williams, Francis Reese, Charles Hoskins, Bram McClelland, WiUiam Craft, Richard Mulvey, Richard
Spraker, George A. Emerson, Jhn Manson, Dale Ray, Carl Thompson, Herbert Chinworth, Frank W. Onco, Charles Wright, Frank McCaughey, Richard F. Thornton, Robert Wood, John Cbster, Wallace Woodrow.
Joe ''Dated Laundered Shirt" above is a year old, but thanks to Crown Laundry's extra-careful methods he's as spry and attractive now as the day he was bought. AH shirts laundered by us exclusively are GUARANTEED a full year's wear . . . positive proof of careful laundering.
CROWN LAUNDRY Phone 4073
SWEEPING THE COUNTRY
J/Jl
f^wood i^o^ue
SL
id
Designed in Hollywood, the new Rogue Shirt by *B.V.D. is populOT with men everywhere. The potented V neckline sprectds wide to ciccommodote your head. But when worn, the neckline remmns smartly closed without gapping. It's the shirt that combines complete comfort with smart tailored appearance. Long sleeves. See our new selection of Fall fabrics and colors. Sizes 1 (141/7) 2 (15) 3 (151/2-^6) 4 (161/H7). $1.95 others to $3.50 ^toabii. Tnsmiu Shop, • Reg. U. S. Pat. Off.
*1
-4> I
A 'iil
Id