fffS h'-i ’^i f i ^ ^ : \{, V - '^ ! ' , { ^ ' 1 ^ r ^ \ ' ^Sh'-
>+'i; *i'*7-7A''4> 1 ^'‘■^4'‘‘''' '*' -»'-
'*4/ ^ in ‘•'^
‘'•fl
X W '' W' ‘ ^ i* V f
^ * (,
•^, rf is <, <
t.r ' f
s’
i ^
ju s^/ 'T- t,
(JThe Pursue TEx^anent
Published t)ail3^ by Students of Purdue University
VOLtJMBl XLtlll
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, SATUEfeAY, OCTOBER 3, 1936
NUMBER Iff
< t*
Frosh Test Varsity Strength Today
Frosh To Stage Annual Snake Dante; Toss Pots ClasB Of *40 Will Parade Starting From Deac’s At 1 ;30; Band To Lead; Rhi;t^ies Have Own Yells University freshmen will take their first united stand of the year this afternoon in their annual Snake Dance preceding the Freshman-Varsity game. They will meet at Deac’s at 1:30 o'clock this afternoon, and will be led by the freshman members of the band through the campus to North Stuart Field
where the game will take place
Weaving in and out around the field and between the goal posts, they will terminate their “snaking” by throwing their green pots over the cross bar of one of the goal posts, subsequently recovering them< Really initiated into University life as freshmeu by this gesture, they will then proceed to the section assigned to them in the stands. Yell Leaders 'Pour freshman cheer leaders, dressed in freshman uniforms, will lead freshman cheers, according to a statement made la^t night by Walt Burnell, head cheer leader. Freshmen are requested to clip out the following paragraphs so that they will be able to cooperate to the full* est extent in the yells.
T-E-A-M—TEAM, FRESHMEN!
(Whistle-
-) — iBoom — Ahhh,
FRESHMEN!
(Repeat three times.)
Yea^ Freshmen—Fight, FIGHT, FIGHT!!! (Repeat three times.)
Bah, Rah, Rah, Rah, Fresh-men, Fresh-men. (Repeat three times like the “locomotive” and then ■) FIGHT FIGHT! FIGHT!!
Rush Closes Tomorrow Buffet Suppers Will Conclude Dinners Buffet suppers at the different sorority houses tomorrow evening will bring rush week to a close. The third of the rush dinners was held last night. Invitations to preference dinners must be called for by rushees at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the Memorial Union Building between 4 and |6 p. m. Wednesday, October 7., Rush chairmen are to call for the replies at 6:30 p. m. on the same day.
Senior Sittings Start Tuesday Individual sittings for senior Debris pictures will start Tuesday at 8 a. m. The sittings will continue from 8 a. m. until 12 noon and then from 1 until 5 o’clock. One picture will be taken each 15 minutes. DexheimerCarlon, of Indianapolis, is the photographer for the sittings. Fraternity group pictures will be taken Monday noon. Wes Dwight, Debris editor, announced that the sophomore e<litorial workers will hold an important staff'meeting at 4 o’clock Monday in the Debris office.
DO YOU WANT WORK? Any student who desires to have his name placed in the “odd-jobs” file, please call at the office )>f fbe dean of men, in the Engineering Administration Building, at once and fill out a -work card. F. I, GOLDSMITH, Ass’t Dean of Men. (An experienceij shoe clerk is needed today.)
$100 Offered For Moveable House Uesign W. B. Stout Will Award Cash Prizes For Best Specifications To undergraduate or graduate students who submit the best plans for a moveable house, one that can be transported by automobile, W. B. Stout, president of the Stout Engineering Laboratories, Dearborn, Michigan, will award $100. Designs will be judged in consideration of compactness, appearance, transportability, and manufacturing
possibilities. Requirements
llach contestant is required to ^bmit to Mr. Watson’s office in the Civil Engineering Building by Aifril 15, 1937, the following: detailed three'.view drawings with separate details of all features ^a list of materials required and weight estimates; and, a sales brief giving the reason for the design, the advantages to accrue, the method of distribution, and the class of market clientele. Prizes of $76 and $25 will be given to first and second place winners in the contest. Mr. Watson, director of the ' University Housing Research Projectfc^hairman; William B. Stout, donor ofi'the awards; and Dean Mary L. Matthews ahd Prof. H. M. Jacklin, both of the University, will serve
as judges. ^
State Turkey Growers Meet I Three-Day Poultry Conference Ends Here Improved business conditions, shortage of feed because of last summer’s drouth, and low cold storage supplies were the factors that M. C. Small, associate editor of the Turkey World, enumerated to more than 260 Indiana turkey growers, who were assembled at the University for the final session of the three day annual meeting of the btato Poultry Association, in predicting prospects for those connected with the turkey business. Although a recent survey shows a 12 per cent increase in numbers of turkeys. Small said, the total tons or pounds of turkeys cannot be expected to be similarly increased, because of short feed supplies caused by the drouth.
Greeks To Give Dramas At Union Sunday Suppers Fraternal and other organizations are out to show Playshop that it is not the only campus gyoup capable of putting on good dramatic productionp. Short plays of not more than thirty minutes duration given by these groups will appear soon during the coming Sunday supper programs in the Union cafeteria. Individual groups will be required to furnish their Own costumes,, although scenery will be furnished by the Union. The cast giving the best presentation, coupled with the most originality, will receive a prize at the close of the semester. .
Union Music Room Will Give Daily Request Programs Students Will Select Records Throughout Week Selections from the Union’s music room library of recordings will be presented daily, from 12 to 1 o’clock and from 4 to 6 in the afternoon, beginning Monday. The program will not be presented Saturday afternoons nor Sunday. The program will be made up o^ requests from students left in the Union office opposite the browsing room. *
Music Room Program
Monday, 12 to 1 1. Nights in the Gardens of Spain (DeFalla). 2. Andalusa (DeFalla) Piano. 3. Symphony No. 4 in D Major (Hadyn). 4. Midsummer Night’s Dream—^herz. 5. Water Music (Handel). 6. Valse de Concert (Glazounow). Mmiday Evening, 4 to S 1. L’Apprentl Sorcier (Dukas). 2. Hansel and Gretel—Overture (Humperdinck). 3. Hungarian Dance No. 1 (Brahms-Sto-kowski). 4 On Hearing the First Cuckoo in Spring (Delius). 6. Flow Gently Sweet Afton (Bums-Spil-man). 6. John Peel (Border Song). 7. Prom the Land of the Sky-Blue Water (Eberhart-Cadman). 8. Little Grey Home in the West (WilmotLohr). 9. Ay-Ay-Ay (Osman Perez-Freire), 10. Cancion Andaluza (Palacios). 11. Carry Me Back to Old Virginny (Bland). 12. My Old Kentucky Home (Foster).
Negro Chorus Sings Tuesday
Fisk Jubilee Group To Harmonize At Convo With the fact that their predecessors sang a building into existence serving as an inspiration, the contemporary Fisk Jubilee Singers, a colored vocal group from Fisk University, Nashville, Tennessee, are now coming to the University to entertain at the initial concert convocation on Tuesday evening at 8 o’clock in the Memorial GjunnaSium. Acclaimed by the press wherever they appear, these singers, seven in number, were praised thus by the New York Evening Sun: “The singers gave a beautiful performance. They showed great skill in emotional expression; their rhythm, diction, and sense of pitch were remarkable and the musical quality and harmonius blending of their voices was
99
PIA Sponsors “The Joiners Radio StageTo Present
Initial Play Today
The Radio Stage will present its first play, “The Joiners,”>under the sponsorship of the Purdue Independent Association over station WBAA at 1 o’clock this afternoon. The play, a satire of sixlclub-join-ing men dissatisfied with the organizations now in existence and interested only in forming an association of their own, will be the first of a series of weekly plays presented at
1 o’clock every Saturday^
The cast, which was selected last night by the director, Gilbert Dunbar Williams, includes: J. E. Orr, L. Bown, C. Lutz, S. Novak, C. L. Buch-*
anan, and W. Russe.
excellent.” And on a tour of Europe, they dropped in on Berlin, and received the following notice from the Berlin Yoosische Zeitung: “The sensation of the last few months has certainly been the appearance of the Fisk Jubilee Singers at Beethovensaal. It seemed that all Berlin was there anxious to hear these dusky singers from Nashville, Tennessee.” The Jubilee Singers first began touring America in 1885. Later, encouraged by the enthusiastic reception given them by American audiences, they embarked on a European tour, after which they were $150,000 to the good. With this money Fisk University’s Jubilee Hall was built.
« Dance Dates »
Oct. 16—^Newman Club Dance. Oct. 23—Gold Diggers. Oct. 30—Miami Triad Pledge Dance Nov. 6—Military Ball. Nov. 13—^P. I. A. Fall Dance. Nov. 20—^Blanket Hop, Nov.*27—Union Cabaret Formal. Dec. 4—^W. A. A. Costume Ball. Dec. 11—Riveter’s Rassle. Dec. 18—-P. I. A. Christmas Dance. Jan. 8—Newman Club Formal. Jan. 15—^Pi Beta Phi Formal. Feb. 5—Miami Triad. Feb. 12—Men’s Pan-Hellenic. Feb. 19—Scabbard and Blade. Feb. 26i—^Women’s Pan-Hellenic. Mar. 6—Agriculture Dance. Mar. 12—Gold Peppers. Mar. 19—Sophomore Cotillion. Apr. 9—Style Show Dqnce. Apr. 16—Junior Prom. Apr. 23—P. I. A. Spring Dance. Apr. 30—Chi Omega Spring Formal May 14—Gingham Gallop. May 21—Cary Hall Formal.
Tentative Homecoming Schedule
In order that its readers may have sufficient time in which to make plans, the Exponent is publishing today the tentative schedule of the annual homecom^ing program. Although changes may yet be made, the final schedule is fairly certain to be much the same as that printed below. Friday, Oct. 9th Afternoon—Registration — Cam-
pus Visits.
6:15 p. m.—Annual alumni banquet, honoring i911 varsjty football
team.*
Celebrating 5th birthday of the Purdue Concert Choir.—^Union. > 8:46 p. m.—^Big Bonfire and Pep
Session.
9:16 p. m.—^Homecoming Dance —^Union BuildingMidnight—Preliminaries, Alumni Track Meet—East Side. Saturday, Oct. 10th Morning —> Registration •<— Gettogether. Inspection New Buildings, Reviewing and Judging o:i? Fraternity and Sorority House Decorations. 1Q:30 a. m,—'Frosh Game—‘^Purdue’s Future Greats” in action. 12:10 p. m.—“P” Men’s Luncheon —Union Building. 1911 CJlass Luncheon — Union Concert Choir Luncheon. Fraternity and Sorority Lunch-
eons.
2:00 p. m.—Homecoming Purdue vs, Wisconsin.
Class Reunions after the game on
the gridiron.
6:00 p. m.—Smoker and Dance—
Union Building.
6:00 p. m.—Dinners and Banquets at the Fraternities, Sororities and
Union Building.
Evening—Union Bldg,—Gab-fest, Billiards, Bowling, Browsing. 8:30 p. m.—“Ladies of the Jury” —^Purdue Playshop Players—Duncan Hall. ' Midnight—^Track Meet Finals— Fowler Hotel. Scrubs vs. Lahr House Varsity—^Main St. Levee.
Sunday, Oct. 11th
All Day—Golf at the various clubs. See Lafayette and Purdue from the air—^Purdue Airport.
-1926 Class Breakfast. -Iron Key Breakfast.
-Church.
-Club Officers’ Lunch-
eon.
-“Seven Last Words,” by DuBois, to be sung by the Massed Pur-
due Choirs.
9:00 a. m.9:00 a.m.10:30 a. m.12:10 p. m.2:00 p. m.-
Yearling Grid Squad WeU DriUed For Game On Nortii Stuart Field Pot Wearers Will Support Team When Whistle Blows At 2 O*clock; Gimlet Club Sponsors Affair
PROBABLE LINEUP
VARSITY POSITION Botney LE Mihal LT Bush LG Humhprey I C Graves RG Fitzgerald RT
FRESBIMEN Krause JFranlJs „Brehiner -Momingstar Hee^an^
Myers
Spehn RE MackiewisKS Cody Isbell QB Hennis Medley LH Brock Selby RH Vyverberg Ippolito FB DeWitt Continuing the tuneup process for the Big Ten opener with Wisconsin a week from today, the varsity football squad will stack up against a hard-fighting, well-drilled yearling eleven this afternoon at 2 o'clock in the annual Varsity-Freshman game sponsored by the Gimlet club. On account of the weath-
er and ground conditions, the game will be played on the practice field at the north end
of -Stuart Field.
^ With the wearers of the green on one side of the field and the more distinguished, but nevertheless noisy, upperclassmen holding down the other side, there will be strong spirit and plenty of yells.
Frosh In Trim
Coach Burnham reports that the freshman squad is in fine condition and has plenty of plays oahand. He has a wealth of experience to choose from apd expects a surprised varsity team. Judging from the showing that the yearlings have made against the varsity in practice (Gontinhed on page 3)
Military Ball Date Set For November 6 Program Committee Will Conduct Congest
For Decorations
Friday, November 6, was announced last night as the probable date for the annual Military Ball, by J. M. Baker, ^ second ranking cadet colonel and recently appointed
chaiiman of the affair.
In yesterday’s meeting the committee began its plans and considered the date for the dance. As November 6 is the only date for which the Union ballroom is not reserved, it is more than likely that the tentative date will be the real
one.
In the session the committee members decided to conduct a contest for decorations similar to that of last year. Details of the contest, as well as further information pertaining to the dance itself, will appear in Tuesday’s Exponent.
Franklin Will Address AChS Plan Dinner In Honor Of Stanford Professor Edward C. Franklin, professor emeritus of chemistry at Stanford University, will address the Purdue section of the American Chemical Society at 7:30 p. m. Monday in the Union Building. A dinner in honor of Professor Franklin will be served in the Union Monday at 6 p. m. Reservations for the dinner, at sixty-five cents per plate, should be phoned to C. L. Shrewsbury, before 6 p. m. tomorrow. Dr. Franklin, who has received degrees from a mimber of schools, including the University of Kansas and Johns Hopkins University, will speak on “Liquid Ammonia a§ a Solvent”. He is a pioneer in research in this field.
FAIR-CODE
By Tempy Exponent Wenther Mouse Don mid me doday iv I seeb a bid unindeligible, I wed do de Dolphin danz laz aide aad god a code id my bed. Id’z a good ding I didn’t ged a code id my dail or I wuddn he able do mage a good weddei* reperd for doday. I waz id de swimh ao much qd de daaz my pardner sed I was all wed. Anyway I foud oud der waa wore dan wadder flowing aroud aider de danz. Id’ll be djy and code doday and domorrow.
SDXToPledge 12 Tomorrow Journalists WiU Hold Formal Ceremony Sigma Delta Cbi, national journalistic fraternity, will bold fomud pledgings in room 1 of the Memorial Union Building tomorrow afternoon at 2 o’clock. The list of twelve students will include seven seniors, and five juniors. Those who will be pledged are E. F. Akers, R. W. Dwight, E. K. Jones, T. H. Parkison, H. R. Sennstrdm, R. H. Walpole, L. D. Wood, seniors, and K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, and C. L. Sadler, juniors.
Cappo, On Coast To Coast Tour, To Play At Mixer Tonight Mixer-goers tonight’■will be in the grasp of, a series of “firsts”. Not only is this the first October miser,^ but it will feature the sjmeopation of Hie first orchestra to play here oii a Coast to Coast tour. The rhjrthm purveyors are Joe Cappo, the inimitable accordionist, and his swing band. It was Cappo who first introduced the accordion to the dance band. Monti Greeness is the vocalist with this organisation. Cappo has played at Young’s Million Dollar Pier, Atlantic City; William Penn Hotel, Denver, and Castle Farms* Cincinnati, among many other places. He has ako broadcast firom WJR, Detroit; WGY, Schenectady* and WLW, Cincinnati.
Register By llnaday All persons casting their vote ba the next presidential election most register by midini^t Monday. Reg* istration places are located at «<mvenient points throngbout the eits^ and are open Ihrom $ a. m. unHft 9 p. m. Satu«<d^t and iNeia ff a* la. 12 p. m. Monday.^0Ws
THE] PURDUE EXPONENT ' V / P . , 1 AOtf r
ij/
. Saturday, Octolb'er 3, 1986
Money WeU Spent
The twenty-five cents you spend for a ticket to the Frosh-Varsity grid' battle today is indeed money well spent. In past years the proceeds have gone to help in the support of minor sports and for other equally worthy causes—all tending to make Purdue sports continue in the front rank where they rightfully be-
long.
But there is no need to discourse upon the good done by this money. The game today will, in itself, be sufficient return for the admission price, Last year the rhinies held the varsity to an .extremely low score. Will the grid warriors of ’40 be able to keep the score down—at least under that of the regular game last week?* Come out to Stuart fi’i^eld this afternoon and
see for yourself.
For Men Only
A woman wrote to the wi’iter of one of the most popular “advice” columns, saying she would only marry a man with the following qualifications. Do you measure up to all of these requirements ? If you do, the Exponent has a medal ready for you. He must be: 1. Christian. 2. Cheerful. 3. Humorous. 4. A good sport. 5. Neat. 6. Dependable. 7. Sincere. 8. Honest. 9. Reverent. 10. Dignified. 11. Faithful. 12. Trustworthy. 18. Healthy. 14. Attractive. 15. Intelligent. 16. Sociable. 17. Friendly. 18. Able to croon. 19. Dance well. 20. Generous with his money. 21. Willing to do odd jobs around the house and garden. 22. Willing to help with the dishes. 23. Willing to mind the ^ildren when his wife has other things to do. 24. He must enjoy good music. 25. He must keep his hair cut and face shaved. 26. He must be considerate of my family as well as his own. 27. He must use correct grammar. 28. He must love to travel, but not be a traveling' salesman. 29. He must enjoy the finer thihgs Of life. 30. He niiist believe me to be the lovliest girl in the world and consider himself lucky to have me for his own. ^ 31. He must love home life, but enjoy going to parties, visiting, movies, etc. 32. He must assist me up the ladder of social success. 33. He must love children and want several of his own. 34. He must show me that he loves me in words and deeds. 35. He must have a deep husky speaking voice. 36. He must have naturally curly hair. 37. He must have a nice personality. 38. He must give me an allowance of my very own to do with it What I want. 39. He must help the children Vith their school lessons. 40. He must hang his clothes up. and not drop them around the house. He must not: 1. Smoke. 2. Drink. 3. Swear. 4. Gossip. 5. Be coarse. 6. Be vulgar. 7. Wear bow ties. 8. Wear loud clothes. 9. Tell dirty jokes. 10. Chew tobac-; CO or gum. 11. Be jealous. 12. Be sloppy. 13. Nag or whine when things aren’t the way be wants them. 14. Brag about his old girl friends. 15. Look twice at any other girl. 16. Hog the car all the time, but should let us use it too. 17. Let himself develop a bay-window or a bald head. 18. Use baby talk or flattery in order to get out with the,boys at night. 19, Criticize me, but always speak highly of me. 20. Want to be the life of the party. 21. Use nail polish. 22. Find fault with my cooking or complain when the meals are not ready on time. These are the qualifications I demand in a husband.
Chocolate Self-Sufficiency
Der Fuehrer unwrapped the crackling paper from a bar of “candy” which had been quite impressively presented to him. He looked speculatively at its soaplike appearance. Undaunted, he shoved the entire bar into his mouth and began munching it cautiously at first, but as the flavor of the “candy” touched his palate he began munching heartily. A “self-sufficient” smile crossed his face. With his mouth still full of candy he announced to a waiting and breathless Germany that the day of a “Self-suffici-ent Germany” had arrived. He had eaten a synthetic “chocolate candy bar” made from coal tar products. It looked like soap and probably tasted somewhat like soap, but “self-sufficient” Hitler would never admit it. Making synthetic chocolate from coal tar produced
Mitt ^urbue exponent
Founded in 1883
1936-1937 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST
Montber of National Collece Press Association, Biar Ten Editorial Association' Exclusively Bepresented by National Advertisingr Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second class matter at the i>ost office, Lafayette, Indiana. Deliverj^ by mail, $3.50 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60
per yeayTBold'py single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Business Phone 5038 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
editorial staff *ditor-in-Chjef W. T. Hunt Ifanaging Editor ^ H. Morris Ji^toeia^ Editors K. A. Barnette, J. Bi Brock, A. H. Forster, E. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
SPORTS STAFF Bporta Editor....;.. ...; — L. D. Wood Aaaoelate Sports Editors — W. H. Fifleld, S. R. Griffiths, R; F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF Bntinees Manager ...... national Advertising Manager 1«m1 Advertteing Manager.... Circulation Manager..,.. —
.........R. J. Hulse .._L. H. Brown ........ ....D. 0. Miller ..............J, P. Girard
WOMEN’S STAFF
liditor..,—.....J..;, JBelen Creech Advertfstng Manager— -^.......Betty Barnett AaMjpiate Editors..— Jeanne Janou^k, Doris McCartney,
Elizabeth Fyke
Issne Editw—-H. 1. Stanback.
in Germany instead of from cocoa beans importecl from Brazil may be the first step toward “self^sufficK ency/* but to us it looks like a stumble. Der Fuehrer and Germany, with less emphasis on Germany if one is to satisfy Der Fuehrer, may be able to attain “self-sufficiency’^ If the state is attained, how long can it be maintained ? And for what purpose should it be attained? > Germany’s natural resources are limited. .Even those of the United States are not unlimited. If Germany’s resources are limited now, what will the^ be after Der Fuehrer’s four years of “self-sufficiency”? The answer is obvious. Der Fuehrer could profit by enrolling in Economics I here at the University, but in all probability he would be cutting claisses continually to review armies. Brown shirts and what not.—^A. H. F.
11 11
II lack -
By Lickty
LAST LINES I LAST LINES I We are about to give away the grand prize of two passes to the MARS THEATRE to see “MY MAN GODFREY,” with William Powellj and Carole Lombard. The lucky winner is J. A. FergUsson. Gall at the Union desk this noon and collect.
Murder At Geneva
A young man drove out to the airIntending to have some great sport, When around swung the beam, And there stood the dean, SO HE WED HER TO KEEP OUT , OF COURT. (Last liite by Fergusson.)
Besieged by burly ruffians in the persons of economic imperialism, bristlingly aggressive corporate states, pugilistic rightists and leftists, and swaggering dic-tator-orators, the League of Nations, that pale, frail, white angel born of the idealism of Woodrow Wilspn, is in the death throes. With II Duce Benito Mussolini, the aptly described “Sawdust Caesar,” demanding that both economic and military sanctions be abolished, the last feeble weapon is to be torn from the League leaving her inert and defenseless. The death rattle comes as no surprise to students of international relations who saw failure foredoomed in the unfortunate founding of the League upon the Treaty of Versailles, that document of greed and hatred, in the woeful lack of real authority invested in the League, and in the lack of an international military unit to enforce the decisions of the League. American students generally are prone to scoff at the League of Nations either deriding its weakness which in some measure was caused by American failure to enter the League, or harking back to the immortal words of a certain soldier, Mr. George Washington, “No foreign entanglements”. The best reply to the words of the man who, because he was the father of his country, could undoubtedly foresee and understand perfectly international affairs 150 years beyond him, is the statement of Dr. Harry N. Howard that “the United States has played an active part in every world conflict in modern history” which he follows with an enumeration of seven such world conflagrations. But now the League is dying, or dead. With the last vestige of rationality and arbitration wiped away, the arena is nearly cleared for the settling of internation al problems with blasting shells, screaming airplanes, and ripping bayonets. Now will come a mad dance of alliances and alignments with an ever-tightening cir cle of armaments and military preparation and soon all the world will be aflame in the next world war. It may come within months or a few ye’ars or ten, but it will come, and eventually the United States, after first carefully choosing the side of justice, truth, and freedom, will set valiantly forth to save the world from dictators—keeping the world safe for democracy. That, you see, is progress; that is civilization. “Time Marches On!”—Miami Student.
We also have the following which came awfully close: WHO WAS QUICKLY LEFT HOLDING THE FORT. SO HIS EVENING OF FUN WAS CUT SHORT.
“Skull house” JARVIS WIL-. LIAMS, the third, has finally put his pin out on KAY WEAVER, town gal. It was with great difficulty that he beat pilot MIKE MURPHY.
“Good night—Hubert will see you safely to your door.”
DICK CRAIG (hermit of the Sig house) has sworn off GAL-EVENT-IN, with the exception of PROM and Sig house dances, i*! Phi KERNEL has a bet with hermit CRAIG that he will go to GOLDIGGERS. Is it madness or method ?
New MAIN
Two eds sat in a sweetshop booth with three cokes upon the table. They invited: a passing co-ed to consume the extra coke. As she finished the drink the actual owner, whom the co-ed did not know, returned hollering for his coke. Was her face red ?
4 BIG DAYS STARTING MID-NITE SHOW TONIGHT 11:30 P. M.
Dwight is also fish.
ONLY THREE MORE DAYS TO SAVE YOliR COUNTRY!! WHAT ARE YOU DOING—?—ANYHOW.
BUT— But, said she This cannot be At 8 I must be in
But, said he, (Continued on page 4)
A R C
BY CADWALLADER
The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
Figures Do Lie
Many a business man has taken as his creed the dogmatic statement that “figures don’t lie”. Literally, they don’t; but in every day usage they may be distorted in many ways. Interpretation is the thing which often makes figures tell lies. Take the political campaign, for instance. The figures relating to the federal budget and public debt are staggering, to say the least. The Republicans interpret these figures as meaning that there have been much waste and extravagance in the New Deal, and that taxes are entirely too high. In defense of the huge figures, the Democrats themselves present all sorts of other figures in an attempt to prove that they have kept within proper bounds on their expenditures. In order that figures be truthful, they must be accompanied by qualifying and explanatory statements, which must in turn be truthful. For example, a business man might borrow a million dollars. A man .who knew nothing of the situation might assume that he was headed toward bankruptcy, whereas in actuality the business man was making improvements calculated to repay many times the amount he had borrowed. Or vice versa. The same situation might apply to the national debt. Borrowing to carry over an emergency may be condoned provided such borrowing is within reasonable limits, so that it may be easily paid back when better times arrive. The lying permitted by figures is thus almost wholly in their interpretation. One million is always one million, but one million dollars spent on real relief is not the same as one million dollars' spent on boondoggling. That is the trouble with political and other figures.
If a business man cannot laugh, he has no right to get rich.—Sir Thbmas Lipton. .
3.
4. 5.
Establish student SELF-governmeiit^ Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups.
Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.> i
n 'i'^¥ r i
4
':'%¥i
Saturday, October 3, ,1936
fHE I^UKDUE EXPONENT
FroshToTest Varsity Today (Continued from |>age 1)
scrimmages, the “elders” are in for a busy afternoon, particularly in view of the fact that Kizer has ipdiTiated that his starting selection will be largely a shock troop aggregation.
The game will provide a glimpse of the style of play that Wisconsin is expected to use .against the Boilermakers a week from today, for Coach Burnham is building his attack around the same style of play that was exhibited by Harry Stuhldreher’s Badgers in defeating South Dakota State last Saturday. ^ Possible Starters Burnham’s starting lineup was a decidedly tentative affair, and he stated that the definite alignment would be named just before game time. Among the starting possibilities, in addition to the yearlings arbitrarily named, are the following: Center, Verplank, guards, Martin and Schreiber, tackles, Carr and Johnson, ends, Britt and Thursby, quarterbacks, Foster and Eaebel, fullbacks, Nesbitt and Bachman, left halfbacks, YeargOr and Calangelo, right halfbacks. Brown and Wingierski.
Wet Ball l^actice Occupies Hoosiers As Drizzle Prevails
Bo McMillin’s “Hoosiers” practiced yesterday in preparation for their game with the Centre College “Colonels” despite a continuous drizzle. Much of the time was spent in practicing handling the wet ball. Although they are outweighed, the “Colonels” expect to make up for this disadvantage with a fastcharging line composed of men who have had at least one year of experience, and an elusive backfield.
Old, Rare and Modern First Editions ADDITIONAL EXHIBITION
at
rwBoorw
1005 MAIN STREET LAFAYETTE
Open Evenings and Sundays
DIVINE COMEDY OF DANTE. ALIGHIERI. Longfellow First edition Three volumes, fine condition. Very rare and scarce THE LIFE OF CHRIST. Translated from the German by J. P. Lange, D.D., University of Bonn Six volumes, fine condition. Edinburgh, 1864 Original cloth—heavily embossed
DOCTRINE OF THE PERSON OP CHRIST. Dorner. Edinburgh, 1868. Five volumes, fine condition. Original cloth—^heavily embossed.
BALZAC’S DROLL STORIES. Complete and unabridged. Privately printed, London, 1874. New and in fine condition. Belongs on the same shelf with the Decameron, Rabelais, etc.
AMBROSE FECIT: or. The Peer and the Printer. By Thomas Dunn English. New York, 1867. A very rare volume, unique in many ways.
LIVES OP THE WESLEYa By John Whitehead, M.D. Complete in one volume. London, MDCCXCin. First American edition, Goi^ condition.
THE WORLD DISPLAYED. By Rev. Royal Robbins. Two volumes in one, original full leather, well preserved New York, 1882.
Iowa at Northwe'stern... Iowa by six to thirteen peibui... this ia the Wildcats’ opener, and they have lost much valuable material by injuries and ineligibilities . . . Iowa opened mth Carleton last week and has the pre-season wrinkles shaken off . . . —^fc—
CRABBE, HEBER AND POLLOK, Poetical Works of. Complete in one volume. First edition; Philadelphia, 1848. Original full Morocco, heavily embossed All edges gold leafed. Fine condition Also a separate edition DeLuxe of Crabbe of the same period in original binding, well preserved, Red-lined, blue and gold
KAVANAGH Longfellow; London, 18B8 Gift edition deluxe. Original blue and gold leaf, heavily embossed Pine condition.
The above, with some which remain from the list shown in Exponent last Saturday, are only a few High Lights in our Collection of Rare, Old, ^nd Modern First Editions with a liberal sprinkling of unique and unusual issues. Some of these may be purchased —but all may be seen and examined at any time.
Open evenings till 9, Sundays 8 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Y^OLD^BOOK^SHOPP^
1005 Main St.
i
telder’s.... ....choice «By Boh Walpole—*
Another Saturday and more football games ... in as much as the Boilermakers are idle except for the game with the freshmen this afternoon, we won’t predict this score, but we will try again on the other Big Ten teams ... and Notre Dame. —fc— We picked all of our winners last week, but we did miss a few of the scores . . . however, let’s try again. ——fc——
here next Saturday afternoon bent on putting a damper on University homecoming festivities by repeating their upset victory of last season over the Boilermakers. The 21st renewal of the Purdue-Wisconsin
Marquette at Wisconsin . . . the Badgers by a touchdown . . . Wisconsin showed up well against South Dakota State last Saturday . . . watch this game, for Purdue meets the Badgers a week from today for our homecoming . .. —fc—
Vanderbilt at Chicago ... a possible tie with a 6 point advantage to the Commodores from Nashville .. . Vanderbilt is rated as one of the strongest teams in the south this season . . . Chicago defeated Lawrence last week, but that isn’t much of an indication of the Maroon strenl^th ... —^fc— Centre at Indiana ... we would like to pick Centre, but there is no chance . . . Indiana to win by four touchdowns .. . —fc— Michigan State at Michigan . . . Michigan by six points ... Michiganis much of a dark horse since Coach Hairy Kipke is depending on sophomore strength for the nucleus of this eleven . • . —^fc— N. Y. U. at Ohio State . . . the Buckeyes by 14 to 21 points . . . again, the Ohio State team is rated as Big Ten champs by football magazine dopesters .. . this is also Ohio State’s opener .. . —^fc—
series, which will provide the initial Big Ten test of the season for both elevens, will headline the day’s gridiron offerings in the Hoosier state, and judging from advance tid^et sales a near-capacity crowd will be on tap for the initial kickoff. The annual battle between the Badgers and Boilermakers has always been fought out on the gridiron instead of on paper, for the Series has become almost traditional for its stunning upsets and spectacular thrills, with the pre-game favorite invariably in hot water. Last year provided a typical upset as the Badgers eked out an 8 to 0 victory over a favored Boilermaker crew. Wisconsin Boasts Many Veterans There will be little to choose between the two elevens this season, although Wisconsin, which will have two games under its belt and a host of holdover veterans, might be granted a slight edge. In addition to most of the veterans who were
Washington U. at Illinois . . . the mini by three touchdowns . . . Illinois took DePaul last week, and the St. Louis eleven is about of the same calibre . . . —^fc— Carnegie Tech at Notre Dame ... the Irish by 14 points... the Purdue spotlight should be focused on this tilt to see what the Tartans have... the Boilcemakers meet ’em on October 31^^S|us may be an upset... we beli^Plie others are definite... within reason ... —fc— That leaves Purdue and Minnesota as the only idle elevens in the conferenpe this week .,.
FRATERNITY SOFTBALL
Monday
Diamond
1— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Faculty. 2— ^Triangle vs. Phi Delta Theta. 3— Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 4— Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 6—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 6— ^Phi Kappa vs. Delta Upsilon. 7— Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Theta Tau. 8— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Theta Chi. 9— Theta Xi vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 10— Sigma Pi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 11— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Kappa Sig ma. 12— ^Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Delta Chi. 13— ^Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Sigma Chi. 14— Sigma Alpha vs. Delta Tau Delta. 16— Sigma Nu vs. Phi Pi Phi. 17— ^Phi Gamma Delta vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 18— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Kap pa Psi.
Badgers Play, Here Oct. 10
WisconsinGiven Slight EdgeOvri-Kizermen
Wisconsin’s newly aroused Badgers, aflame with a new enthusiasm generated by Harry Stuhldreher, will invade the Ross-Ade stadium
including Capt. Golemgeskfe and
Christianson, stalwart tackles, the Badgers will invade Lafayette bolstered by the return to form of Ed Jankowski, battering fullback, and the addition of several promising sophomores, including Bronko Malesevich, left-handed passer and left-footed kicker, who made a big impression as a halfback against South Dakota State. Andy Grant Hurt Purdue’s problem of reorganization for the Big Ten opener has been complicated by the loss of Andy Grant, right guard, whose play against Ohio U. was outstanding. Grant tore a muscle in his left arm late in Thursday afternoon’s scrimmage, and will be out of action until after the Badger battle. Lee Graves, light but scrappy, a major letter man from two years ago, is being groomed to take Grant’s place. The remainder of the Boilermaker lineup is expected to be fhe same as the combination that started against Ohio U. in the season’s opener.
Mich.-Mich. State Game To Have Record Crowd
Ann Arbor, Mich., Oct. 2.—Preseason ticket sales for the MichiganMichigan State football game here tomorrow indicate that a new record crowd for the series may be present, according to Harry Tillotson, ticket manager. As many as 56,000 are expected, far surpassing all other crowds for opening games. Coach Harry Kipke stated last year that slowness afoot would not be tolerated this year. Realizing that he meant business, several of Kipke’s pupils went out for track last spring. Consequently Michigan expects to have a much faster and improved team.
StuMdr^het Third Of ^^Four Horsemen^* teads Team Against Kiaier
When Harry Stuhldreher leads his Wisconsin gridders against the Purdue eleven on October 10, he will be the third of the “Pour Horsemen’*' of 1924 Notre Dame fame to match his gridiron wits with Noble Kizer, one of the “Seven, Mules”. To date, Kizer is one up in the inter-team series, having taken two decisions from Jimmy Crowley at Fordham while losing one to Elmer Layden at Notre Dame after having defeated Hunk Anderson’s Irish the previous year.
WSGA To Interview
New Co-eds Monday
W. S. G. A. activities committee will meet in the organization office in the Union Building Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock, imder the direction of the chairman, June Lippert. Freshman and transfer co-eds will receive notices through the mail, asking them to come to the W. S. G. A. office for interviews by the members of the committee. The purpose of these meetings is to acquaint the co-eds with the various offices and help them to get started in campus activities.
Dr. Bray, Eth Baugh Visit Alumni Oubs
Lambert Attends Huff Funeral
Ward Lambert, baseball and basketball coach of the Univemiiy, will represent the Student Athletic Association at the funeral of the late George Huff, Illinois University athletic director. Mr. Huff died Thursday after a brief illness.
Minnesota Center Father Of Baby, Boy
Last Wednesday Minnesota’s football team practiced without the services of its varsity center. Bud Svendsen. Coach Bierman was not alarmed over the center’s absence, however, because Bud was at a hospital looking over a seven and threequarter pound son.
MX CAMPUH rmnm
4:tS trOaek 3. £. Lentz ys. R. £. Ulridfi. T. C. Fffixworthy vs, H. D. Wilntetb. A. Chapline vs. C. B. Httfford. H, L. Scott vs. U. £. Wilkhis. N. Huffman vs. 6. fVye. 3. A. fUwider vs. h. If^ar.
Gmne CorrectiuihB
The following results of softbaB games played Thursday, October 1, are correct: Alpha Tan Omega defeated Theta Tau by defatdi. Phi Kappa defeated Delta Sigma lambda. Pirathon defeated Alpha Gamma Rho.
Make a Date for Homecoming Dance EARL GARDNER'S ORCHESTRA 9:30 to 1:30—^$1.10 per Couple UNCOLN LODGE
Dr. J. L. Bray, head of the Purdue chemical engineering school, and Eth Baugh, alumni secretary, will lunch today with the Sullivan county Purdue Alumni Association at Sullivan. Later they will go to Vincennes where they are to have dinner with the Knox county Purdue club tonight. The visits to Sullivan and Vincennes are part of an itinerary that also included a visit to Terre Haute yesterday to meet with the Wabash Valley Purdue club.
Parker Co. Offers School Ring Bargain
The Parker Pen Company is offering official University rings for twenty-five cents. The ring is a certified $2 value, and may be obtained by induding the top panel of a Parker “Quink” carton with your order. Further particulars may be obtained from any dealer selling this product.
Barnyard Frolic Date Changed To October 15
Announcement that the Newman Barnyard Frolic had been changed from October 30 to October 15 was made official last night by the general chairman, Richard Carton.
LEAKN TO DANCE CORRECTLY
By Enrolling in Onr New ADULT BEGINNERS’ CLASS Wed., Oct. 7, 7:00 P. M.
Waltz and Fox Trot Taqght Indiana’s Largest Dancing School
Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferrjr
Your Clothes
when Tailored to Individual Measure Give Lasting Satisfaction then too, you are practically unlimited in the choice of Model and Fabric Styles. The Hundreds of garments we have made for University Men, the past years, is the proof given this method of clothes buying and our Ability to Render Proper Service. YOU ARE INVITED TO INSPECT THE FALL LINES.
HERSEY’S
124 N. 6th St.
Opposite the Mars
They're the NEW
79c
the Pair $1,50 for 2 Pair
YES—that’s a lace garter yon see on these new Way-nees Stockings—^not ordinary lace —^but Lastex Lace! Lovely ... and it holcb fast to your leg. Doesn’t twist, doesn’t slip. Way-nees are gorgeorisly comfortable, of course, and a grand economy, too. No garter runs, yon know! Chiffon and Service wights in the newest colors.
CU/-Pt££j- ' STOCKINGS
Thieme & ^^ngeriii Co.
West Side Square
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
641 Main Sc., Lafayette
Men’s Suits Men’s O’Coats Ladies’ Plain Dresses Ladies’ Plain Coats Cleaned and Pressed .
Phone 3085 Our office at 132 Vine St., West Lafayette, is for your convenience.
American Laundry
7^3 DANCE PROGRAMS a a. a MENUS 73^3 Letter Heads -I- Fraternity Publications Envelopes Paper Napkins Paper Towels for the Kiteheu and Bath Room Toilet Papers, Roll and Cabinet
Lafayette Printing Company
■ a ■
511 F^rry Street, Lafayette
« "t-
K \
J
*
4
MattuaaiMiiiiBgiI " |,U I 'i
lt\
'VJ
“fV
! /*# ' % H "\i (
»OTH FLORKT, INC. Complete Floral Setvice. Serving Purdue for 27 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Bmlding Phone 7955 — 8050
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well WaOace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post OflBice
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist
119'/t Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
Dorner’s Flower Shop Qoali^ Flowers
Phone 6050
Main at 7th
Rent A Car for the Evening
ROGERS GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
The t|iinkinr fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FOI^D TAXI CAB Black Cara for Special Occasiona 2Sc per ^aaaenser any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Go Where Everybody Goes THE MANHATTAN
Big 5c Spanish Hamburgers and Real Chili
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Toilor 507 Main St.
KEYS Keys for tnuiks, door locks, desk lofsks, night latches and padlocks. Adio keys and handle locks a specialty. r F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son I 209-11 Norei Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters
33 Years in the Business DUNCAN-LARSON, INC.
Phone 4450
1622 East Main
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
STUDENTS Use Our Easy Pay Plan to buy a DESK MODEL RADIO $9.95
Firestone Service Store 9th and Ferry J. VL Cowan. Mgr.
What interests me— Will you wear the pin?
But, IVe got— Her cheeks flamed hot She got home at 10.
FAMOUS LAST LINE: Remember the Date Bureau!!!
Capt. Aretz Offers 20 Mile Air Tour
Over Lafayette
Today and tomorrow Captain L. I. Aretz, director of the University airport, will offer a 20 mile airplane sightseeing tour of Lafayette and West Lafayette at the reduced price of 60 cents. The flights will be made in the airport’s 12-passenger Stin-son-Detroiter airliner. The Phillips Petroleum Company is sponsoring the flights and their cooperation makes possible the low cost of the flights which are ordinarily made for twice the price. The airliner is equipped with the most modern devices for all kinds of weather. It is a trimotor monoplane with a cabin accomodating twelve people.
Social Briefs
Bud Bryant and his orchestra will furnish the music for the first Kappa Sigma informal dance of the season tonight, 9 to 12. Chaperones for the affair are Mr. and Mrs. George Hawkins, Mr. Carl Klemme and Mr. and Mrs. Arrol Heffner. —sb—
Christian Church: Rev. J. N. Jessup, pastor. Miss Clare A. Coolidge, assistant to the dean of women at the University, will address the student group at 9:30 tomorrow morning. Regular student social hour and forum will meet in the church at 6:30 tomorrow evening. Last night Purdue Christian students enjoyed a wiener and marshmallow roast at Murdock Park. Many turned out to make the affair a success.
Charlie Smart’s band will play for the Triangle fraternity informal dance from 9 to 12 in the chapter’s house tonight. Chaperones are Capt. and Mrs. Holmes and prof, and Mrs. Crutts.
A closed radio dance, from 9 to 12 tonight, at the Phi Kappa Tau fraternity house will introduce the first of the informal house dances of the season for the chapter. —sb— An informal dance will be held tonight from 9 to 12 at the Sigma Nu fraternity house, with Johnny Hamilton and his orchestra syncopating. Chaperones include Dr. Albert Pyke, Mr. T. R. Smith and Mr. Vic Gibbons.
Mr, Steer Speaks On Stuttering At Speech Clinic
The first lecture of the Speech Clinic lecture series was held in University Hall, room 310, at 4 p. m. yesterday. Mr. Steer, director of the speech clinic, briefly discussed the various theories of stuttering. Slides were shown illustrating the neurological theory which has been accepted by most of the prominent speech pathologists of the country. All students who stutter or have other speech difficulties are invited to attend these free lecture series throughout the year. At the next meeting of the series to be held Friday, October 16th, a guest speaker, who will be announc ed in the near future, will preside.
Dolphins Dance
One hundred and seventy-five couples danced in the Upion ballroom last night from 9 till 12 o’clock to the music of Joe McCartney’s orchestra which played for the Dolphin club dance. The club members plan to use the proceeds of the dance to pay for out of town trips for the swimming team this winter.
WBAA TODAY
11:00—Just Kids, In charge Of Bob Heine. 11:80—HiKfa Sphool Gaeeli Vpxgmot In Charge of Glenn Merviam. 12:00—Noon Melodies, John Brubaker. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Music. 12:80—^News Commentator, Prof. Hall. 12:46—Markets, J. B. GtesW; . , 1:00—The Radio Sponsored by P. I, A„ Under the direction of 5rof. P. E. Lull.
MONDAY 11:00—“American Institutions," Prof. R. Phillips, classroom lecture. 11:60—Purdue News Plashes, Bob Woodworth. 12:00—Agricultural Forum, In CSmtse of Glenn Sample. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Ifosto, ^ 12:80—(Athletic Review, frof..^'Homer Allen and Doxie Moore. 12-46—^Melody Tune. 1:00—Public Safety, Mjr. Ray pePalma. I4I6—Home Helps & Happenings, “Buying Women’s Chats," Doris Ellen McCartney. 1:80—Gepgrap]^ in the News, Miss Marian Gettings, 1.46—Markets, J, R. Hays. 2:00—^Weather & Police Reports,
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Rent — Attractive, lower, ftont room. Two instructors or graddate students or business women preferred. References. 609 North St. Ph. 7790,
Lost—^Brown leather key holder containing 4 keys. If found return to Delta Tau Delta house. Phone 6021. Reward.
Ci
ttnesi
Sy OUVR SCHATZLEY
Episcopal Church: Sixth and Ferry Sts., Lafayette: Holy Communion at 8 a. m. Choral Eucharist and sermon, 10:46 a. m. Offertory solo sung by Prof. Larry LaBree: “Tarry with Me”. Meeting of the Young People’s Fellowship at 6 p. m. Program at 7 p. m. Prof. C. Doan will relate some of his experiences. I —c— Presbyterian; Seventh and Columbia Sts.: Rabbi Meyer Simon, of the Temple Israel, will be the speaker at the Sunday Evening club at 6:15 tomorrow evening. Mrs. Simon will sing. This program follows the supper, served at 15 cents per plate. The club meets in the Education Building of the church. The school of religion will meet as usual at 9:30. Morning church services at 10:45.
Methodist: Rev. McFadden. The Sunday program of the Wesley Foundation will start with a breakfast at the Foundation House at 8 o’clock for those participating in the visitation program. At 9:30 there will be the Sunday school classes—^the co-eds at the Foundation House with Mrs. McFadden as subject “Religion in Relation to Our Personal Living,” and the men at the church with Rev. McFadden as the leader on the subject, “Science and the Bible”. There will be the re^lar church service at 10:40. At 6:15 there will he the third annual Men’s Bean Supper. All Methodist men on the cam^ pus are inAiited to attend this affair and to hear Rev. J. B. Gleason speak on the subject, “Let Me Call You Sweetheart.” Upperclassmen are to act as hosts at each table. The co-eds will have a supper and discussion at the Foundation House.
Baptists: Roger Williams club of the West Lafayette Baptist church will be taught by Dean Fisher at 9:30 a. m. The pastor, Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason, will bring the message at 10:35 a. m., “The Redemption Love of God”. We are also serving the Lord’s Supper and dedicating the newly decorated church. Music by the choir will include “Seek Ye the Lord” and a solo by Mrs. E. B. Rhyne “Hold Thou My Hand”. 6:30 p. m., social hour and lunch. 6:30 p. m., discussion directed by Florence Senior, ’39, “Philosophy of Success”. 7:30 p. m., Prof. Frank A, Hall, of Purdue, will speak on “World Conditions and the Christian Religion”.
Crown Hat Bldclciris
Is just like the hat factory blocks them.. Why not have yours look like new
p
}>
ROWN
AUNDRY
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
NOTICES
No noUcM accoptod after t R. m.
Independents—^All wishing to participate in membership campaign please report to P. I. A. office between 4 and 6 p. m. any day this week. —PARKHURST.
Bowling—There is a new women’s bowling class, P. E. W. 63, open Tuesday and Thursday at 2 p. m. There is room for several more women. Apply at Women’s Gym. —ELLIS.
Y. W. C. A. Publicity Committee—Meet Oct. 3 at 4 o’clock in Y. W. C. A. office. Important. —WOOD.
Y. W. C. A. Program Committee—Meet Oct. 6 at 4 o’clock in Y. W. C. A. office. —MACINTOSH.
Reamer Club—^Meeting Oct. 6 at 8 p. m. in room 1 pf Union. All active members are required to be present. —BUXTON.
Newman Club—Emergency meeting Oct. 3 at 4 p. m., room 2 of Union. The date of the Barnyard Frolic has been advanced. Officers be sure to come. —CARTON,
Animal Husbandry Students—Dut to conflict the livestock tour and barbecue date has been changed to Oct. 7 instead of Oct. 8. —WHITE.
Graduate Students—Are invited to the regular weekly discussion group held in the Wesley Foundation House, 436 State St., on Oct 4 at 6:30 p. m. Dr. C. Lanezos, of the mathematics department, who spent the summer in Europe, will lead a discussion on European affairs. —HOW.
Debris—An important staff meeting of sophomore editorial workers at 4 Monday in the Debris office. —DWIGHT.
Omicron Nu—Business meeting Oct. 6 at at 4 p. m., room 108, H. E Building —TYLER.
Religious Council—The Purdue Religious Council will hold its first monthly meeting Oct 5 at 4 p. m. in room 1 of Union. —SAUNDERS.
Independents—Men interested in P. I. A. office and executive work in activities stop at Independent office at 8 Oct. 3. —YTHITE.
Lafayette Hockey Club—First practice will be held Oct 3 at 11 a. m on the hockey field. —BRADY.
Union Sophomores—My committee will meet in the Union office at 4 p. m. Oct. 6. -REID
Reamer Club—Meet at 8 p. m. Oct. 6 in room 1 of Union All actives and pledges are required to be present —BUXTON.
Union Sophomores—My committee will meet in the Union ballroom at 1 p. m Oct 3. —CLAYPOLE.
Union Sophomores—The following members of my committee wijl meet in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Oct. 5: D. R. Shoemaker, W. Shipley, R. Buechler, T. Fuener, J. E. Kessel, D. G. Manlore, R C. Meleney, R. L Reeder, Betty Rann, Jean Bailey, Elizabeth Stewart I —plFORZHEIMER.
Playshop—Stage and art crews report for work in sub-basement at 1 p. m. Oct. 3. —KETCHAM.
W, A. A. Hockey—Sophomores and seniors will practice Oct. 5 at 4 p. m. Managers will be e^ted and all co-eds interested in officiating report to gym. —THOMPSON.
Playshop—Makeup committee meeting in Playshop office Oct. 6 at 4. —CREPPS.
See Our Complete Stock of
LAMPS CHAIRS TABLES HASSOCKS
Eagle Furniture
Co. 425 Columbia Dial 2728
FROZEN-MALTS. ...Real Food at TRIPLE XXX
113 Vine Street
BERT
30 YEARS PRACTICAL EXPERIENCE ^ in the Plumbing and Heating Profession No book knowledge, if you knpw whet I mean. Come Up and See Me Some Time
914 Main St.
A. W. WERKHOFF
Phones:
Of. 6987 Res. 78 "
7863
Senior Debris Sittings
Every senior, desiring to have his picture in the 1936 DEBRIS, must report to the Debris office, on the second'floor of the Memorial Union Building, at his scheduled time. A fee of $1.60 wilk be charged for each sitting. To insure the best picture, it is suggested that the seniors wear plain, dark clothes. —R.'W. DWIGHT, Editor, 1937 Debris,
Tuesday, October 6 Alexander, C. C. Ashworth, B. C, Bakey, F. C. Batchelor, J. W. Andres, R. F. Antonini, H. F. Baker, J. M. Baumgartner, C. L. Aikman, O. Anderson, R. F. Anderson, E. W. Anderson, J. E. Akers, E. F. Ammerman, J. M. Allen, M. S. Anderson, W. S. Armon, Chas. Baur, R. O. Birdsall, F. C. Blocker, R. S. Berg, E. P. Bluemel, E. Bodine, R. J. Brandt, A. W. Bell, S. K. Bowman, Glenn Bowman, J. M. Brafford, D. A. Compton, M. C. Cooper, R. S. Coplen, H. L. Cory, M. T.
Callis, C. M. Brewer. S. T. Burgess, D. J. Burrell, K. H. Buxton. L. O. Beaudway, R. W. Bromley, J. T. Burroughs. J. E. Byington, R. R. Blistain, W. Burmeister, F. Campbell, G. L. Campbell, J. D. Buenting, O. W. Captain, E. A. Cantwell, A. Carlson, R. O. Burkhart, R. L. Burnell, G. W. Chenoweth, B. M. Clark, H. M, Day, J. H. Dean, M. A. Dehl, J. S. De Groot, J. A.
Wednesday, October 7 Bice, G. W. Black, D. E. Blaney, B. D. Bornhauser, L. B. Black, G. T. Bosonetto, g. A. Bowen, M. M. Bowman, F E. Baum, Chas. L. Blakley, J H. Bryan, C E. Brusky, J. W. Birban, C. R. Bolds, M. H. Bouton, M. N Brandt, H H. Baumback, E. J. Belury, N G. Brewer, C. Brinson, R. g Anderson, J. D. Atkins, V. Brown, B. E. Brown, D. R. Blank, E J. Boroviak, E Buck, R W Burgess, J. D. Cross, R. E. Cusic, M. E . Dailey, Leon Daley, C. G
8:00 8:15 8:30 8:46 9:00 9:15 9:30 9:46 10:00 10:16 10:30 10:45 11:00 11:16 11:30 11:46 1:00 1:16 1:30 1:46 2:00 2:15 2:30 2:46 3:00 3:16 3:30 3:45 4:00 4:16 4:30 4-45
Friday, October 9 Buchanan, L. W. Chastain, B. I. . Christy, H. R. Cohen, J. Canham, C, H. Carr, J. E. Closson, E. G. Coddington, J. A. Canatsey, G. D. Capron, C. Carbon, H. B. Conner, A. C. Caldwell, J. Carton, R. F. Claus, W. D. Clevenger, W. W. Castor, C. V. Clary, W. M. Cline, O. H. Connelly, J, W. Chancellor, W S. Cleveland. G. W. Cohee, S. M. Coulter, J. A. Chamberlain, R. W. Clifford, T. O. Gripe, R. W. Dailey. Lawrence Daniels, S. D. Danner, W. J Davenport, R. E. Davis, S. P.
Thursday, October 8 8:00 Bivin, E. H. 8:16 Brubaker, J. F. 8:30 Bublitz, C. A. 8:46 Burkhart, J. R. 9:00 Brion, B. W. 9:16 Brown, R. R. 9 :S0 Burks, R. H.
8.00 8:15 8-80 8:45 9:00 9-15 9:30 9:46 10:00 10:15 10:30 10:45 11:00 11:16 11:30 11:46
Saturday, October 18 Camhi, J. Drake, J. W. Dillon. L. V. Duncan, R. L. Chandler, R. H. Cole, J. D. Douda, L. J. Dutenhaver, R. E. Chipman, E. E. Diesbach, F. B, Dooley, D. L. Dieterich, R. H. Compton, W. C. Dleterle, F. E. Doke, E. G. Downey, G. M,
GOOD TEAMS DEMAND The Best in Bats and Rackets
Lower Prices to Fraternities and Sororities
SPERB.D.Hardware
Phone 2777
« 822 Main St.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
CLOTHES
You'll Be Proud Of
Topcoats like these give you the confidence only welldressed men possess. New in style, beautifully tailored by Sparrendahl.
arrendahl
507 Main Street