I*
Purdue
Z-185
Volume 5L No. 90
Exponent
Soturdoy. Janucoy 13. 1940
Badgers Threaten Riveter Victory String Tonight
Rural Youth Meetings Today Will Close Thirty-Seventh Annual Ag Conference 350 Attieiid Annual Banquet Held In New Union Ballroom; Hear Leaders Speak Today officially ends the thirty seventh annual Agricultural Conference and the fourth annual Rural Youth Program. Unofficial quotations indicated that the Rural Youth have brought some 400 people to the campus, running the total for the week
up to approximately 7,600.
Late News
Bartley, W. Va., January 12— “All hope abandoned” was flashed to the surface today by the rescue gangs endeavoring to release the remaining 67 fellow workers who were trapped by an unexplained ex- ' plosion Tuesday in the No. 1 mine of the Pond Creek Pocahontas Coal company. Earlier in the day, 36 bodies were removed from the blasted corridors of the mine in addition to the four removed yesterday. The apparent doom of the remaining men marked one of the greatest mine tragedies of recent years. Helsinki, January 12—Complete annihilation of 120,000 soviet troops, including some of the crack detachments of the red army, was predicted today by Finnish military observers. Two divisions totaling 40,000 men have already been completely wiped out, while a third army of 20,000 is facing extinction in the Salla sector. The trapped red troops are now surrounded by two Finnish columns, who will start complete annihilation at once. Meanwhile a well-laid Finnish trap awaits a fourth division which is being rushed to rescue the army surrounded in the Salla area. Washington, January' 12—An overwhelming vote literally swept the $264,611,262 emergency defense bill through the house today shortly after rejecting a final motion by Rep. Schafer (R) Wisconsin, to send the bill back to the appropriations committee with instructions to write in a prohibition against using any of the funds for construction, maintenance, or operation of ships engaged in the so-called “300 mile Welles neutrality zone.” ' Many of the favorite songs of the day will be played during the broadcast including “Does Your Heart Beat For Me.” In a;iswer to mkny requests^ Hoagy Carmichael's wicrd compostiion, “Hong Kong Blues,” will be played and sung by the trio as the Carmichael Song of the Week. The program, which is produced by Ha^ Miller and announced by Virgil Duncan, will be devoted today to taking the student’s mind oiE of the coming final exam weeks. This will be done in the main by Burns and Dunshee in a skit built around the evolution of a joke.
Yesterday’s program was gayly climaxed with the annual banquet in the new ballroom last night with over 360 attending. George Doup, Columbus, president of the Indiana Rural Youth opened the meeting and presented the group the following people: Prof. Z. M. Smith, state 4-H club leader; Prof. W. F. Graham, superintendent of the ag conference; Prof. Leila R. Gaddis, state leader home economics; and Prof. 0. F. Hall, university educator’s de-
partment.
Meaning ,of Youth Don Turnquist, chairman of the program committee, and toastmaster of last night’s banquet, took charge of the program and introduced the speakers representing the various districts of the state. Five speakers each using as the subject one of the letters spelling YOUTH. The first speaker, Wilson Bronnenberg, said Y should stand for “Yourself” since that is after all the most important thing to the individual. Herbert Friedrich speaking on 0 declared that it should stand for “Others” since we have to live, talk and eat with' others. The third speaker Francis Ayers, maintained Y stands for “You” or “Unity.” Fii^st Girl Speaker The first girl speaker to talk was Helen Stockhuetter who believes that the letter T should stand for “Thinking” and that we should always have our minds full of good things to drive away the sin and evil. Summarizing, Sally Winslow said that H should stand for “Home” and the nine endposts of the home are Love, Respect, Faith, Patience, Unselfishness, Courtesy, Honesty, and Tolerance. ‘Stealing the Show’ with his impersonations and ventriloquist, Don Brinkerhoof, from the 6th district presented a takeoif from Bob Burns, Edgar Bergen and Charley McCarthy. Violinist Enid Wenger from South Bend played a number of classical and popular pieces. Readings were presented by Mrs. Noble Ratts, and Marian Haas. Today’s program will consist of a session on parliamentary procedure conducted by George Byers of Lafayette and a general session in the ballroom at 8:30. At the general session. Dr. E. C. Palmer, noted lecturer and student of youth problems, of Kalamazoo, Mich., will address the group on “Social Skill.”
Michael Hauer
Sportsmen To Elect King, Queen Tonight At Traditional Hop Highlighting the Blanket Hop in the Union ballroom tonight will be the election of a king and queen who will reign throughout the dance. Dave Rankin, captain-elect of the 1940 football team will officiate at the coronation which will take place during intermission. Any “P” man is eligible for election, and the following co-eds have been nominated to be a sportsman’s queen: Wilma Bear, Erma Berry, Peggy Davis, Vivian' Dickefson, Jane Haltom, Jeanette Haynes, Frances Lloyd, Vivian Petersen, Mary Petticrew, Louise ^hickler, Georgann Schilling, Caroline Scott, and Margaret Stocker. Michael Hauer’s orchestra, which has just completed an engagement at the Biltmore Hotel in Dayton, Ohio, will furnish music for the dance. Tickets priced at one dollar may be purchased at Deac’s, Southworth’s, the west desk of the Union, or from any “P” man. (Continued on page 4)
Boilermakers To Meet Strong Defensive Team In Badger Tilt
PROBABLE LINEUPS
PURDUE
Sprowl oif Igney F Blanken F Fisher C.....
Beretta (Capt.) Yeager
WISCONSIN Schwartz * Anderson or Nelson
England
-G Rnndell -G Strain
Hoping to continue along the upset-strewn path to Big Ten glory, the Boilermaker net forces will tangle with Bud Foster’s Wisconsin quintet on the Fiddhouse hardwood tonight. The Riveter netmen will be fighting hard to remain among the ranks of the undefeated conference teams, an aggregatiomxhat has already dwindled to the status of a trio. Indiana and Michigan, the other two niembers of the select three, will come up against Minnesota and Iowa respectively.
Badgers Hopeful
Riveter Ring Kings Crowned In Golden Gloves Eliminations For over two hours, 500 fight fans, packed into improvised bleachers in the Fieldhouse, saw 24 boys battling with all they had for the privilege of representing the Gold and Black in the Lafayette Golden Gloves tourney, scheduled for next month. At the end of the last bout, there was not one man in the audience but what was convinced that he had witnessed some
tough scraps. Novices R. E. pounds and John
Musk Room
. . . will present Frank Triboulet, tenor from West Lafayette, in one of the regular programs sponsored by the Student Union. The program will be in the light classical mood and will start at 4 p. m.
CHANGE OF SCHOOLS Students who expect to change from one school within the University to another at the end of the present semester are advised to obtain the necessary blanks at once from the Registrar’s office. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar.
Co-ed Hours Co-ed hours during the final examination period and until the beginning of the second semester will be as follow: Wicdnesday and Thursday, January 17 and 18,11 o’clock; Friday and Saturday, 1 o’clock as usual. From Sunday, January 21, to and including Thursday, January 26,11 o’clock hours; Friday and Saturday, 1 o’clock. Beginning Sunday, January 28 until Thursday, February 1,12 o’clock. On Thursday 11 o’clock hours wiU begin again. These regulations were made by the Women’s Self-Govern-ment Judicial Board.
Dilts at 134 McRae at 133
pounds, opened up the evening’s card. Both boys came out scrapping, and the first round was a whirlwind affair. The boys tired quickly however, and about the middle of the second round, Dilts’ superior footwork and a flickering left, were a little too much for the tired Mc-
Rae.
Threlfall Repeats Bout number two moved up from the novice class into the open class with Warren Hickman, at 133 pounds, pitted against last year’s finalist Johnnie Threlfall, at 126 pounds. The early stages of the bout were mostly taken up with the two boys feeling each other out; but then, at the beginning of the second round, Threlfall opened up the heavy artillery. In spite of a fairly tight defense, Hickman was forced to fall back before sheer aggressiveness and superior punching power. This will make the second time in as many years that Threlfall steps into the squared circle over on the other side of the river in Golden Gloves competition. The next fight on the card was one of the most thrilling of the evening, with two Golden Gloves veterans, John Pyle and Jimmy Beers, fighting it out at 136 pounds. The battle was tied up in every respect till the closing minute of the second round, when Beers landed what appeared to be a stunning blow with a left jab. The third round was Beer most of the way, with Pyle shoving in only a few hard blows. Barlow Wins Close One Battle number three was back in the novice class with 124 pound Jack Barlow squaring off with 120 pound A1 Chun for a close scrap for the entire three rounds. Barlow won the bout by virtue of a aggressive attack in the third round. , 169 pound John Wilcox fell before 161 pound Joe Lewellyn in the next scrap, which was an open class affair. Footwork and power seemed evenly distributed throughout, but (Continued on page 3)
Over 500 Couples . . . danced to the music of Ace Brigode and his Virginians last night at the annual Foresters Ball held in the Union Ballroom. Featured vocalist with the orchestra was Ruth Hunt, who provided the entertainment for the dancing
couples.
Pyke's Orchestra Headlines Today's Campus Varieties Appearing for the first time on Campus Varieties, Don Pyke’s orchestra will be the headlining attraction of the day when the program takes the air over WBAA from 3 to 4 this afternoon. Providing the comedy of the show will be Benny Burns and Bill Dunshee. Though Benny is known for his comic roles on previous Variety programs, Dunshee has given out with his comic words and actions in his position as head yell leader. Benny will al?o sing to the accompaniment of Russ Mock at the piano. E. Joyce, accordianist, Jim Mckillip, Frank Kuhn, and the trio, Russ, Bob, and Dick, will complete the line-up for the afternoon. Originating in the grill lounge as usual, the program will be open to the public and will present many novel and ingenious arrangements
of songs.
Students planning to attend the program are urged to come to the grill lounge before time for the broadcast to start in order to eliminate much confusion and excessive
Symphonic Band Will Present Year's First Concert Tomorrow
Sgt. R. W. Bond, Top Sgt. P. E. Hassler, and Capt. G. A. Heidbreder, pictured above in that order, will be one of the highlights of the Purdue symphonic band’s concert tomorrow afternoon. The triple-tonguing cornet trio will present Paul Henneberg’s “Triplets of the Finest.”
Purdue symphonic band, consisting of 90 selected men from the military band, will present its first afternoon concert of the new year tomorrow at 2:30 p. m., in the Jefferson High School gymnasium. There will be no admission charge. Under the .direction of Prof. “Spotts” Emrick, who has been in charge for nearly 30 years, the band will open the concert with “Largo,” by Handel. An interpretation of V. F. Safranek’s “Suite from Atlantis” will follow “Largo” on the program. Atlantis was a great continent which was the home of a race of men who conquered and civilized
the world, after which the continent suddenly disappeared into the Atlantic ocean. Following a short intermission, the symphonic band will play “Procession of the Knights of the Holy Grail,” from Richard Wagner’s “Parsifal,” portrasnng a legend of the knights of the Holy Grail. In honor of Johann Strauss, “The King of Waltzes,” the band will next play a selection “Waltzes” from “Die Fledermaus.” The final number of the program will be Weber’s “Overature to Ober-
The Badgers have broken even in their first two conference endeavors, and will invade the local floor with high hopes of adding another mark to their victory coliunn. Against Chicago, the team that was just barely nosed out by the highlytouted mini five, the Wisconsin squad came up with one of the best defensive games seen arotmd these parts in a long time. As a between-halves feature of the game tonight, gold football charms, engraved with the scores of the victories over Northwestern and Indiana last fall, will be presented to the major lettermen on the 1939 gridiron sqna^. In Bob Schwartz, the northern lads will present one of the leading scorers of the Big Ten, while Gene Englimd is admittedly one of the best defensive players in the league. Englund scored 16 points against Michigan last Monday night and Schwartz is in fourth place in the Western Conference scoring scramble. Riveter Line-up The Lambertmen will probably start against the invaders with much the same line-up that has already trampled two of the Big Ten’s best teams. Captain Fred Beretta and Elwood Yeager will have charge of -the guard posts, while Dan Fisher, another veteran, will hold down his customary job at center. Sprowl and Blanken, flashy sophomores, and Bob Igney, who scored 16 of Purdue’s 30 points in one of last year’s battles with the Badgers, will split up the forward positions between them. One of the significant reasons for the Boilermaker successes so far this season has been the ability of the Riveters to have an array of players who really know how to swish the leather through the draperies. Although the Gold and Black forces lead the Big I’en in scoring, not one of Piggy’s boys rainks among the first eight individual scorers. Frosty Sprowl is the leading Boilermaker point getter with 19 tallies. The Lambertmen instead of banking on one or two sharpshooters have an army of players who can be counted on for 3 or 4 field goals apiece. Defensive Team Local fans will have an opportunity to see two different brands of basketball tonight, as Wisconsin depends chiefly on set plays, rebound sti-ength, and defensive play, while the Riveters rely on a fast breaking offense. The Badgers wiU bring with them one of the tallest teams in the middle west, and a few of their boys, namely Schwartz, Englimd, and 'Timmerman have to du<* to get into the Fieldhouse. In the last game before finals set in, the Boilermakers wiU face Minnesota here on Monday night. The Gophers boast of a faster, but smaller quintet than Purdues’, something which has been rather rare this season. In their two games so far this year the lads from Minneapolis have soundly troimced Iowa and lost a toughie to Northwestern.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday/ January 13/ 1940
Final Examinations
... once more take over the academic calendar starting next week, and once again black cdlfee consumption on the campus will hit a new high. Finals always furnish handy material for the college paper editorial writer, however, and the collegiate press periodically breaks out in a rash of pre-final editorials entitled “^^y Wait?”, “Study Now,” or “Balance Study With Recreation.” Last Spring the Exponent conducted a poll among faculty members to dettermine just what thej’^ thought of the examination system. For-ty-seven per cent voted to abolish final exams, and 60 per cent were dissatisfied with the present system. Out of 400 questionnaires sent out, approximately one-half were returned.
Five plans alternative to the present situation were included in the poll. Questions and percentage answers were as follows:
(1) Do you think that an oral quiz by a board of instructors in each department should be substituted for the present written finals wherever the size of the department permits? Yes, 14.8 per cent; no^ 85.2 per cent. (2) Should tests during the year be entirely eliminated and class attendance be made optional with the pupil being allowed to take the final, written or oral, at any time he feels he has satisfactorily learned the required work? Yes, 5.7 per cent; no, 94.3 percent. (3) Should final examinations be entirely eliminated and the semester grade be determined entirely by class work plus a series of tests to be given at regular periods during the semester? Yes, 47.3 per cent; no, 52.7 per cent. (4) Should the semester -grade be determined by an average taken from daily quizzes, entirely eliminating finals? Yes, 14.8 per cent; no, 85.2 per cent. (5) Should the present system be continued with a change from letter to numerical grades? Yes, 9 per cent; no, 91 per cent. (6) Do you favor the continuance of the present system without alterations? Yes, 40.5 per cent ;no, 59.5 per cent.
Leading reason for opposition to finals is that cost in time and emotional strain on the student is beyond their value. "
Much as we dislike the intensive work required for final examinations, from the standpoint of really learriirig something we believe the final is a\ valuable study-tool in giving the student the chance to review and correlate the course as a whole: The final grade should be a grade on what the student knows at the end of the semester, and what he has actually gotten out of the course. We are opposed to finals which degenerate into a mere memory exercise of formulae and factual data.
Neither the oral quiz nor elimination-of-all-tests system meet with general approval. While the latter method is practiced at the University of Chicago, it would not be adaptable to Purdue’s curricula of technology, science, and agriculture.
One of the major drawbacks to the present final examination system is that the student never has an opportunity to “work over” his final and discuss errdrs in a class session. Itmight be possible to give finals during the last two regular class periods, but this would involve a heavy physical and mental strain for those students who had .five or six different subjects to study for in those last few days.
In the meantime, finals still start next week. So budget your time, and don’t leave everything for last-minute cram-sessions. Use the Fieldhouse and Memorial Gymnasium for healthful relief from study periods. Why wait ? Study now. .Balance study with recreation!
But
By Vladimir
Yesterday -we heard a couple of the Dead End kids talking- over the radio. It seems they are in Indianapolis now. One of them remarked that he had started out on the trip around the country alone (with the gang, of course) but had soon sent for his mother. The fellow he was interviewing admitted a similar procedure.
Somehow that seemed significant to us. We guess it is just one of the privileges of the blessed. To just up and send'for one of their parents whenever they please. With us it’s the other way around. But then -we still send our laundry home, too.
But ^we DO get lonely . . . especially for that car that comes or goes with the head of the family.
This space is reserved for the member of the Speech department who, when the conversation turned to red fingernails, said, “Sui-e, men make fools of themselves, but women carry it further.” HE agrees with the recent one-fraternity poll.
Was it Smilin’ Jack Walters that recommended students to get around and rub elbows with as many other people as possible.? We’re sorry, but our sweater sleeves are thin enough, just from leaning on desks. Couldn’t we change it to rubbing noses. Like the Eskimoes.
)
In view of the poll, it might be an interesting experiment if the faculty should next year, or next, semester, eliminate finals and give a grade based on class work plus a series of hourly tests. Neither student reaction, faculty reaction, nor the value of teaching under such conditions can be fully determined until this system is tried.
All of which reminds us of a college paper columnist who claimed that drinking tomato soup out of a paper plate was like trying to kiss a Ubangi in a high wind. He had been on a picnic. Speaking of picnics, we’d like to call your attention to a certain co-educational organization with an office in the Union building. While'rummaging through thh treasurer’s records,just for fun (and loose change), we found a bill from Loeb’s, itemized as follows; 2 brassieres $ .50 Hose .79 Dress ... ..: 3.28 Red turban :..... 1.00 / (November 20, 1939) We think it needs, explanation., Just what is a student organization going to do with a red turban? That’s what’s bothered us. We reprinted the other items merely as information for the freshmen who are about to get into some activity. When we went out for an activity, no one told us there were any like THIS. Or we’d have joined. Winter Is Not Over . . . and with the current cold and damp weather, germs are lurking behind every corner waiting to pounce on the unsuspecting students. Many of us, in the last minute rush before final examinations creep up over the horizon, are apt to forget this fact. In keeping well we have not only a duty to ourselves, but to the community as a whole. For once it gets a foot-hold, disease spreads. If there is something wrong with you, take care of yourself and DON’T pass it on to the next fellow. Think how you would feel if he gave you what he has. Regular visits to the Health Service are not compulsory but perhap's they should be. Many of us would probably be a lot better off with a regular check-up. If you aren’t feeling well, drop over and see one of the doctors at the Health Service. He may scare you but he won’t bite. He has been placed there by the University to help you. Go ahead and laugh ... See if we care . . . but we’ll be seeing you ... in the hospital— J. C. W.
Brownscombe, '09
Gains High Position
William T. Brownscombe, ME ’09, has recently been selected as president and member of the board of directors of the Follansbee Steel Company in McKeesport, Pa.
Brownie, as he was affectionately known by his numerous friends on the campus, was a member of the Debris staff, cross-country club, and the American Society of Mechanical Engineers.
After leaving the University, Brovrascombe taught for two years at Pennsylvania State College, and worked for a time with United States Steel Company in Gary, Ind., and then for seven years with the tin mill department of Jones and Laughlin in McKeesport.
Now PLAYING
Those colorful days when a stormy love wrote the songs America took to its heart forever!
AMECHE-LEEDS-JOISON
"A Day At Treasure Island" All Color Travel Talk
FEUX BRESSART • CHICK CHANDLER RUSSELL HICKS GEORGE REED HALL lOHNSON CHOIR
Somebody finally came thru with a contrib ... if you had left your name or address R. C. L. we would have gladly given you a DOUBLE MARS PASS. Anyway here is your Hit Parade.
-B & B-
HIT PARADE
“I only want-a Buddy Not a Sweetheart”—^Bob Meihaus. “In the Mood”—Tot McQueen “Cut Down the Ole Pine Tree”— Jim Williams “Scatterbrain” — Marge Baumgart “The Man That Comes Around” ^—Any DEBRIS Salesman “I Pound a New Baby”—Bill Neff “Does Your Heart Beat E’er Me” —Benny Burns “Careless”—Johnny Dean “Faithful Forever”—Bil Dunshee “You Must Have Been a Beautiful Baby”—Viv Dickerson “The Little Fox”—Dave Rankin “My Prayer”—Ginny Royce
—B & B-
CONFUCIUS SAY . . .
“Man that sit in electric chair get amps in pants,” “Mail and woman on hillside, man not on level.” “Woman that buy corset get taken in.”
—B & B-
Things are pretty dull when we have to resort to wise (?) sayings ... anyway they sound original.
-B & B—
Don’t bother asking Miss Peterson (call her “Lil”) how she enjoyed her Florida trip . . . she remains non commital except for one phrase, quote I had lots of fun, unquote.
—B & B—
We are probably wandering out of our department again but it would seem wise to us if the university would start a marriage bureau in connection with the new marriage course . . . on trying to sign up in the new course we found that 300 other students had the same idea. Beware my friends, you might get hooked . . . or is there a guarantee “agin it.”
-B & B—
Don’t forget the basketball game tonight. . . after the game you may as well let your date suck you in on the “P”-Men’s Dance. Just to show “Fielder’s Choice” that we ain’t just socially minded . . . we predict Purdue by 14 points.
STARTS TONITE 11:30 P. M. THE STORY THAT
today —
KAY KYSER And His College of Musical Knowledge — IN — That's Right You're Wrong
Session
£Jthjik. £diJtA.
By Hank Miller
Editor's Note: Letters pnblldt^ In this' column are’the opinion of the person snbmittintr them and de not. necessarily represent the policy of the Exponent. Students snbmittinK letters should sicn their names bnt they will not be printed if they so desire. Letters may be tamed in at the Exponent box at the west Union desk.
Dear Bull,
Recently as a member of a Speech 14 class, I was required to hand in an outline for a four minute speech. Due to the short time in which I had to prepare this outline, I was unable to originate one of my own. I had at hand one written and turned in by another student several years ago. His outline was marked with the grade of “A.” Although it is not my policy to use some other person’s work, the conditions required that I use his outline. X I handed the outline in at the scheduled time, fully expecting to receive a grade equivalent to that appearing on the original outline. Much to my surprise it was returned to me with the grade of “P.” It also contained the comment “Poor material,” while the original had beeirmarke4.^eTy g^d.” Furthermore the valuKsf-^e subject matter had not changed during the lapse of time since the original was written.
Don’t let anybody tell you that these Rural Youth aren’t on the ball. Yesterday we were inter"' viewing one of them and he said that he was a ventriloquist and an impersonator, consequently, we told him to go ahead and imitate someone. He started out with Bob BuTns and was going along very well. Finally, as Burns, he started to tell about a woman he had met and how big a flirt she was. “"Why she has been in more laps than a cafeteria napkin.” We changed the subject.
The ag conference, as usual, drew radio stations to the Campus. Last week WLW originated a half hour show from Fowler Hall and this week cut several records pertaining to the conference. WLS originated a half hour of its daily Dinner Bell Program from the campus on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday.
This is a typical example of the differences of opinion among .instructors in the English and Speech departments as to the relative merits of themes and speeches. This example I have presented is not especially unusual, since reports received from other students, show that this is a repeated occurrence in these departments. One instructor will mark a theme or speech with a high grade, while another marks the same material that is barely passing. Is this fair to the students ?
Under the present system one student receives high marks, while another of equal ability receives grades that are much lower. These grades are then recorded and are supposed to show the relative merit of the two students. Furthermore employers use these records when they come to the University to hire graduating students. While the example given above is very dishonest and is to be condemned, it was used to show how different instructors mark two entirely different themes having equal merit.
Today at 3 p. m., the last regular Campus Varieties program, of this semester will take the air. Today will mark the last appearance of the Trio, Russ, Bob, and Dick. The boys have worked up many novel arrangements of tunes in the; past and will top all previous efforts, with their performance on today’s show. Another group that appeared on the shoi^ regularly, Charlie and the Girl Friends, made their last appearance last week. One of the girls, Arsepe Summers, has gone to Chicago. Campus Varieties next week will present the Exam Special. No script, no planned program. Everybody who has ever appeared on thie show before and does not have a final is expected to be there to help dispell the gloom that will be hanging over the campus by that time.
Subscribe for The EXPONENT
You can’t catch me.
R. I. T.
umifisiM STARTS SUNDAY
PARAMOUHl PRESEHl
GinUVEIS TRAVEU
A Full-length Feature Cartoon
Last Times Today
BASIL RATHBONE BORIS KARLOFF — IN — 'The Tower of London'
LUMA
SUN. - MON
GroMbo • Chico -Harpo MARX BROS. AT THE CIRCUS Heawt BAKER » norenee RICE
PLUS—2ND FEATURE
Paramount presents
— WITH — Louise Campbell - Wm. Henry
Last Times Today —
CHARLES STARRETT — IN — 'TWO FISTED RANGER'
ALSO
PRESTON FOSTER ANN DVORAK — IN — 'CAFE HOSTESS'
ARC
Last Times Today'
— AND — GORDON OLIVER
JUNE TRAVIS —IN — 'MARINES ARE HERE" — ALSO —
-SUNDAY - MONDAYMAISiE RIDING ON AIR IITTERBUG FOLLIES^
iv-
r.
■4'' v"
)
^urdoy, Icmuory 1.0, 1840
£xpmuufiL fiaqsL
Golden Gloves ^ (Continued from page 1) a tiring Wilcox finally had to back H up in the third round. / ^ Novice Carl Potenza at 126 pounds, then proceeded to rush Hawaiian Ed Miyamasu around the 1 ring at a 60 mile-an-hour clip for three straight rounds. Speed and a lightning jab were just a wee bit too much for the Hawaiian to « handle, and the decision went to Potenza. Deaf Lad Wins The seventh bout of the evening ^ featured A1 Johnson and Jo© Faber, both at 149 pounds, in the open class classification. Here again, superior aggressiveness told the tale, and ^ Johnson had to cover up. An interesting sidelight on victor Joe Faber is the fact that he cannot hear. He could not hear the bell, and re-
“^eived the referees instructions by reading his lips. Bob Youkey. at 148 pounds was the next victor, finally winning out over hard fighting Bob McKenzie, who weighed 149. The last round was the deciding factor, wiih McKenzie being driven to the canvas. Novice Ray Simmons, exhibiting excellent footwork and a wicked left, then proceeded to whip Darrell McLoud. Both boys weighed in at 148 pounds. Courtney, at, 144 pounds, had the upper hand in th© tenth bout of the evening, outboxing and outmaneuvering his opponent, Carl, and landing hard blows consistently. At this point, 186 pound Mel Holleb, who will represent Purdue in the Golden Gloves up in Chicago, was introduced. Technical Knockout The next bout, though in the novice class, was the most thrilling spectacle of the evening. Dewitt Wewee finally^ won on a technical
’T Men
Defensive Star
The P-Men ticket committee announced last night that ali cash mad unsold tickets for the Blanket Hop must be turned fn today at the west desk of the ICnion between 1 and 4 p. m. to Dick Johnson or Allen Gaulke.
knockout in the second round, when, with a hard right, he sept his opponent, Andrews, to the canvas. In the final bout of the evening, 173 pound Oscar Grab outboxed and outslugged 170 pound Jimmy Connor to a three round decision. Officials for the evening were as follows: Referees, “Pimchy” Maxwell, Ray Wood, and Larry Lyles. Timekeeper, A1 Rossi; seconds, Roxie Miner and Larry Hines. The rounds were two minutes each, with three rounds per match.
Il ^
hi
Don't Be a Sucker!! If youVe lost something— If you want to buy—;swap—sell or rent something, Use the Classified Ad Section
m
the Purdue Exponent
Business Phone 5038
We re On The Way! TWO DOWN--BIG TEN CROWN TO GO We’ve got a fine start toward the Big Ten Championship. A good season is ahead for us. Be sure you’re on the Victory Band Wagon. Come out and support your team. Before traveling to the out-of-town games, come in and let us check and ‘‘rejuvinate” your car.
Peter Anderson Garage
525 Alabama 24 Hour Service
Phone 4048 After You We Come First
Swimming And W^er Polo Tearns Face Strong Foes First in the parade of Big Ten foes to face the Boilemu^ers this season, Northwestern’s dangerous water pdio and swimming teams will arrive at the Boilermaker’s puddle this afternoon to trade splashes with Coach Dick Papenguth’s band of not too experienced tankmen. The first event will begin at 2:30 with the student admission charge standing at 25 cents with the presentation of passport. Admission for non-students is 40 cents.
. . . John Rundell, number one Badger guard, is a cool steady senior who likes to play the backcourt much better than the slashing type of guard play. However, he has the power to drive through and Coach Bud Foster rates him as the best defensive guard on the Wisconsin squad which faces a red hot Boilermaker combination in the Fieldhouse tonight. Local Racquet Men Face Squash Stars From Indianapolis Members of the Indianapolis Athletic Club squash team will provide competition for the Riveter racquet men in a meet this afternoon at two in the Fieldhouse. Thirteen Indi-' anapolis business men who wield squash rackets as a spare time occupation are to make up the Athletic Club’s team, and the thirteen scheduled matches should give the local squash players plenty of activ-
ity.
Last year’s state squash champ, Henry Langesinkamp, Dan Morse, who was a member of the Boilermaker squash team four years ago, and Dr. Geller, who is usually very successful in his matches, are among the men from Indianapolis that are likely to offer the Riveter players more than a little trouble. Unlike most other Boilermaker athletic teams, the squash team is made up of rnembers of the faculty as well as of the student body. Until recent years the squash team consisted exclusively of faculty members, but student interest in squash has grown greatly and at the present time more than half the members of the team are students. Everhard, Morley, Blessing, Munro, MacMillen, Mann, Bond, and Adams are the students that are to play tomorrow.
patdsifdL Qhjoks. By Robert J. Deckard
Having shifted his Wisconsin net outfit around all during the past week to find a quintet that he hopes will have some degree of success in stopping the lightning thrusts of the Boilermaker five. Coach Bud Foster, nevertheless, speaks of tonight’s game with a note of pessimism. —^fc— The Badger coach, according to reports emanating from Madison, expected that this team would be given the fastest rush of the season, both on defense and offense tonight, and, in an effort to keep the Boilermaker engine out of gear, he has devoted most of his workouts this week toward developing speed. —^fc— As speed is mostly a natui’al element, he fears that his efforts will not be of much avail and that his boys will have to depend a lot upon sheer fight to bowl over the Rivet-
ers.
—^fc— While he is happy concerning his team’s improvement in its last two games, Foster, nevertheless, believes it lacks the balance which it will need to take in tonight’s encounter with the Boilermaker quintet, known annually as the fastest quintet in conference circles. •—fc— Foster also realizes that the Boilermakers have made the most of their speed dividends and Coach Piggy Lambert has accumulated some players who make most of the past Purdue quintets look like secand raters . . . . —^fc— Also he knows that the Boilermakers just try to outrun their opponents, and so far they have had more than moderate success with this plan ... In order to curtail the.. Boilermakers’., scoring., habit while barreling down the hardwood, Foster has turned his attention to the guard corps . . . • —^fc— But he is up against it ... In Strain and Rundell, he has two veteran guards who handle the ball well, but who have great deal of difficulty in scoring . . . Bob and Ed Scheiwe, sophomores, have the shooting eyes, but the Badger mentor fears that they will not react fast enough to the defensive “rush” that he expects from the Boilermakers. —^fc— But in the fonyard department, Foster can be justifiably proud in Bob Schwartz . . . Schwartz, a senior is the most consistent scorer on the Badger squad and figures to keep his work tonight... Bob is an ambidextrous goal - getter, being able to shoot well with either hand. —^fc— At the center post, he is again proud of one of his pupils . . . This Badger post is the property of Gene Englund, a sharp shooter who split the nets against the Michigan Wolverines last week for a total of 16 points . . . The big pivot man will be the center of some of the new formations handed out bjr Coach Poster this week and is expected to have another big evening here in the Purdue goalry. —^fc— But Coach Bud Poster still warbles on Lake Mendota with a tone of pessimism.
Out For Revenge The revengeful Riveter aggregation will depend largely on sophomores for the strength to battle Coach Tom Robinson’s Wildcat . swimmers. Last year at Evanston the Wildcats easily overcame the Riveters, 62 to 29, by belting all but one first, while their water polo team proved themselves in a different class from the Boilermakers by winning handily. But with the advancement of over a half a dozen standout sophomores to the front this year, the complexion of Riveter chances seems much enhanced. . IVo of the liveliest events of the meet will be the 220 and 440 yard free style races. In those events Northwestern will insert its captain and perhaps the outstanding man on the squad, Lyrm Surles. He will be supported by Bitting in the drive for Wildcat points when they line up against Siler and Graham, Riveter senior aces. Captain Surles also swjms the 60 yard free style. Speed Merchants Another speedy race is in prospect in the 50 yard free style number. Northwestern’s Dick Fahrbach is very dangerous in this event, but his strength will be given a , severe test by Dick Kratzer, one of the sophomore bright spots. Some sterling diving will be featured in the Wildcat attack with Tommy Powell, sixth ranking intercollegiate diver last year, executing some near-perfection dives from both the high board and low board, although the latter is his specialty. Riveter Veterans Inexperience is quite a handicap to the Riveter water polo team with only four of last year’s team, Siler, Graham, Abolin, ana Moller, seeing action this season. This afternoon’s water polo match with the Wildcats will be ■ the first of three meets scheduled for this campaign. ' But while Purdue suffers from lack of experience, the Wildcats will plunge into the pool with a veteran team, one that rated second to Chicago in the Big Ten meet last year. It is captained by Bob Newman, who also has chores on the swimming team. The polo match will be staged immediately following the swimming meet. LaBree Referees . LaiTy LaBree, former aquatic coach and present tennis coach, has -been named as referee and starter for the swimming events. The coach of the Wildcat swimming probably tops almost all college nientors in number of years of active coaching. With thirty-one campaigns behind him, Robinson can almost tell a good swimming prospect by the way his toes curl up, and can rightfully be called the father of the water sport at Northwestern, Ten of his teams have captured Big Ten championships in the eventful thirty-one seasons, and nine of his proteges have made their way to Olympic honors. Frosh To Meet Prior To Activity Call-outs In ordei^ to help orient the freshmen in the ^Id of extra-curricular activity, the Activities Bureau is sponsoring the annual freshman mass meeting in Fowler Hall from 4 to 6 p. m., February 9, the second Friday in the new semester. The meeting, held to prepare the frosh for the regular second semester activity call-outs, will consist of movies and talks. The movies, shown for the first time, were taken last year by the Activities Biureau and consist of pictorial demonstrations of the doings in the various activities. The talks wilPbe given by Professor J. E. Walters, who will discuss the personnel department’s view on activities, and Althea Jorgeson. Activities Bureau Director, who will present the student’s view-
point.rfX
«?%
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Saturday# January 13# 1940
Blanket Hop
(Continued from pasre 1)
Informality Is Theme In keeping with the theme of informality will be the program-fa-vors which are made of black wool blanket material decorated with a gold ‘T” monogram. Everyone is urged to come to the dance directly after the basketball game. Gold and Black “P” blankets, to be awarded to athletic letter-earn-ers, will be bought with the proceeds from the dance. The remainder of the money will be used for the upkeep of the “P” man’s room in the tower of the Pieldhouse. Personnel Nates COMPANY: Commonwealth Edison Company, 72 West Adams Street, Chicago, Illinois. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. M. J, Maiers, of the Training Division. VISITING PURDUE:, Tuesday and Wednesday, February 6th and 7tb. INTERVIEWING: S e n i o r s in electrical , mechanical, and public service engineering. Graduates employed by this company will enter a training program leading to engineering, operation, design, sales, commercial work, maintenance or construction. The training course wil last one year, consisting of departmental assignments and some classroom work. Copies of bulletins describing the training program and the company may be found in the main offices of the schools listed. Those interested in employment with this public utility should sign up. All signers must then fill out a company application blank in the Personnel Office before January 24. MID-SEMESTER GRADE: Mr. Richard Haugh, Manager, State Employment Service, North Fourth Street, Lafayette, Indiana, has advised that there is an opening in a company in Ohio for a mechanical engineer who is a college graduate and who is in good physical condition. The starting salary will be $25.00 per week. The company manufactures pumping equipment and supplies. Mid-semester graduates who are interested, should interview Mr. Haugh at once. COMPANY: Chicago Telephone Supply Company, Elkhart, Indiana. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. B. S. Turner, Director of Personnel. Mr. Turner has written the Personnel Service, advising that he has openings for two or three graduates in mechanical or electrical engineering at mid-semester. This company specializes in the manufacture of radio equipment. A training course of about nine months is available to new employees. Engineering employees would expect to receive training and then move into the sales, production, or engineering department. Mid-semester graduates who are interested should sign up in the main office of the electrical or mechanical engineering school, and should also apply directly to Mr. Turner, furnishing detailed information regarding themselves. Qualification blanks are available in the Personnel Service for those who wish to include a record of themselves in their letter to Mr. Turner. COMPANY: Transcontinental and Western Air, Inc., 10 Richards JRoad, Kansas City, Missouri, (TWA). Mr. L. M. Reed, personnel manj ager, has written to request that college graduates in science and engineering, who are interested in entering the air transport administration work, be selected and recommended to him. Mr. Reed is particularly interested in mid-year graduates for work in the sales and service divisions of his organization. Those interested please sign up in the main office of their school for consideration. COMPANY: B. F. Goodrich Company, Akron, Ohio, manufacturers of automobile tires and industrial rubber products. REPRESENTATIVE: Bert S, Taylor, general superintendent of the processing division. VISITING PURDUE: Wednesday, February 28. INTERVIEWING: Seniors in chemistry, chemical and mechanical engineering. This company wishes to employ men for production, operation, design, maintenance and construction. A training course is available to new employees. Those
41 Band Members Earn Promotions For Musical Ability Announcement of advancements in rank of 41 University Military Band members was made last night by Prof. "Spotts” Emrick, band director. Honorary degrees of musicianship al’e given in order to recognize superior ability in music according to Professor Emrick. Each man receiving a title will also receive an appropriate medal. Highest Honor The following members have earned the rank to which they are appointed: Master Musician—C. A. Heidbreder; Chief Musicians—J. T. Agnew, J. N. Tait, H. A. Todd; Superior Musicians—R. A. Krull, O. C. Hathaway, R. W. Bonner, V. T. Hitchcock, I. R. Dudley, M. H. Smith, P^. E. Hassler. Principal Musicians — J. L. Hackleman, J. E. Grim, R. C, Knight, H. L. Minkler, V. E. Dietlich, J. G, Martin, N. V. Benedict, A. L. Clifford, C. R. Watson, H. J. Massingham, R. W. Bond, N. H. Englehart, J. M. Hannon, C. C. Wan, L. J. Hess. Musicians Musicians—R. A. Hogue, W. V. Fitzsimmons, P. J. Fenn, L. W. Mayhak, C. W. Cook, C. G. Moon, R. J. Coers, R. K. Gast, D. V. Moffett, H. 0. Loper, R. W. Hicks, H. P. Wentling, W. H. Leukhardt, W. G. Lindstrom, A. O. Flackbert.
interested should sign up in the main office of their school or department. COMPANY: I n g e r s o 11 Rand Company, 11 Broadway, New York City, manufcturers of air compressors, diesel engines. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. J. H. Dillon, technical personnel director. VISITING PURDUE: Tuesday and Wednesday, February 6 and 7. INTERVIEWING: Mechanical I and electrical engineering seniors who are in the first quarter of their class in scholarship, who have good personalities and who are not under 6 ft. 9 in. in height. This company wishes to employ engineers for training as sales engineers. Literature is available in the main office of the schools mentioned. Those interested should read this information, and sign up for consideration. COMPANY: Armstrong Cork Company, Lancaster, Pennsylvania. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. J. J. Evans, Jr., personnel manager, and Mr. George Kittridge, assistant personnel manager. VISITING PURDUE: Monday and Tuesday, February 12 and 13. INTERVIEWING: Chemical, electrical, mechanical engineering and science seniors, graduate students and juniors in the above-list-ed schools. A detailed bulletin is posted in the office of the chemical, electrical, mechanical engineering and science schools. Those interested please read this bulletin carefully, and sign up for consideration.
JonufUtow JhiL QhwuduUL Presbyterian and Congregational Churches Morning Program—at Central Presbyterian Church, Lafayette. 9:30 a. m. Student Class—Led by Dr. Graves. 10:40 a. m. Morning Worship. Sermon by Dr. Graham. Music furnished by the Choir. Evening Program—^at Westminster House. 6:00 p. m. Sunday Evening Forum. Supper will be served. Methodist Students 8:00 a. m. Freshman Commission Breakfast. 9:30 a. m. Co-ed Department at the Foundation. “Conflicting Ideals” —Mrs. McFadden. 9:30 a. m. Men’s Student Class at the church. “Jesus and Economic Problems.” 10:40 a. m. Serman by Dr. Steele on “Broken Bread” 6:00 p. m. Fellowship Supper at the Foundation. Open to all. 6:30 p. m. University Epworth League. “Report of the Toronto Conference”—Bob Belcher. Roger Williams Club West Lafayette Baptist Church 9:30 a. m. Class. Dean M. L. Fisher teacher. 10:35 a. m. Church Worship Sermon by Joseph Baird Gleason “How would you wi-ite the Commandment number eight?” 5:30 p. m. Roger Williams Club Home Hour and lunch (lOc) 6:30 p. m. Discussion group. Debate, “Resolved: that the Honor System is Desirable.” Two freshmen, Laurence Wile and John Peters. Two graduates, Robert Showalter and Paul Godfrey. 7:30 p. m. Evening Church Service. Dr. F.E. Schmidt To Speak On Disease Prevention In the interest of student education in connection with preventive medicine. Dr. F. E. Schmidt, of the Lederle laboratories, will supervise the showing of films on “Management of Pneumonia,” “Alergy,” and “Scarlet Fever” Monday, January 15, at 4:15 p. m., in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. The movies are open to all students and faculty members, and Dr. Schmidt will answer questions concerning the subjects covered. Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the student health service, has endorsed the films as “a fine opportunity for students to gain information concerning these diseases.” Marriage Course . . . applicants who signed for the new course before the regular blanks had been delivered to the vaiious offices at which they can now be obtained must return and fill out one of the applications. All applications must be in by Monday, January 16, at 4 p. m. Blanks are available at the offices of Dean Matthews, Dean Fisher, Dean Stratton, Dean Enders, Prof. 0. F. Hall, Prof. F. R. Eastwood, Prof. G. A. Young, and Dr. J. E. Walters.
Purdue' Exponent'
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Jewelers
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop QualHy Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
R. £. Iiwler W. E. Smith
Editor-in-Chief Business Manager
D. G. Terrio — .. Editorial Director G. W. Frederick „ Managring Editor E. M. Antonini Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling „ . Co-ed Editor R. Jenkins .. Sports Editor Phones: Editorial. 400d; Business, 6088; Sports, 2782 ' Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the x>ost office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1022. National Advertising Representatives: National Advertising Service, Ino., 420 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. Member Associated Collegiate Press. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director. Delivered by carrier, $8 per academic year; by mail, $8.60. Business office locate at 312 N. Fifth Street; editorial office. Union Building; sports office. Field House. This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint.
Distinguished Howitzer Saned: All Juniors who signed up for this competition read notice posted on bulletin board in Armory. (W8) ^ —FAULCONBR. P-Men: mediately Saturday, these tickets, house. (1-18)
PIA Board Members: There will be no ''more board meetings until second semester. —HINSHAW.
Please get tickets from me imto sell for Blanket Hop this Every R-Man should be oellbig Call at the Alpha CUi Rho —GAULKE. m Wesley Foundation: Roller skating party, Saturday night, January 18, after tim basketball game. Sign up at the Foundation. Tickets are 26c. ' —HONNE. Episcopal Students: The Seabury Club will meet for supper at 6 p. m. Sunday, January 14, at the west end of the Union Cafeteria. At 6:4B the group wiU go to Professor Shreve’s house to see his jewel collection. —LYLES.
Newman Club: Regular Communion Breakfast will not be held Sunday, January 14. —NESIUS.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting at 7:80 p. m. Tuesday, January 16, in room C in the Union. ' —FRANtZREB. Camera Club Members: February issue of Popular Photography is here. _ Copies may be obtained for IBc at the Union office. (1-19) —HOFFER.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting Saturday, January 18, at 1 p m. in room F of the Union Short but important, —BELLES
Modem Dance Group: Juniors and seniors meeting Monday, January 16, at 4 p m in the Women’s Gym Very important. Be there. —HICKMAN
Engineering Freshmen: All Engineering freshmen will meet in Fowler Hall Saturday, January 13, at 8 a. m. —KNAPP
Night Editor Issue Editor
Donahue Smith
Reamer Club: No more meetings this semester. Next meeting will bo held Monday, February 6, in room F of the Union —REILEY. Ag Chem Club: Open meeting Tuesday, January 16, 7 30 p. m Meet in library of Agricultural Chemistry building -HARPER
aassified Ads FOR SALE FOR SALE!—Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $^.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebmhoff, 606 Main street. FOR RENT QUIET ROOM in new fully insulated house. Innerspring mattress, continuous hot water; two blocks from Union. 806 S. Grant
Radio Club: Equipment exchange Tuesday, January 16, in room 264, EE building at 7 '30 p m Everyone invited —PITCHER
ROOM AND BOARD for two men students. $30.00 month. Desirable new home, continuous hot water, inner spring mattresses. 806 Vine. 76978. GENTLEMEN—^Rooms in new home for second semester. Twin beds, newly furnished. Very reasonable rent. Comer Sheets and Wood. Phone 46962.
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: All members who ordered keys can get them from Dr. Hunt. The memb^hip certificates are also available for new members. —SCHRADER.
P-Men: All cash and unsold tickets must be turned in today at the west Union desk between 1-4 p m to Dick Johnson or myself —GAULKE.
FOR RENT—Single and double room for men. One-half block from Union. 126 S. Grant Phone 81824.
Freshmen Engineers: Explanations for all absences from Engineering Lectures not previously reiiorted must be submitted to my office before Monday, January 15. —KNAPP.
Riding Club: Very important meeting on Sunday, January 14, at 6 p m in the Union The meeting will be very short and all are urged to attend. —MEYER
RUSS’ RENT-A-CAR SBBVKIB. Phone 71644 after 6 p. m. Minimum $8.00—$2.60. AU night.
SINGLE ROOM—Second semester; downstairs, next to bath. 410 Maple St. Phone 36683
Garden Club: Meeting Saturday night, January 13 after the game in Agriculturist office Discussion on required subjects —SHECKELL
ROOM FOR TWO—Continuous hot water. Shower $2 60 per week. 117 Chauncey. Phone 2722
Dolphin Club: Important meeting at pool immediately after swimming meet Saturday, January 18. —^HARRIS.
Modern Dance Groups: Junior and senior dance groups meet Monday, January 16, at 4 p m in the Women’s Gym. Very important Be there —HICKMAN
ENTERTAINMENT—For banquets, parties, etc , call Bob Pettindr, 27 University. 76724.
Crown Cleaned Clothes are done the way YOU like them. Send Us Your Dry Cleaning Today F~l W E C L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTHES
I'm the Little Man Who Wasn't \ There but You can find me or anything else you’ve lost in the Exponent Classified Section.
the Puidue Exponent
Business Phone 5038