r''«''/^ <5 * ■'j -frif ^ i » »
V ;i (' ' (>
j\
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Fair today and tomorrow; slowly rising temperature tomorrow.
Purdue Exponent
£4M
SATORDAY Februcay 4,1939 La&tyette, Indiaaaa VoLSO No. 105
Exchange Rings Up $3,200 Since Day Of Opening A total of $3,202.80 has been taken in by the Book Exchange since it opened for business three days ago. This average of $1,067.60 per day for the three day period far surpasses sales for a similar period during any of the former exchanges. Approximately $2300 of this money has been turned back to the owners of the books by exchange officials. Two thousand three hundred and seven books have been sold so far at an average price of $1.36 per
book.
Demand Exceeds Supply At no time has the supply of technical books equaled the demand for them and prospective customers have been turned away every day. It has been estimated that students receive approximately 10 per cent more for their books when they are sold through the exchange. It has also been estimated that students save about 20 per cent on the books they buy at the Exchange. - The Exchange will take up its activities in the reception room starting today and will carry on there until it closes on Tuesday, February 7. The Exchange will open at 8 a. m. as usual but will close at 5 p. m. instead of 8 p. m. as it did before yesterday. Exchange officials stated last evening that all books and money must be claimed before 5 p. m. Tuesday, Bill Martin Makes Air Debut Today Bill Martin and his orchestra will make their initial appearance on Campus Varieties today at 3 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Though the band appeared on the program many times under the leadership of Bud Bryant, this is the first appearance since A1 Kienly has been wielding the baton, Jo Friend will sing with the orchestra, while Pat Heine, Ben Burns, and Charlie Powell will supply the rest of the vocals. The Rhythm Three and Russ Mock will furnish the balance of the afternoon’s entertain-
ment.
A special feature of the afternoon will be a short dramatic skit written by Bob Shinn and built around the song “Just a Kid Named Joe»” WBAA officials invite all interested persons to attend the broadcast which is the first of the new semester. Six Teams Remain In Debate Competition Entering the first round six teams remain in the intramural debate competition, of the original sixtyfive which started. The six teams which remain in the <iuarter-finals are Alpha Chi Rho, affirmative vs. Terry House, negative; Beta, affirmative, vs. Sigma Alpha Mu; and Cary Hall N. W., affirmative, vs. Sigma Alpha Ep-
silon.
This round must be finished before February 9. One debate will be held to determine the finalists. The final debate will be held in Fowler Hall February 21, The question being debated is resolved : “That the new national labor law be repealed.” Elliott To Disembark In New York Feb. 9 According taProf. F. C. Hockema assistant to the president. President Elliott will land in New York City on February 9. The exact date which President Elliott will arrive in Lafayette is as yet unknown. In a letffer to Prof. Hockema the president stated that he planned to spend several days in New York and then take a train to Chicago or Indianapolis and complete his trip by auto.
Critics Rate Convo Artist Outstanding Alec Templeton, nationally famous blind pianist, will present a concert hour for students, faculty, and townspeople both Tuesday and Wednesday, February 7 and 8, iri the Memorial Gymnasium. „ A limited number of convocation tickets priced at one dollar each will be made available for townspeople at the door of the Gymnasium. The short course students may purchase tickets for 50 cents by presenting their registration cards. Edward Barry, Chicago Tribune’s music critic, stated concerning Templeton: “Templeton’s natural gift for music is the most astounding of any with which I have ever had personal contact. He has an active and aggressive mind that made it possible for him to obtain an excellent musical education before reaching manhood.” Huge Repertoire Templeton’s stupendous musical talent is revealed first of all in the huge repertoire of standard and of popular music which he has been able to master, even though all of this has had to be learned by ear with occasional references to the Braille arrangements. He is also noted for his improvisations. So thoroughly conversant is Alec Templeton with the different styles and even with the subtlest peculiarities of the various composers that he can take any sort of theme and play it so expertly in the manner of Mozart, Debussy, or Wagner, that the audience bursts into giggles of recogni-
tion.
Templeton’s superb interpretation of the masters, combined with his unusual talent for music in the modern mode, will undoubtedly make his appearance one of the highlights of the year’s convocation Schedule. Student Directors For Lab Theater Selected Jack Armitage and Bill Carr have been selected as the student directors for the first series of one act plays which are being produced by the Laboratory Theater. G. D, Williams is the general supervisor of this new group which is a branch of Playshop. Armitage will direct “Lighthouse Keepers,” a play dealing with the strange adventures of the men who tend the lonely beacons. Carr will direct a play entitled “J. Smith and Wife.” Tryouts for these two plays will be held tomorrow afternoon at 1:30 p. m. in Fowler Hall. All students who are interested are asked to report at this time.
Eleven Debaters Named To Places On Revamped Team Reorganization of the varsity debate team following tryouts has resulted in 11 men being selected for the squad, according to Prof. P. E. Lull, debate coach. Don Paarlberg heads the affirmative team consisting of Maurice Karnowsky, Mark Kene, Richard Spraker, and Mack White. Led by Bob Sasser, the negative speakers include Joe Yamamoto, Richard Springgate, Bert Boten, Bob Buckles, and Joe Quinlan. Working Hard According to Lull, both groups are working hard preparing to meet the Marquette College team February 14, for the first debate this semester. Topic for all debates will be, “Resolved; That the United States Should Cease the Expenditure of Public Funds, Including Credit, in an Attempt to Stimulate Business.” In other words, should we have governmental pump-priming ? Following the Marquette match will be the important Midwest Debate at Manchester College, February 24 and 25, which will be attended by several hundred teams from ^il the central states. Apparently last semester’s results were none too gratifying, for Prof. Lull when questioned would only vouchsafe, “The less said, the better.” However, most of the debates were non-decision practice affairs and will have no important bearing on the eventual ratings.
Swingleader...
Co-ed Rush Unrestricted; InformalityTo Be Keynote Sorority rushing for second semester will be absolutely unrestricted by Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council, announced Jean Stolz, president of the organized women’s governing body. Only requirement for entering this semester’s rushing is registration with Women’s Pan today, February 4. Registration fee will be 50 cents, and may be payed at the desk provided in the Union lobby between 1 and 4 p. m. Informality Will be the keynOtC Of
. . . Chuck Coe with the aid of his Purduvians and Nona Reedy will furnish music for the semester’s first mixer from 9 to 12 p. m. in the Union ballroom this evening.
Chuck Coe Will Lead Purduvians At Mixer Chuck Coe and his Purduvians will play for the first mixer of the semester in the ballroom from 9 to 12 this evening. Each summer the boys h^ve traveled to Europe on some larger transatlantic liners including the S. S. Normandie, He de France, and the Aquitania. The fantastic display of its colored lights and the orchestra’s unusual but pleasing arrangements coupled with the charming voice of Nona Reedy give the band the distinctive style wMch has made it a favorite among campus bands.
It Can^t Happen Here!^
By Don Terrio Six hundred freshmen at Indiana University are re-taking their final examination in English literature today, according to news reports leceived heie. Evidence of an exam-selling idea and the theft of questions and their sub-rosa circulation was discovered by instructors grading the examinations last week. F^om the literature exam in the school of business, on paper after paper, graders found identical lists in answer to the question, “Give the • names of five Latin authors.” Departmental officials became convinced that foul play was afoot when a majority of students gave the same incorrect answer to “Give the dates of the age of Pericles.” Several freshmen were called into the English department office, where upon being confronted with the evidence, they admitted buying exam answers but refused to name the source. Fraternity presidents revealed that the questions had been circulated in their houses. English department staff members worked until after midnight before exam day in English compositTon preparing new questions
for that course, fearing that their original questions were already in student hands. “New Exam? What New Exam?” Their fears were substantiated next day when one student turned in a composition not included on the final, but which had been suggested on the old one. Apparently, it had been prepared in advance. Other students sorrowfully handed in the new exam paper and walked out. H. H. Card, head of English department at Indiana, said that an investigation of the theft in his department had proved futile. Scabbard And Blade Dance Will Be For Members Only Scabbard and Blade Dance will be open to members and their guests only despite rumors to the contrary. The dance is scheduled for Friday, March 3, in the Memorial Union ballroom. Skull and Crescent sophomore cotillion committee met last night for the selection of a cotillion band, which will be announced in the near future.
Choir To Present Concert Tomorrow In Union Ballroom Under the sponsorship of the music room committee of the Student Union organization, the University’s Concert Choir of 20 picked voices will present its first 1939 program in the Union ballroom tomorrow afternoon at 4 p. m. Hit numbers that will be offered by the Concert Choir’s vocalists include “Mighty Lak A Rose,” to be sung by Marvin Smith, “In the Gloaming,” by Arsene Summers, “How Can I Leave Thee,” by Charles Powell, and “Santus,” by Elmer Carlquist. The program will be given in three parts, and will last approximately one hour. The Choir is a select group of singers, chosen from various vocal organizations for their ability. A number of the members are personally invited to join. This discrimination coupled with intensive training under the leadership of Director of Campus Musical Organizations A. P. Stewart has enabled the Choir to present programs that have gained for it one of the finest reputations of any vocal organization in the middle west. Co-eds To Hear H. Mueller At Charm School Thursday Mrs. Harriett Mueller, teacher of dramatics at the West Side High School, will speak to the WSGA and YWCA Charm School, Thursday, February 9, at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge. The subject will be “Charm in Speaking.” All co-eds are invited by Treva Berry and Katherine Cooley, WSGA and YWCA chairmen in charge of the meeting. Hal Lleber Swings Sweetly For 250 Triad Couples Crests of the three host fraternities, Beta Theta Pi, Phi Delta Theta, and Sigma Chi, formed the background for 260 couples at the Miami Triad dance last night in the Memorial Union Ballroom. Hal Lieber’s orchestra furnished the music.
NYA Keeps 600 At Work; No Decrease In Funds
By Rollo DeHoog Found! After paying our last fifty or one hundred dollars to the Univei’sity cashier—^who accepted it as if it weie small change—it is really a change to visit the NYA depai'tment where they PAY STUDENTS MONEY. The National Youth Administration, an invention of the present federal administration, is giving schools all over the United States around 75 million dollars a year for students desiring outside work. G. R. Sharp, NYA executive for Purdue, had some interesting information concerning Purdue’s NYA allotments and their uses. Five hundied and eighty-six men worked for this department at the time of last month’s check up. These students were working on 440 separate projects, all but 10 of which were on the campus.
Rumois have been flying about that the NPA appropriation had been decreased for this coming semester. This is not true according to G. R. Shaip, administrator. “Purdue will continue to receive her i egular monthly allotment of $7,260 for the entile nine months of the school yeai,” stated Sharp. “The only students who will be out of jobs this semester, are those who failed to pass 12 hours of school work last semester.” This necessity for passing 12 hours, a three-quarter normal load, is a federal regulation. The only other requirements for work of this type are that the student be between the ages of 16 and 25 and an American citizen. The new aeronautics course is not being paid for out of Purdue’s NYA appropriation. ' Co-eds Included Co-eds, as usual, are not com-
pletely forgotten by the administration. During the last month 107 Purdue co-eds worked for the University and received $1,200. Eds receive $6,060 monthly which is proportional to the approximate five to one ratio of eds to co-eds. President Elliott or Acting President Hockema must approve every project that is sent to the NYA offices. A project is defined as University work for which some faculty or administration member desires student assistance. The number of students requested varies from one to more than ten. Supervision must be arranged by the requesting member or the NYA department. Wages, payed monthly, are set by federal regulation at about $11.00. Hourly v^ges, for undergraduates are determined by the type of work done, which in turn
determines the number of hours necessary to receive the $11.00. Wages are ^Oc, 35c and 40c; and the hours required are 37, 32, and
28, respectively. Graduate Students
Graduate students are also provided for in this $7,260 appropriation. At present 22 graduates are working for the NYA at 50c per hour with a maximum number of hours set at 46. All 22 men are doing research work in either the chemistry, Chemical Engineering, or Physics departments. Demands come into Sharp, occasionally, that can not be filled by any students registered in his office. Past teaming will help considerably if you are considering a job; just at present Mr. Sharp is looking for a stenographer with both typing and shorthand writing ability.
the rushing. Sororities will individually arrange for all invitations and no restrictions will be made upon the number of invitations or time of dates. Because of this informality most of the rushing will consist of informal dinners and after school coke dates. Estimate 50 Rushees Approximately fifty girls went through last year’s second semester rush, and at least that number are expected to register today. Invitations to pledge will be made by the sororities themselves instead of turning the names into Women’s Pan as is the practice at the first of the year. Pledging may take place any time after Sunday noon, February 5, and will continue until midnight Friday, February 10. There will be no rushing on Sunday morning. In the past the seven sororities have pledged an average of between 3 to 6 girls. WSGA Petitions Due February 20 Petitions for freshmen representatives to the WSGA executive board must be handed in to the WSGA office by February 20. There will be a WSGA mass meeting on February 24 at which all freshmen women will vote for the two representatives. Passports are necessary to vote according to Mary Alice Learning, president of WSGA. The petitions which must have 25 signatures of girls from the petitioner’s school read as follows: “We do hereby nominate to the position of freshman representative to the executive board of WSGA the second semester of 1938-
1939.”
Library Offers Training Course For College Women College women graduates selected on the basis of competitive exani:inations may take a three months’ library training course which is being offered by the Indianapolis Public Library. Those completing the course successfully will be eligible for paid positions on the staff of of the Indianapolis Public Library. From 10 to 12 candidates will be selected from the group taking the examinations to test general information, knowledge of history and current events, literature, vocabulary, and skill. Last year’s group of trainees included graduates of Indiana, Butler, DePauw, Earlham, and Franklin. The training includes practical experience in each department of the library work as well as instructions in library science. Further information may be secured at the Placement Service for Women. WRH Open House All faculty members and students are invited to the WRH open house to be held Sunday, February 5, from 3 to 5 in the Residence Halb. Invitatitos were sent only to the presidents of unorganized houses, but everyone is urged to attend. Guests should report to the North Hall upon arriving. Eleanor Miller, chairman of the North Hall, and Mary Ann Carpenter, chairman of the Sooth Halh will have charge of tours through each building. Refreshmmits will be served in the dining rooms of
halls.^dUbfiictL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
JtOfihihoA ■
Saturday, February 4,1939
Three Unfinished Projects... . . . are on our minds tonight because the Exponent has not had a chance to print news conceniing them in a good many weeks. First there is the Prom committee which again this year was elected early in order to provide time for signing bands, etc. We’re not at all sure there is any necessity for this early work, but the Senate thought so two years ago when it advanced the election date to December. At any rate we’d like the Prom Committee to know we haven’t forgotten them. We will be glad to print any developments that turn up concerning the signing of bands since the Prom will be one of the second semester’s most important events. We’ve heard in a sort of roundabout way of some preliminary dickerings but haven’t heard much about the results. Second comes the Varsity Show which is scheduled for production this semester. We have seen a new constitution but have had no news of its approval. Neither have we heard of any work beginning on the project. The constitution provides for the production of some sort of a musical comedy under a plan similar to that used last year for “Of Thee I Sing.” The last item concerns a comprehensive housing survey taken last year by Alpha Phi Omega. We have the survey blanks here in our office where they have lain since last year waiting for tabulation. Now we’re looking for some student organization interested in inheriting a housing campaign at the expense of considerable routine tabulating work. Complete information on rooming houses in use last year is included on these sheets. When finally compiled and analyzed it could form the basis for some very valuable work toward bettering student living conditions. Better Late Than Never... “Now that I have my diploma perhaps I’ll have time to get some education.” —The words are a direct quotation from a conversation we had last night with an ex-stu-dent who completed his “education” last month. Strange words aren’t they ? — especially strange coming from a person whose cumulative point-hour ratio during his entire attendance here was a good deal better than a threepoint average. Nevertheless, the implications which they bring to mind are true. We’ll wager that a great many undergraduates would admit that they are much too busy going to college, participating in campus activities and studying the specialized subjects which they hope will
the Purdtt6 Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription |8.60. Editor-In-Chief. H. I. Stanback Business Manager. R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor —D. A. Bailey Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houstop, R. £1. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager ..M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E, M. Antonini Circulation Manager — W. P. Berg Sales Manager. V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager —H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager. W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally BfcKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 BKPRESENTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers RepresentaHve 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICASO ■ Boston ■ Los Ahseles - san Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AH opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinp ions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-cblef.
Night Editor—Frederick Issue Editor—Beer Saturday, February 4, 1939
^J^Lm and By Georgaim Schillini:
Swing a la Hal Leiber in the ballroom last night as the Betas, Sigs, and Phi Belts and their guests celebrated at their annual Miami Triad. We saw smooth-couple Virginia Royce and John Richardson, Carl Swan and Eileen Neville, town girl. Bottle Edwards escorted ever-popu-lar Peggy Davis while Sig Bill Breuer was with his pin gal, Caroline Shaw. —H-H— Another Sigma Chi Bill Hart was noticeably absent from the frolic, being ill at the fraternity house. Lowell Hardin and Mary Cooley were seen at intermission chatting with Georgianna Huber and Bill Smith. Bernadette Dygert wore an oichid atop her up coiffure. Mary Petticiew and Bill Strong weie together again as were Treva Berry and Hub Boyer. We saw lots of other people, too, and so many, many goigeous gowns and wellgroomed guys. Mr. Maestro Leiber favored with both swing and sweet songs. And his songstress is definitely big time. We like their first of the Febiuary formals. More power to the others to come. Have fun, kiddies. —H-H— If you like the song “Just a Kid Named Joe” be sure to listen to WBAA’s Campus Varieties program at 3 this afternoon. The song has a feature spot on the program with a very dramatic skit written especially for the show. It has a human interest angle you’ll like. —H-H— All the chit-chat the last few days has been about Jimmy Lunceford’s appearance at the mixer on the 18th. We have been doing a little research work on Mr. Lunceford, and find that he is playing for the Northwestern Junior Prom the evening before he comes down here. What’s more, he is a very obliging person and has agreed to have his
medleys made up of five tunes, three of which will be sweet songs and the other two swing music. The Northwesterners requested this set up after having a special poll to decide just what should be played. —H-H— And IS the Library ever the spot so early in the semester! We got veiy brave and walked through the place this morning and it was absolutely jammed. Everyone on the books! Is play time all over so soon? Tonight is the first mixer of the semester with Chuck Coe supplying the music. And next Friday is the Interfi-aternity Ball featuring Charlie Agnew coming here from the Meiry Garden ballroom in Chicago, This is one of the really big moments of the social yeai*, and there are still some tickets available —.so . . . —H-H— Guess I’ll go see about dropping those courses. See you around.
Pass The 8-Ball Animal husbandry students and those connected with the Pork Pageant, which according to yesterday’s Exponent was to be held last night, will be interested in learning that the actual date is Tuesday, February 7.
—LAST dayhit SONGS OF THE WEST
' and
JOAN FONTAINE DERRICK deMARNEY
STARTS TOMORROW
— LAST DAY-
ARTHUR LAKE PENNY SINGLETON — In — "BLONDIE”
prepare them for a job to do much about getting an education. A cynic would almost be inclined to Tbelieve that education was a failure, but we’re not quite that cynical. We do think that there is much dead wood in the specialized curricula of the University which could well be dropped to make room for training in citizenship and well rounded living as well as a profession. We do think that some students should! be discouraged from over-participation in “college life” and campus activities. But as long as students continue to complete their formal education with the hope that now they will have an opportunity to get some education, it seems to us that the University is doing its most important job,— Ohio State Lantern.
What with everybody re-register-ing and getting a pipeline laid so they can loaf for the rest of the semester, this column has rather been neglected. —B-B— Now I sit me down to worry, I must finish in a hurry, For as soon as worry’s done, I can really have some fun. —B-B— Heretofore unknown for after dinner “joeing,” Rosemary “Purity” Fiel, WRH South, recently made an expedition trip to Lamb’s. Excellently, her sophistication remained intact, while in said “joeing” spot, but a neat spill in front of the Knickerbocker annihilated any more sophistication. —B-B— Now for the Blazer? —B-B— Teacher: Man is the only animal that blushes. Smart Co-ed: He’s the only one that needs to. —B-B— Am I? See that happy moron. He doesn’t give a damn, I wish I were a moron— My God, perhaps I am. Pirnie Will Discuss Bird Life Tuesday “The W. K. Kellogg Bird Sanctuary” will be the subject of Dr. Miles D. Pirnie’s lecture to be presented Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in the Horticulture Building auditorium. Dr. Pirnie is director of the Kellogg Bird Sanctuary and professor of zoology at Michigan State College For the past 10 years he has been engaged in research work on the waterfowl problems of the lake states and Canada.
JOHNSTON SHOE SKATES $3.49 to $8.45 and Skis J. SPERB 822 Main
In Aid
MIDNITE SHOW TONITE 11:30
h.oiiGM!
a drama of ^oman and equ thoroughbreds fighting ago ns the long odds otth*
racketeers.
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
KATHERINE HEPBURN -inlittle WOMEN — PLUS — Charlie Chan on Broadway
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
“You’ll find it’s the most economical car on the marketoutside of the usual gas, oil and fender streightening
to the Editor
The slogan here is all work and no play and let us get Jack’s Jack. Yes, I know the cure J. B. M. if you don’t like it here, get out. But a lot of us are stuck here and this is in warning to the next batch of freshman suckers.—^W. S.
Letters accepted tor pnIrUcation in this column must be accompanied by the writer’s siirnature and should be limited to 160 words in lensrth. Shh—Ugly! To the Editor: Please, sir, let me answer J. B. M. There are over 6,500 students on this campus. Half or more of these have never gone on a date with a Puidue co-ed. The Purdue co-ed J. B. M. is ugly, very ugly, so called beauty contests notwithstanding. In an effoit to compensate for her ugly face she adopts an ugly attitude towaids the average ed. She is snooty and in her mind above the iiff laff here. Do not berate the publicity depai tment. They have enough trouble covering up things that the general public should not know about this school. Honestly J. B. M. I have never heard on any campus the amount of giiping that there is at dear old Purdue.
SUNDAY-MONDAY * - —
— LAST DAY— PRAIRIE JUSTICE — and — ADVENTURE IN SAHARA
— ONE DAY ONLY — TOBAY Only
STAGE SHOWS AT 1:30.3:40-5:50-8:00-10:15 LATE SHOW AT 10:15
2:00 P.M. TO CLOSING MAIN FLOOR 40« BALCONY 30o CHILDREN, ALL DAY 15c
— STARTING TOMORROW— CLAUDETTE COLBERT—HERBERT MARSHALL in "ZAZA”1?
Saturday, February 4,1939
THE PURDUE
SpOiid,
EXPONENT
r<-;5?4'^''
% ■as^ ■iiel '>}t:i s'?!
M
n r? H A
Boilermaker Fencers Engage Ohio State In Foils, Sabre, Epee Matches At Columbus In a tuneup match for next Saturday’s tough schedule, a handicapped Purdue fencing squad will journey to Ohio State today. The match will consist of contests in foils, epee and sabre.
Both Hoffman and Maierson, who became ineligible this semester, regained their eligibility and will defend Purdue’s colors in the foils matches. Harden, last year’s freshman fencing champ, will complete the foils team. Heier and Soloff will engage the Buckeyes in the epee as Stepath and Schmidt will endeavor to defeat the Ohio State sabre men. Won Last Year ^ Last year Purdue swordsmen defeated the Ohio State team which avenged a Buckeye victory of the previous year. This coming weekend, the Boilermaker contingent will engage three matches in two days. Followingla Big Ten contest at Chicago against Chicago, the Riveters will travel to Madison where they will meet Wisconsin and Michigan State in a dual contest. PEW Offers Life Guard Training Any__ woman student, already a senior life saver or examiner, may join the training course in pool guarding, which will begin Monday, February 6 at 4 p. m. in the women’s poul in the Memorial Gym. This course will continue every night at 4 p. m. during the week of February 6. Those who will complete this training Will qualify as life guards, and will be given the opportunity to gain experience in guarding at the women’s pool. / Recreational swimming will be discontinued at 4 p. m. the week of February 6, but will begin again February 14.
WAA News
This semester’s schedule for the WAA intramural and recreational activities has been arranged as follows. Badminton, deck tennis, fencing, ping-pong, and shuffleboard will be held in the Women’s Gym on Monswimming on Tuesday through Fridays and Fridays from 4:00-6:30; day; volleyball on Tuesday through Thursday; dance on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday; and tumbling on Tuesday and Thursday. Riflery will be conducted from 6:16-9:00 p. m. On Monday nights Wards VI and I, WRH North, and Thaeles will shoot. On Tuesday, Ward II, Alpha Xi, WRH South, and Alpha Chi; on Wednesday Ward III, Kappa, Phi Phi, and make-up; on Thursday, Pedalion, Phi Mu, Chi 0, Theta, and make-up. The activities to be conducted at 7:30-9:00 p. m. are as follows: Monday—Faculty badminton club, Tuesday—Triton club and Graduate club, Wednesday—Purdue Women’s Club, Badminton, and Thursday—Recreational swimming and badminton club.
Sports Staff Meeting A sports staff meeting for all freshmen, sophomores, and juniors will be held in room D of the Union, Tuesday at 7:30. Bring schedules. —McDonald.
OhioState Baffles ^ Gophers In Top Big Ten Nef Game Tonighf Big Ten basketball is getting back to normal after mid-semester examinations at many of the schools, as two conference and one non-confer-ence contest are scheduled tonight bringing together the top teams of tTi'e league, Ohio State and Minnesota at Minneapolis in the foremost game. Iowa faces Northwestern and Wisconsin battles Michigan State in the other contests. Buckeyes Look Good The Buckeyes, led by Jimmy Hull, high scrorer of the conference this season, have shown more scoring punch In recent games than was present earlier and are expected to give the Gophers a battle for the top place in the standings. Minnesota has failed to click in championship manner it is capable of in the last few games, dropping a 66 to 33 decision to Notre Dame during the examination period. Northwestern has played good ball at times, but has not been consistent enough to be a threat in the title race. The Wildcats dropped a game to Marquette 36 to 26 Thursday and may be ready to come back against Iowa at Evanston, although the Hawkeyes are conceded to be a bit better team judging from the records. Wisconsin readies itself for Monday’s encounter with Purdue by playing Marquette^ after a short layoff. The Badgers have been another of the in and out teams this season and the extra game may be just the medicine needed to put them in top form for the Boilermaker encounter.
Three University of Kansas blind students are earning their way during their college careers by transcribing text books into braille.
Announcing the appointment of.. . VON ROY DAUGHERTY
lACE
DllSJRIBUTOR AT PURDUE
Pretty Co-eds Date Smart Eds who take them to the Dance in Yellow Cabs 423 Ferry
5023 - Dial - 3071
Squash Squad Invades Kentucky Today Fifty Golfers Turn Team Will Play Pendeiniis Club And Foil Knox Out For Instruction Army Officers In Doubleheader Af Louisville
At Fieldhouse Range
By Jim Hebbeler With fine spring weather outside what would be more natural than to have the students’ fancy turn to golf? Of course, we don’t have the spring weather as yet, but the golf fancy is well evidenced by the more than 60 persons that have turned out for instruction under Harry Allspaw, professional of the West Lafayette Country Club. The instruction, begun February 1, is being given from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. at the golf driving range in the basement of the Fieldhouse, and these hours will be continued all through February. Mostly Beginners Of these who have come out, more than half have been beginners and according to Mr. Allspaw, “I’m getting a big kick out of this job, and I am really amazed at some of the fellows that come here without any previous instruction. One boy, who claimed that he had never used a club before, showed me one of the most natural golf swings I have ever seen.” «> , Allspaw will take charge of the varsity golf team as well as the winter instruction and has great plans to stir interest in the sport to a high pitch. One move in this direction is the showing of the talking picture of the golfing masters Harry Cooper, Horton Smith, Jimmy Thomson, and Lawson Little on Februai’y 8 in Michael Golden Shops. Varsity Plans Members of the varsity squad are asked to report to the driving range any time during the day to limber up for the matches this spring. Special attention will be given to the freshman team this year with hopes of putting Purdue near the top in golf during the coming years. Allspaw replaces Jack Bixler at the helm of the Boilermaker golf squad. Bixler has turned out some fine players at Purdue and has very gradually been building up to the team to a high place, but work in Lafayette will not permit him the time for the coaching job and he has asked to be relieved of his duties this spring.
Vera Hruba, 18-year-old Czech figure skater, has been selected as the feature performer of this year’s Dartmouth College winter carnival skating program.
University of New Hampshire riflemen have won 23 matches in 24 starts.
The University of Texas drama loan library last year provided Texas high school students with copies of 20,000 plays.
A study of four neurotic rats won the $1,000 pi’ize of the American Association for Advancement of Science for Dr. N. R. F. Maier, University of Michigan.
NEXT SUNDAY ONE NIGHT ONLY
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
Tickets on sale
MATINEE DANCE EVERY SUNDAY From 2:30 till 5:30 Admission 2Sc Now Playing: AMOS OTSTOT
AND HIS ORCHESTRA
A determined quintet of Purdue squash players will invade Kentucky today in an attempt to avenge a past defeat and to return a past visit. The Boilermakers, including Captain Sokolowski and teammates Eberhardt, Jackson, Blizt and Fuente, will first meet the Pendennis Club at Louisville in their first match of the day’s doubleheader. The Pendennis squashmen, more experienced in match competition than are the Riveters, are favorites to repeat their last year’s victory over the Gold and Black color bearers. Last year’s final score was close, 3-2, ' in favor of Pendennis.
Following their first match, the Boilermaker squash team wiU play a return engagement against the Fort Knox army officers whom the team had previously beaten at the Fieldhouse. On their home courts, the army men are considered much stronger opponents. Last year’s score at Fort Knox was in favor of Purdue by 4-1. Just before finals, the squash team returned from an Eastern trip in which they garnered two victories and suffered four
defeats.
iisddsJrk
The University of Dayton student newspaper has been given a twofoot baby alligator as a mascot for its staff.
By Bruce Witwer
“Chief” Clevett’s squash team is to face two opponents today on its second semester opening date . . . Bob Juve will be missing from the lineup because of a visit from that spectre, ineligibility ... he is expected to make it up in the near future, however, so he’ll probably be wielding the racquet next week.
—^fe—
Clevett’s decision to flood Stuart Field Thursday night provided ice skating pleasure for about 60 students yesterday afternoon . . . more work was done last night in an effort to build up a suitable rink . . . exhibitions of skill and choice nosedives marked the afternoon’s activities . . . but everyone seemed satisfied in spite of various portions of bruised anatomy.
—^fc—
Purdue’s newest pet infant sport, boxing, not yet raised to the adultship of being recognized as a minor sport, is showing fire and determination as the time nears for the Golden Gloves competition... Steve Bacharach and Dilts turned in good fistic performances yesterday afternoon following up two other pugilists who effectively tried to beat each other to a pulp for a while . . . the good appearance at this time of the season promises some spectacular fights when the boxers show their wares to the public.
—fc—
Purdue’s basketball action against Wisconsin Monday night will be minus the services of Swarts who is at present gracing the hospital . . . although he may be out of the hospital before the game, he will he too weak to enter the fracas ... a throat infection sent him down the inglorious road to inactivity. Boxing Heads Second Term Military Sports At a meeting of the athletic officers last night in the Armory, the military sports activities were announced, with boxing the fii’st tournament to get underway, scheduled to begin Thursday, February 9, and to continue throughout the month. Bouts Thursday Only the elimnation bouts will be held the coming week to narrow the field to eight men of seven weight divisions. These men will box the following week to narrow the number to four, and these, in turn, will fight for the final two positions and
Sophomore Flash
Little Bob Igney, the most basketball player in a poundless lad that any coach has ever possessed, has been burning the Fieldhouse practice nets up all week and should do some knitting on the Wisconsin nets Monday evening.
the right to battle for the championship of the corps at a later date. The weight divisions included in the tournament are 116, 126, 136, 145, 160, 175, and heavjrweight. Gold medals and a citation will go to the winners, silver medals to the second place men and bronze medals to the third. Merits will be given in accordance with the pi’ogress of the men in the tournament, with all assured of at least one merit for entering. Basketball will take its place on the program immediately after the termination of the boxing, early in March. Teams will be organized in the various batteries and a three game tournament run off to pick the top eight teams of the corps. These teams will play elimination games for the corps title.
Exactly 71 per cent of University of Pittsburgh co-eds pai*ticipate in some extra-curricular activity.
EVERYTHING FOR A COLLEGE EDUCATION EXCEPT TEXT BOOKS Biology Supplies, Drawing Instruments, Drawing Supplies. Complete line of note books, loose leaf note books, 10c to $1.98, inks, and filler papers. Your Education Will Cost Less If You Stop Here, Give Us Trial
PURDUE 5c and 10c STORE 314 STATE STREET:f
■':!'
3tocaL Odi^
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Saturday, February 4,1939
'Tm In Division K And I Want To Change!' Wanna Shag? Need Yes-No-But-She Took lt-Huh?-Oww! A Female Partner?
Use Classified Ads
By Chico
Sir, I’m in the wrong- division and I have a conflict in military. I’m in division K and I want to get into division N. No, I don’t have an assignment card. The girl over there took it away from me with the other two cards and my class cards. The third table and the bald headed man in the blue suit? Thank you, sir. I’m in division K and I want to get in division N. No, I don’t have my assignment card. The girl took it away from me. Yes—I paid my fees. I have to start all over again. 0-o-oh, alright-t-t. I can’t get into division N until I get the approval of the Chemical Engineering department? 0. K. Sir, I’m a EE and I want to take military in a chemical division. It’s not a chemical division ? I see. A Pharmacy division ? Oh! Sir, I'm a EE and I want to take military in a pharmacy division. That’s right—just put your signature there on that line that says military 4-L. Thank you . . . Hey, quit pushing!! Who do you think you are? O. K., Sarge, 0. K., I’ll stand in line if the rest of these gazabos will.
tomorrow
in the /
L^hurck
e6
Purdue Christian Foundation 9:30—Student class, speaker, Mi. Henry Mangus, “What Being a Christian Has Come to Mean to Me.” 10:30—Morning Worship. Sermon, “What Is Religion?” Rev. Doyle Mullen. 5:30—Student Vespers. 6:00—Social Hour. 6:45—Round Table Discussions. Mr. Wilfred Mast will be the speaker. His topic, “What the Germans Think of Hitler.” First Church of Christ, Scientist 9:30—Sunday School. 11:00—Lesson. Sermon. Wednesday evening testimonial meeting at 8 o’clock. Reading room 66 and 67, Loan and Trust Building, Lafayette. All are welcome. Wesley Foundation 8:00—Council breakfast. 9:30—Men’s class “Conversion.” Co-ed class taught by Dr. Steele. 10:40—Sermon by Dr. Claude Young. 5:00—Fellowship supper, Amy Myers, chairman. 6:30—Epworth League. “We Face the Conflict,” James Ludberg. Presbyterian Students Morning Program at Central Church, 7th and Columbia, Lafayette. 9:30—Discussion group led by Dr. Graves. 10:40—Morning Worship. Sermon by Rev. John W. Findley. Theme, “Being Prepared for the Worst.” The choir, under the leadership of Mr. A. P. Stewart, will sing “My God and I,” by Sergei. Evening Program at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz St. 6:00—Student Forum. A discussion of the grading system, including finals, will be led by Kenneth Werling. West Lafayette Baptist 9:30 — Sunday morning class, taught by Dean M. L. Fisher. 10:35—Sunday morning worship. Sermon, “Self Control in a Time of Uncertainty,” Rev. Joseph B. Gleason. 5:30—Roger Williams Club social hour and lunch. 6:30—Roger Williams Club discussion hour, “So You Want To Be Married.” This is the begiiming of a series of discussions by Rev. Gleason concerning marriage. 7:30—Message by Arthur Keppler, a Purdue senior, entitled, “Why I Believe in God.” Special music by church choir undei the direction of Paul Worcester. St. John’s Episcopal 8:00-10:46—Holy Communion, 6:00—^Young Peiple's Fellowship Supper. 7:00—Program. Talk by A. R. Mather.
Division N is closed? But I’ye been wox'king for two hours to get into it. It’s the only one that fits in my schedule! O-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o! Editor’s Note: The author of this article was found prostrate just outside the Armory. Harding Will Discuss Television Advances Speaking on “Technical and Economic Problems of Television,” Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the school of electrical engineering, will address the 59th meeting of fill engineers of Indiana Saturday, February 11, at Indianapolis. Dr. Harding will discuss the general advancement of the television, field both in this country and abroad, enumerating in detail some of the • recent engineering developments together with their probable commercial applications. His talk will be supplemented -vyith illustrations. NetmenToPlayFor WAA Mass Meeting Coach “Dutch” Fehring, directingfreshmen players, will put on a basketball demonstration in the Women’s Gym at a WAA mass meeting on Thursday, February 9, at 4:15 o’clock. This will also be the first call for co-eds who wish to participate in basketball, which will start
the next week.
WAA members are planning a basketball play day on March 25 with six teams entered from Indiana, Chicago, Ball State, Terre Haute, DePauw, and Purdue. Katherine Merritt, president of the organization, urges all members to attend the mass meeting.
WANTED—Girl who cadshag or knows rudiments. Gene Weissman, 201 Russell. Phone 7724 evenings.
This ad was run in the Exponent Friday, and set fire to all conservative co-eds. When asked why he wanted to get a special shagging girl. Gene replied, “I come from New York, where girls can dance those steps. I was getting sort of lonesome for this type of dancing so I decided to find a co-ed who could do them.” After spending about 31 cents to find a shagger. Gene Weissman, a transfer student from Columbia University, found two co-eds who were willing. Aw, Shucks! But alas! Gene was disappointed, for one of the gals backed out, and the other said she would meet him 'at a certain hour. He waited for quite awhile, but no one showed up. We’ve been trying to find out who the girls were, but it seems that no names were mentioned at all. Our New Yorker is still on a quest for a girl who can “shag” or ’’knows the rudiments.”
MISCELLANEOUS
W B A A Programs
FOR SALE
11.0011 loll 2:453:00-
-Just Kids. -Carolyn Wood, soprano. -High School Guest Program -Charles Powell, Tune Time -Luncheon Dance Time. -Maiket Reports. -Radio Stage. -College Caravan. -Stamp Club of the Air. -Vinnie, Fran and Jack. -Melody Time. -Paul Funk, pianist. -Campus Varieties
FOR RENT—Double room for students Two closets. Clean, comfortable living quarters. 422 N Salisbury.
Oregon State College has a new class in sports appreciation that meets every week.
Culver-Stockton College is constructing a hotel on its campus.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISHER
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Professional
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST n 916 Vine West Lafayetta Phone 4965
• Locksmith
• Florists
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENING Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7 th Phone 6050
• Shoe Repair
KEYS AND LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicj^les, ac'essorles and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phene 2828
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
Modern Dance Group: Practice Saturday, February 4, at 1 p. rfi. in the Women’s Gym. Attendance is compulsory. —SICKMAN.
at Women’s Gymnasium. Everyone participating must be present. —KNIGHT.
Laboratory Theater: Tryouts for the first series of plays will be held in Fowler Hall Sunday, February 5, at 1:30 a. m. —WILLIAMS.
Purdue Engineers: The following men report to the Engineer office Saturday afternoon, February 4, at 1:30: Denlinger, Johnson, Ruth, Ely, Packman, Hawkins, and Richardson. —SQUIRES.
Purdue Engineer Business Staff: Meet in the office at 4 p. m. Tuesday, February 7. Your attendance will indicate your interest in the magazine. -tBEHRENDS.
PEW 59: Rehearsal for demonstration Thursday, February 9, at 7 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Compulsory attendance. —FISHLEIGH.
Young People’s Fellowship: A meeting will be held Sunday, February 6, in St. John’s Episcopal Church. Supper will be at 6 p. m. At 7 p. m. there will be a program by Mr. A. R. Mather, British Inspector of Schools in Rodhesia, Africa. —FINNEY.
Concert Choir: Compulsory rehearsal at 1 p. m. Saturday, February 4, in Eliza Fowler Hall. —CODDINGTON.
Lambda Kappa: A business and social meeting will be held in the faculty lounge of the Union at 7 :30 p. m., Sunday, February 6. —OTT.
Varsity Golf: Candidates should report at the driving range in the Fieldhouse any time from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. (2-6) —ALLSPAW.
Gold Peppers: All girls who turned in their stubs for basketball tickets please bring passports to ticket office in the ^ieldhffuse by Saturday noon, February 4. —COOLEY.
WAA Fencing: Fencing is scheduled for every Monday and Friday afternoons. (2-8) —FRASER.
WAA Fencing: Will meet Tuesday, February 8, at 4 o’clock instead of Monday, February 7. There will be a beginning group starting at the same time. —CASE.
Newman Club: All those wishing to serve on the contact cornmittee, please call Holland, 3243 or Kassen at the Terry House, before Monday night, February 6. , —HOLLAND.
Zouaves: Meeting of all members of the Purdue Order of Zouaves on Monday, February 6, at 4 o’clock in the armory. —HURST.
Christian Science Organization: Special meeting, due to convocation, will be held Tuesday, February 7, at 7 p. m. in room C of the Union. —MACK. WAA Volley Ball: Teams were chosen Friday, February 3. Members of the teams are as follows: Freshman, Martha Kennedy, Lucy Judge, Carolyn Smith, Joan Modisett, Katherine Ade, Mary Smith, Bonnie Cox, Frances Jones, Dorothy Housekeeper, Esther Kirkhoff, Eleanor Harrison. Sophomores, Betty Smith, Katherine Himes, Dorothy Holden, Janet Greger, Eileen Westover, Lois Heiser, Marie Butz, Ruth Swift, June Spiy, Jane Stickler. Juniors, Jane Herschman, Leora Mermelstein, Marietta Johnson, Betty Spears, Janet McDougall, Margorie Hoover, Martha Schroder, Mary Clymer. Seniors, Mary Helen Miller, Flora Holt, Martha Whitehead, Pauline Swick, Dons Peterson, Amy Perry, Janet Shaffer, Ruth Wiley, Katherine Merritt, Virginia Blank, Elizabeth Maier. —SWICK.
^ Camera Club: Important business meeting Tuesday, February 7, at 7:30 in tower room of Union. All members are requested to be present. —OBLINGER.
Fraternity Presidents: Dinner meeting of the Fraternity Presidents Council Tuesday, February 7, at 6:80 p. m, at the Acacia House. Please notice the advance in time due to convocation. Full attendance is urged. —DEAN.
Activity Bureau Board: Will be a meeting in the office Monday, February 6, at 4 o’clock. —JACOBSON. Activity Bureau Sophomort>s: Please report to the office Tuesday, February 7, at 4 o’clock. Important. —JACOBSON.
ASCE: All members interested in attending the annual meeting of the Indiana Engineering Council at Indianapolis Saturday, February 11, please contact me at once. Transporation will be provided, and we will return in time for the basketball game that evening. —AHRENS.
Physics 2 and 22: An exemption examination in Physics 2 and 22 v^ill be given from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 202 of the Physics building Saturday, February 4, for the benefit of students who are enrolled in those courses. —ABBOTT.
Freshmen Fencers: Men interested in fencing report to third fioor of the Fieldhouse Monday, February 6, at 4 p. m. in serviceable clothing. —LEVIN.
WAA Ping Pong Tournament: Will be continued now that finals are over. The first round must be finished by Wednesday, February 8 The schedule is posted inside the gym. —SCHILLING. WAA Shuffle Board Double Tournament: Will start Monday, February 6. All players please put telephone numbers after names. The schedule is posted inside the gym. —SCHILLING. Modern Dance Group: Meeting of entire group Saturday, Febiuary 4, at 1 o’clock
Exponent Staff: The following workers will report at 2 p. m. or as soon after as possible on the day assigned. Full schedule is on the bulletin board in Union office. Please notify me of omissions. Friday, February 3: Frederick, night editor; Beer, issue ; Ganzar, proof; Howard, DeHoog, Payne, Kung, workers. Saturday, February 4: Kroeplin, night editor; Ahlf, issue; Donahue, proof: Massey, Beer, McKee, Kepner. Smith, workers. —HARDIN.
Freshman T>ack: All rresiiman track men report immediately to me for assignments. (2-8) —WILKENING.
Debris Photo Staff: Meeting Tuesday, February 7, at 4 p. m. in room B of the Union. Important. —DYER, WRAY.
PE Students: All PE students taking Education 18 should see the secretary in room 110 in the Fieldhouse and leave with her their free hours for student teaching. (2-8) —EAS'i;WOOD. Student Senate: Senators please\report to Sully Mason or myself, for duty on Book Exchange in the Union Ballroom at 10 a. m. Come in whenever you have some spare time. (2-6) —ELLIOTT.
Glee Club: Call for game tickets at Fieldhouse office. Passports are necessary. (2-6) —WORCESTER.
Purdue Camera Club: Date for acceptance of prints for the traveling exhibit has been postponed for two weeks. Please do •not take prints to Union office until later notice. (2-6) —HADBEN.
TYPEWRITERS—^All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Keys in case; on or near campus. Rewaid Phone 36663.
1929 FORD ROADSTER. Excellent paint, interior, etc. Year old tires, brakes. New clutch, windshield and floor mat. Many extras Piivate owner; call 71332
ROOMS FOR RENT FOR RENT—One double I'oom, single beds. Wanted room-mate for graduate student 432 N. Grant St., Phone 41612
FOR RENT—Laige single room. All conveniences No other roomers. Phone 41842
HE SMARTEST Dressers in Purdue wear Crown Cleaned Clothes! HAVE YOUR CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGULARLY
OFFICE AT TOP
Engineer Workers: The following men will report to the Engineer office Monday, February 6, at 4 o’clock: Martineck, McElroy, Mossburg, Stephens, Lawler, Fox, Kennedy, and Sturm. —RICE.
Point your footsteps toward the EXPONENT—if you want to buy, sell, trade, rent, or find anything... You'll find that the classified columns of the PURDUE EXPONENT will bring results.
THE Purdue Exponent Business Phone — 5038
(/
A y
7 ,1
m