vv 4;
? ^ f
!''
I t
J '
Purdue
Z-185
Volume 51, No. 106
Exponent
Saturday, February 10, 1940
Boilermakers Renew Campaign Tonight
Exponent Issues Final Call For All Freshman Workers Staff Members To Describe Jobs; Meetings Start At 1 O'clock Today Final announcements concerning time and place of call-outs for freshman eds and co-eds interested in working on the Exponent business, sports, co-ed, and editorial staffs during the present semester were made last night, by G. W. Frederick, Exponent managing editor. Frederick said that the sports, co-ed, and editorial staffs will meet «• * || I . freshmen interested in t^hese de- W3lt6rSf JOfO@nS@n partments at 1 o’clock this afternoon in the Exponent office. Fred- ^ T C L eiick will be in charge of the meet- Jp03K lO rr@Sl1111@l1 iiig and will be assisted by Georgann Schilling, co-ed editor; Don 111 "i" 1^ l® Terrio, editorial director, and Eolfe |lf AClIVilifiS FlOSltHQ Jenkins, sports editor. Each will discuss the particular duties of the Yesterday afternoon at a special members of their staff. mass meeting of over 300 freshmen W. E. Smith, business manager m Fowler Hall at 4 o’clock, the class of the Elxponent, will meet eds and of ’43 ended their orientation peri-co-eds interested in the working of od, which for the past semester has the business side of a newspaper been conducted by the activities buat 2 o’clock this afternoon in the reau, headed by Althea Jorgensen Exponent office. and Bill Breuer. According to Frederick and Speakers on the program were Smith, no previous experience or p^of, J. E. Walters, University perwork on a newspaper is necessary, gonnel director, and Althea JorgenFrederick said, “All that a fresh- gen, chairman of the activities human might need for a job on the reau. In her talk, which was the inExponent is what everydne who itial speech of the program. Miss stays long on the staff acquires, a Jorgensen explained reasons why a leady sense of humor, a knowledge freshman would be interested in acof English, a sense of responsibil- tivities and elucidated on her own ity, and a large part of oun'espirt personal experiences, de corps. And these qualities Prof. Walters then spoke to the aren t essential at the start for they assembled group and explained the will soon be acquired. value of activities in relation to fu- ^ Co-eds are especially urged by employment. He explained the Exponent co-ed editors to take ad- significance of the charts which vantage of the call-out. were passed out at the doors. Going into his subject, he told of the sucAAPAflfu IrIBcIl rniiC cesses various groups of graduates JUIUlliy IxlJjil tllllj had and how the most successful men were the same men who, as uf TflfliUllf students, had been outstanding in Ml I iyilll|ill their campus activities as well as „ , . , their scholarship record. Second semester sorority rush which started officially last Satur- ^^e final part of the lecture a day noon will end tonight at midnight. A total of 25 girls have been explained that the pledged during the week by the eigV national sororities on the The show, however, was practically complete in its campus coverage. ^ , Divided into ttvo reels, there were Rushees registered at the Pan- boxing, wrestling, fencing, Various Hellenic desk in the Union last Saturday noon and have since been en- ^^udent activities, and the teitained informally by the Greek debris beauty contest, co-ed societies. Entertainment varied from luncheons, dinners, and in- | ■ 11 ■ l\ formal parties to coke dates. Q9nf0 Contrary to the system used during the first semester rush girls T i I Xt could be pledged anytime during ifiSllirBS L63p Y69r the lyeek. Alpha Chi Omega pledged five girls, Alpha Xi and Chi Omega Leap year will be celebrated by four each, Pi Phi, Phi Mu and Del- co-eds and their dates at the Panta Gamma Colony three each, Kap- Hellenic dance, the first co-ed bid pa Alpha Theta, two, and Kappa dance of the semester, Friday, FebKappa Gamma, one. ruary 16, in the south ballroom of Delta Gamma Colony yesterday the Union building. Dancing will be announced the pledging of Judith from 9 to 12 to Bob Zurke, swing Ann Auch of Cincinnati, 0. pianist, and his orchestra. Zurke was recently chosen All-American /fftl/orc ^An/nrc player by Paul Whitenfan. J Decorations for the occasion will be n J carried out in a leap year theme, V# noose f our rSanO and are being planned by Ruth Bennett, Union vice-president. In case any junior or senior . , ^ ^ n tt n • , ,, . 1 ^ j, A banquet for Pan-Hellemc memhasn t cast ms vote for a prom , , ,, ... , , , _ . . . .. bers and their dates will be given in band, the Exponent is reprinting ,, • i. -u- jJ . . the Union building preceding the the ballot that appeared in yester- , tr- . • tG-, j t J , m J. 1 dance. Victoria Milea and Jane day’s paper. To vote, place your n, , . , .m. j- „ . .f , . u 11 J. Black are in charge of the dinner, first three choices on the ballot m- i t j i. • j . . , , , , , , Tickets are limited to organized printed below. All votes must be . , , _ , , ■. • T £ T , . .. ■ £ J £ J girls only. Greek-letter girls from handed in on the printed form, and u a- i . , . J ..r, .. . , other campuses may purchase tickmust be signed with the voter’s ^ .. , , A11 if 11 1. A 1. • A1. ets from the sorority houses and name. All ballots must be in the „ tt n • -aa TT A i- A Ai. A J 1 J! the Pan-Hellemc committee or ,on Exponent box at the west desk of ^ a ai. t. n L. Au TT • u a entrance to the ballroom on the the Union by 6 p. m. today. . .a as ai. j m- i a night of the dance. Tickets are on ^2. Mary Jane Carr is in Band Ballot charge of arrangements for the dance. First Choice Kappa Sigma « J /Tt,..:.... • • • social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following: Charles R. Grotness^ Park Ridge, 111., Third Choice - Louis A. Kiesling, Logansport, and Signed Thomas C. Mullins, Chicago.
Meetings In Campus Activities Offices Will Close Call For Frosh Call for freshman activity workers will be brought to a close with meetings in the offices of the various campus activities starting’^today and lasting through next Tuesday. These meetings climax a series of gatherings sponsored by the Activities Bureau for the instruction of the freshman class. Activities Bureau urges all freshmen to consult their information desk on any activity problems they may have. This desk will be located in the Bureau’s office on the third floor of the Union building. The following list gives the time and location of the various activity meetings: Debris, Mon., Tues., 4 p. m.. Debris Office. Purdue Exponent, Sat., Feb. 10, 1 and 2 p. m.. Exponent Office. P.I.A., Thurs., Feb. 16, 4 p. m., P.I.A. Office. Purdue Independent (Paper), Wed,, Feb. 14, 4 p. m., P.I.A. Office. Purdue Agriculturist, Mon., Feb. 12, 4 p. m. Agriculturist Office. Purdue Engineer, Tues., Feb. 13, 4 p. m. Engineer Office. Purdue Memorial Union, Wed., Feb. 14, 4:15 p. m.. Reception Lounge. Purdue Activities Bureau, Mon., Feb 12, Tues,, Feb. 13, 4 p. m.. Activities Bureau Office. WBAA, Mon., Feb. 12, Tues., Feb. 13, 5 p. m.. Third floor E E Bldg. WSGA, Tues., Feb. 13, 4 p, m., WSGA Office. Yell Leaders, Tues., Feb. 13, 4 p. m.. Third floor Field House, M. T. Department Names Committee Listing of the luncheon committee of the military department for this semester was made public yesterday afternoon by Major Ross B. Warren of the field artillery unit. The following men are members of the luncheon committee: W, A. Ward, chairman, K. N. Kettenring, B. W. Gibson, E. L. Blakslee, L. B. McCammon, H. P. Wist, T. J. R. Stephens, W. G. Meese, W. L, Holcomb, and A W. Kettlei. These men weie chosen from the twenty highest ranking junior military students. The first luncheon will be held on May 5, and an inspection banquet about May 9, according to luncheon committee officials. Rabbi Chosen As Speaker For Next Religious Convo Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, Rabbi of the Temple, Cleveland, 0., has been chosen as speaker for the next convocation for worship on Sunday, February 18, it was announced today by Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman of the committee in charge. Dr. Silver is a well known preacher, thor, and lecturer. Music for the convocation will be furnished by the University choir of 180 voices and an echo choir of 30 voices. Both are under the direction of A. P. Stewart, Civil Service Announces Exams For Electricals Seniors in the Electrical Engineering school who are interested in !l^ederal Civil Service positions must have their applications for the competitive examinations on file in the Federal Communications Office at Washington, D. C. not later than March 4. Detailed information may be obtained at the Lafayette Post Office from C. P. Singley, acting secretary of the United States Civil Service Board of Examiners.
Band Leader Basketeers Journey To Hoosie/s Gym For 'Battle Of Century' By Rolfe Jenkins A conficieiit quintet of Boilermaker basketball players will take the floor tonight to face the slightly favored Hoosiers in the fieldhouse at Bloomington. Confident are the Boilermakers despite the fact thal; the team from Indiana University is boiling over with a general feeling of revenge since dropping their only game of its present season to Minnesota.
Doc Thrasher
INDIANA Armstrong W. Menke Zimmer Huffman (C) Dro
Probable Line-ups: Pos. F F C G 6
PURDUE Sprowl Igney Blanken Beretta (C) Fisher or Yeager
Doc Thrasher Will Play For Tonight's Mixer In Ballroom Doc Thrasher and his orchestra, who will play for the regular dollar mixer m the north ballroom tonight from 9 to 12, will also furnish the music for a swing session and variety program preceding the mixer. The session will likewise take place in the north ballroom, and will last from 7 to 8 o’clock. In addition to several numbers by Thrasher’s band, campus talent will be featured on the program. Jerry dial and Bill Alexander will present a comedy skit, a parallel to “Frankenstein.” Charles Powell and Jean Skinner will present vocal numbers, while Bill Adams will act as master of ceremonies. Played For Rassle Vocalists with Thrasher’s band are Vera Massey, Paul Miller, formerly of the University, Bill Pirtle, and Dick Ellis, “scat” singer. R*uth Hutchins, harpist with the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, will present a harp solo as part of the evening’s entertainment. Doc Thrasher was on the campus last fall when he played for the Riveter’s Rassle, He has also played in the Indiana University Commons Club, the Abraham Lincoln Hotel in Springfield, 111., and the Shadowland Ballroom, St. Joseph, Michigan. Louis Keeps Title In 15-Rdund Decision Last night Joe Louis, world’s heavyweight champion, successfully defended his heavyweight title in a 15 round battle against Arturo Godoy, the Argentine Battler, in Madison Square Garden before a crowd of 18,000 people. Godoy was the first man to go the full 15 rounds with Louis since the memorable “bicycle battle” of Louis and Bob Pastor. There were no knockdowns in the entire fight. Godoy constantly carried the fight, and in the closing rounds, was begging Louis to bring the fight to him instead of waiting until he, Godoy, came to Louis. Louis kept the title on a decision. Wesley Foundation . . . Student Council, through its president, William Harris, Jr., invites the Purdue public to a tea on Sunday, February 11, from 3 to 6 p. m., at the hpme of Rev. and Mrs. Wm. A. McFadden, 246 Wood St., West Lafayette. Co-eds, under the leadership of M|ss Grace Russell, wfll serve refreshments. Council members, guided by Everett Hobbs and Cornelia Caldwell, will act as hosts and hostesses.
Campus Varieties Will Broadcast From North Ballroom Featuring the music of Irvan Maury’s orchestra. Campus Varieties will originate from the north ballroom of the Union this afternoon instead of from the grill lounge of WRH as heretofore. The band will start playing at 2:30 p.m. and play until 3 o’clock, at which time the broadcast will start and last for an hour. Besides the music of Maury’s orchestra, vocals will be delivered by, Darlene Mahns, Eddie Beardsly, the band’s quartet, Charlie Powell, Alberta Schmadel, and Martha Lommel. Jim McKillip, pianist, and Bob Pettiner, accordianist, will round out the program. Carmichael Medley Many of the hit tunes of the day will have a featured place on the broadcast along with several new new tunes that are just beginning to become popular. The Carmichael Tune of the Week, a regular feature of Campus Varieties, will be a medley of three of the tunes from the musical comedy “Three After Three” which is a current stage success. Irv Given, band .director, has promised that for the half hour preceding the broadcast, he will play a variety of tunes that will catch the fancy of the students, hence, program officials urge anyone planning to attend to come early. Anyone interested in appearing on the program is again reminded that WBAA is holding musical tryouts Tuesday, February 13, at 6 p. m. in the main studio on the third floor of the EE building. Metal Convention Features Welding Opening of the twenty-first annual convention of the Sheet Metal and Warm Air Heating Contractors’ Association of Indiana yesterday afternoon featured the demonstration of gas and spot welding. At the annual dinner meeting of the organization last night, F. O. Jordan, director for the Industi’ial Training Institute, spoke on “Prospects for Future Business.” The convention will continue through tomorrow, when Pi-of. W. T, Miller and Prof. M. M. McClui’e, both of the University engineeringstaff, will speak. Newman Club ... in keeping with the holy season of Lent, pans a special program with the regular communion breakfast tomorrow at the St. Mary’s school haU after 9:30 Mass. Announcement concerning the coming retreat and the club’s progrram for the second semester will be made at the meeting. All Catholic students are urged to attend.
As usual, the starting five for the Gold and Black will be known only when the other members of the squad leave the floor at game time. With a wealth of capable players at hand. Piggy Lambert has been in the habit of starting tall men against tall opponents, fast’ men against fast opponents, long shot artists against tight defenses, and men who are hitting the basket in practice and who look good on the floor before the game. Starters That might put Bob Igney and Forest Sprowl at the forward positions, Don Blanken at center, and Dan Fisher and Captain Fred Beretta at guard. The last decade has brought about a transition in the
WBAA will broadcast the game starting at 7:15 o’clock. All available tickets haye been sold for the last three days. No tickets will go on sale at game time.
style of play which has virtually erased the center position from cage summaries. That allows Piggy to start four forwards and one guard. But there ^is the veteran Elwood Yeager, who has played a lot of guard for two and a half years. And there is Mickey Tierney, fiery sophomore guard. Red Caress, another sophomore, has also seen a lot of action at the guard position. There, in a nutshell, is the secret of Purdue’s success up-to-date. If one of the starting five is off form or lacks something against any particular system faced. Coach Lambert can jerk him out of the game and send in one of a trio which completes the 1940 starting “eight.” Long Siege Begiits It is Indiana’s pointed purpose to twist things around in the Big Ten to a certain extent, first by trouncing the only undefeated conference team tonight. On the other hand, the Boilermakers, who are returning to the hardwood for their first taste of Big Ten basketball since they played Minnesota nearly a (Continued on page 3) mm ^ ^ i WRH To Sponsor Tea Dance Today Large red hearts and lacy valentines will decorate the recreation rooms of the three Women’s Residence Halls where the residents and their guests will dance today from 4 to 7 o’clock. The occasion is the annual valentine tea dance sponsored by the WRH club. Music for dancing wUl be furnished by recordings made by leading dance bands. During the late afternoon a buffet supper will be served to the dancers in the dining rooms of the halls.
R. f. Insley
. . . Exponent editor-in-chief will be confined to the hospital for at least ten more days and vriU not receive visitors for a few more days. He is recovering from an appendictis operation which waa performed at the Home Hosi^tal last Thursday. /
'1yi '■ w
THE PUBDUE EXPONQit
Saturday, February 10, 1940
JonuMow Vn. JhsL QhuJichsiA. Presbyterian and Congregational Students Morning Program—At Ctotral Presbytenan Church, Lafayette. 9:30 a. m.—Student Discussion, led by Rev. Robert Thomas, “A Skeptic Looks at Life.” 10:40 a. m.—Morning Worship and Communion Service. Evening Program—At Westminster House, 129 Sheetz Street. 5:45 p. m.—Recreation Program Committee meeting. 6:00 p. m.—Sunday Evening Forum, Professor Frank Hall, of the University history department will speak on Current Events.
IfOICBoxhttiFinals YWaioSponsor
For Basic Students Set For Friday Night
By Georgaiui Schilling
Episcopal Students St. John’s Church 8:00 a. m.—Holy Communion. 10:45 a. m.—Morning Prayer and Sermon. Singing by choir of boys and men. 6:00 p. m.—Seabury Club. Dr. Victor Albjerg will speak on the topic, “Can Germany win?”
Methodist Students 9:30 a. m.—Sunday School Co-ed Department, “The Meaning of Lent.” I . Men’s Student Classes ' 1. “Religions of the World” — taught by Don Whitson 2. “The Bible” — taught by PrOf. J. T. Gunn. 3. “Christianity and Business” by Mr. W. H. Andrews. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Church Service. Sermon by Dr. 0. S. Steele on “Personal Poise.” 3:00 p. m.—Methodist Student Tea at 245 Wood St. 5:00 p. m.—Joint supper with the Hillel Foundation (15c) 6:30 p. m.—Joint program. Book Review of “The Nazarene” by Rabbi Sini.on. Music by a Negro Quartet from Mississippi, at the Wesley Foundation.
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Program at First Christian Church 9:30 a. m.—A quartette of colored student singers from Mississippi will entertain. These boys have a notable reputation. Prof. T. K. KosS will teach the student class, beginning a new sei’ies on the relation of personality to religion. 10:40 a. m.—Prof. Prank Hall will preach; on “Youth Faces a Hectic World,” in connection with the annual National Youth Sunday. ,5:30 p. m.—Vespers, Alice-Rob-bins leading. 6:00 p. m.—Recreation and opportunity to get acquainted. 6:30 p. m.—Discussion, beginning a new series on the relation of religion to personality. 7:30 p. m.—The Foundation Drama Group presents for the third and last time a powerful peace play in one act, three scenes, “Brothers.” It’s better than most movies and it’s free.
Baptist Students West Lafayette Baptist Church 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club Class, Dean M. L. Fisher, Teacher. 10:35 a. m.—Church Worship Race Relations. Sermon. 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Fellowship Hour Lunch Ten Cents. 6:30 p. m.—First Of Series on Youth and Marriage Lectures. “The Wedding Ceremony” by Joseph Baird Gleason. George Obborne will play the Wedding Marches and Miss Alberta Schmadel will sing several love songs. All students are welcome. * 7:30 p. m.^—The Roger Williams Club Deputation Team will sing and speak the regular evening church service. Methodist Minister Will Speak On Race Prejudice Dr. Robert Mosby, minister of the Simps'oh Methodist Church of Indianapolis, will speak in the east faculty lounge of the Union Tuesday, February 13. The subject of Dr. Mosby’s g^Idress will be “Race Prejudice.” With him will be a male quarter from his church. The lecture, which is being held under the auspices of the Purdue Religious Council, is open to the public.
By Jean Christy Last night the semi-finals of the military department’s annual boxing tournament were contested in the armory. Each of the seven weight divisions were reduced to two finalists and one alternate, except the 115 pound class, in which two men went to the finals. With cadet junior officers acting as referees, judges and handlers, in each of the seven rings, everything was kept running smoothly and efficiently. Although the skill and technique of the boxers had increased because of the experience gained in the eliminations, there was no change in the vigorousness with which the fighters slung leather. The matches were two rounds long, each round consisting of sixty seconds of bruising effort, and with no punches pulled. The atmosphere in the ,armory was Well-filled with flying leather from each of the seven rings. Finals Next Week At the end of the second day of competition. Captain Larr, officer i^ charge, expressed the opinion that the fighting had been extra-or-dinarily sportsman-like, .'and well conducted. The captain also announced that finals will take place on the intra-mural basketball floor of the fieldhouse next Friday night, February 16. The fights will consist of three two-minute rounds and will start promptly at 7 o’clock. Sergeant “Punchy” Maxwell, one time 126 pound champ in the United States Army, who is aiding in the supervision of the tourney, announced that he will give further instruction to those fighters interested on Monday, Tuesday, Wednes- . day, and Thursday afternoons of next week. He will be available in the Armory from 4 till 5:30. “Punchy” also stated that all fighters and alternates must report to the Fieldhouse by 6:30 next Friday night, with a medical certificate. SeA^eral of the fighters were outstanding in their weight divisions. Among them are R. A. Johnson, W. H. Dwyer, and J. R. Lander. The finalists and alternates are: Heavyweight—R. L. Dilts, E. R. Ness—D. E. Meyer. 175 Pounds—J. R. Lander, C. B. Wolfe—M. C. Mullins. 160 Pounds—L. E. Osborne, L. E. Wright^—J. H. Brown. 145 Pounds—R. A. Johnson, S. L. Reed—B. O. Richards. 135 Pounds—P. E. Brady, T. J. Scheurell—L. R. Clark. • 125 Pounds—R. W. Phillips, W. H. Dwyer—L. A. Welbaun. Those designated as alternates receive six merits and a bronze njedal, while the finalists have a chance at higher honors. John Vernon ... PE '40, of Rochester, and Martha Walters, a former Indiana University co-ed from Rochester, were recently married at the home of Mr. and Mrs. George Walters in Lafayette. Vernon is a member of the University basketball and baseball teams and president of Theta Chi social fraternity.
Comes Friday night and a little man called Little Jack Little opens the Interfraternity Ball to the tune of Little By Little. Greek letter men and their dates danced last night in the south ballroom of the Union in a fraternity atmosphere created by large lighted Greek-letter pins.
—H&H—
Little and company have been in the music-making business a good many years. The miniature maestro not only directs the band but also does the announcing, sings, and plays sold parts on the piano. One of the hits of the evening’s entertainment was the number “My Man” as sung, by the blonde songstress, Kathleen Quinn.
—H & fl—
Yesterday and the day before reminded us of London in Lafayette. It looks like the spring rains are about to Set in, people. We’re heading for the Senate office to try and locate the umbrella we lost last Fall.
—H&H—
Imagine our surprise when we heard someone ask, “Who is playing for the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Dance?” We thought everyone knew that the evening’s downbeat is to be furnished by the All-Ameri-can piano player. Bob Zurke, and his band. Most of the organized coeds are planning big things for this evening, the one really formal co-ed bid dance of the year.
—H & H—
Memo to Myself: Try to invent mud guards for co-ed’s legs for wear at Purdue on days like We’ve
)een having.
At last . . . JOHN STEINBECK'S best-selling novel and prize-winning stage play NOW becomes the year's most distinguished picture . . . bringing to the screen men and women who shatter every Hollywood convention to reveal their strange impassioned drama.
VNITED ARTISTS
STEINBECK
BlJftGESS MEREDITH * BETTY FIELD * LON CHANEY In
MARS
— 5 BIG DAYS — Starting TODAY
Co-eds will present stunts at the Campus Capers to be ^iveil February 24 at 7 o’clock in the south ballroom of the Union. Campus Capers is the first entertainment of its kind to be put on by co-eds on the Purdue campus. Each sorority except Alpha Chi Omega and Kappa Alpha Theta will give a stunt, and each of the three Residence Halls will participate. Campus Capers is sponsored by YWCA. Ruth Bryant is committee chairman. ' Beta Sigma Pi . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of John Schnaible, Lafayette, and John Lottes, Pitts-
burgh, Pa.
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
A.S.M.E.; All members who have hot received their cards and emblems may call for them Thursday, Saturday or Tuesday in Prof. Copes office (ME 112) between the hours of 10 and 11.
Varsity Batterymen: All varsity battery candidates will report in the Fieldhouse, February 12, at 4 p. m. —FEHKING.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, February 10 by schools as follows: Students whose name begin with — A-E incl. ' Room 201 Civil Engineering Building. F-Le incl. Room 101 Michael Golden Shops. Li-R incl. Room 254 Electrical Building. S-Z incl. Room 129 Electrical Building. —KNAPP.
Cheerleaders: Meet in tumbling room of fieldhouse at 1:30 p. m. Saturday, February 10, for Debris picture. All possible please be there. —DUNSHEE.
Announcement of an opportunity for University men between the ages of 20-27 to undergo Navy Flight training was made yesterday' by the United States Navy Flight Selection Board. Lieutenant Sliney, member of the Flight Squadron Board, will explain Navy training to the interested members of the senior class in room 308 of the ME building on Thursday, February 15, at 1:15 o’clock.. Lieutenant Sliney will be available after the meeting and all day of Friday, February 16, at Professor K. D.. Wood’s office, room 210 of the ME building, for interviews with students. Requirements are that the candidate be unmarried, between the ages of 20-27, have a minimum of two years of college credits, and that he is in good physical condition. Arthur Nutt Discusses Aitierican Aircraft Arthur Nutt, vice-president for engineering of the Wright Aeronautical Corporation and president of the Society of Automotive Engineers, compared United States’ fighting aircraft with those of nations at war in Europe last night in the Antlers Hotel in Indianapolis. Nutt under the title, “What’s Going on in the Air,” discussed the development of three distinct classes of aircraft engines; pure military engines, pure transport engines, smaller powerplants for use in schools and for private airplanes.
WAA: All girls interested in the ping pong or shuflleboard tournament please sign in the women’s gym immediately. (2-11) —HOLDEN. All organizations: Any organization, desiring a meeting room in the Union this semester please send me before Saturday noon, February 10, preference as to room, date, time, approximate number of people attending, and the number of times a month the organization will meet. —COOPER.
PIA Members: The constitution will be amended Monday, February 12. All members Interested in voting come to the PIA office at 7:30 p. m. , —HINSHAW.
Garden Club: Meeting Saturday, February 10, at 7 :30 p. m. in Room 263 of the Union. —PHILLIPS.
Wesley Foundation: Freshman commission meeting Saturday, February 10, at 7:30 p. m. Meeting will last only one-half hour. Important. —DOUGLAS.
Junior Military: All Juniors report to supply room at once to be measured for leggings for summer camp. —HATTAN.
Marriage Lectures: The first of a aeries of Youth and Marriage lectures, "The Wedding Ceremony” will be presented Sunday, February 11, at 6:30 p. m. in the West Lafayette Baptist Chui'ch. Everyone invited. —FORD.
Purdue Peace Fellowships: Those wishing to attend the state Christian Pacifist Conference in Indianapolis the afternoon and evening of Saturday, February 10, contact Ed Clark, 76602, for transportation. Paul Harris is among the speakers. —BELCHER.
Cadet Officers’ Luncheon Committee: Meeting Monday, February 12, at 4 p. m. in Major Warren’s office. —WARD.
Exponent Co-ed Staff: Saturday workers report promptly at 1 p. m. today, February 10- —CARROLL.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, February 13, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 343 of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
Union Sophomores: Important meeting in the Union office, Monday, February 12, at 4 p. m. Those expected are C. Brandt, T. Hays, J. Wolff, M. R. Craig, C. Reifers, K. Hawkins. —HOFFER. Kappa Delta Pi: First meeting of the second semester will be held in room 201 of the Education building, 7 :30 p. m. Tuesday, February 13. Open meeting with Dr. Davis speaking. —BRODY.
ARC
— Last Times Today —
— AND — 'HAWAIIAN NIGHTS' — WITH — MARY CARLISLE — ALSO —
—SUNDAY - MONDAYHOTEL FOR WOMEN HERITAGE of the DESERT
r'f
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
‘This year, Elwyn and I have decided to economize—^we’re not buying anything we can’t get on credit!”
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. FOR RENT
WANTED—Roommates. Two room apartment, bathroom adjoining^ Single beds. 157 Pierce, Phone 76634.
Lost—Slide rule (LLD). Finder please call Clarence Laliberte at 3063. Reward.
WANTED—Bicycle, recent model, balloon tires, 28 in. rim's, good condition. Blackwell 8446.
LOST—Please return Dietzgen slide rule No. 661,461 to owner or to Union Iiost and Found. No questions. Reward.
WANTED—A student to share a modern apartment. Close in to the University. Ph. 2305. ■
FOR RENT—Single roOm. 122 Pierce entrance. 86271.
ROOM FOR RENT—Super-modern, furnished apartment, electric refrigeration, private entrance, private bath. 316 N. Salisbury.
FOR SALE—1929 Essex Coach ^— Two new rear tires — upholstering good. 629 North Fifth.
FOR RENT—One single room, one double. Modem. Reasonable. 422 N. Salisbury.
ROOMMATE WANTED: Quiet room, downstairs. Stoker 'heat, close to Union. Rent reasonable ; may work for part of rent. Phone 2769.
KAPPA KEY LOST Wednesday, January 31. If found please call Alice Reed, 4079. Reward. ^
PLEASANT ROOM, FACULTY HOME, Hills and Dale’s. Single, or share double. Seniors, graduates, instructors. Dial 2174.
CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION You will be pleased with our method of instruction and reasonable rates NEW BALLROOM CLASS FOR BEGINNERS OPEN Wed. Feb. 28, 7:30 p. m. Indiana's Largest Dancing School ENROLL NOW—PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S and Ferry
MaicI
LAST DAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS OPEN YOUR HEART
— PLUS — He knows more about Murder than any man alive!
MARJORIE REYNOLDS GRANT WITHERS
STARTS SUNDAY '
HIIT-Ufillini! nEUIS! The* new film hit by the producer of "Ninotchka ” is here! It’s swell! A/IMGMET SyiLMAN , ' STEWART iH the Ernst Lubitsch production ARMND with Frank MOiMN Joseph SCflILDKRAUT -LAST TIMES TODAY— PRESTON FOSTER ELLEN DREW ANDY DEVINE — IN — "GERONIMO"
LUMA —SUNDAY - MONDAY— Featuring the Song Sensation of the Nation.
TOM BROWNXPEGGY M0RA.N Allen-JENKINS’^ADonald MEEK Betty Jane RHODES - '■ '
PLUS—^ZND FEATURE
Poramouni prcsonu FRANK ‘LLOYD'S
Douglas Fairbanks,
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES RICHARD ARLEN in "DANGER ON WHEELS" — ALSO — "IN OLD CALIENTE"t 4
4
•’ty* J
Saturday. February 10, 1940
£xfiomjnL SfioijUu ficufiL
MatTeam WillOppose OhioStateSquadln FirstConferenceMeet Purdue’s westling squad will face Ohio State University’s mat squad in the Fieldhouse this afternoon at four o’clock. This meet will be the Boilermaker’s first conference match of the current season.
For the accommodation of the large crowd expected to attend the meeting of the two Big Ten foes, the extra seats of the Fieldhouse have caused the meet to be moved to that spot instead of the Fieldhouse gym where matches heretofore have been held. A loud speak--ing system, the one used for basketball games, will be used during the meet. The visiting Buckeyes are as strong as ever, having won four out of five meets already this year against major opponents. Big Ten Runner-Up Downes, Ohio captain, is a heavyweight and was runner-up in the Big Ten meet last year, and he holds the Mid-West AAU championship for the heavyweight class. His opponent will be A1 Rossi, Purdue junior, who is a football tackle, and a lad who has never been defeated in collegiate competition. In the 156 pound class, Ohio State has Myers, a matman who is expected to go places in the Big Ten meets this season, while still in another class the visitors will have a conference threat in Montenero, a Spanish boy of 146 pounds who has been a consistent point collector for the Bucks since his sophomore year.
Camera Club . . . announces the election of the following officers: president, W. Gephart; vice-president, R. Beavers; and secretary, Vivian Dickerson. The club also annoimces the inauguration of a series of programs to educate the beginners in taking, developing, and printing pictures, starting next Wednesday night.
Ohio Runners In the 121 pound division, the Buckeyes have Varney and Bashara. These two boys’ weights fluctuate so much that they divide the 121 and 128 pound duties between themselves. At 136 pounds, Ohio State has Haynes, and at 165, the Bucks will turn Liburn loose on the Boilermakers. Sanzbyn is the light heavyweight grappler for the Bucks. For the Boilermakers, Coach Reeck has announced that the following will climb between the ropes: 121, Fredricks; 128, Anderson; 136, Timms; 145, Linderman or Papurca; 155, Captain Willey; 166, Kemperman or Post; 175, Aronson or Montgomery; heavyweight, A1 Rossi.
TOM’S ICE CREAM Did you ever try Tom’s Ice Cream? So Good - So Tasty Butterscotch, Vanilla, Chocolate 25c qt.
m Wl
J^me Imported Perfumes For Falentine Gifts Fine perfume is the third part of real happiness. Two lovers together means happiness . . . add one exquisite perfume and you have that important third ingredient that means perfect happiness. Real Romeos fortify their positions with a Valentine presentation of our fine imported perfumes. Guerlain Shalimar $10.00 Caron ...*1 / Christmas Night.. .. $10.00 Caron French Cancan $7.00 Caron Fleur de Rocaille $8.00 Caron Bellodgia $6.00 Corday Tzgane $8.00 Corday Toujour Moi $5.50 Corday Ardent Night $7.50 Corday Possesion $7.50 Weil Cassandra $10.50 Weil Bamboo $5.50 Weil Zibeline $8.50 Weil Noir $4.50 Schiaparelli Shocking $12.00 Schiaparelli Salute $10.00 Schiaparelli Soucis' $10.00 Lanvin My Sin $5.50 D’Orsay Belle du Jour . , $3.50 D’Orsay Le Dandy $5.50 D’Orsay Throphee $3.50 Arden Blue Grass $12.00 Arden Night and Day $5.00 Worth Golliwoog $7.50 Worth Heure Intime $3.75 Worth Je Revien $6.50 Worth Secret of Suzanne $5.00 Giro Surrender $5.00 Ciro Danger ;$ 12.00 Lentheric Tweed, Miracle, Shanghai, Anticipation, A’Bientot, Numero No. 12 and Carnation $12.50 to $15.00 LafayettPs Friendly Shopping Center
fielder's P I uhoice
by Robert J. Deckard
Hotter’n a constable’s pistol doing over duty! . . . Faster’n a streamlined jack rabbit with floating power!
—^fc— That’s the forecast of tonight’s “Game of the Century” between Purdue’s conference pace-setting quintet and Indiana’s challenging five that engage in a net affair at Bloomington, where the sportlights of the nation shine on a brace of torrid Hoosier outfits battling for their lives! —^fc— No other game during the present season has attracted so much attention as this one toqight . . . all available tickets for the game have been taken care of . . . sports pages have been covered with stories, statistics, features, and cuts on these two teams ... everyone has talked nothing but" the PU-IU game. —^fc— He«re at Purdue no grass has been growing under the Boilermakers’ feet during practice sessions. . . . Freddie “Guillotine” Beretta, as a scribe in Lafayette wrote about him, is in gear again after being bothered temporarily with a char-ley-horse . . . but Mr. B. will be in harness tonight as will the rest of the outfit which is in top-notch form. \ —^fc—^ Down at Bloomington we hear that the Cream and Crimson contingent is in its prime . . . tonight it has to shoot the works in order to stay in the conference race, because one more loss—lU has one conference defeat already—wtould probably be fatal.
Nevertheless, the Hoosiers, with the best all-season record of any conference five, having dropped but a single game, have become favorites with many in tonight’s game by virtue of their impressive win over blazing-hot DePaul last week . . . but the Boilermakers, on the other hand, have made a more impressive mark versus common conference foes as they have battled to the top of the Big Ten standing. —fc— Generally, experts are confounded in trying to establish a favorite. ... In many previous games between the two teams, the favorite lost . . . this may be put to the contrary . . . naturally, lU will have some advantage because it is playing on its home floor . . . but between these two clubs, it’s a toss-up every game. ... So throw up a nickel, folks. —^fc— But there’s one organization that’s optimistic . . . the Purdue Association of Indianapolis recently made a survey among its members with respect to forecasting the final score of tonight’s affair . . .’the mean score of this was Purdue 42, Indiana 37. —^fc— Here at Purdue we hope it .ends up that way! —^fc— In case you didn’t get hold of one of the precious pasteboards that lets you in tonight’s game, you might switch on the radio to WBAA, Lafayette, or WBOW, Terre Haute, to hear the broadcast . . . WIRE, Indianapolis, will carry a play-by-play transcription at 10:15 p. m. after the game.
CANADA DRY
DAD'S
Ginger Ale - Lime Rickey
PLACE
Tom Collins - Sparkling Water
So Handy
ROLLS
They’re Good Tender and delicious rolls . . . done to a turnl They're grand eating with any meal. Graves’ quality Bakery Phone 3852 124 State, W.L. “Catering to Fraternities and Sororities”
Freshmen Cagers To Play Between Halves Of Iowa Encounter Here Feb. 26 Providing the Boilermaker fans with their second glimpse of this year’s edition of Riveter yearlings, the freshman basketball squad will play a ten minute game between halves of the Iowa tussle here at the Fieldhouse on February 26. TwO TcamS
Boilermakers Renew Campaign Tonight (Continued from page 1)
month ago, are getting set for a 24day aggressive-defense of their lead in which eight more battles will conclude the Western Conference campaign of 1940. By March 4 the ten teams will have completed their respective schedules, and the nation will have a better idea as to whether the “team” style of basketball or the “one-man-star” style is superior. The 1938 squad decidely overshadowed by ^the All-American Jewell Young, captured the conference championship, and the present contingent rests in first place with one-third of the season gone and has a chance of repeating the performance of Young and company without a player in the top scoring bracket. Menke and Quartet Indiana’s starting line-up is as much a mystery at the present instant as is Purdue’s. There is one thing certain about the starting quintet for the Cream and Crimson, however. Bill Menke will be among those present. The great pivot man has been one of the main reasons for the undefeated pre-conference results and the three Big Ten wins which the Hoosiers have gained. Menke may start at forward tonight, however, so that Branch McCracken can use his squad’s height to the greatest advantage. In Menke’s place at center, in the event that McCracken does move the veteran to forward, will probably be Zimmer, tall sophomore center. Armstrong, high scorer for the Hoosiers in their first four Big Ten games, will be the other forward, with Captain Huffman and Dro at the guard posts. Why The Odds The decisive triumph over DePaul along with the advantage of playing on their own floor, has made the Hoosiers favorites. They will either slide the Boilermakers into a tie for first place or shove them up a notch tonight. All other conference teams see section again, Minnesota trying to maint^ain its fast pace at Illinois, Michigan
Coach Dutch Fehring has split the frosh contingent into two groups and is expecting a fast, even battle between the two batches of first year netmen. Both groups will have seven players to throw into the game and Dutch has promised that all of them will see some action before the local fans. Balanced Teams “Splinter” Johnson, a product of last year’s championship Frankfort five, will hold down the center post on the Red quintet. It was Johnson who earlier in the season ran the varsity ragged in the annual frosh-varsity tilt. Along with “Splinter,” the Red squad will boast of: Fields, Crump, Hoffman, Carter, Wulff, and Mast. More Seaborg Warren Seaborg, another star of the frosh-varsity tussle and former South Bend star, will be the main cog in the Green quintet’s endeavors. Reiley, Krampe, Kieffer, Duncan, Summer, and Comer will make up the rest of the squad.
/-M Schedules
BASKETBALL
Today Court 1—J. Kurtz. :00—Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 11. .•15—Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 14. :00—Ward 22 vs. Ward 42. :15—Ward 40 vs Ward 2. Court 2—J. Mann :00—Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 9 :16—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 12. :00—Ward 39 vs. Ward 41. :15—Ward 8 vs. Ward 13. Court 3—F. A. Smithson. :00—Cary Hall 10 vs. Cary Hall 16. :15—Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. :00—Ward 25 vs Ward 11. 15—Ward 10 vs Ward 2. Court 4—M. Aronson-J. L. Welsch. 00—Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 8. 15—Sigma Pi (A) vs. Alpha Gamma Rho (A). ■00—Ward 24 (A) vs. Ward 6 (A).
meeting Northwestern at Evanston, Ohio State invading Chicago and Iowa trying to break into the black column in its home game with Wisconsin. The Boilermakers slip back past the campus to play in Chicago Monday night. They have an old score to settle with the Maroons, who humiliated Coach Lambert’s quintet in the last game of the 1939 season at the Fieldhouse. Lounsbury dropped in a basket in the final seconds of the game to give the Chicago quintet a 28-26 upset and the Boilermakers their sixth loss of the year.
Martha Washington Candy For VALENTINE DAY at Vellinger’s Pharmacy 834 Main Street Order Early - We Pack for Mailing
Cast Your Eyes
on
BASKETBALL Follow the team to Indiana this week-end. We want the .whole gang there to celebrate the victory. Peter Anderson
525 Alabama 24 Hour Service
Phone 4048 After You We Come PintTHE PUHDIJE EXPONENT
Saturday, February 10, 1940
But
By Vladimir Now that we are setting down to a good solid typeAvriter, we can write. At first we tried typing this column out on a portable at home, but it was futile. As we pounded on the keys, the machine would slowly inch backwards until it was out of reach. Each time we threw the carriage to start a new line, the light weight galloping-alphabet jumped approximately six inches to the right. But we fooled it. We sat it down sideways on a round table and just kept following it around. It worked fine for about three paragraphs—then we, got dizzy. ‘ ^ ^ . So here we are, in front of a good sturdy machine with a good solid base, and the only thing we lack is inspiration. H= 4= * For one solid three-quarters of an hour we sat in the ballroom yesterday afternoon watching Little Jack Little and his Bolero Rhythm warm up and play a half hour program over WBAA. We were impressed. And we are proud to report that the second: piano player with the baird is the most bored looking individual we have ever had the misfortune to observe. This individual was slouched on the piano bench in front of the Steinway and looked—no, on second thought he didn’t look, he just slouched. When Little Jack would sing or take a notion to stroll in front of the band, the bored individual would half-heartedly move his hands on the keyboard, place on foot on the
Purdue Exponent
B. E. Insley EditoT-in-Chief W. E. Smith Business MsnaKef D. G. Terrio, Editorial Director; G. W. Frederick, Managing: Editor; E. M. Antonini, Senior Advertising Manager; G. Schilling, Co-ed Editor; R. Jenkins, Sporis Editor. Phones; Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. Entered as seeond class matter at the post offioa la Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for la section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January SO, 192^ Fubliahed daily except Monday during the tetnlMr academic year and weekly daring the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for |3.00 per year, mall subscription $8.60. Represented for national advertising by National, Edvertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Hepresentativea, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Night Editor, Miers Ass’t Night Editor, Parks Day Editor,' Burtsfield Saturday, February 10, 1940.
pedals, and take tip the piano rhythm. All the while keeping both eyes on the audience. Little Jack was just the opposite. He obviously enjoyed rippling up and down the ivories with his fingers, and HE really worked at play. Made grimaces and everything, and threw both shoulders into his work. It’s easy to see why he is not playing second piano for someone. We’ll close by mentioning the publicity letter we received from Allis Chalmers Manufacturing Company today. They state, among other things, “Once a place on the payroll is won, it really isn’t necessary to marry the boss’ daughter to get ahead.” They continue, “Despite the deplorable lack of officials’ daughters here . That’s far enough for us.
£jtheA. ^diiA,
Bull
But even if it did take less time, it surprises us that any true Pur-
By Hank Miller
Session
due student would be so rude and unthoughtful as to deliberately tramp across the oval. It’s bad
After about eight days of worry and frantic efforts to complete arrangements to broadcast the game tonight, the FCC finally sent WBAA officials the much sought after consent to operate after regular broadcasting hours, but not before many people involved had grown a few more grey hairs and lost a few more pounds of weight.
—e-e—
After all is said and done, WBAA will be on the air tonight from 7:15 until the completion of the game direct from Bloomington. 'This game will not be a recreation from a telegraphic report as we said yester-
game and between halves.
Campus Varieties on Saturday af-
will also furnish a half hour of music before the broadcast, from 2:30 to 3, besides playing for the show. Another Lincoln drama will take the air tonight during the National Barn Dance at 8 o’clock on WLS. Marvin Mueller who will play the lead role has commented on Lincoln’s voice about which there has been much controversy. “I think Lincoln must have spoken with a Middle West accent,” says Mueller, “there are many students who think Lincoln had a high, thin voice, and just as many think his voice was deep and heavy. A high, thin voice never would portray Lincoln’s strength of character in a radio broadcast so there isn’t much choice there.” —e-e— Long noted for his “queer” ideas in radio dramatics, Arch Oboler, former “Lights Out” writer, is still presenting play$ of the same type on his “Arch Oboler’s Plays” heard tonight at 7 p. m. on WMAQ. His play last week dealt with an airplane stopping and hanging in midair for three hours with all motors dead. The play this week deals with a newspaper editor in a small Indiana town and is called “Old Man Chump.” —e-e— 73 for now, see you in Blooming-
ton.
Dave Hartman ... was elected president of the Riding Club at the club’s meeting last Thursday night. He succeeds Dean Meyer, a mid-term graduate. A tentative program of events was outlined at the meeting for the third annual Gymkhana which will be held this spring on Mother’s Day, May 6 .
Dear Mr, Bull Session, It’s really a sad note when the University has to put up fences to keep the students from tramping across the oval, but it’s a sad note when the fences are ingored and the students go to all the trouble to climb over them so they can walk in the mud. Why they want to walk in the mud will probably always remain a mystery. It takes less time and energy to walk around the oval than it does to climb over the fence and pick one’s way through the mud. We timed it ourselves just to make sure.
^ _ vvvxwoxxcA AO ur,y, but with the turf in it’s present condition it doesn’t take very many people walking alqfig the same path before the grass gets killed. We hope Purdue students have a better nature, at least we are going to appeal to it and ask if they can’t keep off the oval, at least un till the ground gets in better condition. T. P. E. “A Lover of the Greensward.”
Be sure and gulp down that orange juice and coffee this morning . . . it might help you to get rid of that headache you bought yourself last night. If you really, did things “little-by-little” last night, you should have nothing to
worry about today.
—B & B—
INTERESTING IF TRUE ... is the fact that the Purdue co-eds have picked the typical ed as the “ideal” mate. The new marriage course has brought forth the fact that the average ed fits the ideal of our co-eds, conversely, the co-eds only measure up to be one-half as good as the male students desire .... in other words, dear children, the co-eds should pick^ their husbands out right here, but the eds should go elsewhere to find their prospective mates.
—B & B—
In yestei'day’s paper we told you that Kenny Crouch had put his pin on'a high school senidr. Today we have an addition to the same affair. It seems that Theta Chi pledge, “Frenchy” Leineweber, has put his pledge pin on the same little filly. For a high school girl, Alice May seems to be doing all right for herself . . . hope the Theta Chis don’t miss the pledge pin.
—B & B—
At last Georgia Baker is letting his pin girl out of his ^ight. Yesterday found Wilma Bear in the Sweet Shop without Georgie . , . we only wish that some of you other lads would get on the ball and cut his throat . . . after all we have to have some dirt and you might not fair so badly as she seems to have that bored look in those questioning (?) eyes. , ,
'K E. Hobson . . . BSEE ’32, MSE ’33 pow employed as central station engineer by the Westinghouse Company was recently chosen as one of two recipients of honorable mention awards by Eta Kappa Nu, electrical engin-
eering honorary.
These awards are made annually by the society to outstanding engineers who have Ijieen out of school less than ten years. Hobson is the second Purdue graduate to receive the award since it was first given
in 1936.
iff
TbiwA.
WBAA I
Saturday
11:00—Just Kids 11:16—Carolyn Wood-soprano 11:30—High School Guest 12:00—The Woman Shopper 12:16—Tune Time—Ghas. Powell 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 12:45—Market Reports -1:00-—^Radio Stage 1:30—Monitor Views the News 2:00—Stamp Club 2:15—Tea Time 3:00—Campus Varieties
It. seems a shame that “Kissy” Witt> SPE Prexy, has to import for the dance when he has a perfectly wonderful platonic friend-i ship built up in the WRH ... the platonic friendship would get him out so much cheaper.
—B&B—
This morning’s joke: You looking at your bank balance ( if you’ have one) and computing the expense of last night as compared to amount of fun received .. . suckers.
—B & B—
If you don’t have a date tonight call 6041 and ask for Marge Baumgart . . . if she has a date she might give you some good advice.
The fiiftieth anniversary of its founding will be celebrated by the University of Chicago in 1941.
1 — , the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A RISK dr. LUTH6R A. RISK dr. HAROLD J. RISK
4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
DR. A. M. IRION
DENTIST
1191/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
• Jewelers / R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
DR. C. E. SURRATT
OPTOMETRIST
522 Main St. Phone47'ji‘ LAFAYETTE. INDIANA
Hays leweiry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices ^
• Dairy Products
MAURICE P. LORD
DENTIST
306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Tin Shop
• Hardware
john Balkema
Tin Shop
Tin Work of All Descriptions 104 Main St. Phone 685,2
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop
Qualify Flowers
Main at 7th Phone 6050
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.-—Lower Prices 822 Malri Phone 2777
• Dine
• Tailor
COME OVER!
EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN
808 AAain St.
Jc riE SOUP cona Se
SPARRENOAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Perry Sta. I
By Mary K. Miller Gome out, all ye Ping Pong enthusiasts, and enter into competition. Sign-up sheets for the tour- i ney are posted in the lobby of the gym. The schedule will be drawn up the first of next week and will be posted. The winner of the tourney gets 100 WAA points, 76 points go to the runners-up, and 6 points to the participants of each
game.
—waa— ■ A shuffleboard tournament is also on the docket of mid-winter sports. All co-eds interested are invited to participate. Sign up this week! The schedule will be announced in the near future. ' "" —^waa— Mixed recreation is again being featured at the women’s gymnasium every Friday evening at 7 o’clock. Come over and use up some of that excess energy. There is a charge of 10c for men who wish to swim. Everything else is free. Please wear gym shoes. —^waa— The following co-eds have been chosen for the class volleyball teams:' Seniors: Stears, Mermelstein, Sticher, Clymer, Shroeder, Morris, Walker, Sexton, Johnson, and Cook, Juniors: J. Davis, J. Stickler,. J. Spry, Schlitter, M. McKnight, J. Brind, K. Holden. Sophomores: Suttner, M. Bailey, B. Van Nice, Kirkhoff, 0. Metzger, M. Lee, M. Buergler, J. Kendall, K. Ade, M. Dawson, and M. Jones, Freshmen: M. Mannen,R. Walker, H. Chatfield, K. Blank, B. Bower, M. Click, K. Ramsdell, B. Stephens, F. Orenstein, E. Goldberg. The class games will be played Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday of the week at 4 p. m. Be there and root for your-class.
Learn a Lesson
in Sex Appeal from Crown^s Distinctive Service
Many a heart has been won by a thrilling Personal Appearance. For, remember when the opposite sex looks at you, they never forget the attractiveness of your
Clothes.
HAVE YOUR CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGULARLY Crown Mmmi
M C ■ UF- . -
H E € L E A N E
^ 1 N E C L D T H E s
NOW OPEN! Goodwin's Shoe Store
W. L.
302 State St. WEST LAFAYETTE Featuring
For Men and Boys America’s Best Known Shoes $4.00 $5.00 $0.50
Also Smith Smart - Hanon
Dr. Reed
And for the Children “Thorogoods” The Shoes with the Good Bottoms Goodwin’s Shoes R ^^od Ones