)
i
m M
°The Baseball Team Lost, 4-2/ But...
x-tas
Founded In 1889
xMmem If Daily Since 1906
The Track Team Squelched BU, fOCLSI
Volume 52, No. 161
West Lafayette, Indiana
Simday, April 20, 1941
t /
it
Germans Capture Mt. Olympus; Drive On Allied Defenses Berlin, Apr. 19.—Today the swastika of Nazi Germany waves above historic Mount Olympus in Greece as the German forces continued to drive the combined British and Greek forces back from their second line capturing Larisa, vitally important railroad terminal 30 miles to the south, according to a communique from the high command. In the west other German troops are pushing through the Allied line in the Pindus mountains. Planes Cut OIF Greeks Nazi sources said that panzer divisions and mountain troops, with the aid of dive bombers had reached the plains of Thessaly, but did not claim to have broken the main British defense line. The air attack was also directed against the Greek forces in the west which withdrew from Albania, evidently with the purpose of cutting off the whole left wing of the Greek army. German storm troops dispatched mountain chasseurs after battling their way to the southern side of Mt. Olympus, who planted the Nazi emblem where the throne of Zeus, ruler of the gods in ancient Greek msrthology, is supposed to have stood. Allies Withdraw Reports indicate that the Allies will attempt to withdraw their entire line some 30 miles to the south to take up new defense positions on the Lamia-Karavasara line. If so, the British right flank will make a stand at Thermopylae, where the Spartan King Leonidas with 800 men held back the vastly superior Persian army until every man in his ranks was dead in 480 B. C. Heavily armored German divisions have now poured into the Larisa area after forcing the British ^rom heavily fortified mountain positions in the east. The drive, which was accomplished only after huge losses by the attacking forces, places the Nazi spearhead within 160 miles of Athens. II I < ipimm Senate Job Petitions Available Tomorrow Petitions for freshmen and sophomores desiring positions as Senate representatives will be available in the Senate office, tomorrow from 4 to 6 o’clock. Each petition must be returned to the office Monday, April 28, bearing 60 signatures of members of the same class and school as that of the petitioner. The representatives will be chosen as follows; Freshmen—one each from Home Economics, Science, Agriculture, four from Engineering, and one from Pharmacy and Physical Education combined; Sophomores—one each from Agriculture, Science, Home Economics, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, one from Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering combined, one from Pharmacy and Physical Education combined, and one from Civil Engineering, Public Service Engineering, and Trade and Industrial Engineering combined. Elections will be held the first week of May, the exact date to be announced later. The elected students will work until the last part of May, at which time. Senate officials will choose the persons to fill the appointive sophomore and junior positions. These appointive positions will be filled from the elected men (or co-eds) and the regular workers. d.s. • Alpha Lambda Delta Holds Initiation This Morning Alpha Lambda Delta, freshmen wqmen’s scholastic honorary, will initiate its pledges this morning at 9 o’clock in room 826 of the Union. Following the initiation, the traditional spring breakfast will be served to old and new members in the West Faculty Lounge of the Un-
Realistic Set Aids Last Perfol’mance Of 'Bachelor Born'
By John Armstrong Ringing down the final curtain on the last Playshop production of the year, members of the cast of “Bachelor Born” are entitled to the laudatory comments and praises heard among last night’s audience. Bill Sharpies, senior depicting the role of Donkin, turned in a “very convincing performance,” did a “neat job,” and “successfully handled a difficult-role,” according to audience comment. Another character who scored a definitd*hit with the audience was Richard Kohls. Hisses were even elicited by his portrayal of the prim headmaster, disaffectionately known as “the egg.” “A strong supporting cast, many of the characters of which almost stole some-scenes, gave the play a well-rounded completeness,” was one pertinent comment. Contributing no small part to the excellence of the performance was an unbelievably substantial appearing' set. 'A door, which really slammed without the customary earthquake effect and stone walls which brought to the spectator the real English atmosphere of the play, were evident marks of the craftsmanship of the stage crew. Observers Predicted British Balkan Failure Before Army Landed By William H. Stoneman SPECIAL RADIO To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, April 19. — Whatever happens to Great Britain’s expeditionary force in the Balkans will be no more serious than what many military observers thought was bound to happen to it when plans for such an expedition were originally discussed. Objections to such an expedition were so many and convincing that, at first, it seemed out of the question, despite a strong desire to help the Greeks. Most poople did not think that such a force could be landed with its mechanical equipment, or that it could be supplied. All agreed that if it were landed, it would have only one chance in 10 of stemming the Germans. All were equally agreed that unless a miracle happened, the Empire troops would be lucky to escape from the venture. Today these forces are fighting the most desperate kind of a rearguard action and are reported to be giving ground yard by yard before masses of armored German units that are attacking persistently and regardless of losses. It looks as though they will still be fightihg as long as their Greek allies remain in battle and they seem fully prepared to fulfill their original desperate assignment, which was to prevent “the Greeks from being let down.” Empire ^ forces have alrep,dy fought long and hard enough to convince the world that '“Greece hain’t been let down.” According to many opinions, they have remained in Greece far longer than the most daring strategical conception would allow. ME Insirudors To Attend Steel Discussion Friday Several members of the engineering faculty . will attend the meeting of the Central Indiana section of ASME next Friday, April 26, at the Jlotel Warren in Indianapolis. Program for the meeting will include a talk by N. Ci. Pearcy of the Public Utility Engineering and Service Company of Chicago on “Electricity and the Steel Industry.” It will deal principally with problems of generation, transmission, and utilization of electric energy^ in steel mills.
Riveter Nine Drops Another
Close One To Ohio State, 4-2 “
Alpha Phi Omega Plan 3'Day Fingerprinting Drive To Aid Students Thumbs and printers’ ink will get together tomorrow afternoon in the Great Hall of the Union when the local Alpha Gamma chapter of Alpha^ Phi Omega, national service fraternity, begins fingerprinting an estimated total of 1,000 persons on the campus. This will be the third year for the honorary to undertake the work, the other two years resulting in the successful tabulation of countless fingerprints for the FBI and missing persons bureaus. Bureau Open 3 Days r Fingerprinting will carry through the first three days of this week, the bureau being open from 2 till 6 p, m. on Monday and Tuesday, and running until 8 o’clock on Wednesday night in order to handle all late comers. Members of Alpha Phi Omega who have been instructed in the technique of taking fingerprints will be in charge of the bureau, with the possibility of being helped by a member of the Lafayette police department. Through the courtesy of Lt. John Weinhardt, of the department, who gave the instruction to the workers, thi-ee separate units have been loaned for the occasion. This will speed up the work tremendously. Prints Aid Students All students on the campus who have never been fingerprinted are urged to visit the bureau, as the project is of great value to them. Not only will the prints aid missing persons bureaus, but it will help in social security, old age pensions. Selective Service, defense work, as well as in ordinary identification purposes in case of accident. New Radio Broadcast Will Honor University Tuesday At 8:30 PM “College Humor,” a new radio program,.will make its initial appearance Tuesday night, April 29, at 8:30 over the NBC red network. This 26-minute program will feature music by Bob Strong and his orchestra, vocals by Virginia Verrill, comedy by Marlin Hurt and “Beulah,” a dramatized skit “A Thousand and One Dormitory Nights,” and emcee-ihg by Dean Tom Wallace. High spot of the program will be the dramatized skit, an experience sent in by some college student. The author of each skit presented will receive a fifty-doUar checl^ Students are urged to send in an outline of a campus experience that happened to them or their friends. The writers of the program will do the rest. “College Humor”‘will “bow” musically ^o the students of the university sending in the greatest number of votes for the week’s most popular campus tune. The winning tune will be played the following week with a credit line for the winning university. Students may send their votes in on a penny post-card. The votes, which must be in by Saturday, April 26, should be sent to the following a'ddress: “College Humor” Program, Palmolive Building, Chicago, Illinois, k.r. ’ Five Women's Co-ops Plan Open House Today At 3 Co-ed cooperative houses will be open to the public today from 3 till 6 o’clock. Members of the various houses will act as guides.
Tough Breaks Plague Boilermakers; McFerren Shines With Single, Double Columbus, Ohio, April 19.-—(Special to the Purdue Exponent) —Ohio State’s baseball team continued its winning Ways over the Riveter diamond squad this afternoon and made it two in a^row with a 4-2 decision. Again, as on Friday, it was a case of the visitors outhitting their rivals and, yet, losing the battle where it counts—in the run column. Dutch Fehring’s crew got eight hits, while the Buckeyes made six. The Ohio capitol was blessed with weather much unlike tnat which the Boilermaker golf and track teams were forced to accept.
- Leifheit Shows Poise
Walter Leifheit started in the pitchers box for Fehring’s nine and allowed only two runs and four hits in his tenure of 6 '1-3 innings. He walked four men to first base, but struck out a like number. Walt, as always, displayed much competitive fire and was admirably cool for a sophomore chucking his first con-
ference attempt.
For the opening three frames the game was a stalemate, but in the fourth the Bucks broke the ice with two runsvto take a lead which they
never relinquished.
In the fifth Sexton, Ohio moundsr man, finally weakened, to the extent of a lone Riveter tally. The score came when shortstop Meyers worked the pitcher for a base on balls; Captain Bud Fisher was hit by a pitched ball, advancing Meyers to second; Leifheit walked, loading the bases and McFerren singled to score Meyers. McFerren continues to have an Indian sign on all opposing pitchers, for he collected a single and a double in today’s tilt. He and George Doherty are staging a close struggle for the honor as the team’s outstanding hitter. Sexton Plenty Tough The remainder of the fifth inning was uneventful, despite the situation of bases loaded with none out. Sexton worked himself out of the hole in excellent fashion as he made Mike Byelene ground to the infield, forcing Fisher. Doherty then popped to the infield and John Janisch grounded out to end the inning and a
wasted opportunity.
During the fifth and sixth innings Leifheit was again master of the Ohio batsmen, setting them down in
order.
In the “stretch” half of the seventh, and again in the eighth, OSU got a single run. After one-third of the unlucky seventh had gone by, Leifheit was relieved by senior “rolly-polly” Johnnie Emmert. The latter permitted one hit, hit two batters with pitched balls, struck out one and walked one.
U S Naval Reserve Officer Will Speak To University Men Board To Form Campus 'Flying Boilermakers' Naval officers from the Great
Lakes Naval Training Station will®
interview junior and senior students interested in naval flight training. Men must pass physical and mental examinations to be eligible for appointments as cadets. Interviews will begin at nine o’clock Monday morning in the Executive building. Physicals will be given in the Stu-
dent Health Service.
The naval board is attempting to organize a special University unit sOn campus which will be called the “Flying Boilermakers.” In order to have? a umt of this kind, at least forty members must be eligible and accepted. The age limit for applicants has been set from 21 to 27.
McWhirter To Speak
In addition to this program. Commander F. M. McWhirter, U. S. Naval Reserve, the commanding officer of the Third Naval Reserve Area, comprising the entire state of Indiana, will address the University student body on “The New Opportunities Offered in Naval Aviation,” Tuesday, April 22, at 4 p. m. in the main lecture room of the Electrical
Engineering building.
“It is a recognized fact that naval aviation demands the highest type ' of individual,” said Commander McWhirter, “Consequently, the nation depends upon its colleges qnd imiversities to provide suitable material for the national defense program.” ^
Elimination Training
This newly inaugurated program makes possible a training course which previously was available only to members of the regular Naval Establishment. Applicants who are selected will be sent to one of the five Naval Reserve Aviation Bases in the Ninth Naval District for flight elimination training, and upon •completion of this first period of thirty days, the successful applicants will be nominated for appointment as aviation cadets and then will be sent to either of the big advanced stations at Pensacola or Jacksonville, Florida, or Corpus
Christi, Texas.
Upon receiving his commission as Ensign, the candidate will “then receive the pay of his rank. This will include his base pay, rental allowance and flight pay. Following the talks, a discussion period will be held during which Commander McWhirter will answer any questions on the projects planned for accepted applicant’s, j.f.z. Betty Driscdl . . . HE '39, attended the recenf^ Press Club Banquet held in Washington, D. C., according to word received from that city. Miss Driscoll, a student of clothing and textiles at the University last year, had the opportunity to meet many famous women at the banquet. She is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Driscoll of Lafayette.
Score by innings: Purdue 000 010 010—2 8 3 Ohio State .. 000 200 llx—4 6 1 V. Civil Service Rating Examiner Will Meet Applicants Tomorrow Arthur J. Burgess, Rating Examiner, U. S. Civil Service Board, of the Sixth U. S. Civil Service District, will come to the University tomorrow to obtain applicants for the Junior Engineer examination. All senior engineers may apply, for the only requirement is possession of a degree in engineering. Burgess will hold group meetings at 9 and 10 o’clock on Monday morning in Roonf 264 of the EE building for all interested seniors. At ^these meetings Mr. Burgess will •discuss the Junior Engineer examinations and answer questions regarding the Civil Service in general. Burge;3s will be available in the Personnel Office Monday afternoon for personal interviews and all interested in these interviews, should call the personnel office immediately after the group meetings to arrange for-an appointment. a.p.h.
Scabbard and Blade will sponsor the annual University Best Soldier Contest, scheduled to take place in the Armory next Saturday, April 26th. The contest is open to all freshman and sophomore military students, and is instituted primarily to increase the efficiency of the Corps through foot drill and gun-
nery competition.
Freshmen "will be required to demonstrate familiarity and skill in gunnery, map reading, material and the school of the soldier. Sophomores, in addition, arfe pxpected to be able to solve problems in topography, motors and advanced gunnery. The points upon which the relative grades in the competition will be determined will be appearance, knowledge of military theory and pi'actical efficiency.
Medals Awarded
Engraved gold medals will be awarded to the winning members of the freshman and sophomore classes, with the second and third place winners in each division receiving silver and bronze editions of the same. Lesser awards will include the distribution of specified numbers of merits, according to the degree of proficiency obtained. Every effort to maintain absolute fairness and impartiality will be made, according to Cadet Lieuten-ant-colon^ Victor A. Woodling, who is in immediate charge of the competition. Each contestant will be asigned a number by which he will be known throughout the contest and judging. This will focus attention upon efficiency, rather than personality, and result in a more accurate estimate of the students’
qualifications.
The competition is being held with the co-operation of the Military Department and is under the direction of Cadet Colonel W. G. Meese, Captain of Scabbard and Blade. Freshmen and sophomores who have not yet registered are advised to do so immediately in the Supply Room of the Armory and receive their blue entrance ribbons. Contestants are instructed to present themselves at the Armory at 1:30 p. m. Saturday in readiness for the
judging. l.m.s.
YMCA Convention , Closes Today With Forum Discussion Approximately 150 delegates to the tenth aqnual YMCA Young Men’s Conference arrived on the campus yesterday afternoon for a two-day meeting. After registration and a tour of the campus, the convention officially opened with a broadcast meeting in the west faculty lounge of the Union. The keynote address was by Judge Lynn Parkinson of the Tippecanoe County circuit court. Discussion followed. Dr. L. S. Robertson, president of the YMCA board, was toastmaster of the Saturday night banquet at which Professor Krank Hockema gave the welcoming address. “Dusty” Miller, editor and lecturer of Wilmington, Ohio, gave the main address. He emphasized the necessity for appreciating things, pointing out that “Everything embellishing our lives today is due to
other people.”
“Develop a positive attitude,” he said, “because it’s the attitude that builds. Everything constructed on a negative concept, as are certain European governments, is bound to fall ' because it is founded on hate.” Afterwards delegates attended a “Draft Dance” in Allen’s baUroom,
Lafayette.'
This morning wiU be taken np '^th discussion, open forum. Tha closing inspirational address wRl be given this afternoon by Professor Robert Phillips of the depazNtment of history and economics, rjwpi^ Exponent CVeda Co-ed edition Monday. Monday at 4 o’clock for woi^
’ Ifs;;
)"
.It
i ^(pa^ 2-£diiiL
Sunday, April 20, 194|l
(pwuiwL £xfionanL
Dean H. J. Reed ... of the school of Agriculture, officiated at the crowning of the Mentone Egg Queen in Mentone yesterday evening. The Mentone show is one of the most important of its kind in the pitire country because the town is situated in one of the most important egg producing localities in the country. Hobart Creighton, a member of
the Agricultural ^Exjperime^nt Station, is the owner of the main poultry farm in Mentone, housing 65,000 hens. 725 Couples ... attended the “Post-Prom Mixer” last night. The music for this mixer, which lasted^ from 9 to 12 o’clock, was furnishecTby Irv Given and his campus band. k.r.
ALICE FAYE DON AMECHE CARMEN MIRANDA
TOPPEtfS BMK ma
Starts TODAY UMMAni
EXTRA
SKINNAY ENNIS AND HIS BAND
Main
NOW SHOWING rrWO FIRST RUN HITS
A RAVE ON THE RADIONOW A HIT ON THE SCREENI wHh his Dixieland rtiyfhm In a big love, laugh and fui^ fhowL
with
RKO.I
with
JEAN ROGERS ELISARETN RISDONdOSEPH BULOFF* JOYCE COMPTON •^andBOB CROSBrS ORCHESTRA fMtllrins“THE BOBCATS”
rw fASTSm ms
EXTRA—BRITAIN'S R. A. F. Exclusive Film—^Actual Bettfe Scenes
Ft. Wayne Broadcast To Honor University A special broadcast in honor of the University will be given this afternoon from 4 to 4:30 over WO WO iji Ft. Wayne. Vernon Westburg, EE ^41, violinist, and Marvin Smith, Sci. ’42, tenor soloist fo^the Glee Club, will provide musical features. Mrs. Joseph Ragaips, wife of the director of the Upiversity Orchestra, 3viU accompany the performers. Thomas J. Kelly, general manager of the Public Service Company of Indiana and B. Paul Stoncifer, Ag ’I?, insurance man from Ft. Wayne, will speak on the program. Kelly and Stoncifer, active as students, are pow active alumni. This program was planned by T. R. Johnston, Director of Information, and E. B. Baugh, Alumni Secretary. It is one of a series of college programs broadcast every Sunday over WOWO. k.r. Dr. Gilbreth Will Address* Seniors At AAUW Supper Dr. Lillian Gilbreth will speak on “Opportunity for Women in Unpaid Activities” at the American Association of University Women’s all senior women buflfet supper Tuesday, April 22, at 5:30 in the south ballroom of the Union. Dean Mary L. Matthews of the home economics school will welcome the senior women; Paula Zwierlein, president of the AWS, will make the response; and Vera Schaaf, president of AAUW, will introduce the program chairman and the committee members.
Personnel Notes
Please cohsult bulletin boards in the schools for further information. COMPANIES COMING TO THE CAMPUS WEEK OF APRIL 21, 1941.— U. S. Civil Service Commission, Washington, D. C. April 21, 1941. Senior Engineers. E. I. duPont de Nemours and Co„ Wilmington, Delaware. April 23, 1941. Chemists and ChE—PhD only. Socony-Vacuum Oil Co., Brooklyn, N. Y. April 23, 1941. Sr. ChE,
LEARN TO DANCE ENROLL IN OUR
ADULT BEGINNER'S CLASS WED., APR. 24 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS APRIL 2Sth ALLEN’S^TH & FERRY
imjk TODAY - MON: — 2 HITS
HILARITY is back ^gaifi .,coinla* round them thar hills!
with
ROBERT YOUNG RANDOLPH SCOTT DEAN JAGGER VIRGINIA GILMORE JobnCuiadlit • Slla SanmtiTim • €MI1 WUll also
featuring THE WEAVER BRa$.« ELVIRY
First LafayeRe Showing
The ^th Colunpn (Editor’s Note: With meUce toward none and with amusement as a forethought, we reprint from .The Minlnesota I]*^ily of Wednesday, April 9, 1941 what we think is one of the neatest “take-off^” on life in the U. S. Army camps. The column is “Sauce for the Gander” by Max Shulman.) If! * ■(! I got a letter ijay ^904 Willy Zeff the other day. Will^ is in Cartip Roberts in Ca||fpri:^i^. Some of you may remember him; he was in school a few years back, and he achieved a small measure of irppiortality by sleeping one night in t^e awning of 9 Soptbeast grocery. ^ Willy seeips very enthusiastic about army camp life. He writes: “We lie around imbe^ every morning until 6 o’clock. This of course gives us plenty of time to get washed, dressed, make the bunks, etc. by 6:10. At 6:15 , we stapd outside and shiver while some blows a^ bugle. After we are reasonably qhilled, we grope our way through the darkness to the mess hall. Here we have a hearty breakfast consisting of an unidentified liquid and a choice of white or rye crusts. * * * “After gorging ourselves with this delicious repast, we waddle our way slowly back to the barracks. We have nothing to do until 7:30 so we just sit around and scrub the toilets, mop the floors, wash the windows, and pick up all the cigarette butts and match sticks within a radius o£ 150 feet from the barracks, “Soon the sergeant comes in and says, ‘Come on out in the sun, kids.’ So we go out and bask in the wonderful California sunshine. Of course, we stand in 6 inches of mud. To limber up we do a few simple calisthenics like touching your toes with both feet off the ground and grabbing yourself by the hair and holding yourself out at arm’s length, “At 8 o’clock we put on our light packs and start walking to the mountains. The light pack is not to be confused with the heavy pack. The light pack includes a guH, bayonet, canteen, fork, knife, spoon, meat can, cup, shaving kit„ pup tent, rain coat, cartridge belt, first aid kit, fire extinguisher, tent pins, and a few other negligible items. The heavy pack also has a blanket. Carrying my light pack I weigh 233 pounds (Note: Willy weighed 136 when he left.) so you can see how easy it is to romp and play in the mountains.
“An observation car follows us as we climb the mountains and picks up the fellows who faint. The boys who fall out in mountain climbing are treated very well.
Entered m second elass matter at the poat effioo hs fayette, Indiana, under the act ot Consrsm cd March I, 1879. and dt tiie- special ritte ot postas* pnirided for m section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, author&ed Jannatr 20, im. Thhlbh^ar dam^’^oEgSpt Mddddy dhHIii ttUTVeiiilar academic year and weekly dtbiiiB t|m SnihUer fiMfoa. Delivered locally by carrier ft* |8.00 per ydiiC, mwl^idhseriptioQ, 18.69. Editor-In-Chief. 0. W. Bwmhnc Bosinsss Manaser Marie Haesmsyar News Editor. r."— 1. |L Managing Editor D. K. ®S6le Aishoidta Editors: N. A. OcUItree, J. A, ParealL fj. W. LocN Advertising rowers, G. C. Landers; ‘l^motlhh ^Manager, C. Fi Danglemajer; Aaeounts Manager, R. J, Shatford; Circulati^ ^nagat^ E. M. Becktenwald. '-* *' «* s TT*,,, , ^ Co-ed Staff Editor. Beth Simpson AiMociate Edtors: Mary Ki^ Miller, Buth Rose, Donna Sports Staff Editor /. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. Q. Johnson, B. O. Bwaim. ,
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advetiwing Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Hadley Day Editor: Sieas Issue Editor: Fischer Night Sports Editor: Clark Stag: E G. Kieper, R K. Runnion, J. A. Zinski, F. Howard, K. G Roguemoie, A. Hunter, J. D. Fraser.
They are given six months in the guard house, but they do not have to face court martial. At 12 o’clock, those as can limp to the infirmary. At the infirmary patients are divided into two classes—^those who have athlete’s foot, and those who have colds. If you have athlete’s foot, you get yopr feet swabbed with iodine. If you have a cold, you get your throat swabbed with iodine. Anyone who claims he has neither a cold nor athlete’s foot is sent tb the guard house for impersonating an officer. “I am very popular at the infirmary. I told them that I have both a cold and athlete’s foot. What I really have is gastric ulcers, but I know when to keep my mouth shut. “Well, that’s all I have time to write now. I’ve got to rush to the mess hall. JVe’re having hominy tonight. OH, BOY! Love to qll, Willy.”
and ME; Jrs. for summer employment.
COMPANIES NOT VISITING CAMPUS BUT SEEKING MfaN THROUGH PERSONNEL OFFICE. C. G. Conn, Ltd., Elkhart, Indiana, Erie Railroad Co., Cleveland, 0., ME. Graver Tank and Mfg. Co., E. Chicago, Indiana. ME or CE. ^ „ J. C. Penny Co., Chicago, 111. Science, Pittsburgh Plate Glass Uo., Pittsburgh, Pa. ME. Republic Steel Corp., Massillon, Ohio. ME, Met. E. St. Louis Southwestern Railway Co., Pine Bluff, Arkansas. ME or EE. Santa Fe Railroad, Chicago, 111. EE and ME. U. S. Naval Ordnance Laboratory, Washington, D. C. and ME. YMCA, Chicago, 111., Srs. (Men) in Educ., Psych., Soc., or PE-
Jbmlif Jedk.
ARC
TODAY- MONDAY SPECIAL! "GREECE FIGHTS BACK" See the Famous Greek Legions in Action! (Precedes from this reel goes to the Greek War Relief) also
\Don Eugenie AMECHE • lEONTOVICH llis. CUHTIS 'T-rrrr PL-U;^ DISNEY CARTOON
Best Teacher Award Each spring for the last three years Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic honorary, presents its Best Teacher Medallion to the “best of Purdue’s good teachers." Best teachers of those last three years are Prof, J. A. Estey, in 1938; Prof. S. Fairman, in 1939; and Prof. C. B. Mprphy, in 1940. Thus, in the spring of 1941, Sigma Dplfa Chi prepares to choose another best teacher. Prime characteristics of a good teacher are not qiialitips that can easily be set down on paper. However, in preparing for a series of articles concerning Purdue’s best teachers which will start in the Exponent Wednesday, we wish to briefly discuss certain of these characteristics. First, a good teacher must have both a better-than-average knowledge 0 fhis subject, and a decent reputation for his knowledge of it. Neither a national nor an international fame is, ip any way, required. Second, a good teacher must have the ability to teach his subject in a manner adapted to his class. He must be able to make the subject matter simple and non-technical for-a group of beginners, and then to give the students who should knpw the fuprdamentals a chance to absorb superior material. Third, a good teacher mu^t have a personality, and a method of teaching that shows his personality to its best. Four, a good teacher must have a well-stocked repertoire of “good” jokes. Fifth, a good teacher must be especially friendly. Although, a student can’t always expect a teacher to know his name, especially m the first* part of the semester, a simple “Hello" or “Good morning" make’s life a lot more pleasant. Sixth, a good teacher is impregnable to “apple-polishing.’’ Seventh, a good teacher has the ability to laugh at himself, at his mistakes, as well as the student’s. Eighth, a good teacher has the kindness and consideration ta maice allowances foi* absences and general “dullness" on morn- / ings,* especially, following a convocation, or a big dance. In other words, a good teacher realizes that “student life” is an integral hart of University life. Ninth, a good teacher, in his actual teaching, has an assurance of method and the “guts" to give plenty of exams. Tenth, a good teacher has the ability and the broadmindedness to accept or, at least, discuss a student’s idea^. Eleventh, a good teacher sticks, reasonably, to his subject. Twelfth, a good teacher realizes that a student takes about five othey courses besides the one that he teaches. We realize that any list of qualifications of a good teacher pan neither be complete nor entirely accura|;e. However, we dp think that the abpve list iqqy serve as a qritprion fpr the preliminary picking pf thp “best of Eur4ue’s gopd tpqchprn." j.a.p.m., '] :£'’^ :■
^'0,/>,:: .;}?1^^
W-
;^-.;
$iii^ayv Ai# IMl
* \'i^^ l‘ ’\<5'
t'>
!>■-
moye Ippubte keepii>g his pants from falling do,wn than he did running. FipaUy^ ha ^as lapped on the final swing around the oval apd (^opppd out, follp'ys’ipg another Butletitp, who. found the going too top^h. If this copy paper is not too spggy you m'ay read this, but why is the sun shining now that we are away ft:pm the elements and writing up the account? We have seen the “April Showers” and now wp are waiting for the May'flowers that
are supposed to follow.
The summary follows:
ROLE VAUP'p^Won by Britt (P) ; Lovett (P) . second': Cariier arid (jrimm (P) tied
for third. Height,'11' 8”.
HIGH JUMP—Won by McEachern (P) ; Flynn O) second; Anderson (P) third. Height, 6’ ll’’. ,'' '
SHOT PUT—Won by Weber (P) ; Rankin (P) second; Hilririg (B) third. Distance,
46’ 6%”.
WILE RUN—Won by Holderman (P) ; Farvis (P) second; Kemp (P) third. Time,
4:32.6.
■ ^TedClark- '
njiiid and superiprity of the Boileintnaker tracR team c^pletely huni]ble4 B^ller’e BnUdp^s yesterday afteraopn by a score of 100 to 31 on the sodden cinder paths of Ross-Ade Stadium. It would be an understatement to say that the meet was marred by intermittent showers-pit j list plain rained! Nine students and two stray dogs "■ ' ■
witnessed tke affair from a vantage point atop,fhe last tier of seats. All
of the latter—^including the mutts—■
should receive hand-knitfed bathtubs for their very presence. The athletes, managers and offlcials
should be honored with no less than
a niche in the Hall of Fame. 4^1sbury Bulldog Bright Spot Out of,the IS events. Coach Her-
mon Phillips’ lads tucked 12 first places in their raincoats. Ray Sears
and his squad compiled first places in the 220 yard Tow hurdles, the broad jump and the . 880 yard run.
Ray Alsbury, Bulldog flyer and a
standout in the Indiana Conference,
won the broad jump with a leap of
21 feet, 11 inches and the 120 yard
- low hurdles in a time of l6 seconds.
Clark of Butler won the 880. When it is considered that Als-
bury should have had a motor boat to navigaij;e the runway, be did very, well in the broad jutrip. Anthony
took honors in the IQQ yard dash with the exceptional time ot fO seconds flat, which is nice going in clear weather. '
Everything But Pickets
Qpe’ gentleman—he Was an oifi-cial „ wapte^ to sue J. Pluvius. oh the grounds that he was unfair to organized labor. We suppose he figured on organizing a strike, too.
After all, the CIO does it,
The Riveters swept all three places in the 100 yard dash, the pole vault, the mile and pulled the mile relay out of the frying pan wheu. Paul Anthony turned pn an amazing burst of speed to overcame a 20 yard handicap after a mate had handed
him the baton.
In addition to this Anthony topk the 440 yard and the 100 yard dashes to become star of the day. 'Weber and Rankin placed one arid two in the discus apd the shot put. Lloyd McEachern won the Javelin and the high jump, while reliable Captain Ed Holderinan headed two other Boilermakers to the tape in the mile run. - Nahmias a sawed-off Bulldog sprint man ran with thd speed of a passenger limited and kept his team in the mile relay until Anfhony’s spurt. One of the Butler laddies,who entered in the tyro miile run, had
440 YARD DASH—Won by Anthony (P) : Nahmias (B) second ;'’Cummings (B) thirds
Time, :60.6.
100 YARD DASH—Won by Anthony (P) : Galilke (P) second; Bahcker '(P)‘ third.
Time, :10.0. ' ’
120 HIGH HURDLES—Won by Kron (P) : Stroyeck tP) second; Gross (B) third.
Tinie, ;I6.0.
DISCUS—Won by Weber (P) ; Rankin .(P) Second; 'Roberts (B) third.-Distance,
129’1”*.
BROAD JUMP—Won by Alsbury (B) ; Dodge (P) second; Qaulke (P) third. Dis-
tance, 21’ 11”.
880 YARD RUN—Won by Clark (B1 Stanley (P) second; Stewart (B) thiru
Titne, 2 :06.0.
JAVELIN—Won by McEachern (P) ; Suto (P) second ; Melzelears (S) third> Dis-
tance 160’. -
220 YARD DASH—Won by Gaulke (P) ; Bancker (P) second: Cumihings (B) third.
TInae; :22.2.' ’
TWO MILE RUN-Won by McLaughlin (P) ; Treessen (B) second ; Reeves (P) third.
Time, 10:13.0.
220 YARD LOW HURDLES—Won by Alsbury' (Bl; Kron (P) second; Wente (P)
third. Time, :24.7.
MILE relay—Won by Purdue (Ten, Eyck, Bancker, Arnold and Anthony) . Time,
3:33.
Deadline
Speak To’rMen’s
I^pes^nting “P" blririki^ts, paokets and Qeptificates fo senior letteimieri iyili highlight the aiinu^l bapquet of the ifntef natiorial “P” lien’s &iub to h§ held hf®re hp Friday night. May 2. The pffair wiU h? PP® of thp Gala Week attractions, accppdmg tp the recently aimouriced program. G^a:^y Of Speakers Rresidprit Eflliott will be one of th» pripcipal speakers and will be followed by Mai Elward, who will appear before the alumni lettermen for the first time as athletic director. Joe Boland, erstwhile Notre Dame assistant tO Elmer Layden, will be -formally introduced to the group as the newest addition to the staff of ' Boilermaker football coaches. Guest speaker iMitehell Mpnacof, donor of the Noble Kizer MempTial Trophy, will also address the gathpring. The symbol tp our late athletip director, which depicts a coach kneeling: on one knee and overlooking a player, is a typical pose that was often struck by “Nobe.”Axton To Combs " Ted Axton, retiring president of the campus lettermen’s organization, wiU introduce president-elect. Bill Combs. The latter was varsity right end Idst year and will act as tpastmaster during the remainder of the evening, p.tx.. I M Schediilct " CLASfe A TpNNIS PQUBLES Monday, Court -’4 p. m.^ ' -' - - 11 Pi Kappa Alpha vs Lambda Chi Alpha 16 Theta Chi vs Kappa Sigma 16 Sigma Alpha Mu vs Phi Kappa Tau ' 17 Delta Chi vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 18 Beta Sigma Psi vs Delta Upsilon Sigma Pi vs Kappa Delta Rho ■ Beta Theta Pi ys Alpha, Gamma Rho Phi Gamma Delta Vs Alpha Kappa ' Lambda ' Court 4:46 p.m. 11 Phi Kappa Psi vs Theta Xi 16 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Sigma Phi Epsilon 16 Triangle vs Sigma Nu 17 Tail Epsilon Phi ys Pi Kappa Phi 18 Theta • Tail ys ijilpha’Chi''wW " - SiSiiia Chi Vs Ph’ivSigWa' Kabpa Alpha Tatt Omeg'a Vs Bhi'Kappa - Phi "Kappa Sigrha Vs - Alpha Si^ma Phi (Reghlar 'Games) -, ' MOndaiy,’April 21 ' Diamond " ’ 1 Ward 2 vs Ward 8 2 War'd 3 vs Ward 81 3 W&a d vs Ward 26 4 Ward lO vs Ward 27 6 Ward 16 vs Ward 24 . 6 Ward 16 vs Ward-17 7 Kappa Sigma vs Alpha Tau Omega 8 Lambda Chi Alpha vs Phi Kappa Alpha .9 Phi Sigm'a Kappa vs Theta Tau 10. Sigma Chi Vs Sigma Alpha Mu
By Tel Clari Ward L. Lambert, famous Purdue basketball Coach, is the aqthbr of a book entitled “Practical Basketball.” The text is profusely interspersed with pictures of tkg boys who have Plgycd under Piggy. These photographs' show such Boilermaker greats as Johnny Wooden ai^d “Stretch” Murphy carrying out the maneuvers explained by Lambert on themcompanying pages. " / , —s-s— ‘wajor League Baseball,” a book by Efehaji^llen, is recognized as one of the best of its kind available to the sports world. Allen, formerly an outfielder with the New York Giants And the Phillies, has degrees from Cincirinati University and Columbia University. He was a successful outfielder in the majors arid is now teaching English arid writing for athletic periodicals. All of the pictures and drawings in the book are by the author. It is said thrif h® made a perfect pest of himself by snappirig major league stars in various positions nil over the diamond. The book is endorsed by such baseball luminaries as Ernie Lombardi, Pie Traynor, Charlie Gehringer and Joe McCarthy. —S-S—' More than 3,000 bat models, past and present, are kept on file in the archives, ropni of the Louisville Slugger Company, Louisville, Ky., outstanding mnkers of bats for has®' ball playSrs throughout the world. —S-S—■ Baseball first appeared in the united States in 1839 and ten years later saw the first uniformed team take the field. The New York Bmickerbockers were responsible for this milestone in April of 1849 when they wore blue wP0l®n pants, white flannel shirts and straw hats. However, the straw hat fad only lasted until 1855 when mohair Caps were adopted. S-S— . - Brooklsm started out early to become the “daffiness boys” in winning and losing games by large scores. In the summer of 1858 they lost to the Knickerbockers, 22-18. Later that same year they defeated the Gotham team, 29-§ afld lost another
To Irish
\ ' :
RivwtGr Golfers Lose To Notre l>ameJ9 SflitRainSweptMatck Squalls of rain, of near cloudburst proportions, and an opiK>ii> ent who didn't know what bogies were, ruined a perfectly g^ ^turday afternoon for the Riveter golf team as they the might of an inv^ing Notre Dgme squ^, 19 to 8. The dqiibics 1 matches, played in the^moi'ning, had none of the wateiy handicaps of the ^fteraqon rounds, but instead, a troublesome wind blew the golfer’s shots to all the extremities of the course. Water Doesn’t Bother Neild - ' » ' ^-
Wrestliiig, Squash Sqiiwb Award 15 Major Liters
Despite the spggy fairways and water drenched greens, Captain Sammy Neild of Rotre Dame managed to patch together-twp rfeiriarkable rounds. In tke doubles, he defied the wind by bagging a 73, and then he came splashing back in the afternopn with a 73. .Ciharley Curran led the Boilermaker team with
rounds of 78 and 74.
Notre Dame’s victory may be credited largely to the fact that not a man on thp squad slipped out of the seventies. Although the Irishmen played with a team nearly as green as the one that battled for the Riveter cause, the brand of golf that the visitors displayed under the adverse weather conditions was almost sensational. Pour of the men were sophomores who had never played in competition before, and the downpour which greeted them wasn’t enpugh to slow down their
sizzling rounds.
The suttimavy:
Poubles: Dahl and Hoffer (P) lost to Neild and Penlig (ND) 3-0; Curraii and Knipp (P) defeated Conray arid Schrieber (ND) 2%-% ; Ditrner and Schutt (P) lost to. FiBherandHarrigan'(N}P)2l4-%. Singles : Currail (P) Jdst to Neild (ND) ' 8-9 ; Hoffer (P) lost to Fenlig ' (ND) 3-0 ; Dahl (P) defeated Fisher (ND) 2%-%; Knipp (P) lost to Schrieber (ND) 2%-% : Schutt (P) tied Conray (ND) 1%-1%: Hitmer (P) lost to Harrigan (ND) 3-0. Totals: Notre Datne, 19: Purdue, 8:
one, 29-18. Approximately 2,000 “kranksj” as the fans were known as then, attended each of the-sec-ond and third games. S-S—. “Born on November 13, 1869 to American Athletics, a baby boy— 'Pigskin Football.’ 'Vital statistics: Rutgeys, 6 goals; Princeton,O—and still doing nicely, thank you.” Walter Camp, who picked the offipial All-America foptball team each year from 1889 untiLhis death in 1924, is credited as being one of the fathers of theigame.
... for mass golf has been set at Tuesday, April 22, according to an .announcement from Chief Glevett’s office. Chief alsp requests t!|»|| |)1I
scores be in at that time.
^ere is the book of pvpr 800 pages that plagfs thf cgraplete world of mosic at your finger tips. You can find the answers to all of your questions about rhusic in this book. It is the icJepI gift for the Tnusic-lovihg friend!And now at the low price of “ Forbnerly $5.00 ONLY $3.95
SEE pUR MEW RECORD DEPARTMENT—VICTOR, BLUEPIRD, DECCA, OKEH, COLUMBIA RECORDINGS
popcpRir
■■ ■■ Iff,.■:
1^' '
ther Purdue > . Service. ;
-rM- a OKS . jifw «o}« '•) . '' Risk Dentar Clinic ' DR. RAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A RISK . DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4tfi 6r Main Sta. Phona 5710
Everything for a College Education
• Photographers
Complete Line Greeting Cards' University Book Store M. C.’’Rod" Sammons '29 R. W."Dfic" Epple *40
Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing HINEA PHOTOGRAPIfER 634 Main St. Phpnf 7775
• Hardware
• Shoe Repair
If It's Hardware We Have ft Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices Edgerton Hdwe* Inc. Phone 4354 We Dflly^
BOi^MNG SHOE REBtlllDING Phone^40 221 State
'O^-rLocksmith
Qalry^-Products-.'.-----.--.-.-.
Keys and jLocks Keys for trunks, door Ibcki, desk loocc,^ night latchec and padlock*. Auto kay* a spedaHy, Bicycles, ac- ^ . cassoifas and rapafrlng. MUiHAUPrs 209-11 M. 5th St. PtweelKM
M. E. MOREHOUSE '■ .'■'■DAIRY , OVAMTY Phona 46214
SPRING IS IN THE
SPRP(|IN EVERY THOUGH
Every 491 more aii4 isiflire spiduag (^Qthes Biirsl out of every boxi New are everywiberev
Carefree days are abea4 jeia let ua 4<l flie worrying about ^iir deaning pfoldeip* For beautiful results—9it4 t?u«
' ■
■4/ ' y'-
Letter awards in wrestling and squash Were made public, yesterday, by Coach Claude Reeck of the wrestling team and M. L. Clevett of the squash squad. Eight major letters were given in wrestling, along with three minor awards arid fourteen freshman numerals. On the squash squad, seven men received major letters and one was awarded a minor letter. The wresfling letters were given to: Charles Allmon, Beaver, Pa.; Bob Britt, West Lafayette; Jack Foster, Hammond; Casey Fredericks, Hamniond; Joe Hlinka, Hammond; Frank Ruggieri, South Bend; Harold Montgomery, Newark, Ohio; John Papurca, New Suffolk, N. Y. Minor letters: 'Warrep E^st<m,: Huntington; Jack M u 11 e n d o rf, Franklin; Irvin Siekman, Oakland City. Freshman numerals: Thomas Belt, Chicago; Maurice Center, East Norwalk, Conn.; Warren Gfegory, Indianapolis; Edward Klein, Chicago; Malcolm MacDonald, Ihilsa, Okla,; Tom Makey, Fort 'Wayne; Mark Matovina, East Chicago; Jim Paratore, East Chicago; F^d"Ponder, Metamora;'Bob Platt, '^ininetka. 111.; Bill Saia, Detroit,^ ^ch.; Merritt Steele, Winnetka, III.; Thompson, Paris, Ky.; Bob Williams, Covington. Major letter in squash: G^ E. Adams, Evansville; J. E. Fapk, Newcastle; N. M. Goldstein, Brooklyn, N. Y.; R. P. Green, Indianapolis; J. C. Kalbeisch, Buffalo, N. "Y.; James Mann, Milwaukee, Wis.; O. P, Smith,,Indianapolis, y Minor award: D. M. MacMillan, Bedford.
The l-6we$f Prices Quality Pamiitsl Norihwestei^ at Vine ; PEuue 4081,
' / r'.' v ■■Sunday, April 20, 1941
(PuJuiM, £xpMmdL
Student Group Picks Delegates To Attend Outing Conference President Elliott, Dr, F. R. Eastwood of the PEM department, and Miss Ray Fraser of the PEW department discussed the values of outdoor recreation before a group of students in the Union last Friday. The purpose of the meeting was to choose delegates to the annual MidWest College Outing conference at McCormick Creek State Park On May 10 and 11. Dr. Elliott recommended an increased use of the outdoors for recreation in this indoors civilization. The evils of the automobile in eliminating outdoor exercise were discussed by Professor Eastwood, while Miss Fraser brought forth the suggestion that trade-hikes as well as trade dinners should be added to the campus social routine. Students chosen to represent the University at the conference are Damon Elder, PI A president; Ted Parker, Purdue Outing Club president; Marjorie Ward, in charge of the WAA cabin; Alice Collings, Wesley Foundation; Mary Pidgeon, WAA president; Martha Doherty, Independent house council president; and Barbara Adkins, Pan-Hel-lenic board. Faculty representatives are Professor M. F. Stigers, of the Education and Applied Psychology department; Professor Herman Phillips, PEM department; and possibly Dr. E. R. Martell, head of the forestry department, m.b. Tea Dance . . . sponsored'by the Student Union, will be held Tuesday, April 22, from 4 to 5:46 p. m., in the north ballroom of the Union..
Koticies
PIA Board: Regular meeting in the PIA oflFice Monday, 4:16 p. m. Old business as well as petitions will be discussed. The board will meet again at 7:15 to interview petitioners and to fill the remaining. positions on the board. Newly elected officers should attend both meetings; full attendance is needed. —MUSSER.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, April 20, 7:80 p. m., room 261 of the Union. Guests coming. —RIEGLE.
quested to report to Lt. McMaken at 4 p. m., in room 201, Monday, April 21, for instructions. A merit will be awarded for attendance. a. Seniors: Brennan, P. J., Money, J. P., Titus, J. C. b. Juniors: Raber, N. W., Sink, R. E., Murray, C. M., Rush, J. G., Page, R. L., Abell, R. P., Farber, W. R., MacMillan, D. W., Shaver, G. R., Evans, J. S., Topp, A. A., Gregory, E. L., OeGarmo, D. E., C^le, W. W., Matthews, L. L., Mezoff, J. G., Shaver, J. M., Snyder, A. E., Brock, R. ' P., Stecker, R. B., McManus, R. M., Henderson, J. M., Hundley, J. W., Graf, F. N., Gommel, H. E., Dodson, 6. C., Campbell, W. A., Dibos, R. A., Miller, L. H., Smith, R. H., Aronson, S. E., Bauman, R. E., Wagner, P. R., Grefrath, A. W., Forbes, D. R., Keck, M. E., Miller. W. G. —BURKHART.
ASME: Final returns of membership cards and emblems are on hand. Please get them Monday, April 21, 9-12 a. m., from Professor Cope’s office. —COOLEY.
All Seniors: Senior commencement invitations and announcements are on sale at Southworth’s, Deac’s and the University Bookstore, and at the west desk of me Union. Sales close on Thursday, April 24. GALA WEEK COMMITTEE.
with JEANNIE LAUER
Triton Club: Baliet practice every day this week at 4 p. m. No regular meeting on Tuesday, April 22. —ROSENCRANS.
Ag Chem Club: Meeting postponed .Watch Exponent for notice of next meeting. —ELKIN.
POMM: Meeting of all actives and pledges -at 4 p. m-. in room 103 of the Armory, Thursday, April 24. Meeting short but important. —McCAMMON.
Purdue Christian Foundation: PDI conference Sunday, April 20. Registration in Union at 2 p. m. with fellowship meetings following. Dinner at 6 p. m. All those interested who have not stated so call Dick Smith at 61191 or I^ynolds at 4393. —SMITH.
It’s fun visiting the shops these days with all the gay summer things unpacked and set out to tempt that well-worn pocketbook. Surely among all thi^ bright and stimulating merchandise you’ll discover just the thing you need or want; so come along with me and have a look at what’s new in the shops today.
Scabbard and Blade Actives and Pledges: There will be a meeting of the actives at 7 :16 p. m., Tuesday, April 22, in room 236 of the Union. Rough night plans will be made. Pledges in the Tuesday night group will report to room 236 at 8 p. ro. —MEESE.
Purdue Wheelmen: Ride Sunday, April 20, at 2:30 p. m. Meet in front of Executive building. Everyone invited. —VANDERBILT.
Newman Club: Ex. councio meeting in room 302 of the Union Tuesday, April 22, at 4 p. m. —LUERS.
Chi Epsilon: Ail actives and pledges be at the Civil building Tuesday, April 22, at 7,:30 p. m. —SAMS.
All EE Students: See sheet on main bulletin board in EE Building te sign up for open house projects. (4-23) —HOLCOMB. Purdue Outing Club: There will be a brief business meeting Monday, April 21, at 7:30 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. Plans for an' outing will be discussed. Everyone interested in outing activities is welcome. —PARKER.
/ Cadet Luncheon Committee: There will be a brief but important meeting at 4 p. m., Tuesday, April 22, in the Armory. All members are urged to be present. —MEESE.
Exponent Co-eds: Co-ed edition Monday, April 21. Report at 4 p. m. in the office. —SIESS.
Eta Kappa Nu; Actives sign list in EE o^ice at once if you wish to have a plaque. (4-23) —HOLCOMB.
Freshman and Sophomore Military: Sign' up in Supply Room for entrance into Scabbard and Blade Best Soldier Con'test to be held in Armory Saturday, April 26, at 1:80 p. m. —WOODLING.
Military Battery S-4: Basic students of Battery S-4 are detailed as Provost Marshall Guard for Gala Day, May 2nd and Corps Area Inspection, Itay 8th. These students will form inside the 4th Street entrance to Intramural Field at 11:00 a. m., Tuesday, ■ April 22, for instructions relative to this duty. -BURKHART. Advanced Military Students: The following listed personnel is detailed as Provost Marshall Guard for the' Corps formations on Gala Day, May 2nd and Corps Area Inspection, May 8th. Those listed are re-
Classified Ads Typewriters sad adding machines, new and naed, fer sale, rent and repaired. AB makes of . portable typewritera, ISt.TC ts $69.60. Office supplim. Mimeognph and mnltigraph work. C. F. Bbersfaoff, 60* Main St. Fkone, $779.
Fer Kent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cara for all oceasions. Min. $2.69 all night. Phone 2407.
Playshoes are at their giddiest at Smith’s. When you see the gay, bright colors, and novel styles your re-' sistance will break ■’down. And surely you’ll want a pair of those classic favorites— summer spectators. Smith’s has them in white with blue, black, or brown. S-T-S-Whether you want them to make you look like a movie star, or whether 'you need them for the practical purpose of protecting your eyes, you’ll surely want to buy a new pair of sun-glasses from Deac’s. You’ll find over 2000 pairs to choose from—^with ground and polished lenses in all tints. Featured in this large assortment at Deac’s are the new Polaroid day glasses that “give you the view without the glare.” S-T-S-All the coeds are flying high in broomstick skirts these days. Surely you all know ho,w attractive and practical they are . . . when they need washing you just dip them into the suds, wrap around the
Students! Avoid a Down” m. your appearance when your cash gets low . • • Sanitone Cleaning keeps you neat-looking. Phone for Pick-Up ISow!
™ American Laundry
Prom-Goers
. . . desiring souvenir pictures of Friday night’s dance may inquire at the west desk of the Union, where 5x7 glossy enlargements of the grand march and the band will be available until the' supply is exhausted.
broomstick that comes with them, and presto — when unwrapped they’re ready to wear. Loeb’s is showing Mary Lewis’ broomstick skirts. They come in both daytime and formal lengths, and have a dainty matching peasaht blouse. Their cost is surprisingly low. See them at Loeb’s.
S-T-S
You men can always use another tie, and when you see the ones laid out for your inspection at Oeisler’s you might even decide to get two or three. Beau Brummel ties are featured in J large and splashy prints* and in stripes. Silk foulards, bright Palm Beach ties, and poplins are also waiting for you at Geisler’s.
S-T-S
Here’s a wonderful bargain for any of you girls that need a spring coat, or for those of you that would like to get one now to save until next fall. Every coat in the After Easter sale at Alan’s is offered at the low price of $10.00. These coats are in new fabrics, styles, and complete size range. Why not look at them tomor-
row, ' these
Alan’s.
%
“BEST AU-ROUND FOREIGN STAT
UPLAND STOWE Formerly on the overseas staff of the New York Times, he oovered the Balkans for four years and knows Central and Mediforraneao Europe. Weller, now in the Balkans joined the Daily News Foreign Staipf in Deceinher, 1940.
READ in the PURDUE EXPONENT the latest and most vital news of THE WORLD As Received by Special Wire form \he Chicago Daily News Syndicate
, IBKI.EV KinKPATRICK FWbI among the woman ooirespondents of her time. Miss Kirkpatrick is noted for her thorough knowledge of European Politice, for her graphic coverage of the Battle of England and for the beate the hai (cored.
Orchestra with a piano interlude by Sonny White, and “Dedication”, by Coleman Hawkin.s and His Rhythm. Stop in at the Foster Shop soon. S-T-S A Bargain! If you’re one of those people who delights in getting something for a little less stop in at Bartlett’s for a 12 cent malted milk. These regular large-sized Bartlett’s malteds will be just 12 cents from here on in to the end of the school year. S-T-S Food that’s tempting to the eye and taste.. . . the Chestnut Room meets this standard. It offers delicious food served in pleasant surroundings. For good service and fine foods why not get into the Chestnut Room habit?
Qomdah, fiohliL
lovely sale coats at
S-T-S
. If you haven't tried the Foster Shop for records, stop in the next f [^ time you’re across PHly the levee. You’ll ^ love their Commodore Classics in 'Swing that feature numbers as ^ “Ec-Stacy”, a piano solo by Jess Stacy, “Strange Fruit” played by Billie Holiday and Her
Spring weather And with it an urge to "get out on the courts and start batting a tennis ball around. Just by applying at the checkout window of the fieldhouse gym, you can reserve a court for Saturday or Sunday and avoid the rush. And if you want to brush up a bit, lessons are avail^able through the P. E. Department. ' But of course, for the latest in tennis equipment and wearing apparel, you’ll stop in at Southworth’s Sports Department where anything and everything in the tennis line is available. Tennis rackets are on sale at a 26% discount, and tennis balls can be had for prices ranging from 26c to $1.26 for three (vacuum sealed). Old rackets will also be restrung at reasonable prices. Racket presses are on sale at 60c. T shirts and shorts for the men to wear on the courts are also in the sports department. The former article sells for prices from 49c to 79c, while the latter is available from 69c to $1.19, Going to and from the courts and also while playing you’ll want sun glasses to protect your eyes. Many kinds are available for your use. For that extra protection to your eyes while serving a tennis ball or driving a car, Polaroid sun glasses are the answer. These glasses,, which sell for $1.96, completely eliminate all glare. Come down and take a peek through those in Southworth’s 'window and see the difference for your-
self.
And you’ll need a WRter-proof lined zipper bag to carry shoes and balls out to the playing courts, won’t you? ^But away from tennis for the moment, we got a squint at something that promises to be the rage. White flannel gob hats with the Purdue initml in black flannel are just the touch for both fellows and girls to add to their “joe” clothes. C’mon, kids, and get the jump on the rest in your house by starting to wear one of these right away. And if your pet sport isn’t tennis,, various and sun-V dry items for* swimming, .golf and baseball are ] also available in the Southwoxth’s Sport Shop. Let’s take advantage of the Spring and get out doors when it’s nice. We’ve all griped about the rain long enough. — PEGGY