Purdue Loses Hard Fought Battle, 7-0
Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY
October 9, 1938
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. SO
No. 23
The Week’s NEWS
WASHINGTON
Nine Old Men ... were seven when Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes opened a new Supreme Court session ear^y this week. One chair was vacant because of the death of Justice Benjamin N. Cardozo during summer recess. Justice James F. McEeynolds was absent as the judges assembled. Prominent issues facing the court include challenges of 18 power companies against the constitutionality of the TVA and action on Tom Mooney's plea for review of California court decisions which sentenced him to life imprisonment for alleged participation in San Francisco’s 1916 bombing.
Third Term Rumors . . . . prompted a reply this week from Senator Bulkley (D., Ohio), who opines that President Roosevelt does not want another term. Adds Bulkley, “I do not think the president had such a thing in mind at all.”
War Scares . . . ... in Europe are accompanied by a new supply of spy scares in the United States. Ken Editor Arnold Gingrich is calling for detailed investigation into German espionage. Editor Gingrich asserts that three new divisions, have evolved from the dreaded Gestapo — German secret service—and these for espionage in the United States. All Gingrich’s testimony was given to Representative Dies (D., Texas), head of a house committee to investigate Fascist and Nazi organizations in the United States.
NATIONAL “Down With Hitler” . . . . . . shouted an angry mob of over 2,000 in Union City, N. J., this week. Booing and throwing stones, th^ mob prevented an attempt by Fritz Kuhn, national leader of the Ger-man-American Volksbund, to address a gathering of his countrymen assembled at their annual Bavarian festival.
Convinced . . . . . . that the ugly clouds of war had once more cleared on the American horizon. President F. D. Roosevelt last week isolated himself m his Hyde Park home for a few days of relaxation before turning his attention to next month’s congression.al and other elections. Primarily, the President is interested in the I outcome of the New York state gubernatorial duel between racketbusting Thomas E. Dewey (R) and Governor Herbert H. Lehman.
A Seven-Week Strike ... . . . ended last week in Chicago, after employer and employee of the Chicago, North Shore, and Milwaukee railroad agreed on a satisfactory wage scale. The electric railway line, serving more than a score of communities, abandoned operations August 16, throwing 1,300 men out of employment.
Boilermaker Followers... Studenls Open Music
(An Editorial) . . . who attended the pep session at Monon Station Thursday afternoon may remember Fullback Tony Ippolito’s response to their cheering send-off for the Minnesota-bound team: “I hope you’ll be just as glad to see us when we return Sunday—^with a victory.” Coach Mai Elward and his gridiron squad arrive at the same railroad station this afternoon at 12:32 o’clock—^without a victory. Therefore a little welcome on the part of Purdue students is needed to help restore the good spirits in which the football players departed. We appreciate the services of 60 members of the University Military Band in helping to put on the parade and station rally Thursday. Conductor “Spots” Emrick promises to have a group of his musicians out there again today. That send-off demonstration was only a small gesture. Let’s get out there this afternoon and show the Boilermaker athletes how much we appreciate the battle they put up yesterday.
Room Forum Today
In Faculty Lounge
Student Forum Group Will Argue Class Attendance Issue At Next Discussion
As part of a campaign to popularize the music room, an open forum for students on programs and improvements will be conducted at 4 o’clock this afternoon in the Union faculty lounge. John Richardson and Thais Crepps Union vice-presidents in charge of the musid^room, will conduct the discussion. Some of the subjects to be taken up are the time and types of Sunday programs, music appreciation programs, and the organization of a new plan of programs. Student suggestions are especially important to this part of the discussion since the programs are essentially for the benefit of the students.
“Class attendance—optional or compulsory?” This live campus issue will be thoroughly aired Thursday at 7:30 p. m. in the Union faculty lounge when the newly organized student forum tackles the controversial question in the second of its series of discussions.
Those who would “attend when they please” will be led by Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant to the Dean of Women, and C. G. Elliott, president of the Student Senate. In favor of “attending under pressure” are Mary Wien, senior co-ed debater, and Prof. R. W. Babcock, University editor. “On the fence” will be R. A. Buckles, chairman of the meeting and president of Tau Kappa Alpha, forensics honorary which is sponsoring the discussion.
with a discussion on the “Crisis In Central Europe.” An overflow crowd of 500 heard and entered into that discussion. The forums are an effort on the part of Tau Kappa Alpha to promote forensics on the campus.
Music Room Etiquette Etiquette of the music room, use of the phonograph machine, and the care of the furnishings in the room will receive the attention of the forum. Upkeep of the records will be stressed due to the high rate of mortality among the records. The meeting will attempt to establish, by general discussion, some rules of etiquette to be used in the music room designed for the benefit of all users. The meeting will be closed’ with an open discussion of anything that will increase student interest in the music room or of any questions concerning the music room.
/
Xi Sigma Pi Sponsors
Kellner To Head
Smoker For Foresters Speakers BureaU
Round Table Discussion After the headliners get through with each other, general round table discussion will follow. Talks are to be brief and extemporaneous, with frequent interruption and comment. The meeting will be adjourned promptly at 9 o’clock.
Xi Sigma Pi, national forestry honorary, will sponsor a smoker for all junior and senior forestry students tomorrow in the faculty lounge of the Union.
The question had its inception a number of years ago when the optional attendance rule for upperclassmen came under fire. At present, the exact status of the rule is clouded by some doubt, and is largely subject to the interpretation of the individual instructors. The student discussion is expected to blow away some of the fog. The present series of forums was launched a little over a week ago
“The purpose of this smoker and get-together is to allow the students of the two upper classes to become better acquainted with each other as well as with the faculty and extension men,” G. C. Romeiser, president of the local chapter of Xi Sigma Pi, said last night.
A novel program of entertainment has been planned for the smoker which will begin at 7:30 o’clock. Those in charge urge all members of the junior and senior classes to attend.
Crowd Watches Good Clean Contest As Pi Kappa PhVs Gorge Way To Victory
By Bob Massey
The World Series ... . . . was uppermost in the minds of the nation’s ball fans this week as the Chicago Cubs met the New York Yankees in Chicago’s Wrigley Field. With odds of 20-1 against the Cubs taking four games straight, the Yanks turned on the heat, defeated the disheartened Cubs 3-1 in the first game, and 6-3 in the second game of the series.
BUSINESS A New Gas Process... . . . developed for preservation of fruits and vegetables is announced by official anatomists in Cape Town, South Africa. Discovered by Dr. H. A. Jay, the process is expected to revolutionize the food industiy’s refrigeration systems by (Continued on page 2)
“Pi Kappa Alpha will eat the “Pi” out of Pi Kappa Phi without a doubt,”—“I feel like Dizzy Dean; we’re going to mow ’em down” were pre-contest predictions yesterday of the rival directors of the Pi Kappa Alpha-Pi Kappa Phi Pie Eating Contest, Jerry Ciral of Pi Kappa Alpha and Bud Anderson of Pi Kappa Phi, respectively. However, the copper pie plate went to the Pi Kappa Phis, who won by a close score of 40 to 38. Crowd Divided The crowd was divided on the contest, especially when Hank Miller, WBAA announcer interviewing the contestants, ascertained that Frank Merriell, Pi Kappa Phi champ, had downed one-quarter of a pie in 23 seconds and Jack Chase Pi Kappa Alpha champ, had downed one-quarter of a chocolate pie in 18 seconds. However, the Pi Kappas were reported to have starved their team into peifect condition, counting on a well-rounded team to beat individual performance. With a flying start at 1:36 p. m. from the corner of Grant and State streets, the contestants rounded the corner onto the Union front walk well bunched and pulled into the long table just in front of the Un-
ion lined up with 12 pies in a dead heat. The crowd, 300 strong, greeted them with “Come on, Jones! Come on, Hussey! Let’s go. Pi Kappa Alpha!” as the pie pans went clatering onto the sidewalk and pies were rapidly spread over the table and the faces of the contestants.
At a recent meeting of the newly organized men’s Forensic Board, G. V. Kellner, Sci. ’39, was chosen director of the Student Speakers’ Bureau, after 16 applicants for positions were interviewed. Junior assistants named were V. T. Hitchcock, Ag ’40, and J. W. Swander, PSE ’40. They will correspond with different schools in the state concerning debates and public speaking. Carr Elected Manager Robert Carr, EE ’39, was elected manager on the board, and with his junior assistants will manage the varsity debating team, the Hanley Speech Contest, and the Beveridge contest. The junior managers assisting him are A.* Copeland, K. Mulholland, and W. Hansen. R. E. Howard, F. P. Caldwell, R. P. Thornton, E. W. Shaw, Forest Deal, R. Riester, S. R. Illis, H. I. Taylor, S. H. Wheeler, N. E. Stoner, and C. J. Hart, were given positions as sophomore managers. Sophomore co-eds interested in trying out for forensic managerial positions will meet in room B of the Union Building at 4 p. m. Tuesday.
PIA Dance Class
Howard Finishes rirst For 3:31.6 minutes the labors continued, when Bob Howard, Pi Kappa Alpha whiz, zipped down to the finish line, the first man in. He was closely followed by three Pi Kappa Phi men, George Hussey, John Oswalt, and Frank Merriell, then Bob Ellsworth of Pi Kappa Alpha. Said Gharles Luce, president of the losers. Pi Kappa Alpha, “Both had plenty of “pi”, but Pi Kappa Phi had “pi” and power, congi’atulations to Pi Kappa Phi.” And the Pi Kappa Alpha dog seemed to agree as he peacefully went about cleaning up the crumbs from the ground.
Starts Tomorrow
First of 10 PIA sponsored dancing classes will start tomorrow at 7 p. m. in the Union ballroom. For beginners only, the classes will continue every following Monday and Wednesday, imder supervision of Miss Helen Knight, women’s physical education department. Tickets are on sale at the PIA office in the Union, or may bd purchased at the ballroom door Monday at $2.60 for PIA members, or $3.50 for non-members.
West Side Wins 26-0
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Fair today; somewhat warmer in south part. Cooler in north by evening.
Gophers Drive 79 Yards For Third Quarter Score
By R. L. McDonald Exponent Sports Editor
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 8.—^Refusing to concede a thing to the ever powerful, over-confident, huge Minnesota team, the Purdue Boilermakers marched out on Northrop Field today before 52,000 people and with nothing in their favor but a splendid team spirit, proceeded to hold the title defending Gophers
to a 7-0 victory.
Fighting against tremendous odds, the Boilermakers played a brilliant defensive game and the hard-driving Gopher backs were unable to break loose once during the entire contest. Minnesota’s sole touchdown came after a 71 yard power march down the field from a 15-yard penalty.
Van Every Missing
.60 Minute Star
Co-captain Joe Mihal, who played the entire game against the Gophers iand who was one of the major factors in the repeated repulsion of the powerful Minnesota machine.
Without the services of their big triple-threat back, Harold Van Every, the Minnesota team was forced to rely almost entirely on power plays to obtain yardage. The Purdue team, on the defensive during most of the contest, had few occasions in which to use its fast offen-
sive plays.
Unable to match Minnesota’s powerful line, the Purdue squad was constantly being pushed back by the huge Gopher fonvard wall. The Boilermaker secondary, however, showing exceptional defensive power, cut down the Minnesota backs before they could get into the clear and the Gophers managed to push through only one touchdown.
Mihal Stars
Playing the full 60 minutes, cocaptain Joe Mihal starred for the Boilermakers on the defensive. But the Boilermakers had but one opportunity to get their offense under way. Brock punted midway in the first period, the ball rolling out of bounds on the Minnesota two-yard stripe. The kick was 69 yards. On the next play Minnesota kicked but a 15 yard penalty was called on the Boilermakers. The Gophers took the ball on their 19 and Purdue’s one chance vanished. After an exchange of punts Moore carried the ball to the Purdue 20. The Purdue line held for three downs. On the fourth Faust tried for a field goal. It was short. Scoreless Tie At Half At the start of the second period
Minnesota punted to Brock on the Purdue 5 yard line and Brock returned the ball to the Gopher 46. On the next play Brown fumbled and Rork recovered on the Purdue 46. The balf ended in a 0-0 tie. For 44 minutes the Boilermakers held the Gophers, but the superior manpower and reserves told on the Purdue forward wall. With 16 minutes to play Jamnik carried the ball to the Purdue 16. It was first and ten on the 16; Mihal broke through and threw Moore for a three yard loss. Buhler picked up three yards, then went over right tackle for a first and goal to go. Moore was stopped cold on the next play. Christiansen went through center for three yards. Again he hit center, this time for the game’s only score. Score: Minnesota 6, Purdue 0. Faust’s kick was good for the extra point. Score:Minnesota 7, Purdue 0. Brock’s pass for a final attempt to score was intercepted by Faust, who was downed on tl\p mid stripe. Minnesota ran two plays before the final
gun.
Band To Lead Welcome
The Second Regimental Band will lead loyal Boilermaker fans to the Monon station this noon to welcome the Purdue squad
arriving from Minnesota at 12:32 p. m.
The band will meet without uniforms at the Armory at 11:50, and will march from there through the village and to the station, Capt. C. A. Reichelderfer announced last night. Officers of Reamer, Gimlet, Skull and Crescent, and Gold Pepper clubs made statements last night requesting members to turn out en masse
for the welcome. Students should meet in the village at noon sharp, or at
the Monon station at 12:20.
“We’re asking all fraternities to cooperate this noon with this spur-of-the-moment welcome by postponing noon dinner until 1:30,” said Interfraternity President Ross Dean last night. Jean Stolz, Pan-Hellenic president, has requested all sororities to serve dinner at the same hour. Miss Naomi McGuire, WRH supervisor of foods, stated last night that she would attempt to arrange a late dinner at the halls. G. O. Arbuckle, Cary Hall manager, announced that dinner would be delayed until 1:30 at Cary HalL (See editorial elsewhere on this page.)
Leon Dailey’s West Lafayette High School eleven walloped the Morocco Indians last night 26-0 in the West Siders’ third straight victory of the season. Bob Riley, star Red Devil back, was not in action due to an injury suffered in West Side’s contest last week.
Michigan 45, Chicago 7. Northwestern 33, Drake 0. Illinois 12, Indiana 2. S. California 14, Ohio State 7. Wisconsin 31, Iowa 13. Notre Dame 14, Georgia Tech 6, Pittsburgh 27, Duquesne 0 Brown 20, Lafayette 0. Tulane 17, North Carolina 14. Dartmouth 22, Princeton 0.
Fordham 53, Waynesburg 0. Dhke 7, Colgate 0. Columbia 20, Army 18. Navy 33, Virginia 0. Pennsylvania 21, Yale 0, Carnegie Tech 32, Wittenburg 13. Tennessee 7, Auburn 0, Alabama 14, Nor. Carolina State 0. Cornell 20, Harvard 0. Vanderbilt 14, Kentucky 7.
Sit,?
'"i£dijbjdal of the WEEK
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
(Continued from page 1) making fresh fruit available the year round. Using sugar as its basis, the new gas is said to keep eggs and fruits in excellent condition for a period of a year and will preserve 30 tons of food during that time at a cost of only $2.50. Plants for the manufacture of the gas are to be built in Durban, Cape Town, and Johannesburg by a group of South African businessmen for world wide exploitation of the discovery. Federal Deficit ... . . . for the first quarter of the 1939 fiscal year totalled $700,943,352, Treasury officials announced recently as they closed their books. This figure indicates the possibility of a new Roosevelt deficit record by the end of the current fiscal year, June, 1939. Government income for the first three months amounted to $1,509,182,033 as compared with the expenditures of $2,210,165,385. Works Progress Administration was the largest single spender, relief totaling $659,333,347 for the quarter. United States ... . . . Chamber of Commerce is pushing a broad program of activities to promote a better public understanding of the functions and usage of insurance. Securing the cooperation of business companies throughout the country, the commerce committee makes the following statement: “Because the success of insurance depends upon cooperation between those conducting the business and policy holders, this program of the chamber’s insurance department has been developed to bring about a better understanding of insi|ran,ce by policy holders.” RE:QUOTES If The Republicans ... . . . are to win the next election,” says Dr. Gallup, director of the American Institute of Public Opinion, “they must get the votes Of the ‘key people’ in the coming election ... the majority of the middle class and the young voters.” Winner of the third annual Illinois Liars’ contest, Mrs. Lena Clough, says she told the judges. “My family was so fond of baked apples stuffed with pork sausage that I grafted a pig’s tail on the old apple tree in place of a bud just for a joke. To my surprise next fall when picking some apples to bake I found instead of cores the center was filled with a fine grade of sausage meat.” A liner-writer for the local Journal and Courier asserts, “Television sets are offered at low prices. Now we’ll be seeing yellow baskets as well as hearing them, not to mention mulberry bushes. Concerning The Czechs ... . . . this same scribe suggests that, “01’ Diz’ Mussolini went in in the ninth inning, and “induced” Hitler to quit throwing pop bottles at the umpire.” “Maybe the Czechs thought it would be cheaper to yield than to pay bonus and pensions for a war of defense,” quoth another editor. Senator Soaper, New York columnist adds his bit, “It simply has to be peace at any price in Europe, as our Grover Whalen can’t open a world’s fair without a world.” An editor cracks, “The war crisis over the Czechs brought out one thing, and that was the fact that the letter “Z” on the editorial typewriter sticks badly.” A touch of truth and sincerity is voiced by Pacifist Chamberlain . . . “The prayers of millions were answered by the Munich pact. Hugo Vavrecka, Czech minister of propaganda came down to earth this week with ... “We were assured of Soviet Russia’s help, but millions of our men and women and children would have been killed before the Russian aid came.”
ARC
Sunday - Monday 'Night Club Scandal'
"Prescription tor Romance'
'Mickey Mouse'
WAR “Bread Bombardments^’ . . . . . . were dropped from Insurgent war planes Tuesday on Loyalistheld Madrid, as the rebel army celebrated “Franco Day.” Spanish Loyalists throughout the country denounced their action. Rebel headquarters at Burgos state that 30 bombing planes dropped 47 tons of white bread by parachute around the city—a total of 178,000 small loaves. The “bombs” were sent do'vsrn during a series of flights between noon and 6 p. m. ^ Insurgent officials explain the Franco Day bombardment as an attempt “to aid our brethren captives in Soviet Madrid and let them know about the white bread Generalissimo Francisco Franco’s soldiers are bringing as soon as they enter the streets of Madrid. Madrid retorts, “the people picked up the bread with scorn and handed it over to police stations. Although the loaves contained no material poison, they contained moral poison. It is sufficient to recall that those who effected this grotesque gesture over Madrid assassinated women and children in defenseless towns.” American Soldiers ... ... of fortune fighting for the Loyalists gave up their guns Tuesday as the government continued to demobilize its international brigade. All four companies of the LincolnWashington batallion, American unit of the brigade, assembled for parting ceremonies midway between the Ebro River front and Barcelona before 23-year-old Major Milton Wolff of New York. Japanese Forces ... .. , seized the city of Kichun, on the Yangtze River, yesterday and thus placed their naval attack just 95 nautical miles down the river from Hankow, Chinese military capitol and goal of the Nipponese drive. Reports from Shanghai indicating that 35,000 Japanese troops are en route upriver toward the Yangtze battle front convince Chinese strategists that the invading army is making ready for a decisive and final attack against Hankow. Reenforcements of Chinese Communist soldiers arrived at the.Yangtze line Tuesday to stage what may become a “last man” defense of the city.
FOREIGN A Bouquet... . . .' of flowers thrown by an enthusiastic Sudeten German slightly injured Adolf Hitler Friday as he was making a triumphal tour of the fourth zone of occupation, on the northern fringe of central Czechoslovakia. Result of the incident was issuance of general orders that Nazi party leaders hereafter will be responsible for removi^'.^all flowers from persons along thb line of march. Hungary ... . . . protested yesterday to Czech officials against continued defense measures by Czechoslovakia’s army along the frontier and against “increased terror” in Hungarian minorities. Negotiations on Hungary’s minority claims are expected to begin today at the border town of Komarom. The Fascist ... . . . grand council at Rome ended a midnight session Friday by issuing a series of regulations limiting participation of Jews in Italy’s national life. The body also banned all marriages between Italians and “African, Semitic, and other races.” All state employees are fbrbidden to marry foreign women of any race, and all other Italians were required to obtain interior ministry permission before contracting any foreign marriage. The grand council called for “quantitative and qualitative betterment” of the Italian race. England’s House... ... of Commons voted confidence in Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain this week and approved his bargain for keeping Europe out of war. by a majority of two and a half to one. After four days of debate on the four power agreement signed by Chamberlain, a vote resulted in 366 to 144 approval of the Prime Minister’s actions. An early labor motion disapproving Chamberlain’s policy as one which “led to the sacrifice of Czechoslovakia under the threat of armed force and the humiilation of our country” was defeated, 369 to 160. Eduard Benes... . . . resigned Wednesday from his position as president of Czechoslovakia after nearly three decades of service for his country. The new government will be headed by Premier Gen. Jan Syrovy until an election can be arranged.
dancing! 80MANCING/ SINGING/SININGIN6/
NOW PLAYING
We have collected a bit of dirt on some of the ever-present freshmen for your eager ears. Phi Gam BOB COPPAS was seen Friday at his eight o’clock Biology class wearing his bathrobe! The explanation given to this peculiar sight was that Bob lost a bet to ANITA LEDERMANN, freshman town girl. We wonder what would have happened to poor ANITA if she had lost. NOW THAT ... . . . the Sigma Pi’s have succeeded in getting some pledges, the Debris is trying to take one of them away from the boys. Anyhow, they sent Pledge KLEHFOTH a notice that his picture was scheduled to be taken at 10 Monday morning. Its hard enough to acquire any pledges without having the Debris graduate them in a year. Crust! Another innocent ( ?) little freshman co-ed seems to have met disaster on the campus. BONNIE JANE COX is wearing a dandy black eye these days. Maybe she ran into a door or . Anyhow, she should not spend her time carrying on a correspondence with an lU man. Why refuse to patronize local industries? Out and out treason we calls it. The Kappa Sigs are going up in the world, or at least they have cast their hats into a bigger ring. Pledge Brother KEIM has a poppa running for mayor of WEST LAFAYETTE. So all the brothers are now handing out advertisements and carrying KEIM stickers on the cars. Such loyalty! WRH CHAPERONE... . . . BETTY McKEE was seen in-
SUNDAY - MONDAY
^UP GOES THE NATION’S !} Adolph Zukor presonts BING GBOSBY Manf Carlisle'Beatrice Lillie AiidY Oevine 'Laura Hope Crews* Rule Davis ■
Formals and Tux Street Clothes and School Clothes
EACH Receives Proper Care When We Dry Clean It
OF
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
West Side - 132 Vine Streef-
■iouiz
.ads.
p:
“That new customer, I tell you she’s divine—double chins, pimply skin, pasty complexion, stringy hair and everything!”
dulging in a clinch in the grill of the Union during the PIA dance. Think of the freshmen to Whom you must be a living example of the typical All-American girl BETTY. But maybe you’re giving them some good pointers. ONE OF THE NEW PLEDGES . .
. . . to Alpha Chi has already parted company with her pledge pin after having had it about four hours. BARBARA HYMAN wore the pin to the PIA dance Friday night and returned home without it. Dating that man TERRIO doesn’t pay, BARBARA ... he even collects pledge pins.
A MIGHTY AIR SHOW IN EVERY THRILL!
A thundering drama of men against uncharted skies ... and of the women who love—and wait!
NOW SHOWING Also Phil Harris and Orchestra
N t ‘Df A
ALLEY OF
WAYNE MORRIS
■ ab.iva<!<-A»<LTR£VOR » miBK" frank McHUGH'ALAN
I CRISP
CHARLES BICKFORD JACK LaRUE'IOHN LITEL
STARTING TODAY■
Sunday, October 9, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
TYPEWRITERS—^All itralceB, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. EbershoflF, 605 Main street.
Boilermakers Defeat Little Giants, 15-40 In Season's Second Cross Country Meet Boilermaker runners, fighting mad after their defeat by Pittsburgh last week, bewildered the contingent of cross-country men from Wabash so thoroughly yesterday that the Little Giants were left completely in the rut. Ten Purdue men crossed the finish line before one Caveman hove into sight. The Purdue runners that counted in the scoring were Captain Art Bodeau, Knapp, Reeves, Patout and White. The final tally was 15-40, Boilermakers*' favor. The three and a quarter mile Wabash course, while not as tough as the brainchild of Hermon Phillips, Gold and Black coach, has many difficulties of its own. In the opinion of Phillips, the team is greatly improved and when Illinois attempts to run the Boilermakers out of their own course next week, the Illini will be in for a big surprise.
Clevett Issues Lifeguard Call Chief Clevett announced yesterday that because of the lack of life guards, the swimming pool will have to be closed at times to prevent any disaster occunng. “I would like to have all students who wish to volunteer as lifeguards report as soon as possible at the checkout room in the Fieldhouse so that the pool can be kept open as much as possible,” he said. Breuer Resumes Staff Interviews Continuing the series of interviews for University freshmen interested in work on the Exponent business staff, G. W. Breuer, Exponent personnel manager, yesterday announced that these interviews will resume tomorrow afternoon between the hours of 4 and 5:45. According to Breuer, anyone who has attended the recent Exponent business staff training course but who was unable to come to his interview, may report for an interview Monday. These interviews will be held in the east side office, corner of Fifth and Ferry Streets, in Lafayette.
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS—60 assorted lovely designs, with envelopes for $1.60. Finest quality art $3.00. Your name Inscribed on each free if desired. An ideal Xmas gift. Order early. Nichols & Co., Rockmart, Georgia.
CALL ^828 and order a case of 820— economy toilet roll $4.60. FOR RENT—Room for three students. Kitchen privileges. $8 60 each. 601 Evergreen street.
CALLING ALL FRATERNITIES—Chapter Bulletins a specialty. You furnish the copy—we set the type and furnish you galley proofs. You make up the dummy—we print and you are ready to maiL Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
FOR SALE—A portable Underwood typewriter. Brand new. A bargain if sold at once. Gale Smith, Fowler. Indiana.
PLEASE return K & E. Log Log Duplex Slide Rule lost Thursday, Sept. 29. R. E. Murnahan. Phone 81764.
PART OR FULL TIME SALESMAN WANTED—Portable Division Remington Rand, Inc. Leads furnished and created. Excellent income. Equipment supplied. Definite futures assured for those who qualify. Write qualifications. Purdue Exponent Box J-6.
FOR SALE!—Man’s tuxedo. Size 38 short. EiXcellent condition Phone 2606.
QUESTION?—Why not use paper napkins—a nice embossed standard weight lS%xl8% only $8-.60 per case. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
LOST—Yellow Gold Elgin watch, black cord strap. Call Treva Berry 4079.
Recreatidii . . . is defined as the "refreshment of strength and spirits after toil.” Whether you have been working or not, you will enjoy a refreshment of YOUR strength and spirits at
THE
BiUiaJvdL fhoom.
IN
JhL fiWvduSL TyUum^daL lAnwfL ' The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
Housing Campaign Manned By PiA Gains Approvai Of Fisher Plans for this year’s house organization campaign being conducted by the Purdue Independent Association were presented to temporary ward chairmen and members representing organized independent houses Thursday by T. J. Sherman and R. R. Shellhamer, PIA organization committee chairmen. Dean of Men M. L. Fisher and Prof. M. L. Clevett, of the intramural department, both gave talks at the meeting expressing their approval of the plan. Dean Fisher stated he expected this organization to reduce and settle small controversies between landladies and students, and also among students themselves. Grouped By Wards The plan this year is to have all houses with eight or more students, either men or women, grouped into wards. There will be approximately 25 wards arranged the same as the present intramural wards. Each of the wards will be under the supervision of a ward chairman which will be appointed this year by the organization committee. In addition to a chairman, each ward will have an athletic manager, social chairman, activities chairman, political chairman, and faculty advisor. The athletic managers will work in connection with the intramural department, and his duties will be to form teams for interward and interhouse competition. The social chairmen will be in charge of all social functions in their respective wards such as picnics, dances, and parties. Contact Students Activities chairmen will be responsible for notifying students of activities on the campus and urging them to participate. The political chairmen will see that there is a proportional representation of independent students on various boards and committees. They will not try to overrule politics but will act to see that there is a fair representation. The faculty advisor for each of
collegiate
Final examinations at Elmira College might not be so bad to take. To relieve that tired feeling and give the students a “lift,” tea is served each afternoon during finals and in addition a special musical program is presented. —C— Freshman A.B.C.’s from the California Daily Bruin: A PLEDGE is a freshman rushee who, overwhelmed by the magnanimity manifested in fraternity rushers, signifies his intention to join their fruitful beautiful comradeship. Next day he trembles before the actives, and eats in the , other room. A MIDTERM is a vile instrument used by cagey professors to inject academic work into the midst of the football season. A NON-ORG is a person who uses a pin on inanimate things, e.g. two pieces of clothing, and who eats at home on Monday nights. MIGAWD! is the accepted term used by students on first view of their pictures on their passport cards. --C— Placing emphasis on height is one of the new features of the dating bureau of the University of Minnesota. From recent complaints it seems that heights never match when the bureau tries to fulfill the wishes of the “I want a date, but I don’t know anybody” students. —C— The poor freshmen at Midland College of Fremont, Neb.! They have to get permission of a member of the student court before they may ask a co-ed for a date. the wards is for the purpose of obtaining a closer understanding between students and faculty. They will also act as hosts and chaperones for various social functions. Another meeting will be held in the near future, T. J. Sherman announced last night. Any students or houses wishing further information should get in touch with either Sherman or Shellhamer at the PIA office in the Union Building, or by phoning 75742.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square SHEAFFER, PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
CIGARETTES - TOBACCO Also Razor Blades, Aspirin, Pencils , DAD’S PLACE-So Handy
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Locksmith
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Professional
• Florists
DR. A. M. IRION DfeNTIST 119 Vi Vinej West Lafayette Phone 4965
for distinctive corsages ROTH FLORIST Phone 7955—8050 635 main street
• Shoe Repair
• Tailor
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
sparrendahl — tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
• jewelers
• Christmas Cards
. LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS 50 Assorted Lovely Designs with Envelopes for $1.50. Finest Quality Art $3 00. Your name inscribed on each free if desired. An Ideal Xmas Gift. Order Early. NICHOLS & CO. Rockmart, Georgia
Yanks Win Third Straight From Cubs, 5-2 As Pearson Yields Bruins Only Five Hits NEW YORK—Joe Gordon and Monte Pearson combined stickwork and pitching prowess yesterday afternoon to trounce the Chicago Cubs for the Yanks’ third straight World Series victory, 5-2. Joe Marty, batting in the cleanup spot for the losing Cubs, afforded Bruin fans with their only solace as he connected for three of the five safeties garnered off the hurling of Yankee Pearson.
Cinema Cues
“Hold That Co-ed,” to be shown at the Mars today through Wednesday, is a laugh-packed, song filled mixture of football and politics. John Barrymore as a co-ed-chasing governor turns football victories into votes with the help of Joan Davis, the only female fullback in the world. George Murphy stars in new song and dance numbers while Marjorie Weaver is his love interest.
“Valley of the Giants,” a technicolor story of America’s last frontier, will move into the Lafayette theater today. Wayne Morris as a young lumbeiman clashes with Charles Bickford who represents eastern interests attempting to despoil the thousands of acres of redwood in California. Claire Trevor is the girl. Wayne Morris fans will not wish to miss this one.
One of Marty’s hits was a home run in the" eighth inning for the Cubs last tally, while the other two were “wasted.” On his only trip to the plate in which he failed to get a hit, he drove Hack home with an infield out. Bryant Blows Up After holding the Yankees hitless for four and two-thirds innings. Clay Bryant was chased to the showers by a barrage of New York blows in the fifth and sixth innings, during which the Cub hurler was able to put down only two batters while he gave up six hits and two bases on balls. Jack Russell relieved him, but not until after four New York runners had crossed the plate, giving the American Leaguers a lead whicH the Cubs were unable to overcome. Aside from the five hit pitching of Monte Pearson, who fanned nine batters, Joe Gordon’s single and homer accounting for three Yankee runs was the main feature of the New Yorkers’ game.
Richard Dix and Chester Morris are shown as fearless pilots who map out the transcontinental airways in “Sky Giant,” to be shown at the New Main theater today through Wednesday. Object of the rivalry between the two men is Joan Fontaine.
Intramural Notices
SOFTBALL—MONDAY Diamond 1— Pi Kappa .^Ipha va. Phi Kappa Sigma. 2— Sigma Alpha Mn vs. Kappa Sigma. 3— Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Tau Delta. 6—^Pi Kappa Phi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 6—^Triangle vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon.
Bing Crosby and Mary Carlisle star in “Dr. Rhythm,” to be shown at the Luna theater today and tomorrow. As a society doctor who masquerades as a policeman to help a friend out of trouble, Bing finds himself assigned as bodyguard to socialite Beatrice Lillie. A galaxy of laugh stars take over the Luna Tuesday and Wednesday in “College Swing,” a story of what happens when the college hairbrain inherits the university through an old will. Grade Allen is the nitwit and George Burns, Martha Raye, Bob Hope, Betty Grable, Jackie Coogan, and Edward Everett Horton make up the rest of the cast. “Hunted Men,” a story of a gang-
INTERFRATERNITY GOLF—MONDAY Sigma Nu vs. (SAE vs. Kappa Delta Rho).
ster’s attempt to evade justice, and featuring Lloyd Noland and Mary Carlisle forms the other half of the double feature. »
“Night Club Scandal,” a society comedy starring Lynne Overman and John Barrymore, will be teamed with “Prescription for Romance,” featuring the likeable team of Wendy Barrie and Kent Taylor, today and tomorrow at the Arc. Tuesday and Wednesday Charles Starrett in “Cattle Raiders,” a western, will be screened. “Living on Love,” a gay comedy romance
WINDOW GLASS Installed by Experts Call or See HUNECK'S
WALLPAPER 826 Main
- PAINT Phone 3841
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CUSS Monday, Od. 10, 7:00 P. M. ADULT BEGINNER'S TAP CLASS Monday, Oct. 10, 6:30 P. M. CHILDREN'S CLASSES, ALL AGES, MEET ON SATUDAY. PHONE 2150 Indiana's Largest Dancing School P. M. Allen, Instructor
ALLEN'S
6th & FERRY
DEAC'S All Toilet Articles 10c Each Spaulding, Wright & Ditson, Dunlop and Pennsylvania Tennis Balls H. G. "DEAC" REISNER' j7i
> Jl
^foad. (Ma,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TloticoA,
Sunday* October 9* 1938
Phillips To Address WSGA Charm School “Charm in the Classroom” will be outlined by Prof. Robert Phillips of the histoiy, economics, and government department, at the WSGA charm school and mass meeting to be held Wednesday at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. After Professor Phillips’ talk the freshman co-eds will vote to select a WSGA representatives. Petitions signed by 21 freshman co-eds, must be turned m to the WSGA office by noon tomorrow. Treva Berry, WSGA social chairman, IS m charge of this second meeting of the chaim school.
next week.
-McIntosh
Triton Club: Call-out meeting postponed until Tuesday, October 11 at 4 p. m. —JORGESON.
October 11, at 7 ;80 p. m. in room 2B4 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Visitors and guests invited. —GANNON.
October 10, at 4 p. m.
—SPRANAHAN.
Purdue Student Alliance: There will be a meeting of the executive committee Monday evening, October 10, in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 7:80 p. m. —BASS.
Purdue Engineer: Following men report to Rice at 4 p. m. Monday, October 10, at office: Adams, Botsford, Ely, Harper, Newman, Johnson. —HARRIS.
Scriveners: Bring cash and receipt books to meeting Sunday, October 9, at Murdock Apartments for checkup. —PAARLBERG.
Modern Dance Groups: Joint meeting of advanced and junior groups, Monday, October 10, at 4 p, m. in Women’s Gym. All girls Interested are urged to come. —NEWMAN.
7:16 p. m. Members be prepared to pay dues. —MOORE.
Intramural Managers: See me at 781 Russell street or phone 2424 for important information. (10-9) —FLANAGAN. Radio Club: Important meeting Tuesday,
POMM: Very important meeting Monday, October 10, at 4 p. m in the Armory. Ali members must be present as pledges will be selected. —DONOVAN. Battery A 1: Baseball practice Monday,
University Orchestra: Rehearsal moved to Thursday, October 13, at 7:16 p. m. in Fowler Hall. —PHILLIPS.
AIChE: Get membership cards from Deiths, Harris, Massey, Granger, and Jacobi by Saturday, October 16. —JACOBI.
Junior and Senior Foresters: Xi Sigma Pi smoker Monday, October 10, at 7:80 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. All members are urged to attend. —ROMEISER.
AIChE: Meeting Friday, October 14, at 4 p. m. in Electrical Engineering Building room 109. —JACOBI.
Glider Club: Members call Bill Kane, for flight sessions, at the Theta Xi house. (10-11) —MOORE. Reamer Club: Meeting Monday, October 10, at 8 p. m. in room F of the Union. —JACKS.
Glider Club: Open meeting in room 1 and 2 of the Union Wednesday, October 12, at
PI A Beginners Dance Class: Glass starts Monday, October 10, at 7 p. m. in Union ballroom. Tickets on sale at PIA office and ballroom door. $2,50 for PIA memberSr $3.60 for non-members. , —HEINE.
Notices
Juniors: Following men have been selected for forensic positions Kellner, Swander, Hitchcock, Copeland, Hansen, and Mulholland (10-9) —CARR Fratermty Presidents: Please send checks payable to the Gimlet Club for Intra-Squad football game to R S. Harper at the Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity. (10 9) —^HARPER. WSGA Freshmen Petitions: All petitions for freshman representative on the WSGA executive Board must be in the WSGA office by noon Monday, October 10 —MERRIELL
Newman Club: Breakfast Sunday, October 9, at St Mary’s Hall after 9 30 mass —KASSER
Union Sophomores: Will my committee please meet in the workshop at 4 p. m. Monday, October 10 Report to Treva Berry. —CREPPS
Union Sophomores: Will our committees please meet in the workshop at 4 p m Monday, October 10 —KANY, BRUBECK
All Men Students: Interested in playing soccer, report Monday, October 10, at 4 p. m in Fieldhouse Practice will start immediately —LESSA
Tnton Club: Swim for all girls interested in the co-ed swimming honorary, Tuesday, October 11, in the Women’s Gym pool —JORGESON.
Scrivener Club: Meeting Sunday, October 9, at 7 .30 p m , at Murdock Apartments 6, 323 State Street Bring manuscripts —JUSTIN
Bowlers: All independent girls who are interested in a bowling team report to Betty Lou Jakes in the PIA office Monday, October 10, between 4 and 5pm —RICE
M. E. 31 Conditions: Examinations foi the removal of conditions in M E 31 will be held Saturday, December 10, in room 301 of the M E building Make arrangements with the undersigned before noon December 3 This will be the only oppoitunity this semester (10-16) MESSERSMITH.
Catalyst Club: All members leave pledge nominations in Lovell’s office immediately Deadline 9 00 a m Tuesday, October 11 Important meeting Wednesday, October 12, 7 15 p m room 202, Heavilon Hall —CRAIG.
Christian Science Organization: Because of convocation there will be no regular meeting Tuesday, October 11 Watch the Exponent for room and time of meeting
Paul Whiteman Every Wednesday Evening George Gracie Burns Allen Every Friday Evening All C. B. S. Stations Eddie Dooley Football Highlights Every Thursday and Saturday 52 Leading N. B. C. Stations
Copyright 1938, Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co.
. . . you could man a fleet with the fellows asking for Chesterfields today! Millions of smokers are signing up with Chesterfields . glad to find a cigarette that has what they want... refreshing MILDNESS better TASTE pleasing AROMA And here's why,,, Chesterfields give you the best ingredients a cigarette can have,.. mild ripe tobaccos and pure cigarette paper.
with MORE PLEASURE for millions
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings
Phofographers from Dexheimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, are taking Debris senic^r pictures in room A of the Union Building, starting at 8 a. m. each morning of the schedule. Every senior has been scheduled a sitting for a definite time, and will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of his sitting.
Debris editors state that it is very important that each senior report to room A on time, or that he make arrangements for a convenient time. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris pictures and should be made at the time the picture is taken.
Monday, Ocfober 10 8 00—Koehler, R. B. 8 05—Kokoo, M. 8.10—Kosowicg, E J. 8 15—Kothera, E. J. 8:20—Kovachevich, N. 8.25—Kowalski, C A. 8:30—Lacy, C E. 8.35—Lacey, H. H 8:40—Lang, C E. 8:45—Ide, Margaret 8:50—Jackson, Pearl 8:55—LaFollette, R. L. 9:00—Kolkoma, B. 9:05—Klein, Betty V. 9:10—Knight, Lillie Ann 9:15—Knollman, Gladys E. 9:20—Kfistjanson, Marion 9:25—^Schleicher, A. R. 9 30—McLain, Georgianna N. 9:35—Miller, Florence 9 -40—Mohler, Mar/orie 9 45—Kushnak, S. A. 9 -50—Undon, W. B. 9:55—Poor, Marjorie 10 00—Hartman, C. U. 10 05—Kuhns, R. L. 10:10—Uhey,W D. 10 15—Lamber, T. 10 20—Laramore, Lois V. 10 25—Lawshe, Mrs. Muriel 10 30—Miller, Bessie 10:35—Long, Richard 10 40—Lap^ire, Paul 10:45—Luther, S. G 10-50—Lumm, C. F 10’55—Lungerhauser, j C 1 I .00—Klehforth, W G
I 1 05—Landicke, W. P. II • 10—Lawson, A H 11.1 5—Forgey, Janet 1 1 '20—Harrington, Kathleen 1 1 25—Husted, Rosemary 1 1 30—Irwin, Louise 1 1 ’35—Johnson, Margaret E. I 1 :4C)—Jones, Margaret L. II 45—Learning, Mary Alice 11 -50—Latier, R. W. 1 1:55—Lehman, R. H. 1 00—Kolhoff, M. J. 1 ;05—Kraso, A. H. 1:10—Krva, C. V. 1:15—Holt, Flora F. 1 :20—-Horton, Phyllis E. 1 25—Justin, Catherine D. 1 ’30—Kemmer, Martha E. 1 :4C)—Kunzel, Virginia Rae 1 :45—Lavison, L. H. 1:50 Learning, L. C. 1 55—Lederer, E, H. 2 00—Leer, Mrs. Elizabeth 2:05—Leiendecker, G. 2’10—Levin, A. H. 2:15—Levinson, E. L. 2- 20—Lewis, H F. 2 25—Liming, C A 2:30—Lindgren, A. R. 2 35—McGaughey, C. D. 2 40—McGhee, R M. 2 45—McKinney, M. W. 2 50—McKinnis, O. A. 2 55—Langeworthy, C. 3 00—McNaughton, N L. 3 05—Marshall, R. S. 3- 10—Matz, R. W 3 ’1 5—Matthew, S. M 3 20—Meier, C. S.
3 25—Meiser, R E 3 30—Manlove, D C 3 35—Moery, H O. 3.40—Mortensen, D S. 3 45—Murphy, F. 3.50—McBride, Martha F. 3 55—McIntosh, Sarah A. 4:00—^Stocker, Margaret 4.05—Williamson, O. R. 4 10—Frederick, G. W. 4:1 5—Houston, K. C. 4:20—Insley, R. E. 4-25—Kroeplin, W. A. 4’30—Terrio, D. G. 4:35—Woodson, J. C. 4:40—Antonini, E. M. 4:45—Berg, W. F. 4-50—Daugherty, V. 4 55—Nevin, H. W. Tuesday, Oct. 11 8:00—Helbig, H F. 8:05—Irvin, J 8:10—Janusz, E. J 8:15—Kellog, A. W. 8:20—Knapp, A. P. 8:25—Kree, R E 8-30—Knowiton, F. M 8:35—Lemen, R. M. 8:40—Levernier, P. A 8- 45-Lewis, V H. 8:50—Light, D N 8:55—Lawn, E K 9:00—Jacobsen, L A 9:05—Kingsley, L. D 9:10—Klauss, R E 9- 15-Koehler, A S 9-20—Lucas, R E 9:25—Lugenbill, P.
9 30—Lyboult, J. C. 9-35-McAfee, J H. 9:40—McClanathan, G. L. 9:45—McClain, J. W. 9:50—McCoy, D E 9.55—Meissner, D. H. 10.00—Long, D. R 10:05—McDonald, R. L. 10:10—McEachron, W. D. 10:15—Martin, D S. 10:20—Mast, W C. 10:25—Malysiak, C. B 10:30—Mann, C. W. 10:35—Marks, M 10:40—Metz, C B 10:45—Michael, R W 10:50—Middleton, R. W. 10:55—Mason, E S, I 1:00—Lemmox, A R. 11:05—Liang, Ping-Chic II :10—Longfield, J. D 11.1 5—Loskot, B I 1 :20—Luce, C B II :25—Ludberg, J E 11 :30—Lux, J H I 1 :35—Lynch, J J II :40—McCreery, R D 1 1:45—Martin, W C I 1 50—Maxwell, H P II :55—Magnussek, M. C. 1 :00—Oyler, R W 1 05—Lidgard, W H 1 :10—Lownie, H W 1 .15—Miller, J H 1 :20—Miller, P C 1 .25—Miller, T B 1 :30—Millholland, W K. 1 .35—Mather, R 1 .40—Matthews, G W.
1.45—Millney, R. C 1:50—Mellett, J. B. 1 :55—McLeish, D. R. 2:00—Lauderbock, P. G. 2.05—McWhirten, R. E. 2:10—Mackie, J. W. 2:15—McClarren, E. E. 2:20—McCormick, S. L. 2:25—Lewis, G. H. 2:30—Margolian, L. B. 2:35—Mihal, J. 2:40—Minor, R. 2:45—Minnich, G. E. 2:50—Morrison, R. B. 2:55—Morse, D. P. 3:00—Marks, S. M. 3:05—^Moses, F. C. 3:10—Murphy, G. F. 3:1 5—Myers, R. S. 3:20—Nickels, J. H. 3:25—Obenchain, R. F. 3:30—O'Fallon, E. S 3:35—Ostroot, B. C. 3:40—Parson, M. 3:45—Pattison, C P. 3:50—Peirce, A R. 3 -55—Perry, C E. 4:00—Perry, W. H. B 4:05—Smith, W. E 4:10—Frazel, H. 4:1 5—Stapleton, R A. 4.20—Laramore, Mary Jane 4:25—Hall, Ruth 4:30—Rabig, Frances 4'35—Steele, Virginia 4 40—Sexton, Rufina 4:45—Lockner, Charlotte 4 50—Dyer, R 4-55—Wray, D R.