wry,
i' V'’''' '^ I ■■ ' *'^ ‘ '' ' /'^"' ‘’' '"'' ’"’ t *''”'1 '! ''* ’'' ' -" ,'"''' vf*"'-''r ■" ''''• ' w^ v' > ' • 'I' _ ^ !'>>'’'
^ ^ /AH y ‘j?-■*.
Riveter Tank T^am Wins Afl-State SvVim 'Meet ,
EsMbliihed 18^9
%pxme4U d Daily Since 1908
Volume 53, No. 148
West Lafayette, Indiana
Con VO To Feature Soloists
\ttSUM6n Mi)RY-60' KOUl
By Drew Pearson end Kobert S. Allen
MeVey Will Address Ag Staff Tomorrow At Monthly Meeting
Third Open Program Will Begin At 3 P.
Committee Sets Low Price On Tickets; To Offer 1000
To Speak To Students At Convo Wednesday
Republicans Turn Heat On To Make Alf Landon Committee Chairman
Frank L. MeVey, President Emeritus of the University of Kentucky, will jrivc the first of a series of three lectures l)efore faculty and when he will address the regular student grou])s tomorrow noon monthly luncheon of the afrricultural staff on the subject “The Declaration of Independence and the American Way.” The meetinf?, whicli will be held m the Union, is open to all members of the faculty.
Sponsored by the Student War Council, the third in the present series of Sunday afternoon musicales will feature all local talent this afternoon. The program, which will start at 3 p. m., is open to the public free of charge. Music Hall dour.s will open at 2:15 p. m. Headlining tlie list of soloists of the University Musical Organizations appearing on today’s program will be Marvin Smithy tenor. Smith, soloist of tTie Men’s Glee Club and the Concert Choir, has appeared with the groups in cities and towns throughout the midwest. He is ajjpearing in the role of :enor soloist for the musical or-
Druggists Will Hold
WASHINGTON —The heat’s, on in inner Republican circlc.s to make Alf Landon National Committee Chairman. Senator Robert Taft, runner-up for the 1940 GOP presidential nomination, is a leader in this under cov^r drive. For a long time after the Philadelphia convention, the disappointed Ohio Senator was sore at Landon. Taft felt that if Landon had backed him in the final neck-and-neck tussle with Willkie, ho would have won the nomination. But these peeves now seem to have evaporated and Taft is strong for Landon to replace Representative Joe Martin as GOP chief in the coming crucial election battle. Taft laid his cards frankly on the tabic about this to Martin personally. Heading a group of other Republican Congressmen, Taft went to Martin and told him they felt he should relinquish the National Chairmanship to a party leader who could give more time to the job. “Whom have you got in mind?” afjked Martin. “We think Landon would he the riglit man,” said Taft. The meeting was very friendly. The delegation empliasizcd they had nothing against Martin personally and lauded his long years of service to the party. But they pointed out that he was carryiifg a double load as House Floor leader and National Chairman and that the political situation required a fun-lime executive for the latter job. Marlin told the group he would think the matter over and give them his answer later. Note; After Alf Landon conferred with Taft in Washington, he went on to New Yoik whei e ho tnlk-
The following evening, March 24, Dr. MeVey will address the Social Science Seminar in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. His subject there will be “The Expansion of the Frontier and Rise of Democrary.”
Muldoon, Spease To Talk
To Delegates At Session
Finishes Wednesday MeVey will give his concluding lecture on Wednesday, March , 25, when he will speak before the University Defense Convocation at 7:30 in the Music Hall. His subject will be “Thfe American Way Strikes a Dilemma.”
Beginning Tuesday, March 24, the twelfth annual Druggists Business Conference will be held in the Union building. Topics for discussion will range fi’om “The Effect of War on Drugs and Phai niaccutieals” to “Professional Relations.”
ganizations for his fourth and last year, and plans to enter the Air Corps upon graduation in May. < Arthur Jacklin, freshman engineer who has appeared many times as solo pianist in the Union Music Room series, will play three numbers. Jacklin was three times winner of the national piano contests while attending West Lafayette high school, lie studied piano at DePaiiw university before transfer--ring to the University. Baiitone William Kennedy, also (Continued on page 2)
Maestro To Play For Second Time
Dr. MeVey, graduated from the Uplyprsity of Minnesota and taught there for several years. While teaching, he conducted a tax survey which led to revision of the Minnesota tax laws. Soon afterwai ds he accepted the presidency of the University of North Dakota, where he remained until called to the University of Kentucky in 1913. He retired in 1940 from this post and since then has devoted his time to lecturing, writing and further research in the fields of history and economics. Dr. MeVey is a personal friend of President Elliott and has worked with him on educational projecl.s for many years.
Hugh G. Muloon, dean of the School of Pharmacy at Duquesne University, and JGidward Spease, Director of Professional relations of the National Association of Retail Druggists, will be among the principle speakers to address the conference.
Charlie Spivak and his <irchestra have been signed' to provide rhythm at the Jtmior Prom on April 17, it was‘aft* nounced late last night by the Prom Committee. Spivak’s appearance here will be his second in the current school year. Spivak’s earlier appearance was at the Homecoming Dance in the Union last October 26. Spivak’s popularity on the campus at that time was versed by the highly favorable comment after the dance. Tickets for the outstanding dance of the year will go oh sale March 31. In accord with the present trend of decreasing expenses foi the duration of the war, the Prom Committee this year Set the lowest price of admission eyer charged. The tickets will sell for $2.20 and will be on sale in tRe Cashier’s office in the Executive building imtil 1,000 have been sold. Ticket sales will begin for Juniors on Tuesday and Wednesday, March 31, and April 1; Seniors and juniors may purchase tickets oh
CHARLIE SPIVAK . . . the man with "The Sweetest Thursday and Friday; and all
Trumpet in the World, who will bring his orchestra to ? tickets will go on sale . ^ , r . . A .. 1-, students Saturday. Pdssj^dm
the campus lo play for the Junior Prom on April 17.
will be necessai-y for the pureha^d of the tickets and for admiSSioh to
the dance.
Contest For Putterers For Convocation Cover
Will Close on April 20
Six Speakers Hie first session, Tuesday afternooli, will consist of six speeches. Glen L. Jenkins, dean of the School of Pharmacy will welcome the delegates. Fred E. Thomas, Harold V. Darnell, Hugh G. Muldoon and H. R. Allen, will complete the afternoon session with discussions of various topics. Tuesday evening. President E. C. Elliott will act as toastmaster at the banquet. The banquet will be informal and entertainment will be furnished by the University Glee Club. The speaker at that time will be Dr. L. M. Sears of the history, economics, and government staff, who will discuss, “The Present Crisis in a Possible Perspective.”
(See MERRY-GO-ROUND, page 2)
Alpha Lambda Delta Will Initiate Pledges
On Sunday Morning
Alpha Lambda Delta, national freshman women’s honorary sorority, ycsterday pledged eighteen coeds who qualified for membership last semester by making an index of 6.00 or better. Initiation will be lield Sunday, March 29, at 8 a. mand will be followed by a breakfast in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union. The following women were pledged: Betty Ann Arth, Lorine Brooks, Treva Davis, Ruth Ford, Patricia Gaylord, Marijean Graves, Bertha Katz, Marion LaFuze, Ruth Adele Levin, Dorothy Murphy, Mary Parisi, Martha Lee Riggs, Emma Santini, Virginia Sellers, Emily Snyder, Faye Tyler, Ruth Walker, and Virginia Warren.
Under the direction of Bob Parks, liead of the Puttering Shop, a contest IS being sponsored for the students who wish to submit original designs for the new University convocation program cover. All designs must be submitted lo Die Puttering Shops on or before 12 noon April 20 for consideration by the jury, which is composed of Mrs. K. Lark-Horowitz, Prof. Justus Rising, and Piof. Maiion Willoughby. The juiy will award the first prize winner ten dollais and the second piize winner five dollars. The designs submitted foi this contest must be appropriate to the Music Hall lind the text now on the present piograms must be retained in the new designs. Samples of the programs now in use may be obtained from the Putteiing Shops in the Union. Each student may subas long as they aic all on white limit as many designs as he wishes lustration board 12 x 18 inches and in Indian ink. Size, style, and placement of the type to be used in the text should be indicated in pencil.
Two Sessions On the last day, Wednesday, March 26, there will he two sessions of the conference. In the morning the topics discussed will be “Effect of the War on Drugs and Pharmaceuticals,” “Radio’s Aid in Building Indiana Drugstores,” “The Pharmacist and National Health,” and “The Newer Drugs and Phaimaceuticals.’ Kappa Psi, Phaunacy honorary, will hold a luncheon. In the afternoon, the last speeches of the conference will be given. Spease will give an address on “Profcitsional Relations’ at that time. The conference will be concluded by a louud table discussion at 3:00 p. m.
WAA will hold its annual winter spoi’ts banquet next Tuesday, March 24, at G p. Ill , in room 363 of the Union. All women students are invited to attend. Tickets arc 65c and may be obtained at the ipain office in the Women’s Gymnasium, at sorbrily houses or from the ward representatives. Due to llie defense piogiaip the banquet will be informal instead of the traditional formal affaii. The jinncipal speakei will be Rabbi Meyer Jl. Simen, who will talk on the siibiect, “Physical and Spiritual Recreation.” Also included on the program will be the installation of new officers and council inciiibers. Numerals will be .-iwaided to those who have made a class team or earned 200 {loints, and P-moiitfgi aiiis will be presented to those who have earned 1,000 lioints. Coeds who i eeeive the Pmonogranis will beedme members of Spoitswomcn, WAA lionoiary. The committee for the banquet is as follows; Kathryn Ade, chairman; Gwen Curry, menu arrangements; Jackie Harrison, program; Ruth Walker, decoiations; Evelyn Scluibcr, publicity, and Eleanoi Serban, tickets.
Pecsok And Kintner
Win Bridge Tourney
Tau Beta Pi To Initiate
New Men At Banquet
The designs will bo judged on the basis of oiiginality, appiopriateness, good proportion, and caioful drawing.
Henry L. Miller
Former Students
... of the univeisily, Harry Wilds, Joseph R. Jarvis, and W. L. Reynolds received second lieutenants’ commissions in the Air Corps Reserve Monday, March 16.
, . . Sci. ’40, has been named program director at radio station WPAT, Patterson, New Jersey. Millet served on the staff of WBAA while a student heie and subsequently was employed at WDWS, Cbampaign-Urbana, Illinois, and WEOA-WGBF, Evansville, before obtaining his present position.
Tau Beta Pi, all-engineering honorary, has announced the pledging ot the following men. They will be initiated at the time of the annual All-Honorary banquet. They are J. H. Aimstrong, R. T. Ball, D. D. Baita, L. L. Bonham, W. K. Burnside, T. H. Curry, E. E. Deiser, R. W. Deuster, W. J. Frantz, D. A. Frost, D. O. Hubert, R. L. Jenkins, R. S. Kalb, W. G. Koernei, C. B. Leber, F. McDonald, D. W. Meier. H. M. Merrill, R. W. Orr, A. F. Pier, W. L. Schalliol, H. D. Shekels, W. S. Shockency, R. E. Sprague, T. J. Taylor, M. R. Velkoff, R. J Visin, R, A. Von Behren, G. R. Walter, W. G. Walker, H. M. Whippo, D. O. Henricksen.
Jim Pecsok and George Kintner yesterday won the annual Student Union sponsored bridge tournament with a match point score of 156. Olhci placing teams weie as folfolws; second, Roth and Evans, 144; third, Kiisch and .lohnson, 136, and fourtli, Gillette and Laddon, 135'Z!. Cups weie awarded to the winners. Seventy learns entered the contest which began Maich 7. The sixteen teams Which survived the fiist lound played on March 14 and again yesterday to determine the winneis.
Sixty Coeds To Attend Mortar Board Dinner
Preliinmaiies for the .sixth annual Hanley Speech contest will be held in room 301 of the University' Hall Tuesday, March 24, at 4 p, ni. Since vei y few entries have been received so far, all enginocis interested in Ibis competition are uiged to enter. Tile topic may be anything portaining tp engineering piovided that it IS apinoachcd fioiii an economic standpoint and relates to the wai. All persons interested must call the Speech office in Uiuvoisity Hall by lomoirow at the latest. First piize loi the contest will be a 25-dollai defense bond with fifteen dollais cash added. Second and Uiiid piizes aie 25-dollar defciisc bonds with live dolUiis cash added to the second pi ize. These pi izes aie donatcil by William Hanley, ME ’ll, who siionsms the yearly contest. Si\ speakei s vill he cluiseu liuiu those pal ticipating in the iiieliniinaiies to coiiipete in the final loimd, which will be held in Fowlei flail, Maich 31, at 7-30 p in Lasl yoai Dick S))! iiiggali’, ChE ’42 w.is llie winner of tlie contest. Jutlges to: ttie conlesl will he Prof. R. G 'riionms ot the hisLoiy, economics .uid govei nineiiL depaitment, Pi of (' J, Lovell of the school of Mechanical engineei mg, Piof. P E. Lull and Piof. A. M. Monioe both of the English department. All persons with any questions concerning the contest should call Bert Squiei, manager of the coldest.
By Ted Wendel Frosty Sprowl’s total of 201 votes yesterday put him in the lead for the “Athlete of the Year” award, lo Ire tendered by the Exponent, as the balloting closed. The student support given Sprowl will be considered strongly when the student, faculty, athletic staff committee meets during the week to decide upon the wiirner and runnerup. Frosty was chosen the most valuable member of the basketball team both this sedson and last. He was an end on the football team and was something of a sensation in his professional debut on the court, scoring 20 points in his first game with the Chicago Bruins. Gus Bougluui, Satuiday’s leader and undefeated captain of the boxing team, chased Frosty to the tape witli 194 votes and was, in turn, closely followed by Casey Fredericks with 183 ballots, Casey remained undefeated in dual meets during his entire career and was Big Ten thainpion fot the last two years.
Sweet Trumpet Spivak is known for his “Sweets est trumpet in the world,” and has played his horn in the outfits of such dance masters as Ben Pollack, the Dorsey Brothers, Ray Nohtc, Bob Crosby, and Jack Teagarden. Since organizing his band less than two years ago, his popularity has steadily increased, as evidenced by his audience appeal in the most mous night spots in the country. He played at the Glen Island Ca* sino during the summer of 1940 and was an immediate success. So successful, in fact, that he drew crowds during the winter, when hiS engagement was lengthened. The casino is known as a summer Spot. Plays For Harvester’s Ball His greatest achievement came last August, when he was selected to play at the seventh annual Harvest Ball in Madison Square Gdr* den, alternating with Xavier CagUt. Twenty-two thousand dance fdfls packed the garden to witness the dance contests and listen to Spivak and Cugat.
Alpha Zeta Will Hold ' Meal-less' Banquet
Prof. F.E. Robbrns ^
Will Conduct Grain
Inspection School
Mortal Boaul, senioi women’s 0. W. Ford
honorary, will hold its Smarty Supper tonight at 5:30 in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Sixty co-eds are expected to attend the supper, which is given annually to honor sophomore and junior women who have distinguished rating. Peggy Davis is in charge of arrange-
ments for the supper.
. . of the agiiculluie clicimstry department will he in Urhaiia, Illinois, March 26 and 27 to atend attend an entomology conference of insecticides and pioblcins connected with spray lesulues. He will be accompanied by Prolessois Deay, Burk-
holdei, and McCown.
Glam guiding schools, under the direct ion of Prof. F. E. Robbins of tlie Agioitomy staff, will be con(hateil at the Uiuvoisily and several otlier points over the st.ite this nionlli and ne^t Tlie school will he lield on the campus tonioiiow and I'uesday, Maicli 23 <uid 21, at Ft Wayne, Maicli 30 and 31, piobahly 111 Indianapolis, Apiil 6 and 7; and at Vincennes on A]nil l,j and 11. The school is tuimanly foi elevator men and olhens v. lio have lo do M illi grain grading, hut anyone who wishes to cm oil may attend by pairing 50 cents, lo covei the cost of luatcuals used Piof. Robbins will teach the grailing of corn, wheal, oats, and soybeans, while Dr G II Cutler and Piof. I D. Ma>er will discuss new varieties anil grain stoiage lespectively. Furthei details about the school may be obtained from Robbins or Fled K. Sale, secretary of the Indilana Grain Dealers’ Association.
Alpha Zeta, national agricult,tir|l lionoiary, will hold a , banquet next Tuesday. The fupj& raised from the banquet wUl be given to the Red Cross and used to puiv chase government bonds. The banquet will be staged according to custom, with a speakei^ and an entertainment feature. ing the piogram the freshman ag^ ricultural student with the highest average for the previous semestoV will be awarded the Alpha ISellk freshman scholarship trophy. Alumiii, actives and initiates bt the hoiioraiy and all others interested may attend the banquet. Tickets may he obtained from Alpha Zeta pledges or Dr. M. G. Smith
Faculty Notice
To Members of the Faculty: The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held ed Monday, March 23, at 4 p. m. |ui Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attend* aucc is expected. Edward C. ElUott. Ptoaidcaili.
to,
■7,4
4Purdue Exponmt
Sunday, March 22, 1942
(Cohtintiod from page 1) l^afifesliman, will present the third *|^tX)iip of itambevs. lie is a mcinbc^T i, of. the concert choir, Glee Club, and Tlnivereity choir. A’.senior in the School of Home ^Ehgh^mipSi Alherta Schmadel has siBiig for^ree j'cars as sdpvano soIciiat for the Concert Choir. Miss Schmadel attended Arthur Jordan Conservatory of Music for ope year. ,1^0-has ^d^peared, in the annual ,’^at|it:3j‘'Siow each .year pf her at^f^n^ance at tiie iJniversity. Trw . Other, groups participating in the program will b.e a marimba trio composed of Doris Hamilton, Barba^fa^eidfe, and Betty IV^Mi-lott,! and a. m^e'quartet, composed of Marvin Smith, Ray Friend, Jim Chase apd Joe Richards. ;-The program,for the eonpert is as follows,:,, “i'l'h,. Moon of My Delight” by tjehman, “When I Have Sung My Songs” by, Charles, and, “The Hills of Home” by Fox, ail siing by Marvin Smith. “Minute Waltz” by Chopin, “Minstrels” by Debussy, and “The Great Gate of Kiev” by Moussorgsky, all presented by Arthur Jacklin. “Danny Boy,” a traditional, .“Thine Alone” by Herbert, and “Maids of Cadiz” by Delibes will be sung by Alberta Schmadel. Kennedy Sings “The Twenty-Third Psalm” by Malotte, “Boots” by Kipling-Fel-man anej “The Green Eeyed Dragon” by W. Charles will he presented by William Kennedy. “Tales from the Vienna Woods” by Strauss will be presented by the marimba trio. .“Soldiers of Fortune” by Romberg, “Winter Song” by Bullard, “I’ve Been Workin’ on de Railroad,” a traditional, and “My Bonnie,” a Scotch air, will be presented by the male quartet. WBAA MONDAY, MARCH 23 9:45—News 10:00—“News Writing” with Prof. ■ '■) J. H. McKee 10:50—WBAA Presents 10:55—News 11:00—“World History Siime 1914” with Prof. Frank Hall 11:50—^Purdue News , 11:55—News . 12:00—^A^i’icultural Forum 12:30—Meet the Band i2:-55—rNews-1:00 Light Classics 1:15—Foods, Facts, Fancies 1:30—Indiana Better Homes 1:45—Markets 1;^5—Nws 2‘:00—-Story a Day .2:15—iiadio Camera Club 2:30—S'qfety Program 2:45—Music 2:55—^i^ews 3:00—Mary Louise Reppert — , , pianist 3:15—AHernoon Melodies . .3:30 —Organ Moods—Mary , Louise Reppert 3:55—News . , 4:00—Tea Time Tunes . 4:30—Betty W'edge—singer 4:45—The Curio Man '4:50—Music 4; 65—News 5:00—^Ju.st Relax 5:30^—^Vespeis .!'5:46-lLittle Miss Muffett. 5:55—^News 6:00—Dinner Hour 6:30^—Sports Review 6:45—Music 6:55—News ' 7:00—Social Security , 7:15—3M’s 7:30 Eleanor Slopesma—.singer 7:4.5—College Questionnaire — .. . . Mr. C. E. Dammon 7:55—New.s ' 8.:,Q0—Mu.sic 8:J5—Progies-s of Purdue 8:30—William Warren—pianist : 8V45—Eventide Echoes 8:55—News 9:00—^ufiicana 9:55—News 10:06—Off the Air
Uni^rsity Calends WEI^K OF^ARC^I iz-13, rfc
Sunday, March 22
1:00 P.M.—Delta Gamma Dinner ! .......,Room 363, Union 3:00’ P.M.—Varsity Show Hall of. Music 5:30 P.M.—Mortar Board Smarty Supper....East Faculty Lge, Un- . . ion 7:30 P.M.—Scrivener Club ...Room 261, Union
MoHday, March "23
12:00 Noon—^Agricultural Staff Luncheon —Dr. Prank L. MeVey West Faculty Lounge, 4:00 P.M.—Union Committee .Room 305, Union 4:15 P,M.—^Union Committee :-...Room 303, Union 7:00 P.M.—Folk Dancing .Tower, itnfon, 7:30 P.M.—High School Supervisors , Room 261, "Union 8:30 P.M.-—Reamers Meeting Room 304, Union 8:30 P.M.—University Club Guest Night ...South Ballroom, Union
Tuesday, March 14
9:00 A.M.1:00 P.M.2:,00 ;P.M.'4:00 P.'M.6:0P ;P.M.6:00 7:30'P;M;7:'30 P.'M.7:30 P.M-^
-Annual Druggists’ Business Conference -Druggists’ Conference -Dfp^igts’ .Wives -Cqipniitte.e on State of ,.Xiniyersiiy -■ -prujg'gi.sts’.^ banquet -W.., ,A • ■ i b ^ ^ 00 o e t .... -Chris.tian Science Organ,1 izatioin -Marital Lecture ! -SoeiaT Science Lectui'e —^Dr. Frank L. Me'Oey
West Faculty Lounge, Union ..South Ballroom, Union -East Faculty Lounge, . , Union ; . .. ..Ropni Unioq , ; , .iMq.r.tii Ballr.op.m, Uniop. ..iiooms 355 & 363, Union .:Roomj;303,|i]niqn ..West .Faculty Lounge, .Union.,.. ; . ... V East Faculty Lounge, Union
Weikhbsdiiy, ' iOta ix h 15
9:00-A.'M.—Annual- Di.’u'ggists’ Busi- , . . ,, ness Cpnferenee .......... 12:,0.0 Nwn—tiyappa Psi.Luncheon .... T:30 P.lVl.—Druggists’ Wives 7:,pp rP.M-—-P-. !• A- Dance CiagS . ' 7 :bo P.M.—Certification inspectors .. , ..Training. 7:00 P.M.—Alpha .Ze^a, 7:30 P.M.—Marriage Course
7:30 ,P,M.7:30 P,M..7:30 P.'M.-
.3;PP P.M.6:00 P.M.7:15 P.M.7:30 P.M.7:30 P.M.7:30 P.M.7:30 P.M.7:30 P.M.8:00 P.M.-
-S.ca bbard and, .B lade, -Graduate Dames First Aid . , Cla.sses -Student C-onvoc^.ipn— Dr. Frank L. MeVey Tifuii^^ay, j'^arch -Screen ,.Review ■■ -Alpha. Keta “Meal-less” Eanque.t -Riding Club -Alpha Zeta Initiation -First Aid Classes -Camera Club -P. I.. A. Chorus -Chri.stian Student Fellowship. -Civil Air Patrol
..;South,.Ballroom, Union .,Rponv.36|I,,Mnion... .. East .Faculty Lounge, ; .,,..yn,ion-, _ ; ..North Bailrboih, Union •Moom .iP4,. Ag,.jEtall .iRppjn 303., tjwon., ..Rooms,..3T2 nnd 304, •t - „ ■ynion ,. ..Tower, Union .;Hobm ’llO, 'dliE BMg. ..Hall of Music ..Hall of Music , ..Room 3.63, Upion . ..Room 306, 'Union ..Room 363,.Union ..Room 302, Union ...Room 304, Union ...Tower, Union ...Room 307, Union ...Room 303, Union
Friday/ March 27
3:00
4:30 7:00 7:30 8:30 8:30
9:00 9:00
2:00 7:00
7:30 .9:30
P.M.—Regional Convention of National Student Federation
P.M.—Cosmopolitan Club Meeting .
P.M.—Sigma'Alpha Epsilon Dinner Dance
P.M.—Interfraternity Fellowship P.M.—P. I. A. Dance P.M.—Alpha Chi Rho Dance.........
...Both Faculty Lounges,
Union
.. Room 304, Union ...Chapter House. ...Room 307, Union ...Both Ballrooms, Union ...Chapter House
,,, ,(iCp,ntiinied-,fhqm/page j,, „ed w^th 'VS^.erM|e|X'^ill|cie, 'Xjpm Upwey, II,erbhrt Hboyeii;, and.jMi’s, Q"g■jden Reid’, of the ,Np^ 'Jfprk; Heva-ld yrribune. M^hat they adyised is, their secret, but subsequentl'y Alf seemed very discouraged about becoming ■ chairman; pf the Republican National Committee. • Bathtubs or Battleships? How is,' your supply of bathtubs ? , If .'you are building a new .house ,and, want a couple of bathtubs,in ,it, or if ypu have, grown tixpd pf •Xhe four-legged “antique” in your bathroom and want to replace it with a neo-angle tub in rose or lavender—act fast, or the WPB will catch up with you. War Production Boax’d is debating • the question of halting the ipanufacture of bathtubs-. Enough steel wobld be saved (56,000 tons) to' make a couple of war ships. Last year, moi’e than a million f;iibs were made-—a -record. Jf production were stopped, xve would be asked to use shower baths in.stead. Stalls for showers caix be made of non-metallic ma-teriais-tile, cement or plastirs. Opponents of the plan ronjure up the pilture of mother, with a towel about her waist, getting wetter and wetter as she tries to bathe junior under the shower. Secondary objection is that old folks like to rest while they scrub. The debate has divided the WPB into opposing camps, each maintaining stoutly that the ax’guments of the other are all wet. Latest arguments hurled from the two sides were expressed in these short sentences: “Cleanliiie.ss i.s next to Godlines.s.” “Yes, but war is hell.” • Army Goes To Sea , A hot, bixckstage fight between the army, navy, and-xxxaritim.e-com-inission has developed over .Brig-a-xier GCn. Charles P. Gross, and his cimbitioiis plan for the army to take ovei air was shipping. The, row has ' even gone' up to Harry Hopkins and ,to Transportation Czar Jpe Eastman, so far withoxit settlement. , ■ Crux of the battle is that Gen. Gross, ail infantry officer recently placed in charge of army transport, 'is eagc,r to take over docks, ships, rail and inlan'd transportation, operate all of the supply ships which now sail .unher the Maritime Commission and the navy. The.maritime conxipis^ipn and the navy, however, claim that the job of the army is to remain on the land, and they will handle water transportation. ,, , . Before the sea-dogs realized what was happening, however, Gen Gross had quietly xvritten out an order and taken it to Joe Eastman, who was on the verge of signing it. Gross i.s. under Gen.
Saturday, March 28
A.M.A.M.-
National Student Federation....Room 304, Union National Stiulent Federation....East Faculty Loun.ge,
Union -
P.M.—National Student Fedo'ation....Room 302,-Union, P.M.—N.S.F.A. Banquet East Faculty Lounge,
Union
P.M.—Tommy Dorsey Orchestra .Hall of Music P.M.—Tommy Dorsey Mixer i. ....Both Ballrooms, Union
SUN.-MON. AMERICA ON THE MARCH!
LUNA
2 HITS
THE ROWDIEST "THIN MAN" THRILLER OF
^tUtdus, £xpomjnL Ali'American 1940-'41 Rntered as second, class matter at the post oUke in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress «rf MardV 3, 4879/an<t at the fspcyial rate of postage iMovid.ed for in section 110,3, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20* 4922. Published daily e.xcept Monday during the regular academic year and weekly dqring the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $1.00.
lOd i to r i e f.. New# £(fUor Bdltor....
..Ned A. OchUtrec ..John L. Trflusrott .PhU Johnson
Hiisine.ss Manajjer.. M^narino: Editor Coed Edil4>r
Don S. Powers ..Loland W. KulTner Until Rose
Publication Staff AnHoriate Editor# EdIlorUl Staff: J. .P. Amw. J. 11- Armalronc, D. T. Bropby, ft. L. Uadlc-y, P. I. Jpdcb. E. G. KIi.jht. SporU Staff: ,0. T. Clark, J. D. FraBdr, J. S. Keeler. Cued Staff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Cliatfteld, Jane Samadell.
Business Sf’aff Co«‘d UuHinettfl Manaiiicr: Uunna Sicsu; Office Manavei * Lue liussone. lyocal AdvcrlisinK Maiiayers: K. K. Gjctnrc, K. E. Saxton; Circulation Mana^fcr: W. T. Jicll; Accounts MaiiaKcr: W. U. MillairJ. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frunkenberry, Frances Lloyd, Juiiu Martin.
Pkonu: E^toyial,an4JSuunms, 4005; Sport*, 2792 Ediiforial After 10 P; M., 5377
Jtenroaeiited for' national advertistne by Natiorml Advertising Service, Inc., College Piiblishera llepresentatives, 420 Madiaun Ave.. New York. N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
NifM. £<Utor: Smith Pay Kditer: Beall
Night SportB Bditur; Karpiuk iHBtie Editor: Vegh
Workerfi: Wulf, 'I'^yson, Krieger, Dawson. Stooges: Ted Clark, JohiVAmos.
Spmervelle, Quartertnastcir General, who, New YorkJjVPA ;adroinisti:atoFjyn,d,eir Xhe-^lfh, his old friend in the White Honse.^ Howevei'j ex-Budget Director L'ewis Douglas, newest addition to the Mai’itime Commission, ,so far • has Mocked the army gx-ab, He claixns the army has enough tp, do fighting, without sailing ships. , Note: Douglas, rtow acting as rigM bo.wer to Admiral Land, chairman of the Maritime Cpxiiinission, .has put new life, into, the or-: ganization. • Seniority War and Navy Secretaries Stimson and Knox let the Senate Foreign Relations committee in on a number of military secrets,, which cannot be disclosed, when they testified behind closed doors op the closed doors on the $500,000,000 loan to China. In return, the cabinet officers were vouchsafed a political secret by Senator Tom Connally, committee chairman, which can be told. , The courtly Texan was confronted with a problem in protocol in trying to decide whether Stimson or Knox should be the first witness. Finally, he turned to the 74-year-old War Secretary and said: “Mr. Stimson, we will hear you first. I believe you have senior- : “I won’t stand on my seniority if you prefer hearing Mr. Knox,” smiled Stimson. “Oh, we insist,” said Connallj', “We are great believers in seniority here in the Senate. If that w'eren’t so, some of us committee chairmen wouldn’t have our jobs.” Note: Though not named by Connally, Senator Reynolds of North Carolina, Chairman of Military Affairs, is definitely in this, category. Able Senator Austin, though a Republican,/does, the real work of the Senate Military Affairs Committee. • Fading Townsendites “Old Doc” Townsend’s pension organization, once one of the most potent pressure movements in the .country, is having, hard going. The war seeins-.to have blitzed it.. That’s the inside story . behind Townsend’s announcement that his annual c.onvention—the scene pf nxany .spectacular events, among them Father Coxighlin’S violent “liar” speech against President Roosevelt—has been called off. All arrangements had been made tn,hold this year’s gathering in Denver, around July, 1, xvlien suddenly it was cancelled. According to Townsend’s Weekly, the reason was the “auto tire
shpj|^tage’/j,and the possibility of gaso||ne y^^tioning- But accoixiiflig vjtQ insiders, the, real reason was? lack of finances. They say; jjprivately that' the Townsend treasury is at its lowest ebb and that nickel-and-dime revenue from old people has fallen off “fifty per cent.” Chief alleged cause is the war. But insiders admit another important factor is loss of interest because Townsend failed to make good his rosy px’omises dangled before oldsters for, .years,, . ' ’i'he revenue problem is so acute that Townsend recently dropped several top officials in the Washington headquax’ters, and in a frantic effort to rebuild membership he is cutting out salaries for state leaders and putting them on a straight commission basis. Also, expensive Washington headquarters were moved to several modest rooms next to a Chinese
laundry.
Note: The Townsend Weekly cheerily announced that the shift of Capital offices was because the orgam'zation needed “larger- quarters due to expanded activities in the field.” . , • GOP Tieup ' The Townsend organization:probably will not do a complete fadeout. Several Townsend big shots, privately disgruntled by the state of the treasury and the “Old Doc’s” one-man rule, are secretly trying to form an alliance with the Republican party. Further,, it can be.reported that the plan has mot a friendly
reception.
Kingpin of the undercover move is Beecher Hess, until recently Townsend’s chief lia.sou man otl 'Capitol Hill. GOiP National Chairmair Joe, Martin has hired Hess as a “.research expert.” .Actually, his job is to line up Townsendites behind Republican candidates in this year’s crucial congre.ssional
elections.
Hes.s has assux'.ed Martin that the iiow-repealed “pensions for Congress” can be forged into a hot issue , against the Democrats. , Another Townsend, leadei- active in the undercover entente with the GOP is B. J. Brown, chief Townsend mogul in Indiana. Note: The Democratic National
Committee has: qiiieiiiy ' P^' vvarixing, to ,, D'eniocEittliqi tSBXjatoi'p and congressmen to beware oUJiSSSWord is that Hess is* gettiliS-Deiia^ cx’ats to unburden ' themselves , j)X their px'ivate views about tRh Prqs*^ ■ ident and that later theae blahtdvqli be made public as paid pf Hxc cjOR campaign to captux’e control Pf Gotigress. ■ ^ i • UU
• Merry-Go-Rpund
A*quiet investigation is uridexi of reports' that certain .cpri),Di’.a|j,pn officials, are forcing kxckba,ci{s fx^Qpi war subcontractors. AcCordingj^,',it.o the informaUon in govebninewt hands,, th'e money is going tp .dhe coi-poration officials personally. . . i Having taught himself . Spanish, Gpod; Neighbor-conscious Vice Pres? ident Wallace has taken up the study of Portugese. . . . Aixxpng Agricultivi’e Departnxent.. irreyerente,, the big' handed bureauerjats of the AAA are known ,.as “clu»tex;heads.*’ . . . Army, Navy, and Civil Defense authorities rate tall Maydx' Ed RMly of Chicago as the most cooperative of the NYA’s' training system,^ The Navy is senfding specially selected men from its newly organized Cotv struction, Regiments to, NY A, training center? for trkhilngviirp.^kill^l crafts; . . . The steel industi’y whiejx is hard up for serqp ipon'.,Xwei^olii huge quantities, to the . Jappifte.se). might get a tip from this: “On Eas.t Street in Pittsfield, Mass.,” writes a correspondent,“is, .a, dpubje,.,set qf abandoned, trolley tracks^ One rajl weighs 55 pounds, so with 8 to 10 miles of D’ack there, are 900 tons pf high quality steel buried in the rut? hei-e.” ,A lot, of. towns have aban-
doned trolley tracks.
(Copyright, 19'42, by United Fea-
ture Syndicate, Inc.)
T,K.Cowden . ... of. the, farm managei'nenhdepartment, will attend a Farm Bu1‘eait meeting in Indianapolis .tomorrow to discuss the American Institute of Cooperation.
Everything for a College Education IdEAC’S
ARC
- TODAY - MONDAY - Now They're On The Screen!
ALSO
“SALT WATER DAFFY" ALL-COLOR CARTOON
NABOB NOW PLAYING
mmmk VER0jifrcft
The Picture Everybody Wants to See!
100 exciting minutes . . . jam packed with laughs . . . surprises ... suspense!
Carole vamps nasty nazis .. , . jack gests with the gestapo . . Romance one moment ■ ■ . danger the next . . a sboth wit and outwit the PHEr'erl
Starts TODAY
Are You Getting More Mileage from Your Ctetlies . . . as well as Tires?
If not, then try our Sanilonc Cleaning. Sanilone takes out the imbetUIetl grit that fehews fibers lo bits your woolen garments HI feel ixexv—and wear lots longer.
DIAL 7278
132 Noririweslern Ave.
Official Government Pictures , . .. Authentic! Dramatic! Tba Greatest War Story Ever Told! ^TOUR, ACeVV : with (. jj, PRIVATE C, K: SLACK APPEARfNG tN PERSON The only living .private hpIdiiKj ,a 5; Congressional Medal of Honor!
THRILLS AND ACTION Showing our own state boys at the battle fronts of Chatepu Thierry . . . Argonne . ,. St. Mihiol ... Hindenburg Line.
PLUS
Terror Streaked Drama in the Wildest Belt ol Land qiTt^ie Earth's $urfacef
Now sr^livrNO BOTH HITS'i'--
Riveter Swimmers
»' «Si^
w-'v
Cpa^h !^ic1k PapeTiguth's BoilenTtaker aquatic s*i^a® V«
Sunday# March 2Zr
Spring too|;ban,jjpractice forrfihe : varsity foojball gf^uad has been suspended until' Yuesdh'y, so that |he ■ gridders will, have an opportunity ,j;p, s^ake oil tho Effects of thp minor bruises and .iiii'jui’i;es ..tliat' always cfbp up ,i'ii the first week of dtilis. ^iphere are plenty of those' minor :,b^Uis:eS; on hand;, because all. the ..itten have been, going about their
■work with a lot of spirit. i|lajzyk Only Casualty ,
■ On Tuesday all the varsity eandi- ^ dates yith the; exception, of Bob Ha- w w f I I
will M ready to continue with , the conditioning work. Bob is out of By Bob Krieger
action with a painful charley horse, Whilfe,jpf?actically every big league pilot is losing sleep wonand wih probably need a week to Bering w&re'^ ean find a few good pitchers to add'to his .Xh^’SS; sln^l 9ioun(gtaif.,#ager Billy Southworth of the St. Louis Gard-
be I'oUndirig into first class shape. Coach Elmer Burnham has not
Ccfrithiol iM^hd ^taff
Riv^ Bdfferi^
,• • i ; ..I,,.';!':v-r 'i'i-d ('.(rir!.([Editor’s Note: Associate SportS|j^ditor Ted Clark takes over this corner in the absence of Phil Johnson.)
,iip th^ a^ivife for the current season in a t^aze
when they piled up,6S poiiits
indiaiia infercbltegiate Swimming Meet, Indiana finished tr^iiing i^^ the victors with 3-2-pointay a*ud:^» ;!]^^uw^,canie in third with 14 points, in a meet which, was $tate recor(J-shattering performances in hdlh the ifi©'yard'ireestyie and 200 yard breast stroke events.
..yr,
.^.y ^^^l^jiveters were off to a fine start when the trio codqK|fed .,'9:| ,jMdersonr Willianison and Herr came home in front in'the ^jQP'^apdinedley relay face. In the 220 yard free style* . s^h and Hansel, of the Boilermakers finished in that «i:der*'i&I■loiiyedhjr Vap Dufen and Craig of the Hoosiers. 'The d,i;'e,e3tylej:,.saw. Pakuckp of Indiana ■ . • . ■ V'
.nps^ out Branper of the Riveters in
inals/dblmiy ponders th^^ question of which members of his li^r'poWefed'hurliii^istaff He will he forced to cut loose when
hit,, upop a line-up that .could be .fhe. time- afriyes, to cut the squad ' ' ' ' ■ •
con^idtei’ed/the starting team as, yet, down to. twenty-five inen.
but he continues to‘experiment with 'Htehii& To Burn an, unusually strong staff of all.the material on hand in an effort southpaw hurlers. As a matter of to'find the best possible squad; Not Ppchpig talept Southworth has 5 lefties who all the men are at the same posi- Po^sj,Wy can cqrry,^^^^ together won 71 games last year, tidns that'they piayedlast fall, sev- sPiT^lsmgly fipe shomng pf sgvei-a jf j,e should decide to break eral pl'dyers have"been tried at new lookies promises, tq^make precedent and retain all of them it
Introducing Fred Kiinder His name is Fred Kincier. Ever hear.pf hiik? .Maybq.gQ;, op the othqr hand, probably not. By way of a little epiightenniept,,,Hr,ed;is, tpq,.Render, dark-haired lad who walks about in. front of.piip,;bleach!ei;^,at bpa,;^tball games with' a grin ten inches widp callmg,,, .“Apple^, picg cojp appl^p,. five cents.” He is proficient at tossing. theni ,up, into the top tier-.of,,the stands, too. He is also the chap who manages; the candy, and appl^q,concession in the, basement of the Pieldhouse, adjacent to the Intramural checkout room. . .
a photo,,fipish which had the crowd tance in 2:36,4 which is consid^in an unroar. faster than the old time of
Jt'ter-gM2’40 0 Juepgst Leads Divers ... 'j- j. T Riveters Win Title ... ■
i.i. A.tthis,point the divers took-over „ , - t>- x xt * ^otiight, but it was the same ^ niu T>.Ji„v,v,.Vo,. grabbed first place xn the 440 yard
okL.stofy insofar as Boilermaker , , , , , . . w -f,. 7 T x free style event, and his teammate; .gupepiqrity.was concerned. Juengst _-.„j iMfciiJ
this '.year’s .xyeeddng out job tough-
owuld give the Red Birds one of the
er than-psua.1. , ^ strongest southpaw corps ever asThe present .spring training staff sembled on a major league ball club.
Some Southpaws
Here are the lefthanders and
positions with a marked degree of
suCcSss.
Staff Experiments
;‘'Tex Smerke and Chuck Harris includes-17 moupdsmen,. 10 of whom hdve been shifted from quarterback starting tpe^i' first - season with to'end, Ray Stoelting has been mov- the Car J,, apP Billy intends to ca^- ^
ed from end to tackle and Carl ry a staff of 9 pr lO men during the ,th«r ipcoids. Hojvard Pollet,
Volkman from tackle to guard. season when the Red Birds
These shifts are Pot necassarily permanent but are merely, an , en-
He is a. cross country man ... remember Herm Ehniips’.cqpfereppe championship gang of harriers ? Well, Fred competed', m oply, a Cpuple of meets and spent the remainder of the season pii.,,the.ah.el;f .witb. arr. injured heel bone. In addition he runs the mile and two; mile .pn t^evjrpqk team. Oh yes, a couple of other little items: he,holds, do-wnian bfiyiA'jqb and waits on tables in a sorority house. No, Fred isn’t, a dull,,tpp,l-7;vhc gets good grades and manages to have the ordinary Purdue male’s quota of dates.
.^d Haucrc cpipe home in that order^,, with Shaw and Ross, of De-
trailing behind. Ross was
.more.pr less of a wildman on the , , ... .d^gbbprcL possessing plenty of ^^0 yard rel^ event, the >• ' : w .1. « ooQcr^n wqg r\TT i r*! a 11 tt OinH^-rntf
Ericksen, finished second- Wfigri the Boilei-maker quartet, of Branner, Lake and “Iron-man" WiH liamson came home in front iti-,;iJxe
.pprvpj, bpt.wpry little of anything
season was officially over, and^thd Riveters reigned supreme in-Sdo^
,pise,,;On,,one occasion he made the . . . . , . ... ■ ^ _ 7 1 j ler swimming circles. Thexr vxetofy erpwd'.gaap when he barely cleared ■ i ui ' "
make their bid to lay claim to the league title which is c.uiTently held
deavor on'theliart'of'Ih^'^ching by Leo Du^cher’s scrappy bunch of
staff to build the strongest,possible
team with the men available. Rookies Shine
Observers dt practice during the .Among the. new chuckei’s who past week were treated to a pre- have been impressive down at the view of: the type of football thut Cards, training base in St. Peters-
they will see next fall. Long funs, burg are Matt Surkont, from Rp- astounded tlie experts by his cool,,.into the open, wore, common, occur- Chester,■, and Johnny Beazley and -^®®® unde, rfire when Southworth rence in spite of an alert hard tack- A1 Jurich, hot hup from New Or- threw the kid into the very thick
ling secondary. Fumbles were rather leans. ■ , frequent, principally because the The Cardinal pitching situation (Continued 'on page 4) is further complicated by the pres-
26-5; Ernie White, 17-7; Max Laniei"., 10-8; Clyde Shoun, 3-5; and
HarX'y Brecheen, 16-6.
The recoi’ds of White and Lanier apd Shoun were compiled with the Cardinals, while Pollet won 20 games,for Houston before finishing off a brilliant season in a Cardinal uniform. This long, lean youngster
Play This On Your Baby Grand
EDGERTON hdWe.jnc. HAROWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES fldOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
SCOBEE’S
SENIORS:
Phone 2343
Employers arc interviexving now— DON’T DELAY Have application photos ready—Reliable service,
ffh
105 Nfbrfhwesfern Ave.
of the pennant fight during the last invasion of Ebbets Field by the
Cardinals. i
. In addition to this fine collection of lefthanders, the Cards also haye Morton Cooper, reputed to be the speed king of the entire league, Lon Warneke, the long, loose-jointed righthander who turned in a no hit —no run game last season, Harx'y Gumbert, and Bill Lohrman, the erstwhile. Brooklyn Schoolboy who was obtained from the Giants in the
deal for Johnny Mize.
All in all it look sas if it will take a mighty good team to beat the Cai'ds this season, but then the Bi'ooklyn. Dodgei’s are a ixiighty
good team.
But here’s something we can’t figure ,out: he sends riloxiqy jipme;, to hi,s folks . . . and that last isn’t a typographical error, Itiis^.quitqp tpkk, tp be self sufficient while going to college, It is another thing again to help the folks, for the reverse is usually true. It might be well tp go into how this concession got it’s start. Kinder thought of the idea when he was a fi’eshman and consulted his coach, Herm Phillips about it. “Phil” went to the late Noble Kizer, Purdue’s greatly loved athletic director. Nobe went to President Elliott and Prexy put the official 6.-k. on the plan. Fred is a junioi’ in the School of Physical Education and hopes to go into administrative work—something like the woi’k that Dr. Eastwood does—“unless Uncle Sam has different ideas,” as Fi-ed says. He calls Indianapolis his home town.
We Hate To Mention This, But...
Now,"Fred may never burn down any houses as a i-unner. On the other hand, he may. He is a good runer, but not a Glen Cunningham. He’s just an easy going, smiling fellow who always has a joke to tell you. BUT he is not getting a fair deal from a few people about the University on his apple and candy concession. Why? Well, it seems that some few persons neglect to drop a nickel in the little box when they want an apple or a candy bar. That is a pretty hard thing for this interested bystander to have to write, for ills, indeed, difficult to imagine anyone being guilty of such a thing. In the first place it simply isn’t worth it to be dishonest for a nickel; in the second place those big juicy apples and tasty candy bars go mighty well after a workout or a shower or when those between meal hunger pangs begin to get us; in the third place, the University is not running the concession— Fred Kinder is running it and all the monqy'passes through his hands; in the fourth place, he depends upon the funds he gleans'fi’om the little
xu j- • 7. 7 •xt. 7 • 1- 7 u-7 was even more remarkable since the'.djving board with his head while , xi. x' x i • XU ’ X \c X- 1 • j- Kratzer and Krueck, the outstaitG-
in the act of executing his dive. . , , ■ ’ , '
iir.;'!' Kii;-, iveci. r ing stars, did not compete. -j HCTr Sets Record Following the Stated Meet, -^- , .Ip the LPP - yard freestyle event eral extra events were mm off,"^th pyhich,. followed, Herr of the Boiler- freshmen being eligible to conipet® .ipaJcers , swam, the distance in the under A. A. U. rules. 'Vfogelof Indi,very fast time, of 56.3 seconds, which ana -won the 100 yard free st^; ■,\yas ,9. of a. second less than the old Heidke of the Riveters won. the 1()0 Indiana state record. Andefson and yard backstroke; La Berteaux of Ancker continued to speed the Riv- the Hoosiers led the field in the;22p eter victory express on its way yard free style; and HolderniiaB,.the when they finished one-two in the very stylish Riveter freshman, diver 150 yard backstroke event. The grabbed top honors in the spring-
next feature on the program was board competition, the 200 yard breast stroke race and Patty On Program
once again the spectators were The afternoon’s activities were treated to another state record- highlighted by the exhibition^^yeh shattering performance. This race by Patty Aspinall, who is -t^ 21jip was unique in that both M'illiam- yard National Women’s Chainpion
son of the Riveters and Franklin of in the breastsroke division.
the Hoosiers finished in a dead was quite disgusted with her time heat, each man swimming the dis- yesterday, but this was undpabtofly
stand to pay for his books and tui
tion; in the fifth place, Fred is just recently,
another soul who trusts everyone— he uses the honor system—‘but when
due to the fact that thfS^ ebpnky little blonde beauty has been. ;utoable to engage in very much ptac-
Summaries:
300 Y.A.RD MEDLEY RELAY—Woa ,by Anderson, Williamson, Herr Ci?)* SaEKiwe,
he starts to add up what he has Fra77klin, Stadler (lU). second; WJIctoM,
Burrows. Walker (DePauw), third, 'rime.
taken in and what he has spent in purchases there is a deficit; and in the sixth, final and most obvious place, it is a dirty trick—in what-
ever light you consider it.
lor
Dancitt^
Bowling
Lounging Browsing
Puttering
IhsL
Tthiiwdcd. Mnidn.
The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
a neiv touch has been added to the ...
Glamour Girl
Brown, Copen and Red
$J.69
Sizes 14 lo 42
Mail ami Phone Orders Promptly Filled
Beautiful New
HANDBAGS
to put '"^Life'” in spring costumes
$1.00 to $5.00
Top liamllcs, inside zippers, envelopes arid pouelies in every popular spring shade of red, turf Ian, kelly green, beige, navy, black and Jirown. Materials indlinle patents, Sac-de-Cord, failes, gabardines and calfskins.
& Wange riti
a:ia.o.
200 YARD PEEEStTLE—Won By .ErickKcn (P) : Hansel. (F):-second; Van Bttten' (lUI. third. TiTne 2:23.6.. . ; .->0 YARD FREESTYLE—Won by- .f’a, pueko (lU) ; Brannei: (P), second.; Faxton. (DePauw). third. TiTne, 0:25.2. ' ; DI VING—Won by Jnensst (F) ;.= Baoer
Some of you know Fred. He is an tRsecond : Shaw (DePaaw).. third. Points
ibo YARD FREESTYLE—WOB. by Hert; (P) ; Papucko (lU), second; Branner (P); third. Time, 0:55.3. -y .* 150 YARD BACKSTROKE—Won bar Anfierson (Pt ; Ancker (P), second;. Savage
applies only to a very few, but let s i.iU), third. Time,' i :48.
amiable Hoosier from Indianapolis and he isn’t asking much of any of US; Most of what is written above
play square with Fred Kinder he’ll do the same for you.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT
ADVERTISERS!
220 YARD BREAST STRO-KE^TSe'; for fTrst by WilliaTiTBon (F) and F7»nkliir. tlri) ; Davis (Indiana State), third. Time; ?1S6;4. 440 YARD FREE STYLE—Won .by Hansel (P) ; Ericksen (P>, second; Van Dtxren (lUi, third. Time, 5:21.6. .T’ . ,140 YARD RELAY—Won by Herr. Bran* nor. Lake, Williamson (P);:Sta^erj Sav* atro, Pakucko. Klimley (lU), second; Pax* ton. Cook. Ross, Walker (DePauw), third. Time, 3 :56.7. - ■
622-624 MAIN STREET
MOCCASIN ^mordetni-^edj
Add tp the old moccasin design, Freemanstyling, modern shoemaking, precision fit and advanced comfort principles m « « and you’ve got a Real Moccasin, t 4 4 •
J
X-RAY FITTINGS
A. B. C.
•/
406 Main St.
i'l-r^ Vi rMWf- 1 ^ ^ ^ i i ^ -H^ ^ij ^ ^ f ^ ‘ ^ i ^ *V ^ Tj I ^ ' V ^ " §
Purdue Exponent
Sunday9 March 22, 1942
V
Baseball Team Awaits Sti Joseph Invasion On Monday, March 30
Feature Attraction Now Playing At Mars
One Mcok'ffom Monday, Coiich Pclmng \m11 trot his l‘)42 edition of the Boikimakci baseball squad out on the local diamond to oppose hn aggiegition fioin St Joseph's College This game ^^lll take place on the afternoon of Maich 30 and all stiidtnts will be admitted flee so (hc\ can gi\c then suppoit to th( Gold and Black diamondimn
iVo Southern Trip C oach Fchiing has bcni taking his nun thiough the puts foi se\ oral weeks now in picpantion foi tins initial tilt In p.ist >tais the baseball squads haie tiken i southern tiainmg tiel duiiiig Spting vacation but due to the wai the vacation and tup iit e incellcd To leplacL this tup Coach rthim^ has scheduled stvei.il waimup tilts St Tot is the fust and Wa bash will he the sett nd obicet ol the Boikiniakti . ttack A+hittgimt sciies will b( plavetl witli St Jos cpli, w-liik Wabash is on deck foi a two-game seiits Prospects foi tilt success ot this season ait faiih eneoiii uiiia t\tii at this eaih elite Somewhat ot i weakness was cieitul when last VCai s stai moimdsni iii Don B1 ml eij, lost his eligibilitv b\ paiticqiit Ilia in piofessional basketb ill t\alt Le iflicit lunioi liuilei is cast m the lole of mimstav smee he is the onlj vetcian on this season s mound staff altei Cook and Ton\ Beito art scheduled to stiengthen the pitching staff and sophomoies Phil Petiich Bob Bakei Irving Clase man Chaiks Sciipps and Edwaid Misselhoin will shaie in this task Coach reining has a wealth ot mateiial foi the position behind the plate Ernie 1 oung is the veteian of the eatehmg ckpaitment whith also consists of \\ oodv Walton Joe Iiinian and 'VI alt Smith
Gerard To Address AWS Marital Group
Zaring, Booster To Speak Over WBAA Tomorrow
P 1 A Dance ClnSB Mpetini? in the day Mnrcli 24 nt 4 00 In the RCfldinilt Roont Women b Gym Monday March 23 at 1 40 of the EE Bnildintr p m —SOUIHMAYD -AUGSBUUGLU
Di Ralph Gciaitl, of the physiology depaitment of the Univeisity of Chicago Medical School, will piesent the last addicss in tht senes oJ foul maiital Icetuies Tuesday night, Maieh 24, at 7 30 p ni in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union The leetuies aie foi lunioi and senioi vvomcii and aie sponsoied by AWS Di Geiaid’s subiect will be “Maiiiage fiom a Man’s Point ot View ” Pievious leettues have been giv en b\ Di Mane Wessels, Chicago physician Di Fiancis Ilannett, of the Univeisity of Chicago, and Di Lueieri Towei Jane MeCoueh is in ehaige of the leetuies
Blance Zaiing, home economies extension specialist, and Call Boesler, dnectoi of leseaich, will discuss the topic, “Piepaimg the House foi Spnng” on the Bettei Homes Bioadcast oyei WBAA at 1 JO p 111 tonionow
Hallct PrnctEjee The following plcnsc rc port to the KytP Monduy March at 4 P m S Popr nRUth B Hurnicon M Ros cncrans M Pi icc J Stamm M I kagcr M Click W J I’aJmtr A Wntcihiirv, J Brown I Hetuliicks M S Jbhnson H CnyUr A Cox M Graves - BLMIS
Student Scnnic Important mcctuifi; lues day March 2t at 7 20 p m In Iht Student S( untc olliLL All mtmhciH arc expitltd to attend —D1I30S
Bowliiifr Alley and Game Kooin Commit" tee: Mretiiir Monday Mouh 21 at 4 15 in the t/nion Offut J ollowiiiK’ plcas< attend Martha Vcina Mac PhilUys Billie NuholHon (/inny Armstrom^ Al Srhoothtc Io( Kolniaki Mikt lltynhldH Baiiv Ken dall l/inorv Midrijui lim (rai »• Giiinv Icc Maclkinald Chuln llavdin WlBl R and I I WIS
Classified Ads
Wanted I ull Hm« Mi«noitrAph^r and ffonersl office assistant Purdnti ba|!k" ground preferred Apply by letter. Bl:poiient Box No 1
Student Scnnic All numWis of llu Sm lor Boar I will mu t in Ihc Sctult olTica at 1 p m liusda> Murdi 21 DIBQS
Scyivcucrs Meclin^r Suinlav Maich 22 nt ” 30 p m in Uuuin 202 of llu Unljii Brinp: Manusuipts lULGI I
lypeirflter«->^A<icJimf Mdrhjnpk nil sold rented n paired atuli pufehiBed ifrraph Work done ( T Lbershoff 505 Maln^ I nfnyctti Phom 2i70
All Lmrinccrina: Bangiict (oinmitlcc Mutiiif, J ucsdnv Maiili 21 at 8 pm in Union NOlUMANN
Lta Kappa Nu PIcd/rcs Meeting: Iuch
Mimeoirraphinff and lypinff—buHetlnlpfira, letters etc Stairs Mercatitil Service 123 North 4th St
Ilvinfffluh ( Ull) UiNs liavt aiiivid Anv oiH wibIihh tluns now may i horn mr nt Kjr3 iiAim in
Notices
Dolphin (Inh inn ifiul iiKctink I lu day Miith 2) al 1 1) in rum 101 nC tli T ieIdhoiis< Iveivotic pUa''< nllend lo <h'4 f IKS baiuinrt anil clullon of olTiccjj and Uam ciptnn IlLRU
Radio ( liib Ml t luisdav Maiih 24 al / p m in H m < f llu I L Buildnu'- D)on mil lu lukid a( I MU L S
Purdue Club Uirie will be a hike S 111 lav Mnihwt. al | in at llie Arnii rv ( It ( nl lUnnIu at 2 tO <i lim (iv it at 81-1 fi 1 r Mi\ ill n til NNIS
Sinioi (add OTUerH Si n up iniinrdi t ly I I I ( d ii I ill tin I raid f r ij uinlmLi Is I) ) i j let M Ink n JOJINbON
S( A 1 II w M j si dt 1 t r j ( rt to the b( A M mi <r 111 Um » Ml Mfiav Mai )i 3 at t ) m Kith ( u t I I iwrui Bo^x i Dumiuu Mna Mill i npkit I » nji\ Pn mint n Tin r 1 on 1 ml Rela loin B eki 11 I ) \ 111 I (in ill Anna Shivi Ij lira Uibi kIi I !w id Huniphi v and I i}h Mir IV n inUAX
AIplu /da Pledges And Aclivis Banipiit 11( 1 w I I I hur (lav Mai i h 21 in Horn it 1 of Unijn bii iiist il lali conflict on U 1 1 ilv C lUndni 1 1 dk i tests and initnli I mil I W In In Mirih 1 I 1^ s nl let iJic slin ft i n itii nal in 1 I c d (on liliitu ns SWAIM
S( A Board March 21 it of th( Urn n
1 r I
m dinu i n lu si| n ni in th S( A r >i MOGAVIHO
( onililion I xnmiinlions 1 \ ini in AM 1 ai d \M will I k,iv n n r n 110 II avii i Hill i bilurdav M: t li -K frjm 1 1< i I limits miv h( htaiiud !u tiu mam iflct vf lIi vil n UiM IUOPMAN
Tnlon Club H ti I n will 1 lull in flu ^ 1 r Hu W m ns ( ml i i im lie il IV Mirili 21 nt H ] m Aitiv immlirs will lie i\ thill imlkms AtUniliiuc tom D il (!v PIcil„is pt a I rmi 2iio KUALPLLI IN
A Wurlurs ( h cl « M n 1 I V 111 I I al 1 xicuin Hi 1
I ) n I (I di I hi i s tru HOI 1 I NSHl
Stiidi’nt Union Workers M linr if Ih I utt nil,-, Sh ] C m nitt t in Ki m 0 i th Union Mondav March 23 at 4 15 Ih I Ilownn, 1 I 1 sc !) picscnt 1 cMa t< r Hr i s K II 11 n C i iv i s Mt Kin/i Tv 1 i I i li Pinj rv bnv ) i Si illinj^s Nilsii W(i 1 IV KLEVLS
LLSCIOUS V 1 ROMl \ LAKE cxeitii g hoiuv blonde who scored sen sationallv as the siien of I Wanted Mings ietui ns to the screen as a comedienne in liei lust stalling lole opposite Joel 'Mefiea, in I’leston Sturges new Paiamount laugh hit Sullivans liavels
Skulmr Partv Fh lilhiru St UntAs suii^tioi I Amin i will lull i si atiiu, I itv at M i] !i 1 OH t Ml ml iv lurht March ( ai will 11 V the cist dooi of th Union it 1) AH diivcrs will bi ^nin i fi c ticket 1 vctvoiK welcome lilnc voiii li lend ^ AN I At
WAA lumblmr i if dues will bi hell niv i\ Ihirsiliv Mit h 2( Ivnvine must I pU'-tnt fui wolk on the Pmnv Cariiiv} 1 BAUCIIMAN
Grid Tearn Nurses... Phi Gamma Delta
bkull and Crescent All pltdk,cs md ai hvt m I It th U s All Stuii im W 1 ncsilu Mniih 2 it 8 pm Pli(it,ts brinj, p uidk 11 ishli^ht notebook ind pencil MI NKI
(Continued fiom pa^e ,)
Season s Pre' lew The vvaim up slug lest with St Joe shouk' lielp uiieovei the stais in this veal’s numeious possibilities for the infield of the 1942 nine So phomoies fiom last season s tough Rhinie souad and veteians fiom list yeai s vaisitj aie among the con tcndeis foi staiting positions thi'' yeai The Buikhaidt biotheis Chuck Rawlcb Gtoige Emei'-on Rudv Liwson Jack Swant/ Chuck Wi ight flashv thud sackei Bob Rilej Ed Cook and Paul riiend lie some of the available infield mateiial * Coiitendeis foi outfield aie Cuil\ Gantz Bill Caison, Jim Rush Call Hipp, top sluggei on the Rhinie ••quad and last season Bob Kei sev Tom Buigci and Jim Shoemakei
team has not vet become cceustom ed to the amount ol ball handling th<it IS lequiied bv the stvle ot of fense used ’ Bill Buffington and Hal Sehu mackei o pan of lullhacl ^ that did not plav ki'-tveai have demoistiat ed that thev have iioc io gotten how to pi IV the game llicv liivi ixhib ited a lot ol diive on the ollcnsc, and ha\( done veiy well in baekiii, up the lint Last falls licshmin squid his sent up some pioiiiisiii-, e uidid lies Dick B u w in i bi- i iu-,c d ii d has stood ou in the schimnuues o fell In the backfield thcie m Aiidv Btiklev ind Ilemv Stiam at tlic hilfba'k posts ind quuttilMtls Bob Col cll and Ilcmv Close
social fi itcinitv announces the eketion of the foliowin-, of fieei s Jim Stivei piesident lohn Millie tieasuiei Steve Minton iKoidiii-, sccietuv, Ken Gossett coi I c spondiiu seeieluv uid Cicuc Wikv hisloiiin
Uc'imcr Club Vtiv r^cit mil impo Uni clj r H i om 301 f till Union Fu i iv in cll I it 1) p m Please noti chantr* ml il/iv Mso plia < b< present «nil Tl le,<s show up al " 30 this tim
KU?I NLK
in ttm 1 r mil
Iv
Dine Tonight NU CHINA GRILL CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY 409 Columbia Sf i
( trts I’lcil(.c liillitii IIS m
W iHi IS fur Ccic ssibU WLAilll KS
Siibseiibe* lo Youi Campus Dailj
( I *,1 Makeup I \ in ii li i 1 un ( M i I M I S 1 I C I 1 f tl MS) will 1 J. J < in i om JOl uf th Liv il Buililinp 1 n n 1 1 I n Satin(Itv Much llii ci n ccinccl contict me il once bONLbON
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
lliiivorsity Book Store
Kc 1 ‘’'aiuniuDB 2)
Dir I I pin 40
Keep That FASfllOI LOOK
Look as if you’d stepped right out of a fashion hook into the spring parade. Have your clothes dyr cleaned and keep them looking sniart. They’ll last longer loo and it’s patriotic to be eeoiioiiiieak
INoillivtcsIei u ill V'liic
riiuiie 4081
MY MOMMY
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
c — DR PAUL A
RISK
DR LUTHER A
RISK
DR HAROLD |
RISK
— DENTISTS
—
'lOO 404 Schulti
Bldg
4th and Main St
L ifayetio
V
DONE TOL' ME
LOOK TO
for more style at less cost
1 1
UL
, J
SpriiMj FOliM^LS
THAT WHENEVER I LOSE SOMETHING ( THAT I NEED GREATLY, JUST GALL 4005 AND ORDER A
’'m
ADVERTISING PAYS
Set lo Music fo) rev/n/iue Rovunite
4.
‘15'
CLASSIFIED AD
J
' J (
A pKUiie of loveliiiesv be li Ion icinembcr ifu i tile struns of the music Il i\c ^o le with the iiiglit ( hilfon I Kt Muslin de ‘'oir Net 1 lilLti Jtisev ind (.oiiihin itions in ex cjuisite 1 istcls
IN
J V eiiiiig Aitessoi les Bigs fjlov cs — Jewtlrv llosai\ Shoes ei< to mix oi iiuteh
ccfumeddt
STOKl HOURS—Weeks Dos P (Hi to “i fil — Situulivs V 0(l to ( (Id