III
iiBliiiiiiiili
1-^ j S
■ '^h\
'
'*15
„ I 1 ij * '”1,
N'y.
1/,?' 'i'V; ' ‘ '■
IlililSiii
J
l.
Mvwii
OisciMses ^oolbali
i ^ l^ulles lor Ne)(t Fall -~-
■'..'fyi'ii,' ,Page,'3::
- Vnhfetiitf' Appe^f ' Suiiilayc Fcaflir#’ '-:- ■ ".v
Voifiine 53, No. 95
West Lefeyette/ Indiana
ijipf'**'
Sunday, janifar
onenf '^tFor^ni^r^y four of today's Exponent Appears the University
l^SfyhmttleOred to ptint each $undai^ the Calendar for the foll0wihg;we,el^ so that the University will be relieved of the t|itnejaiid expense involved in its preparation and .mailing. In futhte the Uhiyersity Calendar will appear only in the Exponent ; we suggest those organisations wishing to post the Calendar on bulletin boards clip it from the Sunday ^aioer. Also, a^^s^^^ of events for the day will appear in i A]So; appearing in today’s paper are excerpts of the minutes of ^tW first two ineetihgs of the Student War Council., yv& beheVe iitll^ these minutes should prove interesting to the studeht body> since the War Council was appointed as an agency'through which the students of the Uni versity would be ehablod to participate in the University’s effort to contribute to the Ilational war Program. The printing of the University Calendar and the War Council riiinutes is a part of the Exponent's policy to keep the student body informed of the University’s war-time program. Today there are many rumors floating about the campus, but every student can be sure that as soon as any action is taken by the University administration, the Exponent will print the ihformatiou ih its columns. Because we believe that this paper is the best means of exprossirig student opinion and bringing news to the studept body, We urge every student to read his campus daily, Camp^^Co/Zecfs9,000Books Mqr Aritty, Navy Traiaing Camps .Close to 9;OPO books were turned in yesterday in the Tippec|riQe County drive to collect reading material which will be IMacOdlh Aim'y trai^^ Camps, smaller military units. Naval Sjta’tions,' oh boats of the 'Navy and the American Merchant Mbbine and in the.’ industrial munitions communities which have rip library service. Collections were mode by Boy Scouts Girl Snouts. . , ii and llbrarV offieiala exp^t . this .nuhibei’ to be pai5.sed
national drive,
v|hi^h is COnclUcted by the Americanlilbracy Association at the request of the War and Navy departments,, has tor its aim ten
million books,
pWthei* Cbniribufions Needed
’'Those who wish to contribute Starting tomori’ow a canbooks but did not have them ready vass .of all freshmen, sophojrbst^rday may bring them to the mores and juniors will be made Wells Memorial iuibrairy at Seventh to determine how many stuahd Ncirth,. streets in Lafayette any dents will be enrolled jn the tihid this^^ waek, The books will be summer term. This poll will be storeti 'iin the basement of the li- conducted ill physical educabrary btttil orders come from New tion or Military classes for York teiliag where they arc to be freshmen. F^or sophomores s^nt.’}'.I ■ , and juniors it will be made by ' ThigvbookW so far l-eceived include the dpalis of the schools,
all fbe types requested; volumes of 3 Questions
fictl'bh,' iecbnipal and scientific Onthecardswhich.willbehandbooks, tdxts in law and medicine, ed out, are the three following
history, biography, travel, music, questions:
photography and economics. In the 1. Will you return to the Unilast: war vpdotfy was one of the versity for the summer term begin-
Short Course Prof. BfnH. Petty MeviiRed Cross In Agriouliure^ Campus Work Unit
Vpliinteefs May Enlisf Af Stiideint Unioh Office At the close of the official registration period yesterday afternoon dyer 200 co-eds had filled in their enlistment cards for work in the Red Cross dugout in the sub-base-ment of the Union. Coeds who did not get to the table in fi’ont of the Sweet Shop in time to enlist can still sign ufi in the Student Union office. Dottie Weber and Jeannette Haynes are in charge of the newly formed unit. Abilities Noted Numbers have been assigned to the Volunteer workers, and necessary data on the abilities, preferences, and experience of each coed are filed in the Union office. Work of three types is offered: knitting, sewing for clothing for nine months to two year old children, and making surgical dressihg-s. National Red' Cross in .Washington has sent orders ftfr .180,000 knitted helmets on which ^york will begin as soon as the yarn arrives. A mass meeting will probably be held some time this week to organise the group and complete plans for work hours. At present the dugout is open Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday from 9 a. m. to 4:30 p. m. At the organization meeting the possibility of keeping the dug-^ out open every day will be considered. Plans for dividing the coeds irifb sriialler gl'diips which will riieet (Continued on page 4)
Registration for the annual eight weeks’ winter short courses in Agriculture will begin .tomorrow morning at m, in room 207 of Agricultural ■ HAlfc Ga'U'rses in general, agricuiturb, anim:??! husbandry, .dairy pradufition and dairy manufacturing will - bft offered, to the studients, but? each course is complete within itself and the student is not permitted to select subjects from more than one course. Eight week courses Wre designed for industrious aiid Capable young men who are unable to take a fouryear course, but who still desire special agricultural training of a practical nature during the winter when they are not es]recially busy. Last year’s winter course attracted an attendance of 175 Indiana farm boys. As yet the enrollment for this year ,is incomplete; but a slight decrease is expected. Copies Of Elliott’s Address Available President Elliott’s address entitled, “The Day and Our Duties” which was given at a special convocation and broadcast oyer WBAA on December 15, has been published in the form of a booklet, because many requests have been received for copies of the address. These booklets may be obtained at either President Elliott’s office or Professor Babcock’s office in the Service and Stores building.
Articles Of Clothing Collected For Relief ■ Coats, stockings and other articles of warm clothing collected by the Relief Fund Coordinatin.g Committee in a drive which closed January 7 will be donated to the British War Relief Board, the China Relief Committee and the Red Cross. Anyone who would like to contribute clothing should notify Dean Mary L. Matthews of the School of Home Economics or Professor F. C. Hockema, assistant to the President, and the articles will be collected. s.r.b.
For Entrance In 9
Registraiion In Special Classes Open All Week
At Summer Session
Cokes Feel Pinch Of National Defense
one
miost. popular classes. Children’s bobks 'a're Wanted for the families of vvprkers in the munitions factor-
ies, s.i’.b..
ning May 4, 1942 ? 2. If the answer is No, please
state why .
3. Do you plan to attend the University continuously and graduate as soon as possible?
Vacation In August
Dean Knapp stated in yesterday’s Engineering lecture that the University must know how many wish to attend the summer term in orUniversity College of der to adequately plan a program Elpgiri'fi.ering, announces a number and to retain the correct number of of'available fellowships and schoL instructors for the summer term. arghipS, inclucjing the John McMul- He also stated that under the new iMT'^fClvaduate , j'Scholarships, the plan the time required to graduate Tiiitipn Scholarships, the McGraw will be cut down to two years and
By Art Hunter Contrary to all popular beliefs and opinions we gleaned an item of interest from our first day of the current semester as we attended our first Chem Engineering 34 lecture over in the Chem and Met building. Dr. Lovell, who conducts the aforen(entioned lecture, stated during the course of the hour that the Coca Cola company in this community had begun rationing their delivei’ies of cokes and would continue to do so fbr an indefinite period. Coke Catastrophe His discovery of this fact was brought about by the presentation of a bill which listed, instead of the usual four only two cases of cokes for the machine in the basement of the Chem and Met building. Upon further inquiries he uncovered the rationing plan now being carried into effect. Dr. Lovell then went on to tell us of the rumor concerning the government’s reouest that all the big
national distilleries concentrate, on the production of alcohol for medical uses in the interests of national defense. It as reported that this request was made on the basis that the distilleries now have in stock' enough liquors to last for a fiveyear period. These coihpanies then would be faced with the series pi’oblem of either completely depleting their resei'ves of whiskeys, wines and various sundry other liquoi’S, or curtailing sales of same. The industries are operated on the long-time basis owing to the aging processes required . for high quality liquors,'and if their present five-year supply were consumed with no replenishment during that time, no liquors would be forthcomin.g for at least another five years. The distilleries natui’ally would not allow such a state of affairs to come about but, instead, would go on a voluntary rationing system, also.
Short Beers Get Shorter A program of these proportions would indeed put a serious crimp in the affairs of many in this nation and upon this campus, and would undoubtedly create widespread and I’ebellious reverberations throughput the country. To many it \vill be a sad day, indeed, when a check for a short beer will be worth more than just a cheek for a short heCr; when alcoholic administrations can be obtained only in hospitals or similar institutions; and when Lamb’s Tea Room will be just Lamb’s Tea Room. Our President assured us that the road to victory would be a rough and rocky, but he left out all mention of such conditions as these. After all, there is such a thing as civilian morale; we can’t have the populace going around singing “Blues in the Night.” Oh, they took away our whiskey and they took away our gin. ...
two -semesters, if the student attends three semesters a year. This year there will be a vacation from Aug. 22 to Aug. 31 and one around.
Christma.s. f.j.v,
FellovVehii) in Civil Engineering, a Gi:a<luate gchhlarship in Civil Engipeerini!;, ihe' Elori Huntington Hpokei' Fellowship in Hydraulics, the Fellowship in Mechanical Enk;ineering, the Edgar J. Mey-
et. Mernorial Fellowship in Meehan- L* A ical fengineerifig, and the Charles MCnOQrBplIIC vOUTSC Ball iEarle Meimorial Fellowship in 3 r
Electrical Engineering.
.A limited number of pre-sei vice
I'ejlowships in public administration , Women’s placement service is for tiae iqcademie year 1942-1943 at still taking applications for nonthp University: of Minnesota are credit courses in typing and shoi'talso ppen; Persons interested in any hand to be given for a fee of five
^f, .these offers, may. secure more detailed information at the Per-„
sohnel ofi'iqe. s.r.b.
G.LUngo
y v'. director of the Public Safety Institute, has been granted a temporary Ifjave of absence While he Will be eafijiloyeij by the FBI. He
dollars each during this semester. Each course will have a minimum of 60 hours, or about 4 hours a week for 15 weeks. The hours at which they will be given are still indefinite and depend upon the preferences of those who enroll. Women may take typing or shorthand or both. Those who want to eni’oll should call the Women’s placement service.
wiikcpntluct a nation-wide training 2955, immediately with informacourse ijn piyUian defense and traf- tion regarding the. schedules of the tie police work. Lt. H. W. Hoyt applicanJ|!i), when they could take will tako‘charge as director of the the courses, and oyhich subject they safefy institqfe In Lingo’s absence, would want to take. e.h.
By Bob Krieger Chicago may be the wartime site of more than one national sports event, that up to now has been periled by temporary blackout as a result of the war. The Chicago Association of Conimerce announced I’ecently that a comprehensivo survey is being made by Av|ry Brundage, vice president in charge of special events for the association, to determine what major events the city will be best able to stage. Recommendations By Brundage After careful study, those sporting aftVactions which Brundage recoraihhfidfi will be invited to use the Windy City facilities by the association. Speaking of recommendations by Brundage, recalls to us his action in the summer of 1936, which resulted in the dismissal of Eleanor Holm from the United States :01ympic swimming , team. Although we admit that Eleanor was lid tea-totaler, the .shapely Brooklyn-born lass could beat anyone who' dared challenge her backstroke supremacy; In addition to being responsible
for the disgrace which Eleanor suffered in the eyes of the public, brother Avery’s action also deprived the nation’s sports pages of their greatest source of feminine pulchritude, since Eleanor never needed to concede anything to Ann Sheridan in the matter of oomph. Selection Of Orphans Getting back to the original theme of this article, namely, the shifting of orphaned sporting attractions to Chicago, tho.se events in all fields of sports—both indoor and outdoor are being considered from the s,tanclpoint of whether they would be sucee.ssful if they wore staged in the Windy City. Action of the Chicago Association is in line with the recent invitation, issued by the Tam O’Shanter Counhy Club to the USGA to stage the national amateur golf championships over its course next summei'; The national amateur figure skating championships recently were transferred from California to the Chicago-Arena, where the event will be run ,.off iii February.
Army—Navy Shift In the event that there should bo any serious threat of an aerial attack by Axis bombers along the Eastern seaboard, there is a strong po.ssibility that the Army-Navy .grid elas.sic would he played on the turf of Soldier’s Field. Then too, the All-Star pro football game which was switched from Lo.s Angeles the Polo Ground.s in Now York,might be forced to retreat inland to the Windy City. One thing is certain, however, and that is that the Brooklyn Dodgers positively will continue to play their ba.sehall at Ehbets Field. Even Hitler knows better than to try to make trouble for the current National League champs. After all, it was Dodger prexy Larry McPhail who led the expedition which nearly kidnapped the Kaiser during the last big fight across the pond. And so, all wo can do is offer our deepest sympathy to those long-suffering Chicago Cub fans. Some day the woi'in will turn—unless he gets stuck on some of P .K. Wrigley’s
chewing gum.
Petty Wil
Opening Meeting State, county and city hightvay men and‘officials front all sections of the state will be on the campus this week attending the twenty-eighth annual Road. School, which opens tomorrow and runs until Thursday. According to Ben Petty, professor of highway engineering at the University, this year’s Road School is more important . than ever before, because world de-
velopments of the last three years have demonstrated the vital importance of ah adequate highway system in facilitating the movement of men and material for the perfection of military defensive and of offensive operations. The increasing demands on our highways, brought about by the terrific expansicA :ih defense production, is placing heavy responsibilities on the shoulders of state and local road offlc-
,* . ? ials. Many highway men are. exAppheafons for any of the mn^e advantage of the defense courses offered to seniors Road School as an opportunity to taking ertg\ineering or underclass- learn how their highway duties inay men expecting to drop out of school be more efficiently and economfey following this semester, will be re- “by discharged. ^ ceived during' all next week in the betty To Welcome Delegates r, , c, u -11- Prof. Ben Petty will present the Service and Stores building. ,, ^
” address oi welcome tomorrow af-
The specialized training which is ternoon at 1:30 at the openittglsesgiven in the short intensive courses gjon jj, 201 of the Civtl-Eh^ may betaken in addition to the reg- building, and Walteiular curriculum of eligible students, O’Neil, Crawford^lle, secretary but will not count as college credit qJ Indiana Material and BqAlp'^ toward graduation, said Prof. C. W. ment Association, will resporid fer
Becse, director of the University de- roadmen.
fense training prop'am. However, Subjects slated for discussiWJ qii those people finishing the courses tomorrow afternoon’s prograift-ihi will be able to enter more advanced elude: “Life Characteristics^^ ; industrial- work than would other- Highway ^urfaee^ TypesM>'^^: wise be possible. cussed by R. Winfrey, lov^tt;'Sfkfe, Engineering Offered College; Ames, Iowa; “Thd Defense classes now being offer- of Priorities on Highway ed are fundamentals of engineering ment,” discussed ,by C. Mf.ltkfha* drawing, meeting in room 201 of way, Illinois State 'Highyvay;,!^ Michael Golden Shops,.under the di- pai'tment, Springfield; and George rection of Prof. S. B. Elrod; pro- W. Koronski, of the Grb^ebic Gd^duction supervision, room 304, ty Highway Department, Bessemet,■ Chemical Engineering Building, Michigan, will speak . on with instructors R. C. Fuller and Thoughts- on Coim.ty Rb'adj’W(^, R; G. Wood; production engineer- County. Parks and the Value Tof. ing, rooin 307, Chemical Engineer- Wide Right .hf Ways.” ing Building, A. M. Bramblett, Dean. A. A, Potter, of the engmteacher; • production metallurgy, eering schools, will preside at At® : room 110, Chemical Engineering, smoker to be held tomorrow nig^,: E. C. Miller; physical metallurgy, ih the west faculty lotin^e of tieroom 111, Chemical Engineering, T. Union. Prof. G. E. Davis, of the F. McCormick; and industrial safe- education department, will present ty, room 101, Michael Golden shops, bis interpretation of several of Prof. R. W. Lindley. All of the Riley’^ poems andP moving pictures above classes meet on Monday and will be shown. . Wednesday nights. Traffic Session Scheduled A class in direct current electric- New feature of this year’s pr# al engineering meets in room 216, ^ session scheduled Electrical Engineering building, Tuesday morning for traffic,
county, and city engineers. Th<| topic of discussion wil^ be the problem of handling the many city fic and parking difficulties incurred by the increase of defense traffic
during recent months.
Other subjects listed on the week's program include: “What Maneuvers are Teaching us About Military Highways,” “Progress on the Inter-American Highway,” “What it takes to Perfect a- State Highway System,” “Planning* for tfie Post War Period,” “Controlling Subdivision Developments Through County Planning Boards” and ihapy Other subjects of -^ital interest t& highway men durfiig these critical
days.
Engineers Required To Attend All city engineers are required by law to attend the school vvith expenses paid by their respective cit(Continued on page 3)
under J. R. Clark; and a course in alternating electrical engineering, in rooni 115 under Prof. L, E. Beck. Both meet on Tuesday and Thurs-
day nights, c.l.f. ,
Exponent Juniors Meeting Monday, January 19, at 1:15 p. |n. in the Union office.
—TRAUGOTT.
Wes/ey Foundation To Hear Dr. Palmer At Meeting Tonight Dr. Albert W. Palmer, president of the Chicago Theological Seminary, will speak at the Methodist Church this evening at 6:30. All students are invited to attend a recreational program at 5:30 preeoeding the lecture, according to Wesley
Foundation officers.
Purdue Christian Foundation will change their schedule so that they may attend the meeting. Members will meet at the Foundation house, 131 South Grant St., at 5 p. m. for supper and proceed to the Metho-
dist Church at 5:4Q.
Dr. Palmer received his B. L. degree from the University of Chicago, his B. D. from Yale, and has degrees from Olivet Coll®.”'*?- Boston University, and Pacific School of Religion. Since 1930 he has been president of the Chicago Theological Seminary. Dr. Palmer has writ- ■ ten a nunaber of books; and has traveled in Europe, Palestine, and
the Orient, p.a.h.
Physically Unfit?
The Personnel Servii’b jgsfc received a request for who are disqualiCed feoiw tary service on accbiint of ability to pass the physical, «xuminations of the armed In order for the Personnel: ice to be of service to Si.ach sons, it is requested tjiit il^y report immediately to Blf; MUlCi;. in the Health Service for examination. This oppqrtuidt,^ is lingent upon the npipliir A |^- ple available. The locations in or uea^ lUOff waukee and Minp^apop. Dire«A»cPurdue Exponent
Sunday, Januafy(TSi^T942
ipBurlng 1,hie past semester the Exponent i^triedaev^rai editorials condemnihg fraternit3^lldI^ror.ity hell weeks, midnight sessions, add road trips. We pointed out that such methedS ’*^ Ireshman hazing do no good at ail,; that.they are poor substitutes for pi'oper mdtliiitfo of pledge training, and that they are actions unworthy of intelligent fraternity raembers. We still believe that these questional^la pnethods of “pledge training” should be a^lished—not next year or the year after, but^J^W.'. . ■ The University has adopted an intensive educational program because of the denaand for trained college graduates. Every student is going to find it necessary to devote his en- ' tire attention to getting the most out of Purdue’s educational facilities. There will be some time for recreation for all. Thinking of ways for making pledges look foolish may be a'form of recreation, but it’s a poor one. Because of the intensive schedule students - on this campus now have no time for hell
weeks, midnight sessions, and road trips. The last two ;ofi these .activities are very;,firing, and freshmen aren’t at their best for several days af'terward. Hell weeks leave both actives and pledges exhausted, and it is .insppssiblp for any pledge to put in sufficient time on his class preparations when a hunch .of yelling upperclassmen are hounding him every minute for two, three, or four days. No one can now afford to get that far behind in his studies. ' A few of the campus fraternities recently abolished these activities; they feel that their pledges should not in any way be hindered in thejr effoif to get the most out of, .school. However,, most of the Greek letter organizations have done nothing. We urge that the presidents of the various campus fraternities at the next meeting of the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council adopt a resolution abolishing hell Week, road trips, and midnight sessions. In this way the fraternities can contribute much. to the University’s war-time program. :
JlJniyersMy M^ PeesUanei Notes
Piatroiiize“’Pikiibhent\ Advertleera^
W’esley Foundation Sunday program at First Methodist Church, Chauncey and South Sts. 9:30—Four Student Classes. 1. The Intei'iiational Les.son, Mrs. R. G. Thomas; 2. Our Christian Message For the World Today, Di’. C. O. Lee; 3. Why am I a Protestant? Pi'of. D. H- Patterson; 4. An Evaluation of the Xmas Conf., E. R. Balsley. 10:40—Morning worship. “The Problem of Suifei-ing,” Dr. 0. S. Steele. , 6:30—W'esley Vespers. Dr. Albert Wt. -Palmer of the Chicago Theological Seminary.
WBAA
THE CORK IS A HERO It is hot the aim of the. Cprk to grow morbid all of a sudden. That is to say that today we are going to talk about death and we don’t want anyone to get the idea that the Neck is turning into an obituary column. Our boss simplj’: told us that if we had to write this stuff, that he wants two columns a week —for the duration. With two col-umns-a week for people to read, there is likely to be a lot of death, if anyone leads it.
’W’est Lafayette Baptist Church ' Sunday Program Chauncey and Columbia StReverend J. B. Gleason 9:30—Roger Williams Club Class Hour. Led by Prof. T. K. Noss. 10:35—Chuuch Service. Sermon; “We Need a Sense of Humor Today." 5;30—15c Lunch. G.., 6:00:—Social Hour. '■ / " 6:30-—Discussion Hour. To be .held at the Methodist Church. -
The whole thing happened while we were dozing in mechanics class the other day. We began to think how great ^yas our military department, training all the shavetails like they are. Then we started thinking about how great a man the Colonel was. We dreamt that the Colonel had hit upon a new discovery. He needed one man who would loose his life, but by his suicide mission the armies of the Japs and the Nazis and Italians would all be destroyed.
I'urdue Christian Foundation ,/ Sunday Program At, Lafa5^ettc' Christian Church Sixth and North St. 9:15-9:20—Catch ride from 131/S. Giant. 9:30—Student Class. Prof. B. L. Dodds of the Education and Applied P.sycliology Dept, will speak. 16;40—Church Worship Service. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach the sermon entitled, “The Divine Church” (Follows the sermon last Sunday on “The Human Church”). 5:00—10c Suppe^- at 131 S. Gi-ant. 5:25—Leave in a body for the W. L. Methodist Church. Ken Truax . will lead in recreation. Dr. Albert W. Palmer of Chicago' will speak on “Humanity’s Shoi test and Wiisest Creed.” International House . . . announces the election of the following officers: Richard Johnson, pre.sident; Keimei- Sho, vicepresident; Walter White, sccietary; Mike Galluecii, treasurci-; Howard Hamilton, puiehasing agent; Donald Grant, hou.se manage)-; Robei-t Smith, social chai) man; Doyt Ha)-)i-ilton, eduostional ehaiiinan; Douglas Fletcher, athletic chah-man.
The Cork jumped at the chance, to prove his Supreme patriotism. We said, “Colonel, what do you want u.s to do.” He explained in great detail how we should take a dash over behind the Italian lines and scream like a Gieek. All the an-)i-ies would flee and we would keep screaming until the Italians were Heed out.
Takin.g a hop over to Gei'many, we would make off with the Puehi - ei’s moustache, attaching it to our own maxilla , and giving the order, “Spfunp Baderspdeg.” This means “Run for the sea, the Cork is coming.” At the sea they would encounter water which would frighten them to death. (The Nazis art much moi-e fai-iiiliai- with Beta Epsilon Epsilon Rho.)
MONDAY January 19 (AP News 6 minutes before the hour every hour.) ■ 9:66—News 10:00—“News Writing”—Prof. J. H. McKee. 10:15—Music 10:30—Music 10:60—Music 11:00—“Histoiy of Europe Since 1870”—Prof. Frank .Hall 11:60—Purdue News I2i00—Agricultural Forum 12:15—^Meet the Band 12:45—(Flexible for Special Events) - 1:00—^Music 1:16—-Poods, Facts, Fancies 1:30—Music 1:45^—Markets 2:00—A Story a Day 2:15—Radio Camera Club 2:30-—Safety Program 2:45—Music 3:00—Mary Louise Reppei't—■ pianist . 3:10—Music 3:15—Afternoon Melodies 3:30—West Lafayette High School Speech Series 4:00—Tea Time Tunes 4:30—Music . 4:45—Little Miss Muffott - 5:00—Just Relax 5:15—Cui-rent Books with Helen Seaton 5:30—-Vespers 5:45—Curio Man 5:50—News 6:00—Dinner Music 6:30—Spoi-ts Review 6:45'—Eleanor Slopesma—singer 7:00—Social Seeuiity 7:15—3M’s 7:30—Petite Musicale 8:00—Marching Along 8:15—Parade of Business 8:30—Eventide Echoes 8:46—-South American Way 9:00—Musieana 9:30—Music 9:50—News
The night was warin and the fraigi’ance of . lilacs flowed lazily through the air, He looked at, her with desire in his;eyes; .fi)ially .controllipg hjmself no longer he Igan.e,d toward: her,and to)d her. “Take Your Shoes Off, Baby.” That is the undying sentiment expressed in Artie Shaw’s latest. The opening strains are yveird and coippletejy out of this world, then Shaw takes over with his claramatoot for the opening bars of the melody. After a short step back to the band, old “Hot Lips” .Page,grabs hold of the vocal :ai)d sets it back on its heels. When ihe figdit’s over the band comes through for the closing straiiis. If you desire something a little sweeter, *a little more redolent, try the back of “Take Your Shoes Off, Baby,” This should satisfy your astronomical streak. The -title of this stellar nuinber is “I Asked the Stars.” Shaw/ featui-es a sax, with his /Clarinet interspersed throughout the first half of the disc; following this we find the trombone taking the lead with a guitar t'ight on its heels. Artie closes the door on the syrup factory with, his strings and his ebony woodwind. Natural flistory Although it is relatively unknown today and even less worth while, we still want to pass on to you the information gathered about guppies. Years ago, .guppies, as we know them, were large vicious fish known as Goobstubs and inhabited the water near Borgastrufel, which is thi'ee moons jo.ui-ney from Spardgrib. These Groobstubs were devoted fans of music and because of this love wei'c soon annihilated. Some unsci'upulous scientist used music as a lure to catch them whereupon the men of science' would anoint the fish with a substance called starch until the Groobstubs shrunk to their' present size. Note:. Don’t blame us for this — it’s Victor’s idea. The idea is ad- ■ vei'tising tor “The Pooi- Little Guppie” played by Ozzie Nelson, Regardless of the story, the record is still good and cleverly arranged. Next time ask foi' Bluebird numbei' 114D3. . ; . It’s hard to believe, but thing.s .sui'ely look as if Freddy Maifin is coming through with another SUiash hit. The caption of this inore-than-gentle tempo spells out “I’ll Nevei’ Forget.” Clyde Lucas holds the singing- assignment while Jack Fina does his part on the piano. This record is sti-ictly on the velutinous side and has all the corners rounded to the nicest curves. (Boy what a thought!) “I’ll Nevei- Forget” is certainly due to affect you the same way it did us, and that’s plenty — if you know what I mean — and you probably do.
/g 0^/erPe|ewse Metal Course
Several requests have been received invLafajrette for a defense training course on the inspection of metals, according to Maiti'ice 6raney, local administrator for the .g^o-,g-rai-n. Fifteen applicants are needed before the course can,be. offered. If enough persons enrdli, ' a ;hight class in this subject will he offered on the campus. . . .. University seniors'Who -will gradr uate in May and underclassmen who will drop school to enter industry ,as well.as,townspeople,,.^re eligible for this course. Applicants, however, must haye had a course in physical metallurgy or equivalent experience in industry. This course includes a-comprehen-sive survey of methods of ipsp.e.cting metals with einphasis on the i^etection of imperfections, the determination of properties, .and the interpretation of results. This is one of the several night classes being .offered here under authority of .the United States office of education as part of the national defense training program.
Perylne Issues Call-Out For ms Coed Freshmen AWS will have semester freshmen coed call-outs at 4 p. m. Tues day in the AWS office of the Union. Becky Ann Pei-vine, in charge of the call-outs, said yesterday that the Plain purpose ol the meeting is to explain what AWS does for coL
le.ge women.
Agnes McCulloch, president, and M:ii-y Ellen Scarff, vice-pre.sident, will discuss its functions and the work carried out by the freshmen. Lynn Erganbi-ight, transfer orientation chairman, will discuss some of the problems that haye -come before her during- the past year. The rear guard for this waxing isn’t any flop either. Kay Kyser did the first one of it, but Freddy Martin should collect all the honors foi“Popocatepetl.” In fact it was thi.s tune that held first, place on our list until we got around to tui-ning the disc over. Yes, sir, gang, this i-ecoj-d is a wow o.f a buy and you’ll find it on Bluebii-.d B-ri409.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD 1. RISK — DENTISTS .... 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
^ Everything for a ^ College Education I DEAC’S
GOMPANIES .SCHEDULED TO ,VISIT:.CAI^^US—' ■ ,\ A-^Westjnghduse Electric andv.Mfg. Co., Pittsburgh, Pa. Jan. 20, 2l, 22. . Cutler-Hammer, Inc.,. Chicago,
Illinois. Jan. 20.
.Electro-Hetallurgical ...Co,, ,(,Un.it,, of Union Carbide and Carbon Co.), .Nlaj^ara Falls, New York. Jan. 21. ^ -'Warner and Swasey Co., Cleve-r
land.iQhio. Jan..-22 and 23.
i^eneral <ChemicaltCo., -New York,.,
Nevy York. Jan. 22.
General Chemical Co., New York,
New York, Jan. 22.
Phillips 'Petroleum Co., :Bartles-1
viile,. Oklahoma. Jan. 23. Cl!vil4chQ0ltF^i:dfessors
Td dil!fc.eiid44SC€Meeting tPifdfeBsors -'R:- B.- 'Wile-y/C. A,4E1!lis;,and:P. C.'Rutledge,of the School ? of Civil -Engineering- \yill;be in New York from .Januai’y .19 to 23 to at-, tend the .annual meetirig- of the American Society of Civile Engineers. Professor Wiley,'Hea'd of the School of Ch!)il lEngineei’ing, is a director of the Society and is pai--. tic'ipating in the^ meetings of the Board of Dii’ection. Professor EHis is attending meetings of the execu--tive committee of the Sti'uctural Division of the Society. Professor 'Rutled.g‘e is presenting a technical -paper at the meetings of the Soil ,- Mechanics and Foundations Divis-
ion of the. Society.
Church Group Will Hold SkaHng Party On Friday Westminster Foundation will sponsor a skating, pai-ty next Friday, January 24, from 8 to 12:30. The party will start at the. church and the skating- will begin at IQ. Refi-eshments will be served and. transportation, will be, pi:ovided. Geoi-.c-e Emerson is in char.ge of the entertainment committee, i-.e.f.
i'HOW'iPtAYiHi'i'
WAA
Thence to the Jap hangout wheie we offered the toothy ones TWO. bowls of l ice per day if they would lay down theii- arms and go back to theii- old occupation of comparing cig-arettc.s. The rush of the Mikadd Kids to take up the pi-oposal would he so great that the Cork would be trampled on and DEATH would be dealt to heroic us.
Dr. Walter D. Coking, ousted dean of the Univei-sity of Gem-gia college of education, ha.s been appointed consultant in program phuining by the fedei al .secui-ity agency.
The bell rang 'then and instead of it being the Cork’s end, it was just the end of class. Oh hum, anothei- mechanics class; anotheihcj o is the Coi-k—according- to the Cork. '
... bad)ninton call-outs will he held 'luesday, January 20, .at the Women’s gym. All co-eds interested inust get credit for three practices before they are eligible to enter, but they get 25 points for enterin.g. plu.s 25 points for first place or 10 points for second place. Basketball ha.s already started and all intei-ested are urged to tu)-n out for practices which will be held for two weeks on Monday, Wedne.^day and Friday nights at 4 to 5 and 5 tod p. m. .
Hai-vai-d univei-sity’s athletic teams ai-e opeiatiiig on a budget l educed by nearly .$40,000 becau.se of reduced enrollment and revenues.
PjjUidusL ^xpummL All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congres.s of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year ’and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $1.00.
iSditor-in-Chief Editor lipurto Editor
..Ned A. Ochiltree DuHinees Manager ..John L. Traugott Managing Editor ..Phil Johnson Coed Editor.........
........Pon S. Powers Leland W. RulTner Kuth Hose
Publication Staff
Business Staff
Editorial Staff: J. F. Amos. J. H. Armstrong. D. T. Brophy, K. L. Hadh-y, F. I. Jom-s, K. fi. Kitpt-r. Spans Staff: O. 'i'. Clai-li, J. l-i. Fraser. J. S. Keeler. Coed Staff: Mary K. Hoyiitoii, Alice Chatfield. Jane Rarasdell. Associate Editors
Cued Business Manager: Donna Siess ; Office Manager: Lee Bossong. Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Ojemre, R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. MiHani. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Franlcenberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Phones: Etjiforial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented ing Service, Madison Ave.,
for national advertising by National AdvertisInc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Night' Editor: Hadley Day Editor: Boynton UiMie Editor: Buii! Spurts Editor: Clark
Reporters: , Finclier, C. I,. Kariiieli, It. V
7. B. Wolf. S. R. Beall, P. A. Huber, R. A. Hass, F. J. Vegii, K. Holland. Sports*. E. LKrieger. ,
NOW SHOWING BOTH FIRST RUN HITS
A JURY Of THE DAMNED TO JUDGE AMANJ The'Best-of-the-Year' Story of a Wife’s Fight for Love! A
Baud on Stephen Vincent Benet’s story "The Devil and Daniel Webster" with Edward ARNOLD • Walter HUSTON • Jane DARWELL Simone SIMON • Gene LOCKHART • Joiin QUALEN and Anne SHIRLEY • James CRAIG r-nr-T-' -PLUS——
NEGLECTED BRIDE.. OLD BEAU..0H,B0YI
HOUSB GUSS7S AftM JUST TSJLMITES IN THS FaUN&ATWN OF A HAPPY HOMO!
DENNIS O'KEEFE > iANE WYATT PHILIP REED > EDWARD EVERFTT HORTON ZASU PITTS ‘ FRANKLIN PANOBORN
■iery, reckless... ihe wanted only he one Wan she jould never have!
Jh’c/ian/ JJewellyfi's
10c PAUL'S PLACE 1( .Beef steak Beef Barb-Q Home Made Chili Pork Tenderloin/J Furnas Ice Cream Phone 2645 We Deliver
KEEP YOUR HOME NEAT AND ATTRACTIVE WITH ACE PAINTS FIXTURES — HARDWARE John Sperb Hdwe. 822-24 Main St.
with WALTER PIDCEON mUREEH O’HARA • DOHALO CRISP
TODAY- MONDAY - 2 SWELL HITS -
SWING ON DOWN THIS RHYTWW ROAO.'
” IDIIN .JllOOli < meiNHD C'AIIDINH
J
> ■ te'4" ;•■* / '„ ‘.\ V ’*,’'•> £-’% ¥'^, .V, / a- '' .s 'i-.y 5 ■' ■ 4'V 'A % .y;-” .
01^
TO THE
~ms
^ ^ ^
COME 01 TEAM KEEP UP THAT “PEPPER MU WW THAT TITT F J. X J- Jm Jji
^ ^ ^
PETER
ANDERSON CO.
Al^TER YOU —WE COME FIRST
525 Alabunia St.
Phone 4048
W«s;, 49; iNortbweatem, 46 8A&KETaAtl SCOEES ^ / r V . Ohio $t^te/54; towa, 52 Illinois, 54; Chicago, 26
Main.# 44#'.MMihis9n/ 32 B uf ler, <4^; .NotrelOame, 43
iBrillfciFit VoUeys Vkfory Over
Snn(i4y/>| AKIM ary IS# 1942
P?ge 3
► These Are the Times... These are the times that try a would be sports, writer’s soul. Ordinarily this final exam period brings with it the longest athletic lull of the season. But this year it’s worse with the University on a war time basis and no mid-term vacation. The baslcetball season is dead for another week; wrestling, swimming, and indooi track do not begin their schedules until the fiist week in February. The weight lifters are not even lifting this week. So the best thing we can find to write about is the actions of a group of men who spent the Christmas vacation basking in the sun at Phoenix, Arizona, the National Collegiate Rules Committee. Besides getting a sun tan, this group decided on a numbei of lather interesting changes. Most of these, however, wer^ just more of a burden to the already bewildered officials who now have to carry a Spaulding rule book in one hand during the game to be able to officiate the game justly. ► WhorDid If First—^Ifhat Is the Question Piobably the most momentous decision of the committee was the one concerning the off side penalty. Who of us has never seen a beautiful touchdown run or a nice lunback of a punt called back because of “both sides offside”? But those days are gone foiever. According to the new rdle, when both sides are offside, it is up to the officials to decide which team stepped over first, and deal to that team alone the penalty. The rules committee did not give any directions or aids for helping the officials make this decision It’s going to be hard to make in a lot of cases. Maybe they should appoint another official for the j'ob—a head offside judge or something. ► Hjere's Another Tough Decision Next they decided to allow the officials to stop the clock at any ime in the last two minutes oi the game if he feels that one team is trying to stall by sending in substitutes wholesale. We predict this as another “toughy” for the boys in the stuped shirt to decide upon, and one that will bring upon them all kinds of wrath. But then it may be quite successful if it stops the main weak point in the free substitution rule initiated last year.
Win Twtt Yesterday
Riveter sqnaeh
ed a fighting ^ggregatloB Culver Military AdadjfeiBijr^Jly the score of 8-3. The soldl^*'' team was composed o£4ii*i0f* ficers and five cadets, Boilermaker team was cent* posed of eight varsity with Homer Allen of the ical education department e^*
pleting the team.
Bob Bond and Big John Petty pulled the iron man stunt for the Riveter’s with each Btan
by%d Karpiiik ' following in the games that he playing two opponents. To make the Did you hear the Orange Bowl broadcasts is that he manages to tale complete each of the two broadcast from Miami last New paint a veiy accurate word picture tioned above annexed a pair .of ^0^Year’sday? If you did then you, no of the game that he is reporting, tories. Bond won both of his mabehes doubt, appreciated the fine recrea- There isn’t any guessing as tq who straight sets while Big Jolm tion of the game by Ted Husing. made a tackle or threw a pass. In ^ame of rtRe Since the '20’s the name Husing has addition to the fact that Husing is jjg pjayed. been the trade mark for the finest an authority on the pigskin game, . „ it? n i in sports broadcasting. To use a he has a very capable assistant ® s or n ver badly overworked word Ted Husing spotting plays. Jesse Fant, Norm Goldstein, is the dean of American sports To keep up the chain of Husing Charles Hess, and Homer broadcasters. firsts in radio, Ted was the first were other Boilermakers ,tjiat,^nJust Keeps Rollin’ broadcaster to form a team with a nexed a victory apiece. Heas ^e- „ . V , i u j time spotter. He realized that feated Cadet Copeland in an ex^tHusing has several sports broad- ^ broadcasts left ing five set match, vyhile the pthpr castjng firsts to his credit. He was smoothness three took the measure .qf tjt;ee
and accuracy. So the team of Hus- members of the officer’s Jgai^, ing and Les Quailey came into be- Marshall, playing in the nj;tmkP^ ing. They invented a little instru- two spot for the Culveritcs,#h^<id ment that is used to keep track of speed and agility thpt '--^1)^ the playfrs in the game and to in- grey in hik hair before heisuccnn^*
Ted Husing, Columbia's Sports Announcer, Still Ranks On Top
Up and coming young America knows the intense value of smartness these days. Young America knows, too, the importance of real economy. That’s why we’re finding more and more wise young folks using a good cleaner. They’ve fpund it pays in finer appearapee and longer lasting clothes.
the first to broadcast the color accompanying a college football game. He was also the first to see the possibilities of broadcasting a college track meet. In 1932 at Hus-
ing’s insistance Columbia Broad- -i., mjcasting system aired the track meet edto the.racftuetwcldingpf^wbetween the combined British track eter Norm Goldstein, squads of Oxford and Cambridge Husing fpr another The only cadet ,ta-ring-iff a-Vic-opposing the American team com- Husing has a tory was Ma.oDonald who outS|»adposed of athletes from Princeton spotter Jimmy Dolan, but the i,d sophomore Hob HoydstqmJp^ and Cornell quality of the Husing broadcasts four set match. A world <4 escedit Husing Takes A Chance T" youngsters due fpr.ho,did This was more than just another football broadcast under the ^ot crack undqr the strain pf sgvsports broadcast to Husine for he Busing’s voice becomes oral of Boydstoo’s fine fplRes-lmt spoits Dioaucast Husing, tor he dramatic. That famed continued with the ^aiae
voice is usually at the right pitch ggnjo that ultimately brought, him
had risked his contract on the suc-
cess of this broadcast. The gods v ” >' r'T” ‘-“‘‘i'
“ for the listeners’ greatest enjoy- victory.
Norlliweslorn at Vine
Phono 4081
smiled down on Husing that day, for it was that afternoon that Jack
Love lock the great British lunner beat Bill B 0 n t h r o n, of Princeton, in a lace which was outstanding because both runners broke the existing mile
1 ecord.
His versatility as a sports broadcaster is illustiated by the fact that he has broad cast al
ment; it is under perfect control. Thei« IS a very small change in intensity as the activity becomes moie exciting. Very seldom does Husing lose control of that voice. It was during a Natre Dame - Ohio State game back in the middle
Wells-Walaitis Best Match Though most-of the matches had
their share of excitement and good
volleys, the match ketweeu
more Ed Wells and Walaitis of the Culver aggregation bad onqre^tlum its share of spectacular play. This
thirties that Husing stopped being j ^
a cool reporter and became just a football fan. A very good Ohio
State team walked all over the Irish in the first half and led 13-0 at the intermission. In the last quar-
those played principally jbecaqsp both men were continually -mfddng seemingly impossible saves pf what seemed to be placement aces. Walaitis put the clincher on a well de-
ter the Irish, led by Andy Pilney j • i , . . , , , , . , served victory with several consep-
scoied two touchdowns but missed
Ted Husing
utive shots that were placed out of
the reach of his opponent.
was glory aplenty eVen for the vanquished in this match which was
the conveisions. Pilney was hurt at this point and replaced by Bill Shakespeare. In the waning sec-
”* oads of the game Shakespeare pass- , ,, u x —c i,’ :ki. _ most every type of athletic event, ed to Wayne Milner in the end zone ^
He has covered everything fiom the for a sensational Irish triumph. All
clash of a couple of broken down Husing could do was shriek, “It’s Stylist Homer Allen put an i^d pugs to the aristociatic intei nation- a touchdown.” proceedings of the aft:^n.omi al polo matches on Long Island. His Steady Performer ^ straight set vietpry pver Cwleminiscenses include many of the No one could blame him for los- Several of the visiting ,q3|llC^S
mg contiol at a time like that, but aniazed at the ease U.ndg^acp don’t expect something like that in which Allen handled tkp mnny the usual Husing bioadcast. He shots that he had to
cause ot his football broadcasts, hasn’t got to the top and stayed during the course of the His
great moments in sports. Gives Accurate Accounts
Most people know Husing be
The reason that he has such a great theie foi years on slips.
NOTICE Freshman track managers call'out‘ All those interested please lepoit to Room 104 of the Fieldhouse Tuesday at 4:16. —CLOUSER.
IM Schedules
Dead Eye John
MONDAY Iiiiuiary 19 1942 SQUASH Coiiits 1, 2, 3 7 00 Alph.i Tau OmoK<i vs Smma Alpha Mu (QiiaitLi I'ln.il) BASKETBALL MONDAY—Jamiaij 19, 1942 ConII 1 7 00- C.iry Hall 2 vs Car> Hall 1 1 Stevens) 7 1")- Caiy Hall 1 vs Caiy Hall 1 (Stevens) 8 00- Cars Hall 5 vs Caiy Hall 7 (Stevens) 8 1) Waul 21 vs Wanl 9 (Final Round) (Stevens-Ralfci ty) Couit 2 7 00 Caiy Hall 0 vs Cary Hall 8 7 15- Caiy Hall 10 vs Caiy Hall U 8 00—Ward 10 vs Waid 3S (Piactiie Game) (Schwarz 8 15 Waid 5 vs Waid 21 (Piuctice Game) Court 3 7 00—Cary Hall 9 vs Caiy Hall 12 7:15—Cary Hull 11 vs Caiy Hall 11 8 00—Waul 25 vs Waid 28 (Praitiee Game) 8 1>-Waid 30 vs Waid 32 (Practice Game) (Gates)
' tf ' s S t M 4$ ’ •{: 44
. . .^Kotz, Wteeohsip
present staging a hot fight for the
footwork and agility
of the toughest shots seem Hdieu-
lously easy, e.l.k.
Road School...
(Continued from page 1) ■« |i Mil I I. I ies and separate sessions have been planned for their benefit. State highway men, county surveyors, county road supervisoi-s and copniy commissioners will also meet ip separate sessions dealing with phases of their particular lines of
work.
Wednesday morning's general session will be devoted to the presentation of repoids on the findings of the Joint Highway Research Piojeet. being .carried on by the University in cooperation wiGi tke State Highway Comission of Indiana. Staff engineers will djseuss the experiments now under way^ .and others scheduled for future die-'
velopment.
i^i^^ at Elliott To Play ’ i
president E. C. Elhptt vRlhe
Big Ten
Team
W
L
Pet.
Pts.
Op.
Illinois
4
0
1.000
211
155
Minnesota
4
1
.800
242
206
PURDUE
3
1
.750
184
109
NoithwqM^vii
3
2
.600
230
158
Iowa
3
2
.600
233
212
Indiana
2
2
.500
161
186
Ohio State
2
3
.400
177
211
Wisconsin
2
3
.400
214
212
Michigan
1
4
.200
158
196
CJhicago
0
5
.000
158
296
Big Ten scoring lead with North- toastnnfster qt the western’s Otto Graham. He is the Thursday , , , , , ter H- Blueher, only star of last jears conference of the American play. In addition to his deadly Officials of Chicago, infill marksmanship from the floor John- “Planning for the Pqst USTar vl^pri-
ny is a master ot the art of tipping
in rebounds, a fact which makes Bncau&e of the present war eaaerhim doubly dangerous to the oppo- f ^ „ delivery of roiad eqpipiueat, thft sition. Boilermaker tans will re- Show orriinarfly held to the
” ^ to Wednesday afteriuam ami thal
200 158 196 invade the Fieldhouse on February schoffi S^e^ter the iSqSt
1®- on Thuisday night, d,e.hi, *
f.k ■
). 1
January ^1^9
m;
*#1
fev*v-.;pf. t-’-
versity Calendar ^eek Of January 18- 24
t’s Nd^: This coluibn is a new feature of the Sunday
^hr further details see the editorial on Page 1.
...Room 261 Union
Room 202, C. E. Bldg. Room 201, C. E. Bldg.
Room 263, Union
Room 201, Ag Hall West Faculty Lounge
Room 304, Union
East Faculty Lounge West Faculty Lounge. East Faculty LoUnge
Room 332, Union South Ballroom
Room 117, Hort. Bldg.
Room 304j Union Room 212, Union Room 306, Union Room 307, Union Room 307, Union .Room 303, Union Hall of Music
Scrivener Club
Cbnrse in Agriculture begins. Read School Registration
' 1130'^,354. Road School Opening Session....
jGom, on State of University ....
iVCiO: A^onomy Dept. Seminar , Road School Smoker i0j;||O^P.M, Reamer Club
yuesdlf^.'jannary, 20
Annual Soad School—-See Program ■9:06 A.M. County Surveyors : 'i9;00 'A‘.M. State Highway Construction .... '1:00 P.M. County Road Supervisor’s
^ -.grlb P.M. Board of Trustees
7:0fl P.M. Debris Pictures ..: 7:30 P.M. Forestry Club Meeting ' 7:30'P.M. Silver Mask Meeting ....; . 7:30 P.M. Religious Council , 7;30 P.M. Ceres Meeting 7:30 P.M- Alpha Phi Omega 7:80 P.M. Christian Science Organization. '7:30 P.M. Little Movie Convocation
Wednesday, January 21
*3:30 A.M. General Session'Road School ....South Ballroom
.* 9:30 A.M. Regular Meeting of
;/ Board of Trustees 1:<H} P.M. County Commis. Assn. 1:00, P.M. County Surveyors 1:00 P.M. State Highway Cpnstr. Group... 1:60 P.M. Indiana City Engineers Ass’n.. 1:00 P.M. State Highway Group 1:00 P.M. Indiana Bankers 6:30 E.M. Board of Trustees 7:13 P.M, Philatelic Society 7:30. P-M* Marriage Course
Horticultural Society
TjuirMay, January 22
---3:0o, Road Schoolr-'See Program ' 3;00 A.M. County Road Supervisors ■ 3:00 A.IVL State Highway Construction., i' 3^00 A.M. Ind. City Engineers’ Asso. .... ‘ S.-OO A.M. State Highway Group *1:30 P.M: Road School ■ 3:00 P.M; Screen Review y 4:00 P.M. Christian Foundation Meeting.. :' 6r30'P.M. Road School Banquet ---7:16 P.M. Riding Club ...... ._
Student Book Exchange is now paying for the books which have been sold up to date. Those who wish to receive money for books which have been sold should bring receipts. Selling will continue until
6 p, m. Tuesday. '
The deadline for collecting the books or money has been set for Friday, January 23.. The Exchange will not be responsible for books Wbich .are not called for by that ddte. Plenty of books for Biology 1, Aginculturgi English 32, Speech 1, Psychology 1, Sociology 76, PEW 61, Hcoriomics .1, General Engineering.. 32 4rtd . advanced technical courses are available for those who wish to purchase them, f.j.r.
Qpeds Register '■}■■■■ (Continued from page 1) Regularly at certain times will also be taken up. All materials will be fpfnished to the volunteers, and expgldenced workers will be on hknd tb demonstrate bandage - making
gb'd knitting.
Ilkctivity of the unit will hot be d^^fined to work ,in the sub-base-j^^ht, for knitting and sewing may
bM taken home. Credit Awarded
Credit will be given for/articles made. Fifty hours of work either at home or in the offices will earn for the coed a national Red Cross pin. Each regulation sleeveless sweater knitted gives twenty hours credit toward the pin. s.e.b. Ag Und&rcla^men Will Medt Tii^day
Semestjer Itegisfrafbn Shows Decrease of 57S Registration for the second semester viras almost Completed last night, but final results wete not immediately available. .According to Prof. Frank Hockemaf assistant to the president, 5,908 iitn,^nte registered by Friday night, bi^ several students registered yesterday. This figure is three hundred below the enrollment at the same time last year and approximately 676 below the registration figure of 6,676 on October 1; 1941. d.e.b.
ClasMfied
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all malceii ' eold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershog, 606 Main,
lifayette. Phone 2T79.
Ri^hB^mToday; To Discuss Future
3SCoeds Register
Bldg.
Trustees Rm., Ex
Tower, Union
East Faculty Lounge West Faculty Lounge
Room 355, Union Room 363, Union Room 263, Union
Rooms 332-334, Union
Room 303, Union
Rooms 302-304, Union Room 117, Hort. Bldg.
7:30 P.M; Camera Club Meeting * 7:30 PIM. Christian Student Fellowship... Friday, January 23 '8:00 A.M. State Highway Maintenance .. •’ .8:00 A.M. State Highway Construction ■' 4:.30 P.M. Cosmopolitan Club Meeting ..... Saturday, January 24 DiOb'P.M; Mixer
East Faculty Lounge. West Faculty Lounge
Room 355, Union Room 363, Union South Ballroom Hall of Music Room 212, Union .North Ballroom Room 306, Union
.Room 304, Union .Room 307, Union .Room 363, Union .West Faculty Lounge .Room,304, Union
.South Ballroom
kasznia Dir&:ts Weight Lifters laSub-Basemerrt Of Fieldhouse
THirtyreight girls registered yesterday for second semester rush, wh-iefi %lll continue from 9 a. in. today tili 6 p. m. Saturday. Pledging may take place at any time during the rush-period. In this informal rushing period, sororities may plan, any ^kind of party or entertainment that can be given inside their: houses. Slumber parties, breakfast bridges, and informal dinners are among the programs of several sororities. “it is important for the girls going through rush to visit as many different houses as possible before they make the final decision of pledging,” said Barbara Adkins, president of PanhMlenic Association. “Since you are probably going to live with the girls for two or three years, you, as a rushee, should be certain to meet as many of the girls as you can.” c.f.h. Alpha Phi Omega . . . service honorary, will hold a meeting at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday in room 307 of the Union. The meeting will be devoted to next year’s program as it will be affected by the present emergency. Several projects from the national office will also be discussed. It will be the first meeting- with the present pledge class, and plans will he made con-' cerning the spring pledges.
Meeting of all freshmen, sophonidres and juniors in the School of Agriculture will be held Tuesday afternoon at 4 p. m. in the assembly room of Agricultural Hall. The summer sesMbn will be discussed by associate deah'V. C. Freeman wh,o will answer any questions students may have concerning the
summer term.
Students received a mimeographsheet during registration explaining the summer semester and requesting them to be able to state next, week whether or not they will attend the University next summer. - Tuesday’s meeting is for informafi.qn only as cards giving students a;?ehance to express their intentions for next summer will be passed- out later in the week. 1,000 Couples ... attended the Union mixer last night to dance to the music of Les Brown. The backdrop was of red cambric with Les Brown’s picture in the middle and his name in spangled letters above the picture.
Notices
AH Mllitarr Stadaiit«; ,Tlie, two weeks make-up period for those';entitled .to:make up absences in flr.st semester.Will include the Weeks of Jan. 6 to It) and Jah. 21 to Feb. 3. No absences ftom drUlS'dUrinB the: first semester should be ..madeiViih the Week of Jan. 14 to 24; Students .haVine; -C or I erndes ,wiir ascertain , what Is required of them by coming: t^Hh^: Armory office before making up absehee's. ^,
, V--9.R471AM ;
Exponent Editorial Coeds! New schedule is posted in'the office. Plcaaceheck' it.and . repOrt on day.s assigned. . ' -ROSE Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Tuesday, Jan. 20, at 7:80 p.m, in room 307 of the Union. This meeting is important. Be there. -
■ .-'•SKSLER;
Independent Staff : Conje dressed for pictures Wednesday night. Dog, will be up Monday'afternoon. Barta, night editor: Humphrey, issue editor: Squire, day editor. Pictures at 8:00 -SMULEVITZ Pistol Team Tryouts: Pistol team tryouts .scheduled for Monday night Jan. lOWill be held Tuesday, Jan. 20. —BROWN Activities. Bureau: All activities Bureau Workers report Monday. Jan. 19, at 4 p.m. fer important meeting. —OLSON .Reainer Club: Regular meeting Monday night, Jan. 19, in room 804 of the Union. Important. , ' . , —RUFFNER Fraternity Affairs Office: ; Sophomore workers report.to office Monday,- Jan. 19 at 4 p.m. , —WtLCOX Triton Club: Regular meeting Tuesday. January 20, at 7:30 p. m. in Women’s
Gym. All be there. —KRAEPELIEN.
Westmlnatei- EaUndatioh: Skating party: on Friday night, JnhUary 24 from. 8-12 tSOMeet at the 'stJhlversity Presbyteriau church at 8 p.rid;; Refreshments and trans^v poittation prov^d^^^^ ' CLARK ’ ' ' PIA Board: Important meeting Monday,;,
January 19,>t 4 ^ m. .
AiphU Lambda Delta: Business meetingV ...Tuesday,'-January 19, at. 6 p. m.-, in t-oom ‘286 in'Union.' ' . ' Y 1, —MncDONALD. ; Dolphin Club! MecUng TuMdny, Jan-; : utiry' 20. in room; 104; .Of Fieldhouse- Im- ;
portaht, all members plcaSe ' S; C. J.! Meeting Tuesday at'4' pi:
arrange funeral. Be there, ■ .: 'i
■ , RONALD.
Christian Science Organization: - Eeguiar. ' meeting at 7 :80 p. m. on Tueeday, JUW.s 20 in room 808 of Union. ^
, LOCKWOOD^ f:
WAA Badminton- eallonts: Tuesday,; Jan- 20, at 4 p.'-m. Practices Tuesdays and ThiirsdaVs. Three praetlces reqUlrCd. • v
, —BUEBGTJBp;- 'i.^, ' Independent’' Coe4a !■. ■
Council meeting on Md.haay,i"'.Jah;- 1.9, ' in] AWS office.. V !■■■
■ -r^NlTSOME.
Code Classes,! Sftud^ih^’’Who enrolled Jnf the military dept, code .and., radio .instr^':. tion classes see, bulleMhY'.oqhrd . in ; m|m'
hall of Armory for
Classes are now 'ih'.tptdg
v-LT.iBl
Little Movie Convo Subscribers: The Student Art Guild Little Movie Convo will be held in the Hall of Music on Tuesday, Jan. 20, instead of this evening as previously announced. ' —PARKS WAA: Ping pong and shuffleboard callouts will be Monday, Jan. 19 at 4 p. m.. at Women’s Gym.
—SCHUBER.
Junior Military Students: It you Wish to enter IDB mm. howitzer competition for the second semester, turn in list of squad by noon, Jan. 17, to Capt. Ruby, List to in--elude two juniors, nine sophomores.
—RUBY
Senior Coeds: For information . regarding the Civil Service examination for po.sitions os junior technologists, call at the Placement Service for Women. Phone number 2955. —SMITH GB 11 and GE 12; The examination for the removal of C and I grades in' GE 11 and GB 12 will be given Saturday, Jan. 24. from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. in room 301 of the Michael Golden Shops. —RISING Chemistry Major Seniors: Those dcsirious of getting a job should report at my office. room 422, Chemistry building, and advise me of their training, desires as to employment and information helpful in placing them. A number of assistaiitships arc available for the coming school year in the department of chemistry. Those students intore.sfeei should report to my office at once. -i-DEGERING Roger Williams Club: Sunday evening, Jan. 18. a 15-cent lunch and social hour will be held at 5:80 p.m. at the \Veat Lafayette Baptist -Church. Dr. Palmer will speak at Methodist Church at 6:30 p.m. —ARTMAN
Exponent Coed Business Staff: Schedule is as follows: Monday: Clark, Keim, Riddell, Elliott: Tuesday: Foster, , Clark, Riddell, Payne; Wednesday: Foster, Keim, Payne, Elliott; Thursday: Riddell, Payne, Elliott: Friday: Foster, Clark. Keith.
—SIESS.
Y'hn'dtfLehgqT feAR’Tti'’
Battery Athietic Officers; There wilfte ‘ an important m^tinif of all BAQ's^atv^ p. m. Jan. 21, 1942 iq rootn 205 of-;|hfe Armory.'All BAO’s are required to attewl. —VANDERFORl^:/; Scriveners: Meeting tonight, Sundfay,; Jan. 18, at 7:80 p. m. in rqom 208 of Union. Guests invited. _ __ ; -—RIEGLE, . J, i-.' '
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store Across Trom Union “Red*- Siammont *29 **Doc“ lilppte *40
I; Dine Tonight i: NU CHINA GRIVL ;’ CHOW MEIN v- CHOP SUEY «; <; 409 ColuiHliia •- <;
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
By Clint’Sowards •JIoviTi in the recesses of the sub- _ basenieiit of the Fieldhouse, there is> and .has‘been for the last three y€^rs,Aa weight lifting .room. Up until ;li^9 t;bere was no such sport as weight lifting on the campus, bijt bee student, Raymond Kasznia, got..'the idea that said recreation an asset to both the students and the institution. So he tobk ’ Jtepfe toward getting some sort nf weight lifting fad started, 4^'^ .'hfiW due to Ray’s efforts we have -Weight jifting here as an additiohai activity. - Aro>i4eS Interest ■Now .it seems that; when Rqy Kasznia Came to the University in 19<18, he greatly missed his accustbmed - exercise of lifting weights. He sent home for his set of Olympic apparatus. As most unusual or odd things db,, this set of weights aroused ejuite • a-ihit of intei'est. •A'few lads even went so far as to try jjjicking the things up. Well as time went on, more and inoi-e fellows became interested in the sport, and Ray there and then decided that thiS'SchDol needed some weight lifting apparatus. In 1939, when this first impulse toward weight lifting bigan, Noble Kizer was athletic direetbr of the school, and to him Ray sept his request for the University id adopt woight lifting as a sport. Kizer wasn’t very optimistic abpilit 'Y spending a considerable aiptAiiitj of money for something new fike weight lifting, but he Pl^pj^ised Ray the necessary equipRay could get 75 fellows to^sRO'w enough interest in the sport fd'.fpi’m a Mub. - i.Stay wasted no time in starting a ■members for the new' i''4jii^t'jifting club, and he got his '76 of them. Then when fais own set of Olympic wbilffits fiome, Nobe could do nothing, fifitgiye the Intramural depart-meiifi-.nioBiby 4io procure a new set of ;|(yipight; lifting equipnierit. -(mtmlditttely after the new equiprnapt :^me into being, the club befct^pling meets. A team of iliri V?a6 organized, and strenuto get into shape for Ci^Rbrnioh with more well estabexperienced teams was th|! of . the day. Two meets 4»h^illed with Indiana, one hfw|^#ey 5)he >W»y. The UoiloinfiiikerB won both of them. Tele-
graphic (or you stay at home, we’ll stay at home; then compare records) meets were scheduled with Texas, Duke and some independent teams in the state. The Boilermakers won ’em all. Take State AAU Following the regular season, the team entered the state AAU weight lifting meet at Terre Haute, and won it. Ray Kasznia won the middle weight event, and Jim Hudgens took over in the middleweight division—rnot a bad record for the new team, a perfect season plus two wins in the state AAU. Last year the weight lifters club functioned as a club, no meets being scheduled. This year, of the original 75 members, there are 16 of them still left in the organization ; and two of the five men on the fii-st Boilermaker weight lifting team, Ray Kasznia, president of the club, and Tom Greenwood, vice president of the club are still partieipating in the club’s activities. When the military preparedness course PEM 12 was established at the University, weight lifting was made a part of the course—taught incidentally by Ray Kaszina—and from-, this first acquaintance with the weights, many of the students have become ardent weight lifters; in fact the popularity has increased so much for the spBort that there has been some talk of making weight lifting a minoi- spoi-t. Want to Branch Oirt Ray Kasznia and the other fellows in the weight lifting club are anxious to add new material to the organization. All students—experience isn't necessary—are invited to take a trip down txi the sub-base-ment of the Fieldhocse some afternoon and join in the sport, ask questions, and try lifting a few weights,-and have one of the moie experienced fellows demon-strate a few of the exercises that can be done, and what weight lifting can do for one. Board of Trustees . . . of .the University will meet for their ciuarterly meeting next Wednesday and Thursday in the Executive building.
J'atronize Exponent Advertisers
If you like the Music of LES BROWN and His Orchestra Keep It Coming on Columbia Records
OK—6500 He's A-1 in the Army Baby Mine OK—6377 joltin' joe biMaggio Nickel Serenade OK—6293 Funiculi, Funieula Procession of the Sardar OK—6323 As if 'You Didn't Know All That Meat and No Potatoes OKt-641 4 I Got It Bad , Nothin'
and plenty more hot ones at THE FOSTER SHOP
EAST SIDE SQUARE DIAL 4900
SGOBEE’S S E N IO RS ! Employers are interviewing now— DON’T DELAY — Have application photos rciidy—-Reliable service.
Phone 2343
105 Northwestern Ave.
ANITOXI V ^
Not Just “DRY CLEANERS” But SANITONE cleaners Tliere is a difference . . . Try us and see and feel for yourself, DIAL 7278
IRICAN lA
THINK NOW!
ABOUT YOUR
NEXT SEMESTER
EXPONENT SUBSCRIPTION