f. »
9k ,i
Navy Opens New Training Program MEN UNDER 20 YEARS OF AGE GIVEN CHANCE Eetablished 1889 TO ENTER V-12 ON APRIL 2; REMMERS TO DIRECT Volume 55/ No. 100
e Another Armv Story
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, March 7, 1943
Students of the ^University, under 20 years of age and who are not now a member of any branch of the armed services on inactive status, are eligible to apply for the new Navy College Training Program, known as V-12, which is designed to produce officers for Navy, Marine Corps and Coast Guard. Those’admitted to the program from the University will be
selected after qualifying tests to be given on April 2, it was announced by Dr. H. H. Rem-' mers, director of the division of education reference, who has been appointed Director of the qualifying’ tests of civilians in Region V, which includes the states of Indiarta, Illinois, and Kentucky. Director Remrners pointed out that all young men civilians accepted for the ^-12 progTam will be ordered to college and go on active duty in uniform under miP itary discipline with the I’ating of apprentice seamen, U. S. Naval Reserve. The first group selected is
Campus Will Get 500 Army Men
Trainees May Attain Officer Candidacy Soldiers To Take Courses In Military, Advanced Engineering, Physical Education Approximately five hundred army men from the Fifth Serv-
ice Command are expected to arrive on the campus tomorrow to begin training at the University under the Army Specialized Training Program. Most of the men, who have completed two or more year of college training, will be quartered in Cary Halls and the remainder will be located in the Sigma Phi
Annual Red Cross War Fund and Membership Drive for Epgjion fraternity.
Sne?e?andunive1siUefu^^^^^^ Tippecanoe County will begin tomorrOw after the opening kick- , The schedule is divided into group will be divided into corn-
selected by the Navy, on or about off luncheon. The Student War Council under the direction of ^gj-ms of twelve weeks each
Red Cross Drive To Begin Monday War Council To Maintain Booth In Union During Coming Week
Norman Augsberger is conducting the drive among the stu- interval of one week
which will be under thb command of
Piayshop s Hit The Deck' Cancelled As 1943 Varsity Show Pace Of Wartime Program Cited As Reason For Action
Lt. Col. Hicks, who will have his
July 1.
Who Are Eligible? _
Only the following groups are ties, sororities, co-op houses, residence halls and other organ- enrolled in practically the military training that each man re-
same courses that are now sched- ceives will depend upon his previous
dents and arrangements have been made to contact fraterni- between terms. The group will headquarters in Cary Halls. The
eligible: High school graduates and ized houses. In addition to this preparatory school graduates whO' personal contact work, a booth will have obtained their seven- will be maintained in the Unteenth but not their twentieth . . . , birthday by July 1, 1943, regardless during this week, of whether they are now attending The President of the United college. States has directed that the High school and prepaitory Red Cross Roll Call and War Fund school seniors who will be grad- campaign for 1943 be conducted Juated by July 1, 1943, provided during the month of March. This they will have attained their seven- year’s national goal has been set tpenth and not their twentieth at $125,000,000 as compared with birthday by that date. $50,000,000 a year ago. The quota Students who will have attained Tippecanoe county is $37,000 or their seventeenth but not their almost double the quota of last
twentieth birthdays by July 1,1943, year.
who do not hold certificates of Public Contributions Needed gi’aduation from a secondary school The American Red Cross with its but who are now continuing their manifold services is dependent upon
WAA Elects
Officers
Wednesday Members To Meet In Women s Gym
Installation of the newly-
ed'UCation in an accredited college public contributions and member- elected Women’s Athletic As- reveille at 6:30 a. m. and will close tion of the specialized training or university. ship dues. Each individual contrib- sociation officers and council 10:30 with breakfast, cour.se, the men may be sent to offi Mpre Qualifications uting an amount equal to or ex- mom Wo will Eo liplrl this lunch, dinner, classes and study fill- cer candidate’s school, appointed a:
Furthermore, to be eligible for
Faculty Advisory Committee for Piayshop has announced that “Hit the Deck”, which was to have been presentSed in April, has been cancelled as the Varsity Show for 1943 by the
uled by junior and senior engineers military training. Those who have Purdue Playshop in collaboration with the musical organi-
with one hundred and fity each as- completed thirteen weeks of basic zations.
signed to mechanical, electrical and training or its euuivalent will be The committee has made this decision upon the recommen-
civil engineering and fifty ip chem- given somewhat more advanced ical engineering. military training than those who The work week will include ap- have not completed the basic trainproximately twenty-five hours of ing. All of the men including nonclass and laboratory work, twenty- commissioned officers will be asfive hours of supervised study, five sig-ned the rank of privates (sevhours of military instruction and enth grade) during their training
six hours of physical exercise. Nor- period.
mally the week will terminate at Some Sent For Officers Training 3:30 p. m. on Saturday with the re- At the end of each term, the men mainder.>»pf^^tl^ day available for may be assigned to troops, recomintramural athletic contests. The mended for officer candidate’s school work week will be resumed at sup- or assigned to the next higher term per formation on Sunday. within the ASTP at the same or
Entries For Hanley Speech Contest Due Tuesday, Harch 9 Entries for the seventh annual Hanley Speech Contest for Engineers are coming in slowly according to Bert Squire, manager of the
The daily routine will start with some other unit. After the comple- contest. Tuesday, March 9 is the
dation of Dr. H. Kenn Carmichael, Director of the Playshop, apd Albert P. Stewart, Choral Director. The action has been endoi:;sed by Prof. Frank Hockema, acting president of the University, as consistent with the recent attempts to adjust
I am convinced that the can-
cellation for an April musical production is a wise -move. It represents a helpful adjustment of student activity to the accelerated and rapidly changing
program of the University. Prof. Frank C. Hockema.
the student activities to the streamlined pace of the evei’-changing Uhr*
versity program. Refunds To Be Made
iQot Worlnaarlo\r +ha -fnl , , " , ’ A, ” ’ / , ,, V iiminary wnicn^tai’cs at’/:3U p. m.. Admission to the Varsity Show last vveanesaay witn tne lOl- quate study on the trainees part. Classes % the men will begin six speakers will be chosen to enter was included in the season tickets lowing results: President, Jean From time to time but not to ex- on March 15 and the standards of contest which will be held Piayshop productions and a Brackman; Vice-President, Bea ceed once per term, objective type academic performance prescribed Thursday, March 18 at 7-30 p m proportional refund will be made Buergler; Secretary, Patricia Hen- examinations prepared by the Army by the tral'ning plan provide that A total of one hundred dollars’in on the nights of the performance of ms; and Treasurer, Ruth Rule. Specialized Training Division will the work should be such as would pj.i2es will be awarded to the six “Arsenic and Old Lace” at Eliza The new council members in- be given in such courses as lend be credited toward graduation and ^est speeches. Topics for the speech Fowler box office. Refunds will alclude: Archery, Elnora Skinner; themselves to that type of testing, that all students should meet the ^e any economic subject per- so be made after March 13 upon
autopiatically transferred to the thing In order to meet these needs Badminton, Betty King; Basket- Although the whole program is scholarship requirements of the fac- twining to the war Possible sub- presentation of the “Hit the Deck” V-1^ classification before they go the American Red Cross need ball, Betty Galbraith; Baseball, under the dirertion of Col. Beere, ulty as interpreted by the appropri- are “After the coupons to the box office during the
or ceeding the minimum membership ot v-irt ing in the re.st of the time. technical non-commissioned officers, selection each applicant must be a fee of one dollar is accorded full evening in Tests Given Frequently returned to the troops, detailed for
male citizen of the United States, membership privileges. The Red Women’s Gymnasium and morally and physically qualified (a Cross receives no funds from the will be open to all WAA mem-
minimum of • uncorrected visual government, though on request it bers.
acuity of 18/20), be unmarried and has distributed goods purchased agree to I’emain unmarried until with federal appropriations, commissioned unless sooner re- Our nation needs more blood leased by the navy department. plasma, more surgical dressings. Among those not eligible to ap- more nurses, more women qualiply are the V-1, V-5, V-7 groups fied to care for family sickness at of the naval reserve corps. These home, more specialists for assigngroups, together with the Marine meilt with our armed forces, more and Coast Guard reserves, will be first aid detachments—more every-
Formal elections were held
The examining and testing de- advanced army technical training vices will be arranged by the regu- or in very exceptional cases they lar faculty instructors and tests will may be assigned to technical work be given frequently in order to in- outside the army which is imporsure the habitual daily input of ade- tant to the war effort.
deadline for entries in the contest which is open to all engineeidng students. Engineers should signify their intentions of entering by calling at the Speech Office, University
Hall, by Tuesday.
Contest preliminaries will be held on Thursday, March 11, in room 101 of University Hall. From the preliminary which starts at 7:30 p. m..
into 'active duty. Students, however, funds,
who are in these reserves and have House 'Fo House Canvass
only one semester more of school The campus didve is only a part Golf, Baibaia Sanders, Hockey, will probably be allowed to I'emain of the county drive under the direc- Haiiiett Campbell, Ping-Pong and on inactive status until graduation, tion of chairman Eth Baug’h and Bhuifleboaid, Anna Mae Fickle.
K. F. Dickinson, county Red Cross Other new members are Fi’ances committee chairman. Mrs. R. B. Allen, liflery; Ann Waterbury, Stewart will be in charge of the swimming; Pat Carroll, tennis; ladies’ division who will begin a Markman, tumbling; and house to house canvass this week. Olive Peterson, volleyball. Betty The Red Cross needs all the Katzenberg was made Activities money that can possibly be secured Chairman; Carolyn Wilbur, Pubin order that they may meet the Bcity Chairman; Laurie Wear, additional requirements placed Cabin Chairman; Ann Busby, Memupon them by the war. Officials of Chairman, and Elizabeth the War Council urge all .students Baughman, Summer Coordinator.
A hike and breakfast will be held
Marion Lafuze; Bowling, Emma purposes of administration the ate faculty committee.
Hillaert; Fencing, Billie Nicholson;
Advanced Course
Students
la order that those Advance Course ROTC student may go to Indianapolis Tuesday, March 16, 1943, to be inducted, they must get to Tippecanoe County Board Nq. 2, Post Office Building, Lafayette, and complete their papers by Tuesday, March 9,
1943.
to contribute freely to the coming
campaign.
Do Animals Laugh? Well, . . Horse Creates Piayshop Panic
at 9 next Sunday morning at the
WAA cabin.
University Club Presents Comedy Tomorrow Night
War, What?” “Paying for the hours of 1 to 5 p. m. on week days War,” “Keeping Our Supply Line and 9 to 12 a. m. on Saturdays. Safe,” and “What of the Little According to the committees, the Man?” chief reason for the cancellation of Judges for the contest have not the play is the difficulty in rehearsbeen chosen as yet. Usually a mem- ing with large groups of men stuber of the economics, speech and dents as their position in the crisis engineering faculty judge the con- is inconsistent. Many of the men test. This limit for the prelim- are being drawn weekly into tfie inaries has been set at five minutes armed forces and the casts are alwhile final speeches may be seven ways changing with these deparminutes in length. tures. Secondary to this reason is The sponsor of the contest, W. A. the increasing pressure and work Hanley is a University graduate on the University staff and stu-
who joined the Board of Trustees dents,
in December of 1940. He suggested Has Had Full Season
in 1935 that the University should Piayshop has experienced an exhave an annual contest “so that ceptionally full season with the proengineers would be more interested duction of five full length plays.
By Joe Wendell in learning how to speak cori'ectly.” Three of them have been the reguPersons attending last night’s convocation in the Music He found that among college men larly scheduled productions and the Hall witnessed what was perhaps the best program put on by engineers especially have good other two, “Jim Dandy” and “The
the various campus musical organizations for several years
Ulysical Convocation Makes Tremendous Hit With Large Audience Men's Glee Club Performs Strip Tease; New March Dedicated To AAF Played
have
ideas but seldom can present their Eve of St. Mark”, were benefit per-
, ... , , 1 , ,1 ,, , , suggestions to others because of f or mances for the Navy Relief and Variety and the unexpected marked the convo throughout, their lack of speaking ability. (See PLAYSHOP, page 4)
After being suddenly aroused by the whistling and exploding of falling and crashing bombs, the audience, later in the program was startled to see the
Tomorrow night at 8 in Eliza ^^n’s Glee Club actually reFowler Hall the University Club move their coats, vests, and will pic.senl one of Shakespeare’s even their pants Oil the stage.
Taming of the . •. o u •
guest nightprogr-am. ^^e University Symphonic Charles Lum, generally r’ccog- Band opened the concert With nized as Ameiica’s foremost the First Movement from BeethoShakcspeaien actor, will head the ven’s 6th symphony in C Minor.
which in- Three solo cornet players from the Stokes, a band next demonstrated some of the
This horse, being a perfectly ^^ith a horse in his'lap, and is at persorrality of the legiti- fitrer points of triple torrguing as normal animal, liked to have a good pi esent siring Playsliop for dam- Otto Bruder, a yomrg the program progressed.
Joseph Ragains
J By Bert Squier
horse made history at Playshop . yester-day afternoon. It all started when a stray hor’se wandered into Fowler Hall duiing a
twenty rnirrutes of rollicking neighs ‘-■ornedies. The and horse-laughs, Hugo was so Shrew, as its gi
tired that he immediately rushed to the rrearcst charr to rest and recover. As a result, Mr. H. Burpwcll
dress rehear.sal of IMaphop’s^ new chrektack, who had just dropped in P''oHssional cast, s rpw, rsenre am i acc. .,i,eak preview, found hinrself Kate Pentzer 8
Ironi wouncbciay to ttalurday oi ..
suppi-ess a happy neigh. Hugo’s ef- „cxt week when the production will honored forts went for naught, however, be- 1,0 playing. The box office will be 7:50 p. m.’fl
laugh now and then, but evidently ages. actor with stage and radio experi “Arsenic and Old Lace” is too funny Regular patrons of Playshop Hollywood and San Franfor a horse. Anyway, Hugo, our have no need for alarm, however, as cisco; and Pauline Fischer, a former horse, couldn’t control his emotions Ro.ss Smith director of “Arsenic "'^th seven years’ experience fo)e moi-e than a couple of min- and Old Lace,” has announced that legitimate stage, utes. When Hal Warren playing all measures possible will be taken comedy will be presented in Teddy Brewster I'an up the stairs t,o keep horses out of Fowler Hall ^ streamlined version of three acts, yelling “chai’go!” Hugo tried to Wednesday to Saturday of University Club mernbei’ships
with fqur seats ’fhen the remaining
cause a few moments later he was open from nine to twelve every accommodations will be put on sale rolling in the aisles and clapping moi-ning and one to five in the aft- general public at 50 cents,
his hoofs with joy. e.-noon all week. All seats are reEverything would have been all served and single admission tickets right if the horse had just stopped are the usual seventy-five cents, there. After all, Playshop knows In the nioantime, Playshop is in that “Arsenic and Old Lace” is the desperate need of anyone who can maddest, craziest show they have rojic and tie up horses. Hugo has done yet and no one was surpiised told all his friends about the play even to see a horse having con- anil they are storming the box
vulsions of laughter. BUT—after office.
Exponent- Board
Meeting Tuesday, 4 p. m., in conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station. This includes all junior and senior elected members of the editorial,
sports, and business staffs.
—BUTZ
Play Emrick’s New March Following Friml’s Overture to
“Rose Marie”, the band played Professor P. S. “Spotts” Emrick’s new maich, dedicated to the Army Air Corps flying fortress crews, entitled “The Flying Fortress March”. Judging from the reactions of the crowd, this was the best liked num-
ber played by the band throughout .. . 1 1 1 • the concert. Jumping upon the ■ • • QirectGd UniVOfSlty break strain with both feet, follow- Orchestra at the Music ing a light smooth passage prob- Convocation last night, ably meant to represent smooth ^
sailing, the band demonstrated the
great turmoil than can be brought turned again over the target, for
forth by plenty of brasses and a per- the band repeated the bombing be- Each dog present must be accom cussion section as the “Flying fore the last strain of the march pamed by one person who will act Portress” released its load of took the plane smoothly and vie- as an official attendant, however, attend
bombs upon the enemy. Evidently toriously on its homeward journey, and as many others as are needed pulchritude for which no adouS'
the plane must have circled and re- (See CONVO, page 4) may act as assistants. sion is required.
Campus Dogs To Compete ...
Faculty Will Judge Canine Pulchritude
By Jack Dominik ' ~
Sponsored by the Debris with the The dogs will parade in a circle aid- of many organized campus past the judges stand where they groups, a dog show will be held will be scrutinized by some of the Sunday, March 21, in front of doggiest men on the campus. AH Fowler Hall at 3:00 p. m. The show dogs entered in the show wUl he itself will be judged by various on a leash in order to avoid any-
members of the faculty. undue commotion.
According to the contest rules The prizes will consist of cups every Nfraternity, co-op house, or and ribbons, not to mention lots,of organized group may enter one dog publicity. Divisions in which prizes which must have four legs, at least will be awarded are best all-around six teeth (two incisors, four giind- dog (judged on personality), most ers) a tail or remnant theieof, and unusual, biggest, most attractivei
the correct attitude toward life and and best groomed,
property. Entiy blanks are being sent to The contest will be a hair to hair all fraternities on the campus. For showdown between the much dis- any other groups wishing to sponputed best dogs on the campus, sor a dog entry, blanks will be
available in the Debris office. The general public is invited to this canine display of9
f
Pkge£
Purdu^ Exponent
Sunday, March 7, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices Ediforial and BusineH Purdue Memorial Union> Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhousc, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377 Honorar\ Ld tor Willnm ( \\ ilh tt 0 Color"!
Editor EaRiness Man a,, r News Editor ManaEing- Editor Senior Aiiiertismn Mm aKcr Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Lxecutise
Bale F But? Gerhard H Klouman Uobert W Boswinkli Sallv Berll lames G Petty Joseph S Dawson Jean Iaucr A Jane Keim
Pubiieatio** Staff Editorial Staff Assoeiate Editors r J V k1 J T Rclsrdson T L T Iton W H Tjs n W I V ira 1 n M 1 Sm tl C C Martin doll E Murphy Coed Staff Phyllis Mann Martha Lee Risks Carolyn Wilbur Elaine Ahrens Sports Staff C So vards 1 Acl erman D Shryer R Smith
Business Staff Assistant \dsertisinB Manager T hilpi , „ Advertising Managers J hlcxo C Gn nt J McCulloueh J Talb Circulation Manager P H Kroepl n Accounts Manager! Mary D Its
Editor in Chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Miirdell Sports Pditot Sowards Day Editor Mann Is ue Editor Abbott Workers T ttl 1 res D n n 1 B C K i H If frich Mill ams Speck Mnl on L pe
Entered as oecond class matter at the post off ce in Lafay ette Indiana unler the act of Conj,reRS of March d 1879 and nt the special rate of postage pr vide! for in section llOS act of O Ube 8 191 uthor re I January 20 1922 Publish d on Tuesday Thur daj Fn lay and Sunday moinmgs during the yti i Del vered 1 ally ly earner for $l To for a Bcmester e r $3 00 for two sen c tors bj mail tor $2 00 for a semester or SI f > for two seme te s Represented for nations i 1 rt ing bv Nat onal Adyertis mg Sery ee Inc Coll ge P I lishers Her re"sentatives 420 Madison Ave New York Is Y
Red Cross Drive On Duiing this month the Amciican Red Cioss must raise a minimum ot $125 000 000 of which $37,000 has been assigned to Tippecanoe County Although a poi tion of the drive has aheady been accomplished among the fac ulty and businessmen the leal diive gets undei way toraoriow attei the kick-off luncheon Since the Uni\ eisit\ is an integial pait of this county in which we lesidc students aie ex pected to h^lp laise this sum ot money foi a good and w 01 thy cause During the past few yeais the extia bindens of wai ha\e cast new lesponsibihties upon the alieadj stiained finances of the Red Cross organization and this 'veai’s quotas aie more than double the lequests of last year It is almost impossible to begin to desciibe the many ser\ices peifoimed by this gieat organ iza,tion because they extend into so many dif feient fields and covei piactically the whole globe The Red Cioss has been active on both the fighting fiont and at home, but they have compiled an outstanding lecoid in seivices to the aimed foices They ha\e given diiect help to o\ei 1 500,000 seivice men and their families and have pro\ided many hospital and recreational mom +^"1 service men Thiityone blood doi i Lci s and thirty nine mo bile units have been m opeiation and moie than 1,500 000 pints of blood have been col lected for shipment to the armed foices This blood has plajed so small pait in the saving of many liv es on the batatlcfields which would otherwise have been lost In cases of flood, file storm and othei disasters, the Red Cross is always on the job and the Angels ot Meicy do then pait to relieve suffeiing and comfoit the afflicted We on the home front aie not piivjleged to move with the Red Cioss oi to perfoim its duties We can not shaie in then tiials, tribulations and hardships, but we have a much gieatei stake in then activities It is our duty to see that they hav e enough funds to meet the needs of the organization During this week, the Student War Council is conducting a driv c among the students to gather funds for the Red Cross Fraternities =ororities co op houses lesidence halls and other oiganized rooming houses on the cam pus will be contacted and will be asked to con tribute In addition to this a booth i^ill be set up in the Union This IS not just anothei subsciiption cam paign which should be tossed aside with a minor contiibution The Red Cioss needs join monej and theie can be no doubt that eveiy penny will go foi a woith> cause When the representatives of the Wai Council contact the various houses oi when wc pass the booth in the Union, let us i ive to tho best ot oui ability because it mav not be too lar in the futuic that w“ will be on the leeeivingend ot the Red Cioss meiey It is not enough to say that we will match oi doublt last years con tiibution, because the Red Cioss needs every pennj that we can possibly spaie d e b SuhvksL SiMpSLL. George Washirigfi-on Hand, Jr. ofPdikRidi,! Ill Mas cf mmissionod an Ensi{,n in tin U S Nav il Rrsc \f 111 f Nav 1 An Tiamiiij, Cent( 1 it foiju flu l !<> is iiccnth Ln ij,n Hand Mas a nan bci (1 Sieini Alpl a I psilon social fiatc ni \ at the Uiu cis tj i Inch Ik attin led beiou he volunteered Irr fli,,! t ti i nif, 1 ist I tbi u u \ WiSliam F. Pickering has enlisted in the Uintid St t( s Maiinis and will leteive hife Ktiuit tiaininj. at San D)ei,o ( alil Hib b«m( IS in Lalajette aid hi attended the Um yersity in JS-ll and 1942
qiie mSHMfiTOK tm lt,9 U y P, oil MERRY-GO-ROUMD By DREW PEARSON Jed Johnson Leads Movement To Oust Secretary Perkins; British Labor Group Defies CiO WASHINGTON—C ipitol Hill politicos chesty with powei since they toiced the oustei ot foimoi Pnee Administr \toi Leon Hencleison Tie now hot aftoi the scalp of anothei Administiition notable who has weatheied many stoims in 10 yeais of the Now Deal Then quTiiy is Secietiiy of Laboi Peikins and don’t bo smpi iscd if the Piesulent finally yields to Hill piessuie and gives hci the gate The House Appiopiiations Committee aheady has slashed to the bone i dehciency fund foi the Laboi Depaitment but Miss Peikms enemies in Congiess —and they aie pi ictically unanimous'—don t intend to stop with this slapdown A big seciet lally of Congiessmen who want to get lid of Fanny Pci kins is being quietly aiianged in the House with the intention of picsenting i joint demand foi hei oustei to the Piesident Kingpm of the movement is Representative Jed Johnson, able Oklahoma New Dealer who took Miss Perkins over the coals tor her timid attitude toward absentee ’ war plant woi kers during a recent closed door session of the Appropriations Committee Johnson a veteian suppoitei of the Piesident on both foieign and domestic issues had moie to do with engmeeiing the demise of Hendeison than any mem bei of Congiess It was he who peisuided Speakei R lybuin to lead i delegation to the White House with an ultimatum that if the Piesident didn t dischaige the price chief the House Appiopiiatioiis’'Committee might not ippiove iny fuithei funds foi the OPA Recently some of Johnson s fi lends suggested that the same stiategy legaiding Miss Pcikins who has been in the ban of Congiess fiom the day the Piesi dent ippointed hei The Oklahoma Congiessman w as not only agreeable to the ide i but enthusi istie The anti Pci kins movement is expected to loaeh a showdown in a few days by which time hei enemies in the House hope to h ive enough suppoit to piesent an oustei petition to the Piesident Note Secretary Peikins sent hei resignation to the President in January 19tl but he has never accepted it Mis Roosevelt is one reason whv he hisnt e Bj'sf'ish Labor vs. CSO Its been hushed up but S Waltci Citiine piomi iicnt Biitish Liboi ofliciil is hoppiiu m ul ibout in alleged insult fiom CIO Piesident Phil Mini ly t iti ne ind i Jew issoe ites oi the But sh Ti ules Union Congiess have been in tins eountiy living to uiange a meetii „ of Ameiicin But h ind Rus=iaii 1 boi leideis to discuss w u liboi pioblem Citiine his 1 ul seveial sessions with the API ex cciitive council planned to iiuet with CIO Itideis latei Howevei Mu lay beeime license 1 because the Biitish liboi dclog ition cli 1 not call on bin fast in diieclly notified Citiinc Ih it theie w is anothei laboi oigaiiization in the count y besides the API Cifiint and his assoti ites immediately tailed at CIO offices to straighlen out the misunderstanding and il neeessarv to apologize Ihev v/ere met by tour of the CIO b top officiils Murrav \lltn Hay wood or ganiaztional direetoi James Caiev s^cretarv treas urei and Lee Pressman general toiinsel (itrine explained politely that he had conferred with \rL leaders Inst betaust the AIL had the larg est membership This brought a hot denial Irom Mini a) who contended that the CIO represented the maiority ol the larik and file ol Ameritan laboi Howevei wnei Citiine asked the CIO piesident if he wnild be good tntUali to pioduec his membeiship lecoid Muiiav denn 11 ed We can t do th it I e in give you the niembeisbip li=ts oi some ot oui industiial unions if you insist But we don t mile i pi ictice oi showing on full membeiship leeoids We don t want them to t 11 into the hands of employeis who uc niti liboi One of Citr ne s lientenints became indign int at this What do yon tliiiil wc at Mi Muii ly he ex claimed i bunch ol i its’ We wouldnt tuin ovti youi membeiship list to the employeis Mini ly piotcsted th it lo such implication w is meant but not to the s itisf letioii oi the Bi itish 1 iboi chiefs They aio still nl id • Retraction On Febiuaiy 21 this column included a lepoit ol m appaient bottleneel in the lend le ise plane pio giam Weldon Woith the inventoi of a w nming up device foi aiipline engines was iccusod of dem aid ing loyilties foi the use of the device on planes co bt sent to foieigii eountiies on the lend lease pio giam He gave the invention flee to the aimy and now denies tho chaige of demandiiu loyalties it all In a peisonal lettei to the column Mi Woith st ites that he had nevei leceived payment on any lend lease items 1 ad nevei isked iny and had nevei even stated that he was entitled to my He fuithei st ited that he h ul ciicouiagid the use ot the system without lespcct to loy ilties iiid that the 1 iw him accused of icmind ing the govei nnient ol the necessity of making loy ilty payments h ul not lepiesented him in any way Woith states in his lettei Ihc Peaison iiticle is unquestionably .h seiioiis injustice to my ehaiactei and lepiitation without any justilieition and is thoi oughly libelous He lequi steel that any public ition ol the infoim ition be immediately leti letcei • Merry-Go-Round (. iptain Fddie Ritkenbackei is making it clear to friends that he his no presidential ambitions despite the fact that Ceiald K bmith is huirahing foi him Intidentally most people don t know it but Ritkeii batker aw the hand writing on the w ill as tar as iso latioii is toncerned ind lesigntd from the America 1 irst tommittee on Januaiy lb 1911 neiily one year before Pearl Haibor He felt that the C omnuttee was being used as a politieal football It IS Slid ot Wooeliow Wilson that he w is i pio fessoi suiiounelel by pchtieims and th it FDR is i politicim suiieuneled ly jiiolessois Despite Tom Dewey elis now il tint he will lun in 1944 he has i 1 it (i imbiLiou yoing nen iiound him who seem to think dilieiently It is s uel ol Mulume Chiaiig Kai slick s huge leeiptni that it out civiiieel the Baiueh paity Joi Mi Huiy Hopkins lilends oi lliuimaii Arnold who li ite to see him letiio iiom the Tiustbu ting iing ti tho (ouit of Appeals will t( ndei him a 1 uge elinnci Mai eh 9 (Copyiight 104o by Unite cl I eatui e Syndicate Inc)
J’oihwitup JhjL J'OundaihnA^ Meslcv I oundation will iiau u tale 1 new educational feituie to night when it lumches its Uni veisity of Uhiisti n I iviim foi the puiposc ol I iving studciils an op poitunity to 1 eep them elves in loimed ibout the impoitant aieas of living Thiec classes have been set up as Jollows Chiist in Horae making A Philosojiby Coi the Day in Which Wc I ive Good Neuhlois m the Woili it Joiiniiow Tc leli CIS Ol cooidmatois toi these classes aie Mis Heibeit Mveis ud Miss Iieiie I cldt St ident ehiiimen solving lie Ml mel Mis Ralph Call II Ceeieo B c s and Miilin Espensh lele Because ol this new featuie the time sehc lule ol solved loi the eve ning piog am will bo is folliws fellowship Slip] ei it 5 to p in at C 30 e icli of the thieo cl isscs will meet with the' student attending the class ol then choice 7 ’0 dosing woi&h p in tl e Giea ill A deputation team of live mem beis on the Roger Williams I ouii dafioii went lo the Piist Baptist Chill eh in Pent list Sunday To night Gcoigc PI id will piesent the fiist in i senes ol tills listing until Fastei on Peisonal Religion A cibinet mooting will be held ruoseiay Mai eh IT it b "0 p n m the paison ige Chiistiaii I oundation cut i deputation te-'iii to Moiiticcllo to elav to piesent a woiship pio„iam ind to how movies of the activ ities ol the I oundation Tonight the rounelation will begin a now type of discussion A pioblem pi ly rho Golden Rule ol Com ship will bo incsented aJlei wh eh i hs cnssion will follow en tho pi ly Newman Chib was oi^,a zed to enable tho C Pholic students to be come bettei acquainted with c leh olhei Ths aftcinoon a te i i nice will be ^1 en in St Mu\ s Gym film 2 30 to 00 At thiL time ideas tint nay help li thci le um ol the' oi umat on niav 1 e givei to tie 0 hcoi Cae ettes intcia leel in joining the ell b 1 11\ be on„ it 1 li i cc d ey lie nviteci a lie i fie lea e nice this at lei noon Inlet fci tl o next lieal [ i I V hi h \ ill be 1 el 1 Sm eliy Much 11 m ly be p i chafed at the t« 1 dance the bie Blast oi m lOon 58 si 1 is cn e t the Union
ARC
Problems For Fun lo ficilitate thou c nsideiatioii pi oblc ns should be h inelcel in on epai ite signe 1 sheets befoie 4 '’0 p ni ol the Iiidiy of the weel ol the po tin of the pioblem Inc nde with each solution a gneel stile meiu th it the* sol ition w as obi uneel uiias steel Soluters i e to be handed in it tho Mithomitics Office PROBLl M 9 V „ioup of hens divide tjien luiitaj t as follows The first takes a doll u s iitel the nth iiai t ot the lemaiiielei the second takes 2a dot Ins rnd the nth part ot the le iiiainder and so on each succeeding hen tal nig a elollais moie than his predeecs or end an nth part of the lenainekr In t! is manner the heritage is divided into equal paits How many heirs are theie and how niuth does each receive’ Solution to list weel pioblem Ihc loIlowin„, solution was sub nutted by M Astiahan Let \ ~ volume of ladntoi 1 ot il alcohol ulded — (U + 1 — 10 g Ulon Akol ol boiled off = i gallon 3
Just Looking Around By Jack Abbctt and Jim Richardson All lb not well m the United Nations stronghold The leason lies in the fact that Poland hopes to get the Ukiaine and the teiiitoiy that is inhabited by the White Russians This territoiy belonged to Poland aiound 1750 Poland tiied to regain it again iiist aftei the Woild Wai but was defeated by the Red Army Russia has become yeiy emphatic m stating that she expects to gam m tern — —
Ox 2
Alcohol lemovod =
(\ 2
tory aftei the wai not lose it This IS only right because by the past examples, Poland has ‘'hown that hei minorities will not be giv en fair treatment Pol ind tic itecl hei Jewish Geimin ind C ech mimiities with tlu gicitcst ciuelty ind the only it i son th it we weie not told about it w IS tho piessuit th it w is excited by ceitin hiendly ct ntius on then piess X \ X Hitler s sir itcgy in I umsid has finally been brought into the light J he Nazi leader has been throwing troops into Tunisia m the hope ot holding the Anglo Vmtiican loitcs long enough to foifify the Meditti ranean coast of Euiope 1 he cause loi this action was the belief vvhitli was justified that the British weie verv likely to ittack Hitlei tluenigh the Balkan St ites with the hope of gaming help from the I’lrtisan Aimv of Serbia XXX Ditw Peuson stited in 1 is eol limn i fi V diys igo th it Pinl ind
might accept the peace teims that hive been offcied by the Russi^ans Theie ue i numbei of reasons why the Pinns no not likely to diop out of the w u The mam leason is the p esenee of some seven Geiman di visions in Pinland If the Geimans weie to w ilhdi ivv these divisions as has been stated as likely in a num bei ot ncwspipeis the Russians could move up to the boidei of Swe Ion The Swedes would thus feel confident ot United Nation piotec tion nid could stand up igainst the demuids ol Na/i Geimany It goes without slying that the Geimans need the bwcdi h i on veiy badly
£.C. Elliott
letiiined to Washington yes tciday noon aftei a weeks visit to the campus While hcie Piesident Elliott met with the scnioi class to disruss commencement plans spoke boloie a coed convocation made a shoit tills, at the Ketteiing convo ud itlonded to othci Umvcisity iff Ul "s
10’
X — y 2 \ = 17 54 gillons and 2 97 (im possible)
DR PAULA RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RI^K — DENTISTS — "400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Main Sts Phone 5701
TODAY and TOMORROW
NOTICE
Wc pay 1c each for all hangers in good usuabic condition if brought to our office WEST SIDE CLEANERS
THt tmtUT, Un^tT, uumnr
TODAY and MONDAY
— and — PETER lORRE ILONA MASSEY
SPECIAL MENACE OF RISING SUN —EXTRA'— DEFENSE REEL FARMER IN WAR'
^4 r f
“I’VE GOT a iESSEE FOR YOU. • •
NOW SHOWING
nil Ml 'KEiil Defiant Defenders of America s first Frontier the Gallant 7th Regiment'
AMERICAS MOST HEROIC ADVENTURE' if iS.. Will
n
There’s a great romance coming into your life...
More fun than you’ve ever had before... Yes, it’s all in the stars (Who happen
to be your favorites^]'
mmiFim
in v/«n v.u»iur s own .;$iprrazing sic mm wm mms A Story of Undytity foitfi —
AUTHUIl KENNEDY CHARLEY GRAPEWIN GPIE lOCKHARl DireCtod bv RAOUL WALSH ‘
RayMILIAID
PQyEette GODDARD
u. (A Gladys George and WILLIAM ’'VirguuaField CecdKellaway BENDIX Dircclcd by £11 olt Nugent Screen PUy by Virgimi Van IJpp
A CINEMA GUILD Prcntal <
RELEASED THRU UNITED ARTISTS
m PLMIIIG«6^
JH I
^ A
^^ddy, Mnrcti 7, 1943
Boilermaker Sports
PafseS,
REMEMBER!! Save March 27 For BOILERMAKER RELAYS
Hoosier Scribe Writes Version Of lU Conflict By Chnl Sowarclb Not to be bringing back things that have almost been forgotten, but following IS pait of an account of the IndianaBoilermaker basketball game of a week ago tomoiiow night that was printed in the Bloomington World, a daily newspapei published in Bloomington, Indiana This account was published under the headline, “ROBBERS” —“PURDUE GOES IN FOR NEW SPORT—BOXING ind \MittGn by “The World’s Special Coiiespondont —Roiindy Coughlin “LAFAYETTE Ind Maich 2—Puidues new boxing and slugging teapi, coached by Ward (Biass Knuckles) Lambeit w is flying high today you can say that again The guys thiew moi c haymakeis than Joe Louis did m all 19 title bouts and Bianch McCiacken s Iloosiers couldn t tal e time to throw in any baskets because they w is ducking ill the time fioin the time the fiist bell was sounded “The affaii was billed officially on the piognm as the Indiim Puidue basketball game but if this was i Insl etball gime hcie last night by name ain’t Roundy Coughlin and it is Puidue won the game by a count of 41-38 which scoie don t show nothing when it comes to knocl downs “R; was like most of them games played it Puidue s fieldhouse wheie Lambeit has them cow college lads know they hive plenty of assistance m case they get punched in the kissei foi ill thit lough stuff Funny thing IS that they nevei stait that stuft in Bloomington wheie the Hoo sie^s have plenty of coinei men and whit we cm t undeistand is why Plg'gy sets on the bench hi e i lamb when his bo'vs get diubbed in the mW in Bloomington and then gets ants in his p ints at Lafayette foi a little guy he’s some jokei “A little sqiiiit who some cow college lostei said was named M ix Biggs got tough with Johnny Logan and when Logan used his elbow to bieal a head lock and Biggs was spilled flit hi e on his mug he got up and put a flying tackle on the Indiani boy who hid stepped off the flooi to le tlieve the ball which by this time hid bounded into the bleacheis A couple of them faimeis swung on Lop in like they w is tossing hay ind you can talk without stuttemi when you s ly th it this guy Logan am t easy pushed aiound He swung some h ly too ind when it looked hi e he needed some help Waid Williams stepped in ind then El Ehleis stepped in too, but he s soiiy foi that tod i\ no i oubt because that big Colfax boy chased Ehleis up to Thointown ind letuin the compliment and how “Aftei Biggs put tint tael le on Lo{ in thev put it up to the offiei ils and MeCiaeken said to let both of them pli^ but Pigf y told them to thtow them both out of the gimc which w is i good tiade foi Lambeit since that Biggs don t amouiio to is mueh is i pinch of silt ind sill ain’t lationed and Logan is Big fen all stu stufl one of the slickest the eKperts say and they aic the ^uj s who 1 now not mo “If the Big Ten don t get sonm good offiei ils litei the w ii this heie loundball spoit will get oown to the suivivil of the fittest ind them fatmei boys from 1 if lyctte iie stiongci thin tnc smell of then igii culture college oxpciimentil 1 um p istuic intl I ve smelled the best “The funniest scene of the boxing m itch w is the one stiged bv I am bert and the guy who s supposed to b I is lioss the fell iw ninud (luv Mackey When Mickey tiied to cool oil I imbeit the littl „iiy with ti big mouth gave plenty ol the 1 ittei ti the icdhcided fellow who signs his checks and when i ou do th u it i 1 1 e til iiig I uns iw ii, ii mi the baby oi something like th it As Long As They Make the hxeiiscs We don't mean to be infciiing inithnv liiit we womlei wheie Roindj Coughlin tool English composition Also it might ne I \ \ i le^’ to mention this but the little fi i\ insiile of the li ly I I \I n 1 i> w is the third that the peace lovint Iloosie is h 11 t kci p itinth leu once agiinst Wisconsin—the B idgei squid w i'- he othc i tc im tli it helped mai the neai peifeet IIoosici leeoid uid ig iin ip mist the low i te im This wiitei his been keeping piettv el e tib on ill the Boileimikci basketball games foi the list thiee ^e ii i d t us w is the fi st wheie any opposing te im di iihived cnoigh il the t^pe it spoi tsm inship chat instills the desiie to slug to aiouse iin Boilei n il ei enough to e luse th s desiie to oveiflow In the fiist p 11 igi iph RouiicL si 1 son eth n,^ ibout Ihe Hoosieis he mg too busy ducking fists to shoot St itisties show th it thej shot 79 times, II of which they m idi Ihe Boileimal cis m in ige 1 to squeeze in 18 out of bO shots Mi\be it could be the t let th it the I imbeit eo iched squad bioke up eonsideiable ot tlie Iloosiei pi ivs niidwiv on th flooi that made the Hoosiei g ime loci is i igged is they seemed to think it did Naughty Naughty According to the aiticle liom the Moild Max Bipgs sneiled up to Johnnie Logan and slipped i he id lock on him when Log in w isn t lool ing Usu iHv it takes moi e th in i jolt w ith the elbow to luc il iheidloel and that s all Login did to Bigps just jolted him i little with his elbow If anyone else saw th it headloek pie iso send i desei iption ol it to Cl uide Reock Boileimikei wiestling eo ich lie uses th it stufl We soila hate to stop hei e biittheic is i itioning on ehoiee things these days, and maybe a little ol it hid bettei ipply heie eyed h ite to s ly anything lash like anothoi guy we know did one time Ahem
Riveters Take Third In Conference Wrestling Meet; Indiana Takes First Most Valuable Swimming Title;
• The BSoomisigton World's Version If you h vent is yet icid the Bloomington Woild’s veision of the Indiina Puidue g ime appeuing on this page, be sine and to do so Altei leiding that 1 ind ot journalism one os oveicome with eithei oi both of two nituial leactions—getting mad as h oi becoming com pletely disgusted Evei since we have been old enough to pick up a newsp ipei we have nevci seen such a slandeious ill wiittep contraiy to fact stoiy is this one by the obviously self centeied Roundy Coughlin 9 Criticize Lambert And Ehlers Ills ciitieism of Lambeit and Ehleis seemed especially unfaii Any CO ich oi' playei who wouldn t have the guts to stand up and fight foi mcmbeis of his own teim and foi his school would be either inhuman Ol just i plain sissy Eoi i tiue Boileiniakei this should go double when evei in Indi in i team is copeeined Coughlin’s statement that Lambeit w IS afiaid to say inything it Indiana but wasn t up heie was entiiely wiong We saw that Indiani game down theie and can honestly say that Lainbei t was his usu il self Piggy would fight foi Pui due if theie wasn t a peison behind him • Coughlin Belittles Official We igiee that the ofhei itiiig w isn t the best in the woild but the finest aibiti itois in the countiy would have plenty of tiouble v\ith any Indiana Puidue g ime Coughlii using no ticl whatsoevei unneces siiily belittled the two officials He especially lode Gibbs blaming him foi both the Rnetei ind Wisconsin defeats (the only two the Hoo sieis lost in Bi Ten jil ly ) ® Fans Get Baased Report Of Game It seems i sh ime thit i newspapei such as the Bloomington Woild liuing no le il connections with Indiana Univeisity should tiy to iiouse ill feelin ind contempt between the students and fans of the two schools Ihe Bloomington leidcis not hiving seen the g ime natuially believed most of what Com him s ii 1 We 1 ind of imigine that if they had seen the game they would 1 i\e thought difleiently ® Contrast Between The Two Aftei the fust Indian i gime down it Bloomington Goidon Giahini spoits editoi of the Lifayette louinil Couiiei is you all know did not eiiticiZG noi belittle the Indian i te im but i ithei told of then fine shoot iiig ind team pliy He wiote of the mistal cs which e lused the Boilei mikeis to "O down in defoit Notice the contia t between this attitude ind that of the Woild s Coughlin
Player Award Given Soon The winnei of the thud annual WGN tiophy as the most valuable basketball playei in the Western Confeience will bo announced by Jack Biickhouse on WGN Satin day Maich 13 on the spoits leview it 6 15 p m The playei selected by a eominit tee of 23 headed by Majoi John L Giiffith, Big Ten diieetoi and in eluding ten officials of the league the ten coaches Biickhouse and Giayle Hewlett WGN spoits ed itoi will be Intel viewed by Buck house and will tell of the highlights of the caieei that led him to the Big Ten s pieniiei individual awaid Biickhouse is euiiently announe 111-, the individual most v iluable pliyeis as selected by the Big Ten fives The list of ten names will be completed Mai eh 8 follow in,, the basketball banquets it the vaiious unive “dies E ich pliyei chosen as his schools most valuible will be piesonted with i miniatuie ,,old basketball with a laised school let tei in un veisity colois Names placed in nomin ition thus fai include Andy Phillip Illinois Rudy Lawson Puidue John Logan Incliina Ben fuel oy low i ind Ken Exel Y isconsin Gene Knglund of Wisconsin won the iniuguial awiid in 1041 and John Kotz ot the same school was piosented with the actuil size gold basl etball as the Western Confei eiice most valuable in 1942
Michigan Takes Title In Big Ten Track Last evening in Evanston, 111, Coach Claude Reeck's Boilermakei wrestling team relinquished the co\ eted title of Big Ten Confeience wrestling champs to Billy Thom’s squad of Hoosier grapplers The Boilermaker team had four men entered in the final matches of the meet, only one, Frank Ruggieri, being able to pull thiough to claim a title Frank’s win this wear in the heavyweight division was a -
Basketball Floor Put In Storage
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
By C I AVendell Wiiile blousing thiough the Boil (I ml ei Fieldho i e vesterday look in, foi place to hide aftei the C Ol D I Dll ION of Exponent the pi lee hil an altogelhei diffcient appo nance — the hleaeheis woie down the basl etball flooi w is lying like jiaiLs of a lug e jig saw puzzle iiound ovei the giound nid A1 Tei tseh eoeiptain of the tiack te nil w s woi 1 ing out Well won Ici whit they le ,oiiig to do w ith that stuff unquote Theie w IS i ood sized new ot men mill ing iboeit ovei the pieces ot the flooi heie ind theie theie weie a tew missing Piel in, out the man doing the least woil foi the foie min I siunteied up to this eigai smoking ,entlemni nime Tim Smith in I asl od whpt w is cool in 1 he mswei I obt lined wis the solu tion to the piollem of what he comes ot the Boilei milci bisket ball flooi at the close ot bisketbill se son V Rogul ir lig S nv Puzzle It seems thit fins b isl etb ill flooi IS (iLiito i complicated piece (oi pieces) ol equipment Ihe flooi T 1 0)101 is ill the spe c t itoi s sc cl but bene ith the (looi theie ue ibout 110 wooden pi ml s thit the
repeat of his perfoimance last yeai The results of the team winnings aie as tollows Indiana first with 28 points, Michigan second 22 points Puidue and Illi noib tied foi thud with 19 points Iowa fifth with 12 points I (lose Ivo Rivcteis In Prelims Pioceedin,s m the meet got undei way last Fiiday atteinoon with the piehmniaiy eliminations Heie the Boileiniakei squad ot six men was lessened to toui when M11 ion Stackhouse 1 io poundei mil Rog Clasemin 155 poundei weic elimin itecl Claseman was de loited by Jim V* ill enson oi Indian i who went on to tike the title in the 155 pound dnision In the semi hnil lound all tom ol the Boileimikei entiies took an othei stiide toiwaid in the di ee tion of the title D inny Nettcisheim 13b poundei dcleated M Klein ol Michigan Velm ii Divis dete itecl H Mad Miehi,an Waiien Evis ton deteated Dean McN illv Mmne sota ind Piank Ruggieii cleteited Bill Ivy \oiihyvestein 1 iiials Didn t Go So Hot In the final louncl ot competition Situiday aftei noon the Boilei makeis lost thiee heaitbieal eis Danny Netteisheim lost to Chestei Robbins ot Indiana I to 1 Danny defeated Robbins once this se ison Velmai Davis lost to Tom Smerclel ot Illinois 5 6 Eailiei in the sea son Davis defeated Smeidel sound
flooi sets on yvhich in tiiin set on cement pieis that lun noith and south acioss the Fieldhouse flooi Beneath the cement theie is about 8 000 miles ol solid soil loek and some othei stuff The flooi itself is made of about 110 1x4 pieces of floiiiig tied togcthei with boaid stiips ind seieyvs That s toi the flooi noyy y\hat becomes of if Ovei in the south west coinei of the hieldhouse theie IS i sm ill detachable loom It looks file the lest of the flooi when the w ills lie down It is in this com paitment that the basketball play giound spends the summci It s I ussy Doesn t I ike Watei Ihe pieces oi the flooi aie slicked in thi^ rubide m i y\ay that jilciity ol 111 can ciidilate betyveen them the yy ills aic set up ind theie the flooi stays till next yvintei with no ittention except foi the legulatioii of the tempeiatiiie Iheie IS a speeiil uidiatoi inside the walls to keep d unpness it a lespeetful distince Should the flooi become d imp ind yyaip it mi,ht e ill loi i neyy tyle of haul wood teehiiique entiiely—up ind doyyn hill oyci in S shipcd play ing flooi Pi Kappa Phi Defeats Alpha Chi's In Chess Fiatoinity^ Viluis Oflico an noiineod tod ly thit Pi Kipiii Phi lele itecl Aljiha Chi Rho lo tike the lies ehimpionship Winning two lid lisiim Ol e game ol the finil il itch Pi Ki]) tniec m n team y\ i inniuneecl yictois This m itc i eoi eluded an elimi latio i Louina ment between twenty to/(i tia tci nity tc ims 1 he Alph i C lii s y\ on the touinimont list yeai
Chi O's Trim Kappas In Fem Bowling Match Highlighting the dieaiy Satin day afternoon tollowing piom was the boyvling m itch betyveen the Chi Os ind the Kappas Ten footworn and groggy females five fioni e ich of the two houses to be moie spe cifie Mary Gee Beverly Baker Betty Cantley Ginny Armstrong and June Spandet of the Chi 0 clan and Dottie Canfield Jo Gardner Moren Chestnut Elenore Clark and Casey Hoskinson of the Kappa elan—wandered down to the bowl ing alleys picked up bills with what little strength they had left and rolled them toward the pins This went on for the best part of the afternoon. It wasn t so much skill that pic (lominited in the final scoie hut yvhich teams yyas ofl game En com aged by the cheois fiom the ATO looting section the Chi Os liteially syyept the g ils tiom the Big White house with no fiont poieh oft then feet \y inning yyith the enoinious suiplus ot ninety odd inns Dick Wittenbraker Made Hoosier Captain Branch McCracken's Indiana bas ketball squad his n lined Dick Wit tenbraker, a junior guard from New Castle as a captain of the Hoosier basketball squad for the 1943-44 season. Dick succeeds Irvin Swanson who was the team captain for the 1942-43 season.
ly The Boilei makei co captain en teied the meet with a painfully in juied elboyv that took X-ray o piove sound Warren Eviston lost to Harry Traster, Indiana, and Frank Ruggieri defeated his old friend Alex Agase of Illinois 8 4 Other Titles As foi the lemaining titles, Dick Kopel of Michigan took the 121 pounds Bob Brunner, Indiana, took the 128 pound division Manly Johnson Michigan took honois m the 145 pound dnision and Jim Wilkinson Indiana won the 155 pound title Only tyyo ot last yeai s champs yyeie a„ain entered in this year’s coi test Manly Johnson of Mich igan and Frank Ruggieri of the Boilei mikeis Both oi these men lepeated then vie cones Big Ten Swimming Last night at the Upiversity of Noithyyestein the Ohio State syy miming team biought a sudden end to the foui yeai leigai of Mich 1 an as Big Ten syvimmmg champs yy heh they 1 nocked oft the defend ing W olvennes in i close con test Vliehigan took a close second place ->■ Big Ten Track Michigan made up foi the defeat it the hands of Ohio State in the eonteieiice syy imming meet by beat m„ out the tiack squad repiesent ing the same school to take first in the Big Ten confeience track meet tn it yyas held at the University of Chicigo Fiiday and Satuiday
'Purdue Relays' Promises More Thrills Than Barnum's Best Three Ring Circus
By Watson and Lipes
Plans foi the “Puidue Relays” aie slowlv lorming into concise form and the event, which will take place in the Boilermakei Fieldhouse on March 27, pi omise to be one of the most spectacLilai sports show s e\ er presented in the Fieldhouse Relays oiiginatoi Coach Heiman Phillips, plans to run the shoyy on the same oidei as a thiee iing circus—his slogan be-
ing-, “neyer a dull moment” -
Coach Phillips, tormeily head Full details of the contest in -which
tiack coach at Butlei University at Indianapolis, is also the oiigmatoi of the famous Butlei Relays Those who have yyitncssed the Butlei Reliys in past yens yyill yenly the f-iet that the Phillips lun leliys aie last nioy ing speeticlos thiill p lel ed liom
stall to finish
Entiv Blanks Sent Out At the piesent tune ibout 2o oi 50 colleges uid univeisities hiye le
the queen and her court will be chosen hay e not been decided upon as yet but the announcement will be nude in the very near future Theie is still a slight possibility that Coineluis Waimerdam, the na ion b outstanding pole vaulter, will be ible to attend the meet In a lettei to Coach Phillips, he expl lined that he yvoiild accept Phillips inviition to attend the meet it he came eist to attend the K of C meet to be held in Cleveland on
cepted invii itions to compete in the Much 26 ind ilso if his draft sta
LIKE YOU NEVER DID BEFORE -jirAAAAiir ☆☆☆☆☆☆☆ ☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
Support the JAPANAZI SINKING FUND
WAR SAVINGS BONDS S.STAMi>S
— KEEP PHYSICALLY FIT —TRY DANCING P M ALLEN NATIONALLY KNOWN INSTRUCTOR BALLET CLASS FOR HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS AND CO EDS OPEN SATURDAY MARCH 27 11 00 a m TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNEP S Wednesday March 24 6 15 p ni dOycANCED Thursday March 25 6 15 p m Alt Children s Classes Open Sat March 27 th ALLEN'S SCHOOL of DANCING Sixth and Ferry Streets
Reliys ind eiitiy bliiil b yyeie sent out list yycek This includes ibout SIX 01 eight Conteienee behools in iikiitioi to such poyyeilul ciiidei squids IS Notiw Dune Vlichig in Stale incl lexib to mention i ley\ Vkhou h teviin le ly s y\ill domi 11 lit ihe eyetil theie yyiU be iisy eitnel s cv i il iiitst iiuting inch y dll 1 ICC lid lid 1 yenls I Ol iei 11 ue e eiyoi e 1 to n pi L yityy 1 the h y\ it i pluiud ti ncyc tit li cl lit turn unlti th I lit ny do 11 t tht ttnu i II s yy ill nc t s u u tl t sii itti iiig c t tht li tl t It tenth 1 i iiilt n t lishiuiyyiy y\ ill j i I bly uii 1 i n IK I 1 iht L tt tilt Pit' Ihc u c 1 c 1 y uilt iu,l iu 11) III 11 i 1 )umii (It y 11 ill b
pi uc 1 1 1 p lit I be 111)11 I It \ t
(Juttnu —
\. Rd u (tutti
ini
w 1 tit they yy ill ytiytii )it tic
\ti ill
ultn 1 u y il
Eiery/lhtng for a C oUege Edut ation DEACS
tus did not chingt in the interven
ing tiniL
It s Lp lo the NayV Only list yveek it was announced thit W irmeitlini hul been given a commisbioii is Ensign in the Navy mil thit he yy ib to lepoit for bin booc tl lining on M ueh 13 In view ot this W inieuiuiis ittendance at tl itk ind held e iziuy ils in the fu tuie yyill bt entiidj up to the Navy W ith the \ uy s leeeiit innounce lent thit thtii ti antes would be illowtii to put tip ite in collegiate iihletit tmttsts htie is aliiayb tht d intt till W uiiitidam yviU be lit \t i t) uctn 1 those meets, to whith he is myittd is i lepiesen I t t th L ^ \ ivy Spttiil [\tiits Planned Whit tit usu il ttaek and held Vents t ly Meet will piedoixu II itt va It us sptti il mteiest events y h b cited thioughout H I u t pi lyidt thrills and tl nut 111 toi tht spectators du ltd HI this list will be the “wiill t ding tjnitst which wtU detei11 1! t ihe y\oild ehunpion in this ivtit ind dbo the inee to detctmiTu bust balls fastest {>printel Stvti il otlui special events are uig lounulated1
t '^1
Purdue" Exponent'
SunSay, March 7, IPS'
Sigma Phi Epsilon Gives Up House As Army Moves In Other Houses Will Meet Needs For Rooms For Army, Navy
I>\ Jean Yargai
College life in the Sigma Phi Epsilon house, as in many othei fraternities, is fast coming to and end The i apid change Inch Will soon be seen in man> of the houses on the campus has now begun \\ ith the Sig Eps Othei fi atei nities on the campus realizing the need of looms for army and navy trainees, know that they too vill soon need to mo\e out bag and baggage Therefore, we piesent this
GmAm SEAR fT
By Lichty
Notices
storj, both humorous and serious, to that which is to come. Bj Sunda\ eveiyone is to have moved his belongings elsewhere The long process of moving hvs bcor slowed up bv Uni versitv invcntoiie^- lut all will be completed In Satiiidnv night A few of the bovs have taken a pai ticulai liking to the house’s clniis but as thev aie a little haid to smuggle out in bioad davlight thev wnll piobablj continue to fuinish the army vv ith comtoit Most of the students lequiicd to move intend to live aioiind the Un ion it possible Some will live in other fiateinitv housev Finding a pi ice to live isn’t too easy and a few ot the bo^s consid ered rooms in the Fovvlei which has its obvious advantage No Smoking Vllowed Some people who vent looms aie veiy particulai about the peisons who live with them At least one Sig Ep IS well avvaic of that A.s he looked at the laige sunlit loom, almost leadj to saj that he would take it, the landladv lemaiked that the last boys vveie enconiaged to leave, because of then loughness The> had been a little too wealing on the fuinituie She went on to say that as neithei she noi hei hus band smoked, the-\ did not expect anyone to smoke in the loom That was enough toi the Sig Fp He found the closest exit The houses lequiied to move have found the pantiv shelves well stocked with “victuals Banquets with cnickcn and ice cioam have been making the boys feel like kings with all the lation books they want Rumoi has it that even wine accompanied 'ome ot the banquets Manv aie movi g now and even moie will hdve to leave latei The ncighboi will uncioubtedlv hive a little quiete time but the bov s aie leallv going to inns the noise and fun of being togethei Thev aie glad It is onlv foi the duiatioi
The Ratio 3.55... to 1
Convo
(Continued fiom page 1'' Two Pieces Bv Sousa Also on the band piogaam weie two numbeis of the gieat Amen can bandma'-tei and composed, John Philip Sousa The Spmphonic Band plajed “King Cotton”, ind ‘The Stars and Stripes Foievei ’ Duiing the last stiain of the lattci maich several mcmbeis of the oiganization came foiwaid on the etage to pla> while giant ■spotlights pla\ed upon two Ameiican flags held mai the edges ot the ■-tagt bv two bind members Opening the second half of the convocation, the Univcisitv Con cert Chon diiceted bv A1 Stewart sang foul numbcis ‘0 Lovelv Heart “Tices The Shigh mil “Homing In keeping witli the “diffei entnes^ ’ ot the wliole eve ning s pi0r,i iin the (oneeit f hoii ^toOd in 1 nov el ^ti i aiue me nt on the stage Instcid ol the inual thou aiiangement the o _miiz lUon wa in gioiips ol thite (i tvt with tin men stc ndiiig be tw < < n il c w omen in ( leh ca e and '.pie.id out o (i im entile plattoi in Beivs Rtniovi I’anls The next put ol the ))io„iim tinned out to be the me t lioel mg of the whole (venin. is el I m veisitj Men Cite Chib ifui jk senting thice ntinbeis in then us till stvle id't'lv iLiim I bul to the dav s of th ii oiith lemoved then tuxedoes and ijpeiied in short pants anc’ bow tie to mg “Ave Mai la ’ m bov so))i u o voice To make the enail e eompl le Stewart left the snf,c while i long hailed maestio diiecte el the loup The Univeisitv oiehcs la u el the Universilj fhoii each had i shue m the itmaineiei of iJu eoneeit These two oi gani/ations eoml me I to piesent the finale oj th evenn the “Ode to Anui le i
Phi Mu
■-oeia' hele' Inen IVjundei’s IJav elmnei on \Iaieh <1 Chapte 1 nieinheis mei tlie ioe il Alumni (lull wene jnesent aiiel aji piopnato seiviees weie held
MHLW I begin the eolvum todaj with the smceie wish that all my leadeis have lecoveied Horn then pioni hangovcis bettei than I Howevei, let us get on with the stoiy, since a lot has happened since I last ap pcaied on these pages MIXl P I wonclcicd too, deai leadcis when I looked thiough the piom papei Fi idav night and noticed that Beta Bob Pitchei jvas appaiently 'ittending the atlau with not one but two dates In diffeient places the papei hid him eseoiting Theti pledge Nanc> Robertson ind Pi Phi Marge Miller, lespeetivolv Ihe leal stoiv IS that the soioiuics send in a list ot who then gills aic going with to the Expo Since Pitcher at one time had a date with Miller, the Pi Phi s natinally sent hei name in md since Pitchei m his pin out on Robertson the Thetas sent hci name in Ihe whole thing ended up with Pitehei getting his pm back and going to the piom with ncilhci of the two gals mentioned Talk about dual pci-onalilios' PIN/ In c iso some oJ \ou have won deied whose pm jnettv Viigmia Fcnteis o' the West Desk is wcai ing 11 I J3clt King (ole s Othci pins which hive ^oi e out but le cenllv no DTj Dick Blaeivn ill s (now m ihc An Coi|is) on A.li)hi Chi )iled,.e Helene ( hand and cn ma Nu (aiol Jones on Bettv Flete inovci pledge oi the me nousi (I w ai t \ oil to notiec th it J h i\ t n t once e illed iiem tnc ji sion jiit gn -• \ cL on leci i lu of w is v ci v piet ilv ' o(]i f s e d o' i > hv 11 di i till "'i u V lane Snider Howevei I wilt ill VOL n en Lo iiiov th d tnc II s 11 I tn t cn in.,o(l an ) MOHf 01 i HF & \MI List mg't h ici Us na e ol lOmiKc to 1 ('JuLcn of tie bill \nnie Osf’aiidci i ccei ed i iwi v lei tiom hei evci f i tiiul pm mai L unbd t Chi loc Diwson C oi Us \nnie rnshman he i i v qiucn Donna lecvci al o sucumbed ind tool the Phi f tub id t oi I oins Oil To finish lhin.,s ofl wc must mention the maina.,e ot Noun rtisbergci to Louise Blown of Southwoi th ,, line So long kiddies Gopher Athletic Leaders Serving In Armed Forces Minmajiolis Mai 1 — I ightecn Univcisitv of Minnesoti ithktie stall membtis ue scivin., tin limed f 01 et s I lie comp'eti li I is as lollows Du( Biiielma wiisllnv licuteii a> i n the nav v Ik it 1! islon 1 lot In'l 1( ten lilt Loloiul in flic iiiiiv Be me Bicinii 1 lotb ill lieiiten nit eo! mcI n tin niaiines Ilovd Bovet ti iinei pi iv ate fii si el iss in the n mv 1 d Biiile b tscliall lieu tei 111 1 1 the n IV V Ml! e ( lelusal Ijisleihall lieutemiit in the nivv 1(1 Iliislel 1)0X111-, lieutciiinL in t le I IV \ M il le Ion son vv i e tb 1 I 11 vn in the ii iv \ Vei n il I e^ on ic(il ill lieuteniit in lit
nav V
\iui Still riiev (jO J I in' n 1 lel Ihh tii di lie 01 in i oi in I he i m\ \I itn u < 0 ink inn,. lie itf i nil in 1 m n i\ \ fit ) e Ott( I lies 0 u I Ik t( 11 1 i K I 1 V J )hn R n lo ) 1 1 ' ( mU n ml in Im nav \ Mu 1 lull n)i|) i h ( til dll ((loi 1 live it 111 h Cl i-,n in the n i\ V Its ( xi) I oc ic 1 ii u I in 1 1 i e 1 'tile nant < o'l iiel m ihi < IV I ni I pc o) I lov d Sit in 1 inn Ik lU n nt 1 1 t) e nv\ 1) il 1 is \\ 11(1 iootbill lieutenant in tin I a\ \ \ ( I 'j oiii ha kt tb ill In u len n in tin n i\ \
Buy War Bonds And Stamps
On Wednesdav Maicb 17 Chailes Bud seeietaij of the tlumni gioup of the Indiana riiela chaptet of Phi Delta Theta sociil liatei mty has innounced that a spec lal dll nei will be hell in\ edebiation ot the founding ol the el'iiptei titty V cais ago ^ Two 5tnviving mcmbcis ot the oiiginal gioup who icreiveel the chaitci on Maich 17 189) have been invited to the dinnoi They ate I lank C Lingcnteltci of In'dianapolis ami Melville M Wells piolessoi of civil enginccving at the Institute of Technolo,,v m Chiea-,o Invitations have also been sent to alumni ol the eh iptei all ovci In diana and to the mcmbeis ol the
Geneial Council
To Condud Heelings
Specialists liom the Inivcisuv vv ill eoi diK t i e I les <1 i ml t iGgional ndusliiai pioteCLion ein lei cnees which will tike u)) the emei ..ciiev steps oi plint inotee tion in combittm w ii -.ises uid high explosive uid intendiuv (lombs 1 hesc eonitieices will I 'ithl aftci Much 8 in list fhictgo South Pentl Ivol omo Indi in i|iolis Blooniiiuton (onncisville leiic Haute and Ivinsvilk WuiK riniions (t the Lnivei sitv Public Saictv Instuu'c si ift will s])e il on 1 issi e otective mca lies and he will ho in eh u t ol the schools ( ol W 3 lohnston oi 11k ( he lie il M ii i ii t Div is on ol the U S \ mv wh > i in cii u ot the civilian piotictioi litinii-, Sshool heie v lU ilso be oiu ot the spec kei s
‘TceLjitl— Auslialia—Aiiica I m leadv fot wheievei they’re sending ihs—I caii sav ‘Hi. babe in hab a dozen languages ” Pre-Rusli Regisfrafiou idWS To Hold
Conference ] o)lo\\ up ol Ihc vot itionai cop
lcicnc( pon o c(ib\ \\\S last Fall rt lo be held next Wennesday Much 10 \\ 1 0 clock in the last ] acuity I oim e oJ the Union At Ihi nicctinc. Mi Ilastinc,^ ol tin I vli h dcputnicnl wil) sp^. ik on
Icttcis ol DiiSinc s Apfilicalion Ihi IS tile tinu th it sucli
in itt'^miit ins been made lo caii\ on the wo 1 ol tnc \ocatioiuI con tcicnco \o ionnal chtcluk foi the (tiici ^pcalci's b s \ct been p It nc<l Spe il CIS UG to be not only piote^soi on the cimpis bui oth
CIS c \l\\
AH Women Students The St Louib Girl
Scout Council 13 in need of girls to work in Ihoir camp this summei Jobs available are unit lender, assistant unit loader and water front directoi Any one intenstcd ahould telephone or come in to the Placement Serv-
ice foi Women (2955) immediately
—PELDT
All Students Anyone interested in work inj? on the sta^e properties make up light efteets or costume crews for Aiseiiic and Old Lace sign the sheet on the bulletin board opposite the ticket ollice in fowler Hall immediate^ —LESiER Lutheran Students Devotional mectinR: next Sunday c\rnmg in the Union room 307 nt 7 30 Guest speaker will b< Dr C B Harry he id of the Lutheran Students of Amtrica Ever>one is invited to attend - WALLACL Dolphin Club Regulai meeting next Tues dn> March 9 at 7 16 p m in room 104 of the rieldhousc Everyone should be present for foimal pledging —SMITH All Advanced Military Studenta POMM smokci has been postponed to March 11 Capt 1'ie‘il Ordnance Department will speak on Officer s Candidate School at POMM Smoker room 356 Union building Thursdav March 11 7 30 3) m This meet mg should be of pnme importance to all Advanced Militiiy Students Plan to at tend Unifoims need not be worn —PHILLIPS ^ I uthcran Students Sunday March 7 we will hold a souial meeting it the home ot the pastor 626 N Ninth stix'ct at 7 30 Every om Ls wilconu ind i good time is inBUicKi
WALLACE
Gilder Club There will b( an open moot in^, Tuesdny Mach 9 in the Union All interested m becominf. Glider Club m^m bers lie invited — 5ALISBUR\ Nowcan ( lub A te i dance and card pnity imII b( held Sunday Maich 7 m St Mni> s gym frtm 2 ^0 lo o 00 RefrcNhments Avill Ik served Bung your Catholic friends 'ind make it a success ~ AUI F Purdue Christian houndataon Tryouts f)r i p igc int invihing largely 3>antomime iction will be held at the 1 ound itiun house Sund IV fi )m 3 tt I i m If you iic in terested but un ibl to b( iiresent it the tunc design it(d cell lean Woods ( 133L lor sieciil qipeintmtnt —WOODS Military Students A gioup ol two uds I th Armcied I one will Ik shown in thf I I bill ding loan 129 m Wedne da\ <\c r HU t 1 )) in All nulilirv tuUnts nii iiuit d tj uteiul Session will last ib) it n h)ir MAUU
Delta Rho Kappa Important meeting on Thursday March 11 nt 4 16 p m in Union. Elections of pledges Room will be announced latei — BOSMA Purdue Engineer All staff member aie expected to meet m the Office on the nights of Monday and Tuesday March S and 9, between the hours of 4 and 6 SO p m
—kimbrCll
SCA Board Important meeting Tuesday,
Much 9 at 7 SO p m Plans foi banquet md open house discussed Bo sure your
hou^c lb represented —ANTONACCIO Alpha I ambda Delta Pledging of new
members will be hold Friday Mnieh 12,
at 9 30 m the Union - RIGGS Scabbard and Blade Ball Committee.
Regular meeting at 0 45 Tinsday March 9, m loom 2i0 Please be prompt and have
IS ignmontb completed —RAFERT Scabbard and Blade Special meeting Tuesduj niglit m rojm 21b at 7 10 in Union
Dmee l)ids will b distiibuted and final assignments will be made foi informal initiation All membtis will be jobs whether
piesent 01 not st (omo and get your pick
Stab meetings will stirt if the ittendance
is not bettei HLCKARD Scabbard and Blade Pledges Test night
Wednesday nu ht Mai eh 10 at 7 30 in room ^02 of the Union Black maiks will be pror
fusely distributed if you are absent
—HLCKARP
Reamers Meeting Monday Maich 8, at
^ If p ni room 10^ Union Please be
prestnt BRAY Scabbard and Blade Ruff Night Commit-
tee Meeting Monda\ Maich 8 at 8 ,p m in loom 2-}2 of th Ui ion Bring some good
idt lb wilh s I H 11 c md comt
-McKEE
Classified Ads
Pie 1 ixli 1C Intuition to uin inci it I in ■'Ol I itv 1 usli vv ill 1 c iir 1 this V cel nv tlv cTinpi s I i i Ilclkni ( iiiiicil I hi ic 1 It ition vv ill t ( 1 ( 1 1 till rt ( ' c (1 il Cl icon in lu (iic it II iH ol the 1 11 0 I 11) niiiil '■ 111 I 11 1 )i ill co-'ds V no iic 1)'innin lo it It 1(1 tlu unimci tei n stliO)l uid who will lo o thicu h oioiiiv
I isn th ■'( inc (c 1
1 he on ^ 1 ( I 111 enu it i c t'l it
the (oed n ii'.t hive coniid 'cd one scnusuc li iindc!-,! un i sih )1 V oik on c inip i-^ in 1 i docs i >1 in elude tnc ( uiti-'S \v I -.1)1 ( adetlcs (1 olhoi spcci il'v oniol' 1 -,iii I he o he i c(| ii c i i nt ' ( eh-ihi' il\ lo 0 11 1 I L,h I iixli x that h c OL (1 niiisL n il e i uk uk S( inestei pi eted n i n i (I'li t
iiu cci tin sunn i( ii 1 ) Ihe 1 L-,isti iLioi M c li t.s h\ is
hem held lo obi un in cbUniile o
the ninfibei ot eoec' who n u c
pect Ol V int tn i i th oi -,h n i
uid IS II no w TV binc'in
Ensign Leppla
Piayshop
Ho u! Ol l'il I ’ ive IV p niln cnuimenL Di 1 Holnc Mm uin vvi'l spcLk bctoie u oien iicilin! ot tne PuK^ue Bio'o ic i' Sotietv Monc' \ pfein)) Mi el u 1 0 eloe! 1 Rc n ' 11 oi x , ni v roiltci II ill lilt sibKc: o' hs s] ((c 11 IS u bi The 'll is in P \ IKiiiicntcil \inmal Di ■'I 1 tin I 191" I 111 e 1 itv pi u'u ite bee uni ne id oi lie p nil li\ dopiitnieii 11 Sfilemici 1010 Yltei 1 uluilin 11 3ni the [Jnivei sit\ he went to the Univci itv ol Ktiitiukv i i .-1 iluite issist ml uu! lati I a'' jiiolf'^oi He obtained his Ph U (K? lec i I he I nive ■- t il Wiseoisin in 1 til Betoic c oi nm to teaeh heie he lived as di irelo) oi ihe Ue ion il Poiiltiv 1 c ■-cai ell I iboi itoi \ I s D \ at 1 Lst 1 insin \Iuhi in Kappa Delta Pi n ition u c (It ( lion il h noi u \ 1 ist 1 1 h lile Led the toll iv It!-, st iilcnt D I'e \Iilki ( illii i ii e I e i V Sliii 'c \ ( 1 iw I Ol d M u L, u el Yoiiii Pith ( LI eel Li Ih 1 udliei D( I IS ( ) 11]) ni lloli ec shei v loc riniM Hmeiiv Dene IS 1 ml Mim I ou Bovd vl 11 sc'd L I iloI s \ elii ii D u IS ml 11)11 no ie i
I 11 mn lohn Lepjila of lima Olio uid loin Cl student it the T nivci tv h m been eicditcel vviUi ■'hnoLiii down oi seven I ip inese 1)1 uitb dui np me Coial Set Battle He v\ 1 1 i' ot I out bombei e 1 1 1 ( ill ed I c V n-.ton le ( I c I 1 I u i eounr w lue h ip 11 im I I Q 111 1 of ilh 1 1 it I op b ’• nil V lo' 1 on M bile III III isil I eppl i V s i\ u 'f Mu 11 ( U 1) n nil iiei als M Ico'l 1 lie vithdiew liom till L niv '> I M M \ o 10 0 n e 1 (le I lo ( lie t le \ i \
( illoiiL ioi lieshmcn mil so] h oinoiL vvoikei on tic I’lirduc In ,,incci will le held tomoiiovv in "loom IPO ot tne Union it 1 p m Cadettes and coed onpinecib ait nec (ted J oi iiositions on the tdiloi i il inel busii ess statls The 1 iiKinctr is sent to hipli bools thiouphoul ilie state and has i p ud c 11 e il ilion ol I'lout 1200 It Lonl iins ULicles ot intcicst in ihi ue ol science and machine 1 la n hemp icpi n led in n ition illj known nia,,a/ines '^aek Kimbiell Elmwood Paik HI lio'ds tnc position ol eclitoi and Dcin f’ottci head ot the Enpineoi in DepiitneiiL th it qI laeultv id
(Continued fiom pa<?e rt the local USO wbieh netted th< two OlRanizations six hunched dollais Noi onlv his the Plavshop ex peiitnced a full season, but the mu siL il an pain/itions have piesented m uij conceits and they completed then woik onl> 1 ist night with the piesent it on ol ihe musical convocation Summei i roe tarn Ihc summei piogiam toi Play shop will be announced altoi the liei inning ol the next teim when it s hoped that the status of the male students will be moie definite thin it is at the piesent time Mudball hcv there clarence i think the> are caiiying this rationing business too far this morning i heaid a man sav lie hoped hc-could get a b 1 ation card i ask jou clarence suite w hen has it become necessarv lo 1 ation bees —MUDBALL P\TRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
ROOMS ARE NEEDED If vou liave one—let the students know 111 Tile Exponent Classified Ad*-. Call—4001 (. IIdilation. Typewriters Aiding michineB all makes sold rditidicpaii I and puichased Mimeograph worl <lonc C J LbcishofT 60o Main, I af >cttc i h r ( 2 9 Money to loan On diimonds watches, guns lig{.atc lii)twiilci3 Alberta Loan Ortice 0 Cdiirnbii lost—Giucn wri^'l w'’tch m Union FehI uii ibout 1 p in Reward Phone on \\ H iJ t Need Room and Board '—Fry intcnacial c I 1 if s In 11} L th Intfrnational II 1 lJni\ iv ''t Ik) t—Smill \n Cjijjs siKir wings Mui H 11 W ^ I ! Stic t F! ursday III 1 o lost—^^n iicM St 1 tj Civil Fngmeers pii ( 1 \ } Ig s II }. ngi i\cd on back R tui I t 1 1 i I tli icew lid
I’aulette Goddaid and Rav Milland, stars of Ihe Civstal Ball,” now at tlie l atayette Theatie
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
Students
tianv liuieiis h ivi thai ged ihtii ic-iifkiKt sill e the iiLhiii 1 1! p <1 Ihe rt I m but hive in, \ (i nofificd in\ (I ih i liiuni tirtivc (iIIhls oil t'u L il 1 LI o' Hull new addiex < i>, dP a d i\ pisses w ithoul l( h J 1 ims le tu i uul me sa„e eo un, loi soiiu ol tiiesi II (l< Ills lul if s I e ^ I I ) impo -,ii 1 to (o il liieni t im Hi I e! ( I pi ( 111 ! I 1 II) d t (k 111 V i I !l M (11 V d Hu II addif'ss M(( ('i( h( 1 unp ol flu c ii 1 ( ni If 1 ni ‘ ) lu (il \ I 'll olliee 11 once ol Hull piesent f'd e iiul !(' I’loni unilu i lied 1 (loldsmilli
JOEL A. PETERSOIV, M. D. uXnnoiiuccs ihe Opoi'uig of Officer at 609 Lafayette Life Biiildjn^ P>acijcc I muted to Lye, La), No<ie and J hi oat
Pn (ilii i UK (baiminp si u uul l)\ i ^KUip ol admiiiii-, penlkmen silvfi (Hittii, al Hu \Liis Ilualie
tiaekeipitk laid iilayti surioiidtd in liei latlici s sumptuous home in now plaj ing
LIFTS
SEPARATES
MOULDS and
WEARS! Ihe blick tailored lines and pieeisjon-cut of these famous bras will snap your bust up to the high, pi Olid lines that command admiiation m women everywheie And they’ve got the stamina to take plenty of wear and lots of laundering that’s so important now, too.
ite BRAS
& re$t
Ry alternating youi clothes so that) ou don t wcai the same giiincnt cvtiy day, you give the fibcis a chance to lelax and spiing back into shape. This keeps clothes in piess and prolongs the life of the fabric. Another tip Send yoiu clothes to "clothes-saving hcadc|uarters” icgulaily foi rejuv cnation Good cleaning is yoiii best assiuance of long clothes mileage.