!) ki V t ! A V-'
1/
ir
Scrpp Drive Nets 40 Tons Yesterday Uniyersity Donates Half Clf Scrap; Lambda Chi*s Give Their Packard By Bill Hoskins In a little less tiian four hour^ yesterday afternoon about 300 men from campus fraternities and Cary ikall collected well over 80,000 pounds of scrap to be turned over to the war industries of the United States. Working on a campus and in a town which the best informed oiRcials had said was literally cleaned out of scrap, the stu-
E$lablishe«l' 1889
Volume 55, No. 29
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, October 18, 1942
dents found that they were able to make little more than a dent in the scrap stock-pile yet available. , Of the 80,000 pounds collected yesterday, slightly more than half was obtained from University buildings, the rest being gathered through a house-to-house canvass of every dwelling place in West Lafayette. Climaxing the affair was the Scrap Parade at 4:30 when the Lambda Chi’s put one last shot of gas in their ancient Packard convertible and sent it, with two pancake flat front tires, and over*fifteen students piled on, lurching and backfiring down State St., across the levee and thence to the junk pile. Ten ROTC Trucks Used Following in dose order came ten University military trucks, loaded to the capacity of their ovei’load springs, with tons of scrap and numeroys begrimed but happy students. These trucks were supplied free for the drive, and were manned by volunteers from the army staff of the ROTC. The drivers were Jim Kane, Joe Lundy, George Hardin, Leo Lockwood, Jim Neyhart, Bill Condron, Bill Dillman, Chet Fischer, Ralph Snyder and Paul Browning, all under the guidance of Sgt. Elliott. Much of the scrap brought out into the open yesterday was not picked up, due to the fact that more was collected than had been anticipated. ^Trucks will be sent around the campus and West Lafayette this week, however, and the scrap collected ' tHen will be added to the above total. Heads Of School Cooperate Pgrticpl^rly noticeable during the drive and in preparation for it last week were the active cooperation of heads of the various schools donating salvage material. G. S. McGrath, University storekeeper, was responsible for uncovering much of the 26 tons ormiore obtained from University property. Parents, Teachers
I
To Discuss Problems At Meeting Nov. 4-5 Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers and the School of Home Economics will jointly sponsor the annual Parents Institute meeting here on the campus on November 4 and 6. Several hundred persons are expected to attend the discussions concerning the wartime problems that face all parents. Mary L. Matthews, Dean of Home Economics, has announced that the pi’ogram will consist of topics such as: equipping the child for tomorrow, making homemakers work effective in wartime, parental problems in homes abioad, community planning for children, nutrition and clothing under wai’time conditions, and problems of the adolescent in wartime. Speakers Speakers for the institute will include Dr. Garry C. Myers, Chicago, associate editor of Children’s Activites; Mrs. Fred Conkle, Noblesville, president of the Indiana Congress of Parents and TeachersMrs. Henry E. Ostrom, Indianapolis; Dr. F. B. Knight, Dr. A. A. Smith, Dr. Elizabeth D. Roseberry, Dr. Harriett p’Shea, Pi’of. Philena Palmer, Amy I, Bloye, and Dean Matthews, all of the University staff, and Mrs. D. H. Patterson, of West Lafayette. Others who will take pai't in the program ar-e Mrs. Edward Watkin, Mr. Robert F. Shank, Mrs. Harry Bain, Mrs. A. E. Hilarth, Mrs, Donald L. Henry, and Mrs. James Murray.
Bi|ckeyes Trim Boilermakers, 26-0
Ohio State Over Runs Riveter Line To Victory
Luccock Wijl Speak At Convp Today
Minister To Discuss 'Vertical Tbinkihg In A Horizontal World'
If
Spelaking first time, Dr. Halft^d E. Luccock, professor of homiletics at Yale University for the past fourteen years, will present a sermon entitled “Vertical Thinking in a Horizontal World”, at the first religious convocation of the semester to be held this morning at 10:30 in the Hall of Music. Dr. Luccock has traveled throughout the country during his years in the ministry and has presented his talks at many universities among which are
Sorry, But There will be no Gold and Black “meet the team” today at the Big Foi^r station for all football followers of the Boilermaker team due to the fact that they arrived from Indianapolis last night by car. Since they did not return by train from the Ohio State game, there was no opportunity to jiold a meet the team session.
Harvard, Cornell, Yale, Smith, Williams, Amherst, Wtesleyan and Wellesly. Following his appearance here ^he will give the Earl lectures at the Pacific Theological Seminary and the University of California. He has published some of his better known sermons in a book, “Skylines, the Haunted House and Other Sermons”. Originally Scheduled for Summer This visit was originally scheduled for the summer term this year but due to illness. Dr. Luccock was unable to appear. In his sermons he combines the attributes of an interesting speech with wisdom and common sense. His title, professor of homiletics, denotes that he is an instructor in the art of preaching, a profession which he has followed since he was ordained in 1910. He received his early training at Northwestern University, Union Theological Seminary and Columbia University. By that time he ^ad obtained a Master of Arts degree and had begun his ministry. He was placed as pastor in Windsor, Conn., and during the next eight years was instructor in the Hartford Theological Seminary, pastor of St. Andrew’s Church, New Haven, and instructor in the Draw Theological Seminary. Took Advanced Education During the time that he was editorial secretary of the Methodist Board of Foreign Missions he studied at Syracuse University and received his Doctor of Divinity degree in 1924, at which time he was made editor of the Christian Advocate, then going on with his education at Syracuse, Luccock took^degrees of Doctor of Literature from Allegheny College and Doctor of Divinity at the University of Vermont. In 1928 he was appointed to a professorship at Yale University, a post which he has held since then. .Ajlso during these years of ministry, Dr. Luccock has been the author of a number of books. His work, “Preaching Values in the New Translations of the New Testament” necessitated five reprints by the end of its fitst year of publica-
tion.
This convocation will be open to townspeople and students and no admission will be charged. Frischie To Discuss Pasture Fertilization At Ag Seminar Tomdrrow evening at 4 the second of IG Agronomy Department Victory Seminars planned for this semester will be held in Room 201 of Ag Hall, according to Chairman G. H. Cutler, of the University agronomy staff. At this meeting, Kenneth W. Frischie, a University graduate student, will discuss his experiment on recent developments in pasture fertilization and the results of that experiment. These seminars are held to acquaint the members of the staff with the work of the other members, to clarify the work that is being done, and to help cooidinate the .stair members. Although no University credit is I’eceived and attendance is not compulsory, about 96 per cent of the staff is usually present at these seminars, which have been held periodically for the last 14 years.
PIA To Hold
Decoration Contest 1^^ Contestants To Judge Displays Enter Debris For Homecoming gggj|fy Contest
Former Exponent Editor Speaks At ECMA Banquet Delegates End Two-Day Conference Closing 22nd Annual Convention Last ni^ht the twenty-second annual convention of the Engineering College Magazine Association closed with a banquet and a discussion of'‘‘Technical Publication In Wartime” by G. Steinebach, editor of Foundry Magazine. Steinebach was editor of the Exponent when the offices were opposite the Fowler Hotel and the Memorial Union was ju8t a blueprint of one
corner of our present building.
The technical journalism publications are vital to this war effort according to Steinebach,
Sing
In order to keep alive the homecoming tradition among the various Lousing units here on the campus of decorating the front of their building with something to welcome the old grads or to display an attitude of derision for the team which the Boilermakevs oppose at the annual homecoming game; the Purdue Independent Association is sponsoring a decoration contest for the homecoming celebiation this
year.
The association will award two prizes for the best decorations appearing on the many Independent houses and co-op houses on the campus. The first prize will be a silver cup suitably engraved and the second prize will be a plaque consisting ol an engraved silver"plate mounted on a stained wood form. Not More Than $5 According to the rules of the contest as stated by the PIA, each house cannot spend more than five dollars in fabiicating and constructing their decoration; all houses who wish to have their decorations (See PIA, page 4) American Veterinary Medical Association Holds Annual Meet Dr. J. G. Hardenborgh, executive secretary of the American Veterinary Medical Association, last Thursday told nearly 176 Indiana veterinarians who came to the University for the 30th annual two-day shoit course that, despite decreased importance of horse cavalry in modern warfare, veterinarians have a bigger and more important role in this war than in any previous con-
flict.
Dr. W. W. Dimock, of the University of Kentucky, president of the AVMA, urged all livestock produceis and feeders to utilize the present vast knowledge of livestock diseases and ailuients by co-operat-ing with veterinarians. Dr. C. R. Donham, head of the University veterinary science department, pointed ouj; the heavy responsibility of practicing veterinarians, who are now smaller in numbers serving in civilian capacity but who must safeguard the health of record numbers of farm animals. Dean H. J. Reed of the University emphasized the importance of veterinaifians in helping farmers to produce all food possible. A wide vaiiety of other topics of a technical nature were discussed by veterinary scientists. Fiiday’s program will consist of a clinic beginning at 9 a. m. It was divided into four groups, namely, hoises, hogs, cattle and poultry. There were several special clinical demonstrations of interest to each group.
Judging To Begin At 7:30 Tuesday A total of 112 girls have been entered in the Debris Beauty Conday, Oct. 20. From this group the test which is to be held Tuesday. From this group the four most beautiful coeds on the University campus will be chosen. The contest this year is closed to general public, but the winners will be featured in the forthcoming edition of the Debris as usual. The Debris believes that this year they will uncover more gorgeous girls than ever under a new system of judging which will be explained in Tuesday’s Exponent. Only the winners of previous Debris beauty contests and members of the Debris staffs are
ineligible.
Judging will start promptly at 7:30 in the North Ballroom of the
because they have the duty of acting as current textbooks to carry the rapidly changing information from the people who develop it to the people who use it. As a medium of contact between the editors and the government there fias grown up during the past decade or more the National Conference of Business Paper Editors. During the war this organization has proved a most valuable asset in attaining contact with the sources of information so the transmission of this vital material to the war industries can be adequately accomplished. Movies Shown To Members At the banquet last night the master of ceremonies was Joe T. Youngblod,o editor-in-chief of the Purdue Engineer, and T. R. Johnson, head of the University Bureau of Information acted as toastmaster. Following the talk by Steinebach, movies were shown to members of the conference. Friday evening’s program included a banquet at which Professor Ewing, head of the School of Electrical Engineering; acted as toastmaster. Dean Knapp gave a short welcoming speech to the attend-
By Bob Hadley, Exponent Sports Editor COLUMBUS, OHIO, Oct. 17—(Special to the Purdue Exponent)—^The Boilermakers ran onto the gridiron at Columbus today to meet the Buckeyes of Ohio State, and ran right into the toughest opposition they have faced all year. From the very start the Riveters were offensively ovemhelmed and defensively bewildered, as they dropped a one-sided contest
26 to 0.
More than 45,000 fans turned out to witness the event, which found the Buckeyes driving
down the field in two sustained marches to lead the Boilermakers at the half, 12-0. The Boilermakers never threatened, or even seriously hindered Ohio, until the closing minutes of the half, when Ruggxeri recovered an Ohio fumble on the Ohio 20. However, the Gold and Black parses failed to click, and Ohio took the ball at the half on an interception by Captain Lynn of
OSU.
Touchdown runs by Buckeye backs were twice nullified by offside penalties, once in the first quarter when Sarringhaus went over from the three, and again at the opening of the second half on a 40 yard run by Horvath, neither team’s passing attack was able to connect until Ohio set up its third touchdown late in the third quarter by virtue of tosses by Sarringahus and Horvath. Again a few minutes later, George Slusser’s passes placed the ball on the five, where Slusser took the ball over on a drive over tackle. The Riveter’s aerial attack never got under way because the passers were rushed before they could get set to throw. When the ball did get into the air, the Buckeye defenses smothered possible Receivers. At the end of the fray, the Boilermakers were still trying desperately to
complete their first pass.
For the Boilern^pkers, the defensive work of Prank Ruggieri, Bob Hajzyk and Ewell O’Bryan was a redeeming feature of the game.
ceive instructions and numbers. Infoimal afternoon dresses will be the accepted apparel. Listed below are the names of the girls who were nominated:
Union, and all entrants will be ex- at the conference. The speakpected to be present at 7:15 to re- e*' t^e evening was Walter Paint-
er, advertising manager of Power Plant Engineering. The emphasis of his talk" was placed on the close tie-up necessary between the advertising staff and the copy they use and the copy written by the edi-
Jinny Armstrong, Jane Arnold, staff of a magazine. Lu Anderson, Elaine Anthony, Jean Awards Made
Bacon, Beverly Bakei", Marjorie Awards were made by J. M. Ballaid, Joan Bamer, Maxine Bar- Q^gwe, editorial critic of ECMA, rett, Jeanne Bates, Margaret fgj. j-jjg outstanding journalism Baughman, Dorothy Benson, Gale achievements of college engineerBeeswy, Janice Berchtold, Dorothy magazines. First place for the Bickell, Katie Bird, Patsy Bishop, magazine went to the Iowa Mary Bodinghouse, Wanda Bower, Engineer. The Iowa Engineer was Barbara Borman, Lois Bowman, ^jgg awarded first) place cup by the Katherine Bruck. Tech Engineering News of MIT Dotty Ann Canfield, Leslie Can- which annually makes their own ning, Betty Cantley, Pat Carroll, awaid to all collie engineering Jane Carter, Emily Caster, Pat publications whether members of
Chessman, Maren Chestnutt, Ruth the ECMA or not.
Clansing, Billie Cochran, Jeanne The Purdue Engineer was awardAnn Cooper, Adele Cole, Bertie ed first place fo rthe best single Cole, Nancy Cooper, Jeanne Crane, editorial, “War and the Purdue Betty Craig, Carol Crow, Ruth Student”. It was also awarded third Cummings, Ann Custer, Mary Dahl, place for the best editorials and Nancy Denby, Dorothy Dittman, third place for the best campus
Cossacks
Dance
J ^ ^
At Convo Capacity Crowd Fills Music Hall
I
A capacity crowd of nearly 6,000, the largest to attend a convo this semester, attended the third scheduled convocation of the season to hear Nicholas Kostrukoff’s Don Cossack Chorus last night in the Music Hall. The choir wore colorful Russian costumes and changed Whoever picked up the hat in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union belonging to one of the Don Cossacks has deprived the owner of the privilege of acting with his troupe. If it is not returned today he can not appear with them tonight in Logansport. It is an old authentic Russian hat anc) cannot be replaced. Please return it to Virginia Lee Mac-
Donald, 5031.
the colors of their blouses at two
different times.
The crowd called for encores several times and were especially en-
thusiastic Over the “Cossack War Lending the Riveter offense, which Sopg”, “Black Eyes” and the Cos- netted 14 yards from scrim-
mage during the entire contest, was pounding Johnny Andretich. For Ohio the outstanding ground gainer was sophomore fullback Gene Fekete, who ripped off a large part of the Buckeyes’ 312 yards by rush-
,, , , , „ ing. Defensively, every man on the the dances and the war songs of -BQgjjgyg team gave the Riveters
the Cossacks they gave some ar- of trouble.
sack dances.
Ivanoff Thrills Crowd
Ivanoff tnriuea tne crowd with his daring sword dance and the dances of several of the other Cossacks were especially interesting. Besides
(See DEBRIS, page 4) Town Girls' Club Will Hold Meeting Tomorrow At 4 Town Girls’ Clilb will hold a discussion of the schedule of campus activities for the remainder of the semester in their second meeting of the term, tomorrow afternoon at 4 in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. Lee Westover, faculty sponsor of the organization, has made a plan of the different activities in which girls may spend their leisure time. This list of University functions includes all of the campus convos and such things as Red Cross work and coed- swimming at the -Memorial
Gym.
This club was formed last year for the purpose of acquainting the town girls with the othgr students and activiy^es on campus.
news. First place for editorial content went to the Iowa Engineer. Other first place awards ai-e as follows: Tech Engineering News of MIT, cover design; Michigan Technolog, best illustrations; Iowa Engineer, best student article; Wisconsin Engineer, best campus new; Rose Technic, best alumni news.
POMM
... announces the initiation of the following members! Seniors: L. L. Evans, C. F. Foley, H. H. Humma, H. V. Koch, M. C. Meyers, C. L. Moore, N. L. Steele, P. H. Lauer, S. G. Peterson, H. T. Smith, R. A. Tewksbury. Juniors: N. D. Augsburger, C. Antonnacio, R. H. Clarke, J. A. Gentles, R. E. Howes, D. C. Heckard, R. E. Kyle, J. M. Kelly, P. G. Miller, R. S. McLaughlin, W. M. McClure, L. V. Watkins, G. P. Archer, W. V. Cross, D. A. Eizinger, ]R. D. Halleck, E. J. Latzko, S. R. Lloyd, D. J. Miller, V. L. Singleton, R. H. Uhl.
rangements of religious andi peasant songs. The song “The Volga Boatman” which was not on the program was presented by special request. The group is known as the “Twen-ty-seven singing horsemen of the Steppes”. They are all bachelors and only three of the singers have had to be replaced. Every member of the gioup is born a Cossack and they come from a district in which the river Don runs, thus deriving the name of Don Cossacks. The choir was founded in 1926 in Czechoslovakia and was named after the Cossack general, Platoff. Kostrukoff is the conductor of the chorus and he has trained all of the voices himself. The range of the Cossacks is an extreme one and runs from high sopiano to a very low bass.
I
Industrial Film . . . will be shown by Thompson Products, Inc., of Cleveland, in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building at 4 p. m. Tuesday. Dr. Laurenz Green ... head of the University’s horticulture department, and Dr. Monroe McCown are attending the na-. tional fei-tilizer meeting which is being held in Chicago this week.
Engineers Thompson Products, Inc., Cleveland, Ohio, will show a film and conduct a grpup meeting at 4 p. m., Tuesday, October 20, in Room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. All those interested are invited to attend. * —VOGLER
4-H Club Announces Delegates To Attend National Convention J. C. Ralston of the state 4-H club department announced the 10 4-H club boys who have been selected as delegates to attend the National 4-H Club Congress to be held m Chicago, Nov. 29 to Dec. 4 of this year. Those who are to represent Indiana are: Richaid Rank, Goshen, Elkhart county; Howard Ribordy, LaPorte; Robert Morgan, Sheldon, 111., Newton county; Eugene Niedenthal, Brookville, Franklin county; James A. Gossett, Danville, Hendricks county; Norman Evans, Greencastle, Putnam county; Harold R. Dove, Elnora, Daviess coun- ' ty; Paul Appel, Evansville, Vander-bui-gh county; Gerald W. Licking, Dillsboro, Dearboim county, and Freeman R. Peek, Shoals, Martin county. Freeman Peek is the representative at large and the other ten represent the districts they come from. Congress Shortened * Because of the war, the 1942 Club Congress has been shortened and the states have been limited to 20 delegates each. The ten other delegates fi’om Indiana will be girls. They will he announced within the next two weeks according to the Club OflSicials. The Indiana State Fair Board is covering the expenses of the delegates. The Congress itself is arranged hy the National Committee on Boys' and Girls’ Club Work, cooperating with the land grant colleges and the, U. S. Department of Agrkulture.Pmge 2
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, October 18, 1942
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phonf 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone ^79Z Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
TtHfoMn-Chicf \cv^« Ldilor jNinajrmir Editor hports Editor IJuv luss Manager < (1C d 1 ditor
John F. Amos Don T. Brophy John H. Armstrong Robert L. Hadley Ken K. Gjemre Alice Chaifleld
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editnrni SfafT O \v OchciJtree, A P Hunter, W. E. Rafert, M 1 hiit7 W G Hotskins, R. W. Boswinkle, K. Roquemore, Wolf i-iporls Staff' 1) E Brewer, J. S Dawson, D. Shryer, C. s n (j'(Old Maff Silly Btall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer, Elaine ' TiJ cu» Business Staff I »»«} Un«?mcss Manager: Julia Martin. \c}nilf«>ng Managers: J M Wngrht, D L Johnson, J. Petty. ( irculanun Manager: G H. Klouman. Accounts Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junioi < oed Maii.igers: Ellen Clark. Jane Keim.
The Purdue Independent
Editor-in Chief Managing Editor Bii<.iTu <. M^inager tcud Editor \d\c.rrising Manager Accounts Manager Circulation Manager
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Paine Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue
' t Ed for' Roquemore I d.toi Ba&s
Issue Editor: Vermilion Sports Editor: Brewer
i-cinrtp) ?iapp, Richardson, Tyson, Murphy, Hornaday, , i I rinlndcll, Rcniiic, Wilbur, Amos.
0 second clan's matter at the post office in Lafay0 under tlie act of Congress of March 3. 1879, p c al rate of postage provided for in section f Cctobcr 3 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 T Tu -^day, Thinsday, Friday and Sunday mornings \ Mil Delivered locally by carrier for $175 for a '■ J 00 for two semesters , by mail for $2 00 for a for two stmestera. if-Ui , mailed subscription $1 BO td for T ational advertising by National AdvertisInf Coll'^ge Publishers Representatives, 420 <. New Yoik, N Y
Protest Coed Hours Flooding the Exponent office y^esterday were j',cLiii(n]o signed by over 1,000 eds and coeds jnoLCsiiiig the decision of AWS in cutting co^'d lioui'.s to one a. m. for the Military Ball. Popular campus opinion held the pseudopa iriolic movement of the girls to be adolescent. Coed, who were potential Military Ball date:? expressed concern. If hours aren’t rl.ai^ged back, the bands will play until one; n en v, j1! get imports to eliminate the neces^j{y of getting in early with their expensive dales. Coolidge, Dean of Women, was silent. Si. ■ said she had nothing to do in advising me AWS committee. FFCvS’s executive board prexy, Tillie Croll, V, a cut of town. She apparently is being obuned for much that is not entirely her fault, dalle is merely a member of the judicial laiaid cf AWS which has the final say. President pf the Judicial Board is Jeanette I.i’tbertord, who claims she stated both sides oi ilie question to the board and let them \ ole. Defending the board’s actions, she does POT claim to save money by getting the coeds 111 by one o’clock. Her argument is that hours are not being cut. Last year, after the Mili-lai-y Ball, house mothers started locking the floor at two o’clock, one hour later than usual ho'jrs on Friday and Saturday nights. This year ,thc same one hour later. Graduating seniors foresaw the Prom eliminated and hours slashed off their last big colJego dance. The Military Ball committee expressed hope that they would be allowed to present their ca-e tor the first time before the AWS weekly committee meeting Thursday. Apparently AtVS acted without consulting anyone in voting tor the rumpus-raising statute last Thursday. With all the extras in a Military Ball, the MB committee declared that only about two hours and fifteen minutes of actual dancing will be possible, which is letting the musicians, which cost between $1,000 and $1,500, off with very little effort. Students Pitch In 1 liree hundred students, eleven army men, and several members of the faculty demon- . (rated yesterday just how much people of (he UJnted States can do toward winning (boir whr by turning in over 40 tons of scrap in less than four hours. Ye.s, they had to be prodded slightly to overcome the human inertia which is an inherent jn'Jvilege of the people of a Democracy such a . our.s. But when they got moving there was noiJiing could stop them. With no more tools than, willing student b^( ks, and the will to work, they burrowed into the depths of the Michael Golden basement and the M. E. lab’s sub-basement to pull out f ennngly immovable machine parts. They coiled ed so much scrap in the four alloted liour. that 12 trucks working at top speed couldn’t carry it all away. Hitler collects scrap, too. Bht we would like to ask Mr, Hitler if he has e\'er had the delightful privilege, as we had yesterday, of having his “loyal” subjects, c.n ered with sweat and grease, refuse to stop working when told.
mSliMfiTOH Tm R,q U S P»l MERRY-GO-ROUND By DREW PEARSON AFL, CIO May Join Forces For Defense Against Lewis' Raids On Their Memberships WASHINGTON—'There was more behind AFL President Bill Green’s Toronto statement, that the “chances were brighter” for a reunion of the AFL and CIO, than Green let on to newspapermen. Inside fact is that when the AFL convention opened, top officials of the two labor organizations at first were decidedly bearish about the chances of getting together. Jurisdictional problems loomed too large. But what changed their minds, and led Green to make his optimistic pronouncement, was John L. Lewis’ blustery withdrawal from the CIO. When Lewis took the floor at his United Mine Workers convention in Cincinnati and told the miners that they were pulling out of the CIO, he gave AFLCIO peace prospects the greatest shot in the arm since negotiations got under way two years ago. Lewis’ action means much more than a severance from the CIO. It was a blunt challenge to both the CIO and AFL that he was preparing to launch (1) an all-out, blood-and-thunder raid on their memberships; and (2) a campaign to organize and consolidate, in the catch-all District 60 of the miners’ union, all the independent unions of the countiy. • Lewis Has Prospecis There are about 1,000,000 independent union workeis, including telephone employees, typographers and numerous scattered gioups of white collar woikers: With his flair for swashbuckling leadership, Lewis conceivably could build up an organization of 1,600,000 members, counting the independents, plus AFL and CIO captives, plus his own miners organization. At any rate, that is his current plan. Ahd AFLCIO leaders realize too well that his commando activities against their unions will be made all the easier if they continue on the outs. Bill Green didn’t understate the possibilities. With Lewis growling at the gates, you can expect the AFL and CIO peace committees to bend eveiy effort to iron out their juiisdictional disputes and reach a basis for getting together when negotiations resume in late November. ^ • Father Coughlin's Friend Catholic leaders who are all-out for President Roosevelt’s war policies aie scrutinizing the amazing investment activities of Father Coughlin’s chief church supporter. Archbishop Fiancis J. L. Beckman of Dubuque, Iowa. Archbishop Beckman, it has been revealed by a Portland, Ore., court, put up $99,000 in cash and $263,763 in promissory notes to finance California and Oregon gold mines, which turned out to be largely a figment of the prospectoi’s imagination. Archbishop Beckman placed the seal of the diocese on the promissory notes and also pledged the assets of an ait museum to support them. Phillip Suetter, who promoted the gold mines and sold the idea to Archbishop Beckman, has now been found guilty of a conspiracy to violate the Securities and Exchange Act. Archbishop Beckman testified against Suetter at the trial. The Archbishop’s role in the weird financial transaction is attiacting especial inteiest because of his energetic opposition to Piesident Roosevelt’s wai policies. Aftei Hitler fiist invaded Poland, it was Aichbishop Beckman, alone among the high-ranking Catholic clergy, who sent a letter to Father Coughlin endorsing his stand. “I am with you in spirit tonight,” he wrote. “I send my repiesentative Mi’. Wendell Schroedei, vo participate in your meeting. I cannot stand apait from you in this critical hour of need. God bless you!” Again, just three months before Pearl Harbor, Archbishop Beckman delivered a scathing criticism of Roosevelt’s foreign policy which was featured in the Bund papers. Among other things he said: “This war is nothing more nor less than a struggle to reestablish the shattered boundaries of international finance . .. The entrenched internationalists had their day; they financed the world into eternal debt and milked whole peoples, grinding them down into the dust of poverty.” • Officials Go To School All over Washington, giown men are going to school again. More than 600 officials of a dozen different depaitments are doing “home work”—leaining vocabulaiies, drawing maps, and studying chaits. It’s the latest phase of the Good Neighbor policy. The Government is teaching itself to know Latin-America. With funds from the Rockefeller Office, a school has been set up, known as the Inter-American Training Center. Dr. Henry Grattan Doyle took a year’s leave from George Washington University to run it. • War Dulls Political Axe The fact that Economic Stabilizer Jimmy Byrnes i.s not letting politics credp into his job is evidenced by the appointment of bald, mustachioed Ralph E. Flanders, as one of the two management representatives on his advisory boaid. Foi Flanders, who is president of the Jones and Lamson Machine Company of Springfield, Vt., has been one of the Piesident’s seveie critics. In fact if he could get his hands on a certain letter he wiote during the 1936 campaign, undoubtedly he would lose no time burning it up. The letter was s^nt to Joseph Leib of South Bend, Ind., founder (in 1930) of the first Roosevelt-for-President Club. Leib had written Flanders asking it he thought business would receive the ‘breathing spell” promised by the President during the campaign. The Veimont manufacturer replied, August 25, 1930, that it was “inci’easingly difficult” to support New Deal policies, chiefly because of the tax bill of that yeai, which, he said, “makes it practically impossible either to pay dividendsjor to lay aside rebel ves to meet lutiiie conditions of unemployment. “I can only conclude,” Flander added, “that theie is no such thing as a ‘bi eathing spell’ as long as Mr. Roosevelt is Piesident.” Early in 1941 Flanders was appointed to a key job in the Machine and Tools Group of the 0PM Priorities Division. His company also has received several substantial contracts from the government. Taxes are a lot higher than in 1936, however, and there will be no breathing-spell for profits. But when Leib again wrote Flandeis asking it he still held to the views expiessed in the 1936 letter,' Flanders replied: “Since we are now at war, much of the misunderstanding of the peacetime situation no longei holds.” (Copyiight, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
Qjt. JPuL Personnel Notes
^hwichsuL
University Presbyterian Church North Street near Grant 9:30 a. m. Student class will meet under the leadership of Dr. G. H. Graves. ,Due to the religious convo there will be no morning worship at 10:30. 6:00 p. m. Sunday Evening Club will meetjor supper. Following supper a group discussion of Dr. Luccock’s convocation address will be held.
Purdue Christian Foundation Sixth and North Streets 9:30 a. m. Church School. 10:40 a. m. Morning Worship; sermon subject, “Mark of Greatness.”
“We civilians will have to do with fewer doctors so I’ve cut down and simplified my symptoms for the duration.”
Problems For Fun To facilitate their consideration, solutions should be submitted on separate signed sheets, within one week after the posting of the problem. Include with each solution a signed statement that the solution was obtained unassisted. Solutions aie to be handed in at the Mathematics Office. PROBLEM 6: A scout starts from the rear of an army column, rides to the head and back to the rear while the column marches a distance equal to its length. How much faster must he ride than the army marches? (Thi.s problem was suggested by Prof. C. A. Ellis of the Civil Engineering School.) REMARKS ON THE SOLUTION OF PROBLEM 5: This problem shows how deceptive it is to find the shortest distance or a geodesic for even the simplest surface—the flat surface. (A curve which is.the,shortest distance between two points on any kind of a surface is called a geodesic of that surface. This is the analogue of the straight line in the plane.) The easiest way of handling this problem is by cutting a sheet of paper, which, when piopei'y folded, will make a model of the loom, and then by joining the points representing rhe spider and the fly by a straight line, a geodesic is obtained. The length of the geodesic (shortest distance) is only 40 feet. There are several ways of cutting the sheet of papei, and accordingly there are several possible routes, but that of 40 feet is the shortest. If we foim a model of this room, we see that this shoitest route lequires that the spider pass over 5 of the 6 sides of the loom.
West Lafayette Baptist Church 9:30 a. m. Roger Williams Class, J. L. Vancamp, teacher. 10:36 a. m. Church Worship Service. There will be a special service of Fannie Crosby Hymns. Thfl Junior Choir will sing special numbers. 6:30 p. m. Roger Williams Fouii(lation FolloWihip Hour led by Bill Harmon. '6:00 p. m. Supper, 15 cents. 6:30 p. m. John Yueh, a student from China, will .speak on “The Futuie of China.” Laura Newcomb will lead the vesper seivice following the discussion. C. R. Freberg ... of the school of Mechanical Engineeiing' has written an article entitled “Calculations of Vibrations in Multi-Mass S,y“tems,” which will appear in the Octolier issue of Product Engineering. The aiticlo de.scribes a method, ba'-'cd on the concept of mobility, or ease of motion, and the use of complex numbers similai to those used in the solution of electrical circuits, for the detei mination of linear and torsional vibrations in mechanical multi-mass .systems by imiiressed vibratoiy motions.
Companies to visit campus: Curtiss-Wright Corporation, Passaic, New Jersey—October 19, 20
and 21.
Tennessee Valley Authority, Wilson Dam, Alabama—October 20 and
21.
Sylvania Electric Products, Inc., Salem, Massachusetts—October 20, Interested in EE, PSE, ME, Physicists. Thompson Products, Iitc., Cleveland, Ohio—October 20. General Electric Co., Schenectady, New York—October 21, 22 and 23. E. I. du Pont de Nemours & Co., Wilmington, Delaware—October 26. Interested in ME, women chemists. Bendix Aviation Corp., Brooklyn, N. Y.—October 26 and 27. General Chemical Co., New Yoik October 27. Sperry Gyroscope Company, Inc., Brooklyn, New York—October 27, Bell Aircraft, Buffalo, New York —November 2 and 3. Interested in ME, AeroE. U. S. Civil Service Commission, Washington, D. C.—October 29. Interested in engineers. ^
U. S. Dept, of Interior, Seattle, Washington—Interested in bacteriologists. Sign in Petsonnel Office by Monday noon, October 19. Dunbar Manufacturing Co., Berne Indiana—Intere.sted in M. E. and A. E. American Aviation Corp., Jamestown, New Yoik—Interested in malhematicians. Sign in Personnel Olliee by Tuesday, October 20. Nekoosa - Edwards Paper Company, Port Edwards, Wisconsin— Intelested in chemists. I Ag Honorary To Hold Meet'ing Tuesday Hoof and Horn, agi icultural honor aiy, will hold its regular monthly meeting Tuesday in the assembly room of Agricultural Hall at 7:30 p. m. Allison Stuart, local cattle breeder, will be the speaker. Stuart will show films on purebred Heieford cattle obtained fiom the Amci ican Hereford Cattle Breeders As.sociation of which he is the former piesident.
Pharmacists To Show Film On Pneumonia “Pneumonia—D i a g n o s i s and Treatment,” will be the subject of the film to be shown tomoirow at 4 p. m. in loom 311 of the Phaimacy Building. This movie was prepared by Drs. Noiman Plumei and Hcibert Enswoith of the New Yoik Hospital and is the second colored movie presented this semester by the American Pharmaceutical Association. iWffn Dining the picture, a pneumonia patient is shown as he pi ogresses thiough the variolas stage.s of the disease. Laboratory tests such as
sputum typing, blood chemistry detei mination, and the examination of blood cultuio aie shown in detail as these tests are being made on the patient.
— NOTICE — Men, students wanted for dining room and kitchen work. WOMEN’S RESIDENCE HALI.S
LUMA TODAY and TOMORROW POSALIND RUSSELl ifredVmrray
MARS -NOW PLAYING-
> now with more howls, song hits, gals on the screen!
HELD OVER—HURRY Revealed for dSandinalUts excmng^^ ^ the hero'. The dragreat .{Jg gj-owds never to your heart. SAMUEL GOLDWYN eARYCOOPER the PRIDE OF the Released through Pictures Inc.
ONLY 4 More Big Days
Ih WAR 1 ^ STAMPS j
— ADMISSION
Nights and Sunday
50c
[
1
Week Day Matinees
40c
1
Children
15c
Plus Tax
fcariii — ADDED — March of Time’s “MEN OF THE FLEET” —
SKEmSOTtiERN 'Rags'. RAGLAND • Ben BLUE MARSHA VIRGINIA ALAN HUNT • O'BRIEN • MOWBRAY DAN DAILEY, Jr. • JACKIE HORNER
■■■SBaaBBBaacaw.aa>BiaHi
ARC
UsSl -the
BRIAN DONLEVY MACDONALD ROBERT CAREY- PRESTON
AND
Albert Dekker • William Bendix
Walter j\|jei-
PbiybyW B DiwneilanilfronhOullN
Ki^undny, October 18, 1942, Boilermaker ^mrts •‘^--'''
<>
isconsin
Success Of Homecoming
Sink Bluejackets 13-7, At Soldiers' Field
S
ports Communique ^ ^
Bill
By Bob Hadley
■ CHICAGO, ILL., Oct. 17—Jack Wink and Elroy Hirsch, Wisconsin’s sophomores, scorM two of the longest touchdown ■runs of the season in the third quarter to give the undefeated .padgers a 13-7 triumph over Great Lakes at Soldiers’ Field
here today.
it appeared that Bruce Smith, last year’s All-American at Minnesota, would become another Wisconsin downfall after pitched a pass to Nebras- —-—...... ^
Editor’s Note: While Bob Hadley is in Columbus, Larry .Myers and Johnny BeCamp, WBAA sports anhouncers, take oVefe/as guest columnist duo. /
^h’s Fred Preston for a 65^krd touchdown play in the first period; A crowd of 30,000 -^inpluding some 8,000 service men--rsettled down in Sol-
Aquacade To Feature Patty Aspinall, Others
i.,. ^ On December 11th and 12th of
diers Field With the thought of a xu o- iu a , a T 1 -A • • , 1. A this year, the Sixth Annual Aqua-
Great Lakes victory in mind, but t?[e cardinal-shirted Badgers virtu-
cade, popular brainchild of the
j j At 1 A equally popular Dick Papenguth, ally, pounded’themselves apart on . s, • aa u, j , will hold sway m the Pieldhouse
ponderous sdilor fqrwards, up-
setting the Bluejackets.
Hirsch took the ball on the Sail-
pool. This event was originally scheduled for December 4 and 6 but it was moved back a week to enable
Of3 39 after Wisconsin had lost 20 varsity coach Papenguth to attend yqrds attempting to pass, and slid meeting of the Western Conferarpund end fpr the sidelines. He gnce swirtiming coaches in Chicago streaked down the chalk line like a gj^ that date. bolt from the blue, panting into the aquacade, as its five dnd zone for his 61 yard touch- predecessors, is sponsored by the
Dolphin Club, men’s swimming hon-
Wink’s sprint was even more sen- orary, and the Triton Club, a swimsational. Smith had wound up: the ming honorary from the feminine Blue Jackets on what had the mak- angle. Representatives from both iiigs of a touchdown surge. He un- clubs plan to take part in this exreeled 23 yards, passed to Carl travaganza and have been working for '23 more, finally out regularly with that view in
reaching the Wisconsin 23. From mind,
thei'e he uncorked his arm for a pass Aspinall Guest Stars tp- the scoring land, but Wink Among the added attractions and stepped in. He'snared the ball a guest stars this year will be yar^ behind 'the goal line, waded blondiferous Patty Aspinall, breast through a wave of the white Clad stroke specialist from Indianapolis. Sailors to ;-midfieid and behind a PaAy holds national and world recvanguard Of blockers danced into ords for her aquatic efforts. This the. promised territory. The run pretty mermaid, who attends Shortgoes into the records as 100 yards, ridge High School in Indianapolis, b'Ut actually covered 101 or more, -was also a member of the swimming I’^The injured Pat Harder place- team which won the National Club kicked the extra point after the Championship for Women while number one touchdown but'missed representing the Riveria. Club of af^er. Wink’s scofe. Center Bob Nel- Indianapolis. She has been a protege son of Bdylor. bootetl the Sailors’ of Coach Papenguth for several
ppipkitfjtheyfir^t period. years.
. This afternoon we were able to turn the business of broadcasting Jthe Purdue-Ohio State game over to Milliard Gates, of ;^OWb in, Port Wayne, thus rescuing our listening audience from ahother-'itelegraphic recreation.. After we had made our brief introductoty riSinhfks and Hilliard had taken over, we sat back with nothing to do forfhe next Wo hours except coyer up WOWO’s commercials with bur own U;i,SV War Bond plugs and enjoy what we thought was going to be a Very i|i|fere3.ting football game between the two tops teams in the Big Nine., in^iben|hlly, $ome. patriotic soul even objected to our use of whaf ’he said wepe too many of these bond spots. ' Needless to say, we didn’t enjoy very much of the. b^i|, gamb,. -Gf course, we did enjoy the opening kick off, which wa^irealljf a j^hrher, •traveling all the way into the Ohio State end zone. W:e_^;alSQ likedSh|e aggressiveness of Bill Buffington in the opening quarter,:ahd'we sat fi’ii, and bent a hopeful ear to the radio the first time Johnny Andreti'eK broke away for a fifteen yard gain. The rest of the two hours we spent marveling at the amazing offensive power of the Buckeyes. No longer is there any doubt in our minds as to why Ohio State is ranked by the, experts the top team in the nation. They’ve got everything. From our point of disadvantage we can’t see what is to.pl.reyent thern from enjoying an undefeated season. Their passing attack worked time and again; their defense was very close to being airtight;, their running attack, led by Gene Fekete, was almost perfection. And speaking of Fekete brings up a little problem that dawned on us after this afternoon’s game: Why don’t we have a standout back such as Minnesota’s Bill Daley, Indiana’s Billy Hillenbrand, Michigan’s Tom Kuzma, Northwestern’s Otto Graham, Wisconsin’s Pat Hai’der, or the above-mentioned Gene Fekete, who to our way of thinking is the best running back in the Big Nine ? ' Please don’t ask us for an answer, We just haven’t got it figured out. There are a host of good backs among the Boilermaker contingent. Maybe all they need is a good'week to give them the necessary confidence. It could be that the forward wall doesn’t support the backs, but after last week’s game at Northwestern y/e’ve outlawed that solution. Since we are cei’tain that our coaching staff is every bit as good as any in the Big Nine, or out of it, for that matter; we are left in the dask as to the solijtion 'fpr our problem. We’re perfectly willing to leave the whole thing up to yoiir '■ For four years now since we first came to the Purdue campus, we’ve wanted to see a winning football team like the Boilermakers had a decade ago. We thought at last we would have it, after last week’s- episode at Evanston. And that is probably what ,a lot of other people, including some of the team, thought. That might be a partial answer to what happened at Buckeye Bowl today. However, that won’t happen again. From now on until there are 27 days left ’till Christmas, Purdue will be the underdog in every game it plays with the possible exception of the Michigan State clash. We’ll be back in last week’s role with everything to win, and nothing to lose. That should make for better football. At least, let’s hope so. i
Alumni Will Witness Rivalry On Gridiron
MADISON WIS., Oct. 18—^Their toughest non-conference season in history terminated by yesterday’s battle with the Great Lakes eleven in Chicago’s Soldiers Field, the University of Wisconsin gridmen will now turn to Big Ten wars by journeying to Lafayette next Saturday to meet the Boilermaker squad in a renewal of one of the hottest rivalries in the MidWest. The series was initiated way back in the days of nose guards when the Boilermakers won by
Harriers Wia
Purdue defeated Ohio State, 23 to 34, today in a cross country run, preliminary to their grid game. Duesler of Purdue was first across the line in 22 minutes and 25 seconds. Jones and White of Ohio State were second and third.
a 32-4 margin in 1892. They have repeated this original triump 9 times, the Badgers have celebrated victory on 12 occasions while five times the two elevens ha\re battled to no de-
V . . . Buffington, Boilermaker fullback, figured prominently in the de-. fensive action against Ohio State yesterday, backing up practically every first half play.
Badger Grid Coacli Was One Of Famous
Results Midwest
Lafayette has always been a jinx town for the Badgers. Time and time again since the modem renewal of the rivalry in 1925, the Cardinal eleven has invaded) the banks of the Wabash heavily favored. However, Purdue has always managed to upset the dope and send the Badgers homeward defeated on their long jourael back
to Madison.
Two In Six Minutes
The one exception to this destiny came on the last Wisconsin trip to
Michigan 34, Northwestern 16.
Ohio State 26, Purdue 0. Wisconsin 13, Great Lake 7. Illinois 12, ..Iowa ._7.
Marquette 28, Michigan sfee 7. Lafayette in 1940. That day Purdue
Four'Horsemen
SCOBEE’S
ALL KINDS OF PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIS— ' Fresk^iui and Film Pks — Try Our Quality Kodak Finishing ^ ^ — PROMPT SERVICE— PiipNE^343 105 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
World's Trick Billiard Champion
To Appear In Union Friday
\ I /
/ i }
Just Real GOOD FOOD in Quiet Surroundings!
Ah Peace... It’s simply wonderful when you dineat the
QhsibinuL dhom.
of the PURDUE UNION
Our chief attraction is our deliciou?^ food always served in a charming, friendly atmosphere.
JhsL PWvduSL Tn^yvufdcdL lAmofv
The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Charles C. Peterson, the world’s fancy shot billiard champion, will give a lecture-exhibition on all phases of the green table sport at the Billiard Room in the Union this Friday, October 23, it was announced yesterday. Advance notices express the belief, that no one should say “impossible” in reference to billiard shots until they have seen Peterson give a demonstration of his cue wiz- !
ardry. Peterson’s exhibition will be devoted to billiard fundamen-
Welker Cochran, the 18.2. balkline titleholder, and such other stars as Jake Schaefer, Jr.j Jay Bozeman, Allen Hall, Otto Reiselt and Art
tals—an,attempt to prove that Rubin. He will wiijd up the show an application of a few simple" with a variety of fancy shots from pointers makes for good billiard his own bag of tricks.
play—^and a demomstration of the favorite shots of cue champions of
Pete is regarded as one of the most enthusiastic billiard players in
the last forty years. In this latter the country and this enthusiasm be-
demonstration, Peterson will uncov- comes paramount when it comes to
er the pet tricks of Willie Hoppe, teaching the game to beginners; He current . three-cushion champion; (See BILLIARD CHA.MPION, p. 3)
Clothes Last Longer when they’re cleaned at the WEST SIDE CLEANERS
Now more than ever it’s important r to take good care of your clothes. Keeping them well cleaned and pressed is one big step in the right direction.
A graduate of the University of Notre Dame, class of ’25, Harry Stuhldreher was a unanimous choice for All-American as a member of the famous Four Horsemen backfield and, after sixteen years, he still -rates as the most brilliant field general who ever piloted the Fighting Irish and one of the greatest signal callers of all time. Stuhldreher went directly into coaching in the fall of 1926 and guided the fortunes of Villanova college for the next eleven years. In that time, he raised the football standards of Villanova from mediocrity to a position among the best of its class in the East. His eleven year record at Villanova includes 65 victories, 25 defeats, and ten ties. ' • Coming to Wisconsin in May, 1936, Stuhldreher quickly established himself as among the most astute mentors in the best league in the country-—the Big Ten. In 1936, the Badgers won but two games but they played interesting football and showed steady- improvement. In 1937 they won four, lost three, and tied one. In 1938, they won five and lost three in a great season which ended with Wisconsin playing Minnesota for the conference championship. ■ In 1939 his Badgers encountered just about every variety of misfortune which can confront a team. In 1940, however, the Badgers bounced back to an even up season by displaying the terrific fight and gpirit that characterizes their mentor. “ Last fall Stuhldreher developed one of the greatest offensive machines ever to wear the Cardinal. The Badgers scored on every one of their opponents. Yet somehow they could not master the art of defense, so they could produce only a 3 out of 8 season for their coach. A keen student of the game in general, he is well known for his written articles, both fiction and non-fiction which has appeared in leading periodicals and newspapers all over the nation. ,
Wabash 6, Butler 0.
Ohio Northern 32, Capital' 7. Wittenbei-g 7, Mount Union 6.
Case 15, Wooster 0.
Ohio Wesleyan 19, Akron-7. Kenyon 20, Allegheny 0. Dayton 20, Miami, 0., 0.
shoved them all over Ross-Ade Stadium for 54 minutes of the contest to take a commanding 13-0 lead. Suddenly from out of the blue, the Badgers took fire and the last six minutes of the contest shall ever rest in a high niche in the saga of
Notre Dame 28fIowa Pre-flight 0. Wisconsin athletics.
Minnesota 15, Nebraska 2. Grand Rapids 13, Manchester 7, Carthage 14, Elmhurst 0. Kent 24, Wright Patterson 0. Heidelberg 33; Hiram 0. Iowa State 29, Drake 6. St. Joe (Ind.) 19, 111. Wesleyan 7. Oklahoma 25, Kansas 0. DePauw 19, Uni. of Louisville 6. South George 40, Tulane 0.. Georgia Tech 33, Davidson 6. North Carolina 13, Duquesne 6. : Alabama 8, Tennessee 0. . Kentucky 21, Virgina Tech 21. Mississippi State 33, Vanderbilt 0, V.M.I. 29, Maryland 0. The Citadel 21, Newberry 7, Virginia 7, Richmond 7. Southwest Texas 47, Arkansas 6. Milligan 7, Centre 6. ,
The Badgers scored one louch-
do"wn on a sustained march. H6"wever, Purdue fans still felt that the day was theirs as little time was left. However, they did not consider the fighting hearts of the Cardinal. On the last play of the game John Tennant, now a Wisconsin freshman coach, tossed a long pass to Ray Kreick who scampered to pay dirt to tie the score. ,
Bob Ray, then a sophoniore, cooly
split the uprights "with his place kick to provide the pne-pOint maygin of victory. Ray is again slated , for a great deal of Action against
the Boilermakers Saturday. Another great Wisconsin win of
the series occurred in Madison in 1931 when an underdog Badger eleven scored 21 points in the first quarter before the favbred Boilerr makers could get started. The two
Texas Christian 7, Texas A&M 2. Pm-due touchdowns later in the
Colorado Mines 7, Greeley 6. Denver 17, Wyoining 14. Utah 34, Utah State 6.
Far West
Washington 35, Montana 0. U.C.L.A. 21, California 0.
East
Amherst 6, Rochester 0. Lakehurst Naval 14, Albright 0.' Buffalo 50, Hartwick 6. Brown 7, Lafayette 0. Boston Col. 7, N. C. Pre-Flight 6. Penn State 0, Cornell 0. Duke 34, Colgate 0. Fordham 23, West Virginia 14. Syracuse 19, Holy Cross 0. Dartmouth 14, Harvard 2. Lehigh 13, Penn Military 0; Navy 13, Yale 6. Princeton 6, Penn 6. Rutgers 9, Bucknell 7. Williams 19, Bowdpin 0. Connecticut 26, Maine 7. Boston U. 6, Tifts 0, Army 34, Columbia 6. Hamilton 20, Oberlin 20. Cavneigie.Tech 19, Grove City, 6. Indiana 19, Pittsburgh 7.
game were of no avail. The present Purdue eleven has sworn itself to revengfe for these defeats and can be expected to play . all-out football in its effort 'to achieve its ambition. Each of the 26 contests in the long rivalry has had its highlights and , thrills. Coach Elmer Burnham's men of 1942 have the added spirit and fight which always comes "with the arrival of a new coaching rCr gime. However, the Badgers, believe that this may be their year to have something to say concerning top flight honors in the Western Conference. Neither squad figures to upset tradition by not playing a bangup contest. While it is the Wisconsin conference opener, it ranks high on the entire 1942 schedule for football of the play-for-keeps variety.
Cary Hall Starts Basketball Play
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS ! GRAVES Quality BAKERY
SwimmeFS
Tomorrow Evening
All varsity swimmers report to the pool Monday at 5 p. m. for Debris pictures. —PAPENGUTH
Northwestern and Vine Sts.
Phone 4081
Write for chart picturing jili 18 beautiful all-smooth models, telling benefits of Marvelous Patented Filter
Also same styles, all-etched, icith Eagle orengraved PATRIOTIC EMBLEMS specially designed for men in \ service as tvell as civilians. tTwi. D»m^ 8 Co., Inc., N. r-/i\
Tomorrow evening at 7 o’clock in the Fieldhouse, Cary Hall will start its annual basketball season. Every year the Halls are divided Up into sections with one team representing each section. These teams are scheduled against one another by the Intramural Office and play a series of games to determine which teams will enter the playoffs. The winner of the playoff is presented with keys and trophies at the completion of the season. First in the series of these games will be played on Court 1 in theFieldhouse on Monday night. At this time, Cary Hall 2 will oppose Cary Hall 3, at 7:00 p. m. During halftime of the first tilt, Cary Hall 4 will take the floor to test the basketball ability of Cary Hall 5. These two games will be over at 8:15, at which time Caiy Hall 6 will come up against Cary Hall 7, in the last game of the evening.
Notice
^here will be an important meeting of all Intramuj’al Touchbaij officials Monday evening, Oct, 19, at 7 o’clock in room 104 of fKa Fieldhouse. Fifty -cents will be allowed each offieiabfor attending the
meeting.
■1
I
Im
((
l^urdiM Exponent
Sundc'U 'Octoher 18, 1942
with Judy MeCulIough
Poultry Sjiort Course University Club
Begins Serond Week For Present Year
Notices
i.-
^xponent: There Will be an important Chess Players: There will be a ™ meetlnB of the Town, etc., beat Tuesday of all those interested in trymg o
niRhl at 7:1B. All reporters of the beat the University chess team o'}. ,5^’ nm
be thebe. . -BOSWINKLE tober 19, at 7:30 p. m.
1
-DALZELl.
Important meeting
Extra iipportant
University poultry short course, which has been held here for the
of the Union.
Aeromodelers: Rules 'for Sunday, Octo- ^ her 18, contest are posted on bulletin board Debris Business Stair!
in Room 80. —UETTWYLER I meeting at four Monday "“‘-'rnoom^^^^^
Sigma Della Psi: Important meeting on
Skull and Crescent: . _ „ ruosday, October 20, at 7:80 p. m. in Room Thliisday, October 22, hi Room 107 of the
Tentative plans for the Univer-
807 of the Union.
Lutheran Students: Round-table discus-
, « •v-a I It j 4 1a • XjUIIIwIoII OlUUVlIin* XvUUIiU“L«*»/»C past week, will be COntlTlUea this club during the current school smn on Sunday, October 18. Meet in Room week. This course is designed to yg^j. includes thi’ee meetings; one ^JTwallacE
DISMAL WEATHER, ISN’T IT?
But even that’s no excuse fof a dull, drab appearance, so better make tracks pronto to Loeb’s second
Swayrei, 302; Neiibauer, 303 ;
M. A. Gieen, 304 , J. Gilley, 306 ; Haz^iliind,
307.
10 a. m.—Schakel, Gilley, 302 ; Swafier,
303 ; Baldwin, 304 Giecn, 807. ’
11 a m.—Neal, 302, SchaUel, MacBlalr,
train workers to replace the mem- featuring cards, dancing and music; ^ Assignments in Union
bers of the poultry industries, who another featuring special musical xhursda:^: have been called into the armed f^lent; and one featuring a Shakeservices. .sperean play, it was announced to-
Courses.are offered in incubator day.
,, , 1 , . ; 1 j i, operation, in the mixing of feeds. Aside from the general meetings, floor sports shop and brighten up the wardio e. othei‘ essential steps of there will be a card group in charge How. Just take a gander at the imlicions array o pQyi|.j,y production. At the end of of Prof. M. W. Keller of the mathepastel light-ground plaid skirts! That first glance the'thirty odd inatics department, which will hold alone shwld be enough to convince you o t eir women who ai'e now en- seven additional meetings during
appeal. The color combinations are delight u y course will be qualified the year, fresh and original, and the styles, all-inclusive. My pugipegs. ^ee In Charge Of Music
Robert Hogue, a University grad- ' Prof. C. O. Lee, of the School of uate and manager of a hatchery at Pharmacy, will be in charge of a Silver Lake, is helping the poultry series of musical programs to be staff in the demonstration of incu- given in the Music Room of the bator operation. ' ' Union in conjunction with the gen-
eral meetings of the club. Prof.
L ’ Justus Rising will be in charge of L/eOriS music for the dances.
The first event of the year will be
-WELT'Y Fidldhouse at 7 p. m. Election of two ofTi-
cers will be held. —SEATON DifliinsruiBhed Students: Distinguished studmte for 1942 Summer Term muy collect $30 refunds at the cashier's office in the Executive Buildine. —HOLLENSBE Pdrsonnel Room Assignments: Robbins, 802; Bond, 303 j Gilley, 304; Neuman, 305; at 9 a m. Keilman, 302, Robbins, 803; Kaplan, ^04 ; Gilley, 305 ; at 10 a. m. Neu-
Classified
Ads
, V..A-WI . -w — Money to loan on diamonds, watches, guns* - bauer, 302; Shroada, 308; Chan Ball, 304; Wirage, typewriters. Albert's x^oan Office, Dan Walt, 306, M. A. Kaplan, 305; at 11 a. m. Dick Ball, 302, 4Q7 Columbia,
Bodker, 303; at 1 p. m. Dick Ball, 303; at 2 p. m. M. A. Green, 302; Flnheity, 303;
Wilson (Bob), 306 ; at 3 p. m. Elaherty, 302 ; at 4 p. m.
choice of the lot (after long hours of debating) was an imported French flannel, dirndl style with pockets. At the sweater bar, same locality, you’ll find lovely imported Shetland sweaters waiting to
be iaatched with these skirts.
Typewriters—Adding machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mime-
“" — ograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Mam, Purdue Engineer Staff: All Junior and X^fayette. Phone 2779, Senior staff membors may attend conven- —
tion sessions. Let me know if you wish to Single room for hoy. One block irom go to banquets. Excuses from classes are Union. Available Nov. 1 Phone 6962.
available. —YOUNGBLOOD Episcopal Students: Communion and
IF YOU’RE JUST ANOTHER HUNTER . . . and the term applies to all at one time or another, let me suggest Southworlh’s downstairs gift shop, sometimes known as hunter’s haven (or do I mean heaven?). The gift shop was reopened only last Thursday after time out for a short overhauling, which included remodeling, redecorating (a new color scheme of blue and white) and even new merchandise. So if it’s gifts—practical or other-
wise—^for which you seai'ch why not make SouthwortKs your head
quarters.
€OULD A COED EVER POSESS . . .
303; Baldwin, 304 Van Bohren, 307.
1 p m.—Koim, 302 ; Dannimiller, 303 ; Schockency, 304, Weber, 306; Ball (Chan),
307.
2 p. m.—Schocken^jy, 302; Lonz, 303;
Kmlman, 304 , Kuch, 806.
3 p. m —Neal, 302; Lonz, 303 ; Gardner,
304 ; Kuch, 306 4 p m.—Neal, 302 ; Gardner, 303 ; Ball breakfast at 9 a. m. Sunday, October 18. (Chan), 304 ; Humphrey, 806. —THORNTON
Alpha Phi Omega: The regular meeting will be held Tuesday, October 20, at 7:30 p m in Room 804 of the Union. Dr. Hunt will speak. Pledges arc requested to attend.
—BENDER
All Women Swimmers: Monday, October
Soybean Meetings End With Grain Grading Classes
(Continued from page 1)
19.
gioup will practice. Advanced ballet group pi act ices Thursday, October 22, at 6 p. m. All who are inteiested try to come to one or both practices. —JOHNSON
a icception for President Elliott and Beginning at 9 this morning in aws Executive Board: MeetinK will bo
Janeth Dixon, Dotty Doddridge, Board of Trustees, to be held Ag Hall, the AAA will start the Aws'office.^^''^’ °*_croll
Joan Donnley, Betty Duncan, Judy Wednesady at 9:30 p. m. in second day of their two day soyDunnuck. Reception Room of the Union, bean conference here on the camMardelle Edwards, Pat Edwards, preceded by a dinner in honor of pus. Prof. F. E. Robbins, assisted Carol Elward, Pat Empfield, Eliza- the Board of Trustee members and by W. P. Inglis of the federal grain ^ beth Ford, Winna Fuchs, Mary their wives. Admission is by ticket grading office at Chicago, will con- ' Belle Funderbunk, Ruth Frier, only. fluct the session this morning. Madelyn Gabler, Marilyn Jo Card- Coolidge For Invitations Today’s meeting is being held in
For Sale—OpposBum coat. Reasonable. 1116 Main Street. Phono 76784. Lost—Slide rule in Fieldhouse. R. N. Krnmei. Phone 6339. Reward. Lost—Log-log slide lulc H. R A. 42 inscribed on case. $2.60 reward. Call
Howie at 31823.
Wanted—Students for extra work, after 4 p. m and evenings. Api^ly Memorial Un-
at 4:80 p m. the begmn.nn ballet F."t. Maltoy. aieht
Vocational Conference Committee: There will be a meeting Wednesday, October 21, at 4:30 p. m in the AWS office.
- CORNTIIWAITE
Model Railroaders: There will bo a meeting of Railroad Club members and all students interested in model railroading at layout, 4th floor Mechanical Engineering Building, at 4 p m Tuesday, October 20.
Lost—Dark blue silk umbrella with dear handloi Reward. Phone 61164. Programs, tickets and all kinds of punting at painless prices. Kane's Print Shop, 401 S 29th St. Phone 6206. Lost—Between Home Ec. Building and West Side Cleaners, October 9, wine fountain pen. Reward. Phone 7471. Mildred Smith.
too many sweaters? Foolish question number ner. Pal Gayloid, Jean Gibson, Those wishing to attend the re- cooperation with the Indiana Grain ’“’'"“-armictrong*’''
cardigans and slipcovers—all wool ana mix- uossert, marie cnag, viiKnua Coolidge at once, tures, plain weaves, and the newer and novel dat- Groves, Mary Ann Green, Madeline officers of the University Club for meal weave. Of course almost every sweater is a Grotness, Pat Harding, Juile Hardy, 2942.43 are: President, C. S. Doan; good thing, but there’s a special beauty about Betty Harrison, Joan Harrison, vice - President, Claio Coolidge;
these,in Colors; red, green, bittersweet, lilac, white and grass gi-een, Ginny Heckart, Jan Heinmiller, Kay gecretaiy-Treasurer, Ed. F. Deger-
just to mention a few. These are all Jane Irwill fashions and the Heitmann, Marguerite Henderson, ^ prices range from $2.49 to $5.98. Noma Hill, Jean Holston, Helen
Hoskinson, Harriet Howard, Pat
' ' Huber, Carolyn Hyman, Nancy
Hackson.
Betsy Jansing, Marion Johnson, Shirley Jones, Mildred Jordan, Lydean Keim, Jean Kelly, Mary Kep-
ner, Ruth Klansing, Jane Kline- ^ ... j n 1 a * ’ „ ... College Unions and the Billiard As
felter. Sue Knappenberger, Helen
A. W. Herrington, president of Koch, Rosann Krahn, Joan Korte, the Society of Automotive Engi- Bette Lu Krudup, Jean Larramore, neers, delivered an address, “War ponna Leever, Marge Libbert,
On Wheels,” to the Indiana see- Marian Lively, Emily Lloyd, Mary velopmeiit of billiard interest in our tion of the SAE at the Antlers Hotel McCarmick, Betty Ann McCreery, colleges. It took him sovcial yeais in Indianapolis last Thursday eve- Martha McCulloch, Pat McKnight, to build up the college interest but ning. Following Herrington’s talk, patsy McLoughlin, Peg McLaugh-. he was rewaidecl for his elToits
Foresters Will Hold Annual Meeting October 29 To 31 ' War-time uses of hardwood timber, timber sales from state forests, the use of airplanes in locating and reporting forest fires, and strip
SAE Hears
A. W. Herrington
Billiard Champion
(Continued fiom page 3)
is now on his 11th annual tour of Ameiican colleges, a toui which is sponsored by the Association of
sociation of America.
Developed Collegiate Interest Peteison is ci edited with the de-
mine land problems and their solu
tion will be among the many topics John A. C. Warner, SAE General |jjj^ Virginia Lee MacDonald, Jinny when the colleges instituted inteithat will be discussed on October 29 Manager and Secretary, made some Martin, Julia Martin, Rosemary collegiate play in pockets, stiaight-
damage in storage of the beans. This morning’s meeting will deal specifically with the grading and classifying of soybeans. Final session of the group will begin this afternoon at 1 p. m. in Ag Hall. Haury Malin Provides Music For 150 Couples Last night Maury Mahn furnished the syncopation for the 150 couples who attended the “Slipstick Slide” mixer. The mixer was designed to hono)' those engineers from othei campuses who were attending the Engineering’' College Magazine Association here on cam-
pus.
To remind the couples that it was
•lunior, Scalar Enfiineers: Thompson Piocluctb Inc., Clovelaml, Ohio, will show and conduct a gioup meeting at 4 p. m. Tuesday, October 20, in Room 108 of the Mechanical Engineeiing Building. All those interested aie urged to attend —VOGLER Town Girls Club: There will be a meeting Monday, Octobei 19, at 4 p in in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union All be there —AINSWORTH Playshop Ticket Salesmen: Ple.ise return ail unsoid season books to Playshop Office at once •—DELONG
• DOES YOUR' PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWOUTH'S
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
to 31 when the 21st annual meeting of the central states section of the Society of American Foresters meets at the University.
First of Its Kind
University forestry and conser-
comments.
Martin, Marge Matson, Maiy Mat- fail, and three-cushion play. Last fQ^. engineers the theme was carried
As an added feature a fighter tix, Susie Mayer, Joan Menefee, year, for the fiist time, sectional
plane sound film, “Look to Lock- Levon Merchant, Marge Millei. winnois of the college titles weie heed for Leadership,” was shown p^tsy Milne, Patty Moffitt, Gloria ’’^'^ught together at the University through the courtesy of the Lock- Peg’ Morledge, Marilyn Wisconsin, in Madison, for a na-
heed Aircraft Corporation. Muellei, Betty Murphy, Betlianne playofi A. W. Herrington served as tech- Murphy, Lejehn Nelson, Leslie Pete, who is legarded as one of
x 1 1 J 1. TV nical advisor on President Roose- keelson Rosemary Oosch, Isabelle the gicat billiaidists of all-time,
vatmn department, headed by Dr. .^,gj2>g industrial Commission to the oidham’Jean Wilma Palmer, Dotty visited more than 200 schools, boys’
Far East last year. Herrington is Elizabeth Peet, Becky clubs, army and naval posts and civvice president and chief engineer pgj.ghjn’g., Jean Petit, Nedra Pierce, ic centers last year. This year he
E. R. Martell, will be host for the meeting, the first of its kind to be held on the campus. A number of Indiana people will appgar on the program, including R. H. Giabow of Bedford, supervisor of Indiana’s national forests; J. C. Craig of Evansville; H. C. Hyatt, director of conservation for the Indiana Coal Producers’ Association; C. M. Carpener of the Indiana State Division of Forestry; B. H. Bentley of the
of th^ pany.
Marmon-Herring ton Com-
Sylvia Pittman, Sylvia Polites, Jane expects to show his wares before Post, Betty Purcell, Jeanette Pur- 250 groups on his curient tour, cell, Ginny Reynolds, Mary Fran- which will keep him on the load ces Robinson, Jean Reick, Lois Rem- well into the spring of 1943.
niers, Marjorie Riddell, Rita Rich-
out using the engineers mainstay, the slide rule, for a background. Alpha Phi Omega . . . announces the pledging of the following men, who were inadvertently omitted from the list of pledges published in the last edition of the Exponent: Robert W. Slack, South Bend; H. L. Smith, Paducah, Kentucky.
YOU U FIND n REAl tCONOMT to HAVI CtOTHIS SANITONtO
for your CLOTHES SANITONE means LONGER MILEAGE
, Our Sanitone Service cleans to the heart of the fibre, releasing imhetlded dirt and grit. It removes perspiration stains and revives dull colors.
DIAL 7278
132 NORTHWESTERN
AMERICAN EAUNORY
ards, Martha Lee Riggs, Bobbie Jean Riggs, Lura Roberson, Betty
Rose.
Mary Lou Sanders, Jane Scare,
Girfon To Show Slides At Services Tonight Professor R. E. Girton will pre-
sent his colored slides and discussion on “Southern California Mis-
State Division of Forestry; T. E. sions and the Exposition” tonight Jean Scheidleik, Mimi Schmidt, Shaw, of the University staff and" ^t the regular Sunday Evening Ves- Schnapp, Marilyn Scuddci, acting state forester of Indiana, . .. i. i. u ■ j-i. Lucille Schwandt, Annette Short, and C. F. Klee, Indianapolis, Indi- ^ . Doiothy Sieb, Louise Silei, Sue ana Hardwood Lumbermen’s Asso- Wesley Foundation Building. Snyder, Jane Sprague, Evelyn elation. ’ At 5:45 students will meet in the Stein, Lora Ann Stephenson, Pat At the annual banquet on Friday *h’uinpus room” for fellowship and Stenberg*, Joan Stevensj Jo Stoeltevening, Dr. Henry Schmitz of the I'ccreation and at 6:30 will go to the iu^i Joan Sullivan, Frances ThbmpUniversity of Minnesota, president Great Hall to see Prof. Girton’s pic- son, Jean Thompson, Lois Thompof the Society of American Fores- tures and hear his discussion. Every son. Marge Thoms, Maiy Tumble, ters, will be the puncipal speaker. University student is cordially in- Rosemary Tuber, Jeanne Tudor, Pat
PATRONIZE EXPONENT
ADVERTISERS
I OleH IHtlls Studio i 4c . . )<- 4c (Distinctive Portraiture) 3- ^ 205 East Slate ^ tc Phone 3413 J
vited to attend this service, whether he lb a regular member of the Wes-
ley Foundation or not.
PIA
Chess Team To Hold Callout Tomorrow The University chess team, sponsored by Dr. F. D. Martin, will hold a callout tomorrow night at 7 in the card room of the Union. The chess team is in need of new men sin^ three of the team’s top five men have graduated. The chess team will play the Indmna team on the day of the football game. Since the tradition started six years ago, we have won three game.s and Indiana has won three. It has so happened m the past that every time the football team loses the chess team wins and
vice versa.
Cooperative Bureau To Hold Crop Contest Indiana Farm Bureau Cooperative is sponsoring a vegetable
demonstration contest at the An- New Haven, Connecticut, which nual Muck Crops Show to be held admits only women who have obat the Albion High School on Sat- tained baccalaureate degrees, is acurday, November 21. In announcing celerating its progiani. A training this contest, Ro.seoe I raser, exten- course is being planned for next sion specialist on muck crops, spring, to begin possibly in Maich states that any high school voca- oi April, and applications are being tional class in (he state is eligible leceived now. At the end of 28to compete. months’ training, the student will The team winning this contest leceive her Master of Nuising dewill receive a tiip to the National gree. Vegetables Growers meeting in Anyone interested should consult 1943, if this meeting is held. If it the Placement Service foi Women is not held, an equivalent trip will in the Executive Building for furbe given, ther details.
(Continued from page 1) judged must have their entries in the PIA office by Friday evening; the decorations must be completed by Saturday morning and still in wjoiking order when the displays are judged; and the decision of the judges will be final. The judging of all decorations will be done Satuiday after the homecoming game by Dr. E. T. McBee of the Chemistry Department.
No Entry Fee
There is no entry fee for this contest and the contest itself is limited to independent and cooperative as-
sociation houses. The halls are not i^cal chapter
included in this category.
Tuhey, Mary Van Epps, Jane Van Gorkum, Mable Vaughan, Maijorie Vaughan, Mary Vaughan, Rosemary Wade, Verna Jean Walker, Joy V/amplei, Shirley Wildman, Sis Wiley, Shiiloy Wileinan, Jacqueline Wells, Doiothy Yates, La Veine
Zino.
If You Want Good Work On Your Garments
SEE
JOE'S TAILOR SHOP STATE & CHAUNCEY
Ag Econ Club To Hold Picnic NexI Thursday Agriculture Economic Society will hold a picnic next Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock in Dean’s pasture, for all students and 1 acuity in the Ag school. In case of bad weathei the picnic will be held in the Livestock Judging Pavilion. Feature of the afteinoon will be a softball game betweeii^he Ag faculty and seniors. 'TjKire will also be the Yellow Dogrtnitiation foi the
MILLIONS LISTEN WHEN IT’S BRiikh"?' jaim % MILLIONS PREFER
Placement Notes
For Women
Yale University, $chool of Nurs-
iYICTORY BUY
UNITED STATES WAR BONDS AND STAMPS
The only correct way to break in a pipe is to smoke it. Linkman’s mechanical smoking machine Pvta-Smehei. every DR. GRABOW with fine tobacco.
Southworth’s
DON’T FORGET HIM!
/
The Post Office Department has informed the public that packages must be mailed before NoV. 1st
in order to reach men overseas by Christmas. DO y^R XMAS SHOPPING NOW! See the complete assortment of gifts for men in the
service in Southworth's
DOWNSTAIRS GIFT STORE (Wrapping Service Available)
Gifts Gifts
they they
will likewill Appreciate— at FIRM ECCK&5LPH.Y STORE 30B-IO fTATE JTREEI WEST LAFAYETTE IND
Southworth’s