f
Z-185
Founded In 1389
X/pj04ie4i/L 9 Daily Since 1906
Volume 52, No. 115
West Lalayette, Indiana
Sunday, February 16, 1941
SpecialConvo;
ASCAP-BMI
Producer Wells Announces Final Cast For New Union Show—Harem Scarem
Production Prepared As
ers Lose To Buckeyes, 57-38
It’s the number one hold-out of the year (Joe DiMaggio not excepted) ! It’» a calamity, a catastrophe; not only that, but it keeps us from hearing “Stardust.” Oh, you know what we mean, this ASCAP vs. BMI feud of the century. We’ve heard vague rumors as to what it’s all about, but confidentially we’re a little confused—as to who’s holding out on who, etc. However, we won’t be in the dark very long because next Tuesday night Carleton Smith, music editor of Esquire (the ladies’ favorite) and Coronet magazines, is coming to the campus to explain the whole thing. Now, Mr. Smith is quite an authority on music, having discussed sharps and flats with such notables as Mr. Churchill, Mr. Hitler, and Mussolini, and credit must be given to Tau Kappa Alpha, WBAA, and the campus musical organizations for bringing him to the campus to give us an inside view of the situa-
tion. I
The meeting at which he will speak IS to be in the form of a forum and will be opeh to all students who are interested. The date: Tuesday, February 18; the time: 7:30; the place: Eliza Fowler Hall. So, if you’re confused and aren’t even sure what it’s legal to play on a “juke box/’ c’mon over to Fowler Hall Tuesday night. Maybe we’ll all find out who's the sour note in “the great discord,” who knows! Christian Foundation Meets Tomorrow For Discussion The Student Class convenes tomorrow at V:30 to learn of “The Need for Co-operation Among the Churches.” Professor O. F. Hall will instruct the class, which meets in the Lafayette Christian Church, 6th
and North Streets.
The discussion of the Forum topic, “Christian Conscience and the State,” tvill be led by members of the Peace Committee of the Relig-
ious Council.
A play called “A Little Leaven,” which develops an inter-racial theme, will be given for a special vespers service. i At 4:30, a Memorial Service will be held in honor of Robert McColly. Robert, who was killed last December in an automobile accident, was an active senior member of the Foundation, k.r.
Approach Of Spring Sees New Threats Of War In Balkans By John T. Whitaker SPECIAL RADIO to Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc Rdhie, Feb. 16.—As Spring weather approaches with chances for Hitler to stake everything on the invasion of Great Britain the tripartite partners are trying to stack their cards for that great effort, and repercussions are already being felt from the Iberian and Balkan peninsulas to the Far East. Axis negotiations with France and Spain have been shrouded in the noisy secrecy of Fascist headlines, with their inevitable innuendo of future surprises, and now the impending crisis in the Balkans and the Far East clash for principal headlines in Italian newspapers. Surrounded by Foes The British rupture with the Rumanians and the threat of withdrawal from Bulgaria has been followed by the summoning of the Yugoslav statesmen to Salzburg. It will be remembered that the Germans several times negotiated for peace between' Finland and Russia and finally brought a cessation of hostilities when the Russian face had been somewhat retrieved by a military victory. Faces Crushing Action The Grheks must feel now that they can follow Finland’s lead or usk being crushed by simultaneous invasion from three frontiers. It is significant that II Popolo di Roma prints a report that the Bulgarians again are urging quick satisfaction of old claims to the Aegean port at the expense of the Greeks. In this way the Axis could cut the Turks off from the Greeks, probably without involving Turkey in war, it is
hoped here.
Consequently, in anticipation of its invasion effort the Axis obviously hopes to clean up the Balkans just as it makes an effort to bring Prance into the new order with a definitive peace.
Deadline At Noon ForAWS Petitions All petitions of freshmen for the position of representative on the AWS executive board must be in by noon today. They may be turned to Paula Zwierlein in Wood Hall, or the AWS office in the Union. In order that freshman voters may more easily identify the candidates, a snapshot should accompany the peti-
tion.
Any freshman co-ed is eligible for the position. Petitions should read: “We, the undersigned, do hereby nopiinate (Name) for the position of freshman representative on the AWS executive board for the second semester of the year 1940-41,” and must be signed by 26 freshmen women. Elections will be held in the Union Wednesday from 8 to 6, and voters must have their passports. Ellen Bassett, chairman of elections, IS in charge. The second ground school Ineeting for freshmen interested in working on AWS will be held Monday at 4 in the AWS office. m.j.f. Italian Paper Lays Blame For Jap Troubles On U. S. By John T. Whitaker SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily IJews, Inc Rome, Feb. 16. — Predicting a worsening of the Pacific situation, the Relazioni Internationali, a review of foreign affairs, says that “Japan has clearly insisted on her desire to maintain cordial relations with the United States,” but that the “acts of the American government during the last six months seem to be directed in the opposite direction.” Dr. S. S. Cromer ... of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology department talked to the Agricultural Education Society last night on the subject-«f “How to Interview for a Teaching Job.” ^
Part Of Folks' Day Fete Production of the new Union show, “Harem-Scarem” will begin immediately according to Willis Wells, producer and director of the show, who yesterday announced the cast for the musical comedy which Will be presented in the Hall of Music on Saturday, March 17, as a part of the Mid Term Folks Day program. Well known campus characters as well as national and international figures will be featured in the show which will be similar in style to the Union Thanksgiving show, “Everything But Onions,” which was sa successful last semester. Willis Wells and Bill Hayt, who wrote the Thanksgiving show, again produced the script. Dancers, particulaily boys, are still needed for the show. All members of the cast and any who desire to try out as dancers should meet in the tower room of the Union Monday afternoon, February 17, at 4 o’clock. Cast Comedians for the show will be headed by Ollie Lynch, hit of “Everything But Onions,” who has progressed from the barefoot country lad that he characterized in that show to- a “college joe” in “HaremScarem.” The complete cast of comedians includes Bob Stanbaugh, George Corbus, Don Dickson, Frenchy Leinweber, Vern Hosselman, Don Brinkerhoff, and Bob Thompson. Nancy Knotts will play the Sultaness, and the “Soothsayer,” affectionately known as “Elmer,” will be enacted by Harry Kellar. Tickets for the show are now on sale for 16 cents at the west desk in the Union and in the various fraternities, sororities, halls and rooming houses. Folks’ Day Mid Term Folks’ Day will open Saturday afternoon with a bowling match between “Doc” Miller’s renowned Pill Rolleis and the Univei sity “All Stars.” At 3 o’clock the sororities will piesent “Co-ed Capers” in the south ballroom of the Union, the ten cent admission charge to be used to send girls to the “Y” camp. There will be a tea dance at 4:30 in the north ballroom to which all are invited, r.l.h
World Student Service Fund Opens Campus Drive
By R. R. Ruimion It is common knowledge that one of the greatest evils of the present international strife is the distraction of educational facilities. In Europe and the Orient thousands of potential genii are being deprived of a chance to develop themselves, and what is more important, are depriving the world, through no fault of their own, of the fruits of their talent. China Hard Hit China is worst hit. After four long, devastating years, 91 out of 108 Chinese universities have been destroyed. Only 46,000 Chinese students have escaped annihilation. On the shoulders of this pitiably small group lies the responsibility for the future leadership of four hundred million people and the duty to retain and pass on intact the vast accumulated culture of countless generations. One third of these students are totally dependent upon relief for their education. Starvation sits in every classroom. Often one book serves 200 students. It seems an almost impossible task, yet these courageous people have the will to carry
on. Poverty has only shai'pened their desire. All they need is the essential topis for education, and food. \^Refugees Fill Europe The gravity of the European sequel to this story is fast becoming almost worse than the Oriental pictme. There are at least 3,000,000 prisoners of war in Continental Europe and thousands more in England and Canada. Great numbers more loiter, interned, in Switzerland. All these live restlessly in large camps. Social and educatipnal development is a minus quantity. Great waves of individual refugees wander over the face of Europe. They are without funds, often without the right to woi'k for their owp bread. Add to this already overwhelming total the numbers of destitute women students dependent upon relief. Now hold the picture at an arm’s length and study its fuller meaning. There they are — young, white, knowledge-starved — the cream of Europe, the crop that will be shaping the destinies of the Continent in another score of years. Who knows how much their minds have ^already been poisoned with hatTed and anti-
social doctrines? If they are to guide Europe into sane, democratic channels, their minds must be inculcated with true ideals, now, before it is too late. They are still willing. Provided with books and facilities for learning, their starved minds will drink great droughts of knowledge with the thirst of the dying. Organize For the Future Thinking men in this country, searching for assurance of a saner future world, have become aware of this gaping need. They have set up an organization to alleviate this major pain in a troubled universe. It is called the World Student Service Fund. The Fund has allied itself with other powerful organizations and set up as its purpose the salvation of student leadership, the creation of good will among nations, and the fulfilling of the moral imperative of the widest human fellowship. Every institution of higher learning in the country is recognizing the movement and lending its support. Committees are being formed to acquaint the student bodies with the details of the structure.
WSSF has already made a powerful beginning here at the University. The remainder of February will be devoted to spreading the plan about the campus. Rusty Layson, H. H. Ku, James Schickler, and Bob Belcher form the nucleus of a publicity group. They will meet at 4 p. m. tomorrow to map out details of the campaign. The general committee meets Tuesday at 4:16 p. m. Those interested are invited. Campus Groups Contacted Already contacted are the governing board of WRH and Pan-Hellen-ic Council, both of whom have pledged their fullest co-operation. Other campus clubs and residences will be visited soon by speakers prepared to answer questions. Appropriately, the University religious groups are observing Sunday, February 23, as “World Student Service Day.” The Cosmopolitan Cluh plans to put on a show in the interest of the drive. Proceeds from the Union show, “Harem Scarem,” will go to the fund. All forces are being concentrated toward making the University’s contribution a substantial part of the $100,000 WSSF hopes to solicit this year.
Fisher Paces Ohio Offensive; Sprowlf Blemker Lead Riveters
By L. Archibald
Spcciiii To Purdue Exponent
Ward Lambert’s Riveter cage squad, habitual Ijate starters in the face of Big Ten opposition, failed to apply the usual comeback tactics in the Coliseum, last night, as Ohio State’s up-and-down Buckeyes routed the visitors, 57 to 38. Frosty Sprowl and Don Blemker did their best in trying to keep pace with the uncanny scoring ability of the high flying Bucks. Sprowl dumped in six baskets and the lanky Blemker followed closely behind with
■ Fisher Hits As might have been expected, the shaip shooting of Dick Fisher was largely responeible for the safe lead maintained by the Bucks from the first few minutes until the final gun. Fisher connected with eight field goals and three free throws for a total of 19 points and scoring honors for the evening. The stocky forward, who also applies himself to a first team halfback berth on the Scarlet and Gray football team, entered the game with a total of 84 points for the season, second only to Wisconsin’s Gene Englund. Last night’s scoring spree boosted Fisher over the 100 Inark by giving him a
new total of 103 points.
In the first half the Riveteis missed every free throw attempt, thereby tossing the chance for a conference title out the window. Fouls were as plentiful as fleas in a barracks in the second half and the Boilermakers were still a little shaky from the free throw line, although there was an improvement. A one hundred percent partisan crowd of 6,(MM) souls kep^ the Coliseum in constant bedlam as they watched the Buckeyes trade places with the Riveters in the Big Ten race; the Bucks now roosting in
third place.
WBAA Holds Open House; Broadcast From New Offices Yesterday marked the end of WBAA’s successful reign in the EE Building and the beginning of a new era of broadcasting in the front half of the new Music Hall basement. WBAA had visiting day yesterday from eleven till four o’clock to help advertise their new location and eneouiage more attendance to their programs. At eleven o’clock a steady stream of interested spectators filed into the Music Hall to enjoy the broadcasts and examine the new of-
fices.
The public was permitted to go through the modern rooms of the WBAA studio and observe how the broadcasts were carried on. They were able to watch through a sound proof window all that was going on in the controller’s room and from a radio in the room listen to a program which could also be seen through the window. The broadcasting room for the public is a large, soundproof room seating approximately four hundred people. Campus Varieties closed WBAA’s visiting day program, which starred Irv Givens and his popular campus band. Walter Short, assisted by Joyce Burnham, acted as master of
ceremonies. New Show
After a few numbers by Irv Giyen’s band, Short announced a new radio show called “Answer It oi Else.” Two persons weie picked fi om the audience, a man and woman, and told to identify three tunes played by the band. After they had recognized the tunes, they were diiected to repeat the titles in the order of which they weie played to form a sentence Fiom there each was given fifteen seconds in which to form his sentence into a short narrative. George Pecha, of Cicero, Illinois, and Elaine Louis fiom Chicago University, were the two persons chosen for the
show.
Also on the program was Donald Brinkerhoff with a Charlie McCarthy - Edgar Bergen act, and Carolina Wood sang, as a special number, “Lover Come Back To Me.” The program closed with Irv Given’s band playing the tune “Rose Room.”
c.r.m.
SCA Dances To Music Of Given's Orchestra 260 members of the Student Cooperative Association, with their dates, danced to the music of Irv Given and his campus band last night in the North ballroom of the Union at the association’s annual informal dance. The organization’s black shielded crest, containing the initials “SCA” and the well-^own twin pines in the silver circle, formed the centerpiece of a large robin-egg blue backdrop which was prepared for the occasion by Union workers. The dance was open only to SCA members and was included in the social activities of the organization for which all members pay dues, c.v.t.
Pnrdae <38)
FG
FT
Sprowl _ .
•
0
Blanken
1
1
Riley
2
3
Caress
1
1
Blemker
. 4
0
Fields
1
1
Korschot
0
2
Polk
0
0
Eieffer
•
•
Adams
. »
»
Totals
16
8
Ohio State <57)
FG
FT
Fisher
8
3
McLain .
3
2
Joigenson
3
2
Dawson
_ 0
3
Gecowets
„ 7
1
Graf
2
0
Mpf R
•
Davis
0
0
Mickelson
e
•
Young
0
0
Totals
23
11
PF 2 1 4 3 1 3 1 2 0
Frosh Debate Team Enters Annual Meet To give members of the fi%shmen debate team both needed experience and the opportunity to gkin distinction, they have been entered in the annual Manchester-Huntington College Debate tourney February 21' and 22, at North Manchester and Huntington, accordiiig^to Professor P. E. Lull, debate head. Sixty-five colleges and universities have enrolled for the eleventh annual tourney this year. It is the, original non-elimination type of tourney, devised to give each team the greatest possible opportunity to gain experience rather than to pick a championship combination. The question, “Resolved, that the nations of the^ western hemisphere should form a permanent union,” will be thoroughly discussed since there will be an average of 150 debates an hour for the duration of the meet. Members of the local squads attending the meets are: Gordon Chapman, Richard DeLong, George' 2lissis, Lew Cohen, Don Johnson, Guy Bensard, Clem Pope, and Dale Butz. W. W, Wilson . . . BS ’89, has taken a position in the personnel department of the Consolidated Aircraft Corporation at San Diego, Calif., and will leave here next BViday to assume hie duties March L4’ •^1
j,,a ^ I (i
//
PjBb^2—£dil&
Sunday^ February 16# 1941
6>uMtwL Sxpotumt
'Vt-
Democtacy Fights
Democracy, as we know it, has long been criticized on the basis of its inability to rise quickly to meet an emergency. In particular, its critics have pointed out that divided authority is inadequate in the event of war—especially in the event of the modern lightning thrust designed to subdue coippletely all those not thoroughly prepared to resist. In the struggle now taking place on the floor of congress, we see democracy striving to overcome this weakness. And, with the nation at such a crisis, we see legislators ignoring the vital import of the issue and casting their ballots on the basis of outmoded policies of congressional checks on presidential power. All circumstances point to the fact that, theoretically neutral or not, America is allied
with Great Britain. For reasons expressed poorly by such slogans as, “Britain is our first line of defense,” and “In Britain’s defeat we lose our only friend,” the people have taken the side of the island nation. And now we have turned to consideration of the problem of how to make our assistance efficient. The lend-lease bill was designed to have this effect. Mere good wishes will not support a tottering nation before the onslaught of a conqueror. Its passage will , throw open to England a wealth of military reserve and release all her strength for use against her enemy^ If this bill becomes law, American democracy will have stripped itself of its festoons of red tape in at least the matter of military aid to Britain. Hitler’s quick decisions will no longer be able to run circles around slow and powerjealous congressional machinery. Democracy is trying to save her face in a world where governmental speed and efficiency is demanded. We are trying to rise to meet the crisis. Should we fail, then indeed the dictators may point to democracy and scoff at its clumsiness.—r.m.s.
The ^th Colnmii
We are not alone in our column troubles. Hitler has his share of backhanded resistance, too. Or at least that’s what the reliable rumor leaks are spouting. But they haven’t coined a name for it yet. Let’s call it. The tenth column.
To allow for possible fifth columii expansion here.
And it’s a fairly well organized set-up that the little men who hate the government have worked out over there. In Germany itself, they circulate pamphlets during jblackouts. Only one hitch queers the wobks. It’s too dark to read them.
But maybe they pay out candles.
With two propaganda floods, one to read in the light and the other to read in the dark, the people have trouble keeping up with their reading. What they need is. A “propaganda of the week” club.
Personnel Notes
Please consult bulletin boards for furthfer information.
COMPANIES COMING TO THE CAMPUS THE WEEK OF FEBRUARY 17, 1941.— Firestone Tire & Rubber Co., Akron, Ohio. February 17, 18, and 19. ChE, ME, and Chemists. American Steel and Wire Co., Cleveland, Ohio, February 17 and 18. ChE, EE, ME, and Met. E. Chain Belt Co., Milwaukee, Wise. February 18. ChE, and ME. Swift and Company, Chicago, 111.
February 18. ME. Caterpillar Tractor Co., Peoria, 111. February 19 and 20. ChE, EE, ME, and Met. E. Mead Corporation, Chillicothe, Ohio. February 19 and 20. ChE. Bendix Products Division, South Bend, Indiana. February 19. ME. Public Service Co. of Northern Illinois, Chicago, 111. February 20. ME, EE, PSE. Cincinnati Milling Machine Co., Cincinnati, Ohio. February 20 and 21. ME. Devoe and Reynolds, Louisville, Ky. Februaiy 21. ChE and Chemists (Srs. and Graduates). Harvard Graduate School, Cam-
TODAY - MONDAY — TWO SWELL HITS
fJAGK OAKIE JOHN PATNE AtLEN lENKlNS* ESTHER RALSTON • NICHOLAS BROTHERS • BEN CARTER ADDED
LARRY CLINTON and His Orchestra IN 'LISTEN TO LARRY'
JOHN UTEL nUEDA INESCORT BULY DAWSON .CHKISTIAN RUB
First Lafayette Showing
Join heavenly Hedy and romantic Jir.i.ny in the exciting modem love story of a beauty who had 24 hours to get married... and wanted to remain an unkissed bride! It's all love and laughter as Jimmy finds the surprising answer!
m HUNTER VERREETEASOAU D0NA19MEER
Starts TODAY UfMKSTII
bridge, Mass. February 21. Seniors —all schools. Corn Products Refining Company, Ax’go, Illinois. February 21. ME.
COMPANIES NOT VISITING CAMPUS BUT SEEKING MEN THROUGH PERSONNEL OFFICE. Ebasco Services Inc., New York, N. Y. EE. Automotive Gear Works, Richmond, Indiana. ME. Standard Railway Equipment Manufacturing Co., Hammond, Indiana. ME. (Industrial o,r Railway Option), The Travelers, New Haven, Conn. All Seniors. The H. K. Ferguson Co., Inc., Cleveland, Ohio. ME. The Panama Canal ,Wsinrga The Panama Canal, Washington, D. C. ME and CE. McDonnel Aircraft Corp., Robertson, Missouri. ME. Ingalls Shipbuilding Corp., Pascagoula, Miss. CE, EE, and ME.
In Norway, Adolph’s legions have the natives knuckles down, but they can^t seem to control Mother Nature. She communes only with her favorite Scandinavian sons. And they co-operate occasionally to cook up. A well aimed landslide.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered aa second class matter at the post office fn Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for Ir section 1108, act of October 8, 1017, anthorteed January 80, 1922. Published daily except Monday during, t^ r^culay academic year and weekly during the Sommer Sesaton. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail aul^ scription $8.60 Editor-in-Chief. ;—R. w. Oonahns Business Manager Jlsrle Hagmneyer Publication Stiff News Editor,.^ J. H. McKee
Managins Editor. D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: N. A. OchiU^, J. A> PuredL L. W. Ruffner, B. M. Skallernp, J. L. Trangott, Business Staff
Local Advertising Managers: D. 8, Powers, G. O. Loaders; Promotion Manager, C. KT Danglemaier; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Oirenl^tiop Manner, & fL Recktenwsid.
Co-ed Staff
Editor — — „JBetb Shnpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess.
Sports Staff
Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc,, College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Skallerup Day Editor: Bose
Issne Editor: Hadley Night Sports Editor: Adamson
Staff: Glosson, Peterson, Thomas, Howard, Fisch^, McIntosh, Runnion, Black, Fox, Hadley, Amos.
Aside from the usual items such as misfit parts and sand in the grease, the Norwegians have found a new angle. They are reviving all the old forgotten operation rules in their modern arms plants and adhering to the written law. The result is a maze of written forms and official okays for every small detail. They find that. Cannon cannot be loaded with red tape.
The canny Dutch are sitting tight. Their chief activity has been to misplace signposts in the hope. That Der Fuhrer will lose track of his Blitzkrieg.
To top it all off, the illegal “German Freedom” radio station, broadcasting nightly, includes as a part of its program a course of instruction in sabotagre. Apparently. They have no use for inefficient saboteurs.
•The Ratio
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
— ANDTHE BUMSTEADS’ NEWEST RIOT!
Based upon the comic strip created by CHIC Y0UN6
ALSO
ALL COLOR RHAPSODY
Well, the Greeks had a good dance Friday night in spite of Red Nichols. That fellow can play the longest and fastest pieces we have- ever heard. Funniest comment we heard came from Bob Hensel, Sig Pi, who said to his date, Adele Cole, “What if she smells your breath.” What was it. Bob, Halitosis or Blazer? Bertie was there, too, looking very unhappy with John Loomis. Reckon that’s the last we’ll be seeing of them—together, at least. Another mix-up has passed our way, too. Salty Saxon started going steady with “Casey” Hoskinson Friday night at one o’clock. From eight until one, however, he had a date with Jane Van Gorkom and Harvey Merrill had a date with Casey. Well, that’s keeping it in the same house, anyhow.
One gal who has the right idea about things around here is “Gussy” Gustafson of the Alpha Chis, Gussy says take all and promise nothing. Naturally, Herb DeGeorges doesn’t thing much of the idea, but so what ? You know, Johnny Oswald and Bunny Edwards almost beat us to the punch. Yesterday, we said they should do something about this pin situation, and they would have Friday night except that there were too many people around. Last night, however, they did do ■it. Johnny had to almost sign his life away, though. Speaking of pins, Bud Fischer of the Phi Kappa Taus put his on Pi Phi Marge Bowman just the other night. Read where there are 100,000,000 fence posts in New York state alone. Guess maybe that’s how those New Yorkers keep so well posted on things. Guess maybe I better shut up after that one.
301 of ME BnildinK. Those intending to take exams notify me before February 18. —AULT.
WAA: Meeting Sunday, February 16, at 6 p. m. at the cabin. Tho meeting is compulsory. —LASWELL.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, February 18, at 7:30 p. m. in room 134 of the Electrical Engineering Building. G. K. Miller wiU- speak on “Radio Receiver Detection." A new treasurer and secretary will be elected. All members are urged to be present. Use north door. —FREED.
WSSA: Publicity committee meeting in room 58 of the Union Monday, February 17, 4 p. m. —VAN HORN.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, February 18, 7:30 p. m. in room 802 of the Union. Business meeting for all members will follow. —BURROUGHS.
Yell Leaders: Meeting at 4 p. m. Monday, February 17. —ZUCK.
Activity Bureau Sophomores: Meeting in activity bureau offices, Monday, February 17, at 4 p. m. for committee meetings, —GIMLIN,
■Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, February 16, at 7 :30 p. m., room 261 of the Union. —RIEGLB.
Notices
Zouaves: Until further notice drill schedule will be Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 4 p. m. Those members who can not be present at these times, please leave the reasons for absence in my box in the Armory. Those who fail to do so will be considered temporarily inactive. Drill starts on Monday, February 17, at 4 p. m. —GIBSON.
Reamer Club: All members desiring basketball tickets for Northwestern game should leave only coupons with me or in the FIA box at ths east desk of the Union by 11 a. m., Monday, February 17. —GRIFFIN.
WSSF General Committee: Important meeting Tuesday, February 18, at 4 p. m. in room 212 of the Union. —BELCHER.
''The most explosive and hilarious comedy of 194V* —Red Book Itfogazitie
NOW SHOWING
Admission on This Picture Nights and Sundays 35c Week Day Matinees 25c (Tax Included) Children Always lOc
Make-up Examinations in BIE Couraes: Make-up examinations to remove I and C grades will be given in MB 11, 62 and 68 on Saturday, February 22, at 1 p. m. in room
WAA: Tumbling practices on Tuesday, February 19, Thursday, February 80. at 4 p. m. in basement of the Women’s Gym. —BRI-TTON.
NOW PLAYING
THE
ONLY THING HIS BULLETS COULDNT CONQUER WAS... ^
•terflRg IDA LUPiNO A gun-moll wUh a htort HUMPHREY BOGART
A dr$amvwUh a guni
ALAN CURTia ARTHUR KRNNROy JOANLESUZ RENRY BULL HENRY TRAVmS
Horticultural Society: There will be a meeting and election of officers on WedHMday, February 19, at 7:80 in room 117 ^horticulture Building, Refreshments will be served following the meeting. —RESNER.
Union Workers: Meeting of my committee in Union office Monday, at 4 p. m. —MURPHY.
Music Room Committee: Meeting Monday, at 4:1B p. m. in the Union office.
—FELLOWS.
.-if*’,!'®®*’* Choir: Rehearsal tonight from 7 , till 9 p. m. Everyone must be lAere. —STEWART.
Glee Club: Rehearsal tonight from 8 til 10 p. m. Convo music will be rehearsed. Every one must be present, -STEWART.
Modeni Dance Club: Business'meeting of all nrst semester club mombers Monday at 4 p. m, in the Women’s Gym. —SWOPE.
^pha Phi Omega: Meeting in room 212 of the Union Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. There will be an installation of officers. All members please be present. Refreshments will be served. —YA’TES.
Classified
Ads
^ FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repair^. All So kJ? portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 885 Main SL Phone, 8779.
„ „ FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cara ‘W all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone
whoever called concerning lost Cary oiS- E?" please cal} again. R. C, White. 2487. Reward.
Will person who took blue-grey topcoat from Coulter Hall call Hall, 6294,
Lost: A cameo ring—gold plated—black set (square). Call David Lybrook, GeOOL
■A':1 *
w #
E. /! M )
*' # ,a « ,vi
V i H
''■’ ( ;’>t,f #''s'5 ^
lUs.
puAdusL £xpomnL
Sunday# February 16# 1941
fiagiL 3 •Sf^B^ti.
Riveter Mermen, Wrestlers Triumph In Dual Tilts
Riveter Swimmers Dunk Chicago Maroons, 48-32 Coach Dick Papenguth and the entire Biveter swinuning team
had just cause for celebration yesterday aftocnoon after taking a strong Chicago squad in hand 48-32. Ihe meet, one of the best held yet this year in the home pool, marked the third Big Ten victory in a row for the Boilermakers and is an indication of
their rapid improvement over the past few weeks.
Drop First Two
Matmen Beat Wildcats. 23-11
,The Riveter matmen continued their winning ways yesterday afternoon in the murky coolness of the Fieldhouse as they hopped all over an invading band of Northwestern wrestlers to beat them by a 23 to 11 count. The victory made it four in a row for the hard working proteges of Coach Claude Reeck—a string that started with the decisive beating of Findley College and was kept intact by wins over Ohio State and Cornell College. The Riveters’ only setback was the one handed to them by Illinois Normal College in the first match of the year.
Flying Start
The match was all Boilermaker Tip until the fight in the 166 pound class, for the Eiveters won the first three matches, all by pinnings, and were leading 16 to 6. Northwestern’s five points at this stage chalked up for them was by virtue of a forfeit in the 128 pound division. Co-captain Casey Fredericks started the affair off right by pinning Walker in 1 minute and 12 seconds, then Chuck Allman took the 136 pound match by pinning Taylor, and the 146 pound fight was taken over by Jack Foster, who pinned Puharich in seven minutes and 20 seconds.
Flying Finish
The Riveter’s Jack Mullendorf lan into some trouble in the personage of Northwestern's McMillan in the 156 pound class and was outpointed nine to five. The match was climaxed in proper fashion by Frank Ruggjeri’s pinning of Watson, which was preceded by Joe Hlinka of the Riveters edging out Barton, five to two, and a Wildcat victory in the 176 pound division; Trubey beating Montgomery, nine to two. Montgomery, a 166 pounder by trade, was drafted into the 176 pound class where he ran into a set of gigantic shoulders that carried the name of Trubey. Although outweighed by twenty pounds, the scrappy Boilermaker managed to hold his own and made a very fine showing. The Northwestern squad IS coached by Wes Brown, wlio held the national intercollegiate heavyweight crown for three years in a row, back in the garly 30’s j d f.
frank Leahy
.... 88-year old graduate of Notre Dame with a twq-year coaqhing record at Boston College of 19 victories out of 2(y encounters on the gridiron, will sign a long term contract today in South Bend to become athletic director and head football coach at Notre Dame.
Stewart Represents State At Chirago Music Festival A. P. Stewart, Univeisity Choial Director, attended the mid-year conference of the executive boaid of the Chicagoland Music Festival held yesterday at the Stevens Hotel, Chicago. Mr. Stewart represented the state of Indiana on the executive board which is made up of representatives from Chicago and the entire Middlewest. Plans for this year’s festival were discussed at the afternoon session ■and following the banquet in the evening, the board members were guests of radio station WGN. Union Program Features New Classical Recordings The Music Room of the Memorial Union will present a recorded program of classical music next Wednesday from 7:00 to 8:00. These selections should be of particular interest since they have never been recorded before.
Riveter Quintet Seeks Revenge From Badger Five Tomorrow Hardly allowing time to catch their wind after last night’s hardwood encounter, the Boilermaker net forces are scheduled to come to blows with the powerful Wisconsin basketball aggregation tomorrow night at the Fieldhouse. Neither team will have any advantage as far as rest is concerned, however, since while the Gold and Black netters were hard at work fighting Ohio State in Columbus, the Badgers had their hands equally full as they entertained the strong Illini five. , Possessing one of the most highly
rated teams in the country, the Madison school’s squad has made a phenominal come-back following its tragic 44 to 27 loss to Minnesota in its opening conference tilt of the season. Since the Minnesota game early in January Coach Bud Poster’s charges have garnered six conference victories in as many starts and on the side overcame the opposition of the Butler hardwood forces last week-end by a score of 69 to
55
Earlier in the season, on the 13th of last month to be exact, the Badger quintet caihe from behind in the second half of the Riveter squad’s third conference match to dish out a bitter 48 to 42 defeat to the then most highly rated Boilermaker team Most fervent wish of Gold and Black i ooters at present is that their quintet will be able to upset any plans the Mndison squad may have for the capturing of the Big Ten crown If Riveter Coach Piggy Lambert’s boys are in the same fighting mood when they take to the floor tomorrow that they were when they faced Indiana’s previously undefeated five the Wisconsin lads ■will more than likely journey back to Madison with one more defeat to fret over With the Riveter quintet’s two injured offensive spark plugs, Blanken and Igney, likely to see action again tomorrow, the possibility for a strong Riveter attack’^eems very probable. In contrast to the rapidly changing Boilermaker starting Iine-up, Badger Coach Foster has started practically the same players throughout the season. High scoring Gene Englund is the traditional Wisconsin center and the chances are that the lanky Englund will again be one of the chief worries of the local hardwood stars. John Eotz, a sophomore at the Badger institution, is the lad who has been doing most of the work at one of the forward spots for Coach Poster. Paired with Kotz in the usual Wisconsin team is Charley Epperson. Ted Strain and Fred Rehm are thp two lads on the Wisconsin team usually assigned to the task of guarding their basket, d.w.m.
Decisive Phase Of War Expected By British In Month By Helen Kirkpatrick SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc London, Feb, 15.—^Within the next month the war will enter on its decisive phase, in the view of the most competent experts here. And it will be fought in the Balkans, the Far East and the British Isles. While news fiom the United States on the Far East is better than it was, that situation is regarded here as having deteriorated considerably during the past few days. While the firm attitude of the United States, Britain, Austialia and the Dutch East Indies may have administered a slight check to Japanese exuberance, it is not believed to have altered Germany’s plans for
Japan
Kent Coast Likely Point It was the view of the first American military experts to visit Britain last fall that the Kent coast would be the most practicable for invasion. It would be there, it is thought here, that the Germans would attempt to establish a bridgehead. So far, the civilian population "Eas not yet been evacuated, though in the eyes of military experts this step should have been taken. That it has not been has probably been dictated by political expediency The government is reluctant to take steps which it thinks might alarm the people. It IS likely that final preparations for invasion cannot be kept secret and the British think they will have about three weeks’ warning. Once again the Royal Air Force is hammering invasion ports in daylight and night raids. The Germans have now ordered the evacuation of the civilian population throughout the coastal area from Lorient to Hol-
land.
OPENING WEST SIDE OFFICE at 332 Northwestern Avenue Plain Garments Cleaned and Pressed 3 for $1.00 EAST SIDE CLEANERS
312 South 16th St.
Phone 7807
Ring Leader Benna Sends Nine Boxers Into Tourney Finals Out of the twenty-eight hopeful young pugilists awaiting the gong next Wednesday night announcing the beginning of their big fight in the Lafayette Golden Glove tourney, nine will be products of Riveter Coach Joe Benna’s careful
training.
Wednesday’s battles will be the fourth in the series at the Lafayette Armory and will decide the ■winners in the various weight classes who will later journey to Chicago. Fight Twice A Night Although four men remain in all of the classes except the hea-vy-weight and light-hea'vy dmsions, one representative * in each class will be picked on the same night. This means that the winners of each of the two semi-final bouts in each division must go into the ring a second time in the same evening. Plenty of power should be on display in the hea'vyweight bout since both lads are mighty men indeed. Barry French, 230 pound Boiler-, maker football player, is scheduled to battle Floyd Starks, 210 pound Lafayette negro, a veteran of many
ring wars.
Beers Slugs Notable among Boilermaker •victories in the ring last Wednesday when the local pugilists last came to blows was the win that Jim Beers scored in the second round when he kayoed Wendell Meenach, who hails from Lebanon. Rollo Boughan, another Gold and Black product also won his. match by a knockout His opponent, Morris Andrew, a CCC boy lost the bout in the first round by a technical KO Representatives of the Boilermaker squad who are scheduled to see action next Wednesday are as follows 118 pound class, Robert Phillips; 126 pound class. Jack Threlfall, John Pyle; 135 pound class. Bill McClure; Jimmy Beers; 147 pound class, Rollo Boughan; 160 pound class, Horace Payne; 175 pound class, Donald Daley; hea'vyweight, Baiiy French dwm Joes And Hep-Cats Swing Out At Dance The campus joes and hep-cats had a big evening last night when the Union held the first joe dance and swing session of the semester to the music of Bill Martin and his orchestra in the south ballroom of the Un-
ion
TKki
LIPSTICK fyCORDAY Here's a new Lipstick by Corday — famous French parfumeur. The cose is an engraved triumph of the jeweler's art—and there are five flattering shades to make one's lips more
naturplly lovelyl
DAIRM—Msbt DUIK—jrespbsrry RAINIOW—erdiM SVNSIT—Hiadiem ll•H1lllll•
The Riveters got off to a somewhat shaky start in the first two events by dropping the 300 yard Medley Relay to the Maroons and then allowing Bill Baugher, star sophomore of the Chicago squad to take first place in the 220 yard free style. This boy Baugher incidentally was high point man for the Maroons, garnering 11 out of their total of 36 points. Chicago Takes Diving The diving events were won by the Chicago lads 6-3 ■with Crosby and Brown of their squad taking first and third places respectively. However, immediately afterwards the Boilermakers turned the tables by pulling down the identical score, in reverse of course, when they won and took third in the 100 yard free style In this event, Kratzer battled it out all of the way ■with Baugher to virin finally by a half length. Herr took third over luckless tail-ender
Luckhardt of the Maroons. A new varsity record was established by Anderson when he won the 160 yard back stroke ■with a time of 1:46.2, a scant two-tenths of a second under the old mark held by McCredy. Ohio State Next Week With Chicago out of the way for the fast-climbing Riveters, the spotlight of Big Ten competition ■wRl focus again on the Purdue pool whqn the Scarlet and Gray of Ohio State invade Riveter territory next weekend. O. S. U., national champions and second only to Michigan in last year’s conference standings ■will eon-stitute-the toughest test the Boilermakers have had to face in recmti weeks. The meet 'WiU be held Friday evening at 7:30 p. m. and should provide some of the most exciting home competition, of the year.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ) RISK 4th & Main Sts. Phona 5710
DEACS Everything for a College Education
• Photographers
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing HINEA PHOTOGRAPHER 634 Main St. Phone 7775
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C "Red*" Sammons '29 R. W. "Ooc" eapte '40
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
• Hardware
• Locksmith
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardwam We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Keys and Locks Keys fof tninks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUrrS 209-11 NSm St nm.282B
» Dairy Products M. E; MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALtTV MILK Phone 462)4f !-
figged-tlcL
'/
Sunday. February 16. 1941
fijuMduk, £xpotumL
PURDUE
Never-to-be-forgotten Scenes at School Dances.. Games.. Activities . .
FRIENDSHIP
ALL bound together in a book available to everyone . . .
Don’t Let Your College Days Slip from Your Memory
Action
Happiness
Fun
Sports
Don’t YOU Be Among Those Who Discover Their Mistake by Waiting Too Long PRICES ARE GOING UP!
Save Money—Don't Wait—Buy Your Debris
NDW!!
1941 DEBRIS