Michigan Slate f 0 Detroit 39 Temple 0 Tulsa 14
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair today and tomorrow with continued mild.
Oklahoma 10 Nebraska 14 Fordham13 Michigan 18 Illinois 34 Minnesota 21 Texas Christian 29 Notre Dame 9 Iowa Stale 0 iowaO South Carolina 0 Ohio State 0 Chicago 0 Wisconsin 0 Rice? Norlhwesfeni?
Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY November 20« 1938 Lodbyetlew Inxfiana
Vol. 50
No. 59
Z-186
Purdu® Retains Bucket With 13 To 6 Victory
The Week’s NEWS
BUSINESS Secretary Wallace . . . , , . ordered a new reduction of the acreage of major farm crops for 1939, in an announcement made last week. Setting a maximum acreage for corn, wheat, tobacco, rice, and pther soil depleting crops, he stated that farmers must conform to allotments in order to be eligible for a share of the 1939 $712,000,000 soil conservation subsidy which congress has appropriated. Establishment of this limit, Wallace stated, is intended, as before, to avoid accumulation of crop surpluses, and yet pr'o\ide for adequate domestic and export requirements. General Motors . . . . . . announced, last week, plans for an “income security plan” guaranteeing a weekly year-around income to 150,000 hourly-wage workers. Alfred P. Sloan, Jr., who made the announcement, said that the plan would become eifective January 1, but would apply only to those employees who have worked for two or more years. The plan is devised for aiding employees during slack periods when production schedules make it impossible for a full force to be kept working. Auto Show... . . . sales, indicated at the Chicago Automobile Exposition as the guage of the market, are approximately one-third better than last year’s, president of the Chicago Automobile Trade Association H. T. Hollingshead stated last week. Company executives in Chicago, watching these sales, have ordered increased production in the plants of the major manufacturers. This may give the automobile industry a chance to recover from the 47 per cent sales loss which they suffered this year. SPORTS Turmoil . . . . . . descended on the Iowa University campus this week as students, school officials and Hawkeye alumni threatened to take action if definite moves were not made to improve the status quo of the lowly Iowa football squad. Rumors were heard that Coach Irl Tubbs had resigned. Athletic Director E. G. Schroeder, also under alumni fire, inferred Friday that a change would not be made in the coaching staff until the close of the
season.
Irate fans and students insisted they would not support the team unless a change in coaches was made immediately. “It amounts to a virtual boycott,” Schroeder asserted. Rose Bowl Hopes . . . . . . soared high this week at Southern California with the announcement that Pacific Coast Conference officials would select their representative before the Trojan-Notre Dame game December 3. The group follows a precedent of voting for the western team after the November
games.
National Football .. . . . . standings went through a strange convolution this week as unknowns made their first appearance in the “holy pigskin ten” and former leaders climbed upward again to the peak in a nationwide sport writers’ poll. Notre Dame, successfully continuing its winning streak in a tough nine-game schedule, was conceded first place by 60 of the 92 journalists. Texas Christian, leader last week, garnered runnerup position, while Tennessee moved from post 4 to 3. (Continued on page 2)
Dean Wicks Will Speak Today For Religious Convo Expecting that there will be a goodly number of Purdue parents in his audience, Dr. Robert Wicks, dean of the Princeton Chapel and speaker at this morning’s religious convocation will begin at 10:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dean Wicks nationally known preacher, lecturer, author, and educator, will speak on “Homes That Transmit Our Heritage.” Two jPurdue choirs will furnish the music for the convocation. A main group of 150 voices and an echo choir of 30 voices will sing “Jesus Word of God Incarnate” by Gounod and “The Agony” by Stainer. The novel echo plan was inaugurated at the first religious convocation on October and proved very
successful.
Because a great many Purdue students will be entertaining their parents this week-end. Dr. L. Hadley, religious convocation chairman, is especially inviting Purdue parents to attend the convo. Dean Wicks showed a large and sympathetic understanding of the problems of student life in his book “The Reason For Living.” He drew most of the material for this book from his personal experiences and relations with students throughout
the country.
In his annual lecture tour Dean Wicks speaks at many well known universities and colleges in all parts of the nation. The University of Virginia, University of North Carolina, Vanderbilt University, and Ohio Wesleyan University hear him at least once during the year. In addition Dean Wicks addresses the student bodies at many boy’s schools in New England and a large number of eastern and middle west-
ern schools.
Lou Brock To Speak On College Program Featuring the interview of Lou Brock and one of the Indiana football heroes, the College Circuit program over radio station WFBM at 11:45 this morning will dedicate the program to Indiana and Purdue. Hank Miller, of the Purdue radio staff, and Dick Haskett, an Indiana U. announcer ■will review yesterday’s game and give a resume of the. high points. Louise Edwards will conduct the program which is sponsored by the L. Straus Company. Union Anniversary Dance To Feature Clyde McCoy Clyde McCoy and his far-famed Sugar Blues orchestra will swing out next Friday night as the Student Union holds the Union Anniversary Formal Dance. Tuxedo and tails will be in style for the holiday dance which will be attended by
460 couples.
There are still 100 tickets left, according to an announcement made
last night.
Lutheran Club To Discuss War, Christian Attitude “What is the Christian Attitude Toward War” is the topic to be discussed by the Purdue Lutheran Students’ Club at the regular meeting in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building this evening at 7:30.
Students Qan Obtain Fantasy Tickets On Noy. 27,22 In Union Students may obtain reserved seat tickets for Black and Tan Fantasy by presenting passports at the main Union desk after 4 p. m. on Monday and Tuesday, November 21 and 22. Only 700 tickets "will be available for either afternoon or the evening performance. According to information from directors and officials, this year’s edition of the annual Thanksgiving show promises to be one of the fastest, most scintillating, jitteriest musical comedies in the history of Student Union sponsored presenta-
tions.
Features of the show, besides the music of Irvan Maury and his band, will be dancing-gal numbers, under the direction of Betty Jo and Rufina Sexton, and arrangements of professional minstrel songs presented by Paul Worcester and a singing chorus. Knockout numbers, featuring the girls beautiful both in face and figure, and possessing luscious, soothing voices, should set the hearts of Purdue eds beating at a faster pace, as well as provide a definite increase in “enthalpy” (heat energy to you, non-engineers). Phyllis Baker To Give Violin Redial In Music Room Today For Dads In a program of special interest to dads, the music room committee will present Phyllis Baker in a violin recital at 4 o’clock this afternoon. Mrs. E. C. Baker -will be the accompanist . University visitors, faculty members, and students are invited to attend the program. The doors will be closed at 4 o’clock and "will be opened only at intermissions. The program will cohsist of the following selections: Concerto No. IV. in G Major by • De Beriot. I. Allegro maestoso. II. Andante tranquillo. III. Allegro moderato. Intermission Ave-Maria by Gounod. Serenade by Bach-Gounod. Romance from Second Concerto by Wieniawski. Ghost Dance by Levy. Waltz in A Major by Brahms. Hungarian Dance No. 6 by Brahms.
One For Jack
Jack Brown, who yesterday put on a one-man track meet with Indiana’s opening kickoff for the first six points of the afternoon.
State High School Debate Conference Convenes Dec, 2 Fraternities, sororities, and co-op houses with extra bed space are asked by the speech department to cooperate to house delegates for the High School Debate' Conference, Friday and Saturday, December 2 and 3. The conference committee requests anyone with extra rooms that night to call the speech office phone 3802. Seventy-five cents will be paid per person for all high school students taken in for the night.
Tickets...
. . . are still on sale for the second annual aquacade, sponsored each fall by Dolphin and Triton clubs, swimming honoraries, it was announced today by J. H. Jacobi, in charge of sales. Limited supply of these ducats is available at the Union desk, fraternity, sorority, and co-op houses, at 40 cents for either night, next Friday and Saturday.
Welsh Imperial Singers To Appear For Third University Convocation
Known throughout the world for their impressive singing and striking performances, the Welsh Imperial Singers will appear before students and faculty members of the University during the third convocation of the year. It will be held in the Memorial Gymnasicun tomorrow night and Tuesday night. Noted for their stirring rhsrthm apd rich harmony, the Welsh singers bring with them one of the greatest repertoires of modem choral singing. Opening each program with the “March of The Men of Harlech,” rendered in their native tongue, the Welshmen continue with songs of English, Scotch, Welsh and American origin. Acclaimed Over World The voices of the singers themselves have been acclaimed all over the world. Their remarkable accuracy in rhythm and pitch, their enthusiastic fervor and refreshing briskness, and their sturdy honest quality have astonished and delighted audiences not only in this
And One For Lou
Brown Runs Initial Kickoff 96 Yards For First Touchdown; Dumke Counts For Indiana; Lou Brock Also Scores
By R.L. McDonald
With Jack Brown, Purdue’s 165 pounds of battling dynamite, starting the annual Old Oaken Bucket clash in characteristic style by returning the opening kickoif 96 yards for a touchdov^ Hoosier football fans 33,000 strong, threw discretion to the winds and cheered themselves hoarse yesterday. The Purdue Boilermakers, playing top football, downed a hard-fighting Indiana eleven 13-6 to win possession of the coveted sjnmbol of football superiority for another year. - ■■ Miiiii I II — —I In complete contrast to last year’s
13-7 Boilermaker triumph, the game was played in perfect football weather. The stands were filled to overflowing, and the underdog remained the underdog in the final scoring. With the Purdue team displaying an exceptionally good offensive attack during the first half, it appeared that the game would timn into a Boilermaker route.
Fans Take It Easy
And when Brock obtained the second touchdown of the game for Purdue three minutes after the second half had started, the fans settled back to watch the Boilermakers push the Hoosiers off the field. But the Crimson squad was far from
licked.
When Elward, Purdue coach, substituted an entirely new team shortly after the fourth quarter had gotten underway, the Hoosiers took advantage of the situation and opened up -with a brilliant aerial attack which netted them four first do'wns to reach the 7 yard line. On the next play Dumkettook the ball -wide around left end and slithered across the goal line for Indiana’s sole tally. Wearing the Old Gold and Black for the last time, Co-Captains Joe Mihal at tackle, and Paul Hmnphrey at center, along -vdth hard-driving Tony Ippolito in the fullback position, climaxed three years of stellar football performance by playing bang-up ball throughout the game. Brock Stands Out “Langmd Lou” Brock definitely established himself as one of the best backs in the country by his outstanding work, while speedy Jack Brown matched his stellar performance in last year’s contest by playing his best game of the year. Three Purdue sophomore linemen. Jack Winehell, Herman Timperman and Dave Rankin gave definite indication that they can be relied upon to form the nucleus for another brilliant Pmrdue team next year.
Lou Brock, the Kansas cyclone,
who ran the Hoosier ends and their tackles dizzy in aiding the Boilermakers’ efforts to keep the Bucket. Lou was the high point man of the
day gathering seven points.
country, but throughout other mu-sic-loving countries. Seniors and freshmen will be admitted by passport on Monda^ evening and juniors and sophojnores on Tuesday evening. Green staff tickets will be honored on Monday, blue staff tickets and tan townspeople’s tickets on Tuesday only. In case an exchange of evenings is desired by the students, passports must be deposited with Prof. Gunn, 213 Purdue Hall, or with Miss Stover, history office, in Recitation Building, before 5 o’clock Monday. Single admission tickets ■will be supplied to replace passport or season tickets, and a limited number of single admission tickets will be sold at the door at one dollar each. The Student Union has planned a reception in the main lounge of Memorial Union Building tomorrow night, immediately following the convocation. Director R. Festyn Davies and his Webh Imperial Singers will be guests of honor.
Gold Link No, 9 PURDUE Position INDIANA Thursby LE Widaman Mihal LT Stevens Bykowski LG .... Bucchianeri Humphrey C Sloss J. Winehell .... RG Logan Timperman ...... RT Haak Krause RE Petrick Hennis QB Graham Brown LH Oliver Brock RH Clasen Ippolito FB Herbert Substitutions, Purdue: Ends, Mackiewicz, Rankin, and Spehn; tackles, Rossi, VerBHue, Diehl, and D. Johnson; centers, llomingstar; halfbacks, Byelene, Tykocki, and Petty: fullbacks, Juska, and DeWitte: Quarterbacks, Montague: guards, Verplank, and L. Johnson. Indiana: Uremovich, Rucinski, Nicholson, Oliver, Smith, Sabol, Tofil, Bemson, Campagnoli, Naddeo, Stevenson, Nagy,
and Bringle.
First downs 14 Yards gained rushing (net) 146 Forward passes attempted 18 Forward passes completed 8 Yards by forward passing 78 Yards lost, attempted for. passes.. IS Forward passes intercepted 1 Yards gained on intercepted passes 2 Punting average .41.7 Total yards, all kicks returned 127 Fumbles 4 Opponent’s fumbles recover^ 0 Yards lost by penalties 26
Other Scores Army 19, Princeton 7. Harvard 7, Yale 0. Syracuse 13, Columbia 12 Michigan State 10, Temple 0. Manhattan 13, West Virginia 0. Villanova 39, Boston Univ. 0. Bucknell 16, George Washington 0. Georgetown 14, Maryland 7. Lafayette 6, Lehigh 0. Missouri 26, St. Louis 0. Georgia Tech 0, Florida 0. Auburn 23, Georgia 14. Tulane 88, Sewanee 0. Centenary 4,8, DePauw 0. Pennsylvania 39, Boston U. 6.
Game Summary
First Quarter Bucchianero kicked off for Indiana to the Purdue 4 yard line where Brown returned the ball 96 yards for a touchdown, ■with only one man laying a hand on him. Brock’s extra point attempt was good. Score: Purdue, 7; Indiana, 0. Humphrey kicked off for Purdue to Indiana’s 4 yard line. Clasen returned to I. U.’s 31 but fumbled and Ippolito recovered for Purdue. Brown gained 7 through left tackle and Ippolito added 3 for a first do'wn on the 21. Brown and Brock added three and Hennis lateraled to Brock, who made a first do'wn on the 10 yard line. Hennis failed to gain at center. Brock’s pass was intercepted by Herbert on the 4 yard line. Quick Kicks Clasen punted from behind bis o'wn goal to Brock on the 60. Purdue failed, to gain and Brock kicked out on the Indiana 25. Herbert and Oiler gained two yards on a seriw qf plays and Clasen kicked to Brock on the Purdue 29. Brock quick-kicked to the Indiana 18 where Clasen received and returned to the 38. Oliver (Continued on page S)Rw iX «!;:»'»' ““t. »
«Tii
h, ,*
I,'
^dihudcd
NEWS of the WEEK
(Continued from page 1) Duke, unscored on and undefeated, managed to acquire fourth place. Other members of the group in order are Pittsburgh, Carnegie Tech, Oklahoma, Cornell, California and Holy Cross. Purdue Boilermakers slipped from position 24 to 34. WASHINGTON Fifty-One Per Cent . . . ... of votes cast in last week’s elections fell to GOP candidates according to post-election survey made this week. Said President . . . .. . Franklin D. Roosevelt this week concerning Nazi treatment of Jews, I myself could scarcely believe that such things could occure in a 20th century civilization.” Said he, in connection with his summons requesting Foreign Ambassador Hugh Wilson to return to America, “I asked the secretary of state to order our ambassador to return at once for report and consultation, with a view to gaining a firsthand picture of the situation in Ger-
many.”
German Ambassador Hans Dieckhoff was ordered back to Berlin from his government as protest against FDR’s declaration. Cabinet Changes . . . .. . appeared on the horizon in multitudes this week Attorney General Homer S. Cummings has asked to be relieved and will leave the cabinet to resume private law practice in January. The resignation date has not been oflScially accepted as yet. Robert H. Jackson is thought to be in line for Cummings’ post. Other changes, not actually official, but adding to U. S. political unrest in the form of rumors, include the resignations of Secretary of Commerce Roper, Postmaster General Parley, Secretary of the Navy Swanson, and Secretary of War Woodring. NATIONAL John L. Lewis ... veteran labor leader, was elected first president of the Congress of Industrial Organizations following a 28 minute demonstration by over 500 delegates representing 3,800,000 workers at a Pittsburgh convention this week. According to Philip Murray, vice-president of the United Mine Workers Committee, Lewis’ goal will be the “better distribution of the profits of industry.” FOREIGN German Economics Minister.. . . . Walther Funk, this week announced that nearly one-third of German Jewish wealth had been taken by the Nazi government in its
SLACKS For Wear in Classroom and on the Campus Newest shades and styles in herring bones# I tweeds# and the new coverts. Most of these come with: zipper# hypleated waist# self belt. $2-95.$R.50 COME IN AND SEE THEM
Rosenthal’s
322 MAIN STREET
latest drive to eliminate Jews from economic life in Germany. Of the total Jewish wealth, about seven billion marks ($2,800,000,000), two billion marks passed into Aryan
control.
Ernest Von Rath . . . . . . secretary of the German Pans embassy, who was fatally wounded by a Jewish youth, Herschel Grynszpan, in Pans, was given a martyr’s funeral Thursday in his home town, Duesseldorf, where 50,000 mourners paid respect to the young diplomat. Great Britain and ... . . . United States representatives studied a $160,000,000 plan for mass exodus of Jews from Germany to British colonies. Plan details include opening of undeveloped Britain colonies to German Jews, with the United States and other nations financing the resettlement.
■ SUN.-MON.-
RKO-RAOIO PICTURB wftft LUCILLE EALL • RICHARD lANI jvm TRAVIS • FRITZ FiLD • TOM KINNIOY also Short Subject
THE FUBDUE EXPONENT
J'jiaiuJuiA
Stindoy# November 20# 1938
Cinema Cues
WAR Withdrawal ... ... of Republican forces from the Ebro River right bank, Friday, concludes one of Spain’s greatest civil war battles. The battle lasted four months with an estimated 100,000 combatants killed or wounded on both sides. Today the front is just where it was in July; Rebels and Loyalists are facing each other across the muddy waters of the Ebro. Insurgents are planning a new offensive towards Valencia, and Tarragona, reports state. China’s Armies . . . . . . yesterday appeared to have Japanese invaders at a standstill for the moment. Although accurate information is lacking in the face of conflicting counter-claims, foreign observers believe the Chinese are making a little progress in the South China drive. Chinese troops are fighting strong Japanese forces who seek to strengthen their foothold gained with the captrae of Canton. RE:QUOTES “German Policy .. . . . . regarding the Jewish situation is irrevocable,” stated one prominent Nazi editor this week in answer to questions concerning Hitler’s purge of the Jews. “That policy,” he continued “is that the Jew in due time must get out of Germany unless he is so old that death eliminates him.” Dejected and Rejected . . . . . . Indiana politicians defeated in the recent election went crying on the shoulders of Hoosier executives this week in an effort to get their ballots counted again. Among other things, the office seekers claimed that “some of the voting machines were defective; also, some of said machines were tampered with unlawfully; and there were mistakes or fraud committed in the official count.” Heading the list of hopefuls is Raymond E. Willis, who bowed to Senator Frederick Van Nuys. Following the recount, he will place his case before the United States Senate. Sports Edition Night Editor—R Jenkins. Junior Assistants—J. A. Hebbeler, R. J .Deckard. Sophomore Assistants—J. Dolan, N. Arkin, M. Richards, S. Marquis. Freshman Assistants—S. Lutzky, J. Loomis, G. Jenkins, J. Adamson, and D Leckie.
ARC
By Betty Wickard Vienna ih the days of Johann Strauss, in the reign of Franz Josef, the happiest and gayest period in the city’s history, is the setting for “The Great Waltz” to be shown at the Lafayette Theater today and through Wednesday. Luise Rainer, as Strauss’ wife, Ferdinand Gravet, as the great composer himself, and Miliza Korjus, as the opera singer who won his love, head the cast. “Brother Rat” brihgs Wayne Morris to the Mars November 20-23, as the swashbuckling cadet of Virginia Military Institute whose rollicking adventures revolve around lovely Priscilla Lane, the sweetheart of
the academy.
Glamour girl Lucille Ball does everything from serving a prison term to practicing jiu jitsu for the sake of sweet publicity in “The Affairs of Annabel,” RKO Radio comedy to be featured at the New Main through Wednesday. Jack Oakie is the impetuous press agent whose brain storms finally involve his star in a series of exciting adventures with would-be kidnapers. Shirley Temple will be brought back to the Luna screen today and tomorrow in “Little Miss Broad-
way” a happy-go-lucky story of the plucky little trouper who saves her adopted father’s vaudeville hotel and fosters the romance of her 4^ beautiful sister, Phyllis Brooks, and George Murphy, rich heir.
Purdue Christian Foundation with Lafayette Christian Church 9:30—Student Class, Prof. G. H. Graves, speaker. 10:40—Morning Worship, Rev. L. Doyle Mullen. Sermon, “Give Thanks—For What?” 6:30—Student vespers. 6:00—Social hour and supper. 6:45—Round table discussion group.
Central Presbyterian 9:30—Student discussion of “A Working Philosophy of Life.” 10:40—Morning Worship. The pastor, Reverend W. R. Graham, D. D., will preach. 6:00—Student Forum at Westminster house, 129 Sheetz street. Dr. J. W. Robinson of the department of history, economics, and government will discuss “Political Parties.”
Wesley Foundation 9:30—Co-ed class at the Foundation, “The Parable of the Prodigal Son.” 9:30—Men’s class at the church. 10:40—^Rev. Steele will preach on “The City of God.” 6:00—Fellowship supper, 16 cents. 6:30 — Thanksgiving Communion Service, at the church.
Shirley Temple
Edna Mae Oliver, El Brendel, and Edward Ellis highspot the supporting cast. “Josette,” a merry tale of five sons who set out to rescue their “Papa” from a coquette will take over the screen of the Luna November 22-23. Simone Simon, as the French charmer, gets a chance to show her singing ability in such numbers as “Where in the World.” Don Ameche and Rolijert Young are the two smitten brothers. “Always Goodbye,” featuring Barbara Stanwyck and Herbert Marshall, the poignant tale of the woman who had to choose between her adored son and the man she loves, completes the bill. Gracie Allen turns the campus into a Broadway show in “College Swing” at the Arc today and tomorrow. Bob Hope and Martha Raye are aides in mirth.
St. John’s Episcopal 8:00—Holy Communion. Corporate communion for students, followed by breakfast at the parish house. 10:46—Morning prayer and sermon. 6:00—Young peoples fellowship supper. 7:00—^Program. Talk by Prof. W. E. Howland, “The Importance of Thinking.”
West Lafayette Baptist 9:30—Sunday morning class with Prof. T. K. Noss as the teacher. 10:36—Morning Worship “The Pine Art of Thanksgiving,” J. B. Gleason. 5:30—Roger Williams Club social hour. Lunch 10 cents. 6:30—Roger Williams Club discussion hour. Bob Cooley will speak on “Broadening Abroad.” 7:30—Annual church Thanksgiving festival. Prof. F. R. Hall will speak on, “History of Thanksgiving.”
NOW SHOWING A FIRST RUN MOVIE QUIZ CONTEST PICTURE
SHE'S KISSABILITY MIXED WITH DYNAMITE—IT'S A WOW!
(It’s Jack’s funniest role')
A aiewse star and her press agei,i. ... What he thinks up she dees, and v»hat she dees is NEWS!
RKO Radio s fast fvn and romance screamshow . with RUTH DONNELLY • BRADLEY FADE • FRITZ FELD • THURSTON HALL • EUSABETH RiSDON
. . WORLD'S BRIGHTEST STREET TAKES THE WORLD’S BRIGHTEST STAR TO IT'S HEART.. ITS A NEW WORLD OF ROMANCE LAUGHTER t' SONG FOR SHIRLEY AND FOR YOU UTTLE MISS ^ BROWWAY GEORGE MURPHY JIMMY DURANTE PHYLLIS BROOKS EDNA MAE OLIVER
LUMA
TODAY - MONDAY
‘Oh, bring him along, too—we’ll need a fifth for bridge anyhow, to mix the drinks and empty the ash trays.”
WBAA
MONDAY 11.00- --Prof Robert Phillips, American Institutions 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12.00— Agricultural Forum 12:16—Sports Review, Dick Shively 12 :80—Luncheon Dance Time 12:46—Mrs Jewell Cox, pianist. 1:00—^Town Crier
1 ‘IS—Monitor Views the News 1 30—Melody Momenta. 1 46—Market Reports 2 00—-The World We Live In 2.16—Highlights of S. A E Show 2 30—Foods-Facts-Fancies. 2 46—Mrs IViaurine Martin, violin 3 00—Symphony Hall 4 ‘00—Contract Bridge Chats. 4:16—Campus Personalities 4:80—^The Warren Family 4 ‘46—The Story Book Hour
When Frail Meets Male M Annapolis, it’s
Broadway’s 2«year mil* itary school riot* with
PBISGILLA LANE WAYNE milRIS JOHNNIE ’SCAT DAVIS JANE BRYAN • EDDIE ALBERT RONALD REAGAN • JANE WYMAN HENRY O’NEIL • Directed by WM. KEIGHLEY
NOW SHOWING
THE NEW M-G-M HIT! ^TIRRWG with music AJ that has been written on the very heart of the world •. . comes this romance of the life of Johann Strauss H, the World's Waltz Kmg! The M-G-M studios have poured all their resources mto the making of the greatest of screen musical dramas!
.“♦Iv
—plus— POPEYE CARTOON
STARTS TODAYi
Kiwanis
Gophers Defeat Badgers To Retain Big Ten Boilermaker Squash Title; Notre Dame Beats Northwestern Team Beats Wright
» Notre Dame Keeps Slate Clean With 9-7 Victory Over Fighting Wildcats Rated by experts as the “best Notre Dame team since 1930,” the Fighting Irish advanced another step toward the mythical national title yesterday as they downed a scrappy Northwestern eleven at Ev- ^ anston, 9-7. The Wildcats almost proved to be the stumbling block that would send Irish title hopes ^ tumbling as they scored on a determined drive and converted the point to lead at the half, 7>6i ^ Neither team was able to Score in the' first quarter, but in the second period Hofer intercepted a Northwestern pass and ran 66 yards for ^ a touchdown. Morrison missed the try for point. Shortly .afterward Hahnenstein, Jefferson, and McGum ^ carried the ball in a 51 yard Wildcat touchdown drive. Conteas then kicked the extra point and the half ended Northwestern, 7; Notre Dame, 6. Saggau, Sitko, and Zontini were the sparkplugs in a third quarter * Irish drive to the Wildcat 29 yard
Miimesota Victor 21-0 Over Wisconsin; Run By Buhler Starts Fireworks Playing under clear skies and with a crowd of 39,000 fans cheering them on, Minnesota renewed their classic battle with Wisconsin dramatically by beating the Badgers 21-0, for another Big Ten title. . A Badger rally in the first quarter just prevented a Gopher touchdown when the Minnesota backfield brought the ball to the half yard line before relihquishing control. The rest of the half was mainly a punting duel but two minutes befor the ^n, Buhler of Minnesota got the lead for the Gophers and Wisconsin never caught up. A third quarter touchdown combined with seven points in the final quarter against a fighting but beaten Badger team ruined Harry Stuhldreher’s hopes of winning the Big Ten flag for Wisconsin for the first time since 1912. line. Then Hofer returned to the game and finished the day’s scoring with a field goal.
RIGHT YOU ARE! Gullion's clothes for evening wear are traditionally correct in every detail. Complete your formal outfit now for the holiday season.
Phone 2237
316 State
Field Men Easily, 4-1 New squash courts in the Fieldhouse were successfully initiated today as Boilermaker squash players easily defeated a team of ofiicers from Wright Field in Dayton, O., 4-1, this morning. The officers literally blew up as Sokolowski, Eberhard. Blitz, and Jackson won their matches and Juve whs the only Boilermaker to suffer defeat. The five officers flew here this morning in army planes to participate in the. match, which was the first to be held on the new courts as they were opened for use for the first time last Monday. Michigan, 18; Ohio S., 0 After a ding-dong battle in the first quarter, Michigan asserted the power it has shown all season to drive across Ohio State’s goal line for its first six points in the second quarter of yesterdajr’s battle at Columbus, and go on for an 18-0
win.
Recovering a fumble on Ohio State’s 16 yard line late in the second period, the Wolverines quickly uouuujj moj;, puu ojisojx ^9*^008 added touchdowns for Michigan in the last quarter as the Buckeye’s waged a futile battle against a superior team. The victory gave Michigan a tie with Purdue for second place in the conference behind Minnesota. Illinois, 34; Chicago, 0 Completely outclassed by the fighting mini, Chicago’s Maroons dropped the traditional game, 34 to 0, before 8,000 at Chicago yester-
day.
Illinois opened the attack in the first quarter with a long pass, Peterson to Rettinger on the 1 yard line and scored immediately. One more touchdown in the second quarter and three in the last half completed the rout. The Maroon’s final quarter drive with a razzle dazzle variety of plays failed to penetrate the Hlinois goal line. Nebraska,' 14; Iowa, 0 Nebraska’s victory starved football team gained its third win of the season with a 14 to 0 triumph over Iowa.
By Bruce Witwer Three “B’s” again yesterday . . • no we’re not mistaken, we mean Brown, Brock, and the old Bucket ... all Purdue’s ... after last year’s demonstrations against Indiana, Brown believed in serving notice that he was still arotmd in a big way without any waste of time ... beyond a donbt that dash for the first score on the kickoff is the most sensational play which has graced Purdue’s gridiron for years and years. —fc— Not to be left out in the cold. Brock came back into the second half and made his bid for recognition as a touchdown expert. . . after yesterday’s game the team ought to form a “We Crossed Indiana’s Goal Line Club” . . . every so often someone would break loose from the Purdue line and tear across the Crimson and White goal only to have the play called back for something or other. —^fc— Another pretty play was the blocking of Indiana’s kick in the fourth quarter and Rankin’s running the ball over the pay line ... even if it was called back... Hennis did himself proud by displaying some super tackling all through the game. —^fc— Boilermaker speed outshone Indiana all through the game . . . even the band was faster than the lU outfit... we might throw some orchids in the way of Indiana, too ... we must admit that their players looked particularly fast as they ran on and off the field during substitutions. —^fc— Another play that we can’t forget happened when there were four minutes left to play in the third quarter ... Brown’s; sonthpaw pass to Brock, with Loii snagging the oval with one hand ... a beautiful pass and an equally beautiful catch . . . finesse we calls it back home. —fc— And so another season closes successfully . . . this year saw a better football team . . . better cheer leading . . . a better band . . . and better school spirit than for some time ... in fact, everything you
The eloquent fragrance of "Opening Night” perfume makes this one of the most irresistible colognes you have ever used. Come in for it soon ... and see if your audience doesn^t applaud and cheer.
DECKER'S
518-520 Main Sh
Phone 6477
Elmer Layden To Speak At Dinner Honoring Eliyard And Eight Seniors At the annual Kiwanis-Purdue football banquet, to be held Monday evening in the Memorial Union Building the eight senior members of ^he 1938 Boilermaker squad and their coach, Mai . Elward, will be honored.
Reeck Schedules Initial Wrestling Practice Monday
Preparing for the second year of wrestling activity after a layoff of several years. Coach Claude Reeck has announced the beginning of regular practice for the Boilermaker squad. All those interested in wrestling, are asked to report to the wrestling room in the Fieldhouse Monday afternoon. No experience is necessary. Veterans Among the returning men from last year’s team are Dawson, 118 pounder; Sieber and Burkheiser, 126 pounds; Linderman, 145 pounds; and Lederer, Willey, and Tyrell, 166 pounders. Sophomores who have shown promise and are expected to give the returning lettermeri a battle for their berths are AUmon, 135 pounds; Post, 176 pounds, and Rossi, a heavyweight. November 29 and 30, an all-cam-pus wrestling tournament will be open to anyone who wishes to enter. The competition will be divided into 118,126,136,146,166,166,175, 186 pound and heavyweight divisions, with medals going to the first three places in each division. Plans for the Big Ten schedule will be drawn up in December during the annual coaches meeting. At the present time. Coach Reeck is planning on haAung about 10 dual meets. Battery C-2... ... University Freshman Military division won the freshman militery softball tournament this week from. Battery E-3 by a score of 6 to 3. The final game was played in the Fieldhouse last Thursday evening.
can think of was pretty darned good. —fc— So we have a fitting football farewell to all of the seniors ... tied for second place in the Big Ten Conference with Michigan ... won three, tied one, and lost one. M —fc— As we finished writing this column we heard that the Purdue-In-diana chess game is in full progress . , . lU is out for revenge and is fighting hard to score a victory . . . we’re happy about the whole thing anyway.
Frank Triboulet, president of the Lafayette Kiwanis club and toastmaster for the Monday evening program, announced today that invitations to attend have been sent to more than 60 persons prominent in the sports world. In addition to the principal talk to be made by Elmer Layden, head coach of the undefeated and untied 1938 Notre Dame football team; Bob Woodworth, acting director of athletics, will be presented as will be Head Coach Mai Elward, who will introduce his coaching staff. Frosh to Get Numerals Triboulet also stated that the members of the freshman football team will receive recognition, and the most valuable player on the varsity team will be chosen. Captain for the 1939 squad will be elected. Don Pyke and his 12-piece orchestra will furnish the music dturing the dinner hour. Tickets for the banquet are being sold rapidly, according to Dr. W. S. Walters, who states they may be purchased from Southworth’s, Deac’s, Jennings’, and Decker’s for
$1.60.
Big Ten Staridings
Minnesota . PURDUE .
Michigan Northwestern ... Wisconsin Ohio State - Illinois Iowa ......... .. Indiana Chicago
W L T P OP 4 1 0 42 12
1 §8 20 1 83 14 2 32 23 0 64 60 1 80 51 0 58 61 1 43 62
4 0 15 40 4 0 28 146
.. 3 ... 3 „ 2 ... 3 .... 3 .... 2 .. 1 ... 1 ... 0
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
PlayshopfMarsTo Sponsor Contest Playshop and Mars theatre are sponsoring a joint contest for the best comment on the subject, “Is The Discipline of Military Schools a Necessary Part of Them.” The comment may be either serious or comic but must be based on events in the movie, “Brother Rat,” which opens at the Mars today.
Game Summary (Continued from page 1)
gained 5 on two plays, then Herbert hit center for 10 yards to the Purdue 48. Oliver passed to Huff for 6 on the 42 but Purdue was offside, and drew a 5 yard penalty. Oliver lateraled to Clasen for 3 and there Clasen punted over the Boilermaker goal. Purdue failed to gain and Brown kicked to Oliver on the Indiana 43. Clasen and Herbert gained two between them as the quarter ended. Score: Purdue, 7; Indiana, 0. Second Quarter Oliver passed to Clasen for a first down on the Purdue 47. Indiana failed to make the necessary yardage and Clasen punted over the goal. Brown and DeWitte gained 5 in two (Continued on page 4)
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT AlODERATE PRICES
ALLEN'S SCHOOL OF OAMCI N<a CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION FOR STUDENTS OF PURDUE Beginneris Opens Wed., Nov. 30th 7:30 P. M. Advans^d Opens Thurs., Dec. 1st 7:30 P.M. No Lessons Given During Holiday Vacation. P. M. AUen, Instructor ^ enroll now PHONE 2150
. i 1 'M J3bxaL OdA,
THE FOBDUE EXPONENT
*yi/dtic/LlL
Sunday/ November 20, 1938
Yuh know^ Toots....
This year's
is rumored to be e best ever.
lES,
Ti
Think I'll sound out the old man. Gotta find out who're the queens on this campus. Hope the old man comes thru.
I
R
Game Summary (Continued from page 3)
plays and Brock kicked to the Indi. ana 43 Herbert hit center for 5 yards but fumbled, Purdue recovering on Indiana’s 48. Brown made 9 around right end and DeWitte added 2 for a first down on Indiana’s 37 Purdue failed to make the yardage and lost the ball on downs on the 34 Brown Passes, Punts Hursh kicked on fourth down to Brock on Purdue’s 16 Brown lateraled to Brock who gained 15 yards around right end to Indiana 31. Brown punted to Hursh on Indiana 36 Hursh kicked on fourth down out of bounds on the Purdue 34, but Purdue was penalized, giving Indiana a first down A series of passes failed to gain and Indiana was penalized to its own 31 Hursh punted to the Purdue 31. Purdue failed to gain and Brock kicked to Hursh on Indiana 34, and Hursh returned to 47 where he fumbled and Purdue recovered DeWitte lost 6 on a fumble and Brown added 11 around left end Brock passed to Brown on Indiana 39 as the half ended Score; Purdue, 7; Indiana, 0 Third Quarter Herbert received Humphrey’s kick on the Eiveter 17 and returned to the 22 Herbert added 11 on two plays for a first down on 33. Herbert handed the ball to Clasen who made 12 around left end for a first down on 45 Clasen fumbled and Mihal recovered on 43 Indiana was penalized 5 yards and Brock made 20 around left end for first down on 18 Brown and Brock made a first down in three plays on the 8 Brown handed the ball to Brock who swept aiound left end for a touchdown Block’s kick foi extra point was blocked Score* Purdue, 13, Indiana, 0 Ball Handling Hursh received Humphrey’s kick off on 2 yard stripe, handed the ball to Maddox who returned to 15 Her bert added two first downs in quick succession to Indiana’s 42 Hursh’s pass was intercepted by Brock on Purdue’s 46 and returned to the Indiana 47 Brown made a first down on three plays to Indiana’s 35 Brown passed to Brock on 25 for another first down Brock and Brown added 8 m three plays and Ippolito hit left tackle for a first down on the 12 Three plays failed to gam and Brock tried a field goal from the 23 and failed Hursh passed to Graham on 24 Hursh hit left tackle for a first down on Indiana 31 as the quarter ended Score: Purdue, 13, Indiana, 0 Fourth Quarter Maddox took the ball from Dumke for 10 yards and first down on Indiana’s 41 Dumke added 10 in two plays for first down on Purdue’s 49 Hursh passed to Janzaruk on the 37 for a first down Dumke, Maddox, and Hursh added 16 yards for another first down on Purdue’s 21 Maddox lost 4 around right end, but added 6 on the next play Hursh passed to Janzaruk on the 7 yard line, for a first down On the next play Dumke rounded left end for a touchdown. Tofil failed in the extra point attempt Score: Purdue, 13, Indiana, 6. Bucchianeri’s kickoff went out of bounds on Purdue’s 47 Purdue
failed to gam and Brock kicked to Indiana’s 17. Hursh kicked on fourth down to Brock on Purdue 42 and Brock returned to Indiana 47. Purdue failed to make the necessary yardage and Brock kicked out on Indiana’s 8 yard line. Hursh passed to Rucinski for a first down on the 18 and lost 12 on an attempted forward pass Purdue blocked Hursh’s kick, but was offside. Hursh’s fourth down pass was incomplete and Purdue took over the ball on downs, on the 23 Brock and Brown made it a first down on Indiana’s 7. On four plays Purdue lost 25 yards to the 32 Bringle’s pass was incomplete as the game ended Final Score: Purdue, 13, Indiana, 6
MISCELLANEOUS
TTPBWKITBRS—All mmlttm, •WadMrd and portabl*. sold. »nreliaae^ rented and repaired. New Portable maehtnea aa low aa $29 76 Sappiica C F. Zbenhott, MS Main atreet.
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Brown topcoat tailored by A Nash Co Finder please Call Kleinhnecht 2424 Eeward
Black and Tan Fantasy: SlngrlnK chorus please meet in the tower room at 8 30 Sunday, November 20 Summers, Davis, Patrick, Wolcott Howell, Hoadly, Mertz, Whitehead, Avery, Amt, Hutton, Deuster, Smith, Chase Kellner, Small, Murray, and Pogue —WOKCESTER.
Cosmopolitan Clnb: Meeting Sunday, November 20, in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 4 80 p m —AYASUN.
LOST—Polyphase duplex slide rule Paul Forsythe on case Please return to SAE house Eeward
LOST—One tan embroidered mitten Return to or call Chi Omega
ROOMS FOR RENT
ROOM AND BOARD—For students Sylvia St
All Star Hocttey learns* me following girls have been chosen as members of the all star teams Gold team—Jeanette Morris, Captain Cook Major Memtt, ard, Blagrave, Vandiver, Fitch, Weizhorr, Maier, Hoover, Roderick, Campbell, Black team— Shaifer, Captain, McFarland, Schroder, Metzger, Walker, Swift, Rieman, Rubright, Harrison, Smith, Thomas, Fishleigh, Stickler —SHAFFER Delta Rho Kappa* Informal initiation Tuesday, November 22, at 7 80 in the faculty lounge of the Union building Bring fees and signatures —HANNAS
Purdue Sportswomen* Breakfast Sunday" morning November 20, at 7 80 at theWAA cabin All alumni are invited —SHAFFER.
Scrivener Meeting Sunday, November 20, at 7 30 p m at 202 Waldron street. Bring manuscripts guests coming —JUSTIN
Fifth Novice Pistol Group; Will fire Monday afternoon, November 21 It is expected to complete the fore of this group Wednesday November 23 —HAYFORD
Activities Bureau: All those who received letters from the Activity Bureau concerning the moving picture that is being produced, please send me, at the activities bureau, a dated list of your group or special functions, including the date time of day, and the place in which it is to be filmed —BAKER
FOR SALE
TAILS OR TUXEDO for sale Cheap Phone 65634
Episcopal Students Breakfast in parish house following Holy Communion at 8 a m. Sunday November 20, at St John’s Church —THORNTON
WATCH CLEANING $1 00, mam springs $1 00 crystals 25c and 85c Work guaranteed Kellar’s Watch Shop 223 Mam
Sports Women Those planning to attend the breakfast to be held at WAA Cabin Sunday November 20, meet at the Women’s Gym at 7 30 m the morning —SHAFFER
Modem Dance Groups* Joint meeting of vanced and beginning groups Mosday, November 21, at 4 p m in Women s Gymnasium —NEWMAN
Purdue Flying Clnb Debris pictures will be taken Sunday November 2, at 2 30 p m at the Airport —CHEVEDDEN
ATORALLY you'd expect finer Dry Cleaning from Crown!
From a firm who had been in the dry cleaning field as long as CROWN, you would expect to receive the utmost in scientific service. NATURALLY you would expect fine service— NATURALLY we would not disappoint you.
r I N E C L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTH'ES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
Deac has Jusi- received a large shipment- of RUSSELL WRIGHT'S new creations in spun aluminum. This will make a useful Christmas gift that will be appreciated and will last. Also, a shipment from England of the world famous YARDLEY Toilet Sets for both men and women. A Yardley Soap Bowl is the finest lather that you can use for shaving, and it will last a year. For only $1.00! ! ! If it gets cold, we also have ear muffs in many colors for both boys and girls, and fur gloves that are beautiful to look at, delightful to wear and priced right. H. G. REISNER BOOKSTORE - "Deac's"
Twas quite a game,” say the Dads Yes, the game proved to be a battle equalled only by previous Purdue-Indi-ana battles. Here’s to those Boilermakers who won the game and to all of you loyal Purdue fans.
ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 52S Alabama
After You We Come First Phone 4048
ing me one while he's here for fhe I. U. game.
I go for ft
D
B
R
I