.t'>-
K'
*1 ik
Nazis'Success Due ToSlavNegligencer Foreign Editor Says
Serbs Denied British Use Of Airports; Let Germany Take Complete Initiative
By Carroll Binder (Foreign BMitor of Chicago Daily News.) NeVs Editor’s Note: These are paragraph excerpts from Carroll Binder’s weekly review of the war^s news.)
The speed with which German forces have overrun large sections of Yugoslavia and Greece is due in part to able advance preparation ^s well as to the superior military strength of Germany. In the Balkans as in virtually every other sector of the war the initiative Jay whblly with Germany. The Greeks and the Yugoslavs knew that Hitler was determined to subjugate them by force if it could not be done otherwise but they neither took steps themselves nor permitted their British ally to take steps to upset Hitler’s plans in advance.
Denied Use of Air Ports
They did not permit British bombers to take off from their airports to destroy German troop concentrations and communications in Bulgaria and Hungary or the Rumanian old fields, which represent the solar plexus of the German war machine just now. Such preventive measures might have spared both Yugoslavia and Greece some of the disasters they have suffered in the first week of ' the war in the Balkans but they chose not to risk incurring Hitler’s wrath prematurely by taking the initiative.
Lack Of Organization The British geneial staff was rebuffed when it sought to confer with the Yugoslav staff during Prince Paul’s regency. Nor did the Yugoslavs and the Greeks confer in advance of the Yugoslav coup d’ etat, which probably is a principal explanation of fihe amazingly quick Severance of the ^ Greek-Yugoslav lines and lightning seizure of Salonika.
But Walter Duranty, who has been covering Russia for more than 20 years and who is one of the few foreign journalists to be permitted to visit Russia in the last six months, thinks Russia means to adhere to its policy of neutrality in the war. Despite the large Red Army concentrations on the Soviet border from the Black Sea to the Baltic, Duranty says there will be no Russian challenge to Germany and that Russian oil, food and other supplies continue to go to Germany despite deteriorated relations between the two countries.
The sum of these observations is that Germany is forging ahead faster than is generally appreciated and that Italy’s conspicuous weakness is not going to be a decisive factor in the war—at least at this stage.
Doty Relieves Knybill
As Ag Chemistry )tead
* D. M. Doty of the staff of ‘Agricultural Chemistry department has been named acting head of that department in the place of Dr. H. R. Kraybill who has been granted a year’s leave of absence, it was announced yesterday. He has also been made acting state chemist on the campus. Kraybill will direct scientific research for the American Meat Institute.
A graduate of the University in 1929, Doty obtained'his blaster’s degree in 1932 and stayed on the campus, spending his first seven years on feed control analysis work and since then on plant chemistry. This last year he has led the Frasch research project of the AGS in a study of the composition and nutritive value of farm^ crops with a view of improvement. r.r.r.
Appointment
yy
Volume 52, No. 155
West Lcrfoyette, Indicma
Sunday, April 13, 1041
As The Sun Rises...
On Easter morning of 1941, University student pastors present their views and comments.
Immortality Of Real Self
After the blackout of Christ on Good Friday, there was an Easter dawn. Christ was alive. Something happened to His disciples; they were no longer cowards and weaklings; they were as bold as lions. They preached with courage and faith. Our faith today is that Christ lives in spite of wars, destruction, and hate. We believe that love is stronger than force and hate, and that God will win as He has always won. His spiritual values, such as justice, mercy, forgiveness, love and brotherhood will live in spite of material forces which seek to destroy these values. Christ must be risen in our hearts. We must cease our quarreling over who should roll away the stone from the-tomb. We must cease crucifying him again with our prejudices and selfishness. We must not deny him in the time of Crisis. We must have faith that the idea and cause for which Christ died and lived is worth believing in; worth living and dying for. There is immortality of the real self. Our best self continues on. “Because I live, ye shall live also.” We must keep that spirit alive. We must not stop being Christians now. We must keep on keeping on. Hold fast to your ideal and spiritual values. They do not die and neither shall we. This is the Message of Easter. Rev. J. B. Gleason, Baptist.
BULLETIN SPECIAL; MARK 16 “He is risen: He is not here: behold the place where they laid him. Go tell His disciples and Peter that He goeth before you into Galilee: there ye shall see Him, as He told you.” ♦ *
'Be Ye Firm'
What is the message for Easter, 1941, A. D.? I would suggest reference to Paul’s answer for the year 41, A. D.; “Be ye firm and unmoved, always doing the thing you ought to do, giving the lie to every suggestion of the futility of life, knowing that the seemingly useless things have their place in the warp ajid woof of the fabric we are weaving under God’s hand.” But how can we be firm and unmoved in a world of such change and uncertainty as we all face today, opposite every program a question mark, in every plan a contingency, civilization tottering, empires falling ? “How can we be unmoved in such a world?” Just as we have always been. The condition of today is different from that of other days only in degree. It was never safe to stake one’s life on material achievements. The Master was speaking everyday comman sense when he advised against the risks of moth and rust. The only real achievements of life have always been the achievements of the spirit. This is the message of this JEaster time, a message of confidence in abiding reality, of the sure and eternal value of every task conscientiously undertaken and faithfully executed. Our labor is never in vain. Rev. J. W. Findley, Presbyterian.
Peace Will Conquer Chaos
The darkness of Good Friday seems especially realistic in the strife ridden world of today. It is a challenge to all Christians to make the message of Easter just as real, as faith and hope face apparent defeat. The historical message of Easter is as significant as ever. It remains for us to resurrect within our hearts and in our deeds, as individuals and in group relationships the spirit of Easter today. Then courageous good-will will permit peace to “conquer” chaos and universal brotherhood to displace fear and hatred. Rev. H. Reynolds, Christian.
True Love Will Trit^ph
Easter is God’s guarantee that the good will triumph; it is proof in history that steadfast love will ever be victorious. Jesus lived the life of friendship and love. He was utterly true to the spirit of good will, even though unswerving loyalty to love brought him suffering and death. Evil men did their worst to him; he was completely in their power; they insulted him and tortured him but his love was steady and true—even for his enemies. He prayed, “Father forgive them.” He died as terrible a death, hanging out there under the hot Palestinian sun hour after hour, as terrible a death as man has ever died. But he arose. God vindicated the way of love. He made himself known to his disciples with such power that they went forth with victory on their lips and won the Roman empire in three centuries. Evil had no terrors for the early Christians, for Christ had proved that love is stronger than evil. So the message of Easter is that love which suffers to the end without faltering and without compromising—such a love will triumph, and its purpose be fulfilled. Rev. Wm. McFadden, Methodist.
Gardners Will Hear
S A E Alumni Convene;
Lecture By Honeywell
Watch Pledge Initiation
, . . of five University alumni to the committee in charge of the American Foundrymen’s convention, which will be held here next Fall, was announced yesterday. They are John Burlie '28 chairman; L. C. McAnly, ’17; W. A. Schlosser, '31; E. F. Ross, '17; and N. F. Hindle, '26.
Now that spring is here to stay, garden lovers are beginning to plan their spring garden. If you are wondering what to plant in the way of flowers, come to the open meeting o|f the Purdue Horticultural Society Wednesday at 7:30 in room 117 of the Horticulture buildiug.^ Prof. E. R. Honeywell of the University Floriculture department will give an illustrated lecture on “Bulbs for the Home Garden.” If you have interest in tbe annual tulip festival in Holland, Michigan, Prof. Honeywell will also present some material on “Tulip Time in Michigan.” AU members of garden clubs and lovers of garden flowers are invited to attend this npen meeting. Musical entertainment will also be presented. k.r.
Providence Delta of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity hefd their regular alumni meeting yesterday in conjunction with formal spring initiation at the chapter* house. Members of the providence, which includes Indiana, Ohio, and Michigan,' spent the morning in the company of President E. C. Elliott, Prof. Frank Hockema, and Deans Stratton and Goldsmith. ^ In the afternoon new alumni officers were installed, including R. H. Habbe, Illinpia '14, Providence Archon; Ralph Bozell, '16, treasurer; and E. B. Baugh, Alumni Secretary,! Following an afternoon business session, members wfitched the initiation of pledges Joe Rose, John Galloway, Jim pu]mmings. Bob Foff, and Ralph Bo^j^l of the local chapter, and ended the meeting with a formal banquet. r.r.r.
Revamped Boilermaker Baseball Nine
Swamps Western Illinois Squads 13-2
Playshop Uses New Kind Set
For Latest Play
By Martha Jane Fox
Something entirely new was used by Playshop’s stage crew when they built the set for the latest play, “Bachelor Bom.” Actual architectural sketches were drawn up for this angular setting instead of the usual free-hand sketches. A portion of the Great Hall is used for the study of the House’s Headmaster, and this loom is fashioned along Tudor aichitectural lines. The ceiling is built into the walls, not floated down from the top of Fowler Hall; and the pillars and beams actually support the weight of the set. Altogether, it is the deepest set that has been used on that stage. Walls appear to be made of various kinds of stone with colored glass windows in one corner. A large leather couch is placed in front of the fire-place in the other corner. The couch is at an angle with "the front of the stage and shows most of the back. This unusual placing gives the room a realistic appearance and brings the audience into the lives and thoughts of the characters. “Bachelor Born” has a great deal of serious thought behind the laugh lines, although the problem does not force itself upon the play-goer. The set is completed and up, dress rehearsals have started and the curtain will go up at 7:30 o’clock Wednesday night on the last Playshop production of the current season.
Camera Club Issues Rules For Entering Musk Room Contest
Prof. Howland
Riveters Get 16 Hits In Second Game
Of Series As Janisch, Doherty Excel
By Ted Clark " It seems to this reporter that some time yesterday Dutch Fehring called his lads„into a huddle and produced nine sxioonsr nine bowls and nine boxes of that famous you-know-what breakfast cereal, forf;he Riveter batsmen hit the horsehide to all extremities of Ross-Ade Field that same afteijnoon to crush Western Illinois 13-2. ' •
W. L. Deam
director of “Bachelor Born.”
Entries For Big Ten Art Exhibition Must Be In Tuesday Noon
Competition in the Camera Club’s 1941 Spring Exhibit in the Music Room from May 4 through May 17 is open to all University students and staff members, according to an announcement made yesterday by club officials. Rules for the competition aife: 1. There is no entry fee for club members; a twenty-five cent fee for non-members and a fifty cent fee for staff members. 2. Prints are due at the Student Union office before 5 o’clock Wednesday, April 30. 3. Entrants may submit any number of prints, but each print must have an entry blank pasted on the back. Blanks may be obtained at the west desk. 4. All work except the development of the negative must be the work of the entrant. 5. Prints may be in any photographic medium. Hand colored or toned prints may be submitted for exhibition but no for competition. €>. Prints must be not less than 8 X 10 or more than 11 x 14 inches and must be mounted on standard 16 X 20 white or light cream mounts obtainable at the west desk. 7. Entrants will be classified as amateur student, advanced amateur, student, and staff.— 8. Prints will be classified as portrait, pictorial or miscellaneous. Judges reserve the right to change the classification of any print. First prize will b& awarded in each student classification and first and second prize in faculty divisions. All decisions by the judges will be final.
Students of all Big Ten universities will exhibit Jheir work in the sixth annual Big Ten Art Exhibition at Iowa State University from May 8 through June 8. The exhibition was established in 1936 to foster student interest in art and to provide an opportunity for exhibiting their work. Students in this University may enter any of the works they have done during the school session. Their entries need not have been done in a class but some time during the school year. Entries must be in the Puttering Room by Tuesday morning, to be selected at that time by Prof. L. Schantz-Hansen, department of Applied Design. Six Works May Be Entered Only six original works done in any of the following fields may be entered by each Big Ten School: oil and tempera painting; watercolors and pastels, graphics; sculpture; ceramics; and applied design. Resident students in all colleges and departments of a Big Ten university are eligible to submit entries to the jury members of their University. The classification of “student” will apply to duly registered students of a university. From the six works entered in the Exhibition, each jury member will designate three pieces to be included in the traveling exhibition which begins circuit next September 16. The jury member here is Prof. L. Schantz-Hansen. Design Limit: 48 Inches Oil paintings, tempera paintings, and sketches for murals or architecture must be adequately framed. Mural and architectu:^al designs should not exceed 48 inches in their longest dimension. All sculpture, ceramics, and work in applied design must be in proper condition for exhibition.
. . . and F. Farr, Jr., both of the Civil Engineering School, published an article on “Balancing Head Losses in a Pipe Network”'in the February 27 issue of the Engineering News-Record.
Watercolors and pastels must be framed and glassed. Graphic prints ■ need not be framed, but should be matted to insure a minimum size of 14 X 18 inches. Additional information may be obtained from Bob Parks, Puttering Room or the jury member, m4ff.
He wottt<| pin it on Idnself if he found he hed widtod until all were Mtd»
ONLY LIMITED NUMBER LEFT
DEBRIS
<7/ ■s
Doherty, Janisch Star At least two Boilermakers, namely, George Doherty and John Janisch, must have had extra helpings. Sophomore Janisch had the poise and control of a seasoned veteran as he pitched four-hit ball and allowed only one base on balls. For six of the nine innings, John disposed of the Macomb batters in one, two, three order. Until the final frame, Janisch had a two-hit game within his grasp, but an error, a triple and a single gave Western two counters. In addition to his excellent mound work, the bi^ soph collected a single, stole a base, advanced one of his mates on a sacrifice hit, scored a nm and batted in the clean-up, or number four spot. Outside, omitting all of that, Mr. Janisch was a picture of inactivity on a very warm baseball afternoon that saw 1,000 people in attendance. Garrulous George Doherty realized that ambition of all hitters as he hit safely every one of the five times he came to the plate. George, a senior outfielder froifa Point Pleasant, New York had a triple, a double and three singles. Everyone and his maiden aunt was glad to see the peppery Doherty come through for he loves baseball arid plays the game right up to the hilt every moment. The Boilermakers picked up a lone run in the opening inning and added a brace in the next one. They went scoreless in the third, but it was the^lm before the storm. Byelene opened the fourth with a blow to center. It would have been a single for any ordinary man, but Little Mike is no ordinary man. He climbed on his motorcycle and executed a beautiful hook-slide into second base. Then followed two more hits, a walk and another single, coupled with an infield out to produce four runs. After three straight bingles by Byelene, Doherty and Meyers, Macomb pitcher Thompson was releived by Graff. Macomb Blows Up In the midst of that inning, when the tide turned definitely in favor of the Gold and Black, the visiting infield threw a coniption or the results might have been different. Second baseman E. Willard took a potential double play ball and tossed in the general direction of the Atlantic Ocean. We tossed our popcorn in the general direction of the sky! But what was the difference? The Riveters were rallying! — and* they were hitting. Graff held the Fehring-coached team to goose eggs during the fifth and sixth, but in the seventh the batting order batted around, with twelve men facing the hapless Graff. All in all there were seven, hits and an equal number of runs. (Continued on page 3)
yZIHfBS
m
wmm
,.f*t
fiaqa 2 ~ yitdiatA
Sunday* April 13* 1941
fijuJidujL fxamanJb ■ _,*ril(«( W. »•■ 0 0 Wk«a . *■ '* » '<,,ft>V-
campus Variefibs Predicts Actions At '41 junior Pi^m WBAA presented a humorous preview of what could happen at the 1941 Junior Prom yesterday af- . ternoon from the studios in the basement of the Hall of Music. High spots of the program were enactment of the life of Prom Queen Ostrander from the time she was bom witil eight years in the future, the sin^ng of “Because of You” and “I Give You My Word” by Janeth Dixon, and the interviewing of Prom-gpers.
A student mathematician detwmined that there are 305,259% bricks on the outgide of“the seminary building at Mount Ahgel College. Termites get the other % ?
Our Nook Of Books How fireen Was My Valley By Richard Llewellyn The siacMillan Go., N. Y. $1.39 A stirring story of life in Wales; full of the tragedy and comedy that is life itself. The namatiye in itself is tiie story of a latge family, the Ktorgahs, told by Huw and concerning itself not only with the Morgans thenaselves b^jit with all the people that inhabit the valley. Special characterizations are: his father, hrm yet gentle; his mother, shrewd as only a mother can be; and his many brothers and sisters. Highlighting H u w ’ s childhood
Add ALLURE To Your Attractiveness dt the Prdm
Your present hairdress may be good looking . . . even flattering, blit unless it dalls out allure it isn’t doih^ everything for you that it can. We’d like to prove to you that we can add this important quality by designing a coiffure for you. Why not let us try today? In time for the Junior Prom—call 7901.
Top ranking high school senibrs throughout the state, who have been awarded county scholarships to the University were announced by the division of educational reference yesterday. Under the state law each county is entitled to name yearly two high school graduates who may'receive the scholarships. They relieve the winners of $30 in fees per semester during the freshman year at the University.
memories is the marriage of his eldest brother to beautiful Bronwen. This scene is viyid in his memory because he is destined to love beautiful Bronwen all of his life. The time of the story is gbout fifty years ago when South Wales had not yet felt the brunt of poverty since the coal that made them prosperous had not yet begun to darken their valley, or to take away its greenness. Reminiscent of the rich full days of his youth, Huw, now in his sixties, is ready to leave the valley forever to escape the reality that his valley is no more as it once was. Everything that make a delightful novel is in this book: humor, suffering, love, happiness, tragedy, action, heroism, and sacrifice which all combine in a style with a beauty and sinaplicity that will inxplaht the story and the characters forever in yoiir memory. This book, one of the season’s best sellers, rightly deserves a place in your personal permanent library. Book through courtesy of and on sale ai —
the ^th C^lninii
Among the headliness,we find that: SERBS TRY cbMtM OFFENSIVE Reminds us of a fellow we khdW. He’d tiY'anything once. “ ’ He’s dead.
They can’t kill you for trying The saying goes. **,*,' (Editor’s note: We are ihformihg one Adolf ilitler of afore-mentioned saying by Western Union.) * ♦ * And down in Albania the Nazi panzer divisions are trying vainly to catch the Greeks who are trying vainly to catch the Italians who are wasting no time. . . Trying to get the hell out of there. * 0 * Which reminds us of an old saying that goes something like this. When in Rome ... Keep your bag packed and be ready to run; the Greeks are coming.—dkh
A recent survey at the University of California reveals that two and a half piounds of candy passed around a sorority house means “I’m going steady” —- it has to be five pounds of bonbons to mean an engagement-
The Purdue ilkpoheht
Entered aa second elnss matter.at the ixwt office in Lafayette. Indiana, undei\iiK»iiaet;!^'t<!oafBr^,;4d!.;9la^ it, 1879, and at the special rate of'.pOBtage providM for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1.917, authorise Jannai7 90. 1922...Pnblished didly.> axc^l-P^i^ay iyduripKrth^ jp^vuir academic, year and weekly durinK the Snimner S^ioh. Deliver tocally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subr scripilbn, $8.60. . jS'" V > ■ij'./iiis Editor-in-chief. ..k; W. Donahne Business Manager Merle Hacemeyer Publication Staff News Editor..; fit McKee Managiiie Editor.— ,. ....D. K. Hbiple Associate Editors: A. Ochiltree, J. A. Furcdl, L. W. Buffner, B. M. Skidlerup, J. .1^ Traugott. ; Rujiiness Staff „ , libcal Advertising Managers: D, S. Powers, 0. 0. Landers ; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer: Accounts Manager, B. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Becktenwald. v ■ Co-ed Staff V Editor......... /....- ..Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Buth Bose, Oonna Siess. Sports Staff Editor J....J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, F. C. Johnson, B. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sports2792 Bepresented for national advei^Bing' by National Advertising Serviee, Inc., College Publishers Bepresentatives, 420 Madison Ave., New Tork, N, Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Nordlinger Day. Editor : Eioward Issue Editor: Ames . . jNight, Sports Editcr: Clark Staff : .E. G. Kieper, B. B. Bunnion, J. F. Zinski. A. P. Hunter, Keeler, K. G. Roquemore and M. J. Fox.
NotioEHB
Writers-Group: Meet in r<wm 804 instead of room 212 of the Union Monday, April 14. -.TILFOBD.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, April 16, at 7 ;80 p. m. in room 306 of the Union. —BURROUGHS.
Model Airplane Committee: There will be a meeting Monday, April' 14. ,8t 4:1B p. m. in the Union office. This includes B, Lewis, C. Lewis,: Nelson, Gosset,: Arndt, Bauer, Conboy, Hess, Herrman, L. Johnson, Mellon, Murray, Peel, Phillips, Purman, Stoelting, Wallace, Lefevre and Sperlik. —KNIGHT.
Kappai Delta :.P1:;, Initiation will he held at 6 p. ■!!(:. on Thursday,. April Id, in room 366 of the Union. Banquet will- be* in' room 363 at, 6 :3Q,p. .m. Pr<ff., Murphy .nrfi-the. history department will speak. Actives, alumni; and. honorary members. Welcome. Make reservations with Ruth Swickard- ,. —NORQUEST.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday,‘ April 13, at 7:80 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. Guests coming. —RBIGEL.
Undergraduate Dames: Formal initiation dinner at The Larches Tuesday, April 15, at 7 p. m. Initiation will follow dinner in room 807 of the Union. —GERSTUND.
Senior Military Students: Siini up on the bulletin board, in the Armory for apimint^ ment to have pictures taken. 4-19 —JOHNSON CE 12 Conditions: Tests for removal of C!s .in..NiKhw,ay Construction iwill; be held Saturday, April 19, from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 206 of the Civil Building. —PETTY.
iTriton Cliib: There will be a, meeting Tuesday, April 16, at 7:15 p., in. in the women’s pool. All members should - attend. —ROSBNGRANS.
' Life Saving Corps: Monday, April 14.
Meeting at -^GOUBLEY.
WAA: Baseball - practice, Monday, April 14; Wednesday, April 16, and Friday, April 18. These are final practices. The intramural schedule will be imsted, next week. Come out and support your team! ■ —COOPER.
Exponent Staff: Sophomores and juniors check the list on the bulletin, board in the office, if you intend to petition for a job. —BLACK DAN.
WAA Tennis: There will-be tennis instruction every Wednesday and. Friday .at 4 p. m. for ail interested. Virginia Baxter will coach. Those wishing to. be. in the tournament must sign up by Monday, April 14. —MOFFITT.
NOW SHOWING WO FIRST RUN Hits
All Cheer Leaders: Turn in' . your uniforms Wednesday, April 16, at 4 p. m., in room 106 of the Fieldhouse. Be there! —ZUCK.
Sophomore Activities Bureau Workers: Petitions for sophomore workers in the Activity Bureau are due on the 16th. Any questions you have, see me. —WALLY. Radio Club Members: Order your membership pin by paying deposit at meeting Tuesday, April 16. FREED.
Skull and Crescent Pledges and Actives: Meet on 50-yard line iu: Stadium Monday, April 14, at 8 p. m. Bring fiashligh'L paddle, notebook and pencil. —SAYLES. Garden Lovers: Open meeting of Horticultural Society Wednesday,; April .16, 7 :30 .p. m., in room 117 of Horticulture building. . —BUNKLE.
Reamers: Meeting in room 394 of Union at 7:16 p. m., Monday, April 14. Full attendance expected. Pledges meet at 7:46. 1 —BOHLIN.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, April 16, at 7:80 p. m. in room 184 EE building. M. T. Reynolds will give a demonstration lecture on “Simplified Field Strength Measurem.ent for the Amateur." A :radio equipment exchange will also be held; —FREED.
Seniors: Those desiring their picture cuts from Debris can purchase them at the. Debris business office starting Monday, April 14, at 4:00 p. m. —Adams.
Modern Dance Group: Final selection of group for,Varsity show Will be made at show rehearsal-Monday. April 14, at 7:15 pm., —KNIGHT.
dlassified
Typewriters and adding maddnes. new and used, for sale, rent and repaid. All mokes of portable type'writen. $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies.' Mimeograph and mnltigraph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main ,St. Phone, 2779. Tr
U 4
A
Sunday. April 13, 1941
S^aqsL i-Sfufdit.
Golf, Track, Baseball Feature txtensive Week Of Athletics
By John Keeler
Along with the coming of spring, which; it seems, has finally
hit the Boilermaker campUS, s|i6'rts will
gear during the course ^if this' coming week, witli a total of si:! meets to be scratched qff the dodke^. First to appear befoie Biveter sports fans will be the bas4b4u squad, when it eng^gfes
the St. Joseph College Hin^ here o:k ^'t'llesday.
- Kehdy For Conference ^Co^ch Fehring’s lads have got-
Revamped Riveters Swamp Western
(Continued from page 1)
In that same seventh, MacAdams, substituting for Meyers, handled what seemed like a certain base wallop and pegged it to first. McCaffrey, who had gone in for Blanken stretched out and scooped the throw out of the infield dirt to nip the enemy runner by inches. , Ball handling by the Boilermakers was extraordinarily good, with Meyers, MacAdams, Cook, and Me-' Ferren compiling 11 assists. Fotenza Rouses Crowd When the Riveters took tlie field for the eighth, five feet of dynamite in the personage of Carl “Shorter” Potenza went in to play at the keystone sack. The animated little firebrand talked Incessantly and the crowd went wild. He fumbled a hard-hit grounder and the crowd went ,wilder. But “Short Stuff” wasn’t disgruntled and continued his barrage of chatter. It’s too bad the Mighty Mite didn’t have another opportunity, for he is, aside from a sparkplug, a capable player, lacking only height to make him a first-stringer.
year. Ambitious Trackmen Finally, Saturday afternoon will see the Gold and Black trackmen winding up their preparation for Drake Relays as they compete in a triangular tilt with Butler and Wayne. Starting at 12:30 p. m., the meet will get under way early so that it will be com^ileted in time
for the football squad to play an-
other of their intra-squad games on the same afternoon.
The box score is as follows •
Purdue
Brady, If Carson, If
Pptenza, 2b McFerren, 2b McCaffrey, lb Blanken, lb
Janisch, p Byelene, cf
Doherty, rf MacAdams,
Meyers, ss Hinoks, 3b Cook, 3b Young, c Fisher, c
AB
0 5 0
ss
H PO 0 0
Artists Present Program Of Music In Union Today
Totals
.. 37 13 16 27 11
Western Illinois Moore, rf E. Willard, 2b G Willard, ss P Fulks, If Atwood, cf Freeman, lb Blaha, c Thompson, p Graff, p Page, p Kerker, 3b
AB 4 4 4 4 4
H PO 0 2
Totals
32
Score By Innings Inning 1 2 3 4 5 6 Western 0 0 0 0 0 0 Purdue 1 2 0 4 0 0
7 8 9 0 0 27 0 X-
R H - 2 4 -13 16
Mark Q. Allen
. . . ’16, manager of the Columbus, 0., office of the General Electric Company, has received the C. A. Coffin Foundation award for outstanding contribution to the company’s business. Allen’s award was given in recognition of an unusual sales record, which embraced virtually every type of selling employed by the company.
Featuring Thelma Thrasher, violinistj Dr. K. liarlr-Horovitz, violinist and violist; and Dr. C. Lanezos, pianist, a special Easter music program will be held in the Union Music Room from 4 to 6 today. The program is as follows: I. Sonata No. 8 in D Major for Violin, Viola, anii Piano Jean Marie Leclair Adagio Allegro Largo (Sarabandi) Allegro Assai II. Sonata for Two Violins and Piano in G G. F. Handel Andante Allegro Arioso Allegro III. Concerto No. 11 in D Minor, Opus 3, for Two Violins and Piano Antonio Vivaldi Allegro-Adagio Allegro Largo Allegro
The Bumstead family, Blondie, Dagwood and Baby Dumpling, have become sole and proud owners of a seven-pound feminine addition.
ALL THIS WEEK FREE INSPECTION FOR YOUR PEN
Fountain pens, like fine watches, deserve annual inspection. It*s no usd having a pen that's not working right—so, os q store courtesy this week only, we'll inspect your pen thoroughly and refill it with SKRIP free.
24 Hour Service 6il Pen Repairs
. Linksnten Face Tough Papenguth Conducts Galacade;
Schedule; Open Friday Brings Stars Of Nearby States
Irishman’s iilhsions
By Jbse^n i^atrick Dolan
ten off to a fine start and are Well along in their preparations for the opening of the conference tilts which will occur when they invade the Ohio State campus for games next Friday and Saturday at Columbus. For the trip to the Buckeye State, it is planned to start Don Blanken in one of the games and either Leifheit or Janisch in the
other.
In addition to the initial Conference clash in baseball, the Riveter linksmen will open iheir season on Friday with a home match against Detroit, to be followed by another on Saturday here with Notre Damk The golfers hope that the retum of five major lettermen will allow a better balanced team than last
With Junior Brock showing the greatest amount of improvement that has been displayed on the Purdue football squad for the past four or five seasons, a White clad football team soundly defeated a Red uniformed outfit to the score of '40-0. —I-I— There were several performances throughout the afternoon such as the accurate passing of Tony Berto and the flying catches of freshman Kenny ^mock that were alpsplutely breath-taking; there was Bill Buffington, high stepping fullback, and John Petty, the human pile-driver; and then there was some surprisingly fast ball carrying by Barry French, freshman t&ckle, on a special tackle-around play that scored a touchdown. —I-I—
Going into their final round of practices before the season’s opening match with the University of lietroif here next Friday, eight ^eifibers of the Riveter golf squad, five of theih returning lettermen, are at present engaged in battling for positions on the regular team. Coach^ed by Harry Allspaw, and headed by co-captains, George Dahl and Robert McKenzie, the Boilermaker linksmen will start the season by taking on Notre Dame Saturday, following the previous day’s Detroit tilt.
Tough Schedule The season’s schedule for the Riveters will include five conference and thrad' non-conference tilts, with the climax coming in the form of three meets; namely, the State Meet which will be held here, the Big Ten Meet at Chicago, and the National Intercollegiate Meet at Columbus, Ohio, j.s.k.
The real highlight of the afternoon was the sixty minute performance of Bryan Brock, whose accur^ite passes to Jimmy Rush gained 128 yards on four completions, and who once kicked from behind his own goal for sixty-seven yards. Brock flicked up 48 yards from scrimmage in six tries, and then made the tackle of the day, by catching uf) with the fleet Bufengton, from behind, to cut off a touchdown, after the Buffington kid had transversed 50 yards of stadium dirt. —I-I—
Following IS the complete schedule: April 18—Detroit, here April 19—Notre Dame, there Airil 26—Blinis, there Wiay 2—Ohio State, there May 6—Indiana, there May 12—Michigan, there May 17—Butler, here May 19—Chicago, here May 24—State Meet, here Jtine 18-19—Big Ten Meet at Mill Road. Chicago June 23-28—National Intercollegiate Meet at Columbus. /
Last summer he was injected into the line-up and really went to town in six games, hitting .333; and yesterday after haviqg sat on the old wood for the past month, he was given another chance by Fehring—
and did he come through!
—I-I-
,V,
If five hits in five times at bat
are anything, he produced. He ma^e a single (three of ’em), a double,
Another, comeback of the day was that by George Doheyty, senior baseballer from Point Pleasant, New York. George has been “sitting it out” for three seasons now, never complaining and always listening to Coach Dutch Fehring’s advice.
and a triple. He scored three runs, and drove, in six lAarkers. That, students, ladies, and gentlemen, is a record for Boilermaker batsman
only equalled by a great baseballer
named Eb Caraway, who won the conference batting championship back in 1929 for Purdue.
CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3rd. Street
Phone 5372
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Professional
Risk Dental Clinie
DR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Sts. Phone 5710
Hardware
If It's Hardware We Have (t Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We Deliver
Locksmith
an^ Locks.
Keys for trunks, door locks, desk lodes, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a speciaityi Bicycles, accessories and repairing.
MULHAUPrS M)9-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2S28
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREH&Uil DAIRY QUALITY ilkiiLk Phone 46214
• School Supplies
DEACS Everything for a College Education
Complete Line — of Greeting Cards
University Book Store
M.,C.,"Red",Samin9ns '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
e Photographers
Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing HINEA PHOTOGRAPHER 634 Main St. Phone 7775
Providing one of the highlights of the coining Gala Week festivities, the Dolphin,Club will sponsor the annual Galacade here on Friday night, May 2, it was announced yesterday by Boilefirthker swimming coach liick Papenguth. In addition to several Indiana and Mid-States A. A. U races, the program will fe^tiit^ as the main event the National Junior A. A. U. 150-
yard individual medley for men. In addition to the A. A. U. events,
I M Schedules
2.
PASEBALL
Monday, April 14 Diamond -
1 Ward 2 vs War4 28
Ward 27 vs Ward 1 Ward 26 vs Ward 6
Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 1 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 2 Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 9 Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 3 Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 13 Cary Hall 12 vs Cary Hall 4 Cary Hall 11 vs Cary Hall 14
Surprise Planned For Group Attending Foundation Hop On Saturday, April 19, from 9:30 to ^ 12 m., the Purdue Ciuistian Foundation will hold a dance in the Faculty Lounge of the Ui^n. This dance is being sponsored by the Foundation as its major monthly activity. Tickets may be obtained from Bill Hudson, Henry Mangus, Wanda Harbough, and Jean Steigerwald. A “surprise” is being planned for the group instead of the usual dance programs. All members, as well as non-foundation members, are invited. c.r.m.
a Galacade diving championship for nwn and five age events for the younger generation have also been scheduled. These will include a 220 yard free^ style for boys under 14, a 50 yard breast stroke for boys 13 and under, a 50 yard back stroke for boys 15 and under, a 220 yard free style for boys nnder 16 and a 50 yard free style for girls under
12.
The four Mid-States titles which will be decided here/that evening wilt he the 100 yard back stroke, the 100 yard free style, the 100 yard breast stroke for men and the 100 yard breast stroke for women. In addition, there will 'be three Indiana championships at stake in the 100 yard free style for women and the men’s 440 and 100 yard free style events. Tuesday, April 29, has been set as the deadline for entries in all of the events of the meet. AH information and entry blanks necessary can be obtained from Coach Papenguth in the fieldhouse. j.s.k.
DAKiCING CLAUES OPEN
STUDENTS AND CO-EDS — ENROLL NOW ICGINNCR'^ A^RIL 16fli' 7:30 P. M.
TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS — ENROLL IN OUR NEW
ADVANCED CLASS APRIL 17tli, 7:30 P.M. INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCII^G SCHOOL P. M. ALLEN, NATIONALLY KNOWN INSTRUCTOR
I A.LLEN^S * Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
Young ideas do their footwork in (\GL shoes
5 jit
w■■n
■
^ - CUL.
Sunday. April 13. 1941
PjujuIml ^XpOHOtt
Hi
• '•
In soft, half-mystical light through stained glass windows, millions of people are gathered today . . . the light is clear on others, for bombs are no respectors of beauty pr creed . . . and the light falls through factory windows, on ship yards, where Sunday is another day of work ... there is particular glory in the light surrounding a mother as she bends over her child’s bed . . . Flander’s crosses cast long shadows in the early morning sunlight . . . but the same light reveals new life borne in dingy rooms and expensive hospitals, in hovels and mansions. Out of the blackness of night, comes, day—from the depths of despair, comes hope. Many centuries ago a man v^ho understood these things seemingly fell prey to the forces of darkness . . . the light of day nineteen hundred and forty-one years ago showed that he triumphed after all. . . and that things of the spirit do not perish ... that Easter is a promise. The Easter lilies will fade and die—but their seeds will live and 'grow; a tree in mid-winter seems utterly without life—but the light of Spring brings its Easter; Washington, Lincoln—who can say they’re gone? No you can’t see them or speak to them, but they’re vividly alive in the hearts and minds of people the world over; and in your family, those who have gone before live on in yOur memory. "Whosoever shall believeth in me shall not perish, but shall have eternal life.”^The sun will go tonight—tomorrow there will be light again. _
• •:
This page IS contributed by the following coneems:
NORTH STAR COAL CO. UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE MOREHOUSE DAIRY YELLOW CAB GOODWIN’S SHOES RISK DENTAL CLINIC
BOSSUNG SHOE REPAIR PETER ANDERSON EISENBACH EDGERTON HARDWARE ' SPAMIENDAHL GEISLER’S
GULLION’S CLOTHING TRI PLE XXX
DEACS
SOUTlHWORTH’S