V ft. /’-nv;-'*. 'y-.^- *% ' fitu."/ ! *,: ' '9' .’ ''\ '’ I , ' ''' . «„ '
f-" ’1 "i
Ofi','
I i;'®. n'“a-^?’‘/ 6i^4',-'*H!T ^ ..^ f.*. j ij if<, «,/f ./-j*.
f. ,y |j<, 51 YY ~/rf - ' J-Y;
EDITOR, DISCUSSES Neefi For Second ^ I Front In Europe
HERMAN RHlLLirS Track Coach, Leads Interesting Life
Ruin Thu Ruhr
Volume 54, No. 28
Sigmund Spaeth Will At Convocation Satu^dgy
West Liafayelte,^^'Indiana • " ■?'!*
Sunday, July 12, 1942
Dr. Sigmund Spaeth, writer, musician, and lecturer, will be the featured entertainer in a convocation Saturday night in the Music Hall. Dr. Spaeth, famous on radio as the “Tune Detective,’* will present a lecture on “Music for Fun’’ immediately following the presentation of the Music Festival awards and a short talk by Dr. Hernane Tavares de Sa, Bra-
zilian journalist.
Born in Philadelphia in 1885 to musically-inclined parehts, Spaeth received his A. B. degree from Haverford College and his Ph. D from Princeton.
Since his graduation he has held many positions as both literary and music critic for music publisher* and magazines, including Esquire, McCall’s, and Literary Digest, and hafe written articles for Saturday Evening Post, Harper’s, Scrivner’s, and the New
Yorker. According to Ralph Deuster, War Well Known Author Council President, student contribuDr. Spaeth is well known as a tions in the Tippecanoe County USO composer and a lawyer as well as drive may be expected to reach the an author. He is a member of goal of $400 when the 'campus drive ASCAP and former president of is brought to a close Wednesday. Nation Association for American Present unofficial result of the drive Composers and Conductors. Some of is the collection of about $76 from
sixteen of the fraternities, an expected $200 from the residence halls, and $3.60 from the sororities. The fraternity and sorority con-
USO Colledions Total $75; Drive To End Wednesday
his more famous compositions are “Jabberwocky,” “-Down South,” and
“Oh, Yes.”
Copyright Expert ’
Starting as a mere amusement, tributions are being handled by the the game of tracing tunes to their Intel fraternity Presidents’ Council sources gradually developed in sev- and the Paiihellenic association. The eral directions, supplying Dr. residence halls are acting as units Spaeth with fascinating material in the drive, and independent colfor his lectures, broadcasts, books, lections will be solicited in a house magazine articles, and motion pic- to house drive Monday to suppletures. ment the contiibutions left in boxes Finally it brought him into the in the Sweet Shop and cafeterias, law courts, where he is now recog-' Tippecanoe County’s quota in the nized as the leading expert in'suits drive is $14,400. Members of the involving infringement of copyright University staff have already Conor musical plagiarism. Recently the tributed a total of $1,200.
“Tune Detective” defeated Walt Disney when “Some Day My Prince Will Come,” was attached as an infringement of the Yale march, “Old Eli.” He successfully defended “Oh, John,” “Play, Fiddle, Play,” and
“The Desert Song.”
Both Classical And Popular In his program Spaeth will play both popular and classical numbers, so mixed up that the result will be astonishing. He will take a simple melodic passage and elaborate on it until it sounds like a finished composition. He will show the origin of the popular songs of the day.
Tau Kappa Alpha To Hold Discussion Discussing the subject, “What Can Purdue Add or Subtract from Its Curriculum to Aid in the War Effort?” Tau Kappa Alpha, forensic honorary, will sponsor a program next Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in Fowler Hall, for the benefit of the
Speech 14 students.
Bob Weiss, chairman of the committee presenting the program, will lead the discussion with the assistance of Faith Wayne, Jeanne Fountaine, George Zisses, Bill Swagcr, George Picha, and E^ Johnson. Since the usual speech convocations held during the winter semesters are not being presented during
Ten competition, loaves July 16 for the summer term, these debates and the Naval Pre-Flight school at Iowa discussio^ns are designed to help the City, la. speech 14 students.
Campbell Kane ... Indiana Universtiy middle dis-
tance runner, who went undefeated at the mile in three seasons of Big
Dean Dorothy Stratton Aids WA^C 111 iiaming Cadidates For School Following her appointment as advisor to the officer in charge of the 6th corps division area headquarters, Columbus, Ohio, by Women’s Auxiliary Arm^ Corps Commander Oveta Culp Hobby, Dean Dorothy C. Stratton has been active in the recruiting of initial officers for the WAAC. Dean Stratton attended a conference of corps area advisors in Washington on June 8, then assisted in the interviewing and selection of candidates for the officer training school last week in Columbus. Dean Stratton is now in Washington, D. C., aiding in the final selection of candidates for the school. Appoint Local Advisor The officers at the corps area headquarters appointed a local advisor to help Dean Stratton choose 120 people for interviews in Columbus last week. Prom this number 60 were selected to have their papers sent to the WAAC headquarters in Washington. Candidates will be trained in the officer training school and future officers will be recruited from the enrolled members of the
corps.
Music Teachers Attend School Here Last Week Public school music teachers, county home economics chorus leaders and young people wishing personal specialized training in music attended the fourth annual music leadership school which opened at the University on Tuesday and continued until yesterday. Albert P. Stewart, choral music director at the University, who had charge of the school, says that the five-day course was designed to serve the needs of community leaders in music who want the opportunity of a brief and concentrated period of study. Darnell, Ragains Talk A voice class was taught by Miss Vassie Darnell, a member of the Chicago Opera Company for twen-ty-five years, while Joseph M. Ragains of the University staff discussed orchestra problems. Mr. Stewart taught chorus repertoire and chorus and choir conducting.
White Rats Take Role Of Guinea Pigs As Coeds Experiinent On New Diets
By Sally Rose Wendell Thursday Was a sad day for the coeds taking P & N 26L, commonly known as rat lab, and an even sadder day for tbe 28 white rats who had been living more or less peacefully in the southeast corner room of the Home Economics building for the last six weeks. Thursday was execution day, and the girls, who six weeks ago were a little dubious about even picking up a ratj were quite grieved to see their apimals go into the execution chamber, a large glass jar made deadly'with chloroform and airtight with a pan and a stack of books. However the experiment was over, the conclusions were drawn, and those ratSy whose owners did not love them enough to keep, had to be disposed of before the ate up all of the University’s assets. Wiscon.sin Rats Six weeks ago the rats arrived from Wisconsin. Four of them were elegant rats with fancy pedigrees and yellow dots on their heads, and the rest of them were commoner rats without any polka dots. Their average weight was fifty grams, of which about 76 per cent appeared to be tail. Before the rats arrived, the coeds had the diets for their charges planned down to the last nth of a microgram, and it realty was a question of micrograms. Little rats eat only 20 grams each day, but the twenty grams cannot be just twenty grams of anything, for lats are very discriminating in their tastes.
Each pair of coeds decided what they were going to prove or disprove- witli|ii their set of rats, and then the laboratory periods were given over to drying biead, grating chocolate, counting calories, trying to find some pure cacao butter, grinding oatmeal and searching frantically for.^ho viosterol. A little thing such as leaving out five-tenths of a microgram of a vitamin could mean that the rats would need to be fed for only three ;veeks. After that time theic would be no moi e rats, at least not live rats demanding their breakfast each morning at 8. Many Problems Encountered In spite of the short time the rats were fed, they very consideiatcly grow or did not grow, lost their hair, developed scaly tails, became nervous and oven became bow-legged just as the nuti ition authorities said they should. To a rat, one day is the same as thirty days for a man. At the end of the six weeks the most prosperous rats were those who had been fed enrihh,ed flour and bread with milk, those who had lived on whole wheat with pea meal and milk protein, and those who had been fed the standard optimal diet of two-thirds whole wheat, onethird whole milk, powder plus some salt. For the benefit of the uninitiated, the pea meal and milk protein combination was designed to show the superior qualities of a complete protein supplemented by an incom->
plete protein. The enriched diets prove once more that people really do need their minerals and vitamins. Some Receive Army Diet The rats who gained the least and looked the most unhappy were the ones who had tried to live on the Army emergency diet, ration D, those whose menu included only vegetables and those whose diet was descriptively called “poor.” The ration D rats do not prove that the Army dietitians are confused, but rather that no one will last long on a chocolate bar. The rats on the poor diet had a meal equivalent to mashed potatoes, white bread, sugar, meat and one vegetable. It doesn’t sound bad, but there is no question but that the rats looked bad. The cage of rats with whom they were compared had the sugar in their diet cut down and weio given more vegetables and whole wheat bread; and the.se rats were among the heaviest at the close of the experiment. Rat Dissected To clincn^firmly in the minds of the coeds the fact that nutrition people are not merely making loud noises, a rat which had not been getting enough calcium was dissected and compared with one on the optimal diet. This experiment also came out according to the rules, for, in addition to losing his hair, the no calcium rat had small brittle bones and showed evidences of hemmorhage,
Public denionsfrjition Will 8e^iti M 7 Summer term formal 165 mm. Howitzer Squad competion for sophomore and junior military students in the summer term will be held next Tuesday, at 7:00 in the Armory. The public is invited to witness this competition. Seats will be provided for all spectators. Public Demonstration This public demonstration will be the first to be held using the modified howitzers recently received by the Military department. The howitzers \vhich will be used during the competition are the standard models used by the medium artillery and are equipped with high speed axles and pneumatic tires for truck tow-
ing.
Sixteen squads composed of two junior cadet officers and nine sophomores have been practicing for the past eight weeks in preparation for this contest. All practices and instruction were conducted as an extra curricular activity with the junior cadet officers furnishing the instruction. Junior Cadets Instruct Junior cadet officers who have acted as instructors and will be squad executives for the competition are as follows: Squad 1, R. H. Shelhorn and T. C. Theodose; Squad 2, R. Howes and A. Peltasalo; Squad 3, W. L. Hirsh and W. Kashner; Squad 4, W. B. Hrle and C. B. Battery; Squad 5, P. G. Miller and V. C. Lester; Squad 6, R. W. Levering, Jr., and R. A. Lancet; Squad 7, S. Hoffman and C. 0. Knue; Squad 8, C. E. Porter and R. E. Buntain; Squad 9, N. E. Greear and J. H. Wallis; Squad 10, J. C. Aull and L. S. Phillips; Squad 11, M. Carbon and N. Augsburger; Squad 12,1. S. Ulrich and M. J. Schneider; Squad 13, R. A. Unger and R. Z.anel; Squad 14, C. E. Bosma and M. D. Yoder; and Squad 15, W. M. McClure and R. D. Stoimont; and Squad 16, J. A. Gentles and R. D. AUemang. Industrialists Close Six-Day Regional OEM Conference More than twenty midwestern representatives of industry concluded a six-day conference at the University yesterday. This was one of four regional training conferences held throughout the country by the Training Within Industry branch of the Office of Emergency ll^anagement. , A. E. Sinclair, district representative from Indianapolis, was in charge of the meeting, assisted by Walterassociate director of TWI from Washington, D. C. Potter Speaks Discussions of the conference centered around plant training needs, job instruction training, training confeience leaders and plant supervisors and the organization of a training program. Dean A. A. Potter, head of the schools of Engineering, and Prof. C. W. Beese, director of war training at the University were among those who addressed members of the confeience. House Director School Trainees Accept Positions Of the 100 women enrolled in the fourth annuaL University house directors tiaining school, which closed Friday, twenty have accepted positions as housemothers or directors during the past few days, according to Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, who was in charge of the school. Officials were pleased with the response given by the enrolled women to the school. Most of the remaining 80 wbmen who were enrolled already hold positions at various colleges and university sororities throughout the 23 states from which they came. Mrs. Ruth McCai'n counselor to women at Northwestern University, spoke on “How to Measure Your Success on the Job,” at the closing session Friday.
Lagre Crowcj Applauds Southernaires At Convo
Debris Snapshot Contest For July To Close Friday Entries for the first section of the Debris snapshot contest are due next Friday. The contest has been started to encourage student interest in the annual during the summer term and to supply the work of the regular Debris photography staff with pictures showing the University in action. Two sets of $3 prizes will be awarded, one set at the end of July and the other at the end of August. A $3 prize will be given each month for the picture best representing student life and for the most scenic
picture.
Possible Prize Of $6.50 Winners who have already purchased a Debris will receive a r’efund which will make possible a total prize of $6.60 for each of the two best entries of the month. Anyone is eligible for the contest except juniors and seniors of the Debris, and any one person may enter as many different pictures as he likes. All entries must be submitted by^ the 17th of each month, and prizes will be awarded at the end of that month. Requirements For Entry All photos must be glossy prints not less than 8t4 x 4'^A inches and not more than 4x6 inches in size, and each one must have the name and address of the enti-ant and the subject and division of the entry written on the back. An entry box will be placed at the West Desk of the Union and in the Debris workshop. The Debris reserves the right to claim the negative of any entry. James Phillips Drowns In Local Park Pool James Phillips, resident of 603 South 24th Street and freshman in the School of Engineering, drowned yesterday afternoon while swimming in the Columbian Park pool. From all indications he had been dead for only a short time when his body was found floating ■'on the
water.
For an hour artificial respiration was applied, but without result; the body was then taken to the SollerBaker Funeral Home. The coroner’s report on the death placed the cause of the accident on a heavy meal Phillips had eaten just before entering the water.
Versatile Quartet Entertains
With Songs, Jokes, Stories
^ By Sally Beall
Whether they were drawn to the Music Hall by the air conditioning or by a liking for male quartets, the 3,500 people who heard the Southernaires sing Friday night were, to judge by the applause, well pleased with the psogram of songs, jokes and sermonettes which the versatile Negro group presented. Those who expected a strictly formal program when they saw the quartet march on the stage in their summer formal — dress were mistaken. The
quartet had a fine time singing, and they would not be tied down by a big stage or
white coats.
They blissfully sang with their eyes shut, swung imaginary hammers, ordered the ttudience to hold hands in honor of a wedding anniversary, imitated trumpets and rolled Irish “R’s.”
A. Earhart
Picture Display
Ends Today
Today will be the last day that the Earhart Trophies will be on dis-
play in the West Reception Room of V 'j"'* , r. tt • mi. 11 J? J 1 the audience like it all and had
the Union. The collection of medals
Negro Music Best
The best parts of the program
.. , . 1- V, v were the Negro folk songs and versity by Amelia Eaihart a hus- • ^ , ■ , , ,,
Tax spirituals, a fact which should sur-
charts, pictures
which has been on display since July 1 was turned over to the Uni-
band, George Palmer Putnam. Amelia Earhart was last heard from on July 2, 1937, while she was
prise no one. Whether the quartet sang a weird three-hundred year old African chant or a better known
making an around the world flight, song like “Honey,” with which bass after which she expected to return William Edmonson had an especialio the University and spend full ly fine time singing “Honey’s” all time in flight research. down the scale, they undoubtedly At the time she was 'flying her turned in their best performances “Purdue Plying Laboratory” and with the music of their people,
had just taken off for Howland Is- Specialties
land, a tiny spot in the south Pa- Little things that they did, such cific somewhere between New Or- as Edmonson’s “honey’s,” and their leans and Hawaii. It is believed that enthusiastic way of “handing me she and her navigator. Pilot Noo- down the silver trumpet” from the nan, perished in the sea. tenor to the bass range, made the Included in this memorial exhibit convocation outstanding rather than are maps and charts of her dis- any especial individual musical
astrous world tour and manuscripts merit,
which she wrote and sent back from Smith Is Popular various stops on the toqr. These The voices were good, but the manuscripts appear in her book thing that made the quartet was the “Last Plight” which was published fact that they were a quartet, ina few months after her plane was stead of four men singing at the lost. same time. Tenor Homer Smith The arrangements for the exhibi- took the top notes, with the other tion of this material, which have three men harmonizing a few ocbeen stored in the vaults of the taves below, and the whole effect
Executive Building and the Library was fine.
for the past few months, were made Homer Smith was master of cereby Prof. W. M. Hepburn, University monies and the most popular memLibrarian, L. M. Vallely, manager ber of the quartet. There seemed to of the Union, and Bob Parks, art be no top limit to his range. His director of the Union, who is in falsetto notes frequently went so charge of the display. high and lasted so long that the Permanent Display Planned audience held its breath to assist. Plans are being made to put the but he never seemed to need their
Earhart collection, the George Ade assistance.
collection, and several articles Smith explained the background which would be of general interest of the members of the quartet with on permanent display in one of the his stories of the South. He told of University Buildings. See SOUTHERNAIRES, Page 4
Civil Engineering Stafi Students Work On National Defense Projects
By Frank J. Vegh Along with the other schools of the University, the Civil Engineering School is doing its part in the war effort, and many members of the staff are engaged in important war work. Although quite a bit of the woik the Civil School is doing is of a confidential nature, there aie ceitain interesting highlights of the work that is being done by these various staff members that can be disclosed. Prof. R. B. Wiley, head of the school, is a member of the ASCE Committee on Engineering Education and served as chairman of the special committee on plans for the revised calendar of the University. He is also director of the Joint Highway Research Project and of the Testing Materials Laboratory, which are carrying on research and testing work for governmental agencies. Lommel Contributes Prof. G. E. Lommel, as chairman of the State Planning Board in cooperation with the State Defense Council, the National Resources Planning Board, and the State Board of Health, has made contributions to the war effort through the establishment of regulatory measures dealing with zonitrg, trailer ordinances and land use in war industry aifeas in Indiana.
Prof. W. E. Howland has administered two defense courses in Indianapolis, one dealing with watey supply and the other with sewage disposal. He also woyked out the hydraulic pioblems in connection with the design and analysis of fire protection systems at both Kipgsbury and Carbondale Ordnance ^anLs. Soneson Works In South Prof. P. E. Soneson was employed by the Quartermaster’s Depot in New Orleans as Engineer on Pier and Wharf Design. He administered a 24-weeks defense training course at Indianapolis on elementary Structural Analysis and Design. Run Tests For Army Prof. R. B. Crepps and his staff in the Testing Materials Laboratory have conducted several tests for the various military units, some of which are tests on metals used in demolition bombs, tests on metals for tank service at 80 degrees below zero, and tests on wejded specimens for the army air service. Prof. P. C. Rutledge has made Lests and recommendations on foundation soils for the DuPont Company; the Alabama Ordnance Works, Childsburg, Alabama; the Wabash River Ordnance Plant, Newport, Indiana; and the Neo,prene Plant at l.ouisville, Kentucky. Survey Camps
Last summer Prof. M. W. Todd was in charge of the Topographic surveys on the 40,000 acre Camp Atterbury project near Columbus, Indiana. About fifty CE students and University staff members were employed on this project. Prof. Todd is also a member of the Selective Service Advisory Board for Tippecanoe County and has been in charge of the last three registrations for Board No. 2. Professor B. H. Petty is chairman of the Indiana Section ASCE Committee on Civilian Pi-otection and served as Civil Engineering School coordinator of defense training courses. As speaker of the six District Stre^ and Road conferences he assisted the State Defense Council in organizing street and road men for the war emergency operations. He also planned and supervised the Annual Road School, which was devoted largely to war program of street and toad improvements. Work On Airports The Joint Highway Research Project, with Professor K. B. Wood acting as Assistant Director, is carrying on investigations of a confidential nature for the Civil Aeronautics Authority dealing with the stabilization of airport runways.
f ’ ftTmi':' St.
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
t Nows I'^iJilor Mr-niicins I'.ditnr SpoVla Kditor Iliiaincss Managor Cir/uln'liini Hlaiisger Cood Editor .
John F. Amof Don T. Brophj ..John H. Armstrong Robert L. Hadlej William D. Millan Ken K. Gjemn .Alice Chatfieh
Publication Staff Associate Editors Edilorinl Staff; R. W. hoswinkle, 1). E. Butz, W. G. Hoskins A. r, Hunttr. D. W. Ochiltree, W. E. Rafcrt. , Snorts Staff: I). E. Brewer, ,1. .S, Dawson, E. L. KarpiCk. Coed Staff': Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer. Business Staff Cicd Riisineas Manager: Julia Martin. Advoti.sing Managers: J. M. Wright, D. E. Johnson. Circulation Manager: G. H. Klouman. .CcguTinls Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keira.
Staff For This Issue Xi,-:!-.! Editor: Bntz Issue Editor: Murphy Day I'ditor: Hass Sports Editor: Karpick !5taff: Veyh. Rollins,. Stephenson, Miller, Fawcett.
EUlcred a'; .second class matter at the post office in Lafayetie, ];uli:i;ia, mider llie act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and .'It il:'- sicciril rate of postage provided for in section 1103 .•:ct of dcioio-r 3, 1917, authorized.January 20, 1922. Rublishe: o;:. W( (In. .=ii. y, Kriday aiid Sunday morning!-, during the suir 10 f ;.rni'r.tt :• .and (iaily except Monday during the fall ar, v.'ii’.l'r ! •■i.ir.'.-.t re. liclivered locally by carritr fUr ?1.2r) fc. ■unoii r s. mint r : mailed snh.scription $1.90. Rrpr scnl.ed for ualional advertising by National Advertii i'V S'l'viic lie.. College rohli.jhers Representatives, 42 Xh.diron ,Ave., New Yoik, .N. Y.
A: Second Front Now Ilcx'idline.s in the papers last night were no more encouraging about a: halt of the Nazi olfemsives in Egypt and Russia than other headlines in the past few weeks have been. The Germans have thrown nearly all available equipment and men into these two huge drives. Their plan is to knock Russia out of tlioiwar and conquer, or at least neutralize, the'Middle East. Thi.s great push is to be expected. It seems to be. agreed among militai'y analists that if Germany fails in this, this summer, she will ■have no chance of winning the war. All this concentration of power on the two major fronts has left the great portion of subjugated Europe nearly undefended. A million men sc'em.s to be the maximum which can have been left to guard the land from Norway to Southern France. Of these defenders many are undoubtedly very young and others quite old. The best of the warriors are at the front. The small amount of resistance that has been olTered British raiders by the German airforce would indicate that most of the planes are also This .seems to be an ideal time to oben the much-discussed second front. With the occupational army spread so thin, as it must be to defend the whole coast, the Allies could have a sizeable army established on the continent before the Nazis could assemble an army to oppose it. . The German armies in Russia would have a thousand miles to travel and those in Egypt even more. With conditions as they are, they couldn’t easily be spared. People in the conquered nations would also be .able to do much to hamper successful defense of the conquered territory by the German.s. ’ * If on the other hand the United Nations vyait until Japan has attacked Siberia from the rear the Russians may be so weakened that the Germans may be able to send troops to western Eui'ope and still maintain the Easter offensive. Ilow' many of our men and how much equipment is now at advance bases waiting for an attack is a military secret but of the huge out]jut from American, plants comparatively little ha.s yet seen action. The Unitecj Nations may still feel that they would like, a little more time for preparation but when situations change as quickly as they have been we can not wait until the last detail i.s planned for us by the Nazis.
ROME-
-TOKYO-
-BERLIN
dhiaiimp Jhs, Cbcu,
Nna3fl-
-OAMOl-
-avyoa
if Aure it; amazing what a few ions of bombs on a swanky resort beach can do to the customs and convent ion.s of the laity of a great nation some three llioLi'-tiiid inile.s away. No longer is the hitch-hiking jjiofefiRion a closed field. No longer do we find only coilege inen and the other type of vagrants adorning our ljijjjiway.s with up-lifted right thumbs. The last fiitiR^ye weie assuming our seniority position of the usu^b along one of our arterial thoroughfares; "we rnet some very interesting people. One waa,un instructor of our during our freshmen years, tiiiotlier was the fellow who interviewed us for a job la::t rummer, still another was mayor of one of Indiaria’E incorporated villages. After walking what .‘-(.■eiiit.d'.to be half way to our destination we came 1(j 1 lit; end of the line and found another men (he was 1 lie'otic who was bragging that he knew a fellpw by tlii.'marrie of Joe Barf , who knew a guy that had a nod/lfng accfuaintance with the chairman of the local rafipiiiiag: board). So after he introduced us to Mr. Eaif, wx! .pitched our tent right behind them and be-,gan-mpking the usual gesture to the one car that
passed every fifteen minutes.
We finally got a ride with a dignified looking gent whOj we later learned was on his way to one of lIoojjlerlsnd’B enlarged boroughs for post-war train-
^wmsm Merry*BO-BOUMB By Drew Pearson Eric Johnson Holds Meeting Wit'h 35 Industrial Leaders To Plan New Business Course WASHINGTON—It hafen’t leaked out yet, but Eric Johnston, idealistic new President of the hitherto reactionary U. S. Chamber of Commerce, had a significant session the other day with 35 of the biggest leaders of industry at which a new course for American business was (mapped out. A few years ago the'meeting would have seemed revolutionary. Johnston, who comes from Spokanp, Wash., and is the youngest man ever to be elected President of the U. S. Chamber, got down to bed rock immediately. “The trouble with us,” he said, “is that we’ve been arguing about the superficial and done nothing about the fundamentals. We haven’t realized that we can’t get anywhere just going around calling everyone in the Government visionary fools. “We all like to think that we stand for the right of individual freedom arid enlerprise—the right to work, to make fair profits, arid to sit on the front porch in our stocking feet if we want to. “And that’s exactly what the great majority of,tbe American people are fighting for today. But that system works only if you apply it realistically and fairly. And if we’re going back to the days of the bread-lines after the war, then some people wonder whether the system is worth fighting for. We may not like to admit it, but we have to face the fact that the German soldier in this war has been an awfully good fighter. Apparently he has a system which he thinks is worth fighting for. And tlie Russian has been an awfully good fighter; so he must have something he thinks is worth fighting for. “No-w that doesn’t mean we want to. adopt their systems, or that we’re going to adopt them. The great majority of Americans want the American system of free enterprise, And the only danger we face of any foreign ‘ism’ coming over to this country is if oiir own system breaks down. “And that’s where the members of the U. S. Chamber of Commerce come in. It’s up to us, after thi.s war is over, to make the system work. We can’t go back to breadlines.. If we do, we’re all ruined. We don’t want government regimentation. And the surest way to lick regimentation is to make our system work. “You are the future of industry,” Jolmston confycluded, “and the future is in your hands.” Some days after this meeting Johnston was at the. White House and told President Roosevelt about this ; meeting. The President listened ■ attentively ,then V chuckled. ' ' “How did they ever elect you president of the Unit- ^ ed States Chamber of Commerce ?” However, after Johnston’s meeting with the 35 executives was over, almost every one .of them congratulated him heartily and expressed agreement with his views. • Gigaref’tes To Get Tax Boost Despite the price-ceiling efforts of Price-Czar Leon Henderson, cigarette smokers can look for a boost in the cost of their favorite brands after passage of the new tax bill. Or probably it is more correct to say that because of Price-Czar Henderson this v/ill happen. The Office of Price Administration already has given ari informal but very definite nod to the idea that the new excise tax on cigarettes can be passed .on to the
consumer.
This assurance was given when Congressman Lansdale Sasscer from the tobacco growing countie.s of Southern Maryland went to the OPA, worried that the new tax would hit the tobacco farmer. The congressman feared the big tobacco companies could cover the tax boost simply by paying less to the farmer instead of charging more to the smoker.. Such, however, Sasscer was told, will not be the case. Note:—Cigarettes are rated the second commodity in the U. S. A. in sharing the tax burden, first being gasoline. This is because tax collection on both is epsy. . . ■ • Mr. Fry Is Versatile Expert When Federal Communications Chairman Lawrence Fly appeared before the House Interstate Commerce Commission recently, he was asked by Representative Clarence Brown of Ohio: “What is your definition of an expert?” “Well,” replied Fly, “I once heard an export described as any damned fool away from home.” “Do you pick your experts at the FCC on that basi.s?” inquired Congreissriian Brown. “No,” .said Fly. “We generally take them from the industry, where they have proven, their worth.” “I am asking these questions because of a peculiar e.xperience I.had recently,” explained the Ohio Congressman, and went on to tell how a Congre.ssional committee had referred him to an expert on accounting, “a young man who graduated from college in 1939 and was still a trifle wet behind the ears.” A short time later. Brown continued, he' called at the War Production Board on another matter and was referred to an “AgiiculLural expert.” Lo and behold, the expert proved to be the same young man who had counselled him previously on accounting. “Following this, I again called at the WPB on a matter pertaining to rnetal,” said Brown. “This time 1 was referred to an expert on copper and, believe it or not, Mr. Fly, it was the same gent.” “And,” Brown warned the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, “if I ever come down to your commission and find this chap, you and I are going to. tangle.” • 'Happy' Gels Swimming Pool For a candidate seeking re-election, eKntucky’.s melliffuous Senator “Happy” Chandler picked a very odd time to allow a war contractor i'viend to build him a ip5,000 swimming pool free of charge. The ornate 60-ft. pool of reinforce.cl concrete and blue tile is in the rear of “Happy’s” big home in ■Versailles, Ky. Builders estimate that live tons of steel and a considerable amount of bra.ss, both scarce war metals, went into the luxury gift. Donor was Ben Collings, Louisville asphalt and rOad contractor, who characterized the swimming pool as a “labor of love”. ing. He claimed there was going to be a great demand for trained weathermen after the feud, and if he could gue.s.s accurately the weather of Indiana two times a week for a month, he would receive a degree of Doctor of Weather-Guessers.—r.t.e.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Personnel Notes (jlarnegie-HHnois Steel Company, Chicago, 111.—Coming Wednesday, July 16. Inteitested in all August engineering graduates. Sign in Personnel Office by 3 p. m. Tuesday, July 14. / Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company, Barberton, Ohio—Coming Friday, July 17. .. J. C. Penney Company—Coming Tuesday, July 21. Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, July 20. Hplley Carburetor Company, Detroit, Michigan—^Coming Wednesday, July 22. Interested in August ME. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, July 21. General Electric Company, Schenectady, New York—-Coming July. 22, 1942. Interested in applications from all August Engineering and Science seniors. This includes students who are entering the armed forces. Inquire at the Personnel Office.
Daily Health Service Report
F. S. Farkas, ME *42*; H. :M. Mer^, ril, ChE ’42, and J. R. Vahderford, ME ’42, were discharged from the Home hospital where they were taken for surgical treatment, and C. E. Miller, EE ’44, was discharged from the St. Elizabeth hospital after surgical treatment. Marian Douglas, HE ’44; Betty Hutchins, HE ’43; Joan Regnell, HE ’43; Marge A. Grogan, HE ’46; P. E. Ullman, ME ’42; Margepy Bear, HE ’42, and J. R. Stallings, ME ’44, were released from the St. Elizabeth hospital.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Lafayotta
“But mother, it isn’t Tommy’s fiiult that he ran out of gas all perfectly nice young men are running out of gas now days.
University Calendar Week of July 12-18
Sunday, July 12 Earhart Exhibit W. Reception Rm., Union Monday,July 14 / 6:00 P.M. Delta Rho Kappa Meeting... ..Room 303, Union 7:00 P.M. Reamers Meeting ..Room 304, Union 7:46 P.iVI. Civilian Defense Groupi ..;......Room 212, Union Tuesday, July 14 4:00 P.M. Committee on State of University..Room 203, Union 7:00 P.M. 156 m.m. Howitzer,Competition......Armory 7:00 P.M. Christian Science Organization; Room 303, Union \ 7:00 P.M. Alpha Phi Omega Room 307, Union 7:00 P.M. Agronomy Department Meeting....W. Itaculty Lgo.,, Union 7:30 P.M. Tail Beta Pi Interview.s. i. Room 212, Union 7:30 P.M. Tan Kappa Alpha—Di.scuss'io'n ..Eliza Fov/ler Hall Wednesday, July 15 7:00 P.M. First Aid ..Room 305, Union 7:00 P.M. ■ Christian Fellowship Meeting Room 307, Union 7:00 P.M. University Club Bridge E, Faculty Lgc., Union 7:30 P.M. Tad Beta Pi Interviews Room 303, Union 7:30 P.M. Marriage Course (..........Rooms 302-304, Union 7:30 P.M. Purdue Foro.stry Club..... Room 265, Hort Bldg. Thursday, July 16 9:30 A.M. Chemurgic Meeting E. Faculty Lge., Union 9:00 A.M. Water Works Protection Meeting..W. Faculty Lge., Union 1:00 P.M. Water Works Protection Meoting- South Tower, Union 3:00 P.M. Screen Review Hall of Music 6:30 P,M. Water Works Protection Dinner ...W. Faculty Lge., Union 6:30 P.M. Chemurgic Dinner Rooms 332-334, Union Friday, July 17 9:00 A-M. Water Works Protection Meeting..E. Faculty Lge., Union 4:00 P.M. Cosmopolitan Club : ......Room 304, Union 4:00 P.M. P. O. M. M. Picnic Saturday, July 18 10:00 A.M. Post Control Aperators Assn Room 14, Ag Hall 1:00 P.M. Music Festival South Ballroom,, Union ,E. & VA Fac. Lge., Union 8:00 P.M. CONVO—Sigmund Spaeth Hall of Music
Continental Electric Company, Geneva, 111.—August or December EE. Sign in Personnel office at once. A repi'esentative may visit the campus if a sufficient number sign up. Simmonds Aerocessories, Inc., New York—^Interested in Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineers for instrument work. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, July 14. P. R. Mallory and Company, Indianapolis, Ind.—Interested in engineers for sales engineering. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, July 14. ' ' Sharpies Chemicals, Inc., Philadelphia, Pennsylvania—Interested in Chemical Engineers or chemists. Sign in Personnel Office by Thursday, July 16. Naugatuck Chemical Divi.sion of U. S. Rubber Company, Naugatuck, Connee^!i€ut—Interested in August and Erecember Chemical Engineers. Sign in Personnel Office by 'riuirsday, July 16. Pennsylvania Railroad—Interested in Decembei’ EE. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, July 25. Placemenf Service For Women RCA Manufacturing Company, Inc., Indianapoli.s, Indiana, need women for stenographic work. Any student qualified and interested should telephone 2955 or como into the Placement Service in the Executive Building as soon as possible.
itarm
NOW SHOWING DOUBLE FEATURE
t
DOES YOUR
PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service
SOUTHWORTH'S PATRONIZE EXIj>ONENT
ADVERTISERS
LucileWATSON-VirginiaFIELD Maria C. Aubrey OUSPENSKAYA * SMITH
PLUS
A Gay Romantic Adventure with More Mirth than Murder! THE FALCON TAKES OVER with GEORGE SANDERS LYNN BARI ALLEN JENKINS
You'll Have a HOWL of a Good Time!
EDWARD EVERETT HORTON]* George Barbier
MABS
Now thru Wednesday
BUY WAR..STAMPS AND BONDS ,AT TRIS JHlAIRt
YOU ill that SUIT ... the way it looks! You needn’t look like sonielliing that has keen in the stew™collar limp, lapels wilting, knees sagging. . ■ ■ That Slimmer suit was erisp, well-tailored, wellfitting when you bought it. Why not keep it that way?
umn
132 NORTHWESTERN
DIAL 3085
Presented with Pride WALTER BRENNAN
-suiom- MRIViSTUWas Former
t,, ■
Olyitipic Team Runner , By Joe Dawson With a man at the helm who is not only a great athlete and teacher but also a master showman and a brilliant psychologist, Boilermaker track fans can well be proud of their coach— Herman Phillips, known to his many friends as just “Phil”. Although he has not been blessed with an oyer abundance of material since coming here in _———____—:—:— 1987, Phillips has nevertheless turned out some of the finest athletes in the country during that time. \ Phillips is a Hoosier through and through since he spent all of his boyhood days at Kushville before entering Butler University'' in 1923. '
Versatile!
' While at Butler “f’hil” ran anything from the quarter mile to the mile- and was a better than average performer at any of the .field events. He finally began concentrating on the quarter and during his three years of varsity competition became the greatest runner in this event in the history of the Fairview institution. He was the only man ever to win the National Collegiate quarter mile three times in a row, turning
the trick,; in ’26, ’26, ’27. Before '
graduating in 1937 he also had to
his credit a National Collegiate able Bdilermaker mentor will be
Herman Phillips
championship in the mile run.
Taught At Butler
remembered more^ than anything else is his origination of the Butler
The year after he graduated Phil- Relays some ten years ago at Inlips ran for the Illinois Athletic dianapolis. Under his guidance this Club and taught school for a while annual affair became one of the at Butler. Before the year was up, most colorful and popular events of however, he voluntarily quit both its kind in the country. Another since he was chosen to represent i^oather in his hat was his brilliant the United States in the Olympic handling of the Big Ten Relays here
games at Amsterdam as a 400 me- two years ago.
ter runner. “Phil” gave a fine ac- Turned Out Some Fine Ones count of himself there by winning just a few of the athletes he has five of the six races in which he coached are listed below: Bob Lemwas entered. ou, outstanding low hurdler, who Back To His Alma Mater graduated in 1938; Steve Gutting Upon his, , return Phillips was in both the high and low hurdles; made head_coach at Butler whore Ed Holderman, slender, long .stridhe remained until coming here in ing distance runner; Red Shackle1937. To him goes a large part of ton in the quarter mile, and Dave the credit in the development of Rankin, All-American footballer, ?ert Nelson as one of the country’s who was another great liurcfler.
finest high jumpers and Ray Sears, ^ Jumper i
present track coach at Butler, as
Le of the greatest two milers jn ^ib'ts much pride m history the fact that he still can high jump The one thing for which the like- it tougher ^ , he does it with his clothes on. The
Riveter coach has somewhat of a racket started now by betting students and coaches who doubt his versatility that he can perform this feat. It always turns out the same way with Phillips coming out one
buck more to the good.
jports Communique By Bob Hadley Today’s column is written by junior sports editor Ed Karpick,'who plans to jeave this week to rejoin the Navy, where he served 4 years before enteringr the University: Ed has been vitally interested in sports while in schooh and had some things he wanted to get off his chest before he left. These are they. Some few years ago Paul Gallico left the field of sportswritihg, after a long and illustrious career. His final work was called “A ParSWell to Sports”, and was published in book form after it had run serially in a national magazine. - ’ So, it was our idea to write a farewell of our own. Since pur career has been neither long nor illustrious a column will suffice,'for oUt farewell. It isn't our intent to write something dripping, with ;Sentiment because we just don’t feel thht way. We’ve made some frieinds, we hope, and so we would like to take this way of saying goodbyeC^ithout the strains of “East Lynne” played on a violin. One of our fondest memories will be that of the Purdue-Ihdiana basketball game played in our freshman year. That ac^appiiig undersized Boilermaker five wasn’t given a chance against the talented Hoosier aggregation that won the National Ititercollegiate Championship the year before. We’ll never know where they got the winning punch to take the Boys from Bloomington over the jumps, but we’re certainly glad we vfere there when it happend. Another memory, though not so pleasant that we will take with us, is that of the Wisconsin game of the previous fall. 'I’his gUme. is living proof of the old saying, “The game isn’t over until the final gun.”' M/^ho woud ever have given those Badgers a "chance? They were a beaten, team. With only two minutes'to go they just couldn’t y^in. But-^soine-how they found that necessary punch to squeeze out that 14-13 Win. . We will reinember that game partly because we got so ekcited thgt we lit one of those large kitchen matches that fraternity pledges carry in their pockets, while the Badgers made their last score, and almost set ourselves afire. : The rise of intercollegiate wrestling at Purdue has been something we watched with no small amount of pleasure. We wouldn’t pay a nickel to see the best professional wrestling match that was ever staged. For this reason we shied away from college wrestling until one day we were assigned to cover a match for the paper. From that da;^ on we didn’t miss a single match, and watched the Boiler'^ makers climb to the top of the Big Ten heap. \ / Something that has amazed us no end is the attitude of the Purdue baseball fan. They failed to support a fighting ball club this past spring and stayed away in bunches. Furthermore, we never could figure how any baseball fan could get up and leave an air-tight ball game just because it. was dinner time. Yet, a common sight at any Boilermaker ball garne is the departure of most of those that do come to see the ball game when the dinner hour draws near. Now, since we won’t be around to be called to task if we are wrong we would like to make a prediction. Said prediction is that the Purdue football team is going to give the students and fans something to yell about. We won’t go so far as to predict an, undefeated season, the schedule is too tough, but we will predict that the seniors will throw their derbies against Fordham, and the team will be dangerous as long as they are on the field and they use a football to play the game.
I N T R AM U R A L S
Play in the All-Campus Mixed Doubles Tournament will gin tomorrow. Schedules will be posted at the Fieldhouse, the Women’s Gym, the Women’s Residence Halls, and the West Desk of the Union. No definite time will be posted for the various matches, but the scheduled opponents will have to arrange a playing time ;—i__ — among themselves. After the « A ■ I matches have been scheduled, Illinois Grid Cnoncos % players wIH be given one week to play oif their matchIf the match is not played olF during the week, it will be declared
forfeit.
Elimination Play
All of the matches will be best two out of three sets. There will be
Sophomores On Team
Leaders Mainfain Grip On Top Rung In Union Pin Leaque With three weeks remaining before the playoffs, the teams from Sigma Alpha Epsilon and Phi Delta Theta lead their respective brackets. The SAE’s have a three game margin over their closest competitors, while the Phi Delts maintain
a two game lead.
Second Place Tie . “ officials detailed to cover the Two teams are tied for^second though the football season is still early rounds of play, and the play-
place m the ' A ’ bracket. Phi Kap- more than two months off Ray
pa Tau and Delta Upilon both Eliot, new grid coach of the Umver- ^ have a record of 12 wins and^six sity of Illinois, is hard at work daily semi-final and final rounds of
losses as compared to the leaders on some phase of organizing the pj^y
Players wishing to use the Var-
In the “B’bracket the Phi Delts September 7. sity Tennis CourJ back of the baselead with a record of 13 wms and Green Team ball field on Northwestern Avenue five losses, while the Phi Sigs in According to Eliot the squad will so if they play their matches second place have 11 wins and seven be somewhat green but he is con- after six in the LLfng. Only playlosses. These teams still have to Rjent that if the players keep, on „ meet and their match should decide working with the same spirit they +b nSvileo-e^of n ’ ^ nlacp in their braeket x. j - • x- -x, -n t^e privilege of using these courts.
showed in spring practice they will jj^^^bes mdy be played on other
nign pingies develop into a real scoring machine ^4.u 4.Highlight of this past week’s before the season has progressed thev cln be sebeHi? W bowling was the high individual ^ery far. • ' they can be scheduled. game posted by John Bruck of the Otherwise the young coach makes ainpo Twi' +- Triangle team. John threw strikes ' „ nredictions but the feelinff in elimination tourin his first seven frames and looked ^ f nament, no definite date has been m nis nrsr seven names ana iooKea the camp is that the Illini can hope „ . „ , , „ ,
to be heading for the bowling hall ^ that will be much im- •
of fame. In the eighth frame he did Qygj, ggason. Everything j„ the thitViVi^ + not get as good a hit as he did previ- depends upon success in developing t V^ayevs that ously and he left the number ten stroneer line and this in turn tournament. The
pin standing. After the migs John- depends upon the development of ny went on to post the high mark promising sophomores.
for the season.
Bob Stackhouse 'had a bad night
Lose Players
Two trophies, one each to the man and woman on the winning team
The following fraternity softball games will be played Tuesday, July 14:
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
AcroBfi From Unloo
SammoDB *29 '*Doc'* Epple *40
Phone 2343
SCOBEE’S
— All Kinds of Photographic Supplies -— Fresh Film and Film Pks -— Try Our Quality Kodak Finishing —
PROMPT SERVICE 105 Northwestern Ave.
Phi Kappa vs. Pi Kappa, Phi. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Kappa Sigma. ^ Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Tau EpEijon Phi. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Theta Tau, Phi Kappa Tau vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Alpha Chi Rho vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Delta Chi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Chi. \ Acacia vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Sigma Nu vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Sigma Pi vs. Theta Xi. Delta Upsilon vs. Theta Chi. Triangle vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Delta Tau Delta. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Sigma Kappa.
The following Cary Hall Softball games will be played Monday evening: Diamond 13 Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 7. 14 Cary Hall 4 ys. Cary Hall 5. 15 Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 6. These are the last games before the final play-off and should be played as scheduled. The quarterfinals will be scheduled for Friday afternoon.
uoo :3iacKnoube 'iiau a oau ing.iu practice Eliot was able ^ ^ after his^high 612 of last week. He muster two fairly competent ^ just couldn’t put the ball in the backfields, headed by several ex- ^ ^ Student War 'pocket and didn’t come close to his pg^ienced hacks but including a few \ 1 f*'
high senes. sophomores. Already, however, nine
Miss Record ^ ^/^be 25 players who received let- . rather to
Two teams had fine chances to ters last season have gone into vari-
set new marks for high team senes, branches of the service and will Pleasures of playing but after the evening s bowling was J of a part of the
over, the SAE’s 2423 still stood as _ , ,, , , , , , , „ ,, general intensified Physical Fitness , . . .. rr>, n,. . j Probably the hardest task of all _ , , . , ,, .
the best so far. The Sigma Nu s and ... ... -x. 4. 11 „ Program by which the University
i ^ . 1 . will be to strengthen the tackle po- , , . , ?
the Beta’s went into their last dependence must be 7 ^ve the physical con-^
games needing scores below their almost entirely upon sophoevening averages to break into the ^ 0 u xir u- a-ti. a ■ om „ ,11. Tx J.1 mores. Bob Wallin, 6 ft., 4 in., 210 list of record holders. Both teams , , .• i .1 ■ „ j pounder who won his letter in 1940 fell apart in their last game and ^ ,,
hut was off the squad all last year, willj be the only experienced man available at this all-important posi-
ately after the regular season comes .
rru,... Moved Again
posted low scores.
Playoffs for the two top teams in each bracket are scheduled immedi-
Captain Jimmy Smith has been shifted again, this time to fullback
ATO's Take First Place In Softball;
Play With 10-1 Mark
With the Fraternity softball
The following Ward Tennis Singles will be played Monday afternoon: Court 1 J. H. Anderson vs. Sage. 2 Marx vs. winner Jack Comer and M. F. Anderson. The finals are scheduled for Tuesday evening.
to a close. Three more weeks of bowling remain on the schedule be-
fore playoff time.
Standings:
Week 6
“A” Bracket W. Sigma Alpha Epsilon 16
Phi Kappa Tau ...12 . ..... , . r> 1+0 TT-.o:u.. 19 fi 'Will probably round out the starix ,, , ,
Delta Upsilon l^i u I three or less losses
Runners Up
Phi Kappa, Tau Kappa Epsilon,
The fleet, 175 pound senior played |®^sue Past the halfway mark, nine left halfback as a' sophomore and teams still have a chance to cop the last year performed at the right coveted trophy. Alpha Tau Omega ,o halfback slot. Three juniors, Don leads the pack witfi ten wins and t Griffiin, Steve Sucic and Ray Florek ® f * there are eight u - - - other teams right on their tail with
L.
Phi Gamma Delta 9 ... ,.
Cary Hall 8 10 indications
Delta Tau Delta... 8 10
Ray Eliot after 29 years under
Txx,r7 1 uxT* i . j and Phi Delta Theta all have onlv T>- TTo-.-.o Ai,.v,o « in Bob Zuppke both as a player and as . . , omy Pi Kappa Alpha o lU • t j. u x i x.- two losses and are ready to sten „ . . -X. o xrv an assistant coach took over his . .. . . . lu oicp
The following semi-finals in Ward Softball will be played Monday evening, July 13: Diamond ■ , 4 Ward 2 vs. Ward 27. Umpire: Bussing. , 6 Ward 26 vs. Ward 21. Umpire: Shook.
The following Gold & Black games will be played Monday evening, July 13: ' 6:30 Field 1 Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Referee: Vegh. 2 Acacia vs. Sigma Alpha Epsi-^ Ion. Referee: Rodgers. 3 Phi Delta Theta .ys. Kappa Sigma. Referee: Logan. These games are the last games to decide the teams going to the finals which will be started Wednesday evening. Please plan to play the remainder of your Gold & Blahk games as scheduled, as these games will no longer be re-scheduled.
Beta Theta Pi.. .., 8 .10
, X. . • u 1 X H.T 1. T. lu if the leaders should falter. The aitxIx!. Qio.rvxa piii fi 12 tcachcr s job last November when r,u- ix
Alpha Sigma Fni o pjjj jjelts were listed as having r'v.: AirxWa d 14 the aging dean of football coaches ,, , , , , avuig Lambda ChpAlpha. 4 14 ^ j three losses, but the loss to the “B” Bracket W, ERot is 36, years old and a rnrp>„ ,
Phi Delta Theta ...13 Phi Sigma Kappa 11
Xd/lxCLt* XJllv/L/ 10 OU jr CAJL d L/lLl dxiu d * in
5 graduate of Illinois in 1932. While m a challenp game and
there he won his varsity football f
Sigma Nu 10 Theta Chi 10 Pi Kappa Phi 10 Alpha Chi Rho 9 Alpha Tau Omega 9 Kappa Sigma 1... 8 Acacia 5 Triangle : 5
rj ...... ... ..... ......... g _ o letter as a guard and also caught x, n x- x x. x. . , ^ - ,«ch«ll tp^nx ^"tist, has been bothered by a
sore arm in the last few games, and
TT 1 JX,-1X - x factor may hurt the TKE's He playedi his last game against x.„ xi, 1 • - 7T u- Qx X • -ICO. if XX. T. 1 chances lor the top in games in the y -;hio State in 1931 when the Buck- 4.„x.,_ -d-x x.- • . ’’ J t,- XX. X X J ^’®^^ future. Pitching is a major 10 eyes named him the strongest guard in softball play, 13 they had played against al season. of effectiveness of a 13 Ehots success was a tribute to his star moundsman is a serious blow.
g on the baseball team,
g Strong Guard
9
High individual score: Bruck, Tri- courage and deterrnination because gt^j. jjurlers
angle, 246. '' High individual series: Stack house. Sigma Alpha Epsilon, 6l2
he was at great disadvantage be-
Bob Hodapp proved the value of
If You Want to Reach These Purdue Eds and Coeds Advertise in the EXPONENT
BUY WAR BONDS
cause of .poos cyesigM. . g„„d hurling when he dealt the Phi
- - ® ” '’ol'o‘heir second loss of the season High team game: Beta Theta Pi, September, 1937, as an assistant j^gt Thursday night. Bill Mauck RQ4 football coach, freshman baseball TtU-citrsa iVse. ai„i, r.
, , X. J u X 1- j ■ 1 X pitched the Alpha Tau Omega nme
High team series: Sigma Alpha coach and he also coached ice hockey j^to first place with a 2-1 win in a
Epsilon, 2423.
for two years.
Here Is Something to Remember Rule 1— j Clothes Kept Immaculate It is still true that people judge by appearance. Be sure about yourS with clothes that are kept fresh and new looking with WEST SIDE Cleaning, ★ ★ ★
Northwestern and Vine Sts.
Phone 4081
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Qualify BAKERY
pitcher’s battle with George Overman of Phi Sigma Kappa. Mauck had the all out aid of his team while the Phi Sig errors permitted both
runs to score.
Special Sale,!
White Double Breasted (. Formal Goats Peached Lapel Our Regular $15.00 Coats
Special $10.00 Dewenter’s
416 Main Street
AeCI0ENT6 HEy> THE AXIS
W.
L.
Pet.
Alpha Tau Omega....
.10
1
.909
Phi Kappa
..10
2
.877
Tau Kappa Epsilon..
..10
2
.877
Phi Delta Theta...
.. 9
2
.818
Sigma Pi
.. 8
3
.727' ■ €
Sigma Chi
.. 8
3
.727 ■ . ■
Theta Chi
..8
3
' .727
Phi Kappa Tau..
.. 8
3
.727 .
Sigma Alpha Mu
.. 8
3
.727,. ..i^k,\\ P i’’’''"'* 1 r‘' “
; 4^11 H ;H. ':
4 1 ^
i \ I ^ (age 4
Purdiie Exponent
Sunday,, July 12, ,1942
Variety
Offers Iraining Of War Courses
Shideler Explains
f
Farmers' War Role At Conference Here
Prof. Beese Directs Program In Cities Throughout Indiana War training classes sponsored by the University have had an attendance of 22,600 persons over the state during the past year. The program, under the direction of Prof. C. W. Beese, is a part of the federal defense training program and training to meet the demands of war industries and was offered in 85
Indiana cities.
Certificates have been awarded to 6,080 persons who suc-
cessfully completed courses up to the end of June. However, the aimy and the navy, bi E H
253 classes are still in operation with a total enrollment of
6,079 in 61 cities.
The University offers courses in 83 specific subjects,
covering various branches of For War Activities
engineering, science and man-
agement Men and women without By Pat Miller pieVious mdustiial expeiience weie WRH Club is planning special offered training in the fundamen- summer activities to supplement the
tals, specters in a special Indianap-
With fighting remaining comparatively static on northern ahd southern sections of the long trout m Russia, Nazi Field Marshal Fedor Von Bock concentrated his ultimate strength in the area between Kursk and Kupyansk at the beginning
of the week.
Three spearhead assaults toward the Hon River were launched and resulted at week’s end iA an Axis drive 100 miles deep into the Don Basin.' Re-Low-income faiiheis aie making ports from MOSCOW yesterday 'WPB
a significant contribution to the na- indicated that the town of Ros- As a result of accusations last tion’s wai effort by producing food sosh, on the key MosCOW-Ros- week that some WPB officials were as well as furnishing manpower for railway, had fallen,'^ and operating with one alert eye on
WkH Plans Work To Add To Program
Shidelei, state head of the Farm Security Administration, declared Friday in an address before the closing session of the 14th annual rural leadership school at the Uni-
versity
3,767 Farmers Pledged
that there was furious fighting in
the shbuibs of Voronezh Armored Battle
The present Nazi drive is de
then own private businesses. War Productiqji Chief Donald Nelson anlouiiced Thursday a “complete realignment” of his organization He named William L Batt as' WPB
scribed as the greatest armored bat- vice chairman in older to devote
Sefg^aftt'f'Srk Ifiteives the French proix de Guerre from Marshal Foch (Jean del Val) for hts heroic \Voild War exploit. Gary Cooper’s performance was so fine that it won him the Academy »Vward “Seigtaut York” salts, today at the Lafayette.
tie in the history of the world Marshal Von Bock has thrown as
ohs class
More than 76 per cent of the persons enrolled in all classes are employed by war industiies In addition to the part-time training of-
farm families that they would make the following increases in produc-
, , , , tion this year 26,928 hogs, 192,305 intensive wai time program which , , . r-, , A, , , , , „ chickens, 1,564,291 dozens of eggs, was inaugurated last spring One n x n muH „ , j, . 2,221,343 gallons of milk, 19,114 of these special suipmer features x . .
acres of potatoes, and 1,048 acres
The state FSA head said he had 2,000 tanks into dhe Don pledges signed by 3,767 Indiana offensive, and it was reported
will be a senes of talks sponsored by the War Council apd given by members of the history department
of family gardens. “This participation in the war ef-
that at one time in the gigantic mechanized battle each side had
1,000 tanks in action
Adolf Hitler has finally yielded to pressure from army chiefs to reestablish Field Marshal Walther Von Biauchitsch in command of the German offensive in Russia over
feied to emploved people, the Uni- on various aspects of the war and relatively as great as that Informed sources sard versity is giving full time courses what the coeds can do to help. ^'ke lafge scale commercial farm- Hitler, by this move, has viion the campus in ordnance inspec- The girls will swing into action low-income farmers’ surrendered all control over
tion for employees of the Army Old- next week to help with Tippecanoe loyalty and interest in saving de- to his officers nance department, ultra high fre- County’s fiist USO drive. Each mociacy cannot be questioned, he queney techniques for the signal week the girls cooperate by volun- added “Poverty, more than any othcoips, and diesel engine operation teermg to entertain the sailors fiom ®i one factor, prevents the whole-
for naval officer s Six District Offices
To aid in the administration of these offices, the University has established six distiict offices in industrial distiicts during the past
Cary Hall by dating the boys in some participation necessary to
make democracy really live for its
people ”
Hadley, Leevy, Young Talked Dr Laurence C Hadley, Prof J R Leevy, and Dr E C Young, all of the University staff were also
of heard by the more than 100 rural
white
24-Point Program Adopted The main WRH war effort was organized under a 24-point program which the girls accepted by vote
Hush, Hush Policy
Germany’s eight sabotage emissaries to this country, apprehended over a week ago by Hoover’s FBI
more time to acting as umpire on essential policies In pointing out tnc depiivations which the American public will have to face in the futiiie. Nelson expressed his belief that the U S was in for a long war Ho said that 46 billion had been spent this year for war goods, and that the country would reach its “economic ceiling ’ next year with a war production of
75 billion
Internal Strife Despite mass executions growing more frequent each week, the Germans are having an increasing amount of trouble with then occu-
pied countries
Thiee Norwegian bishops ousted by Quisling have promised that they will preach in spite of everything.
agents, and now being tried in, sanje rebellious spii it has
year The East Chicago district has last spring This program covered
Washington by an imposing gioup of seven generals, have become a source of nutation to many people Determined to impress these
202 classes with 5,919 students Physical fitness, conservaiio^ oi + j x i i eight with their guilt before they
i-ids es wiui o,!,±v scuueiiLs, iolief work^salp ministers and community leaders ®
Muncie 233 classes, 5,173 students ii'iaceiiai resources, reiiei worx, saie i i r. -p are shot, officials will prolong the
xuuiiLie ioo Cias&es, u,j. lo sLuueiiub, „ stamus and bonds defense attending the five-day school Prof ^ /
Indianapolis, 151 classes, 4,772 pu- , , ' , , nr?' ti„ii ... tiial into its fifth day tomorrow
pils, Foit Wayne, 137 classes, 3,041 trainees, Evansville, 103 classes, 2,451 tiainees, and Jeffersonville, 64 classes, 1,286 students
courses, extracurricular activities, ^ ^ Hall of the University was in maintenance of student morale, and charge of the closing program publicity — Not only are the girls buying war ei’s Bureau, is chairman of the Tip-
Southernaires (Continued from page 1)
the importance of the church in the volunteered to offer their services
Irves of the people and of then to war agencies superstitions Reduce Dance, Tea Budgets
Smith Tells Stories As another part of this program.
He claimed for his sister
fact that the government won’t let people know what is going on in the
, , X,, , X, r. . , ^ trial Head of the new Office of stamps, but the WRH Club spent pecanoe County Speaker’s Commit- ^ Tnfmmition Elme. Divu; is ‘fi200 for bonds and subscribed 60c tee, whose members have been giv- . .. x ’ x xv, ' i , , , , fighting now to get news through
per member to make the member- — x„ii.„ x„ .
ship 100 per cent in the Red Cross. Seventy-eight per cent of the girls
mg talks to various organizations on the operation of the USO in this
county
Lull Trains Group
Last semester Prof Lull coached a group of twenty students to speak
AS anotner pare oi tnis program, ..x ,Y,pptino’c Tlipcp cXnUpnXc ”
ne ciaimea lor ms sister the the Valtentme tea and the spring conjunction with the Student War nTm^flfentdlr g^elVy by^vha^ ® ^‘'ther unhealthy political honor of introducing the open-toed formal wme given on a greatly re- Council, then gave talks to student xn^lp^l xw . .
gioups and organizations on the war effort, emphasizing Wai Stamp
and Bond sales
been noted in Fiances where the Nazis are unable to icciuit woikeis
for then war factories
The Nazi-iazed Czechoslovakian town of Lidice will live again in the United States today as Wendell Willkie and Col Vladimir Huiban,
The source of 11 iitatioii lies in the c^ech Munster to the U S, speak
at the dedication of Lidice, Illinois The dedication piogiam will be broadcast over the entire world, according to the Light of Liberty Committee, to show Axis nations that flee men will not reiiiain con-
quered
Politics
And perhaps in indication that democracy can cairv on as bcfoie the war, or possibly as 111 iiidica-
to the public, but he is opposed by a school of thought which assumes that the man in the street is not qualified to Know all the facts and think things out for himself Tending to prove Davis’ conten-
Notices
Rcnmer Club Meeting Monday at 7 15 p m in loom JOl Plcdk>cb at 7 !5
—KNOTD
Alpha Phi Omegra 1 Itction ot oiheers lucbdi> Tub II in loom -107 of llu Union All actives b( present Mtetitm will bcf^in piomptb it 7 SO p m Hike pc stponed In stillition ot ntw ofiuers and bcinqr i iculty ul\ i Cl to be held in n om cf the Jnion on liiesdiy July 21 at 10 p m
WIUSUU
IS") mm Howitzer Juniors Mietink Mon d IV July 11 it 4 p m in room 20) of he Aimoiy ^ — VANDb UFORD Rofi-er ^\ilhani<? Club The pienie will bo hell Suneliy Julv 12 at V iwlcr s The ronp will j_o to Church scrvic at 10 10 Hid Icav immediately iftciw nds SCHAl r lOL PIA Chorus Ih rt will le i m toinr Monday fuly 1 at 7 10 in th S ufh hvvti . L the Unnn Hi NDRICKS KS mm Howitzer Squads Meet in loom 10 ( th Aimoiy it I 17 i m on Tuly 11 to icimpetilun R pre mi t VANDLRI ORD Chri'jliTn I oundation I leshm in as r 11 ti n swimming i uty lu sd iv 7 ilv June I oundation (IH S Cnnt) it 7 15 1 m NASH Ut imtrs Mo linj, it 1 }) ni Mond iv luly 11 in loom 10 1 of the Union IMedtris b pres nt it 7 It m —KNOL’ Union Recreation ( omm Meetinr nt I 1) 1 in luiy 1-i in the Rue llu rilliwin’’ shuild bt thei C ffinj Colli Ici PIul r Miitin ly iiul I i,^liaiulo
—Nl I SON
I ta Krppa Nu Impoit<int m etin„ Mon diy Tuly IT it i m in the i idinr r m )1 the 1 V biillinu RI i D
situation Within the boundaius of om own United States, the Piesident made cloai this week that he would back loi office candidates who had suppoitcd his foumn policy 100 pci cent bcloK Pcail Hiil)oi
Chemistry Makeups Chem 3 condition , eximination will be Kiven Wednesday July lo at 4pm in reom 404 of the Chemistry building —PEARCE AJl Students Movies illiistroting the story of i Quaker woik camp in Mexico will be hown tomcht at the First Methoelist Chinch It ) 4) p m E^eiyone is invited to attend —BADGER Radio Guild Meeting of all members Monday July IT in WBAA audience studio it ) p m All announcers diamatic art jsts etc in uigtd to ittend Important summer iiHns will be discussed
—MYERS
Zouaves 1 mal elimination and selection fC plulns vyill t ik< place Monday and liiesdiy July IT and 11 it 4 p m in the \imny lormil pledging will take place Wedmsdiy July 1) it 1 15 p in in tie Armoiy —lACKSON Alpha Zeta Important meeting Tuesday Tulv II at 7 I'' p m in room 305 of the Uni n All jh lg( s be tbin bv S p in in lull lit II 1 arh pU (igt must have a five mm lU po eh dc finding his option prepai 1 iTiitu, snnu dill objiet (osting not 1 ) ire thm tvv ntvfi\€ edits repuseliting his i ptio 1 ind 1)1 me full boxes —BRADFIFLD Uniin Personal Comm Meeting July 13 nt 1 I ) p m m the Ifiee llu following h nil 1 I llu 1 J)v(ik I evm Schutt Sdu in bhipiio and Wilson
~HII EER
Union PubliCily Comm Miotmg Tuly 13, it 1 1 p m m the otTid Uu following h ul i 1) Ih i Billiea C ildnrel Gannon Mathis Nodting and Reynolds —KAl IbRJOHN Puttering Shops Meding of Union commilti m th( ollue it t 17 p m Tuly 13 I u I llovdiu should be there Blakley C 1( iiwalei ( laig 1 ingiy Stallings Sant 1 i md Wio iwai I —KII STLR Union C amcra ( lub Comm Meeting on T ih IT ill th olTif t I 17 p m The lollowmg sh uld lu then Blade Cohen I dint nil Hilliird Stillings and Slalir
—PURMAN
iIiiK n Defense Comm Meetmc*' in the ofi\ it I l pm Tuly IT tile following h lid 1)1 Ihd ITiycr Driscoll Flniina nil Iipptrt Pidei Smith end Meikd —CHAPMAN Union Muhic Room and Reception < omm* M tin (u Tuly 1 T it 1 1) j m in the 11 Ih t I) vm,., sh ul<l b tiu re Col Im I llifi t duel Cuflnu Quick and Wnelit -MACDONAL D
shoe which is now standard footwear for both wintei and summer His sister, in common with the othei plantation woikeis who went baie-
duced budget by holding the dance in the Halls and by having a campus band Programs, decorations, corsages and lefieshments were also
footed, had such large feet that eliminated in an effort to cut exSeais’ largest shoes were not large penses
enough.
So the sister took the axe and chopped out the toes of her shoes in order to make them fit Smith’s sister was put out of the church for this immoral act, but now all of the best people do it, although most of them do not use an axe The part of the program which the audience had expected least was the little seimons which Smith
Speech Staff Explains Price Ceiling Rules
Classified Ads
Staff members of the University
threw'in between‘numbeir if anyi Department, working undei one else had attempted to get up auspices of the civic clubs of and preach, the audience would have Lafayette, have undertaken the task rebelled, but the homespun philos- of explaining the mysteries ot puce ophy which Smith offeied so sin- townspeople in piofescerely wasn’t at all hard to accept oiganizations Dr
Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes sold rented icpaired andpurchised Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Mam, Lafayette Phone 2779 Money to loan on diamonds watches guns luggage typewiiters Albeits Loan Office
407 Columbia
Lost—Yellow corduroy jacket in EE bldg Call Brophy 4071
Lost Gold Waltham v tennis courts Saturday 3301 Row 110
rist watch on men fa Phone Bob Hadley
Alan H Monioe and Pi of P E Lull, both of the Speech Department, aie CO chairmen ot the Speakeis Bureau of Crvihan Detense
Program Closes With Song In introducing the last group of
numbers, which was offeied as
songs tiom “The Weatherbeaten, ^
Whitewashed Chuich, he asked foi “more churches in the heart and fewei on prominent coiners in cities” This last gioup of spirituals was sung with the lights dimmed and was so impiessive that there was hope foi a few seconds
Help Wanted—Oft ice assistant—demen taiy bookkttpmg ixpcruncc and iccuracy handTing cash some stcno„iaphic ability— gcnci il ft ing Wi itc L\i ( nent Box N j 14 The diive to save household tats is expected to net 500,000,000
was organized pounds a year, oi enough to make
by the civic clubs of Lafayette under the leadership of Rabbi Meyei
H Simon as coordinatoi Organizations Participate
Town oiganizations participating in this activity aie the Rotaiy,
from 50 to 100 million pounds ot glyceiine, 100 pounds of tats will yield enough glycerine to make twenty-foiu and one halt pounds ot
mtioglyceiin
they heal is the news this week that the Biitish admit the failuir of their effort to piopaga dize this count!y The British Bioadcasting Company has decided to discontinue 01 abate its windv, sentimental British Ameiican hiotheihood talks
Egyptian Impasse
A temporaly stale mate in Egypt between Axis and Allied Nation forces has world spectators of the important battle sitting on the edges of then seats in anticipation
of the next move
In spite of the haul won advance of Gen Auchmleck’s 8th Yimy dui ing the past few days, the Bntish are none too confident about the outcome as yet The tact that Rommel’s Axis tioops can receive le placements and equipment in thiec weeks as against the Bntish supply time vhich is a mattei ot months, indicates that the piesent quiet may veiy well be a lull befoie the big
stoi m
United Nations’ tioops now have the offensive in the battle west ot El Aldmein, and still retain supenoi ail power while Rommel lests 65 miles trom his immediate objec tive, the Altxandiian Naval base
that the audience would tor once Lions, K,warns. Optimists, and Ex-
not applaud after a religious pio-
gram
The convocation was closed with the “Star Spangled Banner” sung by the quartet and the audience The
change Clubs, the Chamber of Commerce and Junioi Chambei ot Commeice, and the West Lafayette
Business Men’s Association Di Monioe, in addition to his
quaitet'and then unusually capable ‘‘“Les as co chan man ot the Spoakaccompanist and an anger, Spencei
Odom, will go into the United States Coast Guaid soon, but Smith warned that “Too many of us aie concerned with making the United States fit to live in instead of making oui selves fit to live in the
United States ”
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINtS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
ACCIDENTS HELP THE #tl$
couNca.
Our Prices Are Frozen, but^ur Quality NEVER! We are constantly striving to improve our
QUALITY, to give our customer the benefit of
any improvements.
Crown Laundry
Top of the Hill
T
W^C£££SMAr£ /m£P£/\fPEmE hy Fighting T^eep It I Buy War Bouds and Stamps for Victory