OahxsbdL 'ScdcL ^Idajl Jodajif,
4t
i*l ■)>• 5ir\j>v '
^ It V m> t ni. ■vii4-»|*« ,J " t' »!f^ '«, »J <. * -« ^ V it ' " 'i-
*' ,C 4
f*' >> 1 > I-
Dr. Hu Shih Speaks At Baccalaureate
Z.1ts
Founded In 1889
xMUieni § " Daily Since 1906
Sfiortt Edition
Volume 52, No. 173
West Lafayette, Indiima
Sunday, May 4, 1941
Day’s Activities End Gala Week;
Hr John A<Iiiaxa 7 6 Baccalaureate Starts At 2:30 p.m.
Boilermaker Rally Falls Short As Hoosiers Take
By John Adamson
Indiana’s diamond forces put another damper on the Boiler maker’s Gala Week festivities yesterday morning when they hung up a 7-6 win over the Riveter baseball aggregation. It was the second straight victory for the Hoosiers, who had started things off in a merry fashion with a 10-1 shellacking of the
local lads on Friday.
Janisch Starts Janisch started on the mound for the Boilermakers and lasted for six innings before retiring in favor of Johnny Emmert. During his reign, the husky right-hander yielded six hits and five of the Indiana runs. Hundley twirled for the visitors until the eighth innipg when a Riveter uprising sent him to the showers. The Hoosiers started the scoring in the second inning on a pair of hits, a walk, and a high throw by first baseman Blanken. Hundley gave the Boilermakers a helping hand in the last of the third when he issued a pair of passes to force a run in. Nothing else came of it, however, for Janisch left three run(Continued on page 4) Barry French Wins freshman Award; Bob Hajzyk Second One of the features of yesterday’s gridiron show was the halftime presentation of the Purdue IPreshman Football Merit Trophy, -which is awarded annually. The trophy was won by Barry French, 220 pound tackle, who hails from Sioux Falls, S. Dakota. In order to retain the prize, French must return to school this fall scholastically eligible. A former Washington high school (South Bend) star. Bob Hajzyk, was named as alternate. Hajzyk is a quarterback. The presentation was made by Henry Roberts of Indianapolis, executive vice-president of the Purdue Alumni Association. Three members of the present team have won the award, an engiaved watch, in the past. John Petty, fullback, was the winner in 1938, Tommy Melton, co-captain and guard, achieved that honor in 1939 and Red Carter, halfback, won it just a year ago. e.c.y.
McCutcheon, David Ross, Others Talk At Founder's Banquet Using short to the point talks, a group of prominent alumni including John T. McCutcheon, David A. Ross, and George Ade and President E. C. Elliott, were speakers last night at the Pounder’s Day Banquet in the Union ballrooms. McCutcheon, Ross arj^ Ade each Ade Speaks spoke briefly on the “Boilermaker” spirit displayed by the returning alumni and the humorous side of their part in the production of the “College Widow” plus a few remarks on the passing of time. Dr. Elliott spoke on the point that this year is the first time in nineteen years that he has been here that both Ade and McCutcheon were present for Poimder’s Day. He also mentioned that a portrait of McCutcheon was on display in the Men’s Lounge of the Union for this week. After that it will be on exhibit in institutions throughout the state as an example of what Puidue produces, and will “probably” become a part of the University. Axton Honored Mitchell Menachof sports, announcer for WKRC presented the first Noble Kizer award for the outstanding senior fotball player to Ted Axton. When presenting the award, Menachof mentioned that Axton was the lightest center in Big Ten competition. Axton is a member of Beta Theta Pi social fraternity and is taking agriculture. Mai Elwaid announced that the Purdue Alumni award of a $100 (Continued on page 4)
Festivities Reach Half Way Point |.|y 5||j|, Jq AddrCSS
Seniors, Faculty Today
Baccalaureate Program Closes Week's Activities Outstanding events of the day notwithstanding the Gala Week dinner are the FacultySenior academic procession at 2:15 o’clock and the Baccalaureate exercises at 2:30 o’clock this afternoon. Students and faculty will form for the procession at 1:40, the faculty forming on the ground floor of the Executive building and the students forming in the Armory. The students will leave the Armory at 2 o’clock and the faculty leaves at 2:05. Visitors will march in the rear of the Academic procession. The route of march will be completely around the Mall and then to the Hall of Music using the front steps. By tradition students wear the tassles on their caps on the left side, it was pointed out yesterday by Prof. H. H. Wikel, chairman of the commencement committee. Activities for the alumni start at 9 o’clock this morning with breakfasts and business meetings as scheduled by class secretaries. At 10 o’clock, the calendar lists “Open House” at the home of President and Mrs. Elliott, golf at the East and West Side clubs and the Municipal course as well as the “P” Men’s tournament at the West Lafayette country club. At 12 noon the Gala Week Dinner will begin. At the dinner silver certificates are to be presented to members of the 1916 class which is celebratihg its twenty-fifth reunion and gold certificates to members of the 1891 class which is celebrating its fiftieth reunion. Loyalty certificates will be presented to other five year reunion classes fiom 1911 on
down.
At 4 o’clock Mike Murphy, stunt flyer, will demonstrate '‘What shouldn’t be done with an airplane” at the University airport.
Doc' Brasch Teaches Teachers To Teach Condemns Grading System Because Competition Accentuates Dishonesty; Believes ^^Texts, Lectures Should Be Adapted To Individual Students”; Praises Extra-Curricular Activity
By Joe Dolan Dr. Irving Brasch, a man who was instructing in college at the tender age of 20, a student regarded by Dean Pechstein, of Cincinnati, as his most read scholar, and an instructor of education and applied psychology here at Purdue in what is known as the “Pink Building” has been the victim of my . case study of teachers on our campus. Teacher InstructorDr. Brasch, a major in philosophy in his undergraduate days at Cincinnati University, teaches the subject known as “education” to Purdue juniors and seniors who are planning to enter the teacher vocation. According to “ed” text books and populhr belief, the instructor of “education” is the poor teacher, because “teachers who can’t teach, teach prospective teachers to teach,,” but a converse to that is tiue here. Fosters Self-Competition Dr. Brasch’s pet peeve or indiosyncracy in this “dam grading system” one mns into everywhere one goes to school. Brasch would like to
see pupils graded on self improvement—not in competition with the group. A keen student of individual differences. Dr. Brasch believes that dishonesty is too accentuated by competition with the class group instead of self improvement contests. Extra Class Activities - As far as extra-curricular activities are concerned, Brasch is impressed by these business experiences as being extra-class, as they are certainly a part of the curriculum. Quite an athlete and debater as an undergrad, Doc, as he is known, feels that activity gives a certain social aspect that can’t be obtained in the class room or in the back of the book. Teaching teachers to teach means that all material handed out in his course is purely hypothetical, and gaining class attention and attendance must be a problem which led to my next interrogation about class attendance 'to which Brasch answered, “it’s up to the student.” Brasch feels that the teacher shpuld be the force that draws the students by implanting in them the desire to find out the puzzles of the
course. “A material’s adaptation to the student’s choseif field is the prime requirement for making a student want to reconnoiter into book lain’n,” says Brasch. Student Is Important Doc ended our discussion on teaching techniques with a point that could go well with any course except those mathematically founded when he expressed his desire to see texts and lectures so flexable so that the materials could be adjusted to the students rather than students adjusted to the material, material that is then forgotten. The Boy Instructor Dr. Brasch started to college at Cincinnati at the age of 16, received his B. A at 19, and was a teaching fellow at 20. Today he is 26 years of age, and next month he will don his cap and gown for the formal presentation of his Ph. D. degree at Cincinnati U. His dissertation was accepted last June but not published until this May. He likes to be called just plain “Doc” and being just removed from his undergrad days, he seeks to avoid what he considers a teacher’s worst enemy—stereotypeness.
Joe Reichman Plays For Dance;800 Alumni Attend With close to 800 alumni registering, the Gala Week celebration' went into full swing yesterday. The affair began with the morning meetings of the alumni in each of their respective rooms and closed the day with the Sen-ior-Alumni dance in both ballrooms of the Union. Joe Reichman supplied the music. The campus enrollment was further increased with parents, friends and future students. The program began yesterday at the speech clinic and demonstration in University Hall. Alumni also met old classmates at receptions held m their respective schools. Famous G Every place was filled at the Gala Week luncheon held at noon in the North ballroom. Announcement was made of the election of J. Ralph Thompson of Seymour, as agricultural alumni trustee to succeed Palmer Edgerton and the ratification of the appointment to William A Hanley of Indianapolis as alumni trustee. A surprise feature at the luncheon was provided when Henry Roberts of Indianapolis, alumni vice-president presented a plaque to the University as a memorial to I. C. DeHaven ’05. Other speakers at the banquet were Associate Dean V. C. Fieeman, George Ade, David Ross, and Prank Hock-
ema.
Rank Is First Several thousand persons witnessed the 22 gun salute in front of Fowler Hall. The scheduled 72 gun salute was called off due to the defense program. After G. P. Walker, secretary of the 1916 class placed a wreath on John Purdue’s grave, the classes lined up behind the Boilermaker mascot in their annual parade. Harry Rank ’84 again had the honor of being the oldest alumni in the parade. He has had this distinction for several years. The five members of the ’91 class followed with impressive silk toppers. The ’16 class, holding their 25th anniversary, announced 150 members in the parade, lead by two auburn haired and a brunette drum majorette. The ’41 class paraded with five members. The music was supplied by 132 students of the regular football band. The parade end|ed at the stadium, e.w.n. Aeromodelers Try For Cash Prizes In Annual Affair Today Model airplane enthusiasts will assemble for their third annual outdooFcontest, sponsored by the Aeromodelers club, today from 9 tq 6 o’clock about ten miles north of West Lafayette on River Road. The route to the contest will be marked with signs. Planes with gasoline motors, rubber powbred models and gliders are the three classifications which will be open for competition. Winners will be chosen by averaging the time of several flights and $125 in prizes will be awarded. •
Doors of the Hall of Music will open this afternoon at 1:20 o’clock for the celebration of baccalaureate exercises of the class of ’41. Guest speaker at the afternoon’s services will be Dr. Hu Shih, Chinese Ambassador to the United States, a brilliant figure among contemporary writers of his race, and a speaker of note, it was announced by President Elliott.
Dr. Shih is the son of a widely known scholar and explorer, was "born in Anhwei, China in 1891. He began his studies of Chinese at the age of three in his native town and then studied at Shanghai when thirteen. After his studies in Shanghai, he passed examinations for an indemnity scholarship which permitted him to study in America.
Attends Cornell
He enrolled in the School of Agriculture, Cornell University but later changed to the school of Arts and Sciences; he graduated in 1914 and then continued his studies at Cornell and Columbia, receiving his
doctorate in 1917.
The ambassador, through his writing and poetry, was instrumental in his country’s adoption of the National language of China. He has served as professor of philosophy at Peking National University. Hu Shih holds honorary degrees from Harvard, Columbia, Yale, Brown, Duke, Wesleyan, California and Chicago Universities. Afternoon’s program will begin promptly at -2 o’clock. Students, faculty members, alumni and the general public ai-e invited to attend. President Elliott, several years ago, inaugurated the system of holding the baccalaureate exer- ' cises on the Sunday nearest the University’s Founder’s Day which is held on May 6. j.f.z.
Interview Navy Flying Recruits Tomorrow Ensigm Bartling of the Naval Recruiting Station in Chicago will visit the campus tomorrow and spend the entire week interviewing students interested in flying. An attempt is being made to form a squadron from the University which would be known as the “Flying Boilermakers,” should they enter
the service as a group.
All applicants should apply at the Personnel office tomorrow be-” fore consulting Ensign Bartling, who has just returned from Pensa-
cola Air Field. More Money
The age limit for prospective naval flyers is from 21 to 27. Bartling states that each student, while in training, flying will receive $75 per month in contrast to the monthly pay of $21 that goes to army diaftees. Social life in the flying corps IS not negletfted, for dances are held every Saturday evening in the Officers Club. Other means of lelaxation are also provided. For-,each additional year in the air corps a cadet receives a $500 bonus. After eight months training the student receives officers’ pay of $245 per month. The naval board is attempting to organize a special University unit oh the campus which should consist of at least 40 members. Applicants who are accepted will be sent to one of five naval bases in the Ninth District.
Expment Staff Don’t forget the banquet tonight in the west faculty lounge of the Union at 6 o’clock. The Fifth Street Rag will be distributed at that time. —DONAHUE.
Old Grads Voice Opinions On Football As Played Then An^ Now; Team Gets Okay
By Ed Young “I think they have considerable material out there. Looks like prospects should be good for this fall. They handle their feet as well as they handle the ball.” Thus spoke “Doc” Smith, ’10, when asked to give his reaction on yesterday’s intra-squad game. Smith, who played qhite a bit of football in his day, had one “beef” he wished to register. He said that a lot of the grads had come here to get in a little golf and could locate no caddies. What—No Drop Kicks? A few rows away Jack Rumley, ’12, was chatting with William Hanley, ’ll, now president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. Rumley contended, “The boys are a lot smarter today. “They’ve learned a lot. The ode thing which seems to be lacking is the ability to dropkick.” Hanley admitted, “The teams seem wonderfully well - balanced and the play is cleaner than in my day,” but confessed later that he had been more engaged in talking to his old schoolmatos than observing th^ happenings on the gridiron. A. F. Alward, ’97, observed, “The
two most pronounced differences between the game I played and the game of today are the forward pass and the huddle. We had our plays set in series, so sometimes we would run eight plays on one signal.” Timing Plenty Good “Their timing seems very good for this time of year,” was Harry Stiles’, ’ll, comment. He termed our new mascot, “Ingenious, very clever.” We buttonholed another individual whom we thought had seen some gridiron service, and upon questioning he advised us that he, J. M. Drabelle, ’10, had been a member of the class team. “The yarsity used to take it out on us after they had been whipped. He mused, “I can remember when the Exponent headlines read, 'Hand Makes Big Hit At Chicago. Team Loses, 48-0*.” Ahtma Give Squad “O. K.” The general consensus seemed to be that the Riveter’s football fortunes this fall would be a far cry from those gloomy days. A exoss-^ section of the alumni present has pronounced this edition of the team as fit for the coming season. e,c.y.fiaqsL 2-£diiA.
Sunday, May 4, 1941
(pjjUtduiL £xfiOfuinL
The ^th Colunm
Louisville, metropolis of the famed mountain-deW country, saw quite a crowd jam Churchill Downs yesterday to watch a horse race. The part that did Col. Matt Winn’s heart good. Was the crowd of nearly 100 thousand. Ten thousand horse-lovers. * * * And 88,000 sampling last year’s bourbon. * ♦ » We can just hear the announcer ... “a fiery horse with the speed of light ... a hearty shout and a . . . “Heigho Whirlaway.” Ht * And maybe the William Tell overture. * * But not all the Kentuckians were in Kentucky yesterday. We ran across two of them on the campus for Gala Week. Both wearing alumni class buttons. And in general. Doing a good job of spreading the cheer. Like true Boilermakers they were questioning likely sources of information. For the addresses of the sororities. * * ♦ Evidently the ratio back in 1920 wasn’t any better than it is now. ^ ♦ And like true Kentuckians. Their voices had that soft accent. Not even half of it could be understood. Except for one part, clearly understood. They wanted to buy us a mint julip. ♦ * ♦ It seems as though not all the Boilermakers were enjoying the festivities yesterday either. Over in the EE Building the sophomore Chem engineers took, some bad doses of medicine from one to four and seven to ten last night. The label on the bottle said.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered «a second elaas matter at the poet ofliae la Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Conaresc of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the re^ar academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mall subscription, $8.60. Editor-In-Chief. R. W. Donahue Business Manager Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Bditor......_ J. H. McKee Managing Editor.*. D. K. Bbiple Associate Editors: N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Parcdl, L. W. KuSner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D, S. Powers, G. C. lAUders ; Promotion Manager, C. Danglemajer; Aecounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor., ■ Beth Simpson , Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 -Madison Ave., New York, N. Y, Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Johnson Assistant Night Editor: Clark Staff: A. Worsley, E. C. Young, P. B. Lewis, J. D. Fraser, D. W. Meier, J. F. Adamson, E. W. Nordlinger, E. G. Keiper, M. J. Fox, J. F. Zinski, L. W. Archibald.
Bray’s Comprehensives, . ♦ * * That’s one for the pharmacy school. * * * No doubt the chemicals were misinformed at the beginning of the semester regarding the curriculum. Seems as though these tests are required to prevent the student receiving a D grade in the course. That needs the Dies committee, being, we think. Sort of subversive.—Iwa
JoUl
Congratulations, Ted! Last night at the Founder’s Day banquet the first Noble Kizer Award was made and the recipient was varsity center, Ted Axton. Those of us who know Ted and have had occasion to work with him feel that there could have been no one more deserving. The award was made for his prowess on the gridiron and in the classroom but it also should have been made for his true Boilermaker spirit in giving fully and completely of his time in doing every job assigned to him. We watched Ted get out and work hard in making the Blanket Hop last fall a huge success. And we’ve also noticed that he did a fine job with Charlie Bowman as co-chairman of the Gala Week Committee: Ted carries his team play on the gridiron right into his daily life. And last night, in his usual modest mahner, he shifted the spotlight of glory from himself to the man for whom the trophy was dedicated, “Nobe” Kizer. Truly, Ted, you exemplify for the student body, and the Alumni, the term Boilermaker and we’re very happy to extend our congratulations to a swell guy.
Senior Employment Rises Above'40 High Employment of University seniors, which is always at or near the top among educational institutions of the United States, is already considerably above last year even at commencement time. Demand for engineering graduates is exceptionally heavy in light of the increased industrial activity, and, on April 23, a total of 78 per cent of this year’s graduates had jobs as compared with 70 per cent last commencement day. David L. Arm, acting director of personnel for the engineering schools, said he expected all to be employed by graduation day, June 8.
Student Senate . . . elections have been set for May 16, it was announced today by Tom Yoder, Senate publicity chairman.
fioiniJL
To the parents: We join with you in that feeling of pride which you are experiencing in being here for this great occasion. To the seniors: Congratulations to you who are nearing the finis of your college career after four years spent in diligent effort. ■ And to all: A hearty welcome to Southworth’s, Drop in and browse arouhd' during your stay here on the campus.’ Southworth’s will be happy to have you see their complete student supply store which serves your sons and daughters. * He * * While you’re roaming around the store take special note of the completely equipped Tobacco Shop near the front entrance. You men who enjoy pipe smoking will no doubt appreciate looking through the twenty-five different brands of pipes which Southworth’s are displaying. In addition to the standard varieties, all sorts of novelty ones are available. For instance a pipe with a carved dog’s head for a bowl or, if you’d like one which is less likely to bite, try a white clay which colors like meerschaum after smoking. And there are a few Sun- ■ rise Briars still selling for $1.76. Fifty-seven different kinds of tobaccos to use in your pet pipe can be had in the Tobacco Shop. Here all. the popular brands of cigarettes are available for your use, too, selling at two for a quarter and two for twenty-nine for Phillip Morris. ; And you fellows who have recently put out your pins and face your choice of, the river or cigars for all the brothers, if you’re smart, will stop in and make your purchase before it’s too late. Before leaving don’t miss looking at the tweed tobacco pouches (made to match your new spring suit), and the Humydrole gadgets which go in your tobacco pouch to keep the tobacco fresh.
— PEGGY*
Draw «
HMMBCCKMUTiynDliE
Program Of Eleven Events Planned For Annual Gymkhana Fourth annual Gymkhana wll be presented next Sunday afternoon on Intramural Field, just north of the Women’s Residence Halls, as the final event of Mothers’ Day Festivities on the campus next week-end. This horse show, which is an annual University event, will be sponsored by the University Riding Club and will feature eleven differ-
ent events. Nine of the events will be open to the public, while the other two, horsemanship class for women and horsemanship class for men, will be participated in only by members of the Riding club. A pleasure class is open to all amateurs. The horses are to go at a walk, trot or canter. The five gaited saddle horse class is open also to amateurs. Also open to the public are the junior horsemanship class, to be ridden in by boys and girls 16 years, of age or under, bareback horsemanship, a diaper race, musical chair, and amateur jumping. There is no entry fee for any of these events.
LUMA
CECIL B. DeMILLE’s
CECIL B. DeMILLE in Technicolor!
DOUBLE
iShal*)} Fanged Blood Sucking Death. Dives out of ^ Midnight Skies!
It Will Petrify You!
PLUS
Masterof Murder! King of Crime! A breath snatch-ing-erie eyeful of spine chilling super horror! DEAD MEN TELL NO TALES with Enilyn Williams — Sara Seegar
ii iJ
Now Showing
Notices
All Electrical Entrineers: Sign' up in EE office for inspection trip and AIEE meeting at Illinois University May 10.
Exponent Staff: Keep the deck cleared for action on Sunday, May 4, for the annual Exponent banquet in the Union at 6 p. m. (27-4) —DONAHUE.
A vbluntary kki patrol is being formed at Colorado College and leaders of the chmpuS rtlbYement have chosen as a testing ground the snow-covered slopes of 14,100-foot Pike’s Peak.
Riding Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 6, 7:8p p. m. in Union. Ask/at West Desk which- room. Reserve seat parses will bo given out.. ' —GRAHAM.
Reamers: Show tickets will be ready for distribution at meeting Monday, May 4, at 7:30. Please be present —BOHLIN.
Sophomore Union Workers: All sophomores petitioning for junior jobs must be present at meetiitfe Monday, May 6, at 4:15 p. m. in' room 806. —BENNETT.
Cadet Luncheon Committee: There will , be a short meeting Tuesday, May 6, at 4 p. m.- in the Armory. Ticket sales will bh checked. ‘ Any committee member unable, to attend the meeting should call me before the designated meeting time. —MEBSE.
Radio Club: There will be an open meeting Tuesday, May 6, in room 264 in the EE building. Mr. C. G. Hylkema will give a lecture demonstration on “The Measurement of Radio Circiiit Elements At High •■Frequencies.” All members please be present as election of officers will be held. -REYNOLDS.
All Sophomore Chem and Mets: All sophomores who have not been excused must take the comprehensive examinations to be given May 3 and 10, 1-4 p. m. and 7-10 p. mr respectively in room 129 of the EE building. .—BRAY.
Classified Ads
Typewriter* and adding machinee, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriten, $29.71 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and mnltigraph work. C. P. EJberahoff, 80$ Main St. Phone, 2778.
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the first semester registration, September 8, 9, 10, 1941, are requested to make application before the end of the present year on the blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office. Those with previous experience .at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. —STONE.
For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2487.
Lost: Pink gold Hammond wrist watch with brown silk band. Will finder please communicate with Florence Croll at 8413. Reward.
Lost: Pair of shell rimmed glasses. Reward. Jack Hiursch. Phone 6086.
New PIA Board: Meeting at 4:30 p. m. Monday, May 6, in PIA Offices. Lots to be done—^be there promptly. —ELDER.
Lost: Chi Omega pin between Union and sorority. Reward. Gall Mary Katherine Gee. 8418.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, May 4, at 7:30 p. m. in room 261 of 'Union. Guests coming. Bring manuscripts. —RIEGLE.
Eta Kappa Nu Actives and Pledges: Informal initiation will be held Tuesday, May 6 in reading room of EE Building. Actives be there by 7 :16 p. m., pledges by 7:30. —HULTGREN.
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
University Choir: Compulsory rehearsal Sunday, May 4, 9 :30 a. m. on Hall of Music stage. —AMT.
Chance of SMiools: Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the registrar’s office. —STONE.
POMM: Formal initiation and election of officers in Armory Tuesday, May 6, at 6 p. m. —McCAMMON.
IRANCES IAN6F0RD* FRANK CRAVEN •ROBS WATSON PHIL HARRIS •Distribuied bvRKO RADIO Piciures. — AND-—
Credit Union: Very important reorganization meeting Tuesday, May 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room 56 of the Union. Imperative all -members attend. —BELCHER.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday evening, May 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room 306 of the Union. Important business meeting to follow. —BURROUGHS.
Religious Council: Picnic for all old and new members Wednesday, May, 7. Leave in front of Wesley Foundation at 4:15 p. m. —HAMILTON.
PLUS
MICKEY'S GRAND OPERA
mtNsne.
Starts TODAY
POT IIS HcrE.eryCar^*’®^pr«o/..”]|jj(B
THRILLING SUCCESSOR TO 'THE GREAT ZIEGFELD'! V >WVE A DATE WITH TOO FOLLIES BIRLSi(pjjUtdm £xpoMni
Sunday, May 4, 1941
(Pa^
Ml-
jf
Golds Down Blacks, 26 - 21
An Irishman's Illusions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan That Gimlet sponsored football game up in the stadium yesterday certainly must have been a financial success, because the Gold topped lads even charged local sports editor Gordon Graham to get into the game. I wonder how much the Gimlets had to be put out for publicity on the game. That’s gratitude for ya. Tsh! —I-I— To get away from the petty things in life, we could brood over the way Purdue again had lapses in baseball memory against Indiana yesterday morning. Indiana kept taking advantages of breaks throughout the ball game; and just when Purdue was getting certain with the bat and scoring runs, another Purdue man failed the “don’t loaf” sign. —I-I— John Janisch certainly had the Hoosiers eating out of his hand, but he seemed to work a little too fast, afad his control suffered accordingly. Emmert, as usual, was grand in the relief role. —I-I— The ball game at the stadium presented another group of freshman stars for the coming three seasons —if the draft doesn’t terminate college football. We saw l^arry French get the Gold Watch award for scholarship and improvement on the gridiron. —I-I— Barry French is regarded as the best tackle prospect since the days of George VanBibber back in ’28-’29-’30. To top off his brilliant football performances, Barry is just about the swellest kid you would want on a team. Shy, unassuming, and always willing to listen, French is as popular on the Purdue field as cat-nip to ia kitten. -I-I— Did you notice the speed exhibited hy Bill Buffington yesterday? There’s h fallback that can really hit—if you can get a hold on him. His legs move faster than a but-ter-milk churn. Pinky Warren was head and giioulders the lineman of yesterday’s game. All over his side of the Gold line encouraging and plugging holes, old “Kalamazoo-straight-to-you” fairly talked liis “weaker” mates into the win they received. —I-I-Talked to many old football
Frosh Harris Scores Winning Tally In Final Minutes Of Game.
By JOE DOLAN
(Exponent Sports Editor) Another spring football practice was terminated yesterday on Ross-Ade’s grass when a Black clad Purdue team, supposingly much superior on paper, was defeated by a Purdue team wearing Gold to the count of 26-21, proving that all you read
in print isn’t true.
Physically, both clubs were about
equal, but in the long run of the afternoon, it was the Gold club’s determination to battle until the final gun that won, as^ the Black .outfit was in possession of the lead /until the final three minutes. Black touchdowns_were scored by frosh Meakim, John Petty, Bill Combs. Gold markers were collected by freshman Bob Chester, Rhinie Hajzyk, frosh tackle Lipstreu, and
frosh quarterback Harris. Veteran Black Outfit
The Black team, headed by cocaptains Miller and Melton, and a backfield of Smerke, Galvin, Meakim, and Petty, scored immediately after the opening kickoff, as Francis Meakim took John Galvin’s accurate pass of 18 yards for a touchdown. Galvin added the extra point. John Petty then intercepted a Gold flat pass to race 56 yards to a second score, and again Galvin’s educated toe added a point, making the
count 14-0.
Chester Opens Up The first quarter ended at that score, but Bob Chester, swift transplanted fullback, playing half for the Golds, raced 66 yards on the first play of the second stanza to tally for the Gold outfit. Hajzyk missed the point. Freshman halfback Kenny Smock and Hajzyk then collaborated on a beautiful hesitated pass play to advance the ball 36 yards for the Gold team after Chester and Rocky Snyder had advanced the pill deep into Black territory. With the ball on the Black 2 yard line, Hajzyk plunged over, and again missed the extra point, the half ending 14-12, Black favor Hurling John Galvin Galvin’s passing again opened the scoring for the Black outfit, this time passing to Bill Combs, who made a great catch of the ball to open the second half. Apparently trapped by three Gold defenders. Combs made the catch and then scampered the remaining 26 yards to score. Galvin kicked the point. Score, Black 21, Gold 12.
Volkman Too “Scores”
The fourth quarter got under
way with freshman tackle Volkman crashing through the Black’s front defense to keep his eye right
on the ball and block Andretich’s
attempted punt from the Black ten yard line. Lipstreu, Volkman’s run-
ning mate, followed the blocked ball
over the goal to cpunt another Gold touchdown, making the score 21-19,
but the point was not added.
Brock’s Passes Hit
Bryan'Brock then swung his accurate passing fingers into the fray with what proved to be the winning exhibition of the day. Late in the fourth. Brock made a nice return of 30 yards of Petty’s great punt to put the ball in midfield. He then completed a pass to Cycenas on the Black 40. Brock’s next pass to Joe Eggleston then placed the ball on the Black’s doorstep 15 yard
line.
Coach Elward removed Brock at this poifit, but Cycenas kept the Gold’s air attack going with a quick snap toss to Harris for the winning touchdown. Harris made the extra point, and scoring and play ceased for the afternoon at 26-21. Game Preserves Revive Once Exhausled Wild Life At the turn of the century, sportsmen, hunters and the general public decried the utter waste and disregard that had all but shorn North America of its herds of wild animal life. Soon after, government game preserves answered the charge of public opinion and made every effort to re-stock and eliminate factors which had caused certain species to become almost extinct.
Tennis Team Plays Michigan, Spartans On Road This Week With an untarnished record of five victories and no defeats behind them to bolster their courage, Larry LaBree’s tennis corps will take to the road tomorrow for two of its toughest matches of the year. Stopping fir&t at Ann Arbor, Michigan, the racquet wielders are to face a powerful Wolverine combination. On Tuesday they meet a Spartan team at East Lansing that is said to be one of the strongest in this part of the country. Wolves Undefeated Thus far this year the Ann Arbor netters have proven themselves to be one of the chief contenders for the Western Conference title for the 1941 season. No defeats have as yet been scored against the Michigan lads. In a contest against Chicago’s court masters, who until a year ago held the Big Ten crown for five years’ running, the Michigan boys took complete command and handed the Windy City tennis squad an eight to one defeat. Five men will make the trip to the two Michigan schools, but as yet Coach LaBree is not certain of the order in which he will play his men. Captain Anderson, Lucht, Stettner, Armstrong and Richards are the boys that are to leave for the foreign battle courts. Larry Makes Changes The order given in the above lineup IS the order in which the first matches of the season were played. Yesterday, however, LaBree switched his players around placing Stettner in the lead-off spot and Armstrong in the number two position. This switched Anderson and Lucht to the third and fourth spots in the line-up. Stettner and Armstrong are both sophomores, but they have been playing such consistent tennis that Coach LaBree finds it difficult to decide whether to play these two lads or his veterans Anderson and Lucht in the one and two positions. At present all four of the top players on the Gold and Black
players back for the Gala Week activities, and they all agree that this modern game wouldn’t go so well with them, as it looks too much like work. “All this scientific clinic and black board work,” said one old grad, “makes it sound like a 4 o’clock lab.” x
SCREENS
FOR EVERY NEED
Standard sized frames—and frames built to your order. Covered with finest grade of dependable, long lasting wire screen.
HENRY POOR LUMBER CO.
West Lafayette
Phone 3083
To Look Smart
LOOK CLEAP^
Trust those more delicate summer fabrics to the cleaners who guarantee yon better and more cdreful workmanship at no higher prices.
PROMPT and CAREFUL DELIVERY ALWAYS
CALL 4081 TODAY
Thli Lowest Prices Quality Permits I Northwestern at Vine Phone 4081 —
Riveter Trackmen Finish Third At Ohio State Meet Columbus, Ohio, May 3.—(Special to the Purdue Exponent) —Ohio State’s track team pulled one out of the hat here today and registered a surprise win over Indiana. The Riveter team took third place in the triangular meet, with the score being Ohio State, 75; Indiana, 65 1-3; Purdue, 33 2-3. Hoosier Triupiverate .
The lU trio of sure point getters, namely, Archie Harris, Roy Cochrane and Campbell Kane, were on hand and won their specialties without much difficulty, but their efforts were not enough to take up the slack to overbalance a better rounded Buckeye team.
Ward Golf
. . . and tennis tournament entry blanks aie now posted on the bulletin board by the Intramural checkout window. All interested men are urged to sign up at once, as these tournaments will be run only if at least 16 men sign up for each one. squad are so evenly matched that none of them can consistently turn in better games than his team mates. In Friday’s encounter with Ball State Armstrong was the standout performer having won his match 6-2, 6-2. Stettner also did well in his new position as the number one man winning 7-6, 6-1. Anderson had a bit more trouble, finding it necessary to play 75 games during the afternoon to gather victories in his singles and doubles matches, d.w.m.
Jake Weber took second place to Harris in the shot put. The barrelchested Hoosier negro threw the lion ball 49 feet, three inches for one of the best tries of his career. Mikulas of Indiana extended himself m the high jump and leaped six feet, two and one-quarter inches Eisenhart of OSU ran second to Kane, who-also took the 880, in a 4:16.4 mile for one of the better efforts of the day. Ohio State built up plenty of markers in winning the mile relay. Riveter men did not fare as well as was expected. Dave Rankin placed third in the low hurdles and Burt Anthony took fourth in the 440. Britt and Carter tied for first in the Pole vault with a height of 12 feet, four inches. Captain Ed Holderman did not place in the mile nm, but came in second in the two mile. Jake Weber also took third in the discus throw and Rankin was fourth in the shot pnt. Gaulke took third in the 220 and fourth in the 100, while McEachem and Suto were third and fourth, respectively, in the javelin throw. Kion was fourth in the high hurdles and Dodge was third in the broad jump after leading the field until the final leap.
New Amazingly Chip-proof Nail Makeup
Y U
Incftfdlns BoNi* of fff<lusf«rlLACQUI10LBcM*
The smartest idea ever—your nails made gotgeouB vrfifc the highly lustrous colors of priceless Chinese jEacqulecak Beautiful beyond description—and lasting beyond idl need. Divindy chip-proof—-keeps its astonishing Inttet ’til the last. Seventeen breath-taking shades fiom deliotte "Lotus Blossom” to startling "Dtaj^’s Blood”—an^ vrith each there comes a bottle of base widk. out additional charge. ChbR YR]!^]jec|^t»a”iBnnt^t.4* {^1 -“w" ‘
ssasmai HMM
^ - ^juWtoL
Sunday, May 4, 1941
S^Wtdm, £xponartL
Plaque Honoring Irvin DeHaven Presented At Alumni Luncheon
By Ed Kieper Hanging in the main corridor of the Union across from the main entrance, the bronze plaque given to thb University by the “Secret Six” of Indianapolis in honor of Irvin C DeHaven ME ’06 (deceased), depicts symbolically the American’s creed. The plaque was presented by W. Henry Robeits, vice president of the Purdue Alumni association and member of the “Secret Six” and accepted foi the University by David E. Ross, at the alumni luncheon yesterday noon. Plaque Is Described The plaque was sculptured by E. M Viquesney of Spencer, Indiana “The central figure typifies Americans carrying the flag up an incline to new heights of prestige To the left of the cential figure and supporting the flag are figures which lepresent the peace time forces of American led by Industiy, and followed in Older by Agricultuie, Mining, Education and the Home.” In the background aie various peace time activities “The figures tq the right of the flag symbolize the aimed forces of defense ” The figures from left to light are the Army, the Navy, the Marines, the airfoice and the Red Cross. Nearby stands a Boy and Girl Scout. All of the figures are supported by the outstretched wings of an American eagle. The eagle carries a scroll reading “We follow the flag.” Creed’s History The American’s creed was adopted by Congress in 1917 as the official creed for Americans following a nation-vdde contest. The contest was started by Henry Sterling Chapin of New York. Mayor James H. Preston offered a prize of one thousand dollars on the behalf of the City of Baltimore because Baltimore was the birthplace of the “Star Spangled Banner” William Tyler Page’s entry based on quotations from well-known docu-
Linksmen Encounter Strong Opposition In Approaching Meets With a lecord of one victoiy and three defeats behind them. Coach Harry Allspaw’s golf squad will journey to Bloomington tomorrow to take on the Hoosier linksmen in their third confeience match of the season Thus far in conference play the Riveter golfeis have not had much success, suffering a one-sided defeat at the hands of a ciack IIlini squad a week ago, and losing Friday’s match with the Buckeyes by a one point margin Coach Allspaw has selected George Dahl, Wade Knipp, Bob Hoffer and Charles Curran to make the trip to Bloomington in representation of the Bpilermaker squad. In the hands of these boys lies the opportunity to chalk up for the Gold and Black their first conference win of the season. Tough Schedule Ahead Besides their coming tilt with I. U., the Riveter linksmen will face meets with Michigan, Butler, and Chicago in that order. Also in the offing is the State Meet to be held here on May 24th, the Big Ten Meet, and the National Intercollegiates occurring on June 18 and 23 respectively. Judging by theii previous success, or rather, lack of success, the Riveters may seem to have a pretty weak squad this year, however, Coach Allspaw has some fine clubbers on his team who might well be able to bring about a sudden winning streak, p.b.l. Awards Presented At Egg And Chick Show Paul C. Smyth of Morgantown and Frank Stephens of Star City yesterday divided the honors given at the annual Egg and Chick Show sponsored by the University. Smyth is a senior in the School of Agriculture specializing in poultry and is the son of Sidney Smyth, a member of the Indiana Egg Soard. Stephens is an independent poultry man. The ^how opened on Thursday.
ments was accepted The members of the “Seciet Six” give active support to Riveter teams. Last fall they attended all of the football games except the Foidham game. Members are Verle Campbell, ’17, Dr. W. D. Little, ’14, Walter Krull, ’05, Hugh Fatout, ’ll, Carl Vogelesang, ’20 and W. Heniy Roberts, ’12 Baseball Game (Continued from page 1) neis stianded by popping to Clifton Big Uprising Indiana bounced back with ^ big upiising in the fourth inning and assumed a 4-1 lead, two walks, a tuple, and a single accounting for the damage The Boileimakers kept pecking away and finally managed to fashion a tie in the fifth. A run an inning for the next thiee flames put the Hoosiers back in front by a 7-4 count in the eighth In their half of the inning the Riveteis chased two runs across the plate and had the tying run on first with no outs, but were unable to find the necessaiy power to drive him home. Dunker replaced Hundley on the mound for the visitors during the big eighth and then set the Boilermakers down in order in their final chance. '
INDIANA Kosman, 3rd Shumaker, If Danielson, 2nd Clifton sb Dro cf Francis rf Cooper, 1st Wellman c Hundley, p Totals PURDUE Byelene, cf McFerran, 2nd Blanken 1st Janisch, p Carson, rf Doherty, 3rd Waterhouse, If Myers ss Fisher, c Emmert, p McCaffley Leifheit Totals Indiana Purdue
H PO 1 1
AB R 4 1
010 301 200—7 9 001 120 020—6 8
All Campus Bridge Tournament Enters Final Round Of Play Of the 60 teams who originally entered the All-Campus Bridge Tournament, April 12 only 18 now remain. These teams qualified by playing three elimination rounds. This shows that the teams were very closely matched, for only one elimination is usually necessary. These teams played in the fourth spmi-final round Friday in the West Faculty Lounge. Five teams were above average, considering their previous rounds, while the other 13 were above twice and below once Annual Ward Track Meet Set For May 13 At Stadium All ward men with track aspirations aie urged to get m touch with then ward manager as soon as possible m ord,er that he may submit his entry list for the Ward Tiack Meet. This meet is scheduled to be held in Ross-Ade Stadium on May 13. In order to get in shape by that time, those intending to compete should begin working out at once. Anyone interested may work out at the Stadium with the track squad aftei 4 o’clock every day. Twelve events comprise the piogiam ^nd medals will be awarded members of the winning team and all others making five or more points. A first place will count five points, a second three points, a thud two points, and a fourth one point, e.c.y. The schedule; Time Event 4:10—100 yard dash 4:15—Pole Vault High jump 4:20—Mile run 4 30—220 yard dash 4- 40—120 yard high hurdles 4 50—440 yard dash Broad jump Shot put 5'00—Half mile relay 5- 20—220 yard low hurdles 5 30—Half mile run
Celebrated Alumni Jean Jones Reigns As Maytime At 'College Widow' Queen In Hall Of Music Saturday
By Ned Ochiltree Piesident E. C. Elliott, calling himself “Dr. Witherspoon in person,” last night expressed the sentiments of approximately 6,000 persons attending the second performance of the Varsity Show when he said, “Nothing has given me greatei personal pleasure than the levival of ‘College Widow’.” Elliott, speaking between acts, introduced and paid tribute to A. P. Stewart and H. Kenn Carmichael for their work on the production, after which he presented George Ade Davis, composer of “Back to Old Purdue,” and John T. McCutcheon, who drew the backdrop symbolizing the University. Then, with the audience standing in tribute, George Ade, author of “College Widow,” was introduced. Ade congratulated the cast on their performance and added that “It’s been so long since I wrote it, I’ve forgotten what it’s all about. It’s as new to me as it is to you.” Highlight of the evening, as in Thuisday night’s production, Henry Amt’s portrayal of President Witherspoon. Others to be commended are Marjorie Williamson^ Joe Shepard, Carolyn Wood, Alberta Schmadel, John Mingle, Betty Wedge, Norman Ostroff, and Dick Coleman. Golf Qualifiers . . . for the All Campus Tournament must play 18 holes by Wednesday, May 7, m order to be eligible to compete. Those interested may play with any of the following men- R. L Spiague, D C. Schumacher, G. E. Hamilton, Bob Green, L. V. Hoffman, J. P. Wiske, E Greestein, H Weglinskij J K. Seabright, T E. Graham, H. T. Hamson, R A. Brand, Bruce Dixon, J P Simons, B. Angermiei, R H Deaidoiff, C. B. Lester, C. A. Polk, J S Sells, H. B. Shook, J. V. Proesel, D. H. Daley, D H Kregg, T. D Reiley, E M. Mcllwain, M B. Laddon, R A Kuntz, P. B. Fihe, F. E West, J R Bowen, J Q Muellei, F Parr and Geo Fiey
Lose Something? Find It by Running - a Classified Advertisement in the Purdue Exponent Minimum Charge 2Sc Phone 5038 > Phone 5038
By Martha Jane Fox Saturday night at approximately 7:30 o’clock, May Queen Jean Jones, Kappa Kappa Gamma, will truck down the aisle of the Hall of Music followed by eight other outstanding senior women. Jean Chandler, Georgia Carroll, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Rosemary Fell, Chi Omega; Yvonne Holden, Alpha Chi Omega; Merle Hagemeyer, Kappa Alpha Theta; Peg Terstegge, Kappa Alpha Theta; Vickie Milia, Chi Omega, and Ruth Bennett, Kappa Alpha Theta will form the Queen’s Court to assist her in reigning over the University Sing which will follow the crowning of the Queen by President Elliott. Variety of Flowers The procession will be complete with flower girls and regal music. But the theme carried throughout the entire program will be of Spring and Maytime! Flowers are being used profusely in the decorations, building up the throne and attendants’ seats. Last night Queen Jones and her Court of co-eds were presented at the annual senior-alumni dance in the Union. The senior women taking part in this section of Saturday night’s feature are prominent on the campus and were selected on a basis of their personality, activities and individuality. The nine co-eds were picked by an anonymous committee
and the seniors elected the queen by popular vote. Music by the University Orchestra will begin at 7:16 p. m. preceding the entrance of the entire Court.
Founder’s Banquet (Continlied from page 1) gold watch”to thi#* freshman football player making 4;he most improvement in spring practice goes to Barry French. To receive the award, French must return in the fall and be scholastically eligible. Bobby Hajzyk was named alternate for the award. Three awards for “Distinguished Service” were made; one to Palmer R. Edgerton, retiring Agricultural Alumni trustee, one to Joseph E. Hall who resigned from the University Board of Trusteed to serve as the University’s construction advisor and one to Dr. A. W. Bidding of San Francisco, Calif., for his outstanding work in the interest of the alumni association. Others on the program were Charles Bowman, Gala Week chairman, representing the student body, M. L. Clevett, representing the faculty, Mai Elward, Dean of Agriculture H. J. Reed, A1 Stewart, Burr Swezey and W. H. Roberts who acted as toastmaster.
4 the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
tr Main Stc
Phona 5710
• Hardware
If It's Hardware We Have It Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Phone 4354 We Deliver • Photographers Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing HINEA PHOTOGRAPHER 634 Main St. Phone 7775
Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
School Supplies DEAC'S Everything {or a College Education
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C. "Rod" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
• Locksmith
Keys and Locks Kays for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone aS2S
• Dairy Products M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214