> iTf
V
■ j
Riveters Win Third Straight; Take DePaul 43-36
NATIOHAL Investigation •. ^ _ . . . Exposure . . . suicide. So reads the week’s headline history of Philip Musica, alias “Frank Donald Coster,” head of the McKesson & bobbins, New York drug concern. He committed suicide following Federal investigation of an $18,000,000 discrepancy in the books of his corporation. I Beginning his career of bribery and swindling in 1909, Musica early became known to FBI blotters as a perpetrator of the million dollar “Human Hair” larceny in 1913. Following his last imprisonment, Musica became “Donald Coster,” respected drug firm head. His unmasking this week led to the disclosure of fantastic McKesson & Robbins’ activities, which Federal agents believe included everything from illicit liquor traffic to gunrunning for Loyalist Spain. Radio Comic ... . . . George Burns, straight-faced “lesser half” of the Burns-Allen radio team, early this week faced a possible sentence of 18 years imprisonment and fines totaling $45,000, after pleading guilty to a Federal charge of jewelry smuggling. Assistant U. S. Attorney Delaney asked leniency in recognition of the comedian’s cooperation in a broad investigation of smuggling activities among New York’s Park Avenue society. Meanwhile, Hollywood experienced a wave of apprehension as Federal authorities hinted at the possible indictment of additional notables. A 227-Day Drought . . . r. . in southern California was being broken this Friday by a heavy 'two-day rainfall. “Scarface” . . . . . . A1 Capone will leave Alcatraz the middle of next month after serving seven years of his 10-year sentence for income tax evasion. Before becoming a free man, Capone must serve a year in the Cook county jail, and then “he’ll come out a law-abiding citizen,” say his attorneys. '
WASHINGTON Oval Room ... ... of the White House provided the • scene for the meeting of England’s debonair Anthony Eden and President Roosevelt Tuesday, as they discussed informally topics of mutual interest. Even in the company of his beautiful wife, the former British foreign secretary was literally mobbed l?y feminine admirers during his capitol visit. Outcome of the conference is still unrevealed. Secretary of Commerce ... . . . Roper will be just plain Dan C. Roper this Christmas. Thursday he submitted his resignation from the cabinet post, to be effective December 23. His resignation was snapped up immediately. Roper has long been considered the weakest link in an already weak cabinet. His resignation climaxed & long period of diplomatic “hinting.” Whisperings about the capitol have it that WPA Director Harry L. Hopkins will fill the secretarial boots left by Roper. Roper’s Cabinet Brother . . . . . . Ickes on the same memorable day this week refused candidacy for Chicago’s mayoralty. After six week’s deliberation over combined requests of various Chicago civic and labor groups that he enter the democratic primary, the Secretary of the Interior and PWA administrator declined the offer.
Purdue Exponent
Z-lfig
Vol. 50
No. 83
Lafayette. Indiana
SUNDAY
December 18. 1938
Demons Die Hard In Fast Cage Battle
BUSINESS
“Mill on the Hill”... . . . Carnegie-Illinois newest industrial achievement at Clairton, Pa., was center of attraction last week as a thousand steel leaders witnessed the dedication of the most modern, electrically operated steel mill
in the countrj^,
Crop Control... . . . under government supervision was described last week by Secretary of Agriculture Wallace, as a (Continued on page 2)
Choirs Give Christmas Convo At 4 As evening shadows fall this afternoon, the ever beautiful Christmas carols will ring out from the vibrating strings of an ensemble from the University Orchestra at the 4 o’clock Christmas convocation for worship in '©’f'^a Fowler Hall. Following the instrumental prelude, “Gesu, Bambino” by Pietro A. Yon will be played by George Osborn as an organ solo. The main part of the University choir will then file in, singing the processional hymn, “While Shepherds Watched Their Flocks By Night,” and take their places behind white cloth draped, v-shaped altar on the stage. Tableaux The altar, lined on both sides with tall royal purple colored candles, will be crowned at the apex with a white cross. In front of the altar tableaux will be portrayed from ""time to time during the cantata. The only illumination besides the candles at the altar, will be a few blue spots and floodlights focused on the different groups of singers. The audience will be handed leaflets containing the words of eight of the most popular Christmas carols as they enter the auditorium for their use in singin^g. . After the choir is seated, the audience will join it in singing Christmas carols for 20 minutes. Part of the choir will be divided into a men’s group in the west side balcony, and women’s in the east. The main choir will wear the new black under-robes with true old gold surplices while the men’s and women’s groups wear the maroon and white
robes.
Cantata At 4:30 the choirs will sing the cantata, “The Birth of Christ,” by Alfred Wooler. Singing solo parts will be Mollie Harding, soprano; Arsene Summers, alto; Paul Worcester, Elmer Carlquist, Marvin Smith, and Harold Schulte, tenors; and Wallace Woodrow and Chai’les Powell, baritones. George Osborn, organist, will play the accompani-
ment.
At the conclusion of the cantata, “Silent Night” will be played as a recessional. Landings, Bombing In Flying Meet Today Final events in the flying meet started last Sunday will be held this morning at nine a. m. at the University airport. Still to be run off are the bomb dropping event and some spot landings. Plying club members last night stated that there is still a chance to enter the contest today and that onjy very bad flying conditions will cause postponement of the contest
again.
The first three prizes will consist of engraved identification wristlets, two of which are now on display at the main desk of the Union. Present standings place Fred Disosway, from Illinois, first; Hugh Hammond, second; Patricia Dickerson, third; and Robert Brody, 16 year old Lafayette boy, fourth. Over 16 are entered in the contest. Vacation Sunday yet. . . Monday yet... Tuesday yet... ... THEN WEDNESDAY
WOR Seeks Student For College Review Wanted: One active Purdue student, well acquainted with the campus, traditions, and activities, by station WOR, Newark N, J., for their “Collegiate Review” program Saturday-, December 24. Such is the gist of a letter received recently by Paul Worcester from Tippie Tayloi^ the commentator on the program. Originating in the Newark station of the Mutual network, the program will consist of interviews with a number of university students from as many schools. Qualifications for the program, as outlined above, are that the student must be acquainted with the traditions, and activities of the campus, and preferably live in the vicinity of Newark, Anyone who would like to represent the University on the program should leave his name, phone number, and list of qualifications in the Exponent box on the west Union desk before 4 o’clock Monday afternoon, The person selected must be at the Bamberger Building, in Newark at 11 a. m., Saturday morning, December 24. Cosmopolitan Clubs To Open Conference Here This Morning First regional convention of midwestern Cosmopolitan Clubs will open on the campus today. Approximately 60 students from midwestern schools are expected to attend. Registration will begin at 9 o’clock in the Union lobby. At 2 this afternoon Dean of Men M. L. Fisher will welcome the visiting delegates at an informal gathering in the reception room. Following Dean Fisher’s talk Miss Margaret Pease of the Chicago International House will address the group on the activities of the House. After her talk an open forum will be held. To Attend Convocation At 4:30 the group will adjourn to Fowler Hall where they will attend the Religious Convocation. A special Christmas cantata entitled “The Birth of Christ” will be presented by two choirs of 90 voices each accompanied by two string ensembles and a brass quartet. Dr. H. L. Creek of the University of Illinois will be the main speaker at the banquet held in the faculty lounge at 6:30 this evening. Head of the English department and advisor to foreign students. Dr. Creek will discuss “Cosmopolitan and International Affairs.” Acting President F. C, Hockema will address the group in behalf of the University. Chinese Presentation Following the banquet a special program will be presented by the Chinese Students’ Club in the reception room. All of today’s programs are open to the public and a cordial invitation is extended to all those who desire to attend by Professor H. M. Baldwin, advisor of the local chapter, Tomoirow morning will be given over to tours of the campus for the benefit of the visiting students. In the afternoon chapter activities and problems will be discussed by representatives from the various other schools. In the evening a social program will be held in the faculty lounge.
All Co-eds ... . . . are invited to attend YWCA’s annual Christmas service tomorrow at 4 o’clock’in the women’s lounge of the^Union Building, according to
those in charge.
The program, arranged by Thelma Bugher, Martha Baker, and Ruth Wattleworth, features the telling of a Christmas story by Jean Shake,
and group singing.
Students To Sing Carols After Game Immediately following the basketball game tomorrow evening, students will gather on the Union lawn to blend their voices in the annual all-cam-pus Christmas sing. The scheduled time is nine o’clock. “Faculty members and students alike show a great deal of enthusiasm for the project, and think it should be continued every year,” was the comment of Mary McClelland, Union vice-president in charge of preparations. W'ords Projected Singing will be led by the University Glee Club and the Concert Choir, directed by A. P. Stewart, director of musical organizations. Words of the songs will be projected on a screen suspended from the balcony of the Union faculty lounge for the benefit of those who are not familiar with all the carols. Public address system will be installed for announcements and special songs. Student Union officials fell in with the Yuletide spirit and announced that free doughnuts and coffee would be sei’ved to all carolers in the cafeteria immediately after the sing. Leaflets Available Some of the more familiar Christmas ballads have been printed in leaflet form for the benefit of organizations desiring them. These are obtainable in the music office of Eliza Fowler Hall. A1 Stewart’s organizations will furnish the guiding voice from the balcony of the faculty lounge of the Union Building. The screen on which the songs will be projected will hang from the balcony just below these singers, and the crowd will form directly below the balcony. Year befon^ last 800 people turned out for the sing, while last year 1,200 carolers under the direction of A1 Stewart met in Eliza Fowler
Hall.
'First Independent Convention Proves Success'-Maloney “This convention was very successful,” said Susan Maloney, of the University of Kansas, referring to the Mid-western Independents’ Convention which closed here yesterday noon. “It is a good idea to have these smaller conventions before a national ope becaus^N^hey bring up good points for discussion, and help in planning programs,” she continued. Miss Maloney is president of the University of Kansas Independent Association, and will be in charge of the second national convention when it is held there in the spring. She traveled 700 miles to attend the meeting hei’e. Housing Discussions Following a breakfast yesterday in the reception room of the Union, delegates attended discussion sessions lasting until noon. Bob Heine, who headed a survey of housing conditions here last spring, spoke on “A Better Housing Campaign.” There was also discussion of the adoption of a National Independent pin which would contaiij a common background for all schools. Each school'would then have its own insignia superimposed upon this background. Plans are only tentative, however, and no action will be taken before tl)ie National Convention.
Anderson Paces Winners With 7 Baskets;
/
Losers Lead At Half But Fade Late In Game By Rolfe Jenkins Rampaging Blue Demons from DePaul University gave the Boilermakers their toughest assignment of the basketball season to date but faded toward the close of a highly spirited contest last night and succumbed to a 43-36 defeat at the hands of a Gold and Black quintet which was playing the best ball it has exhibited this year. It was the third straight home game of the season for Purdue, and the third straight victory. Captain Gene Anderson was the main cog in the Boilermaker offensive, making seven baskets to take high scoring honors for the night. Igney and Fisher each made four baskets, while Dickinson and Beretta displayed outstanding defensive ability which kept the Blue Demons on the short end of the score for the majority of the game. ' '
Even Scoring
Scoring was well divided among the 11 DePaul men who saw action with Mundt, substitute guard, leading the team with six points. Szukala, Sachs, and Neu kept the Boilermakers on the alert thoughout the contest, while Gainer, lanky center, and the Skrodsky brothers proved constant menaces. The game started slowely, with neither team scoring until Dickinson dropped in two free throws after four minutes of play. Beretta and Dickinson followed in quick succession with baskets which put the Boilei-makers in the lead 6-0, However, before Purdue could score another point, the Blue Demons had recovered and pulled ahead 7-6.
Whoa Now!
For the remainder of the first half the lead shifted back and forth with neither team more than two points ahead at any time, the period ending with a pivot shot by center Gainer of DePaul which put the visitors in the lead 17-16. Immediately after the second half started Bob Igney, sophomore forward, tossed in a short shot to put the Boilermakers in front 18-17. Twice in the next four minutes the Demons tied the score, but for the remaining 15 minutes of the game the Gold and Black held an advantage which varied from four to eight
points.
Some Boy! It was in this period that Anderson flipped in five of his seven baskets, two on short shots from out on the front of the net, two from underneath, and one long looper. Then with three and a half minutes to go, Anderson committed his fourth personal foul of the evening and retired from the game in favor of Red
Swartz.
DePaul drew up to within four points of the Boilermakers but three free throws by Swarts and a basket by Igney more than matched the last two field goals by Mundt of DePaul and the Boilermakers led 4336 at the end of the game. Spectators were the peppiest they have been, following the cheer leaders in resounding fashion throughout the contest, reaching greater and greater heights of enthusiasm as the game progressed.
Purdue (43)
B.
F.
P.
Igney, f
.... 4
0
1
Fisher, f
.... 4
0
1
Anderson, c
.... 7
0
4
Swartz, c
0
3
0
Dickinson, g ...
... 1
2
1
Beretta, g j..
... 2
2
2
Totals
. 18
7
9
DePaul (36)
B.
F.
P.
Neu, f
... 1
2
0
Norris, f
.. 2
0
1
J. Skrodzki, f . .
....1
0
1
Tollstan, f
0
1
1
Gainer, c
.... 2
0
2
Naughton, c
. .. 0
0
0
Muscata, g
1
0
1
Sachs, g
2
0
1
T. Skrodzki, g
1
3
0
Szukala, g
2
0
1
Mundt, g
.... 2
2
1
Totals
.. 14
8
9
Weather
Forecast for Indiana:
Fair
and
warmer today. Fair and colder tomorrow in northwest portion.
Boilermakers Seek Fourth Straight Win In Game Tomorrow In quest of their fourth consecutive win of the^ season, the Boilermakers will continue a rapid fire schedule tomorrow night in a game against the Connecticut State quintet, that met Indiana at Bloomington
last night.
Lambert may start the same lineup which has taken the Boilermakers through the last two games in satisfactory fashion with Igney and Fisher forwards, Anderson center, and Beretta and Dickinson guards, but chances are that several others will see action as Piggy continues his effort to find capable reserves. Coach Played Here Don White, coach of the visitors who are making a tour of the Middle West, is a former Boilermaker great, having led the Big Ten scorers while captain of the championship team of 1921, and, played regular guard for three years. White is bringing his Coimecticut^ State squad to the University for the first time, but it is not the first time that White-coached teams have appeared on the campus. The Washington University of St. Louis team gave the Boilermakers many anxious moments In their engagements while Don White was coaching at the Missouri school from 1923
to 1935.
Connecticut State’s squ^d of 10 men, along with Coach White and Manager Temkin, arrived in Bloomington from Storrs, Conn., yesterday for the game against the Hoosiers. The eastern school has played three games to date, winning the opener over Arnold College 51-39, losing to Brown 51-31, and dropping last night’s game to the Hoo-
siers.
Herb Peterson, forward, is one of the main hopes of the visitors. He scored 20 points in the game against Arnold. Cy Bloom, senior floor guard, is..also rated high, while Captain Frank Kosikowsky is considered an outstanding guard.
Law Requires Licenses For Non-State Cars
Out-of-state students aitd faculty members must purchase Indiana driver’s licenses and registration plates by January 1, 1939, according to an announcement made by Don F. Stiver, superintendent of thf
Indiana State PoUce.
Sections 39 and 77 of the Indiana Vehicle Code say in part: “A nonresident who has been duly Ucensed in his home state may operate a motor vehicle upon the highways of this state for a period of not mmre than 60 days in any one year.” Under this code a non-resident is defined as a person residing in another state and tempora«£^ residing «r solonrning ip Indiapa for a period of 60 days w less in aaqr «a» yemwPPWWiiffltW^ v'^'’ *' ^t%V* ’•-' A’ ) ■> 4/ '■'
'*' '' ^ I ^ j ' ■, 'i-x'j *' •' '' * ‘, /'’ i "v'’ ' ■'" ij' ^ ' '' '" “",!*t,
£dibfuaL
THE PUBDOE EXPONENT
J'SedufULdL.
Sunday, December 18, 1938
fj. Kf\ ‘
{Continued from page 1)
“more or less” pemianent necessity. Decrease in population growth, efforts of foreign countries to attain agricultural self-sufficiency and technological advances have made this necessary, he maintains. Monopoly Quiz . . . . . . witnesses appearing before the Federal monopoly committee, are too suspicious and afraid of persecution, stated a report to committee headquarters in Washington last week. Thus reluctant witnesses are making difficult any progress by the committee. Discussion trends seem to indicate that the committee will ultimately recommend that corporations be given only limited rights in the use of patents. Every Person... ... in the United States now carries the burden of the national debt to the extent of $303. At present, interest on the national debt is over a billion a year, or more than the combined yearly cost of the army and navy.
LUMA TODAY - MONDAY
PARAMOUNT’S LUSTY ROMANCE OF UNTAMED ALASKA!
A MOVIE oriz PICTURE
for the next pfiyment/ due February 16, stocks and securities with real estate will be accepted.
FOREIGN Pan-American . . . . . . Conference delegates of 21 western hemisphere republics, meeting this week at Lima, Peru, listened to proposals for keeping peace. Among plans considered were the formulation of a League of American Nations; attempting mediation in the Spanish civil war; and presenting ^ united American defense front against any foreign political or military invasion. Projects will be allotted to committees for study and revision before being put up before the conference for final approval. Germany’s Treasury ... . .^Tws swelled Thursday by payment of the first of four levies of the $400,000,000 fine imposed upon German Jews as punishment for Embassy Secretary Ernst von Rath’s assassination. Payment was made almost completely in cash, though
WAR Christmas Presents . . . \ ... in the unusual form of war prisoners may be exchanged this yuletide by Spanish civil war loyalists and rebels. Franco’s War Veteran committee in Spain is calling for an eight-day truce from Christmas Eve to New Year’s, requesting loyalist Premier Juan Negrin and insurgent Generalissimo Francisco Franco’s men to act as Santa Clauses. The plan calls for both sides to withdraw all but skeleton forces from the trenches, sending weary soldiers home for the holidays. Both loyalist and fascist Spain are to unlock food stores and distribute goods for the undernourished civilian population. Guerilla Forces... ... of China’s famed eighth army killed 6,000 Japanese Monday, giving a major setback to Japan’s long heralded “mopping-up” campaign in Shansi province. Chinese officers reported the capture of Sitang, 20 miles southeast of Yochow. This straightens Chinese lines through the mountains at Tungting Lake to Hupeh province’s southern tip, 100 miles southwest of Hankow. China has reported steady progress on her 'central front ever since her counter-offensive to drive the Japs from Hunan province started several weeks ago. Fifteen Americans . . . . . . among 38 foreigner's sailed at dawn Sunday aboard the Japanese transport down the Yangtze. They left Kulung, the mountain top resort where they had been marooned since summer, for Shanghai. More than 100 foreigners, including 19 Americans, remain at the resort.
SPORTS Baseball Bargain... . . . counters re-opened for business in New York City Monday when the American and National League mo-i guls turned attention to sales talk, trades and cash transactions. In exchange for two rookies and $20,000, New York Giant officials obtained first baseman Zeke Bonura from the Washington Senators. Simultaneously, a senior circuit Bos-ton-Brooklyn straight deal sent Bud dy Hassett and Jim Outlaw to the Bees for Ii'a Hutchinson and Gene Moore. Earl Averill and Denny Galehouse
ARC
TODAY-TOMORROW
CHARLES WINNINGER
Comedy Sensation
also
and hti Betty Loa
“March of Time”
THi YEAR’S llA
GRANDEST lOVE SONG IS NOW THE YEAR’S GRANDEST ROMANCEI Out of the glorious lyrics of "Thanks for the Memory" comes the swellest story of young folks in love ever to hit the screen I
I Af£AfO/^r\
Bob Hope'Shirley Ross-Mes Btitterwoith*Otto Knipr Starts TODAY
of Cleveland, went to Detroit in return for Pete Fox, fly-chuser,‘ and Eldon Auker, hurler. Detroit’s Tigers and Boston’s Red Sox agreed on a five-player deal which shifted Pinky Higgins and Archie McKain from the Boston organization to the Michigan city in exchange for Ben Chapman, Jake Wade and Chester Morgan. No cash was involved. A Uniform Ball... . . . for 1939 with the National League’s raised and increased stitching and the thinner cover of the American League’s livelier missile was agreed upon. Both groups decided experiment with a yellow ball in several games next summer. Night Baseball. . . . . . became a reality in the junior league as a resolution was passed granting permission to Cleveland and Philadelphia for arc-light business next season. A Glittering Cluster... ... of national athletic stars and teams was perused last week by press chains and sport authorities to determine the most glittering of them all. New York Yankees, world’s champion baseball squad was named the number one team of 1938. Texas Christian was chosen college football champion of the current season. Red-thatched California tennis player, Donald Budge, topped the nation’s list as tne foremost athlete.
Classihed Mds
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershofl, 606 Main street.
JOB: Firing furnace during vacation at 616 University. Call Delmer 2436.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—^Brown half-belt overcoat with middle button missing. Left in room 312, Purdue Hall, Wed., December 14. Reward. Call 36681. Buell.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—1937 V-8 coach. Good condition. $386. 806 N. 18th. Call after 6. Phone 66943 Chapman.
Here’s a topper—^we hear that WILLIAM BREUER has put his pin on none other than little CAROLYN SHAW of the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority. It serves them both right. We understand that a week from today is Cjhidstmas. Now there are a lot of things that would be nice to give some people for a present, such as the razzberries for FRED WINTER, or a new line for JEAN JONES. With that as an idea we might work on it a little and see what can be done about it. BOB VIEHE—help him decide what school he wants to be in. BOB RUTH—Get him a girl, a friend will do. MARTHA HALTOM—give her another fraternity pin. MARY JANE DIETRICH—give her a block of stock in the card room. FRED McNAUGHTON—a degree or a pension. BETAS—A bromo. MARY JANE WEST—a brain, or a reasonable facsimile thereof.
Have you seen these caps that the football team is wearing around the campus these days. We heard that someone donated them to the boys, we don’t doubt it, they probably couldn’t get rid of them any other way. At any rate they’re diSTINCtive. WAA Awards Ratings For Co-ed Leadership The following girls received their “A” leadership rating for WAA cabin, Doris Peterson, Kathryn Merritt, Marjorie Ward, Patsy McFarland, Mona Balcora, Ruth Swift, and Martha Schroder. The follow-
STARTS TODAY
igm¥£n
GRIN AND BEAR IT
“I can’t break'^is 50, Buddy—^would you care to take the change out in speeding ?”
ing girls received “B” ratings: Eleanor Harrison, Betty Spears, and Jane Stickler. These girls will be allowed to have charge of groups wishing to use the cabin. Their duties are to get the key, see that the cabin is cared for, and to return the key. A written test will be given tomorrow for those wishing to pass
the campcraft course given by Miss Ray Fraser. A practical test will be ^ given later. An outing club will be organized for all persons interested at the be- ^ ginning of the second semester. The club will go on various trips on the gypsy trail, and nature hikes. The ( date for the first meeting will be ^ announced later.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. ' EAST SIDE OF SttVARE FINE lEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
‘NO JAIL CAN HOLD MY BOY!" Boasted the Mng of the underworldl
A NEW FIRST RUN HIT!
Ybe AU-Americait Boy St8r...ln Tile Picture All America Will Take To Ite Heart!...
But his son didn’t need help to smash his way out oE this jam! Screen drama so real you’ll live every thrill!
COOPER '^AiNi^sirEri
ROBERT WARWICK • LUCY GILMAN * LOUISE LORIMER NOW SHOWING
also IWick Stuart and Orch. in Twenty Girls and a Band
A Christmas Gift from DEAC'S with the Purdue Crest Adds Much Joy to the Festivities of the Season H. G. REISNER BOOK STORE1
CapUdn
Frosh Grapplers Defeat Varsity In Fieldhouse, 5-3
Squash Team Triumphs Over Indianapolis^ 9-2
Battling across a ring in the main Fieldhouse gym yesterday afternootf, freshman wrestlers avenged all past defeats at the hands of the varsity by trouncing them to a tune of five matches to three. Out-wrest-ling the varsity in most of the main matches the freshmen garnered a team total of 92 points in comparison to the varsity’s final score of 82 points.
\ ^ \
Captain Frank Kosikowsky, who has.been playing guard for the Connecticut State basketball team for three years, and who is particularly adept at retrieving rebounds and starting the fast break. He is also a member of the football squad, and is an honor student.
Opening the hostilities in the 128 pound class were Roche of the frosh and Burkheiser of the varsity. After a strong batlte, Burkheiser was defeated on points, 12-4. Overwhelming Jensen of the frosh. Post, varsity grappler, took second match by a point score of 12-0; both were 165 pounder.
Fredericks and Allman put up a brisk battle and scored the largest number of points for the day as Fredericks, 121 pounder, threw Allman who had scored 14 points.
Malmquist and Ruggieri^of the' freshment defeated Papurca and Brown, varsity wrestlers in the 145 and 175 pound divisions. 'Willey, veteran Riveter defeated aspiring Camperman of the frosh, while Safford was defeated by Fritz.
J/uf. Jhidu
This Christmas, give books—the gifts tht are always appropriate and appreciated. You will find here a book for everyone on your gift list.
& & &
All This and Heaven Too—^Rachael Field With Malice Toward Some—^Margaret Halsey Rebecca—Daphne du Maurier Listen, The Wind—Ann Morrow Lindbergh Bricks Without Straw—Charles G. Norris
Leonardo da 'Vinci—Antonina Vallentin Benjamin Franklin—Care Von Doren My America—Louis Adamic ' Alone—^Richard Byrd Philosopher's Holiday—^Irwin Edmon Tarnished Warriors—^Major James Jacob The Great American Novel—Clyde Brion Davis
Four Books of the Opera—Carmen, Aida, Lohengrin, Hansel and Gretel Little Folks' Mother Goose Peter Patter Book Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs Heidi Grows Up Children of All Lands Honey Bunch Series Patty at Home Series Bobbsey Twin Series Tom Sawyer Efidnaped CaU of the Wild Bombi Robinson Crusoe
$1.00
Is That in the Bible? Charm vs. Personality Best Known Works of Voltaire Best Known Works of Oscar Vilde Best Known Works of Edgar Alle^ Poe Practical Amateur Photography Crusaders of Chemistry Hoyle's Games
UP UP UP UP UP UP UP UP UP UP UP UP UP UP UP
Tielder’s... ...choice
SOUTHWORTH
UP UP UP UP UP UP
UP UP UP UP
COLLEGE BOOK STORE WEST LAFAYETTE
UP UP UP UP UP, UP UP
In a Hurry, Santa?'
'Shore Am!
gotta get them girls and boys
their party foods."
"You mustn't forget how much cream and milk they will need for all their Christmas parties. After all, America's biggest party successes center about dairy products for refreshments. Naturally they want the best refreshments for the best holiday, so I'm helping Sunshine Forms during the rush. Their pure pasteurized dairy products should be a regular port of your celebration this year."
SUNSHINE FARMS
807 North 4th
Phone 5015
one eoaeh who worked np through the ranks, as he once was water boy fat the Homed Toads when in school ... he likes his material to be husky, hungry country boys— previous football experience being a minor item.
By S. Lutzky Purdue faculty and team squash players banded together yesterday to defeat a visiting Indianapolis Athletic Club aggregation, nine matches to two. At 2 o’clock at the Fieldhouse courts, a large group of squash fans saw several brilliant contests in which the victor had to come from behind to win. Eberhard Of PurduC and McyCrS
Frosh Track . ..
. . . men will meet in room 107 of the Fieldhouse tomorrow afternoon at 5:00 o’clock, according to Freshman Track Coach Wilkening, All interested are asked to attend.
of lAC contested in the most spectacular match. Their final score was 8-2, but Eberhard had to fight hard in the third and fourth set when both men tied each other and drew the scores to 17-16 and 17-15, Closely equalling this match was the dual between Captain Sokolowski of the Boilermakers and Hy Langsenkamp of the visitors. Tied two. to two in the fourth round, both men turned on the heat and pounded the ball past each other regularly and the score mounted to 13-13 with neither man yielding an inch to his opponent. Then Sokolowski finished thd game by two clever strokes winning 16-13. Final score was three matches to two. L, W. LaBree and M. L. Clevett acquitted themselves nobly by defeating Wood and Katzenberger of the lAC. LaBree beat Wood by a score of 3-1 while Clevett defeated Katzenberger by 3-2 in a close contest. Phillips was defeated by Howkins of Indianapolis by a score of 3-0. Team members were very strong in their play yesterday. Juve defeated Wright of lAC by a score of 3-0. Knoll of the Riveters defeated Newton 3-1. Patrick, Blitz, and Blessing of Purdue defeated Geller, Langsenkamp and Hendrin by the identical scores of 3-2. Roberts of the Indianapolis club defeated Munro, Boilermaker squash man, for the Purdue team’s only defeat of the afternoon.
DONT FORGET We have just the type of
Christmas Decorations You Need
We Carry Dance Wax
Edgerton Hardware 321 State Street
Don White, Connecticut State basketball coach, who will bring his team here tomorrow night for the first game between the Boilermakers and the eastern school, and who was himself a Boilermaker basket star in the early twenties.
Direct Through Service Lafayette to New York City SPECIAL TRAIN Coaches of the Break-down Type—^Meaning a Good Night’s Sleep—Dining Car Wednesday, December 21st Lafayette.'. 4:15 P.M., C.T., Dec. 21 Arr. Indianapolis 5:15 P.M., C.T., Dec. 21 Arr. Cleveland 11:30 P.M., E.T., Dec 21 Arr. Buf^lo 2:55 A.M., E.T., Dec. 22 Arr. Albany 8:40 A.H., E.T., Dec. 22 Arr. New York 11:45 A.M., E.T., Dec. 22 Students for Boston and other New England points change at Albany. Tickets for the above points must be arranged for and purchased at 4 STUDENT SENATE OFFICE, ROOM "A,” UNION BUILDING, \ between the hours of 4:00 P. M. and 6:00 P. M. Daily; Saturday, 1:00 I P. M. to 5:00 P. M. / For reduced fares and service to other points, call Big Four Station, ' Phone 6303. New York Central System
By Bruce Witwer Diverging a bit from basketball . . . while we are home during vacation our attention will shift for a while from the world of basketball back to football again .. . bowl games occupying the center of the stage . . . here’s some information on the coaches of some of the bowl teams. —fc— First we have Duke in the Rose Bowl with Wallace Wade at' the helm . . . since he took over the coaching job in 1931 his teams have won about 59 games, lost 14, and tied 3 . . . before taking over phe Blue Devils, he gained fame at Alabama . . . while there, he won two Rose Bowl games and tied another so this is no new exerience for him ... he sometimes drills his teams on a play for a month before they try it out. —^fc— Next we have Leo Meyer of Texas Christian who tackles Carnegie Tech in the Cotton Bowl ... he is
/A
I
CL QhnhJmadL.
SijjmboL .
• •
The Christmas Candles are traditional of the holiday, season and a typical symbol of the season’s spirit. In harmony with this spirit are the friendly good wishes you receive. May we add our hopes to yours for a memorable holiday which will continue into a happy New Year.
JhsL fijuAdm.
TIClmufdoL lAnimL
The Corner of the Cantpus--^ Yet the Center of AcHvitieeTHE PUBOOE EXPONENT
TloikoA,
Sunday, December 18, 1938
Acacia Fraternity... . . . announces the initiation of the following men: C. D. Kuhn, Shelbyville; G. E. Metzer, South Bend; C. L. Hansing, Elkhart; R. G. Beavers, Decatur; A. B. Huston, Wadsworth, O.; J. M. Maish, Frankfort; and H. D. Mangus, West Lafayette.
1, are requested to make application, if possible, before leaving for the holidays, on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s office 'Those with previous experience at registration or in other clerical work will be given preference. —STONE.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Caroling party will meet at 117 N. Main St, West Lafayette, and leave from there at 8:80 p. m , Tuesday, December 20. All members and friends are invited. —FINK.
All Students Living on Rural Routes and in Lafayette: Please call for your activities charts any afternoon, except Saturday or Sunday, betwpen 2-5:80 p. m. Bring your passports or schedule card. All charts must be called for before Wednesday, December 21. —SMITH.
Aeronautical and Automotive Engineers: Meeting Monday, December 19, at 4 p. m. in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building Attendance is optional. —POTTER
Modem Dance Groups: Practice of both advance and beginning groups every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday until Wednesday, December 21, in the Women's Gym at 4 p. m. —NEWMAN.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, December 20, in room C of the Union at 7:80 p. m. —MACK.
Purdue Engineer: The following men please report to Hart in the Engineer office Monday, December 19, at 4 p m . Mossberg, Day, Harper, Kimmel, Ely. Leckie, and Packman —SQUIRES
M. E. 30 Thermodynamics: Makeup period for students absent from testa numbered 4, 6, and 6 will be Monday, December 19, at 4 p m. in room 207, M E. building —MUNRO.
Mortar Board: Christmas party Tuesday, December 20, instead of Thursday as announced. For time of dinner see Georganna Huber. —WOOD.
Student Senate: Meeting of those attending convention, Tuesday. December 20, at 4 p m m the Student Senate office —SCHUMACHER,
Marionette Club Workers: Anyone interested in working in the Marionette Club see me Tuesday, December 20, in the Union workshop. —GRIER.
Alpha Phi Omega: 'transportation is being arranged for a group going to Terre Haute Sunday, December 18, to install a new chapter there. Any members interested please call me as soon as possible at 5779. —WADLEIGH.
Jewish Students: There will be a Chanukah party for all Jewish students Sunday December 18, at the J P D Hall Admission free —KAHN Tan Beta Pi: Formal initiation 4 30 pm Tuesday, December 20, in the faculty lounge of the Union —SMITH
Lambda Kappa: The Christmas party will be held in St. James Lutheran School on Sunday, December 18, beginning at 7 30 p m All students desiring to attend are reminded to bring a small ten-cent gift. —OTT
Scrivener: Mo meeting Sunday, December 18 Meetings will be on Thursdays after the holiday —JUSTIN
Episcopal Students: Corporate Communion will be held Sunday morning, December 18, followed by a breakfast in Parish House. —THORTON.
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the second semester registration, January 31-February
Give a PURDUE BLANKET For Christmas #'| Large Size 60"x80" W ■ -5® J. C. FEMBIEY CO.
mencan
<=J.aiA,n<li
7
•*><!« os
iPlione
Save Mother*s Time during the all-too-short vacation. YOU do not want it taken up with washing and ironifig for you—even if she does love to do it. Send us your things NOW—so they tvill be ready when you want them! West Side Office—132 Vine Street ^
WITH
PLAN^D-IN^^VA^^
LOOK
For those of you with last-minute shopping worries, do not feel that all is lost— bring your shopping problems to LOEB’S. The heads of our various gift departments will have valuable suggestions for you. Gift items from sources of national reputation ... so that whea you buy you are certain of merchandise of quality. All gifts are wrapped in attractive Christmas boxes and will be wrapped for mailing if you so desire. For Her: Cosmetic sets by Yardley, Lentheric, Francis Denny, Rubenstein, D’Orsay, Houbigant, Coty, etc. Perfumes, Manicure Sets, Scarfs, Handbags, Jewelry, and delightfully styled Lingerie, Robes, and Negligees. For Him: Ties, Robes, Toilet Necessities, House Slippers, Guns, Hunting, Fishing and Golfing Outfits.
LOEBSHCNE COMPANY
MAIN FLOOR
Special Student Buses LEAVE LAFAYETTE DECEMBER 21ST AT 5 P. M. for New York . $17.50 Round Trip South Bend 4.35 Round Trip Fort Wayne 4.30 Round Trip . PHONE 2105—2151 FOR RESERVATIONS
To Your (Sweet) Heart’s Content Elgin, Hamilton and Waltham Watches RICHARD J. BATH, Jeweler 605 MAIN ST. PHONE 6377
drc ^xctdlenL . . HOME-MADE CANDY r / We wrap packages for gifts and for mailing CLATZ 536 Main Street
CHRISTMAS GIFT SUGGESTIONS from SOUTHWORTH’S
Whether for a co-ed or for an ed, you will find an appropriate gift in our fine selection. Come in today!
M
ft J
For the ed . Esquire Leather Cases Buxton Billfolds Remington Rand Shavers Purdue Pillows and Pennants Cigarette Cases Pipes Brush Sets
Don't forget the folks back home, either. They will appreciate your thoughtfulness if you make your gift selection from the items below.
For the co-ed Vanities Perfume Purdue Jewelry Handkerchiefs * Dresser Sets Purses Sweaters Kayser Hosieiry Books Miniature Animals
Chase Chrome Handwrought Aluminum Trays Bowls
Heisey Glassware Pottery Toasters Waffle Irons Hostess Trays
SOUTHWORTHS COLLEGE BOOK STORE
WEST LAFAYETTE
ly-