m t
^DIT CONDEMNS Method Of Teaching Generlal Physics 2], 22
Established I $89
WESTLING TEAM
Loses First Match
To Indiana, 21-9
Volume 55m No. 76
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, January 24, 1943
Boilermakers Drop Hardwood Fray To Buckeyes Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo To Appear ^'°ppy . .. . iiii^ r*i i.i*is Hand In Ohio State’s Slim Victory At Music Hall Convo rriday Night over Riveters By 34-32 score
Playshop To Benefit USO With The Eve Of St Marie'
Scene
World-Famed Dance Group To Present Russian Art.
By Dan Forsythe
Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo, the world’s foremost ballet company, which, in 1933, was introduced -in America, completes a successful decade this season, bringing the finest in
the art of dance, under the directorshif) of the reigning figure presented in Fowler Hall Friday and Saturday evenings, February 5 and 6. This action-
in the world of ballet, Leonide Massine, to the Music Hall next
Friday evening.
Admission will be by student passport, season ticket or by single admission ticket. The
price for single admission tickets will be $1.10, tax included, and there will be no reserved seats. It has been announced that service men in uniform will be admitted free. The door.s of the Music Hall will open at 6:45 p. m. and the curtain will rise at 7:.'i0
p. m.
Traditional Art
Founded on a traditional and complex art, carrying- on the best of the dancing, musical and graphic culture of gussia, and with the savor and spice of other European capitals to which has been added the (See BALLET, page 4) iVMC Plans Training For War Workers College training for prospective civilian war workers is being discussed by the War Manpower Commission. Present plans envision federal subsidies for education for both young men and women for important civilian war jobs. However, a new plan was submitted to the Commission by educators. The lat-
Navy Opens
Air Force Training Seventeen Year
' Olds Now Eligible A new program concerning seven-teen-yeai-olds who may apply for Navy pilot training- has been announced by tlie Naval Aviation Cadet Selection Board in Chicago. Preparations are being made to handle this group which was not eligible for enlistment in the Navy Air Force under the previously lequii-ed min-
imum age of 18 years.
Those who are eligible will be required to receive a recommendation from their high school principal or college dean in order to take the Naval Aviation Cadet examinations. On passing those examinations they will be sworn in immediately but
tor plan represents a minority view will not be called into training bc-
By Joe Dawson, Exponent Sports Editor
You could say that they played sloppily... then on the other hand you could say that they ivere just plain unlucky. Regardless of what anyone wants to call it, the Boilermakers, decidedly off their regular form, went down to defeat last night at the hands of an erratic, purely second-rate Ohio State ball team by a score of 34-32. One explanation for the defeat may be in the fact that the Boilermakers cashed in on only 12 of 92 shots
Cast has been selected for “The Eve of St. Mark”, Playshop’s next production which will be from the field while the Buckeyes were scoring 15 of 79.
Captain A1 Menke, who scored the first Riveter basket of the gamie, was high for the Lambertment with nine points. Captain Ffeddie Miller of Ohio State took scoring honors for the game with five field goals. Rudy Lawson, whose outstanding work under both baskets was one of the few highlights of
the game, dropped in eight points.
Lambertmen with nine points. Captain Freddie Miller of Ohio State took scoring honors for the game with five field goals. Rudy Lawson, whose outstanding work under both baskets was one of the few highlights of the game, dropped in eight
points.
For the first few minutes of the contest, any spectator might have thought he was watching a game between two mediocre I high school teams. After two and
one-half minutes had gone by, Dugger scored to break the ice. Miller made it 4-0. After about 6 minutes of purely sloppy ball playing, Kennedy sank a free throw for the first
Riveter point of the game. All this time the seniors were
begging for a field goal and a chance to throw their derbies. Ten minutes had gone by and still no basket. Finally, after 13 minutes of playing,
Tea Dance To Follow Union Commiltee Meetings Tomorrow student Union committee will hold their first meetings of the new
semester on Monday afternoon at- A1 Menke, the only senior on the
4:15. Immediately following these meetings there will be a tea dance. All persons listed should attend. The heads of the Recreation Committee are Smith ahd Stallings. Members of this committee are Abelson, Carter, Haase, Mayer, Moorman, Con-oi-d, Erwin, Doddridge, Williams,
which contends that it will be impossible to get adequate funds from Congress and .so does not provide subsidies to students. Advocates of the new plan point out that a $39,000,000 request for a college war-trainiTig program was pared to $6,000,000 by the last Congress. They want to speed things up by forgetting the subsidy as they think it will bo a very small sum by the time it passes Congress.
fore they reach their 18th birthday and have graduated from high school. Lists Requirements Applicants must have a scholastic ■standing in the upper half of the class, and must be enrolled in the senior class. Physical requirements arc the same as previously prescribed for Naval Aviation Cadets. Any boys who have graduated (See NAVY, page 4)
, . taken from Playshop's USO benefit production of "The Eve of St Mark" which will be presented m Eliza Fowler Hall February 5, 6. packed war drama by Maxwell Anderson will be a benefit show with all proceeds to go to the
local USO.
John Clark, veteran of several Playshop productions, will play the part of Qu,izz West,
about whom the action centers. The story follows Quizz from his small Indiana farm first to Verplank, Ketcham, Fretz, Dittrick,
Curtis, Puff, Trimble, Spencer, Leever. Bishop, Roberts, Bowlby, Hipskind, Wismar, Appel, Armstrong,
Yost and Zinc.
. _ Blakely Heads Committee On War Committee on War, headed by Blakely, is composed of Womble,
Gathered in the Debris birsiness Laramore, Samuelson, Riggs, Neal, office, located in the Union, are Edwards, Bargeson, Huff, copies of the 1943 edition for stu- Olaham, Hopkins, Henning dents who have not yet received nins, Hodgdon, Alshouse, Flitemey-
an army bai-racks, then across the country to San Francisco, and finally to an unidentified island, “H53”, in the Philippines. Taking part in the farm sequences are Becky Ann Pervine as Janet Feller, Quizz’s sweetheart; Henry Bolz and Carolyn Wood in the roles of his parents; Uidal Carter, Jack Scarff and Warren Lull as the other members of the West family.
Harold Warren will take the
Debris Still Available
NoS'ice
The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, January 25, at 4 p. m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. —E. C. ELLIOTT, President
Life Under Nazi Domination . . . Lochner^ Former War Tells Of Suppression
Correspondent. Of The Press
By Jack Abbett In an interview with Louis P. Lochner last Friday afternoon, the former AP correspondent in Berlin was asked to express his opinion on the exact status of the German press under the Republic and undeiNazi domination. He said fii-st that/ there could be no comparison between the press of the two forms of German government. The facts, as he saw them, pointed to the belief that the press of the Republic was undoubtedly the freest press in the whole world. However, the extreme opposite is true with the press under Hitler. The German newspapers and magazines are not, however, completely in, accqrdance with the Nazi ideals and many of the leadingnewspaper editors are just waiting the day when the Hitler system collapses and they can become free again. There are, of course, men whom Hitler has made editors and who arc “died-in-wool” Nazis. Those men will have to be removed
man government from whom all news must originate. Ownership A Debatable Question The question of who will own the newspapers and all other industrial or business establishments after the war will be a vital one and it will have to be decided if thoie will be new owners created or that the organizations will go back to the original owners.
some other specialized science were returned to the universities. The liberal arts students were not allowed to return to school as the Reich thought that their education was not necessary to the perpetuation of tliG greater Germany. Germany never tells the woild about the underground movements, but Lochner stated that was a definite underground system al-
What is the exact situation in- though it is not too well oiganizcd.
volving Finland, was another question asked Lochner. Ho answered it hy saying that Finland and the Finns have no love for the Germans hut the fact that Finland has but one major enemy, Russia, is ample enpugh reason to lorce hci on to the German side. The president of Finland told Lochner that it would he one of the happiest days in the Finns’ histoiy when they could break away fioin Gcimany, for the Finns realize lhat each woman in the countiy will liavc to give birth to SIX children oi the Finns as peo-
in the reconstruction period if they pie will be non-existant.
do not epUapse with Hitler. Lochner said the greatest newspaper, oven under Hitler, is Frankfurter Zeitung, and that this paper was able to' maintain some of its liberalism up to the time that he left Germany. 'Ihe press is not free and the real publisher is the Ger-
Student Status Explained Lochner was asked just what the Nazis did about kceiiiiig students ih school. His i-ejily to this was that the students fmiglil during the summer monUis, but upon the coming of winter those who were in engineering, chemistry, physics or
Tho underground uses the newspaper and magazine as one of its
chief weapons.
Underground Methods In Progress Magazines are printed vilh an unoffensive front page-, but when you o]icn to the sec.md page the magazine jumps into a tirade against Hitler and the Nazi government and it always seems to get mtoimation that the N izis -would piel'er to keep secret. Aiiolhor form o'' jn opagaiula distribution IS to place veiy small iiewspaiici s inside match boxes that aie intended t'oi iH'oiile wh > aie known to be anti-Nazi. The type on these newspapers must he read w'ith a magnifying- glass. The radio and iiropaganda by w'ord of mouth are also used and many of the jokes that are told about the high Nazi officials come from those sources.
part of Cy, the West’s hired-
hand.
In the army scenes, Art Barab. Bill Lester, George Kern and George Sykes have been cast as privates along with Quizz. Charles Greenhill, Ed Gruis and George Zissis aie the noncoms in the camp. Elaine Kali, Betty Gray, i\Iaiy McCormick, Mary Louise Fan man and Jim Yingst have roles in the scene in a ravei-n near the aimy camp. A Filipino girl, Pepe, w'ill be played by Frances Robinson. Showing in New York, Chicago Although “The Eve of St. Mark” is at present showing in both New York and Chicago, Playshop was (See PLAYSHOP, page 4) Senate Will Hold Callout For Workers Wednesday At 4 P.M.' The Student Senate will hold its callout for second semester freshman and sophomoie workers in the Senate office Wednesday, January 27, at 4 o’clock. ’Phese callouts present an opportunity for freshmen and sophomores to become acquainted with the acInitics and duties of the Senate. Since the Senate is now opciating on a 'semester basis, second semester .sophomoie workers are eligible for apiioiiUmeiit to tlie junior hoard. Wmki'is who have attained a certain iiumbei- of liours to thou- credit w'lll be presi'iited with keys. New' W'oikei.s may be assigned to any of the four committees for work. ’fhese committees are as follows: lo.st and found, faculty rating, general publicity and elections, and the projects committee. The functions of the Senate are not limited to these committees, however, and a w’oikcr will find many types of work that will occupy his time and be of interest to him.
their annual. The few remaining copies are being- hgld for students who have paid but have been unable to collect their Debris as yet and are attainable when the office opens at 4 p. m.
er, Allen, Shult, Leighty, Murphy, Kreger, Naethans, Savage, Klien, Elliott, Lynch, Dreyer, Elledge.
Publicity and Personnel
Collister and Stallings are in
(See UNION, page 4)
team, scored one from directly under the basket . . . this was the cue for the patient seniors to left fly and they did just that... in fact with so much enthusiasm, the game had to be stopped temporarily until the
crowd quieted do-ivn. Biggs Scores Twice
Miller hit one to make the count 11-5. At this Max Biggs, playing his first game in a Boilermaker uniform, raddled' the net -with a shot from far out on the floor. Max then intercepted a Buckeye pass and drove in unmolested to bring the count to 11-9. There was probably no Boilermaker on the floor who
Hunt, wanted to win that game more than Cun- Biggs. The husky sophomore time
and time again stole the ball from the Ohio State players . . . his scrappy, all-around play made Max look like a real veteran in his first
appearance.
Menke scored just before the half (See GAME STORY, page 4)
Coeds Serve In War And Peace University Offers In Training Women
Special Courses For War Work
By iWary Jordan In order to help both old and new' women students to understand more clearly how' they can best fit themselves to be of seivicc in the war effort anti also during the peace to follow, the Universitj' has put out a now booklet entitled, “Purdue Trains Women to Serve in Wai and Peace.” Compile Last of Training Fields An alphabetical list of all the fields into w-hith the University is equipped to train women has been compiled, w'ith an outline of the curriculum required and a general description of the woik. Hoads of the respective dopartnionts or the Placement Scivicc for Women-w'ill fuinisli adtlitioiial information about Ihe.so coui,sc.s upon request. Choinisliy is a field which is opening nioio and moio opiiortunitio.s to women. It is recognized today as being- fundamental to many ontcipiises such as agriculture, dietetics, radio, textiles, and many others. Women with B.S. degrees may find iiositions such as laboratory workeis in liospitals and in'dustiy, teaclieis, technical secietarics, etc., but graduate degiees are required for all types of research work.
Includes Courses In Ag School offers courses along this line toThe University also offers train- ’gether with practical experience, ing in such fields as biology, en- Engineering Fields Open tomology, floriculture, statistical Many women are going into the work, laboratory technique, and various ^fields of engineering, such
others in the science and agricul-
ture schools. Short, intensive courses of eight weeks are offered by the School of Agriculture along such lines as general agriculture, animal husbandry, dairy production, and dairy manufactuiers. Journalistic Opportunities Although the Univei-sity has no School of Journalism, preparation for work in journalism can be obtained by taking- courses that provide the background in the subject matter about which one plans to w'rite and then adding to these
as chemical, civifi electrical, mechanical, metallui-gical, and public service engineering. For those who have at least six hours of college mathematics and eight hours of college physics to their credit several intensive courses are being offered in cooperation with the U. S.
Office of Education.
These courses are intended to prepare men and women for im* mediate use as inspectors, technicians, draftsmen, and designers, and for work in other fields that are above the skilled-labor level and
courses specific training- in writing- are most essential in connection
for publication. Women journalists contubute to women’s magazines, women’s sections of general magazines and the women’s pages of newspapers. During- war yeais, with so many mothers working away from home there is an increasing- demand for nursery schools. Nursery school teaching, therefore, offers an excellent oppoilunity for the youngwoman who is interested in work-
with the national war effort. Soiue of these courses are offered in the evening for people who are employed during the day. Others are full - time, forty - hour - per - week courses that, in a period of eight or twelve weeks, train for specialized war effort. Those interested in such courses should communicate with Professor C, W. Beese, Director of War Training, or the Director of the Placement Service
ing with children. 'Ihe University for Women.u
PurUtie Exponent
Sunday, January 24^ >
Purchte Exponent Offices: iditorial and Business I’urdue Memnrial ‘Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor......:...; Bosinens Manneer Ntws Editor Manaeina Editor fianior Advartiaina Manager. Sports Editor Coed Editor. Coed Business Exeeutivc.........
Wiiiiam G. Hoskins .:Gerhard H. Klouman ..Robert W. Boswinkic Dale E. But* Jame^ G, .petty Joseph S. Dao’son Saliy Beail A. Jane Keim
Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate Editors; B. J. Caykir, J. T. Uichnrd.sop, T. h. Tilton, W. H. Tyson, W. h. Vei miiion, M. L. Smith, C. C. Martindell,: K. Murphy. Coed Staff: Phylli.s Mann, Martha Loc Riggs, Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens. Sports Staff: C. Sowards, J. Ackerman, T). Shryer, R. Smith.
Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager: J. Eilpi. Advertising Managers: J. Flexon, G. Gaunt, J. McCullough, J. Tabb. Circulation Managers: W. Recktonw.ald and R. Krooplin. Accounts Manager: MaryDills^^^^^ The Vurdue Independent Editor-in-Chief .....Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Niffht Editor: Vermilion Sports Editor: Ackerman CUy Editor: Richardson ' Issue Editor: Forsythe Day Editor: Rig:g^s. Workers: Younpr, Yarpear. Abbett, Jordan, Hahn. Greprory. Edmondson. Ford, Haynes, Richardson, Tuttio, Hopkins. Entered as second class matter at the po.st office in Lafayette, Indiana, updor the act of CoPffresB of March 3, 1879, and at the special rale of postage provided for in section il03r act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1923. Published on Tuesday, Thursilay, Friday and Sunday morninga during the year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.7,7 for a semester or $3.00 for two semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a eemaster or $3.50 for two aeme-stnis. Represented for national advertising by National Advertlfiing Service, Inc., College Publishers ReprcBentatives, 420 Madiapn Avc., New York, N. Y.
mSIIMlOK
Tm U S P<t. OM.
Physics Farces . .. As a senior looks back upon the classes he has taken during- his fir.st three years at a college there are certain course.s which he looks back upon with plea.sure, there are some that •r—well, they were on the required list and he took them, and there are others which leave only unpleasant memorie,s. Unpleasant memories are, of course, the result of poor grade.s in the course, disinterest on the part of the student in the subject of the course, poor methods of presenting the material of the course on the instructor’s part, or any number of other various reasons which goes toward making a student dislike his . class. The di,slike of a course on the part of few students is not seriou.s. There are always some students in every class that are taking the course onlj’’ because they must. These stir^ dents will naturally dislike the course. Not much can be done for these students who are in the minority, for it would be folly to try to. please everyone. However, when the whole class objects to . the way in which the course is being run-^ when classes year after year object to the way the course is run—then, surely, there must be something fundamentally wrong with the course and it should be changed. The courses we have in mind are Physics 21 and Physics 22, required courses for all . .engineering students, The labs of Physics 21 and 22‘ are farces. It'is doubtful if one out of ten of the students enrolled in the two physics courses can truthfully declare that the three hours a week spent - in the lab is anything but wasted. Many of the gi’aduate students in charge of the labs do not know what is happening during course of the very dull experiments themselves. The recitations of Physics 21 and 22 are held three times a week for little other reason than ■ to find out what the student does not know. A daily is given at each recitation meeting and . it takes at least twenty minutes of the fiftyminute period. When it is considered that the first fifteen minutes of the period are devoted to looking over the answers of the last period daily, there are fifteen minutes each day, or a grand total of 45 minutes a week devoted to teaching physics. There Ls also a daily given at the end of each lab period, which with the three dailies per week ip the recitatiqn periods added in makes four tests per week, at lea.st fifteen weeks per ' year for approximately sixty te.sts a semester. At various times also there are hour tests thrown in. Tho.se in charge of Physics 21 and 22 might well de-emphaSize tests and emphasize some good honest teaching. , For a technical minded student the realm of physics is one of the most intriguing, challenging, fascinating courses that he takes. Physics covers almost all of engineering in one word. One would think a technical in.stitution of Purdue’s caliber would attempt to improve one of its basic courses.—r.w.b. SshvicsL SiAipsA. James W. Goldrick . . . 4'ormei- Uiiiver.sity student, received the gold bar of a second lieutenant and the silver wings of a •pilot in graduation exei-cises at Randolph Field, Tex., aftei' completing a new stfeamiined course which cut in half the time normally required for flight traifPing. This graduating class was the first to ever receive wings at'the West Point of the Air. ,Normally only basic training is given at Randolph Field.
Leonard Weinkauf . . . former University student, has enlisted in~ti^ Marine Corps at. state recruiting licadquarteis at Indianapolis. He is in training at the San Diego Marine ■ 'Bam.
iy pkBSit ;vtr
Roosevelt May Move In On Farm Problem And Oust Wickard; Knutson Says Clare Bootiie Saved Mr. Luce From Oblivion WASHINGTON—^As soon as President Roosevelt can get a breather from the war, he expects to move into.the farm situation in a wfuy that will niean a showdown with his Secretary of Agriculture, Claude
Wickard. ■
The issue is the old one, first raised by Vice President Wallace several years ago, of aiding the bigfarmer or the small farmer. Several weeks ago Roosevelt issued a directive to the effect that small farmers should get more aid to increase food production, and it was when Wickard ignored this, that his Food Production Director, Henry Parisius, resigned. Paripius had' laid out a plan of smajl-farm aid'; But
Problems For Fun To facilitate their consideration, solutions should be submitted on separate signed sheets, before 4:30 P. M. Friday of the week after the posting of the problem. Include with each solution a signed statement that the solution was obtained unassisted. Solutions are to be handed in at the Mathematics office. PROBbEM-3; In the following simple multiplication the x’s represent unknown digits to be determined; Show that there are .just two solutions. XXX
Draft Registrants Must Report Soon
All Indiana men between the ages of 18 and .38 who have been re.i^isterpd for the draft for six months and have not yet received their classification cards are again warned to communicate immediately with their local draft boai-ds by Goloncl Robinson Hitchcock, state director
of selective service.
Hitchcock pointed out that after February 1, men in this ago group who do not have their classification cards and certificates of registration in their possession are liable
to fine or imprisonment.
In case of violation, however, the arrest and persecution would not be carried out by the selective serv-
met Mr. X to the station and 10 minutes back to that point. Therefore the chauffeur met Mr. X ten minutes before the usual .meetipg time. But Mr. X arrived at the station 60 minutes before the visual time. Therefore Mr. X walked .lO
minutes. '
it Pays to Wear ,
Clean Clothes
Pays to Buy War SavMi|s Stamps
Dial 7278
the pito In a hit tops
for hearty laughter... for tender romance!
XXX,17
PROBLEM 2:
Mr. X, a suburbanite, catches the 5 o’clock train for home daily and is, met at his staj;ion by his chauf-
Wickard, beset by Farm Bureau opposition, rejected feur. One day he took the 4 o'clock ice aystem since these,violations do it. So now it is up to the White House, and it may train, On arriving at his station he not fall under their jurisdiction. Inmean a new secretary of agriculture. decided to start walking for home stead, the Foderau Bureau of InvesWhen the President moves in, he will have before without phoning for his chauffeur, tigation has charge of most of these him some significant figures on what small farmers His chauffeur started for the sta- cases. When there is suspected dehave been able to do to increase food production, tion at the customary time, met Mr. linquency, the case is referred to a A year ago, the Farm Security Administration asked x on the way and returned home United States district attorney. 470,000 small farmers to push production of the fol- with him. They arrived home ■ , ■ ,
lowing: Livestock, dairy pi-oducts, vegetables, long- twenty minutes before their usual staple cotton. . time. How long did Mr. X walk ? Here-were the amazing results: This group of farm- SOLUTION OF PROBLEM 2: ers, constituting only 10 per cent of all farmers in the - arrived home 20 country, produced 32 per cent of the total increase in early, the chauffeur saved beef; 33 per cent of the total increase in dry beans; gO minutes of driving by 19 pel- cent of the total increa.se in chickens; 11 per ,meeting Mr. X on the way—or 10 cent of the total increase in peanuts, 24 pei cent of fi-ohi the point wher,e he
the total increase in flax, and so on.
One f.actor behind this amazing increase is that small farmer.s don’t hire much labor. They themselves, work with their families, and since most have families, they are draft exempt. Big farmers, on the other hand, have to hire labor, which is scarce, buy ma-
chinery, which is also scarce.
However, the Farm Bureau Federation still maintains that: “Fifty per cent of the farmers produce 90 per cent of the crops. We’ve got to depend on these farmers for increases—to heck with the rest.” • Mrs. Luce Comes To Washington The glamorous Uqiigr^sswojnaii Clare Boothe Luce encountered her Republican colleagiie Congressman Harold Knutson of Minnesota at a Capital parly. Said the Senior to the Freshman, “Glad to know you, Mrs. Luce, but I don’t like your husband.” (Mr. Harry
Luce is editor of TIME).:
“No?”:Said Mr.s, Liuce. “Why hot?” “He called me ‘fuzzy’ in his magazine.” “B.ut, Mr. Congressman,” she said, “you’ve forgotten your Kipling.” Whereupon she recited these lines
of “Fuzzy Wuzzy”: ,
“‘Here’s to you Fuzzy Wuzzy At your home in the Sudan You’re a poor benighted'’eathen, ' But a first class fightin’ man’.” Mrs. Luce put less emphasis on “poor benighted ’eathen”, and more on“a fir.st class fightin’ man,” which made Mr. Knutson feel better. Now he says of
lier:
“She’s a fine woman. But her greatest accomplishment is rescuing Mr. Luce from permanent oblivion.” « North African Bungling , It is quite obviou,s to the man in the street that the whole political situation in North Africa has been badly bungled. However, only those on the inside really know how bad it is and how inexcusable. Take, for instance, the simple matter of exchanging messages between Generals De Gaulle and Giraiul. When De Gaulle first sent Giraud a suggestion that they get together, the message, for some unexplained reason, was'delayed several days. Any amateur diplomat could have figured out that the immediate thing to do after the death of Admiral Darlan was to bring together these two French leaders, Giraud and De Gaulle. But nobody in London, or in North Africa, took the trouble to make certain that De Gaulle’.s first olive branch was delivered. Then, when finally it did reach Gen. Giraud, he was quite leisurely about it. He said he would like to have a little time to think things over. This added delay made De Gaulle hit the ceiling. He figured Giraud was rebuffing him. Meanwhile Gen. Giraud, an old-fashioned military man, with no experience in affairs of government, suddenly found himself with three vast colonies to govern—Algiers,. Morocco, and part of Tunisia. In those colonies he had around him other French proconsuls who hated hiiji. Gen. Nogues, Rosident-Gen-oral of French Morocco, is pro-Vichy, pro-Pascist and despises De Gaulle, so much so that the Fighting French have demanded his removal. • No U. S. Help Therefore Gen. Giraud, anxious to fight rather than govern, has muffed all the political balls. Meanwhile, so has the United States. Robert Murphy, State Department representative, has been understaffed, and never planted his roots too deeply among the French anyway. His policy was to work with brass-hats at the top. 'I'here was no propaganda to reach down below. Murphy has been imploring the State Department to send him additional men, to which the department recently cabled as follows; “We are sending one typewriter.” In other words, Murphy is trying to unscramble the North African jiolitical mess almost with one typewriter. Note: In contrast, the State Department has just received a reluctant WPB okay on its request for a priority to sljlp new bedsprings, period furniture and new fuimishings for the American embassy in Panama. • Spaniards Fight Russia While the State Department and Franco make much of Spanish neutrality, a force of Spanish “volunteers” known as “The Blue Legion”, two or three divisions strong—are figliting undei' Hitler against the Russians. - Though supposed to be acting as individual volunteers, they were actually recruited, trained, and sent by Fraiico, just as the Italian “volunteers” were sent by Mussolini to Spain during the civil wav. Now comes the report from Madrid, that Franco has issued a new decree granting the Blue Legion status in the regular Spanish army so fpr as privileges are concerned. In other words they will get pen.sions, retirement, leave, hospitalization, etc. And yet the State Department Iroys helped Franco get into power.
XJniversity Calendai*
Week of January 24-30 Sunday* January 24
4:00 P.M. Music Program Music Room, Union
Monday, January 25
All Day RoBd School—See Program..; Idemorial Union 4:00 P.M. Committee on State of University ...Room 263, Union 4:00 P.M. Associated Women Students Meet....RQOtn 366i Uiiion 7:30 P.M. Basketball—Ohio State Fieldhouse 8:00 P.M. Road School Smoker.... ...W. Faculty Lge., Union
Tuesday, January 26
All Day Road SchooWSee Program Memorial Union 1:30 P.M. Wives of Mil. Off. Dessert Bridge....Old Chestnut Rm., Union 7:30 P.M. Undergraduate Dames Meeting Room 23,1, Unipn . ,
Wednesday, January 27
All Day Road SebQolr.Tr:SGe Program. Memorial Union 6:30 P.M. Road School Banquet ...'.North Ballroqm, Uniotn 7:30 P,M. AIChB Meeting .......South Ralilroomi Uniqo , 7:30 P.M. Ipst. of Aeronauticai Sei. Meeting....Rm. 108, Ae, Engr.
Thursday, January 28
3:00 P.M. Screen Review
.Hall of Music
Friday, January 29 v 7iOO P.M. Skull and Cresoent Dinner...., E. Pahulty Lge., Union 7:80 P.M. Convo—Ballet Russe ..Hull of Mi'sic j 8:30 P.M. Sophomore Cotillion .....Ballroom, Unjon
VS. Peterson
. . . agricultural consultant of the DuPont Company, of Wilmington, Delaware, will hold an open ineet.ing in Agricultural Hall on Wednesday, January 27, at 7 p. m. The subject of his discussion will be “The Development of New Agricultural Products”. Peterson will show some interoMing new material manufactured from various farm products.
!' IP '"'L JJ"
TODAY and MONDAY
LUMA TODAY and TOMORROW
BETTY GRABLE JOHN PAYNE CARMEN MIRANDA HARRY JAMES AND HIS MUSIC MAKERS i , CESAR ROMERO I in™
If’s a Merry SCREAM ^ Set
with Ellen 0REW -J3"«WYNAN I and KAV KYSER'S BAND faniuring Harry Babbitt* Ish Kabibble*SullyMas^n Trudy Irwin • Dorothy Dunn Also "POPEYE” CARTOON
Chirlotle Edward Everatt GREENWOOD * HORTON
MONTY IDA
WOOLLEY * LUPINO
— HELD OVER-i. SENSATIONAL! IS TO MILD FDR IT! Out of the page; of the Book that shocked the World! HITLER'S CHILDREN Based on Gregor Ziemer's Best Selling Book "Education for Death^' with TIM HOLT-BONITA GRANVIUE W. B. WARNER — Added joy — Walt Disney Cartoon HOW TO FISH
/(N
/ ?fw!iirCorn7r WILDE * Sara ALLGOOD Orttlr Melville COOPER * Directed by Irv/ng Pfchel • Produced and Wrillen for the Screen by Nunnally Johnson MARS NOW puimc
f Americans hest^loned I NAIla ENAMEL ... LIPSTICK
■RAN
OPEN REVOLT!
60c
Mm crawfoId
MNWAYHE-PHiyPOORN EEOMIOH IN FRANCE REGINALD OWEN • ALBERT BASURMANN * JOHN CARRADINE
ANN AVARS • J. EDWARD BROMBERG
\Mx/sm
60c AND »1.00
World-iamous for its unrivalled “stay-on” quality. World-famous because shades like “Mrs. Miniver Rose” set the fashion for the whole nation’s fingertips atid lips. No wonder our best customers swear by Revlon Nail Enamel and matching Revlon Lipstick. Get your pet colors today. Revlon Nail Enamel, 6oc. Lipstick, 6oc; also j>i.oo size.
PREVIEWED means that every single color of Revlon Nail Enamel is pretested 160 tirhes on busy fingertips, before it is bottled for youf
piAviii;
Gift Shop Hours: 9 a. 111. lo 9 |). iq. Daily 4 lo 7:30 p, m, Siiudity
■ii.'
T’h 1
Pltnddy^ January 24, 194$
it ''‘- Boiletmaker Sports $ i , h A(H t #«. J *
(n^iana Matmen Win «* Th& Sp6rts Wave 1 Swimmers Defeat Chicago
Jlk ® ■ B **B iwpr lll-w I
As Riveters lose, 17-9 Bloomington, Jan. 23—(Special to the Purdue lEIxponent)— In their first wrestling meet of the season, the Boilermaker grapplers suffered defeat by the bodies of the Hoosiers pf Indiana 9 to 17, at Bloomington yesterday afternoon. This marked the first defeat for - r-w-
Coach Claude Beeck m over a year, as last year they came through the season undefeated and then went on to win the Big
Ten championship ’
Cogch Billy Thoms' wiestleis showed gieat advantages in all of the weights except the 136 and 145 pound and heavyweight classes, whigh the jKiveters won, all by decisions. Netfesheim, Velniai Davis
IM Schedules Due to the vaisity basketball game Monday night, the Caiy Hall andi Waid basketball games have been postponed until Wednesday night Pleape consult the Exponent Tuesday morning foi your schedule
man fiom last yeai, defeated Bob Platt of the Eiveteis by a decision
and Flank Ruggieri came thiough of 11-8 Nettesheim, who took the
for the Riveteis in the 136, 145 and heavyweight events, lespeetively
Besults Follow
Rolank of Indiana pinned Single ton of thOvRiveteis in two minutes and 16 seconds in the 121 lb class ilolak as not even numbei one choice
place of Maik Matovma who was ill, won the 136 lb class foi the Boileimakeis 10-9 against Robbins in an oveitime Don Bums of Indiana defeated Stendei 7 2, and Jim Wilkinson decision Jim Paiatoie of the Riveteis 3 2 in 155 class In the
in this qvent, as the Hoosiers have 165, Rivefei Davis beat Golonka 4 3 Herb Panel, wmnei of the AAU and then Tiastei of Indaana decicontest two yeais ago, to wiestle it sioned Eviston in the 175 class, 10 5 need him. Ruggieii then won fiom Hoosiei Nettesheim, Davis, Ruggien Win Bochnicka 9 2m the heavyweight In the 128, Jack Archei, a lettei- event
By Joe Dawspn
► Freshman Tourney 13 i We made g mistake on the date of that tieshman basketball tournament between Illinois, Indiana, Noithwestern and the Riveteis to be played heie in the Fieldhoust, The event will be lun off on Saturday, Febiuaiy 13, apd not the 19 as we eironeously stated Paiings have not yet been announced but the fiist game will piobably get undei way about 2 01 2 30 p m Anothei game will follow immediately and then the championship and consolation games will be played in the
evening
► Northwestern Accepts Bid Thillsday afternoon Mackey leceived a lettei fiom Noithwestein accepting the invitation to play in this long awaited touiney Now all thiee schools have consented to bung then first yoai teams It’^ going to be inteiesting to watch the outcome of this event Ihe winnei could piobably claim some sort ot freshman Big Ten title since the best of these foul ball clubs could undoubtedly whip any of the remaining teams ► Tankmen |n Tpp Form The Boilermakei swimming team, regardless of the loss of a couple of then key men because of ineligibility, looked plenty tough in trouncing the Chicago tankmen yesterday afternoon m the Fieldhouse pool, 51 33 Captain Joe Williamson so completely outclassed his opopnent in the breaststroke event that he merely jogged through the last three lengths “Sammy” Snead, junior sprinter, took a fiist and a second and also anchored the winning 440 yard relay team to victory ► Riveters To Win Two Here we go out on that fampus limb In our opinion the Boilei makers will still be holding di^wn third place in the Conference race after the firing has ceased Monday night That will make it four games won against only one defeat Also, we figure, along with everyone oNe nr the country, that Indiana will be in fust place ahead of Andy Phillip and the lest of the Whiz Kids
Frosh Basketball lourney Scheduled Here, February 13 A unique freshman basketball tournament with foui Big Ten yeailing combinations as the competi tors will be held here at the Univer sity on Saturday, Febiuaiy 13, it was announced today by Guy Mack ey, athletic director Competing for top honors in the first tournament of its kind in Big Ten history will be'Indiana, Illinois, Noithwestern and Purdue Arrange ments for the tournament were made possible by the new ruling of the Big Ten faculty athletic committee permitting limited competi tion for fieshman squads Plans for the tournament call for two games to be played at an after noon session and two games at night which will match the afternoon winners and afternoon losers Oppo nents for the opening afternoon games will be determined by draw
Boilermakers Topple Maroons By Impressive Score Of 51-33
By Clint Sowards
Yesterday afternoon in the Boilermaker pool, Coach Dick Papenguth’s squad of aquatics opened their 194.3 season % «wimming with an impressive 51-33 win over the Umver.sity of Chicago The Boilermakers grabbed an early lead with a win in the first event and with momentum increasing as the contest woie on, the Boilermakei S took a total of six out emr f nrk^stn of the IlivcUrs and Leach of „ , . „ . , . Chicago in 2 26 flat of eight firsts and a consider- in the ,0 free style Snead and Nihan 6f ,, , ,.,7 j7 7 7 the Rivetcr-i to< k first and third Vineyard able share of the thirds and of Chicago second Time ZlSacconds 7 . j 7 , o --7 Low boa/-1 diving won by fungst (P) seconds to amass a total of 51 Crosby (C l s « nd Ombb IPt third , 7 I r-i 7. 7.1 1 f'"'- 'y'’" Banger ID points to 33 by Chicugo at the end Snead md VanDnensen (Pj second and
of the contest Although the Riveteis won the meet, it was a Chicago lad who stole the show Baughei, a free stylei foamed thiough 760 yards of com petitive swimming in three events, and completely outclassed all com petition to take an undisputed fiist in all three e\ents Summ ir> In the 300 yard mcdliy relay i team of Boileirnnkers—Bill Dunn Joe Wilhim'son and Dick Smith tiok an easy Mctory over Stlflon Leman ind Click on of Chicai,o Time 3 14 b B iuj.7ei in the hrst of h s three events took a win in the *^00 free style awiy from
/)n by Dunn (P) fCf third Time
thud Time, 07 seeonds 1 0 yar i backs^ti Iv( ch (P) second Fern
1 49
200 yartl breaststi ke won by Captain Joe Williamson (P I eman iCi second ^nd PtHTr-hend Sjuderlin? (P) third Time 2 40 3 140 yard free styU won by Bauprer (Cl F ncksf n (P) ec nd Mills iPf third Time^
) 09
4 40 yard rela> won hy Snead VanDueaen Willnm on and Borner (P) Vinyard Le man Eruk en ind Fein (C) second Time
Notice All PE 12 swim classes report to gvm floor till further notice. —CLEVITT
Gef Your— STATIONERY and SUPPLIES of ALL KINDS University Book Store
YOUR APPEARANCE IS OUR BUSINESS
Phone 2192
356 State
Sprint} Showint} of ]Vbw Slacks ★ TWILLS ★ GABABDIIVES ■k BEDFORD EODDS Roger's Men's Wear East Side Square
y&L&hi/tdu
Be ThriflyEET US DD YOUR SHOE REPAIRIIVG
nmu SHOE mm 221 State Phone 2240 W. Lafayette
— WANTED — EXPONENT CARRIERS CallExponent (^rculation 4005
__ sir, p SoJuihwirdJtL SMALL ENOUGH lo persoiiali/e its service to you, yet LARGE ENOUGH to offer you l^e largest stock of ^ USED AND NEW TEXTS Complete Students Supply
PATRONIZE ADVERTISERS of EXPONENT
PURDUE BASKETBALL
PURDUE No. Name and Positron 4 Ralph Borwer, f. 20 Paul Friend, f. 3 AI Menke, c. (Capt.) 10 Floyd Lawson, g. 14 Edwm Ehlers, g.
G Gerald Witsman, f 7 William Kercheval, f 9 John Swantz, e 11 Robert Morris, i 15 Donald MeVey, c 16 Robert Myers, f 17 Max Biggs, f 18 John Kennedy, f 22 Robert Biddle, f
OHIO STATE No. Name and Position 3 Fred Miller, f. 25 Max Gecowets, f. 29 J. T. White, c. 20 Dick Shrider, g. 14 Gene Fekete, g.
7 Jimmy Simms, g 9 Lou Trabitz, c 10 Ken Eichwald, f 12 Jack Dugger, c 17 AlWise,! 4 J. T. White, c
HARDWARE, PAINTS and SUNDRIES Edgerton Hardware E. W. VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 West Lafayette
DOUGLAS SHOES and Portage Shoes —Sale Now on All Shoes — Purdue Shoe Store
302 State St.
West Lafayette
JOHN SWANTZ
Your car must serve you for the duration—
FRAMK'S PLACE Quick Service — Good Food . Try Our Tenderloin Sandwiches
WE NEVER CLOSE
Let
us serve your car-
Pete Doc Anderson
Purdue ’07 (lOriier of Sixth and Alabama
Phone 4048
Everything for a College Education DEAC’SSt ^
; .h»,.^w,«<|^«>^>iij^ii^4n
Pa^ 4
Purdue Exponent
t
Tj^PTTiFrTT’?
'jV, }\Y^*'^y
S 1/
Sundayf January 24, 1943
Game
Ballet
E. C. Elliott
Union
(Continued fiom page 1) ended to make the count 15 10 At the opening: of the ■second half, Ehlers <?coied, but then both Millei and Eichwald tallied making: the score 19 13 In the next few minutes Lawson and Swant? hi ought the Boileimakeis up to within two points of the Bucke^ es Then Mcnke lang the bell on a one handei to tie up the ball game A fiee thiow by Ehleis and two beautiful long shots by Rud\ Lawson made the count 26 21 White Scores White scoied thiee points, Ehleis hit a foul shot and then Lawson scored again—29 24 Tiavis, White and Miller scoied in lapid older to put the Buckejes in the lead again 30-29 Menke scoied on a left-hand er, but Miller letaliated to make the score 32 31 Ohio State Menke dropped in a fiee thiow but Eich wlad Scoied fiom undei the basket to put the game on ice foi the Buck eyes Summai y OHIO STATE EG FT PF TP Millei,f 5 0 1 10 White, f 2 2 3 6 Shridei,f g 10 12 Gecowets, f 0 0 0 0 Dugger, c 2 2 2 6 Fekete, g 0 0 2 0 Eichwald, g 4 0 2 8 Tiabitz, g 10 12
Totals
15 4 12 34
PURDLE Kennedy f Moms, f Swantz, 1 Fiiend, f Biggs, f Bi ow ei t Menke, c Ehleis Law son g
FG FT PF TP
0 0
Totals 12 8 0 32 Free thiows missed Swan! (2) Ehlers (5), Millei Shiidei (2) White (2), Tiabit/, Eichwald
(Continued fiom page 1) Mgoi of the Ameiicaii continent, the Ballet Russe dt Monte Cailo is i cc ognized bi ciitics and public alike IS the foicmost ballet comp my now befoie the public Flastic and open to new idcis, it ictains the best of the past and cm biaces foiwaid looking movements in cveiy dciiaitiiiciit as has been evidenced in its biilliant New Yoik season at the Mcti opolitan Opci a House, wheie it inauguiated the longest nationwide toui it has iin del taken in its ten yens ol tom mg Leonide Massine Heads ( ompanv Heading the company is Leonide Massine himself who, with the pass mg of the old inastei, Michel Fokine, stands today as the loiemost male figiiie in the woilcl of the dance Alexandia Danilova most biilliant ballei ma of the day, sha^'es the spot light with the titiaii ban cel stai oi the motion pictuie “Ballei ina”, Mia Slavenska, and Nathalie Kiassoa ska Russian glainoi pci sonified makes the thud of the ballei ina tiiumvintc of the Ballet Russe do Monte Carlo The company also boasts the most distinguished ag giegation of male danceis evei as sembled in one companv in the en tiie histoi> of ballet in the peisons of Igoi Youskevitch Fiedeiic Fianklm, Geoige Zoiitch Roland Gueiaid, and a full dozen othei ex citing masculine aitists Possessing the most oxtensne lepeitoiie of any ballet company befoie the public toda-^ it will pic sent a piogiam of thiee woiks heic ‘The Magic Swan with music hv Tschiakowsky and choieogiapln by FGdoio\a Le Beau Danube mu sic b\ Johann Sti luss ipd choie ogiapln hv Leonide Massine me! Rodeo 01 (he (on ling it Bi iit R inch with the music In the con tcmponiv Ameiicin c mposci A.aion Copl ind and the billet dene b\ Agnes dc Millc This Vmciican woik Podeo bi cd on uithcntic Amciicani w is fust pilseiitod at the Mcl last Getobe
Piesident of the Univeisity and chief of the piofessional and technical tiainmg diyision of the Wai Manpowci Commission, has left the e impiis in oidei to lesumc his duties in Washington, D C Piosichnt Flhott had been on the campus loi a shoit time on a leave of absence
Playshop
(Continued fiom page 1) able to obtain peifoimance lights thiQUgh the National Theatei Confeience which lelcased the play foi all colleges and Little Theatei gi oiips New Yoik ciitics acclaim the play as the most moving wai play pio duced since Peail Haiboi Biooks Atkinson wiote.in the New Yoik Times, “‘The Eve of St Maik’ is a haid tough minded play that calls things by then light names ” Max well Andei son has pulled no punches in dealing with the tuibulcnt life of an aimy camp The scenes in the Philippines show the actual conditions undei which oui men lived duiing the teiiiblc days befoie the fall of Bataan Staged bj Carmichael The play is being staged by Di H Kcnn Caimichael, Playshop di lectoi with Ml Ross D Smith act mg as technical diioctoi Mi Gil belt D Williams, piogi im diicctoi of WBAA IS ciiicctmg sound effects ficl ets foi rneLveofSt Maik” may be puichnsed at the local USO hcadquaitcis Sixth and Feiiy Sts in L ifa\ette oi at the Playshop box office in Fowki Hall foi fiftv cents The box office is open fiom nine to twelve 1 m and one to five p ni wed (lavs All sc its iic ^enei il idmi Sion Pegulu PI IV shop e Ison ticket couiion 11 c not i odeem ible foi tick cts to this plav Cl uidia which wa lUinillv chcdiilcd foi Fcbiuiiv 0 ]2 will be given on Much 10 12
(Continued fiom page 1) chaige of the Publicity Committee flic mcmbeis aie Webei, Robeitson, Kent, Fundtibuik, Dieckman, An del son, Maivel, Smilev', Wadlugh, Stevenson, Padgett, Baetzhold, Bacon, Hupp, Mattdie, Habich, Townsend, Gleason, Plank, Savage, Kiud up, Nacke, Dickey, Biiich, Tillotson and Robcits At the head of the Peisonnel Committee aie Gannon and Pingeiy Woiking undei them aie Gillispie, Phillips, Chion, Odgtii, Plochnian, Mai shall, Winn, Ciankshaw, Hams, Bud, luinei Wilhoyte, Allen, Stef fes, Thompson, Stigeis Goss, Balch, Moilleiy, Ryan, McMuiiy, Boston, Hillcbank, C uitly, Wyte and Vaughan Other Union Committees Club committee membeis, undei the diioction of Ciaig, aie Konicek, Bienneman, Biandt, Sieb, Mooie, Lick, Lidei, Diake, Rioidan, Wil hams, Hupsoll, Blake, Plunkett, Robeitson, Sandei, Altgelt, Knap penbeigei Gibbs, Holtliouse, Ennis, Vovlos Swanson Millholip, DeToie, Cummings Douglass and Vaughan Music Room and Receptions aie undci the guidance of Wooling Membeis of this committee aie Beal, Giiiaii Lautz, Giegoiy, Smith, Giif fith, Lindquist Kennedy, Robeitson, Tewksbuiy Babbitt, Jackman, Den by, Scaiff Millei Schlossbeig Dyk man, Thoms, Poweis, Klein, Leallnei, Maiquisc Geoige, Holston, Gnybill and Lamb
'Expo' To Hold Training Class
tion fiom the English office, 108 University Hall —CREEK
Students Who would like part time work should get in touch with the Dean of Men s Oftice , -GOLDSMITH
Registration Worker® Students who woiked for the Registrar during the Winter Term registration may obtain ^ checks by calling at the ®
Tomoilow afternoon at 4 the Exponent tiaining school will hold its fiist meeting in lOom 355 of the Union Instiuction will be given by the senioi membeis of the staff to students inteiested m becoming Exponent woikers The loutine oi the papet then will be explained Fieshman and sophomoie students inteiested in this type of woik who did not attend the call out Fiiday afternoon aie also wi vited to be piesent at the meeting to stait woik on the papei A sec ond meeting will be held on Tuesday afternoon dt 4 Woik on the Exponent, as it will be explained tomoiiow, is both an mteiesling and a valuable consumei of the student’s spaie time New woikeis will find the papei office an exciting place in which to spend then leisuie houis Tlie function of the newspapei office will be explained in detail in the tiaining school and the Exponent technique and style w ill be iHustiated foi the new Woikeis
Gold Peppers Passports arc in AWS box at West Disk of the Union —MdcDONALD
Triton Club No meeting Tuesday Tanuarv 26 Come to Intramural Swimming^ct at 7 15 p ni —BROWNE
Freshman Engineers Last term s Surveying problems and note books may be ob lamed in loom 102 CF building Call foi ♦■hem befoie Monday January 26 —LOMMEL
lAcS Meeting Wednesday January 27, at 7 30 p m m room 108 of Aero Buildmg A talk by Professor E F Bruhn will ^atuic the progiam —RitiiNiL
Interfraternity Presidents Council Mem bcis may get their council keys at the Fra tcinity Affaiis Office MORGAN
Aeromodelers An election of officers will be held at 7 30 p m in room 80 Wednesday Jan 27 Following the icficshments will be served '—SMIixl
Lutheran Students Eveiyonc is invited ♦o a party in the church basement 610 N Ninth St Sunday evening January 24 at 7 30 —WAIuLACE
Reamer Club Meeting Tuesday January 2b at 7 p m in Tower room Bring eqmpment —BKAX
MF 11 66 and 66 Make up examinations Saturd ly January 80 at 1 p m loom ME
AULT
Purdue Railroad Club ImpoHant meeting on January 27 at 7 p m in sub basement ot the Union Members wishing to retain membership call Haase membeis also welcome —HAAblii
SCA Board Usual meeting Tuesday at 30 p m in loom 66 Committees will be formed —ANl ONACCIO
AlCHL Smoker Wednesday night in the So ith Ballioom of the Union at 7 SO SAN fINt
Skull and Crescent Members Call Bob Conlee at SAE fraternity about vour tickets to Cotillion It IS important CONLLE
Purdue Agriculturist E\ei*yone on the cditoiial business and circulation staffs must turn >oui Agileulturibt keys in at the West Desk of the Union Please kave your kc> with >our name atachted to it Tuesday lanuaiy 26 at 4 p m is the dtadline for luiimg in your keys —WARD
Classified Ads
Industrial Recreation Class PEM 166 Will be held Thursday Januaiy 28 at 7 16 p m in room 110 ot the Ficldhoust instead of Monda^ Jan nry 15 —CLEVETT
Money to loan on diamonds watches gunS, luggage typewriters Alberta Loan Office, 407 Columbia
Notices
Conditions Examinations for the lemoval of conditions and incompletes in Histoiy Economus and Government will be hell on S iturdav Febiuary 6 at 1 p m in room UJ Recitation Building Application must b made it the Hibtory office not later thin Iiuliv 1 (biliary ) —LSIEY
Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C T Ebeibhoff 606 Matni Latayelte Phone
Wanted—Students interested in peddling the Exponent Cill Exponent Ask for Rccktenw ild
I ost and Found All lost and found ni ticks in the Senate office not claimed by hebruaiy 1 will be bold MOYNII-^N
Balova watch lost in Union January 16, noon ( ill ^1792 Reward
Lost—I atly s gold wnst watch Flastic band Rcwaul Cal! 55611
No Notices will he accepted for this column after 6 p m qn the day preceding the issue
liy an Exponent Classified'
English and Speech" Exams Make up exams for st idcnts with cenditions in English and Speech will be hell (ii Saturday afternoon Ian 30 it 1 o clock in Room 30-1 Univer ity Hill Removnl of conditi m cards should be obtained by Friday preceding the ex imina
Student Senate All Senate members come to the office on Monday Tinuaiy 25 We will have a bi moving paity Mill FR
Lo*^t—Solitary Tiffany diamond engagement ling Phone 8 Liber il icward
Alpha Phi Omega IlalklujnnI Keys have 11 rived bee Rendei 2)IW Cary Hall —KUCK
lor Rent—At ISO S Grant one double loim btokd he it month Phone 46782
Lost—K and E Vector Slide Rule Rewbrd Cill KKUurt at 2563
Bu6 ai Bonds \nd Slainps^
Navy
(Continued fiom page 1) fiom hmh school but aie not now attending: college must have i inked in the uppei half ot then class incl must leceivc a iccommendation fiom thou high school piincipals Applicants now attending college are requiied to maintain a scholastic standing in the uppei two thuds o1 then class and be lecommcndcd hv the head ot the college Transpoi tation to the Is iv il Avi i tion Cidet Selection Bond in Chi cago will be piovided bv the Boaid immediatelv upon «Leept uiec Placed In V arious C '.assifieations All men accepted loi thi'^ piogiam will be enlisted as Appi entice Sc i men. Class \ o and latci tian= feiied to aviation c uict Those who enlist now but do not giaduate Horn high school will be placed in Glass V 6 and oidciedto active clutv in the Naval seivice
NOTSCE-
We pay Ic each for a!! hangers in good usuabEe condition if brought to our office WEST SIDE GLEANERS
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK
— DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4fh and Mam Sts Pho
ADVANCED BALLROOM CLASS OPENS Thurs., Feb 4th, 7:30 P M. LATE FOX-TROTS JITTER BUG HESITATION WALTZ AND RUMBA WILL BE TAUGHT BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS Wed., Feb. 3rd, 7:30 P M
STRAIGHT DANCING TAUGHT ALLEN S 6th and Ferrv
BHESSDBBSSmim
. . the yoimij men s fancy itirns to love . .
So Eindlc Thai Spark With a Bate in the
ffiukdlML WlmmfuixL lAniofL
The Comet of the (Campus — Yet the (enter of College Activities
Southworth’s
It’s No Military Secret! that the West Side Cleaners Give Vour Clothes a Dislinelive Touch
FOR YOUR GUY' IN THE SERVICE
Phone
4081
FREE
Norfhweslern af Vine Sfreet
VALENTINES ALL SHAPES-SIZES-PRICES
DEAC’S At Last Wb Have Whitman’s Famoiis Caedy For Sale Arialn
Student Book Store
H. G. Reisner 325 State Street
(DEAC'S)
(DimL J’lfupL to WhcdL
/
PyCDlJE BOOK^^SFPPLY STOLE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYEiTTE IND
Southworth’s
r I