*■ ..<
:sss|i®:asiM:Slli»^^
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 85
SuudlcQff
'V^aaIx
the WW
1940 Found The United States The Only ... major nation of the world at peace. With seven nations at war, the new year came to Europe obscured by war clouds and blackouts. China and Finland saw the new year come with invading troops within their boundaries. Japan found 1940 bringing no let-up in a war that has continued since 1937. Russia spent New Year’s Day with its troops invading a foreign territory. Great Britain, France, and Germany were waging
war as the new year turned. Here in, America the 76th Congress opens the new year with one major hope—^to keep the United
States at peace during 1940. With World War II
. . . entering its fifth month, the war cabinet of Great Britain was juggled last Friday by Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain, War Minister Leslie Hore-Belisha resigned his position after a long feud with conservative leaders over streamlining the British arniy. Oliver Stanley, president of the Board of Trade, will replace the 46 year old war minister. In October of 1938 Stanley resigned his position in Chamberlain’s cabinet because of his opposition to the Prime Minis-
ter’s appeasement program. PfesidenI' Roosevelt
.. . Wednesday delivered his message on the “State of the Nation” to Congress as the nation’s legislative body met. The President asked the Congress for a stronger national defense, financed by new taxes, , strong national unity, and a continuation of New Deal policies. The national budget presented by the President will result in the lowest national deficit since 1932, calling for a slash of 675 million dollars from the current budget. According to the budget presented, the Federal Government will spend a little less than eight and one-half billion dollars during the coming fis-
cal year.
President Roosevelt asked Congress to authorize the assessment of 460 million dollars in additional taxes to meet national defense
spending.
Attorney General ... Frank Murphy was named by President Roosevelt last week to fill the Supreme Court vacancy causec^jy the death of Justice Pierce Butler last November. Murphy is the fifth high ’court appointee Of the President, and is one of the youngest appointees in recent years. Roosevelt named Solicitor General Robert Jackson to fill the cabinet' vacancy. Judge Francis Biddle, of the third United States Circuit Court of Appeals, will replace Jackson as Solicitor General. Finnish Troops . . . the past week were reported to have completely wiped out the 163rd division of the Russian invading army in the vicinity of Lake Kianta in concerted infantry and air attacks. Finnish military^ officials report that over 16 thousand Soviet infantrymen were killed as bombs were dropped on troops encircled on the frozen lake ice. Much artillery and war supplies were captured after a few surviving Russians attempted to fight their way out of the circle of Finnish snipers. Finnish ski troops skied into Russian territory Friday, cutting across fhe Mui'mansk railway, the Red army s only life-line to troops in Finland, several times. Following A Series . . of decisive defeats at the hands of Finnish ski troops the Russian high command is reported massing 160,000 troops for an attempted knockout blow at the Finnish Mannerheim line. The troops are said to be Siberian. Lord Lothian ... British ambassador to the United States, said la:st week that British and French military officials are expecting a major offensive ‘by land, sea, and air next spring. The ambassador said that it was either a case pf world empire or downfall for the Nazi government, and that officials of the two countries believed that der Feuhrer would follow the example of General Ludendorff, during March of ’18, when (Continued on page 4)
Eames Will Lecture This Afternoon On Wagnerian Opera Selections from Richard Wagner’s “The Ring of the Niblelungs” will be the theme of the lecture recital given by Dr. Henry PurnTort Eames, famous professor of the musical art and aesthetics this aftei’noon at 4 o’clock in the Union
ballroom. •
This will be Dr. Eames’ second appearance on our campus. His international fame has been based on years of piano playing, composing, and stimulating talks on music and the comrade arts. Dr. Eames studied Under Ignace Paderewski in Europe and was for five years the official lecturer for the Chicago Civic Opera. He is now associated with Scripps and Claremont Graduate Colleges in California. Dr. Eames has been brought to the campus through the auspices of the Lectures and Convocations Com-
mittee.
Dr. Eames will fii'st speak on the meaning of the music of this Wagnerian opus, later illustrating the discussion with several piano selections on the following program:
Program
Storm scene and Entrance of the Gods into Valhalla ...Rhinegold. Siegmund’s Love Song—Valky-
rie.
Siegfied Forging the Sword— Siegfried. Song of the Forest Bird—Siegfried. Morning Dawn and Siegfried’s Rhine Journey—Dusk of the Gods. . Siegfried’s Death Music—Dusk of the Gods. Wotan’s Farewell and Magic Fire Scene—Valkyrie.
Technical
... Information Engineer C. E. Lamarche of the Department of Roads at Quebec, Canada, has asked for 45 copies of the lak Road Schbol Proceedings for distribution among the road engnieers of the Province of Quebec.
Hot Weather Is On The Way; It's Only A Matter Of Time Spring is on the way! The day before yesterday, when you rolled out of bed, or did you sleep in an ice box that night, in time to make your eight o’clock, the thermometer registered 12 below zero. Yesterday morning it was only five below, and sometime about the middle of yesterday afternoon, the temperature soared to a sweltering 21 degrees above. Recourse to dusty astronomical tomes provides the information that the winter equinox has been passed and that days are now steadily growing longer—and warmer. Therefore, since an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure (and much easier to ignore), a little advice on heat prostration is now timely. Simply keep in the shade and drink lots of iced tea. But winter will come again next year, so don’t throw your red flannels to the moths. WAA Will Sponsor Technicolor Movie Tuesday In Shops “Winter $ports at Sun galley,” a technicolor movie of the fashionable Idaho resort, will be shown to the physical education students next Tuesday and Wednesday afternoons, January 8 and 9, in room 101 of the Michael Golden Shops. The picture is being sponsored by the women’s physical education department. This film, which has been obtained from the Union Pacific Railroad, will portray action scenes of several of the winter sports enjoyed by Sun Valley vacationers and will especially emphasize skiing and ice skating. , Showings of the picture will be given at 3, 4 and 7:30 p. m. on Tuesday; and 3 and 4 o’clock on Wednesday. Attendance at, one of these times will be required of all physical education students, which will count as a regular class meeting. There will be no admittance charge to see this movie. Dr. Alma Long . . . Research Specialist in Home Economics Education in the Division of Education and Applied Psychology is scheduled to read a paper on “Som.e Implications from Results of Research in Hpme Economics Educations” at the meeting of the American Academy of Science in Columbus, Ohio.
Riveters Tame Wildcats 40-29 In Big 10 Opener
Annual Ag Meeting Registration Starts Tomorrow At 10 Hoosier farm folk, 10,000 strong, from every Indiana county, will invade the campus tomorrow for the 38th annual University agriculture conference. Registration will begin at 10 a. m. in the Memorial Union; the conference will run through Saturday, January 13. Principal speakers for Monday’s program will be President Edward C. Elliott and Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, of the University faculty, whose subject will be “Democracy in the Home.” The six day daily conference program will consist of sectional meetings each morning and afternobn. Sectional Meetings All morning sessions will adjourn at 11, and afternoon meetings will start at 12 :30. The various sectional meetings will coyer the phases of farm life and farm management, including such topics as agricultural engineering, agronomy, bee keeping, botany, entomology, dairy, farm management, forestry, horticulture, livestock, and poultry. — In conjunction with the conference, 22 different state agriculture associations will hold their annual meetings on the campus. Other sidelights will include the annual state corn and small grain show, the 4-H club selection of the Indiana king and crown prince of corn for 1939, and exhibits and demonstrations of farm machinery, farming and farm homemaking processes. Comedy Tomorrow Tomorrow night two comedy plays will be presented for the visiting agriculturists by the Playshop Lab Group. The University symphonic band will present a concert Tuesday evening, and Wednesday’s entertainment program will be featured by a music festival under the direction of A. P. Stewart, University director of choral music. The Indiana Corn Growers association and fann electrification conference 40th anniversary banquet tomorrow night will be the first in a program of 27 banquets, and luncheons scheduled for various groups throughout the week.
Igney, Sprawl Spark Purdue As Boilermakers Upset NW Northwestern’s Wildcat basketball squad, undefeated in its non-conference basketball games and victorous over the powerful Notre Dame quintet didn’t have enough net ability to offer to stop Purdue’s improving cage machine that deluged the Evanston club 40-29 on alert play that swept the host five to a surprise defeat. Purdue led at the midway 18-6. Northwestern, the pre-game fa-
Kiwanis Club Elects Rev. Jos. B. Gleason As New President Succeeding V. C. Freeman, Rev. Joseph B. Gleason was installed as president of the Lafayette Kiwanis Club last Thursday evening at the annual installation banquet held in the ballroom of the Union. Professor C. S. Doan performed the installation ceremonies. other officers taking office were Rabbi Meyer H. Simon, vice president; R. Schnaible, treasure!*, and A. L. Pyke, secretary. D. P. Calvert, F. C. Dobelbower, S. P. Heemstern, H. B. Kahle, Doyle Mullen, G. D. Scarseth, and G. W. Sample took positions on the board of directors. Uharles Swayzee of Logansport, Kiwanis lieutenant governor for this region addressed the group.
Blanket Hop January 13 Michael Hauer’s orchestra, from Dayton, O., will furnish the music for the annual P-Men’s blanket hop in the Union ballroom at 9 p. m.,
Saturday, January 13.
The dance will; be strictly informal and the proceeds will be used to buy athletic blanket awards. A king and queen of the dance will be
elected by popular ballot.
Tickets are one dollar and may be purchased at Union ' Deac’s, Southworth’s, and fre
P-Men.
If You Can Get Sixty Of These You Are Better Than Most
How many consider themselves well versed in the world news of the past year? According to Prof. 0. F. Hall, of fhe history, economics, and government department, anyone who can identify at least sixty of the following hundred prominent newsmakers of 1939 is good—most students can’t do so. For the past ten years Prof. Hall has assembled such a list and presented it immediately after the Christmas holidays to his classes, testing their knowledge of the headliners of the preceding year. Last year few students could identify such names as Howard Hughes and Herman B. Wells, while all 400 students in Hall’s socialogy 50 classes were able to identify the Lambeth Walk. In past years Shirley Temple, the Big Apple, and Amelia Earhart have received the honors of unanimous recognition. In case you are feeling particularly good at names, here are the names that kept tongues wagging during 1939. Answers will appear
on page four.
The following names and phrases figured prominently in the news for 1939. In fewest words possible in-
dicate each.
1
newsmaking connections of
Adler, Cyrus
2. America in Midpassage 3. Anderson; Marian 4. Arnold, Thurman W. 5. Asch, Sholem
6. Athenia 7. Barcelona
8. Belden, Albert D. 9. Bigelow, Herbert S. 10. Billings, Warren K. 11. Bloom, Sol
12. Bremen
13. Brest-Litovsk 14. Bridges, Harry 15. Broun, Heywood 16. Browder, Earl 17. Butler, Pierce 18. Buttrick, George A. 19. Byrd, Richard E. 20. Cabot, Richard C. 21. Carpenter, George L. 22. Challendon 23. City of Flint 24. Churchill, Winston 25. Cohan, George M. 26. Crosley, Powell Jr.
27. Daladier
28. Danzig and the CoiTidor 29. Dickinson, L. D. 30. Dies, Martin 31. Doherty, He^iry L. 32. Donat, RobeH
33. Douglas, William 0. 34. Edison, Charles 35. Fleischer, Max 36. Frank, Jerome 37. Frankfurter, Felix 38. Gale, Zona 39. Galento, Tony 40. Gehrig, Lou 41. Graf Spee 42. Grew, Joseph 4’. Guam 44. Gunther, John 45. Hague, Frank 46. Halliburton, Richard 47. Hart, Liddell 48. Heil, Julius P. 49. Henderson, Leon 50. Hopkins, Harry L. 61. Holm and Rose 62. Jameson, Betty 53. “Jimmy’s Publicity” 54. Johnstown 56. Keating, John 66. Kelly, Raymond 57. Kinnick, Nile 58. Kreisler, Fritz 59. Kremlin 60. Krock, Arthur 61. Kuhn, Fritz 62. Labor’s Duelers 63. Langsdorff, Hans 64. Leigh, Vivien 66. Lie, Jonas // 66. “Little Miss Christmas”
67. Lothian = »;; 68. Manton, Martin Thomas 69. Marble, Alice 70. Marshall, George C. 71. Maverick, Maury 72. Mayo, Charles and William J. 73. Molotov 74. Mooney’s Maladjustment 75. Moral Rearmament 76. Morrow, Mrs. Dwight W. 77. Moseley, George H. 78. Nelson, Byron ’ 79.. Ohio’s Approbrium . 80. Okies ' 81. Panorama of Progress 82. Pendergast, Thomas J. 83. Reed, Philip D. 84. Ribbentrop 86. Royal Visitors 86. Sayre, Francis 87. Scapa Flow 88. September 1 89. Sibelius, Jan 90. Simon, John 91. Smith, James Monroe 92. Steinbeck, John 93. Stettenius, E. R. 94. Taylor, Myi*on C. 95. Thanksgiving 96. The Ghost of Versailles 97. The Greatest Rumor 98. The Major Church Merger 99. Wilkie, Wendell 100. Wilson, Charles E.
vorite, due to its season record and the remarkable goal-hawk, Klein, was no match for the boys answering to the names of Igney and Sprowl. Igney’s two long heaves that rolled down the chimney with nai*ry a swish and Sprowl’s deadly long-distance accuracy took about all the pre-game confidence out of the Cats. Igney and Sprowl’s field efforts were aided by the charity line tosses of Beretta, Fisher, and Yeager. Second Half Spurt As the half started, the appearance of the N. U. squad gave indications that Lonborg, the Wildcat’s mentor, had given the host five a tongue lashing that would send them into inferno dead-eye dicks, and that it did, coming within one point of overtaking the Boilermak- ■ ers in the first eight minutes of the second half with the score at 20-19, but at this point Igney, Beretta, and Fisher became accelerated and Northwestern’s threat was swept into oblivion. As the half started Butherus, N. U. forward, and Shepard began dumping fielders fi’om all oyer the fioor to bring the Wildcats to a score of 17 digits, and the Boilermaker’s still possessed their total of 19. At this point Yeager made good from the charity line, but Vance, the Evanston team’s captain, kept his team within shooting distance of the BoUermakers, but with the count standing at 20-19, Igney hit from the side, Beretta sounded off from the dead center, and Fisher dribbled through the home boys for two more, and the Gold and Blacks were definitely on the rampage, never to be headed or neared.
Purdue (40)
B
F
P
11
Spi'owl, f
4
3
2
Igney, f :...
3
1
0
Fisher, c
2
3
2
Beretta, g
1
3
2
Yeager, g
3
a
t
Caress, g
0-
2
Blanken, f
2
0
1
Vernon, g
,0
0
1
Tierney, g
....:.:...-l
1
1
Totals :
13
14
14
Northwestern (29) B Harman, f 0 Melchior, f -0 Kruger, f ...2 Klein, c 2 Vance, g 2 Shepard, g ...3 Butherus, f !...... 2 Brooks, g 0 Welsh, f 0 Totals 11
10
Ringland, Ag'42, Dies During Xmas Recess Robert Paul Ringland, Ag ’42, died at the Jewish hospital in Norwood, Ohio, his home town, December 20. He had been sufferihg from Hotchkins Disease for several years. In addition to his piWfeati:>;]k« i§' sm-vived by two brothers and a sister. One of his brothers gradusited from the University with a BSEE degree in 1936,■W *4 iiSwi'i-rt J *■=■ ■■ ft x ■■ ■■-'*•' '■ ■ ^ '-ip' ■' ■ I .■ ■, V ^ -V#- * ;■' ■» I iff I
P
i
'5 -'i!
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday. January 7i 1940
But
By Petrov We’re back on location again, bringing with us a note of true hospitality, a,very fine hotel advertisement which read: 500 ROOMS WITH BATH All Outside :}: ^ While we’re generalizing on this sort of thing, we may as well mention another item that caught our fancy. It was the label on a box containing, of all things, a sink faucet. The label proudly announced: This box contains ONE COMBINATION SINK FAUCET with top spout metal dish and handles, removable seat, CHROME PLATED * . * =|! • \ . Wouldn’t mohair be more appropriate? * If you all are truly loyal to your school, this little tale of how Purdue’s fame can spread far and wide will warm the cockles of your heart. When we were coming back from our vacation in the South we got to talking to a dining car steward who asked us where we were from. We said, with a proud lift of our aching head, that we were from Purdue, at which point the steward in question glowed nicely and said, oh yes, he had just encountered some southbound Purdue students. Further investigation pi'oved that he had stewarded the Purdue Union officials on their way to the Union convention, and that they were, according to our stew-ard-friend, a very nice bunch of young men and women. He kept telling us over and over what a nice school it must be, and then obviously referring to our first man and woman of the Union he said it was a tender sight to see that short, dark young man turn lovesick eyes on that pretty little blonde. Well, Purdue has to be famous for something, and this is something to build on. * sH >}: This “cockles of your heart” stuff that we rung in on you a few paragraphs ago sounded right when we wrote it, and we’re sure we’ve heard it before, but just to mane sure we looked up “cockles” in our dictionary. It’s defined as: 1. Any of certain bivalve mollusks (Cardium or allied genera), esp. the common edible European species (C. edule). The shell has convex radially ribbed valves.
Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the. regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. , Editorial Board R. E. Insley Editor-In-Chief W. E. Smith Business Manager D. 6.' Terrlo... Editorial Director G. W. Frederick .....; Managing Editor E. M. Antoninl Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling.... Co-ed Editor R. Jenkins. Sports Editor Junior Staff Sports Editorial Business J. P. Dolan R. F. DeHoo'g R. Fisher - S. D. Marquis R. W. Donahue R. Hail M. M. Richards D.K. Heiple . A. Hite Co-ed J. H. McKee ’ M. Hagemeyer M. Burtsfield M. L. Miers T. Petty G. Carroll J. C. Willsey G. Cox, Sec. ^ B. Simpson D. J. Henninger, Art Director Editorial Sophomores: Carpenter, Fletcher, Heaton^ Kennedy, Mueller, Ochiltree, Parks, Purcell, Ruffner, Skallerup, Smith, Traugotf. Co-ed Sophomores: Mary Bailey, Regina Baker, Ann Beard, Mary Jane Bird, Betty Campbell, Marjorie Couter, Pat Flint, Marguerite Funkhouser, Erma Irwin, Florence Justin, Maeta Kaplan, Ester ,Kirkhoff, Mary Kay Miller, Jean Ann McCIintock, Mary Pldgen, Ruth Rose, Donna Seiss, Helen Stallings, Tad Stiers.
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
REPRBSBNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AVE. New York. N.Y. CHICAGO • Boston • Los Angeles • San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—Willsey Issue Editor—Mueller Sunday, January 7, 1940
2. A cockleshell. ' 3. A shallow boat. 4. A confection of flour and sugar. None of these is a vex*y handy thing to have on your heart, but we’ll settle for number 4. And see if we can clear the whole thing up with a bicarb.
If You Weren't Here Did you know that if our Field house was filled with hay it would feed lYz horses for 44 years. Statistics by the compliments of Henry Miller, * * !|< It happened at dinner at a certain sorority house. The house mother was asking, “Do you care for coffee, Rose?” “Yes, please.” “Do you care for coffee, Helen?” ‘No, thank you.” Down the line the house mother went. Finally she came to one young miss who was sunk in reverie. ”Do you care for coffee?” the house mother asked. “No—I care for Jerry,” was the dreamy reply. The coffee wasn’t nearly as hot as her cheeks —The Ohio State Lantern.
There are some girls who put their lipstick to good use. A Michigan State co-ed, in the process of taking an examination, ran out of
ink. What did she do? Calmly reached into her purse, pulled out her lipstick and finished her blue book. Love and kisses to the professor. * * SAD STORY I packed my books and clothes and things And traveled off to school I learned the battles, dates and kings And never broke a rule. The tests and labs I shouldn’t mind I do the best I can. But a home-town blonde, the “but dumb” kind Has went and swiped my man. —The Indiana Daily Student. Something we have missed at registration. A professor fitting be-
IHnd the table on the landing of the gym stairs, calling out to the cash customers coming down, “Home Ec Girls, give us your pink slips!”— Iowa State Daily Student. * * iR A news story in the Oklahoma Daily ran with this head, “Frat Pin Brings 15 Cents in Trade.” The story goes on to explain that a Kappa Sigma fraternity pin was stolen and traded in for a 15 cent can of grapefruit juice at a local “fence.” If any of you girls have ideas as to collecting these ornamental charms don’t count on too much income from the pawn shop.
Subscribe To The Exponent
ARC
— TODAY - MONDAY
FAY BAINTER • IDA LUPINO — AND —
Cecil B. DeMille's UNION PACIFIC
Barbara Stanwyck • Joel McCrea TaniirofJ -. Robert f/estqn * iynne Okenrian. Brian Ponlekjf* Produced and DirecieHy Ce.cil-p. OeMille
— ALSO — 'POPEYE” CARTOON
STUDENTS! !t IT’S GOT RHYTHM!.. IT’S GOT ROMANCE!., IT’S GOT WHOOSH AND WHAM AND WHEE! —and with all those great screen and radio names it's got I whdt it takes to moke “Wei of thd gVcindest entertainments you ever saw on our screen .. . STORY, MUSIC, LAUGHS— SENSATIONAL!
MAY ROBSON LUCiarBA^L DENNIS O’KEEFE \ EDWARD EVERETT IjlORTON ^ ROSCOE KARNS MORONI OLSEf; and KAY KYSER'S BAI^ featuring GINNY SIMMS •HARRY BABBifT SULLY MASON • ISH KABIBBLE and “The College ef Musical Knowledge"
MaiiI
RKO RADIO Picture
NOW SHOWING
£iha)L. £djHA, By Hank Miller
Chase and. Sanborn’s Hour will become a half hotir tonight and hereafter and will carry on minus Don Ameche and Hdirothy Lainbur. Carrying on will be Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy^ Donald bixon and Robert Armbruster’s orchestra. It neemn too bad for snch a fine shb# to be cut in Icblgth and quality especially since it won one of the top radio awards of the year. Guests tonight will be Wallace Beery and Vere Vague. • —e-e— Changing time today is the “Meet the Band” show which comes through WBBM, Chicago. Sponsored by Dodge, the show formerly came on at 12:30 but starting today will be heard from 1 to 1:30 p. m. The band for today is that of Maestro Jack Russell. •—e-e—^ Riding on the Fitch Bandwagon tonight at 6:30 on WMAQ, will be Shep Fields and his Rippling (called crippled by some)' Rhythm orchestra. Another time change will go into effect tonight on the “One Man’s Family,” dramatic show. It will he aired one half hour later, 7:30 to 8 instead of 7 p. m. as formerly. —e-e— Lovers of the tune “Does Your Heart Beat For Me” will have a chance to hear the orchestra that popularized it tonight from 10:05 to 10:15 over NBC’s Red network. It will probably ejome through WMAQ or WLW. .—6"C' Luncheon Dance time over WBAA tomorrow at 12:30 will feature a transcription of Anson Weeks’ orchestra cut Friday night in the ballroom as the band played for the Cary Club Formal. —e-e— Tomorrow night on WMAQ, Sammy Kaye will play his second “Sensations in Swing” program. Last
Gilbert E. Brown ... forestry ’36, has been appointed Assistant Extension Forester of New York State with headquarters at Cornell University, After graduation. Brown spent two years with the Goodyear Rubber Company in Monrovia, Liberia, Africa. Following his return, he studied a year at Yale University.
week he replaced Larry Clinton on the show. Incidentally, this is Kaye’s first commercial show. —e-e— A show that is rapidly gaining in popularity and rightly so, is that of Alec Templeton which is aired over WMAQ at 8:30 on Monday evenings. Tonight he will play a special arrangement of Broadway Rhythm as a salute to New York since this is his first show in the big city. J Alec is rapidly becoming recognized as a composer of popular songs as well as pianist. Last week He had Tommy Dorsey on his show and presented him with a new tune that he had written arid dedicated to him called “Sentimentel Tone“ Tommy likes it so well that he is
goirig to write lyrics to it and publish it. Alec has four tunes at the publishers now that will soon be off the presses and they are “Taj Mahal,” “Let Me Dream On,” “Mendelssohn Mows ’Em Down,” arid “Pardonnez Moi Madame, But Can, You Do the Rhumba.” He is busy writing three, more for the printer called “Ten Dollar Raise,” “Under a Hollywood Prilm Tree,”, and “When Is the Moment of Falling iri Love.” His tune, “Let Me . Dream On,” is one of the nicest that has hit the airlanes for a long time and in our opinion should go places.
Enough for today so 73.
M-G-M’s BIGF UN-AND-MUSIC SHOW!
ROONEir GIRURD
mm
in
CharlesWINNINSER CuyKIBBEE Oiiected by BUSBY BERKELEY
Lutm
TODAY-MONDAY
Sum WiO THE HOIISEKEEPERS DmiGHTER BUT KEEPING HOUSE - WAS NOT IN HER LINE! Hilda Didn’t Know A Pot From ~r A Pan...But What She Couldn’t
IT'S NO SECRET
that a classified ad in the Exponent will bring you good results If you want to huy—seU—swap—rent or find something use the classified column in
the Purdue Exponent
Business Phone 5038aAi J » »«» -rt ^ •^j/^ j~ti
.v7-
^Iv »i-™^
Af
Sunday, fanuary 7, 1940
£xfwmnL SfioijtA. fiaqsL
\/
Dr,. Miller, Inland Angle Champ
Pictured above is the ace fisherman of American college faculty members, our ofwn Dr. S. J. Miller, head of the Purdue student health service, holding his prize catch of
y> A SWELL NEW “FOUR DAUGHTERS” STORY ni\S^ WITH THE SAME GRAND CAST AND CHARACTERS! 'V Starring THE ‘FOUR DAUGHTERS
Priscilla Lane Rosemary Lane Lola Lane Gale Page
JOHN GARFIELD Portray* the Chareoter ol **Miokey Bordea'*a aa be appeared ia **Poar Daughter***
with Claude Rains JEFFREY LYNN • EDDIE ALBERT May Robion, Frank McHugh'Dlok Foran* Henry O'Neill
starts TODAY
eather
Bruxshu famous tubular liockey skates for men —built in ankle support and patented shu guard an exclusive feature For Men $6.25
Bruxshu white elk figure skates for women— wool lined shoe—sheep lined tongue The same style as used by Sonja Heine. For Women $7.50
This cold wind will not be able to get at you if you Wear one of our leather jackets. It is the ideal thing to wear on the campus and for skating. For men and women.
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
Phone 6437
last summer. Whatta i'iah This monster gave Doc a whale of a battle, putting up a fight that lasted an hour and ten minutes. It weighed 46 pounds, measured 61.6 inches long, and 22.5 inches in girth. At one time during the fight between Doc and the fish, the catch jumped four and one-half feet out of the water. Before going to Canada last summer, Dr. Miller was the possessor of the largest fish caught in America’s inland lakes during the previous summer (’38), but Doc, a- sportsman of the first water, declared he’d do better in his ’39 trip—and
the above picture shows that he did, much to the surprise of his hecklers who thought thdt Doc had fisherman’s luck in ’38. “Another,” He Says Now Doc is stating that he’ll bring back another—this time bigger and better—next September. We laughed at Doc’s prognostications following ’38; so we won’t make any digressions about his present words “out of season.” The group above consists of, left to right: Mr. L. S. Dixon, Mrs. L. S. Dixon, Dr. Miller and his monster, Mrs. S.'j. Miller and son, S. J. Miller, Jr.
T
Fielder’s Choice by Robert J. Deckard Being a sports columnist for a newspaper is no easy pickings, my dear readers. . . . Even though your opinions are firmly backed up with facts, figures, good logic, or what-have-you, you are always open to some sort of sharp criticisms.. . . Your most clear interpretations of events are subject to torrid quarreling, which often results in some bickering back and forth. . . . But this happens to be the lot of the columnist. —fc
Joe Benna, Former Golden Glove Champion, Is Busy Coaching Riveter Boxers; New Rule Favors Novices Eleven years of Golden Gloves and gaining in popularity with the passing of each season.... That’s the slogan that could well be adopted by Lafayette’s American Legion Post No. 11, the local organization that sponsors the annual tournament for pugilistic amateurs. The Lafayette society of World War veterans were the first in the country sponsoring organization to award prizes in the form of jackets to the lads that competed, but this season the local post takes another drastic initiative by barring any former golden glover who has made three trips to Chicago, that is those who have won the Lafayette championship in a division three times, thus accentuating the amateurism of the movement and the desire for affording The newcomers and youngsters a detour from the psychological set-back of facing a veteran.
the past season, a huge Muskie. This mammouth inland lake fish was captured by Dr. Miller from the waters of Quill Lake in Ontario, Canada, during August of
For example, to show our readers what a columnist sometimes is up against and how he may get in a bit of hot water, take a look at the following situation: Recently, we wrote an FC for jre Expo concerning one Mr. Tom Harmon, “No. 1 footballer of the nation,” according to a news magazine, and “half-point - a - minute” halfback who hails from Michigan University. —^fc— It seems that Hai mon supposedly wrote to a Chicago newspaper, telling proper officials to measure him for his uniform for the 1941 AllStar football game at Chicago’s Soldiers Field.... We thought that was sour as last year’s cider; so out came an FC, blasting away at Harmon for his “nerve, audacity, or just plain ole intestinal fortitude.” Also, Mr. Harmon did some other lather peculiar things relative to this matte:^ but the above paragraph will help to illustrate our point. —^fc— In the meantime, one of Harmon’s friends ^ho gqes to Purdue clipped out our column and sent it to “our hero,” who, in turn, barreled out a letter, trying to clear himself of these accusations. . . . We were handed the letter and got a nice little pep talk from the guy who, trying to convince us that Harmon was “this-’n-that,” received it. . . . We are an obstinate cuss, so just decided to let things slide ’till we heard from Harmon. . . . After all, what Harmon said to this guy wasn’t any of our business. We figured that Harmon would eventually reach us by some communication, and, sure enough, a letter from the Michigan pigskinner got to us over the vacation.
The letter seemed to be convincing and impressed us deeply. Harmon said, “The supposed stories are false and there is not a bit of truth in any of them. . . ” He went on to say that Purdue had a “soft spot in his heart . . . I have a good number of friends there. . . .” Then he wrote he almost entered Purdue, but didn’t say why he didn’t. . . Frankly, readeis, we found out why. —^fc— Closing his letter, Harmon wrote: “Well, Bob, I have given you the dope and I hope you’ll correct the stories because my only hope is that I’ll never be called ‘conceited’.” —^fc— Then he added modestly: “It takes 11 boys to win games and I’m just one of the boys.” That touched us deeply, ladies and gentlemen. —^fc— Well, we didn’t know what to do about the letter.... It seemed to be straight stuff... So we gabbed with a couple of the boys, and finally decided to drop Harmon a line, hoping to get this matter straightened out.. . . After all, it shouldn’t hang out in mid air, until it rots more than it already has. '' —^fc— There you are, dear readers . . . This IS just one example of the plight of a columnist . . . Confidentially, we love it. —^fc— Post script—If Tom Harmon reads this, notice. . . . Your handwriting for a big, husky, football man is sump’n. . . . And has it improved! . . . Since your first lettef concerning this affair, you’ve undoubtedly taken a course in penmanship. . . Or else you’ve gbt a gal who writes beautifully.
Award Jackets For years the battles for these popular awards have been keenly fought. Only eight young men can emerge each year with the Golden Gloves championship, but nearly 100 others can come out of the tourney with a fine jacket to show one and all that they were victorious in at least one fight. Can’t Be a Quitter That’s all you have to do to win a 1940 jacket . . . win one bout . . . and of course, finish your part in the tournament. Naturally those who win their first bout and then withdraw from the tourney will not be eligible. Those who are entering the meet for the first time will have as fine a chance to win a jacket award as veterans. The novice ar-" rangement guarantees this. Newcomers will be pitted against newcomers in the first round. After a novice has won his first bout he will be moved into the open class and will get a chance to fight for one of the eight championships. Purdue Is Popular In the local American Legion Golden Gloves, the team that represents Purdue each year has more than won the admiration of the Lafayette fans due to its remarkable staying ability and its virile sportsmanship so deeply imbedded in it by its coach, Punchie Maxwell. Although Punchie Maxwell is not handling the squad this year for the Boilermakers, a lad who believes in sportsmanship before victory, Joe Benna, National Golden Glove middleweight champion in 1938, is coaching the present Boilermaker leather tossers with the same spiiit that Maxwell sought to indoctrinate in all Gold and Black weaiers who entered a ring. Purdue Vets Out With the new ruling of “three years a champion and you graduate,” such Boilermaker ring stars as Benna, Lawi’ence Lyles, 175 pound title holder, Allan Dilts and Steve Bacharach are barred from the local tourney, but Joe Benna is confident fils'few veterans and former high school boxers will give Purdue point getters. Prospective entrants are again
leminded that they have a much better opportunity to succeed this year than ever befoie. All former champions who have won three or more titles are barred from 1940 competition. This new ruling makes at least a dozen of the greatest veterans in the history of the tourney ineligible. Fill out a-Golden Gloves blank today and join the battle for Golden Gloves championships and jacket awards. Dr. Scliein Will Address Physics Honorary On Stratosphere Mesotrons Dr. Marcel Schein, of the University of Chicago, will address members of Sigma Pi Sigma, physics honorary, at 4 p. m. tomorrow in the Physics building lecture room. The subject of his lecture, which will be open to the public, will be “Mesotrons in the Stratosphere.” Prof. Schein has made numerous stratosphere flights both in airplanes and ballons during the last two yeais for the investigation of high altitude cosmic ray effects. He will describe in detail the experimental proceedings used in these experiments, and will also discuss the theoretical conclusions which can be drawn from his results.
Personnel Notes
COMPANY: Automatic Electric Company, manufacturers of automatic telephone equipment. REPRESENTATIVE: C. W. FVank. VISITING PURDUE: Thursday and Friday, January 11 and 12. INTERVIEWING: ME and EE seniors graduating this month or in June. Those interested should sign up in the main office of the EE or ME school.
u.
) S. Govt. Graded Beef
FRESH
(^aJdbfL Qjul
jtA MEATS
4* S Compare your present canned good prices with our summer purchased BIRDSEYE prices on the following bruits and Vegetables PEAS BROCCOU PEACHES ASPARAGUS CAULIFLOWER STRAWBERRIES CORN SPINACH BLUEBERRIES LIMA BEANS SQUASH RASPBERRIES s
FROZEN
BIRDSEYE
VEGETABLES
LAFAYE1 5355
TE FOOD - PHONES
) LOCKERS - 2971
„ —--
. _mi.
fe'--
In Case You Didn't Know Them Here Are The Answers
Modern Dance Movie: Iowa Sagra to be given in the library of the Women’s Gym Tuesday, January 9, at 10, 2, and 4 o’clock. All co-eds welcome. ■—KNIGHT.
I. Adler, Cyrus —Jewish rabbi, selected by Roosevelt to assist in proposing peace. , 2. America in Midpassage—book by Charles A. and Mary E. Beard. 3. Anderson, Marian—great negro singer. Sang before King George and Queen Elizabeth. 4. Arnold, Thurman W.—Former Yale professor. Now Assistant Attorney General. 5. Asch, Sholeni—author of bestseller, ‘The Nazarene.” 6. Athenia—first English ship sunk by submarine in this war. 7. Barcelona—refers to 'fall of Spain’s old government and victory of Franco. 8. Belden, Albert D.—Englishman who brought to America a petition signed by over a million asking for an economic peace conference. 9. Bigelow, Herbert S.—promoter of Ohio’s old age pension scheme. 10. Billings, Warren K.—Mooney associate released from California prisons after twenty-thi'ee years. II. Bloom, Sol—N. Y. Congressman. Sponsored neutrality measure favored by Administi’ation. 12. Bremen—German luxury liner which evaded capture and reached port. 13. Brest-Litovsk—meeting place of German and Russian troops. 14. Bridges, Harry—radical labor leader saved from deportation by Frances Perkins. 15. Broun, Heywood—liberal columnist and news guild, leader. Died. 16. Browder, Eai'l—U. S. Communist leader. Admitted using false passpoi’t. 17. Butler, Pierce — Supreme Court member. Died. 18. Buttrick, George A.—second of two American religious leaders trying to stop the European War. 19. Byrd-, Richard E.—on his third Antarctic expedition. 20. Cabot, Richard C.—author, educator, and doctor who advocated socialized medicine; died. 21. Carpenter, George L.—commanding officer of Salvation Army, succeeding Evangeline Booth. 22. ' Challend^on—“the race horse of the year.” 23. City of Flint—American vessel captui ed by Nazis. Released by Norway. ■ 24. Churchill, Winston —^^England’s Admiralty Lord, also author. 25. Cohan, George M.—composer of “Over There,’ ’now writing present day war songs. 26. Crosley, Powell Jr.—builder of new midget Bantam cars. 27. Daladier—French'premier. 28. Danzig and the Corindor— Poland’s refusal to surrender these two to Hitler started the Nazi blitzkreig. 29. Dickinson, L. D.—Governor of Michigan. Aimed vitriolic verbal attacks on modern day morals, in connection with the Governor’s Conference held in N. Y. 30. Dies, Martin;—chairman of committee investigating radical trends in the U. S. 31. , Doherty, Henry L.—public utilities magnate. Died. 32. Donat, Robert—movie actor. Charmed America with characterization in “Goodbye, Mr. Chips.” 33. Douglas, William 0.—Former SEC Chairman. Member of Supreme Court. 34. Edison, Charles—New Secretary of the Navy. 35. Fleischer, Max—produced animated cartoon, “Guliver’s Travels.” 36. Frank, Jerome—Elected SEC Chairman. 37. Frankfurter, Felix — new member of Supreme Court. 38. Gale, Zona—novelist. Died. 39. Galento, Tony—pugilist. Displayed amazing endurance against Joe Louis. 40. Gehrig, Lou—forced by illness to abandon career as baseball’s Iron Man. 41. Graf Spee—One of Germany’s pocket battleships, disabled by British ships, and scuttled off Montevideo by own crew. 42. Grew, Joseph—popular, able American ambassador to Japan. 43. Guam—A bill for fortifications for Gaum, U. S. Pacific island possession, was defeated in Congress. 44. Gunther,: John—author of “Inside Asia.” 45. Hague, Frank —Dictatorial 'boss of Jersey City. 46. Halliburton, Richard—author lost on Chinese junk crossing Pacific. 47. Hart, Liddell—English author of “The Defense of Britain.” 48. Heil, Julius B,—^Republican governor of Wisconsin, Making
friends and enemies by stringent economy policy, - 49. Henderson, Leon—Appointed to succeed Douglas as SEC Chairman. 50. Hopkins, Harry L.—new Secretary of Commerce. 51. Holm and Rose—Star and producer of the Aquacade at New York World Fair. Manned. 52. Jameson, Betty—T Champion woman golfer. 53. Jameson, Betty — Champion of embarrassment to administration. 54. Johnstown — Horse winning Kentucky Derby. 55. Keating, John—^Irish artist whose picture, “Race of the Gael,” won New York World Fair prize. 56. Kelly, Raymond — New national commander of American Legion. 57. Kinnick, Nile — Outstanding football player. University of Iowa. 58. Kreisler, Fritz — Famous Austrian violinist making tour of United States. 59. Kremlin-—Name of palace in Moscow; emblematic of Russian foreign policy. 60. Krock, Arthur — New York Times reporter. Noted for sensational news stories he writes. 61. Kuhn, Fritz—Head of Ger-man-American Bund, convicted of embezzling organization’s funds. 62. Labor’s Duelers—The A. F. of L.-C. 1. 0. feud. 63. Langsdorff, Hans—Commander of Graf Spec; committed suicide. ■ 64. Leigh, Vivien—British actress who hgd lead in “Gone with the Wind.” 65. Lie, Jonas—American artist, . winner in World Fair exhibit. 66. “Little Miss Christmas”—refers to Christmas Eve radio ap-^ pearance of Shirley Temple. 67. Lothian—New English Ambassador to United States. 68. Manton, Martin Thomas—N. Y. Court of Appeals judge convicted of bribery. 69. Marble, Alice — Outstanding woman tennlst. 70. Marshall, George C. — New commander general of United States Army. 71. Maverick, Maury — Former Congressman. Mayor of San Antonio. Acquitted of a, charge of conspiracy. • , 72. Mayo, Charles and William J. —Famous surgeon brothers. Died. 73. Molotov—New Foreign Policy Commissar of the U. S. S. R. 74. Mooney’s Maladjustment—refers to Tom Mooney’s marital and other difficulties encountered after release from prison. 75. Moral Rearmament—Motto of the Oxford movement. 76. Morrow, Mrs. Dwight W.—• Temporary president of Smith College, 77. Moseley, George H. — Has Fascist tendencies, investigated by Dies Committee. 78. Nelson, Bryon—^ Champion golfer. 79. Ohio’s Opprobrium—refers to lack of relief in Cleveland. FDR has threatened to send army kitchens to Ohio with succour. 80. Okies — People from Okla-
homa referred to in “Gra|)es of Wrath.” 81. Panorama of Progress—Refers to two World Fairs. 82. Pendergast, Thomas J.—Boss of Kansas City, convicted of income tax evasion, 83. Reed, Philip D.—Successor of Owen D. Young in General Electric, 84. Ribbentrop — Nazi foreign minister. Co-signer of RussianGerman pact in August. 85. Royal Visitors—-Visit of King George VI and Queen Mary to America and Canada. 86. Sayre, Francis-^—New High Commissioner of Philippines. 87. Scapa Flow — British naval base, attacked by Nazis. 88. September 1—Opening date of World War 11. 89. Sibelius, Jan-—Finnish composer. Refused offers of refuge elsewhere and stayed with country in time of invasion. 90. Simon, John—British chancellor of the exchequer. 91. Smith, James Monroe—-For-mer head of Louisiana State, convicted of embezzling university funds. 92. Steinbeck, John—Author of best-seller, “Grapes of Wrath,” 93. Stettenius, E. R.—U. S. Steel chairman appointed by Roosevelt to head War Resources Board. 94. Taylor, Myron C.—U. 3. envoy to Vatican, thus resuming diplomatic relations with Pope. 95. Thanksgiving—Date was advanced one week. 96. The Ghost of Versailles—■ Phrase referring to the evil consequences of the Versailles Treaty. 97. The greatest Rumor—That England, France, Germany, and Italy .will unite against Russia. 98. The Major Church Merger— Union of three branches of the Methodist church involving eight million members. 99. Wilkie, Wendell—Young utilities magnate who negotiated sale of private companies to TVA. 100. Wilson, Charles E.—Successor of Gerard Swope in General Electric. News Of The Week (Continued from page 1) the German general Commanded a similar offensive. Montivedeo Again . . . this week was the center of .naval interest. The German tanker Tacoma submitted to internment by the Uruguayan government rather than leave the harbor as ordered. The Tacoma was ordered out of the harbor by Uruguayan officials on the grounds that the ship, having given aid to the pocket battleship, Graf spee, had assumed the status of an auxilliary naval vessel. Uniyersity Issues Visitors Guidebook For Campus Tours For the service of the 30,000 annual visitors to the University, a guidebook to the campus and the
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory ;
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Florists
• Hardware
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
• Locksmith
• Dairy Products
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUprS 209-n N. 5th St. Phone 2828
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
vicinity has recently been prepared by the University. The new guide contains a campus map together with a suggested tour outlined in red to give the visitor a vievir of the exterior of most of the campus buildings in a short time. All the buildings shown on the map are numbered and a sentence is given about each. Directions to neai’by University experimental farms are included in the guide.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Aquacade Ticket-Sellers: All money and unsold tickets must be turned in to me this Week. (1-7) —RISSER.
PIA Board: MeeMhg Monday, January 8, at 7:16 p. m. Important. Be there. —HINSHAW.
Reamer Club: No meeting Monday, January 8. Watch for a notice of a meeting later in the week. —REIIiEY. Silver Mask: Important meeting Tuesday, January 9, at 7 :30 p. m. at the Alpha Chi Rho house. All members urged to be there. Election of officers. —WEEDY.
Classified Ads FOR SALE FOR SALE—^Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented' and repaired. New portable machines as low as’ $1^.76. Supplies. C. P. Bbershoff, 606 Main street.
Purdue Engineer: The following men will report for work promptly at 4 p. m., Monday, January 8: Bard, Gerke, Neuman, Packman. —OTT.
FOR RENT QUIET ROOM in new fully insulated house. Innerspring mattress, continuous hot water; -two blocks from Union. 306 S. Grant.
Pomm: All who haven’t got keys yet do so immediately. Get them in supply room, price $1.60. - ~—REILEY.
RUSS’ RENT-A-CAR SERVICE. Phone 71644 after 6 p. m. Minimum $2.00—$2.60. All night. '
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Christian Science Organization : The regular meeting will be held Tuesday, January 9, in room C of the Union. —PRANTZREB.
Pistol Team: All interested in trying out for the pistol team are asked to report to the Armory at 4 p. m. Tuesday, January 9. —CAPT. HOLMES.
Theta Alpha Phi: Important meeting in room C of the Union at 4:30 p. m., Sunday, January 7. New members must attend, others come for short time if at all possible. —HETTEMA.
Advanced Military Students: Advanced course military students may obtain their pay checks in the main office of the Armory. Call for them at once. (1-8) —WISELOGEL. Scabbard and Blade: Those planning to attend the banquet must notify me before noon Monday, January 8, at Alpha Chi Rho house. Those planning to attend note that banquet will be formal. —HOUSTON.
SC A Board Members: Regular board meeting will be held Tuesday, January 9, at 7 :30 p. m. in the Agriculturist room of the Union. —DRABENSTOTT.
Hillel: Regular supper meeting at 6:30 p. m. Sunday, January 7, will be followed by social evening. -—GLUCK.
Modern Dance: Important meeting of both senior and junior modern dance groups Monday, January 8, at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gym. —KNIGHT.
Silver Mask: Important meeting on Tuesday, January 9, at 7 :30 p. m. at the Alpha Chi Rho fraternity. All members are urged to be present. There will be an election of officers. -—WELDY.
' > ' Copr. 1940 by United Fefttare Syndicate, Ibe.' . f/f t Tm, Be^. 8» fn^Og.^AU rtehta reaented “But how can it be indegestion, Doctor, when all he eats is health foods?"
GENTLEMEN ! American laynders your shift's as you like to have them done! Phone us for pick-up. viie^t. American Laundry 308"5°
Turn Your ASSETS
Into. CASH by using the classified columns of the Purdue Exponent. If you want to rent or sell something you can do it best thru—
the Purdue Exponent
Business Phone 5038