.....
Noire Dame 14 Duke 33 Navy 7 Syracuse 6
Princeton 14 Columbia 7
DuquesneZO Indiana 7 Pittsbuinh 13 Illinois 6
Ohio Stale 23 Michigan 85 Yale 20 Minnesota 20 Chicago 0 Army 15
Korihwesiem 13 Wisconshi7
Purdue
Z-1S5
Volume 51, No. 37
Exponent
Simdoy. October 22, 1939
Riveters Vanquish Michigan State, 20-7
News ,21 Week
• Turkey Signs With France, Britain • Warring Subs Banned From U. S. Waters • War Debt Reaches All Time High
WAR
Turkey Swung To The Side Of
. . . the Allies this week when she signed a 15-year mutual assistance treaty. The treaty calls for mutual assistance in case of war in the Mediterranean area. Turkey will remain neutral so far as the present scope of the British and French action against Germany is concerned. But Turkey is obligated to aid the said two countries if they go to war to fulfill their guarantees of Rumanian and Greek independence. Turkey is not obligated to go to i ™ -
war against Russia. (Great Britain has not declared war against the Soviet government.) The assistance pact was signed at Ankara, the
Turkish capital, Thursday. In Berlin authorities took a grave
view of Turkey’s signature of the assistance pact. They” said that they feared the pact might cause an outbreak of general war in the Mediterranean area, as Italy’s and Rus-
sia’s interests are involved.
Finland Sent Former . . . Premier Dr. Juho Paasikivi back to Moscow for renewed negotiations expected to last at least two or three days. Paasikivi will carry Finland’s counter-proposals to the Soviet government, which are believed to include clauses to protect Finnish neutrality and independence at any cost. A second delegation may be sent, according to Paasikivi, “to give the mission more weight,” he said. Nazi Troops Moved ... against French positions Tuesday, driving French occupational troops out of German territory and occupied a bit of French soil. It is the first time French soil has been invaded since the World War. A French communique acknowledged that Germans fought their way as far as the town of Apach before they were thrown back. The Nazi attack covered a four-mile front, the main force of the push being centered in the French-German-Luxembourg sector. Prior to the attack French troops were two miles inside German territory. Scoring The First . . . admitted bomb hits on British vessels, German air bombers damaged the cruiser Southampton in an air raid over the Firth of Forth naval base last week. The cruisers Edinburgh and Mohawk were also damaged. Thirteen men were reported killed. From Berlin came word that the British cruiser Repulse was torpedoed and disabled shortly after the battleship Royal Oak was sunk. NATIONAL Warring Subs . . . v;;ere banned from American ports -early last week when President Roosevelt issued a proclamation permitting only submarines seeking help to enter the territorial waters of the United States. Submarines disabled by a storm or other “acts of God” will be permitted to enter only while running on the surface. After the 24 hours permitted by international law, belligerent vessels must leave, on the surface and with flags flying. Repeated reports of foreign submarines lurking near American shores was given as the cause of the proclamation. (Continued on page 4)
Freshman Petitions
For WSGA Posts Due Tomorrow
Petitions of freshman co-eds for candidancy for election as representatives to the ^ executive board of the Women’s Self Government Association must be filed with Ann Sickman, WRH South, by 11 p. m. tomorrow. The election will follow the conclusion of the first charm school of the year Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the women’s
lounge of the Union.
Petition must be signed by 25 freshman women, and must read; “We, the undersigned, do hereby nominate for the position of freshman representative on the WSGA executive board for first semester of the year 1939-40.” Two of the candidates will be elected. Preceding charm school program will include talks by Herb Fishbum, Student Senate head, and Paul Cooper, president of Student Union, on “What qualities make up the
perfect co-ed?”
Charm schools, sponsored by WSGA and YWCA, are open to all interested co-eds. Alice Newton and Bernadette Dygert as representatives of WSGA and YWCA, respectively, are in charge. 350 Couples . . . danced to the music of Irvan Maury at the cord dance in the Union ballroom last night.
$100 Reward (An Editorial) ... is offered on a posted University bulletin for information leading to the conviction of any person who steals University property. We would like to see that offer extended to include those persons (we hardly think they could be classified as “students”) who plastered 43’s in green paint on the front faces of both stone block-carvings which top the main Union entrance, and who painted up the Botany Lions. Such action might result in more rapid apprehension of the culprits. The painting was done early Saturday morning. When Union workers discovered the defaced carvings, they immediately covered up both blocks with canvas tarpaulins. Controller R. B. Stewart has estimated that $2,500 will be required to refinish the carvings. The oil paint has penetrated into the porous structure of the stone, ahd cannot be removed by ordinary means. The carvings will have to be cut-back about a quarter of an inch from top to bottom, to preserve their symmetry. One professor has suggested that every freshman be assessed two dollars to pay for the recarving job. However, the entire freshman class cannot be blamed for the moronic tendencies of affew perverted minds. It is difficult to realize that any person with such vandalistic nature could be representative of Purdue University. “Students” who would deface the Memorial Union building with such less-than-childish wanton destruction are certainly not University material nor the kind of men we want in Purdue. We cannot conceive of them as bearing the name “Boilermaker,” or as members of the Senior Parade three years from now. Two years ago when a group of freshmen painted “41” on the Physics building roof. Dr. Elliott called on Skull and Crescent to remove the paint. That same year the numeral appeared high on the Purdue stack during repair work, but was removed by University laborers. Those episodes were kindergarten tricks compared to the new outrage and the repercussions which it may call down from the Executive building. An administrative investigation should surely be made in an attempt to determine the identity of those responsible. Perhaps it will be possible to trace the guilt by investigating all recent purchases of green paint. If someone will uncover the persons who committed the deed, we will be glad to furnish the tar and feathers.
Reamer Club Plans Mechanical Mascot The Reamer Club started its subscription drive for money to be used in building a mechanical mascot yesterday, and received many contributions from dads, alumni, and other Purdue supporters. The drive will continue indefinitely, and all dads are urged to do their part while they are here. Contributions will be received at a table in the great hall of the Union today from 10:30 a. m. to 3 p. m.
Get Y6ur Tickets For Homecoming Students should adhere to the following schedule in turning in their coupons in exchange for tickets to the Homecoming game with Iowa November 4, according to an announcement from C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales: Seniors October 23-24 Juniors ..October 25-26 Sophomores October 27-28 Freshmen October 30-31
2nd Convo, Smo-Japanese Debate
Principals in the second University convocation lof the year are Dr. No-Yong Park, Chinese scholar, and Dr. Yutaka Minakuchi, Japanese orator and writer, who will debate on the Sino-Japanese War tomorrow night at 8 o’clock in Memorial Gymnasium. This is for tomorrow night only.
Verbal picture of the struggle for freedom and power involved in the Sino-Japanese war will be presented tomorrow night at 8 o’clock in the Memorial Gymnasium when Dr. No-Yong Park, distinguished Chinese scholar, and Dr. Yutaka Minakuchi, Japanese orator and writer, will defend the war and political policies of their respective nations. This will be the second convocation of the year. This convocation is one night only, tomorrow, and all passports and season tickets will be good for admission when presented at the entrance of Memorial Gymnasium. There will be a reception for the two debaters in the great hall of the Union immediately after the convocation. Dr. Park has a doctor of philosophy degree frbm Harvard, and is on the lecture staff of the Univeristy of Minnesota. Dr. Minakuchi was educated at the University of North Carolina and Yale, and the graduate school of Oberlin. He has been a pastor in Vermont for the past nine years.
He's The Greatest
Rankin Gets Two, Byelene One; Galvin And Brock In Fine Form A Dad’s Day crowd of 21,000 Boilermaker football fans saw the Gold and Black eleven open the home season with its first victory of the 1939 season. Dave Rankin scored two touchdowns and Mike Byelene crossed the goal line for the third while the' Spartans recovered seven points in the last period to drop their third consecutive game of the year, 20-7. As if Substantiating thC prC-game reports that the Riveters would be weakened considerably by an alarmingly increasing injury list, the team started slowly, showing few flashes of the speed and spark which it had exhibited in the Notre Dame and Minnesota glames. Late in the first half, however, Dave Rankin caught a long pass from Mike Byelene on the dead run and carried the ball down to the Spartan
six-yard line.
Following an unsuccessful pass play on the first down, quarterback Red Shackleton entei-ed the game, obviously with instructions to call for the end-around play which Coach Charley Bachman of Michigan State later remarked that his scouts had warned him of.
Rankin Scores
With less than a minute remaining in the half, on the first play after Shackleton entered the game Rankin took the ball froniaWelsch, and sprinted around right end for a touchdown. Spontaneous eruption of black derbies from the senior section on the west side of the stadium immediately followed Rankin’s touchdown jaunt. Brock’s place kick for the extra point was Motion pictures of yesterday’s game will be shown tomorrow night in the Union ballroom at 8 o’clock. Mel Taube of the coaching staff will act as narrator for the pictures and as usual, critical plays will be rerun in slow motion. good, and the Boilermakers led, 7-0,
at half time.
The same Dave Rankin crossed the goal line in the middle of ttie third quarter, with Galvin on the other end of the pass. It was first down on the Purdue 21 for the Boilermakers less than 60 seconds before the touchdown play. DeWitte swept around right end for six yards, and Brock added nine more around the other end for a first down on the Purdue 36. Rankin Again | Johnny Galvin dropped back on the next play and threw a 32-yard pass to Rankin, who caught the ball over his shoulder while closely guarded by the Michigan State secondary, and outran halfback Fred Quigley for the other 32 yards and the second Boilermaker score of the game. Bachelor blocked Brock’s try for the extra point. Winchell and Byelene cai*ried the burden of the offensive in the buildup to the last touchdown. Winchell took the ball from Mike and drove 16 yards to the Spartan eight-yard line, and added four more at center. Byelene then crossed right tackle, swung to the eastern sideline, and was hit hard but fell aci’oss the line for the third and last touchdoAvn of the game. Galvin added the extra
point.
Spartans Score A stream of replacements in the last period gave the Boilermakers a changing line-up which was spotted with players who were seeing action yesterday for the first time this year. Interference on a Crosthwaite-to-Smiley pass gave the Spartans a first down on the Pm-due 10. The same combination gave the visitors their only touchdown of the day, and a pass from Crosthwaite to Friedlund added the seventh point. Despite the absence of regulars Jack Brown and Carl Verplank. (Continued on page 3)
. . . end, both offensively and defensively, that I have ever seen in intercollegiate football; yesi he could play on any man’s football team,” said Coach Charles Bachman of the defeated Spartans after yesterday’s game in Ross-Ade Stadium, of David Rankin, Purdue’s glue-fingered left end who counted twice yesterday to help down the visitors from the Wolverine state.
Co-eds To Compete Tuesday For Lodde"
Speech Trophy
Preliminaries for , the Lodde Speech contest will be held Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock in University
Hall.
Sponsored by the Lodde Jewelry Company of Lafayette, the contest is open to any co-ed enrolled as a freshman. Entxnes should be made at the intramural debate office in University Hall, room 308, before
5 o’clock tomorrow afternoon.
Each contestant will give a fiveminute talk on one of the following subjects: “Fashion Trends at College,” “Purdue and You,” “No More Waltzes,” “The Need of College Joes,” “Cash and Carry Co-eds,” “Are Women Cats?” “Realistic and Romantic Movies,” ‘Traditions at Purdue,” “This Thing Called War.”
Dr. W. O. Lewis
. . . newly elected executive secretary of the Baptist World Alliance, will speak this evening at 7:30 in the West Lafayette Baptist Chui'ch. Lewis, world traveler and for many years a resident of Paris, was an attendant at League of Nations at Geneva, Switzerland. His address here will include a discus-
sion of world Conditions.
..V, ' ..Ik t:, ‘ ^ - ' \ ’ “ - ■' '*■ A
^:si
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday. October 22. 1939
But Incidentally— By Romanoff Alto sax men of the Boilermaker campus will find they now have a little “stiff competition” in the form of this guy Reed. Reed, convalescing in an all-inclusive plaster cast, was the victim of circumstances a few weeks ago when six of the school’s embryo musicians piflled a fast one and all went to sleep at the same time on the road from Crawfordsville.
We asked the man in the plaster cast what he did if he felt an itch coming on. He said: “I just concentrate.” We still think he ought to let Doc bore some air holes in it. * H- * Charlie Murphy’s class was just breaking in a new history book a few weeks ago . . . probably about the first of the semester . . . That’s strange. Anyway, the Professor turned over the flyleaf with the curt remark: “Now, let’s read the introduction, it may give us some ideas . . . introductions usually do.” V ^ Caught a freshman last night writing a 500-word autobiography. He got in a rut somewhere between grade school and high school . . . rambled on for some time in a frantic effoi’t to roll up 500 words. Stopping for breath, he took a quick count and dis-^ covered to his amazement that he had already topped the 500 mark. Breathed a sigh and scrawled the line: “And the next seven years passed.” * * ♦ That’s what we call economy of words . . . =H * * We met a “student” of hydraulics struggling out of the Civil building yesterday roaring something like, “I promise you . . .” with that Beau Geste atmosphere ... Hefiominates “Bear” Markoff for the meanest man contest. As far as we could gather from his frothy verbal blurtings, the Hydraulics Lab has taken on somewhat the aspect of Foit Zendernoff. We can almost see “Bear” Markoff striding up and down the aisles propping dead students up in their seats so that the atmosphere of the classroom would not be disturbed until the end of the period. “This is a problem which you have had so many, many times, and one which you will have many, many more times ... I promise you.” =■ I- H-Mustache-crazy fiosh seem to be di awing no lines this year- as to whom the unlucky victims will be. Electrical-Design-Shaik Karr nearly met with disaster this week as roving- bands of razor-wielding
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for f^S.OO per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editorial Board R. E. Insley Editor-in-Chief W. E. Smith Business Manager D. G. Terrio Editorial Director G. W. Fredericks Managing Elditor E. M. Antonini Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling Co-ed ^itor R. Jenkins Sports Editor Junior Staff Sports Editorial Business J. P. Dolan R. F. DeHoog R. Fisher S. D. Marquis R. W. Donahue R. Hall M. M. Richards D. K. Heiple A. Hite Co-ed J. H. McKee M. Hagemeyer M. Burtsileld M. L. MIers T. Petty G. Carroll J. C. Wlllsey G. Cox, Sec. B. Simpson D. J. Henninger, Art Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New YOrk. N.Y. CHICAGO • BOSTON • LOS ANGELES • SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—Willsey Issue Editor—Purcell Sunday, October 22, 1939
£jthjih ££iijLdL^ By Hank Miller Well, now that the war is over and we have shaved off the other half of our mustache ourselves, we can settle down in ease and bang out a column. To start off with, here are three feature items. —e-e— Vincent Lopez and his orchestra cut a 15-minute record Friday night wl^ile he was playing the mixer. This recording, which was made especially for use at Purdue, will be broadcast tomorrow at 12:30 on WBAA’s Luncheon Dance Time. Plans are under way to follow the same procedure for Ina Ray Hutton’s orchestra next Saturday night, the band on November 3, and the band signed to play the Military Ball. —e-e—■ Also during the evening a recording of interviews was cut for use on the College Caravan program when it returns to the air on WBAA in December. The interviews tend to bring out the pre-game spirit, and the feud between the frosh and the seniors over cords and mustaches. —e-e— This afternoon Elmer Carlquist, ME ’40, from Lake Forest, 111., will appear on the Sach’s Amateur Hour on WENR between 4 and 5 o’clock. Elmer is manager of the University Concert Choir and tenor soloist of both the choir and the Men’s Glee Club. He has successfuly passed two auditions to appear on the program which originates in Chicago. This is a competitive one in which the votes sent in by listeners determine the winner. Let’s get behind him and send in a post caid. —e-e— Tuesday evening at 7 o’clock over WMAQ on the Phillip Morris program Johnny Green’s orchestra will play a medley of three college songs, “Cheer for Old Amherst,” the Alma Mater of the University of Pittsburgh, and “For the Honor of Old Purdue.” While speaking of Phillip Morris, we might mention the P.M. football scorecast which seems to be neting many students quite a few smokes these days. Time is almost gone for
turning in forecasts, and the box for them is in the Sweetshop. —e-e— This evening at 6:30, Frankie Masters and his orchestra will be heard on the Fitch Bandwagon. A week from tonight, Hal Kemp and his orchestra will appear on the show. —e-e— Alec Templeton will present “A Fantasy for Tonette and Piano” as Mozart might have written it if there had been any tonettes in Mozart’s time. Alec defines a tonette as a “69c tin piccolo.” Alec will also present an original composition called “Mendelssohn Mows ’Em Down.” Guessing on the program on WMAQ at 8:30 p. m. Monday will be Conrad Thibaut. —e-e—• Mildred Bailye, the first artist heard on Benny Goodman’s Camel Caravan under the new guest policy, has been signed as a regular soloist and will be heard with him every Saturday night at 9 over NBC-Red. —e-e— That’s all, 73 till Tuesday. Follow Your “EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
Sixth Annual Fire School
Tomorrow’s program which opens the sixth annual Indiana fire school includes registration in room 254 of the EE building at 9 a. m., a welcoming address by A. A. Potter, dean of engineering, at 10 a. m. Afternoon schedule starts at 1:15 with James J. Duggan of South Charleston, W. Va., discussing industrial hazards and the chemistry of fire.
—ALSO — 'MICKEY MOUSE'
TODAY - MONDAY
ANNE SHIRLEl EDWARD ELLIS and SAMDELS. HINDS JANET BEECHER ltAD?0 LEON ERROL HUCE EDEN • JOHN ARCHER SetocUi throiib Jute L Uiltji’k A "Sttmny teHonpwwr' pmna i„rr—n'r-o
rhinies nabbed him in the Union building and almost whisked off that mangy cookie-duster. Some say . . . and they ought to know . . . that Marshall (Prof.) sicked the guys on this defenseless character. ^ A » While we’re on the subject of the EE school we may as well shed some more light on the mysterious case of the sleeping professor. Wow . . . what a den of suspicion. They’re all carrying aspirin tablets now just to make sure it doesn’t happen again. From the looks of all the sheepish grins on their faces they must all make a practice of dozing off during trying classroom sessions. Incidentally, who saw one of the personnel department men sawing wood at the General Electric conference in EE 129 Thursday afternoon??? It’s getting contageous. ♦ * * You probably didn’t see us at the cord parade, but we were there. ^ * * ♦ In a barrel.
TODAY - MONDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
lorna AY
Robert VMILCOX
Roger PRYOR
GRIN AND BEAR IT li
By Uchfy
Congratulations are in order for those seniors who succeeded in outsmarting or outrunning the freshmen, and can now walk the streets with their trophy sticking proudly from under their noses. B & B Seniors of Theta Chi are not made of such stern stuff. Conditions degenerated to su6h a deplorable state that they depantsed themselves to be dunked in the bird bath by the freshmen. These same timid souls shaved off their own mustaches. B & B Wanted: One blue-eyed blonde, five feet, two inches tall, with a wheeeeeeee shape for Sig Ep GARDNER. —Paid Ad. B & B . . . and here is a bit of “ed” philosophy: When a co-ed strokes a man’s hair, she is usually after his scalp. B & B After the suave swing music of Vincent Lopez, a flock of seniors took their dates home, made a few weak apologies, gave them a hurried good-night kiss, and shoved off for the Union in high gear. However, they all met at the same place —around vocalist Penny Parker. At least they walked the beautiful young lady 10 feet to the waiting bus. NBC Will Air Program From Purdue Banquet University instructors will be guests at the annual Purdue banquet to be held Friday at 5:30 p. m. at the Columbia Club in Indianapolis. Part of the evening’s program will be broadcast over the NBC network. Speakers will be President E. C. Elliott; Dr. Lillian C. Gilbreth, professor of industrial management; John T. McCutcheon, Chicago Tribune cartoonist and a University alumnus; and George Ade, also an alumnus. Albert P. Stewart will direct the University Men’s Glee Club at the banquet.
"Snodgrass must be in a bad way financially—I hear he’s been dropped from three sucker lists!” . . . my, oh my, and Ina Ray Hut- drinks breakfast this morning may
ton coming here Saturday!! B & B Him: I sure had a sore neck the other night.”
not WANT any lunch. B & B Sorry, students! That’s about all we have around here. Dig up some
Ahem: What was she sore more dirt and we’ll pick it up in the
about?”
B & B
box. There ought to be quite a bit of it floating around after the game
A word to the unwise ... He who —or I don’t know Purdue students.
Now Playing
...Tlie real life storir ot the world’s movie capital
w
w
/i
_.!//, .
IT’S A ^1
^SMASH HIT I KW n^^^A'aw'ca’sNo. e I su«u, Swing.art
new redheaded glamour (fueen ,LANATURNER!
roTYTo and
say 1939
^°uthfuJ love story!
t
i
ARTIE
» 11 ARTIE SHAW t, S. SUVAN
(t
— EXTRA — all color cartoon
Starts TODAY MRneiu%i>-‘
^^^FTZIZr
Sunday# Octolber 22. id39
£xfu>mnL SpotdA. ficufSL
Riveters Vanquish Michigan State, 20-7 (Continued from page 1)
who were replaced by Johnny Galvin and Jack Winchell in the starting lineup, the Boilermakers got the hall rolling late in the first half and maintained a high standard of performance for the remainder of the contest. Besides the usual brilliant performances of Dave Rankin, Frank Bykowski, Dick Potter, and Augie Morningstar in the line and those of Brock, Hennis, Galvin, Byelene, and DeWitte in the bachfield, there were several others who turned in decidedly encouraging games. Brock Back In Style Dave Rankin, star on defense, fast and an excellent pass receiver, was a standout. Bykowski continued to hit hard and often. Brock gave indications that his ankle will
permit full-time work. Hennis consistently executed blocks which added yardage to the Boilermaker total. Galvin and Byelene threw the passes which Rankin took in stride, and both did considerable ball carrying. DeWitte was again the powerhouse which he was in the first two games of the year. Unexpected, however, were thd vicious tackles of Basil Petry, up to this time just another center. More than satisfactory was the defensive play of Gene Britt, who left the sidelines for the first time this year in .yesterday’s game, and v^ho seems to have recovered from an early season injury. Just as valuable were the scrap and drive exhibited by Jim Miller at guard. Bill Combs at end, Frank Winchell and John Petty at fullback, and last but not least. Big Jim Welsch at left half. Welsch Tough Welsch it was who intercepted the Spartan pass, and fought his way back 20 yards before being
stopped as the half ended. It was also Welsch who piled up hunks of yardage in a varied number of ways, including a kickoff, scrim^magb plays and the intercepted pass. Standouts for the losers were Bruckner, Kennedy, Griffeth, Crosthwaite, Ketzko, Quigley, Wyman Davis, Rockenbach, Bachelor, and McRae. Quigley and Davis were dangerous ball carriers, McRae an excellent punter, Crosthwaite as good a passer and the others defensive spark plugs. Yesterday’s triumph gives the Boilermakers a one-one-one standing up to date this year. The trend, however, is upward from the 0-3 loss to Notre Dame to the 13-13 tie with the Gophers and the 20-7 win yesterday. The team leaves early next week for the west coast, where it will meet Buck Shaw’s Santa Clara eleven at ^ezar Stadium, San Francisco.'
Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings Photographers from Dexhimer-Carlon Studios. Indianapolis, are taking DEBRIS pictures in the DEBRIS Workshop, first door to the left at the top of the stairs on the second floor of the Union Building, starting at 8:00 a. m., each morning- Elvery senior has a sitting scheduled for a definite time and will receive a cord through the modltelling the exact time of the sitting. DEBRIS editors state that it is very important that each senior report to the DEBRIS Workshop at his appointed time. If it is impossible for him to be tiiere he should notify the DEBRIS office beforehand and make a different appoint* ment A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular DEBRIS pictures and is payable at the time the picture is token.
MONDAY, OCT. 23 4:15 Franklin, E. 8:00 Frazee, H. 4:20 Frederick, G. W. 4:30 Freedman, B, J. 11:25 Freeman, H. E. 4:35 Freyman, L. E. 8:05 Frieling, A. T. 1 :00 Frost, R. E. 4:40 Frye, G. R. 1 J :30 Fuente, H. A. 1 :05 Fugate, R. B. 8:15 Fullenwider, Bette 2:30 Fultz, F. G. 1 1 :40 Hirsch, L. M. 3:30 Hite, A. Lucille 4:50 Hobbs, E.G. 1:10 Hobbs, V.D 1.15 Hodges, E.M 2-35 Hotter, R A. 4-55 Hottman,JD 10.30 Hollowell, F. B. 4.05 Holmes, L. L 4:00 Holmes, R. W. 3:15 Hoover, Marjorie 8:20 Hope, J,P. 3:20 Horton, M. C. 10:25 Horton, Phyllis 2:10 Horwitz, Jeanne 1 :20 Hotler, C. F. 2:40 Hottman, Mary 2:45 House, Bonita I 1 :45 Houser, R E. 2.05 Houseworth, J. H. 1 :25 Houston, K. E. II :50 Howard, R. E. 10:35 Hubbard, J. S. 3:25 Hubu, M. C. 3:35 Huckleberry, C. 2:15 Hutt, j. W. 3:10 Hughes, V. B. 8:25 Hugles, R. M. 1 :30 Hull, Margaret 8:30 Humphreys, Janet 10:40 Hurst, F.H. 8:35 Husted, R. S. 8:40 Huston, E. 9:35 Hutchison, T, J. 9:40 Hwang, H.Y. 10:20 Neal, C. W. 2:50 Nelson, Margaret E. 9:20 Neptune, M. D. 1 :35 Nesbitt, Virginia E. 10:55 Nesius, E. C. 1:40 Nesius, L. A. 2:20 Newman, Dorothy M. 2:55 Nickey, H. E. 3:00 Nicklas, G. J. 1 :45 Nichols, R. B. 3:05 Niemeyer, Madge E. 10:00 Noblet, S. A. 1:50 North, R. M. 3:55 Nourse, Mary Lou 8:45 Obenchain, R. 1 1 :00 Oberholtzer, j. W.
7%0
9:10
O'Brien, j. E.
9:00
O'Connor, J. E.
8:50
Ogden, J. R.
10:10
Ogle, F. j.
3:40
Oliver, Mary Frances
9:05
Olsen, H. C.
10:05
O'Mahoney, j. F.
1 1 :05
Omohundro, G. A.
11:10
Orlowski, Wm.
1:55
Ott, W. R.
9:15
Overbedk, M. E.
10:15
Overbeck, W.
2:00
Oxley, P, E.
2:25
Paarlberg, D.
9:25
Paddock, R. A.
3:50
Parker, A.
8:55
Paetz, G. A.
10:45
Page, B. L.
3:45
Palley, R. L.
10:50
Pandel, C. R.
9:30^
Patterson, J. M.
11:15
Pauker, T. N.
9:45
Peck, G. S.
9:55
Peffer, W. E.
11 :20
Peigh, C. M.
11 :55
Pence, M. L.
9:50
Peterson, S. R.
4:25
Squires, R. B.
8:10
Stock, B. R.
4:10
Stoeckinger, R. F.
4:45
Stuit, J. B.
11 :35
Stule, Virginia Ann
TUESDAY, OCTOBER. 24 1 :20 Amt, J. H.
Black, Jane
Brody, Bob
Buente, Estella Carr, Mary Jane Catterall, W. E. Darr, Betty Jane
Ganzar, "P. Gipe, W
Grittin, G. S.
Grosh, Gerald G , Sr.
Hall, Ruth
Harvey, J. H Houk, W. E.
Houser, Genevieve
Huls, W. D. Hunter, L. L. Huston, A. B Kelsey, F. B. Lang, Kathryn
Leatgreen, J. W. Leet, Claud A. Leppla, John A Lochner, Charlotte
Ml lea, Victoria Nash, W. A.
11:25/ Nassau, D. ,L. 8:15 Nevin, H. W., Jr.
Noland, T. C.
Oblinger, R. L.
Olson, D. L Palikucka, G.
9:45
I 1 :40
1 ;25
1 1 :20
1 :35 3:10 3:20 2:15 2:20 1 :40 3:40 8:30 2:55
II :50 11 :05
8:10
11 :15
3:30
11:10
9:00 8:05
10:05
2:45
1 1:00
8:50
10:35 9:10 2:30 9:15
9:20 Pauder, P F. 3:15 Pinar, A. 10:10 Plank, Helen E. 4:20 Pogue, H. D. 9:30 • Pophon, R. 3:00 Potter, K Joanne 9:25 Potter, R. C. 10:15 Potts, R. E 1 1 :55 Powers, C. H. 10:20 Powers, R. 6. 2:05 Prange, F. A 1:15 Price, J 2:00 Price, Jane 4:30 Pu, Chung-Lih 10:25 Pustilla, A. 8:20 Jualls, W F 10:30 Quebe, William 4:00 Quinn, Jack 4:05 Raebel, A. F. 10:40 Raebig, Francis 8:25 Ramseyer, S. D. 8:45 Rasmusser, C. A. 4:10 Recktenwall, R. 1 1 :30 Rees, D. R 2:35 RedmoH, D E 3:35 Reed, W A 8:40 Reguly, A. M. 1 1 :35 Reichart, F. Y. 9:05 Reinhart, Grace 1 :30 Remmga, W. H. 3:25 Reising, J. P. 1 1 :45 Renner, W. D 2:25 Rethmeyer, B. D. 9:35 Reynolds, C. S. 2:10 Reiff, L. E. 8:35 Reilley, R. L 4:25 Reising, C A 12:00 Riddiford, M. S 4:35 Risinger, W. P. 4:40 Rhodehamel, H W. 4:45 Rice, D, N. 4:50 Rice, J M 3:05 Richards, M M. 4:55 Richardson, J. A. 1 :45 Robinson, Rosemary 4.15 Selkowitz, I H. 9:40 Stapleton, R A, Jr. 1 :50 Steele, Virginia 1 :05 Stewart, J. 8:00 Stradling, R E. 10:55 Strong, W. B. 1 :55 Stroup, B. L. 1 :00 Stroup, R C. 10:50 Sullivan, E. F. 9:55 Sullivan, W. T. 8:55 Swander, J. C. 10:00 Swain, J. W. 10:45 Swainson, R E. 3:55 Swansan, T. C. 3:50 Swartz, J. 3:45 Swing, L 2:50 Swinney, J. G. 2:40 Taylbr, W. F. 1:10 Voelkel, Lois 9'50 Weaver, Jane
(Dsh/ddu “QomplsdiL ^ampJUA. QooahajqsL’
iktdaftk. (^hjoixJL By Robert J. Deckard
Some 600-odd Purdue seniors sat quietly for 28 minutes and 44 seconds in the first half of yesterday's rough-and-tum-ble Boilermaker-Michigan State gridiron affair in RossAde Stadium, expecting the lucky break for the first touchdown that would give them the precedented time for tossing derbies, hats and other miscellaneous items into the atmosphere. —^fc— Finally through the collaboration of a brace of junior Boilermakers, end Dave Rankin and halfback Mike Byelene, these anxious fouryear men had their chance to dot the sky with “stuff.” And this play by these two lads was perfect, little Mike scorching the ozone with a 39-yard toss into the arms of little Dave on the MS six-yard line. —^fc— ' In order to allow Dave to add to his laurels as a pass-receiver, quarterback Allen Shackleton called on the tow-headed flankman to figure in an end-around play. Dave fulfilled the expectations of every man on the team by skirting through the backfield, taking the ball from half Jim Welsch, and scooting around right end for Purdue’s first touchdown. —^fc— Rankin duplicated his feat in the middle of the third quarter by hauling half John Galvin’s pass out of the air and scoring standing up. We might call to our readers’ attention that Dave at the^ present time is the high-point man on the Boilermaker squad, making a touchdown via the atmosphere versus Minnesota last week-end and
galling mne and catching anathcr ’ for a pait of touchdowns yesterday. ^fc— Needless to say is the fact that some other Boilermakers negotiated some smiles and praise from those who witnessed their 20-7 win over East Lansing, Michigan’s,, pride and joy. Leon DeWitte, stocky fullback, who was one of these, turned in a whale of a game, pounding the line with all of his worth. Lou Brock, right half, had a bit to say about the outcome of the battle by hooking would-be touchdownmakers who had gone through the forward wall. He also turned in a nice game offensively. —fc— As a rule, ends and backs who are on the receiving end of passes and continue down the field for six points get all of the cheers. Surely they deserve it. But the passer who throws the ball to the receiver usually has to be contented with his own work. To himself he says, “I did what I was supposed to do!” Then he walks back up the field for the next play. —^fc— Yesterday Rankin won his share of the limelight by picking those passes out of the^air. And we think that’s fine stuff. But atomic John Galvin, right half who subbed for Jack Brown in yesterday’s game, was the passer. We don’t know what he said when he threw those passes yesterday, but we do know that John deserves plenty of commendation for his efforts. So here’s to John Galvin, the boy who whipped the football down the field to Rankin for that second touchdown. And also here’s to Byelene who also whipped the football down the field to this same guy Rankin for another. Indiana 7, Illinois 6 Indiana has waited 40 years to defeat the Illini on their home field and yesterday showed that patience has its virtues, because the Hoosiers eked out a 7-6 win over the lads from Champaign.
dieJjcoL when you have a Spare Moment by playing in the GAME ROOM Cards Checkers Chess or some other indoor game.
JhsL fiwtdujL ^yyisufifufiLoL UniDfL The Corner of the Campus'— Yet the Center of Activities
Irish Beit MiiMla Beloreai.llllllFiiiis Navy and Notre Dame battled yesterday in Cleveland, Ohio^s, beautiful Municipal Stadium before 80,000 fans, and the Irish at last won one without the aid of an educated toe, defeating the midshipmen, 14-7. Notre Dame’s first score came in the second period after the Irish had swept the Navy ends like a gale on Sandy Hook. Ben Sherfdan, Irish halfback, dashed 26 yards around his own right end to score six digits and the little man who is always there, Kelleher, lacked the extra point. Not satisfied with seven points, the Ramblers scored seven more in the last play of the third period after journeying 65 yards. Piepul scored the marker- from the onefoot line, Zontini kicking the one pointer. Navy’s touchdown was the most thrilling event of the battle. In the last quarter, Navy’s left half, Leonard, tossed a 32-yard pass to Whitehead, who took the heave on the N. D. 32 and scored standing up. Michigan Definiteiy Defeats Chicago A fellow, Fielding Yost by name, who heads the athletic department of the University of Michigan, once said, “A team that runs up a big score on another is contributing a derrogatory assist to football,” but his Michigan lads yesterday forgot all about the hypothesis of Yost as they ran all over Chicago, 86-0. No, it wasn’t Harmon and company, but the Michigan squad that did it; however, Harmon and company did score five touchdowns during the second quarter, that’s all the first team was allowed to play for the Wolverines. At the end of the first quarter, Michigan’s second team had the Maroons by the horns, 21-0, and from then on, it was a track meet for the score boy and pencil sharpener for the sports writers. Duquesne 20, Pittsburgh 13 Little Duquesne, a §mall aquad of determined Pennsylvania athletes, who long have been a fly in Pittsburgh’s soup, continued to be that insect yesterday when it defeated Pitt’s great undefeated team, 21-13,
RiDE YANKEE TRAILWAYS — DIRECT TO — One Round Way Trip CHICAGO $1.95 $2.95 GARY $1.95 $2.95 VALPARAISO $1.55 $2.80 INDIANAPOLIS . ...$1.25 $2.25 LOW RATES TO DETROIT, PITTSBURGH. NEW YORK, PEORIA, ST. LOUIS, DALnrSfePik'iiS? ANGELES, AND MANY OTHER POINTS.
208 N. 5th ST.
PHONE 4475
Ebone ms
Save Mother! Let American do your lalindry and take this burden off her shoulders!
You'll be glad you did it! And you'll both like American's work. Phone for Pick-Up.
American Laundry West Side Office 132 Vhie StTHE PORDHE EXPONENT
Sunday« October 22« 1939
\
GMen Opportunity Lies In Wait For Senior Adivities Bureau Names Co-ed In Essay Contest Sponsored By Vogue Reorganized Personnel
By Donna Siess Senior co-eds, would you be interested in spending six months in Paris ? Perhaps you are determined to be a “career woman.” Or maybe you are interested in a career just to tide over the years lyitil he is earning the necessary do, re, mi. Regardless of the reason this six months in Paris or another golden opportunity may be yours if you enter the fifth annual Prix de Paris contest sponsored by Vogue maga-
Laboratory Group Tryouts Begin Today
Tryouts for the four female and eight male parts required for the two plays selected by the Playshop laboratory group for production November 10 open at 2:30 o’clock this afternoon in room C of the Union. Persons interested in backstage work are also invited to attend the tryouts. As there is no definite requirements for these positions, invitations are open to all aspirants.
News Of The Week
(Continued from page 1)
President Roosevell' . . . later in the week clarified the term “territorial waters” by explaining that they are flexible, sometimes extending only three miles and at other times extending 300 miles. International law requires a three mile limit but the President declared that in the case of the neutrality patrol the zone extends 300 miles out. In any event, however, the territorial limits are in accordance with specific cases involving safety and neutrality.
Four Navy Fliers . . . plunged to a fiery death last Thursday when two diving bombing planes crashed in mid-air. The bombers, attached to the aircraft carrier Lexington, were on practice flight near Blak mountain, a few miles northeast of San Diego, Calif., when the crash occurred. Thus the navy adds the names of Ensign Theodore Smith, Ensign Harold Pence, Chief Ordinanceman Edward Eakins, and Radioman Leland Hall to its list of “killed in line of duty” men.
BUSINESS
zine. Of the 50 leading entrants in the four previous contests, 35 are today following careers in writing, fashion, and merchandising. Flair For Fashion According to Edna Woolman Chase, editor of Vogue, the purpose of Vogue in sponsoring this contest, which is open to all college senior co-eds, is; “To discover college girls with the ability to write and a flair for fashion—and to open the door to these young women who want a career of feature writing, fashion reporting, advertising, or merchandising.” The Prix de Paris offers eight major awards. First prize is one year’s employment with Vogue, six months to be spent in Vogue’s New York office, six months in Paris, if world conditions permit; otherwise, the full period of one year will be spent in New York. Second prize is six months as a feature writer on Vogue’s New York staff. Additional Awards In addition, Vogue will purchase five of the best theses submitted. Honorable mentions will be awarded to other outstanding contestants, and winners of these awards will be put in touch with leading firms throughout the country. With the training co-eds receive in the University home economics department and their natural ability, some of our seniors should be able to make^a good showing. Full particulars may be obtained from Miss Ruth Houghton, of the placement department for women. So, co-eds, why not enter the contest and perhaps be numbered among our famous alumnae ?
University Activities Bureau will effect a complete reorganization of its personnel, according to the organization’s director, Althea Jorganson. Special staffs have been formed for various separate lines of work. A meeting of the entire staff will be held tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the Union office of the Activities Bu-
KOTICES
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Bowline and Game Room Staff: The following please meet in Union office at 4 p. m. Monday, October 23: Todd, Spieth, Sacksteder, Hawkins, Fitch, Avery, Jacobs, Kemper, Betounes, Wallace, Wolff, Schalck, Merrill, Kennedy. —BROOKS.
Strong Charges . . . against the administration were made last week as the embargo debate appeared at an end. West Virginia’s Senator Holt unleashed his oratory, charging that the United States was bound to help the empires because of treaties entered into secretly by President Roosevelt recently.
Tau Epsilon Phi
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following; Arthur L. Brownstein, New York; Norman J. Applebaun, New York; Albert S. Katz, South Bend; Alex Lipchak, New York; Mitchel Bradie, Long Island, N, Y.; Isadore Swedarsky. South Bend; Sam Gerson, Toledo, 0.; Alan E. Arkin, Chicago, 111.; Howard W. Shlefstein, New York; and Robert Kahn, Indianapolis.
An All Time High . . . was set for the national war debt last week as the federal debt soared to $40,963,392,881. The debt jumped $68,000,000 in one day principally because of the treasury’s sale of $160,000,000 worth of 91day discoxmt bills last week when only approximately $100,000,000 worth of the similar obligations were due and needed replacement. Secretary Morgenthau announced that the borrowing was intended to replenish the treasury’s cash working balance, now $1,266,000,000, and keep it at a size which would permit the treasury to avoid financing in times when war might make financing difficult.
PHONE 6302
For Isiformation 6302
FOUR BROADWAY STAGE PLAYS
NOV. 18 "WHAT A LIFE" DEC. 9 "ON BORROWED TIME' FEB. 10 "GOLDEN BOY" APRIL 13 "HEDDA GABLER"
o
ALL STAR CAST
o
SEASON RESERVATIONS — NOW ON SALE —ORDER NOW TO OBTAIN CHOICE SEATS— PURCHASE SEASON RESERVATIONS AND SAVE
France In An Effort ... to strengthen her transportation facilities has ordered approximately 6,000 new trucks from the United States. One large company has reported to have taken orders for 2,000 two and a half ton trucks with the value of about $3,500,000. Delivery is to be completed some time the first quarter of next year. It was stated that cash would be paid for the material on delivery. Airplane Makers . . . reported a large gain in the total recepits of sales the first nine months this year as compared with the first nine months last year. North American Aviation, Inc., reported earnings for the first three quarters of this year to be $5,049,617 as compared with $1,04,491 last year.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
• Florists
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St Phone 4354
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Locksmith
• Dairy Products
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
M. E. MOREHOUSE ^ DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Reamer Clnb: Regular meeting Monday night at 8 o’clock. Pledges report at 8:30. Those who haven’t turned in their basketball coupons tring them. —REIUBY
Pi Tan Sigma Pledges: Meet at Sigma Chi fraternity promptly at 7:80 p. m. Tuesday, October 24, for pledging. -^RIBBS
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting in room C of the Union building on Monday evening, October 80, at 7:30. Rev. Ainslie will be the speaker. —BURBRINK.
All Freshman Co-eds: Petitions for WSGA representative are to be turned in to Ann Sickman, WRH South, by 11 p. m. Monday, October 23. —SICKMAN.
Sophomore Union Workers: My staff will meet at 4 p. m. Monday, October 28, in the Union office. —HOFFER.
Weight Lifting Club: Important meeting Tuesday, October 24, at 7 p. m., basement of Fieldhouse. —BRITT.
POMM: Important meeting Monday, October 23, 4 p. m m the Armory. All actives be present , —HOTLER
Alpha Lambda Delta: Pledges turn in candles with signatures to me Monday, Octobei 23, at 4 p. m. in the Union lobby. —CARPENTER
Gold Peppers: Compulsory meeting Tuesday, October 24, at 5 p. m. in the Old Chestnut room of the Union. Refreshments will be served. —PETTIGREW
Cancellations: Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before noon Saturday, October 28. Cancellation cards are obtainable from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if /possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed ip the Registrar’s office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 28 if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. —DEAN OF MEN.
Distinguished Howitaer Squad: Entries for this competition must be submitted in writing to Major Faulconer or Major White at the Armory before 4 p. m., Wednesday, October 26. Each entry will list by name the l^ecutlve and Assistant Executive, both juniors, and the Chief of Section and Gunner, both sophomores. It will also list, but not necessarily by number in the squad, 7 Cannoneers and 2 Chauffeurs, all sophomores. Names once submitted may not be dropped or changed except for reasons acceptable to the Officers in Charge, named above. Entries will be accepted in the order of receipt until the quota 8 has been received. —FAULCONER.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—16 mm. movie camera F 4.6 lens. Ten Dollars. 8 mm. Univex F 6.6 lens. Six-fifty. Call 66601.
Roger Williams Club: Pictures of the student group and cabinet will be taken Sunday morning, October 22, following the morning service at the West Lafayette Baptist Church. Make special effort to attend. —SWANSON.
Wesley Players: Men are needed for production staff. Students interested in staging call Walter Kettenring, 8486; those wanting on the lighting crew call Lucky Godbey, 2663. Women are _ nreded for make-up committee. Call Marjorie Hoover. —McFADDEN.
TYPEWRITERS—All malcea, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as lew as 120.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 60( Main Street
All Seniors: If you have not received a post card advising time of Debris picture sitting and if you want your picture in i^e 1940 Debris arrange for a sitting at once in the Debris office, second floor of Union. —WILLIAMSON.
Novice Pistol: The fourth novice pistol group will start on Tuesday, October 81. Students desiring to fire this course may sign in Supply room between 8 a, m. and 6 p. m. —CAPT. HOLMES.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Grey topcoat from Alpha Tau Omega house dance Saturday night. "Mowry” inside pocket. Reward.
LOST—Waltham watch, chain, knife. Sigma Xi key, Yale band charm. Room 211, Union. Reward.
Mechanical Engineering Students: All who expect to graduate prior to February, 1941, are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall. (11-1) -YOUNG.
LOST—^Pi Kappa Phi fraternity pin in vicinity Fowler and Salisbury. Reward.
Electrical Engineering Students: All who expect to graduate prior to February, 1941, are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall. (10-22) —HARDING
Military: The following War Department training films will be shown on Friday, October 20, and Tuesday, October 24, at 4 p. m. in room 104, Armory: The Combat Engineer—4 reels—sound ; The Medical Regiment—6 reels—sound ; The SOS of the Division—-2 reels—silent. These films are shown in connection with the course in tactics, attendance optional. —THOMPSON.
Modern Dance: Junior dance group meets every Tuesday and Thursday at 4 p. m. October 24 and 26 Senior dance group meets eveiy Friday, October 27, at 4 p m. —KNIGHT
Riding Club: All members wishing to ride at 4 or 6 p. m. Sunday, October 22, call stable before noon Sunday. —MEYER
Conditions in M.E. 31: An examination for the removal of conditions in M. E. 31 will be held in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering building commencing^t 1 p. m. Saturday, December 9, 1939. Those wishing to take the examination must make arrangements with the undersigned before noon December 2, 1939. (11-2) —MEISSERSMITH
Roger Williams Club: Pictures of the student group and the cabinet will be taken on Sunday morning, October 22, following the morning service at the West Lafayette Baptist Church. Make a special effort to attend. —SWANSON.
MISCELLANEOUS LEARN TO TYPE—New class to start in ten days. Local student typed 30 words a minute in eleven days. New method. Indorsed by leading universities. Results guaranteed. Streamlined typing. Leave reply at west desk of Union.
Mixed Recreation: Every Friday night beginning at eight o’clock and sponsored by the Purdue Sportswomen. A variety of sports are offered including swimming. Everyone welcome. (10-27) —MATHER.
CO-EDS—Occasion—^annual date. All interested call Alexander or Walkey at Phi Psi house. We may have to date a Beta.
CE 41: An examination for the removal of C a_nd_ I grades will be held in room 203, CE building, from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, October 28. —GREVB.
All Military Students: Those students who have not yet been able to prpeure military shoes may get same at Varsiiy Boot Shop next Tuesday morning, October 24. —HOLMES.
USE EXPONENT CLASSIFIED ADS
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, October 24, at 7 :30 p. m. m the reception room of the Union. There will be an important business meeting following —FRANTZREB
Freshman Co-eds: Any freshman co-eds interested in running for WSGA freshman representative should turn in petition signed by twenty-five classmates by Monday, October 23, to Ann Sickman at the WRH. —SICKMAN.
The Jayson Style Bureau
PROVIDES THE RIGHT SHIRT SELECTION
We have stocked our Jayson Style Bureau with your own bureau in mind. You will find each Jayson Shirt a complete masterpiece in its own right ... a shirt you can pull out at random and wear with pride. The assortment includes Whitehall . . . the ultimate white shirt . . . and a splendid variety of color and patterned shirts. All enjoy the regular soft or *Jasonized no-starch, no-wilt collar model ... all are tailored to the King's taste by Jayson's Troy craftsmen . . . and all are outstanding in value a/$2 each.
JAYSON SHRUNK • Fabric Shrinkage less than 1%—^Federal Specifications CCC-T-191 A
J
A new shirt if one shrinks below marked size.
A new shirt if it does not give satisfactory wear.
<1 I
*made under Celanese patent^