’ s
Volume 53, No. 37
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, October 19# l9ll
BOILERMAKERS LOSE CLOSE GAME TO OHIO STATE, 14-16
I
Choir Group FoundrymenHear ^ . Q Show Attracts Potter On Foundry wponiriQ rrogrom Capacity House In National Defense f in €11 I ^ By John Armstrong and Don Brophy Over 200 foundrymen, members
Riveters Score All 14 Points In Final Quarter As Ken Smock, John Petty Lead Both Drives
Concert Choir will be presented this afternoon in the first of a series of Sunday afternoon programs sponsored by the Music room committee of the Union. The program will begin at
3 p. m. in the North Ballroom.
The 35 members of the Concert Choir are chosen from the 250 voices in the University Choir and make up the most select group of singers in the Musical organizations. The choir has a full and varied schedule for its tenth year of activity. Yesterday the first out of
town appearance was made at the Mystic Tie Lodge of the Masonic Temple in Indianapolis. Besides singing for.various organizations on campus, the choir will cooperate in presenting a musical convocation
in the Spring.
I
The Lord’s Prayer Malotte Adoraraus Te Palestrina Beautiful Savior .... Arr. hy Chris-
tiansen
Carolyn Wood, Contralto Soloist
Twenty-Six Students Register in Poultry Two-Week Course Annual Poultry Short Course opened October 13 and will run for two weeks, until October 25. The
Psalms 160 1 Llewandowski 23rd annual school is now well under
jj way and has a registration of 26
Baritone Solos Selected students. Naturally, most of these
By John Armstrong and Don Brophy Closing a four-day presentation of Holm and Abbott’s Broadway success, “Three Min on a jElorse,” Playshap entertained an enthusiastic capacity audience last night in
Fowler Hall.
Ray Nihan, as Patsy, the inveterate turf-shark, turned in the outstanding characterization of the evening, scheming,*browbeating and cajoling in flawless Brooklynese. Continue Good Performance Caroline Wood and Haskell Metz continued their fine interpretations of the illiterate Mabel and the bewildered Erwin for the fourth con-
Troyouts for “The Petrified Forest” by Robert Sherwood which will be the next Playshop Production will be held Wednesday and Thursday at 4 and 7 p. m. in Fowler Hall.
William Kennedy
III
The Nightingale Tschaikowsky Marvin Smith, Tenor Soloist I Heard a Forest Praying ...
Let My Songs Fill Your Heart Intermezzo
IV
Piano Solos Selected Angelo Castellan!
V
Sing Awhile Longer . . O’Hara Prayer is a Key to Heaven ... Negro Spiritual conferences Play Gypsies, Dance Gypsies (Countess Moritza .. . Kalman God Shall Guide Us (From Call
students come from Indiana farms, but a few are reported from near-
by states.
I The short course staff includes members of the poultry and veter-
De Rose departments of the Univer-
sity. In addition there are t^o guest
Charles instructors, J. L. Frederich, of Provost Creighton Brothers, Warsaw, and
S. A. Colliver, field manager of the State Poultry Assn. These men are specialists in their various fields and will give lectures concerning their fields of poultry production. Other staff members will be available for
All of the modern facilities of the Poultry Department are made available for instruction. The Poultry
to Freedom) Herbert Building contains several classAlberta Schmadel, Soprano Soloist rooms, instructional laboratories.
secutive performance. With few exceptions the entire company of actors showed the results of compe-
tent casting.
Smoothness of cues, deftness of timing, and convincing characterizations did credit to the staging of William L. Deam, associate director of Playshop. Wavering walls and corny entre-acte music were two minor but irritating flaws in the
presentation.
Unsubtle Costuming Snappy comedy scenes, artfully interspersed .throughout the three acts and never overplayed, kept the audieuee^dSmuBed and expectant. Some very rare and choice comebacks by the “Dead End Kids,” William Miller and Richard Kohls, and the unsubtle costuming of Mabel added a desirable amount of spice
to the staging.
Accompanist Joanne Lloyd.
for the choir
an incubation laboratory with three P jj TG3 DsFICG
ihammoth incubators, a reading room, and offices. Each student has a fine opportunity to observe a well equipped poultry farm. The farm
. . . Ag ’41 has started pre-fiight equipment includes nutritional labtraining as an Army Aviation Cadet oratories, range facilities for brood|at Initial Training School, Max- ing pullets, laying and colony broodwell Field, Ala. er houses and summer shelters.
Wilbur C. Clark
. . . was attended by one hundred fcouples yesterday afternoon in the north ballroom of the Union Most frequent requests out of PIA’s over 370 recordings were for sweet music, especially that by Glenn Miller,
it was stated.
It’s The Inspection Trip Season
PSE’s Rest While Obliging, Busy Little Civils Carry The Luggage
By John C. Traugott Exponent News Editor Wise old Fathers Ellis and Soneson truncated the PSE’s before that Inspection Trip got out of sight of the Civil Building by seating everyone in the two busses alphabetically. This, of course neatly put half of the PSE’s in each bus, more or less, and the remainder of the vacant space was filled up with Civils. Thus with everything under theoretical control, the busses started and everyone resumed the night’s sleep, it being the ungodly hour of 7 a. m. A cement mill at Buffington was the first piece de resistance on the agenda. Franklin’s defense boom apparently had revived a ghost at Buffington, and with great rapidity as no one had yet taken time out from the feverish activities to replace broken windows and loose bricks which were a by-product of years of inactivity which reached its abyss with the advent of our Presideht’s first administration in the early years of old childhood. Cement Blocks on Some Heads Some of the amateur inspectors at the cement mill wore hats and some didn’t, the latter discovered they had a solid block of concrete on their hands, or rather their heads, after emerging from a shower hours later. The American Bridge Company came in the afternoon, and the American Bridge Company had some very fine dirt which mixed magically in the hair in a proper ratio with the Universal Atlas Company’s cement to produce the resulting concrete, which, you will be glad to know, later cracked under tension, An enervating rain was an added
attraction at the Bridge Company, vieing with blueprints, structural patterns, welding, riveting, and other noisy and luminous operations for the attention of Purdue’s inspectors. The rain won. Civils Carry Baggage At the Gary hotel, the base of operations for that night, the Civils clambered out with refreshing eagerness while approximately 18 PSE’s, who had by this time drifted to the rear two rows of each bus, watched with amused arrogance until the Civils in their enthusiasm had removed all the PSE luggage as well as their own. This worked so pleasantly that the performance was repeated at the Chicago hotel, wl^ere the Civils not having caught on at Gary again did the manual labor while the PSE’s relaxed. The evening in Gary was unproductive, not for dearth of saloons, but rather for total lack of activity in said establishments. Lest chronology mire this in detail, we shall skip to Tuesday evening when Dean Knapp was found with a coy smile gracing his professorial pan enjoying the more or less unclothed ribaldry of “Louisiana Purchase.” A group of PSE’s found him, needless to say, in the second balcony within fondling distance of the nearest chandelier. “Louisiana Purchase” was one of the happier inspections, being concerned mostly with the well-turned figure of Zorina and other decorative females and a University scandal centering about such characters as an English professor who signed his name with an X. Wednesday the PSE’s spent the
day viewing such well-developed pandemoneum as the Chicago Wheat Pit and the Fire Department. The Fire Department inspection included a trip up the Chicago river in a tug which obligingly squirted water for PSE inspection? Meanwhile the Civils were going their own merry way, no one knows where. We might mention here that throughout the trip one ubiquitous Hustvecjt, later rechristened Hut Sut by the PSE’s for the sake of euphony and humor, insisted upon taking pictures of the whole gory thing. Hut Sut would carefully adjust his camera and then steal away to take an exposure meter reading, and simultaneously another PSE would approach on tiptoe and click the shutter. Then Hut Sut, having procured the necessary data would return and with infinite pain take his picture upon desensitized film. Crude form of humor. Dean Knapp Not at Burlesque Hyper-thyroid and mal-nutrition were illustrated in the flesh at State Street burlesque houses, where Dean Knapp was not found, we had better make clear. The Regioinal Planning office, a steel mill, a down-to-the-earth inspection of Mayor Kelly’s subway, and beer filled out the schedule until Dean Knapp left on Thursday, abandoning the PSE’s to the tender mercies of the Civils. They weren’t abandoned long, however, for by Friday night most of the PSE’s had gone to the Ohio
State game.
Then came Saturday. We don’t know what happened to the Civils. They are home by now, we presume.
Over 200 foundrymen, members of the central Indiana, Michigan and Chicago Chapters of the American Foundrymen’s Association, heard Dean A. A. Pottpr of the University ehgineering department, speak on Foundry Problems in National Defense, at the regional conference held at the University on Friday
and Saturday.
Our Men Will Not Fail Us Dean Potter in his address at the banquet Friday evening stated that “Our men of genius who are responsible for more than two-thirds of the epoch making inventions of our times will not fail us in this, our first and most decisive battle of the present World War, which I hope 'we can keep on fighting in the field of armament production. With world conditions as they are, no one can foretell what is ahead of us. All of our facilities and the best of our talents must be utilized in a united effort to make our defense program
a success.”
Industry Must Lay Plans “At the same time, industry must lay plans for the post defense period, so that our country may be able to maintain our standards and idealisms for a more abundant life in a world of peace.” “Most machines had their beginning in the sand pile and cupola, and foundry processes affect not only factory production but also most forms of transportation and modern living from the playground to the kitchen.” Yesterday’s njeeting included talks on technical subjects pertaining to foundry practices, tests and matferials. d.e.g. Dairy Judging Team Will Attend National Contest At Toronto University dairy products judging team, composed of Glen H. Whetzell, “Sr. Ag,” John M. Irvin, Sr. Ag, Buford F. Butler, Jr. Ag, with George R. Stewart, Jr. Ag, as alternate, will compete in the Student’s National Contest in Judging Dairy Products at Toronto. Kenneth C. Boxell will accompany the team as coach. The contests is being held in connection with the International Dairy Industries Exposition which opens tomorrow. Twenty - two college teams from all parts of the United States and Canada will take part in this 26th national contest. The sponsors of the contest are the Dairy Industries Supply Association and the American Dairy Science Association. The former organization awards Daii-y Products Research Fellowships to men chosen by the faculties of the schools represented by the high-ranking teams. Cups and medals are given in five judging divisions, ice cream, milk, cheese, butter and all products combined, by associations in these fields,
s.r.b.
Cancellations Students who desire to cancel courses without grade should do so before Saturday noon, Oct, 25. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards should be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be field in the Registrar’s Office. Dean M. L. Fisher Roger Williams Club
TKA Chapters End Meeting With Group Action On New Bills Students representing Tau Kappa Alpha chapters at seven colleges and Universities in Indiana and Michigan, left for their homes yesterday after attending the fourth annual two day Tau Kappa Alpha Regional Congress which slJarted Friday morning in the Union building. Approximately 90 students attended and took part in the discus-
sions.
Yesterday morning at 8 o’clock, chairman Fred Eichorn, former member of the State House of Representatives and now president of the Indiana Public Service Commission, opened the Congress with the discussion of five bills passed by the various committees Friday after-
noon.
Rules Strictly Enforced Parliamentary procedure was strictly observed and the meeting was carried on as nearly as possible like regular legislative assem-
blies.
After amending, re-amending, rising to points of order, asking for the previous question and doing all the other things expected of legislators, the group adopted favorably resolutions calling for “action in the control by law of all labor strikes,” for “immediate action to centralize authority in defense production,” for “revision of the selective service act,” and for “action to maintain freedom of the seas.” The only bill turned down'by the group was the one advocating a fixing of price
levels.
At a short business meeting, the national speech honorary elected Fern Rohrer, a junior at Manchester College, president. Professor George Beauchamp of Manchester was slated to continue as district governor and the group decided to hold next year’s congress at Manchester College, d.e.b. ^
Seniors
All Engineering and Science Senior Men who have not returned their company lists should get them in immediately, so that no seniors who wish to interview the following companies will miss the opportunity to schedule their interviews. During the next two weeks these companies will be interviewing on the campus: General Electric Company, October 23, 24, and 25; Eastman Kodak Company, October 27 and 28; E. I. duPont de Nemours, October 29, 30 and 31; Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, October 30 and 31. W. E. Vogler, Director of Personnel. Meredith Club To Hold First Meeting Monday Virginia C. Meredith Club will hold its first regular meeting of the year on Monday afternoon at 4 p.m. in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building. All members are requested to be present, Jane Blank, president, has said. Detailed plans for the state convention of the college section of the Indiana Home Economics Association, which will be held here November 1, will be announced. All committee assignments will be made. Marjorie Williamson will speak on previous state conventions. Agnes McCulloch, president of the state association, will outline the programs of the coming convention. Miss Margaret Beeman of the faculty will also speak, a.m.p.
By Phil Johnson, Exponent Sports Editor COLUMBUS, O., Oct. 18.—(Special to the Purdue Expon«^t) —^It just doesn’t seem to be in the books. Last year a courage eous band of Boilermakers lost a heart-breaking game to an Ohio State squad by virtue of an illegally kicked field goal. Today an even ipore courageous and hard fighting Boilermaker team came back in the second haK
of a gruelling battle to stopjSa widely heralded Buckeye team stock still, but yet failing by a lowly tVfp points to spring one of the hardest earned upsets of the 1941 season. A blocked kick in the first quaiv ter before the Boilermakers were really steamed up was the narrow margin of victory for Paul Brown’s Western Conference conquest by the
score of 16-14.
Playing Conditions Bad Ohio State’s powerful forward
Matthews Announces Meeting Of Parents' Institute On Nov. 4-6 Annual Parents’ Institute will meet at the University Nov. 4, 5, and 6, to discuss methods of deal-
ing with the problems of youth to- wall and charging backs combined day. Dean Mary L. Matthews of Brown s style of shifting line- ,, -r-r ^ ■ a T. 1 man appeared to be too much for the Home Economics School an- _
the Boilermakers in the openmg
nounced yestei’day. The institute is jyiinutes of play. However, the Rivcondueted in cooperation with the continued to improve throughIndiana Congress of Parents and holding the team Teachers and is for all interested .^yjjjch gained over 300 yards against parents. USC to a measly 17 in the entire A board meeting and dinner for second half. Today’s game was the Congress of Parents and Teach- played in a murky drizzle for the ers will open the institute on Tues- entire fracas on a soggy field be-
day afternoon, Nov. 4. The program fore a crowd of 64,074 persons,
will continue the following morning Desipte the nasty weather condiwith Dea,n Matthews speaking oh tions the Boilermakers employed a “Youth in a Changing World” and wide' open attack throughout the Miss Clare A. Coolidge, assistant battle, with passes and end sweeps dean of women, discussing, “The assuming the leading role in their
College Student.” grand second half comeback.
During the afternoon, members Ohio State led 12 to 10 in firpt of the University staff. Prof. Mur- downs, making all but one by rq^-> iel G. McFarland, Dr. J. A. Bromer, ing. Three of the Boilermakers’ fost and Robert 0. Parks will speak on downs were negotiated on passes,
the theme, “Training Youth.” Line Doesn’t Hold
The session will close on Thurs- Although the Buckeyes ledinn^t day with the topic of “Youth and yards gained by rushing, 13S to 66,
the Community.”
this difference was only made.e»^^^ dent through losses suffered hy tim losers in failing to protect &e8r passers. Purdue led in yards gained by passing 91 to 48. On total yardage picked up by passing and rdslh-
. . . will hold a party at the par- PI A Dance Class sonage, 146 South Grant St., after
the club iheeting at the Baptist church ^ndayi evening. All freshmen andWw members of the club are cordially invited to attend. Those Baptist freshmen interested in the club are particularly urged to attend so that they can become acquainted with the club and its members. They will also meet “Pop” and “Mom” Gleason.
... will have its third meeting tomorrow night. To the original PIA group have been added dancers from Cary Halls, WAA, and WRH. Over 160 men have enrolled for the course and others who are interested may enroll for the remaining eight lessons by paying $2.50. More coeds are needed for the class, and all girls are invited to attend free.
Movies
Movies of the Ohio State football
game will be shown for the benefit the'iucke^es^'i'ew'’tte'slifeht of the student body tomorrow night j„aj.gin of 200 to 196. in the South Ballroom of the Union sophomores. Smock, Mehat 8 p. m. Johnson, along with vet* A description of the play will be grans John Petty, Bill Combs, and provided by members of the coach- pinky Warren were the spearhead^ ing staff as the pictures are shown, of the Boilermaker attack, wbRe This is the second film to be Johnson and Meakim went the ft®shown of the Boilermakers play tire route. This is the ^rd gama away from^ home. The pictures will that Johnson has played ^thoutr^ be shown under the auspices of the lief. Although Frosty Sprowl WM in Tippecanoe County Purdue Alumni the game for less than one minute, Association, d.e.g. (Continued on page 4)
StudentsSentenced To Outside Study Find Variety In Library
By Sally Beall
There are two reasons why the average student goes to the Library. One is that a hard-hearted professor has issued an edict that some outside reading must be done, and the other is that a library date is the only kind possible for many coeds on week nights—not that it’s legal, but it’s done. Most of the library’s books are back in the stacks concealed from the general view, but there are on open shelves more than six thousand good reasons why the student should spend more time at the library than that absolutely necessary for the preparation of the next day’s class assignments. Books May Be Read In the main reading room alone there aie over 4,000 books of fiction including 150 volumes of short stories. Near the loan desk are the latest novels, ‘hundreds cif plays by American, English, and foreign authors, and the most talked of books of travel, biography, history, and current social economic and political problems. All these help give a proper library atmosphere to the building, but it is quite all right with the library authorities if these books are taken from the shelves, handled and even read. Special groups of books selected by professors for the students in their courses are found near the loan desk. These groups change from time to time during the year, and the present collections deal with math, physics, and the history and culture of the southern states. By being observant and watching these shelves, the student may acquire for himself a ready made bibliogI'aphy for a research paper.
Magazines Too
For the student who doesn’t feel
equal to another book in his afterclass hours, there are magazines and more magazines. In the main reading room are this month’s issues of two hundred or more magazines, and if the student has made the mistake of missing the first tj»o parts of a continued story by his favorite author, the copies for at least the last six months are qn shelves back in the periodical room. The periodical room has about six hundred different magazines, one or more for each of the subjects taught in the University. It is fairly probable that at least some small ^ part of the information and entertainment offered by this number of magazines could keep a student happy while he kills the fifteen minutes
before his coke date.
Display On Ground Floor The display case on the ground floor is something at which the student should at least glance on hls way through the library, the eaqhibit changes about every tWO weeks. The present subject is J^ea Whitcomb Riley. Pictures, vital ahatistics, manuscripts and books fey and about the Hoosier poet ire shown. Some pretty wierd and eftuiic items are shown at times i» this case. The Great Soviet Atlas mhdf such a sensation when it appSj|rf|i recently that it is scheduled for a return engagement soon. .. The library also tries to keepl^ University informed on eumut events. If all the newspapMS ip ths house vanish before the stad)Pt|||^ around to seeing what hapftit# ^ his favorite comic eharaet«ti hh depend on the library to hgfa papers fastened down and WpithNIt for him m the Newspaper ro<Hll m the groi^j^id floor. ^ ^'9§t(: ■ii"’:':
pv ■" fe', ,
■^%:
-m!
“'■ E&iik>mal Phge * '
Sunday, October d9
u^A'
( * ■
MJ';
I®."' fl'
By Drew Pearson and'Robert S. Allen
World's Biggest Plane Paves Way For Round TripsTo Bomb Europe
ever, but by the religious sects Note—Last year, opposed by a represented. young and little-known school teachHei'shey’s sympathy expressed er running on-the Democratic,tickitself recently when he took a trip- et,,:pljh had a fiard itine getting to the heart of the Meimonite. sec- elpcjt(^dl ^m^ 'u8Uall|s^^.bigJp[iao\p.rit^^^ tien of Pennsylvania, and sat <lowh was"‘cut to'a small margin, despite, to dinnei', in a farm kitchen, near the fact that his district is heavily
Ephrata, Penn., with a group of Republican.
bearded Amish farmers and their, "The 90-0av Woncfers"
wives. . /
It was a noon-day dinner, served Occasionally, in the War Depart-
on a plain board table. After the ««
meal, Hershey and the Amish breth- on a ren (Amish is a part of the Men- Spring of 1917, with “the^90-day nonite faith), sat on a rail fence concludes that; tlm
outside, with the brook running f ^d after all.
and discussed crops, weather, pliil- . Lieut-Col. Withera Burress was osophy-and military service. J.’l ^ reflective mood the other day. Sitting there one the fence. Her- ^ a shavetad them,,” he shey made a statement of his faith : ^ * f “I believe the difference between de^ things were. Talk about shortage of mocracy and totalitarianism is in equipment! Some of the poor devils the way you treat the minorities ^ with whom you disagree.” hats when they arrived m France. And the minorities sitting with ^ remember more
him nodded their beards in agree-
ment.
Farmer Price Victory
Louis J. Taber, National Grange
WASHINGTON—It was only a president, and other farm leaders few short months ago that the didn’t come away empty-handed
greatest airplane in the world was from their conference with the
completedthe Army Air Corps President on price control,
B-19 Douglas bomber. Weighing While he would not agree to their 82 tons and costing the neat sum of Pi’oposal that wages be included in $5,000,000, this ship was heralded price control bill drafted by with a blaze of publicity. Price Administrator Leon Hender-
But the shocking fact is that the son, Roosevelt did make one im-B-19 already is virtually obsolete, portant concession.
It has had some test flights, and would have no objection, to a partiie net opinion is that it is imprac- averages formula’ being put in tical for modern warfare. to limit the dumping of gov-
Designed before the war, this air ernment-loaned wheat and cotton
monster is now much too slow for when the prices of these commodtactical purposes and is being con- hies threaten to soar out of bounds,
sidfered for such a relatively safe mission as a goodwill trip to LatinAmerica. After that—no one knows
what to do with it.
Air Corps officials insist, however, that the B-19 already has served a great purpose in blasting the trail for more advanced designs. Thus the army is adopting a bomber half the B-l9’s weight, but heavier than the
Under this formula, to insure farmers an average parity price
than', once, when I got leave to go to Paris, I had'my pockets full of money, given me by the men
to buy shoes for them,
“'The men had the right spirit . , .. nothing wrong with their morale ... but they just weren’t soldiers. They’d been rounded up, trained a few days in a ball park, and shipped right over to France, to ‘complete the training’
over there.
‘And in France, it wasn’t much
hT said he 'Phey got rifle practice shoot-
ing at tin cans in a gully. Yes, sir, those boys were the 90-day won-
ders.”
New Labor Headache Strikes are still a serious problem, but the big labor headache currently harrying defense Chiefs is the complex and mounting difficulty
^ xi. f 11 . . of employment dislocations, for the full crop year, restric- .. . , , . ,. . 1 j Almost every day brings new retions would be placed on the ■ „ , ,, , . , , J ,, ,. , ports of workers let out due to lack amount of wheat and cotton that , j; , . ^ - ij 1. n ii. J • of materials, forced curtailment ot could be sold. Also, the dumping , ■ . ’ „ ,, ;. . .. , production or other defense causes,
could not begin until prices reach
, . , -i , 1 i u Official estimates of such dismis-certain-above-parity levels, to be , , ,, , , , , . J , u IT J J ii. sals put the number at between one
worked out by Henderson and the
and two million.
Department of Agriculture.
'M0NDA/Y ■ 10:00—News . . ' 10:00—Curio M^n 10:16—Music 10:30—WBAA Presents iO:46^Theatre of Song 11:00'—“American; Institutions” with Prof. R. Phillip’s ll':60—Purdue News 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:15—Meet the Band 12:45—kiarkets 1:00—Music 1:15—Foods, Facts, Fancies 1:30—Music 1:46—Mjusib. 2:00-—A Story,a Day 2:16—Radio Camera Club 2:30—Safety Program 2:46^—Mary Louise Reppert, pianist 3:00—News 3:10—Music 3:15—^Afternoon Melodies 3:30—Organ Moods 4:00—Tea Time Tunes 4:30—Music 4:45—Little Miss Muffett 5:00—Just Relax '5:30—Vespers 5:45—-Curio Man 5:50—News 6:00—Dinner Music 6:30^—-Sports 6:45—Eleanor Slopesma—.singer 7:00—Social Security 7:15—3M’s 7:30—Petite Musicale 8:00—Marching Along 8:15—Parade of Business 8:30—Eventide Echoes 8:45—South American Way 9:00—Concert Master 9:30—Music 9:50—News 10:00—OFF THE AIR
Shoi! (^utsa ■ ■ * ’ Serifes Three-day, short. course, for. veterinarians yesterday concluded its 29th annual meeting with a series of special clinics, presidted' oVefvby J. F. Bullard, associate professor in thb.department of veteritiafy’science, , ■ , ■ ’' I y, ■ 'These clinics inc|udedi discussions on horses, led by James Farquharson of Colorado, State College-;.,hogs, by A. H. Schmidt of Triumph, Minnesota; cattle, by C. Harvey Smith of Crown Po'int; poultry, 'by C. D. Lee of Iowa State College; -and small animals, by R. E. Niehols of the veterinary department. Included in the program wei’e several clinical, demonstrations of di^erent problems that a! .veterinarian meets in connection, with these animals, d.w.o.
HiDv^rpMyc/ress Ef^-Presidelitfeerbert,Hoover will address the, radio public on,-the present European food situation over a nation-wide Mutual Network hook-up tomorrow at 6 pirn.,' according to an announcement made by Charles F. Horner, director. National Committee on Food fpr the Smair Democracies. ,, ' , In making, thisi iniportant address on behalf of this committee. Hoover will present' the most recent available information on the situation
along with a summary of the' year’s ; acti'vities of the, ij^WtidhaJ; Committee in his-Bi)eeei]i,j'“Cgn>.Eiir ,- rope’s Children Be SayeiS^?’' ' s ;
Dine Tonight' NU CHIKA GRILL CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY 409 Columbia. St.
I L^.J' Thtc,. Perry. Printers ' Printing in Tune ■ With the Times ‘ Phone 7804 33Z Northwestern Ave.
LObK FOR THIS SION’ S.TOttl^
IT MEANS'QUALITY AT LOWER PRICES }ohn Sperb; Hdwe. 822-24 Main St.
Everytjiin^ Jar a College Education
DEAC’S
And the end is not in sight. Some experts anticipate that in the auto industry alone 200,000 workers will: lose their jobs. Aware of the serious economic consequences of such dislocations, GPM heads are making strenuous efforts to overcome them. So far only partial an-
swers have been found.
Originally, 0PM tried to handle
Taber and his colleagues had to
present Flying Fortresses. The Ve some fast talking to sell the “fortresses” weigh 25 tons. President on this plan. At first he whereas the new bombers now seemed in no mood to accept any being built, will scale between 30 changes in the bill and told his calto 40 tons and will have a speed lers that if they had come to debate well over 300 miles an hour, the question of controlling farm It is well known that these new Pi'i®®® they were wasting their time, bombers will be used by the Brit- “We have simply got to head off ish to rain destruction on Ger- inflationary trends,” the President many. But not generally known declared grimly, “or face the worst
are the plans which the United depression the country has ever such dismissals by local absorption. ■ States has for these machines, known after this emergency is This worked all right in towns with namely bombing flights across over.” industries engaged in defense work, the Atlantic. The farm leaders finally won could use the displaced hands Here is the military theory There fl™ o'’®*’ to their plan with the gladly took them on. But in
oppose Henderson’s system of exist, other solutions had to
selective price controls, provid- found.
ing the parity gains won at this Various methods have been used, session were not lost. instances defense orders
have been granted to reopen shutdown plants. In other cases, where
competence of the redtape-riddled U. S. Employment Service. Its, local offices are falling down badly and defense chiefs are considering asking the President to place it directly under 0PM control. (Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
WHY BE A MERE DANGER? Clothes have changed'so have steps in dancing. Mr. Allen teaches al| types of dancing and was on the staff for teaching the dancing masters at their conventions. NEW ADVANCED CLASS OPENS WED., NOV. 5, 7:30 p.m. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
DR. PAUL A. RISK ' DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD). RISK — bEHlilSTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. ' Lafayette
is no complete and safe defense of the air over New York or any other American city. If enemy bombers once get overhead, nothing can prevent destruction beneath. Only safe defense is to wipe them out at the
'Swell"Steaks are TOM'S Repufalion ^ The Planked Steak Special a Sensation!
Juicy—LustyEach Custom-Cooked
'He-Man"—Thick! Come—Take Your Pick
TOM’S RESTAURANT 301 University Street
Taber pointed out that though the
home base. Hence the need of long prices of wheat and cotton are now range bombers capable of crossing only slightly below parity, and the Atlantic, striking and return- livestock above it, farmers get only ing. 43 per cent of the consumer’s dolOnly trouble is that our bombing lar spent for farm products, as program has been proceeding at a against 60 per cent in 1917, when lamentable snail’s pace. defense production was geared to Conscientious Objectors reached today. Few people are aware that Gen- Going After Fisheral Lewis B. Hershey, who presides Lewis E. Lawes, famed former oyer the fortunes of the 17 million warden of Sing Sing, will oppose young Americans registered for se-. Representative Ham Pish, turbulective service, is the son of Men- lent isolationist, for re-election, nonites, leading conscientious ob- Lawes will run as a Republican jectors to military service. with the active backing of Wendell General Hershey comes from an Willkie and President Roosevelt. Indiana settlement of Mennonites. Willkie, who had a big hand in perHis parents were members Of that suading Lawes to make the race, faith, but less actively than his will campaign for him.
grandparents. Today, Mennonites, together with Brethren. (Dunkards), Quakers, Methodists, and Jehovah’s Witnesses, form the majority of the 1,400 young men who haveirefused to bear arms, and who are giving non-military service in special camps set up throughout the country. Leaders of these faiths have found Hershey a sympathetic partner in working out plans for young men of true pacifist convictions. He has helped in the establishment of 21 Civilian Public Service Camps, where the 1,400 men carry put projects similar to the CCC. Cost of the camps is paid not by the Government, how-
A number of important local
conversion of a plant wasn’t possible, an entire new defense plant has been erected in a town. In still other instances, workers have been given “retraining” instruction and moved to places where labor was needed. However, wherever possible, ^eve'ry effort is made to convert the available plant facilities to defense work and to avoid the shifting of labor. An example of this was Manitowoc, Wisconsin, a center for aluminum goods and utensils. Owing to urgent defense aluminum demands, these plants were forced to close, throwing hundreds out of jobs. With few other industries, Mani-
Republican and Democratic lead- towoc was confronted with disaster, ers already have privately pledg- this was averted by giving the ed their active support of Lawes. aluminum plants orders for brass
Also, to insure the strongest cartridge cases,
front against Fish, a prominent Defense chiefs count on Floyd Republican who was seriously Odium’s reorganized sub-contract-considering running against him, ing division to take up most of the has agreed to withdraw in favor slack on defense dislocations.
of Lawes. The fight against Fish will be waged squarely on his foreign policy stand and his record in opposing defense and aid-Britain measures. Much also will be made of his use of his congressional frank to disseminate the propaganda of certain organizations.
Odium originally estimated it would take two months to set up administrative machinery, but 0PM chiefs are urging him to turn his attention to getting subcontracts now and rounding out his organization as he goes along. Note—One serious’ obstacle in relocating displaced workers is the in-
TODAY - MOHDAY — 2 BIG HITS —
PLUS—2ND HIT
M-G-MVBIG NEW MUStCftt miX
m
—— EXTRA COLOR CARTOON WORLD WIDE NEWS
Starts TODAY
fiivudiui. ^xponmL All American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
^ |i4IU>r-in-Chier Ned A. Ochiltree ‘i New* Editor ^John L. Trausrott ! ' .Bptkrtii Editor Phil Johnnon
Business Manager.. .....bon S. Powers Managing Editor..'. Leland W. Unffner Coed Editor :Ruth Rose
Publication Staff ’ AHHOciate Editors : Editorial Staff: J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Biophy, > AaBociate Bditora: J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, 0. T. Bropby, K. It. Hadley, F. I. Jones, E. G. Kieper. Sports Staff: O. T. Clark, J. 0. Fraser, J. S. Keeler. V's Coed Staff:,Mary K. Boynton, Alice Cliatfield.
Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. 0. Millard. , Coed Business Manager: Bonna Sicss; Office Manager: Lee Bossong,
1 Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, Z79Z; ! Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y,
Staff For This Issue ■ij KlaM Editor: Amos 0ay Editor: Kamsdell I Reporters: 0. E. Class, S. R. Beal. G. W. Starr. R. Byers, , . E. 0. Sheuell, B. C. Bickering, H. W. Boswinkle, G. 0. Smith, m wniP Editor: BuU Sports Editor: Clark | K. E. itoiiuemore, C. Wattleworth. Sports: E. L. Karpiiik.
NOW SHOWFNG DOUBLE FEATORt
IT'S A HONEY OF A COMEDY! Racy Riotous Romance of Man Trouble Among Three Women!
lOlfN ftOWARDt/DEftARNAZ HELEN BROOERICK-nOR'ENCE RICE
PLUS-
The Battering Drama of the Rulers of The Road!
MARCH OF TIME'S NORWAY IN REVOLT SEE-i-Norway Leading in the Underground Revolt Against Hitler! SET—Young Patriots Risking Death to Sabotage Their Conquerors!'H ' ■ ■
A- "
1"*
mm
,*r , I,.'''
•afaa
I I
f- /■•
•mm
Ul^erV4!iXQ%il{»,0ftice. ] 4u7^oItiittl$llir j
»n^e¥«,,.,ni)id
LoBti General Chemistrsr 11 book in Ar mory. Please call B&P'Creai, 66004.,
. Typewitterihi-AddiiiR, niaioHin^ all. makes 'Uld, reAted; repdited'.dlid nmasnaaedt. SllmadgjHipfaraiid wcidltdOswat^ i?!*. G>rJtfiiH^shofli,=i606. ■ ’, idMid din^ikhSitliidl^ oft -Value,
Vocal Lessons: For 26; yeara Lafayette’s odly reaUaJti'aiinir, teacheti Vbico' .test iJiee. Edwatdl m .^'tanlt.oStttdto.e /BalHr jHoti(il. Phone 4066. . . * r^stt ioald Mohawk. wriaO watoHi Seturn to R. Hopley, Cary Hall, or phone 8421. He- ' ward;-*.- ■:>-•' . .■•/ , ■■,, ■■ Last: Parker, pert; between Biology An.nejt' and Ch'emi Annex/'October 16. Gall. Jeatp.Gilbent’,'-ft4d9,vRewardl • SinadS'' Rhoai'ii;'First><4^y( Next- to bath. Private, faipily, reasonable. 410 Maple St., ■ Phone,,'SeeSSi. . , ; : '•.
Get tickets for ride before Saturday, Oct, 18 frbdi' Vandcrbilt at Cary HWl West,
, ; ,r, i, (j, : .■ . v . 8446, RalphiLeuHenSi;F«tnk W&Coy, at AXP, Itost r;^^^ A. 6080, dr ,GWen Olirrsf,i Wood Hall 8413. D. 6A case. Ralph Dlse engraved, on rule ' -—1
brace. Call-
-Dise, 844^4,
ERBILT
Nonces
FJ^Goldsiriiik
' ^aSsJlAili: Ibeitli M‘ Mfen, Wa.s the principal speaker at a commun* ^ ity father and'son, banquet hel^ last
cepted fdBii.»ften,*si.activitidB chairniert and night in tllei ’Masoiiic Tempta at
’. Petitions
PIA Members,:. Two‘positions on-execu-tive board ate. opaii" Petitions will be ac,
. , foPii.jften,’s;, activitlds chai; ward chairman of south ward,
must be in PlA' office by Monday, October 20, at 4 p>m,i.; —ELDER
Camden, d.eiib.
TWO VICTpjt RED SEAL RECORDS Qae i;; - ;1 i,., .t,
Ctmsr^ AipA—Bemamina Gigli O eATRlA MIA—i?o5^ Bampton and WHEN 1 WAS A ’LAJy—John Charles Thomas
Buy Either One for $1.00— Get the Other One Free
.f }■; 109 N. 4th St.
Branch Service 411 State—West Lafayette
Fencers: All men with-fedcihg^ exper-
' ' ience report to the third floor of-the Field- meeting Mondhy at 4 p.m. in the Student Novice, PistoR Students desiring to flira house,.iTues., Wed., ot Thurs.,, Oct. 21* 22, Senate offices: Dick-,DaGatmo, Johnny Goll, in the third , novice pistol group starting or 23 between 8 and 6 p.m. Brihg gym shoes Katy Ade, Ban Adkins, Bill Barber, Dick TnesdkW,; 0.o6. 21; may sign up in the_,8un- and'eauipmeni if possible; —TOWER Raney; Jim Wolffi,, Bob. Stocker. Damon Elply room of the armory now, —BRO'WW ^ \der, Ai Mehkh, ■ •
■ Freshman Drummers :-Those interested- in Dick Watson;
MechantcurEngine^s: The American So- a'chaitm^h kiheers iriembership ^ P|ank %;the,r
ciety, df. Mechanical ,Engineers applications may be obtained in the general. offioe- of the Mechanical Engineers building. —BOLZ
.... ,.^_,n^t;p.eH .session, will ha con
ducted at this brief meeting.'
; -SCARF-^RU^NItB—JOHNSON;
'Virginia C. Meredith Club: Important —~—^
toeeting in H.E..: Building in auditorium, at Alpha Phi’Omega: Meeting Tuesday, Oct.
Code .rtistcuotions: Applications tor cn- Mpndpy- .Gominittoes: to make 21: at 7:30 p.m, in room 307 of the Union, preach roliment in Ra,dio and Code clasaer’now “^signed.
being taken in thC; Instouqtarai room,'of the Plan to come. - - i)' ARVIDSON
Armory, . —BURKHART , — - - 33'. Sigma Bi : Important meeting Monday,
Oct. 20 at 4 p;m. in room 116-of Horticultural building. —VAN CAMP
continue the fttody «df tflft Teaeti^ft at Jesus, taf. Graves wilt I^d ;
ji>. ia.jt: ■, ;y.. -e. digctisiHioD, «wi "WhRt■ Iai/:-;illird!iftlh‘■ PardUe Christian Fonndation l0is6 «k iH.--“|!tev,
At Lafayette Christian Ghnrch preach the moroihg semott ivfi^*^^
6th and North Streets Man With a Bad KsposMon" aS^
9:16-9:25 a. m.—Catch ride from
1318 Grant 5:19 p* m.r--.T1iere w4lt h€ft » 9ik^ 9:30 a. m.-^Student Class. “How Se^ce in the chapel eoii-
the subject Rol^o Hernani^. as-siatant P* ”>-—Th« Sunday Evftrrfttg
dean of women. ‘ ‘ 5^^“^
10:40 a. m.-Chufeh worship ser- feetiD^ after supvice. The Rev. Doyle Mullen ^jn per will be in charge of the drama
sermon entitled* “The
committee.
Purdue Radio Club,: Meeting Tuesday. Oct. 21 in room 134' of the E.E. building at 8:30 p.m. Pieuse-uae. north dOOty .--tMILES Agriculturist': Meeting of the Board of
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday,. October 19 at 7 :30 p.m. in room, 263 of the Uhibn. . ; . —RIBGLB
SIGLER Problem of Goodness.” 5:16 p. m.—10 Cent Supper at 131
Lutheran Students; Meet at church at 2
. „ __ p.m, Sunday, afternoon tor hike through Managers: on, Monday, Oct; 20, aU 4 p.m. Potter’Si Hollow.: Hike will, be followed by
in room 118 of Ag Hall,
SNYDER wiener roast;
-ANTAL
WA-A :- All giHsi who are Interested in Cabin Leaders’ CouAe meet, in Women's gymnaslnm iTuesday, Oct. 21, ah .p.m.
. . —WARD
Purdue Wheelmen: Ride, Sunday, 'Oot. 19
. Undergraduate ..-Dames: Meeting .Tuesday, Oct. : 2J at 7 :30’ pirn, at Home of Mbs,'. C. Tandyi. S.. W., corner of Grant and. Wood Streets; —VOLLMER Rep Session Committee: Will the folio-w-ing, members of the permanent pep session
Roger WilliUmo Club: Freshman party at the parsonage, at 140 South- Grant- Si; Sunday, October 19, after club meeting.
... —ARTMAN;
at 10:80 a.m. Meet at Executive Building! committee please^attend" the' organizatloh* Military B'all Committee: Meeting of all
Episcopal StndenfR
S. Grant. Services at St. John's Episcopal
Purdue Piayers:~lii7eting of executive 5=45 p. m.-Leave ih Cars for the Sikth and Perry, Lafay-
board at, 4 p.m, Monday. Oct. 20 in. Fow- Church building. Ctte.
ler Hall. , —WALKER 6:00 p. m.—Pbrum. Program in- On account of Rector’s absence, bofJS‘*iflbnlayr Oc A*'al 4°^p;m^ in'"the recreation, singing, discus- "o celebration of Holy Communibn
T.tr,^c worship. Leading our at & a. m.
thinking will be Prof. Louis M. 10:45 a. m.—Morning Prayer and
Sears in the discussion period. Address by Dr. Louis M. Sears. Program closes promptly at 7:30. —~—
Senate .office.
-DIBQS;
thing, SariitoriP"" makefs fabrics look just like new. Each item individually inspected and classified fdr clfeaiiirig. Exclusive, laboratory-developed Sanitone process cleans extra thoroughly, extra gently; revives color and texture; leaves no odor. Perfect pressing with specialized equipment. Buttons and ornaments securely fastened'.,Minor repairs made. Thorough final inspection to insure everything has been done . . . and done well. CALL US TODAY—PROMPT SERVICE '
132 NoFtk^estera Ave.
Phone 7278
members Tue^ay, Qctoheit 21 at 4'p,m, Re- Ifeading the evenihgr service at Ghve
port in upito.m to Debris studio, in sub- =>
basement of the Union for pictures.,
—DIBOS,
(Note: A deputation team will be Wesley Fqimdatiott Sandfty Services
At the First Methodist Church
Branch 0hurch in Indianapblis. The (Corner Chauncey & South Sts..j program will include two talks by 9:30 a. n(.—Four Student Classes.
1. “The International Uniform
GatelystMemberaand Pledges: Formal in- M'erl Reynolds and Marianna Manitiation next Wednesday, Oct. 22, in room . , t. i ,
302 of the Ghem and Mtet buUding at 7:30 gus, a Violin duet by Jim BiHingsly Lesson” taught by Mrs. O. S. Steele. beto s^gn^*i1st Hn"Di-f"Love'lj’r'offiee. Merl Reynolds, and a vocal duet 2. “Income, Outgo and The King-
-- ^ . 'ITODER by Betty Lou. Patton and Virginia, dom of God,” taught by^Rrofessor Christian Science Organization: R'eguiar Sellers ’With Marianna Mangus ac- J. T. Gunn.
meeting at 7:30 p.m; Tuesday, October 21. eomtianvinp- both Hiiotn 1 In room 303 of the Union; . Lompauy.ing Doui. aueis.;.
-r-LQCKWOOD ——
Deltoi Hho Kappa; Meeting Tuesday; Oot. 21 at 6 p.m. in room 306 of the Union. All pledges be present; —BIlBELBiN:
3. “Our Christian Message and The World Today” taught by Pro-
fessor C. 0. Lee.
4. “The Growth of Methodism,” taught by Rev. E. R. Balsley. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Worship.—
O-.SO a. m.—Roger Williams Club The guest preacher this Sunday will Class Hour. T. K. Noss; teacher. be Dr; B. D. Beck, District Superin10:35 a. m.—Church Worship Ser- tendent of the Lafayette District, vice Sermon—^‘My Philosophy of His theme will be “A Message from Life.” Solo by Ruth Schlott and Vir- God in the Desert.” Special music ginia Ulrey. will be furnished by the Paul Tin6:40 p. m,-—Roger Williams Club chef Smith Memorial Choir. Fifteen Cent Lunch. 5:45-7:45 p. m.—Wesley Vespers 6:00 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Following a 45 minute period of Social Hour. Folk games led by Ken- recreation and fellowship three disneth Truax. cussions groups will be held. They 6:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club are: l.-Operi Forum on Religious
pietTs":iil^bTh^id’"^S; Questions; 2. Personal Religious 4:15 p. m. All actives and pledges please riclc of the Forestry Department Living;, and'3. Social Service Activ-
A , „i will speak on “Conservation of Wild ities.
Life.”
_ Baptist Students
West Lafayette Biptist Church,
. Corner Columbia an^'Chauncey.
Sigma Delta Chi Pledges: Get your, pla- t i. t> /-ii Ax j'.- , . ques; from the office: by Tuesday; October dOSepn Jj. GleaSOn, otudent Pastor.
28, or they will be thrown away.
■ —'tRAUGOTT.
Eta Kappa Nii: Ihiportant meeting Tuesday evening at 7:30- in Room- 302' of the Union Building. Meeting is tor. the election of pledges, and attendance- will' be compulsory. - , .
—S0UTHMAYD.
Signia Delta Ghi: Dinner meeting-tor all actives Wednesday, Oct. 29, at 6 p. m., at
Sycamore.
—TRAUGOTT. N. Y. A. Workers: Checks for periodi ending Oct. 7 are now. available at Cashier’s office in the Executive Building. , . —HOIlEENaRE.;
be present-at the. Armory in formal uniform.
, —GRAF. _ ■
Triton Club: Compulsory meeting Tuesday, Oct. 21, at 7 :30 p. m. in the 'Women’s
Gymnasium; ,
—KRAEPELIEN.
Roger Williams Club.: Folk-games led by Kenneth Truax. Fifteen cent lunch at 6:40. Discussion hour , at-6:.3P. , - , Purdue Outing Gliib:- No hike today.
—WARD;
University Presbyterian Church Students at Emory University North Street Rt Grant Street prefer to call the campus water Mr. John W. Findley, pastor and tank the “Bobby Jones Memorial.” director of, the Westminster Foun- The fUmous golfer studied law at dation. Emory in 1927-28.
liiE''ra&SUPPLY STORE . “til—t~i ^ LVLt c.Riooitv.-i'ViWAOER': ■ ^ ^30R-|0 STATE STREET LAFAYETTE IND
0
k , * 1 1 1
KAYWOODIE
LAST SHIPMENT—
'
Super-Grain Pipes........ .......$5.00
.if ■ . ■
Flame-Grain Pipes .....$10.00
SUNRISE PIPES
* -
COMOY
T, (Comoy Seconds) . .-..-.....-..$1.75
’ V iP
Grand-Slam Pipes.... $6.00 ■ ■ ■ : i f
. i.. .. . i, ; _
RRIARMEER Meerschaum Lined Inner-Bowl
OLD ENGLAND PIPES
i: ^ 1 MJBL
■--Jl J
AB Shafs^s : - $1.50
(Saseini Seconds) ...:$2*QO
- — - —
■ . ■ • 1-2; OL
PIPE RACK (Illustrated) Holds 6 Pipes—Humidor Keeps Tobacco Moist „...$1.95 All Nationally Advertised Brands of Pipes—Medico—Yellow Bole—Milano—•Primitive-r—Duke of Dundee.
FREE! ^ oz. Tin Revclatibn Pipe /1 Tobacco wflb Purchase of Regular 25c Size
A Complete Assortment of racks. Sundries, Pipe Sweetn^if, - - ''v ■' ^ I'ii' '■ :■■■■■. ■[ u - r.. Bowl Polish and RonsonLighters. ■ r- .! ii ■ ■ I;.- .i Li; ? V- ‘ ■
ALL FOR 25c
308H0 STATE "STBCfi^ WEST. LAFAYETTE INBBoilermaker Cross Country 3quad Defeats Ohio State At Columbus
Pill-Rollers To Bowl PE Ail-Stars Oct 21
P'-
Pillrollers will play their opening game df the season with the Physical Education All-Stars on h^t Tuesday at-r 7:30 p. m. on the Union bowling alleys. Accord-
. Kandom notes from here and there ... begins to appear,that Joe Louis will put on the khaki about the same time that Hank Greenberg takes his off . i . Greenberg can be more of a help to the Detroit Tigers than Louis , could ever be to pugilism .. . Joe has been a great fighting; champion and helped Uncle Mike Jacobs drag the boxing game up by its boot straps ... he has beaten all of them and now is ready to retire or enter the army, and let boxing sink to the deplorable post Dempsey state. We received a letter from Rolfe Jenkins the other day . . . Rolfe was • sports editor of the Exponent in 1939-’40 and is now doing his newspaper work in St. Louis ... told us about a baseball game between the St. Louey scribes and radio men . . . Diz Dean threw his nuthin’ ball for the broadcasters ... Gabby; Street caught him ... Rolfe says the Old Sarge, who once managed the Cards to a pennant and was then promptly dismissedj has a gnarled catching hand that would scare one out of a-week’s sleep. Cleveland Continues Shakeup Methods Gordon Cobbledick, columnist for the Cleveland Plain Dealer, suggests that Branch Rickey (or some other big name promoter) be hired as Cleveland Indian general manager to replace Cyril C. Slapnicka, who recently resigned . . . Heaven forbid! . . . he also rumors a rift between Rickey and Card Prexy Sam Breadon ... dear Cyril was and is well hated fpf the system he started and left behind him . . . Alva Bradley seems about ready to give up on the club, too , , . that makes it unanimous . . .
This telegram vs^as received from Columbus by the Exponent last night, ' TO THE TEAM. IT WAS A GREAT GAME FELLOWS. THE WHOLE STUDENT BODY IS PROUD OF YOUR FIGHTING SPIRIT, GOLD PEPPERS AND GIMLETS. MARY E. SCARFF PHIL JOHNSON
latest rumors have Rog Peckinpaugh moving up to C. C.’s vacated spot and Jimmie Foxx taking over as manager . . . Double X didn’t fare so well this past season, but eyen his dismal showing for Joe Cronin would be preferable to the nightmare of directing the Tribe . . . ditto Branch ' Rickey, Larry McPhail, Powell W. Crosley, Tom Yawkey or anyone else. Terrible Tommy Harmon makes his pro debut with the New Yorl^ ■ football Americans today and will have Jarrin’ John Kimbrough as a running mate . . . but Kimbrough will be at right half instead of fullback • . . . yes, Harmon will wear his famous “98,” too . . , the New Yorkers will ■ play the Columbus (Ohio) Bulls, who sport a number of former Ohio ■ State stars among them is Jim Straussbaugh. A "Dictator" At Quarterback It will be a pleasure to -watch A1 Couppee, Iowa’s “Dictator” quarterback come Saturday . . . A1 swings his arms rhythmically, barks signals at the top of his voice, blocks like a demon and generally keeps Dr. Eddie Anderson’s eleven on the alert... present juniors and seniors will remem- , ber the big lad from the 1939 Homecoming game ... in that dullest of dull ^ games the g:^eat Nile Kinnick really never got going but neither did the " Boilermaker forward wall and the Hawks made two safetys for the day’s only scoring. ■ Nine rahs and a whistle for Herm Phillips and his cross country team .. they should negotiate the Big Ten championship in a walk .. . Ed Holderman may very well be the outstanding distance man in the country this {year . . . greatest gratification of the year was the pasting they handed lU ... Blopmington has released some very supercilious (and impolite) publicity notes concerning the supposed impotency of Purdue runners and the Indiana 14-year domination . . , it is very nice to have the last laugh, particularly when you can do it without being quite as nasty as the other guy. No Bums' Rush For Magerkurth Despite all Brooklyn attempts to the contrary George Magerkurth will be umpiring at the same old stand next year, says National League President Ford Frick . . . the Bums wanted Magerkurth tossed out on his ear for calling that balk on Hugh Gasey in the last hectic days of the pennant race .. . maybe Flatbush will have to “wait ’til next year” for that, too. Indiana finally won a ball game . . . Biff Jones and Nebraska apparently ha:ve not yet recovered from the loss in the Rose Bowl last New Years Day.
ByEdKarpick
COLUMBUS, 0., Oct. 18.—(Special to the Purdue Exponent)—^A powerful Boilermaker
cross country team swept to its third consecutive conference triumph against a previously ing to Dr. Miller,'‘Tt will be a bitundefeated Buckeye squad by a one sided score of 19-39. The race, usually a tough grind, was terly contested contest, and all made more difficult by a hard rain that fell throughout the entire morning. rooters of the Pilltollers are urged
Ed Holderman marked his return to the winner’s circle with the fast time of 22:07.8 for the distance. The Boilermaker run- ■ ■ V - ' ■ .
Tomorrow's Open To All Grid Session Due to a very tough game at Ohio State and the subsequent
ner led for the entire course, until he finished a full 330 yards ahead of his nearest opponent. An indication of the way Ed ran the race is his remarkable time of 4:53 for
the first, mile.
Duesler Places Despite Injury Woody Appleton, followed the Boilermaker ace to the tape with Bob, Raymond of Ohio State, in third place. Two more Gold and Black
Archers Form New Club; Elect Officers For Year Local archery enthusiasts met' last week to organize the University Archery Association. The following officers were elected for the coming year: Warren James, pres-
Darrell Roach and Don ident; Leslie Fleck, vice president;
Kemp virtually sewed up the race by finishing fourth and fifth. Sophomore Charlie Duesler was the last official finisher for the Boilermakers coming in seventh place. Duesler’s
and Bob Freyman, secretary-treas-
urer.
The club is at present engaged in organized practice for several intercollegiate contests with Chicago
achievement is specially noteworthy University, Ohio State and other because he was bothered by a bad schools. An all-campus meet will ankle all week and did not enter the be held the latter part of this month, race in the best possible condition. The archers handle heavy bows;
Football Scores
Mississippi, 21; Holy Cross, 0 Minnesota, 39; Pittsburgh, 0
Wisconsin, 23; Iowa, 0
Michigan, 14; Northwes^rn, 7
Illinois, 40; Drake, 0
Notre Dame, 16; Carnegie Tech, 0 Detroit, 20; Oklahoma Aggies 14 Fordham, 27; West Virginia, 0 Harvard, 7; Dartmouth, 0
Navy, 14; Cornell, 0
Pennsylvania, 23; Princeton, 0
■ Army, 20; Yale, 7 Duke, 27; Colgate, 14
Georgia, 7; Columbia, 3 Oklahoma, 16; Kansas St. 0
Syracuse, 31; NYU, 0
Temple, 14; Penn. St. 0
Lineup for the All-Stars includes long train trip, the BoilermakCoaches Pehring, Burnham, Papen- er football squad will probably guth, Wilkening, trainer Mann, and through a light seSSion toProf. LaBree. Mackey, Whitecamp, ' Lukas, Willis, and Dr. Miller will afternoop. ,
However Open practice as a regular Monday afternoon feature will continue as such. ^ All students are invited to attend and have a look at the
,. j- team that provided Paul Brown his presence was .directly respon- , , , . ht j,' ■ Sible for the final Riveter tally. With such a stormy Wes%n Ken Smock continued his sterling Conference debut. Passports performance of the Pitt game with -will be required for entrance, several fine ruhbacks, one of thei^ jt jg reported that the fresh-
man team will familiarize the
compose the Pillrollers’ team. Boilermakers Lose
(Continued from page 1)
Yesterday’s victory for the Boilermaker harrier’s marks them as the outstanding team in the midwest. Thus far this season they have met the best distance teams in the big ten and have emerged victorious in every instance. In spite of the one sided conquest, the Buckeye squad was not below standard. The triumph merely illustrates the well balanced power of the Riveters.
It Won’t Be Long Now
Each victory on the fall calendar brings the dream of a conference championship closer to reality. Coach Herman Phillips and his team deserve a world of credit for their achievements thus far and they will certainly bring their share of ath-
letic glory home this fall.
Next week the team will journey to Madison, Wisconsin, to face the Badgers in their fourth conference meet. Little is known of the Badger ^strength at the present time, but because of the way that the Boilermakers have performed this sea- ^ son there should be no reason to lose sleep over this meet. ® The complete summary of the race ^ follows': Holderman (P); Appleton 6 (P); Raymond (OS); Roach (P); e Kemp (P); Trager (OS); Duesler (P); McLaughlin (P); Alders (OS); White (OS); Hulme (OS). **
aiming at targets thirty, forty and
sixty yards away, r.t.e.
IM Schedule
RIPLERY SCHEDULE
Monday
6:30 Shoemaker Antigonish 7:00 Harmony Haven, Gollegiana 7:30—Ward I 8:00 South Hall
Tuesday
Ann Tweedale House Glenwood House WRH Wood Phi Mu, Alpha Xi e. WRH North Wednesday Otter-Be-Inn, Ward II „ The Gables
Dazian Ooedda
Ward III Novadale
Casa Manna
Thursday
S. H. E. House
N. O. M. I.
7:00 Kappa Alpha Theta, Alpha Chi
7:30 Chi O, D. G.
8 :00 Kappa Kappa Gamma, Pi Phi
a 40 yard punt return which set up the Boilermakers’ first tally. The shifty halfback also converted both points after touchdown for the Riv-
eters.
Recovered Petty Sparks Attack —^— ' , ' / Big John Petty failed to start be- dd by a spectacular block by Cocause of a knee injury but played Captain Tommy Melton. Five plays
mo-rrm Airiiin T?r.onr,« or.n r»oUo One of thb finest games of his Career, later in the fourth quarter Petty wblgma Alpha Epsilon and Delta v_.i. X spnrod nn nn pnH swppti on fourth
varsity with the Iowa offensive strategy by running through Hawkeye plays, o.t.c.
Intramural Notes
6:30 7:00 7:30 8:00 6:30 7:00
7:30 8:00
6:30
Upsilon are still fighting it out on Intramural field to see Who goes
to the finals in the intrafraternity foccasions. _ softball tournament. These two Both of the Ohio scores were in
teams played a 1-1 tie game Wednesday evening then decided to determine the winner by playing another entire game Thursday eyenine. The playoff game Thursday evening came out with the same result. As it stands now another game will be played sometime next week.
scoring both touchdowns on power scored on an end sweep on fourth plays and adding the necessary down and five yards to go.
Sprowl entered the game with 58 seconds left and the ball on the
the second period, after the safety Boilermaker 37. On the first play the in the middle of the initial period, lanky end snared a long pass by The first was on power plays by Smock on the State 17. One play by Graf and Fisher, with the second Smock and two by Petty resulted coming as a result of a long pass to final score with less than 15
On an average pf five dozen baseballs are used in a major league game. , ,
Negro end Charlie Anderson. Dick Fisher ran a Boilermaker punt about 120 yards early in the third period, zigzagging across the field for a score which was called back because of a Buckeye clipping penalty. On the next play Smock took Graf’s punt back 40 yards aid-
seconds of play remaining.
TOUCHBALL Monday, October 20 Sigma Nu vs Triangle R. K. Lane Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 8 R. J. Jones Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 9 C. Rafferty Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 10 Tom Noland Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 11 F. Meyer Cary Hall 5 vs Cary Hall 12 M. B. Bernhard Cary Hall 6 ys Cary Hall 13 Harry Olds Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 14 W. V. Stephans
SCOBBEE PHOTO SERVICE SENIORS—Special Rates on Employment Pictures Have them ready. PHONE 2343 105 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
RYTEX PERSONAL STATIONERY
Oniversity Bool Store Across forin Union “Rod” Sammons *29 “Doc**’ Epplo *40
Southworth’s
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
of a CO-ED who Solved her FBIBUMS
PURDUE CO-EDS SAY, "ONCE YOU'VE TRIED—YOU'LL HAVE NO OTHER"
— The Lowest Prices Quality Permits — NORTHWESTER AT VINE PHONE 4081
JOHNNY WAS A LONELY GUY UNTIL HIS FRIENDS TOLD HIM “THE UNION IS A FRIENDLY SPOT” NOW YOU CAN HARDLY HOLD HIM NOW HE SPENDS ALL HIS TIME AT
JhsL (pu/vdjuuL THrumJUcxL lAniofL
/ Corner of the Campus—- v ^ 'And the Center of Activities” \
HE GOT THE BIRD
BECAUSE HE WASN’T HEP TO THE LATEST RECORDS! S o" o" o ^ RUSH to the RECORD SPOT
and Listen to: 6415—MINK A WEEKEND IN HAVANA 6389—DREAM DANCING DELILAH Dick Jergins 6411—STOP! THE RED LIGHTS ON WHO CAN I TURN TO Gene Krupa 6422—BLUES IN THE NIGHT ' ! : • SAYS WHO? . Cab Calloway
36391—MOONLIGHT MASQUERADE ORANGE BLOSSOM LANE Claude Thornhill 11296—RUMP STEAK SERENADE SAD SAP SUCKER AM I 27594—AFTERNOON OF A FAUN J. Savitt 27591—PALE MOON HALLELUJAH T. Dorsey
POKBOt BIIBK S SlIPPlI STIIBF
308-10 STATE'sTREET WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
Southworth’s
<> 4