IS f
EDITOR ENDORSES New Vacation Plan; See Edit On Page 2
Established 1889
^ On To Tokyo
RIVETER NINE Silltl Double Header; See ^ Story On Sports Page :
Volume 53, No. 191
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, May 17, f942
Personnel Meeting Closes/ Efqvis, Pox, Walters Speak
Playshop Announces
In the closing sessions of the thirteenth annual Personnel arid Industrial Relations Conference held at the University Friday and yesterday, Miss Anne Davis, Department of Labor industrial consultant, reported that “at least one million additional women will be needed in war industries by the end of
1942.”
Pointing out that it will be necessary to employ record numbers of women in plants where only men have worked heretofore, the industrial consult-
ant added, “The place of women in industry was well established during: the last war. So far, howevet, the proportion of women' in war industries is lower thiin it was at the beginning of the last war, women now holding one out of every ten jobs in essential war industries as compared with one out of every four in all manufacturing industries.” Speaks On Mexican War iDffort The conference, which was jointly sponsored by the University in co-operation with the State Chamber of Commerce, Associated Employers of Indiana, Indiana Manufacturers' Association, Indiana University and the U. S. Employment Service, attracted a representative of the child welfare bureau of Mexico, Mrs. Enelda Fox of Mexico City, whose daughter, Gloria, is a University student. She told of the part women are doing in the neighboring country’s war effort. Among the othei^ speakers on yesterday morning’s closing program was J. E. Walters, former University pei’sonnel director, now vice president in charge of personnel and labor relations at the Revere Copper and Brass Corporation. He stated that management must be op its toes so that it can reduce unit costs in order to meet increasing wages, dividends and taxes which are becoming ever increasing problems in the industries of today. Yesterday noon at the close of the conference, W. E. Vogler, University pei’sonnel director, summarized the ideas and suggeations brought forth in this year’s confer-
ence.
University To Offer New Cast Special 10 Week luii to puy Lead
Summer School
Vocational Education Teachers To Convene For 11 Week Seminar Industrial Arts teachers, co-ordi-nators and directors of Trade and Industrial Education, employment service representatives, and N.Y.A. shop superintendents will convene at the University for the opening session of a seminar in Vocational Trade and Industrial Education next Saturday morning, according to an announcement made yesterday by Dr. F. B. Knight, Director
of the Summer Session.
To Meet 11 Cop.secutivcs Saturdays The seminar which will meet every Saturday morning for eleven consecutive weeks will be participated in bj'^ individuals who arc at present engaged in vaiious phases of Vocational Education. Topics to be discussed will emphasize current problems centering about the ti'aining of workers in defense industries and will be determined by the needs and wishes of the group. Prof. Amon Swope, Prof. M. F. 'Stigers, Dr. C. H. Lawslie, and Willard B. Hill, of the University Teacher Training staff in Trade and Industrial Education, will conduct various phases of the seminar program. Specific problems confronted by those enrolled in the seminar will
be emphasized.
Seminar To Study Group Needs The seminar is the first activity of the University Summer Session, which will concentrate on meeting the needs of specialized groups according to Dr. Kmght, director of
the Summer Session.
Organizations Plan Campaign Against Rural Fire Losses llepresentatives of various organizations interested in reducing rural fire losses met in Indianapolis Thursday and made preliminary plans for a slate-wide campaign
nesday at 4. Instruction will be giv- which will be launched within a few en if desired. A singles tournament weeks by the numerous groups
WAA Will Sponsor Sports Program For Summer Term
All women students are invited to participate in the summer sports sponsored by the Women’s Athletic Association. Points toward numerals and “P” awards will be given
this semester.
Sports now offered include archery, which meets Monday and Wed
and a faculty tournament will be held later in the semester. Mary 'rroxell is in chaige of this iiyTo Offer Baseball, Swimming Baseball meets Tuesday and Thursday at 4 p.m., and five practices are required for WAA points. Libby Baughman is head of baseball; and Lucille Charmiiiade is in charge of swimming, which meets at 4 on Monday and Fuday afternoons. Three practices arc required for participation in tlie tennis singles tournament, which will be held on May 25. Evelyn Schuber is head of tennis. Picnic May 28 On Thursday, May 28, WAA will sponsor a picnic for all new women students and their counselors. The group will meet at the Women’s Gym at 6 p.m. and will hike out to the WAA cabin where a picnic supper will bo seived and games will be played. Band Selects Nine New Freshmen Nine freshmen have been accepted for membership in the University Military and Symphonic Band. They are John Joseph Bonner, Lafayette; Robert Droege, Seymour; Melvin Fisher, Gary; Robert Eugene Hogue, West Lebanon; Robert Donald Leigeber, Indianapolis; Robert McEachron, Pittsfield, Massachusetts; Richard J. Reed, Kenmore, New York.
functioning in rural Indiana. Part Of Nation-Wide Movement The campaign is to be part of a nation-wide movement coordinated by agricultural extension workers. Fitting into the plan will be the agiicultural extension service, through University representatives and county extension agents; the state file marshal; school authoritics; AAA state and county organizations; farm bureau; Grange; Office of Civilian Defense; rural fire insurance underwriters; state forester’s office; conservation clubs; oil companies; electric utilities and
others.
To Help In Summer Fires According to L. E. Hoffman, Associate Director of Agricultural Extension in Indiana, who presided yesterday, it is expected the campaign will be under way soon enough to assist in preventing the numerous destructive fires which occur during the dry, summer season. Fires are especially disastrous now, he stated, because of the difficulty in getting building mater-
ials.
Debris To Hold Call For Photographers Debiis callouts foi all sophomore and freshman men and women interested in photography will be held in the Debris editorial office next Tuesday at 4 p.m. The students should have a basic knowledge of the fundamentals of photography, and instructions will be given for a few weeks to acquaint the workers with the routine.
Courses Open To High School Graduates Many graduates of Jefferson and West Lafayette high schools are expected to enroll in a ten weeks summer school which the University will offer on the campus starting early in June. This course, which will teach the fundamentals of engineering, will aid men and women in getting better jobs in war industries. Meeting Tomorrow At 7:30 Interested students from all high schools in the surrounding vicinty are invited to attend a meeting of the students and their parents tomdirow evening at 7:30 in room 101 of Michael Golden Shopsb The program for the summer school will be explained at this meeting. The summer session will include chemistiy, mathematics, elements of engineering, and industrial process and materials. Classes will meet seven and one half houi-s daily, Monday through Friday, and four and one half houis on Saturday morning. The only cost that the students will incur is the price of text books and other materials. Students To Advance More Rapidly Administrators of ESMDT say that completion of this training will qualify the students for moi e rapid advancement and greater responsibility in the industries that employ them. Graduates of this summer course will be able to continue with specialized engineering training in night school. The University will present certificates to the students who successfully complete the course and will endeavor to obtain positions for them in war production jobs for which they are best fitted. Jeff Students In Movie Several Jefferson high school students are featured in the movie, “What Can I Do To Help Win the War,” which was produced by the University war training office to show the importance of engineering training in industry. Radio Club To Hold Meeting Wednesday Police coiiimuiiications and the installation of new radio units in state police cars will be two topics of discussion by the Radio Club in its first summer semester meeting Wednesday, May 20, in Room 6 of the EE Building at 7:30 p. ni. To Explain Communication Work Harry Evans of state police radio station WROR will toll the club of the various phases of police coniiiiunication work. One of the features in his discussion will explain the new ficqucncy niodulatod units that are being installed at the present time in slate police cats. Ariangenieiits are also being made foi code practice classes during this meeting. The interest shown for these classes at this meeting will determine the schedule of classes for the rest of the semes-
ter.
Book Exchange Sets Collection Deadline Students who have unsold books and money for purchased books at the Student Book Exchange should claim them by next Wednesday, at 6 p.m. At this time the books and money will become the property of the Book Exchange. The books and money are available in room 267 of the Union, and passports must be presented in ordei to make the collection. Approximately .$650 has alioady been given out, but over $1,600 still remains to be collected. Prof. H. W. Gregory . . . Dairy Husbandry, was in Indianapolis May 15 and 16 to attend a dairy conference.
Prof. P. E. Lull has been selected to play the leading role in Playshop’s summer production, “Jim Dandy” it was annopneed last night by Director H. Kenn Carmichael. Prof. Lull, who is known outside his classrooms for his readings and interpietations of plays, will portray the part-of Jim Dandy, 300 pound tramp, in the Saroyan comedy scheduled to be presented in Fowler Hall on July 1 and 2. The part of Jock, the optimist has been given to Arthur Barab. He has appeared in every Playshop production of the past season and had the leading role in “Beyond the Horizon.” Richard Kohls will have the part of Fishkin, the pessimist. Besides being president of the Purdue Players, di’amatic honorary, and personnel manager of Playshop, he has acted in several plays or has been a member of the crew. Myers Wins Berth Larry Myers, WBAA sports announcer, will portray the chai'acter of Johnny, and the colored character, Jim Crow, will be played by Paul Gore, a graduate student minoring in speech. Gore, who has spent the last three summers on the campus, teaches at a school near Nashville, Tenn. The leading feminine role of the librariijiii. Flora, will be taken by Betty Jane Mowry of West Lafayettd. She is a senior at Indiana UnL versity and is piesident of Theta Alpha Phi on that campus. At Indiana she is majoring in speech and music and has had leading roles in several plays. Nigg To Play Role Of Dancer Jeanne Nigg has been cast in the role of the dancer, Molly. She is a junior in the Science School and is active in the Modern Dance Group. Before coming to the University she appeared in several dance programs which included ballet and folk numbers. Also included in the cast are two boys from Morton School, Edward Clark and Jack Schaupp, who will alternate in portraying the character of Little Johnny, small boy about 9 years old. Vernon Rising will be cast in the role of the Post-
man.
Crew Also Announced Crew for the production include Betty Gray, stage manager; and crewheads Meyer Evanson, master carpenter; Lee Fishback, lights; George Zissis, properties; Anne Bradley and Bill Lester, costumes; John Clark, sound effects; and Mary Jane Osburne, make-up. This comedy was written especially for university and amateur theatoi s and only last week Saroyan offered the movie rights of this play to MGM studios for $260,000. Single admission tickets will be available at 60c for the play. WBAA Will Conduct Auditions In Studios student auditions for WBAA announcers will be held tomorrow ip the Music Hall studios at 5- p. in. These auditions will deteimine general announcers and newscasters. Male students arc urged to try their voices for iiewscasting. On Tuesday at 4 p. m., anyone who has specialized talents will be welcomed for special auditions which will cover radio dramatics, musicians, script writers, and sound-effects men. Students interested in radio bioadcasting will find WBAA a I raining center; many of the student woikers at WBAA have found good positions in commercial ladio. Dr. C. H. Lawshe . . . of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology, was in Gaiy last Friday assisting in an industrial education clinic sponsored by the Gary shop teachers and the Gary Board of Education.
James Young Says—Japan Cannot Win This War' Lecturer Explains How Japanese Imitate American War Materials, Entertainment Raring back on his heels in alternate fits bf fury at the Japanese and compassion for their sad state of affairs, James R. Young, for thirteen years foreign correspondent in Japan, toM a rapt Music Hall audience Friday night that “Japan cannot win this war!” He declared fur- / ther that “We’re going to chase those monkeys back up into the trees where they came fron^—^ Describing the inextricable mix-up of the Japanese government. Young portrayed th6 fming parties as a nice clean bunch of diplomats—opium smugglers, back stabbers and carpet
baggers.
He said that when the present military government took over they didn’t bother with for- ■ -————-—-— maT procedure, just walked in
and assassinated half the officials, using the American gangster methods of machine guns and hand grep^es. Waving books p^ers and maps before the an^nf!^ Young showed volumes of documents which the Japs have been preparing for years that outline their entire plan of procedure
Probably the talkingest man ever to speak at a University excerpts from a 400-page book convocation, James Young kept his Music Hall audience re- written a number of years ago ceptive and interested for two full hours Friday night while which describes in gi;eat detail th?
he provided them with graphic descriptions of his experiences in the Land of the Rising Sun, and told about the ludicrous
customs of the Japanese.
Talkative Man Reporter Foreign
Interviews
Correspondent
By Bill Hoskins
Then, contrary to the talk and run tactics of most speakers he held a half-hour discussion period and finished up by squat-
entire plan as it has been carried out, and as they will attempt to
carry it out in the future. Japs Are Regimented
Young says that the Japs are the most thoroughly regimented peo-
4. n • i 1. 1. J ^^^® earth. He
ting on the front of the stage talking to everyone who had a stated that they have no initiative question—telling a small boy the bad points of the Jap Zero- and can carry nothing out that fs Zero planes, exchanging notes with a missionary’s friends, and not ‘in the book of rul«s.’
telling a man that “Sure—I knew Erskine in Shanghai.”
terial, social systems, sports and
Claiming to be no philosopher in foreign affairs. Young entertainment have been imitated might be described as one of Japan’s Americanizers and a mas- America and European couh-
ter promoter.
Not content with managing an eight-page morning daily, editing a foreign cable service for 22 Jap newspapers, and writing for some 32 papers. Young published color comics, including Betty Boop, Popeye, Mickey Mouse, and Bringing Up Fa- four years.”
ther, organized picnics to sell thermos bottles, and introduced Nazi Officers In Japan
“Anyone who thinks that Japan is not a very real part of the Axis is very much mistaken,” he declared. “The Nazis have been in absolute control of the Japanese for
shoeshine parlors.
He says that he managed a selling campaign on catsup un(See CORRESPONDENT, page 4) Student Senate Speak
Issues Soph Worker Callout Callout meeting for sophomore Student Senate workers will be held Wednesday afternoon at 4:15 in the Senate office in the Union. All sophomores or second year students with a 3.6 index interested in working on any of the various Senate activities listed below are urged to re-
port at this meeting.
President Joe Neff will outline the details of Senate work connected with the compiling of data for the Student Faculty Ratings; writing and editing the Freshman Handbook which will come out next fall; and the duties of the projects conimittce, concerning rulings to be made on senior mustaches, the sen-
ior cord paiHcfe, etc.
Senate officials stated that all .sophomores who report Wednesday and work for the next two semesters will be cligililc for appointment to junior executive positions on the Student Senate next year. Zouives To Perform At Tech High School Purdue Order of Zouaves will take pai t in the defense section of the Supreme Day piogram at Arsenal Technical High School in Indianapolis next Friday. .Supreme Day at Technical High corresponds to Gala Week and Open House here
at the University.
Sixteen members of the squad, led by Captain A. L. Jackson, will leave the University next Friday at 3 p. 111. They will make the trip in private cars and buses. The squad
At AIEE Banquet Next Wednesday Central Indiana section of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers will hold their annual dinner meeting next Wednesday evening at 6:46 in the Faculty
Lounge of the Union.
Following the dinner, at 8 p.m.,
there will be a discussion and a technical tour of the Music Hall. The tpur and discussion are open to
everyone who is interested.
Estey Talks On Engineers’ Future
Prof. J. A. Estey, head of the de-
partment of histoi-y, economics and government will speak on “The Engineer After the Wai”; after which Dr. D. D. Ewing, head of the School of Electrical Engineering and C. E. Cliatfield, Indianapolis will comment on Professor Estey’s subject matter and attempt to answer questions from the floor. ^
Special Tour Of Music Hall ’I'lie toui of the Music Hall will
be in the foim of an inspection of the engineering features of the building. A member of the staff will conduct the toui and explain the
working of the various units. Union Will Hold
Callout Wednesday
Third semester and transfer stu-
dents having a cumulative index of 3.5 or better who are interesteil in the Student Union are invited to attend a callout 111 the Union office
next Wednesday .it 4 p.m. Student Union sponsors many ac-
tivities, of which the Music Room, Camera Club, Puttering Shops,
He says that the Nazis have had officers in the navy and army during that four years, and have instituted their own methods, including the goose-step, and the Japanese anthem was writteli by a German. Young berated the U. S. State Department on their policy of sending oil, scrap iron, planes, and war material to Japan in the past yearswhen those ‘in the know* kept warning the government that Japan waa planning an attack on the U. S. He invited what he called those ‘cream puffs’ in the State depart(See YOUNG CONVO, page 4) Cattle Feeders Will Hold Meeting On Campus May 29 Indiana Cattle Feeders Association will hold its annual spring conference on the Campus May 29, it was announced last week by J^ Calvin Thornburg, president of the or-
ganization.
Among the activities of the allday meeting will be the inspection of 70 head of Hereford steers thdt have been on winter-spring feeding tests. After the inspection whfejl will take place at 10:30 a.m., Frof< ' B. G. King, head of the Animal Husbandry Department, will report on the results of experiments with
the cattle.
To Discuss Meat Situation In the afternoon G. E. Thorne of
the Wilson and Company meat packing organization will speak on the general meat situation. Thome IS a specialist in economics and has been connected with the U. S. Oapartment of Agriculture and with
the University of Missouri. Activities Bureau Will Hold Callout Activities Bureau will hold a CflL out for sophomore workers Thursday at 4:15 p. m. in the
reau’s office in the Union ffnii^a)^.
At this meeting director
has been drilling every day in the dance decoiations, teas and recep- Woehlke will explain the fiinfitioha*
armory at 4 p. m. for two weeks in
preparation for this trip.
In addition to the Zouaves, a drill unit from Fort Harrison, and one from the Technical High School ROTC will partake in the program.
lions, and the programs that are duties and type of work dope by thift given on Dad’s and Mother’s Day. Bureau, and the Junior man4ge|||^
At this meeting these activities will explain the work of the variotis
will be explained in detail, and the committees which cover pablieity, members of the Student Union intexwiewing, handbook, projeotai,
Board will be introduced. eligibility, and office.
If
• ii'i' • iiiiiillirti'iniiifiiiiiiiiriiiiiiillllriMiMWlilia
I ilmitiiiiiffiitnliTrVlt- IIP
r'‘?5’Trs«^
l‘</^%'i V }- ^
m w J wrp^TTT^
Exponent Editorial Page
T'<s,mmp\''>' 4 ¥ -‘fiwi«' 4;/^ {^ * St 7% / t' '’" w\ w Sunday, May 17, 1942 ^
Purdue Exponent
Offices Editorial and Business, l^urdtgre Mtnrionaf Uniw, Blitone 4005 Sports, Eieldhouse, PBone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
^Seiter-iiKehief — BdHot Manaslne Editor fhisincitH sranaerr Circnlation Manaircr Coed Editor
John P Amoa Don T Brophy John H ArmstronK WriliHHt D MfliirnI Ken K Gjemre Alice Chatfield
Pubhcation Staff 4 t Asonciafe Editors Bdttarial Sfatf B W Bn winkle D h. Butz W G HoBkinS, A P Hunter D W Ochiltree W h Rafcrt Sports Staff I) 1 Bril ir J S Da s n 1 L Karpick Coed Staff Sails belli Clnilotli H-ib Jim Lauer Business Staff Coed Business Manaaer Julia Martin Advertising Managers J M Wright D L Johnioik Circulation Manager G H Klouman i Accounts Manager Trcna Torrenga Junior Coed Managers Ellen Clark Jane KeilBi
Staff for This fssue Night Editor Bull Day Editor Hass Issue Editor Marion Junior in charge Hunter Reporters Murphv Sli pnobki Fawcett Hudson Freyman
Entered as second class matter at the 'PdSt o*Dce in ^fay «tt€ Indiana under the act of Congrress of March 1879 ana al tlw BpebiBl rate of po^Wifc provided for act of October 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published Ml Wednesday Fridnv and Sunday mornihgs durihg the sum mer semester and daili except Monday during the fall an< T^ter sertest'Ors 0ehvercd locally by earner for ?1 25 loi suinmcr semester mailed subscriptions $1 50 Represented for national ad\ertiflinB by National Adverts niff Service Inc CoHeffe Publishers Representatives 421 Madison Ave New York N 1
An Extra Day Of Vacation A lecommendation was made by the Student Senate to the Executne Committee of the Umveisity asking that an extia day vacation be granted to Puidue students on the Fiiday pieceding Independence Day We would like to endoise then stand We feel that the gam m mci eased mteiest in studies following the holiday would fax outw eight the houis of classwoik missed One day makes the diffeience to many of us between going home to spend the weekend with oui paients and almost fox gotten fi lends and staying hexe to sleep a little extia, see a couple of shows and hate Lafayette To those of us who have not been home since Christmas the campus has become lather umnspixing We leahze that is it a prnilege th be allowed to finibh senool rathex than to go now into the army We axe being trained, howe\ex, so that we will be moie harmful to the welfare of the axis when we do staxt actively opposing them There was a need for a speedup in education w hich was met and solved by the concentrated plan of study We appiove of the plan whole heaitedly Howevex, even men m the sex vice aie given short fux loughs because the aimy realizes that men woik better and leaxn easier if they have some time off fiom woik This extia day should not upset seriously the routine of classes planned for the school semestei In fact it should keep the classes that meet on Friday fiom getting a day ahead of those that meet on Saturday Fven our inf>tiuctois will appreciate a little time off from the summer heat when the midpoint of the semestci is reached
V V V
Service Stripes
Frank Metzger has lepoitcd to the Air Corps Advanced Flying School at Turner Field for the final stages of training as an Aviation Cadet. Metzger who was a student ax the University, will become a navigator m the Air Corps upon successful eompleiion of his advanced tiainmg Lawrence E. Colgrove . . . was recently sworn in at the Naval Aviation Base at Grosse Ile, Mich , and will enter immediateb upon a month’s preliminary training with the Naval An Coips Colgrove, who was a student at the University prior to his enlistment, will be commissioned an Ensign in the Naval Reserve upon completion of his preliminary and seven months flight training. Harry C. Dees of Bicknell, Ind., received his wings this week and was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Marine Corps Reserve Dees, who attended the Unix ei sitj, received Ins eliminating training at Glenview, Ill, and last August reported to Jacksonville, Fla, where he completed his intensive flight training at the Naval Air Station in Jacksonville He is now preparing to take his place with the Marine Air Corps which is an integral part of Naval Aviation and functions under the Navy’s Bureau of Aeronautics and headquarters of the Marine Corps
QUmSHMION By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Von Pdpen, Naxi Ambassador, Says Turkey Will Fall Into Line With Axis At Right Time WASHINGTON, May 16—Heie is the mside Nazi view on the most vital question maik in all Euiope— whether Turkey will go with the Axis or against it According to a confidential version given by Nazi Ambassador von Papen to George Bonnet, Piench Ambassador to Ttiikey, it is absolutely certain tl\at Turkey will fall into line with the Axis Von Papan indicated that Hitler did not plan to press Turkey until the exact psychological moment, but when that time came, he was sure Turkey would fall into Hit ler’s lap like a ripe plum Von Papen also told the FienCh Atfhbassadoi how he, personally had fieen working with the Kuidish tribes along the Turkey Iran border This border is neai the vital coriidoi up fiom the Gulf of Persia to the Caucasus now being used by the Allies for ship ments to South Russia This, of course, rs only von Papen’s srde of the sit uation But one thing is important to note Von Papen has a long recoid of accomplishments when it comes to softening a country in advance of a Hitler putsch He was the man who softened Austria so that all Hit Icr had to do was walk in And years before von Papen got valuable experience in the USA when he was the Kaisei’s military attache rn Washinj,ton and plotted sabotage agarnst the Alhes in the then neutral Unrted States It was ron Papen who planned to blow up the Welland Canal between Canada and the Unrted States and he was reported to be the biains behind the explosion of the Kingsland N J munitions plant and the giant mu nitions dump at Black Tom N J So what he says legarding Tuikty is impoitant • Won't Be Long Now Macon Reed ex Washington newsman now a pi i vale in the Aimj’ has this to sa\ about the new mill taiy machines which Uncle Sam is so swiftly whip ping into shape How IS it to be in the Armj There is a breath taking exhilaiation in swinging across a parade ground and seeing and feeling the other columns moring in the effortless smooth, free marth step of the American Vimv—marching marching marching to hearen knows where \t such a moment and only at such a moment one gets i flash perception of the line strength of \merica a boundless sweep of ir lestible power---and I chuckle to m}self and think What is e\ei>body in XVashington in such a fret and woiiy about’ Mandalar ’ I ashio’ Trifles, boj s mere trifles We heard the news of their fall with a rawn and got on with our work Just wait till we get started It won t be long now ’ ® What Happens After The War? At SIX one morning Henry Wallace woke up and begin thinking about the speech he was going to make in New Yoik Ideas kept tumbling into his mind Quietly so as not to distiub Mrs Wallace he icached for the dictaphone and began spe iking into it He dictated to the length of one cylinder Mrs Wal lace still slept Next morning he woke i„ain it six rnd did the same thing On the thud moining he woke at three thirty This time he dictate 1 the lemaindei oi the speech which laii to three thousand words Mrs W il lace slept on The tree President still had two weeks to spare be fore the speaking engagement but the thoughts had been simmering m his mind and he wanted to get them down He w anted to saj—not in words hurriedly thrown together on the rXaj to New York—what he felt about fighting the war to i finish then making a peace that will stick Some of the thou^nts came lioni leading Petries “Revolution and Civilization which like Spenglei s “Decline of the West has gieatlj influenced the Vice Piesidents thinking Othei thoughts came fiom ran doni dinnei tibk ccnvcisilion Theie was i ciniici it the Soviet 1 nibi sy when Wall ice ittiiif, on the light of M id ime Litvinoff icmaiKcd Ihe obiett of tins w ii is to mile sure that everybody in the woikl has lire privilege of diiiiK in^ a quart ol milk a dc-y Madam" Litvi! oft leplie I Ye e\en hall i pint Wallace made a n cntrl note of that and embodied it in his speech And whei 'he peeeh w is delivered in New Yoik the Soviet Ambassrcloi an 1 Mad ime LiLvinofl wtie sittin„ by then i idio in Washington listcnin,, \X hen W rllrce tini bed h s ludicnce ip lihiided heaitily Lite M Klaine Litvinoff told Mis \\ illacL that the Ainbas'-idoi rppl i ided nioie thin iny ot them 0 People's Revolution lire general applause to that speech is still levei berating in V ishington Bee ruse it was one ot the most important speeches ot the war Titled The Puce ot Uiee Woild Victoiy it was a loiecast of woild lieedom after victory Wallntt has turned out moie woids than any other member of the Roosevelt family intluding the Piesi dent But none ot his woids have been more signili cant that this speech before the I lee Woild Associ ation in w hith he said Lv cry w hci e the common peo pie are on th" march Ic included woids of due waining to Hitlei rnd also woids full ot meaning to the tutiiie ot impeiial 1 such a No nation will have the God given light to exploit othei nations The Maith ot ficodom ot the past 150 years has been a long drawn out peoples icvoliition But espetially significant were the words ‘Those who write the peace must think oi the whole woild llieie can be no privileged peoples Tor Wallace himself piobably will have a stiong hand in wiiting the peace • Enemy Aliens Some significant thint,s aie going on behi id the scenes in the Justice Department With tlie ravage ness ot a eoniinando attack Attoiney Genei il B (Idle has now launched in ofiensive against ill eiiemv igti ts in the USA has given the green light to Big G Man Hoovti to move wlitrtvei he wants this came atUi Biddle h ul been pi odded by the White House loi dawdling Now hov/isei he his gather ed laige dossieis of sensational incontestable evidence and it looks as it seveial U S 1 aseists would end up behind the bais (( oiitimud on pi^i 1)
James R. Young Not since we have been in the Uniteisity have we heard so much campus discussion and favorable comment on a conxocatioi prOijiams as on James Young, newspaper correspondent, who spoke Friday night. While not a polished speaker. Young had such a wealth of information and so many fascinating stories of personal experiences that the question period he created lasted long aftei the regular convocation closed He spaced his own conxictions about the handling of aliens and other problems so cleverly that even those who didn’t agree with him were not offended by continual hacking on the same subiect It is worth wvhile to sit through hall a dozen lectures that are mediocre in order not to miss siwh a convocation program as this. WBAA Schedules
GRIN AND BEAR IT
9 45 10 00 10 65 11 00
MONDAV
New s Mu&ic News
“World Histoiy Sinei with Pi of Pi ink Hall Pin due News
News
Agiicultuial Poium Meet the Band
News
Light Classics Poods Piets Pnicies Better Homes Mai kets
New s
Storv a Day Radio Camera Club Safety Piogiam
Music News
Maiy Louise Reppcit— pianist Afternoon Mi lodies W est L it ivette Speech
Senes New s
Tea T. ime Tunes
Music
The Cm 10 Man
Music News
Just Relax Vespers Little Miss MulTett
News
Dinnei Hour Sports Reviexx ‘
Music New b
Social Secuiitx
3 M s
Die inoi Slopesma Aftei High Sghool Whit
Next News Music
Tod Giant Gils the btoiy Eventide Lehoes
New s
Musicana
New s
Oft the Au
TULbDAY
9 15 News
10 00 Music 10 55 News 1911 11 00 Morning M itiiiee 11 15 The Bookman 11 30 Sam Hamilton—pianist 11 50*Puidue News 11 55 News 12 00 Agiiculturrl Forum 12 30 Meet the Band 12 55 Nows 1 00 Paients roium 1 15 Souvenirs 1 30 Script 1 45 M 111 etb
1 55 News
2 00 Story i Dry ^ 15 Lest We Poi get 2 oO Virginia Uliey—sint,ei 2 45 Treasure Chest
2 55 News
3 00 Music 0 15 After noon Melodics “ jO Musical Roi nd Up
55 News
4 00 Tea Time Tunes 1 30 Meet linn Navy 1 45 The Curio Man 4 aO Music
1 5o New s
5 00 Just Rdix 5 15 Employment Service 5 oO Vespers 5 1) little Miss Muffett
5 55 N( vvs
( 00 Dun ci Hour ( 0 Spoi ts P( view ( 15 The M ie,ie C n pet
t t)5 News
" 00 I elisions Di rni i 7 oO C 1 oly 11 IVood—singci
7 45 Mush 7 55 New s
8 00 VIusic S 1o Ld Meniniei S 15 Eventide Eehoes
8 55 News
) 00 Music in i 9 to rum the Pi ess Box - Stew Wolte
9 55 News
to 05 Oft the Ai
‘The aimy, navy and marines all turned me down—bad eyes ”
ElliotlJlfteMis Meeting Clare A. Coolidge
D. C.
Pies i t I lliott left lor lie Capitol in oulei to itteiul i meet ing oi the eiei Cl Kminttee (1 the Nation il I esc uiets Plannint, B > u 1 ITo had picvioush been in X\ ish Hilton ter conic e i ee lih \V<-i Depiitnient ofticials 1 ut he le tiiinel 11 oick tr itt( nd Liu rn nu 1 m el 1 ^ ol tl c Pii i ui Pe se 1 ch J ji 1 1 t Ol it 1 f cs the Pci 1 ncl C c i k icn c
assist int dean of women, loft yesteiday foi rioiida where she w ill spend hci; vacation She will ictuin to the ennpus in a month~fl '-‘'i ' '^ '■■ Sul^ay,-^y 'I'T, 1942 "
Boil^tirtttMlr ^dPts
' f*’fcs
miliir
Of Si^olis jRiVietc^r Nine Spifts DdUble Bill
INTRAMURAL ACTIVITIES— are they destined for better days? Many queries have floated around recently about the IM schedules proposed for the summer students. At present the laxity of the Purdue student in intramural sports is ext;reme. A peek at the records over in Chief Clevett’s office will show that many scheduled events have been either poatponed or cancelled because of poor turnout. Maybe it isn’t the fault of the student that marks the cancellations and postponements, but there’s a good‘ chanCe it is. With interest in Ward alhletics hitting a leWj intramural athletics must get some new pep some place. THIS SUMMER’S CARD should supply that pep. With fraternity softball slated to start Tuesday evening and Ward and Cary Hall competition to stai't soon after, Clevett’s full-up schedule should keep things rolling—if the student plays ball with him. TEN SPORTS will fill the bill and the Fieldhouse has been revamped to take care of many activities. Code Ball, something new and
Peggy's a Papeete Belle Peggy Drake, who fills the important and decorative role ol Tamara, in RKO Radio’s comcdj ot the South Seas, "The 'rutiles ol 'I’ahiti.” The picture i.s a screeiie translatii n of Nordhoir and Hiill’s cnlcrlaining account of a leisui e-loi iug Papeetan family descended liom a while settler, the book having borne the title of “No More Gas.” Chailes Laughton i.s .staired, at the Nen Main Theatre.
. . . hui yon roLU ("jirn yrui eyes! For MsUt. auiS th ^ '■es come hack I’roin our Sanitoue (Cleaning no? only wilhmi! a trace ol ojlor, Iml also MithoKt the '(iniosl speck ol' dirt. W'Jten our magie eleansing duJd surges llirough the hihrir, il takes with il the t'iim that hides ihe garmenl'’s hctpity, reiUores new iilr and Itislre. And yon ean’l turn lip your iiosi' al that eilher.
dilTerent, has been added to the list of outdoor sports—will it “take”? OTHER CAMPUSES, not all of them of course, play up intramural sports more than Purdue. Sinaller institutions rely on IM athletics to keep the student body more unified. MOST OF THE COLLEGES feature all types of contests between the different schools, wi|h’ the Agriculture - Bnigineering rivalry being intense on many campuses. The following appeared in the Kent Stater IM Column at Kent State recently: “Tappa Nu Keg and Wood’s Farries continued in the undefeated, \ untied class as they felled the Fourth Estate, 9-2, and the .lulius Van Ollaffs, 12-11, respectively.” THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS lists up in “the thousands” of students who compete in ’mural sports every year — activities number a score. BUTLER UNIVERSITY’S College of Religion squads outrank the other school teams on that campus and at DePauw University daily intramural games are the center of atti action and the students turn out in wholesale lots to either watch or compete. Other colleges and universities feature “class” contests. PURDUE’S SUMMER SCHEDULE should meet with the approval of the student, and with the creased ratio prevailing the men, by all rights, should turn out. D.E.B.
Outdoor Track Titte
Evanston, 111,, May 16—(Special to the Pufdtie Exponent)— Sweeping away with seven first places to garner a grand total of ^66 points, tbe Ohio State track sq\iad won the outdoor Western Conference track championships here this afternoon. Pacing the field in yesterday’s opening races and field eliminations the Buckeyes, who — —
? ' • i
irisfi Track Team Favored To Wm State Meet Here
Petrich Wins First} 6-5/ NU Rallies, 3-2
had never won a Big Ten track title, led the field all the way and were never threatened after the outset of the meet. Score Grand Slam The 66 point total for the firsttime winners was a grand slam— the most made since Illinois scored a reeoid of 74 points in the 1924 championship meet. An exceedingly wet tiack and field prevented the possibilities of any record breaking during the meet as the athletes splashed down the home stretches in most of the races. Illinois, Indiana Second Tying for second in the Big Ten meet were Illinois and Indiana with 30 points apiece. Minnesota followed with 24^; Wisconsin, 20; and Michigan, favored to offer the Buckeyes stiong competition for fiist place honors, gathered in only
Conference Golf Meet Will Start Tomorrow ANN ARBOR, Mich., May 17.— (Special to the Purdue Exponent)—Ohio State’s Buckeye golfers are favored to win the 23rd annual Western Conference golf meet, to be held on the 6660-yard University of Michigan course tomorrow and Tuesday. With Illinois, title winners during the past two years, having lost most of its championship men this year, Northwestern and the' Wolverines cast themselves as principal chal- scui’.s low .scoring combination of lenders to the potent OSU ^apt. Burt Abiahams, Mauel do la , Tone, John Stoltz, and Dick Ha.simks team. Leading Ohio State into posiIllini Delcnders Hopeful ^jon as contender will be Billy GilWhile the defending champions bert. Conference individual winnei fiom Champaign are weakei than in 1940 who sin rendered the crown m 1911, when their foui-man team to Alex Welsh of Illinois last sea'-' led the field by 40 strokes loi 72 son Welsh has since been giadu-
holcb, the Illmi cannot be counted atecl.
completely out of the pontention. Tliey aie led by Johnny Holstiom, foimer Illinois stale amateur chanij), and aic hoping for a siii-
pi i.SC>.
Smith Leads Wolverines Ben Smith, low scoring junior from Fort Meyer.s, Fla., will lead the Michigan championship bid and will be an outstanding contender
Northwestern hopes piobably foi individual honois as well, will he pinned on Coach Ted Pay- The Boileimaker golf combina-
EDGERTON HDWE:, INC.
HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT lortc 4354 " We Deliver
19 points. The’ Wolverines, who had won seven hut of the past ten championships, did not get a first place. * Iowa’s tiack squad accounted for 17^2 points. Coach Hermon Phillips’ Boilermaker squad made a poor showing with two points, while Northwe'^tern received one and Chicago repeated its past athletic performances of the year with-a zqro. Wright Paces Winners Ohio’s. Bob Wright, senior dash and hurdle star, paced the winners with 13 points, receiving individual honors. Wright won both hurdles and placed third in the 100-yard dash. In the 120- yard hurdles he was five-tenths of a second above the record, but finished 20 feet ahead Pf Hank Vollenweider of lowa^ has nearest lival. Capt. Ralph Hammond edged out Iowa’s Lee Farmer a yard in the 100 yard dash in a driving stride and took the 220 in :21.5 with a 15foot lee-way over Farmer. Both Wright and Hammond failed to scoie near their former teammate Jesse Owen’s dash records. Nose Out Wolverines Ohio State’s other wins were in the mile relay, the 440 and the broad jump. The Bucks barely nosed out the Wolveiines' in the lelay, Russ Owen defeated Michigan’s Bob Ufer five yards in the 440 and Dallas Dupie took the broad jump. Campbell Kane, Indiana distance star, won in both the mile and halfmile inns, and Hoosier Earl Mitchell won the two-mile run. Al Jentsch of the Boilermaker squad set the pace most of the way in the mile run but faded in the home stretch. tion IS hoping that Wade Knipp, Indiana collegiate champion, will be able to leturn to the squad to compete in the championships. Knipp, who graduated two weeks ago, is working in a defense industry. Michigan has dominated previous Conference meets although Illinois tops the Wolverines in team titles won. The Ilhni have won six, Michigan five, Northwestern three, Chicago three, Minnesota two, Drake two (meet open to all in 1920 and 1921) and Ohio State once. The northern hosts have finished second 12 times—including the last thiee, and also lead in the number of individual titles won. The record team total of 1163 strokes was scored by Michigan in 1935.
Evanston, 111., May 16—(Special to the Purdue Exponent) —Coach Dutch Fehring’s Boilermaker baseball squad, win-
Notre Dame’s well-balanced track ners of a first game, 6-5, lost out in the sixth to the Wildteats squad will be a top-heavy favorite in the nightcap, losing 3-2. , to successfully defend its Indiana Playing on the soggy Evanston High School diamond, as Intercollegiate track and field the Northwestern diamond was under water, the Riveters championship in the annual meet slammed out a total of 12 hits — -
to be held this Saturday at 1 p.m. in the first game and eight in in Ross-Ade Stadium. • the second. Paul Petrich, hurlGun For Third Straight ing for the Gold and Black,
Riveter Pistol
The Irish, gunning for their third ’ struck out six, walked two, and A ^
straight state title, will be favored batters.
Another Honor
vie-**-’
You linoW iKe sfory* of Axis “diclalorship”—the lesson is there for all ^o read: Schools and colleges closed—or turned into breeding grounds for lies and hate. I Freedom of speech—«er6’ofci»/ Freedom to choose your friends-^—verhotenl . . All you need to learn is to obey!** Now they would attempt to put the yoke on us—on you. It must not happen here! Whatever the cost, the Axis must be smashed. Your part, as a college student, is clear. You may not be behind a gun today, but you can help today to give our soldiers, sailors, and mariues the weapons they need for Victory. Put your dimes and dollars into fighting uniform now by buying United States Savings Bonds and Stamps. You’ll help not only your country, but yourself—^because you are not asked to give your money, but to lend it. You can start huyiug " Bonds by buying Savings Stamps for as little ^s 10 cents. Start buying today—and keep it up! Save . . . and Save America with U. S. Savings BONDS* STAMPS
over an Indiana combination which
has its strength largely concentrat- l^®*Theit Starts It
ed in the middle distance runs. Walt Leifheit started the first Coach Hermon Phillips’ diminished game scoring in the first inning
track squad will attempt to place after he had doubled to deep left- Climaxing another successful seain the upper competitive bracket, field. Riley’s single to that same son in mai-ksmanship the BoilerGold and Black hopes for 1942 Position drove Leiflieit home. Leif- maker varsity pistol team swept to track honors faded by graduation again figured in Boilermaker a second place in the 1942 National and draft losses during the past scoring when he drove Burghardt Intercollegiate Pistol competition,
three weeks, were blacked-out in Burghardt on third held recently,
yesterday’s Bi^ Ten meet at North- ^ hai’d triple-sacker to left- Middies Win Meet
western.
Point winners in the “Little State” championships at Greencastle, also held yesterday,’are expect-
Placing second with a score of 1350 points, just nine less than the total garnered by the winning Middies of the U. S. Naval Acad-emy,
field.
Northwestern scoied two runs in the fifth frame on successive hits by Wendlund, Erdlitz. Petrich was
ed to figure prominently in Satur- ^Bnost knocked out of the box, but Lt.' G. L. Brown’s squad topped all day’s scoring and their peiform- stayed in to out-ride the Wildacts. other collegiate entries,
ances will undoubtedly have a large ^ double play, Burghardt to Myers,
hand in determining the title win- ^he sides,
ner. The Butler Bulldogs, DePauw Score Three In Sixth Tigers, and Ball State Teacher Carl Hipp lan across the third squad have been given excellent mn after Smith’s double* to leftchances to finish well up in the point center in the sixth inning. Beito scoring column. singled to i ightfield, scoring Smith, Kane—Record Smasher ^I'd Myers’ single advanced Berto Most of the existing state rcc- to third base. Beito scored the sixth Olds appear to be safe, although I'vn when Petiich foiced Myers at
Campbell Kane, the Hoosier dis- second.
tance wonder, is capable of shattering the existing marks in both the half-mile and one mile runs—providing the weather conditions are
favorable.
Slate Kccords To Date
E'cistmK Indiana rueerdb are as followb100 Yard dash—:09 6, Collier, Indiana (1937) and ClifTord, Notre Dhmc (1938) 220 yard dash—.21.0, Coltier, Indiana
(1937).
410 yard dash— 48 0, Fuqua, Indiana (1931) and Cochran, Indiana (1941) 880 yard lun—1-62.7, Francis. Notre
Damo (1938)
One Mile Run—1 11, Smitli, Indiana
(1937).
Two Milo Run—-9 17 5, Lash, Indiana,
(1937).
120 Yard Hiah Hurdles—.14.3, Gutting,
Purdue (1939).
220 Yard Low Hurdles—:23 1, Cochran,
Indiana (1939)
High Jump—6 ft, 73^ in. Nelson, But-
ler (1932)
Pole Vault—13 ft, 6 in., Gibbs. Notre
Dame (1938)
Broad Jump—21 ft, 1 in,, Meagher, No-
tre Dame (1936)
Shot Put—51 ft, 2-Ki in , Brosey, Notre
Dame (1940)
Discus Thiow—104 ft.,
dlana (1939)
Javelin Tlirow—20G ft., 6 in. Pul vis, Pur-
due (1916).
One Mile Relay—3.16 9, Indiana (Harpold, Bicking, Hornbostel, Fuqua—1934). Musical Organizations
Will Hold Picnic
Next Sunday the Musical Organizations, including the Glee Club, the Choir, and the Orchestra, will
In the ninth inning Wendlund reached first base on Burghardt’s error; Erdlitz walked, and both scoied on Hirsch’s triple to deep 1 ight-center. H i r s c h scampered home when Burghardt erroied on Meischuck’s grounder.
Myers Leads Hitters
Myers led the Boilermaker hitting with a double and two singles in fom trys. Every Purdue player
had at least one hit. SECOND GAME
Ed Misselhorn pitched the nig-ht-cap for the Boilermakers—a seven inning game by agreement. Leifheit tallied a run in the third inning for Fehring’s squad. Burghardt was safe on shortstop Lindberg’s error, but was forced at second by Leifheit, who m turn advanced on
Hams, In- I^indberg’s wide throw in an at-
tempted double play. Young’s double to left-center scored Leif-
heit.
Myers scored on Burghardt’s single to left in ,the fifth inning, after advancing to second. Groham Scores In Sixth Northwestern’s Otto 'Graham stepped up to Misselhorn and was safe on a fielder’s choice. Advanc-
Third place was captured by Virginia Military Academy with a score of 1303 with other college
teams ranking lower. Dodds Takes Second
In individual matches held along with the team competition, four of Lt. Brown’s men placed. John F. Dodds looks second place with a score of 279; Bob Essig captured ninth with 268; James; McCarthy finished 13th with 265; and Warren Yoder finished in 17th place
with a score of 255.
All of the pistol scores were obtained from individual shootingS'.at the individual schools, each, en^y sending its score to Washington. The Boilermakers fired on April 18.
Second In State
Finishing second in the In-diaua pistol meet, the Gold and Black marksmen also chalked up a total of 20 wins, as compared to four losses. Three Riveter pistol aces finished first in the state epn^etition, with many others taking second and third place berths.
I 1
Women's Singles Tennis Tourn/tment Will Begin May 25 Women’s Single Tennis TouTiiament, open to all University coeds, will begin on Monday, May 25, according to an announcement from the Women’s Athletic Association. All coeds are eligible for the tour-
hold a picnic at the grounds behind ”’8' Lmdberg’s single to nament if they sign their names on
the stadium starting at 4 p. m. and continuing until dark. It will be of the potluck type, with each member bringing what he chooses. Recreation will bo provided.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
center, the wiry sophomore stole home to score the winning run. The Boilermakeis failed to make a comeback in the seventh, and the Wildcats won, 3-2. The Riveters will attend the Washington - Chicago game this afternoon a.s guests of
the White Sox.
Results:
Fast game:
R H E
Purdue 101 013 OOx—6 12 4 N. U 000 020 003—5 10 1
Phone 2343
SCOBEE’S All Kinds of Photographic Supplies — Fresh Filin and Filin Pks , - Try Our QiiuUty Kodak Finiifiing — PROMPT SERVICE 105 Norlhwcslern A>e.
the sheet on the bulletin board in the Women’s Memorial gymnasium and complete three practice games before May 25. Further information may be obtained from Evelyn Schuber.'who is in charge of tennis.
Petrich and Smith; Hoi lick, Zec^ man (5), Motl (7), Gargas ami Bowen. Second game: Pin due 001 010 0—2 8 1 N. U. 000 201 X—3 33 MiSocdhoin and Smith; Esser and Bowen.
THE BUR-PAT STORE WISHES TO ANNOUNCE NEW MANAGEMENT! Herb Michaelis succeeds Don Voelker, and his wile, Eleanor, will take Ruthmary's place. COME IN AND GET ACQUAINTED! NOW OPEN YEAR-ROUND Let us serve your fraternity needs, BURR,PATTERSON
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
In Technicolor Triumph
& AULD CO.
113 NORTHWESTERN IN THE VILLAGE
PH. 2523
Clark Gable and Vivien LeigKi|iii(a (Scene from Margaret Mitoltblira famed novel of the South “Goiie With 'I'he Wind” which opens a foar dtt.v return engagement at the Laf* aielte Theatre todaj.||,_1 ■ I'c ■, (pi,, feljvK/'
fe
lljiiiversity Calendar Week of May 17-23 Sunday, May 17
7:30 P.M.-
National Council Catholic Women /.....Memorial Union -Scrivener\Club Meeting ...Room 261, Union
Monday, May 18
National Council Catholic, Women 10:00 AM.—^County Agents Meeting .... 7:00 P.M.—University Club Bridge 7:30'P.M.—Alpha Phi Omega Meeting.. 8:00 P.M.—Reamers Meeting
7:30 P.M.
7:30 7:30 7:30
Christian
' zation P.M.—Silver Mask P.M.—Ceres Club P.M.^—Alpha Phi Omega .
Tuesd
.Memorial Union .Room 304, Union
.Rooms 355 & 363, Union
-Room 307, Union .Room 304, Union
.Room 303, Union .Room 304, Union .Room 305, Union .Room 307, Union
4:00 P.M.6:45 P.M!7:30 P.m!7:30 P.M.3:00 P.M.7:30 P.M.7:30 P.M.10:00 A.M.4:00 P.M.4:30 P.M.8:30 P.M.-
2:30 P.M. 8:30 P.M.
Wednesday, May 20 -YWCA Tea ........West Faculty Lounge,
Union
-A.I.E.E. Dinner Meeting East Faculty Lounge
Union
-Marriage Course : Rooms 302 & 304, Union -Purdue Forestry Club Room 225, Hurt Building Thursday, May 21 -Screen Review Music Hall -Stitch & Sew Club Room 261, Union -Christian Student Fellowship..Room 307, Union Friday, May 22 —State Planning Committee T & IE Room 263, Union -Baseball—Minnesota ........Baseball Diamond -Cosmopolitan Club Room 304, Union -Sigma Alpha Epsilon Dance....North Ballroom, Union
Sa^urday, May 23
Outdoor' State Track Meet -Baseball—-Minnesota -Mixer
....Baseball Diamond ....North Ballroom, Union
Personnel Notes Correspondent
Atlas Powder Company, Weldon Spring, Missouri (St. Louis area) —Women Chemi.sts for laboratory work. Sign in Peisonnel Office by Wednesday, May 20. Vought-Sirkosky Aircraft, Stratford, Conn.—M.E., E.E., Ch.E., Met. G. C.E. and Sci. Also women with drafting training. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, May 20. National Malleable and Steel Castings Company, Medro.se Park, 111.—Chemists and Met. E. Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, May 22. Young Convo (Continued from page 1) rnent to sit in a Chinese dug-out while American-built Jap-piloted planes dropped bombs around them. Young Attacks U. S. Policy Young attacked Attorney-General Biddle’s policy of allowing Japanese in the United States to retain their civil liberties. Biddle’s policy has stopped investigations of Jap aliens by the Dies Committee. He stated that there are, at the, present, three Buddhist priests in Sacremento who are members of what amounts to a Japanese Gestapo, and he mentioned a JapAnierican paper on the west coast which prints stories complimentary to the American forces on the front pages and prints the same stories in Japanese on the back from a Japanese nationalist standpoint. Predicts Japanese Fall Young believes that the Japanese are bound to give out as soon as their supply of material from the U. S. and Britain is consumed in their war effort. “Japan is an octoi)u.s,’’ he said, “and.the best way to put them out of the fight is to hit them over the head where their strength lies.” WBAA To Present Glee Club Records University Glee Cluli will present a 15 minute in’ogj'am over WBAA Wednesday, May 20, at 7:30 )). in. The records that won the Glee Club a place in the National finals will he played and the coming ti'iii to New York will be explained.
(Continued from page 1) til he had the people “drinking the stuff,” and he even gave away YoYos to make the Japs chew gum. The Japanese people have taken baseball from the Americans and have adopted it as their national sports with 70,000 people attending each game. Young seized upon this as an advertising scheme and his paper sponsored a visit by Connie Mack, Babe Ruth, Lou Gehrig, and other baseball notables who played all over the country. Babe Ruth was so impressed by the courtesy of the Jap umpire, who officiated in morning coat and striped trousers, that the Babe tipped his hat to him when coming
to bat.
Writes Book In Five Weeks His best-known book, “Behind the Rising Sun,” 160,000 words, was written in a period of five weeks on a dictaphone! His most recent book, 60,000 words, was written in seven
days.
Young’s particular delight is to see his “scare” stories published in a pulp magazine with a terrific horror picture on the front cover.
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines, ail maken sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work dune. C. J. KbershofT, 606 Main,
Lafayette. Phone 2779.
. We are luHjly in of hoys to work on liaiKiuet and eountcr. Will you please leave your name ,nt the Union Cafeteria
On’iee if you can work.
Lost: Hniwn Ic-nUht wallet on or near rampu-^. Ut'wanl. W. .laekson. oPHP.
High Grade thre< drawing instrument excellent' ctimlili
Tin's
$10..00.
et F.ni big t
liob Kwing -Mars Th.eatrt
Merry-Go Round... (Continued from page 2) Biggest problem Biddle now faces is German and Italian nationals along the Atlantic seaboard. Army brasshats have been demanding that everyone born in Germany or Italy and still unnaturalized b^ moved west of the Allegheny mountains. However, this would mean a mass trek numbering perhaps a million. And along the Pacific Coast, even the movement of 100,000 Japr anese proved a terrific headache. Therefore Biddle is working on the policy of picking out the dangerous groups among Germans and Italians, but leaving those whose loyalty seems OK. Many of them arc oldsters who left Europe before the days of dictators. Many even have sons in the U; S. Army. However, the .iob of sorting the loyal from the disloyal is going to be one of the toughest .iobs the Justice Department ever faced. • Roosevelt's Choice No. 1 choice of the President for the next governor of New York is tall, erudite Owen D. Young, lawyer, one-time chairman of General Electric, also of Radio Corporation of America, real author of the Dawes Plan, and a dairy farmer. However, the big hitch is that no one has. yet succeeded in persuad-: ing Young to run for the Democratic nomination. Meanwhile, Democratic politicos are in a stew over the brain-wrack-ing problem of finding a champion who would have a good chance against hustling, ambitious Tom Dewey, a cinch for the Republican nomination unless Wendell Willkie throws his hat into the ring. And that is exactly what a lot of leaders in both parties want Willkie to do. C e r t a i n top-rail Democratic chieLs have seriously proposed that Willkie go after both the Democratic and Republican nominations on two ground.s: (1) that both parties could unite behind his wholehearted support of the war program, (2) that a bitter political battle would be averted in the middle
of war.
Willkie has told intimates that he doesn’t want to run, but is prepared to unless Dewey climbs off the fence on isolation. Behind the scenes, there is no love, lost between these two. Dewey has his eyes glued on 1944 and sees Willkie as his most serious obstacle to another shot at the White House. • Democratic Tangle The situation in the Democratic camp is bedlam. Jiin Farley as State Chairman, is staunchly backing Attorney General Bennett on the ground that he “deserves” the nomination. However, even Farley admits privately that Bennett would have a tough time beating Dewey. David Dubinsky, pi'csident of the International L a d i e s Garment Workers and a big gun in the American Labor Paity, is resolutely backing Lt. Gov. Polctti. Polctti is a scholarly libeial and political protege of Gov. Lehman, who also would like to see him nominated. But Polctti lacks campaign oomph and' would be an even weaker candidate than Bennett. , Other pai'ty chief.s are touting Senator Jim Mead, an up-Statecr with a long pro-lahpr record and a good vote getter. But Mead is happ.V in the Senate and sees no reason to risk a sure thing for an uncertain one. In (he past week, the name of A1 Smith has been suggested in inner parly circles. But even though he lias been a consistent supporter of the President’s foreign policies. Smith’s name evoked little enthus-
iasm.
Insiders say there is little doulit tliat if Farley wanted the no'minatioii he could get it easily. And if
Notices
SCOUTING THE
West Lafayette Baptist Church Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason, Minister and Pastor of Students 9:30—Roger Williams Club class. 10:36—Church Worship Service. The message vv.ill be “The Authority of a Changed Life.” Mrs. A. T. Price will sing “The Loi’d is My Light and My Salvation” by Alliston and the choir will sing “I
Waited For the Lord.”
4:00—The Roger Williams Club will meet at the church and go to Wiley’s for an outdoor meeting. In the event of rain the supper will be held at the church at 5:30 for 15 cents. All students and young people are invited. y \
Purdue Christian foundation Sunday Program at Llifayettc Christian Chui'ch Sixth & North St. 9:l5—Catch ride from 131 S.
Grant.
9:30-7-Student Class. Prof. B. L. Dodds of the Education Dept., will speak. Here’s a man who will challenge you to think. 10:40—-Church Worship Service. The Rev. Doyle Mulleii will preach the sermon. Communion Service as
usual.
5:00 — Forum-out-of-doors with hike to Happy Hollow. 16o Campfire Supper. Subject of discussion, “Leadership in P. C. E.” m charge of the Senior Executives. Recreation led by Libby Baughma n. Singing led by Ken Truax. Violin duet by Bob Smith and Jim Billingsly, and a clarinet duet by Bob King and Gerald Kinnear. Herschel Kilgore will lead us irt vespers. We’ll return by 8:00 o’clock. Students To Present 'Games On Green' Next Tuesday Annual program sponsored during the summer session for mixed recreation etitled “Games on the Green” will once more be ofl’ered to the' students next Tuesday evening at 7 p. ni. in and north of the Fieldhouse. . Badminton, paddle tennis, volleyball, croquet, tennis and- softball equipment will be available for the participants. These programs have in past years proven to be quite popular with the student'body. Since many of the campus social activities have been eliminated by the condensed program this semester they will he continued for the entire semester.
he was sure he could win, Farley woukrp.robably run. But he has his doubts. Also lie is doing well in business .arid after eight years as a Roosevelt cabinet memiier he has no illusions about holding luiblic of-
fice.
What the outcome of the scranihlo will be anyone’s guess. Owen D. Young could give a lot of big shots a lot of headaches if he agreed to run.
Merry-Go-Round
Pi Tail Sifrnia: April initii*tcs—Member- S Hhip cards how available ^ at Main Office, 5 ME building. —KINNEY S
Purchasers of Debris: Those who have not received their copiesiof thcT942 Debris must henceforth report to Mr. Boddqn’s office in the Executive Building to receive their cop-’ ies. We warned you. —ADAMS Preshman Camp Counselors: Anyone in- ‘ lereated in acting as a counselor at the August fre.shman camp should call or get in touch with Dr. Graves (81G42), Schollil (5062), or Singer (8421).
—SINGER
Roger Williams Club: Members meet at the Baptist Church at corner of Columbia and Chauhecy streets at 4 p.m. Sunday, May 17, and from there go to Wiley’s for outdoor meeting. In case of rain you will meet at the church at 5:30 p.m. as usual. Zouaves: All members interested*in making a trip to Indianapolis Friday, May 22, meet in Armory tonight at 4 p.m.
—HUNT
All Scouts and Seputers: Alpha Phi' Omega open meeting. Scoutmaster Omar Ford to speak Monday, May 18, at 7:30 p.m., room 307 in Union. —^^WILBUR Pi Tnu Sigma: Meeting Monday/ May 18, at 4 p.m. in reading room. Discussion of summer activities. , —KOERNEU Debris Business Staff : Important meeting for all sophomore business workers at 4 p.m. Thursday, May 23. —McLaughlin Purdue Players: The executive board of Purdue Players will meet Monday, May 18, at 4 p.m. in Fowler Hall. —OSBORN Pharmacy Students: Meeting of A.Ph.A. Monday, May 18, in Room 311 of Pharmacy Building at 4 p.m. —GOHMANN Theta Alpha Phi: Meeting Wednesday noon, May 20, in the cafeteria. Be there if possible. —CLARK Roger Williams Chib: . Roger Williams Club members meet at Baptist Church at corner (»f Columbia and Chauncey Sts. at 4 p.m. Sunday, May 17, and from there go to Wiley’s for outdoor meeting. In case of rain meet at Church at 5 :30 as usual.
—ULREY
Exponent Juniors: Important meeting Monday. May 18, at 4:15 p.m. in the Exponent office. No excu.sed absences. This means both” eds and coeds. —BROPHY Reamers: Reamer meeting Monday, May 18; 7:30 . p.m. in Room 304. ■—KNOTE TKA: Meeting of all rnembers Monday at 4:15. p.m. in University Hal).
—WEISS
Zouaves: Squad for Ihdianniiol.is drill will ho selected Monday afternoon. All who arc interested be out. - -JACKSON Horticulture Society: The picnic for May 20 has been postponed. Watch the Exponent for , further notices. —BILLINGSLEY POMM: Important business meeting Wednesday. May 20, at 7:30 p.m. in Union. Pledges will he selected, program for semi'ster api>roved, and firing sriuad for memorial selected. —JACKSON Union Building As.signmcnts: Organtzalifjns'wishing permanent rooms in the Me-, morial Ui’iqi for the n<‘xl two semesters will submit written petitions to the Student Union Offices before Friday, May 22. Please slate .size of organization and rea.sons for reijuesting a permaiumt room. -DEUSTER. Camp Mina-wanka Alumni: All those interested in the work of the American Youth Foundation Contact Dr. G'. H. Graves, phone 31G42. before Monday, Mav 2~\ ' - GRAVES Berea College Alumni: Former students and others interested in Berea College, Kentucky. contact Dr. G. H. Graves, phone 31642. liefbre Monday, May 25. —GRAVES Radio Club: Meeting Wednesday. May 20 in room .5 of the EE building. Interestiiig speaker.s. Refreshments. ■ rWESTNEAT WAA Tennis Tournament: Siiiglo.s tournanieiit will be stiirted Monday, May .25. Three Tirfielices are required before entrance into competition. —WALKER Sciivcncr: Meeting Sunday, May 17... at 7:30 p.m. in room 261 in The Union Buildiug. —DRAY Metallurgical Engineers: .Tunior-seiiior soflhal! gaine xs'ill be held on diamond 4 Monday, May 18. at 4 p.m. — SCHALLIOL Metallurgical Engineers: AI ME smoker will he lield Wodnesflay. May 27, at '7:30 p.m. in t!\e West Faculty lounge of the Union. All interested students are invited. - SGHALLIOL Undcrgradualc Dames Club: Rough inilillation will he held oti Tiiesday, May l!l, at the home of Mrs. Oscar We.sser, 108 North Sali.shury. All wives of undergraduate students are jnvit.'d. • Patronize Exponent Advertisers
with Judy McCullouqh
HEY I FOR NOVEL GIFT SUGGESTIONS . . hurry to Southtoorth’s downstairs gift store and jewelry department! Here you’ll find a parade of unusual summer jewelry in a rainbow of pastels. Shells, seeds, beads and tricky treatment of plastics make up miladyi'i current costume accessories, while pastel leather scores another hit—this time in compacts. Incidentally handkerchiefs this season are quite definitely for show as well as blow. You’ll like the gift store; jfsplay of fine linen hand rolled embroidered and novelty dje^i^r ed hankies. If your interested in a bargain, herb’s the thini:,! For a limited time only,/with every dollar bottle of .Qady Colgne—‘Evening Fragrance’ Southivorth’s are givini/Tree a dollar bottle of Cady Sparkling Bubble, a non-drying Bubble Bath, in pine or filoral fragrance. “AND THE DRESS SHE WAS WEARING ... was a ‘cover girl creation’ from the May issue of Mademoiselle!” What is more, even you can be wearing this very same classic in your choice of two favorite hues—bright red or kelly green, for r'irsw is one of many similarly smart dresses featured in Loeb’iS* second floor dress salon. Made of EverFast Crown Tested rayon linen, (otherwise known as butcher linen) the ensemble includes a neatly tailored skirt, pleated front and back; a fitted jacket blouse; and a red and white or green and white pique gilet, v-neck with a pleated ruffle trim. White saddle stitching around the entire blouse and large pockets give it a casual blazer effect, and large plain mother-of-pearl buttons add to the tailoring. It’s delightfully cool, and thoughtfully priced at twelve dollars and ninety-five
cents.
YOU CAN NOW OBTAIN . . . the Book-of-the-Month Club Service from the University Book Store —an introduction to hours of pleasurable reading from the new books you intend to buy and read, but somehow “never get around to it.” A subscription to this service simply requires that you purchase at least four books-of-the-Month during the year, in return for which you receive several advantageous book offers. When you first subscribe, as a new subscriber, you receive a free book, and then with every two books-of-the-Month you buy you receive one choice book-dividend free; so that actually for every dollar you pay for a book-of the-Month you get almost three-fourths of it back in’the form of free books. Why not make the most of your leisure this summer ? The Book-of-the-Month Club selection for June is The Song of Bernadette by Franz Werfal, plus a fascinating war story, Victory Through Air Power, by Major Alexander P. De Seversky.' FOR A FAIR AND COOLER SUMMER ... and a spiffy sharpness as well Geisler’s present a complete selection of the finest straw hats. Styleperfection in dark brown, tan, yellow and white, these soft straw are made in a variety of fambus braids—Jamaic, Baku, Nassau, Cocoanut Palm, Aruba, Cat Cay and Leghorn^—that literally promise to add that final touch to your super summer “zoot suit”. And if you like cheery bands—bands that strike a bright note (hat bands of course) you’re bound to admire these straws with their colorful trims in plain bright colors or gay prints. Prices start at two dollars. DATELINE, SUMMER 1912 . . . featuring a deluge of dainty dresses (lov- ' able tubables) styled by CaroP King .and presented to you exclusively by Queen City. Among the many clever one and twopiece styles are pastel sports dresses lovely sheers and bembergs, multicolored frilly C or tailored dresses, torso waistlines, twopiece seersucker casuals, and delicate dotted Swiss frocks with lingerie trim. Quite as attractive as these on-to-summer classics themselves is the moderate price range from six and.a half dollars to twelve dollars and ninety-eight cents. The junior sizes are from 9 to 15, with an unlimited selection in each size.
U. S. farmei’s arc (loins’- well that g-Qvernment credit ag-cncics report taking- in more i-noney in moi't-g-ag-e payments than they are lending- out.. Also, many farmer.s are building- up reserve funds ag-ainst debts in the post--war period .
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store Across From Union ‘Red*’ SanimonB *29 “Doc** Epple *40
PAUL'S PLACE BEEF STEAK —- BEEF-BARB-Q HOME MADE CHILI PORK TENDERLOIN FURNAS ICE CREAM Phone 2645 216 W. Columbia Sh Wc Deliver
RUGS CLEANED in the largest, most niodern rug cleaning plant in northwestern Indiana when sent to the Crown. No rug too large. Orientals or domestic. Phone 4073 I I Crown Laundry
Top of the Hill
jjor NATURAL^/
They'll never grow out of style) Everybody knows they're so easy...so soft...so wonder. swell to slip into and get going; Sires 3 to ^
322 MAIN STREET.
LAFAYETTE
ATTENTION HOUSE MANAGERS! BUY YOUR DISHES \ - GLASSWARE AND UTENSILS '% _FR0M~ GILLESPIE’S Store, Reslnurunl and liar Supplies, 221 Coluiiibiu St., Plioiie 61(>.'5
MEN IN THE SEEVICE ULL AGREE!
SrE'T^ OTaEaS-SivSiS- top
''Parker is the one ioi me'' 1. The original military type clip for concealed carrying. 2. Super-Charged — holds more ink because of Parker’s Vacumatic construction; 3Y14K Gold Osmiridium tipped'point rwon’t wear scratchy in a lifetime.
SEE HtJR GOMINLETE STOex^f PAIiKEBS
DECKER’S INC. 518-20 Main .. . Phone 5086
mM) f •'! ’ -.r.
.,x
■1'A