Minuses Of War Council's Latest Mooting—Page 2
Established T88S
9 Daily Since 1906
Swimmers Ogneit Season With Win As Fencers Lose
V^l^tne $3, No. 107
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, February 1,1942
Canners Meet Tuesday Iw Annual Conference
wtsiamoii Merry-60-
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Nelson Cracks Down On 0PM Power Group For Private Activities « WASHINGTON — War Production Chief Donald Nelson has completed the ,first assignment given him by the President — to crack "^down on the OPM’s utility-staffed power division. ^Nelson moved so fast in executing the order that the dollar-a-year ^tilityites still don’t know what hit them. When Nelson went to the White House the day he was appointed, ^^Roosevelt devoted the first part of the conference to a caustic denunciation of OPM’s failure to deal effectively with the nation’s power problem. Almost his first words were, in effect: “The electric power situation is in a terrible mess. We face a serA)us power shortage for our war industries. A shortage of critical materials is partly responsible, but another factor is the'^ attitude of the Utilities, which are still thinking in terms of what they can get out of the government in this emergency, instead of what they can give.’’ ^ Roosevelt also charged that although there is urgent need for expanding power programs, such as those of the Rural Electrification 'kdministration, the utilities are vising every “trick’’ to block that because of fear of competition after the war. He had been informed, the President added sharply, that the' utilities were getting effective under cover aid in this activity ^from dollar-a-year henchmen in the 0PM, who were sniping at public iiower projects by priority blacklisting and other methods. •iThis, he told Nelson, must stop— and stop immediately. “I feel about this just as you do,” /•eplied Nelson. “I’ll look into the situation immediately.” Nelson made good within three days by intervening in a savage -%rawl in Arkansas between the REA and a private utility pool, headed (Continued on page 2)
Dean Reed To Speak At Afternoon Session Indiana canners, fieldmen and farmers will meet on campus Wednesday and Thursday, February 3 and 4, for their fifteenth annual conference. Canners and fieldmen from other midwestern states are also expected to attend. The pui-pose of the program is to improve the food products of Indiana. The program will open Tuesday morning at 10 a. m. with a tomato plant disease conference. The development of disease resistant plants, seed treatment, spraying, and dusting, and the'influence of nitrogen, phos; phorus and potash will be discussed by R. E. Lincoln, R. W. Samson, J. D. Hartman and H. R. Thomas of the University staff. Dean Reed To Speftk ^ H. J. Reed, Dean of the School of Agriculture will open the afternoon session. Dean Reed will have for his topic, “Purdue and You.” The relation of the canning progiam to the United States Department of Agriculture Defense Board and labor problems in tomato picking will be discussed. In the evening an “In and at ’Em” dinner will be held in the Union Building. Dr. Louis Seais, professor of history, will speak on the topic, “So Far—So What?” The General Chemical Company will show the film “Combat,” which tells of the war between insects, diseases and man.'The evening will be closed with a parley on “Plans for Better' Plants for the ’42 All Out Production.'” Representatives from Georgia and other plant sources will be present. Production Problem Aids Wednesday the chief subject will be aids for ’42 production. Pioblems connected with pea and tomato production v^ill be taken up. Representatives of the Continental Can' Company and the American Can Company will lead||,discussion sections. In the afternoon there will be a “Hot Stove League Conferepce” for organizing field men, farmers and canners for all out production in Indiana. Wednesday'night the conference will close with a “Sons O’ Soil” Dinner, at which Governor Henry F. Schricker will be a guest. At this piogram awards will be announced.
Elliotts Will Entertain Students From Abroad President and Mrs. Elliott will be at home to the students from other lands today from 4 to 6 p. m.
Photography Course Instructs Students In Picture Developing
f By Jean Lauer Attracting a limited number of |students, the photography course Offered by the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering School is one of the most interesting courses of,^fered by the University. Due to limited dark-room and equipment *' facilities, only 12 students are enrolled each semester. Generally (Several co-eds are included in this number, although this semester there is an all-male enrollment. Eckel Teaches Course ^ Taught by Prof. J. F. Eckel, it is a 3-ciedit couise, made up of one hour of lecture and two 3-hour labs k’very week. The student must furnish his own film and paper, while a special fee of 6 dollarli covers 'Jthc lab equipment—enlargers, developing materials and piinting 1 ij^boxes. If possible, the student should also provide his own camera, although the school will furnish him with one if he desires, s The two main aims of the course % lire to teach the techniques pf ex- \ posure and development, for after Vthese techniques are mastered for one camera, they can be applied to any camera. Many students take ' the course to help in developing a
Buckeyes Down Riveters, 46 - 40 Relief Fund Committee Boilermakers Ahead At Intermission Will Open Drive Feb. 4 But Buckeyes Sta^e Last-Half Rally
Composed of three faculty members and four student members, the Relief Fund Coordinating Committee authorized by President Elliott will open its intensive drive for funds next Wednesday, Feb. 4. Continuing a week until Feb. 11, the drive will replace the numerous small drives for individual charities
prevalent in past years. All funds collected in the drive
will be put into one^ large pool, to be distributed to various charities that held individual drives in the past. While the distribution of the funds will be at the discretion of the committee, individual contrjbu-
Editor’s Note: Fuither discussion of class tions may be earmaiked for certain attondancu will be found in today’s editoi^ial. . ... i .i . o .
chanties by the contributor.
Class Cutting-
It Must Go!
It has been brought to our attention that there have been an excessive number of class cuts this
Fund To Assist Charities
Charities which the Fund will assist are: the Red Cross, disaster
semester. The Student War Coun- emergency relief society; the
cil recently recommended that the Executive Committee not change fhe present ruling permitting vol-
World Student Service Fund, agency for helping students and piofessors who are victims of war;
untary class attendance for juniors, British War Relief Society, British seniors, and certain other students child Aid, and Save the Childien because it felt that the students of Federation, British relief societies Purdue wo^d realize theif respon- civilians and children in sibility during the war. Britain; and the United China ReWe assured the University offic- lief, for helping civilians in China, ials.that students were aware of Also the Golden Rule Foundation, the necessity of attending classes, caring for war orphans; the United and present regulations were not Service Organization, providing rechanged because of this recommen- creation facilities for the armed dation. forces; the American Field .Seivice, However, we now feel that the providing ambulances for Britain; students have let down their War and othei oiganizations deemed Council, which is their representa- needing of funds by the committee, tive body. If the students don’t co- Hockema Chairmans Group operate in this matter, the Council Chairman of the recently oi-gan-
will of necessity have to withdraw its recommendation to the Execu-
tive Committee.
Student War Coqncil.
ized committee is Pi of. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president. Dean M. L. Matthews of the School of Home Economics and Prof. L. M. Sears of the dept, of histoiy, economics and government aie the other two faculty membeis on the committee. Dean Matthews and Piofessor Sears a/e in charge of collections from the faculty. Student members are A. W. S. Defense Chairman Florence Croll, Senate President Richard Dibos, A. W. S. President Agnes McCulloch and P. I. A. Piesident Damon Elder.
By Sally Beall Elder is in chaige of collections Next Wednesday night the Tii- ^he student body, tons will be out to spear the Dol- House Presidents To Meet phins when these two sw'imming ^ meeting of presidents of all
honoraiies meet each other on the f^a,teinities, sororities, co-op
WBAA Quiz Program series at 8 l^o^ses, residence hall units, stup. m. Triton, the co-ed organize- activities, and student oigan-
WBAA Will Pit Triton, Dolphin Clubs In Quiz
tion, will be lepresented by Shirley Emhoff, Shirley Johnson and Mildied Smith, while Dick Kratzei, Freddie Herr and Joe Williamson
w'lll speak for the Dolphins. Open Meeting Scheduled
izations will be held Tuesday evening to acquaint them with the operation and aims of the diive. Starting at 7:30 p. m. in the Senate office, the meeting will feature talks by Dick Dibos, Florence Cioll and Agnes McCulloch. Damon Elder
Triton Club, will hold an open ^^ill be in charge of the meeting,
meeting next Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in the Women’s gym. All gills interested in swimming or diving are invited to attend. Activities of the club will be explained and the requisites for membership will be out-
lined.
The club, founded at the Univei-
tool for use in other courses or in scientific research work. For example, photography is utilized in metallography to study the micro-structures of metals, and in biology and botany to make peimanent lecords of microscopic fields. Proper Exposures As the first exdicise of the course, the student makes a timedensity plate in which he studies propel exposure. In printing this first plate he tries to correct, as fai as possible, for improper exposure. The second lesson stresses varied development, to obtain desired contrast. An important object of these lessons is to teach the student to analyze and criticize his own work. During the semester the student does some copy work, takes pictures of machinery and of people at work (lessons which emphasize the industrial and practical nature of the couise) and works on some paiticular project of his own fancy. Often these special projects are utilized for other courses, e. g., one boy who was in the Ag school made lantern slides of weed seeds to en-i large and show their characteristics.
Playshop Announces Completion of Casting Cast for the ne.xt Playshop production, “Beyond the Hoiizon,” has
sity 'm 'ig'srm^^deV the direction of completed, according to an anMiss Hilda Schwehf, now has a total "ouncement received from Bill membership of fifty. Meetings are ‘^•yeetor of the play, hold evei’y Tuesday night fiom 7:30 Leinberger will play the pait to 8:30. Membership is I’estricted to of Mayo and Tom Bushnell those co-eds who successfully pass ^ poitray the part of Ben, the'
lequired tests which include sui- ^’“od'nan.
face diving, three strokes in good members of the cast inform, floating and treading water, oii-'de Betty Erick as Ruth Atkins Girls who wish to become members Arthur Barab as Robert will be given two weeks to qualify, ^^^o, John Claik as James Mayo; , in iu 1 Doris Tribble as Kate Mayo; HarOn Febiuary 10 the annual worn- , , ti, r. t • , . , ... 1, old Warien as Captain Scott; Lois en s intramural swimming meet will t \r u a.,. , , , A, XU , m Vaughn as Mrs. Atkins and
take the place of the regular Ti-
ton meeting. The public is invited to attend the meet, which will be held at 7:30 in the Women’s gym. Any girl who has- put in five onehalf hour practices may swim or dive for her house or waul. Besides the regulation .races there will be competition in form of stroke, diving and comedy lacing. Sharp Will Speak Today At Presbyterian Church Dr. Alexander E. Sharp of Indianapolis will speak at the Univeisity Presbyterian Chuich this morning at 10:30. His theme will be “The Time Is Now.” For several year.s Di. Sharp was pastor of the University Church at Madison, Wisconsin. Now he is Executive Secretary of the Synod of Indiana of the Piesbyterian Church. The student choir, with John Mingle as director and Nancy Young as organist, will sing.
LeMoyne Fainsworth as Dr. Faw-
cett.
Woik has already begun on the play which will be presented during the fiist week in Maich. d.e.b. Schuck To Address Defense Committee Di. Cecelia Schuck, Professor of Nutrition in the School of Home Economics and a member of the State Nutrition Committee, will speak today in Indianapolis before the county directors of the Women’s Division of Civilian Defense and the county chairmen of nutrition. Dr. Schuck’s topic .will be plans foi oiganization of local communities for nutiition woik. The meeting has been called for the discussion of health and defense problems by all the county civilian defense duectors in Indiana. s,r.b.
School Will Feature Air Raid Protection For Industrial Units 75 Companies To Attend 5 Day Training Program Adequate war-time protection of plants, machines, pioducts, and piocesses will be stressed at the five-day industiial protection school to be held at the University, starting Tuesday, accoiding to Capt. K. E. Kline, in chaige of the industiial protection division of the University Public Safety Institute. 75 Companies To Take Part Approximately 75 of the larger industrial oiganizations within the state are expected to take advantage of the training offered. Methods of dealing with bombs and explosives, sabotage and other emergencies will be among the principal subjects discussed, but fire prevention, police tactics and patrol problems, teaching methods, records and evidence, traffic and small arms flung are also scheduled for discussion. The school is a pait of the Industrial Protection Tiaming progiam and is piesented through the coopeiation of Univeisity, the State Defense Council, Indiana State Police, Indiana Inspection Bureau, and Indiana Association of Industrial Propel ty Piotective Directors. Instructors Named Instiuctors foi the school will include Capt. Kline, Emmett Cox, of the Indiana Inspection Buieau; Lt. Don Kooken, diiector of education, Indiana State Police; W. I. Spitler, Lafayette, piesident of the Indiana Association of Industiial Piopeity Piotection Duectors; Sgt. Paul Beverforden, Indiana S^ate Police; Lt. Hairy Sutheilin, in chaige of field operations, Indiana State Police and Pi of. Oven of the University Staff, d.e.b. Teacliers Will Gather For Special Institute Here Next Saturday Under the auspices of the division of education and applied psychology, fiom 1,000 to 1,200 teacheis will gathei at the University next Saturday. The teacheis will come fiom twelve counties in this section of Indiana foi a special teacheis’ institute. Di. Willis A. Sutton, superintendent of schools at Atlanta, G., will speak on “The Faith of a Teachei”; Dr M. S. Rice, pastor at the Metropolitan M. E. Church in Dctioit, will take as his subject “Take Caie of That Boy.” “One Teacher to Anothei” will be the topic discussed by Dr F. B. Knight, head of the division of ed^iidction and applied psychology. Dr. Knight will give the opening address at the morning session. Univeisity Choral oiganizations under the diiection of Albert P. Stewait will pi ovule music. At the moining session Pi of. 0. F. Hall will piesidc, and at the luncheon W. S. Schanlaub, Newton county school superintendent will take charge. Counties to be lepiesented at the institute are Tippecanoe, Benton, Newton, Boone, Cairoll, Cass, Clinton, Fountain, Jasper, Montgomeiy, Tipton and Waiien. a l.w. Union Will Hold Callout For Freshmen Tuesday Callouts for fieshmen workeis foi the Student Union will be held Tuesday, Fob. 3, at 4:15 p. m. in the South balh 00111. After the meeting thcie w'ill be a tea dance foi all Union woikers. At this time the fieshmen will be intioduced to the seniors, juniois, and the Union board. The fieshmen will leaiii about the w'oik that the Union does and how they will fit into it. f.j.v.
, Sprowl Paces Losers With 14 Points As Shaw, McLean, Simms Lead Ohio Columbus, 0., Jan. 31—(Special to the Purdue Exponent)— After being held to a scant 11 points in the first half by the well functioning Purdue defenses Ohio State’s basketball team roared back like a Kansas dust storm in the final twenty miiiutes here tonight to score 35 rharkers—most of them on long shots — and defeat the faltering Boilermakers 46 to 40 and thus maintain a six-year jinx over Piggy Lambert’s lads. The Riveters have now won three and dropped a like number in conference play. But all is not told, for while the Riveter defensive tactics ci'umbled and the Buckeyes swished the cords with an amazingly accurate percentage, insofar as their long shots weie concerned, the Gold and Black scoring abilities suddenly became impotent and gleaned only 19 points. Horsie Starts It Bob Riley was at least One Riveter who didn’t exhibit a case of the jitters on a foreign floor and stepped up to the foul line to put his team ahead 2-0 as the game opened. McLean hit a set shot from the foul circle to tie it up and Red Caress tipped ill a loose 'ball for his only scoring of the evening to put the Boilei makers ahead, 4-2. Purdue then forged to a 10-2 lead by virtue of field goals by Frosty Spiowl and A1 Menke and tw'o charity tosses. Captain Don Gets Going Blanken entered the game for the first time and raced through the whole Buck team to score a lay up shot and with a free throw mixed in the Riveters proceeded to get hot and rack up three baskets for the 21-11 half time lead. As the game started Piggy used a team composed of Spiowl and Tierney at foiwaids, Menke at center and Riley and Caress at guards. During the fiist half McLean collected four field goals and Miller amassed three personal fouls. The latter did not enter the game after the first stanza. As play was resumed Purdue took to the floor with Blanken and Sprowl up front, Riley in the pivot spot and Tierney and Caress in the back court. It marked the first time this season that Blanken functioned as a forwaid, as well as the initial ventures of Riley at center and Tierney at guard. Sprowl High Man Apparently the combination was not the most desirable, for the Ohioans scored six buckets to Purdue's two before the first Lambert substitution of the half—that was when Menke replaced Riley and the score stood at 25-21 in favoi of the visitors. Sprowl was high point man with 14 digits. , Blanken’s floor work and shooting left little to be desired as the West Dundee product contributed 12 points. Two set shots by Simms made it all even and the latter put his team ahead for the first time, 26-25, by converting after Tierney had fouled him. The Buckeyes weie never headed after that despite five baskets by Sprowl—four of them coming within thiee minutes. Simms, Wise and Shaw displayed uncanny deadeye shooting from the genei-al vicinity of the dressing room to thwart the desperate attempts of the visitors to stay in the ball game. What’s The Reason? Pei haps it was the almost legendary poor lighting in the Ohio State Fair Coliseum that caused the Riveters to be off tonight, but their failure to snare rebounds and protect against long shots might be a better guess. Box scoie:
OHIO STATE (46)
FG
FT
PF
PURDUE (40).
FG
FT
PF
Miller, f
0
0
0
Sprowl, f
7
0
0
Simms, f
5
1
1
Tierney, f
1
0
3
Travitz, c
0
0
0
Menke, c
2
1
3
Geeowets, g
1
2
1
Blanken, f-g.
5
2
0
McLean, g
6
0
2
Riley, g
1
3
2
Shaw, c
5
1
0
Caress, g
1
0
1
Wise, f
4
0
0
Hoffman, f
. 0
0
0
Fisher, f
0
0
1
Kiampe, c
0
0
0
-
Swantz, c .
0
0
0
Totals
21
4
8
Totals
17
6
9
Defense Courses Will Provide Trained Men For War Industries
Editor’s Note: This is the eighth in tK cuirent seneb of articleb being pubhbhed in the Exponent prebcnting a detailed account of the part the University is placing in the present emergency By George Starr Industry has been crying for trained workers and must repeat these demands until a sufficient number of skilled men are available to cany the heavy load imposed by the tiemendous expansion in war and allied industries. As an impetus to this effort the University has donated its facilities to the cause of the houi by offeiing varied and intensive defense courses. These couises will fit the student to fill gaps in the present defense picture. The time in which to do the task is at a premium. Classes Throughout State Classes are being offered in industrial centers thioughoiit the state, as tiuthorized by the United States Office of Education, under the national Engineering, Science and Management Defense Training piogiam. Requirements foi admission to these courses vaiy with the technical aspects of each course. The classes meet thiee hours on two nights a week for a period of twelve
weeks or more. Only fees for these couises are the cost of books which will be not over four dollars per course. Engineering Courses Stressed Subject to approval by the Office of Education, courses will concern such fields as: material inspecting; structural diafting; highway engineeiing; electrical engineering; industrial electronics; radio engineering; power generation, transmission. Other couises will be offeied in distiibiition; engineering drawing; applied mechanics; production subcost control, jigs and fixtures, die pervision; preforemanship training; design; guage design; precision measuienients;* lubiication fundamentals, time and motion study, production engineering, industi'ial safety; fundamentals of engineering cheniistiy, heat engineering, machine design, production metallurgy, physical metallurgy, inspection of metals, engineeiing control instruments, engineering physics, engineering mathematics, applied mathematics and mathematical analysis. g.w.s.
M'i
■'tM Si %I" f. !
" i
ksfepps l?1'’ * •' ' [-'},H*j' J ft :-/Yr;>C-j?-^''i:; '- IjK-p'
Purdue 1E:^6nerii
Sunday^ February 1, 1942
i^,. .: ']'rpfit
Merry-Gii-Rdd^d
(Continued from page 1)
Editw’s Note: The Studenit War Council’s stltetlient .cowefninR class attendance appears on Plifee 1 of today’s Exponent. The University Executive Committee recently discussed a plan for setting aside the existing rule permitting juniors, and seniors the privilege of voluntary class attendance. At that time the Student War Council recommended that the present attendance regulation| not be changed, and the Exponent publish^ an editorial agreeing with this recommendl^tion. Both the War Council and the Exponent believed that students would be conscious of the necessity and importance of class attendance during the war period. Howe\^er, this evidently isn’t the case. It was reported yesterday that attendance records for this semester show tha:t there has been' more Class cutting than ever before. If this Condition continues, it will probably be necessary for the Executive Committee to change the present rule. When the Committee agreed not to change the existing regulations, they also announced that a special report on class attendance will be made at rtiid-semester. If it appears at that time that there is any considerable number of students misusing the privilege of voluntary attendance, then all such students will
stanclp.birit' of backgijOUjnd arid ac-
. _ . . . quaiiitance with (jhe pariticular subhave the privilege withdrawn. by the Arkansas Power and Light ject under consideration A: •Many students offered as an excuse for the Company, over a contract awarded However, an exception was made increased number of cuts the fa^t that up to REA to supply part of the power , of Mrs. Roosevelt when-she and a week ago they thought that there was going foi- a. government aluminum plant civil Defense Director LaGuardia to he compulsory attendance. Evidently they ^-ke Catherine. Ark. a before the tto
were missing as many classes as possible before the new ruling was put into effect and
class cuts placed on a ration basisr
Whether this is true or not, each student should I'eali^e, the importance to him of class attendance. University records show that there are a large nunlbef pf stiidients who are, incapable of making the proper use of the voluntary attendance rule, and that an excessive number of class cuts is an important
cause of failure in a course.
Ail students should also remember that the
required to “quailfyl’ thenteulvbk, .-NUvy Depavtment-^qnd ..got away i.e.;, pi'bve their fitness'from t.he with it. . ‘
■ The ptory goes back to last fall, when Secretary Fr*[\k Ifnox outlined a plan to the Senate and
at Lake Catherine, Ark.
pPM power moguls, secretly aligned with the pool, had delayed fulfillment of the contract by holding up for we?ks a priority rafing On materials needed by an Arkansas REA co-op for a' transmission line from Grand River Dam to Lake Catherine. After the contract was let, J. A.
appeared before the House Defense Migration Committee to testify oh labor problems as they affect civil-
ian defense.
In introducing the First Lacly, the committee’s cqurtly chailman. Representative John H. Tolan of
Calif ornia, ^stated:
“The witness comes well recom-
mended and does not have to qual- agents
House Naval Affairs; coihmittee for sabotage-espionage control in government shipyards. Gn the theory that foreign agents and saboteurs are , carefully picked experts, Knox warned that px.ist-:
The com miHx(e8- agree|l»-with Knox, an(l, a .hill authqrizingi the plant-protection force quickly passed Congress ahd by the President,, There tvas oijly one dissent,, from > isolationist Senator Hiram Jolmsdn of.. Cal- ' ifornia, who has a personal grudge against Knox and claimed that he was seeking a “persottal Gestapo.’’
in
worry about her qualifications to speak on migration problenTiS. SV).e has been everywhere in the United
Krug, chief of. the power division, announced he would approve a priority rating. But a month went by and nothiiig happened.
However, things began to hap- States and has crossed all State
University recently announced .thit no stu- p<’" jvhen Nelson borde.s ^ ^ ■ ' , , . , . -i 1 . • took command. He called m Krug “In fact,” Tolan added .with a dent who IS delinquent in is S 1 v,* delivered a tart lecture, wind- bow, “she is Migrant Number One.” should expect the University to request his crisp command; Mrs. Roosevelt, an old friend of deferment from the draft. “This transmission line is vital to Tolan’s, laughed so hard that the The final decision on the, compulsory at- the war production program. Plea.se tears came to her eyes, tendance ruling rests in the hands of the stu- R that the bea is given a” Unguarded Shipprds dents of the University. If they wanii volun- , strange things happen frequenttary attendance, they should show themselves Withm a^ew hours REA otficmrn the scenes in congressioncapable of making the right use of the pnvi- ^^^g al cmnmittees but one of the stranglege, but if they continue to cut large numbers transmission line could hegin. gone untold, It is a stoiy of
of classes, the University administrators will - Migrant No. 1
withdraw that privilege. Experts; \vho testify before con- — ' ' gi’essional committees usually are
quate. , “Besides the Marine guard out- '
Tint BAR GRli-i-
side,” he told the committees, ;“we need a trained force of special
.■Parties— " , ^ ' Our Speicalty y
agents inside. Na^al Intelligence isn’t equipped to handle this job,
200 Colurnbl^ ' ^; . i. . »■ %>■' ■.■.
and tha FBI is too busy with other matters. I want to set up a special organization of about. 2,000 antisabotage experts to protect our shipyards and naval shore establish-
ments.”
! LEARN TO DANCf CORRECTLY BY ,'■ .IN -OtliR'NEVf;;.';';'': ADULT TO Ei^ERIENbEO 0^
1 Everything for a i t College Education +
ENRpL^ 1 ADULT AbyANC$b OLASS THURS.J FEB. 5, T:6b R. M.
1 DEAC’S i » 4 4 •♦-.ik-f-M ■» 44 ■♦■,44-v.
ALLEN’S' ";6lh S-Feiry
how three members of the House S Appropriations committee havp = thumbed their hoses at the whole S Congress, the President and' the S
University Calendar Week of February 1-7, 1942
Sunday, February 1 East Faculty Lounge, 5:30 P.M.—Phi Mu Initiation Banquet .. Union 7:30 P.M.—Scrivener Club ...Room 261, Union Monday, February 2 9:00 A.M.—First Aid Clds^ .Both Faculty Lounges, Union 4:00 P.M.—Committee on State of University Room 365, Union 4:00 P.M.—Agronomy Seminar ..North Ballroom, Union 7:00 P.M.—Engineering Defense Ti’aining Meeting ..Room 304, Union 8:00 P.M.—Reamer Club ...... .Room 307, Union Tuesday, February 3 8:00 A.M.—Plant Instructors School ' Room 305, Union 9:00 A.M.—First Aid Room 305, Union 10:00 A.M.—Canners Conference ...Both Faculty Lounges, . Union 3:00 P.M.—Plant Instructors School Room 263, Union 4:00 P.M..^—Union Tea Dance ...Room 201, Ag Hall 7:30 P.M.—Silver Mask :.:....RDom 206, CE Building 7:30 P.M.—Alpha Phi Omega Room 304, Union 7:30 P.M.—Ceres Meeting Room 363, Union ,7:30 P.M.—Forestry Club Meeting Room 305, Union 7:30 P.M.—Christian Science Organization Rpom 117, Hort. Bldg. 8:00 P.M.^—Graduate Dames Lecture ......Room 303, Union Wednesday, February 4 8:00 A.M.—Canners Conference South Ballroom, Union 9:00 A.M.—First Aid Class .Room 305, Union 9:00 A.M.—Canners Conference ^ !.Both Faculty Lounge.s 9:00 A.M.—Plant Instructors School Room 363, Union 1:30 P.M.—Canners Conference .South Ballroom, Union 6:00 P.M.—Personnel Dinner :...East Faculty Lounge 6:30 P.M.—Sons of Soil Banquet North Ballroom, Union 7:00 P.M.—Certification Inspectors Room 104, Ag. Hall •Training East Faculty Lounge, 7:00 P.M.—Pei'BonncI Round Table Union 7:15 P.M.—Philatelic Society ..Room 303, Union 7:30 P.M.—Marriage Cour.se jRooins, 302-304, Union 7:30 P.M.—^Scabbard and Blade Meeting .Tower, Union 7:30 P.M.—Horticultural Society Room 117, Hort. Bldg. Thursday, February 5 8:00 A.M.—Plant Instructors School ......Room 363, Union 3:00 P.M..—Screen Review Hall of Music . 6:45 P.M.—^Winter Course Society Assembly Rm. Ag. Hall 7:30 P.M-—'Stitch and Sew— Graduate Dames Room 263, Union ,7:30 P.M.—Christian Student Fellowship..Room 307, Union 7:30 P.M-—Federated, Churches Room 212, Union Friday, February 6 9:00 A.M.—H. E. Demonstration Ag’ts.-.West Faculty Lounge 9:00 A.M.—Plant In.sti-uctors School Room 363, Union 9:00 A-M'.—First Aid Class Room 305, Union 4:30 P.M.—Cosmopolitan Club ...Rpom 304, Union 7:30 P.M.—Theta Chi Dinner Dance Chapter House 9:00 P.M.—Miami Triad South Ballroom Saturday, February 7 8:00 A.M.—Freshman Lecture- Hall of Music 8:00 A.M.—Plant Instructors School Room 363, Union 2:30 P.M.—Wrestling^—Ohio State University Fieldhouse 3:00 P.M.—Swimming—^Indiana University ’ Fieldhouse 7:30 P.M.—Basketball—-Iowa .. Fieldhouse 9:00 P.M.—Tau Epsilon Phi Dance Chapter House 9;00 P.M.—Cary Hall Noi'thwest Dance . Northwest Hall 9:00 P.M.—Mixer Both Ballrooms
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Program At Lafayette Christian Church Sixth and North St. 9:15-9 •.20 a. m.—Catch ride from 131 S. Grant. 9:30 a. m.—Student Class. Opening period downstairs instead of upstairs. Prof. 0. F. Hall of the Sociology Dept, will speak. 10:40 a. m.—Church Worship Service. The series of sermons on Life Problems will be continued with the subject, “Toward Understanding Ourselves.” 5:15 p. m.—:10c Supper at 131 S. Grant. 6:00 p. m.—FORUM, at 131 S. Grant (NOTE change in place.) Discussion, recreation and worship will be included in the program. Come and bring your friends. Dismissal at 7:30, promptly.
Goody's Fine Shoes Goodwin's Shoe Store In The Villaae 302 State
DR, PAUL A. RISK DiR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS .... 400-404 Schullx Blda. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
The Well-Groomed Man says: “ ITPJIYS to Have Your Clothes CLEANED and PRESSED REGULARLY
llllHIIIlllll TODAY. % It's a tracfe-about, hue and laughin' bduti j=
s -X. - =
FAYE t PAYNE , ^^nmMiRAm ROMERO
A aoth Cenlwy-Fox
The Wesley Foundation Sunday Program at the First Methodist Church (Corner Chauncey and South Sts.) 9:30 a. m.—Three Student Classes 1. “Does It Matter What I Believe?” taught by the Rev. E. R. Balsley. 2. “The Sermon On The Mount” taught by Mrs. E. R. Balsley. 3. “A Major Problem of Oiir Times,” taught by Mr. J. C. Franklin. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Worship. Dr. Otto Scott Steele will use as his theme: “The Good Samai’itan.” Special music will be furnished by the Paul Tineher Smith Memorial Choir. 5:45 p. m.—Wesley Vesper.s^—Our “Wesley Vespers” period is divided into three periods—recreation—discussion and worship. The discussion groups this week are again student lead and will deal with the topic of a “student’s creed.’’ Every Purdue student is invited to attend these services.
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
Look your best in spite of the weather.
Send your clothes to a dependable cleaners!
Noi’lliweslern at Vine
G. E. MAZDA LAMPS HOT POINT APPLIANCES BRELSFORD'S ELECTRIC SHOP 213 State St. Dial 5952
S^ukdm, ^xpomnL Ali-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily .except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locaJh' by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
EdiWr-in-Chief Ned A. Ochiltree Ncv'r Editor John L. Tfaugott Spurtr Editor Phil Johnson
Business Manager Don S. Powers Managhig Editor .....Lcland W. Ruffner Coed Editor... Ruth Rose
Publicatien Staff Editorial .SUIT: J. F. Amos,,J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Bropliy, 1!. n. IJadley, F, 1. Jont‘.s,''E. G, Kieper. Sports Btalf ! 0. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser. J, S. Keeler. Coed Stall: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chalfleld, Jane Ramsdcll. '■ Associate Editors
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna Sioss: Office Manager: Deo Bossbng. Local Advertising Managers: K, K. Gjemrc, B- IS. Saxton: Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. MiUhvd. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Fratikehberry, l'’rancoB Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M!, 5377
Kepresented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. V.
Nlrtn iSditor; Hadley Day Editor: KainiidellI A
4
4,
i)ii
%s
FetidngTe2ii^l6>l)
Oncp again, ^oHe,r,9n|.kep fcdlsr men ,'W;ere thwarted in Jiheiii efforts to gaip th^ir itiilial triumph of\the current campaign, as^ they went down to defeat before a ,supei’ior Notre Same team by a score of 16
to 11. ' ^ ' Statt Out O, K/
The Riveters got off to a fine start in the pieldhouse. yesterday afternoon when tliey emerged victorious in B, of the 9 bouts in the foil^event. When the boys tujrned to el^ee,^ however^ the Irish began
i- K q Boilermaker Swifliiiierl
Defeat 48-^4
t'" - Jalii 4^ 4
Swnday^ F^ebmary 1942
Fage 3
to roll, winning is while the BoilermakOys took 3. Just to make victory jpompletely certain, the Fighting Irish ke^pt right omin the saber event, by again capturing 6 of the
9 bouts.
t i ^ f '
Flynn, Gonzalez ^d Humphreys turned in outstanding performances foF the Ramblers while Captain Burl and Biil Beade starred for the
Riveters.
A complete summary of th^e entire tournament follows: Foil 5 . ' . , . ,Burf (P) boat Fiyftn (ND) B to 2 Gontalcz (ND) boat Oalsos (P) 6 to 2 Ma^gah (NP) beat ToV^r (P) 6 to 3 ButB.(P) beat GonzatO* (ND) B to 4 Oakes '(P) beat Madigan (ND) 6 to 4 Flynn (ND) beat Tower (P) 5 to 4 Buri <ND) 6 to I Oakes (P)^at Myhn '(ND) 6 to ^ Gdnzalez,^ (NO) Beat^Tower (P) B to 2 Epee ‘ (> t ' Veit (NBV'beftt (|lcado (P) 3 to 2 > Flynn' fND) -beat KOstman (P) 3 to 2 Towbr iP) beat HurtphreVs (ND) 3 to 1 kea«e'(P^ iftMi-Flynn (ND)^ to 1 Humph^evB )(N1)) boat Kaufman (P) « Bo.g 1 h Veit (ND) beat Tower (P) 3 to 1 -^tarocr i-w
Hill Ten Standings Mailtien Bleat
Findlay Team In Close Match
Illinois Minnesota Wisconsin Indiana PtJRDUE Northwestern
Iowa
Ohio State Michigan Chicago
Pet.
1.000
.666 .571 .571 .500 .500 .500 .500 .333 .000
The Sports Sestapo
By phil johnsba
Coach Dick Pajpenguth's tank squad put fin^ ^ this wef'k end's sports program with a 48-S6 win over gan State’s mermen. There were no records broken on tli^t evening’s program, but the Boilermakers revealed tha^ they have a well balanced squad for the coming Big 'Ten capipaign. Michigan State held a lead over the Boilermakers qntil ijhe breaststroke event. At this point Joe Williamson tocjc tot place and Tjngley third to put the Riveters out in front by one point. In the 440 yard free style which followed Coacb'Papenh guth’s charges added to their lead with a first and second . place to put the meet on ice. The
Btrange, indeed, is the sfory of Madame HraUoush Bey who conducted a camp in the hills of Chatham, New Jersey for the conditioning of boxers. Madame Bey was born about 60 years ago in Constantinople, became the wife of a Turkish diplomat and later appeared on the operatic stage. She saw a boxing bout only once.
Roade (P) bent Humphreys (ND) 3 to 2 Veit (ND) beat Kaufman (P) 3 to 2 Flynn (ND) beat Toiyer (P) 3 to 1
Saber I
Tucker (P) beat Humphreys (ND) 5 to 4 Melton (ND) beat Wallbillick (P) 5 to 1 Reade (P) beat Tearney (ND) 5 to 3 Melton (ND) beat Tdcker (P) 5 'to 2
ToarneV (NO) beat Wallbillic)i fP) 5 to 4
(N— ■ “ -
Humphreys (ND) bent fteade (P) 5 to 1 Leising (ND) beat Tucker (P) 5 to 2 Humiihrcys (ND) beat WallbilliCh (P)
to 2 '
Reade (P) beat Burns (ND) 3 tj 2
BjEAUTlFlJLLY LAUNDERED , . , Washed Clean . . . Starched to Suit the Individual . . . Ironed to Fit 15c each
10% Discount on Laundry Left at West Side Office
DIAL 7278
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
Yesterday afternoon the Boilermaker wrestling team won a hardearned victory over a good Findlay squad by a 22-8 count. The adjective hard-earned might seem a little out of place in view of the score, but the truth of the matter is that all of the matches were closely contested and the margin of victory was small in almost every instance. Falls Win 3 Thi’ee of the matches were decided by the mgrgin of a fall while five were the result of decisions. Of the three falls two went to the Boilermakers while the other fall was credited to Gren of the visiting Findlay squad. Two of the matches went into overtime. Claseman of the Riveter team won his overtime match against Hummon, but the other extra period struggle was the one in which Gren of Findlay pinned Velmer Davis. The Boilermaker matmen got off to a flying start with victories in the first five matches. Mickey MacDonald started the victoiy trend by pinning his opponent. Captain Casey Fredericks tpok a decision over his man, then Mark Matovina won his match by the fall route. Bob Biitt and Red Claseman did likewise before the Boilermaker special was derailed.
We Tried <and Felled We started to Columbus yesterday morning to cover the game with the Buckeyes. But start was all we did. We were riding merrily southward toward Indianapolis with the Health Service's Dr. Cole yesterday morning when things began happening to the car that resembled sabotage. Sadly the good doctor and ourselves returned to Lafayette. First Heard From WBAA Since we were not able to get to the g'ame, we did the second best thing, that is watched Johnny DeCamp and L-arry Myers recreate the telegraphic report of the game in the luxuriant studio of Purdue Station WBAA in the basement of the Music Hall. It was Dairy’s fiist try at lecreatmg a game, )vhile Johnny is a yeteian at the art. Both fellows did a swell job—even sitting right beside the announcers we could follow the play clearly and almost see the action. It’s a mighty tough job to take a brief telegraphic report and build a game out of it. Both fellows deserve a lot of cTedit for the job they are
LAST NIGHT’S SCORES Indiana, 63; Chicago, 34 Michigan, 34; Minnesota, 32.
Battery Candidates Report Tomorrow For Indoor Drills
last event the 400 yard relay went to the home forces, but it yras fast a matter of increasing the lead since the fight was already won.
Duel Falls Through
The Spartans performed here last night without the services of two of thdir breast strokers. These men stayed behind in East Lansing tO take C.A.A. finals. One of the featui es of the meet, the expected duel in the breaststroke, did not mater-
ialize, therefore.
Captain Dick Kiatzer and Joe
Baseball must be on the way, for Coach Dutch Fehring has called upon all battery candidates to report to an indoor preliminary drill
doing.
Noi As G6<>4 l^irect Broadcast
Admittedly the rebroadcast is pot as good as the direct reports, but then the finances of the Gimlet Club are strained even to handle the telegraphic reports. Most schools in the Big Ten have neither the kind of report—they just read in the papers for the game story. Both the Gimlet Club and WBAA are indeed doing a great service in bringii^ these
games tp the students.
Oil Yes! About the Game It’s hard to realize how the same team that the Boilermakers routed so easily a couple of weeks ago could have beaten our Boilermakers as they did\’st night. You have to know the Coliseum before you can realize it. Greater Purdue teams than this year’s have lost to worse Ohio State
teams on that floor.
The story of the past three Purdue losses in a row lies mainly in one thing, the failuie of Tierney, Riley, Menke, and Caress, to aid Sprowl and Blanken in the scoiing column. The team is getting plenty of shots, they just can’t seem to bring up their average on them.
in the Fieldhouse tomorrow. Since Dutch is still occupied with coaching the freshman basketball team, freshman mentors Pop Doan and Beit Sanders will be in charge of the eaily workouts. Fehring further announced that the remainder of the squad will vepoit for the indoor practice on February 17.
Frosty Sprowl
Enemy Scores Riveter Velmei Davis was the fiist man to go down to defeat. He wasjgjnned in thirty seconds of the overtime peiiod by Gren of the Find-
lay squad. The opponents split the two lemaming matches on the bill. Wailen Eviston of the Boilermaker
NIBROC PAPER TOWELS None fetter Prices to Suit
PHONE 7828
U^AVHTE Pdl^ING CO.
squad won the decision over Trojan of the vistors, and Concilia of Findlay took the nod ovei Junior Thompson to put an end to the hostilities
It did seem a little stiange at first not to sec any beards, mat
In the UNION CLUB
Every Room
FURNISHED
with Private Bath, Telephone and Modern, Comfortable Furniture
CLEAN
Please Your Guests hy Making Reservations
J/UL (pJU/tdiJUL
TFbufPui^mL OAnimL
The Corner of the Campus—■ Yet the Center of Activities
SCOBEE’S
SENIORS:
Employers arc interviewing now— DON’T DELAY — Have application photos ready—Reliable service.
Phone 2343
105 Northwestern Ave.
pounding, flying tackles or masked marvels m the ring. As the time went by we forgot these little items and sat back and enjoyed ourselves. The one thing that yesterday afternoon’s meet had in common with the pro game was that there were several members of the fair sex present with cheers of encouragement foi their favorites. Summary: 121 lb. class — MacDonald (P) ovci Mancuso (F) fall. 128 lb. class — Fredeiicks (P) over Benito (F) decision. 135 lb. class — Matovian (P) ovei Beltz (F) fall. 145 lb. class — Britt (P) over Dieinert (F) decision. 155 lb. class — Claseman (P)
reliables, showed up well with first places in the 100 yard free style and the 200 yard breaststroke respectively. They were reinforced by Jim Kreuck with a first in the 220 yard fiee style, and Sophomefe Vern Hansel with a first in the 440 yaid free style. Vem was closely trailed by his team mate, Clifif Erickson in the latter event. Mighty Close Decision One of the most hotly contested events was the dive which went to Luoto of Michigan State with a total of 109 points. In second place was Johnny Juengst with a 108.73 total. It is fortunate that this is an engmeeiing school with enough mathematical minds to figure out the results when they are that close, or else the result might be perman-
ently m doubt.
A summaiy of the events and
times follows.
medlej relay—First, Purdue Williamson, Kratzer) Time,
300 yard (Anderson,
3 09 2
200 yard free style—First, Krucck (P) ; Second, Himmcnlein (MS), Third, Han^ (MS) Second, Newton (MS) . 'Third, Herr (P) Time, 2-23 8 50 yard free style—First, Uefferman (P) Time 25 Diving—Fir-t, Luoto (MS) ; Second. Juengst (P) third McNicol (MS) 100 yard free style—First Kratzer (P) ; Second, Newton (MS) third, Herr (P). Time 54 6 150 yard back-tro’vc—First, Becker (MS) t S-cond, Anderson (P) , third, Ancker (P). Time 1 "46 2 Its (P) Time, 2 35 2 200 yard breaststroke—First. Williamson (P) second Stillman (MS); third. Ting440 yard free stvle—First Hansel (P) ; Second, Erickson (P) , third, Hemmenlein (MS) Time, 5 20 8 400 yard free style relay—^First, Purdue (Herr, Branner, Kreuck, Kratzei) Time,
3 41 1
Southworth’s
DIM FEB.
14th
LET’S PLAY DAM CUPID
Here’s a hint^—it’s smart to wear your Iieart on your sleeve.
Show your loved ones that you care by sending them
DUST-CBAFT S, HALLMAHK VAIEMTIME CARDS Cards designed to hit their mark—a wide variety—beautifully illustrated, and they can be bought with your vest-pocket change.
E BOOK S SUPOlt STOOE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
, . , . who last night scored seven Don Blanken field goals in the Ohio State game has been a steady scoring threat all year. The watchword throughout the conference is “don’t let that guy get set,” for Frost}’s side court shot is one of the most consistent score makers of any in the team’s repetoire.
over Hummon (P) decision (overtime). 165 lb class Gien (F) oVei Davis (P) fall (ovei’time) 175 lb. class — Eviston (P) over Trojan (P) decision. Heavyweight class — Concilia (F) over Thompson (P) decision.
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone §6214
Southworth’s #
OeoiemOer MLEKTIi'O DIV
a ^^^alentine t^ai
IpWl
0^.
Lt forget
dont you I"
arker.. .the
7^ Jom
Feb. I4tb
See the heaulifull} boxed Valentine’s Gift Seta of. Supercharged Parker Pens, matched with Parker Writefine Pencils. Duofold Set, $5, Vacumatic Sots, $8.75 to $13, Imperial Sets, $17.73 to $150.
Selei 1 j \ alentiue Card ttgw while our selection Is cents plete Gills why not send a box of delicious SchraflTs or Runte’s Valentine Candy t» your boy tiicnd in the Service. Boys don’t forget your best gill friend—yon may be in the Service soon. Rl member the folks at home.
mmm book stoke
Across from the Union Building;
M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 11. W. “Doe” Epple, ’40
iw
f
I
1#" ■
}i'i
>,% I
)
' I’A I'jV•L'j!
I
MinUies of the ent War Council
accomplished by a larger nuiyber of students and the work is conducted by responsible organizations. The War Council will consider following this plan of distributing war activities. Dick Dibos said that three representatives concerned with the World
'ft;;; V : , ^ Thursday, January 15 A que^ibhnait'e i^lating to individuals’ work on extra-curricular iictivitiCis and devised by a sophomore Student Union worker was preseibied and discussed by Joe Starek. This questionnaire when distributed to tvoriters in all activities and filled out by them Will enable use to see students’ future plans concerning activities are and Will be a iheans of tfie activity heads dividing work so that some students aren’t sbbhding.-tod much time on activities wdiile others might be given more if they desite more work arid feel they have time for it. J'rOni Damon Elder, a meinber of the War Council and an Agricul^ral student, Was a letter suggesting that the War Council sponsor a. iectuie to enlighten these students as to defense jobs, jobs which are being deferred, and possibilities and methods of obtaining such jobs. Such a meeting would pi-ovide a means of answering questions that are arising from these students. It was suggested that this lecture be he}d in Fowler Hall, that the University defray any expense, and that a competent speaker be selected by Dean Fremnan and Mr. Vogler. The War Council recommended "
Personnel Notes Coiiipanies Scheduled to Visit
Campus—■
Jngersall-Rand Co., New York, N. Y., February 2, 3 and 4. General Electric Company, Fort
Varsity Plstot 'fbini! Pictui-o 'iwili bfe made before Friday; Feb. 6; taken Tuesday, Fbb^.Si at 4!30 p. ni,.Wear ft. ' ■ , uniforms. Praqtlce will be held. ftFriday,
Jan. 30.'
iGRAEBNER
——r v ■ tloe Monday,!,Feb; 2; bt .8:16 p. m. on Court Code In8tructioh (MtUeStudent8).:'HedWed. Nof. 2. All freshmeii w‘
'Reamer Clnbi No ^ cbtnVlned ,ateetln»,
—ESTEY. .Rteulnr but important bbawess ' IrheetiWk, oii • , , , Monday, Feb. at 7:3* p;
Battery ; S;^ Freabmen: Basketball prac- of the;Uhlon. . -t-I^uFFNER ;■ i.
code inatruction class rolls are pdstSd on basketball be there,
the main bulletin board of the Ahiidry. ' If the first classy were missed the attend-
ance Can still be made up.
—ET. BURKHART '
who signed up for ;porcaters: Copies of "Oak Leavis”’,; can;
ho obtained at tbe B’drestry pflledi
-Lupke.
-BMITH
Student Service Fund had met with Wayh^, Indiana. February 2, 3 and
him for the purpose of finding out 4. '
whether it would be possible'for Aluminum Company of America, that fund organization to sponsor February'2. their, annual drive for money this jjeffender Photo Supply Company, year and, if so, when this could be. y., February 3. done. It was pointed out to them Company, North Canton, that the Relief Fund Co-ordinating February 3. (Afternoon only.) Committeecomposed of faculty and Company, Milwaukee, students had planned a concentrat- Wisconsin. February 4 and 6.
PIA Board: Meeting Monday,''Feb. 2, at Horticultural Society: Jtfcctink,'?l^i:5lriCs4 p. m. Important that all Ward chairmen day Feb. 4 in the ks'sembly; tootAft df; .the, be present. Horticulture Building fer elation, of offlbetS
ELDER. discussion of other. ebbooN'Mftmnwi-ft
culture, ■ —SGHAEtfllQl^N .,5
Ceres: Meeting on Tuesday, Feb.ft2, in room 305 in the Union at 7:30 p. m.. All
members please be present.'
. ■ —CALLAHAN.
InterfrntemUy Discussion /four , . , Entries must be turncfl >n to the Borensip, office, room, 386 of., the Union, : by MpnaaS
All Newly Entering Male Freshmen: If you are not now enrolled in Military Traiffing and have any desire to take. Advanced Training , you should enroll in Basic Mllb tai-y Training immediately. GRAHAM— All Male Students: Aviation Cadet Ex-
amining Board No. 1 will meet in the base- Debris Photography Staff , . ment of the Executivo building for the plir- docs not flatter me. Please arrange to have
pose of interviewing and examining appli'- it retaken.
cants for Aviation Cadet Training , frotn • —BROPHY. Jan. 27 to Feb. J indlusive. For full itlfprr- , , Hoo-er WlHiams'Clbh- There 'will be, mation regarding Aviation Cadet Training Alt Women Students: Open meeting of AipotltiA Siindav FCh 1 at W LafaVettC. and application blanks onni^' ot tna Unnarnw IP®®''!"? ounaay,_^yeD. r, ^ae ty._
jutant’s office, Armor*'
^ [pnaas;.
,,, . . Feb. 2, at 4 :80 y. m. in order that we,ft. My pictures make assigilmcnts fdg {he,;fll#, .
disimsisoh which is , scheduled -
that such a meeting be held and appointed Dahion Elder to be in charge of making arrangements for it. ■ Then It was suggested that a .simHar meeting be held for junior and senior women Students in the home economics and science schools. The purpose of this meeting w'ould be to answer girls’ . qnestions as to defense jobs open and the desirability and possibility of accepting such jobs. A source of information concerning such a meeting might be the , Women’s Placement Service. Mildred Owens and Agnes McCulloch, science and home economics students and members of the War Council, were put in charge of this meeting after it was recommended that such a meeting be
held.
triotic spirit shown in earmarking $1,200 of its reserve funds for the purchase of United States Defense Bonds. The last part of his letter pointed, out Playshop’s plan for reducing expenditures and conserving materials during the next year. ■ Mildred Owens presented a request from the president of the Women’s Athletic Association that the Student War Council suggest'a means for them to cooperate with the University’s War Pi'ogram. The Council recommended that this Association plan a program for emphasizing the importance of physical fitness. It feels that students should be made riiore aware of the importance of eating regular meals and adequate diets, of obtaining
General Motors, Detroit, Michigan, February 4, 6, 6 and 7. American Steel and Wire Com-
pany, Cleveland, Ohio. February 5
and 6.
Erie Railroad Company, Cleve-
Naugatuck Chemical, Naugatuck,
Conn.
Notides
enough sleep, and of getting plenty
For both of these meetings, mem- exercise and other recreation. A bers of the War Council will sub- program suitable for both men and iiiit requests to President Elliott for ^yomen students might be worked
money to defray expenses of such w. A. A.
meetings. Ochiltree said that he had Next in order of business was a learned from college newspapers
letter to Pi-ofessor Hockema from
ed drive for'money in the month of February and that U. S. S. F. could probably not have a separate drive since the plan was not to conduct more than one campus drive for money. It was pointed out that U. S.
S. F. would be given a part of the ian7, OhioTFebimary fi
proceeds from the drive of the Relief Fund Co-ordinating Committee. The Council recommended that the Relief Fund Co-ordinating Committee meet with the World Student Service Fund for the purpose
of discussing this matter.
Suggested topics to be’ discussed by Professor Sears, Murphy, Algberg, Robinson, and Estey at meetings to enlighten the students concerning past, present, and future implications of the war were: 1. Hfstorical Background of Eur-
opean Politicab Problems. 2. Far Eastern Affairs. 3. South and North America
4. Civil Liberties—Propaganda ,, 5. America’s Economic Status
After the War
6 Present-day-Living in America. It was suggested that these lectures be held on Sunday arid that
th(
Math Make up Exams: Examinations to remove grade C in Math will.bC given^-^n Saturday, Feb.'7, at 1 p.m. in Recitation Building, Permits to take this examination must be obtained no later than' Saturday, Jan. 31. —w. L. AYRES
apply at the Ad- Triton Club, women’s swimming honorary,
GRAHAM Tuesday, Feb. 3, at 7:80
Gym. Everyone interested diving is cordially invited.
—ROSENCRANS ^
_ Eta Kappa iku: Important .meeting, Tu®4,
SeiUor Coeds: For information regarding day, Feb. 3. aV 4 :00 p. irl. ih rekdlhg rooii)
vimming Imn^ary, Haptjgt cliUTch. There .will be elections;^,; p. m. in Womena gjggg hour, discussibn hour and aocial hoilf I in swimming and officers. Attendance necessary. ■ ■' !<>■ -AR-tMAN?
Battery £>3 BasketbaU: Game on . Sunday, Feb. 1, at 2 :30 p. m. on Court No. 1.
—MERRILL.
Battery D1 Basketball: Game on Sunday, Feb. 1, at 2:30 p. m. on Court No. 1.
-LEBER. ^
Battery Cl Freshman Basketball: There will be a frame on Tuesday, Feb. 3, at T p. m. on court No. 2. Be there early.
—VOLLMER.
WAA FcncittK: Callout Tuesday, Feb. 3, 4 p. m. Practice on Friday, Feb* 6, at
mLm
in reading roon -sou-Mai^iig^
at
4 p. m.
the Civil Service examination for positions of the EE Bltlg.
as junior technologists, call at the Placement Service for Women. Phone number 2966. . .1, —SMITH \ POMM: Important meeting 'ruesday, Fob. 3, at 4:16 p. m. in room l96 of the Armory.
New pledges will be elected.
—BUSHNELL
Battery A-1, Freshman Basketball: There will be a practice session Sunday, Feb. 1,
at 3 :30 p. m. on court 1, All attend. . , . .
—ARKIN Typewriters—Adding MachifiC)|, .idkriiti
—:— sold, rented, repaired, and purc)tj8ea^r:M,j) Battery C-3: Report to basketball prae- ograph wbrk done. C. J. Ebersfabn,'SOS-JUl tice Sunday, Fob, 1, at 3:30 p. m. on court iSifayettc. Phone 8779. ' 'iA
2. —BURRES
—EMHOFF.
Scriveners: There will be g meeting in room 236 of the Union .Sunday at .7 :30 p. m.
> History, Economics, and Government Jo Stong will-read a plgy. Guests are inM.E. Make-up Bxams: Exaraihation_ for Make'-up.s: Examination for removal of con- yited. —RIEGLE
ditions and incompletes in History, Eeon- ———
omics and Government will .be held Satur- Biology Students: Makeup exams in Bi-
day, Feb. 7, at 1 p. m., in Room 113 of the ology 1 will be held Feb. 7, at 1 p.m. Recitation Building. Application should be ' ' , —ENDERS
removal of C grades in mechanism ME 11 will be given Saturday; Feb. 7, at 1 p.m. ,ih room 301 Mechanical Engineering Building. ' —A HALL
Lost: Gabardine jacket with tethpvabt lambskin lining. Reward. . ■ ' j: Will pay reward for wine leather; giovp picked up by , mistake at the ;check rtibs Friday noon. Call 41961. , • . i' Wanted—Garage .in,> vicinity of 7ihi art Waldron. Call Saxton, 3301. ■
H. Kejln Carmichael, director of Purdue Playshop. It pointed out to Professor Hockema and the War Council that the Advisory Committee of the organization has made adjustments in its program. The first two adjustments listed were for the purpose of organizing and economizing'• student energjy and time. They eliminated the tannual Varsity Show for the second semester of 1941-42 and it set 10:30 P.M. as the closing time for play rehearsals. The War Council wished to commend Purdue Playshop for its pa-
that agencies on other camp,uses are distributing to the students some questionnaires in which they can check war and defense activities which they can do. These lists include such things as rolling bandages, giving,, blood, making posters, selling defense stamps, and many other things. These various activities are divided and put under the jurisidction of a number of organizations on the campus and the people interested in doing them are asked to work with the organization in charge of dding such work. In this way more war work can be
le musical organizations be asked to contribute to the programs, too.
Hays jewelry Co. 131 North Fourth St.
Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price , ~ i~..~
Dine Tonight
NU CHINA GRILL ^ CHOW MEIN — CHOP SUEY
409 Columbia St.
WHITMAN’S DELICIOUS VALENTINE CANDY Get your Mother or yout Sweetheart a hear> shaped box of candy that will suit her tatse and your budget. We will wrap, pack, ship, and pay the postage in the 1st zone, if it goes beyond that you pay the difference and we still pay the 1st zone. Just leave your order and we do the rest— DEAC'S
Smpi^demL TbiwA,! FOR YOUR BEAUTY FOR YOUR BUDGET 20% SAVING!
Helena rubinstein CreamS/ Lotions Make-Up special offer . . .
Now —more than ever, with rising prices and taxes, this 20% savings is important to you! Here are savings that may never be repeated. All the famous Helena Rubinstein preparations are included in this remarkable event. Pasteurized Face Cream, regularly 1 .00 is now only 80c. Large size Town and Country Makeup Film, regularly 1.50, now only 1.80. Come in, write or phone Now —and make sure] of your supply for the coming months. Sale lasts only seven days.
NOTE: Due to the national emergency Colognes/ Eaux de Toilette, Perfumes, Compacts, Kits, Luggage and Gift Sets will not be included in this 20% DISCOUNT EVENT. These Items still available at regular prices.. <May increase soon.)
FLASH!!
Your College Daily Gives You-
, , Study As Usual—Administration — December 9 — University Goes on Full War-Time Schedule — January 6 — Local Draft Board Clarities Student Rating — January 10—Boilermakers Down Ohio State Netters — January 11 — Trustees Award Aeronautics Lab Contract — January 22 — TRUSTEES REAPPOINT MAL ELWARD, etc. — January 23——
3.93 tot Fifth Column Washington Merry-Go-Round Scouting the Shops Classified Ads Let's listen Rotating the Axis The Sports Gestapo University Calendar The Bottle Neck University Notices EDITORIALS
This is your paper, THE TRUE EXPRESSION of STUDENT OPINION. It is a paper your parents would enjoy reading, it expresses your opinion and your exact status as a student in a University at War. Subscriptions are $2.25 (Mail) at the West Desk of the Union or in the Exponent Office after 4:00 p. m.