Mmp /
" j 'I ' ‘S' % » V H, -n#* /«<■ WYt»v
1
/ y
*“e Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Sunday, November 7, 1937
NUMBER 48
owns Purdue, 21-3
The Week’s
NEWS
Washington “Your occupation?’
“Farmer,” emphatically replied Voter No. 299 in Third Hyde Park district.
“Name ?” “Pi’anklin D. Roosevelt.”
Thus Thursday, along with thousands of his countrymen, the President went to his public voting place. Thursday he arrived back in Washington after a 12 day absence, with a week and a half remaining to ponder measures for the special session of Congress, assembling the 15th. The President promises to remain in the Capitol city now until he goes to Warm Springs, Ga., for his Thanksgiving Day turkey.
Farmer Jones is much relieved this week. He may not be able to sell his corn, but he can lock it up and get a government loan on it. Ordering financial machinery set up by the Reconstruction Finance Corporation, President Roosevelt made it possible for certain corn growers to draw up to 50 cents on each bushel of this year’s crop. Loans will be made only to those farmers cooperating in the 1937 Conservation program. These bor rowers will be required to seal their pens of corn, and must pay a 4 per cent rate of interest.
Although United Press’ poll of the Republican National Committee a week ago showed 32 to 18 in favor of the Hoover proposed national party convention, that committee definitely sidetracked the issue Friday. s
Don Cossack Chorus To Sing In Gym At Eiaht O'Clock Tomorrow Niciht
! Serge Jaroff, diminutive leader of the “singing horsemen of the steppes,” tomorrow night will bring his internationally famous Don Cossack Chorus here for the second Purdue musical convocation in the Memorial Gymnasium at 8 o’clock The Convocation is part of the chorus’ eighth American tour. These 36 singing horsemen, born
Serge Jaroff. diminutive conductor of the Don Cossack Chorus, will lead his popular Russian exiles at the semester’s third convocation tomorrow night at 8 o’clock in the Memorial Gymnasium.
Speer To Open Talks On 'American Speech' Tuesday
Max D. Steer, director of the Purdue Speech Clinic, will speak Tuesday evening at 7 p. m. in the Union. His speech will be the first of a series of lectures held for all foreign students on “Good American Speech.” ' The talks are under the direction of Professor Howard Baldwin, advisor for foreign students, and the University speech clinic.
Led by Chairman John Hamilton, the committee accepted a compromise resolution providing for a “program” committee of not less than 100 members to canvass the nation and formulate a statement of party principles.
Play In Musk Room
on the Russian Steppes, and fighters in the ranks of the Czar during the World War, are now in exile from their native country. Jaroff organized his chorus in 1923. They were brought together in the dreaded prison camp of Tscherlinger near Constantinople. Hearing the "songs about the prison campfire, Jaroff started the chorus.
Jaroff, who could easily be picked up single-handed by any of his giant singers, will present the folk songs of his native Russia, songs of the Ukraine and of Siberia’s vast wastelands, and the featured Don Cossack interpretation of the Volga Boat Song.
S( 0
IS
Soloists from the University Choir, Glee Club, and Orchestra will present a program in the Music Room of the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m. today.
^ur-Sn
National
Off-year elections in 15 states Tuesday brought two important results—^the collapse of Tammany Hall, for 160 years the supreme Democratic political power in New York City; and the defeat of John L. Lewis’ CIO. in Detroit’s mayorn alty race. First “Reform” Mayor of New York City to succeed-himself, fiery Fiorella La Guardia triumphed over his Tammany rival, J. T. Mahoney, by 464,425 votes. Along with their failure to make Democrat Patrick H. O’Brien mayor of Detroit, CIO political chiefs also lost all nine places on the Detroit City Council. Detroit’s new mayor, Richard W. Reading, received belated support from AF of L leaders. They finally decided to back Reading since he was running as an anti-CIO candidate. ‘ Youthful “racket-buster” Thomas B. Dewey ^proved Tammany’s impotency when he bucked the full strength of that group and won the important district attorneyship of New York county (Manhattan) by a plurality of 108,283. Democrat A. Harry Moore nosed out his Republican opponent Lester H. Glee to win the governorship of New Jersey. His victorjiy cuts the number of Republican governors in the nation to six.
Wxii iLr^
four sections with Richard Thornton, pianist; Alberta Schmadel, soprano; Janet (ireger, violinist; and Paul F. Worcester, tenor; each supplying one section. Rosemary Robinson will be the accompanist.
Pareliminaries for the Hafiley speech contest for sophomores will be held Tuesday evening, November 9, at 4 o’clock in room 301 of University 1^11. Speakers for the contest are to pr^are a five minute speech on some phase of economics. The speaker must be an engineer, ing student. Finals for this contest will be held Thursday, November 11, at 7:30 o’clock in the Faculty Lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Engineering Book is First Prize The first prize for the preliminary contest will be an engineering handbook.
First and second place winners are entitled to gnter the Hanley final contest March 3. In this contest two freshmen, two sophomores, two juniors, and two seniors will compete for the fifty dollar top prize and the twenty dollar second prize. Don Sinish and Stanley Middleton will be the freshmen in the final. The junior and senior contestants wil be announced later.
Polling more votes than both his opponents combined. Mayor A. C. Carter, of Prestonburg, Ky.., was swept backdate office Tuesday. (Continue on page 4)
West Lafayette and Lafayette churches are conducting Union Services together tpnight in the Jefferson High School auditorium. Services will start at 8 o’clock. Featured on the program will be the Wesley Foundation Players’ presentation of “The Enemy.” West Lafayette Baptist: Regular Sunday School will start at 9:30 this rporning. At 10:36 the regular morning service will begin. Rev. Joseph B. Gleason will preach on “The Honest Doubter.” Communion services will be held this morning, and new members will be received into the church. \ At ^:30 the Roger Williams Club wil hold its regular social hour. At 6 it will serve a ten cent lunch. Students will present a peace play “Metal Checks,” at 6:30. West Lafayette Methodist: Sunday Schbol services will start at 9:30. Co^-eds will meet at the Wesley Foundation, while male students wil|, have their Sunday School at the church. Dr. Carrol D. W. Hildebrand, DePaul University psychology professor, will preach''the morning sermon, “Pare Still Dream of Peace,” at 10:46.
Fellowship hour begins at the Fcmndation house at 6 p. m. At 6:30
Rams Remain Unbeaten As Elward's
Cec's Placement; On Three Passes
Chart
Crowley
Score On en Score
By Dick Obenchain Sports Editor
POLO GROUNDS, NEW YORK, N. Y., NOV. 6—Pordham’s mighty Rams passed another obstacle on their Rose Bowl march this afternoon as they defeated the Purdue Boilermakers, 21 to 3, before a crowd of 40,000. The Rams took advantage of their scoring opportunities and scored three times on short passes from inside the Purdue 15 yard line. The Purdue squad came on the field and gave a fine demonstration as they marched down to the Fordham 18 yard line where Cec Isbell neatly kicked a field goal and several hundred Purdue Alumni and rooters howled as the Boilermakers went into the lead, 3 to 0. This march featured a catch by Zachary who snatched a 30 yard pass from out of the hands of two Fordham back. Rams Score Afer Recovering Brock’s Fumble Three points were not enough, however, as Fordham immediately recovered Brock’s fumble of a punt and scored on a short pass to Krywicki. Krywicki again took a pass over the goal in the second quarter to increase the Rams’ lead to 14 to 3. J'ordham scored again in the fourth quarter on a pass to Barbatsky to complete the scoring for the afternoon. The Purdue squad looked ragged in spots and brilliant at times but the big difference between the two teams was in the passing. Purdue, attempting long passes, could only complete 4 in 20, while the short Ram passes clicked 7 out of 10 times for three touchdowns.
Purdue elects to kick off, defending the west goal. Humphrey kicks to Eazlo, who brings ball to his 27. Principe gains a yard through center, Kazlo another yard through right tackle.
Kazlo pultits to Brock, who takes the ball from his 35 to his 42. Isbell hits left tackle for no gain. Brock stopped cold on a try through right guard. Isbell punts.
Krywicki takes punt on his 13 and goes out of bounds. Principe fails to gain on reverse. Principe crashes through center for 17 yards. Granski loses one yard. Kazlo through center for three yards. Time out, Purdue.
Kazlo punts to Brock, who carries the ball from the 32 to his 43. Ippoito tries left guard with no success. Isbell loses one yard. Isbell tosses a pass to Zachary, sensational catch on the Fordham 35, Brock smashes right guard for three yards. Cody Isbell laterals to brother Cecil, who makes six yards around right end. Ippolito crashes center for first down.
Cec Isbell tosses to Zachary over the goal which Zach fumbles after juggling twice. Ippolito makes one yard inside right tackle. Cec Kicks Field Goal Fourth down, nine. Cec back for field goal, Cody holding. High pass from center which Cody pulls down and sets up. Cec kicks a perfect field goal.
the Epworth League meets at the
church.
Central Presbyterian: Regular Sunday School services will be held at 9:30 this morning. At^ 10:46 the regular morning worship services will start. Rev. William R. Graham will preach on “One Day in History.” The morning program will be an Armistice Day theme. Members of Sigma Nu fraternity are planning to attend the services in a body to commemorate the members of their fraternity who died during the war. At 6 p. m. the Sunday Evening Club will hold its regular meeting. It will serve the regular 16 cent supper. Professor J. H. McKee, of the University English department, ■will speak on “Where Are Our Newspapers Now?” St. John’s Episcopal; Holy communion services will be conducted at 10:46 this morning. Majbr Mahin, national treasurer of Scabbard and Blade, ■will talk on “Compulsory Military Training.” At 6 p. m. the young people’s fellowship hour will begin.
Score: Purdue, 3; Fordham, 0. Humphrey kicks to Fortunato on the 16, who is downed on the 28. Granski makes seven yards over right guard. Granski drives through to the 50 yard line and laterals to Principe, who goes to the Purdue 40 before being knocked out of bounds. 25 yards gain. Fordham time out.
Kazlo loses two yards but the play is called back and Fordham is penalized 15 yards for holding. Granski passes to Jacumski, who laterals to Fortunato for a 13 yard gain. Kazlo tosses over right guard to Druze forjihree yards. Interception Granski passes, Cec Isbell intercepts ^on the Purdue 23. Brock loses two yards around left end. Ippolito makes them up through xleft guard. Cec punts to Fortunato on his own 27, where he fumbles and recovers, to be knocked out of bounds on his 34.
Fordham is offsides on next play. The Rams lose one yard in two tries. Quarter ends with ball on Fordham 28, in their possession. Score: Purdue, 3; Fordham, 0. -- (Continued on page 3) '
Other Scores
Fordham, 21; Purdue, 3. Michigan, 13; Chicago, 12. Indiana, 10; Ohio State, 0. Illinois, 6; Northwestern, 0. Pittsburgh, 21; Notre Dame, 6. Minnesota, 35; Iowa, 10. West Virginia, 6; Georgetown, 6. Dartmouth, 33; Princeton, 9. Syracuse, 27; .Western Reserve, 6. Penn. State, 7; Penn., 0. Michigan State, 13; Temple, 6. Villanova, 25; Marquette, 7. Carnegie Tech, 6; Duquesne, 0. Navy, 13; Columbia, 6. Holy Cross, 12; Colgate, 7. Army, 7; Harvard, 6. Yale, 19; Brown, 0. N. Y. U., 13; Lehigh, 0. Auburn, 14; Tennessee, 0. Florida, 6; Georgia, 0.
DePauw Dodor Will Address AAUP Meeting
Dr. Carrol DeWitt Hildebrand, of DePauw University, •will address the AAUP at a ^nner meeting to be held in the Home Economics Cafeteria Tuesday evening at 6:15. Reservations for the dinner should be given to Prof. F. H. Hodge in the Recitation Building early Monday morning.
Party Arrives Tonight On Spedal Train
Illinois Beats Wildcats 6-0 In Last Period
In one of the big upsets of the day, Illinois defeated the Northwesteni Wildcats, 6-0, in a closely fought battle at Dycke Stadium with a fourth quarter rally. Taking advantage of a short Northwestern punt in the final period, the mini started from Northwestern’s 36 yard line, and marched across the goal line in four plays. A pass and two line plays by Wardley put the" ball on the one foot marker, where Burner plunged over for the touchdo'wn. Both teams produced scoring opportunities in the first half, but were unable to make use of them.
A crowd of 4^000 Northwestern homecoming fans witnesse4 the sirrprise .victory over last year’s Big Ten champions. Wardley, of Illinois, and Heap, of the Wildcats, were the outstanding stars of the fray.
Leaving New York at 11 o’clock last night, the 54 members of the Boilermaker football party headed homeward in a special Big Four train. The train will stop at Niagara Falls sometime this morning in order to give the party an hour of sightseeing at the famous landmark.
Although the spedal train is scheduled to arrive in Lafayette at 8:40 tonight, it was prophesied that as the train is a special it may ardve between 8 and 8:15 p. nu Any<me desiring the exaet time pay call the NYC passenger office after 7 p. m. as the exact time of arrival wiU he known hy thW.Editorial Staff MANAGING EDITOR J. E. Brock ASSOCIATE EDITORS D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroedor, H. I. Stanback, D. S. Vance Co-ed Staff CO-ED EDITOR Elizabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee. NIGHT EDITOR ....Bailey November
BUSINESS MANAGER ...... D. C. Miller Basiness Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER J. P. Girard Local Advertisinsr Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER.... R. R. Hensler National Advertising Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. Gillilan Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER............... M. C. Reeves Siports Staff SPORTS EDITOR.. R. F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE ED1TORS........J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
7, 1937 ISSUE EDITOR....-.-
-Torrence
Let’s All Turn Out To Meet The Team Thirty-five Boilermaker gridiron players will roll into Lafayette on the Big Four railway shortly after 8 o’clock this evening at the end of a none too successful trip to the East. Accompaning them will be their capable coach, Mai Elward. Purdue’s boys were beaten by the Fordham Rams yesterday ... beaten decisively. There’s nothing disgraceful in suffering defeat at the hands of a worthy opponent, however, and who can deny the strength of the Fordham eleven ? The Boilermakers return for two more weeks of intensive drills and scrimmage before this se ason is ended. And these two weeks have possibilities of amending any gridiron grievances Purdue fans may have built up this fall. Next Saturday Coach Elward’s team will trot onto Wisconsin’s playing field to battle the rugged Badger eleven, defeated only once this season and then by Pittsburgh’s powerhouse squad. Wisconsin did not play yesterday and should be well enough rested by next Saturday that any attempt at knock-
ing them out of their present berth at the top of the Western Conference wil ble met only by the stiffest of opposition. And then on November 20 . . . then we get a halfholiday to go doAvn to Bloomington, where the Purdue nien will face their most important opponent of the season. A victory over Indiana any year is reason enough for declaring three days’ holiday from school . . , a victory over Indiana this year should merit a week’s vacation. Have you read about the Hoosiers’ performance against Ohio State yesterday—the Ohio State that whipped Purdue, 13-0, a month ago? Well, the Hoosiers defeated that Buckeye team yesterday by a 10-0 score. Only a Knute Rockne can tell you the value of correct mental attitude towards winning a game. You, students of Purdue, can help the Boilermakers to gain the poise and confidence necessary to making a good stand against their last two opponents of the 1937 season. The boys may be rather discouraged and downhearted when they arrive in Lafayette this evening. A welcoming delegation of students and townspeople can do a lot toward cheering them up. Let’s take a few minutes this evening to go down to. the Big Four station to welcome our football team. A cheery welcome means ever so much more after a defeat than after a victory.
Any letter to the editor mast not exce^ ISO WORDS in lengrth, and mast be accompanied by the writer’s siffjnatnre. PSA Is Not ‘RED’ Dear Editor : As a former member of the Purdue Student Alliance, I have taken a great interest in the recent controversy regarding that organization and the merits of one, Joseph Lash. As regards Mr. Lash, it must be admitted by all that his record shows him to be a person of very radical tendencies—^not at all the type one would expect to find on the Purdue campus. But the Purdue Student Alliance is an organization of another color . . . not red, not even pink, in my estimation. From my contacts with certain of its members last year, it seems that they were rather conservative in their beliefs, but, as alert, young, socially-minded citizens, they were displaying an intense interest in those things which never bother a Joe College. In discussing the Alliance, however, it must be remembered that it is a separate organization from the radical American Student Union, the only connection being in name apd through certain formalities required in any society. It is not bound to adhere to the policies of the Student Union, and, in fact, the Pur-
due Chapter has at times expressed violent disagreement with the resolutions adopted and courses charted by the national organization. As a matter of recorded fact, one might as well accuse the Purdue Student Senate of being a “red” organization, since the Senate has belonged for some time to the National Student Federation of America -— an organization only, slightly less “pink” than the ASU. In other words, don’t confuse the Purdue Student Alliance with the American Student Union, don’t confuse the policies and beliefs of Joe Lash with those of the Alliance, and don’t confuse radical beliefs or communistic tendencies with an active interest in vital national and international affairs. . —Wiliam T. Hunt, ’37. Math Department Motto: ‘They Shall Not Pass’ Dear Editor: Why is it such a high percentage of students in higher mathematics.
especially in Math 4, flunk the examinations ? The proclivity of the staff for passing out well-nigh impossible examination questions reminds me of the famous statement made by Joffre at the Marne: “They shall not pass.” In my humble opinion, an examination should serve the utilitarian end of classifying students according to degrees of excellence, not the plhilOsophical end of impressing upon each student his utter and abominable ignorance of the subject.' In some departments, an exam is the medium by which this knowledge is exposed; in the math department, God knows, an exam is simply a case of staff against students with the dice heavily loaded in favor of the former. - One of the conditions which seem most unfair is that certain instructors are prone to give examinations which not the most intelligent student in the class can pass, while other instructors (doubtless members of the SPCA) limit the difficulty of their exams, thus making it possible for the upper five percent of the class to attain grades of P minus or thereabouts.
This contrib merits something, if for nothing more than it names 16 commandments instead, of the conventional ten. . COMMANDMENTS OF THE LOVER’S LEAGUE 1. Thou shalt not date thy brother’s girl. 2. Thou shalt not take no for an answer. 3. Thou shalt not let thy school work interfere with thy love life. 4. Thou shalt not visit the sweet shop less than four times a day. 5. Thou shalt not have less than four dates a week. 6. Thou shalt not fail to get “that old feelin’ ” less than once every 24 hours. 7. Thou shalt always have plenty on the ball or else on the string. 8. Thou shalt strive to increase thy pitch factor. 9. Thou shalt always be willing to get thy brethren dates. 10. Thou shalt not date any of Purdue’s goons. 11. Thou shalt not worship thy roommate’s girl’s picture. 12. Thou shalt never be afraid when looking into thy mirror. 13. Thou shalt not become discouraged when dates are broken, refused or prove frigid. ‘ 14. Thou shalt not fail to visit the airport less than once a week. 15. Thou shalt never let a full moon go to waste.
Come to think of it, maybe they’ve got something there. There should be plenty of dirt since the Ball stopped rolling last night, or rather at 2 o’clock this morning. To add insult to injury, the instructor smiles shyly (and slyly) upon you, the while reiterating “Why, gentlemen, these, are just simple integration problems!” Why, Mr. Instructor; these problems are not remotely approached in the text!
.,Copr. ttl'l br VAltM f eatort *«>•
“What’s this new model like—is it a good car?” .
TODAY—TOMORROW ^ HO"®’’"’®®" p.H»''®'Ao<lWartho! »oV.o ^
SUNDAY — MONDAY TYRONE POWER LORETTA YOUNG DON AMECHE
—and—
—also— “March of Time” Tuesday and Wednesday MARTHA RAYEin “HIDAWAY GIRL” BOB ALLEN in ^‘Law of the Range”
Are there further student opinions upon this odious academic subject ? —E. V. M.
Editor’s Note: We are glad to receive and publish letters from our readers, but we must insist that the writers observe our rules concerning contributions. Several interesting letters that came into our office within the past few days were not published because they either far exceeded the stipulated length of 150 words or did not bear the signature of the writer. Under
tivff via.v>ujLtio
a letter, the author of which is unknown to us.
HER TICKET TO PAnUIISE WAS STAMI /Br 2 MieAs Dramatic triumph for gorgeously* gowned Joan..;in thrill-romance tinged with loughter.. . but whaf heart-throb!' --fr^^tf^ «*f»5K \ I-V--’^ m t +^4»vr w
swr»%»3ss<»«^>«~%s“»^9B
mm
T ’•/
♦
jt.
4j^' f ,,V,, ■"
Sunday, November 7, 1937
THE PUHOUE EXPONENT
Bodeau Leads Boilermaker Cross Country Men In Win Over Butler^ 23-32
Five Mates Finish In First Ten; Phillips
Enjoys First Win Over Former Charges
Placing six men among the first ten to cross the finish line, the Boilermaker thinly-clads defeated the Butler University cross-country squad 23-32 yesterday morning for Coach Harmon Phillip's first victory over his former alma-mater and employer. With Purdue men finishing first, third, and fifth and nine out of the 14 to complete the run wearing the Gold and
Black colors the race was prac-
tically a Boilermaker affair. Art Bodeau, running one of the best races of his care'er, lead the team in with the fine time of 18:4, followed by Butler's Southworth running the three ^nd one quarter miles in 18:37 and Purdue’s Knapp placing third with 18:39. ' Weather Conditions Perfect The race was run Saturday morning at 10:30 over the Butler University three and a quarter mile track in ideal cross-country weather conditions, which undoubtedly added to the success of the Boilermaker squad. The first five men to cross the line for Purdue finished in the following order: Bodeau, first; Knapp, third; Marozick, fifth; Gaulke, sixth; and Long ,eighth. Next Saturday the cross-country squad will accompany the Boilermaker football team to Madison where they will meet the Wisconsin University squad in a dual engagement.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT
ADVERTISERS
Final ROTC Softball Games ChangedToTomorrow Night
With all basic military training softball games scheduled for last Friday moved up to tomorrow night, the first round of igames in the annual ROTC fall softball tournament near completion. The games tomorrow will be the last in a series of three elimination games which has been progressing for the past week. Tuesday night the winners of the elimination series will meet to begin the final round of the tournament. The members of the winning team will be awarded gold, medals, while the runner-up team will receive silver medals awarded by the military department.
MILITABY SOFTBALL —MONDAY—
1— H-1 vs S-3 2— A-1 vs F-3 3— B-1 vs E-3 4— C-1 vs D-3 5— D-1 vs C-3 6— E-1 vs B-3 7— P-1 vs A-3 8_S-1 vs H-3
9—H-2 vs S-4 10— A-2 vs F-4 11— B-2 vs E-4 12— C-2 vs D-4 13_D-2 vs C-4 14— E-2 vs B-4 15— P-2 vs A-4 16— S-2 vs H-4
A Real Treat
Give five minutes a day to enjoy a delicious sundae or perhaps an ice cream cone. We deliver to your home in brick and bulk and in a wide choice of plain and fancy flavors and designs.
FAIRMAN BROS. ICE CREAM
WEST LAFAYETTE
Indiana Smothers Buckeyes Af Columbus
Indiana defeated Ohio State in yesterday’s biggest upset by a score of 10 to 0 before a crowd of 47,000 frenzied fans at Columbus, O, Bo McMillin’s fighting Hoosiers repelled two fierce Buckeye onslaughts before they intercepted an Ohio State pass in the second quarter and marched down the field into scoring position. On the fourth down Miller, Indiana center, booted a field goal for the first points of the game. In the third period Petrich completed a Hoosier pass and lunged over the goal line. T^e conversion was good, and the scoring was completed for the game. The Hoosiers exhibited a potential pass defense, and their punting was outstanding.
Co-eds To Play Five Tennis Singles Matches Tomorrow
Five singles matches in the co-ed tennis tournament will be played tomorrow at 4 p. m. on the women's courts. Contestants will report scores to Miss Bab in the main office of the women’s gym, and are asked by Miss Veronica Brady, director of the tourney, to get in touch with their opponents before they play.
Matches to be played are: Court 1, Mary Reimann v. Pauline George; Court 2, Lucy Demoret v. Jai^ Horne; Court 3, Louise Thomas v. Margaret Stocker; Court 4, Ruth Randall v. Roselyn Jackson; Court 5, Dorothy Schilling v. Virginia Baxter.
Pitt Shows Tremendous Power In last Quarter To
Vanquish Notre Dame 21-6
A capacity crowd of 56,000 fans saw Notre Dame’s highly touted gridiron squad go down in defeat yesterday before a last quarter onslaught administered by the Pittsburgh Panthers, 21 to 6, at South Bend.
Notre Dame played a perfect game the first three quarters and were leading 6 to 0 in the final period, when the eleven from the “smokey city” turned loose to score three touchdowns before the Irish could realize what wa^ going on.
In the last quarter drive Prank Patrick accounted for two of the touchdowns when he crossed the line on power drives proving the superiority of the Pitt squad. Bill Stebbins followed in a like fashion when he crossed the goal line after a 66-yard march down the field.
An Amazing Demonstration
Tomorrow, Goodyear will give
two thrilling demonstrations of their new Goodyear Life-Guard Tubes.
One demonstration will be held at ten o'clock on South Street at Sixth in Lafayette. The other will will take place at two o'clock in front of the University Service Center in West Lafayette.
Don't forget the dote day, November the eighth.
Mon-
Peter Anderson Company
525 ALABAMA
24-HOUR SERVICE
PHONE 4048
Michigan Eieven Scores Twice In Fourth Quarter To Defeat Chicago 13-12
Two Michigan, touchdowns in the final four minutes of the fourth quarter, gave the Wolverine eleven a 13 to 12 margin over the Maroon squad from Chicago, at Ann Arbor, yesterday. The first of the two touchdowns came when Stark Ritchie', of the Wolverines, completed a 41-yard end run to the goal. In the few following minutes he ran across the winning touchdown from the three yard line, after the Maroons fumbled on their 21-yard line.
After stopping every Michigan drive for three quarters the Chicago squad lost out in those final minutes that count so much. Chicago received the breaks all the way up to the final period, scoring their first on a pass after a break when Barclay of Michigan fumbled a punt on his 25.
Chicago’s second touchdown came midway in the third period when Fitzgerald faked a punt on a fourth down in his own territory. The touchdown came in orderly fashion on a line plunge and a long pass from Sherman to Washem.
E. R. Bartlett To Talk
At Armistice Banquet
Sponsored by the Purdue Peace Committee, Edward R. Bartlett will deliver an address entitled, “The Will To Peace, Is It An Illusion ?” at the Armistice Day Banquet.
As a writer, lecturer, and educator, Dr. Bartlett specializes in youth conferences, YMCA, and YWCA groups, and in religious and public school organizations. He has had long experience in dealing with youth, including special studies in the field of juvenile delinquency, to interpret problems of character and personality development. For many years he had been the author of “Studies for Youth,” a church school publication.
Dr. Bartlett is head of the depart-
ment of religious education at DePauw University, president of the Indiana Council of Christian Education, and is also a member of the Central Committee of the International Council of Religious Educa-
tion.
Rams Defeat Purdue 21-3, Before 40,000 Spectators
(Continued fom page 1)
Second Quarter Woitkoski punts, goes over Brock in safety position. Brock touches ball on his own five yard stripe. Wojciechowicz recovers for Fordham. Fordham’s ball on Purdue’s five,
Woitkoski tries left guard for no gain. Woitkoski’s pass to Krywicki in the end zone scores touchdown. Druze’s place kick is good.
Score: Fordham, 7; Purdue, 3. Barbartsky boots to Zachary who takes the ball to his 38. Cec tries a pass, intercepted by Krywicki on the Fordham 36. Krywicki downed on his 38. Woitkoski picks up two yards through right tackle and center. Play is called back, Fordham penalized 15 yards for holding. Principe sneaks seven yards through left tackle. Woitkoski punts to Brock. Brock and DeWitte each pick up one yard. Cecil Isbell punts to Krywicki, who fumbles. Woltman knocks the ball out of bounds on the Fordham 41. First down, ten, for the Boilermakers. Attempted Pass Cec makes a yard through right guard. Cec is thrown for an eight yard loss on attempted pass. Cecil passes incomplete to Brock. Cec punts to the one yard line, where Woltman downs the ball. Woitkoski kicks to Brock on Purdue’s 45. Brock, aided by Cec Isbell’s fine blocking, brings the ball to the Rams’ 28. Cec is thrown for 14 yard loss. Zachary fumbles, Monica recovering for the Rams. Seven Yard Gain Woitkoski through left tackle for seven yards. Principe gains a yard through left tackle. Woitkoski loses on a try at right tackle. Woitkoski punts to Purdue’s ten yard stripe. Ippolito tries a line buck, Cec punts to Krywicki in midfield. Granski goes around left end for 18 yards. Woitkoski tosses to Krywicki on Purdue’s eight. Krywicki with pass from Woitkoski goes over for touchdown; Druze kicks the extra point. Fordham, 14; Purdue, 3. Stanton kicks off. Isbell’s long pass IS intercepted by Krywicki. Play called back; a pass interference penalty gives Purdue a first down.
Cody Isbell laterals to Brock who makes 15 yards. Cec passes to KraiTse, intercepted by Wojciechowicz. Fordham is penalized to one yard line for too much time in huddle. Kazlo punts to Cec, who takes the ball on Fordham’s 45, and laterals to Brock, who is downed on the Rams’ 36 as the period ends. Score: Fordham, 14; Purdue, 3.
Third Quarter Purdue kicks off to Jacunski to Fordham 25. After two tries on the line, Woitkoski punts to Brock who
Certain to PJsa&SL
For Men
These leather’and pony jackets will give warmth and smartness
PRICES $12.95 and $19.95 with special prices for students
STEIGER BROS. FUR SHOP
530 Main
Kappas Will Honor Nafional Secretary With Tea Today
National Field Secretary Marian Handy, of Kappa Kappa Gamma, will be the guest of honor at a formal tea this afternoon from 4 to 5 o'clock in the chapter house. Miss Handy, who arrived here last Thursday after her inspection of the Kappa chapter at Michigan State University, interviewed the various committees as national officer and was present at pledge and active meetings yesterday.
receives the ball on his ovra 18 and returns it to the 26. Don Powell picks up 11 yards for a first down. Cecil Isbell gains five yards around left end; attempts a pass to Zachary. Brock and Woitkoski fight for Isbell’s pass. Boilermakers get the ball. Three plays make a yard and Isbell punts out on the Rams’ 17. Fordham is penalized five yards. Rams get a first down when Principe breaks for five yards. Woitkoski goes to the 30. Fortunate and Kazlo garner six yards in two plays. Drive is stopped when a lateral from Kazlo to Principe fails. Woitkoski kicks into Purdue’s end zone. DeWitte gains five yards. A two yard gain by Brock is called back Purdue penalized five yards. DeWitte takes a lateral from Cecil Isbell for five yards. A pass from Cecil Isbell to Zachary is incomplete. Cec is rushed while kicking but the play is called back. Fordham offside. Boilermakers get five yards for first down. Three minutes left in the quarter, Powell smashes through the line for ten yards and another first down. Cec Passes Nine Yards Cec tosses to DeWitte for nine yards. Brock drives to Fordham 32. Cody Isbell drops a pass from Cecil on the 15. DeWitte picks up five yards but the next play loses two yards. Krause catches Isbell’s pass out of bounds. Rams get the ball. Principe makes a yard, and Woitkoski shakes loose to sprint to Purdue's 42, travelling 28 yards. Principe stopped by Dewitte. Pass from Kazlo to Druze complete, Druze laterals to Fortunate for an eight yard gain. The quarter ends. Score: Fordham, 14; Purdue, 3. Fourth Quarter , Woitkoski reverses for two yards, a first down. Kazlo fades back, heaves to Druze who laterals to Barbartsky who races over the goal line. Kazlo’s place kick knocked down by Heimis, Kazlo picks up the ball and runs it across the goal line for the extra point. Score: Fordham, 21; Purdue, 3. Fordham kicks off, Woitkoski falls on the ball for Fordham on the Purdue 13 when Purdue lets the ball roll free. Woitkoski’s pass to Druze takes play to the six yard line. A pass over the goal line is knocked down by Dewitte. Kazlo makes two yards. Principe makes a gain just inches short of a first down. Ball goes to the Gold and Black on three yard line. Brown punts to the 39, and Krause throws Woitkoski for a thirteen yard loss on the next play. Kazlo fails to gain. Principe picks up five yards through center. Kazlo kicks out of hounds on the Purdue 16. After two plays Cecil Isbell goes around left eiSd for six yards. He kicks to McKnight. Woitkoski carrys the ball for three downs and nine yards. Fails to make a first down and punts to Brock, who returns the ball to the 24. Cecil Isbell smashes thi’ough tackle for eight yards. Brock and Cody Isbell garner a yard apiece for a first down. Gee’s pass incomplete and a second is intercepted by McEnight. Fordham was offside on the play and the five yard penalty results. Cecil Isbell loses a yard and a pass bounces off Thursby’:| hands on the 15. Cec punts out on the Fordham 23. Purdue Mak^ First Down Lock and Kazlo net three yards on two plays. Kazlo’s punt to Cecil Isbell is returned ten yards to the Purdue 37. Cec passes to Thursby for a first down. The Rams* offside on the next pay get five yard penalty, followed by Isbell’s run for a first down. Isbell passes again, but it is inters cepted by Kazlo and be runs it back to the 26, Lock drives for a yard gain as the game ends. Final score; Fordham, 21;* Purdue, 3.
MlI
Y i
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday> Novembeir 7, 1937
(Continued foin page 1)
Mayor Carter is under a two-year sentence for mis-management
federal relief funds.
of
Returning a \erdict of guilty, a Cincinnati jury demanded the death penalty yesterday morning for Mrs. Anna Mane Hahn, 31-year-old blonde poisoner vei'sed in the art of arsenic administration. Deliberating only two and a half hours, the jury of eleven women and one man convicted Mrs. Hahn of the first degree murder of Jacob (“my old uncle Jake”) Wagner. Entered m the case also were damaging bits of testimony concerning three other deaths which blaze her “trail of arsenic murder.” Labor Hopes for an AF of L-CIO reunion brightened considerably this week. The labor conference came to order Thursday as scheduled and struck at the fundamental issue between the tv 0 factions by agreeing to discuss which industries should have broad industrial unions. The Federation conceded rebel CIO exclusive rights in the rubber and maritime fields in an effort to achieve reunion. AF of L leaders have given warning the fight on CIO candidates will be intensified should the present parley fail. In Detroit’s elections, AF of L support of the anti-CIO mayoralty candidate played no little part in bringing about the defeat of his Lewis-launched opponent.
Alpha Phi Omega To Give Union Program Alpha Phi Omega, national Boy Scout fraternity, will present the regular Union Sunday evening program tonight at 5:15. The program will consist of the showing of a reel of European travel pictures and a Vox Pop. The pictures were taken last summer at the International Boy Scout Jamboree in Belgium. The Vox Pop will be in the form of a verbal examination given to members of the audience and will be similar in nature to the radio’s “Man on the Street” programs.
Co-Edits
Of particular note this week was the admihistration’s entrance into the controversy between the two labor rivals. At his first Washington press conference, after a visit to Hyde Park, President Roosevelt,asserted he had always favored re union between the American Fed eration of Labor and the Committee for Industrial Organization. When asked if the government had taken any active part in trying to bring the two groups together, he replied, “Not that I know of.”
In the field of labor-capital disputes, the longshoreman’s strike against five coastwise lines in Houston, Tex., gets first mention. Four thousand shoresmen quit work Sunday and demanded a 44-hour week and $1.27% for overtime pay. Thursday the strike was ended, the longshoresmen settling for a 44hour week and $1.20 as the hourly overtime rate. Foreign AniericEn hostesses eager to entertain the Duke and Duchess of Windsor were disappointed yesterday when cables and wires carried news of the indefinite postponement of the couple’s trip to the States. Attacked by the Baltimore Federation of Labor for choosing Arch Enemy of Unionism Dedaux as chief aranger of his American tour, Edward abandoned the trip here to study housing and industrial conditions rather than strain AngloAmerican relations. English papers applauded the Duke’s decision. Bedaux is in disrepute with American labor because of his alleged “stretch out” practices which force workers to step up production without increasing wages.
Two billion six hundred million pounds of Brazil coffee will be poured into the world market in the near future. Failure of a seven years’ effort to control coffee prices caused Finance Minister Costa to dissolve the Brazil regulation pro-
gram. War
Rice—a junk full of it—almost caused an “international incident” in Shanghai Monday. In the midst of Tieavy hand-to-hand fighting across Soochow creek from International Settlement and its United States marine guard, a Japanese sentry fired on a rice-laden Chinese vessel that was being unloaded under the supervision of the marines. The creek was crowded with sampans, (coastal skiffs) which Nipponese troops commandeered to make into a pontoon bridge. They spanned the creek, captured the junk, and forced it over to the other side, where the rice was presumably confiscated. Marine Commandant Major General John C. Beaumont immediately protested the happening and Jap anese officers apologized. Beaumont stood fast, warned the Japanese the marines would forget the incident only when the junk was returned Two o’clock Tuesday afternoon was set as the deadline and promptly at that time the marines passed a rope across the creek. Just as promptly the Japanese hitched the rope to the junk and it was hauled to the marine-manned side of the
creek.
A Chinese spokesman admitted Monday that Japanese troops had achieved one of their major objectives, the crossing to the south side of Soochow creek, near the International Settlement, where Chinese troops are preparing strong defense
lines.
The Japanese drive across the creek bogged down, however, when Chinese artillerymen succeeded in blowing up two of the three bridges Nipponese engineers had constructed in forcing the crossing. Japanese officials announced Friday that large army units had been successfully landed at Hangchow bay, 30 miles south of Shanghai. This landing may provide the route to the rear of the Chinese lines Japanese officers have been seeking since the start of the present hostilities around Shanghai.
‘Live Life To The Fullest’ Convocations widen the general knowledge of the student body. Too often men apd women allow other interests to interfere with their attendance of the lectures and musical
programs.
One junior co-ed said, “I am planning to go to every convo this year regardless of assignments or tests. J felt I had missed an opportunity every time I did not attend a pro-
gram last year.”
This girl has made a good resolution and is intelligent because she realizes the value of the talent the University is offering her. Most replies to “Why are you not going to convo tonight ? ” include “I have too much work to prepare,” “I must get some sleep some time,” or “I have to study for a test.” The first two excuses can be laid to poor planning on the part of the student; the last conflicts with the strong belief and convictions that instructors should give no tests the day follow-
ing a convocation.
“To live life to the fullest” was what Judge Allen, of the Federal circuit court of Cleveland, 0., urged the co-eds on the last night of the Women’s Work and Opportunity Conference here. We believe she would include attendance at all kinds of lectures and musical programs as p^rt of getting the most
out of life.
Hitler will not umpire the Sind^ Japanese War! Chinese Ambassador Chien Tien-Fong declares there is no truth in the conflicting rumors ^bmanating from Berlin that both paraes in the Far Eastern conflict agreed to German mediation. Meanwhile' the Brussels’ nine-power conference marks time as Japan openly refuses to heed any suggestions offered by the delegates.
Tokyo lists the following concessions necessary for peace negotiations: China must no longer disseminate anti-Japanese propaganda and must eliminate its communistic practices. Dr. Koo, hea^ of China’s delegation to the nine-power conference, replies that his country will consider no peace terms which do not provide for Japanese evacuation.
Yoiur morning cup of coffee will soon be cheaper!
—TODAY— YWCA Business Girls’ Breakfast: Faculty lounge of Union at 9:30 a. m. Horticultural Show: Horticulture Building from 1 to 5 p. m. . PIA Rehearsal: Tower room of Union at 2 p. m. Musicale: Music room of Union at 4 p. m. —TOMORROW— Agapai Club Luncheon: Faculty lounge of Union at 1 p. m. Committee on State of the University: Rooms 1 and 2 of Union at 4 p. m. Phi Mu Sorority Meeting: Room A of Union at 7 p. m. Convocation—Don Cossack Concert: Memorial Gymnasium at 8 p. m.
I By Mary Cooley “Just what does the college student expect in the perfect mate?” This question, pi’esented to a crosssection group of students at Miami University, elicited answers onethird of which were so general they could be applied to |)oth sexes. The most popular qualifications were' consideration for others and high morals, with emphasis on honesty. Next most popular were perfect health and cheerfulness. Close behind these ranked intelligence and a sense of hilmor. The women’s tendency to place importance on trivialities was demonstrated by their requirement of a pleasing baritone voice, clear complexion, blue eyes, wavy sandy hair, and an interest in ai’t. Three co-eds wanted their husbands to be “good-looking but not too good-looking” ... a precaution against too much competition mixed with pride in marrying a handsome man. * * ^ Football has been discarded for rodeo sports at the Cheyenne School at Colorado Springs. Bucking horses and wild steers are considered less dangerous by the school officials. =1 t H + Because the boys at St. John’s College, Annapois, Maryland, have been eating too fast. Miss Georgia Smith, college dietitian, is aranging to have a radio installed in the dining hall to slow the pace with waltz music. Food-bolting students now face the prospect of military marches for breakfast, leisurely fox-trots for lunch, and languid waltzes for dinner. f. Jk :}« 5** Approximately half a million dollars IS spent in Columbus, 0., each year by members of 51 social and professional fraternities of Ohio State University.
Herteing, Hardy, Igney, Minney, Partridge, Paijine, Rechenbach. Richards, Reeder, Rohrbough, Rieth, Stallings, Swartz, and Witsman. —LAMBERT.
Newman Club: Meeting of the Contact Committee at 4 :16 p. m. in room A of the Union Building on November 7. —McCONAHAY.
. Chess Players: Everyone interested in playing competitive chess attend Chess Club meeting^ November 9 in the game room of the Union. / —BELLINGER.
Senior Military: A test will be given to students deficient in History in room 201, Armory, at 4 p. m. November 5, and at 4 p. m. November 8. —PICKERING
Playshop: Stage crew now working on flats for "Hell-Bent Fer Heaven,”, every night in the Union sub-basement. —BRENMAN.
Mortar Board: Meeting November 8 at 4 p. m. in room F of the Union. Please bring outline maps of the United States. —RITCHIE.
Alpha Lambda Delta: New members pay dues not later than Novetnber 10."^ Pins are $3 50 extra Leave money at the Union desk for Janette Morris. -MORRIS.
Debris: All sophomoies on spoits staff and all those working on copy for the sports section please meet in the Debris office at 4 p m. November 8. —LEWIS WAA Riflery: No piactice November 7. —CHRISTENSON
Student Senate: Handbook Committee will meet November 8, at 4 o’clock, in the Senate office. —MONTFORT
Phi Mu: Meeting is postponed until Novembei 10 at 7 o’clock in the Union —GAYLORD
Delta Rhp Kappa: Compulsory meeting of pledges November 7 at 3 p m. in Union lobby. —MERRI'TT.
folio
Zouave Candidates: Will the following candidates report to the Armory November 8 at 4:15 for formal pledging. Wear diess
uniforms.
G. E. Baumle, E. L Blakslee, A. Botsford, J. A. Clark, W. M. DeWitt, C. J. Echterling, J. W. Flett, B. Gibson, L Hess, C. L. Hobbs, R. W. Huffman, R. W. Jerram, R. F. Jones. F Leverette, R. Luthi, R. C Meleney, R. F. Miller, B. H. Morgan, R S. Nail, E. E, Plummer, G E. Posson, T Soliit, L Stallwood, F. Starshank, R. A. Stull, P. Swisher. F V. Teetei, R Wagner, C Woodhull, R C. Zimmer. —EXTON. Debris Sales Staff: All salesmen report to turn in books and work on cards at 4 p m. November 7 in Debris office. —SIEBENTHAL.
WAA: Archeiy touinament may be shot November 8 at 4 p. m —BOEHM.
Reamer Club: No meeting November 7. —ROSS.
Methodist Students: Epworth League services November 7 will be the Wesley Players’ presentation of “The Enemy.” Piogram on cooperation November 14. ..-LUDBERG.
Union Sophomores: Our committee report to Music Room November 7 at 3:30 p. m. —WOOD, CABONARGI.
Union Vice Presidents: Repoit to Ballroom on November 7 at 5 :00 p m. to judge Sunday evening programs. , —MASON. CARBONARGI .
Union Sophomores: Our committee report to Union ballroom November 7 at 5:00 p. m. —MASON, CABONARGI Scabbard and Blade: All members, actives and pledges, who will be available for the Armistice Day celebration November 11, report to aimory on November 8 for a short peiiod of instruction —BAALS and EMRICK
Military Training Softball Tournament: All battely softball games scheduled foi November 5 will be played November 8 at 4-15. —KURTZ
Ceres Pledges: Important meeting of all Ceres pledges in Agriculture Hall at 4:00 p. m. November 8 —ZIEGLER
University Orchestra: Reheaisal November 10 at 7 p m in Music Room of Memorial Union Building —PHILLIPS.
TOUCHBALL —MONDAY— 1— Sigma Pi vs Phi Delta Theta— Boyer. 2— Lambda Chi Alpha vs Pi Kappa Phi—Bilings. 3— Theta Chi vs Phi Kappa Sigma —Caparoso. 4— Pi Kappa Alpha vs Phi Sigma Kappa—Captain. 5— Alpha Gamma Rho vs Triangle —Juillard. 6— Sigma Chi vs Sigma Alpha Mu —Leppla. 7— Delta Upsilon vs Kappa Delta Rho—Kerber. 8— Ward 4 vs Ward 5—^Wallace. 9— Ward 11 vs Ward 7X or llA— Smithson. 10—Cary Hall 2 vs Ward 1—Troyer
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
FOR RENT—One-half nice double room. New desk. 317 Chauncey. Phone 4311.
Lost: Brown leather fur trimmed jacket in Chemistry Building. Call 7320 and ask for Wright. Reward.
Notices No Notice* Aeceptad After t i
Have a Real Sunday Dinner at the NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia Street AMERICAN MENU SERVED FROM 11:00 A. M. TO 8:30 P. M. Cream Chicken Soup or Tomato Juice CHOICE OP Special T-Bone Steak $1.00 Grilled Rib Steak JSc Beef Tenderloin, Mushroom Sauce 75c Fried Lake Trout, Lemon, Butter 55c Fried Halibut Steak, Lemon 55c Fried Deep Sea Scallop, Tartar Sauce 55c Fried N. Y. Count, Oysters 60c Grilled Veal Steak 55c Breaded Calf, Sweet Bread, Mushrooms 55c Fried Calf Liver and Bacon 60c Breaded Pork Tenderloin, Tomato Sauce 55c Grilled Pork Chops, Jelly 55c Fried Ham Steak 55c Vz Pried Chicken, Unjointed 75c Roast Turkey, Cranberries 65c Roast Chicken, Dressing 60c Grilled Lamb Chops, Bacon 75c FRENCH PRIED POTATOES CAULIFLOWER ROLLS AND BUTTER ICE CREAM, SHERBET, OR HOME MADE PIE COFFEE, TEA, OR MILK CHINESE MENU SERVED FROM 11:00 A. M. TO 8:30 P. M. Cream Chicken Soup or Tomato Juice CHOICE OP Plain Chop Suey 55c Chop Suey Chow Mein 55c Plain Chow Mein 65c Veal Chop Suey ,65c Fresh Shrimp Oiow Mein 75c Beef Chop Suey with Mushrooms 75c Chicken Chop Suey with Almond 85c Chicken Chow Mein g5c RICE, EGG POO YOUNG ROLLS AND BUTTER ICE cream, sherbet, or ALMOND COOKIES TEA, COFFEE, OR MILK
Motorcycle Riders: Sign your name before November 8 on the paper at the main Union desk for the purpose of getting official recognition of the Purdue Cycle Club. TVkTXT VTXJA^XN XI .
Conditional Students: Examinations for the removal of conditions in ME 31 and ME 61 will be given December 4 at 1 p.m. in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Any student wishing to take this test must see me before November 27. —MESSERSMITH.
Freshmen Basketball Squad: The following men report for freshman basketball Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, 8 p. m. to 6 p. m. All other candidates will report for trial Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. Bausman, Bosse, Brough, Brinkerhoff, Chamberlain, Cramer, Coplen, Gilliam,
THE PERFECT FOOD
More food value Ideal for energy Liked by young and old Known for purity
SUNSHINE FARMS 4th and UNION Sts. PHONE5015
* Purdue Exponent Service Directory
— Bookstores —
— Florist —
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue . Studenti) “DEAC” Everything for a College Education" H. G. REISNER
(Rjoih JIoAi&jt Inc. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955—8050
— Furniture —
Student Equipment
PROFESSIONAL
J'JUJmiiwui Qa. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. BISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
— Beauty Studio —
• EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE J • Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
7— Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
Locksmith
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock service our specialty* L. C* N. Door Closer Distributors 209-211 N. 5th St, Phone 2828
,
^4
KT
'♦U