itsss:
w w /+W. A^a tttisu, ‘*Jfi
Purdue
V Z-186
Volume 52< No. 12
[Purdue University] Purdue Exponent
Exponent
Sunday. Sefrtember 22. 1940
Exponent Conducts Poll On Presidential Election
Boilermaker Pulse Taken In Straw Ballot Once in every four years, this country experiences a political upheaval early in November. Just now it’s about due again and people want to know what is going to happen. Some are just curious; others want to make sure that they don't wind up pushing peanuts with their proboscises. Since 7,000 Boilermakers represent a fairly good cross-section of what college voters and almostvoters are thinking, the Exponent is conducting a poll to help sample collegian opinion. On the ballot’to the right are various pertinent political questions. Place a check before the statement in each group that indicates your choice. Make only one choice in each group. After marking the ballot, clip it out and put it in the bajllot box located at the west desk in the Union. The result of this poll will he published at a later date in the Exponent. Junior Crops Meeting Shows Boys Latest Farm Advancements Fifteen hundred farm boys from over the state spent an extra day in school yesterday when they gathered on south campus for the second annual University Junior Swine and Crops Day meeting. School, however, took a different form, as the boys studying agriculture in state grade and high schools learned their lessons not from books but rather directly from feed lots and test plots connected with the University Agricultural Experiment Station. The latest results from experiments carried on during the past year on feeding hogs, crop rotations, com varieties, soybeans and sorghums were reported to the visiting farm youths by the University specialists in charge of the investigations. Boys enrolled in 4-H clubs, Putuie Farmers of America, vocational agriculture high school classes and other similar organizations were present for the inspection tours and general session.
Ballot
At the presenttlmM faVor for President: \ Q Franklin D. Roosevek, Democrat. □ Wendell L. Willkie, Republican. []] Norman Thomas, Socialist I consider myself a: □ Democrat. □ Republican. □ Socialist. My parents are: Q Democrat. □ Republican. Q Socialist. Check the reason that best illustrates your viewpoint. Q 1. Willkie is a business man and will do a better job than an impractical idealist. Q 2. Anybody but Roosevelt. □ 3. No third term for any man. Q 4, Roosevelt has more experience in foreign affairs, and will not appease the dictators. Q 6. Approve of the New Deal and do not want to see it compromised. *
Second Union tea dance of the school year will be held Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the north ballroom of the Union.
Schmadel, Smith Will Present First All-Student Program Alberta Schmadel, HE ’41, and Marvin Smith, Sc ’41, will present the first all-student Music Room program this afternoon from 4 to 5 o’clock in the Union Music Room. In previous years, the musicians were brought from off the campus. This year, however, the Union plans to use outstanding student musicians at least once a month. Miss Schmadel will sing the following selections: A selection from “Carmen.” “Come Love With Me” “Song of Songs” “My Laddie” Smith will sing: “Morning” “Homing” “Ava Maria” “For A Dream’s Sake” “I Love Life” The two singers will sing one duet, “Will You Remember?” from “Maytime.’'
Are You Hunting An Ideal Gal? Follow This Fellow's Example
By Aesop Fablb Poems are being written, men are djring, sighs are being breathed— for what? Why, the most “desirable” woman, of course! And yet, is it possible that all lovers know exactly what they want, what they consider their ideal? Well, everyone may not know, but here’s a young Englishman who knew just exactly what he wanted, and advertised for her in a London newspaper. To wit: Matrimony WANTED, by a young gentleman just beginning Housekeeping, a Lady, between eighteen and twen-ty-five years of age, with a good education, and a Fortune not less than 5000 lb, sound Wind and Limb, Five Feet Pour Inches with her shoes; not fpt, nor yet too lean; a clear skin, sweet breath, with a good Set of Teeth; no Pride, or Affectation; not very talkative; yet one that is deemed no Scold; but of a Spirit to resent an Affront; of a charitable Disposition; not over
fond of Dress, though always decent and clean; that will entertain her Husband’s Friends with Affability and Cheerfulness, and prefer his Company to public Diversions and gadding about; one who can keep his Secrets, that he may \open his Heart to her without reserve on all Occasions; that can extend domestic Expenses with Economy, as. Prosperity advances without Ostentation; and retrench them with Cheerfulness, if Occasion should require. Any Lady, disposed to Matrimony, answering this Description, is desired to direct for Y. Z. at the Baptist’s Head Coffee-House, Aldermanbury. N. B. None but Principals will be treated with, nor need any apply that aro deficient m any one Particular; the Gentleman can make adequate Return, and is, in every respect, deserving a I^ady vdl^h the Above Qualifications. Wowl
'The Dean/ Coulter Biography, Shown At Alumni Meeting Winterrowd Presides; Elliott, Ross, Arm Talk By Ed Kieper “The Dean,” the life of Stanley Coulter, dean emeritus of the School of Science, former dean of men, and for a short time acting president of the University, made its initial appearance on campus at yesterday’s board meeting of the University Alumni Association in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. John Coulter, near relative of Dean Coulter, is the ar^thor. William H. Winterrowd, president of the association, presided over the meeting, which was addressed by the following University officers and faculty members: Dr. E. C. Elliott, president of the University; David E. Ross, president of the Board of Trustees; Prof. Prank S. Hockema, assistant to the president; Prof. D. L. Arm, acting director of personnel; R. B. Stewart, controller; Dr. G. Stanley Heikle, director of research relations with industry, and T. R. Johnson, publicity director. Others that attended the meeting were: Burr S. Swezey, ’13, immediate past president; W. Henry Roberts, ’12, Indianapolis, vice president; H. J. Reed, ’ll, dean and director of the School of Agriculture, treasurer; John R. Jamison, '29, recording secretary; LeRoy E. Hoffman, ’18, agriculture alumni director; Frederic A. Schiff, ’07, New York, Atlantic regional )director; Ernest L. Simpson, ’99, Fort Wayne, central regional director; Volney D. Lay, ’06, LaPorte, Chicago regional director; Stanly S. Green, '18, Lafayette regional director; Omar H. Day, ’09, Kansas City, Pacific regional director, and E. B. Baugh, executive secretary. Almost biographical in detail, “The Dean” gives the intimate life of one of the University’s best known men. Instead of just giving the bare facts of Dean Coulter’s life, much of the book goes into interesting details. Also written are his philosophy of life and education. Showing true Boilermaker spirit, the board members adjourned the meeting early to attend the fresh-man-varsity football game yesterday afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium.
Varsity Defeats Frosh Gridders^ 35 - 0; Veterans Scoreless In First Quarter
Late News
British Bomb Effectively LONDON, Sept. 21 — German planes continued daylight raids on the city today, as well as on southeastern England, Last night the British bombed French channel ports held by Gherman troops in what is believed to be their greatest attack of the war. Results of this raid are said to be fire in German-held ports on the French side of the channel, as well as destruction of German ’“invasion fleets” of ships and barges, floating fifty strong in the French harbor of Dunkerque. Will Meet Demand HILLSBOROUGH, Cal., Sept. 21 ■—Parents of 3-year-old Mac de Tristan, jr., today expressed anxious desire to meet the $100,000 demand of the abductor who kidnapped thp child yesterday while he was in the custody of his nutse. Dr. Earl ButzWill Speak To Christian Foundation Freshman Association, a portion of the Christian Foundation, will meet tomorrow afternoon^in the Ujnion at 4:16 o’clock in room 304. Dr. Earl Butz,, of the'Tarm management department, will speak on “The Christian and the College Campus.”
Passports Ready For Distribution Tomorrow--Doan Freshmen passports will be available for distribution after 9 o’clock tomorrow morning at the ticket office in the Fieldho^se, C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales, said last night. Sophomore, junior and senior passports are “on the way” and the time of their distribution will be released and announced in the Exponent at a near-future date, according to Doan and Exponent editors. Doan further stated that all students must have their schedule cards vnth them if they wish to get their passports. “The line forms on the right.” No Reserve Tickets For Saturday's Game With the announcement of freshman passport distribution last night, came the report that there will be no reserved seats for this Saturday’s football game with Butler, but that students will be allowed to sit anywhere in the Stadium with the exception of seats reserved for University faculty and staff. For admission students will be required to show their passports. Following this Saturday’s game, the system of seating at games will go back to the old schedule, seniors being given preferred seatings, juniors next and sophomores and freshmen last, the report from the ticket office stated. Freshman Wins First With Circus Stamps At Philatelic Exhibit “See the great Miss Marvello dive from a 100-foot tower into a threefoot tank of water” was the circus theme Bob Sherman, E ’44, used to win a blue ribbon at the Lafayette Philatelic Society’s stamp exhibit, closing tonight in the Reception Room of the Union. Using stamps from his collection that portray characters and events under the “Big Top,” this engineering freshman was judged to have the most original display. The exhibition is featuring many rarities, among th^ the signature of King Carol, former monarch of Roumania, which is displayed in an original collection of autographed covers. The complete collection of Confederate States’ stamps is currently valued at $500. The Postoffice department has sent a display of all U. S. postage stamps, featuring prominently the five dollar Columbus commemorative, valued on the current market at $66. Great Britain’s famous “poached egg” stamp which was to portray the Duke of Windsor, received visitors’ attention. Since this is the centennial year of the first postage stamp, C. Benton, chairman of the exhibit, proudly showed this important stamp. United States’ first is also there. “We expect over a thousand visitors, mobtly students,” said Jesse Stockton, president of the society. “The program today includes a banquet and a written bid auction, featuring such countries as Tqnna Touva (in Asia). Several visitors have welcomed the bourse, a place where the stamp dealer may show his wares to the public.” Members of the Universil^ staff, Lt. Col. W. A. Ray, W. A. ISjuapp, and J. L^Stout, were judges. These men are non-philateUsts.
Jim Rush Pulls Great Blocking And Thinking Play; Carter Scores
By JOE DOLAN
(Ebcponent Sports Editor)
Any superlatives heaped upon the group of football players representing the class of '44 yesterday in Ross-Ade stadium wouldn’t be too excessive, because those Mds kept right up with the cadence set by their big, upperclass brothers, the varsity, for two and a half quarters before succumbing to the “CJharge of Purdue’s Light Brigade” by a 36-0 count. - The varsity backfield riding on a
nucleus of Red Carter, Mike Byelene, John Galvin, Hal Schumacher, Lindsay, and Bob Kersey took turns at puncturing the Rhinie line, and after a quarter and a little of another managed to dent it for the initial six points, as hard a six digits as a football team has ever earned against a freshman team. The play of the varsity line wasn’t what you would title scintillating, as the big fellows just couldn’t do a thing with a stubborn frosh line that wasn’t in any mood to allow faulty varsity timing to dislodge them
from defense positions.
Varsity Without Captain The varsity linemen played Purdue’s usually sturdy non-yielding defense game, but just couldn’t open up holes through the middle, consequently the “pony-boy” backs had to carry the mail around the ends and tlmough the ether. Dave Rankin wasn’t presented to the frosh, mainly because it is known by the coaching staff that Davy doesn’t need seasoning, and the other ends needed all of the time they could get in such a battle.
Meakim Stops ’Em
The freshman line-up' presented a colorful panorama on the Riveter football horizon due to the magnificent performance of baCkfield mmi Meakim, Smock, Bachman, Hajzyk, and Fields. The defense play of Meakim and Bachman played havoc with varsity hacks who Md slipped through the green line. Twice Meakim, of Chicago, stopped big John Petty steaming along at full speed toward pay dirt. The last time Meakim applied the breaks to the piledriving Pennsylvania fullback, the referee spent a minute or so ^giving the nervy Chicago kid a few
wiffs of smelling salts. Fields Air Assault
Smock’s great pimt in the fijrst quarter of 72 yards drove the varsity back to its own 2 yard line. BiR Fields tossed five beautiful 40 yard passes in the waning minutes of the game. Two were completed, but one was called back. Of his other three heaves, one was grounded, one* dropped after spinning just out of reach of varsity defenders and into end Britt’s hands, and the otiier was caught about a foot out of
bounds.
In the freshman Rne, the play of Johnson, center, NeweR, a lot more guard than his 160 pounds indicate, and Thomas, end, stood out. The varsity play was one of coaches headaches, due to the assignments that were missed until the freshmen had been outmaUned. Marion Carter’s great six point catch of Byelene’s 30 yard pass in the second quarter preceded by hm three yard scamper around right end by the initial score of the battle, topped the upper classmen’s scoring efforts. However a great play by reserve end, Jim Ru^, stole the entire afternoon’s scoring ^ow. ■ After Hal Schumachw had poimaed the day-lights out of the frosh fo^ a six yard touchdown and Sprowl had captured a beautifol Galvin pass of ^ yards for another, Jim Rush, halfback Lindsay, and Frank Fijsda prdled a real razsledazzle so seldom employed by Pux^
due.
Here’s the scene: With the baR (Continued on page 3)
Committee Names Schedules, Rules For Trade Dinners During the past few years' the system of weekly trade dinners has caused some confusfon on the campus. There has been must lost study time due to enforced attendance, and several organizations have complained of not being able to schedule a sufficient number of trade dinners. As a remedy for this situation, a committee composed of executives of the organizations concerned have drawn up a schedule listing dates on which various units will be permitted to schedule trade
dinners.
The major rules governing the schedule are as follows. 1. Prior to November 16, no men’s unit shall schedule or attempt to schedule more than two trade dinners for the entire year. After this date, scheduling is unrestricted as
to number.
2. On nights when Cary ClubWRH is scheduled, fraternities will be permitted to hold guest nights at whicl^ women will be permitted in the houses until 8:30 p. m. Invitations will be extended individually by fraternity members. Chfperones will be provided on these nigkts by the fraternities. 3. Cooperative houses will follow their own trade dinner program, but will follow these rules if they make dates with the sororities or WRH
units.
The schedule for this semester’s exchange dinners is as follows: October 23. Fraternities, sororities, Cary Club, cooperative houses. October 30. Faculty Night. Exchange or free at WRH as desired.
Pledges remain at WRH.
November 6. Fraternities, sororities, Cary Club, cooperative houses. November 13. Cary Club-WRH. Pledges remain at WRH. Individual guests at fraternities and sororities. November 20. Fraternities, sororities, Cary Club, cooperative houses. December 4. Fraternities, sororities, Cary Club, cooperative houses. December 11. Cary Club-WRH. Pledges remain at WRH. Individual guests at fraternities und sororities. December 18. Fraternities, sororities, Cary Club, cooperative houses. There will he no trade diimers after Christmas vacation until the second Semester has started. Faculty night means that fraternities, sororities and Cary Club may have faculty guests if desired. WRH may schedule exchange dinners if de-
sired. '
The committee in charge of these arrangements includes Don L. Douglass, chairman, Elbert Bohlin, Arnold Luers, Kathryn Lang, and Florence CroR. This group wiR function throughout the year to settle any disputes or to make necessary revisions.
TO MEMBERS OP FACULTY The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty wRl be held at 4 p. «b. Monday, September 23, in Fowler HalL EDWARD <5. BLUQTT,
Frotident
The Weaiher Ftffflcast for Lnfiyotto and imnmdiate viRnity Mr todacr» ^ fw oebpomo nortiiera IncRiiia, onojlLPURD0E EXPONENT
Simdciy. Seiltdmbef 2^, 1940 0
'ICS 'Mi jll.
Oolimiii
People are beginning to take this fifth column stuff seriously. Ever since someone sold France out to Adolph, everyone is suspecting everyone of salesmanship. You know, the Indians sold New York once before. Maybe we should watch the Indians. * * * G-men are getting trickier and trickier. Now they’ve signed up all the plumbers. Pretty subtle, Hugh? Only yesterday, two little men in powder blue cover-alls waltzed into the ofiice with badges inconspicuously displayed on their hatbands. “We’re plumbers—you got any?” They planted a dictaphone in the filing cabinet. ) * ii< * Hitler’s boy scouts have developed a new method for making the Britishers waste ammunition. It seem6 that they practice invasion every day and send barges two miles out into the chanel and let the Tommies sink them. And they really go to great ends to make the illusion realistic. Each barge has a thousand men on it. * <•> * The Englishmen pull a cagey trick every so often themselves. Their newspapers publish the locations of supposed delayed action bombs and the safety commission puts little red fences around them so that the people can watch from a safe distance. After 10 hours at a shilling a head, (the retired Chamberlain has the concession) curio collectors have the privilege of taking them home for centerpieces.
The Purdue Exponent
Batered u Meond n«tt«r at tb* port offieo ia iLafayette, Indiana, under the act of Conaree* of Maxeh t, 1879, and at the epecial rate of poatage provided ibt hi aeetion 1108, art of October 8,1917, anthoriaed Jaunary SO, 1922. PoUished daily except Monday during the f^inlar academio year and weekly during the Summer SeMfcm. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail anbscription $8.60. . Bditor-fai-ChUIL.. B. W. Donahiha BrndneM Manager „ Merle Hagemeyar Publication Staff News Bditor. .jr. H. McKeC Managing Editor.-.. D. E. Helple Associate Editors: W. B!. Heaton, M. A. Ochiltree, JT, A. Ptercell, L. W. Bufbier, B. M. Skallerup, J. JU Traugott Business Staff Local Advertising Managers; D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. DaUgelmaier; Accounts Manager, B. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, B. M. Bectonwald. Co-ed Staff Editor — —.Beth Simpson Associate Elditocs: Mary Kay Miller, Kuth Rose, Donna SiesB. Sports Staff Editor — , ——J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamspn, P. C. Johnson, B. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 279Z Bepreeented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., Crtlege PubUshers Representatives, 420 Madiscm Ave., New York, N. Y. Night Editor, Purcell . Day Editor, Miller Night Sports Editor, Swaim Sunday, September 22, 1940.
Collectors are eating alone these days. * * a But remember, eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow the conscript may get you.—^rms
Industrial Education Group Plans Meeting Executive committee of the Indiana Industrial Education Association met yesterday m room 212 of the Union to plan their annual convention to be held March 28 and 29. The University and the West Lafayette public school system will act as hosts to the convention. Committee discussed and approved the State Teachers’ Association convention at Technical High School of Indianapolis on October 23 and 24. Prof. H. G. McComb of the education and applied psychology department is permanent secretary and treasurer of the organization. Marvel Moore, president of the association, also appointed two committees, one to develop a balanced high school vocational curriculum, and another to interest local districts in sponsoring commercial exhibits at the spring meeting.
Notices No aotlcM TCCcivsd uftsr • ». m. W. A. A.: Cahin Leaders’ CJonrse is to be idven Septmnber 28 through 26 at the Women’s gym each night at 7 :S0 p. m. tader the direction of Miss Fraser. All giyls are urged to come out. 'This coarse is hrtnblned with &e camp craft course that was given last year. SQIlel Foundation: AJI Jewish students are invited to a picnic at Murdock park, Sunday, September 22, at 4:15. There will be aamall cl^irge of 20 cents per person to defray costs. —GLUCKS. Undergraduate Dames: First meeting Tuesday, September 24, at 7:80 p. m. in room 808 of the Union. —GERSTUNG. Exponent Co-ed Bophomoies: Work schedule is posted in office. Please report on days assigned. —SIMFSOJi., Ftsfetnity FreshsMii: All fxateenljy freshmen wanting to tryout for Intramuiv al Manager please report to the Intramural office in the Ffeldbonse. —CLEVBTT. PIA Members: Any junior or senior independent student intm’ested in the positkm of men’s activities chairman on the PIA boud must turn in bis petition to the PIA office by 4 p. m., Monday. tember 28. A sincere interest with ideas is more important than experience. _ —MUSSER.
Purdue Riding Club Hears W.L Schulze Nearly 40 old and 15 new members attended the second meeting of the Pnrdue Biding Club, Thursday at 7:30 p. m. Mr. W. E. Schulze, owner of the Schulze Biding Stables, gave a talk for the beginners on the importance of the various parts of the saddle and bridle. President T. E. Graham selected riders to enter in the horse shows to be held today and next Sunday. It was announced that tickets for the Lafayette Horse Show, Tuesday, October 1, could be bought through the dub. Dr. 0. Caldwell ... EE ’08, editor of Radio Today, recently described experimental work being done in the department of horticulture of the University in a nation-wide broadcast. Caldwell was formerly a federal radio commissioner and has long Been a recognized leader in the field of scientific electrical development.
Reamers: ]aegular meeting Monday, September 23, at 8 p. m. in room 308 of the Unwn. —BOHLm. Jr. Cadet Officers: Code classes will start Monday, September 23, at 4 p m in room B2 of the Armory. —BURKHART
250 Couples Dance To Hdmes' Band Two hundred and fifty couples danced to music “served southern style” last night from 9 ’til 12 in the Union ballrooms when Herbie Holmes and his band^played for the regular Union mixer and the second “name-band” dance of the weekend. George Olsen and his “Princes of Swing” played for a mixer in the ballrooms Friday night. Featured vocalists at the dailce last night were Nancy Hutson, the Cromwell sisters and Gene Babbitt.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE Typewriters and addiiig maetdncs, new a^d lucd, for sale, rent and rcpairteL All miduB of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $89.60. Office^ supplies. Mimeograph aad mnltigrapb work. C. F. Ebemhoff, 806 Main St. Phone 2779. —da
For Sale: ’88 Chevrolet Deluxe Coupe, $160. Good Condition. — 220 So. Stre^ West Lafayette, Apt 4.
Rnss-Rent-A-Car Service. Cara for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night Phone, 2407.
For Rent: Two-car Garage. Reasonable. 226 S. Grant Street Phone 2847.
Lost: Brown Parker Fountain Fen by the Armory. Reward, 76911. Robert Nelson.
All Men Students: All men interested in refereeing intramural toucbball report to room 104 of the Fieldhouse at 4 p. m., Monday, September 28 —GETGER.
Lost: Pair of glasses, rimless in black ease near Chemistry building. Reward. 824 Cary Hall, W. Brent Finch.
Sophomore co-eda: Meeting Wednesday, September 25, at 4 o’clock in WSGA office for all sophomores interested in working for WSGA. —STIBRS Freshman Association: Meet Monday, September 23, at 4:16 p. m. in room 804 of the Union. Special Speaker. —REYNOLDS Eta Kappa Nn: Important meeting Tuesday, Septdnber 24, at 7:80 p. m. in room 134 of the EE building. —HOLCOMB. M. T. Ball Committee: Meeting Tuesday, September 24, at 4 p. m. in room 206 of the Armory. —AULL
Wanted: Student to fire furnace in exchange for room Miller, 140 So. Salisbury.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, September 22, at 7:80 p. m. in room 303 of the Union Bring manuscripts. —RIEGLE.
An Students: First meeting of the Furdw Outing Club will be held in room 828 of the Union Monday, September 28, at 7 p. m. AU students welcome. —BLAGRAVE.
Purdue Wheelmen: First ride of the season Sunday, September 22, at 8 p. m. Meet in front of the Administration building. ' Bring 86 cents for picnic ionch. AU bieycUsts are welcome. -VANDERBILT.
AU Sophomores: Interested in working on the Purdue Travel Bureau call Humphrey «fc 2678, —HUMPHREY.
plA Members: All freshmen and sophomore independent students who are interested in woiking for the Purdue Independent Artu. report to the PIA office at 4.00 p m , Monday, Sept- 28. A wide variety of opportunities are available. —^MUSSER Ward Managers: Meeting Monday, September 28, at 4 p. H>. in room 104 of the Fiddhouse. —GEIGER.
nieeting Tuesday, m —TBR8TEGGE.
Mortar Board: First September 24, at 6:80 p
WSGA Counselprs: Important meeting Monday, September 24, in rporo 868 of the iSnlon at 4 o’do^ —BLACK. 2nd Brigade Senior M T Students: Short sobw practice Monday, September 28, at 4:00 p. m, AU concerned requested to attend. Bring your sabers —AULL.
— TODAY - MONDAY — bhvt bennetv The lioUSB ACROSS the BAY witb LLOYD NOLAN eCLADYS GEORGS and WALTER P1D6E0N ^ Oiiected by Archie Mayo Released thru United A^st
POPEYE CARTOON
Kent's Lifhograplis OnExhibitOdpberlS In coni^^ci;ion with (ihe lecture “Art for Everyone” to be given by Rockford Kent on October 16, the first of this year’s University convocatipns, there yiijl be an exhi|jition of 40 of Kent’s lithographs, drawings and wood engravings jp tibe Music room of the Uniop from October 4 through October 24. The P'ohn Herpon Art Institute at Indianapolis will include a display in the exhibition of one of Kent’s woodblocks, a lithograph stone and the various tools used in doing his work. There will also be a small booklet on sale entitled ‘How I Make a Wood-Cut,” by Kent. Resner Announces Horf Show Program H. R. Resner, Ag ’41, announced yesterday the program of the twen-ty-fifth anniversary horticultural show. It will be presented in the Horticultural Hall November 8, 9 and 10. The exhibits will be divided into four departments, namely apples, vegetables, flowers and nuts. Each department will be subdivided further ipto commercial growers, University students and 4-H Clubs. High school winners will receive medals. Commercial and student awards have been donated by interested merchants. Students have a chance to win alarm clocks, nursery stock, seed orders and mechanical equipment. Virginia Baxter Will Tutor Co-eds In Tennis Miss Virginia Baxter, seven times winner of the Lafayette tennis title, runner up in the Indiana State tournament, sixth in the midwestem states and in twenty-sixth position in the United States, is now coaching any girl interested in tennis on Tuesday and Thursday afternoons at 4 o’clock on the girls’ tennis courts north of the Armory. This activity will be credited in WAA points, Memorial Service . . . for June Quinn, who died August 25 of infantile paralysis at Valparaiso, will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Lafayette Christian Church at the comer of 6th and North streets.
LUMA - TODAY - MONDAY -
2 SWELL HITS —
with EVaVK KEYES BRUCE BENNETT — PLUS
The Most Electrifying Drama of the Year
MARGARE^ SULLAVAN lAMES STEWART YOUNG • MORGAN
GRIN AND bear it
By Lichly
“Don’t go yet, folks—the life of the party’ll pass out soon, and , then we can have fun!”
Purdue Players Announce Two Social Engagements Purdpe Plpyers havp announced two social engagements. Next Wednesday afternoon a picnic will be held at Hal Morton’s cottage on Freeman Lake and when the “Skylark,” with Gertmde Lawrence in the leading role, comes to Indianapolis, the players have planned a theater party.
Dance Group Will Meet Wednesday To Organize Modern Dance Club will hold its organization meeting Wednesday, September 26, at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gym. All old members, an^’new girls wl^o are interested in Modem Dance are asked to attend whether they have had experience or not.
LAUGHS AND THRILLS!
Th* inutl spsctoeulor piMoptni»an<e siiic»"Nerlhw«sl Rotsofls" brings you Iho lovs-taughs of "Min und Bill" os Boory woos ^ a Indy blacksmith nowl
umnKTU STARTS TODAY
STARTS TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE
•1 ^ "W •* A 'TRiyCV
HEBLY
PLUS
Philo's GoT ^ Gun—Gracie's Gof a Gag-’-and Nobodys Got* a Cluo!
GRACIE ALLEN MURDER CASE GRACIE ALLEN-WARREN WILLIAM !3s Kliils Vaiicc) ’ ELLEN DREW i - KENT TAYLOR - JUDITH BARRETT - DONALD MacBRIDE ®
P\f -» i-i- ^ ■' ^ ^ \ f . ■"-- t ■* •^’’ >
7
^il^uiUiyt SdjptdiulBer 22, 194d
PQBDO^ EXPONENT
Mikelltt(M,BRtllKrOIMsllMalW,
By TED CLAR]iS:
As the curtain descended on another frosh-varsity football 0an^e late yest^r<iay afternoon, we dashed on the field, icollared a handsome fellow garbed as a referpe, and asjfeci ]|iim if he weren't Mike Layden. He was. Mike is a brother to. the Notre Dame head coach, Elmer Layden, who played under the im-
mortal Knute Rockne. >
Mike, himself, was a stellar half- ^ '
back on the Irish squads for three years and was graduated in 1936. At present, the younger of the Layfien clan is an employ of a telephone company in Indianapolis; however, he frequently travels about the midwest and to other environs in the capacity of official at football
games.
Experienced Official This is his third year of officiating in Boilermaker intra - squa^, games, while l^st season marked his debut as an official in intercollegiate circles. Layden secured val-
lllisioiH
SCOBEE'S FILM SERVICE All Kinds ol Photographic Supplies Cameras — Picture Frames PHONE 2343 105 Northwestern Are.
NOTIMAGINARY GENII. BUT actual SECRETINGREOIENTS comeoutofthe bottle and INTO YOUR PEN 1 - WHEN you FILL IT WITH PARKER Quink
♦Reg U 8 At. Off: AGPNCfNot
“iPRyftiimfcai^QOICKER (WWERBTSTEPPEP-UP ' PENETRATTON-ZVOT-BV / ’ EVAPORATION"
Ai/sry 'IRETARP EVAPORAnON— THUS KEEP Qoin/c FROM DRYING IN VOUR PEN."
,A6eNrNS4
rLOATYl
'iFLqAtpEpqsrrsAWw-/ AASny
MAKEQnfiifcCLEAHSE VOUR PEN A3 IT WRITES IWoCONTROLTHEFlOW
VOUCHES PAPER"
4 ^
This REVOLUTIONARY PEN-CLEANING INK CREATED BY THE PARKER PEN COMPANY TO GUARD THE FAMOUS PARKER PENS FROM PEN CLOGGING INKS QErQufrtkATANY STORE SELLING INK AND T^Y IT-ONLV15^ ITMAKES ANY PEN WORK LIKE A CHARMA PARKER OR ANY OTHER PEN. JBelieve/t ot/M^ S^obert is PLEASE WRITE HHINCflRE Of PARKER PEN AT JANESWLE, WH ANPTEaMEOFYOUR EXPERIENCE WIIH QO/llfC.^
_‘Baier_ Qui^A
The pen-cleaning ink — Quick-sfarfing — Quick-drying
TWO KINDS; PEflm
uabie experience along these lines in Indiana high school games following his graduation. During 1939 he was mediator in such games as lujdiana-Fordham, Wisconsin-Minn-esotn, Iowa - Michigan, and the homecoming game in which the Eiveters defeated Michigan State, 20
to 7.
Gridiron enthusiasts will recall a story about Mike that reverts bpick to his playing days with the Eamblers. Mike was a really clever liack and he loved, like nothing else, to play football. But since he was a brother of the Irish coach, he. was not summoned into action unless the team was in dire need of his ser-
vices.
Southern Cal Game In December of 1936 the two Laydens ?ind the l^iBh squad journeyed to the West Coast to renew their bitter rivalry with Southern California. The forces of cagey Howard Jones had power to spare that year and the last quarter of the game found the Trojans 13 points in the lead. Finally, when the shadows were lengthening over the Los Angeles Colieeum, Mike asked if he might go into the fray—^he could np longer tolerate the team's getting beaten while he sat idly by. Mike Sparks The concluding minutes of the game saw Mike throw one touchdown pass and catch another. Both conversions were successful, put-
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
While attending the afternoon routine football session 'other day on Eoss-Ade recreation field, we happened on a bit of conversation with Nate Poulos, a former Boilermaker letterman in baseball and football. Nate is the Purdue campus representative for the Lafayette Life Insurance Company. Nate as a student here was one of the most diligent men on boilermaker athletic squads of his undergrad seasons. He practiced as if his life depended upon it, and so he's carried his competition lessons intp business with him. If interests and personality are the keynotes of success in the insurance game, Nate will have you all, "sav'n a date for Nate.” —I-I— Are the New York Yankees finally stopped? It appears that way, but the former champs reaUy scared the rab^ts aqd rodents jfrom the Cleveland and Detroit stadiums during the past twenty days. Do you remeipber a certain Jfew York sports waiter writing about Lou Gehrig's disease as being contag-
ting the Irish ahead. That game wrote |inis to what might have hpen an illustrious career, had it not been for the strange coincidence of having a brother for coach.
—STOLEN— BLACK 5x7 PRESS GRAFLEX CAMERA with Rausch and Lamb f4.5 Tessar l«ens also Binocular Glasses in Brown Case FRIDAY MORNING from Auto Parked on MarsteUar Street Near Main Campus Entrance REWARD FOR INFORMATION Leading to Return of This Equipment Complete J. C. ALLEN PHONES 5877 or 2557
rr SEEMS tklKE
We perform miracleB every day with your clothes. We clean them^ thoroughly by time tried method. Phone us today iot our pickwas. up service.
^ Phone 4081 Northwestena at Vine
FroshCd^ch Bulldogs Invade Stadium Saturday; Renew Rivalry
Elmer Burnham, whose squqd was optclassed, 35 to 0, by Mai Elward’s varsity Boilermakers. Burnham has been at the helm of the freshman squad for five years.
ious and the '40 Yankee slump a counter-action of Gehrig's disease? —I-I— Such an article, appearing in a^i large New York newspaper as it did, almost spelled ruin and disgrace for Lou Gehrig and his wife. It is known that many persons left the tljeaters and ball games rather than sit near the once iron horse. —I-I— Some sport writers cap use their ability to make or break athletes, and the very “considerable” fellow who so thoroughly contributed defamation of Lou Gehrig's character certainly forgot all ethics of journalism, or maybe we college scribblers believe too much in theory. -I-I— We'll take theory. Lou has sued for a huge amount—and will probably get about half of it. There's one nice thing about being a college sports writer, if the fellow don't like the system of your adjectives, the writer gets tossed over the practice fence . .. cinders on de other side. Varsity Defeats' (Continued from page 1)
resting on the green 38 lime-line, Fijala, soph halfback, pegged a backstop's throw to Jim Eush for twenty yards. It was caUed back, because the varsity line was naughty. The play was called again; and again Eush caught the ball, this time he went into a St. Louis Shakedown and escaped from three tacklers only to be met by three more big freshmen near the side lines, and here Eush pulled the best play of the game. Lindsay Takes Off Bob Lindsay was following Eush's flight, but the junior end had different ideas. Just as the thred frosh defenders terminated Mr. Eush's
When the Butler Bulldogs romp into Ross-Ade stadium Saturday afternoon, the oldest rivalry in Boilermaker gridiron history will be resumed. The season-opener for the Elward squad will pit them against a more-than-ordinary Bulldog eleven, which ran away from the field in the Indiana Conference race last fall. All Indiana colleges except Notre Dame, Indiana, and Purdue are members of this conference.
■ ■ They're Good The Bulldogrs, undefeated last season, have a record incomparable to that of any other Hoosier college or university for the past six years. Each of those last half dozen seasons has finished with the
Bulldogs on top.
Losing only eight games in last six caippaigns, two of which were administered by the Boilermakers, Butler has tasted victory 35 times, scoring 1,001 points while her opponents have counted hut 267 points. That figures out to be a .814 winning percentage, which should cause nq little amount of worry for opponent coaches.
Hard Practice
After the 36 to 0 victory over the frosh yesterday afternoon, the ]8oilermakera wiU settle down to a study of their mist^es as their coaching st^ saw them in the first battle test for the Big Ten “dark
horses.”
Fumbles and the usual mistakes for the beginning of the season greatly marred the Boilermaker attack, hut the watchful eyes of fhP coaching staff recorded most of '^e blunders, and fhe squad wiU be given an opportunity to smooth over the rough edges before the Butler
invasion.
Berto Hurt Another injury turned up at the Boilermaker grid camp Friday aftemdon when Tony Berto, sophomore halfback, painfully bruised his right side in Scrimmage. Berto has been well up the list in the battlja for the reserve spot behind Mike Byelene at the right halfback posi-
tion.
Herg Duggins, New Grid Aide, Played On Riveter Teams Latest of .the changes in personnel of the Boilermaker football coaching staff is the addition of “Herg” Duggins to the brain trust. With the contracting of Duggin's services, the varsity coaching staff, with the exception of Mai Elward, is completely dominated by former
Eiveter football greats.
Graduating in 1936, Duggins had held a firm grip on his end position for three years, playing on the opposite flank from Paul Moss, one of Kizer's two All-Americans on the 1932 team; Emmett Lowery, erstwhile basketball and tennis star, and Dick Bateman, another one of the bevy of Eiveter ace flankmen.
Plays Pro
The fall following his last Gpld and Black campaign, Herg sigjjied a contract with the Chicago Cardinals professional football club. Dis;playing the same spark that won him over to Boilermaker fans, he became one of the Cardinals' most
indispensable perfqrmers.
When a contract with Louisiana Tech imiversity was set before Dug, he accepted a position of assistant football coach, and head basketball and track mentor. The football teams developed at Louisiana Tech have been consistently feared throughout the South in late years, always being a headache on the schedules of Louisiana Stqte, Tulane, and other southern powers.
Attracts Eiveter Nine
For the last few years Boilermaker baseball squads have journeyed south for a short training period, and among the opponents on theiy schedules hhve been Louisana Tech. Largely through connections with Herg Duggins have these
games been arranged.
To complete as fine a coaching staff as can be :(ound in the midwest, Boilermakers qre proud to welcome back Herg Duggins. progress, he lateraled the ball to the flying Lindsay and eliminated the three Ehinies with as pretty a block as ever seen in Eoss-Ade Stadium, Lindsay scoring. liiindsay weighs 160 pounds. Such blocking wouldn't look bad at quarterback.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• jewelers
• Tailor
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts,
HAYS JEWELRY CO. Fine jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware^ Quality Mdse,—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777^
• Dine
FRANK'S PLACE Eat at Frank's and Save Money We Never Close 111. Northwestern Ave /
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse—Right Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
I School Supplies University Book Store Across from Union Next to the College Inn M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
Detroit Ambushes Indians For Second in Row "Score, 54 The Detroit Tigers made it two straight over the Cleveland Indiasos yesterday with a 6-0 shutout whieh gave the Hgers a two-game lead over the Indians and maintained a 4^-game lead over the Yankees, who edged out the Boston Bed Sox, 6-4. It is expected that veteran Tommy Bridges will face Bob Feller, Cleveland ace, in the final gaine of . the series in Detroit today. Detroit will meet the Indians in Cleveland in the three final games of the season, September 27, 28, 29. YESTERDAY’S RESULTS . American League Detroit 5; Cleveland, 0 ^t. Lqnis, 3; Chicago, 2 New Y<qrk, 6; Bostqn, 4 (Only games scheduled) National League Chicago, 4; St. Louis, 3 (11 innings) New York, 3; Boston,^ 1 Cindnnnti, 8-7; Pittsburgh, 1-8 (second game, 10 innings) Philadelphia, 4; Brooklyn, 2 TODAY’S GAMES American League Cleveland at Detroit Chicago at St. Louis Washington at Philadelphia Boston at New York National League St. Louis at Chicago Cincinnati at Pittsburgh New Ycark at Boston Philadelphia at Brooklyn
$c|ie<lulfs
/
. PSACnCE GAMBS Uoadan 8«|ttemb«r 8S
Diamond
i" Epsilon -va. Sidna. Hiu t PW Ddte 'Theta va. Immbda Chi Alphh. 5, Delta Dpsilon va. Sigma Aljiha Mn. 4. Beta The^ K va. Tau Kaspa EraihtUi. e. P|n Kama va. ^Upha Tan Omega. 6. Alpha Kappei Damtxla va. Alpha CM T. J^ta'Tan va. Kapim Ddta Bho. ft ^ ^ Kappa jSippii. 9. Theta Chi va. Sigma Pi, ??• Kappa Hit Jl* Al^ va. Kappa Shmm. ' la. Phi ^ya Kappa va. Alpha Qaa«|a
Ron va. Theta XI, b va. Phi Kappa ThiK
ppa ,
18. Sigma PU , 14, Phi Gamsda
16. BehnJ Is. Aeaola/iS I i’' 3 h H
V
Jimsdi^ Jalk Let's Raise The Flag Again For a 'great many years it has been customary for members of the advanced military corps and the band to take part in a flag raising ceremony before each football game. Two years ago a misunderstanding arose over the ceremony and it was discontinued. Seniors will recall the impressiveness of this ceremony which is still carried out at basketball games. The whole act lends color and feeling to a game week-end. This to us is not the ordinary type of “flag waving” that most of us have grown to despise for purely psychological reasons. The raising of the American flag at athletic contests has become a tradition and as such should not be allowed to be cast into discard. It is not just a ceremony but a definite display both of loyalty of one’s country but also of the countries approval of the events that take place beneath it. The details of the misunderstanding of two years ago are no lohger familiar to us and the parties involved have probably long ago forgotten the circumstances under which the pregame ceremony was abandoned, so in the name of Purdue and all its traditions we appeal to the band, its director, the ROTC unit, and their officers to return to the practice of former years and help the Boilermakers off to a successful season. It will not only help our spirit but it will also make us more conscious of our duty to keep that flag waiving over the field of athletic contests rather than the field of bloody battles.
Bold and Black
We didn’t make it to George Olsen’s swing session Friday night where blonde vocalist Jean Blair was reported to have put on an exhibition, BUT we did see her on exhibition from 9 to 12. She may have sung; but we can’t remember. —B & B— She and one of her colleagues appeared after intermission sporting Roosevelt buttons. How they got hold of them might be entitled “Partial Mystery,” or “Ask those five charter members of the Young Democrats Club.” The sweet shop was the scene of the pinning. —B&B— One of the guys with her asked for a Willkie button. —B & B— This is the age of advancement, but some of the air conditioning units from the Music Hall could be put to use in the ballrooms. It may be the unseasonal weather or something, but dancing was definitely “hot.” At least one establishment in town knows the advantages of cool air—and is cashing in on it. —B&B— Seen at Friday night’s jamboree: Ernie Elkin and pin woman Chi O Ginny Diehl, perennial jitterbugs, practising their art in spite of climatic conditions. Kappa Mary Burtsfield and unknown man practising new dance steps with a doubtful degree of success. Alpha Chi’s Dottie Sieb and man standmg by ventilator looking imhappy. Chem instructor Hoagland and woman—^we didn’t know he dated. —B & B— In our extra reading for a Psych course, we ran across an article that explained the position i of the local co-ed rather well. It gave the reasons behind her desire to be popular and explained just why she refused dates on short notice, even if she had nothing to do on the specified night. We’ll look up the reference again and give directions as to where to find it. It makes interest-
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S Wed, Sept. 25, 6:30 p. m. ADVANCED Thurs., Sept. 26, 6:30 p. m. ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6TH & FERRY
PURoilE EXPONENT
Sunday, September 22, 1940
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
T beg to differ with you, Gladys—^if football wasn’t intelligent, why do all the college fellas play it?”
ing reading when one keeps in mind the local ratio. —B & B— The above just didn’t spring to mind, but rather was prompted by the absence of some of our former best copy subjects from social events this year. We know they’re in school. —B & B—— Every once in a while we run across one of those persons that just loves to get in print, but threatens to commit dire acts if his (or her) name ever appears. Now Phi Psi’s John Van Horn has entered the select group. He claims his avowed purpose in this, his senior year, is to date as many frosh women as time and means will permit. This comes as quite a surprise to us, for Johnny never has really gone to work on this campus. Formerly his interests lay in Saint Mary of the Woods. , —B & B— Passports will be out this week. Now you get a chance to see how you appear to others. Again for upperclassmen, first time for froSh. Personally we always did think that particular camera man and his developers were cynics. —B & B— Getting back to the universal topic, frosh Kay Heitman doesn’t know what she’s passing up when she allows a full week to pass between dates with AXP Chambers.
PEW Will Sponsor Co-ed Terpsichore Physical education department for women is sponsoring a special service for all co-eds interested in learning ballroom dancing. Lessons will begin tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock and will continue until 8:30 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium. ^ Miss Helen Knight of the women’s physical education department, assisted by WAA members, will present the course. There will be no charge. Upperclassmen . . . will honor freshman Episcopal students at a buffet supper to be given in St. John’s Parish House, Sixth and Ferry streets, this evening at 6 o’clock. Dr. L. M. Sears will speak, following which there will be a social program closing at 8 o’clock.
Stratton, Schleman Authors Of Current Book On Etiquette Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women, and Helen B. Schleman, director of women’s residence halls, are co-authors of a current book on etiquette, “Your Best Foot Forward,” sub-titled, “Social Usage for Young Moderns,” which will be published October 14 by McGraw-Hill Book Company, Inc., New York. According to reports from the publishers, the book deals with problems of social usage which confront young people today. It is based directly upon 6,200 questions asked by college students on nine college campuses from Maine to California, while the chapter on “dates” results from student opinion from 67 colleges.
MEET and EAT AT WALGREEN’S • BREAKFAST mLUNCHEON • DINNER • REFRESHING TREATS YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALCREEN’S DRU6 STORES 410 Main Street
Going Home? See Travel Bureau Now for Hides New in the field of campus “helps” is the Purdue Travel Bureau, which has been founded in the last few days “to act as a clearing house for car-owners, passengerseekers and would-be riders,” Edward Humphreys, founder of the bureau, said yesterday. It was erroneously reported in the Exponent yesterday that the bureau is an activity. It is not, according to Actmty Bureau officials, but has only been approved by the ex-tra-curricular activities board, which means that it is condoned for student participation, but will n^t receive activity points. ’Phone number of the travel bureau is 2673, and rides are now in the offing to Chicago, South Bend, Indianapolis, Port Wayne and Cleveland. , The bureau does not accept any of the driver’s responsibilities.
HEALTH SERVICE WORKERS Students who assisted with physical examinations during registration may get their checks by calling at the Student Health Service. S. J. MILLER Director
University Course Offers Special Training special training services of police officers in problems created by our national defense program were announced today by Prof. J. L. Lingo, director of the University’s Public Safety Institute. “The defense program will create even greater congestion and confusion on our highways and will present many new problems to police officers in every state and city,” Lingo stated. “In all of the police training programs conducted by the Institute during the coming year the special problems of handling troop traffic, convoys and other special details will receive important consideration. “The traffic officer vdll play an important part in the defense program by seeing that the flow of persons and materials from point ,to point is not impeded by highway congestion or accidents,” Lingo said. During the early fall the Institute will conduct reorganizational and training programs in the Hammond and Logansport Police Departments. A special short course for new police recruits will be held at the University in December and a series of regional training courses are scheduled for the smaller police departments in northern Indi-
eniors
f f • •
Are You Ready for Senior Day! « We Are Ready and Willing to Fulfill Your Every Need Assuming Yau Have Your Own Mustache— We have Your Size in a Derby—. $ ,50 CORDS—^Zipper Fly, Slide Rule Pocket ....$5,00 The Cane to Set You Off 25 DEWENTER’S
416 MAIN ST.
PHONE 3801
YOU WALK EVERY DAY
5023
SO CHANGE YOUR HABITS AND TREAT YOUR NEXT DATE TO A RIDE IN A CAB PHONES
3071
YELLOW CAB “The Thinking Fellow Calk q Yellow
99
Joe ''Dated Laundered Shirt" above is a year old, but thanks to Crown Laundry's extra-careful methods he's as spry and attractive now as the day he was bought. All shirts laundered by us exclusively are GUARANTEED a full year's wear*. . .positive proof of careful laundering.
CROWN LAUNDRY Phone 4073
>■ I:
9 )h