‘ ift n »' j '■'' I » , '* ' f, » i, ■! ^ '^‘;7^,r Kr« '‘^-- < ^ ^ 3
\ I h » ■,tA
i
Purdue
Z-185
Exponent
News
,j;‘eWeek
Musical Groups Will Present Cantata
• Hitler annexes Memel in drive to regain former German territory. • Wyoming Tarxan takes own life to end trail of blood. • 25 per cent gain credited engineering construction contracts. • Loyalist Spain discusses terms of peace after 32 months of warfare. • FDR appoints SEC chairman Williom O. Douglas to Supreme Court. • Tony Galento named first contender for heavyweight boxing crown.
FOREIGN
Germany And Lithuania . . . . . . this week signed a treaty returning the 1,099-square-mile Memel territory lost by Germany as a result of the World War. The treaty provided for establishing a free port in the Baltic territory for Lithuania’s use, and it also stipulated “that neither (country) will take steps by force against one another nor support force applied by a third party to either' of these sides
or to both sides.”
Nazi storm troopers and Memel Nazis immediately began taking over control of the public buildings, radio stations, and other posts in the city of Memel in preparation for Adolf Hit-
ler’s triumphal entry last Thursday.
Less Dramatic, But . . . i————
. . still another important step in Hitler’s “domination of Europe campaign” was the Rumanian trade treaty which g’lve Germany practically undisputed access to Rumania’s natural resources: farm products, timber, manganese, bauxite, chiomium, copper, sulphate, and
mineral oils.
This treaty also gives Germany an option on the Rumanian market for machinery, plant equipment, mining, transportation, communication, shipping, and public enterprises. Germany gets a monopoly of Rumanian orders for military and naval equipment, according to
the treaty.
One aiticle of the treaty provides for what may be interpreted as a privilege of Germany to establish ports on the Black Sea.
WSGA, WAA, To Vote
Tenox
Charles Kullman
NATIONAL Two Federal . . . . . . investigatois from Chicago began an intensive check last week of the wreck of a Boeing stratoliner which crashed Satuiday, March 18, neai^Alder, Wash., taking the lives of ten men including two officials of a Dutch ah line, to learn whether the breaking of a motor mount on the foui-motoied plane caused the crash. The plane, a 33-passenger, $500,000 substratosphere craft, was being' put through her paces in a test flight when suddenly, witnesses lepoited, one of the motors fell away from the ship and it began a 10,000 foot plunge to the earth—a plunge which ended in almost complete disintegiation of the luxury liner. Six Convicts . . . ... all convicted of the same crime went to their death Friday shortly before dawn—one of the greatest mass executions of modern times— in South Carolina’s electric chair. The men wei e convicted of stabbing to death prison guard captain J. 0. Sandeis, during an attempted prison break on December 12, 1937, at the state penitentiary in Columbia. Because of conflicting testimony, the officials were unable to determine the order in which the men entered the guard’s office in their futile break for freedom; but the men went to the chair in approximately the same order. The confession of the self-acknowledged leader failed to secure clemency for his partners m the break. A Chicago Girl ... . . . blonde 14 year old Gloria Peterson, won $50,000 Friday in the annual lush Hospital sweepstakes as Woikman, 100 to 8 shot, showed the way over Aintree’s four and a half miles. MacMoffat came in second, with the favoiite, Kilstar, running third in the $12,000,000 sweepstakes which paid out $3,714,810 to Americans. Earl Durand . . . . . . shaggy-haired, self-styled Tarzan who killed four peace officers in less than a week, shot himself to death Friday as he faced capture in a bloody attempted bank robbery in his home town, Powell, Wyo. Duiand had been hunted by posses, sometimes numbering over 1,000 men, during the last nine days after he had kidnaped a deputy (Continued on page 2)
Gilbreth To Address WSGA In separate mass meetings at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon, both WSGA and WAA will elect officers for the next year. In addition to taking part in the election of officers, WSGA members will also be able to hear Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, consulting engineer, speak on “Vogue of the Outside, and Vague in the Inside.” This meeting will be held in the women’s lounge of the
Union.
WAA members will hold their primary elections in Memorial Gymnasium at which time a third candidate for each office may be nominated if two-thirds of the acGirls who wish to add their names to'the list of WSGA nominees must hand a petition bearing 25 signatures to Mary Alice Learning, WSGA president, by 6 p. m. tonight. tive members are present. This includes all the girls who have earned their 25 points and who have paid their dollar dues. Candidates already nominated for WSGA offices are: president, Treva Berry, Ruth Hall, Ann Sickman; secretary, Peggy Terstegge, Paula Zwierlein; treasurer, Jane Black, Mary Jane Carr; junior representative, Joyce Burnham, Ruth Swift; sophomoie representative, Janet Bourne, Agnes McCollough. Candidates already nominated for WAA officeis are: president, Barbara Roderick, Georgia Walker; vice-president, Mary Ann Reiman, Maiy Louise Riley; secretary, Jane Stickler, Louise Thomas; treasurer, Jane Fishleigh, Bette Smith. New council members will be chosen by the old council at a meeting held the evening of elections. <
Slewarf Will Direct 'The Crucifixion' In Eliza Fowler Hall Tomorrow Night At 7:30
Religious Council To In observance of the Lenten season, A. P. Stewart will direct
the University musical organizations in the musical cantata, “The Crucifixion,” by Sir John Stainer tomorrow and Tuesday
nights at 7:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall.
Chosen, according to Stewart, because it is the best known and most loved of all the Easter cantatas, it will serve as the last regularly scheduled convocation for worship.
The University orchestra of 36 pieces and the choir of 200 voices will give the cantata following an organ prelude played by George Osborn, senior pharmacy student. During the presentation Marvin Smith and Paul Worcester, tenors; Charles Powell, Wallace Woodrow, ^and Donald Pyke, baritones; Van W. Coddington and Robert Ek, basses,
will sing solos.
The program is as follows:
Charles Kullman To Appear Two Nights In Convo Program Metropolitan Opera tenor Charles Kullman will appear on the campus in a regularly scheduled convocation the nights of Wednesday and Thursday, March 29 and 30, at 8 o’clock. Kullman, a widely experienced singer, has been heaid several times in cities of Europe and over radio stations in the United States, as well as in numerous appearances with the Metropolitan Opera Com-
pany.
Senior, freshman, and green tickets will be honored on Wednesday, and junior, sophomore, and blue tickets on Thursday, unless they are presented for change to Prof. J. T. Gunn in room 213, Purdue Hall, or Miss Alice Stover, history office.
Recitation Building.
'Drunkenness^ Topic Triangle...
Support Production Of 'Bury The Dead" “Bury the Dead” may yet ap-
pear before a local audience, according to an announcement made last night by William Briscoe, president
of Purdue Religious Council. Several days ago the ReligioiK
Council decided to back the play, and yesterday afternoon a group of students, many of whom have had previous experience in other campus productions, decided to pro-
duce it.
Although plans have not yet been completed, a more complete announcement will be made in Tues- > day’s Exponent. Prof. Kohl To Teach New Photo Course Under the direction of Prof. E. J. Kohl, of the biology department, a special short course in photography, which will be open to townspeople in particular, will be started tomorrow' night at a meeting in room 308 of Heavilon Hall at 7
o’clock.
The course will last six weeks, or if necessaiy slightly longer, and will meet two nights a week, for one hour of lecture and two hours of laboratory work, according to tentative arrangements. A fee of ten dollars will be charged, with the University providing camera and dark room equipment. Topics discussed will run through shutters, lenses, films, plates, filters, and finally, color photography and development. Final arrangements will be made at the meeting tomorrow night.
Laboratory Group Players Will Present Presents Play Tonight 'St. Claudia' Today
Playshop’s Laboratory Group will present “J. Smith and Wife” tonight at 7:30 in the Cynthia Jones Hall of the West Lafayette Baptist Church. This presentation of the play is sponsored by the Roger Wil-
liams Club.
The play concerns Johnny, a shy,
mild man, played by Dick Coleman, and Mary, his ordinary wife, portrayed by Yvonne Price. Bob Hewitt, assisted by Jack Armitage, man-
ages the Laboratory Group.
Of Dr. King Tuesday Dr. Albion R. King, outstanding authority on today’s liquor problem, will speak on the “Psychology of Drunkenness” at 8 p. m. Tuesday, March 28, in Stanley Coulter Hall. Preceding this lecture at 4 p. m.. Dr. King will hold an open forum at the Wesley Foundation. King, professor of philosophy and dean of men at Cornell College, at Mount Vernon, la., was voted the most popular convocation speaker by students of Miami University, Ohio. His treatment of the liquor problem is based largely on material from technical journals, making his discussion interesting as well as instructive. Exponent Board Exponent Editor H. I. Stanback announced yesterday a meeting of the faculty members of the Ebcponent Board and all elected officers of the Exponent staff in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station, Tuesday, March 28, at 4:16 p. m.
. fraternity announces the initi-
ation of R. A. Specker, Indianapolis, and the pledging of L. W. Bruck and A. A. Topp, both of Indianapolis; J. E. Fant, New Castle; C. B. Breedlove, Detroit, Mich.; and George
King of West Lafayette.
Wesley Players will present “St. Claudia,” their major production of the year, at the West Lafayette Methodist Church tonight at 7 p. m. at 7 o’clock. This play, the story of the Christianization of Pontius Pilate’s wife, will feature Melba Tooker Murphy in the title role, and George Murphy as Pilate. Others in the cast are John Fonts, Luther Cree, >William Peterson, Walter Loeffler, Ann Pierce, Marjorie Hoover, Cecil Warner, Bonnie Swope, William McFadden, and Winifred Thompson. Miss Katherine Shearer will present vocal selections between acts. Assisted by Glenora ivicFadden and Edward Smith, this cast will take the play on the road during spiing vacation, presenting the drama at various cities in this part of the state.
Cagey Co-ed's Criticism Statts Contest For Well Dressed Ed Title-$25 In Prizes Offered
Out of a clear sky it looks as if the interest in clothes aroused by Cagey Coed last week has born fruit. Local mei chants got into the swing of things last night and put up five prizes totalling $25 in all, for the best dressed ed of the week. First prize of a $12 Cravonette allweather campus coat will be awarded to the best dressed Boilermaker ed. The remaining prizes are a McGreggor sweater, an Aetna hat styled to the winner’s own choosing, a Manhattan shirt and tie, and an Arrow shirt and tie. Baltimore Clothes Shop, Dewenter and Co., Geisler’s Clothes Shop, Gullion’s Clothing, and Henry Rosenthal, completes the list of donors for the contest.
Doc Miller, director of the Student Health Service, Jack Brock, instructor in the applied mechanics department, and a representative of the sponsors have agreed to judge the eds starting tomorrow moniing. Only requirement for the contest is that the winner must be a registered undergraduate student in the University. Decisions of the judges will be final and the winners will be announced in Friday’s Exponent. Judges will roam the campus from tomorrow morning through Thursday. If a convenient place can be found the prizes will be displayed in the Union early in the week.
Playshop Selects 'Journey's End' For Season's Final Show Playshop will produce “Journey’s End” as the final play of the current season, according to a statement made by G. D. Williams, associate director of Playshop, last night. Tryouts for the play, which has an all male cast, will be held Tuesday at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. J. E. Dietrich will direct the show and J. W. Miller, new technical assistant of Playshop will be in charge of staging the show. Pjayshop had originally intended to present “Brother Rat” in May as its third regular play which was postponed in February. When the all-campus group postponed production of “The Mikado” until April Playshop decided that the time remaining between the presentation of “The Mikado” and the final Playshop show was too brief to adequately construct the thiee sets required for “Brother Rat.” Playshop officials sounded out opinions of a group at season ticket holders before selecting “Journey’s End” as a substitute for “Brother Rat.” and found an overwhelming preference for “Journey’s End” over all other suggested plays. J. Parrett, '40 PSE, Dies In Princeton John M. Parrett, junior public service engineer, died at his home in Princeton, eai'ly yesterday. Parrett was suffering from complications resulting from kidney trouble, and left school last week because of serious eye disorders. Member of the local chapter of Sigma Nu fraternity, Parrett was connected with the University military band during his freshman and
sophomore years.
Alexander Clips Ties At Union Swing Show Bill Alexander completely stopped the show as he barged down the aisle clipping ties off the spectators at the swing show in the Union
ballroom last night.
Proceeding to the stage, Alexander interrupted the progiam further while he explained a couple of complicated drawings from the
puttering room.
Bill Martin and his orchestra furnished the music for the show. “Deep Purple” was selected as the “Song of the Week.” for the second
consecutive week.
Model Plane Club Eleds Officers; Views Movies Meeting Friday night in Memorial Union, Purdue Model Airplane Club last night elected Ken Harker, president; James Cahill, vice-presi-dent; Dick Obarski, secretary; and A. H. Vellinger of the general engineering department, treasurer. Moving pictures of the National Contest held at Detroit last summer and of the Wakefield contest held in France were shown. This contest in Fi-ance was won by James Cahill, newly elected vice-president of the
club.
1. Kecitative, Maivin Smith, tenor “And They Came to a Place Named Gethsemane ” 2 The Agony, Wallace Woodrow, baritone; Van W Coddington, bass “Could Ye Not Watch with Me One Brief Hour?” 3 Processional to Calvary, Mr Smith, tenor. “Fling Wide the Gates ” 4. Recitative, all basses. “And When They Were Gome to a Place Called Calvary.” 5 Hymn. “The Mystery of the Divine Humiliation.” 6 Recitative, Charles Powell, baritone. “He Made Himself of No Reputation ” 7. Tenor Solo, Paul Worcester. “The Maiesty of the Divine Humiliation ” 8 Recitative, all basses “And As Moses Lifted Up the Serpent.” 9 Anthem “God So Loved the World.” 10. Hymn “Litany of the Passion.” 11 Recitative, Mr. Powell and all tenors and basses “Jesus Said. ‘Father, Forgive Them ’ ” 12 Duet, Mr Worcester and Mr. Woodrow. "So Thou Liftest Thy Divine Petition.” 13 Hymn “The Myster of Intercession.*^ 14 Recitative, Donald Pyke, baritone; Mr. Coddington, bass , Robert Ek, bass. “And One of the Malefactors.” 15 Hymn. “The Adoration of the Crucified.’* 16. Recitative, Harold Schulte, tenor; Mr. Ek, bass, with men’s chorus. “When Jesus Therefore Saw His Mother.” 17. Recitative, Mr. Woodrow, baritone. “Is It Nothing to You, All Ye That Pass By 18. Anthem “The Appeal of the Crucified.’* 19 Recitative, Mr. Smith, tenor, with men’s chorus. “After This, Jesus Knowing 'That All Things Were Now Accomplished.” 20 Hymn “For the Love of Jesus.” Stewarts' Honor Mrs. C. A. Rader, Sorority Speaker Controller and Mrs. R. B. Stewart will entertain 200 guests at a tea in honor of Mrs. Clifford A. Rader of Columbus, 0., this afternoon from 4 to 6. Mrs. Rader is guest speaker here this week-end at the Kappa Kappa Gamma Province Convention. She is past national chairman of the Pan-Hellenic Council and past national president of Phi Mu sorority. Guests at the tea will include the actives and pledges of Kappa Kappa Gamma and Phi Mu sororities, and Alpha Chi Rho fraternity. Also invited are the Phi Mu Mothers’ club, and Alumni Club, sorority presidents and house mothers, Pan Hellenic representatives, and faculty members. PE Group Returns From Study Trip Twenty-six students majoring in physical education returned yesterday from a thi‘ee-day trip to Milwaukee and Chicago where they made a short study of the recreational and physical educational programs of the public schools. Visiting the Oak Park High school in Oak Park, 111., first, the group heard an address by Coach Pat Holmes on recreation. Proceeding to Milwaukee, the group spent two days there inspecting the educational and recreational facilities of that city. During their stay in Milwaukee, the group made an inspection tour of the two new phys'ical education plants now under construction, were shown movies, and took part in a discussion concerning education and recreation. Elmer Burnham was in charge of the group with Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood, William Upton, and Howard Wilkening of the physical education staff assisting.^dUtifuaL
THE FDBDUE EXPONENT
J'MiuMA,
Sunday# March 26# 1939
' \l “»i .’
{Continued from page 1)
sheriff, broke fiom a Cody, Wyo., jail, and killed two peace officers who tried to recapture him. Fleeing from a posse after killing the two officers on March 16, Durand was trapped in a rocky fortress on Sawtooth mountain. Escaping after shooting two more possemen who attempted to rush his stronghold, Durand led national guardsmen on a wild chase through the mountains. Eluding them during the night, he stole back to his home town—to his death.
Reclamation of Used ... . . . newsprint was given a survey at this week’s convention of the National Association of Waste Material Dealers in Chicago. A recently developed process for de-inking and I’e-using old newspapers was discussed pro and con, mostly con, at the Windy City meeting. Hochstetter, inventor of the chemical process, graciously threw the floor open to discussion following his explanation of the system. James Flett, authority on the paper industry, arose unexpectedly from the gathering and subjected the inventor to a barrage of pertinent questions. He pointed out that most of the newsprint needed much larger percentage of wood pulp in it than the reclamation process would allow.
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
— and-
flaiMiniinE
wm. JVMEn
SAILYEIIERS^. tarnished
angel
w%sar
■ ui tOWMAN • ANN MILLEA Iaum mMER* mhl CHHfinru
ALSO SHORT SUBJECT
zas to provide music for public streetdancing. Surprise Raid — ... in Valencia took citizens flatfooted Monday. They watched for peace negotiations, not the five Savoia (Italian type) bombers which targeted a waterfront street. Number of casualties was not large.
BUSINESS Hitler’s Czech Putsch ... ... gave the U. S. stock market serious palpitations this week which resulted in a ten point slump, bringing the Dow-Jones industrials down to 141.68.U. S. business could easily be used as a barometer for Hitler’s acquisitions. When Adolf decided he wanted Sudetenland, U. S. trade with the Czechs fell off 67 per cent from the 1938 level. Trade with Germany, trapped by the recently imposed punitive duty on Nazi imports, has taken a corresponding decline. Yearly buying from the U. S. that once totaled $400,000,000 fell off last year to $64537,000, and by now is insignificantly small.
WASHINGTON Vast Social Security . . . . . . reserve funds, originally provided for m the social security act, were objected to late this week by the President and his chief financial advisors. Instead of the provision calling for the creation of reserves which would eventually reach 40 billion dollars, the President would substitute a two and one-half to three billion dollar fund.
Said FDR—“The correct fund would be one sufficient to meet obligations for a three to five year period without dependence on current social security tax collections.” Fourth FDR Nomination . . .
Engineering Construction . . . . . . contracts for the week jumped 25 per cent over the preceding period, according to the recept issue of Engineering News Record. The awards for engineering jobs have jumped 18 per cent over the same week a year ago. Private construction showed the greatest percentage increase due to a high industrial building vol-
.... to the Supreme Court came this week, when President Roosevelt picked SEC Chairman William 0. Douglas to fill the bench left vacant by retirement of Justice Louis D. Brandeis. Thus far the nomination has been approved by a Senate judiciary subcommittee, and full committee action is expected to follow soon.
Other Roosevelt-chosen members of the high tribunal are Black, Reed, and Frankfurter. One more new deal appointment will give the administration a majority on the Supreme Court bench.
AF of L, CIO Peace .. . . . . conferences today ground along at the usual heated rate with each side accusing the other of raiding rival fields of organized workers. Meanwhile Senate is delaying proposed amendments to the national labor relations law in order to give the labor leaders time to reach a settlement.
Presidential Signature . . . . . . was all that was needed late this week to let the army turn to purchasing and constructing 6,000 military planes, to begin consumption of the 300 million dollar fund appropriated for building up U. S. air forces.
WAR “Honorable” Peace . . . . . . requested Julian Besteiro, Foi’eign Minister of Loyalist Spain’s National Defense Council, over Madrid’s Union Radio last week. “A victorious” peace, retorted Ramon Serrano Suner, Franco’s Minister of Interior, in a Burgos broadcast the next day. Republican officials yesterday insisted no surrender could be made unless minimum conditions weie accepted; 1. no reprisals; 2, German and Italians aiding’ Franco must exodus from Spam. Other reports said Friday Nationalists were making ready to accept a virtually unconditional surrender bj' the Madrid government, which would end Spain’s 32-months long civil war and the republican capital’s long siege. Airangements have been made for erection of loudspeakeis in Madiid’s principal pla-
“The President Can . . . . . . reorganize, consolidate, or abolish most administrative agencies by executive order, which could become effective after 60 days unless both House and Senate vote in disapproval,” thus ran the first clause of the four point reorganization program
• • Buck and his Buckarettes show gay Faroe what It' whoopee really is!
Adolph Zukor preseryls
BENNY-BENNETT
II
ARTISTS
AND
MODELS abroad:
w.th MARY BOLAND CHARLEY GRAPEWiN JOYCE COMPTON FRITZ FELD and the YACHT CLUB BOYS
<?> <9 TODAY - MONDAY
LUMA
pushed by FDR, approved by Senate., Other stipulation limit debates on proposals to disapprove Presidential orders to 20 hours; require FDR to arrange transfer of an abolished agency to an existent one; give him appointive power over six assistants—salaries not to exceed $10,000 dollars per year. The Senatorial O. K. on this bill was an about face from last week’s action approving the amendment by Wheeler to the bill.
Obnoxious Aliens . . . ... or in the language of the House, “aliens advocating any change in the American form of government” will stand good chances of deportation if the recent House-approved bill is passed by the Senate. The bill, which passed the body of representatives without a ripple of opposition, would reinforce present law which provides for deportation of those aliens advocating government overthrowal by “force or violence.”
What ? Deep Purple again ? ? ? ? Don’t you students ever change your mind ? ?
Now I lay me down to sleep And pray I’ll pass my tests this week. If I should die before I wake Thank God, those tests I will not take!
SPORTS The Mantle Of . . . . . . two men who for two decades made University of Pittsburgh football teams a power on the nation’s collegiate gridiron—Glenn “Pop” Warner, Dr. John Bain Sutherland —^fell to a student of both, Charles W. Bowser last Wednesday at Pittsburgh. Bowser, former assistant to Sutherland in 1937, was named by Pitt’s board of trustees which simultaneously appointed a committee of seven to investigate “all phases” of the University stormy athletic situation.
TAKE A LETTER: This is a paid advertisement: To WRHers who can’t study in the afternoons: “GREETINGS GATES . . LET’S RECIPROCATE!” Signed by the sun bathers of Alpha Chi Rho.
PROM RUMOR: Alas, alack— I lack a lass—
-By Dizz.
For The First Time . . . ... in three years the national table tennis championship was held by an American, 22-year-old Jimmy McClure of Indianapolis, at Toledo, O., last Monday. McClure trounced Tibor HaZi of Hungary in four tilts in the ninth annual U. S. open tournament finals.
Co-eds have their golden rule Not like the one in Sunday School The only rule that co-eds kenn Is “BE YE FISHERS AMONG MEN.”
With Utter Disregard . . . ... of par, Byron (Lord) Nelson, of Reading, Pa., walked off with $1,000 top prize money Thursday in the 72-hole North and South golf tournament at Pinehurst, N. C. The Pennsylvanian who makes his living teaching golf rattled off four con.«ecutive rounds of 71-68-70-71—280 on the 72-par layout.
Even though the dancer for the Friday night floor show had a lot on the ball. Pretty Boy KELLNER turned his back completely to her even when she did a fan-dance. Perhaps he’s bashful about things like that, or else he had a very interesting date.
Beer-Guzzling . . . . . . Tony Galento retained his National Boxing Association ranking as No. 1 heavyweight title challenger last Tuesday at Washington because “he was the world’s top man of an unimpressive group of challengers.”
How thoughtful for BOB VERNOR to oversleep a couple of hours on a night when he’s dated up for a formal . . . the tune changes from “See You at a Quarter of Nine” to the tune of “Any Time After Eleven.” Of course, we realize that it was the pledges duty to wake him up on time ... oh, well, better late than never—
The Drake University music department has been given 200 orchestral arrangements.
A youngster from the Phi Pi Phi house has been promised quarter cigars by his brothei’s if he pins TREVA BERRY. It’s a nice thought but we think the brothers can keep their smokes as far as TREVA is concerned.
Gather your kisses while you may
AXi
lev,
her
One
rn- hod « ” *he
IRENE DUNNE CHARLES BOYER
O VO 1. \| I egaiuMt anoibur Vi^ Itton'a monojr — a j^rnaa*! bappIneiM '>^1
MARIE OUSPEHSKAYA lEE BOWMAN ASTRID ALLWYN MAURICE
I ib» baJaacal
NOW SHOWING
ADMISSION
Nights and Sundays 35c Week Day Matinees 25e Children lOe
MaiiI
EXTRA
News Shot's of Big Ten Swimming Meet Held at Purdue
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licbty
Imagine our surprise to find out that TED CABONARGI has had his pin out on PEGGY DAVIS ever since December 22. In case you are wondering, CAB has been wearing SAM WULETICH’S badge to avoid any suspicion? ?
“We may as welfhead back north, Stonewall—the society photographers are beginning to thin out.”
For time brings only sorrow. The girls who are so free today Are the chaperones of tomorrow.
SEVEN MORE ^ DAYS UNTIL VACATION!
Dear Friend: Have heard so much about SLOPPY JOE . . . looked all over the campus for him . . . seems I can’t figure out which one he is . . . must have lots of twin brothers . . . could you enlighten me as to his specific identification ? —Betty Co-ed.
Dr. M. P. Jones Will Speak At Thomas Say Banquet
Sing a song of college, The boys are full of gin. Tonight’s the sky’s the limit So let the hell begin!
Dr. M. P. Jones, head of extension work in the U. S. Department of Agriculture, will come from Washington, D. C. to speak at the annual banquet of the Thomas Say Entomological Society Monday evening at 6:15 in the Baptist Church. Dr. Jones subject will be “Extension Work Problems in United States.”
Over his head m lave again.,.and going down for the last time I
what could mother do about her? • . .
feiABiffl STARTS TODAY
1939 Stars! Romance! Music! Dazzling iceepectacles! Cast of Thousands! M>G-M's show world sensation!
vfith
r** ness lid 05C^
UmnCflU Starts TODAY
V'
*> II
f I
Y iSunday. March 26. 1939
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
One Of Baseball s Greats Will Appear Here April 15
QhDksL
Passing years do not dim the glamor nor lessen the popularity of good old Honus Wagner, renowned veteran coach of the Pittsburgh Pirates, who will appear here April 16 with the Pittsburgh team The immortal owner of the famous bowlegs celebrated his 65th birthday anniversary on February 24, and 22 seasons have gone by since he last appeared m a big league game as a player Yet, throughout the length and breadth of the nation, Honus mayi still be termed the best-known and most popular figure baseball has produced, a legendary marvel to the younger generation, and his amazing feats of yesteryear undymgly green in the memory of the older division of fandom. Has Excellent Record Wagner’s big league career stands without a parallel For 21 years he fought in the National League pennant //ars—^was still in the big show, and playing in the infield a^ that, when he had passed the age of 43—and behind him he left a long string of astounding records at which other players have been aiming ever since in vain Starting on July 19, i897, when he entered the Louisville lineup after being purchased from the Paterson (N J ) club, and ending his major league playing career on September 17, 1917, with the Pirates. Wagner took part m 2,785 pennant games, a record nevei equaled by any other National Leaguer
Other records for the senior loop, which he established and which still stand are led the league in batting eight times, batted above 300 in i7 consecutive seasons, made 3,430 hits, scored 1,740 runs Wagner’s extra base hits included 649 doubles, 219 triples and 101 home runs, and his all-time batting^ aveiage was 329 These are staggering figures when it IS considered that he did not have the advantage of the lively ball and the small parks of today, and was required to bat against spitball, emery ball, shine ball and all other varieties of trick pitching fiom which batsmen now are protected by the rules Honus stole 720 bases all told, his highest mark for a single season having been 61 in 1907 Eight times he stole more than 40 in a year On the defensive, he was only 16 short of accepting 10,000 chances, being cerdited with 4,320 putouts and 5,664 assists, with 612 errors, an alltime average of 943 Numerous stars have come and gone, but baseball has known only one Honus Wagner
A new major in recreational programs IS now listed on the curriculum of Massachusetts State College
In the last 25 years, Colgate’s debaters have won a greater percentage of victories than have the institution’s athletic teams
Suited for Spring
Slacks Jackets Slacks and jackets moke the perfect outfit. Brand new, stunning color combinations.
DEWENTER'S
416 Main Street
Phone 3801
When it was mentioned m the anniversary issue of the Exponent that the 1911 Purdue basketball team was pretty good, that was putting it very mildly . . . for example they snowed Northwestern under 51 to 8 that season . . . the real pay-off was the game with Ihdiana State Normal though . . . two of the men on the squad made 30 points apiece during that bitter
battle. —^fc—
A determined State Normal team took the floor the first half and fiercely fought to make three points while Purdue managed to make 59 . with that half time score of 59-3 stanng them in the face the cagers from Normal resolved to turn over a new leaf the second half and they did playing sensational basketball they managed to hold the powerful Purdue cage machine to only 53 points while they were able to make another three points . game score, 112 6 a moral victoiy for the invaders
—^fc—
It was intericsting to note the football teams played in old days of the frontier, harking back to the Indians, Custer, and the pony express . . m 1899 the Boilermaker tnbe played two games with the Haskell Indians . , . then just to round things off a game was played with some uncivilized stragglers from a reservation in southern Indiana called Indiana University
—^fc—•
Now foi a little more timely news last week Track Coach Phillips said he wanted his boys in real good shape for the Chicago’^lelays which were held last night he said he was going to give his men about four cigarettes apiece before they ran so they would be used to the tobacco smoke he added, “The smoke at the Butler Relays wasn’t so bad when it just went through one pair of lungs but after bein^ inhaled through four or five pairs it got a little stale”
Gold Nine Downs Blacks' 12-4, In Intra-Squad Game
Frankfort Takes State High School Hardwood Crown Indianapolis, March 25 (Special) —Frankfort High School’s basketball team won its fourth state championship tonight by defeating the Franklin Grizzlies 36 22 in the final game of the 1939 Indiana state tournament in which 778 teams fell by the wayside Captain Charles “Splinter” Johnson, Hot Dog center, led the champions along with forwards Lewis Cook ^nd Jim Laughner Crowe was the outstanding man for the Fi anklin five, which had won 30 out of 33 games this season up to the final tilt with Frankfort After being held to a 6 5 tie at end of the fiist half, the Hot Dogs woke up and scored 11 points in a low during the second peiiod, ending the half with a 20 10 lead They were never in danger after that The game was Frankfort’s fifth experience in a final game, and the Franklin team’s fourth The Won der Five of 1920-21-22 won three titles in a low, and in 1912 the Giizzlies weie beaten in the last game In the afternoon games the Hot Dogs earned their way to the championship game by tripping up Bosse of Evansville and Franklin trounced Burris of Muncie Jim Myers, Bosse forward, who scored 13 points rn Bosse’s last en counter, was the winner of the Gimbel Award piesented annually to the player exhibiting the most sportsmanlike conduct during the tournament
Our Easter Cleaning Service will give you s A COMPLETE NEW ENSEMBLE! Coat, Suit, Hat, and even Shoes (with their new invisible half soles!) — ALL OF IT—LOOKS LIKE NEW! /Take your clothes home CLEAN, for you’ll want them during vacation. CALL US NOW for a pickup.
Phone 3085
American! Dependable Dry Cleaners
University of Michigan men sported corsages of vegetables at a special party given for them by their co-ed friends
Thompson, Mackiewia Get Three Hits; Doan, Ruppert, Havto Hurl For Winners Twenty-four Boilermaker baseball players got their first taste of actual diamond competition yesterday afternoon and at the same time gave students and fans their first chance to witness the team in action as a squad of Golds trampled a squad of Black, 12-4, on the varsity diamond.
Captain Jimmy Thompson and Felix Mackiewicz each made three hits for the winners, while Dickinson, Smithson, and Stamm each connected twice Thompson’s double m the first inning was the only extra base hit foi the Gold team For the Blacks, J^ohnny Veinon was the only player who got two hits and the only one who made an extra base hit, a double m the third
inning
Ruppert Shines Chuck Ruppeit was the outstand ing pitcher of the afternoon He set nine men down m oidei in thiee in nings, stiiking out two In his fust appearance at the plate he walked and later came in with the second lun of the Golds’ biggest inning Doan and Navto each allowed two luns in three innings Warner, who started on the mound for the losers, was stung for four runs in the opening frame Kuitz walked, Dickinson heat out an infield hit, and with two outs Thompson cracked a long double to left, Kurtz scoring. Dean walked, filling the bases, and all three runners came in when Stamm singled and Vernon let the ball get through him, sending Stamm to third Brede water grounded out to end the in
ning
Two errors, two bases on balls, a fielder’s choice, and three hits pushed five more runs across for the Golds in the fourth, and four hits added the last three tallies in the seventh Box score GOLDS AB R H Kui tz. If 4 2 1 Dickinson, cf 5 3 2 Smithson, lb 5 12 Mackiewicz, 3b 5 13 Thompson, ss 5 2 3 Dean, if 4 11 Stamm, 2b 5 0 2 Biedewatei, c 2 11 Yeager, c 2 0 0 Doan, p 10 0 Rupeit, p 110 Navto, p 2 0 1
Sixty representatives from Indiana colleges played in the WAA sponsored basketball play day yesterday Teams from Ball State, DePauw, Chicago, Indiana, Indiana State, and Purdue, played demonstratron basketball games in a mor-
ning and afternoon program
Other sports offered on the schedule were volleyball, shuffleboard,
ping pong, and svumming
The WAA bowling tournament IS under way under the direction of Barbara Dobson, chairman of bowling The mam part of the competition will take place after spring
vacation
WAA will send representatives to play at a speedball play day sponsored by DePauw University, April 22 On April 15, WAA will play host to a state league play day for GAA which is a high school athletic
association for girls
Ward 12A Defeats 4X In Basketball Finals Ward 12 A defeated Ward 4 X, 21-15, Friday night in the finals of the ward basketball season Having previously defeated Ward 12’s basketball squad to enter the finals the 4 Xers gave the victors a strong battle for the crown The winners had beat Ward 10-X in the semifinals Both teams were undefeated in the regular season and met in the finals with perfect records
Totals BLACKS Burroughs, 2b Vernon, cf Lorenz, If . Danowski, lb
Doherty, rf Fisher, c Ainslee, c Coriell, 3b Igney, ss Warner p War go, p Emmeit p
Totals
35
Deac Says— Once in a lifetime you can have a chance to buy Spalding baseballs, baseball bats, and baseball gloves at a tremendous redudion. A. G. Spaulding Brothers closed their Indianapolis retail store and I bought their merchandise at a great reduction in price. This reduction we are passing on to our customers. We also have the famous Slazenger tennis frame, ranging from $12.00 down. We will restring these frames with any kind of gut you wish. We will also resIring any old tennis rackets you have with any kind of string from $1.50 to $7.00-24 hour service. H. G. “Deac” REISNER BOOK STORE3kaxL tM/L
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^YboticiiA.
Sunday, March 26, 1939
wj ■it
Carnival Results Special Events Fraternity Walking Race: Won by G. Tredwell, Theta Chi; second, Arnold, Kappa Delta Rho; third, L. Clifford, Delta Chi. Ward Walking Race: Won by A. M. Rohn; second, J. P. Guerra. Co-ed Walking Race: Won by Mary Lou Nourse; second, Audrey T. Cason. Golf Putting: Won by C. J. Barr, Delta Upsilon; second, D. Dittmer, Delta Tau Delta. Clown Events: Won by Delta Chi; second. Delta Tau Delta; thud. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Power Pull: Won by J. Petty, Sigma Phi Epsilon; second, Chester Kesslei, Alpha Gamma Rho; third, R. K. Johnson, Beta Theta Pi. Football Pass: Won by J. D. Fishei, Tiiangle; second, J. Galvin, Phi Kappa; third, J. D. Baker, Delta Tau Delta. Waid Football Pass: Won by W. Jelnick, waid 5; second, G. W. Dietz, Caiy Hall West. Cary Hall Tug of Wai: Won by Cary Hall 8. Runnei-up, Caiy Hall 10. Half Mile Relay Won by Sigma Alpha Mu; second. Phi Kappa Sigma; thud. Kappa Sigma. Varsity 440-yaid Dash- Won by A. R. Shackleton. Non-varsity 440-yaid Dash: Won by D. T. Fishei, Phi Kappa Psi. One Mile Run: Won by E. J. Holdeiman; second, A. P. Knapp, thud, M. L. Clevett, Silver Derby Relays Wheelbaiiow Race: Won by Beta Theta Pi. Thiee-legged Race: Won by Sigma Phi Epsilon. Stilt Race; Won bj'' Theta Xi. Bicycle Race; Won by Sigma Chi Barrel Race: Won by Lambda Chi. Sack Race: Won by Triangle. Hoiseback Race: Won by Phi Kappa Psi. Clutch Race: Won by Phi Kappa Tau. Boxing Title Winners 120 Pound: Won by J. Barlow, Delta Tau Delta. 130 Pound: Won by Don McCoy. 140 Pound: Won by R. V. Youkey. 150 Pound: Won by G. C. Landers, Sigma Phi Epsilon 160 Pound: Won by L. W. Lafuse, Alpha Gamma Rho. Heavyweight: Won by A1 Rossi, Delta Chi. 126 Pound: Won by Paul Muiphy. 135 Pound: Won by G. W. Marson. 147 Pound: Won by W. Bradley, Alpha Tau Omega.
175 Pound: Won by R. H. Kilgore, Beta Theta Pi. 175 Pound: Won by L, L. Lyles, Pi Kappa Phi. Wrestling Champions 135 Pound: Won by C. L. Fredeiicks. 145 Pound: Won by K. A. Rawlings, Delta Chi. 155 Pound: Won by J. A. Lindeman. Delta Chi. 165 Pound; Won by D. N. Nau, Phi Kappa. Heavyweight: Won by Italo Rossi, Delta Chi. Teiinis Veterans Practice For Opening Match April 17 With near summer weather the past few days, the varsity tennis players have been getting in shape on the concrete courts. Regular woikouts aie planned for next week if weather will permit. Four Lettermen Tennis coach Lairy LaBree is out of town this week-end, but will issue a general call for all inter.ested in trying out for the team early next week. At pi’esent about a half dozen men ai'e working out, mostly lettei men and others out for the team last year. Four letter winners from the 1938 team aie letuining—Fuente, Mann, Blitz, and Jackson.
WBAA
•THE VOICE OF PURDUE"
—Tomorrow— 11.00—^Prof Robeit Phillips, American Institutions. 11:50—-Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—-Agricultuial Forum. 12:15—Sports Review, Dick ly12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Jewell Cox, pianist. 1:00—Town Criei. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—-Story Time. 1:45—Market Repoits. 2:00—Magic Carpet. 2:15—Melody Moments 2:30—Foods, Facts, Fancies. 2:45—Maurine Mai tin, violinist. 3:00—Conceit Review. 4:00—The Wairen Family. 4-15—Campus Peisonalities. 4:30—Robert Pettiner, accordion. 4:45—-Stoiy Book Hour.
ki New Main
officers and new council members, pledging of “Sportswomen,” and presentation of class awards. According to Louise Daniels, WAA Social Chairman, all girls are invited to attend. Betty Smith and Catherine Himes, co-ticket chairmen, announced that the tickets, fifty cents apiece, will go on sale next week at the WAA office, residence halls, and rooming houses.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
FOR SALE
Jh a refreshing new role, Irene Dunne enacts a worldly wise luxury loving lady whose meeting with Chailes Boyer in “Love Affair” ignites a romantic conflict charged with love at first sight, intiigue, and drama. It is showing at the New Main Theatre.
WAA To Install Officers Af Annual Banquet ApriM 2 The Home Economics Cafeteria will be the scene of the annual WAA banquet Wednesday evening, Apiil 12, the week after spiing vacation. After the banquet, spoils pictuies taken eailier in the year will be shown. A legular feature of the wintei banquet is the installation of
FOR SALE—Flying club share. If interested call Bob Marshall at 4031.
Notices
Exponent Board Meeting: In confeience room of the Agricultuial Experiment Station at 4 -15 p m Tuesday, Maich 28 —STANBACK
Varsity Show Ticket ■'Salesmen: Turn in all tickets and money at Fowler Hall Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock. —YEOMAN
Reamer Club: Meeting 8 p n March 27 in loom F ot Union
Monday, -JACKS.
Purdue Religious Council: There will be no meeting on Monday —BRISCOE
Camera Fiends— Take Notice Spring is an excellent time for taking pictures. Stop in at your convenience and purchase all the necessary equipment.
HINEA'S
634 MAIN ST.
PHONE 7775
Music When You Want It
RCA Record Player $14.95 PRICE INCLUDES $7.50 WORTH OF VICTOR RECORDS Here is a value you cannot afford to overlook. This R.C.A. Record Player for $14.95, which includes $7.50 worth of Victor Records. It is electric and is uickly attached to your radio, giving the same full beauty of tone and volume that you derive from your radio THE FOSTER SHOP EAST SIDE SQUARE
PEP
No matter what sport you're participating in now. you'll need MILK to give, you that needed PEP and energy. Lay the foundation for an active life by drinking milk at every meal. Even the dairyman's family could have no finer products than those we leave on your doorstep every day.
SUNSHINE FARMS
807 N.4ih
Phone 5015
Airport Dance Committee: Meeting in the Union lounge Tuesday, March 28, at 6:46 p. m. —CHEVEDDEN.
Union. Assignment for co-ed edition. —WICKARD.
Student Senate: Very important meeting in the conference room of the Executive Building Tuesday, March 28, at 7:30 p. m. Be on time. —ELLIOTT.
Gold Peppers: Compulsoiy meeting Tuesday, March 28, at 6 p. m. in the WSGA office. Please be prompt. —COOLEY.
Penalty Days: The twenty-four hour periods from noon March 81 to noon April 1 and all day April 10 are penalty dates. Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the twenty-four hours immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shstll pay to the Cashier an extra fee of $5.00 for each twenty-four hour period or fraction thereof missed. —FISHER.
Poultry Club: Meeting at the Poultry Building Monday, March 27, at 7:30 p. m. —JENKINS.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, March 26. 7 :46 in room 2 of the Union. Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN.
Co-eds: Any girl wishing to petition for any WSGA office must have her petition in the hands of Mary Alice Learning at Residence Hall North by Sunday, March 26, at 6 p. m. —LEAMING. Freshmen Fencers: Will the following men report to the fencing room at 4 p. m. Monday, March 27^ to start the final round: Burl, Redhead, Seltenwright, Murray, Guyer, McConnell, Andeison, Partridge. Oakes, Parks, Abell, Ubell, and Croxall. —MEIER.
Delta Rho Kappa: Meeting Tuesday, March 28, at 7:30 p. m. in the old chestnut room of the Union. Speaker and refreshments. —HANNAS.
Freshman Engineering Students: Civil Engineering Camp announcement bulletins for 1939 may be obtained ih room 102, Civil Engineering Building. ^ (3-26) —LOMMEL./
Co-ed Exponent Staff; Meeting Monday, March 27, at 4 p. m. in room E of the
CE 59 Conditions: Examination for the removal of “C" grades will be given Saturday, April 16, at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. —WILEY.
Christian Science Organization: Special meeting wiH be held Tuesday, March 28 at 7 p m , in room C of the Union, because of Convocation —MACK.
^okL J<jVl SiifiaqiL For Perfect Protection A guaranteed fur storage that gives your fur coat the protection necessary to preserve it in perfect condition. m
Your Furs picked up by bonded, insured messenger service, fully protected in transit.
Thorough cleaning by scientific methods removes all trace of dirt and grime.
Careful glazing of furs brings out the beautiful luster, sheen and softness before storage.
Individual containers are provided for each fur coat with plenty of circulating space between furs.
Furs are stored in clean, moth-proof, freezing cold storage vaults — the ideal fur storage conditions.
You are protected by a bond that guarantees 100% satisfaction.. You take no chances with Steiger's Storage.
Use the Fur storage of no regrets — the finest scienific storage that keeps your furs in perfect condition. You pay no more for this superior storage. CALL 4935 TODAY Lafayette's Only Cold Storage Vault STEIGER'S FUR SHOP 530 MAIN STREET
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory 1
• Bookstores
• Professional
"DEAC" ’ Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST ll9Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Jewelers
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This la aH w« do, but wa do It weN. Oppoaita Poat Offtea Wallaca Block 322 Parry St.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RI5IC—O.D.S HAROLD j. RISK—D.D.$. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Bulldirw Ih and Main Phone 5701
• Locksmith
• Printing
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATI SHARPININ6 Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
SERVICE PJRINTING Office SUtlonery . ^ D 1 Wadding Invilallont PHONS ^ ***** ' ■ a«2S CASSEL’S 408tERRy
* U