V
mini Upsets Michigan; Purple^ Bucks^ ND Win
Wo/ver/nes Handed Irish Down Cadets, volume si. no. 49
'Setback Of Yea/ 14-0; Still Unbeaten
By Underdog lllini
Purdue Exponent
Z-IM
Sunday, November 5, 1939
Outplayed and outsmarted by a determined lllini eleven, the mighty Wolverines of Michigan fell from the ranks of the undefeated yesterday afternoon before a homecoming <jrowd of 30,000 at Champaign, Top'heavy favorites before game time, the Michigan lads fumbled their •way into a 16-7 Orange and Blue victory. lllini Come Back Illinois scored first when Captain Brewer booted a field goal in the opening seconds of the second quarter after the third Michigan fumble gave the lllini possession of the ball deep in Wolverine territory. Harmon scored a minute later for Michigan on a 35-yard pass from Strong to make the score 7-3. With minutes remaining. Smith tossed to Eettinger for the second lllini tally, and the half ended with Illinois out in front, 9-7. A fifth Michigan fumble gave Zuppke’s boys another chance to score in the final period and the lllini made good use of it. One of the oldest plays in football, the sleeper, caught Michigan fiatfooted and brought Illinois its second
Ohio State Still Rolling, Beats I. U. Ohio State’s Buckeyes rolled over a baffled Indiana eleven before 40,900 spectators at Columbus yesterday to remain undefeated in the Big Ten race, // Sparked by the running and passing of quarterback Don Scott, the Buckeyes smothered the vaunted Hoosier aerial attack and scored with comparative ease in the second and fourth quarters. Indiana was deep in Ohio territory only once, but failed to get anywhere when two plays lost 40 yards. The Scarlet and Gray opened their scoring in the second period when Zardwaney plufiged over from the three-yard marker. Thom made it 10-0 with a field goal and Scott brought the Buckeyes’ score up to 17 by knifing through the Indiana defense for 10 yards and a touchdown. Anderson intercepted an Indiana pass in the final period and brought the ball back to the Hoosier nineyard line. Fisher skirted left end for four yards and Anderson plunged the remaining distance. Thom converted to make the final score 24-0. YWCA Invites All Co-eds To Attend Picnic Supper All co-eds are invited to a picnic supper and campfire sponsored by YWCA on Thursday, November 9, at the WAA cabin. Tickets are 25 cents, and may be obtained from the YWCA office in the Union. Although transportation will be provided, those who wish to hike to the cabin may do so. The group will meet at 4 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Union, and everyone will be back by 7 o’clock. Committee chairmen are Edna Schwab, transportation; Jane Julian, food; Wilma Wierenga, tickets.
Before a crowd of 77,000 fans who jammed Yankee Stadium to ' the rafters, the Fighting Irish of Notre Dame added another page to their book of annual victories over Army by defeating the lads from West Point 14-0. It was the most decisive victory that the Irish have garnered this year and it continued their eight-year winning streak over the Cadets. The first quarter ended without a score, and it wasn’t until the middle of the second period that the Irish began to threaten. Finneran, Notre Dame center, recovered an Army fumble on the Cadets’ 31 and a minute later Stevenson tossed a 23-yard pass to Arboit for a first down on Army’s seven. ’’Crimmins failed to gain and then Stevenson swept around left end for a touch-
down.
After making a determined goalline stand in the third quarter, the Irish scored again when Bagarus intercepted an Army pass and ran 55 yards down the sidelines for the second Notre Dame score. DeCorrevant Leads Wildcats To Victory Over Gophers, 14-7 Completely ignoring a nine-year tradition, a fighting Northwestern football squad journeyed to Memorial Stadium in Minneapolis and defeated the highly touted Golden Gophers of Minnesota by a score of 14-7. It was the first time since 1930 that a Wildcat team has won on the Gophers’ home field. “DeCorv” Is Hot It was Bill DeCorrevant, highly publicized Wildcat back, who led the Purple and White gridmen to their third successive Big Ten triumph. The former Austin High flash romped 13 yards to the Minnesota threeyard line in the first quarter from where Don Clawson plunged over. With only four minutes remaining in the game and the score knotted up 7-7, it was Bill again that produced a score. This time he trotted 63 yards through the entire Minnesota team for what proved to be the winning tally. The Gophers scored in the second period when Van Every tossed a 40-yard pass to Swiegert who was downed on the five-yard line. Two plays later, Swiegert plunged over for the Gophers’ lone touchdown^ Margaret Mitchell, Ruth Hall To Address Training School Monday, Tuesday Sophomore training school sponsored by WSGA will hold its second meeting on November 8 and 9 at 4 p. m. in room C of the Union. Margaret Mitchell, chairman of the housing committee, and Ruth Hall, vice-president of WSGA and head of the vocational guidance program, will address the group. Training is given to sophomore co-eds who have a 8.5 scholastic average. At the conclusion of this series of meetings, girls will be acquainted with the activities of WSGA and will be prepared to work on the various committees which have been discussed.
Qom, 4: Riveters,0
Byelene Goes Off Left Tackle For Six Yards
—^Photo by Debris Mike Byelene, Boilermaker right halfback, cuts inside Iowa’s right end for six yards in the second quarter of yesterday’s Homecoming game at Ross-Ade Stadium. Leon DeWitte, number 32, is luading the way. Other players in the picture include Montague, 38; Andruska, 14; and Couppee, 30.
Religious Emphasis Week Opens Saturday Continues Till Nov. 17 Religious Emphasis Week activities will get underway on the University campus Saturday, November 11, and continue through Friday, November 17. Sponsored by a committee of 100 students and faculty and the Federal Council of Churches, the purpose of the week’s program is to arouse a more widespread interest in religion and to gain a more useful knowledge of the part religion can play in daily experiences. A visiting faculty of the nation’s and the world’s religious and educational leaders will be on hand to conduct seminars, hold personal conferences, and give lectures at convocations and other meetings. Purdue will be the first educational institution in Indiana to cooperate with the Federal Council of Churches in holding a Religious Emphasis Week. Last year, when similar weeks were first arranged, 28 American colleges and universities cooperated. Week’s Activities The activities for the week of religious emphasis will get under way Saturday afternoon and evening when the members of the committee of 100 students and faculty, together with the visiting leaders, will go to Dayton, Ind., where a retreat will be held at the Methodist Church. Sunday morning will find the religious leaders occupying the pulpits of a number of Lafayette and West Lafayette churches, especially those where large groups of stu-' dents attend. At 4 o’clock Sunday afternoon, the University commu-
30 Tickets . .. are yet available for the Military^ Ball, Friday night, November 17, in the Union ballroom, and may be obtained at the Armory daring tomorrow (Monday) morning. Come and get ’em! Wesley Players, Peace Fellowship Will Present Armistice Play Tonight Wesley Players and the University Peace Fellowship will combine to produce the annual Armistice play today at 8 p. m. in the Jefferson High school auditdrium. This year’s presentation will be “If This Be Treason,” a Theater Guild production written by John Hasmes Holmes that had a successful season in New York City thre^ years ago. Admission to the play is free, but reserved seats may be obtained at the Wesley Foundation office or by calling 6261. The story of the play concerns the activities of a president of the United States who did not believe in war and had an effective means for avoiding it. Formal Iriitiation ... of the Beta Sigma Psi fraternity was held last Thursday evening, at which time Robert Burgler of Niles, Mich., and Vernon Drorge of Laporte, were initiated into the fraternity.
nity will hold a reception for the visiting faculty in the Memorial Union building. That night there will be a convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall with Albert W. Palmer, president of the Chicago Theological Seminary, speaking on “The Religion of an Educated Man.”
Chicago Alumni Issue Invitation To Students For Annual Banquet Elaborate preparations have been made by the members of the Chicago Alumni Assocfation for their annual banquet to be held in the Edgewater Beach Hotel at 6:30 p. m. next Friday afternoon. The program for the banquet includes the appearances of such luminaries as Arch Ward, sports-^editor of the Chicago Tribune; K. B. Stewart, comptroller of the University; Noble Kizer, athletic director; and Purdue Coach Mai Elward, along with several members of the staff and department heads. Precedes Game As the banquet is to be held the night preceding the BoilermakerNorthwestern game, several members of the team will be guests of the association and will be introduced at the meeting. Additional entertainment will be furnished by performers from the Marine dining room of the Edgewater Beach Hotel and by the showing of the pictures of the Purdue-Minnesota game. Seniors Invited In view of the fact that the seniors will be in Chicago on an inspection trip and that a large delegation of undergraduate students will also be in the Windy City for the following day’s game, the Alumni Association has issued a special invitation for them to attend. In order to make it possible for the students to attend, special rates have been given them at the reduced price of $1.50. The Alumni Club is shouldering the losses sustained by this reduced price, asYhey are exceedingly anxious for all students to attend.
Boilermakers Lack Punch; Alert toward Make Own Breaks By Rolfe Jenkins Iowa, the team that shocked Boilermaker football fans by holding the Riveters to a scoreless tie last season, once again shut them out yesterday afternoon at Ross-Ade Stadium, but added insult to injury by making the Boilermakers do the scoring in their own 4-0 defeat. Statistics bear out the fact that it was the Hawkeyes all the way, as they more than doubled the Boilermaker totals in first downs, total net yards gained, and number of rushes, while showing a marked superiority in punt yardage and punt returns. It was the “once in a decade” brace of safeties which sent the Boilermakers down to defeat in their second conference game of the year and prevented them from climbing into second place in the Big Ten. The famous Kinnick-to-The Purdue Tippecanoe Alumni Association will sponsor the showing of the Purdue-Iowa football game motion pictures Monday night in the Union ballroom at 8 o’clock. AU faculty, townspeople, and students are invited to attend. Prasse combination was the least of the Riveters’ troubles. Successful in 30 out of 51 passing attempts during the first half of the season, the Hawkeyes could only complete one in eight tries- yesterday. Never “Arrived” For some reason the Boilermakers were imable to get started. Alert Hawkeye linemen were in on every play. Couppee led the Iowa backs down the field on repeated drives through the Boilermaker line, always keeping a step ahead of the defense to make 11 first downs and average three yards per running play. A solemn indication of coming disaster, an indication of the somber tone of the next 60 minutes of football, was the opening kick-off which traveled to the Iowa 43-yard line where it was downed by the Hawkeyes 17 yards from point of placement. , Iowa Away Immediately the Hawkeyes started the ball rolling with three successive first downs in the first five ininutes of the game, Einnick and Murphy doing the ball carrsfing. The drive was slowed down and the direction of advance reversed in the next series of downs on a penalty and a pass interception. The interception was the first of three first half Kinnick-to-Brown “pass plays” which made up Purdue’s main offensive. Jack Brown (Continued on page 3)
D. L Lamb^ Purdue Freshman^ Journeys One Day Ahead Of Second World War
by Jim McKee
Two months ago tomorrow, D. L. Lamb, freshman engineer, was awakened from his sleep, in a Warsaw hotel, by the explosion of bombs. The war, ahead of which he had been unknowingly traveling, had caught
up with him.
Lamb, who was enrolled in engineering here, left school the first of November last year to take a job with a construction company in Persia. There he worked for eight months helping construct oil refineries. His trip home, which took three months, carried him to 16 foreign countries and gave him fleeting glimpses of the Second World War now in progress. Don left his construction job on mi mi
the island of Abadan—an island in the delta of the Tigris and Euphrates rivers, where the two meet and enter the Persian Gulf—by boat, and travded to the ancient city of Bosra, the port of Sinbad the Sailor. From there he went by train to Baddad. His travel through the northern part of Iraq showed him a very
primitive people, living by very primitive means. Walled Cities of Iraq There hQ saw walled cities, the walls to protect the city from raids of roving bands of bedouin tribes. Whenever the train stopped, armed guards patroled the area around the
train until it pulled out. “The farms are tilled by hand. In the field one sees women working on their hands and knees, maybe a baby on their arm. Grain is cut by sickle, and oxen tramp the grain to beat out the kernels.” The homes are made of mud and thatch. Turkey proved very interesting. “The people dress very much as we do here in America. The men dress better. They wear well tailored suits, of the best grade, woolen materials. The styles are American, and very much up to date.” Stopping a Turk, Lamb asked how they came to know the latest American fashions ? “We go to American moving pic-
tures, and then we dress like they do in Hollsrwood,” was the answer. The Arab people are a very large, big-boned, muscular, sober-faced but happy people. “It is not uncommon to see an Arab pick up and cari-y 400 pounds,” said Lamb. “The Persians, although of the same racial origin, are physically weak, small-boned, short people, and probably couldn’t carry 50 pounds.”. “All the Turkish women looked alike to me, as if they had all been cast from the same die.” Turkish Capital New Ankara, the Turkish capital, is a very new city, according to Lamb, having new buildings, large public
parks, modern apartments, and wide streets and boulevards. The latest American cars are driven. The trip through the Balkan countries was uninteresting for the most part, only a few cities catching Lamb’s fancy. The muddy-yel-low “beautiful Blue Danube”, flawing through Budapest, was interesting. “The buildings of the city were not, as I had thought I’d find them. To me they weren’t beautiful. They looked like dirty pigeon roosts to me,” he said. In Budapest it was hard to find anyone able to speak English. '“I can’t speak or write any language but English| I found restaurants the hardest places to be un-
derstood in. I would have to look at something someone else was eating; then find out what it was called; and then order it. If I couldn’t do this, I just pointed to something on the menu and prayed.” Hungary and Poland were the two countries Lamb found the ihardest countries jto find English-speak-ing people in. “In the Scandinavian coimtries, especially Denmark, many people speak English. The American movies have done a great deal to bring this about.” Russia and Germany were the only coutntries Lamb -dsited that did not have (Continued on page 4)*?^
(af
W"
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday* November 5. 1939
l/oixJL of th^ Pcmpumdu
Thanks, To 'Jak©^
Freshman Engineers To Take Special Set Of Tests November 7
All freshman engineers will be excused from their classes Tuesday afternoon so that they may take a special set of tests to be given at that time. In 1919 the University, cooperating with the Society for Promotion of Engineering Education, conducted a set of tests in arithmetic, alegbra, geometry, intelligence, physics, technical information, and English to determine the relative training that freshmen had received in college. These same tests with the exception of the intelligence test were given in 1929. They will be given Tuesday to determine how the quality of this year’s freshmen compares with those of 1919 and 1929. Freshmen will report promptly according to the following schedule: Surnames from A-0 report to Fowler Hall, from P-U report to the auditorium in the Home Economics building, and from S-Z report to room 129 of the Electrical Engineering building. All students should bring compass and rule and report promptly at 1 o’clock.
WBAA
Monday
11:00—History of the 19th Century, Prof. A. L. Albjerg 11:60—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:16—Sports Review 12:30—Limcheon Dance Time 12:46—Town Crier 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:16—Mrs. Jewel Cox, pianist 1:30—Story Time, Joyce Burnham 1:46—Market Reports 2:00—Magic Carpet 2:16—Mary Louise Switzer, pianist 2:30—Foods—Facts—Fancies 2:46—Dorothy Downing 3:00—Little Red Schoolhouse of the Air 3:30—Scientific News Review 3:46—^Religious Emphasis 4:00—American Family Robinson 4:30—Carol Mae Iddings 4:46—Story Book Hour
Follow Your “EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WBAA Taoeday, Friday—4:16
Dear Editorial Director: I'm not sure whether you will be able to use this item or not, but regardless, I should like to get this to somebody. As a freshmen last year, I met many campus leaders and personalties, and of course, many were presented to me through campus meetings, etc. Of all those I came in contact I haven’t any doubt as to the most outstanding—one that in my opinion is one of the swellest fellows that I have ever met. One who helped me, as well as countless other freshmen through that bewildering first year — his name as you might guess is Leon Jacobson, or “Jake” as he is known to his countless number of campus friends. Well, as you might know now, Jake has been forced to leave the University because of a continued illness. At a time like this, when he is forced to leave all of his friends and acquaintances, I know that an acknowledgment of all of his outstanding work for the University and its students would help no end. I think that you will agree with me in saying that he really is deserving of it. Yes, a word of cheer, a hope for a speedy recovery and a quick return to Purdue has been well earned, and sincerely, I’m sure that it would be well appreciated. Sincerely yours, BOB BRYAN.
Epic poems were once in style Witness Homer’s Uliad— And like nil good things that pass away Theya’r back in style again. Gee it almost rhymes. To back up the rash statement made above we present two precise but unconcise definitions: SOUR GRAPES I
SOUR GRAPES II
Women are what men marry. They have two feet. Two hands, Two minds— Adverse and reverse— And sometimes two husbands Mostly Generally speaking. They may be divided into five classes: Wives, Old maids. Widows, Grass widows, And chickens.
UAL BOACH rOFPER TAKES A TRIP
CONSTANCE BENNEH ROLAND YOUNG
— AND —
''ALEXANDER GRAHAM BELL' — WITH — DON AMECHE LORETTA YOUNG —ALSO — MICKEY MOUSE
Purdue Exponent
K. B. Inalcr-.—
■. Smith
Men are what women marry. They have two feet. Two hands. And sometimes two wives. But they never have more than one dollar Or one idea at a time. Generally speaking. They may be divided into three classes: Husbands, Bachelors, And widowers. Husbands are of three varieties: Prizes, Surprises, And consolation prizes.
If you join the gayeties And approve of his smoking And drinking He says you are driving him to hell; If you don’t approve. He vows you are snobbish and nice.
.. Bdltoivlii-CM«f BnaIncM Manacar
O. G. Tarrio .. Editorial Dlreetor 6. W. Fraderlek „ . - -JUanaKins Editor E. M. Antoiilnl..-Senior Adrertlaliw Bfanaror G. Sehillintf _..Co-ed Editor R. JonUna Sporta Edtlor Phonaa: Editorial, 460S: Bnainaaa, 6088:
Sporta, 2708
THE BAOWSf/?
Pablfaihed dailp except Hopday darinp tho aeademio year. Entered aa aaeond claaa Blatter at the iKwt office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Ck>nKresa of March 8, 1870, and at the apeeial rata of poatage proelded for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, anthorlxed January 20, 1022. National AdvertiainK Representatlecs: National Adeertlains B«yie% Iaa« 4M Hail* ton Avenue, New York, N. Y. Member Asaoclated ColleKlate Preaa. This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opfoions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director. Delivered by carrier, $8 per academic year; by mail, 88.60. Business office located at 812 N. Fifth Street: editorial office. Union Building; sports office. Field House.
If you flatter a man. You frighten him to death. If you perroit him to n^ke love to you. He gets tired of you in the end; If you don’t permit him to make love to you. He will get tired of you in the beginning. If^you believe all he tells you. He thinks you are foolish; And if you don’t. He thinks you are a cynic.
A man is just a worm in the dust— He comes along. Wriggles about for a time, And finally some chicken grabs him.
at the height of her glory yesterday with all the “corn-husking” lads from Iowa in town. Don’t forget that Indiana is a “corn” state, too, Mary. —B&B— We are quite positively informed that the KKG girls have gone in for hog raising. Or, have they gone in for having dates with live porkers ? Some of their serenades may sound so much like hog-calling contests that they finally snared a real hon-est-to-goodness piglet Friday night. Sorta’ hard on the furniture, isn’t it girls ? A Purdue ed wouldn’t be nearly so hard on the springs, or would he? Remember, girls, it’s easier to land a sucker than it is to land a hog ! ! ! —B&B— HERE’S THE STORY! Someone placed a live 150-pound hog in the vestibule of the Kappa house Friday night. One of the girls opened the door into the main part of the house and the porker scampered into the Kappa living room. What a mess that was! After the Kappa girls loved the porker until tired, the ATO boys gently but firmly ejected the hog from the house to a garage next door. No one seems to know where the porker came from and since it was dead the next morning he can never tell. Seems like the girls were kinda hard on the poor fellow. Take heed, you Purdue eds!
By John Strange On the “latest book” table, we find this tribute to aviation, “Wind, Sand, and Stars” by Antoine de Saint Exupery. The story begins as the author starts to fly the French air mail service. It progresses in an interesting fashion through a series of vivid episodes portraying the courage of men as they face the many and varied dangers of an air route over the treacherous mountains of Spain, the burning sands of the Sahara, and open expanses of water. This book holds one spell-bound as the author fights his way through hurricane winds over an ocean; as he describes the tranquility and magic of an old South American house and its colorful occupants. Author’s Adventures
Wives are of three varieties: Hags and nags, and wags. If you flatter a woman she believe you. If you curse her she leaves you Cause she’s so gullible. If a woman looks young she’s old. If she looks old she’s young. If she looks back don’t follow her. First she is just an egg. Then comes the life of a chicken Wherein she catches a worm. Then age creeps on And she is now a hen. Peck—Peck—Peck—^W reck. Women are Fickle creatures And sometimes Pickled creatures. The ones who give you a piece of their mind Are usuall the ones who cannot spare it. Someone said: He who laughs last is a bachelor. —B&B— Mary Mangold should have been
THE WOHDER SHOW OF SHOWS!
TODAY - MONDAY
EXTRA
LUHA
POPEYE CARTOON 2 REfLS in COLOR 'ALADDIN and His LAMP'
MAid
STARTING TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
IT'S ANOTHER FOUR DAUGHTER'S HIT!
And Everylhings New but Their Charm th,en ever . . . Sweeter than ever . . Before!
. . They're Gayer Better than ever
HERE’S A NEW AND BETTER PICTURE WITH THAT COULDN’T-BE-BETTER CAST!
(Jm^igeou^
JOHN GARFIELD
CLAUDE RAINS
JEFFREY LYNN-PAY BAINTBR DONALD CRISP • MAY ROBSON Frank McHugh * Dtck Fortn
dnd Tkt Four D^uikttri
PRISCILLA LANE ROSEMARY LANE
LOLA LANE GALE PAGE
PLUS
THE KING OF SPEED! MASTER OF THRILLS!
Col. Roscoe Turner, the World's Greatest Speed Flyer — Hits a New High for Thrills in this Fast Moving Drama Of "Men With Wings."
FLIGHT AT MIDNIGHT
IT'S FIRST RUN HIT
— WITH — Phil Regan - Jean Parker Robert Armstrong
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Llehty
It is Sain Exupery at his finest with all his sparkle and zest as a modern philosopher. From a headlong crash in the middle of the desert, the author and his mechanic crawl unharmed but without food and water. The sufferings they have, and the hiner feelings of a man as he knows the pangs of thirst are described in a crystal-clear style. One of the highlights of the story is the happenings of a Moorish slave when he is freed with a small fortune in his hands. In the latter part of the story one IS brought to see the greatness and yet the futility of the men in the throes of the civil uprising in Spain. It is a sensation to read how the actual hand-to-hand fighting takes place—the friendliness between enemies—the actual portrayal of men about to face certain death. The quality of this book is something memorable and pleasing, presenting a true picture of the world in which the airman lives.
"Didn’t learn anything today that would interest you. Momall we talked about was our lessons.”
Dr. G. H, Cutler
. . . assistant chief of agronomy, has received some canned vegetable soybeans grown for human use. The beans aiTived here yesterday from a company that has cooperated in the experimental work of growing and processing the beans. '
Dr. Cutler has made remarkable progress in the bean breeding program here during the last few years and some of the results obtained by him have attracted national attention. Several strains of exceptional merit have been developed in the work of which the Hokaido is the outstanding table variety.
Exactly 260 colleges and universities are participating in the pilot training program of the Civil Aeronautics Authority.
Now PLAYING
great man of Kience u«e> all hi* |
genius to bring this man back to life In one final effort to prove Kience greater than love. And yet, the sound of o girl’s voico, the touch of her lips, the all. i powerful strength of her love, ore more potent than oil the wealth of this master surgeon’s genius LLOYD C. DOUGLAS'
DISPUTED PASSAGE
DOROTHY LAMODR . AKIM TAMIROFF JOHN HOWARD ' WILLIAM COLLIER, Sr.
Starts TODAY
i•i
mmm
«. >, W» -* p.w>»^ vS-^!-- 9>bi^<V'> Vw-l-a '^-»cs 4^-fc-*¥^^'*ft&!l»».iW«.«4«'fr»i ?4tA'>i.
Suiiday< November 5> 1939
£xponsLnL Spo^ fiaqsL
Hawk Prasse Victim Of Brown
v3ovi
1/ /
Se
emor'6
JhSL fijjUvduJL TnsmiydciL UnJum. The Comer of the Campus--Yet the Center of Acdvides
Iowa’s great captain, Prasse, was more than bottled up yesterday by Jack Brown, who stole every heave directed at this famous pass catcher. Famous for the Prasse, of the Kinnick-to-Prasse combination, Captain Prasse was in a back seat offensively.
fuJdaJliL. QhoksL o By Robert J. Deckard An Old Gold and Black football team from Indiana fingered noses at a squad of 28 Gold and Black pigskinners froift Iowa before game time yesterday afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium and today it wishes instead that it had given the corn-belt ^eam a loving pat o1^ the back. —^fc— There was an established fact traveling around in circles in the vicinity of the Old Gold and Black’s university—^Purdue—^that the Boilermaker' gridiron contingent would make the Gold and Black—^lowa— eat from its hands. But it was a different story . . . Dr. Eddie Anderson’s Hawkeyes out-ran, out-punted, in short, outplayed the pre-game favorites, the Boilermakers. —fc— The factor that supposedly was to play a main part in yesterday’s Boilermaker nightmare—^passing— was a dismal flop ... Although both sides resorted to passing only late in the second half, neither club looked impressive via the ozone. The Boilermakers attempted 11 passes, while the Hawkeyes made eight, but the former garnered only four to the I’s one. The Iowa aerial attack failed to materialize, and Purdue’s just looked fair. —^fc— Sports authorities before game time figured that the Boilermaker forward line and secondary were definitely better than the visitors . . . But the corn-belt team turned in a remarkably different performance, putting Coach Mai Elward’s stalwarts on the defensive throughout the entire game. \ —^fc— Probably the two most outstanding men on the field yesterday were on the Iowa squad ... Nile Kinnick, reputedly the best passer in the conference, and A1 Couppee, quarterbacker de luxe, were ever a pain in Boilermaker necks . . . Kinnick, the Corn-belt Comet, ran and punted the potato with such vehemence that he made Boilermaker backs look colder than a pump handle in January . . . Couppee’s play was just as sterling, his blocking making him a quarter to be respected throughout the remainder of the season. —^fc— Outside of several miscues. Jack Brown, Boilermaker left half, stood out as the leader of PU’s offensive . . . and defensive . . . His 62-yard runbacks of Iowa passes in the first half were to be marveled at... Lon Brock, Mike Byelene, and Leon DeWitte played their parts fairly well as did Fred Montague, quarter, who led the Boilermakers during most of the game.
Phone 3085
Why be a "Frump"? Or spend much cash, all in one lump? Regular Cleaning will keep you out Ahead at least one jump! Phone NOW for Pick-Up. American Laundry West Side Office 132 Vine St.
lawn, 4; Riveters, 0 (Continued from page 1) caught the ball on the Boilermaker six-yard line and returned it to the exact point from which the Iowa drive started after the kickoff, the 43-yard line of the Hawkeyes. First Period Wind-up Following DeWitte’s fumble Kinnick threw another pass to Jack Brown, who was tackled as he caught the ball on the Purdue 36. Twice during that period Brock quick-kicked, once on the second down and once on the third, cutting the total number of rushes in the first half to 14, as compared to 35 for Iowa. Four more Hawkeye first downs ended the opening quarter with the ball in Iowa’s possession on the Boilermaker 29. The intermission was not enough to slow the visitors. It took a pass interception by Brown on the goal line to stop the Hawkeyes after two more first downs. Byelene’s pass to Rankin and short gains by Brown and De Witte gave the Boilermakers their first first down of the afternoon. Brown, two plays later, tossed a pass to Rankin for another first down, and Byelene threw a long one to Montague for one more before the half ended, with the score 0-0, but leaving no doubt as to the supremacy of Iowa up to that time. Dull Third Quarter The third quarter was the only even period played. Neither tbam made a first down; the Boilermakers had possession of “the ball on their own 28 as the fourth period opened. Galvin tried to punt dn the third down as the fourth period began, but the kick was blocked and recovered by Enich on the Purdue threeyard line. The Hawkeye attempt to score provided alumni their only solace of the afternoon as the Boilermakers held Kinnick for four downs, taking the ball over inside the two-yard line. The moment of exultation was shockingly short-lived. On the next play came the first score of the day when the pass from center was fumbled and the Iowa line surged through to tackle Brown before he had returned with it to the line of scrimmage. Six minutes later Brown’s punt was blocked by Bergstrom and DeWitte fell on it back of the goal for another safety. That Was All Iowa stalled out the last minute of the game, and 22,000 fans left the stadium knowing that they had ^seen a brilliant Iowa team lick a Boilermaker squad which never reached the form it showed in the first two games of the game. Honor in defeat goes to such consistent performers as Frank By-/-M Schedules TOUCHBALL—MONDAY Field Official 2— Ward 2 vs Ward 14 Brinduse 3— ^Ward 6 vs. Ward 13 Papurca 4— Ward 11 vs. Ward 7. Benna 6—Ward 8 vs. Ward 28 Luce 6— ^Ward 26 vs Ward 27. Leppla 7— Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 14. McGrath 8— Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 10. Mann 9— Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 6. Close 10— Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 13. Adams 11— Cary Hall 11 vs. Cary Hall 16. Greey 12— Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 12. Sroka
Riveter Squad Points For Northwestern Game
Dependable Frank
. . . Bykowski, who with Dave Rankin, provided the only trace^ of spark and fire observable in the Purdue forward wall during the Iowa nightmare yesterday.
kowski, who played his heart out at guard; Fred Montague, blocking quarterback, who shook the frame of Kinnick on the ffourth down , when the Hawkeyes were on the ^ ■ two - yard line; Basil Petry, who turned in more of his vicious tackles; Dave Rankin, who snagged passes and did DeWitte his part on defense; Jim Miller, who hit ball carriers on nearly half the Iowa plays; Leon DeWitte, and little Mike Byelene. Couppee, Kinnick Did It For Iowa, Field General Couppee was co-starred with Kinnick, assisted by Greene, McLain, Murphy, and Dean, who played good offensive ball, while Pettit, Andruska, Enich, Evans, and Bergstrom were defensive stalwarts. One win, three losses and a tie compose the record for the Boilermakers up to this point in the season. Three Big Ten teams remain on the schedule for the next three Saturdays, all three playing on their home fields. They are, in order. Northwestern, Wisconsin, and Indiana. Sigma Delta Psi Tryouts Sigma Delta Psi tryouts will be held in the stadium this afternoon at 4 o’clock. Keller, official examiner, wilhfie in charge and will record the performances of any ambitious all-around athletes.
UNDB0f fon Dr
If
you should ose
j^oessi 7 ,kln .ex'*' OtNHBVS
or Choose °";^„„,,oorownsk,nta„e. Brilliant. Oeep^ ^250 ond
LOEB &HCNC COMPANY
Renewing one of the most colorful series in the Big Ten next Saturday at Dyche Stadium, the Boilermaker gridmen will clash with a powerful Northwestern eleven that is expected to be at the peak of its form for the Armistice Day encounter. The Wildcats, conquerors of Minnesota yesterday, will be fighting for a share of the conference title and are a more experienced team than that which was pushed around by Oklahoma and Ohio State earlier in the season. Ever since a fall day back in 1931 when the Boilermakers defeated the Wildcats, 7-0, in a post-season charity battle in Soldier’s Field to deprive Northwestern of the undisputed Big Ten championship, the series has been marked by exceptionally keenly contested games. Games in which the experts have been confounded as frequently as they have been confirmed. Next week’s tussle will mark the 25th renewal of the series, with Northwestern “one up” as a result of the much-discussed fumble that gave the Wildcats a 14-7 victory two years ago. To date, Purdue holds 11 wins to Northwestern’s 12; one game ended in a tie. In one of the interesting sidelights of the game, two former high school stars who drew 100,000 fans to Soldier’s Field for a'post-season charity game two years ago, may face each other on the turf of Dyche Stadium next Saturday. Bill DeCorrevont, former Austin high school star, has been doing a considerable amount of ball-toting for the Wildcats, while Johnny Galvin, late of Leo high, has turned in some excellent relief duty for Jack Brown on the Boilermaker eleven. Riveter Harriers Defeat Wayne Team Breaking into the victory column for the first time this season, after losses to Pittsbm‘gh, Indiana, and Wisconsin, the Riveter cross country team easily outdistanced a strong sextet of “iron men” from Wayne University of Detroit to win a decisive 21-36 victory. The race was held yesterday morning between halves of the Purdue frosh versus Purdue frosh game with a group of Homecoming visitors cheering the Boilermakers to victory. Ed Holderman, stellar Riveter distance man, who has broken the tape ahead of all competitors in three of the team’s four meets, led the squad to victory by virtue of the fast time of 19 minutes and one second. Holderman’s only defeat this season came as a result of the amazing run by Wisconsin’s AllAmerican distance man, Walter Mehl, in last week’s meet at Madison. Following “Mercury” Holderman to the tape in yesterday’s meet by a distance of about 300 smrds was the Riveters’ number two distance man. Chuck Reeves. Mac White and Bob Jarvis finished in fourth and sixth positions respectively, to account for the remainder of the Boilermaker total. As this was the first intercollegiate meet to be held over the new cross country course, the time set by Holderman automatically becomes a course record. However, the winning time is considerably lower than any previous time that has ever been turned in during practice sessions.
MARS —ONE DAY ONLY—MATINEE AND NIGHT SAT., NOV. 18
A GEORGE ABBOTT HIT I
•(ffrtnt
JACKIE COOGAN \ wItA FRANK McOLVNN at otwN • evmuA Bomui
• A stage Play •
DIRECT rROIR BROADWAY MAIL ORDERS NOW Mat. 5S-83-1.10-1.6S-2.Q0 Eve. 83-1.t0-l.«5.2.00.2.S0
—^Ta* iiwiegad --
SEASON RESERVATIONS FbR THE FOUR STAGE PLAYS MAY STILL SB PURCHASED AT A GREAT SAVIH^
ADM.r i ‘
> “
r. 4'^T
4
rIi «
<>4^^
?*ni
THE .PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, November 5, 1939
D. L Lamb Journeys
Continued from page 1) the Ameiican movies. Both these countries produce then own films. Vienna Not Gaj “Vienna was not the gay city I expected to find it One thing that I was told is diffeient in the city now that Hitler has taken it over is that the people diive their cars on the right side of the street, as they do in Germany. One heard no comment one V ay or the othei about the Geiman lule.” “The gayest city I found was Berlin ” (Lamb was in Berlin for about a A\eek preceding the outbreak of the war.) “I had expected to find the people poor, food scarce, and that I would have to be careful of what I said and how I acted. This was not so. The people were happy, healthy, and well fed. They seemed to have plenty of money to spend. The night life was gay. “I saw whole families at beer gardens in the evenings. In one beer garden, ‘The Vaterland’, a Gei’inan orchestia w'as playing German folk songs. The people began swaying with the music. As the tunes went on they began to swing their mugs and tap the tables with them Before long they were standing, swaying back and forth. As the tune ended, they were jigging on the table tops, swinging mugs as they sang. This was a week before the outbreak of hostilities. “The people didn’t seem to know war was coming. The people, generally speaking, believe wholeheartedly with Hitler. Before I left Berlin I had heard a little_ of the alliance with Russia. Small headlines in the paper told of the trouble w’ith the Poles, but it wasn’t played up. I had to have the headlines translated for me.”
Left Germany Aug. 24 Lamb left Germany the 24th of August. He tried to enter Poland by way of Prague, but German officials were not allowing tourists into that newly acquired area. When he arrived in Poznan, Poland, he found the train station jammed wnth persons trying to go inland, toward Warsaw, away from the border. The Poles seemed to sense the impending danger. Between Poznan and Warsaw Lamb saw two trainloads of soldiers heading for the front. They had no uniforms or equipment, but were making a great deal of noise. It seemed to him that about a quarter of them were drunk. When he arrived in Warsaw men and women were digging trenches m public parks and vacant lots. This continued the nine days he was in the city. The people seemed to be going about their business very much as usual. One didn’t see much mobilization, except for the very fine horses that continually filled the streets. “It seemed to me that the dry season Poland was having in a way defeated them. In many cases the Germans advanced faster than the Poles could retreat. The country is usually very marshy. That’s where the horses come in so handily.” Complete Blackouts “At night thei’e was a complete blackout of the city. Black cardboard and paper were pasted over windows. Adhesive tape was
striped on plate glass windows to prevent shattering. Cars and streetcars navigated the streets, lit only by dim, blue lights. The city was very well policed. “Air raids came from four to 10 times a day, lasting from 20 minutes to an hour and a half. From SIX to a dozen planes would take part in the bombing. “When I tried to get out of town it was very hard. I wanted to head for Russia. When I finally obtained my ticket and arrived at the station, there were over 2,000 persons waiting" for the tram. As it pulled in, people literally climbed in through windows and doors. I had a ticket for a second class compartment, but was more than glad to take third class standing room. That first night I stood on one leg, not being able to get the other to the floor. The following night I slept on a baggage rack. “German planes bombed.the train track ahead of us, and it took two extra days to leach Keive, via the detours. “One woman on the train I talked to was from Persia. She had been on her way to visit her parents in Pans, but had been turned back by the war. Twenty years before she had been on a similar visit to Paris, and had been turned back by the Russian Revolution.” " 10 Days in Russia The Soviet was mobilizing troops during Lamb’s 10 day stay m Russia. It took five days to obtain a visa and ticket for Finland. “I left Russia at 10 p. m., September 16. At dawn the following morning Russia invaded Poland. Like the Germans before the invasion of Poland, the Russians had no idea that war was imminent.” Would Go Back Finland is the country to which Lamb would return if he were again to return to the old country. The trip home from Copenhagen took 17 uneventful days, by way of the north Atlantic route.
Two Frosh Teams Perform Yesterday; 'Golds' Triumph, 7>0
Two freshman football teams, the “Golds” and the “Blacks,” provided the alumni and student body with a well-played football game on the varsity practice field yesterday morning with the “Gold” eleven winning, 7-0. The “Black” club, however, was not outplayed; as a matter of fact, the “Black” team gained more yardage than the “Gold” group, but numerous fumbles when near pay dirt caused dissention in the blackjerseyed ranks. The only score of the game came late in the second quarter, G. J. Blair, a halfback from Henderson, Ky., took a long high punt on his own 25-yard line and after zig-zagging back and forth among the opposition he completed 76 yards for a score. Little Carl Potenza, 128-pound giant quarterback from East Hartford, Conn., tossed a nice pass to L. J. King, an end from Crown Point.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supple®*
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th 6 Main Phona 5701
"DiAC" Everything for a College Education
• —"— ' • Florists
• Hardware
% Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flower* Mein at 7th Phene 6050
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St Phone 4354
• Locksmith
• Dairy Products
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phena 282*
M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 462M
The question— “Why the Smile?”
The Answer— He just found out how to save money.
He is going to take advantage of the $4.00 price on the 1940 DEBRIS.
$4.00 till November 10
CDsbMA, “^ompbdsL (^amfuidi. CovafusujiL'
The Harvard University chapter of Phi Beta Kappa has voted to have “spirituous liquors” at its annual banquets. Louisiana State University has been placed on probation for six nnonths as regards federal student aid.
Senior Debris Pictures: All seniors who have not had senior pictures taken notify Bill Strong, editor, in the Debris office before Tuesday, November 7. He will arrange ^r a time to go to Indianapolis. • —STRONG.
Reamer Club: All actives and pledges who are in town Monday, November 6, meet in room F at 8 p. m. Bring any Mascot money which hasn’t been turned in yet. —REILEY
PIA Membership Workers: All PIA membership books should be turned in to the office by Monday, November 6. —DUE
NOTICES
Exponent Sophomore Co-eds: There will be a short meeting Monday afternoon, November 6, at 4 p. m., in the office. Assignments for co-eds will be given on Wednesday afternoon, November 8. —SCHILLING.
Classified Ads
‘•lit
Religious Council: Meeting Monday, Novembei 6, at 4 p m. in room C of the Union. —SWOPE
FOR RENT CARS FOR RENT—Call Russ at 71644 after six evenings. Minimums rates as low as $2.50 for all night.
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Exponent Sophomores: Will the following editorial sophomores who are now working one night each week please phone me at 5089 or leave additional night preferences in my box, before Sunday, November 5 Jobs as issue editor will be assigned: Don Wasson, Bob Moss, Bob Carpenter.
ME 61862: An examination for removal (If conditions will be given in each of these courses on Saturday, December 2, at 1 p m. in room 801 ME building. Those intending to take either of these examinations notify me before November 26. —BOLZ
FqR
SALE
TYPEWRITERS—All makw. ftaadaid and portable, sold, pnrohaaed, rented and repaired. New portable maohinea as law as 120.76. Supplies. O. F. Ebenrshoff, 6W Main Street.
Outing Club: Hike scheduled for Monday, October SO, has been postponed till Sunday, November 6. For reseravtions and details call George Shawkins, 66714, or Marjorie Ward, 41111. —WARD.
Undergraduate Dames: There will be a meeting at 7:30 Tuesday evening, November 7, in room F of the Union building. —DENZLER
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Monday afternoon, silver wristwatch, Luor make. Phone 5828. lUward.
Reamer Club: All silver football helmets must be turned in to me at Cary Hall North before this evening •—RICE
LOST—Green steamer trunk. Supposedly delivered to wrong address by Yellow Cab. Call 66102, Patterson. Reward.
Fijala Can Pitch Although the favored “Gold” eleven walked off with the win, the showing of the “Black” troup was impressive, especially the beautiful passing of Frank Fijala of Pittsburgh. Time and time again, Frank put the leather in the hands of his receivers and about half of the time, his receivers dropped perfect passes. One of Fijala’s passes was completed to a 140-pound quarterback. Art Simpson of Lafayette, for a touchdown, but the play was called back due to holding. Give that Fijala a couple of ends, and he’s going to pass the conference dizzy. As far as defense is concerned, the play of a center, Charles Ehrlich of Lorain, O., and an end, Bill Schimer of South Port, stood out for the “Black” team.
DEAC—says welcome back to old Purdue where you spent the happiest 4 years of your life. Take home a Purdue Souvenir from
H. G. "Deac" REISNER
n
STUDENT BOOK SUPPLY STORE
Loeb’s Dancing Shoes
Just in time for the gay round of formal dances, comes this showing of gorgeous, smart evening slippers in all the newest styles. A choice of materials and color—gold kid, silver kid, brocade, white satin and black satin.
We will tint shoes free to match any evening wrap.
$5.00
Sizes—3V2 to 9 Widths—^AAA to B
Heels are low, medium and high.
i
323-329 Columbia Street'
Phone 50!1