’ i
't',:' ■ \ ” ( Indiana, 52; Wabaih; 0 Iowa, 7; Wisconsin, 5 Minn., 64; Nebraska, 0
' - K
(
','v
V . ^
Mich., 21; N'wesfern, % Ohio St., 34; Missourf, 6 N. D.,55; Georgia T., 13
]^tablished 1889
Where's Illinois?
Volume 56, No. 62
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, October 3, 1943
Riveters Victorious In First Conference Tilt, 40-21
Butkovich Scores
_ , Four Touchdowns; Derby For BuscemiAlsoTallies
County Will Hold Surprise Blackout This Week
Lights Will Go Out Between 7:30, 10:30 Tippecanoe Civilian Defense Council of which Paul F. Royster is chairman, has planned a test blackout on either October 4th, 5th, 6th.or 7th between 7:30 p. m. and 10:30 p. m. When the signal does come, everyone is asked to co-operate by turning off all building lights except exit lights and a minimum number of corridor lights. Ground floor lights in the Chemical and Metallurgical
Engineerings, Physics, Electrical Engineering, and Mechanical Engineering buildings are to be left lighted. Lights are to remain out until street lights come on again, the campus boulevard lights stop blinking, or until notified by Police or, wardens. Failure to observe blackout regulations will be reported by Air Raid Wardens. However, full co-operation is certain
J. L Bray Foretells Shortage
“Something should be done to
from members of the University awaken us to our wasteful Ameriwho have managed dates on those can way of living”, said Dr. J. L. nights., Bray yesterday, speaking on “StraWarnings will be given by the Materials before a gi’oup of siren, mounted on the power plant, engineers in class,
and other whistles in Lafayette.
Meanings Listed
During the blackout everyone will
At the present time ther^ are 18 metals, 40 chemicals and 45 miscellaneous products on the strate-
, , ,, .. . . gic materials list of the United be under the authority of the Air , , .cu-u
m, 'States government, many of which Raid Warden in their district. The
signals to be given and their meanings are as follows: 1. The first audible signal ordinarily will be a steady note of siren or whistle for 2 minutes. At this signal all buildings, home, store and street lights will blackout. Traffic signals will remain on. Leave your radio on. Pedestrian and vehicle movemfint permitted. Prepare to
seek shelter.
^'2. When you
are there because of waste and improper handling of scarce materials. Aluminum Vanishing Rapidly “Aluminum is an example,” said Dr. Bray. The United States is at present producing 950,000 tons per year chiefly from high grade ores mined in Dutch and British Guiana. But, that supply of ore is fast diminishing so that now we have only a four year supply left. “We were entirely dependent on that region
hear a warbling Germans sank half of our
note of Siren or choppy blasts of ships,” said Dr. Bray, whistle for 2 minutes, all lights g^gg gj g^.g^ ^j^g ^g ^j,g must be blacked out. Vehicles must j^gj^ gf stockpiles, an early winter stop and discharge passengers, jjg^ allow time for the ore boats everybody take cover and keep radio j-g accumulate enough material to on. keep the furnaces busy until next
3. When you hear a steady note spring.
of siren or whistle for 2 minutes fol- Tin Situation Eases
lowing the warbling or choppy sig- “Tungsten is at present being nal all lights except traffic signals brought out of China in aeroplanes,” must remain out, but pedestrians Dr. Bray stated, “and is helping to may leave shelter and vehicular make up the deficiency of 2000 tons movements may be resumed. per year which we cannot produce. 4. No audible all clear signal will The tin situation which at one time be given. When street lights go on was highly publicized is easing or when notified by wardens or po- nicely with a smelter now in operalice, resume normal activities im- tion in Texas”, but they seem to be mediately. Lights may go on. producing quantities of nickel-alloy Signals Not In Sequence ^t^el. “Where they get it, I don’t The signals may not be given in he said. “The easiest way to -the above sequence. The signal .in Germany from becoming powparagraph 2 may be given without ^rful is to cut off off her nickel sup-
the one in paragraph 1 having been P*^; , ,
given. All clear may come after the Wasted oil through its use for signal in paragraph 1, but the sig- ^^^l is one of the economic causes nal in paragraph 3 will always fol of f^e war.’ he stated. “And where-
AM Will Meet Here Thursday For Inspection Tour October meeting of the Central Indiana Section of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers will be held here at the University Thursday. During the afternoon and evening meetings pieces, of research will be inspected and some time will be devoted to the regular classroom and laboratory equipment in certain fields of interest to the group. The campus tour will include inspection of the University airpoi’t, aeronautical engineering, fluid mechanics, and mechanical engineering laboratories. In addition, there will be special demonstrations on measurement of high frequency pressures, stress corrosion in steels, shadow method of studying convestive heat flow, and the application of electrical models to the solution of vibration problems. Members From 14 Cities Attending Engineers from Terre Haute, Indianapolis, Anderson, Columbus, Bloomington, Hagerstown, Kokomo, Lebanon, Logansport, Madison, Muncie, Newcastle, and Richmond ai’e expected to^iattend. Reservations for the dinner meeting that evening in the Home Economics Building should be made with Professor H. A. Bolz, of the School of Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering, who is in charge of plans for the evening.
\
Coed Tennis Singles Will Begin Tuesday Women’s Singles Tennis Tournament will begin next Tuesday. The tournament is open to all women on the campus, including faculty members; the only conditions are that they must sign up at the Women’s Gym before October 5. There will be a sign-up sheet available J!or those interested. WAA wishes to encourage all those who desire to play tennis to turn out for this tournament.
Post-War Planning Conference Closes
Post-War Planning Conference of the Indiana Federation of Clubs closed Friday with a luncheon at the Home Economics Building at 1 p. m.i Clubwomen from all parts of the state \attended the conference. Following a meeting of the postwar planning committee, there was a discussion program conducted by Mrs. Burke Ball of Muncie. Highlights of this program were addresses by Prof. Frank H. Hockema, executive dean of the Univei’sity, and Dr. E. C. Young, dean of the graduate school and chairman of the University’s post-war. planning-
committee.
Hockema Speaks ' Prof. Hockema, speaking in place of Dr. Elliott, discussed the changes brought about in college programs by the war effort and prospects for the post-war era. He expressed the belief that new horizons on such fields as aviation, meteorology, metallurgy, nutrition, public health and housing would be opened. He also indicated that he felt the training now being-received would create a greater interest in higher education. Dr. E. C. Young, speaking on “The Most Important Post-War Plans”, expressed the possibilities of international and regional planning and specific planning for localities, institutions and industries. He warned that inflation can nullify the best planning efforts, and pointed out that special interest groups must learn to live together to make this planning effective. Knight Suggests Action F. B. Knight, director of the University division of psychology, suggested that effective action about adult and community delinquency be substituted for futile interests of juvenile delinquency to the closing meeting of the Conference Friday. Other specific suggestions of Dr. Knight were establishment of''a higher level of aspiration for school boards, doubling or tripling the quality of teacher-training provisions, establishment of universal kindergartens, adding to the “regular” school valuable services such as speech, reading, and behavior clin-
of the war,” he stated. “And whereas, even with present use our supply will only last 14 to 20 years.” Measures which will cut down waste after the war are large material stockpiles, an synthesis from our natural resources of materials
not available.
University Holds Home Ec Conferences In Schools
low that of paragraph 2.
BlStckout Exemptions
One exemption from the regulations and a place to be avoided by blissful blackout fiends is the Airport, which is regularly occupied evenings. * The above plan is for a test only and would not be used in case of-a real emergency when all lights of the University would be turned off by opening switches in the Power
Plant. This is undesirable for a test Conferences for home economics blackout since all power service teachers in the northwest section of would be interrupted and this in the state are to be held during Octoturn would prevent research work, her and November. Miss Wave Lights Out On First Signal Bowes, itinerant teacher trainer in At the first signal there is to be Home Economics Education of the a .steady blast of sirens and whistles. University, is in charge of the conAll lights, except traffic and those fer-ences. - exempted, must be extinguished. The first conference was held Anyone in a University building is yesterday, at Central High School required by the State Defense in South Bend. Home Economics Council and th6 Army to turn out teachers from Elkhart, Kosciusko, any lights. Marshall, St. Joseph, and Starke Driving lights on automobiles counties are to attend the meeting, will be permitted until the next sig- Miss Ethel Lewis and Mrs. Jeannal, which may be from 15 to 30 nette Parvis of the Home Economminutes later. After the second sig- ics staff of the University served as nal, cars must bo parked; their discussion leaders at the afternoon lights extinguished and their occu- meeting,
pants must seek shelter. At the thii’d signal, which will be a steady note for minutes, all lights except traffic signals and automobile lights
must remain out.
Radio Tuned To Local Station Radios should be tuned to a local
ics and revision of educational curricula to meet new demands. Best Bets In Education Dr. Knight listed as the “best bets” in education the following: improvement of social and economic status of teachers, more attention to the first five years of life, higher level of aspiration for the educative value of the summer months, nurture of superior ability of those who happen to be poor and more attention to the health factors. “The post-war era will bring a more genuinely liberal society in the sense of trying to make competition regulate our economic affairs,” predicted Dr. W. H. Spencer, of the University of Chicago, in a discussion of “Labor Relations In a Post-War World.” Labor In War “Labor has the largest single stake in this war,” he declared. “One common thing throughout the world is the working man. Labor should be enabled to express its point of view at the peace table.” Dr. Spencer expressed his opinion that labor unions, following this war, would not lose the strength they did following Woi’ld War I, at least, n'ot numerically. In explaining his contention in regard to the maintenance of union’s strength. Dr. Spencer declared that he did not expect the kind of depression that followed World War I. Final Discussion Held In a final discussion of the Indiana Federation of Clubs’ post-war planning program, Mrs. Oscar A. Ahlgren, of Whiting, explained, “As President of the Indiana Federation of Clubs, I am asking that clubs do not endorse any particular peace plan, but study all in order to be well informed,” she said in conclusion. “Let us strive to keep our minds open.'Americanism does not mean uniformity; it means unity. We do not think alike, but we must act together. Our strength is our unity. Let us live up to our. motto, ‘Unity in Diversity’.” Dean Mary L. Matthews of the Home Economics school has been in charge of this conference at the University. All meetings have been open to the public. Phoebe Holl Speaks At AAUW Meeting The American Association of University Women hc«d their first dinner meeting of this season, Tuesday, September 28, in the Home Economics Building. R. B. Stewart, of the University Controller’s office, spoke about “Some Problems Confronting Institutions of Higher Edu-
cation.”
The subject of the second talk was “Rehabilitation of Reguee Children”. It was given by Miss Phoebe Holl, a University student, whose Two seniors meet their Waterloo in the hands of mustache-crazed summer was spent doing this woi'k freshmen. in the East.
Seniors Sigh With Relief. . .
Freshmen Take Last Cords^ Mustaches For Year In Numerous Skirmishes
Tafr Kappa Epsilon . . . announces the election of the following chapter officers: Glenn Alaback, president; Donald Geringer, vice-president; Dale Appel,
station. Full cooperation is urgently secretary; Le Roy Easton, pledgeneeded to the end that all Univer- master; Raymond Pajkowski, hissity organizations may be rated a torian; Charles Carpenter, .sergeant-
hundred per cent. at-arms.
fi
By Ruth Davis j . Bloodiest three days of the year on the campus are over. The freshmen and the seniors have met, or rather clashed, and very few seniors woke up this morning with mustaches. Prom Thursday noon to Saturday noon, organized mobs of freshmen roamed the campus in search of seniors. A group of freshmen would be walking along, apparently thinking of nothing but the fascinating lecture just past. Then one of them would see a senior, let out a wild whoop, and go for him. All of the other freshmen around went along, crashing their bicycles into trees and running over anybody in the
way. They whipped out their razors on the way, and when they reached the senior they were ready for business. His mustache was thoroughly removed. If he,struggled, he chanced the loss of something more
than a mere mustache. Service Men Immune
Service men could not take part in the annual brawl this year, so seniors were pretty scarce. Rumor has it that one senior escaped shaving because the freshmen who wanted to shave him were so numerous that they started a fight among themselves to decide who
should have the honor.
Best Line Senior Mechanical engineers were presented with the 'golden derby by Pres. Edward C. Elliott for having -the best line of march and placards in the annual senior parade. The presentation was made just before the kickoff for the last half. Chemical Engineering and Home Eefseniors were close behind, making the decision difficult for the judges. According to University officials the awarding of a gold derby for the best cFass exhibit will continue throughout future cord parades. Judges of the- placards were a committee composed of President Elliott, Dean Fred Goldsmith, Dean Clai’e Coolidge, and the presidents of the Gimlet Club, Reamers, Student Senate, and Gold Peppers. Governor Reviews V-12 Units After Tour Of Campus Governor Schricker, Commander Bartley and Lieut. Commander Vetter reviewed the V-12 units on Stewart Field yesterday, at 1:30 p. m. Preceding the review the Governor’s party was conducted on a tour of the University Campus. Schricker and his party assembled and were met by faculty representatives in the morning. After a’ drive around the campus the gi’oup stopped to visit the Music Hall where they were greeted by President Elliott. Boarding the cars again the group was taken past the Fieldhouse and Cai-y Halls to the Housing Research Campus. Here they inspected the war houses. Elliott Introduces Others Elliott introduced Grove Webster and Lieut. Commander E. G. Vetter to the Governor and his group at the University Airport. Vetter addressed the gathering on the work that is being done at the airport. The University farm and Animal Husbandry Department were visited next where Director Reed made a few brief remarks. The party returned to the Union Building at noon preparatory to attending the review. Industrial Relations Leaders Plan Clinic Industrial relations leaders from 50 companies or worker’s organizations will hold an Industrial Recreation Clinic at the University from October 25 to 30, it was announced today by Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood, professor of industrial recreation of the division of physical education for men. Increased recognition of the value - of industrial recreation has brought to light the many problems surrounding this subject. The clinic, first of its kind in the country, has been planned to help personnel and executives who have the administrative direction of industrial recrea-
tion.
Benefits derived by industrial workers from wholesome and revitalizing sports, hobbies, and arts will be emphasized. The clinic will be concerned with both the development of industrial recreation in connection with the war effort and with the place of industrial recreation in jiost-war planning. Among the special problems already marked for discussion are recreation for women, industrial fatigue, music and methods of promoting participation. Lt. K. Edmondson . . . Glen Ellyn, Illinois, former student in Engineering and former reporter on the Exponent, recently commissioned a second lieutenant in the air forces, is now stationed at Mountain Home, Idaho,
By Russ Lipcs Exponent Sports Editor A sun baked crowd of about 15,000 spectators saw the high powered Boilermaker gridiron machine romp over the spirited but young Illinois eleven 40 to 21 in a game that had just about everything that a football game could have. Yesterday’s victory, the third m a row for the Boilei’makeis, gave them possession of the “Purdue Cannon,” a trophy which is to be awarded annually to the winner hf the Purdue-Illi-nois battle, and which was presented for the first time yesteiday. Butkovich Averages 17.2 Yards Tony Butkovich emerged as the “hero” of yesterday’s game by virtue of the four touchdowns which he scored against his former alma mater. He collected a total of 24 points and his yardage average for the afternoon was the terrific high of 17.2 yards per try. The most outstanding feature of the game was the many fumbles which ocurred, each team fumbling the ball 10 times for a total of 20 fumbles. In addition each squad scored one more touchdown than the score books show, but they were nullified by
penalties.
McGovern 'and Bray were outstanding for the losing Illini. Both showed that they were very proficient passers and very fast once they got loose on the field. Bray had an average of 9.5 yards per try in rushing attempts. Almost Score At Will The Riveters weie able to score almost at will, and Coach Burnham had a chance to try out several combinations on the field, using about three teams at various times. Penalties were also frequent in the battle, with the Riveteis drawing a total of 13 compared to 5 against
the Illini
Fumbles And Recovers The first quarter opened with a series of fumbles and finally after the ball had been fumbled four times, changing hands each time, Bauman recovered on the Illini IG yard line. Diraancheff hit the line for one yai’d and then Vacant! threw a pass over the left end of the line to Joe Buscemi who scored from the four standing up. Later a 43 yard run by Tony Butkovich took the ball down to the Illini 17, but two plays later Hazelett intercepted a pass intended for Dubicki and returned it to the 40. Two plays later, Illinois had fumbled again, Agase recovering the ball on the Illini 15. Second Quarter Butkovich hit the line on several plays moving the ball down to the 2. On the next play Butkovich scored, and Dubicki’s conversion made the score Purdue 14, Illinois 0. A qiiick kick by Grider sent the ball over the Riveter goal line, making it first and ten for the Boilermakers on their own 20. On the first play “Superman” Butkovich took the ball and thiilled the crowdJiy racing 80 yards down the field to score. Dubicki again converted. Interference on an attempte pass gave the Illini the ball on the Boilermaker 2, and Greenwood scored from there. The half ended with the score Purdue, 21; Illinois, 7. A fumble by Stuart gave the Illini the ball on the Riveter 28 and a pass from McGovern to Lee Alberts tallied, but was called back because of clipping. Several plays later, Poremba, the Purdue center, intercepted a pass and raced 50 yards to score, but this was also nullified because of clipping on the Boilermakeib. On the next play Dubicki raced around right end for a 53 yard jaunt to the goal line. Following another senes of fumbles, Agase recovered an Illini niiscue on their 22, and Butkovich scored in
two plays.
Sajnaj Blocks Punt Sajnaj fell on a blocked Boilermaker punt over his own goal line for a tally. Biay raced 70 yards to give the Illiru G more pointi^. Vacanti returned the kickoff 45 yards to the mini 25 from where Butkovich scored. The game ended with the Illini closing in on the Riveter goal.t'/’
Page 2
Put^& Exp6h^0
Purdue Exponent combined with iPurdue Independent
Offices: Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sporfs, Fieldhousc, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editor Buoinedo Mnnafrcr,. News Editor Mannirinf; Editor Sports Editors
......Ellis Murph; .Mary Dili.' William IK Tysoi Chrolyii Wilbu . llsymond J. Smith, Russell M. Kipcf
Publication Staff
Editorial Staff
Associate Editors: ,lack Abhrtt, Ruth M. Ford, Madelyn A. Grotnos, James,T. Richardson, Margaret A. StefleB.
Business Staff
Advertising Manager: C. K, Gaunt. Assistant Advertising Manager: KcUy Maney. Circulation Manager: R. t.i. Saucrhian.
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Richardson Day Editor: Ahbett City Editor: StelTes Editor: Trargar y.porfs Kditor: I?. Garber Reporters; Gcorgc.son, Asperger, , Garrett. P.. Richardson, Davis, Rippotoe, HilliaV, S'vcrn, Miner, Obor.
Entered as second class matter at the post
ette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March d, 187f and at the special rate of po.st.agc provided for section 1103, act of October 3. 1917, authorized .January 20, 1922 Published on Tuesday, Tlnir.sday and Saturday mornings during the year, except certain vacation periods. Delivered daily bv carrier for S;j.25 for a semester ; by mail for $1.60 lor a semt^stcr. Subscriptions inny be obtained at the Exponent
office or at the West Desk of the Union.
Rcprc'^entcd for national advortisinp by National Advertising Service, Inc.. Colb'gc Publishers Kepresentatiyes, 4’iSv
Madison Ave., Now York, N.,Y.
Whaf Aboui Dances. ..
Iri years gone by it has been customary for various campus organizatipns to give annual dances in the Union ballrooms. This year such dances have ,so far been an impossibility; 111 the first place, name bands are practically unavailable. Most of the ones which were once famous have been broken up by the selective service, and for those which, haven’t, thpre is the matter of providing transportation and still keeping in the good graces of the War Production Board. There has Ijeen some questioning of having a name band brought here by a private organization but this idea proves impractical for the above two mentioned reason.s, and also because seiwice men are entitled to admission to any dance given in the ballrooms on Saturday if they are Union members. In the arguments ^that have been brought forth to augment tlic claims of social and honoraiy organizations who wish to have private dances it has been pointed out that the ballrooms are availoblc on Friday nights. This arrangement also brings out complaints from a good many students. One of the more common being that the service men cannot get out long enough'on Fridaj^ to make the dance practicable, because after all a majority of the students would want to attend one of these traditional events if it were put on. And so the arguments go, round and round, the limitation.s on the use of the ballrooms and the availability are apparently unchangeable. Howe\^er, the Army and Navy recreational officials have been working on the problem. One of the things under discussion was the possibility of rotating the ballroorns among the various groups. For example, a student organization could give a traditional dance one week-end, and then the following Saturday the army would have exclusive use of the ballrooms, the next week it would be the fnarines, and the la.st week-end of the month it would be the navy who would have exclusive use of the ballrooms, and the the cycle would start again. Recently the Exponent held a poll to determine .student opinion on this matter. The figures indicate that approximately ninety per cent of the student.s like things the way they are. However, the same figures also show that over 85 per cent would be willing to pay the price incurred by the importation of a name band, if .such a thing were possible. The poll also indicated that many of the service men would like to have dances on Friday nights from seven until ten. Another suggestion which has been made to us is the idea of using the Women's Gym' for traditional organization dances. This would undoubtedly work put pretty well, except for the fact that the Union dance.s would be pretty stiff competition. Up to this point we have merely been pointing out a great deal of remotely related facts which point to one thing, namely, that to keep peace there should be a few readjustments, made. We have also pointed out that the authorities are trying to Avork out some .scheme to keep things going along as they have with everyone getting what he considers to be his fair use of the Union ballrooms. Apparently things have been discussed almo.st to a standstill, however. The annual Gold Digger,s dance will come off according to plan because'the girls do the paying and the men get in,free. But other annual aft'air.s like the Junior Prom ,the Riveters Rassle, and the Interfrafernity Ball, are liable to be left out of ihk .social program. We feel that the majority of student.s would like to. have an occa-
jGRIN
By DREW PEARSON
"Sfiipwretked" Soldiers Prove The Theory That CiSilrtdy Acts As Fbod; €99 Productfon Hits New Hi9h
WASHINGTON^—A group of officers and men of the Quartermaster Corps put themselves on a life raft and shoved out into the waters of the Gulf of Mexico, where they lived on starvatiori rations for .fiv6 days to detei’mine the best food for shipwrecked men, They wanted to put certain theories to the test. They had already found that the Army’s Ration K Was not. suitable for life-raft diet. . They had a theory that the ideal diet for fiddle Rickenbacker and all wrecked seamen arid airmen would be a diet of hard candy. First, candy is a carbohydrate which prevents acidosis, as the near-starv-ing men burn up their body fats. Second, it is a compact ration requiring small space. Third, it keeps well at high temperatures. And finally, pieces of hard candy can be easily divided, thus avoiding quarrels among the survivors. But all this theory remained to be ested. Under Lt. Col David B. Dill and Capt. Joseph Quashnock, a groRp of men set out on the rough waters of the Gulf, to eat their own theories. It proved a rather unhappy experience. They were all seasick and miserable. One man was so violentlj and constantly sick that hfe had to be “rescued” by the crash boat which was in attendance, and taken ashore. They lost from eight to twelve pounds each, mostly a loss of water from the system, but they regained weight rapidly when they got back to base at Elgin Field, Florida. What they gained was a certainty that if you have nothing else to eat, and must choose the lightest and simplest thing in all the range of human foods, the best thing to survive on is candy. Those who tried to live on “C” biscuit got so thirsty they couldn’t take it any more. One man got sick of the candy, and couldn’t take it. But the majority certified that the candy was best. Its carbohydrates are prime energy food, since the simple sugar into which they are converted is the body’s chief motive power. Each man took two pocket packages of the candy-— a total of 20 pieces-—each day. Result of the experiment is that an official change has been made in the emergency ration now packed in life raft.'J,. Instead of Ration K, w'hich contain.^ meat, biscuits, fruit bar, candy, cigarettes, and chewing gum, the ration now consists of candy, with a few sticks of chewing gum and a few vitamin pills thrown in to fill . up the corners of the tin.
der ■ mh t Airfectlon oFlf.jjfi; ■ wlil''sir|g ‘‘Lead Thdumf Siiijlfiby: Stuffs, with the solo'jh^'^ffffl^d Stafifield,' ■ ■ ■■■
University Presbyterian Church . North Street, Near Grant Rev. John W. Findley, Minister 9:S0—Student Class led by Dr. G. H. Graves.
7 A .-WelsleJ' Fouhl^tijjnUv/i?'j ' Corner. State and Sheefi/.Streets
Rev. E. R. Balsley, Minister.
9;30i—Sunday School.'
■l;0:4:0:^M6rWirig' Woi'feffihbsiftj the
10.:30—Morning Worship; Communion of the Fold’s Supper. The choir; Rfider the dii'ection of Virginia jArchef, will sing the antherii “SuhTof My Sbul”. "The Meditation is toc.be on the subject “Himself He Cannot Save.” 5:00:—The Sunday fivening Fellowship vvill meet in the Reef'eation Rooiri. The program following sujpper Vifill be in charge of the choir director. The hour of the meeting has been' changed to accommodate the' service men. From'7 to 11 oh Ffidayi October 8, the church will be open for recreation and refreshments. .
First Methodist 'Church;
munion of tffe Lord’s .SuppeiU The music will include “The^ Lord' ls My Shepherd” by Schubert.;.; . .j',;' ;’ ; 5:15—Fellowship Simper. ’.Ia'';’ ' '
'' -fi :i5.^The prografn ';f
Mf. and Mrs. ZumstejR,':%htjr,wni*o educational missionariefflin rltfalffya for years; The. talk is. ,itc)>|he;/,illiis-, trated with curios and cokthnies* of that country. ■ . 7:20—Vespers. ■■
St. Mary’s Catholic Church 12th and Columbia Rev. Edward Holland, Student Jjastor 6:30, 8:00, 9:30, 11:00—Mass. 3:00-6:46 and after 7:16 on Saturday—Confessions.
.jiilffj FoUftdh'^dh ' . '- iTi) Sheetz Street. Rabbi M. H. Sinrpii 10:30—Services will be;,h'e)^ !at Fowler Hall. 6; 00—Evening meeting I’auckhupper. ■
Army totake^eid;
‘White fella promise'we each get jeep after war-—white.fella .say day will come when jeep will replace spear,”
Personnel Notes
Companies scrieduled to visit the campus: General Electric Co., Schenectady, N. Y.—October 22. Interested in Chemists, Ch.E., M.E., . C.E., E.E. Shell Development Co., Emeryville, Cal.—Date to be announced. Interested in Chehiists, Ch.E.;. M.E.,. C.E., E.E. Ingersoll-Rand Company, New’ York-—Date to be. announced. Interested'in M.E., E.E.
... national social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: Bill Kennedy, president; Jim Oliver, vice-president; Jack Heinze, master of ceremonies; Bob McCurdy, treasurer; Bob Whitesell, secretary; Dick Bushnell and Junie Slider, guards. ' A radio dance will be held at the Kappa Sigma house Saturday night, October 2, which will be open to those who wish to attend.
First Christian Church Corner Sixth and North Rev.,Doyle Mullen, Minister 9:30—Sunday School. 10:40-^Church Service. .6:16—Forum in the church basement, with the usual 16 cent supper.
St. John’s Episcopal Church Sixth and Ferry Rev. R. F. Thornton, Rector “FORWARD IN SERVICE SUNDAY.” CHURCH RALLY DAY. 8:00 a. m.—Holy Communion. 10:46—Holy Communion and sermon on the topic “Divided Allegiance”. A choir of boys and men un-
This week end was the, last dUnce for Harry Reed. Harry has been drafted. This does not mean, however, that the band will break up. Lowell Mead, a former band leader on the campus and jat the present time a member of Reed’s band, will take over the direction of the band. . The band will coritinue to play for Saturday Mixers at least until December 18. ■
Notice
All members of Sigma Delta Chi please attend the meeting to be held Monday, Oct. 4. It is important as tile date for the dfthce is to be decided upon. —ELLIS MURPHY.
Gentlemen From Kenfrycky Judge King Swope, former Republican Congressman from Kentucky, came to 'Washington the other day to do some business with the Government and dropped in on Representative Virgil Chapman, the Democratic Gongressman now filling Swope’s shoes. Though Swope is a Republican, Dettiocraiic Congressman Chapman vi'-as glad to help him push his business with the Government, proved an efficient red-tape nnWirider. Afterward, as they sat in the House Office Building, ex-Coiigressman Swope congratulated Chapman. “Virgil,” he said, “you did a great job. You sure were a real help to me. You certainly efid move fast. It was just like the way Grant took Richmond.” Congressman Chapman bristled. , “The hell it is,” he shouted. “Grant never took Richmond. It was evacuated. If you’re going to talk like that you can get the hell out. of here.” Whereupon Congressman Chapman refused to move another finger for ex-Congressman Swope.
These companies are not scheduled to visit the campus; however, they are interested in students for employincnt: ij Crane Company, Chicago, 111.— Interested in M.E., C.K., Ch.E. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, October 6.
Buy War Bonds Arid Stamps
WBAA
, . . \yiU present a new 'scries of programs starting Monday, October . 4, at 1 p. m. The prograin, under the directioii of Miss Virginia Berry, Home Economics Department, is entitled “Home MakerS|.Club of the Air”.
Patriotic U. S. Kens
The hens of America are really doing all right by Uncle Sam. Their war effort is producing more eggs than the ebuntry has ever seen. Though We are sending ten billion eggs overseas, fifty billion more remain for the frying pans of American kitchens. This total of sixty billion eggs is an all-time high. Even the doriiestic fifty billion is an all-tiriie high. Passed around to evei-y man,. Woriian and child, it means 346 eggs a piece for the year, or about one a day. This is a lot better than the average. At the moment, eggs are “tight” in the market, because this is the moulting season, when laying always falls off. But eggs will increase again when the hens resume full-time production, also when the egg-drying business falls off. This is a new and unexpected turn of events. The tremendously expanded egg-drying business'was expected to take a full 20 percent of our egg crop, but now the estimates are dropping fast. Reason is the British and Russians, after two years of dried egg diet, are getting tired of thein. They are politely telling the Combined Food Board and Lend Lease, “Don’t pass those dried eggs around any more.” The dried egg business used a modest 10 million pounds before the w'ar, mostly for cake flour and confectionery purposes. But the submarines have made shipping space so tigjht that space was not available for shell eggs, and thfe dried egg business shot up to a capacity of about 460 million pounds. Some of this capacity is now idle, because of Allied distaste for the product, so more fresh eggs will come onto the U. S. Market.
Q ne Q Sandwiches for delicious Tenderloin and Chop Sfeak Sandwiches Buy 'Em by the Sack — OPEN NIGHTS —
(Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate^,Inc.)
sional .special dance, but we need definite and concrete sugge.stions. ' Will the students give up‘the right to attend the regular free Saturday night dances and pay to go to special dances ? Will enough students patronize a dance given on Friday night to make such a dance worth while to the sponsoring organization? Will enough students come to a special dance on Saturday night if there is a program and new band, not necessarily a big name band, to overcome the competition of the free dances in the ballrooms. These are the main questions which must be answered before any definite readjustments can be made. If you are one of the students who feels a need for a change, write in and tell us how you would suggest the changes be brought about. —'G.m.
MARf
NEW'ADMISSION PRICES START TODAY — /v^ATINEE — MAIN FLOOR—A’dm. 36e, Tax 4c.—40c BALCONY— Adm. 30c, Tax 3c—33c “ —NIGHT — MAIN FLOOR—Adm. 3£lc, Tax 4c—40c BALCONY— Adni. 36c, 'Tax 4c—40c Children Always 15c U. S. Armed Farces Always 25c Night Prices Prevail Sundays & Holidays
NEW ADMISSION PRICES START TODAY
— matInee —
MAIN FLOOR—^AdHi. 3Cle, Tax 4e—40c BALCONY— Adm. 30e, Tax 3c—:33c
UIBiVBng
. ^ —night-
main FLOOR—Adm. 45e, Tax 5c SOc : BALCONY---^ Adm. 36c, Tax 4c—^40c .
Children Always 15c
U. S. Armed Forces Always 2Se Night Prices Prevail Sundays & Holidays
a“T*
Arthur,
ews
wm
&un(k^^^J(hst0ber 19^ '(ir<iri*jii m >■ n*,
fbr^Serviee Men, By Semiee Men-
w/mmrntilmmiiim
ftJa^y Appr<^ves
S^l^edule Indudes Co-ops# ^ $oft)«if©s As Hostesses “S'lie Navi^ -approve!^ wholfe-heartedly of the Ooed ‘Canteen proS’feftt,’^ "Stated Lt. j.g.) L. Somers, Welfare Officer^ late yes^-
tgrday afteri^on*
^ In inau^%h%tifig the program tomorrow,’’ said the lieuten-
Jjh&. ^Cjttxhf Bnq. By Jay Kfewman, A S , USlf'fR ► THIS RHASHN why • 'tUfe 'wliy y6u ht&r tMste low irtoWr'ftr'fil %ofl'es about 6 a. tu. is because a pack of dogs including everything fixim Pox Terriers to St. BigrMrds, aicom|»aM«fs ns aronnA the Stadium dni Ohr early morhiug tun eVbIfy day. Wo gallop aronnd, puffing aftd panting while they trot at our heels haying and aduealifrg as thottgh We Were oW to the hunt. No one knows why they do it, and they never utter a Word of \eXplanation. The efftSiSp ihhb hasn’t missed a'day in over a month, though. The reason why we’re still wearing blues is because we know it would freeze over the first night we were ordered back into whites.
► THE STUDENT SENATE CUOKS WITH GAS
notion will affoTd 'a laYgO boost
^,to th« morale of the men. It st^'Jent body.”
|mt» “the Student Senate is attefriptihg to betteT hoquaiht the ” ® ® ^ a xi.< ^ xu ^ i •
Ttxl? • ixv. 1-1, A4„?v,w„c CanteeUs which ate being opened this afternoon for the first time of the less picturesque language to ,n$mce Ittfenbn the ehfnpus with the coeds. This pi’afse-WOtthy ^ Especially to that noble part of it which which Civilian ears are attuned
strolls around the campus in blues and khaki. The Forum has tried to discusfe A week-end free from drills and Studies is still just another week-end some of the issues that we as ser-
. f If tt d f h ■ c Canteens will be open unless there’s something to do. Friday night movies and Saturday night vice men should understand. Una -long-ie ee O ring- ^ gunday afternoon. OOUvos and daHcUs are Wcellteht ‘“stcam-letter-Offers”. Sunday morning fortunately there are too many who Ipg the two groups together.' Cirls of the Women’s Residence is deVo'ted to OhurOh services, leavihg Sunday afternoon as a blank spot prefer not to wonder about such Captain ” added Lt. Som- sorority houses and co-op Uft the average servibe mhU’s ealOndai-s. things. That’s really too bad because ^ ’ . ’ houses will entertain boys who will To fill tjhiS void attd rbUnd oUt the wefek-eUd, the Student Senate hit most of us are in uniform today beers, believes it is a splendid J,g mvited to a specific one of these upon the noVel idUa of asking the coeds to act as hostesses to the boys cause we failed to think about such idea, aUd Urges all UtCn to coope- places. '\ ful‘ a part of Sunday afternoon. No special entertainment was to be things in time.
The can'tgOns have been planned l>Itoh€d-^justrefreshmefits, perhaps, and something like an old-fashioned
Commander Hugh J. Bartley has fwo Sundays per month but the P^^ty. ^ , you guys prefer Dick Tracy or Buck
Hkks And Kennedy To Judge Photos In Beauty Contest
Contest Closes Tonight; All PictHres Will Be Posted Outside Sweet Shop Lt. Colonel E. H. Hicks, Commanding Officer of the 1st Bat-
The servik meu’s page is yours, talion, ASTP, and Lt. Commander T, M. Kegley af the Nava! Do you have anything to say? Send Training School will be the judges to select the winners of the
Service Men’s Beauty Contest,
After the closing of the contest tonight, the photographs that have been submitted will be posted under glass in front ■ -■ of the Sweet Shop in the Un-
The Forum
By Pfc. Gabriel Eliaa Look, Fellas
Dear Fellas,
Post
"Bayonet” “Members of the United
Now, this is no lecture, fellas. If grates armed forces needn’t worry
ion. Service men may vote on their choice by casting a ballot which will be printed in the Exponent this coming week In
According to the Camp Blanding ^o keep the names of the
girls secret until the winners are announced, all balloting will be
Exchange
j .by number. The voting form wtH
InfiiOk’tOd his atmroval of the Ckn- frequoncy of theuanteens will be-de- '^be coeds, bless them, readily agreed. The Senate thereupon rolled Rogers in the 26th century to the ^bout filing income tax declarations have a space for the number which teens in a letterwhich he Sent to the termiued by the success of the first ^P its sl«»eves and began the “detail” woik, which is always a bit of a Forum type of World Government will be attached to each picture that
Student Senate this week. He this afternoon. messy job. One lass alid lad in particular, Wiltna Jean Palmer and Aussie m 1945, there isn’t much we can db thanked the Senate for the interest Not hll the fUeU have been invited day and night on this proj- about it. After all we like the Var-
,, .. X XX j X XT. xsxx ^Pd deserve soPie sort Uf recognition, even if its only a small gold o-n o-Mc,
It was taking in the problem mf af- to attend a canteen this afternoon, , , . . i gum ga guis oui-selves.
lordipg untertairfmenl for th^ men but those who were missed this time
statue. From theirs and the Senate’s labors came the Coed Canteens. With all the girls in the sProrities, the Women’s Dorms and the co-op
Here’s the point, GI’s. This is
date all seivice men and women ig posted. The photographs will each must make a final calculation of gji display for two days during their income and tax for 1943. which time one vote may be cast by p p . ^ j
each service man.
Prom the Chevron of the U.S M C. comes this one. Ship’s Cook First
Three Top Pictures Voted Upon
Rationed here, and expressed hiS be included in one of the next togethfeV, thete are still only enough females to entertain ™^de pinion that the Canteens would go two invitations. It is hipped that ^ to suit your needs. We hope your cjagg Gus A. Graham, USN has When all the pictures have been fto toWhi’d establishing pleasant Vfe- about 1000 men Will be ^ble to at- Canteens are held, but theyll P’-^f^^sors in history and economics ^ j^^^by which consists voted upon, the three top winners +1tp T'JnW nn/T va- 't&ltd the catltGeHS 6VGrV SUTldav » jr plpcepci f*nmnpl vpn fn wAwir pLinnf. - .. . , - 4-u-v.v.vx,
Ihtibnt” between the Navy and va
rioUb groups on campus.
Thb Student Senate in originatitig the Idek stated that it is their
tend the canteens every Sunday
they are open.
The following is the schedule for •the Coed Canteen:
. classes compel you to worry about collecting testimonials from the for each of the three services wffl Meanwhile, the next move is up to us fellows. If we show up this aftet- ^ ^ of issues that should be sergeants of Marine Corps be piesented to Lt. Colonel Hicks . . xr/Miv» A nH i-F Un H J Tr l j? xi 1
all get there eventually
(ibject tb better the acquaintanefe bf NaVy V-l2
the seivice meii with the coeds, and Sections 1 and 2, Co. A.—Kappa
riiakb mdre enjoyable the stay of Kappa Gamma,
the men at the University. 1 Sections 1 and 2, Co. B.—Kappa
“But the idea,” stated Doq Alpha Theta.
Thomak, A. S., plesident of the Sen^ Section 1, Co. C.—Ann Tweedale. ate, “is ah experimental one, de- Section 3, Co. A, B, C, D.—WRH
Signed 'to ^roVide entertainment for South, the service men, tb sound out their
noon, that’ll be the signal for more. If not
writer’s shoulders, anyway?)
The best of luck to the Canteens—and many thanx to their sponsors.
(how do you shrug a type- concern. And if you’ve had so ymts that eat at his mess hall ‘ and Lt. Commander Kegley for final
much in your classes that you want confidence to start that judging. A service man’s “queen”
ihierests and to make them feel as
Navy Electricians Mates
if the':^ weie hart of the campus. Wb Sections A and B, 14th Co.
hbpe they Will get better acquainted, and suggest that they begin to partieipatfe in more activities so that we’ll begin to havU^ really spirited.
-Al-
V NAUTICAL TID-BITS
Electrician Brown, Chief Warrant Officer, had the boys sitting up and
taking notice Friday morning. As guest lecturer in the Naval History class, he was telling us of his experiences in the recent Sicilian campaign. . . . Mr. Brown was on one of the escorting destroyers and had several
tons of fascinating information which he passed on to us. Seaman John McMurray attached a thirty foot string to the wing of a
small model airplane, began to spin round and lound with the plane at the end of the string, and soon had it going at the lemaikable speed of
to fool around with something else }jQ)r,jjy in your newspaper, it’s up to you. You can have your say: come down to the Exponent office any day between 4 and 5 p. m. Tell one/ of the self-designated newspaper men (PS—they’re mostly women down here—and the most beautiful in the campus) that you want to write. If you have your own ideas, you’ll get a chance to woi'k on them. If you
WBAA Schedule
MAKt MliUR'S YOUR MUSIC HEADQUARTERS I Records (popular and classical) Sheet‘ftitisic (latest hits) {nstrumehft and Accessories Instrument Repairing MtLLfR MUSIC CO. 514 Main Lafayette Phone ISXl
Seetibn A) 2nd Oo.—'Delta Gam-
ma.
Section A, 1st Co.—Novadale. Marines Platoon 1, Oo. E.—Alpha Chi Omega. One half Platoon 2, Oo. E.—Shoeiqpker. Platoon 1 and 2, Co. F.—WRH Noith. All Air Corps Cadets Chi Omega. Army Battely A—>Pi Beta Phi. Battery B—Phi Mu. Battery C—Glenwood * Battery D—Wood Hall.
Isoldes per hour. . . . sounded like a bullet as it flashed by. . . . brings assignment, there
will be plenty of work to be dished
out.—Fair enough?
You’ll like meeting our Joe Col-
back the days when you owned your oWn car, no?
That meeting of seniors in the V-12 program which was held the other day turned out to be something no one expected: the University wanted
some information about us which would enable them to help place in Richardson. He’s been promisindustry after the war is oyer.. .. just one more sign that the University laise my wages for so long I is as interested in service men as in any other student.... it won’t remove thought I’d give him a plug. And much of the debt, but let it be known that our feeble voice is being I’aised the staff. Most in sincerest gratitude, nevertheless. ot all you’ll like the opportunity to
get into pimt what you’ve been
' ■ ■ —— trying to say for a long time
Well, maybe I’m wiong; maybe you’ll enjoy most meeting our spe-
\ cial stais, Maggie and C.J.W, Where V-12 Softball else could you meet such distin-
the following guished celebrities? Some of you fellas probably can’t get the Physics exams questions fiom your roommates, and you may
Army, V-12 Softball
SoTdi^s — Scrilprs Marines KomsL ^hoi From Burr, Patterson t& Auld Go, Otticp hours 113 NORTHWESTERN AVE. Phone 2423 10:00-1:30 • lor 2:00-5:00 Special Appointments
Lower Division Prize
14—A 7 vs. C 3
I ^ ,x. On Tuesday, the
finals Start Tomorrow
On Monday and Tuesday, October Uiamond—
4th and 6th, the two service men’s softball leagues will play the final games for league championship. At a later date the two wmnei’s will play a final game to determine the
i|.ll-Seivice Champ.
The following playoff of the ASTP Softball League is to be
played on Monday:
Diamond— 10 D 1 vs. B 4
11— B 3 vs A 2 12— B 2 vs. A 6 ' 13—C 6 vs. D 2
10— B 7 vs D 3 11— C 8 vs. D 2 12— B 8 vs. C 5 13— M 7 vs. C 6
Tiower Division Prize
14— D 1 vs. C 2
Buy War Bonds
And Stamps
not have the time to come down 05—Off the Air.
Monday, October 4
10 30—News
10 45—Smile Time
11 00—‘‘Rural Sociology,” Prof V F. Hall
11*60—Purdue News
11 55—News
12'00—Faim Forum 12 30-—Meet the Band
12 55—News
1 *00—Home Makers Club of the Air.
1 16—Music
1 30—Faients* Forum,
1 46—Markets 1 56—News,
2 00—Story a Day 2 15—Treasury Star Parade.
2 30—Music
2 55—News
3 00—Mary Louise Reppert, pianist 3 15—Afternoon Melodies 3 30—Musical Varieties
3 55—News
4 *00—Tea Time Tunes 4 *30—Just Relax.
4 56—News
5 00—Little Miss Muffett 5 30—Vespers 6 45—Sports Review 6 00—A Minute of Pray/sr. 6 01—Dinner Hour.
6 56—News
7 00—WAVES Recruiting 7 16—Trade Winds Tavern. 7 30—Allies vs Hitler 7*65—News dramatized. 8 00—The Bookman 8 30—Voice of the Army. 8 45—Eventide Echoes.
8 66—^News
9 00—Musicana. 9 30—Anything But Swing,
55—News
will be selected and in addition one winnei’ for each of the services will
be announced.
The winner is to receive a fitted traveling case and a bouquet of roses while all four of the “tops in beauty” will have their pictures punted in the Exponent. Tonight IS the deadline for entiles in the contest. Any additional photographs may be brought to the
Exponent Office.
Dear Sir:
There comes a time in the affairs of men when a telephone call is most important. However if a person happens to be in the unlucky predicament of finding oneself in the confines of the Union when it is necessaiy to make the call, heaven help the poor boy. Taking myself as an example, it isn’t in the daylight hours that the
of talk about a Wo.ld Constitution ‘lio™oI’'e=. I>"‘
you’d like to say, nevertheless you
can have it printed by sending it ^.U.N. either to The Forum, or to Jim (^’ederation of United Nations) Richardson c/o Exponent, Puidue with an UNS (United Nations Con- .• i Memorial Union, West Lafayette. S^ess) and a UNA (United Nations And here’s a warning: The Forum ^ "^UN (Tribunal of the contemplates outlining in the next United Nations). Even if this warnfew issues a proposed plan for does not scare you hardy, bat-
between 6 and 8 p. m., it is usually necessai’y to remind people of that meeting so long announced in your
I’m sorry if I disturb the girl who sits at the switchboard casting long looks at the passing unifoims, but
Put That Needed Punch In Your Buggy
Otir 24 Hour Service Will Do It
Parts for All Needs! mER ANDERSOiil CO.
Corner of Sixth and Alabama
Phone 4048
AMERICAN HEROES
. PY LEFF
World Coopeiation. There are ^ome tie-scarred veterans of the bloody "^’^‘^g'^LnVwfnt 1:rd^eprive £r guys who read this column because ^Jt’rlithS education in the various fine if they don’t I stop buying them suggestions. Let s either , „ renartee because some cokes These naid readers have said that the proposed plan is not P j xi? x j x- j i, Sat ariTk aboVt‘he cri*- "«■> that «l„cat.oa and aha SSofh all ideSrtte hoknm Th j, «>«»= “ "til that the plan will be- may be ona of that group, but aomeefuZ'S belie™ ^ know" the Purdue Plan. t>»>ea it aeema as though I e„„ d “as a specSrplan could b^^^^ Althing born In the anguish of the th* dlctionaiy while posed, ZoK have been many aeveS battles with Chemistry and Psycho- "as waiting to pick up her end
al such plans. The Forum will add have to be woild-shaking.
its own—unless you fellows pitch in
and send in whatevei other kind of you. Don’t muff it. This is your copy you may piefer. chance to get youi stuff in a college What’s that? You will not send in paper with a circulation exceeding other stuff because you’re anxious 3,000. Did you know, furtheimore, to read the Foitim’s suggestions?— that our paper goes to piactically Say, who ya kiddin’ bud? evei'y public relations office of the Don’t take this warning in vain, seivices in the country? If there Unless you fellows wake up to the some guy back in camp you’d like danger, this column (and maybe the to impiess?—Nawww, you’ie not rest of the paper) is going to be full the type —Tell that to the Mai'ines.
(or IS the the Maioons?)
Heie’s looking for ya.
With woilds of affection,
—GABBY ELIAS.
of my line to connect me with the
. I „ , long distance operator when 11eally
Ok, fellas, I’m passing the ball to ^ ^ member.
t%n T~\rtv^^4- -14- , n 1 r, ^T/NIT,»
Yours sincerely T. L. JACOBS.
Football Sehedtrfe Oct. 9—Camp Grant—^Here Oct. 16—Ohio State—Cleveland
Oct. 23—Iowa—^Here
Oct. 30—Wisconsin—^There Nov. 6—Minnesota—There
Nov. 13—Open date
Nov. 20—^Indiana—^There Buy War Bonds And Stamps
It was in Tunisia. The enemy’s artillery was pounding our forces. Corporal John W. Percer of our Field Artillery saw his section chief fall, ran to the officer and staunched his wounds with a tourniquet. The shelling was intense, but the Corporal threw himself between the wounded man and the exploding shells to shield him until it ended. For that he won the Siltei Slur. Yoiir extra Thtrd War I oau Bonds help Corporal Percer and all. others like him. ^
YOUTH IN COMMAND is the theme ot Universal’s Walter Waitger Production, “We’ve Never Been Licked,” which features (lett to right> Noah Beery, Jr., Anne Gwjnne, Martha O’DriscoIl and Richard Quine. Now playing at the Mars Theatre."'■'*l4i^v
tr
htge 4
Boilermaker Bports
* Jl W
Sunday^ October 3, 194^
McMillen, Grier Score TKO In Intramural Bouts
A4eet The Team
Grandstand Echoes I Riveters To Face Strong
By Ray Smith
By Steve Thomas
Featured by two technical knockouts, one by D. McMillen, Among the halfbacks on this and the other by W. Grier, the Intramural boxing tournament Boilermaker football squad is -li. -1,1 T- TJ1 j • i/~i lU very liable fellow, Lew Rose. Lew Started Friday night, with Jim Ladd refereeing and Coach Uuniversity in 1942 Beers and Jim Ladd judging. ^ regular Purdue man and his Close to half a hundred men, from the services and civilian freshman numerals in football, life, will participate in the tournament scheduled to end on Lew is a native Hoosier from
October 27, with the finals.in
Hobart, Indiana.,He is six feet tall
iT- -n- 1J1 .. rru., . . . . , and weighs 180 lbs. At the present
the Fieldhouse. The eight a. Aerne, both weighing in at 145
bouts that were fought were pounds. Aerne preferred to use a the start of the preliminaries, very dose defense with Saunders with other bouts scheduled for . victoi'ious after a very close nght, the coming week. barely edging out Saunders who In the first bout of the eve- looked very good. Coach Beers meaning, E. Chlebowski was pitted tioned the possibility of a rematch against T. Phelps, both of whom in the very near future, were in the 135 pound class. In a The fifth fight brought together very close decision, Chlebowski was W. Cooly and E. Ruff. - Cooley declared the winner. Chlebowski showed an excellent form but lost featured' his attack with repeated the fight due to continuous low blows to the head while Phelps blows. This was due to his style of worked on the midriff. Phelps fre- fighting which made use of boxing quently ran into Chlebowski’s in under the opponents guard. Ruff wicked right and was considerably used his superior leach to counter jarred. Meanwhile, Chlebowski him- and ward off the blows of Cooley, self was having some trouble pro- Cooley had Ruff on the ropes part of tecting himself. This bout was sue- the time but Ruff managed to counceeded by the 145 pound class fights, ter effectively. Don McMillen meeting Alexander. Hide Takes Close Decision In a fast stait, Don came in fast, jj, sixth bout of the evening, leading with a fast left-right and p. Allan met D. Hiele. Both battlers receiving only minor opposition, -were in the 165 pound division. The fighters circled and traded From the very start, this fight blows. After about 50 seconds, proved to be of a very fine calibre. Alexander I’eceived a very hard During the second round Allan straight left to the face which stag- scored on three left hooks to the gered him, and left him wide open chin but Hiele weathered these for further attack. McMillen fol- blows and went on to take a close
decision.
In the last fight of the evening, which iiicidently proved to be the most interesting, M. Smith met M.
a 165 pound class hectic three rounds,
with Smith showing a very fine de-
lowed with a hard left and right attack to the face followed by some more. Alexander’s mouth piece flew out and after being struck by some more blows, distributed to his head
and midriff, Alexander went down, After
At this point, the referee stopped the bout. Time for the technical knockout was 1 minute, 1 second.
Grier Takes Bout
The next bout seemed to take
McMILLIN WANTS ARMY TO PLAY We have noticed during the past week that loud cries in protest of the Army’s prohibiting college football for A-12ers have been heard from Bo McMillin, Indiana’s gridiron mentor. It seems that what it is that he used in previous years to lure the best players in the state down to Bloomington is ineffective this year. The good players who play the game for the love of it are playing on the teams where Uncle Sam has ordered them to report. We are not at all in disagreement with McMUlin when it comes to the subject of the Army playing football, because we believe that another good football team could be formed here from the AST students. Indiana is not the only team in the nation that is suffering because soldiers are not permitted to play football as one might think after reading McMillin’s statements.
Camp Grant Team Oct. 9
The Riveter football squad will face an imposing task in its second home start of the season as it faces Camp Grant’s Warriors here next Saturday in the feature attraction of the “Dad’s Day” celebration. The powerful soldier aggregation, made vp of former professional and collegiate stars, has been developing rapidly since Charley Bachman, formerly of
INDIANA DOES NOT PLAY PURDUE—McMILLIN The one thing that really griped us was a statement that appeared in some paper in an Associated Press release in which McMillin said, “We’i'e going to play the joavy and mai’ine boys from Lafayette; we don’t play Purdue this year.” At the same time Bo was bemoaning the fact that he had to use an inexperienced team.
Michigan State, took over as civilian coach, and will be seeking its third victory in four starts against Big Ten tOams. The Warriors possess both
Classified Ads
, ,, , . , , , . Typewriters: Adding maenmes, ail makes bulk and experience, notably m sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mlmeo-
„ j ,, , , 1 , graph work done. C. J. Ehersholl, BOB Math, the forward wall. The tackle berths Lafayette. Phone 2779.
FACULTY BOWLING CONTINUES „ Getting back to the campus we find that the faculty is wasting no time in turning their bowling league into a hot race. At the latest report the General Engineeiing team was on the top of the pil^ with an undefeated record. Tied for the second slot are four teams that have suffered only one setback in six games. To date the Electrical Engineering team has the high team set of 2816 and the high team game of 972. Hession has the high game of the league by virtue of a 228 score, while Liskey has the high set of 613.
provide a typical example of Camp Loan: on diamonds, watches, Grant’s power, with huge 280 pound, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan
six foot, five inch Joe Coomer, for-
Office. 407 Columbia.
merly of the Pittsburgh Steelers on the right side of the line, and Ro-
HERE AND THERE ^ Bob Johnson, the Boilermakers star center two years ago and a Great Lakes performer last season, is now playing with DePauw. . . . One of his teammates is Missouri’s Bob Stuber... . Bill Daley and Vic Kulbitski, teammates at Minnesota last season, will meet each other next Saturday when Notre Dame plays Michigan. . .. The Major League baseball season ends this afternoon, and another Woild Series will soon be under way. . . . After the series, two teams will tour the battle fronts.
man Bentz, a 230-pounder, formerly of the Washington Redskins, on the left side. Another former professional performer, Sam Goldman of the Washington Redskins, holds down the right wing. The guards are equally imposing, with Bob Orlando, captain-elect of Colgate and an alleastern selection last year, at one spot, and Bob Zimmny, of Indiana, at the other.
Lost—Black wallet containing largo aura. Beward. Elizabeth Clark. Department Phyaical Education for Women. I ! t
Lost—A blown and black striped Shearter fountain pen. Reward. Phone 46764.
'Lost—Gruon Curvex wrist watch. Pink backgiound with Roman numerals. Phono 46782.
Greene Takes
LEWIS ROSE
the bout was declared to have been won by Peregrine. Coach Beers said they will be rematched at some time the same form as the one preceding
time he is a fourth semester sophomore in the E.E. school and is being defezTed by his draft board to
fense and Peiegrine a wicked left, continue his engineering studies at
Gymnastic Tilt With 93 Points
as Grier, who was matched against Green, won in 1 minute and 20 seconds, by a technical knockout. The
In a final resume of the fights Coach Beeis expressed supreme satisfactiCfei at the way the boys were
the University. Rose has been playing football since his boyhood days when he played on sandlots. He is now holding down right half for the Riveters. He also played three years of
fight started out slowly with Grier basketball in high school and made
slipping after trading punches; af- th^ All-State team in 1942. He was
ter recovering Grier thiew a hard j, .r. ^ c ,.1 , , , of the fine performances put on by
left to the head, and then went into a clinch. After being parted by the referee, Grier threw a straight left which caught Green and staggered him. Grier followed and downed him in the corner. Upon arising he was hit by a barrage of blows and staggered again. He tried to hold on the ropes but was beaten down by a straight right, which ended the
fight.
In the fourth bout Saunders met
the boys.
Notices
star tiack m^an when in high school and specialized in the dashes. A very peculiar coincident happened in the Great Lakes game. It was Lew’s fiist college game, the first game of the season, and he carried the ball on the first line play of
the season.
Like many of the other players. Lew considered his participation in the Great Lakes game one of the major thrills of his football career.
Coach Fiitz Crisler may lack re- Lew said, “It suie is great to play selves foi a number of positions in behind a line like the Riveters have his Michigan football team, but this year.” fullback is not one of them. Lew is satisfied'with his schedSo plentiful are the fullbacks on '®Ie this year, but keeps plenty busy the Wolverine squad that when keeping his grades up in all his subCrisler sought a quarterback re- jects.
the injured Jack
Michigan Grid Squad Has Plentiful Supply Of Fullback Hopefuls
Seventh Term ME s and AE’s: It is time
for you to begin having employment intci- T»lL,r>ni-n<an-f- -fov
views Secure the following material from
Miss Hacker in the ME Office. 1 Interview Wink he moved veteran Bob Wiese procodure sheet, 2 Company list, 3 "Re- • i ,i i , i i • • -««■ •. r quest for Interview"^caids, 4 "Confidential Rito that Spot, Where his assign- Maves was a Wisconsm reserve and
With “Doc” Eastwood” and “Chief” Clevett, both of the P.E. department, presiding, the Gymnastic club held its first intra-squad meet of the current^ season Thursday afternoon. Sept. 30, in the Fieldhouse. Acting as honorary judge was Prof. G. A. Hawkins, captain of the 1929 aggregate of gymnastic enthusiasts. Good Form Shown Showing suiprisingly good form for so early in the season. Bob Greene, a Navy V-12 man who was formerly the captain of the Indiana University gymnastic team, took the contest with a scoie of 93.2 points. Don Haase, a V-12 man from the University, student manager of the club, came in second with a score of 82.5. The other participants were far afield with Wilkes, who participated in two events, lefiding with" a score of 37.4 points. The entrees were judged on the basis of thirty points for each event, fifteen by each judge, scoring 5 for difficulty of feat, 5 for form, and 5 for unity. The boys who participated in at least one event are: Greene, Wilkes, Haase, Rae, Murphy, Watson,
O’Day, Lauenstein, Lamont, Rodarmel, Stranch, Simpson, Udel, Follmar, Hickey, Pavlisko. Greene And Haase Share Honors The first of the four events was the performance on the high-bar. Bob Greene and Don Haase took even honors, the former by hi^ ability on giant swings and hip circles and the latter with his forward giant swing with a twist to a reverse giant swing. On the parallel bars, Greene took the lead, scoring 24.5, with Haase second, scoring 22.4 points. Greene earned his points perfoiming a very difficult flip from a handstand on the bars. Haase also did some very fine acrobatics, performing a “peach basket” —a complete summersault under the bars without touching the floor, a feat none other attempted. On the side horse and tumbling events, which were the last of the evening, Greene took a decisive lead and went on to win.
In the backfield, Bachman can call on Reino Nori, triple-threat quarterback who has had professional experience with the Detroit Lions, Brooklyn Dodgers and Chicago Bears. Halfback possibilities include Corwin Clatt, of Notre Dame; Jim Dewar, of Indiana, and Bill Burghardt, former Boilermaker, whose scooting runs placed the Warriors in position to score their victory over Wisconsin. The clash with the Warriors will mark the Boilermakers’ final nonconference engagement before plunging back into the midst of the Big Ten campaign against Ohio State in the Cleveland Stadium on Saturday, Oct. 16,
Wanted—Student. Part time help—call in person.
University Drug Store
itpr I
Coach Wanted
Greene, Billings, and Haase, all act as coaches for the club and try to train the boys. Haase, student manager, wishes that a coach, any sort of a one, would come out and help because as he says “ the fellows are certainly eager and all they need is a decent break for them to be able to coippete on an equal footing with othei organized college teams”.
* N©W under-arm % Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
1. Does not rot dresses or men’s shirts. Does not irritate skin 2. No waiting to dry. Can be used right after shaving. 3> Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Prevents odor 4. A pure, white, greaseless, stainless vanishing cream. S> Awarded Approval Seal of American Institute of Laundering for being harmless to * fabric.
COULD BE! But these days no one is buying anything but the absolutely essential new things!
Since you’ve enlisted your present clothes for the duration . . . you’re right depending on our Sanitone cleaning service to keep them wearable. And we will not let you down.
Faculty Recommendation" foim Watch bulletin board and Exponent for inteivjew notices. —BOLZ
merit would chiefly be one of block- a letter winner. ’ ing—and last year Wiese was Michi- Wiese has caught on quickly to gan’s leading ground gainer. his new quarterback job aird turned Daley Available in a fine job in the opener with
Still left for duty, however, at Camp Grant, both in the selection Faculty: Uni\eii.ity Club dues for 1943- fullback Were Bill Daley, Don Lund, of plays and in blocking. He did not
University Club: Membership dues for *43-’44 are payable to secretary-treasuior now Membership caids mu^-t be shown at all meetings. —BUTZ
FRATERNITY BULLETINS
I Invitations, Fraternity Letter Heads and Envelopes — Paper Towels, Toilet Paper—Typewriter Paper—50c the ream—Phone 7828, LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO., 511 Ferry St.
1944 are pajable to secretary now.
—BUTZ
Earl Maves and Bob Stenberg, with carry the ball once, but Daley, Lund, Daley rated as one of the best line Maves and Stenberg all saw service buckers of the country for the past and in the final quarter Daley perthiee years when he played for soirally conducted the Wolverines Minnesota. Lund was Wiese’s Michi- 40 yards, to their final touchdown. Chnsti^ Science Organization: Regular gun understudy last year and Stenberg also won a Michigan letter. Try An Exponent Classified!
39^ ajar
Pi Kappa Phi: Meeting will be held Tuesday night at 7 m room 355 of the Union All members, both service men and civilians and facultj advisors are urged to come
—CRAVEN
AH wool and
meeting Tuesday, Oct. 5, at
307 of the Union
(:30 m room
Alpha Zeta: The Alpha Zela fiaternity will hold a business meeting Monday night, Octobei 4 at 7:30 in room 303 in the Union. Associate Dean 1 leeman will talk All BcrvicL men are especially invited. -RULE Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Meeting at 416 North Chaunce> Monday at 7 .30 p m —JONES
Marriage was iierer like this! So thinks Robert Young in “f'laudia,” the entertaining new 20ih Centur}Fox picture now plajing at the Lafayette 'Theatre. Dorothy McGuiie playa the title role in the film which fgaturea Ina Clair with them,
Do You Like
part wool Sweaters
Good Books?
A" Sloppy Joes k Slip Overs A" Cardigans
From
We Are Official Agents for
SmL-Df,-thsL-Wxml}L-(^Lub
LATEST BOOKS at Minimum Prices
yNivraiY BOOK STom
Across from the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
$2.25 to $5.98
Bright Colored And Plaid Skirts
From
$2.98 to $5.98
Latest styles in all clothing
(DmsL SoifA, CcLiqhiMjididwfidu lo ihsL
3'OoihaiL JsmyL
Everything for a College Education
H. G. “Deac” REISNER BOOK STORE
PHONE 2976
— ES'TABLISHED 1908 — Student Books and Supplies
325 S'TATE ST.