4 ■AV- ^ 4 4
<' ‘' Ui ‘ ' ' * I
■.itS“ ■>'
,,r «>'
"-'.Ir
SS:
WRESTLING TEAM Holds Intra-Squad ^ Meet For Conditioning
Established 1889
6. B. WU STARTS Columrt On Hdw War Affects China V3
Volume 55, No. 62
Purdue Umiversity, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, December^tgw
MMMiKMMtfilta
Riveter Netters Bow T o DePaul Five, 45-37
Cary Club Announces Ejection Of Officers
Emerson Named New President
STALIN CRITICIZES BRITISH; >VILLKIE SOOTHES MATTERS WITH diplomatic SPEECH M^ASHINGTON—Here is the inside story of what happened at the famous banquet tendered Wendell \ Wlllkie in Moscow, at which Stalin cHticized the British in the presence of the British Ambassador. ''Like most Moscow banquets for foreign dignitai’ies, the dinner was fpllet^red by a long series of toasts, 'the speakers were introduced by i'oreign Minister Molotoff, four intferpretbrs scribbled in note-books, latfer translated into Russian or English." The thirtieth toast that evening fell to Joe Barnes, former newspaper correspondent in Russia, now with the Office of War Information, and one of Willkie’s advisers on the trip. The toasts had been long and were dragging. Barnes decided it was time to wake people up. So he spoke in Russian. It was the first time in the history of these formal banquets that a visiting American or Englishman had ret>Ued in Russian and it brought down the house. Stalin himself led the applause. Then Barnes turned to the interpreters and signaled for them to interpret irt English. They were, confused. So Stalin suggested that Barnes translate his own speech into his native tongue, which was naturally easy for him, and he did. • Greatest Man In World Next speaker introduced by Foreign Minister Molotoff was Gardner "Mike” Cowles, associate publisher of the Des Moines Register-Tribune and Look Magazine. Barnes had set the pace and Cowles faced the problem of outdoing him. He began nobly. "I propose a toast,” he said, “to the greatest man living in the world today.” The intei’pretcrs translated into Russian. The whole table held its breath. Was Cowles going to toast Stalin as the greatest man in the ^yo^ld ? The Russians looked pleased. Others looked at the British Ambassador. Would he accept Stalin ail greater than Churchill ? Or would Cowles toast Roosevelt? Or was it Willkic? Cowles enjoyed the suspense for a moment, then continued: “I toast the unknown Russian soldier who is winning this war!” '• • Stalin Speaks 'i Thirty-second and next toast of the evening was that of Majoi Grant Mason. Mason is a former director of Pan American Airways, former member of the Civil Aeronautics Board, and a crack flier. He does not, however, pretend to be a speaker, and little did he dream that his speech was to have the most startling reverberations of the evening. Mason’s toast consisted of a sti’aightfonvaid tribute to Rus,siaii and allied pilots who “dare in the jjir which they shaic.” The interpretcis complained that I they couldn’t tiau&late this into ' Russian and make it rhyme. But it ihymcd with Stalin. For after the champagne glasses clicked in honor of Allied and Russian fliers and the company started to sit down, suddenly they discovered that they could not ait down. For Josef Stalin, head of all Russia, was speaking. He agreed with the tribute to the flier.s. But he went on to say that many Russian fliers were flying with Cast-off equipment, with planes the Allies did not want. Stalin bluntly told how, when the United States did send some of the latest airplane models, they had been taken off the ship in Scotland. Suddenly the deep voice of Wendell Willkie boomed forth in a soothing, diplomatic speech on the importance of being frank among ourselves. Good Allies must be frank, he said, but there was also the danger that difference might pull the Allies apart. This, he said, was what Hitler wanted most.
At the recent Cary Hall elections, George Emerson, junior chemical engineer, was elected president of Cary Club for the ensuing two semester^. As president he will direct the activities of the club and head the Joint Council. Allen Beck, junior pharmacist, has been chosen treasurer, Jim Pescok, social chairman and Henry Rossen, political chairman for the club. In the various living units, vice presidents, social chairmen and treasurers were elected Thursday night. The officers of the various units are as follows,; Unit A—Vice president, Ab Schepartz; social chairman. Jack Proseus. Unit B—Vice president, Bill Newill; social chairman, Maurice Udes; treasuier. Bill Schenler. Unit C—Vice president, Leo Wynd; social chairman, Dail Nies; treasurer, Ed Weiland. Unit D—Vice president, Joe Cardona; social chairman. Art Brumfield; treasurei, Wayne Biewer. Terry House—^Vice president, Ken Dawson; social chainnan, Don French; treasurer, Russ Job. Northwest Hall—Vice pi’esident, Harry Fargo; social chairman, Jim Ackerman. Each vice president is the executive officer of his unit and the social chairmen and treasurers act independently for their own groups. Members Will Present Musical In Union Today At 4 This afternoon at 4 o’clock all students and staff members of the University arc invited to attend a musical progi-am in the Music Room of the Union. The program is one in a series that is being offered by the music committee of the Student Union offices. Those who will play in tlm afternoon’s entertainment arc Prof. C. Lanezos, a mathematics instructor in the school of aeronautical engineering; Miss Ruth Jamieson, and Dr. K. Schlcsinger, a member of the electrical engineering school staff. Prof. Lanezos and Jamieson are pianists and Dr. Schlcsinger plays the violin. The progiam will open with two piano solos, “Sonata in D minor” by Scarlatti, and “Toccata and Fugue in D minor, arranged foi the Organ” by Bach. “Sonata in D major for Two Pianos” by Mozart will follow.
'Moon Is Down' Ends Successful
Run With Full House Service Men To Have
Special Showing
Winding up a week of successful performances, the cast of “The Moon Is Down” played to a full ?iouse at its fourth presentation last Friday night in Fowler Hall. Playshop’s first attempt at serious drama this season was well-received
by the student audience.
When the cast swaggered across the footlights last week, they were “emoting” in the original costumes worij hy the actors who appeared in the same play last April at New York’s Martin Black Theater. George Sykes as Colonel Lancer wore the tailored uniform of Otto Kruger while Dick Kohls as Mayor Ogden took a few stitches in the conseiwative black suit worn by Ralph Morgan on Broadway. Carolyn ^Wood followed in the footsteps of Leona Powers when she wore
the gown of Madame Ogden.
Perhaps the story behind the costumes set a goal, for the cast to reach. Performing in true Broadway tradition, they seemed to catch the full import of their lines and managed to convey to the audience the inward emotional experiences of both the conquered and the conqueror in an “occupied country.” Next Thursday and Fiiday nights the play will again be presented to the servicemen stationed here at the University. At Friday’s' performance, a group of new enlistees will bo inducted into the Tippe-
canoe Naval Trainee division.
Wiske, Ragsdale Head Debris Staff McLaughlin To Direct Business Staff; Mers, Macklin Elected Photographers John Wiske of Evansville has been elected editor of the Debris for the coming year, according to an announcement received last night from the electoral board. Wiske is a member of Gimlet and the Beta Theta Ti fraternity. The coed editor position will be filled by Dorothy Ragsdale of Valparaiso, and Ray McLaughlin of Wabash will take over the business manager’s duties. Con Mers of
Boilermakers Lose To Jinx In Non-Conference Game
Banquet
Middletown, Ohio, and Gordon Macklin of Winston-Salem, N. C., were selected as senior photography editors for the com-
ing year.
Ragsdale, who is a member of Chi Omega sorority, is also a member of Gold Peppers, Mortar Board and Delta Rho Kappa. McLaughlin and Macklin are members of PIA and Reamers and Merd is a
member of PIA.
Junior business managers will be
member sof WAA will bo installed. Ruth Stinson, Harold Berry,
•Joe Kotarski and A1 Schachte. On
WAA
To Install Council; Present Awards WAA will hold its annual Winter
Banquet Tuesday evening at 6:30 in the Home Economics Cafeteria. Individual WAA awards as well as intramural cups will be presented and the seven newly elected council
Senate Petitions Junior and sophomore petitions for the Student Senate are due by 5:00 p. m. tomorrow in the Senate office. Petitions must be obtained from the Senate oflice. The following schools have one junior and one sophomore representative each: Horae Economics, Pharmacy, Physical Education, Science, and Agriculture. The Mechanical, Electrical, Chemical, and Civil Engineering schools will elect one junior each, second semester sophomores being eligible.
Xi Sigma Pi
. . . national forestry honorary, initiated the following juniors at their banquet in the Union last Wednesday evening: Tom E. Berger, and Gilbert E. Liming. . / ’
Class numerals will be awarded to coeds who have been members bf a class team thus earning 100 WAA points or those who have accumulated 200 points. Letters will be presented to those who have earned 1000 points and WAA skins, the highest award given by WAA, will be presented to outstanding seniors on the basis of scholarship, loa4brship, health, and sportsmanship. Intramural cups for softball, basketball, and riflery will be given to the semester’s winning teams. Tickets for the banquet, which is open to the public, may be purchased for 65 cents from members of WAA Council or from the main office of the Women’s Gym. All tickets must be purchased by Mon-
day noon.
t
Meredith Club To Meet Tomorrow TomoiTOw at 4:30 p. m., the Virginia C. Meredtih Club will hold a meeting in the Home Economics auditorium. The program will feature a light comedy play, in 'which Jean Burnham, Margaret Baynes, Fran Allen, Barbara Sander’s, Lois Remmers, Connie McCoy, Marion Donham, and Betty King will participate. E. L.Johnson . . . assistant at the expeiimental station in the poultry husbandry department of the Agricultural Chemistry School has resigned to answer Uncle Sam’s call. He was drafted last month shortly after being mairied.
Drama Stalks The Levee . . .
University Student Attempts Suicide Because Of Many Holiday Worries
By Richard Wendell Marshall L. Glub is a typical Univeisity student in that, among othei things happening at this time of year, he was woiried about what to give as Christmas presents. M. L. (as Glub is known to his intimate friends) in a lecent statement to tire press has said, “When I first come to this here place I didn’t have no idee that I would ever git in sieh a purdicament.” It seems that Glub, in a fit of despondency over his holiday problem, hired a personal seivice shoppel to solve his Christmas worries. To date, he has received from this source the following: One sot of Dr. T. A. Vern’s 21 foot shelf of infamous books; three boxes of assorted Mongolian goat hails, adapted espe-
cially foi weaving a home-made zoot suit; one silver pocket flask for carrying bootleg' cigarette lighter fluid; two quarts of Tooty Fruity ice cream, and 73 Kiinkle j Kornies (“if its corn we have it”) ceieal box tops. Due to the e.xpenses incurred in these few purchases Glub was lediwecl to poveity and still has bought no piesents for his family. Yesterday, despondent over it all, he leaped from the bridge into the swift river below. Fortunately Stinky (as Glub is known to his more intimate fiiends) lit on his head upon a floating piece of ice and was promptly rescued by three sorority girls who were wolfing on the levee at the time. Glub, now a sadder but wiser
man, when asked by the pi ess as to why he attempted suicide is lepoited to have said, “When I found out that I could have solved all my Christmas present problems by sending Exponent subscriptions, everything went pink-green. When questioned as to why he didn’t see the usual black, Glub admitted that he had flunked his ERC physical because of color-blindness. “To think I wasted all that theie money and worried so much when now my whole family can use one piesent together,” so saying, Glub cashed in his last month’s relief check and sent a subscription home. Moral—Why be dull, save yourself time and expense and send home an Exponent subsci iption for a present everyone will enjoy.
the editorial staff, the junior editors selected for next year are Bere Clark, Gene Ballard, Peter Sgui’os, Bill Simpson, Marilyn Demaree, Caroline Richardson, Ruth Rcntsch and Marilyn Baumer. The junior photography work will be handled by Dave Dennis, Ray Schneider, Fletcher Thome-Thom-sen and Mary Jo Funkhouser. All of the above officers were elected for two semesters arid will be in charge of the production of next year’s Debris which will make it appearance some time during the latter part of next summer. The present Debris editors will be in charge of the remaining details of this year’s book which will be ready for distribution soon. Miller, Solberg Speak To Pi Tau Sigma Initiates Prof. W. Miller spoke at the Pi Tau Sigma initiation banquet last night in the Union. In his speech, he gave advice to the seniors concerning the problems they will encounter after graduation. The new initiates w^ere welcomed by W. G. Koerner, president of the University chapter and the response was given by R. L. Grunewald. Pi’of. Solberg, head of the School of Mechanical and Aei’onautical Engineering, gave a short talk. After the banquet, large Pi Tau Sigma plaques were given to most of the graduating seniors. New' members of the honorary fratcinity are: R. L. Beebe, P. L. Brink, D. C. Burger, A. S. Goodrich, R. L. Grunew'ald, M. C. Howland, C. K. Jones, R. K. Luebben, D. W. Ochiltree, R. E. Pendley, J. 0. Rellcr, W. B. Root, J. H. Spence, W. A. Spiaker, C. R. St. Clair, J W. Watt, J. F. Workman and J. E. Yingst. Stage, Stump, Studio Banquet Will Honor Seniors On Dec. 16 stage. Stump and Studio’s annual banquet will go on a war-time basis this year. The banquet will be held at Cynthia Jones H^ll in West Lafayette, Wednesday, December 16, at 6 p. m. Awards will be given as usual for special activities, unusual merit and outstanding ability in either the fields of acting, forensics, or radio. In order to attend this banquet one must participate at some time m any of the three activities. Starting with this affair, the banquet will be held three times a year, primarily to honor seniors.
Junior Vegetable Growers Elect Boger President Lawrence Boger, sophomore in the school of Agriculture, was elected the 1943 president of the National Junior Vegetable Growers’ Association at a meeting held a few days ago at Pittsburgh, Pa., and Roscoe Fraser, University horticulturist, was elected to, the adult executive committee, which assists in supervising the junior organization. Walter Scott, freshman Ag, and Ai’thur Dillobaugh of Crown Point were awarded • $100 cash scholarships for outstanding vegetable achievements. Indiana teams won first, second, and fourth placings in the national vegetable demonstration contest which was an important feature of the annual meeting. The first place team demonstrated “A Home Madd Vegetable Dehydrator”; the second place team, “Storage of Vegetables for Winter Use”; and the fourth placing team, "Success with Indiana Sweets.” Ag Seniors To Attend Farewell Banquet Tomorrow Night A token of good will dinner will be given for the University Agricultural graduates tomorrow night at six o’clock in the North Ballroom of the Union. The dinner is being given for the University ag students who are finishing their work and those who will graduate in the coming month. A. P. Stewart, director of the University’s musical organizations, will present a musical progi’am. Harry J. Reed, Dean of the School of Agriculture, will appear as one of the speakers. The ag students will reply through James 0. Bray. Hassel E. Schenck, president of the Indiana Farm Bureau,,will also speak. Besides the gi-aduating students, department directors of the Bureau and the teaching staff of the Ag school will attend. AlChE Holds Meeting To Nominate Officers At the regular meeting of the University chapter of AIChE last Friday afternoon, the main topics of discussion were the presentation of the annual scholarship aw'ard, which will be formally presented to Henry Wilkins next Monday morning at ten o’clock in the Pharmacy building, and the nomination and election of officers for the next semester. The scholarship award which is to be presented to Wilkins next Monday will be in the form of a certificate. The seniors receiving nominations for the office of president and vice-president were Allen Reynolds, Dave Hyde, and Dan Santini. The juniors receiving nominations for the offices of secretary and treasurer are Marshall Busch, George Link and Leonard Vic. The election committee is composed of Bill Walker, Paul Breyfogle, and Bill Southaid. Randall Murrill, president of the University chapter, was in charge of the meq,t-
ing.
The Boilermaker squad last to DePaul by a 45 to S7 scoi^ according to last minute eeports from the CJoliseum in Chicago. The Riveters playud Starting Liii^np Purdue Position DePSfll '' Anderson . .. F Comiff^l^ Kennedy F Ffail^ Menke C Milmn Ehlers . . .. G Lawson G Star^k the Blue Demons of DePaul in the second half of a twin bill which also featured the garue between Notre Dame and Northwestern. ; DePaul has always made trouble for the Boilermakers. Last year’s game was the onTy game in the last four years in which the Riveters came out on top. Even then the score was close with DePaul IqsiUg 30-26. Last year’s high j^]ht man was Captain A1 who scored 10 points agi^b^ the Blue Demons. - Tomorrow nigbt, th4. squ8^ will return to the campus to play Butler in a fast mbvnig game.
ERC Students who have applications on file must complete them before December 15, 1912, as this is the last day enlistments can be accomplished. Anyone having any questions on the Enlisted Reserve Corps should inquire in Room B-4 of the Purdue Armory Friday or Monday before 4:30 p. m. —ROBINSON
V. S. Peterson, Noted Agriculturist To Speak Here V. S. Peterson, Agricultural Consultant for the DuFont Agricultural Extension Divsion, will discuss how research is being speeded up to help develop new proddeW and replacements for unavaiiahle materials required in America’s allout war effort. In a series of talks to be givsti in Lafayette, December 17, Btt. Peterson will speak before the Lafayette Kiwanis Club, the University freshmen agriculture students: at 11 a. m., and the students Of West Lafayette high school at 2:15 p. m. Mr. Peterson will be here in cooperation with the Indiana Gheniurgic Council for which he will toUr the state for two weeks. He will appear in ten cities to discuss industrial uses of farm products. He will present results of reOent studies which have led to wider uSOs of farm products in addition to the development of new chemical products to be used by the farmer in the production of food, feed, fats, aiid fiber, essential to winning of tke war. He will emphasize the fa^ that young people as well as old^r folk, must realize that the war is being fought not only on the field of battle, but also in the home, tfie factory and on the farm. Peterson will illustrate the fact that large quantities of farrit products eventually become weapons .m the war for freedom as well as'tiKe implements of eveiyday living’^d farming by displaying a wide seh^tion of chemical products. He w*ll show numerous chemical^ and chemical compounds useful in the production of agricultural raw nm-
terials.
The speaker is a graduate in agricultural engineering of Kansas State College and has served as agricultural extension engineer in Iowa and Pennsylvania. He was engineering technician and acting director of the Iowa CCC Camps. Kappa Delta Rho . . . social fraternity, announces the election and installation of the following officers for the coming term: President, William Fullerton; vice-president, William Scheef; rush chairman, Prank L. Gray; recording secretary, William Bbr ling; corresponding secretary, Richmond Neff; chaplain, B. Eugene Nicholson; sergeant-at-arms, Diehl H. Martin; house manager, Ernaiih Fischer; steward, Robert ley; social chairman, Jmtita' Meagher: and athletic wawegw-j, Charles Feistkorn,r
Page 2
\
Purdu& Exponent
Sunday, December 13, 1942
China By G. Bi Wu
Editor 0 Nolp To<K 1h Exptnrnl r in for th* first limr an artirk 1 ' t<corgc IS nn Wti enpinoerinit student of Hong: I nnu And Slianphni thina'—more rceentU fr ni NdV VbrW { it5 Georire— r tlonR;—whether he^ls to be thoutrht, of an an American or a«f a Chinese—has been around a good I it an^bohonld Krind out some interesting eopj His column of Chta will am ear rigularK
on this page
Wu 19 a ci^uahfied i cr'^on lo rile of (ho Itrc^jt Oriental nation haMnjr 1 eei an OImh pic an, ofTic al in the lend lea c pro irrati^ of China cxtcns\c traveler in hr-
native land and underpoer of manj nler estinir and narrow escapes m the \ar 7onc
of his count r> —r w !
To I iidcr'itTncl CliiiKst in u \ i its tiiu hglit cue i u t mcnilci that Chin Ins bet i i kik It il count! \ foi tnt p 1 o 000 ^ c i Eight\ pel cent if the 4 H) ni llioh Chine one fiiinei ns comp i c With 30 pci cent in the Li itc 1 States Pi 101 to the i iicl k if he last ceiituij C him \ is (ind to some extent still is) i coinln ol handiciafts mtli each listiict up plying its own need lioin its iwn law nnteiiils opciatiii ii i i guild system Bcfoiothc \ i Cl iiia had practicalh no mtioml ii dm tnes Fictoiic staitcd on icil ii dustiial l°\clopmeit in the Htte pait of the 1 nt centun iloi t, co ist al cities, w eic ow i ed 1 ^ foi ci i con ceins but could lo be c 11 d C b nese iidistii I w s iltci e Sino Japanese \\ i I o' e oit at Chinese 11(1 stii s w 1 de\"!op“l on a laige scilc n accoit uc h the nat onal pol CA cl es tai ce and leconstiuct o i The Chine e Goal n ci t uIIa 1 ealized th it the Sino Japaneseu AAasiotonlA ip do igcd affaii but a total A\ai as a ell id to insuit Chinas fin I aic oia economic le sistante is a impoitant is limed resistance China s ul im ite iim in this Avai IS not onh to defe t Tap in but cAcn moic mpoitant is to iti lizc this oppoitunitAc to leconstiuct a modem ind stiong China So oui national policy Aias foimulitcd bj the National Defense Planning Com mission established in 1933 a ■'^ol
lows 1 Dcvi lopment— (a) ril e defense as fiibt icquiit incnt (b) Fconomic citvciopmtnl is second icquiiement 2 Fst iblishmcnt of basic inclus tiics as of piimuy impoitincc foi loAAcd bA light 01 sccondaiy indus tl A 1 B isic industi ICS lie contiallcd man h bA the Goveinmcnt ind in diAiduil industiics mainly on the coiiin cuial bisis 01 b\ piivatc con ccin 4 Post ai—Although thcic aic no definite plans Aettheio ueiicts jne cnting themsches ( ) Post AAai developments dc pend cnliieK upon friendly lilies joi finuicul uul tcehnicil issist
If a rationed budget makes it
necessary to have apparel do double duly let oui "exactlyright” service stand for economy and long clothes life.
Phojie 4081
DELIVERY FREE
Nor!hwestern at Vine Street
(b) ‘^ell sufhcienev within '5 lo 10 A eai—Opening oi exploiting of all i in 1 of mining on i luge scale to inci case nation il A\e ilth and the im p nen cut of fainiiiv which in turn AA I’l ilso ineicase n itional wealth fe) Mis Ediie itio i—to aa ipe out illite icA iiul to supply t clinical is s st 1 co Consumcis good-i ue „ieitlj in km md People ^till i eed the s ime things as badly as b foie the wai f 1 ot AAoisc We ear lot depend up on foieign eoiintiies oi the supply Ch ni muit ^tep up oni pioduetion hei the coast 1 industiy was fust lost C iinese ind istiialists tinned to the inteiioi of tlie countiy mil vith r cl I ment help and eoopei ition t ited o b tild new mdustiies Pu tie da emphasis was placed on ma elii le ehcmie 1 ind metalluigic il lulistiica ni the National Pe on es Commission uidcitool the e 00 1 ibili j 01 this impoiiant t ibl ithin a holt time theie AAt e A nious i letoi es m diffcicit pioA mci s thioupliou Chin i 0 gan 17 it on rt p OA11 c il levclopniei eoipoi t Oils is a AA i time ecanomie lehicAemcnt The enicf object is to eooidin iti the development ot a i i CHS nidust) lal bi inches md to u mgo them in such i w iv thit the piocess will not only f leilit ite ihe exploit itio of pioAincial lesouiccs but fit into t! e n liis^i al i iconsti ic t o 1 plcii of th nat on is a aa hoh
-—— University CalfeMilar A ^ > f ^ ^ r Week of December 13-19
SumSay, December 13
7 '"0 P M
I utlici an Students Meeting
Room 307 Union
7 30 P M
bciivenei riub Meeting
Pooin 263 Union
Monday, December 14
4 00 P M
Comm on Stile of Umvei sity
I oom 2( Union
4 00 P M
Women s Pan Ilellenie Meeting
Room lOo U non
G 30P M
1 aim Bin can B mquet
Noith Balhoom Union
7 00 P M
Rcimeis Club
Room >04 Union
7 30 P M
Univeisity Club Budge Cioup
W FacuPA IfC Union
7 30 P M
Basl etbill—Butki
1 eldhouse
Tuesday, December 15
2 30 P M
Pin due AVomci s Club—
Newcomeis P utj
Noith Balhoim Union
G 00 P M
Ciiy Club Senioi Banquet
Caiy H ill South
6 30 P M
Math Dcpaitment Dinnoi
L FicirltyLge Union
7 op P M
Alphi Phi Omeg i Meetin,,
Room 304 Union
7 JOPM
Science Studints
W I leiiltj Lge Union
7 30 P M
Chiistim Science
Room 10] Union
7 10 PM
Ccies Meeting
Ro nil 1,05 Ul ion
7 30 P M
Puiilue 1 01 btiJ CIqb
Auditoimn Hoit Bldg
Wednesday, December 16
7 00 P M
Vaisitj Cniistian rdiowship
R( ) n '’07 Union
7 00 P M
M uii igt Co ii'-c
Rooms '’Oi 304 Union
7 30 P M
Pin due Iloit Club
Aiuhtoiiiini Holt Bldg
8 00 P M
Giadnate Dames Budge Gioiip
Room 363 Union
8 00 P M
Jiinioi A A U W Paity
Old Chestnut Rin Union
Thursday, Decembe
r 17
3 00 P M
Seiten Revlew
Hall of Music
4 00 P M
Women s P m Hellei le Kid P iitj
W Fieultvl^c L un
6 oO P M
Senioi Chem Banquet
4 k leiiltA Lge Union
7 oO P M
PI A shop—I 01 Mil Of (&. Staff
LI ilowk HHl
Fslday, December
18
10 00 4l M
AVai Convo—P isicknt El' att
H Ii (f Misie
4 fO P M
Cosmopoiil m C'lb Mtelii e
f oom 04 CI n
7 00 P M
Si,,m i Yu D niK i md Dinet
K (C AA I c L,^e Union
7 00 P M
Pi ij shop—Foi Sc linen Officei
m 1 N lA il benool
Kh/ i Fowh 1 H ill
8 00 P M
Phi Delt 11 beta D mcc
Ch ptei House
8 30 P AI
PTA Dance
South B illi or n Ui cn
Saturday, December 19 bKMOll CLASSES IND
9 0 \
Almic Ol g mi/ itions
'Al st C iletei i
12 00 noon
Agi Fcon Miiketing Gioup
Old Clicstnut Rm Union
7 00 P M
Sigmi Pi Sigm i Imti ition
AA F leultj Lge Union
8 00 P M
Chiistims Convocation
Hall of Music
8 30 P M
Mixei
South Balhoom Union
8 30 P M
bigmi Alpha AIii Dmc''
Cliaptci House
8 30 P M
AAestmmstoi Co op Du ce
Home
9 00 P M
PI 1 Mu Radio D nice
R ns OO 61 Ul nn
8 tO P A'
L iinbd V Chi Alnh Dai ee
,^h pt 1 House
Personnel Notes
Problems For Fun
Companies to visit campus Shell Oil Co New Yoik City— Decembei 16 Interested in Chemi cal Engineers Chemists (men oi women) Radiation I iboiatoij Mil, Cambiidgo Mass —Deecmboi 18 Inteic4ted in Physicists and EE Sign in Poisonnel Office
Bausch £. I omb Optic il Co Ro chestei New Yoik^—Intciestod in Decembei and Apnl ME chomistiy II physicists Si»n m Peisoniul Of flee immcdi itch Shupes Chemieals Inc M y in lotte Michigan — Tntciested in Chemists Si~,ii in Pcisonncl Ofliee by Wedne day Deeenibci 16 I ibbv MeNciil & I ibbj Chie i o III —^Inleiestcl n Diccmlei oi Apnl ML ChL Si n in Pe oi i cl Office by Mclnesdav Decembei 16 Spait in Airciaft Companv Tuls i Okla—Iiiteiested m Decembei md Apnl AeioF Sign m Pcisonncl Ot ficc by Fiid ly Dec 18 ( ako Chemical Div Vmenc in (Lvananiul Conipaiiv Pout d Biool N J—Intelested in CI emieal En„i necis Chemists Sign in Pci'^onnel 'Office by Thu d lA Dee 1"
IT»$ tHRiSTMM CARD TIMEE
unnif
i4~
HMlgEOOK&SIMYniM
ITATK IIOEEI
%Sn CAFAVSTTB i
THUNDERING FROM THE SKIES!
Here they come! Storming your heart with their daring as they fly for romance vengeance and Victory' Filmed TECHNICOLOR!
in
ARC
TODAY MONDAY- : fU" iMKt.
h ZASU PUTS Graily Sutton • Oscar 0 Stiea • loulsa Currla
''starring GENE TIERNEY
PRESTON FOSTER JOHN SUTTON
— ALSO — COLOR CARTOON
Greatest Naval Battle to Date BATTLE OF MIDWAY All in Technicolor
0 reefec/ by WILLIAM A WELLMAN P odueed o tJ W /en fo fhe Sc een by LAMAR TROTTI
LyHA
TODAY and TOMORROW
SIDE BY SIDE THEY FIGHT .. AND L0VE> Men w th w ngs Women of war'
MARS -MOW Pine
fas) -vn ^ 'liR /R yn tiH Am sit
\\
SPRUCE UP FOR CHRISTMAS
ivJiL tPuLdJL cdqcL jcOimmA.—
COZY-WARM SWEATERS "SLOPPY JOES" WOOL SKIRTS MATCHING SUITS SLACKS, JACKETS
See Ihca^ and many more at™ STEIGERS SPORTS BAR
An o^oriment of gifts to make the heart of a girl beat faster!
PLUS —SECOND HIT HAIR RAISING ACTION
/R Va y-j 4 1 V yav-V y-j Vi /r ^r \\ >r ^ /r v*) /r m ,r w ^
CHESTER MOHRIS' ^
To facilitate then eoiiLidci ition solutions should be submitted on sep i late “'igned sheets bcfoit 4 p m liuliy Deitcmbei 18 Include with e idi solution 1 signed stitcnicnt that the solution was obtained unassisted Solutions ale to be handed m at the Mathein itics Oflice This IS the last pioblcm in the senes of Piobkms foi Fun loi uhis Icim The Avirnci will Le mnounced in the Fiponenl of Decembei 20th The fust piobkm of i sc cond sei les ol Pioblemsloi Fun will ippeai on Januaiy 10 1943 PROBLEM 11 Piove (without ufeing numciical values of the tunctions) 1 11 H
1 bin 15 - Remaiks on Pioblom 13 Ihe two solutions to last 8471J8 95408
cob 15 bin 30 sm 45
Buy War Bonds
wctl s pioblein i i
CttriJ «rrM$l Always ^ Alstittttlve
847108 96438
912546
942646
■M YOUR BAGGAGE AHEAD •n
■AMD JAKE YOUR TRAIM CAmEE!
Di 11 stirt foi home elutteiid up with luggigc Just phone Rau a Exi lU So ind we II call lor your trunks and bigs speed them to )Oui home md save you time and needless won Gives you moie room md eomfort on the tram too to si> nothin; of | lek up and dehveiy at no extn clnrgc w th n our regular vehicle limits in ill cities and pnncipil tow ns Y n cm send collect too when you use Railn A\ Lx IRI j i t phone lot inf imation oi service
AOLNCY INC. NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
DOUBS FEATURE NOW SHOWING
JAML5
5*T:agney
ALL !N TECHNICOLOR
A NEW WARNER BROS TRIUMPH w Ih (DENNIS MORGAN • BRENDA MARSHALL DIRECTED BY MICHAEL CURTIZ also AtAM HALE GEORGE TOBIAS REGINALD GARDINER REGINALD DENNY
Refreshing Dialogue — Thrillmg Suspense Hilarious Comedy m a Now Kind of Story — Told in a Brand New Way' “PEIR 13” with LLOYD NOLAN — LYNN BARIpec^mber 1% 1:942:,
Piag»^
Cap'n Al
' ' )■ . By Ronnie Butler ' • AS'Rirants iof'tire, cage game down in the vicinity of Butler T^iiiversity ar.e looking forward to Decertiber 14 when tho Bullclogs will'meet'the Riveter quintet in the Purdue Fieldhouse. Jiast''Season the? Boiler-makervs; were able to - beat the Butler flveiby; ia^ sOoEe of 50'to-34i This was the■ elosovst of a series of gairihs tOiafe'were played between the vacation holidays. Last ;^^K?!SjhfBacaso was close all ^ ^;
tfiEclaghiitheJ flEsfe’-period, but i^heBoileximakers'cameback at theyhalfiandi put oh - ai brilliaot apijEt? wihieht puti theih^ 'ont the 'long end^of laiescorev ThelulL ^Ogs:i|hayeralW:ays been noted ftr Oi^o'du'cihjg ‘a’ tcitni that i, scrapp'y to’-'tiie IhfetwiiiStICaiid'this is the
•«ya jr Witte this ytea«-/a' squad.
New-’l?ates;'Ini'Ranl{s'! ' ' ' '■ The-Butlei’ bt(aad; i^' sttidded' Muth pew faces lit'from’'the I'ahks of the rhinie diCisibrii' Sbhiie of these are: Jphn Bowdr'clifip, lait yeai’ts frbshipan hQnorary(eaptain, arid Marshall ^‘:Koondog” libbntz. , Some of last ypar’s returning, veterans include Gapt. Fred “RoHev” Hunkier, fiery red-haired senior guard who has See*n much action with the Bulldogquintets, Glen- Miller,, tall,■cepter, Who last year set a sophomore scor'ihg record, Robert Fletcher, Carl
Braden and Frnie Tidrow.
New Coach, Hfcddon
The coaching duties this-, year at Butler have. been taken- over by Frank “Pop” Heddon due to the loss qf Lieut. PauL D. “Tony” Hinkle,
Everything for a P College Education .DEAG’S- ,
Three Big ine Hen Named AMmerican
' Associated' Press yesterday announced 'their selectibh of. ani AllAnierican football team—three men fi’om the Western ConferenceAvere,
named.
Those-Big Nine players selected ■(vbre Bob Shaw, end, Ohio State; Dave Schreinei-, end, bf Wisconsin; and Dick Wildung, tackle, of Minnesota. Wildung and Schreiner were chosen' for the second timej' each making the honorary. last season. Shaw’ was the only junior to be
chosen on the squad.
Three ihore Big Nine; players received nomination on the second team: Billy Hillenbrancl, back, from Indiana; and. tWo> Michigan men, , tackle A1 V/isfert, and guai-d Julius
Pranks.
v.-ho is nov.- head coach, at' Great Lakes Naval Station.. “Pop” is the liincl of fellow vvho likes to shoulder air the blame, shunning all opportunities for alibi.s. Coach Pleddon maintains that ho will not allow -any returning veterans to land a berth on the starting five on the basis -of outdated pi'css notice.s. There 'will be no change iii the Butler ha'j-dwood. strate.gy and the Plinklc system will be instituted throughout.
Al Menke, captain of this season’s Boilermaker net squad, who made 13 points against Wabash in the first game of the sea,son last Thursday, and who played a leading role in the DePaul fracas last night. DU Pledges Win Fight ■Victors in,tlie. annual snow fight held between pledges of Delta Upsilon and Kappa Sigma were the DU pledges. The, battle occurred in the side lawn west of the Kappa Sig house on North street last Friday
noon. :
.The victorious DU ncoiihytes returned from the battle'bear.ing IG Kappa Sig- trousers, losing only four pairs of their, own pants.
1
Ik
fa--S'
if W
9.
Olyis^6e
fovi
r f- U KJiue
tLe
” ■
/9/Vl 7 J-. ■/i/,) // ne V lyan i:f. / ^7 '■9- .
You'll be proud to give her .a ring you select here—and she'll be proud and. heaveny-happy to -wear it: Our diamonds a.re famous for. 'their beauty, 'brilliance and fine cutting. Make your selection now, and, find out particulars of our easy payment plan.
A
We have a large assortment of diamond rings in. prices from $15.00. to $1,000
A
If i M If m m m u
^ ® ® If ■I
Siiuthwui't!i’fj-~W.
UH
The
ii
UlewsL By Joe Dawson
^ Johnson Pnaises Boilermakers During the Wabash game Thursday night we tried to get the opinion of. several of those in the pi-ess box as to the prospects of the Ri-vetevs this year. Phil Johnson, Exponent Sports Editor two years ago, had nothing but praise for the spirit and fight of the inexperienced sophomorejunior combination. .He particularly liked the all-around play of Ed Ehlers, the South Bend sophomore who held the high-scoring. Greve to four measly points. ^ Woodworfh Likes Tm Bob Woodworth, assistant publicity director here at the University, stated that ''The material seems to be there; if some of the rough spots can be .smoothed ;Over, the Riveters should have another very successful season.” ^ ► At Least-Somef-hing To Work With Of course, it’s much too early in the season to begin predicting what the Boilermakers can do. However, almost everyone seems to agree with Woodworth in the fact that the calibre of the players is good; this at least gives Lambert something, to'work with in quest of his twelfth Conference title. Probably Another Fine Team Personally, tVe believe that with such determined and talented performers as Al Menke, Rudy Lawson, Ed Ehlers, Jack I^nnedy, Myrwin Anderson to work with, and with the aid of the revised schedule, the firey little Riveter mentor will come up with one of the finest teams in the middle west; We’ll wait until the Big Ten season starts before "saying anything about the Boilermaker chances against Illinois, Wisconsin and the rest. BsiJ’ler Mere Tomorrow . Tomorrow evening in the Fieldhouse, the Riveters will meet the alwaystough Butler quintet. This group of courageous ball players, led by redthatched senior guard Fred Hunkier, ha's been forced to travel 14 miles each afternoon to the Pensy Gym in downtown Indianapolis to practice since the Navy took over their spacious Fieldhouse nearly a year ago. They, really love to play so don’t count on a nushover tomorrow night.
Notice
The Exponent Si)<)rts Stuff extends an; ivitation for all undcrc!a.ssmen interested in sports writing to drop arqiiiul to the .sports office in the Fieldhouse any
Monday, Wednesday , or Thursday afternoon; or to the Exponent office in the sub-basement of the Union Building any Saturday afternoon and ask for a member of the Sports StafT. Exponent Sports Staff
Whether you spend little' or much, your gift v/ill be impressivG if gmu .make' your
selection from our iiine col- 'ml
leeiicn.
/
Intra-.squatl wrestling was the highlight of yesterday's ac-, tivities in the wrestling room of the Boilermaker Fieldhouse. Coach Claude Reeck extentporaneougly paired off his grapplers as to weights, Don Phillips acted as refei’ete, and the affair was run off in regular wrestling meet order. The express purpose of the fray wa.s to give the unexperienced men and freshmen (freshmen mhy be allowed to compete in varsity competition —— ^ —; —
next semester) a taste of formal competition, give them a general idea of how things are run off in a meet, and for the varsity men, a review of meet tactics. The meet also .served as a deviation from every day routine. Each match was scheduled to last six minutes, two minutes of 'wrestling from a standing start, and trvo two-minute periods with each man in the referees position one period.
Football Now the Climax
A medium sized crowd of spectators witnessed the following falls: Frank Ruggieri, big ten heavyweight champ, battled to a slight
decision over Dick Barwegen.
A pair of beginners. Bob Lautzenheiser and’Dick Kasting, spent six fatiguing minutes in which Bob Lautzenheiser took a slight decision over his adversary. These boys were in the neighborhood of 121 pounds. Bob Armstrong and Woody Woodruff, a pair of 145-pounde!'S, tangled next, and Woody. Woodruff took the narro'w decision over Armstrong-. . In a very fast fall which ended in a draw. Bob Roberts and Dan Nettesheim grappled. They hvevc 146
poiniders.
Again in''the varsity set,<'Jim Par--atire and "^Tlmar Davis battled, six minutes to a draw. Paratire 'vvas unbeaten in dual competition last year. 165 pounds. Two more freshmen, Don Davis and" Geor.ge Steudel, in about the 128-pound division, battled fiercely with Davis coming out on top in the
deci.sion.
Mai'k ■ Matovina, Big- Ten 1:56pound. champ, and Prank Dunn, a. '^opho'.'i'ioi"} trar.sfcr .-rtudent Colorado State, put on next 'the :’asteT and most closely coii'tcstct; match, of the ai'teri'-.oon.' Iua't',''v''.n ; won a very close cleci.'^ion. . Bob. Platt and 'Pe-nUI T"ar.-on'?.
Indoor Track Team Trains For Opener Track Coach Hermon Phillips has declared indoor track season open full blast. Although the first meet with Indiana University isn’t scheduled till late in January, Phillips has a good sized squad at his command, and by this first meet, expects a very satisfactory squad. Due to the present transportation problem the remainder of the track schedule has been temporarily neglected till some sort of arrangements have been made. It maybe possible to put into effect the same sort of a plan that the basketball . season is depending on, one ■where joint meets will take the place of
the old dual meet system.
Phillips hesitated to make any prediction for the coming season; however, he did state that he was. very satisfied 'ivitii the', turnout and
enthusiasm being-shown.
Illinois state high school 121-pound champ, were the next two contestants and their efforts were perfectly matched. The meet ended in a
draw.
Jim Paratire in his second appearance. won a decision ■ over ErnioNatke, Illinois .state 145-pound champ. ■ . Davis Wins Velmar Davis, in his second apparance, pinned Ed Klein, not with-, out considerable difficulty, and in a l.iout between two moi-e beginners, No'.-m GciLdcn pinned Don Dial. In an.othei' bout between begin!:c!'s, Dr.le Gaundcr.s pinned John Thief IK'!', and in the final fi'acas,. Ilaiol'i Parsons ^■.■on a close decision
i6enback 504 Main Street
m
If you ve a gift for gifts— youll give him Arrow Ties!
Because you know that he-—like woA'f men—^prefers Arrows and wants Arrows for Christmas . . . and all year ’round. Arrow Ties are wrin-kle-resistant, and make perfect knots every time. We’ve got the newest Arrows in solids, stripes and patterns. .. .$1.00 up. (Also see our. Arrow Fancy Shirt and Tie Combinations!)
Dewenter’s 416 MAIN STREET
A R r o w: I..,1,11, T / B S
vije
a
322 MAI?4 STREF’r.
■ LAFAYl^ri’TE
ifY ^
/ '’ '■fj ()'(’' '■( V¥‘'v ®jl',!» *'''“i''
i
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, December 13, 194^
Purdue Exponent t^aniage Course
Registration Closes Wednesday, Dec. 2S
MrtfcWI M srcand cIMh matter at the p»« dine» t« Lata>’«tte Indiana, under the Ml nf CdhgTeit* »f March 1, 1879, and at thd mteciki rate ot poetatre provided for in aMlioA lldS, act of October 1. 1917 anthoriacd Janaarir 20, t922 Published on Tucs diy, Thoraday Friday and Sunday mornmits dnrina the year Oeliy erOd locally by earner for it 75 for a semester or 59 00 for two Oeineslera, by mail for $2 tiO for a semester or te.50 for tno semesters Itepresented for national adserlisintr by Natmnal Advertisinsr Seryice Inc CollcRe Pahlishers Representatives 420 Madison Are New York, N V
Editor-io-Chief
Nevto Editor
Manairlnc Editor Rosineas Manaifcr
Coed Editor
William G Hoskins Robert W Bosw inkle
Dale E Butz
Gerhard H Klouman
Sally Beall
STAFF FOR THIS ISSUE NithI Editor Martindell ■ Sports Editor Sowards Das Editor Wilbur lasuc Editor Abbctt Workers Patrons Rich irdson Sttplu n son Edmond^-on \t inslon
Faculty Will See First Preview Of Campus War Movie Univeisiti faculti inembois will jret the fiist \iew o1 a nev, film "Campus ou the Maich,’ a one leel sound pictui e show in^, w ai activ itids of the Unneisiti and seveial othei univeisities otci the United States The lb mm sound pittuie w'lll be shown at the dose of f aculti meeting Monday afternoon in Eliza Fow lei Hall R C oodw oi th assistant diiectoi of the Buieau of Infoimation, will discuss the mak ing of the film At the iiiMtation of T R John ston, diiectoi of the Buieau of In foimation a ciew of Office of Wai Infoimation cameia men diiected by Francis D Lvon came to the campus 111 June to picture some of the wai woik heie They spent neaily a week woiking on a schedule of events set up foi them by Johnston and Woodwoith in co operation with Univeisity officials and faculty membeis The^ shot seveial thousand feet oi film showing flight tiaining ROTC naval training school shop and laboiatom woik faim woik bv guls, and Uumeious othei activities Latei the ciew visited institutions of highei learning fiom Caliioinia to Cambiidge, Mass including Tesas and Louisiana and glimp es of the wai woik IS shown at scieial iiisti
tutions
The piiiit of the putuu his been deposited with the Buieau of In formation and ma\ be liool ed foi showing bv local oi-.anizatioi s in the eommunity oi o\ ei the si vtc b^ contacting that Buieiu Copic ol the film haie been sent to Indiana Univeisitv and film di^ti ilnitiim agencies ovei the United States A similai film ‘C ollc.,es at War,” on standaid J5 mm width IS being leleased tluough theatiical booking agencies to all theaties in the nation this month J W Dita mole, managei of the Hall of Music has booked this film foi the weekh Thuisday afteinoon show foi the student body and it is hoped that it will be lieie foi use next Thuis day, and also be kept ovei foi the regulai Fiiday night USO shows foi men in unifoi m Dr. J. L. Bray head of tl e School ol C hem ical and MetaBuigical Lngincoiing is the aulhoi of a newlv published hook, "Feiious Pioduction Metal luigv ” The book designed as a text loi coBc-o sti dents covcisthe pi inciples and cuiicnt jiiactice ii the pioduction of non and steel One chaptci is dts oted to the i aw niateiialb non mes fuels net ess ii ’ foi pioduction ihc fluxes, and lime stone The icmamdci of flic book elcsciibes \aiious methods of pioc tssing the oic and inoblcms ol steel nulls inclu i im ci-,incciin„ ehem istii anel a wide eaiiclj oi know 1 edge Used ii th s w oi Iv
All students desiiing to becoiine iiiembeis of next seiiiestei’s Maiiiage Couise at the Univeisity should make application to Mi Wilkening Assistant Dean of Men anil Cooidinatoi of Matiiage Couise, bv Wednesday, Decembei 2,1 which will be the final elate loi consideimg applications This letlei of application should include name, addiess, telephone minibei and membeis of the staft who can lecoiiiiiiend the student Fill thei 11101 e the student’s leasoii foi wanting to tciko the couise should be mcludeel (In. JtuL QhuJichsLdu Mest Lafayette Baptist Church Rev Joseph Baud Gleason Ministei and I’astoi of Students 9 JO^—Roger Williams Class 10 15—-Chuich Woiship Seivice Re\ Joseph B Gleason will give the message “Attend to Yoiu Sciiptuie Reading” “The Biithilay ot the King’ by Neullin^ei y\ill be sung by Eiic Gieenfield 7 00—Cy iilhia Jones Hall Chiist mas music diiected by Joan Guevei Pi ice A modem Chiistmas diama, A Stiangei in Bethlehem ” yvill be piesentecl by the diama gioup of the Foundation Diiectoi Patiicia Bioivn chaiacteis, Alan Ahel, Noima Abbett Patiicia Blown Vance Lockhait Don Wainei and othcis Polloyying the play the annual “Yule Candle” will be piesented to some peisoii oi peisonj, yyho have made some outstanding conti ibutioii to the chuich A com mittee ol students make the =elec tion Ihis yeai the aw aid goc> to
Willy bhclloy
Penalty Day 'I uesday December 22, is a penally day I ndei no ciicum stances yyill a lelease liom the S5 00 penalty lee be giantcel lo anyone loi absence eluinig llie 21 liou! pciiocl Ibis IS also the last day of the teim yyhen final giatles must be lepoiled lo the Registiai "Viiy stui’ent yyho lails to attend his last class may be endangeiing fiis term giade \o consideiation yyill be gnoii to peisonal calls or to letteis diiected to this office
—GOLDSMIIH
University Will Offer Life Saving Courses For Women Students Women life guaids aie needed at syvimmmg pools and beaches to leI'lace men who have loined anel will Ui3 loiniiig the aimed forces The de'paitnient of Physical Education fot Women is offeiing tyvo couises winch should be of mteiest to women s^tudents yvlio yyish to qualify foi, lobs oi this soil Ol as counsellois of caanp vvateifionts The'-te couises aie ciedil couises m Physical Education but may' he elected b V the student on a non ciedit bcgsis The couise in Red Cl OSS Life9 Saving and Watei Safe ty will imeet on Wednesdays at 4 00 Any s'tuelent who is pioficieiit in swimmiiTj’ skills is eligible to take this cotr'sc On Thuisday s at 4 00 p in a spe cial instiuctois’ couise in Red Cioss Lite Saving and Watei Safetv will be offcied to aO students who aie qualified Senioi Life Saveis Stu dents desiiing ten quality as membeis of the Life Saving Coips which opciates fn the Women’s Swiiiiming Pool must take the in sliuctois’ couise euthei foi ciedit 01 as an elective Placement Notes For Women Tianscontmcntal anel M^esteiii All, Inc , Kansas City, Mo aie in teicstcel in icceiving applications fiom gals foi ail hostess positions Students intciesteil should call Placement Seivice foi tVomcn (2955) foi fiuthei infoimation
Mudball ache ache ache hey there clarence i ache so bad that i doiit think i will be able to play checkers with you tonioiioW the reason IS 1 jumped when the lions roaied when i yy alked past i fell and hit mj head on the libiary wall before 1 got stopped painfully —MUDBALL
Attention! In Older to stymie any misleading rumors to the effect that there will be no PE 12 for the coming week, the PE 12 department states that theie will be PE 12 this coming week Attendance will be taken
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds watchts Uptwntcis Alberts Loan Offict 10 Columbia anted—Student dmei iblc to lift Du nil It itom neai c impus pait compens ition io) Vint St Phone 5 ISO anted—Students intcicstod in pcddlmtr Iht Exponent C ill Exponent Ask for Reel Uuw Ud
Typewriter*—Addme Machines, all makes aold, rented, repaired, and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Bbershoff, 605 Main, Lafkyette* Phone 2779 j Lost—Gi ten billfold between village and Executive Building Reward Ph6ne 8413 Lost—Black Icathei billfold containing curiency Generous reward Call Ernie Gordon 2476 For Salic—Sire 38 tuxedo in good condition For further information, call 31^01 after 5pm
Horticultural Society* Meeting Wednesday evening Thesis Will be read —‘MYERS Agriculturist There will be a meeting of the Business Staff of the Agriculturist Monday Eec 14 at 4 p m -HARBIN Senior Military All seniors who have completed both MT 7 and MT 8 may draw $7 commutation at Cashier s Offict starting Saturday morning Dec 12 1942 —BROWN Reamer Club Next meeting Monday Dec 21 because of basketball game /on the 14th —BRAY
Eta Kappa Nu * Rough NIto’* will bc Monday Dec 14 at 7 30 p m Meet at the f rpnfc door of the BE building with full cquiphient* —KIBPBR Eta Kappa Nu Initiation in room 804 of the Union 4 30 p m Tuesday Dec 15< followed by a banquet at 0 p m —PELTOSALO
Union Kevs Will the following please obtain theii Union Keys Monday Dec 14, at 4 p m in Union office Clearwater, Pierce, Mathis Menkol Senaur Formica, May, Link Flanagan —KATTBRJOHN
ill pay cash for uiv old t cvelts Kit'd Shell Seivict at C lumbiu
r new used bi Northwestern
Notices
Exponent Keys All those who have been on the Exponent staff for the past two terms and are entitled to n key m ly get them from Jane Kcim in the office KLOUMAN ASME El Ction of oflieei’s will be held Wednesday Dee lb at 4 p m m room 108 ME Building —LLOYD Purdue Players Important meeting Tues dry Dec 15 at 4 1 > in Fowler Hall There will be election of officers and election of awaids DUKE Episcopal Thde will be a Holy Communion for students followed by breakfast in the parish house Sunday December 13, at 3 a m —IHORNTON Virginia C Meredith Club Members There IS a meeting Monday December 14 at 4 p m in the HE Auditorium Please be piesent —WENDELL Tau Beta Pi Important met ting for clcc tion of oil leers Wednesday Dee 16 at 7 30 p m Room to b< innounced later Shingles plaqius and kiys will be distiibuted Refreshments will be scived Full attendance is expected for this last mefting of the semester -YOUNGBLOOD Lutheran Students Regular devotional discussion meeting will be held in room 307 of the Union Sunday Dec 13 at 7 30 p m —WALLACL Union Committees Monday Dee 14 Meet mgs m olfiee it I 11 p m Ihoy are is foi lows Peisonml Biwiki Kindiip McMur tny Swnnson Hillcnbrandt Katy Clayton publicity Collishfci Stallings Ctrnella Hip skind Samsiskon Boston Nacthan club anrl browsing Ciaig Kmisch Price Bodlev D\ikc> Sari,„{ ri ere ation ShaUing Smith DeToIie Hams Moltson Tui ey Millholm defense Beal r\ Ajipk Cantley Cummini s Griybill music loom Armskimg Jcnkings liUotson Wh>U Vlliott —HILLFR
FLORSHEIM SHOES * »
lost—Small blael RCA portable radio left in bus 6Lh ind Mam Sunday 3pm Rew ud Cill Bob W light 2)73 lost—Ii^ log duplex lectoi slide rule nnd ease on St ite St last bundiy Reward I hi nc -bb"' Found—I ul(i pel n ii Music Hill Ihiisdny afternoon Dec 10 Cull 7801 J Kruee 1
If You Want Good Work On Your Garments SEE JOE'S TAILOR SHOP STATE & CHAUNCEY
|Whethef you’re on active duty or awaiting your call, choose Florsheim Military Shoes. You can take them with you! Host Styles *1050 and X-RAY FITTINGS A. B. C Shoe Co.^ Inc. 406 Main Sh
TEAR UP THAT CHRISTMAS LIST Let us solve the whole problem for you with photographs, so easy, so etonomital—and vet so distinctive SCOBEE’S PHONE 2313 105 NORTHWESTERN AVE
BUY DEFENSE BONDS AND STAMPS
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
Clothes Scived mean Dollats saved . , . Hav e your clotheb Sanitoned regularly and get "^‘longer mileage.”
Dial 7278
132 Northwestern
[RICili LAUNDRY
For Dad . . . A lira I of tin f m th an I i nil all nround s\ < II (.uv Dil rrally deserves a { rcUv niftv ^ifl ^ oil II hnd bih <1 jii t t) at I i^lit here it Dt 11 ii
For Mother . . 'Y 111 II II t i > ^ t (111 I L I f I Mollur loian dir h jii I di ml thr ! t Mothr ii dl Ihr rl 1 \f.ai i %ou i m Iril Ihr 111 )| I nu toi luf.li a I nc al Dcikcr »
BRIEF CASE
1 cather Zipper Stvle Fountain Pen Desk Set Smoke Stands, Walnut
$3.50 ui) $5,50 up $5.75
Your friends will recognize and appreciate the [[ALLMARK name on the back oLthe Christmas^Cards ^youtsend. Souihivifdhk.
OJfitc Equipment and Accessories
We sing for our Alma Mater
with all its joys and hurts.
[
1 1-- J
a)
prr} ^ mi
We hail with praise our college days
and our new
For Sister . . . Cosmetic Sets by IcLong INUlSfKFT SIUO( ( O MON IMA( L ( ARPI HFE $5.00 - $20.00 1091 liv yiihtional
LeLONG PERFUMES Siroico Perfume from $2.25 Jabot Perhimi from $2.25 Iinpromptu Pirtume from $2.25 Balalaika Perfunu from $1.65 Solid Cologne from $2.00 Bath I’owder from $2.00 ( reiiic Cologne from $1.50 10% Tax Additional
For Lillie Brolher . . .
For Uncle . . .
GAMES
I) mlilr Up Krtss Kross 1 I,, Due Hookrv ritrrkcrs liurmR Rook nuiih
Others oOt and up
SPORIS
I u 1/
S
Mel r(„ r Ml V5 s ti.h riiii Shill Dtrl Burl fill 1 \r ]ui> < til I h
I'^or Aunl . . . e RYSI\L (ill,, . I K I I I I II I II I I I i| 11 < I III ni Ma I I I I I I I I Ii I I $1.00 - $20..50
For the '^1 Boy I’Viettd . . .
l)oi>i> Kils Buxton Bilitolds Buxton Kiviainirs ( liarbiil Shaving Sits M.iniciiri Si Is Itobinsoii Rcmindiis Svv.uik IMen’s Jiwilrs
liom $4 75 fiom $J .25 liom 50r from $2 20 liom $2 25 from it 00 fiom $1.10
McGregor Good Luck
Ensembles
Aimv Snt.itii ,iiid Aiiis-oiks
$5.00 * Olheial bieltl Jacket
$5.95
For llu* Girl Friend
I .1(1' Biixion Billfolds ( ostium J< weir' < oinpai Is IVlaiiK iin Sets Mtisual Ponder Boxes
from $1.00 from $1.10 from $1.00 fioin $8.50 from $4.95
Parker - Skeaffer
Pen and Peiuil Sets liom .$5.00 Servite Diaries from 69c Seivice hfalioneiy Irom 50c
$8.50 V-Mail Stationeij lOe, 25c, 50c
DECKER'S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036