, J I »' ' (fi > < ' > ^ , I '■ ' S ’ "" I , '^ ■' ^ 1 (Wk r
-U • ' ''^/'^,
, /
i »,< f, ,'•
'<?',’'•■«'/} -I( , ‘<f![ ..'m MIftftY CHRISTMAS
and
HARPY NEW YEAR
^EiT 55, No. 66
Esrabllthed 1689
Purduo University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, December 2D, 1^2
idum
University To Hold Graduation Exercises Today
iiveters Lose To Irish In Close Game, 46-43
Captain Menke Leads Scoring With 12 Points
R, Woodruff, D, Green Will Receive Honors
Buses And Trains Announce
Program For Second Commencement
’ ;(Si)eciaI)—Notre Dame extended its winning streak to five st'i^fght by handing Purdue its second defeat in four starts,
43, before a capacity crowd of 4,800 last night.
';‘TKe Boilfermakers took an early lead but Notre Dame rallied t^ go ahead 2S to 12 at the half and 2S to 17 after five minutes Of*' the Second half. Here thO Riveters launched a rally that
New Holiday Arrangements
Two Special Trains
Of Year To Begin At 1:45 In Music Hdl
New York Central Schedule Schedule of Regular Trains “A”—of Special Trains “B”
Tuesday, December 22
Stay
Says
brought; them into a 30-all tio f0|ir,‘minutes later. The lead ^ee^wed for the next moment i|ot;^e Dame emeTging with a
^4 to 33 edge on Tom Bren- ^ - hair's long push shot with eight I I m ■I* ■ I m^ntktes left. The Boilermakers nev- | ]| % 11
^l* tegalfled the lead.
J. it’dnnan’s follow-up shot and Prahk Curran’s free toss were offset by free throws by Oapt. Al Menke kfid^ Eddie Ehlers. Bob Faught ^Ade a follow-up for the Irish but Paul Friend cancelled it. Faught’s frfee toss and a follow-up by Bill Davis built a 42 to 37 Notre Dame
lead.
Bdilermakers Pull Up
Myrwin Anderson’s short set shot and Ehler’s free toss made it 42-40 as the crowd went wild. Curran sank a follow-up and Floyd Lawson retaliated with a free throw. Johnny Nlemeihr made a short shot after sortie fancy passing to give the Irish
Here Called Elliott
A Lv: Lafayette 11:10 A At. Indianapolis 12:55 P At. Cincinnati Ar. Cleveland Ar. Buffalo Ar. N. York
2:00
A 12:42 P 2:00 P 5:40 P 9:05 P 12:34 A 9:00 A
B 4:10 P 6:30 P 9:20 P 1:40 A 6:60 A 12:30 P
A 4:20 P 5:40 P 9:20 P 1:40 A 6:50 A 12:30 P
A 12:20 A 2:10 A 6:10 A 11:46 A 6:00P 4:46 A
Lv. Lafayette Ar. Chicago
11:63 A 2:45 P
6:03 P 8:45 P
1:55 A 5:10 A
Frosh, Soph ERC's To Remain Till May
To Chicago
2:63 P 5:00 P 6:60 P 7:45 P
“A” caiTies only a limited amount of equipment and may be loaded with Army and Navy men. “B” will be special trains, starting at Lafayette December 22, and will have such coach equipment as is available.
Speaking to the attentive ears of the largest representation of the student body yet to attend a war convocation. President E. C. Elliott delivered his message, “A Formula foi Faith,” in the Music Hall Friday
morning.
Marriage Course
“If you are wise you will all come
tbei[r final total, and Anderson end- ^‘^bool after the holidays,” efd Pufdue’s scoring with a long shot ®^bott said, and went on to say a Ittjnute before the gun. ‘-hat t^e University would go to the ' Mhnke led the scoring with 12 helping the students^ stay poMta and Ehlers pleased Irish fans school. Elliott mentioned that WHbfhls 11 points. The Riveters will special loans will be available to rtiortt Washington of St. Louis in the those students of ability, who lack
Uifcal EiblfihbUSe tomorrow night.
fitbilei'jmakers Hot And Cold ^Jotrh Dame made 26.7 per cent
of its shots and Purdue only 20 per chrit irt the first half. The Boiler-
the necessary finances for next Semestei registration. , Work Here Affects Future Status As an incentive foi students to study while still in school, Di.
All students who are interested in becoming members of next semester’s Marriage course should make application to Prof. Wilkening by letter. This letter should contain name, address, telephone number, and members of the staff who can recommend the student. Furthermore it should include the student’s reason for wanting to take the course. Final date for consideration of the application is Wednesday, December 23.
Trustees Accept $87,400 Grant For Farm Research
A To Leave Tuesday 4-10 A Special arrangements for 7:66 A transportation of Univer11:46 A sity students home for the holi6:00 P days have been announced by 4:46 A the various bus and train sys-
3:46 A
7:36 A Two special trains from La-
fayette will be run Tuesday, December 22, one to Chicago at 5 p. m. and one to New York and points in between at 4:10 p. m. These are the only special services which will be run either Tuesday or Wednesday. All other transportation must be by the regular scheduled trains and buses which will have extra cars to accommodate students.
Almost six months ahead of normal schedule approximateljr 700 degrees will be conferred at the University’s sixtytuiiiih commencement exercises this afternoon in the Music Hall at 1:46, making the total number of degrees awarded this yesat well over 2,000. Two graduates of the University who have distinguished themselves in engineering achievement will receive honorary £ degrees as doctors of engineer*
R. E. Woodruff
In a further effort to help meet the farm labor shortage, the University trustees tqday authorized
Buy Tickets In Advance On account of heavy movements of our armed forces, together with furlough and heavy civilian traffic, almost all regular trains have standing room only and in quite a few instances passengers have had to wait
makers did not register from the Elliott warned that what happens fifel'd irt the last 13 minutes of the student gets m the seiwice phriod. The Riveters, thanks to their no small measure be deown big rally, hit 48 per cent of their termined by the student’s lecord sbeond half shots, while Notre Dame while at the University, rtiadc 26 per cent. The Boilermak- Dr. Elliott expresed relief that ei-s missed eight out of 19 free the new college plan was released
No Paper
There will be no edition of the Exponent on Tuesday, December The next paper will be pub-
29,
throws. Howevci, Notre Dame collected 12 out of 14. (See GAME STORY, page 4)
last Thuisday night making it possible for him to discuss what the (See ELLIOTT SAYS, page 4)
fished on Tuesday morning, January 5. Since work schedules have not been arranged as yet for next semester, all the staff should report for work on Monday, January 4, as early as possible in the afternoon. —BUTZ
acceptance of a grant of $87,400 following tx’ains. In order to offfrom the General Education Board, confusion, tickets should be a philanthropic educational agency bought in advance and baggage
in New York City, to study the ef- checked through to its destination,
ficiency of various faim tasks. An- Station officials request that stunounceinent of the action was made dents leaving by special trains and by President Edward C. Elliott, back also on trains where a crowd is exfrom Washington where he is on pected, should form lines while waitleave with the War Manpower Com- ing to load. This will save time and mission, to attend the meeting and also be the means of arriving at the
also conduct commencement exer- capacity of each car.
cises tomorrow. Students eastbound to Indianapo-
The grant, which will be under hs, Cincinnati and other short dis-
the direction of Dr. E. C. Young, tWes are uiged to take the 4:10 dean of the Graduate School, and special, while those going to New widely known farm economist, will England and the East should take
make possible time and motion studies on the farm as is done with industry to find the best way to pcrfoim a particular job, whether
the 11:10 a. m. or 12:45 p. m. if possible. A number will be prevented due to afternoon classes. However, these trains will be running at the
University Vitamin Research Aids Army . . . Ag Chem, Home Ec Departments Start New Research On Vitamin B1
it be handling’’‘a dairy herd, poultry same time Wednesday flock, 01 what not. The engineei- Bus schedules will be the same as mg schools of the Univeisity will pieviously announced with north cooperate with the Agricultural southbound buses running ap-
proximately every two hours. East bound buses thiough Kokomo and Muncie, will leave at 8:26 a. m., 12:35 p. m. and 4:05 p. m. West
By Sigurd Peterson
The Agricultural Chemistiy Department and the Home Economics department of the University aie cqoperatirtg in a new field of resekl'ch rdeentiy begun at the UniVersity under the direction of Dr. C. L. Shrewsbury of the Agricultural Chemistry Department. This research is beiiig done at the sug-
would moie B, be left tor the soldiei who ate the meat? This is one of the questions the aimy wants answered. Information is also desired regal ding the relativ^B, losses with fiying, grilling, ieasting, and othei methods of prepaiation. Preliminaiy lesults in this re-
with the
Expel iment Station in the studies in which Dr. Young and his colleagues already have done some
pioneering.
Value To Unskilled The study is expected to find data helpful to the experienced farmer although it IS expected to be of special value in training of unskilled woikeis to help lelieve the labor situation. Other land grant colleges will coopeiate in the study under Dean Young’s diiection. The tiustees also spent considerable time on discussing the impacts of the new order regarding college
ing. They are Robert E. Woodruff, C. E. ’05, and Daniel C. Green, E. E. ’08. Bachelor degrees will be given 714 candidates at the second commencement of the year made possible by the University’s
Order Of Exercises 1:45 P. M. Processional Commencemertt Procession Prelude Anthem Invocation Conferring of Degrees Music Conferring of Degrees Announcement of degrees conferred August, 1942$ presentation of deferred diplomas Music , ' Conferring of Honorary DegreesAwarding of certificates o^ proficiency in the Field ArHttery OflScers Reserve Corps Induction of the class of 1942 iitto the Purdue Alumni AssoddtiOir “Hail Purdue” Benediction Recessional
. . .Will receive honorary degrees at Commencement today.
on the thud flooi of the Agrictiltuial Chemistiy building on the south campus. There we made some Intelesting observations The gioups of lats which were receiving
fresh meat, synthetic B,, and meat students, issued this week in Washpi epared at 300 deg ice temperature mg ton by the Manpower Commisweie quite aleit and frisky, while sion The University is fully piethose .receiving no B, and those paied to do its pait if any changes
g^^tibn of the Army sanitary and soareh indicate that one-half of the being fed meat cooked at 500 de- that may be necessaiy but it almedicki kUthonties to cleteimine B, content is lost when meat is giecs temperatuie weic in bad leady is geared to the war effoit. the loss of Bi, the “sparkplug” vita- prepared at 300 degrees F. and shape. These rats were much lightei The piesent teim closes next Tuesrfihj,) in irtekt prepared by diffeient seived immediately. If the meat is m weight than the others, were un- day and the wintei teim registrairi^ftljO^B of cooking as used in com- warmed two houis aftei piepaia- kempt, and seemed to lack coordina- tion begins Jan. 4. Advance applibat Jlones by array field kitchens. tion, that which is cooked at 800 tion in then movements. We took cations indicate an unusually large 'Thh ai’rtiy is interested in vitamin degrees F. loses two-thirds and that one out ol its cage and diopped it number of both women and men
Pi because it is the vitamin that has to do with maintaining optimum rtiusclc and neive coordination, as well as a feeling of well-being. Important For Muscle And Nerves ' Without Bi, nerve impulses go completely haywire and complete Convulsive contiactions may occui. The irttilvidual loses cooidination and may even have paralysis. A decrease of mental ability and a feeling of melancholy aie also symTfonis. We can thus see that B, IS necessaiy both for morale and toi muscle coordination and control. These ale two of the most important qualifications 'toi a good soldier and, consequently, a good army.' Loss Of Bi In Cooking In Older to sehve laige gioups of men warm food, some of the food must be cooked hours ahead and kept in warming pans, oi it may be prepared tvithin an hour or so of the time of serving at a higher oven tempevatiive. Undei which method
prepaied at 500 dcgiees F. loses
almost all of vitamin Bi. Experiment With \Rats
White lats, eaiefully selected foi umfoimity ot size and vigoi, aie used to measure the amount of B, in these differently piepaied samples of meat. The gam or loss in weight ol the icits is the measuimg stick by means ol which B, is determined. Theic aie ten groups of lats, each
on the llooi, wheie it lay for sevcial minutes, having peiiodic spasms as well as showing paralysis in a hind leg, causing it to drag aiound and aiound m a cucle as though it weie dizzy. We weie told that this paiticulai rat was one of the group leceivmg meal piepared at 600 degiecs and then waimecl. The symptoms this lat exhibited weie not unlike those of humans
gioup getting a different diet. One with acute vitamin Bi deficiency.
gioLip gets diet with no Bi. These rats die m 34 to 37 days. Foui other gioups get successively largei amounts of synthetic Bi while a sixth group leceives the liesh meat sample. The remaining lour groups leceive the 300 to 500 degiee prepared meat, one sample warmed and one unwarmed of each. By comparing the synthetic B, and no Bi, the amount ol Bi present m the diet can be determined. Being rather inteiested m seeing the effect of B, deficiency on these lats, we went ovei to the lat lab
Research Not Yet Completed By the time the Agrieultuial Chemistiy and Home Economics departments have completed their reseaich, tiying out the diffeient cuts of both beef and poi’k at both 300 and 500 degrees and-both wanned and' un warmed, and then have applied all these possibilities to diflerent methods of prepaiation, consideiable data will be available to enable the army to ensure a suf-
stuclents foi the mul-year term, of-
ficials said
Othei action bj the trustees today included appioval of degiees to be conleirecl tomoriow: acceptance ot the final leport on the estate of the late Congiessman Will R. Wood, whose bequests to the University weie approximately $234,000. This money was used for construction of the Elizabeth C and Will R. Wood Residence Hall for women. Leave Ot Absence Granted To Two Miss Helen Schleman, director of the Women’s Residence Halls, was granted a leave of absence to become a lieutenant in the SPARS, the women’s organization of the United States Coast Guaid Lieut. Schleinan has been named adininistiative assistant and executive officei ioi the SPARS who are commanded by Lieut Commander Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of 'Women of the University, on leave of absence
in.
bound buses to Terre Haute and Evansville will leave at 8:15 a. m , 11:45 a. m. and 6:30 p. m. Students Advised To Take Lunch On the regularly scheduled trains, diners will be provided for the convenience of soldiers and civilians. Students who are travelling are urged to take lunches. Schedules for trains letuimng to Lafayette Januaiy 2 and 3 from the east, Cincinnati and Chicago are as follows: January 2, from Boston, leave 4:50 p. m. and New Yoik 7:30 p. in.; January 3, leave Buffalo, 3:34 a. m. and Cleveland 8:05 a. in. ^om Cincinnati, leave 12:00 noon January 3, Indianapolis, 1:25. This connects with the tiain from New York. From Chicago, leave 1:45 p. in., Januaiy 3. These are all special trains or connections to special
Alpha Zeta
. . . agricultural honoiaiy, has announced the election of the following officers foi the coming year: Frank Skinner,^ pi esident; Roger Euler, vice-pi'esident; Vaughn Hayes, scribe; Lloyd Downen, treasurei; Ross McKee, chionicler.
war-time academic program. This is the first commencement to be hrtid at any time other than spring time, and was brought about by the intkeduction of the full-time year atomid operation consisting of thred consecutive terms. Certificates of Proficiency in Military Science and Tactics wUl be awarded by Col. D. M. Beere to 139 seniors who have completed the advanced military course. These certificates will entitle them to commissions as Second Lieutenants in the Officers’ Reserve Corps of the Army of the United States upon completing the prescribed course at a special service school. Although the traditional Baccalaureate exercises were abandoned for the class of “1943” President Elliott spoke before the seniors and the entire student body at a War Convocation Friday. The honoiai-y degree to be presented to Daniel C. Green is “In recognition of his distinctive accomplishments as a constructive leader (See GRADUATION, page 4)
What Is A Senior Worth?. . .
Facts And Figures On His True Worth
tiains.
O'Shea Cites Need For Nursery Schools
ficient .supply of the all-important
vitamin Bi through freshmeat to for this purpose, help oui fighting men. (See TRUSTEES, page 4)
Prof. H. E. O’Shea, depaitment of education and applied psychology and chan man of the state advisoiy tor the WPA nursery schools, mges coeds who are interested, to take nursery school tiaining, because of the need tor trained workeis in that field. It is officially estimated that by 1943, due to the increasing employment of women to replace men, there will be at least 75,000 preschool children who will require some sort of day caie m Indiana
alone
Although the WPA will be abolished in Februaiy, it is unofficially believed that the WPA nursery schools will be transferred to another department because of the urgent need for them.
Bj Jim Bray As the date of commencement 'draws neai, this question may well be pondered by paieiits, iaculty, and sheepskin ^eaichers' What is a seiiioi woith? Only time can reply as to the potential woith, but an objective survey can be made to speculate on woith in ielation to
cost
that a senioh in Purdue has CoaL a total of $9,600—enough to pay foip a good eighty acre farm, six neW Bracks, or a ten-room brick house on an acre lot.
The University has an investment of 23 million dollars m physical equipment — $4,000 per student. Figuiing Intelest and depieciation at 5 per cent, eveiy senior owes society $800 toi his four years of University use “It costs about 2V> million a yeai to run the joint,” says Bill Bodden, Chief Accountant of the Univeisity. Thus, m his four year stay, a student has cost the state about $1600 more The average student (oi his dad) will have spent anothei $3,000—actual cash. Add to this $1200 a year which the student might easily have made working in imUistiy, and you see
2,400 Hours Of Study - There arc other costs to the student which are not so tangible and w Inch have no monetary evaluation. Studies show that the average student gets his diploma at the cost o| about 2,400 hours of concentrated study—240 ten hour days, or 8 months of solid study. In addition he spends 3,400 hours ip cla8;t. This IS the equivalent of It months and 10 days at the rate of 10 hours a day. This ordeal is made incraaaingly difficult by the fact that SOipa 50 courses are involved. This mquires super social strategy ih manipulation of some 66 perstrtia^L ties—the dispensers of infonnatiOhi. We are in accord with tho who answered the question thfiai “I don’t know what he's worth, hdt he sure cost a plenty!”^
fj
MM1 %
i n
ha^ 2
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, December 20^ 1942
Purdik ^Exponent StHhiyii^nf and Business Purdue Mituneekri Union, Phone 4005 Spaits,tfb<ddhbusie, Phone 2792 -Edifurial Pheihe 10 p m , 5377
fidltor , BasinCE!) News Editor ManaRinE Editor BeKter Advert rttijt WmiaRer Bperta Editor Coed Editor Coed Biualticss Exccnt Vc
William G Hoskins Gerltard H Klouman Robert tV Bosn inkle Dale E But? James A I'etty Joseph S Dawson Sally Beall A Jane Kcim
Publicafion STaff Ld tonal Sla'T Associate Editors 1 B I On^lir 1 r Rxlurlnn i L lilton W BU 9Hs(in W 1. V imilu M L bn ilh t C Marlin h Munihy t}c^ Staff PjjvLjfib Mann Martha Let R GaroLn Wilbur Elaine Ahrens Siaorts Staff C Sowar Is J Aokcrinai D Shrsir R Smitl
t Business Staff Asstotant AdverUamR Manager J 1 ilt Advertisina Manapers T Flexon C Ga t J McC illough J Tabb Cirenlation Manaper W Eeelttcnn d Accounts Manap^
The Purdue Independent
Editor in Chief
Staff For This Issue Nieht Editor MartindcU Sports Editor Ackerman Bsy-fcdrtor- Mann IsBue Editor Hahn fteponicpB Bommer EdmoiKbon 'ForBjthe Pidhardson Crcij? Helflfnch
Entered a& 'second clan's matter at the poit officL in Lafa> ette Indiana under the act (f Oonjrress of March -3 1879 and at ^he special rat of postage provide<l f( r in section liBS act of Octiber ^ 191 authorized January 20 1922 ^ubh bed fn Tues lay Thur day hrida\ and Sunday moifiinffs duwnpr yeai Deli\<:r d 1 calh bv c rrur for $1 '“5 for a Betne^tor < i 00 f i tv. bemc Ur by n a I foi $2 00 for a semest r or $8 50 for tvo sen cst i Eepresenbed f r national adveitisin^ b> National \d\crtis inp Service In Gollep’t P iblishers Representatives 420 iiadibon A^c ><cw 'iotk N Y
Sii>u)iaL SihipsiA,
Democratic Victory In total wai Amenca cannot afford the waste of talent that xesRlted from a system in 'Which money was the chief entrance lequuement of youhgc men who desiied highei education Victoi\ in the quickest pos Bible time demands that candidates foi tiaining to become officeis and technical speciahets be selected on the basis of ability Equally democi acy demands that the question whethei a boj is to be defeXied fiom combat m oidei to continue his studies be decided by merit not a checkbook Those are the lealitie'; behind the neU piofeiara of the Aimj and Nav\ to send qualified enlisted youthfe to college at Uncle Sam s expense Months ago this newspapei uiged that a piogiam to that end be adopted We note that undci the Aimj ''istem young nteh who have gained the advantages of the educational program will “in cei^ain exceptional cases ”■ be ifiadt available foi technical woik that is outside the Aim'j but IS deemed highly impoitant in the wai effolt We aie gla 1 that p ovision is theie It miy need to be applied mole libeiallv than the guiided language of the Aimy announcement implies Of hard necessity the ove’wh'>lming emphasis both in the Aimy and Navt progiams is upon technical education Let none imagine that w e shall not need more libeial education than ex ci w hen the wai is W on But if Amei ic i is to pi ogi css in the arts of peace aftei victory as wc aic now piogressing in the aits of x\ai the democi atic piinciples behind the Army Navy college selection plan must not be peiinitted to die We must see to it—^foi democi acy s sak“ and foi the sake of utilizing oui humai ic=oiiices efficiently— that boys and giils who cai gain most fiom college shall have then chance icgridle=s of lathei s bank loll or poveity—The Chicigo Sun Wartime Electives Now that the icsults of the aptitude test adminis tmed a Week ago to all the coeds aie out it veems ap propiiate to lunind the coeds that thd test had a ilouble puiposc One of the puipo=es will be taken care of bv the division of educational lefeidnce When they tuin OV61 the peieentage scoies of the test to tlie government as an estimate of the numbei of women who can piofitably be educated to leplacc men in jobs lequuing technical tiaining Eulfillment of the othei puipo'^c ot the test is up to the indnidual coed Each giil now knows how she ranks on a standaid aptitude test Those who made lelatively high scoies should considci electing some technical coui'^es Most Puidue coeds aic noxv en gaged in acciuiinig Icainiig which can be ipplicd in jome way to the wai effoit uid the cfoie do not need to cxainine then soul and ihen eouises of study so thoioughly as do students in a libeial aits college Howeiei indu^tiv has an appaiently botton le=s dc mand foi people who have had even i ye u oi two of math phy les chemistiy oi di iwing Ecu tho=e xvho did not show ai y outst indin, ability 111 the physical seier ces as is ell is foi tho e who did oihei couiscs which have ^pteial y iJue as yy u time eleetiye^ i elude nutiition icci ationil leadciship, Inst aid llesayin^ 1-’E\\ (i7 luliition ind home nuj faing Piesident Elliott hid nPthing definite to s ly in his Friday iddie s as to xyhit college yyoinen will be asked to do But it stands to i eason th it if Pindue yvoipeii voluiitaiih take advantage of the inanv yy u time eleclnes offeied at this Unnei«itj yyhen end if the goy ei iiment doe^ set up ipiogiam it yy ill hive mote lespcctfoi schedules leiding piiin uih to peace time voe itions = i b
Lt. Claude Mertitt Cely eivil engineei 42 giaciuated Dec 11 liom the Columbus, Miss., Army Air School. Four days after giadual Gil he married Miss Mary Wylie Conniffe in Columbia, S. C. 2nd Lt. Russ Weller a ■^ou tliy veinoi 'v. ho yy ithrl y li oni the Univei sity on Noy lH 1941 tociiUi the <-enie( n t oy\ sta Loned ita fiyipg loiliess b i i soimwlKien J nglit I 1st Lt. E. J.Aber , giaduate oi the school of eicnte in June 41 3« Jt»w stationed at a flying loitiess ba e somewheit ip Englaud He yy as a membei of tin Fly mg C lub and tbeXJfijyeifei4iV Oiehesti i
^ mSUMTOK ^ \ Tm Reg u s P. 0» MEHRY-GO-ROUND By DREW PEARSON , Senator Bob Wagner's Social Legislation Inspired By Fire Ot Boston'^ Cncoanut Orove WASHINGON—The leccnt tiggie flies—Cocoanut Glove m Boston and the Neyyfoundland ehnee had — iccall anolhei tiagic fiic to Neyv Yoik s Senatoi Rob cit F Wagnei It wias the famous Tiiangle Fue of New Yoik in 1911 in yyliich 147 girls lo=t then Irvcs 1 ut fiom winch spiang a neyv chaptei of social lefoim Senatoi Wag nci, looking back confides to fiiends that he hopes hetv lefoims may come out of the Boston and Neyv fotmdland files, and that the teiiific toll in lives will not be en^ncly in vain It IS higlyly doubtful howevei yvhether these lecent fiibs can have anything hkc the social levcibeiations Staa-ted b'y New Yoik s Tuanglc Fues Foi although feyv people leahze it the Social Security Act of today the Wfigner Laboi Relatio is Act the U S Housing Ac^t and the Railway Pension law got then inspiia tion fiom the Triangle fiie Hn that fire a shirtyvaist factory on Washington Sqiiaie was destroyed Women yvorking undci siveat si op conditions Wei€ trapped Doors opened rn in stehd of mit They jammed against the mass of hu matntj pushing to escape Some of the women jumped fi oitt windoyvs and w ere killed Some w ere bui ntd to death inside \ At the time of the fire Bob Wagner was in the New York Senate Immediately he led a crusade to investi gate all faetoiies, all sw eatshop conditions m the state He became chairman of the investigating commission AI Smffth also was a membei and Miss Frances Per kins then Just out of college became its secretary The commission spent moie than tyvo yeais piobing almost eVeiy factoiy in the state They found all soits ^ of file ha/Hids yyoinen yvoileing in clouds of dust no vgntjlptian tfeyy sanitaiy facilities • Will Wagner's Reforms Stay Bob Wagner born in Geimany biougnt to this coun fm as a boy had gioevn up on the Last Side of New Polk Eveiy morning he got up at 3 a m put in sev eial hoitls yvotk beloie school With thio baekgiound the Triangle factoi-y piobe made a ptolound impiess ion on him lesultcd in New Yoil factoiy legislation which has been a model ioi the entiie countiy But even moie impoitant inemoiy of the Tiiingle fife and the laboi conditions vyhiCh Wagnei «ayv in the subsequent investigation gave him inspiiation foi the long list of soci 1 leg shtion yyhieh he sponsoicd in Conga ess Todaij Witli the woild contentrating on w ir Bob Wagnei has been ill has felt on the sidelines flu Social ScClirity Building erected to house the admin istration of the revolutionaiy pension layv he spun sored has been taken oy er by the M ai Pi eduction Board His National laboi Relations tet has been the target of vehement Republican cntieisn His Housing Act IS partially forgotten though yyithout it yyaV workers would have faced impossible conditio is in thte big industrial cities Though there is talk in Republican and conserv ativc Democratic circles of lepeahng these leforms after 1944 a significant thing has just happened in Eng tail’d The British Gov enirrent pubh=h''d the B°y ei ulge Repbrt falling for social reforms whi h male Wig net’s laws seem mild in compaiisoii So if England in the thioe of iii i uds incl thieit cned With 11 va loiU is ible to go foiyy iid socially P oL^b'y tl c les ilts oi ll '''Tim gle fi e i y iitte i l^y Boh'Wi^gau yyill lay on the itute 1 r ol s 9 HifSer vs. Hirohito Amy cffictis in ch^,ige oi iiniihnd hat the vaM majority* of soRicis would pieJei t fig it ho Japs lathei than the Germans Tlmy admit th t Gei many 1^ Enemy No 1 aid tint llitlei s nflueiee is li ole vy idcfapiead and iiioic cy ll Bu emol onallv h"y have a giudge again t the Jajis ind y nt to '.etlle t Avenging Pcail Haiboi is the U S doi^ boy s pi a cipal motive This hati cd eoines out in tl ail i Im i n ly si ip eis aie always J ip uid po itions to be toimed aie alyyays held by those 1 ttle yedow i Ls oi thoa" slant ey es * As he stai ts out on lie b y oi et coi i e to j ib lel s filled yy ith sti lyy aioi^hooy yds Piiol i o Iciel
come'
• Guarding The Whit« House the Mhile House called Speak r bam Ray bain the other day asked him to ome in to see tl e Pie^iJert bringing with hiir a group ot Con ’'lessmen ot his oiv i eho'OSing Mhen thev ainytd at the Iniit „ate o! le lute House in the Speakei sen the chiulleiii aid to the Seci et Sen lee men This is the Spe ikei and numbei s of Cong I ess llie guards weie skeptical Hie Speikei is ill right but how il out these othei men •’ Mheieupon they insisted ujion a persi ml exaniinatioii ot th othei membeis of Congre s When Ravbuin ,,ot inside the \\ hite liou e he v is is 111 id IS th it good intuied lexinevei becomes He found 1 "^ei loi officti oi Sceiet beiviee ind s ud I ool heiL y hen I im isked to bung membeis oi Gongiess to tl e White House i yy mi them to be ulmitted yyith out any thi d degiee 0^111111 1 on "i lu c 11 ht to 1 oyy I y oiildn t bill g my bomb thioyveis' • Leon's Hand Reaches Cuba I eon Henderson w is i guest at one ot the sumptions social functions honoiing Cuban Piesident Batist i in Washington At hen Cuban Amb issadoi \iiielioton eheso intiodueed the tyyo men Batistas blown eves lighted up He s ud Oh yes we Jiiiow Leon Henderson in ( oobo Ly eiybody m Cooba loy ts Loon Henderson Fhen he „iinned But AIi liendeison when you fix the piiee «J sugar oouldn t you keep one eye shut f • Merry-Go-Round Only tliice niembeis oi Con''>iess died this yeai th eyycst oi any veai in the icooids of House Scige. nt at Ann Keni etli Romney In the fast six diys jl the list Congiess Iheie wile tom death Rep NV ill lee Pieiee ol New Yoil died in the eloil loom oJ le 1 t itl lek wink li tening to m uid ess ly tie Fk iden N line lie rllcinei Piesideits ib iiiiil n M ishinlf 01 D C Ihcie ue thiee AA lodioyi AVil son time John Q Ad mis tyvo Willi iin lleniy Ham ons lyio Anditw J lel sons md out ( ith ol Gtoigi AAashingUn John Adams Thoma Jettiisoii Junes Madiscn Jc hi lyki Ainlieyi Johnson indAVaiieiiG Hauling (Copyughl 1912 by United Feituie Sviidie iti Int )
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
mu. feMD 1
Just Looking Around By Jack Abbctt and Jim Richardson
f
Rumois aic being circulated by pi o-Axis squices that the Petain government probably will moVe from Vichy to Pans by January 15, 01, at least, by Match This change would imply that the old demai cation line between occupied and unoccupied zones would be eliminated but the Geneva Tribune said h 30 mile wide stiip along all —• fiCnch boundaiics would be mammoth piess assocuitiPTi to be dedal ed a forbidden zone and known as the “Association 6f Great entlance could be gained only er East Asm Journalists’ Thisitbw
association was develapea, so the With Nazi permission France
yvould bv hib move, be cut off fiom pf ^he enemy The the lost oi the woild and even moie meeting yvas atterded by mem
unddi Gel 111 n domination
1=
Hitlei hafe finally decided that he can do nothing yvith the Greek .Voik eis that he hid timspcittcd to G-ei many pionci The loison given oi
be^o oi file pi css and Aipiy, Navy uid goveii ment piess officials The mo<-t ‘•ig iifie'’iu f. (?’• of the cgnihi ei e yy is t' L the militaiy clique piesided d ill ideas or oidcxs as you voall hive it c me fiom he
eg U S Pa 9 AH
A /2 -5
mg in to then occupied aieqs
making this dccisio i .yas th it the jyniifaiy offici ils 111 attCudai ce The Gieek- just yvould not vvoik and age icy yy ill attempt to combat even though he ticitcd them yvith p^jiypiopg, md th it has been filtei
espect they continued to sabo t ige his yvai machine According to lepoits y\hit he leally meant was that he was unable to make them yyoik even though he toituied them
to death
“It’s getting too dam easy to find voik these days, Gus ” Sackett,Wormser Win Dr. Joseph Tiffin
Mathematics Contest
Aette day the Tuikish amba«sa dois to both Bei Im and Moscow weie en loute home to Ankaia Smcc he lecent allied successes in the Medi tel lane in 11 ea Tuikoy has shoyvn a decided pio allied leactioii to suen an extent that Tliiko Russian itki tions hay 0 been impioved This is
, - ,, , ,, ,, taken to be csneeially'Significant by oi J ip oldicis md these yy ill cause , , „ , , . ..A. . people because Tiiikey and
Ameiicii aid Austialian tioops h iVe \ 11 tually yviped out all the in un 1 ■’distance 111 md "lound Buna but theie uc till 111 my loving bands
i gieat d 1 of Ol omfoit to oiu
Rus'-ia hive been infiiendly for
AValtei M Sicl ett of 1 v mst< 1 111 and H ms H Woimsei oi Ri\ei side 111 hive been iimo 11 eed is yvinneis of the Pioblems foi Eun contest poiuoicd by the Depiit ment of Mathem ities diiing this semestei Woimsei md Sielett tied foi the piize a y u ded to the stu dent sohii g the gieitest numbei oi piobleiii': They aie both engineeis and taking Math 4 (Inte.,1 il Calcu lus) this seniestei Sackott is 1 hi^t seratbtei lieshinii engintii md Worm ei is i ■second semestei '=opii omoi e m mech mieal e 11 eei 1 Othei students g initig sped il lecogmtio 1 loi their eo distent yvoik in the content include Moiton Asti a hin Dan Bosioi H uii tL C iii p bell H W Dividson AVilliim C Y Ilbiao Cl 1 A Kleppe Loyycll A\ Kiioip J P VcAAloite C B Thomp Ol Lu tl e L 11 md W J AA ills Appioxinj el tin ty otn 1 tu
ic ciitlv received i cl etl fo |)o00 and i lettei ot appieciation loi tl e 11 ly ci'my Diy isio i ol Ldu cation 11 Applied Psychology from the Kingsbury Ordinance Plant This yvib sent a'' i tol en ol tie woil lone 1 V the Ui iveisity in dc vc oping 1 ll, employ ment 101 the oidinanee p ant and yvdl be u&od to fin me e nev lebcaich 111 the indus
tiial pby hology held
dents handed m pioblems with vaiy
11 g ckgiees ot legulaiity
A iieyy contest yyill commei ce J 11 u ly 10 with "li^ht eh nges bciiit, midt 11 the lules oi le contest Th e 1 w 11 les y iP be p iblished yyith the f t pioh'em on Jm 10
tioops beioi e they lied stioVv.d A , . m 1 u i. i ^ u, G , , , , ' , ycaib due to Tinkuh contiol of the
icpoit has ll 0 been uceived in this
countiy telling of 1 disease 1 nown as raite ievti ihat hm 1 illecl m itiy Japai esc soldiei md li by some chance this disc isc should sp cad o the Ameucans o Aufa*-! iliaiis it yvoild cause iddcd tioublo in that these disea'- d tioopo would have to le isol ted md eiied Joi by spe ei ilistb Japan his just oigmi/ed i new
Stiaitb of Daidanclles yyhich guaid Russia’J southei n outlet thiough ihe Black Sta These visits aie attiact mg tonsidti iblt attention in many diplomatic eiieks btciusc it is t ri dent th it Tuikty is on the veige of m iking 01 it least t ilking ovei an
impoitmt moy
PATRONIZE EXPOf^ENf
ADVERTISERS
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
LUaiA
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Billy HMOP PaiiUElLt Helen PUBStSH totlllliS Huntz HAIL Bernard PUNSLV Gabriel OEIL
South Seas Adventure And Tropic Romance ^
IAU6RT0N yjON HALL Peggy Drelie • Victor francen Gene Reynolds • Florence Bates also L2i TEaT /r ^!1C^ Or I !M: Di’css,. rtfcg
'ME PS£D vFIPER lOm WOOLLEY k. RODDY ft^cBOWALL ANNE BAXTER
PLUS —SECOND HIT THE SLACK HAAKKE? KING SEALS IN DEATHI
O FLYNN D CK PURCELL
OuabtT
TO TEElV-aOE DAIIVTMESS! LLNTiiERic puts the stiess on daintiness foi the teen age girl —and in the name of dainti ness has cieited Bouquet‘PiiiL Echoing the “Pink Paity” pel fume note in lighter form, the Bouquet version is intended as her informal fiagrance Its fresh, dewy fragrance enhances her youthful charm 4 oz flacon . . $1 00 With atomizei $1,25 8 oz flacon . . $1 75 WIth atomizer S2 00
MiTifi
-NOW SHOWINGDOUBLE FEATURE
TheDiamaoi \mei lean Rhythm —Rigtime to Now'
fmm
WILLIAM DIETERLE Produclion utth ADOLPHE MENJOU JACKIE COOPER BONITA GRANVILLE GEORGE BANCROFT Connee Boswell Ted North Todd Duncan Hall Johnson Choir
Prodt ced a id Oirgcted by William Dieterle R K O Sc oen p QV b„ RADIO Ph I p Yo dan ffonkCov9«
Plus
See
How the G Men Corralled Those Spies'
CRAIG STEVENS • IRENE AAANNING MAR S WR XON M CHAEl AMES PETER WHITNEY
A Love Story That's Merry ^ With Music!
Starring KATHRYN VAN MARSHA GI^AYSON • MEFLIN • HUNT with CECILIA PARKER • PEGGGY MORAN “DIANA LEWIS • S Z SAKALL 1 A FRANK BORZAGE s'wrl PRODUCTION
meinm& -■ phi;
DW SHE Nil ? wusKluiiain
«, 0'"*'“,
Wnttan ortd Produced dwigMt TAYiOlt
MARS^undqy^ December 20^ 1^42
Boilermjftker Sports
Pi
fhi Delts Rput Betas To WJn Fraternity Basketball trophy
When two undefeated basketball ■<tdanis get together thei e can be but ofie alternative, one of them must §affei a defeat Such was the case iast !Priday night ‘when the Phi Belta 'Theta five won the inteifiatemity championship m basketball ^nd loiited the Beta Theta Pi’s, 40 tVaa, on the Fieldhouse couit Win Six Games 1 Both of these teams had gone thi’ough the regulai season by winning SIX •games apiece Then came t^ pdayoffs with the Phi Delts beat ing Pi Kappa Phi, 36 to 16, and
Delta Upsilon, 19-14^ bofoio then final game with the Betas The Beta five met and defeated Kappa Delta Rho, 45 11, and Phi Kappa Psi, 2718, 111 the playoffs
Lineups,
The lineup of the Phi Delts was composed oi Kieffer and Hipp, foi waids, Lodge center, Link, LeMaster Welty and Coon, guards The Bets had Wooden and Poston at forwards, Thomas, center; Musselman, Meeker, Sullivan, and Semour, guards.
Boileriiicikers Fate Riv'etdr Ca|ier^ i
Bluejackets, Toledo WasHingiforl
First Of New Year
loday’s Waves were splashed by Dave Shryei
0000 ANO GOOO-lOOKINe OliPIROOF
^<;^^sociics
Styled in lOHDON BLUE and ABMIRAITY BLUE
Both sparkling: shades keyed to the sea son 8 new sutting:8 In patterns expert Jy styled Ahd of course there arc ruddv browns and other shades too In Hole proof you 11 find the cst socks that enn be produced Pacer the scnoation al sock with Korter attached and regular halfhose without garters ''5c
^ Uncle Sam Takes Over The future of collegiate athletics still lemained shrouded in a shadow of doubt as Uncle Sam levealedhis plans to consolidate the nation’s col lege facilities Athletic leadeis must await special information from the aimed foicts bcfoie they can act to levise their present setup Only one thing IS ccitain—a gieat multitude of the colleges foimeily represented in the competitive fields will participate in no more athletics for the duiation These are the Liberal >its colleges whose doois seem destined
tor closuie
^ Plans Unannounced The question of the,4moment m the minds of these leadeis is.^ “Will intercollegiate competition be allowed as a pait of the physical piogiam in=tallc 1 in the schools that are taken over by the government’’’ On the other hand Iheie lies the possibility that the physical development plans mcoipoiated with the academic progianr will be confined to body building exercise and compeition will be eliminated ^ ESigsbiisty Ruling Last week leadeis of the Western Conference schools voted to letain the freshman eligibility lule they have maintained m the past Since the new situation has ari^'cn, these duectois stand leacly to vote again at any time on the eligibility question, when plans of the Aimy and Navy aie
announced
^ War Affects Racing Glancing at spoits news fiom othei sections of the Country we can feel no sj mpathj for the owners of southern race tracks who, refusing to lecogni/G a ciitical situation, aie raising then voices against the recently increased gasoline lestiictions in the east Horse lacing has been a bone of contention since war meigencies first set in In^spite of steel restiic tions lace tiack construction continued, and, though urged to seek local amusements, fans flocked to the tracks fiom miles aiound It appeals that anothei spoit is dying a slow death until the end of the wai ^ Bowl Tilts Though basketball holds the chief spotlight, it will take a momentaiy back seat to the giid heioes on New Year’s Day, when sectional leadeis meet in the vaiious bowl tilts Always among the leading contests is the annual Shi me chanty game m San Fiancisco, wheie East meets West in an All Stai till Though the easterners entei the game as favorites picviou lesults show that all too frequently the western stars have upset the dope bucket Alwajs tricky, the westerneis will be gunning for an upset victoiy again
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
If You Want Good Work On Your Garments SEE JOE'S TAILOR SHOP STATE & CHAUNCEY
By Jrm Ackerman Befoi e the students have a chance to begin the new semestei. Coach Piggy Lambert’s quintet will have met two of the toughest teams in this part of the country, meantime those same students wrll be enjo>iiig pel haps then last leave at home for the duration The two teams aie fiom the U S Naval Tiainmg Station located at Gieat Lakes and the cageis fiom Toledo Univeisity, which IS sometinies consideied one of the most feard teams in the state of Ohio, this yeai being no exception On the day after New Year’s Eve, the eager's will buck up against Toledo at the Ohio city Then the next contest is Januaiy 4, when Lambeit’s proteges meet up with tl/ose same “gobs” who defeated the Riveteis 54 to 39 last season just befoi e the Chiistmas vacation Some pel sons who witnessed every game on last year’s schedule claim that the Great Lakes game was the most exciting game of the season, with possibly the exception of the Illini tilt at Champaign Stars Of Toledo Every yeai Toledo comes up with a strong team, and every year they tuin out some outstanding stai Not many yeais ago they came up with a boy by the name o^f Chuck Chuckovit^ who seined tb toss them in from eveiy angle and he became one of the leading scoiers in the countiy Latei he foimed a piofes sional team and toured the country Last year and the year before, Bob Gerber took over Chuckovrtz’ post and thus anothei Racket star be came one of the leading scoieis m the country Every once in a while the Toledo U team comes up with such an out standing quintet that it was not un usual that they reached the semi finals in the Madison Square Garden tournament a couple of years ago Usually about New Year’s the Rocket five plays Dartmouth, who has been the Ivy League champs for the past six years, and most of the time the Buckeye team is success ful in then venture 61 Points A Game Thus Far This year Toledo again has a strong team Although the Ex ponent has been unable to get any
Reamer Club Gives Athletic Trophies To Nielson, Masline
By Sheldon Watsa* , Ip* ( Fresh from a tough encounter with the Irish of Notre Coach “Piggy” Lambert’s speedy clan of Boilermakeun meet the Washington Bears of St Louis tomorrow mghf ^ 7*30 m the Fieldhouse The Bears are an unpredictable this season and will bear watching in their clash here In their first encounter of the present season, the Bears dowr^
a quintet from tbe MissdB^ School of Mines by a 55-46 dict t 1 The Bears are led this y^r by Captain Jack Damton, wife) led the Missouri VaHey’^ih scoring last season with an avert^
Each yeai the Reamer Club pie*' ^ points per game In addition sents an awaid to the outstanding to Damton, the Bears, coached figr independent athlete in intramuial Kinnan, have Mike Todoiovicfi, activities Dining the past academic 6 ft, 4 in center who is a sophomore yeai two athletes of Caiy Halls In the game with the Missomi MfttSouth have been stiiving hard to gis, “Big Mike” made his varsity leoeive this award Bill Masline and debut with flying colors With hahds Don Nielson matched each other tiiat would scare any glove manublow foi blow and the fight wound facturei, Mike handled the basfcetup m a diaw with each contestant ball like a baseball while in ^he pivot leeeivmg thirteen points position during the second half
Poi each intiamuial sport that
an idependent enters he receives Besides Sophomore Todorovich, ohe point, and if his team wins he Kinnan uses three other mifeceives three points Winning these experienced men on his-clicking cqmawaids lequired paiticipation in bmatiOn Kenny Watfnseyei, a such sports as the following touch ^J#shman, operates at one of the
ball, softball, basketball, tennis, ping pong, bowling, and othei spoits 4othei indepejjdents who made a
guaid berths In the initiaPgticoiintei, Wulfmeyqr turned* in \ fifteen points foi a very imprfessitle first «ightei performance Wnlfmeyef^s
, , „ „ appealance with the varsity squad
■''as made possible with the new Missoiiii Valley war-time luling which
Chuck Whistler, and Bill Haiao Each leceived a total of eleven points with the lattei two men lep lesenting Caiy Halls Jim Stiggle man, also of the halls leceived ten
points
exact dope on this team, it has been heaid that foui of the stalling five
come fiom the Hoosier state, one nan-coached squad, is a sophollibre
mkkes fieshman varsity participation legal Bill Albaugh is the second fieshman on the Bear qtiintet In the Missouri Mines encounter, Albaugh was held scoreless, but he came through with a brilliant job of
ball handling
Glen Bloom, a guard on the Kitf-
01 two of whom ifiade all state se lections In a game but a few days ago, the Rockets won by an ovei whelming scoie of 61 to 30 against Kent State Also the Toledo five
beat Til State, 62 to 29
and accounts Tor hinlself in the rebound and defensive departments veiy efficiently The nucleus of the squad is naturally occupied by the only senior, Captain Damton “Old Reliable” as he is sometimes eallefi.
Now to get back to the Great was a unanimous choicp for the left Lakes quintet, so fai they have only foiwaid spot on last yeai’s All-Con-won SIX games in a low Not satis- ference quintet fled with just defeating a team, the In the curtain-raiser with the Navy has been lunning lough shod Mine lads, Damton showed up with ovei most of then opposition a sharper eye than usual He pracAgdiiist the Illini last night the five tically burned up the nets as lie will probably have met then tough pouied twenty points through in fftb e^t opponent thus tai - (See RIVETER GAGERS, 4>age 4)
Soiithworth’s
AT Your service j; a » , ' The most Complete GIFT SHOP you have ever seen!
f
f
4
IJ
★ CONVENIENT! i * Right here in the village — no running all over town. Just come in with an idea and go out with a modern present, gift-wrapped for you. ★ COMPLETE! Everything yon can imagine for anyone on your liht — and we have lots of ideas.—May we help you? ^ ★ ECONOMICAL! A price to fit everj budget. You’ll be surprised at the savings^ you can make on }oiir Xmas list by shopping here! I ’■! \ 1< < » V* ' Don’t fail to see this amazing collection of gilts when you shop — The Downstairs LIFT SHOP
GIFTS^ OF ' DISTINCTIOM
PilPniE BCCK&SIFPLYRORE
308-10 ITATE BTREET WEST LAFAYETTE IND
GIFTS FOR EVERYONE
Southworth^s ^7^tu
%
i^4
' ^ rr^ i?\i,
I
Purdue Exponent
Sunday, December 20,
Civil Service Offers SAC Bowlers Take WAA Installs Officers, Debris To Distribute Registration For Next Wbmen Opportunities honors in All- pigjggj Sportswomen Copies This Afternoon Term To Start At 9 A.M.
As Staff Dietitians Pietitiaiis aie being sought by thg Uiiited States Civil Seivice Commission, accoidiiig to C P Singly, local secretaiy for the commission Women with appiopiiate college courses in dietetics aie eligible to apply foi training at the Aimy liedical Centei, Washington, D C Appointments aie made as the re suit of examinations Student dietitians leceive subsistence quarters, and a small le munfertition dm mg then six months training at the Army Medical Center iTiey are then laised to Ap prentice Dietitians at $1,440 a yeai, Snd SIX months latei may be piomoted to Staff Dietitians at $1,800 a year Examination Here Full infoi Illation as to lequiie
Campus Tourney '• Having hinshed the legulaily scheduled season bj leading the “B” biacket of the All Campus touina ment, the Sigma Alpha Epsilon team yesteidai afternoon copped the all campus title as they deieated Phi Kappa Tau Phi Sigma Kappa and Sigma Phi Epsilon in the final
playoffs
Aftei the fiist game the outcome lias nevei in doubt foi the SAE team foiged into the lead and weie nevei ovei taken The Phi Taus held second place until the last game when the Phi Sigma Kappa five 1 allied to oveitake them and take
the lunnei up slot SAE Rolls 2547
Pi opines Mill be awaided to the Minning SAE team and to the lun nei up, Phi Sigma Kappa The scoies ot the cli^mpionship matches aie as follows Sigma Alpha Epsi 2547, Phi Sigma Kappa 2462,
At Winter Banquet
Copies of Debus will be distiibuted this afternoon at the end of the giaduation exeicises in the business office of the publication
On Jan. 4 In Armory
Notices
Exponent Keys All those who have been on the Exponent staff for the past two teims and are entitled to a key may set them from Jane Keim iti the office —KLOUMAN
Applied Mefehanics* Condltiond]
tion \irUl be |piv6n AM 21 aftd MO - ,
January 4 1943 fr^m 8 a ih xn room 10'? Heavilon M^ll
Alpha Phi Omega Keys are In fo)r thp^<^ who paid before the deadline See
204 SW Cary Hall for them
—BENDED
Purdue Engii^eer Staff Staff meeting Mon**
p m ih the oiuee^
day Dec 21 at 4 80 ^ ... — _ Senior staff picture is to bo taken at tnig
„ , ^ student War Council There will not be time —KIMBREbL < nii.il,n-svi Iiiii.-n III inn nijniien,Linn ReglstiatlOU foi thc COmiUg tcrm any mcctmK until next semester Watch Tuesday night the WAA held its ^ ^ ,, , , ,, + Armorv January
, , , to seniois who have not yet leceived will be neia at tne Armory January —AtJGSBURGER nnU.fmnin, ^ ^ <‘W”-“Kz” Will —
then books in Oiuer to obtain nis Senior Military Be sure to Sicn all papers copy each senioi must piesent icgister on Monday, januaiy 4, ana ^(,1^1, must precede you to the Special Serv-
“Ho”-“Aa” on Tuesday, Januaiy 5 >ce School m the main olTict of the Armory
meitts and application blanks may pj,, j^^ppa Tau 2862, and Sigma joy Wamplei
bife nbiami^d from C P Singly, La fayette, or dnect from the U S Civil Seivice Commission, Washing ton, D C Applications must leach the Commission’s office on 01 befoie
Januaiy 9, 1943
Thb examination foi acceptance to the training school will be held
in Lafayette
winter banquet m the auditorium of the Home Economics Building to announce the awards, and next yeai’s officers. The girls who were installed as officers of Sportswomen foi the coming yeai aie as follows Libby Baughman, piesident, Mary Pouts vice piesident, Jean Van Sickle, seeietaiy, and Bea Buergler, tieasuioi Skins weie awaided to Jane Blank, Baibaia Foid, and Shirley Johnson for then excellence in leadership, scholarship, and
health.
Sportswomen Pledged
Gills that had earned 1000 points weie given then monogiams and pledged to Spoitswomen, the ath letic honoiaiy, by Piesident Ford Bea Bueiglei, Josephine Rusk ^il died Smith, Jean Stiegeiwald, and
thus honoied
PIA Board Board meeting Monlday, Decii 21 at 4 p m It IS very important that all old members be present All new boarg members must be piesent .
—AUGSBURGfiR
Game Story
(Continued from page 1) The game left the Boileimakeis in command of the series, eight vie tones to thiee Notie Dame’s thiee having come in the last foui staits The Box Score
Purdue(43)
FG
FT
PF
TP
Anderson, f
4
0
2
8
Moms, f
0
0
0
0
Kercheval f _
0
1
1
1
Friend, f
2
1
1
5
Menke c
4
4
4
12
Ehleis, g
4
3
1
11
Lawson, g
2
2
3
6
Kennedy,c
0
0
0
0
Totals
16
11
12
43
N Dame (46)
FG
FT PE
TP
Butler, f
3
3
2
9
Niemieia, f
1
2
1
4
Cm ran, f
3
1
3
7
Faught, c
2
4
3
8
Biennan c
2
2
3
6
Rensbeigei, g
5
0
2
10
Kuka, g
0
0
1
0
Davis, g
1
0
0
2
Donicelli, g
0
0
3
0
Totals
17
12
18
46
Elliott Says
(Continued from page 1) plan meant to the students The neci college plan pi o\ ides foi all stu dents, fieshmen and sophomoies in eluded, to complete at least one moie semestei at the Univeisiti Elliott Heads All College Training Piesident Elliott was leeently given the lesponsibility foi all college tiaming to be given to men m the aimed foices as pait of his duties undei Paul V McNutt s Man powei Commission Ralph Deustei, president of the Student Wai Coun til, introduced Di Elliott and intio duced the students to the Wai Council’s new piesident Noiman
Augsbuigei
Phi Epsilon 2348 In the oiiginal plans loi the loiunament the two leading teams in each biacket weie to play in the final playoffs Howevei thiee teams weie tigd foi second m the “A” biacket and two tied in the “B” l^iacket The Sigma Phi Epsilon team w on the playoff in the “A biacket by del eating Pi Kappa Alpha and Pi Kappa Phi Phi Kappa Tau deieated Delta Tau Delta m the “B ’ biacket playoff Knutzen Leads S Cb Eiank Knutzen who li ul the best aveiage in the touuiamcnt loi the eleven week season led the SAb team to top honois Othci inembcis of the Mctoiioiis team wcic Glenn Stockmeiei Bob Stackhouse Dick Stackhouse and Chailes Ilatteiy Rolling foi the second place Phi Kappa bow lei weie Wcbei Buck lens Johnson Moigan and Epsing Cosmopolitan Club Announces Officers Cosmopolitan Club closed the ,tei Ill’s activities last Satuulay ni„ht with a banquet in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union. The graduating seniois Fled Fanigawa an Ha waiian student, and Norbert Tieger, an Italian student weie honoied In
the club
Tamgawa picsented the piesi dents gavel to the incomin., piesi dent Nmettin Ayasun a giaduate student fiom Tuikey Ayasim an iiounced the followin., officeis foi next semestei Joy Wamplei Bick nell Mce piesident Maiy Fiances Dotj Mulbeiiy secietaij Geoige Siu Hawaii tieasuiei, Elizabeth Douglas Valpaiaiso inembei at laige Ed Mnaniasu Hawaii sei geant at amis Guests at the meeting weic Miss Glaic Coohd,_,c actin,. dean of worn en Tied Goldsmith dean of men and Pi of and Mis F R Hall
The SIX gills who made tlicii class hockey, team and theiefoie weie given their class nniiieials weie Betty Dostci Shu ley Eldiidge, Emma Ilillaeit BetU King, and Mary Steeley. Betty Katzenberg, Selma Markam, Dorothy Platt, Roberta Buechele, and Madge Huff were also awarded numerals as a result of cai 11111., 200 points Elea 1101 Seibaii initiated the following ^iils into the Modern Dance Club Ellen Bormuth, Betty Garey, Jean Gibson Faye Gunippci Betty Lou Hunnicutt Betsc\ Moiton Betty Shottuck June Sp iiidct Soma
Suicidlolf and Jean light Riveter Cagers (Coniii lied fiom page 3)
fust halt In the second half he scoicd foul moie points bcfoic Coach Kinnaii took him out as a file piecention gestiuc Captain Dam ton had the lionoi of scoi mg the fii st point of the St ison loi tic Btais on a fiee tliiow in the opening nun utes of the .,anit and also c inic thiough with the fiist bisket of the
ycai a few iiunutcs latci
eithei passpoit 01 sales receipts Copies of the Debus will be mailed to the duectory addiess of those seniois who do not leceive then book today 01 Monday The Debi IS office should be notified of changes m addiess and paitial pay-
ments must be completed
All other purchaseis of the hook will leceive then copies Monday fiom 3 p m on at which time three 01 fom bundled copies will be avail able Those not lecejving books at this time will get them next semes-
tei
A limited numbei of copies of the yeai book will be available next semestei foi the pilce of $6 00 and those pel sons inteiested in pui chasing one may sign a piefeience list in the office now
before leavnxg campus
As usual the entiance on Univeisity
street will be used
Those students who weie distinguished duiing eithei the summer 01 spiing term will be permitted to 1 egistei at 8 a m on Monday Stu dents changing schools, re-enteiing the University, or new graduates have to obtain pei mits at the Registi ai’s Office In case a conflict is discovered by the student aftei completing registiation he should letuin to the Aimory immediately and
have it lectified
All students aie cautioned by the legistrar to bung pencil and eiaser and a check, postal oyexpiess money oidei payable to the University to covei then fees and deposits
-RIORDAfi
PIA The followmB named students may call lor their keys Monday Dec 21 between keys L J Wdowka J Watson J Pecsok C Eezck M Vaughn, M Young J Pedlar B Dohrman Bronze keys Jane Brown T Mittman Silver keys B J Ribordy J 4pm and 6 p m at the PIA office Gold Bea! F Hess R Hall S Leszczynski 1 West E Kessler G Schmidt K Truax E A Andre R Jones M Diesslin —AUGSBURGER Alpha Phi Omega Executive meeting in the Swedish Lojinge of the Union on Wed nesday Jan 6 1943 All officers ahd com mittees will be there any other actives are
—GOSSWEIN
MT 4 Students All MT 4 s who have been selected for the Advanced Course sign contract at Main Office in Armory
—RIORDAN
Reamers Short but important me4tin(( Monday night Dec 21 at 6 46 in room 304 of the Union Please be prompt so that iwe cpn get to the game on time —BRAY Radio Code Group students who quali> fled at 6 W P M pr better during the !(Wt Code Group may obtain Certifldates of Qualification by contacting Lt Hcstcrbtrg at tWe Purdue Armory before & p yi Tuesdajh Dp*
JRfiERG
cember 22
-HESTBRfi
Classified
Ads
Money to loan on diamonds watches, lugrgatirc typewriters Albert's Lban Offib^,
407 Columbia
Lutheran Students Chribtmas party in the church basement 610 North Ninth St
at 7 80 p m Sunday Dec 20 Bring a gift the Exponent for our Orphans Home box Gamcb songs Rcektenwald
and refreshments —WALLACE
Wanted—Students interested in pcddli^i?
Call Exponent, Ask fpr
Graduation
(Continued fiom page 1) of gi eat public utility and manufac tilling enterpuse and of his contu bution to engineeimg and finance” Dean A A Pottei will make the
piesentation
Robert E Woodruff will receive his degiec as Doctoi of Engineei in,, foi being “Engineei and majoi executive of an impoitant Amei lean lailioad system, tiusted leadei oi men in high and humble places ” It will be presented by Prof R B Wiley head oi the Civil Engineei
ing School
R. B. Stewart contiollei of the Univeisity, will leave tonight foi Seattle, San Eiancisco and othei Pacific coast liointb to handle the business afFaus in connection with seieial naval tiaining schools He will make the tiip by plane and will be accom panicd b^ Mis Stewait
r. R. Johnston Diiectoi of Infoi mation for the University, is back fiom Wash ington wheie he was called a week ago as consultant on vaiious phases of the meat rationing piogiam
Delta Rho Kappa science honoiaiy, announces the initiation of Beth Ludbeig, Mary Odell, Dorothy Ragsdale, Shickiey Anton and Robeit L Weiss
Typewriters—Adding machines, all njhkM sold rented, repaired, and pulrahased Mimeograph work done 0 J Ebershoff, 606 MtliAa
Lafayette Phone 2779.
For Rent—Double or single room Stoker
heat 434 N Grant
Lost—Silver Exponent key with initials J K cm back Call Jane Keim at Exponent office 01 3332 I Lost—A K and E slide rule Reward. C M Oirg Phone 31264 «
TEAR UP THAT CHRISTMAS LIST I ct US sohe the whoje problem tor jou with photogiaphs, so east so economicdl—<iiid t et so distinetiic SCOBEE’S PHONE 2313 105 NORTHWESIERN AVE
Trustees
(Continued fiom page 1) Roger Bidiiigan Lafajette coun scl foi the Boaid also was planted a leate of absence to sei\e as cap tain in the United States Aimi where he will lie on dutj on the Judge Adcocate Geneials stiff B A DeVol local itto net was naiyied m his place James W Noel, Indianapolis, vice chairman of the Board of Tiustees was lo elected to the Board of Directors ol the Ros Ydc Foundation whcic he icpic cuts thg Boai d ol i 1 ustecs 11 c I on no i tiOn Is the oiganuation that di ccts th^ affairs ot the athletic plant in eluding the Stadium I icldhoust and GMiinasium
Dorothy Cornthwaite was the newly installed president ot AWS and Mabel Vaughan was instilled as -vice president This IS the icceisc ot what was punted in Friday, December 18 Exponent which w is an, ciioi Coed Hours Coed hours Monday night De cembci 21 will be 12 midnight AWS JUDICIAL BOARD
IFrite for chart picturing 18 beautiful all-smooth models, telling benefits of lyiARVELOUs Patented Filter Also same styles, all-etched, until Eagle or''V” engraved PATRIOTIC EMBLEMS specially designed for men in service as well as civilians. Wm Demuth & ( o fnc NY/
MILLIONS WHEN IT’S -[dlkH
listen
Sta^ SECRETARIAL TRAINING FEBRUARY 15 • A( < eler iltd i oui m pi i pan - i ol lege wuiiieii toi '■epl< iiiin i jdiie inciil III niipoit lilt po-iliuii. I,pi II to Gibb', gi'adii 111 ' Miclnaiili m, liliiilid \ few M III* at uiiiiiiiaii d Itioiii. w ill ill n III dill P I ti loupiia on I |>i>-i il anil gi I lli f I) Ih about Kitliiiini (,ilil, up porluiiilne for < ollt gt woinin New YORK BOSTON 230 fork Ave 4o Marlborough St I tf likf to Know 4II <6 lit tie ated courie oUrtlfif Februa > (9
Santa Likes Boys and Girls to be Neat and Clean
When yon go home tor the Clirislnias feslivilics be sure ibal your day-time elolhes are elcau and well pressetl; ibal your evening dollies are free Irom soil ami odor. Don’t spoil that first dale with the one and only . . . he sure that your elolhes are in perfect order.
To gel that service . . . Dial 7278 ^ i AMiRiCAi [mm
Southworth’s
SANTA and SOUTHWORTH’S want to join in wishing you a WsMuf ^h/iidtimcLL.
HJWIII BOCK&SIMYSTORE
308-JO STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
Southworth
~«i mI-
We IL-
sin ^ for
our Alma :=:• J J
Mater
all its
and
1/
1
r—: 1 ^=-''U
J ^
1/4 , :
—•• ■ p f——-1
1
and our new