‘J
'Cl
iomimiie€
ip, c
Vatatbn //icrease To i^ake Christmas Holidafs Tii^t Days Longer
Established ia89
Purdue University, West Ldfayette, Indiana
Sunday, November 15, 1942
Dates for the Christrrtas vacation were extended at a meeting of the Executive Committee of the^Paculty held last Frida|'’ afternoon. Under the new plan, the Christinas vacation wii begin at the close of classes on Tuesday, December 22, and will end at 8 a. m. on Monday, January 4. This adds eight days to the originally scheduled* vacation which would have ruh from December 23 .to 28. lilniversity officials stress the fadt that the ‘ neW' plan will take effect unless the Governmeiaf or Dffiee- oT Defense- Transportation adopt new orders or^regulatiton'S'-iir'the niekritime which make the transportatioh of student impossible during the holiday season. The plan, whieh was-announced to an enthusiastic audience at The Military Ball, has had a Colorful history and has met with many'reverses from the time of its origin until the hour of its adaption. Shortly after the-Fourth, of July vacation last summer. President Elliott noticed' that studeht morale was increased’ by the vacation, and brought- it to the-attention of the Elifecutive Committee; A committee was appointed to study the- possibilitiee of having’another short vacation some time during the present semester. Several' plans were submitted to the committee by student organizatibns, including one which proposed that all classes be disinissed'on Saturday, December 19. The committee voted this-down, but adopted a plan which called for the ending of classes on the nineteenth, with graduation on the following Sunday; ’ ■ • ’ The Exponent and the Student Senate kept on the job and presented'other vacation plans to the committee. These were alii tamed' down. Finally a personal letter was written to the committee and signed by John Amos, editor of the Exponent, and Joe Neff, president of the Student Senate. This letter, which stated the students’ side of the vacation argument, was presented to the Executive Committee Friday afternoon. With the backing of President Elliott', who attended the meeting in person, the new plan was adopted. The longer vacation will assure the out-of-.istate students a better chance of going home for the holidays and it is expected to boost student morale. The dance which was scheduled fo’r-New YeaPs Eve .has been cancelled because it would come during the vacation period.
M Sanders Will Play For Union Mixer Friday 'The Ole LeH-Hander' To Bring Native 'Tom-Tom' Rhythms Here Nov. 20 Joe Sanders, “The 01’ Left Hahder’’, will bring his orchestra to'both ballrooms of the Uniom Friday night for a regular 8:30-11:30 ffiixer. Only recently completing an engagement at "Chicago’s Blackhawk Restaurant, the Nighthawkers have also played for dancers at the New Yorker Hotel, in New York, Meadowbrook County Club in St. Louis, and the Palace
Hotel in San Francisco.
Sanders first began beating out rhythms soon after his fam- —{> . "» .'■■■'— ily moved to the Indian terri-
tory of Centralia, Okla. As a boy of six he was awarded a tom-tom and inducted into one of the native tribes because he rescued an Indian schoolmate from drowning. After that Joe was trained by the best tribal drummers and learned their own special ways of coaxing- unusual tempos
Michigan State Downs Purdue 19-6
Kieppe Sparks Second
Dick Jergens Band To Play For Cary Hall Dance Nov. 27
falmer Will Speak InalConvocation
(SroUprTo Hold Session At 7:30 This Evening Climaxing' a week of bull sessions, seminars and two evening convos. Dr. Albert W. Palmer, president of the Chicago Theological Seminary, will speak tonight at the final convocation of Religious Emphasis Week in Eliza Fowler Hall'from 7:30 to.8:80. Dr. Palmer, professor of practical theology and noted author-traveler, during- World War 1 i>p-ved the Army YMCA \vith the ..II.. M....rife..jii.IL.i-.Mi.i
Hoof And Hern To Hold Annuali.ivestock$i)ow Here November 18
Showing champion breeds of beef
cattle, horses, sheep and hogs, the tom-tom.
29th annual Little International Livestock show will be held in the University livestock judging pavilion at 7:30 p. m. next Wednesday, under the sponsorship of Hoof and Horn, agriculttiral honorary. As a preliminary showing of the fatStoek to be presented for judging at the 'International fatstock show hold in Chicago. December 1 to 4, this affair will give local students and local residents an opportunity to view those animals before transferrence to Chicago for the
show.
As an, added attraction, last year’s Grand Champion steer Loyal Alumnus'IV, will malce his last public appearance before being butchered'for the Indiana farmer’s week banquet to be heldVfti January. In the' past, steers, t)arrows (ho'g-,s), and wethers (sheep) have won a total of sixteen Grand Championships at the Chicago fatstock sliow, a total not equalled by any breeder or institution according to Prof. Gobble of the animal hus-
bandry department.
.^|.ll students, townspeople and
To this acquired sense of rhythm
his parents, who were fine singei-s, added ten years of practical tiaining in piano lessons. He started voice study himself at the age of eleven by exchanging choir singing. Later he sang with the Kansas City Opera Company and Oratorio Society and the William Jewell College male quartet before playing and singing- with his band. Now his two and a half octave vocal range
IS a feature of the orchestra. Robert Ripley in his “Believe It
Or Not’’ column cited Sanders as the holder of the world’s baseball record for strikeouts, 27 in 9 innings. Also a champion billiard player, Joe was redently presented a cue and case autographed by all past and present champions of the National Billiard Association. In Kansas City he held the title of three-
cushion billiards champion. Turning to music he wrote many
hits, including- “Beloved,” which sold over a million copies. lie is also tlie composer of DcPaul University’s marching- song, “Follow the
those from outlying districts are Ball for Old DePaul,” and the ofwelcome to the Little International, ficial songs of the radio comic thei-e being- no entrance fee sfrips, “Little Orphan Annie” and charged. The animals will be pre- “Harold Teen.” His three different pared; exh'ibited and explained by theme songs, “Do You Miss Me,” members of Hoof and Horn. Every “PH Never Forget I Love You,” and anim'al shown with the exception of ‘‘Nighty Night,” are also his own
the horses will go to the Chicago compositions.
exhibition for competition vfith According- to Union vice-presi-breeds from farms throughout the dent Gene Katterjohn, there will be nation. advance sale of tickets for FriTlias will be th^38th year that day night’s mixei-. Instead, tickets stock from the University has been will be obtained at the door foi- the
shown at the Chicago fair, ' usual price of $1,10.
Dr. Albert W. Palmer AEF in Siberia. Here he saw the back-wash of the war as the Kolchak forces retreated before the Bolsheviki. He has earned several degrees from the University of California, Boston UnivGi+;ity, and Yale, and has written many books on religious and cultural subjects. Beth Ludberg will preside at the convocation and the Univeisity Glee Club, directed by Albert P. Stewart and accompanied by Dave Simpson, will provide the mu,sic. One of the highlights of the week was Thursday night’s public banquet at which Charles W. Gilkey, Dean of the University of Chicago chapel, addressed an audience of 200 students and faculty members in the Groat Hall of the Wesley Foundation. On the night before. Dean Gilkey spoke at a convo in Eliza Fowler Hall on “The Beat Things in the Woist Times.” Some of the leading- ministers and leligioLis workeis of the middle west were on the campus during the observance of Religious Emphasis (Sec RELIGIOUS EMPHASIS, p 1)
Sale Of 300 Tickets For Students Begins Tuesday At Cashier's Office By Carolyn Wilbur Dick Jergens, with his familiar “Here’s That Band Again” Rhythm, is coming to the University November 27 to play at the annual Cary Club dinner dance, entertaining with three full hours of danceable music from 8:30 to 11:30 p. m. in both ballrooms of the Union. For the first time in the history of the Cary Club closed winter dance, other students will be able to purchase tickets because of the fifty per cent Draciflanl Fltmlf decrea.se of student residents rlSSIOvilI LIIiOIi in the halls. Three hundred . ■ fl I tickets will be placed on sale Tdiks Af Annual caippus at the cashier’s office Tuesday at Guidance Conference
Nearly 150 high school principals, teachcr.s, and school administrators from all .sections of the state attended the eighth annual University Guidance Conference which started Friday morning and continued thioug-h yesterday morning. Problems occasioned by the war emergency were emphasized at the opening se.ssions, while subjects presented at all sessions had a distinct war tinge. As one of the highlights of the day. President E. C. Elliott, of the University, who is now serving as Chief of the Division of Piofessional and Technical Employment and Training- of tlie War Manpower Commission in Washington, explained the relation.ship of the high schools to the lyoblems of manpower. To close the Friday afternoon program, Indiana’s war service counselling program was detailed by Clement T. Malan, state superintendent of public instruction. Must Exercise Care School officials were warned to exercise care in their guidance advice .so that theh- efforts will not become an “instrument for creating levcls of aspiration which it is impossible to attain.” This advice came li-om Dr. E. B. Reuter, University of Iowa sociologist, who discussed “some common interests of sociology and educational guidance.” “If guidance operates on this principle, on the idea that there is room at the top, it becomes wholly unrealistic, and education becomes an instrument for creating levels of aspiiation which it is impossible to attain; it gives an unrealistic orientation with consequent frustration and jiersonal disorganization,” he declaied.
Half Scoring Drives By Don Brewer, Associate Sports Editor EAST LANSING, MICH., Nov. 15—(Special to the Purdue Exponent)—Outclassing their Boilermaker guests in a sparkling display of blocking and broken field running, the Michigan State Spartans downed Elmer Burnham’s underdog squad,
MICHIGAN STATE Balge
Conner
Radulescu
Beyer
Leclair
Mangrum .
Roskopp Miltiken Kieppe Fenton
Gingrass
STARTING LINEUPS
Pos PURDUE
LE . Erk LT . Werren
. ... LG DeMaria . C Hiirrle ' RG Barweg-’n RT .. . . French .. RE .. Smerko QB Cook LH ,. Si’am RH - Cvccn-s . FB i- . . Bachman
OFFICIALS—Referee, Lyle'Clarno (Bradley); umpire, Don Hamilton (Notre Dame); linesman; Mike Layden (Notre Dame); field judge. Ray
Eichenlaub (Notre Dame).
19-6, in Macklin Field here yesterday before a group of 7,000
spectators.
Failing to make good several first half thrusts at the Boilermaker pay strip, Michigan State did not cash in on its superior — offensive abilities until the
third quarter. Sparking the first touchdown drive, which started from a punt return to the Purdue 42, Morgan Gingrass and Dick Kieppe battered the Riveter line steadily, Kieppe scoring the six point.-. In
* the same quarter Kieppe hit oil le* i Miss Winnifred Wygal of the na- t^^kle for a 38-yard touchdown i u,
tional YWCA staff, New York City,
Winnifred Wygal Addresses 50 Coeds At YWCA Conference
Dick Jergens
AIME
. . . announces the election of the following officers: D. C. Heckaui, president; E. E. Grider, vice president; Dwight McCloud, secretary; and Jim Baldwin, trea.surer.
present passports when purchasing tickets. This will be his second and final appearance at the University for the duration, the first being two ycar.s ago when he played at the Sophomore Cotillion. Dick’s success might be summed up in these few words of his when he said, “I try to give them thoroughly danceable music, and entertainment as well.” Born In California Jeigen.s was boin and reared in Sacramento, Calif., of a very musical family with their own family orchestra, Dick playing the cornet. When still a boy, he and six otherneighborhood fellows organized a jazz band with Dick as their leader thiough a foitunate accident. An automobile accident put hit, ti Limpet playing lips out of commission for a year so boys made him leader. He refused to use a baton and to this day, never has u.sed one. Five of the six original boys are still playing with him. (See DICK JERGENS, page 4)
spoke to over 50 representatives of Indiana colleges and many University girls at the annual conference of the Indiana Area of Collegiate YWCA yesterday afternoon on the topic of “Freedom From Fear”. Miss Wygal enumerated many of the fears embedded in college girls today, such as the fear of loved ones being lost in this war and the fear of those men who do retiu-n being a totally foreign person. She also mentioned the general fear of a depression after the war and its effect on the womanhood of this coun-
try.
Cortier Leads Discussion
A 34-yai-d pass early in the loui. Ii period from Stark to Bob McXeil completed the Sparton scoring i .i the afternoon and the Boileimnke.made good a sustained drive lie i-, their own 34, Buffington scori g
from the one-foot line.
Michigan State was without rhe services of two of its most powcrfi I backs, Wally Pawlowski and Ed Ripmastcr, who were out v.-itlr twisted knees. Purdue was the strongest in three weeks, with Smock, Warren and Barwegen hT..k
in the lineup.
Former Boilermaker gridiron greats, who helped to make up the
large Gold and Black rooting sec-
Other speakers at the conference tion, were Warner Van Auken, Dick included a discussion led by Prof. Abrell, Jerry Applegate, all who A. W. Cortier, professor of econom- starred during World War I; Lowell ics at Manchester College, who Decker and Ted Tycocki, gridcieu spoke on “Freedom Of Want” and -of a few years ago; Cecil Bor urn. Dr. G. R. Graham, pastor of Cen- star lineman and heavy-v-eigl't tial Presbyterian Chinch in Lafay- wrestler in 1918; along with hit ette who spoke on “Freedom of Re- Polker, president of the PunLu-
lig’ious Expression”. These discussions took place last evening along with a discussion by Miss Wygal on
“Freedom From Fear”.
Today at 9 a business session is being held with reports on Saturday evening’s discussions following. Conference members will attend the Sunday Morning Worship at 10:30 this morning which is in charge of the Ball State Teachcis College Wesley Foundation. The conference
Detroit Club. First Quarter A Toss-Up The Boilermakers won the toss, elected to receive but failed to den--the Michigan State line. Spartan ball handlers took over, and after another exchange of punts penetrated to the Purdue 40. A holdingpenalty, one of the many winch marred every quaiter, stopped a drive, however. Walt Cook’s 15-yauL gain aiound
will be concluded with a luncheon loft end near the close of the peat 12:45 today. riod was nullifietl when Milliken inDelegates are attending the con- tercepted Andretich’s pass on the ference from Ball State, Butler,De- Spartan 30. Gingrass was stalling Pauw, Earlham, Hanover, Indiana, at midfield for Michigan State when Oakland City, Manchester and Indi- the quarter ended. Store: Michigan
Friday Oth' No Jinx To Military Ball
' By June Hardy Friday the ISth jinx proved a' fallacy last Friday night as the biggest and best Military Ball in history wound up to a roaring succes.s. The glamour of late hours, nine o’clock dates, and backless dresses contributed to unforgettable mer1 iment along with Blazer pilgrimages and Biltz’ ott'erings. Forgetting the past gil'ts of exotic and sweet .smelling posies, dates of the eveir,ing strutted with their Uncle Sammy corsages—in other words, every gal had her date’s stamp of approval^—in the •form of a dollar’s worth. Fnpm the powder room came woes and w'ails “Where’ll I put ’om ?” 'Phe general reply was “Hung ’em otV^Vour oar!” But soon the question was settled sensibly, and corsages adorned everything from raven locks to shoulder strajis to wrist dusters. Eds should be
thanked for purchasing these “w'ar helpers” and Go’s should be thanked for wearing them as a substitution; that’s only a sample of the real campus spirit. Next largest “eye-popper” of the evening, besides nude shoulders, was the grand march. Orchids to the cadets; their saber arch awed imports and amazed even the visilin.g army officials. Crows surged down the isle, and not once did a female duck as she tripped under the sword. lu, took many a strongright arm t® make these mid-air flying-butvosjses. WelLreprjisentod were the active military forces; the Marines a little weak perhapsi with only one uniformed member there. His uniform prompted jealous glances galore from Eds in tails; don’t worry, boys, you’ll get yours soon enough. Migrating- basementwmrd, one
found a second congrogalion beating out Reggio Childs’ rhythms; his music furnished top entertainment for the overflow that milled from the ballroom to the Sweet Shop. Naturally, ye old Sweet Shop w'as teeming with holiday business; thirsty couples drank cokes as never before. Climax of the evening was—you know what—the eagerly awaited aniiouncemeiil, “Two weMcs’ ChrisLmas vacation!” Utilizing this as an unmatched stimulant, dancers swept forth till one o’clock, then utilizing other stimulants, activity continued till two. Two o’clock—all in, doors locked, gals absorbing- latest night’s gossip—guys just absorbing— Yep, another Military Ball come and gone. ’Twill all cause reminiscing for the seniors and anticipation for undergrads.
ana Ceritial. Billie Rathenbuigei, student af DePauw, is general chairman of the conference; Hariict Haymaker, of the DePauw faculty, is adviser for the conference with the aid of Mrs, G. R. Thornton, YWCA adviser for the local chapter, and Betty Evans, Junior HE, is chairman of the arrangements at the University. Prof. G. 0. Mott ... of the Agronomy department, will present a talk on pasture legumes as influenced by clippingtreatments at the bi-weekly meeting of the Agronomy seminar at 4 p. m. in room 201, Agriculture Hall. Mott IS 111 charge of pasture research at the University. Senior Engineers All senior engineers in both seventh and eighth terms are excused from classes for one hour beginning at 10:00 A.. M-, Tuesday, November 17th, in order to attend a lecture by Mr. Kuthenburg, recently appointed to the Board of 'rrustees. 'Che lecture will be held in Room 129, EE Building.
State 0, Purdue 0. Spartan Aerials Fail Outdistancing- the Boilermakerbacks in punt returns as well as punts, Michigan State moved to the Purdue 35 on an exchange. Kieppe passed into the flats to Gingrass who scampered down the sidelines to the 18-yard line, but the Boilermakers took over possession of the ball when the Spartan aerial attempts fell incomplete. Kenny Smock entered tlie game to spark a drive from the shadow of the goal posts to the 50-yard line, but after an exchange of boots, was trryjped far behind his own line on the 27. Battling continued well ill the middle of the field and only Kieppe’s 2S-yarrl gam tluough the Boilermaker eeiiter, befoie the close of the half, broke the monotony of the frequent p\mt exchanges. Michigan State held the bull when the
period ended.
Score; Michigan State 0, Purdue 0. Start From Kickoff Michigan State’s first scoring punch started on the opening kickoff of the sgeond half. Returning- refreshed, Kieppe took Warren’s end-over-eud kick on his 14, racing 33 yards to the State 47. Hitting right (See GAME STORY, page 3>^ \
■'■•'■iKi
Purdue Exponent Sunday^ November 15, 1942^1
l^urdue Exponent Offices: ^Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhoiise, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Kditor-in-Chief N<’ws H:ti;t<ir . MniinirinR fCditor .. Spurts Editor IlasMioss Manatrcr.. C’ucJ Editor
u...John F. Amoa Don T. Br6phy . John H. Armatrone Robert L. Hadley ....Ken K. Gpcmrc Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff
Aasociatc Editors Editorial StatT: 1'. AV. Ochciltreo, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Rafcrt, It. E. liutz, AV. G. Iloskin.'i. R. AV. Boswinklc, K. Roquemorc,
S. Wolf.
Spnrl.s Stair: D. E. Brewer, J, S. Dawson, D, Shryer, C,
Sowanl.-i.
Coed StatT: Sally Be,nll, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer, Elaine
A Ill-
Business Staff
( nrd nnsiness Manager: Julia Martin, .AcheriisiiiK Manatrers'! J, M. AVrifcht, D, L, Johnson, J. Petty, ( irrulaiion Manairer: G. H, Kloutnan. Aeioents Manatrer: Trcna TOrrenRa. Jiiiiior Cned Alanagers: Ellen Clark, Jane Kcim. The Purdue Independent
Eirhir-in-Chirf. , tu Manjicint!. Editor Hiisinoss Manairer Ceod Editor :• Advertisinjr Manager Ac(o«n<s Manairor ( iroul.ation Mannper
Davt Bartft ....... Ed Humphrey Elwin W^lbaum ....Roberta Kessler ..Scott Brown George Paine ..Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue 'ht l^oitor: ,'\l«rphy Sports Editor: ShryCr > EO tor: INtrsonH Issue Editor: Tyson r-: l^trivr. Wilbur, Siiiitli, StclTcs, Ingcrsoll, Watson.
hidirii ut lh-
St rt ni] clais mntlrr at tho post otHcc in Lafay1, uiid-r liK* act. of Congress of March 8, 1879, iHi'ial r;ilo ot po-s.tigG provided for in st'cUon OiMmImt ;;. J917. authorized January 20, 1922. i ll.-day, Thursday, Friday and. Sunday mornings .nr. l>f)ivi’rt?d locally ly carrier for $1.75 for n <Mi for two semesters; by mail for $2.00 lof a rS.’iO fi>r l\v(.i si.mcslrrs. ■\'tit: mailed subscription $1.60. fl !or natiitual advertising by National AdveriisIne.. C7>ll‘'pe Publishers Representatives,. 420 New York. N. Y.
Tm R*() U V P4t Oft
You
. . : I’rc.sident Elliott, fox’ the extended Holiday vacation. It’s heartening to knoAV that there i.s .still one person running this University AA-hn has not foi'gotten the days when he > nt to college. It’s heax’tening to know that ilii re is still one person in chai’ge of this brain factory Avho I’ealizes that students are human i ’’Mgs and not machines to be set at a certain s;:,.'ed and kept going at that speed until they Avau' out. ?v-ddvish you could have*been here at.the fihlitary Ball Friday, night, Di’. Elliott, so that yon might haA^e seen the joyous looks on the si.alGnts’ faces when Professor Hockema ann.vunced that the Holiday vacation had been increased to twelve days. That announcement Ava.s Idee a life sa\'er thrown to a drowning sadoT-. It Aurtually gave the pfudents who at1 ended the" Ball a ncAv lease on life, to say nothing of making an ah’eady vei'y enjoyable dance even moi’e successful. Wc also Avish that you could be here this in-.rning Avhen this announcement will reach t 'ro .general student body. We Avish that there A . ( re some Avay Ave could photograph the inner f('(dings of every Purdue student and send h’.em to you in Washington. J [■ 1 here Avere only some way we could tell you Avhat a boon a few days’ I’elaxation away j'l om school Avork Avill mean to us. There are many of us Avho live far out-of-state and well i ealizc that, if ti'anspoi’tation peimiits, this ma;-.' be the last time we will ever see our parents or home before we leave for service in Iho armed foixes. '••Vc wi.-h there wei'e two of you. Dr. Elliott, s.r that one of you could stay down here and li-:li) us out when we need you. We wonder ii you kncAv that pi’oposals for an extended (,'iiristmiis A'acation, a shoi'tened fall semester and a rnid-term vacation had each been given to the Executive Committee and had been lurried (loAvn by that woi’thy organization. vVe wish A\:e could tell you how glad we are i hat ypu spent a little time hei’e Friday aftei’rroon and .set things sti'aight for us. klaybe the best way to show you our gratitude is to ask you to watch us from now on. VVe do jujt liesitate in the least to put ourselves (jiU: on a limb and say that the class cutting Aviiicli has been .so pi’evalent thus far in the siincster Avill decrease markedly and that si tidying will inci’ea.se in proporation. Not only will Ave finish this semester up with a ban.g but, after a let-up fi’om school woi'ries for a few days, we Avill return to work the next semester with I'enewed enthusiasm. ; Yes, we hardly knoAv how to shoAy you our .gratitude. All avc can .say for the present is ‘ rhanlv you, Pi’esident Elliott, for a new lease on life.”—k.g.r.
Daniel M. Pearce, Jiv, who recently was graduated H’om Haiwax'd university Avith a de- • e in mechanical engineering, paid part of L s LI.lit ion by performing'as a clown at pri- \ ai.(,'pai'ties.
•: i'lnist ivrenek, noted Czech composer of the oi.H'ra, ‘‘Johnny SpieJt Auf,” has been apjixinted px-ofessor of music at Hamline uniA'ersity, Bl. Paul, Minnesota. ,
When Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt recently received a doctor of laws degree from Washington college, Chestertown, Md., it was the first time the college cA^er had awarded an honorui y degree to a womiin.
Merry-40-ROUND
By DREW PEARSON
U. S. Troops Fight' In Africa, Solomons, Aleutions; Retain Fails In 'War Short Of War' WASHINGTON—Though the landings on North Africa were a carefully''guarded military secret between high British and American ofiicials, one other country let in on the secret was Brazil. In fact, Brazil, through Foreign Minister OsAvaldo Aranha did some important spade work for the United States in regard to vital Atlantic Islands, the Azores and Madeiras. These lie along the route of the American Supply line to North Africa, the Madeiras close
to the African coast.
Therefore, it aa'hs considered possible that the Germans might attempt to use these islands as submarine or even air bases, or that the United States in turn might need the islands for emergency bases. Both island groups are Portuguese, So, long ago, Brazil, Avhich looks to Portugal as its mother couii- , try, made informal diplomatic soundings to make sure that these islands Avould linb up Avith the United Nations in case of emergency. • This Solomons Fight One thing that got under the skin of high U. S. Army officials during the weeks jiist before the North African landings was the Navy’s policy regarding the battle of the Solomon Islands. ' Though all the details had not been worked out, it had been definitely agreed Avith Churchill and the Rii.s.sians to start some kind of second front operation this summer, However, the Navy also claimed that it could start the Solomon Islands campaign simultancou.sly without taking any ships out of the Atlantic or disturbing the Second Front preparations. The admirals promised the War Department that the number of ships used in the Solomons aVouW be very small
indeed.
But before the Solomons operations had lasted many weeks, (he Navy had used several times as many ships as it expected—.some of them sent to the bottom of the Pacific. Ships Avere taken off the supply lines to Russia, despite definite promises made to Russia! Ships Avere also taken off theasupply lines to England to such an extent that supplies to England dAvindled to a driblet. In fact, some Navy leaders seemed to act almost as if the British were more of a nuisance than a help because their supply lines had to be kept up—apparently forgetting that it if Avere not for the British fleet, we would have to AvithdraAV the American fleet from the Solomons overnight and concentrate on protecting our OAvn shores in both bceans. • A Lesson From The Aluetians Inside the Navy it is pointed out that one of tlic best jobs Admii'll Nimitz ever did Avas to . let the Japs get into the tip end of the Aleutian Islands. This proved to be a beautiful decoy, like flies to molasses. The Aleutians Avere too exposed for the Japs to defend safely, too near our bases. As a result, the Japs lost 10 destroyers—a big chunk out of any Navy—and we are continuing to whittle them down with no loss to ourselves. U. S. bases arc noAV so close to Kiska that U. S. planes bomb the Japs every day without fail—and bomb them so badly that recently np Jap fighter planes have been put in the air. Apparently they are all smashed. But in the other end of the Pacific, Army strategists fear that AA'e may have got ourselves in the same positions a.s the Japs have in the Aleutians—Avith our necks so far stuck out that, despite current successes, we have lost more ships than the Solomons Averc worth. • What Happened To France What mobilized manpoAver means to a nation at war Avas told to the Senate Military Affairs Committee by Michael J. Deutch, a Belgian engineer, avIvo travelled in France just before its fall. Testifying on Senator Kilgore’s bill to create an Office of Technological Mobilization, Deutcli charged that France’s defeat AA'as due chiefly to the bungling of its manpoAver program. The French believed in a big army, Deutch declared, and had no plan for the systematic allocation of manpower needed in Avar production industries. French government leaders believed in mobilizing everybody for. the armed forces, Deutch a.s.scrted, Avithout classifying those Avith technical skills. An engineer was very often in the infantry. But in Germany, Deutch said, every worker was classified and giv'cn a labor card as early as 193.5. The German government fully controlled the movements of individual Avorkers and professional men. “Big industrial manufacturing establishments in France experienced very heavy shortages of manpoAvor because the call to the colors was sudden and very large,” Deutch told the committee. “Deferment Avas an, exceptional thing. Everybody Avent into the
army.”
• Odds And Ends In Africa Admiral Esteva, Resident-General of Tunis, has.a unique theory about beards, women and efficiency. Believing that Avoinen and shaving take up too much' time, he resolved as a youth iicver to shave and never to associate Avith women. As a I'esult he figures he has saved several years of his life. ... It Avas really the French Dieuxieme Bureau, or Secret Service, Avhieh smuggled Gen. Giraud out of Fiance into North Africa, just as they also had most to do with smuggling him out of a German prison. He passed tlirough Gibraltar disguised as an old Avoman, accompanied by a young French woman. . . . Admiral Darlan was at the bedside of his son in Algiers, ill Avith blood poisoning, when U. S, troops landed in North Africa. Admiral Esteva, Gen. Juin, and several other military leaders all had been sounded out secretly by U. S. agents regarding resistance in ease American troops landed. • WarSliorf OfWar Behind the picture of aged Marshal Petain, broken, disillusioned, turning first against the United States, then against the Germans whom ho thought Were his friends, is an important stoiy. It is the story of attempted appeasement, the story of Avar short of war. Petain has been hailed as the great hero of Verdun. Attributed to him for a generation have been the words: “They shall not pass!” Actually those words Avere written by a typcAvrlter strategist of lOK! and put into Petain’s mouth. He never said them. Actually Petain AA'as for surrender to the Germans in the last war, just a,s he Avas for surrender in 1940. He has always been for war short of war.
Problem^ For Fun To facilitate their consideration, .solutions should be submitted on separate-signed sheets, within one week after the posting of the problem. Include with each solution a signed statement that the solution AVas dbtained unassisted. sSoliitions are to be handed in at the 'Mathe-
matics Office.
CaleiidaT Week of November 15-21
Sunday, November 15
PROBLEM 10; ^ If a cpw js tic(i Avith a 75 foot foot rope to the corner of a barn 25 feet square, oyer Iioav much territory can
she graze,?
9:00 A.M. to 12:00 . YlYGA Meet & Luncheon..West Faculty Lge.,Union 9:00 A.M. Indiana Frozen Food Lockers,. .Room 365, Union 7:30 P.M. Lutheran Student Association........Room 307, Union ■ . ■ . A' • ' ■ . . ,
Monday, November 16
Remarks On Problem 9: In order to solve the problem it is necespry to exainino the three triangles simultaneously. The si:nplest method is to use the law of sines wherever possible. This problem admits exact ansAvcr.s, that is, the lengths of the required sides can be given in terms of radicals. The approximato, distances are: OA. equals 1.88 inilcs, OB equals 1.28 miles,ancl OC equals 1.33 miles. Who Lost This Coat? It has been asked that the boy Avho left a coat in the car in'which he Avus riding Sunday evening, November 8, from Lebanon to Lafayette, to please write to Solon K. Deal, 302 E. Jefferson St., 'Valparaiso, Indiana, .(.viving descriiition of the coat and tolling some incident of the ride or any other proof that'h'e'is the rightful o\vner of the
coat.
Prof. E. C, Stair . . . of the department of horticulture was notified last Aveek of his appointment 'to a national comm’ittee I'epreseiiting ' Junior Branch Mcmhershiiis cf the American Society for Horticultural Science. Emil Wolf, an' dlericultui'c s)K'cialist of the 1942 class of the University, Avas the. first junior member to present a paper to the Society, ’rhe Univer.sity’s Junior Branch will be represented thi.s year by a paper by James M. Ingram,, a senior in Olericulture.
1:30 P 1:45 P 4:00 P 4:00 P 7:00 P 5:3()-P 7:30 P 7:30 P,
Girl Scout LeLidcl'S..... Tr. Course in Sales'Distribution. Comm, on State of University... POMM Closed Meeting..,..: Reamers ...1...;.. ;... Agr. Aliimni-Staff-Senioi' Dinner.. PJA Dance Class University Club Bridge Party
..Room 304, Union ..Eliza Fowler Hall ..Room 263, Union
..Armory
:.Room 304, Union .Ag. Engineoi'ing Bldg. ..South Ballroom, Union' ..East Faculty Lge.j Union
Tuesday, November 17
2:30 P.M, Pur. Worn. Club Guest Day & Tea..South Ballroom, Unidn
7:00 P.M. Alpha Phi Omega ........ 7:30 P.M.. Military; Ball Committee... 7:30 P.M. Co. Holne Eco. Teachers 7:30 P.M. .Purdue Forestry Club .7:30 P.M. Christian Science Meeting 7:30 P.M. Agr. Chemistry Society.,...
Room 304, Union E. W. Recep. Rms, Union Room 261, Union Auditorium,. Hort. Bldg. Room 303, Union Room 305, Union
'Navy Caclei^ Tpi peai|jWg USO Hostess Pin ^ ' Students of the Naval Tjf|iri)»^ ;■ School With a flair for design irifiy' leave a periinanen.t impresfeioft Avith the Lafayette USO by designing (ft' hostess pin to be worn by all giHs affiliated .With the organization when they attend functions'-? given for Bluejackets. - According.to'Catherine LCutylof L the tiSQ committee, tjie pini will indicate that the wearer is a hqs’tess and a meniber of the Girls’ Service Organization,-
LUMA 4Y.PAY$r-;— STARTING TODAY EVERTVODV IS
PirroNU
MRS.M1NIVER
ON THEIR ALL-TOiS
lO-BEST LIST!
it
The pjpture America is cheering! It's the Big Parade of this War ! Voted the greatest movie ever made!
JAMES AND HIS MUSIC MAKERS SPRIiyGIiillE IN THE ES CHARLOTTE GREENWOOD »EDWARD EVERETT HORTON
MARS
DirQclod hy IRVtNG CUMMINGS • Produced by WILLIAM LeBARON Screen Ploy by Walter Bullock • Ac/aplof/o« by Jacques thery
CCNTURV'FOXt
’i£k';.n.n^6^.is,i9ii! ‘ Milermaker. Sports
4/^ff P
Bucket Battle To Close Riveter Gridiron Season
Hillenbrand Heads Cast Of Hoosier Backfield In the forty-fifth renewal of the annual Bucket dassie, the Boilermakers will sCek to expunge all the black marks from a dreary season by a victory over their arch rivala^ the Indiana Crimson, This tilt will mark the season’s end for the Riveters. In the past when the Hoosiers have faced the Gold aiid Black the game has been filled with elements of surprise. Bach - . - team points for this coiitest aS
Cross Country Squad Leaves For Windy City With their season record marred by only one defeat, Coach jfietmon Phillips and his speedy cross country stars left today for Chicago University’s Washington Park cross country course. Thu o)t)jeCt of their Windy City invasion is to defend the Bi|^ Ten cross country title which they won last year. Monday at"2 p. m., eight teams from the major Big Ten sfehOOls will compete for the , conference crown. Mehl, who set the time of 20;34.7
' The enl^es this year show the largest, field in recent seasons for this annual track car-
So far this season, the Riveter runners have had a better than
, . average record on the victory side
nival. Indiana S SQl^ad, coached Qf ^Jjg ledger. One of their outstandby the Versatile ;^illy Ilayes, is fa- ing wins is the verdict over a^Str^ngj vqred to takesthe crown, because of aggregation of Illini track stars, the undefea'jied performance they The Black and Gold came out on have shown in dilal meets this sea- top of a 23 to 34 score in this meet, son. A victory for the Hoosiers by outclassing such Illini stars as ^i^puld give them their seventh Big Sieb, Dunn and Gladding. Ohio T^n cross country title. Hayes’ State also fell befoie the BoilerHbosiers h^nded the Boilermakers maker attack to the tune of 19-33. thfeir only defeat in dual competi- Wisconsin was next on the cinder ti^n this season. list and suffered a 17-40 setback at
'Brcfiriiiar lost Ffed Wilt, the 1941 the hands of the speedy Phrllip^"
ihdividwhl Winner, by graduation, coached squad. In the only nOnbut th^ir team balance and the pres- conference meet, the thinlies from ence of Earl Mitchell, who has cap- Westerh Michigan were defeated by
ably filled tihe shoes left by Wilt, the Black and Gold,
gives them the edge over our Black Indiana, as mentioned above, gave gnd Gpld speed-merchants as well the Boilermakers their only loss in ds the strong Contenders from Illi- the dual competition for this fall, nois, Ohio State, Wisconsin and the This battle resulted in a not-too-best Chicago entry that has been good 19-36 sCote. In the State Meet
this season, the Hoosiers again beat a determined Black and Gold squad
Eajrl Mrtrhell, the mainstay of the cherished
Hoosier squad, is the Big Ten ind,oor and outdoor two-mile champion in, track. Tomorrow at Wash-
seen for some time.
Mitchell Bids For Record
State title. Notre Dame took second in this event and the Riveters took
the third beith.
ington Pdrk, he will make his bid Boilermakers Determined forthe conference record on the Despite these^defeats by Indiana, Washington course. The record is Phillips and his crew are denow held by Wisconsin’s Walter termined to raise quite a fuss in
the big Ten title quest. He is taking a well balanced squad of speedstei s to the meet in Chicago. Chuck Duesler, veteran distance runner from last year’s impressive squad, will be counted on to lead the Boilermaker attack. Coach Phillips stated that Duesler is the most improved man in the conference this year. He has an excellent chance of finishing third in the confOrence race, and can go higher if the breaks come his way. His main competition will be Mitchell and Judge, the two streaks of lightning from Indiana.
BALLROOM DANCING
CLASSES
i NOW BEING ORGANIZED
BEGINNER'S
; >^ed., Noy. !8, 7:00 P.M.
advanced
Thu^s., Nov. 19, 7:00 P.M. ) ENROLL NOW
ALLEN’S
6lh & Ferry
Buckeyes Thump Fighting Illini Team; Final Score 44-20 Cleveland, 0., Nov. 14—Ohio State’s powerful grid machine rode foqghshod over Illinois here this afternoon to score a 44 to 20 victory over the Illini before a crowd of 68,656 football fans in Cleveland’s Municipal Stadium. Once again the Buckeyes rode to victory by virtue of their superior running attack. The victory enabled Ohio State to gain undisputed possession of first place in the Big Nine standings. Late in the first quarter, Les. Horvath tossed a pass to Bob Shaw , who wgs tackled on the Illinois 47. Fekdte gabled 12 yards through the line, and then Horvath cut wide to the left* reversed his field and sped over the Illini goal line. Fekete missed the conversion and the score was 6 to 0. Next Tommy James tore around right end and raced 76 yards for another touchdown. Fekete kicked the ball through the up- . rights,, and the Buckeyes led J13 to
0.
Just before the quarter ended. Captain George Lynn recovered a fumble on the Illinois 37. On the first place of the second period, Tommy James again raced around right end to score. Fekete converted and the Bucks were out in front by a score of 20 to 0. Soon after, big Les Horvath intercepted a pass and carried the ball* to the Illinois 7 before he was hit. But the Illini stiffened at this point. On the fouithy down Fekete stepped back and booted a field goal from the 15 yard line to give the Buckeyes a 23 to 0 lead. Illinois Comes Back Then the Illini attack began to assert itself. Tony Butkovich took the Ohio kickoff on his own 19 and raced the entire length of the field. But the officials noticed that Butkovich had stepped out of bounds on the Buckeye 2. On the next play, Tony gained the necessary two yards, and Jim McCarthy converted for the Illini to make the score 23 to 7. Later, McCarthy took a pass from Art Dufflemeyer and ran to the Ohio 26 before being tackled. Dufflemeyer completed another aerial to Florek to give the Illini
S ports CommuniqueQ By Bob Hadley
There’s always Indiana. Michigan State proved a little too tough for the Boilermakers yesterday and the latter dropped their fifth straight game to establish a recobd of 6ne win and seven beatings thus far in the 1942 season, ' > - Getting into gear and mdvtiig under forced draft in the second half of the contest at East Lansing, the Spartans managed to shake loose Kieppe for long tuns toO Oflen.' Incidentally, the six points that' Bill Buffington scored on his plunge from the one-yard line in the fourth quarter brings the Boilermaker scoring exactly even with the 1941 season record, and giving this year’s Boilermakers a chance to better Iasi year’s mark, if not to move up into the bracket of respectable season totals. This year’s scoring to date adds up to four touchdowns and three extra points to set the total at 27
points.
Leading the only scorers for the Boilermakers are Tex Smerke, on ’ the receiving end of one touchdown pass each in the Fordham and Iowa games. Bob Hajzyk with a touchdown from the 2 in the Northwestern game, and Bill Buffington, who tore through for yesterday’s Boilermaker marker. Henry Stram booted the three extra points. As was the case in thfe lad>aiTair involving the Sailors from Great Lakes a week ago, the Boilermakers were not far behind in the yardage from scrimmage and first down? departments. The opposing touchdowns came as a result of long rpns by the swift Spartan backs—something that the Boilermakers have beiCp^jnefiective against all year . . . speed. They can frequently fight thejr opponents right into the ground . . . but they can’t out-run them. ,, - There is one thing though-rr;the season is never over, and never labelled “unsuccessful” until after the annual bout with the Hoosiers of I. U. We have not seen a Boilermaker victory in the tilt involving the Old Oaken Bucket since our frashman year, and we’re ready to watch one develop next Saturday. Rumor has it that the Hoosiers are not overly worried about the contest ... in fact, we have heard that they aren’t even bringing the trophy up with them. We’re not conceding anything from here until after the gun ends the game. If the Riveters can subdue Billy Hillenbrand and his gang, it’ll be a suc'cessful season for the records.
Aquacade To Feature Fun, Frolic Dec, 4-5
the all important ^atne of the season. All previous records are disregarded when these
ancient foes hook up.
Many famous memories have risen from BoilermokerHoosier contests. Fans will remend-
The annual aquacade, which is ber the 20-20 tie played in Ross-Ade being held Dec. 4 and 5, will pi esent Stadium on a mud-soaked field in many thrilling events. Outstanding 1936. This was the great passing among, those will be the attempt of duel between Vernon Huffman of Roy Heidke to break the world 50 the Hoosiers and Cec Isbell of the yard breaststroke record. The entire Boilermakers. Again in 1938 one varsity swimming squad will take of the most spectacular plays ever' part in the big show. Jbe William- witnessed in the stadium, when Jack son will lead the comic diveis, as Browq ran the opening kickoff back he did last year. The Boilei maker 95 yards for what eventually proVed bathing beauties of Triton Club, to be the margin of victory in a 13-fi coached by Miss Russell, will do Riveter win. , their share in entertaining the Riveters Lead In Series
crowd. Precision ballet dancing will be one of their main features. This dancing was introduced into the show last year and met with great
Time honored trophy symbolic of victory in this series is the Old OAken Bucket which goes to the victorious team. Since the custom was
LOOSE SOMETHING? IF YOU DID, THERE’S STILL SOME HOPE ADVERTISE In the Classified Ads of the EXPONENT It’s the surest way to find anything because everyone reads THE PURDUE EXPONENT
a first down on the Ohio 14. McCarthy pulled out of his end position, took the ball from Florek, and tossed a touchdown pass to Steve Soncek. This made fhe score read
23 to 13.
Sarringhaus Scores Midway in the third period, Correll kicked to Sarringhaus on the Illinois 46, and the big Buckeye left halfback carried the ball back to the 26. On fourth down, with one yard needed. Gene Fekete took the ball on a direct pass from center and battel ed bis way to the Illinois 12. Then the Buckeye “T” formation shifted to the VigljL_and^^fra ball was snapped to Lynn who handed it to Sarringhaus. The Buckeye left halfback smashed his way over right guard for another touchdown. Fekete’s conversion was good and Ohio led 30 to 13. When Giiffin fumbled on his own 32, Shaw recovered once again for the Buckeyes. Then Horvath took the ball on a direct pass from center and .tore around left end to score another touchdown for Ohio State. Fekete converted once more and the Buckeyes led 37 to 13. In the final quarter, Sarringhaus took a pass from Horvath on the Illini 20 and went over for another score, completing Ohio’s touchdown orgy for the day. Palmer converted and the .seme Was 44 to 13. Seconds before the gun sounded to end the game, Illinois scored once more when Don Giiffin tossed a touchdown pa.ss to Gibbs in the Ohio end'' zone. Wilson converted. Final score, Ohio State, 44; Illinois, 20.
Every thing' for a College Education DEAC’S
Game Story (Continued from page 1) tackle on a spinner, Kieppe drove to the Purdue 42, then handed the ball to Gingrass on a reverse for 10 more yards to the 32. The Kiep-pe-Gingrass combination continued and Kieppe hit center for a touchdown frnm the one-foot line. Penton’s placement was good. Smock and Bachman failed to gam aftei Purdue’s reception of Fenton’s kickoff, and on the third Spartan play Kieppe broke loose and weaved his way to the Boilermaker 33. Stalling momentarily at the line, he again evaded Boilermaker tackleis and raced through left tackle for 33 yards and a touchdown. Fenton’s placement was wide.
Pass Interception
Late in the quarter Mencotti intercepted Cycenas’ pass, intended for Smerke on the Michigan State 40, returning it to the Boilermaker 37 where he was barely stopped by the safety man. This set the stage for the third State touchdown as
the period ended.
On the second play of the period Starke passed to McNeil. The scoreboard counter jumped to 19-0. Fenton’s kick was wide of the uprights. Berto and Buffington entered the ball game foi the Boilermakers, and Berkley completed a 26 yard pass
to Berto on the 50.
After another exchange of kicks Beito took over the passing duties and completed a long spiral 37 yards downfield to McCaffry on the Spartan 37. Beito and Berkley charged the ball to the Michigan State 10 yard stiipe. Buffington went around right end to the five, Berkley to the one, then Buffington went thiough tackle for the lone Boilermaker touchdown. Stram’s placement was wide. Score: Michigan State, 19;
approval. In addition to all of these instituted 10 P’s, 5 I’s and 2 IP’s events there will be plenty of ex- the chain that citing races. The free style and n^^rns the Bucket. These symbobreaststroke competition will be ten Boilermaker wins, five fot keen, and the fellows in the back- Indiana and two contests which end-
stroke races will find the number j ■ ..
one spot hard to hold. " T ■ -nu , • .v
The Hoosiers will be seeking their
In addition to all of our own stars third consecutive victory over the there will be a few “imports.” Patty jji^^ter contingent. Each of the last Aspmall, the 16 year old Women’s t^^ contests have been won in the AAU breaststrohe champion, will minutes of play and hate be among those present to give the ^^^n fought on rain-soaked gtid-
irons. Indiana won in 1940 on Gerie
fans a thrill with her perfection performances in the butterfly
breaststroke.
In the way of something really new and different there will be a Labrador Retriever dog, owned by Dr. Swezey of Lafayette, chasing
White's field goal, by a sepre of 3-0, and last year’s tilt wgs_ decided by a fourth quarter touchdown, the final count standing‘at 7-0.
Stop Hillenbrand
Again, as'has been the case in
a duck aiound in the water. The gygj.y contest played by the Hoo whole idea behind this is for the dog gigj.g ij^ig season, the cry to “Stop to retrieve the duck to Dr. Swezey Hillenbrand” will be their opponunharmed. I’m sure Mr. Mallard Ao
will give oui noble Labrador
give oui
merry race; however, in recent “test-runs” the duck has been retrieved, so it looks as though the dog will bring home the duck. A demonstration of Red Cross
ent’s battle theme. As predicted at the state, the bow-legged, smiling tailback from Evansville has been one of the nation’s leading offensive stars. The respeet, which all Hoosier opponents have fochirb has made him valuable as a .decoy in
SCOBEE’S
Your family and friends want it—j-bueiness often demands it— so have that new portrait made today. The few minutes required will be well spent. PHONE 2343 105 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
life saving techniques will be put addition to his all around play, on by the male members of the cast. Teaming with the great blocking A few tactics taught at practically ijack, Lou Saban, Hillenbrand forms all naval training stations will be gf tj^g i_ u. team. When displayed also. These will include jjg jg leading their offense, Billy breath control under water, and the makes a great portion of the construction of a human bridge. tackles. Saban has played from 55 Coach Papenguth has a few “sur- .(.g gg minutes in almost every ponprise” acts that he will pull out ^gg^ ^.jjg Crimson has played,
of the pool at the last minute. As pme Punting
for these all we can say is that Another important factor in theii we’re sure they’ll be good. Papen- guggggg ij^g been the punting of senguth told us this will be the most jgj. fuUback Earl Doloway, who spectacular perfoimance in the Hme and again has pushed the enFieldhouse since the last Aquacade, gmy deep into their territory with which was put on a little over a bis long spirals. Bob Cowan, sophoyear ago. more right halfback from Port In addition to working on their '\^ayne, has capably filled the shoes Aquacade, the team is getting ready gf Chuck Jacoby, ailing first stringfor the Big Nine meets, which be- gj. fgj. ^be major part of the seasongm m January. The varsity has Up in the foreward wall the Hoobeen working out for almost two g^rs boast an excellent pair of ends months now and they arfe beginning jg ^he two Greek, Ted Hasapes and to look like a leal Big Nine threat. Sophomore Pete Pihos. Jack TaVener at center will be a candidate Purdue, 6. for All-Conference honors at this
The remainder of the game saw position,
both teams engaged in a punting Coach Burnham of the Riveters duel and the final gun sounded as will be hoping for the return to acRocky Snyder received Berkley’s tion of all his cripples on the injury last-second pass on the Spartan 40 list. If Smock, Warren, Leugo afid yard line. (See BUCKET BATTLE, page 4)
Of course there are many places to take her fora good time! But why not bring her down to the PURDUE UNION BOWLING ALLEYS It’s fun! It’s interesting! It’s inexpensive! Come down anytime for a game!
JPuL fiWldjUSL
ThsmufdaL
lArdofL
Just take a walk through the building!p($0e 4
it
pp
pL.
P i!
im>m ft -r—^ '»'*f' —t ^ I.', ..J,.(5„:3,.,..f _, Purdue Exponent
Sundayy /November
Vi ^
■Si*
Plf^sliop lo. Present Saroyan's Play Sf«</ents w/io >4re
■A banily' ifeill FridaUalm^ atw CX
By Lidity
By BHl Tyson
Wiitten by-Saro>an is the ad jective which would sum up quite completely the play ‘Jim Dandy to be peifoimed by Playshop at 8 00 next Fiiday and Satuiday evenings ih Eliza Fowlei Hall to laise money for the Navy Relief Fund A congloraeiation of oidinaiy people, a i evolving dooi steps that lead non here, and a semi sti ip tease make up some of the oddities of the plaj'' Since its mam theme is to amuse and entertapi the audience there is no plot no paiticulai set ting although the one chosen is a public libiaij and no paititulai
chat actei s
the leid Jim Dandi played by Piof P E Lull caines the con tinuitV of the play since all the chaiacteis centei aiouiid his contact with them The chaiactci of the pessimist is taken bj Richaid Kohls and that of the optimist who keeps the play in a lightei sane is played b> Aithui Baiab Anothei novel featuie of the pio duction the joung fellon s\ith one foot in the giave which lit tames ai ound w heies ei he w alks is played byLaiit Myeis His son appealing latei in the plaj also with a foot in a giave is placed b\ Edwaid Clail and Laii\ Schaup who alternate foi the two nights The paits taken bg Geoige Zissis and John Claik will be plajed by Giant I leldon and 'Walt Neubauei 1 espettn elj The feminine ehai acteis aie placed b^ Betty Jane Mowl^ a local giil who is letuimng fiom Indiana Unneisity foi the oc ta«ion and Jtan Nig^ the pait oi the dantti Geoige Hudson will be Jim Glow Jini Dandy & seivant Tickets foi the peifoiinance aie fifty cents each and inaj be pui chased at the Fowlei Hall office Season tickets accompanied by 25 cents will also be accepted foi ul
mission
Daily Health Service Report
The Student Health Seivice le poits that eleven students have eii tered the hospitals lecently R C Maibhall entcied St Elizabeth for suigical tieatnient Annie Mul lei S N Steven« tV E I ).eingen B J Home T B Simon and C E Sow aids enteied St Elizabeth hos pital foi medical tieatment At the Home hospital loi medic il caie aie F J Baibian C R Au giistin and Lois Kiaiis Recently dischaigcd liom St Elizabeth hospital weip Gus Ha bich R C Marshal! ind H B New by N M Goldstein H D C Schef fei r J Baibian and P E de St Aubin weie discharged from the Home hospital Prof. Pfendler Announces Short Course Enrollments David C Pfendler assistant to the dean of agiicultuie announced that inquiiies throughout Indiana and in othei states indicate a 1101 mal cniollment in the annual eight weeks wintei couise to be given at the univeisities The eouise will eovei dail5 manufac tuies daii\ pioduetioii animal hus bandiv and genei il igiieultiiie Students inai enioll in any one of the four option Pfeni'lei added that the eouise i of peeial \alie now for nianj ^ oung men not ei lolled 111 the foui \ea eouise ind those facing mihtai\ seiMce will have an oppoituniti to bioaden then knowledge of j act eal lum tiaining Dick Jergens (Continued fio page 1) His eaieei was a ti s up bctweei football ind music He finalh e\ changed his football ii th it of m i sie and compensates foi this choice bj keeping in tiaininh along \ilh the othei members of fiis band dui ing time off peiiods Its this im piession of dinamie life shown ly Jeigcns and his band Ih it plcc es his fans Versatile Band Membeis Besides Jeigens own pi eialti numbeis on the tiumpet Ham Cool bantone will be featuied Othei jieeialities will be I d Kel ■-ei Duehlei tiumpet i laiei and Lew Mouse Quadlin; pianist Al most escij min of his \eisalile bind lb featuied liuiig i rcifum a nee It was his iccoid lieakug en gagement at 11 swank Pilima n Los Angeles Ih it bi mght him 1 une with his band I ing t! o cii is the best in ( alifoinia Othei i ng ige meptb i>oon followed aid he i stal lishpd himself i'- i faioiiti fiom coast to coast vei\ iieiiitlv e m pletllik a fne \iai eng igi nu nt if the Aiagon in ( Imago
Army*-Navy 'E' Awarded To Local, Pofens^ Plant At Lafayette Armory Unitt and oneno s of puipose of the Al my and N n y and of Amoi lean men and women working be hind the lines W is stressed in a shoit talk by Lt Com H M Halt commanding officer of the Naval Training School at the piescnta fion of the ‘E pjoduction award to the Ross (Jear & Tool Company in the Lafayette Armory Tuesday November 10 Lt Com Hart rejiiesenting the Naar presented rnclivrdual emhlenrs to each employee through A 'W LeibengUth chairman of the ein )ilo\ eos comirrittee C rptain E W Harrison of the Cirieinnati Old nance District representing the Army awarded the E’ pennant to Eugene Giuenewald president of the film The ceremony was attended by the icompany emploj ees and by of ficeis of the Army ordnance dc paitment and the Naval Training School The University band played patriotic numbeis and the Training School piovided a coloi guard of six Blueiackets accompanied by two of fieeis of the University ROTC Personnel Note^s Companies to visit c impus Carbide and Carbon Chemicals Coi p S Charleston W Va—No \ ember 16 and 17 Carter Oil Company Tuls i Okl i homa—November 17 Interested in engineer s and physicists Joint Recruiting Board—‘l.nny Nav5 Mai me Corps Coast Guard— Columbus Ohio—Nov 17 and 18 Carnegie Illinois Steel Corp Chi eago 111 —November 16 and 1'^ Gulf Research & Development Co Pittsburgh Pa—November 18 Merck &. Co Inc Rahway N I —November 18 Interested in ChE BS ME and Phcl chemist® Magnolia Petroleum Co Dallas Texas—November 20 Interested in BS MS and PhD Chemists Hollej Carburetor Co Detroit Miehigrn-—Novembei 25 Interest cd in ME Sign m Peisonnel Office
Naw Department Blaw Knox Co MutinsEeny Ohio—Inteiest ed m Naval Ordnance Mite i il Ii bpcctois Sign n Peisonnel Office b> Tuesday Novembei 17 I airchild Aviation Corp J im ii ea N Y —Inteiested in MF EE Sign 111 Personnel Office by Ties dai November 17 Pontiac Motor Division G IM C Pontiac Michigan—ME CE Sign in Peisonnel Office by Satindaj No V ember 21 \eroiica Vircraft Coi pwration Middletown Ohio—ME AF Sign nr Personnel Office Satuidry Novembei 21 L. C. Peterson of the el rss of 11 m the Foicbtij School visited the Unnei silj leeeiith md repoited that he inaj soon take a position with the State Foiestry Department
All students desiring to enlist m the Enlisted Reserve arc urged to put in then application as soon as possible Enlistments of all present semester freshmen sophomores juniors and seniors will close De ceinbci Jl and all first term fresh men must be enlisted before the close of then freshman year Ap plications should be made in loom B 1 of the Al 11101 y as soon as pos sible in Older to avoid the last min utc rush before the deadline btudents who have already made application and have not yet been enlisted should come to room B 4 of the Armory at then earliest con venience and complete their enlist ment Membeis of the Enlisted Re selves Corps are not subject to call through Selcctiee Service but are subject only to call by the Secic taiv of "VVai whenever the einei ^encies of war demand Enlisting officials state that it may be impossible to enlist every one before the December 31 dead line if they wait until the last niin utc before applying for admission Religious Emphasis (Continued from page 1) 'Week which was devoted to general sessions of interest to all groups regardless of faith or creed Smaller „ioup,,^nieetings at which students discussed topics of leligion with nnnisteis of each other were held evei V erening from 1 to 6 An extra unscheduled event was the appealance on Tuesday of Bishop Titus I o\ e Bishop of the Indiana Aiea of the Methodi t Church as speal ti bcfoie the Gieil Mens Banquet foi fiateinily offi eeis and men Bucket Battle (Continued fiom p ige J) Hajzyk are leicly to go ch u ees +01 an upset victoiy will be giertly enhanced Seniors Last Game Since the final g ime with C imp Shelby has definitely been erncelled the Buel et tilt will marl the se i sons end for the Boileimaleis Thuteen seniois will play then fin il tilt to the Old Gold ind Plrel Ihey aie Biuce Wuiei Eone^t MeCrftiy Bill Powers Wilt Cool Li'Veine King 'Wilhim Buffin,^fon ‘Vn cent Snyclei Tony Beito I well 0 Bryan Eied Sineike Ei ml Rug gicii Alex Leugo ind Bill Shiinci 'With futiue events unfoietold it till ®eems evident th it this tilt in ly well be the last foi ill the membeis of both squads ui til the picsent nr tional emeigeney his ended Stii dents 1 leulty ind townspeople lie nigecl to pi in to attend wliat nr ij piove to bo then list chrnee to see college teams in action A. W. Thomas sales m inagei of construe tion niaehineiv division ot Chain Belt company has left for W ish ington D C wheie he will be a dollri a rear mm as consultmt foi the construction inaehineij di risioi ot the w ii pioduction board Thomas s r CE „i idiiate o1 the Univci srtj
Seiy Nm for Christmas LINGERIE CR 69c yard
Fine quality crepes soft to the touch, tested for washability, color fastness In plain pastel shades, small prints, dark colors Exactly right for gift lingerie Butterick Pilttern 2253 Quirk and Easy des gn for a pretty gathered mghtie Butterick 2298 Qu ck and Easy des gn for a useful and da nty make up cape Short or long plo n or fgured
Butterick Patterr^ 2253 —25c
Navy Will Graduate Third Class Of EMBC's Graduation ceremonies foi the third class of trainees to earn then ratings as thud class petty officers m the electrical division of the Naval liaming School will be held m the Hall of Music Wednesday Novembei 18 Approximately 175 will he awaul ed the EM Je rating® mil ceitifi cates to show completion of studies will be awuded by 11 Commmdei H M Hart Following an established euoto n the exercises will be pi cceded by i banquet in the Union A A Potter dean of the school of engineeiing and R B Stewart controller will address the class Company Com mandei H L Tourney will a\/aid special honors to tio oulstmding men
Piicduc Enpinetr Imp rtanl mudtnifc^of II i.enim and j inior start mumbelB Titesflay Nov 17 at JO p m m the Qftioa +
4 —YOUNOBfiaiOJ)
All Students aiicre alt still Sfenltf iSki* V y D rtet lies left As lonpr' as the Glpu 1 V last inv stude t who has not already bt (d i (■ 1 V my eti one by oalllnc nt th< Kceistrnrs Hifcc and Kresetitini# Ws
~ - ir n a t/^XTc*
RAIIIIB SI ONE Registrar
Notices
“I ]ust know Junioi will make a wonderful bombardier' Eemember how butter fingeied he was around the house‘s”
University Club Will Hold Independent Coeds
Bridge Coniest Tomorrow
AH ROTC Students Nc rci^ 1 ition con cernii k Make \ foi absence f om Mih tary class si j o tod on Aimo y B llct n Board AU ROIC b d bo H i a I lb rcRulation Turino: their next ho i i the Armory —GFAHAM VoUcybail Callout Mon lav Nov IG at 1 1 m Cone dicbsel t } lay y
—CAMPBELL
Navy V 7 J mors and seniors \vl o are Tsscmblint, pui rs sui porting thti icquest foi ei li tment n V 7 wl o r un 1 r 21 y arb of m t bmit thr c c j cb f 111 ut consent i lop ily i tirucl Co) c of th b form (Na y 100) n > Ic obtained t my office —KNAPP
Tn» Beta Pi Important; meiftm)! for the (Icctun f numbeis Ihnrsdsy Kov IPt ftt 7 30 p n 1 Fast IncUltv Lounge a compulb ly me tinjs and fines wHl be Icvic I Coi un xcisctl absences —YOUNQBI^bOD I uthcrad Students Moc.t jn At h nt aiioe f tl t Ilinoh SundaSf ovo i f ir 11 m th c we will po a 1 0 ! I tl R 1 uu LmphuG h ( rtV in 1 ovl i H n —WALLAOU Si;,ma Della Chi Peldgcs Please pi tl 4i i f t me n oi befoic Tuosdav Nov 23 It will be impobsibic to initiate any te ilil he has paim —HADI EV Sirma Delta Clii InitiufciOn and bahquet I Uv N V 23 n Union Room and exact I e ill be nnounced later —ARMOTROWG I reshman Women Thoi v/ill be an im ) rtat t m In), f freshman a\omcn pJai;i to IT J i m r in phyalpal erhicii 1 Mo 1 y Nov lb at 4 p m in room 01 of tie Womei b Gym ^Bi^yN Union Sophomores Nbw c0mro*tto1i as ^nments arc posted in the Ofificd-^moet ng at 4 Id p m —KA'^^’TERJ'OHN Kappa Psi Meeting of all membbra Tues I V night room 302 of the UnioA at 7 30 I m —SANDDKBUN rralerniiy Presidents Turn iil Trtonby fOr comm nity fund immediately •—RIDER Acr modelers Indooi contest Will be theld Sui di y in the Fieldhouse Be there at lO
m
Classified Ads
Accor chug to a corrijilete jmo gram announcement b^ Chairman M Keller mathematics staff monrbci the first of a sciics of six contest meetings foi contiact budge group ot the Unneisitj Club w 11 bo held in the f iculty lounge of the Union tomoiiow eeening at 7 00 p nr This hist eo test is in d icct ch 11 ge of BIi in I Mrs A M Piunson Six lounds of budge will be plajed at each of the meetings with a time limit of 10 minutes to a ound and prizes \7ill be awiidcd ti the high man and woman it each CO npetition K e 11 c i rni ounced howevei that prizes may be pic sented to a f unily during the six oxenings of bridge Season prizes \v 11 1 e aw adt 1 1 siieeiil meet nm and in oidt to It eligible f n this iwiid i peison ni t pi i> at leislfoLi timts th oi hoi t the eon
test
In i i lit on to the eoi test meet mgs bii ige parties io IheUnnii sitv Club IS i whole ae scheduled m Januaiv 18 ud Aj iil o of next
jell
riit special contest i ght wit se ison prizes W'lll be luesented is scl cdiiled loi May U with Mi ind Mrs r C Gijloid in chrige Hockema Addresses Parents^ Association Prof 1 C Hoel tma assist int to the presulent ind Dr Robcit Phil lips of tl t histoij ecoi oinics ind cvcinment depaitinenl with Paul Poystci of I ifiyettc j resident of the Purdue Paient Association weie in Chicaj.o Satin d v even n fhtj addle sed he rnnuil till d n nci meeting ot the Pin due Paients Associ it on there
Exponent Scniorb 11 o e I ng 11 I shot 11 sen GJEMRL Gimlet Club 111! h arr v I n I niilelta Ifm l>emutllc PI Pb ho be t ny lim —1 RASLR
Mass meeting oi all independent coeds planned for 7 30 Tuesday eetnin^ in the Union is announced by the President of the Independent Houses Association The purpose oi the pio^iam is to consider war time letivities and responsibilities The inoclii g w ill be held in the Union Professor Helen Hrzclton head of w omen s physical education de p 11 tment and diiectoi of physical fitness piogi ini for women in the otitc ot Indian! and Di Bertha Ro e ot the Student Health Service w 11 tall on th'' „enci il topic The I unction il Phjsical Eitness Pro giam IS it Relates to Univcisity 'Wonic in the Present National L ncii Cl c\ An infoi mal t ilk will be given ly Mis Melvin T nil e director of lecuition it the local USO centei 1 the evening Her subject will be The Put lint Campus 'V\''omen Cm Ell in tic Rccicatioi il Pro rm tl 1 Seiv ice Men I he IiK-iliy meeting will bung ih nkpcnleit coeds togcthei in a 1 le louj for tlie first tune in the Univer ity s history All mile ]ie 1 lent coe I iii Lif>ecl to ittend
I raUrnity Rush Chairmei 1 V 1 n H V V m 1 Kdg d u t 1 d m t
y II 11 not be
WILCOX
Money to loan on diamontlB watclies guna luctage typewriters Albert s Loan Office
407 Columbia
Typewriters—Adding Macnines all makes sold rented repaircl ind riurchaeed Mimeograi h work done C J Ebcr&hoff 605 Main Lafayc'tte Phone 2778 ( rners Wanted—Ai i Iv 11 Exponent Ot I c or 11 one JO S A I tor Klouman I si—Ur n I Ilf 1 1 c mpU8 Saturday I lit K V rd I hone 56312 John Aim
All W men Swinimors U t
All I r t I V II I Id 1
1 II t
1 y t 4 J tl AW 1 Jl Is to JOilNSON
St—SI 1 I I ( 1 J
Pieaao return
All Mnle L li t 1 K n D n 1
Sti It N
C 11
1 I 1
t 1
III I 1 tl b m
1 I V 1 I ' 1 A n CUAIIA t
Sept Oct f ode ( r >i p 0 II I o t It n > 1 It 1 US] R m tl Ar n V I y tl 8 till U S I t 111 0 b Cl C 0 I U u 1 I d t <1 ] m ei i It JILSIJ I HI R(
Skull a d t rc ce t 1 Urn I t I Li J lo
YOUNG LADY for full lime or minimum half time assistant bookkeep mg position Apply South worth s mornings
veek Mol o lay or Tl ursd v igl t
DOES YOUH PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
T" If You Want Good Work On Your Garments SEE JOE'S TAILOR SHOP STATE & CHAUNCEY
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
tbt WELL-GlillOIIED look
IS the short
cut lo
Personal Victories
Il you waul lo dale ’em and da/zle ’em, sfNid your elolhes lo us. We’ll turn you oul as sliek-iookmj^ as a (o])-Sgl.— and woii’l Mallop youi budget domg il, eidiej. B" ll<‘r give us a call—non ! — WLAR (LEAN (LOUIES —
Northwestern and Vine Sts.
Phone 4081
Betty Grable and ( irintn Mirinda pi ore anew thit romance and ihythm know no n ilional boiindnus Ihe scnoiitas are btaired with John Pnne Ctbu Ronuio uul IIiiij James ind His Mubic Makers in 20th Centuij 1 ox s nitiiv mtlodious Itthmcolor mtisieal Springtime in the Rockies opcnin,, Siluidn il (lu Tins Ilicatrc top featured cast ffcutd foi llughs is luaded in ChuloUt Gitcnwood and Edward Tverett Hoi ton
CO SI VRRl 1) in I’ai imoiiiii x hiliiioiis loniinet lire Major and the Minoi which is now pliving i( flit I ilijiftt Iheilie Gingei Rogers ind Ri\ Mill ind (op iin thing tifiui his tvci done bcloii in tilt title loles I ht sloij tells ol (iingti inipttson ition ol i twthe ycai old so she t 111 ) tl i hill i uc luktf lioni New T oi k (o lu i hoint in Iowa Eii loulc she niects the M ijoi and the complicafioiib th it develop tlreie from ait iniong the (uimrtsf tvti stietiud Ofhtis in the pieture ait Rif i lolinson l{ob( 11 Liiulilcv Diini 1 \nn iiid s inofliti Itla Rogti s
< 3