The Week's NEWS
NATIONAL Operate! . . . . . . voted the jury of 10 noted medical specialist3 called on Monday to decide the fate of Chicago Baby Helaine Judith Colan. So operate they did, removing her cancer infected eye in a 13*minute operation. i " Balancing sure, but lingering death against 50-50 chances for life, the specialists deliberated over an hour before they unanimously decreed life—and the knife. Glioma, a malignant cancer gi owth, has already gotten a start in the remaining right eye. If Xray treatments cannot stop its spread, that orb, too, must be removed. Meanwhile the six-weeks-old child is in good shape, having lest only half a teaspoonful of blood during the operation Tuesday. Pimlico Race Fans . . . ,. . . yesterday saw favorite Dauber win the classic Baltimore Preakness. With the Derby winner, Lawrin, ineligible, Derby _ runner-up took the race paying off at odds of 8 to 5. Second, third and fourth were Cravat, Menow, and Can’t Wait. Menow and Can’t Wait were also •in the first four Derby winners. The Preakness field yesterday included only nine horses. For “Hexing” . . . . eight Rochester people, Algonquian Squaw Mrs. Irene Ray has been exiled from that Indiana town. Wife of a white WPA worker and farmer, this 60-year-old Indian woman achieved the reputation for witchery, was blamed for the ill health of the eight complainers.
o the Purdue Exponent
V •
WASHINGTON
Returning...
to Capitol Hill from an eight,day fishing vacation in the West Indies, President Roosevelt found his New Deal forces strengthened by recent political developments (election of New Deal Senator Pepper of Florida), but shaken by continued unemployment and
financial difficulties. Representatives . . .
settled down to serious business Thursday and, after more than nine hours of heated discussion, passed the President’s $3,1^164,000,000 relief bill at 8 p. m. The measure carries provisions for $100,000,000 more than the original draft. The added sum is to come from another portion of the general $6,041,425,000 pump-prim-ing program. An amendment from I the floor authorized the Reconjjstruction Finance Corporation to lend this $100,000,000 to the Rural Electrification Administration.
(Continued on page 4)
Albert R. Ross '97, Former Lafayette Mayor Found Dead Former Lafayette Mayor Albert R. Ross, Sc. ’97, prominent dentist and Masonic leader, was found dead yesterday morning in his home at 1524 Alabama avenue. Ross had evidently died from a heart attack as he was preparing to retire Friday night. Born in Lafayette in 1876, Ross attended the University, receiving his B. S. degree in 1897 and his master’s degree in 1898. In 1925 he was elected mayor of Lafayette serving in this office for four years. Funeral services will be held Tuesday afternoon at 2:30 p. m. Senate To Sponsor Discussion Dinner Informality will be the dominating trend at the Student Senate banquet to be held in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building, tomorrow at 6 p. m. Students and faculty will sit shoulder to shoulder daring the banquet, so that Senate members may discuss problems and become better acquainted with those of the faculty that are to attend. University problems will be discussed in an informal manner by President Elliott, Prof. Charlie Murphy, Dean Fisher, Prof. G. A. Young, Prof. C. J. Klemme, and other prominent members of the faculty. After Dan Rohyans, retiring Student Senate President, has installed C. G. Elliott in the office of President, other new officers will be given their official positions.
Student Union Board Elects Thirteen Vice Presidents From Sophomores
New Vice-Presidents Express Appreciation On Learning Returns
“The boys that got in really deserved it,” said one of the defeated candidates for Union vicepresidency last night. “We’re mighty glad'they were chosen.”-— this from the losing side, so we turned to see what the more fortunate ones had to say. Vincent Hruby answered our questions with, “I’m sorry everybody couldn’t get in, but I’m glad I did.” Then as an afterthought, he added, “I did it all for mother.” Donald Brubeck was quoted, “We are out for a bigger and bet ter Union. We’re happy about the whole thing, and glad we got in.” Robert Kany .said, “I am mighty pioud to have been elected to a Union vice-presidency. The announcement came as a surprise to me.” ' Lew Morrison answered with, “The fellows who didn’t win might have been more deserving—but we’re happier. I thought I was happy when Shortridge beat Tech, but this is my happiest moment.” Mary McClelland said, “I don’t know what to say. I’m awfully happy, but beginning to get cold feet. The interviews were fun.” Louise Schickler said, “It’s too soon afterward to say anything, I liked the Union best of all the activities I participated in during my freshman year.”
Japan’s Wesley Leader Addresses Foundation In Conference Today
Thoburn T. Brumbaugh, director of the Wesley Foundation in Japan, will speak at the First M. E. church of West Lafayette at 10:40 this morning on the subject “Christendom, Jesus, and the Far East.” This evening at 6:30 in the Foundation House, he will show colored slides of Japan’s Wesley College in Tokyo. Brumbaugh is here in niOnnection with the regional Wesley Foundation Conference, which is being held this week-end and is made up of Wesley students from 10 colleges and universities in Illinois, Minnesota, Iowa, and Indiana, ahd Wisconsin, 134 delegates registered. Yesterday luncheon for Wesley players with Jean Wilson
as toastmistress was held at the Foundation. Harold Ehrensterter, national director of the Wesley players, gave a short talk" on the “Aim of Wesley Players.” Last night. Dean of Men, M. L. Fisher, spoke on “The Value of the Wesley Foundation.” Morning watch will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall today at 7:30. Roy Hendricks who will lead the watch is assistant pastor at Illinois University. At 9 a. m. Tom IPendell, president of the National Council of Methodist Youth, will speak at the church on “Aims of the Methodist Youth Move.” The films by Brumbaugh will conclude the conference.
Blakely Praises Cooperation Of Entire Campus “I never really intend to leave the University,” said Colonel C. S. Blakely in an interview yesterday. “I shall keep running back all the time. I think Pardue is the greatest institution in the country.” Upon retiring in June as a brigadier-general, the rank he held during the World War, Colonel Blakely will take a position with the Ewald Iron Company of Louisville, Ky. “If I were to tell of all the cooperation I have received from President Elliott, the faculty, and the corps, it would make a book” continued the Colonel. Asked , about the inspection last Thursday, Colonel Blakely replied that it was a “grand inspection,” and that he could find no fault with the corps in any way. Wolfe To Discuss Writinci And Living “Writing and Living,” a descriptive talk tracing the relationship of the writer to the world around him, will be given by Thomas Wolfe, when he speaks before the annual literary banquet- on Thursday evening at 6:30 in the Union ballroom. Author of “Time and the River” Wolfe will discuss the stages of his own development as typical experiences of many young writers. Bor’n in 1900 in Asheville, N. C., he entered the University of North Carolina in 1916. For his lecture Thursday, Wolfe will draw material from his book, “The Story of a Novel,” which is a summary of his -writing experiences. He will tell how, as a student he wanted to express his vision of life and the world in the terms of his own youth and personality.
The Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair and warmer except in the extreme southwest portion today. Increasing cloudiness and somewhat waimer tomorrow. Yesterday’s Temperature: High 56; low, 47; mean, 61.5. '
Seled Four Co-eds, Nine Eds To Head Committees During 1938-39 Session Student Union Board yesterday afternoon selected the following sophomores to fill the positions of vice-presidents on the Union Board for the year 1938-39: Thais Crepps, Sc., Chi Omega. Mary McClelland, H. Ec., Kappa Alpha Theta. Louise Schickler, ME, Independent. Margaret Stocker, H. Ec., Kappa Alpha Theta. Hruby, Vincent, Ag., Cary Club. Richardson, John, ChE., Phi Kappa Psi. Brubeck, David, CE, Phi Gamma Delta. Kany, Robert, CE, Phi Gamma Delta. Ashton, James, ME, Pi Kappa Alpha. Cooper, Paul, ME, Kappa Sigma. DeMars, Richard, ME, Phi Kappa Psi. Morrison, Lewis, Sc., Phi Gamma Delta. Williamson, James, Ag., Alpha Gamma Rho. High Scholastic Index These four girls and nine men have an average scholastic index of 4.29. They were chosen from a group of 30 aspirants for the positions, 11 girls and 19 fellows. Starting the electoral ball rolling at 1 o’clock yesterday afternoon, the entire Union Board—juniors, seniors. Memorial Union Manager L. M. Vallely, and President E. C. Elliott—conducted five-minute interviews with the prospective candidates. Bringing interviews to a close at 4 p. m., the board went into a two hour session to discuss the various aspirants and their qualifications. At 6:45 the final appointments were released. Choices were based mainly on previous work and capability. Grades counted v(iry little as practically all candidates possessed high scholastic standings. Elections Close “It was hard to make the choices,” said Student Union Activities Chairman Ward Stallings last night. “Elections were very close as we had a fine field of candidates to choose from.” The new vice-presidents will as(Continued on page 2)‘ROCK’ IT FOR ME . . . . . . seems to be the theme song around heie these days. We hear that Betty Ann. Stewart took a diamond ring the night before last. WHAT’S THE MATTER . . . . . . Betty Ann, don’t you believe in the “fi’ateimty pin” tradition. Incidentally where is this djamond
WE WOULD LIKE . . . .... to know why WBAA doesn’t officially announce the Saturday afternoon amateur hour. We do not profess to know anything on music, but they were off tempo, oil’ key, and, last but not least, they were OFF TH’ BALL. lU PROM QUEEN . . . . . . Janet Prinz had two dates last night at the same time—one a fieshman and the other a junior. Jack Watson was the junior and we believe that he be the lucky boy. Seniority oi something to that respect. DOESN’T IT MAKE . . . . . . you co-eds mad to see a total stiangei late like that? HERE IT IS . . . . . . spiing again and the Beta’s grass is still blown.
Riding Club To Present 'Gymkhana'At 2 Today
“Gymkhana,” an exhibition and demonstiatieii of equestrian skill, will be piesented by membeis of the Purdue Riding Club this afteinoon at 2 p. m. on Stuart Field, 'riio show will feature a jumping exhibition by Max Bonham, Sci.
’4i, riding Summit View.
Included on the program will be demonstrations of trick riding, several novelty races, and a judging of the riders’ ability to handle tlieir mounts. The events will be announced from a sound truck and band music will accompany the piogram which will last two hours. In case of rain, the Gymkhana
will be held in the Fieldhouse.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT Prof. Murphy To Speak At WSGA Mass Meeting Professor Charles B. Murphy of' the history department will speak on current events at the last WSGA mass meeting to be held on Tuesday, May 24, at 4 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Union. Professot Murphy will talk aftet a presentation of the newly
elected officers.
TYPEWRITERS— Adding machines, sold, rented, purchased, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St.
FOR SALE—^Flower shop, two greenhouses, with duplex adjoining, five-car garage; esablished 22 years; located in central Indiana. Excellent bargain for $3,000 cash, remainder in payments. Address replies to P.O. Box 225, Lafayette, Indiana.
STUDENT BUNDLES — And family washing done and flatwork ironed 6 cents a lb. Finished family wash 12 cents a lb. Shern Laundry. Call 75402.
Forestry Club: Will the following men please report Tuesday, May 17, at 4 p. m. in the Horticultuie Building. Madden, Kelsey, Stiver, Winger, Clark, Hesterburg. Winter, Glasgow, Steele, Van Camp, Blackwell, Haynes, Reeves, Sinninger, Williamson, and Randel. —NICHOLS, BLINE
Gimlet: Dinner meeting at Delta Upsilon house Wednesday, May 18 at 6:16 p m. Election of officers will be held. —BROWN.
Scabbard and Blade: Impoi tant meeting at 4 p. m. Tuesday, May 17, in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building Officers will be elected —BAALS
Reamer Club: Meeting Monday, May 16 at 8 p. m. in the Union Building —JACKS.
P Men’s Meeting: Tuesday, May 17, at 7 :30 p. m in the reception room of the Union. —ANDERSON.
SPRING AT PURDUE . . . Here at Purdue Spring’s overdue. It lain and rains and rams. The wind blew And the dust flew Da-dadadada. COMPOSE A L\ST . . . . . . line to this ditty. Toai olT the top of HEAVILON HALL TOWER and send it in to the Exponent office and receive tickets for a sightseers tear through tranquil Spain.
Wet Grounds... . . . prevailing at Bloomington yesterday caused postponement of the second Purdue-Indiana baseball game. The game has been moved up to May 28 at which time the schools will meet in a double header. Distribution... . . . of the 1938 Debris will begin tomorrow afternoon from 4 to 6 p. m. at the Debris office in the Union Building. “Only 300 copies will be leady for distribution tomorrow,” Business Manager Art Siebenthal stated last night. The remaining copies will be distributed as soon as they are received from the binders, after 4 p. m. all this week. Passports or receipts must be presented in order to obtain a copy of the Debris.
PRINTED STATIONERY §icdlQmn4f, StcM
100 SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES $1.00
INCLUDING PRINTING
MAY ONLY
The favorite stationery of Actors, Actresses, Producers, Writers and Social Leaders . a crafty, "handmade" deckled paper in Film Grey, Camera Blue or Studio Brown. And Note the Quality . lOO Deckled sheets and 100 Deckled Envelopes for onjy $1 . . . including Name and Address on Sheets and Envelopes . . . Red, Blue, Black or Brown Ink. HAYWOOD'S ''Everything For The Office" ^ Fifth & Ferry Sts., Lafayette, Ind. PHONE 4085
Student Union Selects--
(Continued from page^l)
sume duties after Tuesday, but they will not be officially installed
in office until Memorial Day.
Positions of Student Union President, Executive, Activities Chairman, and Co-ed Executive will be filled by a similar election Tuesday. The acting electoral board will consist of four Union seniors, Manager Vallely, and President Elliott. These four offi-
Sunday, May 15, 1938 cers will be chosen from thisf year’s 13 vice-presidents. Banquet “The Union board is very grateful for the work during the past! year of those students who did | not receive jobs,” Executive Louis Putze said last night. “And to show our appreciation we are in-, viting all petitioning sophomores to a banquet in the faculty lounge of the Union.” “At this banquet each sopho-, more worker who turned in a petition will be given a silver Union Key—an exact replica of the gold | key worn by seniors” Putze addedj
Young Abe Lincoln Never Missed An OppDJdtunihj! If you are not using your UNION BUILDING Yon are missing an opportunity. Make it a point to walk to the Union at least once a day.
JhsL fiwtdusL TnsmuftkdL lAjnimL Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of ActivitiesTHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Track Team Outscores Marquette, 72-58
Frosh To Complete Golf Tryouts Today Due to the heavy rain 'which fell jesterday the 13 contestants in the freshman varsity golf tryouts did not play as scheduled, but will complete their tryouts today, if the weather peimits E E Butler, R A H offer, W F Hartnett, A E Smith, D S Campbell, A E Evers, R Gunn, R C Jones, T 0 Mai shall, R M Kolb, J S Green, F T Sargison, and L G Leffoige are the men who suivived the hist 36 hole tournament last week
Iran STARTS TODAY Double Feature
SMILE, FOLKS, SMILE! Heres the Dixie of your dreams' Romance set to the music of the world s best loved songs' Swinging along to the tune of laughs and thrills'
y¥|| A MONOGRAM PICTURE with EVELYN VENABLE GIRANT RiCHAUDS CLARA BLANDiCK BERNADENE HAYES
PLUS— • A throbbing drama that lives today’s headlines Revolution flares when a king loses his heart' “GLAMOROUS NIGHT” with Mary Ells Otto Krueger Victor Jory Barry Mackay
Intramurals
CLASS ‘B’ DOUBLES TENNIS Tomorrow—4 15 Phi Kappa Tau vg Pi Kappa Phi Beta Theta Pi vs (SPE or Phi Delta Theta) Delta Upsilon vs Phi Pi Phi ALL-CAMPUS TENNIS Tomorrow—4 15 G R Prye vs Schrader D P Morse vs C K More G J Prey vs G T Miller WARD TENNIS Tomorrow—4 15 N L Dariow vs R Reed K E Blessing vs P Silva E Short vs J Lownie L K Swing vs J R Johnson J P McGrath vs V L Stine Billings vs J Benduer D C Meyer vs W T Brookman BASEBALL FINALS —Tomorrow— Diamond 3— Winner (Acacia vs Beta Theta Pi) vs Winner (Phi Kappa vs Sigma A1 pha Epsilon) 4— Winner (Delta Upsilon vs Alpha Gam ma Rho) vs Alpha Kappa Cambda 0—Ward 13 vs Cary Hall 6 b—Loser (Acacia vs Beta Theta Pi) vs Loser (Phi Kappa vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon )
Boilermakers Win Year's Only Home Meet; Sweep Both Hurdles Events In a track meet run off in a sea of mud and water yesterday afternoon, the Boilermakers defeated Marquette 72-58 in the only home meet of the season. In the field events the Hilltoppers took the lead 30-23, but six first places m nine track events, gave the Boilermakers a 14 point margin of victory
ARC
SUNDAY — MONDAY
Buike, stai Marquette high jumpei, who once made 6 feet 9 3 4 inches, won the event with a mere 5 feet 5 inches Lemen and Witt ploughed their way to a height two inches short of Burke’s leap The 100 yard dash was won in 10 4 In both hurdles events Gutting, Lemen and Shidelei fin ished in that order to give Purdue 18 points which more than offset the lack of stiength in the field e\ents Marquette Takes Relay Marquette won the mile relay aftei the Boilei makers held an edge light up to the finish when Can,I of Maiquette, stepped out ahead of Fifield and ciossed the tape a few inches ahead Simmons, luthei, Shackleton, and Fifield lan the relay foi the Boilermakeis Bodeau, taking the half mile and the mile, and Gutting, were the only men to win two events Lemen, Knapp, and DeLong each lUc^de eight points, Murphy six, and Cuiian’s first in the javelin gave him five points Times and distances made in the meet weie all affected by the muddy giound, the lain, and a stiong noith wind This was the hist outdooi tiack victory of the season for the Boilermakers, who •will travel to Columbus, 0 , next
THE 116 APPLE OF MUSICAL SHOWS!
Shaagin’. aogain cellsaiaU
GEORGE Bums and ORACIE ALLEN j^NIARTHARAYE BOB HOPE ^ Betty Grable Jackie Coogan t r Vt Edward Everett Horton Sen Blue
Now Showing
1
Saturday for the outdoor conference meet Summary Pole Vault—Won by Stolberg (M), Horton (P) second Only two men to qualify) Height, 10 feet 6 inches Shot Put—Won by Haitig (M), Murphy (P) second, Vergane (P) thud Distance, 43 feet 7% inches High Jump—Won by Burke of (M), Lemen and Witt (P) tied for second Height 5 feet 5 inches Javelin—Won by Cmran (P), Murphy (P) second, Hartig (M) thud Distance, 165 feet 8% m Discus—Won by Dye (M), Hai tig (M) second, Willey (P) third Distance 131 feet, 11 inches Bioad Jump—Won by Shuiilla (M), Wadleigh (P) second. Beau dry (M) thud Distance 21 feet 8 inches Mile Run—-Won by Bodeau (P), Knapp (P) second, Papuga (M) third Time, 4 35 2 440 Yard Run—Won by Can (M), Luthei (P) second, Simmons (F) third Time, 51 1 100 Yard Dash—Won by Black (M), DeLong (P) second, Kinert (M) third Time 10 4 120 Yaid High Hui dies—Won bv Gutting (P), Lemen (P) second, Shidelei (P) thud Time,
16 0
Six Men Sign Up For Annual River Swim Six men have signed up for the sixteenth annual river swim which will be held May 23 H R Krick, C S Arnold, T Havei, L Hiniichs, P R Holden, and J Mazur aie the students who have placed their names on the list in the inti amuial office J Mazur is the only one of the gioup who finished in the first five in last yeai’s race With the swim only eight days avay, the mtiamural department uiges all inteiested to sign up as soon as possible and get in condition foi the two and one half
mile swim
League Results National League Biooklyn, 10, Boston, 2 St Louis, 7, Cincinnati, 6
(10 innings)
American League Boston, 10, Washington, 11
(11 innings)
880 Yard Run—Won by Bodeau (P), Hohlei (M) second, Gaulke (P) thud Time, 2 02 8 220 Yaid Dash—Won by DeLong (P), Black (M) second, Kinert (M) thud Time, 24 4 Two Mile Run—Won by Knapp (P), Piuski (M) second, Papuga (M) third Tune, 10 14 0 220 Yaid Low Hurdles—Won by Gutting (P), Lemen (P) second, Shidelei (P) third Time, 27 8 Mile Relay—Won by Maiquette (Butler, McCahill, Beaudiy, and Cair ) Time, 3 34 3
To toueh tiie Heart of the World ».. with thrills, tears and laughter
Selznkk International presents
IHE
Adventures of ilbM Sawyer
with Tommmy Kelley EXTRA POPEYE CARTOON STARTS TODAY LIMATHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, May 15, 1938
/
The Week's NEWS
(Continued from page 1) Despite repeated Republican attempts to earmark funds, rural electrification is the only specified expenditure. Proposed amendments to turn relief over to the states were defeated. This relief appropriation is calculated to provide jobs for 4,135,000. A New Tax Bill . . . . . . expected to yield $5,000,000,000 annually, received Congressional approval this week. The revenue measure calls for re-en-actment of much existing law, but reduces the highly criticised undistributed profits tax to a tatlered remnant. Resignation . . . . . . was the talk in Washington Friday. Secretary of Commerce Daniel C. Roper wrote a letter of resignation to the President . . . then changed it to a threatened resignation. Roper discovei ed a proposal to shift the Bureau of Foreign and Domestic Commerce from his department to the Department of State . . . and didn’t like it. The plan has gone far enough to be drawn up in the form of a draft and, supposedly, was submitted to the President. Roper insists that if such a bill is passed, he will quit as Secietary of Commerce. Secret Service Men . . . . . . cracked a fantastic plot to kidnap the President Tuesday. A poultry dealer tipped off agents to a plan for holding Roosevelt for ransom aboard a boat out in the Potomac. Alleged “plotter” Chalmers W. Kennedy, was arrested pending investigation.
BUSINESS Henry Ford . .. . . . announced Friday he was absolutely opposed to giving his workers an annual guaranteed wage. Most laborers also object to the idea because it robs them of their maximum earning power —according to Ford. Engineering... . . . construction awards this week lose sharply above those of the preceding week, and of the period, to the fourth highest level of the year. That was Thursday’s report of Engineering News-Rec-ord, which says the principal factor in the upturn is the marked increase in public building—^now in its greatest boom since January, 1936. Winter Wheat . . . . . . will yield the second largest harvest on record this summer, reports the Department of Agriculture. May 1 conditions point to a crop of 754,000,000 bushels for the nation. “Present surplus soil moisture conditions are favorable,” reads
the DA’s statement, “but extensive measurements indicate lack of subsoil moisture over a considGiable portion of the Western great plains area and emphasize the dependence of the crop there upon favorable weather conditions during the next 30 days.” Railroads . . . . . . of the United States notified their 10,000,000 workers Thursday that they would reduce basic wages 15 per cent July 1. A long fight is foreseen, as George M. Harrison, president of the Railv/ay Labor Executive Committee, asserts labor will refuse to accept any wage cuts. Federal Licensing . . . ... of corporations was advocated to Congress Wednesday by the Securities Exchange Commission as a means for attacking abuses in voluntary corporate reorganization and readjustment. The commission includes this suggestion in its seventh and eighth reports on protective and leorganization committees. “Business Has Run . . . . . . away with the ball,” said the Piesident Fnday in a press inteiview. He used the athletic term to explain that business methods today may be blamed for many existing economic troubles. He denied that the piesent depression has shown his first spending program a failure. Main pioblem in eliminating depiessions, observed the President, IS the prevention of hi^h inventories and huge price increases.
FOREIGN,
Mexico . . .
. . . suspended diplomatic relations with Great Britain yesterday. President Lazaro Cardenas recalled his London minister, Primo Villa Michel, after England demanded annual payments of $85,000 from Mexico for recently seizing British oil fields in Mexico. England also demanded immediate payment of British losses in Mexico City during the 1910 and 1920 revolutions. Washington issued no statements concerning the diplomatic break. Observers in the Nation’s capitol feel the situation places the United States in an embarrassing position because our foreign policy in the Western Hemisphere prohibits interference in the Americas by an outside power. Mexico seized American-owned oil fields at the same time she expatriated the British fields. Haile Selassie . . . . . . collapsed in his seat Thursday at the League of Nations meeting in Geneva when the League’s Council authorized nations to decide for themselves whether or not to recognize Italy’s conquest of Ethiopia. Secretary of State Cordell Hull says the United States lias no intention of recognizing Italy’s African conquest.
Chile . . .
. . . withdrew from the League of Nations yesterday when the c cll of the League declined tc form tjhe League’s covenant.' Revolver . . .
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
ARE YOUR LIGHT
Symmer Garments Ready for wearing when the warm days come? Remember, we are prepared to renew them either by laundering or dry cleaning and give you the very best of service. We also do hat cleaning and shoe repairing — CALL 3085 — AMERICAN LAUNDRY
tulio Vargas, helped smash a Fascist uprising which threatened to overthrow his government Wednesday. Downtown Rio de Janeiro was machine gunned and bombed during the 12-hour battle. Twelve were killed, 22 injured. President Vargas charged the Fascist Green Shirts had received foreign aid in their revolt. German Davis Cup . .. . . . hopes suffered a setback this week when Baron Gottfried von Cramm, world’s second ranking amateur tennis player and Germany’s greatest court star, was sentenced to one year imprisonment. Von Cramm was charged with immorality.
WAR Japanese.. . . . . mobile forces succeeded yesterday in their months-old enterprise of cutting off and trapping 400,000 Chinese soldiers operating along the Lunghai railroad in Central China. Two hundred planes machine-gunned and bombed Suchow, vital rail junction, paving the way for mechanized cavalry to blow up a bridge east of the city. While fighting along the Lunghai railroad was at its hottest, the Japanese battleships landed their troops at the mouth of the Min
river for a push on the Canton Hankow railway. Foochow, Fukien province coast city, was subjected to bombardment by 70 Nipponese naval airplanes yesterday. Railway stations and munitions dumps provided the targets for the attack. Japanese bluejackets captured the important port of Amoy, 600 miles south of Shanghai, Thursday, driving Chinese defenders off the island where the city is located. Fifty thousand Chinese refugees fled to the foreign settlement to escape the fighting in the city’s narrow streets. Spanish . . . . . . rebel flyers bombed Barcelona and Valencia Thursday, killing 52 pel sons in the two cities. I Approaching Barcelona with such^ speed that no warning could be given, the planes loosed their missiles before the crowded streets could be emptied. Friday the same pianes letuined to the city, killed 94 more victims. General Francisco Franco gained more recognition from abroad this^^ week. Portugese government officials announced Friday that they weie accepting his regime as the official Spanish government. Castille and Navarre insurgent'if' brigades captured the town of Fortanette Friday.
• tiie Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• iooksfores
• Dioe
"DEAC" Everything for a College Educotton H. G. HEISNER
Have Your BEST MEAL at the , NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
• Locksmith
LAWN MOWERS NEW—USED—SHARPENED New Mowers 6.S0 and Delivery service on Mowers. MULHAUFTS Phons 2828-208-11 N. Sth St
• Florist
^Jth J'husJ: Inc. 636 Main St. in Lnna Theatre Bnildinr Phone 7955—8050
• Printing
nR'NTING jpi^'Office Sialioneiy . . O H Weddins InvUaiions B Sales Books, Etc. .. . phone 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408 FERRY
• B«auty Studio
e EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7T27
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic DK. PAUL A. BISK DS. HABOUD 3. BIflK DB. BOBHBT G. BISK DB. LUTHBB A. BME 4th & Main Phone 5701