^t
Dukd12 Pift^burgh-T —^—
^ayy 14 Army 0
Stanford 13 California 7
Boston Colleg#7 Holy Cross 0
Fdrdham 26 N. Y. U. 0
l^uquosn# 14 Carnogio Tocit 7
The/Colorfur Race Is On! Yhe Campus Today Acknowledges > % The 'Necessity'' Of Another Campaign For Prom Committee.
£)w/y S/nc^ /
Volume 52, No. 71
West Lcrfoyette. Indiema
Sunday, December 1, 1940
Wallace Furthers Good Will At Mexican Capital
Attends Inauguretion Of Manuel Comacho By Allen Haden ^ SPECIAL dispatch To' Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc Mexico City, Nov. 30. — Tomorrow L a 25 a r o Cardenas, third elected president of Mexico to serve a full term, voluntarily retires from office in favor of Gen. Manuel Avila Comacho. V. ' The presence of Henry A. Wallace, Vice President-elect of the United States, as special ambassa--dor to the inauguration tomorrow of Gen. Avila Comacho underscores the opinion freely^ expressed that Mexico will, during President Eoosevelt’s third term, be the spearhead in the practicalities of the good neighbor policy. Mexico Goes With America That policy of hemisphere co-op-eration is now founded on accepted international instruments and approved by hemisphere public opinion. It needs implementation even beyond the elforts now made in Washington. The war affects all the nations of the world. Mexico philosophically accepts that the United States, due to her position and influence, will he the first of the American republics involved in actual combat and that Mexico will have to ^o along, in that case. “ Wallace’s outright bid for the position of fair-haired boy in hemisphere matters suits eversfliody concerned. From his motor trip all over Mexico and some parts of Central America, concrete results are expected. Continuation of the friendly United States policy following the inauguration of Avila Comacho tomorrow is a foregone conclusion. Perhaps more important is the formation of the long-rumored joint American-Mexiean board tc co-or-dinate strategic and military matters, patterned on our joint board with Canada, also expected soon. Maury Mahn . . . and his band gained complete approval from the audience of 600 attending the fourth Union swing session prior to regular mixers last night in the South ballroom of the Union. Mahn and his lads, later in the evening, swung out for the mixer in the south ballroom.
The Week^s War As Reviewed By A Foreign Edit / By Carroll Binder (Foreign Editor of The Daily News.) Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Are the terrific German air attacks on British cities and the equally devastating attacks on British shipping primarily intended to relieve British pressure on badly pummeled Italy in readiness for largescale German - Italian activity in the Mediterranean area? Or has Hitler decided to let Mussolini fend for himself while Germany concentrates all its vast striking power in a desperate ^effort to subjugate Britain during the next few months while the American' people are making up their minds whether it IS to their interest to throw all their energies and resources in a declared or undeclared war alongside Britain against totalitarian aggression? Hitler Not Disclosing A gopd many persons in the Bal- ' kans, Eiiksia and other areas as well as in Great Britain and the Western Hemisphere would like to know the answer to those questions. For the moment, at least, Hitler isn’t disclosing his strategy. It is possible that Mussolini himself doesn’t yet know whether German help will be forthcoming to rescue hi^ retreating forces in Albania from the advancing Greeks and spare Italy from further distress at the hands of the British naval blockade and British air raiders. “Room an4 Glory For All” One of Mussolini’s mottoes in the Ethiopian war was “There Is Room and Glory for All,” but a month of war jaas brought glory to Greece and only humiliation to Italy and loss of prestige to the Axis. Mussolini’s inglorious performance played into Hitler’s hands in certain respects. It deprived the Italian dictat<^r of all claim to consideration as an equal in the new prder and made it easier for Hitler to adjust Germany’s relations with France without taking account of Italy’s exorbitant territorial demands. ‘ British Become Frank This week the British evidently made up their minds to change the (Conjiinued on page 4) ’
Faculty, Students Attend Livestock Show In Chicago ' judging Team Compei'es For 'Bronze Bull' Award University School of Agriculture is now undergoing the “acid test,” especially the animal husbandry' department, as far as the general public is concerned at thei Forty-first International Livestock Exposition and Hay and Grain Show now in session’ in the Chicago Unioh Stock Yards and International Amphitheater. As yet, the ^ate of the University’s entries is unknown for the major portion of the livestock judging is unfinished. Students, Faculty Attend Many University School of Agricultural faculty members and students are attending the International, which opened yesterday and will continue through next Saturday. Officials expect that more than 445,000 visitors will do honor to the $6,000,000 worth of blue-blooded champions in the domestic animal world. The University’s live^ock judging team is competing with teams from 30 other universities for the “Bronze Bull” offered by the Chicago Union Stock Yard and Transit Company. Ohio State won the “Bull” at the ’39 show. The three principal breeds of beef cattle exhibited at the International are Aberdeen-Angus, Hereford and Shorthorn. The University has entries in all three of these classes, and is especially strong in the Aberdeen-Angus group. Meat Products Display Tlie exhibition also includes several displays on the use of meat products and the methods to use the so-called less desirable cuts of meat to their best advantage. Besides entries in beef competition, the University School of Agriculture has classes of hogs and sheep entered. As returns of the judging competition are available, the Exponent will try to keep students informed ! on the success of University School of Agriculture entries, e.g.k. Fraternity Advisors ^. .. will meet Tuesday evejiing at 6 o’clock as guests of the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity. After dinner the group will assemble for discussion, on the topic for this second regular quarterly meeting “The Faculty Advisor and His Relation to Fraternities.”
Rerp,ember^ Men . . . Ws
Legal Not To Shave Until After Rassle
By Patty Ryan Less than two weeks remain until the eventful “toite^nth” and the annual SDX Riveters’ Rassel, when the beard is king for.an evening. The army has given official Q. K. to bear_d-^rowers who can produce a summons to the brawl at inspectidn time. And co-eds who habitually frown on the unshaven countenance have resigned themselves to fate for the coihipg fortnight. Tickets, in the form of a summons, will go on sale next Tuesday at the customary j^rgain price of $1.99 These may be obtained from any SDX pledge or from the Exponent office in the basement of the Unipn. \ Contest Divisions Variety of contests will be staged thtf'night of the brawl with beardjudgers selected from this year’s Kappa beauty queens (the one that
was robbed). Beard prizes will be given in the following classes: 1. Longest and heaviest (the manly class). 2. Reddest. ^ 3. Peach-fuzziest. 4. Curliest (the cutie clasp). As in the past, pre-brawl contests will be staged in various halls, rooming houses and fraternities. Here judges will be selected upon thS requirements of the inmates. In addition tq the above mentioned prizes, awards Vill also be made for costumes suggestive of the Bowery and the 1890 period. Included Here will be: most original, most grotesque and most typical costumes. Advice To Growers In past years some campus males have had trouble raising beards in the short period allotted, so we took
it upon ourselves to do a little research. Following are rules laid down by Danny O’Rourke in his publication of 1888 entitled “A Beard in Ten Days—^That Your Frihnds Will Envy and The Ladies Will Love.” Here the^ are: 1. Massage the whiskerlets morning and night using the newly-de-veloped rotary motion. 2. Hide'll! razors from friends or enemies that might disapprove of facial foliage. 3. Just before retiring apply eau de cologne or some other sweet smelling, alcohol containing potion '—externally. 4. Upon arising brjish the growing surface briskly for five minutes. It is rumored that the Smith brothers, of cough drop fame, were ^dvocates of the O’Rourke school.
Boilermakers, Progressives Announce Election Candidates
/ Our Stand On Prom
With the announcement of the candidates for the Prom and Gala Week committees in other columns of today’s paper, the Exponent, for obvious reasons, modifies its stand on the question of the elections to conform with the course of events. ^1. We shall continue to campaign against the undemocratic and uncompromising attitude expressed by former committees. 2. We shall continue to voice student opinion in demanding a full and complete account of what the committee is doing toward the completion of Prom arrangements. 3. We shall discuss frankly platforms submitted by parties and individuals and shall campaign to see that the promises are carried out in practice or at least find out ancJ publish the reasons why they were abandoned. *' 4. We shall support no candidates and no parties but will give equal space in our columns to all parties concerned.
Travers To Furnish Music FprWRH Fall Formal On^aturday Ted Travers and his band will furnish the music for the annual Women’s Residence Hall Fall Formal which will be held in both Union ballrooms next Saturday. Travers has appeared recently at the Castle Farm, Old Vienna, Gibson Hotel and other places in and around Cincinnati. Social chairmen for the* halls, Jane McCouqh, Emily Lloyd, Janet Place and Mary Lou Laswell, are in charge of the arrangements for the dance. The various committees and their chairmen are: program, Emmaline Farrell; decorations, Ruth Olson; music, Pat McFarland and Mary Helen Baum, e.j.g. Industrial Art (itsMors Hold Semi-Annual Meeting District four of the Indiana In- ' dustrial Educational Conference held its fall s^emi-annual meeting on the Unive;rsity campus yesterday and Friday. The members, representing the indtistrial arts departments of the high schools of 13 counties'^ met to study the state course of study in industrial arts used by the high schools of Indiana. The session heard William Hughs, of the TrVfford Plastlic Company of South'Eend, lecture on the present nud future possibilities of plastics in industrial art. This lectpre was in connection with his exhibit and demonstration. Another highlight of the iheeting was a visit to the Jefferson High School metal shops. Approximately 40 high school instructors a(;tended the conference, j.r.g. 20iD School Administrators' Close Annual Cpnference Twtf hundred school administr^itors from over the state ended their annual' Guidance Conference Yesterday morning after a two-day meeting on the University campus.'^ Chief speakers during the conference were Dr, Edward G. Olsen, head of the department of education of Colgate university; V. L. Eikenberry, superintendent of schools at Vincennes; Dr. H. H. Remmers, director of thcw University department of education ^nd applied psychology; and Edward Salner, '32, director of persoifiiel at Koppers Company of Baltimore, Md. j.r.g.
Advanced CAA Student i Suffers Minor Injuries; Crashes Waco Biplane The Waco biplane used for advanced CAA instruction crashed shortly after 8 o’clock yesterday morning while it was being piloted by Fred H. Montague, ME ’41.' He received only minor injuries. ' Montague took off at 8 o’clock on a regular training flight. When he was up a few minute^ the engine started to miss firing. Montague started to come in for a landing^ but, before he landed, the engine began operating pi^perly. Mbntague continued regular flying for a few minutes and then the engine started to cut out on him. He came into the airport cross wind but was not able to keep the plane completely under control. The plane came down nose first, damaging the fuselage and landing gear. At the present time. University airport officials intend to repair the plane, since the national defense program ^makes it diffi(|ult to obtain new planes, e.g.k. C/ub Bridge Group Will Meet Monday. The University Club’s faculty' bridge group wjll hold their second meeting of the year tomorrow evening' at 7:30 o’clock in the East Faculty Lounge of the Uniqn. The group holds seven iifformal get-togethers during the year to give the members of the faculty a better chance to know each other according to E. F. Degerin^, chairman of the committee in cnarge of the meeting. The committee for the meeting is composed'of Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Alien, jProf. and Mrs. M. W. Keller, Prof, and Mrs. C. L. Lovell, Dips and Mrs. Shreve, Prof, and Mrs. C. L. Shrewsbury, Claude Harper, Prof, and Mrs. J. R. Wiley, and Prof, and Mrs. Degering. e.g.k. Dr. Martin, Poultry Hoad, Will Address A H Group Dr. J. Holmes Martin, head of the 'poultry department, will Address the Saddle and Sirloin C%b banquet which ^will be held this' eVening in the Sherman Hotel, Chicago. Dr. Martin’s talk, “Kentuckian by "Choice,” is a tribute to E. S. GoodU whose portrait is being presented to the Saddle and Sirloin Club. This is the fiirst time that a poultryinan has been invited to address the dub, as it is primarily an aniiaal husbandry organization. d.e.b.
Senate Has Received No Independent, New Party Petitions As Yet ) By J, A. Purcell University’s student politics breaks into its own, despite strongly adverse student opinion, today as the Boilermaker and Progressive campus political parties announce their candidates for Prom and Gala Week committees. Boilermaker Prom Boilermaker Prom committee candidates are: Jean Ann McClintoc^, Phi Mu; Robert P. Brock, Phi Kappa; Ned A. Ochiltree, Theta Chi; George W. Ogden, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Donald M. Ogilvie, Alpha Gamma Rho; Forrest H. Sprowl, Delta Tau Delta; and Carl G. Tafel, Phi Delta Theta. Progressive Prom' committee candidates are: Bernadine Evans, Alpha Xi Delta; Robert E. Adams, Sigma Phi Epsilon; Charles F. D^geMajer, Theta Xi; Damon R. Elder, PI A; Charles H, Hansen, Cary Hall; Robert B. Stecker, Cary Hall; and James D. Wolff, Phi Kappa Psi. Progressive Gala Week Progressive Gala Week committee candidates are: Emmaline M. Farrell, PIA; Fred W. Apsey, Cary Hallf,Charles F. Bowman, Acacia; Alfred G. Elley, Alpha Kappa Lambda; William F. Gephart, Cary Hall; and James N. Lemon, Phi Gamma Delta. Foilermaker Gala Week committee candidates are: Marjorie Seibert, Kappa Alpha Theta; Theodore P. Axton, Beta Theta Phi; Reinhart H. Bergstedt, Beta Sigma Psi; Robert A. Hogue, Kappa Delta Rho; Ed- ^ win M. Luedeka, Phi Kappa, Tau; and Jack P. Money, Alpha Tau Omega. / Monday Is Deadline ' Although these two campus parties bave named their committees, independent or new party candidates (neither of which have entered petitions to date) have until Monday afternoon at 6 o’clock to turn in their petitions, bearing 6b or more signatures, to the Student Senate office, John Wallqy, Senate official in charge of the election, said last night. These may be for either event, Prom or Gala Week. Seven juniors and six seniors will be elected to the committees, regardless of party affiliations, Walley concluded. Campaign More Cautious With the announcement of tbe committee ihembers by the two parties comes the full realization that the campus’s own “colorful” politics will dominate the scene from hence until after elections. Chairmen of the two parties refused to announce their platforms last night, saying that “we want time to think it over.” As studept opinion runs, much of it for the abolishment of the Prom aM Gala Week elections, both parties expect -'to wage a somewhat more cautious campaign this year than in the past.
Kappa Psi
... pharmaoeutio41 honorary, >sill present s representative of Abbott Pharmaceutical Chemical j^mpany tomorrow afternoon at 4 o^dock in room 301 of the Pbarmat^ Building. A movie on “Liter Solutions for Barenter^ Use” vfiU be shown. TRw meeting is.open to all faculty men^ bers and students.> 4^
* s
L
'ffk'-
'ffk'-
fiagu 2 »34tBdteuieA
Smatf* December 1, 1940
"0 III Hill i¥
^MUtdasL ^xpMUMt
'5^t
it
^ 5fh Column
Lord LotWan has put it straight up to us. All he wants ia planes, and munitions, and ships. As for the aliens, and the idians, and the fifth columnists, and the Statue of Liberty. We can keep ’em. * * * He did mention something or other about a loan, too. Well, he came to the right place. This country is full of suckers who are stuck with a sizeable chunk of the last war. And they might as well buy a piece of this one. Besides. It’s in keeping with our double tradition. * ♦ * On top of that, this war is expensive. Costs are mounting rapidly. In fact, as soon as they run up a few more billions the American people may figure that it is something bigger than a post oflSce appropriation, and worth buying into. They’re the one people in the world that can look at nine zeros. Preceding the decimal point. And say—SO WHAT. 4c l|( Dragging out yesterday’s letter to the editor. In which Mrs. Roosevelt is quoted as having said that without art the country is not worth saving. Referring to WPA grants to unemployed artists, which it was suggested should be divered to defense channels. We say she may know art. But not Adolph. * * * Waving a paint brush in his face isn’t going to chase
The Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of CoUKress of l^rch 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the reOrular academic year and weekly during the Suipuiur Session, delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.50. Editor-in-Chlef R. W. Donahue Business ^Manager Herle Hagemeyer PublicaHoii Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A, Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Kuffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. TraUgott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers: Promotion Maimger, C. F. Danglemaier; Achounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff EMitor — Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P, C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Bhones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 279Z Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Rutcell Issue Editor: Kieper Day Editor: Miller N^ght Sports Editor: Adamson Staff: J. F. Amos, J. P. Zinski, C. A. Stoeckle, A Hunter, J. S. Keeler, J. Galloway, E. J. Grey, and E. W. Nordlinger. mlki 9kiiiuiiukbjalaki..^uhi-ik..iu—i_i u4 ~ \ ^ I _
Classified Ads
FOB SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office Supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 60$ Main St. Phone 2779.
T
GRIN AND BEAR IT
if Liehty
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
For'•Bent: Room and board for one student. Work for part of board. Phone 61682. 627 North Grant. Pittman.
Room for Rent: Double or single, 606 W. Stadium, Tel. 41844. Roommate Wanted: Large bright room, stoker heat. Near campus, bus line. Reasonable. Call noon ot^ evening. 116 S. Grant. Ph. 2769.
Lost: Sum of money between village and Union, Thursday between 4 and 6. Reward. C. F. Luedemann. 5086.
Notices
Speech 16-A Students: Schedule for the speeches is posted on class door. —CARMICHAEL.
^ Football Ushers and Police: Please turn in badge and collect pay at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse at once. —LOMMEL.
him into any bomb cellars. It’s liable to have the opposite effect. After all. if he liked painting, and was contented to do that. We wouldn’t be worrying about him now.—dkh
All Sophomores: Men who have not received literature concerning the advanced military course should obtain it from Lt. Col. White, Lt. McMaken, or Lt. Johnson in the Instructors Room at the Armory. —TORMEY.
Chi Epsilon: All actives and pledges will meet in room 366 of Union at 6:16 p. m. Sunday, December 1. Formal initiation. —MYERS.
“Bah!—Domestic champagne we have to drink!—^This war is getting uncomfortably close to home!”
Joein ’ ^Round
By Peggy Howard Well, here we are all settled in the Paul Bunyan Room of the Union guzzling cokes per usual. Oh, don’t get excited, this isn’t a new “joe joint” in Purdue’s Union, ’ because, believe it or not, we’ve not even been near West Lafayette, but some 260 miles away ... This column is by remote control from the University of Wisconsin campus at Madison, and we thought you might be interested in knowing what joes do in joeing here. * • Well, first we might say that Wisconsin is definitely a man’s campus, and we do mean definitely. Most of the joe spots are designed “For Men Only” as we found out when we peacefully walked into the Kathskellar and came opt by special request of the cop3D’ight owners. Oh, well, the Paul Bunyan Room has prettier decorationi anyway! We finally settled down here in a highly carved booth, and hailed the lone waiter, who reminds us of the “good humor” man without his sunny disposition. After practically spelling out our order for two plain cokes, we watched the little man disappear completely out of the shop, returning in about five minutes with the order. Personally, we think he dashed out to the comer drug store, charging a nickel for the trip, ’cause the cokes were a dime and there’s not a soda fountain in sight. * * * Golly, you ought to see the clothes up here, they’d do credit to the North Pole. {With pardon to What They’re Wearing, we would like to describe some of the concoctions the fellas and gjds wear to classes.) We just saw one girl {and she’s no exception) in a pair of blue slacks, polo coat, and tarn o’shanter, while hear boy friend was decked out in a teddybear coat and a hood. Can’t say that we blame them though ’cause it’s colder than icicles in January up here!
And speaking of the weather, ever since we’ve hit town it’s been snowing nice, big, white, sticky flakes. Anyhow one has to admit they do have “Complete Campus Coverage.” While on the subject of snow, it seems that the moSt popular sport (next to football now, of course) is skiing, pronounced “sheing.” (No, fellas, it's nothing like wolfing.) They have regular skiing clubs and it appears that everyone indulges in the sport. m * * On Friday afternoon the weekly coffee hour yras held in the main lounge of the Union, which was very informal and lots (ff fun. Each week a different fraternity and sorority serve as host and hostess at this affair. Saturday afternoon a "varsity fair” waS'held in the Union which was something like an amateur carnival with different campus organizations running the concessions. Highlight of the afternoon was the choosing of Miss Varsity Pair, who was picked on the basis of the most danced with girl at the tea dance held during the fair. With all her cutting in she still looked like a wallflower compared with a Purdue co-ed at a tea dance. * * * Friday and Saturday night several small dances were held in the Union, while at a downtown theater, Bernie Cummins appeared with the Ink Spots. (Anyway, we had him first.) Oh, yes, we'll admit that Wisconsin is a good school; everyone is very friendly; a lot is going on, etc., etc. (However, we’ll take Indiana weather and Purdue any day to snow storms and only two fellas to every girl!)
Orchestra Makes First Appearance For Student Union University orchestra will make its first Music Room appearance this year in the program sponsored by the Student Uuion today in the north ballroom of the Union from 4 to 5 o’clock. Evelyn Gullion and Jean Miller will be featured with harp specialties. Included on the program will be a string quartet, violin duet, fiute trio, trumpet trio, marimba duet and violin solo. This year the orchestra is composed of 63 members. Twenty-nine of these are freshmen. A gfeat number of the members have won first division rating in national music contests. The brass and woodwind sections have been doubled since last year and there is a full quartet of French horns and a new pair of tympani. a.c.
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday, December 2, at 7:16 p m. Pledges ■will appear at this time instead of 7:46. Be sure to bring caps. —BOHLIN.
supply room of the Armory. This will be the last group of the year. 12-1. —BROWN.
304 of the Union.
-BAUMAN.
Lutheran Student Association: Important meeting Supday, December 1, at 9:30 a. m. at Rev. Stolldori’s home, 626 N. Ninth St. All members be there. —SMITH.
Wesley Players: Pledging service Saturday, December 1, at the Foundation. Please be prompt. —THOMPSON.
Kappa Delta Pi Fall Initiates: Fill in permanent record cards in Prof. McFarland’s office in Education building. —SIMPSON.
Elementary Structures 22: Examination for the removal of C or I grades will be given December 14 from 1-4 p. m. in the Civil Building, room 301. Please coii^ct me at once. —SONESON.
Exponent Juniors and Sophomores: Meeting of all editorial, sports and co-ed juniors and sophomores Monday, December 2, at 4 p. m in the Exponent office in the Union. , —DONAHUE.
Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday. December 8, at 7:30 p. m. in rooin 261 in Union. All members please be prompt. —GERSTUNG.
Model Aeroplane Builders: Last outdoor contest Sunday, December 1, on Miller’s Field, weather permitting. —^BORSKI.
GE 36: Examination for removal of C or I grades December 14. Make arrangements in room 109 Michael Golden Shops before Friday, December 13. , —OWEN.
WAA: Late volley ball call-out Monday, December 2, 4-6 p. m. Two practices required for WAA points. —KIRKHOFF.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Rehearsal schedule for next two weeks is as follows: Monday, December 2, 7:30 p. m. in room 807, tinion. Wednesday, December 4, 7:80, room 807. Saturday, December 7, 2:00 p. m., in Union, Tower. Monday, December 9, 7:80 p. m., room 307, Union. Wednetfday, December 11, 7:30 p. m. in room 807. Saturday, December 14, 2:00 p. m. in 807. It is extremely Important that everybody attend. —SMULEVITZ.
WAA: Indoor archery tournament Monday, December 2, in gymnasium. No preliminary practices necmsary. —BUERGLER.
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting Tuesday, December 3, at 7:80 p. m. in room 308 of the Union. Be there and bring money for transportation if you intend to take Chicago trip. —^HOLCOMB.
Union Women’s Bowling Tournament: Due to late entries, the tournament has been pbstponed until Tuesday, December 10. Girls wishing WAA points must bowl three games before that date. —STUCKEY.
PIA Board: Regular hoard meeting Monday, December 2, at 4 p. m. In ‘the PIA office. —MtrssER.
Phi Lambda tlpailon: Meeting of all active members at 7:15 Wednesday, December 4, in Room 106 of Chemistry Building. Election of pledges. —CROG.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, December 1, 7 ;80 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. Guest coming. Bring manuscripts. —REIGLE.
AIChE: Student chapter bulletins and membership cards may be obtained in Dr. Shreve’s office in the Chem and Met building. 12-4 —KRAYBILL.
WAA Badminton: Badminton call-outs Monday, December 2, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —'iTHOMAS.
Newman Club: Communion at 9:30 Mass and breakfast afterwards, Sunday, December 8. Not December 1, as previously announced. Debris pictures will be taken at breakfast. All members please be present. —LUERS.
Buffalo Purdue Club: Meeting of all students from Buffalo and western New York Tuesday, December 3, at 7:30 p. m. in rodm
All University Women: Bowling call-out Monday, December 2, 4 p. m. in the Women's Gym, for organised teams and any others who are not on teams. —WALKER. y
Novice Pistol: Students to fire in Sie sixth novice pistol group zoxg sign up in the
ARC
TODAY - TOMORROW f\ ^CROSBY ^\ - 610BIAIEUl/^
PLUS-
ON THEIR OWN
.r-MtO — "POOCH PARADE" A COLUMBIA FABLE
TODAY-MON.—2 HITS
tHE COVERED WAGON' . "THE IRON HORSE' "CIMARRON'
'APHYL' F. ZANUCK’S ProducUon ol
Tfow-
brichamS
' WriUeh.idr the screen by LOUI^BROM FIELD
TYRONI POWER LINDA DARNELL BRIAN DONLEW • lANE DAttWBLL JOHN CAAIUIOINE • MaRy ASTOR VINCENT PRICE • lEAN ROffERS • ANN TODD aad DEAN JACIGER Of BtisfhQm Youag SQth CenHuyfox Plolure
PLUS —2KD FEATURE JACK HOLT •—IN — "THE GREAT PLANE ROBBERY"
ivenin’# Folks— How y’oll? D/cf you ever tee a moWe set-up like this? ... NOf you bet you never did! Come on, let’s trancel
•a.BRSfea.. • MMMIO O’KfeBFE PARRISH ALMA KRUQCR ■ml KAY KYSER'S BAND, «Mrtittliig .. GINNY SIMMS ,9MEWHITS0N«SI
NOW SHOWING
B
— EXTRA — New! Timely! Exciting! MARCH OF TIME'S ON FOREIGN NEWS FRONTS
NOW PLAYING UMMSTtt
Prices—This Attraction Only MATINEE— 15c - 35e - 40c (Includino Tax) Evenings and All Day Sunday— I5c - 40c - 50c (Including Tax)
'OESier DIETRICH IS AT IT AGAINI SIm mdcM o Sovth Seas typhoon look hko a gontle breeze...os the tokee over o lawleu Pacific Porodisel
MARS Starts T< •>
-7^-
fi
'i' u
fijoAdaoJ SxpatumL
StOttSOy* DtHn»inb«f U
fiapiS
Mtei
? ,•
Kiefer
orld Backstroke
Si. Joseph Five To Open Riveter Net Season Here Friday Night Officially opening th^* basketball season hefe next Friday night with the firfet of a series of four home games, the Riveters will take to the floor against a formidable St. Joseph College quintet. Following this encounter, the' defending Big Ten champions will engage Western Illinois State Teachers on the hardwood for the season’s second game at Saturday night. St. Joseph Tough ' '
An
Coach Joe Dienhart’s St. Joseph College Pumas have a veteran equad of nine lettermen and are expected to start off the Boilermaker hardwood season with somewhat of a bang. Last year the Puma quintet played a good enough brand of ball to earn a bid to the National Intercollegiate Tournament in Kansas City. Led by Neal “Moose” Mosser, a fast center, who established a new state record last year by rolling up '300 points, the St. Joseph b6ys will also be depending heavily upon three ^^ormer Jasper High School stars. This trio includes Maurice Gutgsell, a fast junior forward who does all right on long shots; Bernard Hoffman, sophomore, whose specialty is playing axis man on pivot plays; and Urban Pfeffer, a second, year guard who takes care of the rebounds. It is likely that the fifth starting hardwoodman for the Pumas will be sophomore Wendell Bowman who is another high school
star, this time from Remington, where he had the reputation of being an excellent fioor shot. Boilermaker^ Hope To Repeat On Saturday night, in the game with Western Illinois State Teachers, the Boilermakers will be attempting to repeat their 47-24 vic- ‘ tory in last season’s opener. However, reports from Macomb seem to indicate that the Riveter quintet will find the going a little tough in this game too. The Macombers have the reputation of being a well balanced, steady ball club that will, more often than not, come out on the long end of their scores this season. After these two games. Coach Lambert’s hardwood quintet will take on Wayne university here Wednesday night, December 11. A home game with Wabash College on Tuesday, December 17, will then be all than remains before the squad takes to the road during-the holidays for games with DePaul and Loyola in Chicago, j.s.k.
We Make All Kinds of Alterations on Men's and Ladies' Garments
JOE'S TAILOR SHOP CHAUHCEY and MAIN StS.
YEAR IN ... YEAR OUT people read books. New books that are the current best sellt ers; the old favorite standbys. They are all in the BROWSING ROOM JhsL fiwtdjudL ^}f)flsufn0iieiL UnwfL The^ Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
lllnsioiin
By Joseph Patrick Dolan This afternoon at 2 o’clock in the Lafayette Armory three of Purdue’s greatest basketball players, John Sine^, Jewell Young and Pat Malaska, wilj perform again for the home folks with an exhibition against the
John Sines, ’36 Harlem Globe Trotters, world's professional champions, who lost' a thrilling two-point victory, 44-42, to the college all-stars, Friday night in the Chicago Stadium. Young, Sines and Malaska, better known as the “Three Musketeers” when they were undergraduates
Ch^ss Team Beats IU In Trophy Match Yesterday afternoon, in aCcCrAance with the long-esthblished tradition of winning whenever the Indiana football game is lost, the University chess team downed a visiting Indiana quintet by the score of 3% to 1%, and thereby gained possession of the chess trophy for one year. The matches were held in the old Chestmit Room of the Union from 1 to 4 o’clock. Members of the victorious squad, in order of their positions are: L. H. Curtner—^won; T. Anderson—^won; M. M. Goff—lost; G. Southworth— drew; and L. A. Warren—^won.
here at the old Gold and Black instituion, were without a doubt the greatest trio to perform on a college fioor from coast to coast. From Madison Square Garden to the Los Angeles Auditorium, the names of John, “Brig” and Pat re-echoed on kids and died-in-the-wool fans alike. —I-I— Purdue has had" a lot of fioor workers, but few can approach the calm and collected manipulation of opponent defenses as could the pis-ton-legged Malaska or dead-pan Sines. As a matter of history. Sines was the first Purdue basketball player to score a goal in the Purdue Fieldhous'e, as a matter of fact, the first player to count two points on the score board. —I-I— Speaking of emotionless persons, the great'Young, who twice scored. ,29 points in conference compeUtion, was a real actor of the hardwood. Seldom did anyone see the Purdue Jewell change expression. That was one of his secrets, he never telegraphed a play or position. —I-I— Yes sir, today is the day that many persons hereabouts have been waiting for—the return of the peerless musketeers, the fellows who wrote Purdue Basketball from New York to Los Angeles and the guys who assisted in more ways than one in bringing Perdue two championships in their three seasons of competition under a man who can control men, our Mr. Lambert, dean of college hardwood art.
the Purdue Exponent Service / Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Halo St. Phone 5701
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
• Dairy Products
CHRISTMAS CARDS - Exclusive Lines SOUTHWORTH'S
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 4ttil4
University Book Store Across fonh the Union Next to the College Inn '' M. C. "Red" Sammons *29 R, W. "Doc" EppIo '40
• Lecksmltk
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for .tfunks, doOr locka, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2S28
• Photographers
li. Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing HINEA - PHOTdGPAPHElt 634 Main St. Phone 7775
• Hardware
Edgerton Hdwes Inc* Better Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 Wb (Olivet
e Sl|0e Repair
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phdhi R240 221 State
• iui Ififbfmelten CHitAtSO |2.45 h.T. j GARY .1 2.95 R.T. , MICHIGAN CITY.... 3.70 R.T. INDIANAPOLIS 2.10 R.t. YANKIITRAILWAYS 208 N. 5th Phone 4475
Carney Breaks 220-Yarci State Freestyle Record
By John Galloway
Adolph Kiefer, holder of all the world records in the backstroke, sliced .9 seconds from his former record for a new world record of 42.1 seconds in his race against John Dilley in the 75-yard special backstroke Competition last ijight in the fourth annual Aquacade presented by the Dolphin and Triton Clubs in the
Fieldhouse pool.
Kiefer is from the Chicago Towers Club and was accompanied ■ to the University by Stan Braun-
inger. Towers Club coach.
The varsity man who set a new state record was Jack Carney who swam the 220-yard freestyle in 2 minutCis, 18.1 seconds, which is a 1.7 second cut off the record at present. To start the evening’s events, Elroy Heidke, state swimming champion of Chicago High School fame," set a new pool record of 1 minute, 3.4 seconds in the 100-yard breaststroke. Patty Aspinall, national champion breaststroke swimmer, broke her old record and set a new American record for the 200-yard breaststroke with a time of 2 min-
utes, 50.6 seconds.
Other out-of-town stars that turned in splendid performances were Henry Eozlowski of Chicago, Pete Reasdr, 11-year-old Illinois state diving champion, and Niel Stillwell, world record holder in the
iflunge.
Flnfe performances were turned in by all the varsity men, some of whom are: Joe Williams, John Dil- ■ ley, Jack Carney and Randy Mc-
Oredy.
Officiating at the events were Glen Hummer, coach of the Huntington YKIOA, kb chief judge, and Paul S. Jofhdah, Indianapolis, national chairman of the National AAU RecOjNte tlsihniittee, acting as official
statter.
Conference Will Vote On Post Season Grid Baffles December 7 '■ The present dispute, raging over whether the Big Ten will send an annual representative to the Rose Bowl, is scheduled to come to a head next Week-end in Chicago at the yearly committee meeting of faculty representatives of each university in the conference. There is still some slight chance of a Big Ten team playing Stanford next January 1 fn the Pacific coast classic, but admittedly even those in favor of the plan consider the possibility
almost neglible.
5 To 4 Against ‘Bowl’ At present, five universities are lined up more or less solidly against the proposal, while four are known to favor it. Those definitely against it are: Purdue, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Northwestern and Illinois. On the other hand, Indiana, Ohio State, Iowa and Michigan have gUfie On record as being in favor of the plan and are expected to vote according-
ly next Saturday. Minnesota Saj^s No
If, by some phance, the motion < should go through, Minnesota, the logical choice to represent the East, will definitely not make the trip. It would be ^breaking a long standing policy of the Gophets of havifig no post season games and, consequenf-. ly, their faculty has come out solidly opposed to the proposition. It, therefore, is almost cut and dried that Michigan, which is, some ?ay, a bett€|i: tdam in spite of their 7 to 6 defeat by the Gophers, tvill make the trip. However, unless one of the five “no” schools changes its stand between now and Saturday, Stanford in all likelihood will have to search farther east for a team to play them next New Year’s Day.
j.s.k.
SLIGHTLY USED PHONOGRAPH RECORDS
LATEST POPULAR TUNK
Nan Whins Amif llefotet02,IIIIO,1M ’ jlTayilig before a crowd of over 102,000 fans who had squeezed their way into Philadelpliia’s mammoth new Mnhidpal Btadium, the Navy gridmett Made it two in a oTor tim eadoie by topping the Aipy squadi 14-0. It was the sixteenth vietoi^ for the Midshipmen.in the annual service games, while the Army hdtt emer^ on the top end Of the sdOre SSI ^es. Both teams 'missed good scoring chances in the first half when their drives ttOi^red down within easy striking distance of paydirt. The Navy, hdWever, managed to puftb a touchdown across early in the game when Busic plunged over from the 2yafd hhe. llmW the remainder of the fitbt half teams took tutna’ at thfOaitening, but neither squad had the neceesaiY powm* whm heeded, '^Wice the Cadets advanced to the Nayy ?-yafd marker only to ilte haB on downs, while the BKidsHdpmen Mew two, changes in the same manner. Malcolm added the second toudhdown on a pass fi^om Carke mi«tw«y in the third p^od to put the game on ice for Navy.
SI
JSg. Omdm,..,
Phone sons
Amerleiiii
SANITONE CLEANING is thD thriftiest way—To ALWAYS be well Lresse^|
We Pick-Up ottd DcUvwl«,y’?rT.;
■/
4«1
'V
.'• '' J I i>lt / , *' str ^ 'fM
V (paqe^-£diJtA
Sunday, December 1, 1940
/ ' fijuJuluiL £3CpDnanL
I-
<'9. f’
It, .A’
Jinudi^ JjcxJUl
Letter To The Editor f ; Dear Mr. Donahue; For the past week you have been taking the Prom Committee over the editorial coals and have even suggested that the election of the Committee be abandoned this year. Wl^ile you have several good points in favor of your arguments I, as a member of last year’s Prom Committee, would like to put you and the rest of the student body straight on several little points. First, let’s clear up the point about the selection of the band. We’ll agree, that George Hall wasn’t the best band in the world to have for Prom but as it turned out he was the best we could get under the circumstances. And although you accuse the committee of negligence I think that if you were given the choice betweeh Glen Miller and Larry Clinton you too would wait a few days to get Miller. That is exactly what we did. Unfortunately Glen Miller could not be booked and Clinton made other arrangements between Friday night and Monday morning, the period during which we were trying to get Miller. We gambled on what probably would have been the best Prom eyer held at Purdue and lost. ^ ' ' Furthermore, for your enlightenment, there was a story published in your own paper regarding the bands that were being considered. We couldn’t come out and say that we were trying to get Glenn Miller because if we didn’t get him, as we didn’t, the students would have said we were just bluffing. I’ll agree with you that politics should not extend into other activities on the campus and I’ll be one of your most ardent supporters in helping to keep them in their place but I do believe that they have a definite place on our campus. Surely you will agree that the use of the voting machines alone is a worthwhile lesson for the voters of tomorrow. Furthermore, the elections give some thirty or forty students a chance to get into an activity, unproductive in tangible things perhaps, but certainly productive in tact and experience. And as you have suggested they are a colorful outlet for student excess energies. It seems to me that abandoning the Prom committee is the admiission on the part of the students that they are incapable of running their own affairs. Rather than do this let’s give the committee a chance to see if they can’t do a better job this year in face of your criticism. A Member of Last Year’s Committee. (Name witheld on request of the writer.) The Army And Navy ... wentinto action yesterday while the rest of the country remained comparatively normal. The New York Stock Exchange closed slightly higher and Congress adjourned for the weekend and yet down in Philadelphia one of the toughest battles of the day was just beginning. i How different is this than the customary news release from foreign capitols. None of the turmoil, except in a centralized locality around Municipal Stadium in Philadelphia, none of the despair that is so ingrained in the tone of every story from European battlefields. Because in America, the armed forces who are being trained to lead us in the battle we hope will never come still find time to entertain the public and themselves rather than spread the doctrine of hate and destruction. Yes, the Army and Navy fought it out yesterday and the Navy won. We only hope that the United States will continue to fight in its battles on the sports field and not the battle field.
(Continued from page 1) The Week’s War tenor of their remarks to the American public. Heretofore, British spokesmen had based their remarks on the assumption that only reassuring statements would go over well with the American public. They feared that too frank a disclosure of Britain’s plight and British needs would discourage Americans from further substantial aid. Some went so far as to pretend that they did not wish the United States to enter the war.
miel
LOOK YOUR BEST for the UNION ^nd RESIDENCE HALL FORMALS Beautiful coiffures don't happen , . . they are created ... It takes experts to create the kind of hairdress that will make you look your best. For appointment
CALL 7901
Loeb’s Beauty Salon
When we were at the aquacade sitting on the front row enjoying ourselves we were finely sprayed by the flying feet of one of the swimmers. Being thoroughly dampened we were a little mad but today we feel better so we will tell you about their dressing. —^wTw— In the three gal ballet Loraine Bemis, Betty Bemis, and Virginia SchakeLin their red, white, and blue suits respectively were a sight to see. When they did the ballet kick and the triple log roll, they were slightly terrific ... The members of the Triton Ballet Company wore white rubber suits with a brown and gold plaid design. They were plenty smooth. —^wTw—^ The men all wore black regulation suits for their swimming and trunks for diving, but a few variations were seen. One young man did the Hawaiian crawl in a grass skirt. . . . The comedy divers wore suits from the years gone by. In fact we think our grandfathers would have
Campus Varieties * Imitates 'La Burns' Featuring a good imitation of Bob Burns, even down to the bazooka, Campus Varieties, WBAA’s weekly program, originated yesterday afternoon in the south ballroom of the Union with Irv Given and his orchestra fur,nishing the music. Song hits of the program were “We Three,” voted by students to be “The Song of the Week,” and “Falling Leaves,” played with a shifting drum beat. Bill Fall served as master of ceremonies throughout the hour, c.a.s. Clifton Webb . . . with twelve other players from the cast of “The Man Who Came to Dinner” were entertained by members of the Playshop yesterday evening at 6:30 o’clock in the Chestnut Room of the Union. The Purdue Players, several members of the faculty anjJ a few students interested in dramatics also attended the dinner. “The Man Who Came to Dinner,” a stage production, was presented at the Mars Theatre yesterday afternoon and last night.
felt “old-fashioned” in them. The one that fascinated us most was the addition of the four buckled galoshes. —^wTw— Yes, we were seeing red and really red. What man had the nerve to walk across campus^and to classes in his red pajamas (thought one chem engineer), but on closer observation he saw that they weren’t pjs but red cords ? The brave young man was Charles Fisher, Cary Hall SE. ^ome dressing boy. —^wTw— The cord contest is growing slower and slower. It seems as if Fred Elley will be the winner dfter all but one never knows, there is still time for another winner. —^wTw— . The rubber boots are coming out all over the place. They are being worn for rain and even when there isn’t any rain. That is a fashion or fad that is worth while and stuff. Do the men approve of them or are they to be condemned along with the knee socks ? —wTw— We’ll lie with you Friday with names, dates, and dresses to be worn at the Union Formal. ’Til then dress to suit the weather—^if you can. The or Professor
The average student last year spent $643.22. The women spent an average of $682.70 and the men $621.07.
KAY KYSER, dean of the College of Musical Knowledge and starring in his second picture, “You’ll Find Out” at the New Main Theatre which started with a Midnight Prevue last night, started his now popular Land while he was still an under graduate at tl^e University of North Carolina. Kyser’s new picture is a mystery mirth melodrama in which the band and its star soloists are featured with a big Hollywood cast.
. . . Foundation debate team will meet the Indiana university Hjjlel Foundation team tomorrow in Indianapolis. The passion players of the foundation will accopapany the team and present a short skit for the Indiana students. Those who plan to attend will gather at the east entrance of the Union at 4:30 o’clock torAorrow afternoon.
Seagoing birds sometimes accumulate barnacles, as do ships, it is revealed by the University of California zoology department.
DON’T WORRY ABOUT A DRESS FOR THAT “DATE” If you send it to West Side you’ll get it back cleaned, pressed and oh, so perfect looking, all ready to wear on that important date.
^'Lowest Prices Quality Will Permit" Northwestern at Vine Phone 4081
Letter To The'Editor Dear Mr. Donahue: Discussion on the question. Resolved: That the Prom and Gala^ /Week committees be done away with, has mostly been on the affirmative side. We do not think it should be done away with, nor, do we believe it practicable to allow the situation to continue as it has in the past. It is all too true that the political potentialities and not the c^alifications of the candidates have been the prime' consideration of the parties. Instead of doing away with these committees, mal^e certain improvements in their powers and personnel. , Here are a few suggestions we have to offer on the improvements of the cortimittees concerned. First, make it a prerequisite for holding an ofiice on either committee that the various candidates shall have had previous experience in that type of work. You shouldn’t think of putting a senior who has never had experience on a newspaper in the Exponent’s editorial chair. Second, differentiate the ticket. Instead oi having the chairman of the committees chosen as they are, have each member of the committee run for a specific office on the committee. One to run for the general chairmanship, another for decorations manager, another for band ac- ' comodations, and so forth down the line. And again have prerequisites for each ofiice. Third, and we think it is an essential point, too. We believe that the various committees be given more authorit3^. Instead of letting Mr. Fletemeyer and Mr. Vallely doing more, let them do less. As one senior put it last year, “They do all the arranging, and we’re just the stooges elected by the student body to do the dirty work and take the blame if anything goes wrong.” These are the principle defects in the committees at the present moment. They are not experienced. They have no qualifications, and they have no authority. After all, this is our Junior Prom and our Gala Week not Mr.' Fletemeyer’s nor Mr. Vallely’s. It is nothing but our privilege to run them,as we see fit, to our disgrace or to our glory. It is easy to condemn. That is the
Playing Mar$ Today
MARLENE DIETRICH as Bijou, Queen of night life in the Tropics and glamoTous leading character of “Seven Sinners.”
path of least resistance. It is much harder to change an existing system, but at times, and we think this is one of them, it is more advisable. Irving Smulevitz, Ph ’42.
After receiving her first college degree 42 years ago, Mrs. John A. Davenport this year entered South Dakota State university law school as a freshman.
FOR THE LATEST NEWS BREAKS ... FOR NEWS PICTURES FIRST THE PURDUE EXPONENT THE ONLY NEWSPAPER IN THIS TERRITORY BRINGING TO YOU EXCLUSIVE REPORTS FROM THE CHICAGO DAILY NEWS FORHGN SERVICE.
•■if iv
V' f
1 t
*■ Ji,
* ♦
V |1'
► »
i i
i ‘
I •