o the Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY February 13, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana^ VOL. 49 No. 110
Ohio Ideals Ooilemakers, 37-29
State May Replace WBAA
21 Co-eds Affiliate With Eight Sororities
The Week's NEWS
National Ice-gorged Michigan, Wisconsin, and Illinois rivers rumbled flood warnings early this week, as February thaws spilled water over lowland farms, factories, highways. Rock, Saginaw, and Grand river valleys were danger spots Wednesday, while an 80 mile ice jam in Rock River was crumbling. Inundated factories at Sterling, 111., left 3,000 men jobless. Meanwhile tornadic winds were playing havoc with California’s coastline. Golden Gate’s new $35,000,000 suspension bridge twisted 12 feet out of line before the force of winds which left in their wake blocked highways, broken communication systems.
Officers, Friday night, nabbed three of five escape artists who Jjroke loose Thursday from “structurally unsafe” Indiana State Prison of Michigan City. Sawing cell bars and twisting bedclothes into rope, these five easily slipped through prison guards to freedom. Still loose, the other two convicts are legitimate game for manhuntifig policemen, now dragnetting three states. Millionaire ranks were thinned this week aS' two of their number were claimed by death—both at Miami Beach, Fla. Rubber Magnate Harvey S. Firestone died in his sleep Monday at the age of 69. George F. Getz, 72, Chicago coal millionaire and former treasurer of the Republican National Committee, succumbed to pneumonia Friday.
Twelve clock-face painters who are slowly dying of radium poisoning, carried to court this week their grievances against the Radium Dial Company, of Ottawa, 111. Victims tell how the company posted notice that their radium was “safe” since it was a “pure” variety. Doctors testify that meth(Continued on page 2);,
With the conclusion of second semester co-ed rush yesterday noon, final calculations showed 21 girls taking the pledge buttons of the eight campus sororities. Unannounced in previous pledge releases are Phi Mu pledges Barbara Joy, Indianapolis, and Doris Henninger, Hamilton, O. Pedalion Rush Captain Betty Soehner also announces the pledging of June Conklin, Oak Park, 111., and Betty Biesecuker, Woolcott. Regarding unrestricted rush, as conducted last week, Pan-Hellenic Council President Mary Gene Jarrett comments, “With the small number going through rush the second semester, it is much easier to handle and entertain therushees without strict rules and regulations.”
Music Room Program Program: Ruth and Noel Lee,' piano selections. Place: Music room. Memorial Union Building. ^ Time: Today, 4 p. m.
Group Will Act Next Thursday Plans for a state educational radio station to be located at Indianapolis, to supplant WBAA, and whose facilities would be used by all four state-operated colleges and universities, were discussed recently at a conference called by Governor M. Clifford Townsend in the capitol city. President E. C. Elliott represented Purdue, while acting president of Indiana University, H. B. Wells, president of Indiana State Teachers’ College R. N. Tirey, and L. A. Pittenger, president of Ball State Teachers’ College, represented their respective schools at the conference. Would Increase Power The plan would provide for moving the transmitter now operated at Purdue on 1,000 watts to Indianapolis and increasing its power to 6,000 watts. Facilities of this non-commercial station would be open to all four colleges on a cooperative program. If the plan goes through, pro(Continued on page 4)
West Lafayette Baptist: Dean Fisher will speak at the Roger Williams’ Club class for students at 9:30 a. m., and at 10:^ a. m. the morning worship service will be held with a sermon by Reverend Gleason on “Our Church.” At 5:30 p. m. 0^0 Roger Williams’ Club will meet for the social hour, followed by a discussion on “Preparation for Marriage” conducted by Reverend Gleason at 6:30 p. m. At 7:30 the evening worship service will be held with the sermon “Life And Teachings Of Jesus.” First Christian: At 9:30 a. m. the student class, and at 10:30 a. m. the morning worship service will be held with the Rev. Mullen speaking on “Dangerous Ways Normal People Deal With Their
Two Movies “Romance of Mahogany” 4 p. m. tomorrow in room 101 in Michael Golden Shops. “Celite, the Story of the Diatom” 4 p. m. tomorrow in room 106 of Chemis^try Building.
Difficulties.” The social hour and supper will be held at 5:60, followed by the Young People’s discussion group. The subject will be “What Can We Do With Our/Leisure Time?” The evening worship service will be held at 7:30. Central Presbyterian: Dr. G. H. Graves will lead the discussion group in a talk on “The Education Of Jesus” at 9:30 a. m. Holy Communion will be conducted at 10:46 a. m. From 6 until 6 p. m. a recreation hour will be held in the Educational Building of the church. At the meeting of the Sunday evening club. Prof, Aitkenhead will present a program of readings from Robert'Burns, West Lafayette M. E.: The men’s Sunday School class will meet at 9:30 a. m., and the co-ed class will meet at the Wesley Foundation House at the same time. The morning worship service will be held at 10:40 a. m., with Dr. Steele speaking on “The Compassion Of Christ.” The Epworth League will meet at 6:30 p. m. in the church with a team of Indiana students leading a discussion on “The Race Problem.”
W
L
Pts
OP
Northwestern...
6
1
233
218
PURDUE
....6
2
260
231
Michigan
...4
2
202
176
Ohio State
5
3
306
263
Minnesota
4
3
224
212
Wisconsin
3
4
263
246
Indiana
3
4
273
282
Iowa
3
4
252
263
Illinois
2
6
276
311
Chicago
0
6
187
274
(3
Riveters Enter Second Half Leading Ohio, 21-12; Bad Passes Hinder Purdue Offense In Final Period
By Bruce Witwer'
Associate Spwts Editor, Purdue Exponent Colosseum, Columbus, 0., Feb.i 12.—(Special)—An inspired Ohio State squad put on a second half drive here tonight to overcome a 21-12 lead, and drive inta the front in the first 10 minutes of the half. Repelling all Purdue, they
finally emerged victorious, 37-29. The Boilermakers were definitely superior the first half, but the final period found them unable to connect with the basket. Passing was ragged, and the Purdue squad failed to click in the last minutes of play while the Buckeyes rolled
up their lead.
Big Ten Standings
Other Scores
Northwestern, 27; Wisconsin, 23. Minnesota, 28; Illinois, 23. Iowa, 42; Chicago, 29. Activities Bureau
Tomorrow
Opens
Activities Bureau, sponsored by the Student Union, will reopen tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock, after remaining cjosed during semester examinations. The Bureau is located in the room adjoining the browsing room, and will remain open until 5:30 p. m. each night, Monday through Friday. Leon Jacobson, Unioft vice-pres-ident in charge of the Activities Bureau, stated yesterday that the major activities .will soon issue calls for freshmen and other student workers, and advised those interested to call at the Bureau for additional information. Over 500 Phone Calls ... . . . were answered last' night in conjunction ^th the Exponent service supplying inquirers with the score of the Ohio State-Purdue basketball game.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Possible local showers today, with mild temperatures, Rain J;omorrow, probably cbsilging to snow. Much colder tomorrow. Yesterday’s Temperatures: |jow, 39, at 4 a. m.; High, 62, at 8 p. m.
Ohio Scores First Ohio State started the scoring with a free throw by McDonald, but Dickinson immediately followed with another charity toss. Anderson dropped in a basket and a free toss, and Sines sank a bucket while the Buckeyes were making one basket to put the Boilermakers ahead, 8-5. With five minutes to play in the first half Pur-"^ due led, 13-12. Young dropped in two baskets and Anderson scored a basket and two free throws to give the Boilermakers a 21-12 lead at the intermission. Second Half All Ohio The second half was all Ohio State; the Buckeyes _ scored 27 points to Purdue’s eight in this period. Baker led Ohio State in the final half with two baskets and five free throws, while Boughner made five points for the local five. Hull and Baker of Ohio and Gene Anderson of Purdue tied for high point honors with ten points each. Boughner, Buckeye guard, and Purdue’s Jewell Young each scored seven points. The buiiiinary. Purdue (29) FG FT PF Young, f 3 1 2 Sines, f 2 1 1 Anderson, c 3 4 3 Bcretta, g 0 0 _4^ Dickinson, g 1 1 2 Hutt, f 1 0 0 Zink, f 0 1 0 Yeager, g 0 0 2 Malaska, g 0 0 0 Fisher, c ...0 1 1 Totals 10 9 15 Ohio State (37) FO FT PF Hull, f : 0 4 1 Baker, f 3 4 3 Schick, c 4 0 4 Boughner, g 3 1 2 McDonald, g 0 2 3 Totals 13 11 12THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
Sunday. February 13, 1938
(Continued from page 1) ©ds used were certain to cause fatal radium burns.
Foreign
Japan flatly refused this week to divulge her naval program to the United States. A Nipponese note stated Japan was willing, however, to participate in a discussion which deals principally with total naval strengths. Similar notes were sent to Paris and London.
The Japanese announcement came as a result of an American-British-French request for information concerning the biillding of super Japanese battleships.
Anti-Semitic agitation caused the collapse of the Roumanian Cabinet Thursday and the formation of a royal dictatorship with King Carol at the head. London’s antagonism against Premier Goga’s anti-Jewish policy coupled with Carol’s proposed trip to England led directly to the Premier’s downfall.
Alive on an ice floe somewhere off the coast of Greenland without communication to the outside World; that’s the situation of four Russian arctic explorers. A winditorm wrecked their radio transmitter, destroyed their only means of contact to the mainland.
Russia’s largest dirigible, the j45 foot USSR-V6, crashed and killed 18 of its crew early this week in a trial run preparatory to an attempted rescue of the foor explorers.
Washington
Agricultural legislation occupied the Congressional spotlight this
TODAY & MONDAY
JO&N CRXWTORD WIlUAMTOWiU MLMONTCOMERY
WARREN WILUAM uuN MsnuL'jyuut JifiHi — also — "Silly Symphony” Cartoon
week. Following House approval of the crops control bill Wednesday by a 263 to 135 vote. Senators temporarily sidetracked the month-old anti-lynching filibuster in an effort to rush the draft on through to the White House.
National Grange, America’s oldest farm organization, protests this House-approved bill. In brief, the document provides for continuance of soil conservation and, vidth farmer approval, would apply marketing regulations to wheat, corn, cotton, tobacco, and rice.
Late Friday, Senators unanimously agreed to call a vote by 3:30 tomorrow.
Official Administrationvrecognition of the current business recession came Thursday with the President’s estimate that 3,000,000 have lost their jobs in the last three months. With this as a basis of argument, the President is asking Congress for an additional $250,000 WPA appropriation to be spent between now and June 30. Indiana WPA Administrator Jennings says it may be necessary to call a special session of Indiana legislature to appropriate Hoosier relief funds if the President’s national appropriation does not pass.
An 8 billion dollar transcontinental superhighway project is Senator R. J. Bulkley’s (Ohio) proposed tonic for business ailments. In his Administration-ap-proved bill he advocates a system
of ten great toll roads to span the BusilieSS
country—^three east and west, seven north and south. Reasonable tolls should amortize t^e great cost in about 60 years, Bulkley
claims.
War Japan’s eight armies operating in the Lughai corridor simultaneously started a campaign to cut off this railway artery Tuesday. Five of the columns are driving down from the Shangtung province region and three are closing in from the Hwai river valley.
Trading on the New York stock exchange Friday was dullest in more than two years and values fluctuated narrowly . . . result— prices remained practically un-
changed.
Anarchy and lawlessness apparently follow Nipponese victories in north China. 180,000 former Chinese militiamen, homeless peasants, and professional plunderers are holding out after Japanese eviction of civil officials.
Indiana struck back at Michigan this week for the northern state’s refusal to permit the sale of Hoosier beer there. Monday the state alcoholic beverages commission ordered a ban on importation of Michigan produced beer, whiskey, wine, and malt to this state after March 14.
The commission made clear its intentions to keep the regulation until Michigan’s liquor control commission revoked the order against Indiana beer.
WSGA School Opens
Will Train Sophomores This semester’s sophomore co-ed training school, sponsored by WSGA, will open tomorrow at 4:15 p. m., according to an announcement made by Betty Ann Stewart, president of WSGA.
Approximately 30 co-eds have enrolled in the school, which has been designed to teach women to hold positions of responsibility. Chairman for next year’s WSGA committees will be appointed from this group.
Home E( Students Help CCC Meals
Reports from Chinese sources in Amoy this week indicated that if the city did not surrender to a besieging Nipponese fleet, it would be subjgpted to attack from the air. Chinese civil authorities fear a slaughter will result because the city is not defended by anti-air-craft guns, and only official quarters are provided with dug-outs.
Henry J. Kent, National Labor Relations Board examiner, reported this week that Aladdin Industries, Inc., of Alexandria, violated the Wagner Labor Act in its relation with employees. He recommended payment of back wages for 104 dismissed workers and reinstatement “without prejudice to their seniority or other rights or privileges.”
The senior class in nutrition, under the supervision of Dr. Cecilia Schuck, of the foods and nutrition department in the home economics school, is helping in the planning of well balanced menus for the CCC camp at Monon. The commander of the camp applied to the home economics school for aid in planning these menus and supplied the data upon which the menus are being based.
Spanish rebels halted their push to the sea through loyalist-held East Spain to bury their dead Wednesday. Since last week Franco’s forces have captured 230 square miles of territory around Teruel and 3,000 prisoners.
with Porothy LAMOUR • Joit MALI Mary ASTQR • C, Aubr«y SMITfi jThomai MITCHELL • Raymond MASSi^
ALL WEEK Starting TODAYSunday. February 13. 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Swimmers Fall Before Northwestern Tankmen, 54-30, In Conference Opener
Northwestern’s swimming team defeated the Boilermakers, 50-34, -C yesterday in the first Big Ten meet held in the new Fieldhouse pool and the first conference meet of the season for the Purdue swimmers. With the exception of the two relays, no Northwestern man took part in more than one event. For the Boilermakers, Graham finished second in the 220 yard free style and second in the 440 yard back stroke, for six points. Lahey took second place in the 60 yard free style, third in the 100 yard free style, and swam in the 200 yard relay. Armstrong was the only other man to take part in three events. He came in third in both the 220 yard free style and the 440 yard back stroke, and swam in the 200 yard relay. NU Takes Nine Firsts Starting with the 150 yard medley relay, the Wildcats took first place in each of the nine events. The first race of the afternoon was the closest. Northwestern edging -out the Boilermaker trio in a very even match. Another close event was the diving. Noi-th, for the Purple, finished with 106.2 points in that event, followed closely by '^Wildhack of Purdue, with 106.65.
In the water polo match following the swimming meet, the Wildcat team, made up of the same m^n who tied for the conference championship last year, swamped Coach LaBree’s team, 10.0. The summary of the meet by events: 150 Yard Medley Relay—Won by Northwestern. Time, 1:26.8. 220 Yard Free Style—^Won by Dash, N; Graham, P, second; Armstrong, P, third. Time, 2:26.6. 50 Yard Free Style—^Won by Anderson, N; Lahey, P, second; Fuller, P, third. Time, :24.4. Dives—Won by North, N; Wildhaik, P, second; Green, N, third. 100 Yard Free Style—Won by Wolfson, N; Gray, N, second; Lahey, P, third. Time, :55.4. 150 Yard Back Stroke—Won by Zehr, N; Tredwell, P, second; Toivola, N, third. Time, 1:39.4. 200 Yard Breast Stroke—Won by Smithson, N; Carr, P, second; Van Delester, P, third. Time, 2:48.8. 440 Yard Back Stroke—Won by Ogilby, N; Graham, P, second; Armstrong, P, third. Time, 5:28.6. 200 Yard Relay—Won by Northwestern. Time, 1:38.
Preliminary Military Bouts Start Tuesday Preliminary bouts in the military boxing tournament will be held Tuesday afternoon at 4 p. m. in the Armory, \yith the fights taking place in seven rings. ^ Approximately 126 bouts will take place, each bout consisting of one one-minute round, refereed by junior cadet officers. The weight divisions range from the 116 lb. division to the heavyweight section. The tentative dates for the semi-finals and finals are February 24 and March 8, respectively.
BASKETBALL
Monday Court 1, igney 7:00—Ward 1 or Ward 9 vs. Cary Hall 5 (B). 7:15—Ward 2 or 10 vs.'•Cary Hall 2 (B). 8:25^—Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 8:40—Ward 2x or Ward 11 vs. Cary Hall 1 (B). Court 2, Mann 7:00—Ward 3 or Ward 7x vs. Cary Hall 4 (B). 7:15—Ward 4 or Ward llx vs. Cary Hall 3 (B). ^ 8:25—SAE vs.-Delta Chi. 8:40—Phi Delta Theta vs. Pi Phi Phi. Court 3, Aronson 7:00—Ward 5 or Ward 17 vs. Ward 11a (B). 7:15—Ward 6 or Ward 14 vs. Ward lOx (B).
Arizona U. Needs New Grid Coach; Eyes Noble ECizer From faraway Tucson, Ariz., where Purdue’s grid coach Noble Kizer is wintering, comes news that the University of Arizona ip' casting covetous eyes on the Boilermaker coach. Arizona’s football mentor resigned recently, and the Wildcats are looking for someone to take the job. » From a column in the Tucson News entitled “The Spectator,” appeared the following comment: “It’s surprising how often Noble Ki?ier of Purdue is mentioned. Kizer, a “mule” on Notre Dame’s four horseman eleven of the early twenties, is wintering here. He is on a year’s leave of absence from Purdue. “Downtown quarterbacks swear that Kizer is captivated by the climate and it would be no trouble at all to ‘sell’ him on the proposition of taking over the Wildcats.”
Amelia Earhart’s “Last Flight,” published in December by Har-court-Brace, is having a tremendous sale in the co-ed institutions. Amelia’s mail used to be full of requests from college girls for information on the best way of becoming an aviator.
8:25—Ward 7 vs. Ward 13. 8:40—Ward 12 vs. Ward 8 (B). All of the Ward “B” basketball games are practice games tomorrow.
NOW SHOWING
Wheaton College Defeats Purdue Wrestlers, ^1-11 With a sizeable crowd lobking on, Purdue’s wrestling squad fell, 21-11, before the grapplers from l^eaton College, of Wheaton, 111., yeste:fday afternoon in the Fieldhouse. Wheaton, who has been the Little Nineteen Conference wrestling champion for the past five years, faced stiff opposition from the Boilermakers throughout the aft' ernoon, and the score indicates that Purdue wrestlers have improved since they last met the Wheaton squad, as the score at that time was 26-8 in favor of Wheaton. Wheaton Takes First Two The boys from Wheaton started the meet as if they were going to take the whole Boilermaker squad into camp, as Shiroma of Wheaton, a Hawaiian, pinned Dawson of Purdue in 2:58 and Hess of Wheaton took a close decision from Seiber of Purdue in the first two contests. After the initial two meetings, however, the Boilermakers rallied, and got into the scoring column by taking the next tliree scuffles. Timms of Purdue won a fall over Miller of Wheaton in 2:33, Hoffman of Purdue took a decision from Wheaton’s brilliant captain Pett, and Laderer of the Gold and Blacks won a close decision from Carlson of Wheaton. Bei'ghouse of Wheaton, yet to be defeated this season, was forced to the limit when he was met with stubborn resistance by Gossard of Purdue. Burghouse pinned Gossard rather easily in their previous encounter earlier in the season, but -yesterday Berghouse was forced to wrestle the . full ten minutes to take a decision from the Boilermaker grappler. The results: 188 pound class. Shiroma (W), won fall over Dawson (P)' in 2:58. 126 pound class. Hess (W) won decision over Seiber (P). 135 pound class. Timms (P) won fall over Miller (W) in 2:33.145 pound class Hoffman (P) won decision over Captain Pett (W). 155 pound classTUaderer (P) won decision over Carlson (W). 165 pound class. Berghouse (W) won decision over Gossard (P). 175 pound class. Butler (W) won fall over Willey (P) in 7:18. No class or weight. Hansen (W), 190, won fall over Tyrell (P), 166, in
2:48.
Refbree—^Trenkle.
Exponent Staff All associate editors, and as many sophomore workers as care to participate, will meet in the Exponent main office Sunday, February 13, at 2 p. m., to revise style sheet. —Manion, Brock.
\/:‘t
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday'# Februory 13# 1330
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS —Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
ROOMMATE WANTED — Private home. Near campus. Twin beds, $10.-56824.
WANTED—Apartment by two students. Must have cooking facilities. Call Greenfield at 5754.
LOST — Silver .cigarette case with initials H.G.N. $5.00 reward. Phone 5071. Newhall.
FOR RENT—Garage. $2.50 per month. Telephone 2648. 215 Chauncey avenue, W. Lafayette
VERSATILE MUSICIAN—Interested in round voyage on Normandie next summer call Chuck Coe, 5734, Sunday at 12 or 6.
FOR RENT—Student room adjoining bath. Corner State and Grant. 401 State St.
Fiends To Shoot Dress Rehearsal Candid camera fiends will be in their element tonight at their special preview of Playshop’s new masterpiece, “I’ll Marry The Actress,” in Fowler Hall at 6 p. m. The- box office will be open this afternoon from 1:30 to 4 to give the “click artists” their last chance to get tickets and passes. According to G. D. Williams, the photographers will be free to comb the entire theater — make-up tables, dressing rooms, back-stage narrows, and all other conceivable places from which candid pictures may be snapped. Mock, Carmichael Record New Song “I’ll Marry The Actress,” new song from the current Playshop production of the same name, written by Dramatics Director Kenn Carmichael and John Dietrich, was recorded in the faculty lounge yesterday afternoon. Pianist Russ Mock played the accompaniment and Carmichael did the lyrics. Benny Burns introduced the
WANTED — Two students to share 2-room apt. in Varsity Apts. Call 61413.
Of Thee I Sing:: Rehearsal for principals and all choruses except show girls in tower room of Union at 3 p m. February —WORCESTER. PSA Members: All interested in attending the theater party meet in west lounge of Union February 13 at 6 :30 p. m. —MIRKIN. Camera Club: Will the committee chairmen please meet with me in room B of the Union at 4:16 Februai*y 14 —WILLIAMSON
Alpha Phi Omega Pledges: Obtain your wooden keys from me at the Phi Kappa hoi^e any tiihe after 1 p, m, February 13. Bring 20 cents for keys. —PANDEL.
Scrivener: Meeting February 13 at 7 p. m. at 232 Wood street. Bring manuscripts. —FELUMAN.
Sophomore Union Workers: Will the following sophomores please meet in the workshop of the Union at 4 p. m. February 14 to work on Scabbard and Blade decorations: Williamson. DeMars, Richardson, Rice, Hallett, Lynch, Cooper, Hruby, Hartman. —HARPER, CABONARGI. Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in room A of the Union Building at 4:16 p. m. February 16. —WINTER.
WBM
(Continued from page 1)
grams now originating here will continue to originate from- the University campus. The regular routine, with such modifications as are necessary, will be followed. Present University studios would probably be retained. The state station would have much greater coverage and power than WBAA now has. The conferring group will meet again Thursday, and some definite action may be taken then.
song to Purdue students at the Interfraternity Ball Friday night. Maestro Masters introduced the number and on the second' time over, his orchestra picked up the air. The recordings will be used to supply the musical background for pulling of the curtain in the Playshop production this week in which Burns takes the lead role. 'Hormones'—Subject Of Leiihty's Talk To Dames Dr. John A. Leighty, of the Eli Lilly Laboratories, will speak to the Purdue Graduate Dames and their husbands on sex hormones Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in room 106 in the Chemistry Building. Dr. Leighty received his doctor’s degree at Purdue in biological chemistry under Dr. R. C. Corley in I9I36. After receiving his degree, he went direct to the Eli Lilly,Laboratories to do research in hormones. Mrs. E. C. Miller, president of the club, invites all those interested to attend.
CHILDREN’S CLASSES OPEN BALLET
and
TAP
SOCIAL DANCING CLASSES
Dancing is one of the most important social requirements
ADULT BEGINNERS’ CLASS OPENS WED., FEB. 16, 7:30 p. m.
SAT., FEB. 19 To Experienced Dancers Phone 2150 EN'ROLL IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS FRIDAY, FEB. 18 ATT UIVT’C Sixth and Ferry
J.I/jJ. 1 Cajl or Phone 2150
Don't Worry
dtiii Lam time to wire flowers to ijoar \Jalentine. ^ust iet as know, ^iov'ai 527 one 5432
collegiate corner
A great surgeon once said to his students: “A man will bleed to death from a severed caratoid artery in three minutes. You can tie this artery in two minutes if you are not in a hurry.” Singing, shouting colltge students in Denver hired their driver to stay sober for them. When a police officer questioned him he said, “They hired me to drive as long as the party lasted. I’m working my way through college for fellow students who like to drink.” * * * The National Collegiate Athletic Association heard recently a prominent educator declare it is impos-
sible to elipiinate commercialism in college athletics. Dr. John J. Tigerl, president of I’ the University of Florida, told delegates to the annual N. C. A, A. convention he had concluded “prohibition of emoluments to athletes is as impossible as prohibition of the consumption of intoxicating liquors.”
PATRONIZE
EXPONENT
ADVERTISERS
Service Directory
Bookstores
"DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER SOUTHWORTirS Everything for the Purdue Student
PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BISK DB. HAROLD 3. RISK DR. ROBERT G. BISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
— Dine — MuuJbfk. DINE DANCE AFTERNOON and EVENING U, S. 52 at Lindbergh Road
Have Your BEST MEAL at the NU CHINA CAPE 409 Columbia —>• Locksmith ~~ F. Jos. Mnlhanpt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key und lock aetrifio our epeciulty. L. Ck N. Door Closer Dbtributora 208-211 N. 5th St, Phone 2828
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN SERVICE
~’'OBice StaUoneiy . . Wedding Invitation*
PHONE - Sales Book,. Etc. 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
Florisi —-
^jth J'jto’uAi Inc. ess Main St. in Luna Theatre Phone 7955—8050 — Furniture — Student Equipment J'WmiJtwui Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728 - - ^ . , ,, .,1 Beauty Studio ->■- ~ • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - FriKIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727