r ■ 'A
Tttl^ne $ Okbho^d
m tttkiittfiM sfete-ti. If M!«iit9srfc:]r~i:r:..40 f^Miii™:..:::.:..« NofraD^0.rm.2o t ..7 Mar<mette .7 Pitfsburgh ..i .10 Holy Cross 0 {5eorgisT«eh— 0
i,mf
SPORTS Anolhef Open Fool'ball Om He'ld Tomorrow
0uAdi4j^^X/pXUie4ii
EOITORIAL Editor Frowns Upon tffil Rougli Initiation System
Volume 53, No. 31
West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, October 12, 1941
Rear Admiral Byrd To Tell About Antarctic Tomorrow
Explorer Will Discuss Recent Expedition TQ Little America At Music Hall Lecture Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd will appear on the stage of the Music Hall tomorrow afternoon and evening for a scheduled lecture, illustrated with motion pictures, on his second Antarctic expedition. The afternoon performance starts at 1:30 and is being held especially for the grade, junior high and high school students who will be admftted for the special price of 20 cents. Many schools throughout the county will be dismissed Monday afternoon in order that the ______________________ students may attend the lecture.
Program Starts At 8
The evening program starts at 8 and the scheduled 60-cent price will prevail. Adult tickets will be honored at the afternoon show, but the specially priced school tickets will
not be accepted at night.
Byrd, who is widely known as an explorer and writer, has claimed much of the land at the bottom of the world for the United States, and since returning last winter from his second trip to the Antarctic, he has been on a lecture tour. He was the first man to fly over both the north and south poles and the first to penetrate the frozen Antarctic twice. Utilizing airplanes, he explored lands never before seen
by human beings. Byrd To Use Films
In his lecture Admiral Byrd will describe the voyage down, the rebuilding of Little America, the
Rev. Bernard F. Hubbard To Lecture ♦ At Convocation This Afternoon At 3
Noted "Glacier Priest' Will Talk
Stabbard And Blade ^ * AA d *
Will Organize Units Louniry Nwfl D6dt in Music HallOnExplorations
For Army AirCorps lU On Enemy Course
Boilermakers Shatter Precedent As Stock Rises In Conference Scramble
into an unresponsive mike while Jim Hobson, sound effects man, slammed doors through which no one passed. Interesting technicalities pertinent to broadcasting were evidenced as the program pro-
hardships encountered While they guessed,
were there and the trip home. He „ h^^',&,G00 feet of film to illustrate Varieties was present-
his story. According to Byrd, the Antarctic bverwhelmed him with the power of its unlimited silence which filled the air and hypnotized him in much the same manner as a steady familiar sound like the roar of a waterfall. This is but one illustration of the many interesting stories and personal experiences to be related tomorrow in the Music
Hall.
The Lions Club of Lafayette is sponsoring the lecture and the net proceeds will be used for work among the blind and sight conser>vation work. Tickets are available from any member of the Lions Club or at Decker’s, Deac Reisner’s, Southworth’s, the Union and through the public schools, d.e.b. Sol berg Will Present Paper on Corrosion At Kentucky Session Prof. H. L. Solberg, head of the School of Mechanical Engineering, Prof. G. A. Hawkins, David Utley, president of the student branch of ASME, and Kenneth W. Shaw, secretary, will attend the ASME meeting in Louisville, Ky., which starts today and continues until next Wed-
nesday.
Professor Solberg will present a paper "Corrosion of Unstressed Steel Specimens and Various Alloys by High Temperature Steam” prepared ,by Dean A. A. Potter, Pro-
Studio Group Sees WBAA Trial Radio Show, 'East Lynne' studio audiences watched a dramatic production from the new WBAA studios in the Music Hall at 1 p. m. yesterday, when “Radio Stage” presented the renowned “East Lynne.” Observers were permitted to
watch the actors speak their Air Corp the student has to pass lines without action or scenery the required physical examination,
but those who fail to qualify physically may work as ground crew
workers as as engineeis.
Cadets are paid $75 per month plus a dollar per day for subsistence. When they have completed the six month’s training they are then commissioned as second lieutenants
ed at 3:30 p. m. and was also open in the Air Corps Reserve, to visitors. Bill Stewart, master of Previously the War Department ceremonies, conducted an hour’s taken charge of the forming of
Students May Obtain Flying Cadet Training Scabbard and Blade, national military fraternity, has announced that it will sponsor Purdue Aviation Unit number one and as many subsequent units, consisting of 20 men each, that can be organized before October 28, when the examfmng
board will arrive on the campus.
The principal reason for forming these units is to give non-advanced course ROTC students a chance to qualify for commissions as Reseive
officers in the U. S. army.
The requiiements are that the candidates must be between 20 and 26 years of age, and they must have two years of college credits or take an educational examination. To become a flying cadet in the Army
By Ted Clark
BLOOMINGTON, Ind., Oct. 10. — “Fve been waiting five years for this,” said Boilermaker track coach Herman Phillips this morning as the last man crossed the finish line of the tricky Indiana cross country course, for Captain Ed Holderman and six other Riveters had just beaten lU, 24-32, for the first
time in at least fifteen years.
Coach Phillips is not certain un-
til he consults the records, but is of the opinion that this is the first time in history that a Gold and Black distance team has turned in the trick against their down state rivals.
Beat ’Em At Best
Indiana has consistently been up among the best and have been Na-
Speech Contest Holds Eliminations To Pick Finalists On Tuesday
Rev. Bernard R. Hubbard, the “Glacier Priest,” widely known lecturer and explorer will speak before a University convocation this afternoon at 3 p. m, in the Music HalL Father Hubbard will describe his experiences during his ventures into Alaskan territory under the title, “Oomiak Adventures in Arc-
tic Alaska.”
Father Hubbard, field geologist at Santa Clara University, will tell the story of his fourteenth Alaskan expedition here ____________________ enroute to the East, having spoken
Friday in Reno, Nevada and yester-
day in Chicago.
Equipment Described In his talk. Father Hubbard will describe the special equipment used by his party in combating the natural obstacles to travel in ice-bound
Alaskan waters.
Agricultural Forum
Increases Number Of Farm Programs New Power of WBAA Increases Audience
There will be a reception for Father Hubbard after the Convocation at 4:30 p. m. in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. The reception will give all students and faculty members an opportunity to
Aided by the recent increase in power to 5,000 watts of station
tional Champions upon several oc- WBAA, the daily Agricultural For- meet the famous Arctic explorer. Re casions. Before the meet it was which originates from the Agri- freshments will be served, and
Fifbeenth annual Albeit J. Bever- thought that Fred Wilt, and Paul Experiment Station, now everyone is invited to attend,
idge Speech Contest will get under Kendall, two lU’ers who carry the ^®^^bes hundreds of farnmr list^ers
i;..v.>c. oViovo throughout the Hoosier State. Corn-
way this Tuesday afternoon with ® share of their team s success, ... ,, gurvevs of eliminations to choose the seven fin- "^t fot the meet. However, ^ P d sur eys of
alists. The elimination lound will be
entertainment featuring the orchestra of Maury Mahn and a dramatic skit including Becky Ann Pervine, Charlie Powell, and Fred Conger. “Visitors are always welcome,” said Fred Conger, production man-
ager.
Certain programs have been opened especially to visitors. These include the bands of Carl Hedburg on Tuesday, Irv Given, Wednesday, and Maury Mahns at 9 p. m. Little Theater of Lafayette presents a dramatic production every other
Friday at 9 p. m.
these units, but this year Scabbard and Blade had taken charge of the publicity. For full information regarding these units apply to any member of Scabbard and Blade or at the Adjutant’s office in the Arm-
ory. r.e.f.
held at 4 p. m. in room 301 of University Hall. Finals will be the following Tuesday. The contest, sponsored by the University Forensic Board, is open to all freshmen, both organized and unorganized. Entries must be delivered to room 386 of the Union before the deadline which is 5 p. m. tomorrow. Two awards are offered, one for the winning man, and one for the or-
The craft in which he and hia company completed the historle
Coach Billy Hayes’boys were at full agricultural specialists in Indiana, 2,000-mile voyage which vrfU be the strength. It did the Riveters a world Forum gives an interesting and subject of Rev. Hubbard’s talk, was of good to beat Indiana and beat program to its listeners from oomiak, ancient eskimo boat haVthem at their best. Monday through Friday at 12 noon, jug the general lines of a scow, con— Only one of the seven man victor- Sample Directs Programs structed of walrus-hide. During tjbfl ious team, namely. Captain Holder- The programs are under the di- past summer. Rev. Hubbard brought man, is a senior. Darrel Roach is a rection of Glenn W. Sample, assist- a new innovation into the field of junior and the rest are sophomores, unt in extension information at Pur- tour of Alaskpn waters in a powerWilt Compensates Losers due, and have been presented to far- arctic travel with his experimental Fred Wilt took first place with mers since February, 1934, when T. ful speedboat of heavy hull constfcnc* the excellent time of 16:49.4 fol- B- Johnston, publicity director, in- tion. While slightly less seawoz^p lowed closely by Holderman with augurated" the first program of a than the outbroad motor propeHc^ 16:59.5. Don Kemp ran one of the bi-weekly series. In 1936 the sched- oomiak, the new boat was adjudged best races of his career and came in ule was increased to three times a to be far superior for explotatidu
third with 17:18.3. He was followed week, and now the program will be use.
ganization having the highest num-
bei of points. To the winner will go jjy ’Woody Appleton, who presented five days each week, the Hays trophy, a silver loving cup jjj excellent form. Two lU men Outstanding Speakers Coming awarded for peimanent possession game in next, closely followed by Since 1937 a direct wire has been by the Hays Jewelry Company of cbarlie Duesler and Keith Me- used during the Indiana State Fair Lafayette. The high scoring 01 gan- Laughlin. Indiana sophomore Ben- in order to broadcast farm programs ization will receive the Ankeny cup, gj^art, and his mate Price headed the from the fairgrounds. The programs which must be won for three sue- Riveters’ last finisher, Darrel Roach, which are planed four months be-
. . - - cessive years before it becomes the Roach, incidentally, has a twin fore the broadcast, feature men who Beginning Monday, October 20, its first meeting Tuesday, Oct. 14, property of the organization. Cary brother, Don ell who is a frosh cross rank high in their respective occuat 8 p. m., a new series of programs at 7:30 p. m. in ^mith Hall, Room Hall West has won the cup for the gountry prospect at the Hoosier in- pations. During October outstand- ^ " "" 108. The guest speaker will be Dr. last two years and by winning this gtitution. ing delegates to the vaiious agricul-
yeai can add the cup to their trophy ^ice Going, Fred! tural conferences held on the camcollection permanently. Fred Kinder ran a good race and pus will be interviewed, and staff The speakei s should choose for should be congratulated for his members of the Agricultural Experitheir subjects some national prob- spirit, for the lad ran the gruelling ment Station or Agricultural Exlem or up-to-the-minute question of race despite a painful aich and in- tension will present audience distoday. Five minutes will be allowed step injury. Coach Phillips was not cussions on horticulture, poultry,
introduce the faculty and upper- for each speech. Some appropriate aware of Kinder’s condition until livestock, drainage and other inter-
class members. Refreshments will material for the talks has been the race was over. Kinder, like the esting topics.
be served. All freshmen and upper- placed on reserve at the library, and remainder of the squad, was so anx- ^ gf monthly programs will
conberning the histoiy of the uni versity will be opened by President
Elliott.
Alpha Chi Rho , . . . social fiaternity, is honoring Controller R. B. Stewart, national president of the fraternity, and Auditor W. A. Bodden, national edi
Dairy Club To Hear Albjerg At Meeting Dairy Club, an organization for dairy husbandry students, will hold
V. L. Albjeig of the history, economics, and government department. He will speak on “World Review.” The purpose of the meeting is to acquaint the freshmen with the activities of the Dairy Club and to
Records Held The “Glacier Priest” is the hoIdeZ of two “world’s records” as a result of his extended trip in the oomiak. He is credited with having made t^fi longest open-ocean voyage 'with outboard propulsion and the longfst voyage in an oomiak. He is ^tso credited with disappointing the Coast Guard, who were qiute sure when he embarked that they would be called upon to rescue his party. Students will be admitted to th* convocation as usual, upon presbptation of their passports. Townspeople will be required to pay the usual fifty-five cents admission price at the door, r.l.h.
afternoon.
attend, s.b.
souices which they wish. s.b.
else was forgotten.
tor at a tea from 4 to 6 p. m. this class dairy students aie invited to the contestants may use any other lous to trample the rivals that all be sent to county^ agricultural Heads Of SchOOlS
Announce Senior Interview Changes
Playshop To Open 1941 - 42 Season
agents, farmers’ institute speakers, and members of the listening aud-
ience upon request, r.e.f.
By John Goll
“Three Men on a Horse,” heralded on the Great White Way as a shining success, opens for a four
fessor Solberg and Professor Haw- day run at Fowler Hall, the home kins. of Playshop, on Wednesday even-
This paper presents the results October 15. of several years of research work Screwball Comedy
in the corrosion of metals subjected “sciewball” comedy ran to temperatures of 1,000 to 1,400 de- consecutively for two years on grees Fahrenheit and pressures up Broadway and was brought here to 1,600 pounds per square inch, through the efforts of Professor
Carmichael and W. L. Deam, Playshop’s director and associate director respectively. Believing that the Purdue audience would be appreciative of a wealth of fun and entertainment, they have made every attempt to reproduce this play in its humorous entirety, taking advantage of every opportunity to emphasize the comical parts. As if to make it a unanimous concensus of opinion that “Three Men on a Horse” is a first rate play, Eddie Cantor is now working on a musical version which will appear on Broadway some time this fall.
Life of Gamblers
In the horseracing world there is never a dull moment, and “Thiee Men on a Horse” gives 'excellent proof of this fact. Taking place in a Bowel y hotel and a suburban New
iation Cadet Units at the Univer- Jersey home, the play brings to light sity. The committee includes Prof, many of the elements conti oiling F. C. Hockema, chairman, Lt. Col. the lives of the gamblers who live E. H. Hicks, G. S. Meikle, Prof. H. and die by the creed of the track. L. Solberg, and Mr. W. E. Vogler, Shown in the picture taken from
r.e.f.
Members of Newman Club fo Hear Dr. Smith Today Newman Club, organization for Catholic students, will hold the second of their regular monthly breakfasts this morning in St. Mary’s Auditorium immediately after the 9:30 mass. Dr. A. A. Smith of the sociology department will speak briefly on “A Christian Personal-
ity.”
President Elliott . . . announces the faculty com-
mitted for the organization of Av-
a scene at the Lavillere hotel are three of the prominent characters who assist in molding the simple but enjoyable plot of the play. In the center stands Patsy who is in leality an overgrown kid but who because of his environment possesses a hard-boiled attitude.
All Beauty; No Brains
Patsy's gill, Mabel, is one of the
CE,PSE Seniors Begin 6-Day Inspection Trip To Northern Indiana
Annual senior civil and public service engineering inspection trip will be held this week with a six-day trip to the noithern end of the state and to Chicago. The group, made up of 41 Civils and 21 P.S.E.’s accom-
numerous girls with a pretty fig- panied by Dean Knapp, Prof. P. E. the faculty with the details of ure and no brains who gets a chance Soneson and Prof. C. A. Ellis, will program and to aid them in fiat to work in the follies and because leave the campus tomorrow morn- an active part in assisting the senof lack of talent is soon left by the ing by bus for the Universal Atlas iors to get the right job. Through
Heads of the Engineering and Science schools and their school personnel representatives have adopted a new senior interviewing procedure, according to an announcement received from W. B. Vogler, head of the Personnel department. This procedure is designed to give maximum service to both the visiting industrial concerns and
the seniors.
Meetings have been held in each school to acquaint the members of
wayside. Because this type of girl always loves life and is too dumb to hold down even an ordinary job, her only choice is to drift along on
the suiface of life.
Timid Eiwin pictured with racing form in hand leally has nothing to do with lacing life. Just because he has the luckless gift of being able
Cement Co. at Buffington. The rest of Monday’s program includes lunch at the Gary Y. M. C. A. and an afternoon visit to the American
Bridge Co. Plant.
On Tuesday the group will inspect the Hammond water works, and the South Chicago Works of the Carnegie-Illinois Steel Co. Wednes-
meetings in their individual schoolst interviews with faculty membo^ and carefully prepared instructions^ the seniors have been informed of
the new procedure.
Any senior who did not attend one of the explanatory meetings shoul see the head of his school or the personnel representative, who
prognosticate the outcome of day’s program will be taken up with will supply him with the necessaf-v
races, and just because he happens to get diunk while in the vicinity of a couple of gamblers, he meets with what proves to bq a very try-
ing episode in his life.
Better Than Ever
To say that this initial production of the season is rated as highly as any play Playshop has ever pro-
meetings, discussions and a banquet information,
at the Palmer House. An inspection of the South Central clearing yards and a Chicago subway will be con-
ducted Thursday.
Friday will be spent with a visit to the Southwest sewage disposal plant and a trip on the Chicago Riv-
Union Tq Offer Second Tea Dance On Tuesday Student Union will give thft second of its bi-monthly series <*f
er to look at nuraeious vaiieties of dances this Tuesday afteritooa from
duced is merely a statement of fact, movable bridges. The group will le- 4 to 5:30 in the north boiHronim qf Even to those people who are not turn to the campus on Saturday af- the Union. Mpsic will be consistent theater-goei s “Three ter visiting a filtration plant and the cot dings of hit tunes b/tlm Men on a Horse” has provided a Museum of Science and Industry, try’s most popular bands. high degiee of amusement. d.e.b. will be admitted free. a;b!
r.mm.
Sift®®
gggi
£&
ri-ilj
Sk
Li-ia.
/ **/■’* , %f '' \
uA^ ^ir^ Ji\ >(,
M
iEl:
i'nii'in;tl?fii^inii^i''fe
iMi
rt>' \''4\V‘~
It
By IliBew.JPearson attd Robert S. Allen
jr ‘ ' r% ■ ■ I ■ ij?' Ttt ■ ■ 1-"' In Behalf Of tiaramea^msh
$icretary tekes Charges J^fe Itiia? Backs Out f ^ 1-^*" WASHINGTON, D. C., Oct. 12.— Secretary of the Interior Ickes has just i^ritten a bot, personal letter’ to Secretary of Commerce Jones. In it; he brings up a question of good faith on a big public power project in the Pacific Northwest. However, the incident is far more important than merely a personal row between cabinet officers, for it focuses attention upon a significant change inside the New Deal. After Woodrow Wilson, entered the World War, his progressive i-eforms W«nt overboard. Now it looks as if some of Roosevelt’s were going the same way. A few short years ago, Roosevelt fought a bitter Supreme Court battle over the right of Oreenwood County, S. C., to borrow money from the federal governinent to build a public power project at Buzzard’s Roo.st. This was opposed by the Duke Power Company. But now, Jesse Jones has put his foot down on the tflan of varipus counties in thd State of Washington to borrow money from the Government to buy up four big private power companies and transform them into a public-owned power system- Jesse says he won’t lend the money. Most significant thing is that Jess.e appears to have changed his mind overnight. This is the charge „ made against him by Secretary Ickes, in his scorching letter. ■ What happened was that last summer the representatives of the various public utility districts in Washington State, came to Washington, H. C., arid the President appointed a'‘ committee consisting of Jesse Jongs, Ickes, and Chairpian Eicher of the SEC to work out a plan to aequii’e the following four power companies: Puget Sound Powep and Light, Pacific Power and Light, Washington Water Power, and Northwestern Electric. They were to be hooked up with government electi'icity from Grand Coulee and Bonneville Dam to make one vast public power system for Washing-
ton.
[esse Changes Mind And one year ago, on August 13, 1940, Eihil S.ehram, then chairman of the RFC, informed the Washington representatives that “no insurmountable difficulties” lay in the tvay of a loan. They wanted between 175,000,000 and $1,000,000,000. However, Schram later resigned from the RFC, and when the Washington representatives came to see Jesse Jones a short time ago, he told them no money would be forthcoming until legislation was passed by Congress: He also said there was a “side agreement” with the Interior Department, at the time Schram made his promise, that the Washington public power plan would not be pushed. It was at this point that Mr. Ickes wrote to his cabinet colleague: “This statement that I or my .staff entej;ed into a ‘side agreement’ amounts to a charge that I have not dealt in good faith with the Public Utility District representatives. No ‘sidp agreement’ of any nature waS ever made. I do not jnake side agreements. My cards are always on the
• „ emment agdricy had to pay:ji2,000 . ' a • month 'for’ another agency’s ' squeeze'against the Germaris.
^ V I’'1'’ ■ Justice D'epartmerit ' hopes the
For many :^€ars the subject of freshman solepurpose of dodging this fyp^ of ireatmentr Treasury Department will'relent hazing has been a controversial one on this When they did'not remove t^eir black marks, t +• r, a +• campus. The fratfernity men have argued that the iipperclassmeh ephclude'd that they hkd ' a.l 'of of
they should be all6we.d to treat'th'^irpiyd^es ■* " ... . -
as they pleased^'While "the tJhikersity h^s attempted to curb sUch activities by regulating road trips and confining “pledge training” to the fraterntiy premises. Three years ago the University recognized hell week by restricting tests for freshmen during that period, but last spring they made no such recognition. However, some of the ihore pirogressive fraternities have abolished the paddle, hell weOk, and rough initiation, and throughout all' of the Greek letter organizations there has been a gradual dte-ehiphasis of pledge hazing. As a result, many, have begun to believe that at last'4hese activities were dying a natural
death.
However, a series of incidents has taken place during the last few weeks that throws this subject into an entirely different light. At the beginning of the semester-the Gary Club members adopted a set of rules and regVilations for the Cary Hall freshmen in an attempt to acquaint the newcomers with the Halls arid the men living there. A black mark system was also adopted; non-obsenvance of the regulations was to be penalized by black marks, which were to be removed by doing minor jobs. Naturally many of the freshmen, feeling that no one had the right to tell them what ,tb do, failed to obey the rules. In fact, some of them had stayed out of fraternities for the
the “Wtang attitude,” And’/hihbffiGially’^'u^d both Gerriiahs and Italdkns,- so-much. the paddle di a',hieahs‘of fe'hfbrcemehf' This so that tnany doh't want 4o leave unofficial adfeion reached .a dlimak brie night the internment camps for home, last week when several freshmen werie taken ^ Grandpa Green a short distance out of West Lafayette, , pad- the. AFL convention in^ Seattle was died, and forced to walk home. This constitutes: carefully kept from reporters. It a road’tripj and under, the University Code of was put over by William Green and Ethics the Dean of Men’s office must be noti- partly explains why he Avas able to fifed “ten days prior to the date set fom the insure; hm 18th .consemitive re-elec-
' tion—without opposition.
■ T’ . , ■ . Three months ago Green had ' Cary Hall'has'taken part in an ever increas- gcave misgivings about his prosing number of athletic, speech, and scholastic pects, chieflybecause of strong hoscpritests, which in the past have included only tildy toward him in. the powerful
fraternities. Now the men of Cary Club have decided that they'shall further copy the frair ternities by using their “questionable” methods of freshman discipline. Instead of the hppbd^for decrease in hazing, there is now a sudden increase because of the Cary Hall ac-
tivities.
In the past pledge treatment has been a controversy entirely ,between the University and the fraternity group, but now, unless the Halls take steps to stamp out the “unofficial” actions, it will become' an all-campus problem. Many schools have foundjt necessary to enfprce hazing regulations; Purdue i's fortunate in that it has never been forced to adopt such
ing bloc in the AFL.
Building trade.s leaders are riled at Green for his, close tie Avith. the small AFL clique led by Matthew Woll, Avealthy head of the engravers’ union. This clique has been sniping at the President’s defense labor policies, and the building trades, hearty supporters of these policies, Avere- so resentful of Green that they ser-’ iously discussed plans to oust him. Nothing came of the plans, however, because they couldn’t agree aipong theniselves on a
candidate.
It finally was decided to wait an-
Service IWily —-’‘’I"" ^ . pKehargdd from St. Elizabeth Hospital- Thursday were E. H. Schwenker, freshman engineer, R. P’. Smith, sophtoore chemical enginr eer, I. A. Kolber, junior mechanical engineer, and C. J. Swift, graduate student. June Moore, sophomore home economics student was discharged from Hqme Hospital Thurs-
day.
C. E. Bower, freshman engineer, D. C. Warren, senior chemical engineer, and J. P. Frey, freshman engineer, were entered in St. Elizabeth hospital for medical p’eatment. W. Y. Moffat, sophomore mechanical engineer, entered ^t. Elizabeth Hospital Friday for surgical treatment.
ingenious announcement: “I plan to retire from dlfice Ayhen I am 70.” Green figured wisely that the convention would not. oust an official who has let it be knoWn that he intends to retire. Since hg is 68, this means that he is certain to remain president for two more terms. Building trades leaders are bitterly admitting that there isn’t much- they can do about if.: ' (Copyright, 1941, by United Fear ture Syndicate, Inc.)
Pi A Chorus Enrolls New Misn; Will Mold
First '4t
PIA- Men’s Uh.o?us AVill etirdll’aJ»y atfernopp,^ this betwee^ 4i;fo and 5:39. rhemberig for fhe-^piiijirig year at the PI'A office. The ChofTfis is open to any full-time independerit student. : . . . ” 'Twenty-three placgs are members in the chorus. TenofS Are especially wanted. The first iriteet-^', irig of the chorus will be hel4; Tuesday, at 7:3.fi p. tn, 19 rootri -807:
qf the Union.
Dr. J. A. Pierce of Hai’vq®^ ve-’ ports that Avhen, a mptp.pr pr, shooting stars passes through thfr aftttpsv-' phere many miles above the ground it leayes behind, it a trail of brjOkeri at,om@ which' may . last foS iinany. minutes. • ' / 1
' Pine: m m m mmCH<^W CM€I«, SUtY 409 Columbia Si.
rules applying to the whole campus. However, other year, and then lay for Green it may now become necessary to do so. The at the 1942 convention,
best solution would be to completely abolish
all such activities.
table. We sought a commitment in thin air. The giants never got a good faith, and assurances were chance to tangle, given, I am absolutely sure, in good At the last minute three big infaith. surance companies banded together “I am loathe to believe that you and quietly walked off with the have taken the position that you do prize. They submitted a hid for the not have legal power to air this fin- bond issue that was $750,000 better ancing, particularly in the light of than that of Morgan, Stanley and the commitment made by Chairman about $1,400,000 more than Halsey,
Schram as long ago as August 13,
1940.” .
Meel The Duchess! The National Women’s Press Club doesn’t know it, but it had three uninvited guests at its reception for the Duke of Windsor and his glamorous Wallie. The gate-crashers were the wives of three Washington policemen assigned to guard the fanfared party. The party was elaborately protected. Policemen swarmed all over the hotel where it was held to keep out intruders. But this was ho problem to the three young police wives. With the aid of their husbands they entered the hotel through the kitchen entrance and then were wangled upstairs to the reception hall where they calmly joined the line of guests, and shook hands Avith Eddie and
Wallie.
Wall Street Coup
This is the story of a great Wall Stj'cet melee that didn’t come off—and why. Also it is an illuminating commentary on what competitive bidding, so violently opposed by the big boys, is doing in the way of putting money in the pockets of stock-
holders.
When, mighty American Telephone & Telegraph Company broke a 35-year-tie with J. P. Morgan & Company, and announced it Avould offer a $90,QQ0,000- bond issue at competitive bidding. Wall Street stormed the grandstands to watch, a battle of the century. Two great financial giants lost no time in squar-
ing off for the slugfest.
Stuart offered. That is, A. T. & T. by offering its bonds on the open market got $760,000 more than Morgan, Stanley would have paid and $1,400,000 more than Halsey, Stuart. Slowly recovering from the shock of this unprecedented coup. Wall Street has been painfully reviewing its implications. For one thing the deal indicates that henceforth the insurance companies, previously the principal customers of investment bankersi noAV are their chief competitors. Another, that the bankers are out of luck in getting any future high-grade bond issues to sell, if the insurance companies decide to buy them. The insurance companies have huge sum!’! to invest, are urgently in need of profitable avenues of investment, and they demonstrated that they don’t need middlemen to find the investments for them. It looks like it’s going to be tough pickings for the big boys from noAV
on.
Scary Generals
A high General Staff officer re-
turning from the recent big Louisiana Avar games Avas asked Avhat he thought of the showing of the field generals of the Second and Third
Armies. This was his reply: “Some were very good, but others
reminded me of the story told about t’ne Duke of Wellington. He had a revleAV of his generals and afterwards remarked, ‘It may be that they do scare the enemy, but there
One was Morgan, Stanley and thing I am certain of about
month applied to the Treasury for $12,00 of frozen funds for the 430 seamen, and each month the application has been granted. But a month ago, as part of a .scheme to put pressure on the German government, the Treasury denied the application, and the problem arose of hoAV to feed 450 sailors. If the German government Avas not to be permitted to feed them, it Avas obvious thi.s government Avould have to do it, or let them starve. Finally, the Justice Department, whose Immigration and Naturalization Service has jurisdiction over the men, decided to put up the money. So the result was that one cov-
However, he is bent on holding on to his $25,000 job next year as well a.s at this convention, and quietly pulled a fast play to insure this. When AFL officials were assembling in Seattle for the convention. Green called together a few of his pals on the Gxpeutive council and made this
LOOK FOR THIS SIGN
IT MEANS OUALITY At LOWEK PRICES john Sperb Hdwe. 822-24 Mala St.
DANGER—SlUfE a; Pm; tho Winhet ' ” j. P. WAYNE COAL C0. ZOlBrowDbSt Phone 5.702 !
Everything for a College Education
DEAL’S
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS —• 400-404 Schutz Bldg. 4th .md ’Main St. Lafayette
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
RYTEX PERSONAL STATIONERY
llniverslty Bool Store Acrofis form Union “R«fl** Sammons ’29 “Doc*** Epple MO
TObAY-MQN.^f Httjj X WOMAM WHO nsfiSH CONVENnOHI
'jechnlcolor'sGreatest ■tove Stoiyl Wil
TRY THIS ONE TODAY!? Miik-Fed Chicken simmered in butter to a golden crisp. Candied sweet potatoes,, stsv/ed corn, cole slaw, rolls arid butter. OPEN 6 A. M, till n P.M. TOM’S EEST'AURANT .’501 UniverBity Street
Co., off-shoot of J. P. Morgan and Co., an arch-enemy of competitive bidding. The other vras Halsey Stuart and Co., potent Chicago investment bankers who have been vigorous supporters of the bidding idea. . Both groups organized nationwide syndicates to.bid for the rich A. T. & T. issue,, and high-powered staffs of experts worked day and night behind closed doors on plans and figures. Then, suddenly, every^ thing Avent blooie and the battle of the giants that Wall Street awaited with bated breath evaporated in
them. "They sure scare hell out of
me’.”
Interned Germans By an odd quirk of government bureaucracy, the U. S. A. is making the German Government a present of $12,000 a month. It costs that much money to maintain the 450 German seamen from the scuttled S. S. Columbus, now interned in a cgmp in New Mexico. The German government' used to foot the bill, but now they don’t — because we won’t let them. - Until recently, the German Embassy in Washington each
SHE WAS A,.WONDERFUL SWEETOEART BUT A TERR6BLE ENEMY! ,
ELIZABETH PAfTERSON CHILL WILLS LOUISE BEAVERS
MARS
Now Playing
ARC
SUNDAY - MONDAY
--AND—'
ALSO
COLORED CARTOON
mnvYiiiWFWgla, SAMUa S. HIHPS
ALSP
^jtUidwL £xpomnt
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3. 1947, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Mondgy during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session, Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4,00, Snorts Staff Edltor-ln-Chlef Ned A. Ochiltree „ News Editor.......; John L. Traugott EdItor............„..... Phil C. Johniwn Businew Manager :..... Don 8. Powers Aasociate Editora: O. f. Clark, J. D. Iraser, J. S. Keeler.
Publication Staff Managing Editor Leland TV. BuBner Aasociate Editors: J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy. E. L. Hadley, F. I. Jones, E. G. Kieper.
Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. E. Saxton ; Circulation Manager: W. T* Ball; Accounts Manager: AV.
D. Millard. Co-ed Staff
Miter. Ruth Bose Associate Editors: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chattield,
Jane Ramsdell.
AiJ-American 1940-^41
Phones; Editorial and Busine$s< 4005; SportS/ 2792;
Editorial After 10 P. M.. 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc,, College Publishers Representatives, 420
Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Night Edilor: Hadley Day Editor: Chatfleld Issue Editor: Butz Sports Editor: Clark
Reporters: S. B. Wolf, S. Beall, J. Ramsdell, J. Amo.s, R. Byers, R. E. Fischer. » Spurts Reporters: R. W. DeMars, E. L. Karpick.
He is ta all women what each desires him to be!
Wherever people thrill to magnificent, spell-binding, heart-wrenching dramq... this picture will be acclaimed "Greall"
umnififif Starts TODAY
'OH' FERJUREO EVIOERCIF^ > An innocent man framed by o powetfMl ^ crime lord b%cau>e they both lovf^. lbv. some wpmoni 'S ■■ rliot*-:' " ■’ 'T' 4 BAXTER-CARLlll.^ I rms pfcratf no cooNfcrtON .JIH"
NOW SHOWING TWO FIRST RUN HITS
GREAT AS AMERICANS FIGHTING HEART!
“BAIL OUT!” ’
Hi
In 40 seconds the danger’s over ^ —If everything goes righti *
pray
ROBERT NANCY EDMOND HARRY JL^RESTOHELLY • O’lRlEH • CABEY
BUDDY EBSEN • PAUL KELLY • RICHARD CROMWELL • RDBfRT —- . . • —- PLUS
YOU’LL BUST YOUR BUCKSKINS LAUGHING! #
As Loon's redohin weoli-end guests go natives5 f
IM Schedia9£i
mpus BADMtlPPOIfi^infeiilDi^Y 4 iOp p. m. Oouijt ; 5|.y -'- .: ,.', ■., ; , I P. Clark vB. G. Siener. 2. G. Hv Grlnpr CV VK. ShdwaJter. 4:36 p. m. 1 B. Mainzer. V3.. J.. G. Belurs. 2 K. M^bnneli.ya.,'Vif, Kitok^f •i V!
^bottt 4 (i^cloclc i6i|aA»i^<Wr afternflon. itrbli^kr a- lengthy ||sgii^^-i-'f‘a^Sinrk are n<^aMUCyifor B4nittalifte..> - <i ]|hinie sqpad will put the Varsitp Up th« defensive who
the UPPUKtunity dUzzlIff-’foot-tlWk iuosh have the- syspwi;ij>il wili- probably have 6^ apectator con-
iM .^^jiuEiBi:'
Monday
6, :30-r-ShoemBker Hauae ,, ,.,., : ■ 'Afltiifsawi':”' ■'■ i-ir'f
7::00—Wooa ri’all
■ 7-Sfls-N&ith, Hail. . 8,,:00—SiSuth;. I
'Eu^sday, '''
6j3d—Ann TwebdHle House GlanWood House
7:00.--7Bl)i Mil
• Alipha Zi- Bel^ i ' ^ ,. 7 :80—Alpha, Chi; Qttiega
Ward t
8:00—Ghi Omega ■ Delta Ganamft- ,, , Wednesday ■. 6 ;3'0—Otter, fee Ihn, Ward II 7 :0d^'f fie Gahtes , Cblidgiaha, Daziah 7. :3p--Gpeada; :,W8rd Hi' ,. 9i:tf0T-0s?a ^iianna, Hoyadale Thuridriy, i.-.' 6':80-v-S.H.B; iHoush, ‘if.^.m.1. Harthony Haven ' ' ' 7 :00—Kappa''Alpha 'Kieta 7:30—Pi n,eta ,Phi ■' ; : 8 :00-:-Kappa', Kapha Gamma
-:r
"MIfamsR
j; i ’’I I III
I'' I B- . f
,jsaH!iy,y.-i..B|i'..aiL-, SANITGNE. aCANINft ii"jqi»$'' w.iTK MA,
so IS
,... $#ti:Uoiie l^roloitgs F^ilbi'ie LiMfe, ^'^'VfecUMa.msfidCK 'fat
«:,' * ■ ,*■ ieaVes'- NK 'dleatfiii^''Qdor,
ClEprpLETE WARWOBE SERVICE
J 132:’ iMowrthw^stern Ave.
Phono 7278
pmiax
'i^hVh
eadan
Never before were’ form^is more etichantmg than tbi^. s^ea^pnj and our new fall stock contains some of the lovliest. - Regm this year’s formal season properly by loolpng your best at. Gold Diggers Ball. Formal Dresses Formal Slippers fivehing Wraps Evening Bags M 'Compacts.;. - ..
413-17 Main Street
Sq Ad N thit, Fait 0amas
$t9rt’MtwYt9r
NojMi: This columh' Is yrrittehi bjj: an Bxponsnt associate sports editor, who is substituting for Phil Johnson. The Gestapo’s, regular 'Wiitsr was in Bwariston for the week-end to see Northwestern play Wisconsin. , , ' i '; :: -5» Te(},Qnrlf':''' I ■ - Ob! Somewhere people ar® happy And sopiewhere children shout But there is no joy in |llp.pipipgtqn, For Indiana has gone the route.
Sel Oil! The Crying To>^e|$
Sihrefi^^ili HSI^hs
Asl^s Min^ SpQfF Status Students wha dre experienced or interested in the art pf fencing will be given, an ppportunity to make good use of their ability when the fiist meeting of the Silveif Mask is held ,next M,pnday night at 8 o’clock
in Room 304 of the Union. .
hiinpr Seart?
Officially not recognized as an or-
GiRespie Gels OuF And Go.es
Bo McMilla|i fp.ng.htv §re_ with; fiTA 3?ea|serday afternpon—and he was alnipst supcessful. Ihe onp time member o;f. Centre College’s PrayingiColonals instructed his victory desPiBEate team; to match Texas Christian pass
fquvpass, bat the Hprned Frpgs were siniply Hipre adept at tbs overhead g^Jiized^ort here, members of the ganjfi: and ruined Indiana’s Homecoming, 20-14. ' Silver Mask'hope to pub dn a petiThe Texans literally dll the air with footballs on the assumption that would eventthe law of averages will swing its pendaluni their way and thus provide raise their sport to a minor
enough completions for a victory. - rating. ;
. lU’S'sophomore center, John Travener was the only Hobsier to have The meeting Ulonday will serve to. any": measure of success with pass defense. organize and direct the efforts of
the club in gaining members and planning, the varipus events of the coming season. At the present time
did;, tb|! pitching and' everyone and his there has been no attempt to draw brother shagged’em. It Gillespie has any peer as a passer that peer is up an official schedule, hut it is far’removed from the realm of man. Wehad heard that Kyle was superior hoped that the first match may be to Baugh,, O’Brien., ehristman, Isbeli and nil the rest of them, but the held sometime in December, scribes have: a hahit pfYlealing in. superlatives,. S.0 we didn’t take too much Finneylnstruots - cognizance of those pAlieity gushings. -kHu charge of instructipn is CapGillespie should hava a Shick test performed, for if there is anything tain- Finney of the Modern LanhUAice cuhes in. that, lad’s chfiin of Arteries . . . well, vs^hen someone said guag.es. department, who, although “cool as A encumber” he must certainly have had Gillespie in mind. The not official coach, h^s taken it upon ne.w passing sensation gets, wonderful protection frpm the big TCU line, himself to teach, the members of the bpt he stands with his aria cocked uptil a receiver is ip the clear. And if club. Gapahle instruction is availthe defense is . covering: well: he runs it. He, runs Ijke one possessed of able in all three principal forms of winged feet, and leaves the defepse in a dither as to. what to expect next, the sport,: namely, foil, epee and But getting to the question, of Bounding Billy HUlenbrand, he is. all that saber.
Meet the Team presenUng..*
has been: said,of, him. and mpre..: , , ■ HiHenbraiici' FM Up Good SRqw
i Pre-season rumor fiaddt thalthe Evmisville.ilash Was a genuine triple threater. That is the rankest kind of understatement. He has at least six threats. Billy roves about'in the secondary with amazing acumen for a soph, blocks with the best, of them, pnd is a clever pass receiver, having the knack of fainting the man covering opt of position. MalElward may
well plan a defensive setup to stop Hillenbrand.
The former Reitz Memorial star was a star yesterday, despite little coopera,tion from his mates in the blocking, department. The boys from the
Returning members to the club from last year include Harry Burl, Fred Power, Bill Reade and Cecil
Oakes, r.w.d.
Entering his first year pf varsity competition, Barry French is one of Mai Elward’s most promising sophomore footballers, and his outstanding play promises to make him a
Reserved seat tickets for the , steady contender for the first string Iowa and Michigan State football tackle position, games will he available to sopho- AU-State
Sophoniores M^y Get Grid Tomiiirrow
4 . . ■ . . ■ . ' By EdKavpiefc - Yesterday's varsity-freshman tennis matches wete a ite indication that Boilermaker tennis is on the tt|) graA^^ YfiB Bhinies gave the varsity men dose matches in almoai^^iii’^ stances, and some went sn far as to take sets from theilt more
experienced varsity foes. Captain Ray Lucht had to pfer his best grade of tennis to defeat Rodgers in* three setsj the scores being 6-3, 3-6, 8-6, Another match that went to three sets was the one between Dick Stettner and Col^it of the frosh. After losing the first set to Cohen 3-6, Stettner finished strong and took the last two sets by
scores of 9-'7,6-3.
Others Win Easily „ The other varsity men though extended at times managed to take their opponents in straight sets, Armstrong defeated Voth by scores of 6-2, 6-0, and Van. Gamp breezed through Daley 6-0, 6-0. The last two matches were a lot closer, however, for neither varsity man was able to vanquish his opponent in the minimum number of games. Sells won out over Welty by scores of 6-4, 9-7; and Wells closed hostilities for the afternoon by a 6-2, 8-6, vic-
tory over Kutsch,
If yesterdays play is any indication of the tennis strength for next season, then Riveter tennis fans are sure to see some good tennis in spring competition. All the varsity men seemed to be playing good tennis, especially Sells and Wells the two newcomers to the squad who give every indication that they will be factors to be reckoned with when the competitive squad is selected. Because of the high wind no doubles matches were .played.
Barry prencK By Bob DeMars
Barry was honored with the presentation of the Freshman Football Award which is giyen annually to the freshman player who demonstrates the greatest ability and promise during spring practice. The
lU used a man in motioh pass play with the man swinging wide as a Fr.eshman tickets mdy be obtained Sioux Falls, South Dakota where his
flanker. However, instead of’receiving the ball, the man was a decoy and Thursday upon natural ability and six foot, 220 e con i ion a ac e a e
the pass would go over the center of the line or into the flat zone. This Presentation, of properly signed pound frame earned for him three play never failed to gain yardage and it was tried of ten. passport coupons. major football letters and the honor The Fightin’ Hopsiers were fightin’yesterday and were really beaten Block oyders for tickets will be of AU-State rating, by a superior team. All the breaks went in the direction of Indiana and honored, hut the date of their ex- Not content in confining his. tal-
Southwest deploy an efficient five man line to stop running and passing tomorrow, Tuesday/accords Barry launched his football caplays and have a roving, shifting secondary. ing to C. S. Doan, ticket manager, reer at Washington High School in
fore it became the permanent possession of the receiver he must return to school the following yedr.
TCU should have hud two ippr.e scores.
ALLE _ _ SCHOOL OF DAMCI Nd
change will be that of the lowest entto football alone, Barry also enclassification in the‘group, k.r. gaged himself in putting the shot,
■-—^—- r which he did with unusual success,
., Experiments, by Drs. Luyet and and won three more letters to make
Hartung of St. Louis University in- the total six. dicate the vinegar eel can be kept Freshman Award
in a frozen state of suspended ani- Speaking of freshman football, at matio,n indefinitely. the closing of practice last spring
IF YOU’VE SPENT ALL YOUR ALLOWANCE YOU DON’T HAtHE TO BREAK YOUR DATE, BRING YOUR girl' iro the union WHERE IT’S fcilEAP TO CELEBRATE
'^'^The Corner of the Campus—And the Center of Activities'^*
... Olivia dte. Havilland co-stars with Charles l^yer and PauleBe Goddard in. Paramount’s stirring romantic film, “Hold Back the Dawn,” coming Sunday to the Lafayette Theater.—adv.
Rear Admiral RICHARD E. BYRD (In Person) MOTION PICTURE andEECTURE On His Latest Trip to Little Amerjica PURDUE HALL QFMU5IC IRouday, Qctolier IStli ^ 8:0lQ jp. m. Atlmissiou 50c SPECIAL SCHOOL CHILDREN’S MATINER Starting at 1:30 Atl»i%inip 20e
Simnsqred by Linus CluK nf LalaynttB®0'"'l'"'•: ^ ***^^- ■'' «t’ ’^Churches
R^<- %‘ iftis“--, sfeV 'i
■' I' Baptist Students ^ West Lafayette Baptist Church, Corner Columbia and Chauncey Sts., Joseph B. Gleason, Student Pastor ^ 9:80 a. m.—Roger Williams Club Class Hour. Prof, Raudebaugh, teacher. 10:3 6a. m.—Church Worship Service Sermon by Rev. Gleason, “When , I Became a Man.” f 6:40 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Pifteen-Cent Lunch. 6:00 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Social Hour. 6:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Discussion Hour. Mrs. A. L. Mathers will speak on “Experiences Along African Trails.”
Episcopal Students Services at St. John’s Church, Sixth and Ferry Sts., Lafayette. 8:00 a. m.—Holy Communion. 10:46 a. m.—Morning Prayer, Sermon.
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Program at Lafayette Christian Church 6th and North Sts. (9:15-9:25 a. m.—Catch ride from 131 S. Grant) ‘ 9:30 a. m.—Student Class. Charles Compton, President, will teach the class on the subject, “Religion Today.” i 10:40 a. m.—Church Worship Service. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will 'preach a sermon entitled, “The Problem of Inner Unity.” 5:15 p. m.—10 Cent Supper at iisi S. Grant. = 5:45 p. m.—Leave for the Church. : 6:00 p. m.—Forum, including recreation, discussion, singing and worship. Walt Thomas will chair the discussion on the question, “Should the Married Woman Have a Career as Well as a Home?” with Peg (Guise and Charles Compton leading off pro and con. Libby Baughman will lead in the worship service under candlelight.
PIA Will Hold Second Sfudeni Dance Class PIA will hold the second of its ten dance classes tomorrow night, from 7:30 to 9:30 p. m. in the Union ballroom. The course will cost men who are PIA members $2.60. All girls are invited to come free of charge. Chuck Hansen, vice-pres-ident of PIA, is chairman of the dance classes. Mrs. Duncan of the Duncan Dancing Academy is to be the teacher. The fundamental steps of social dancing will be taught in the first lessons; and after these have been thoroughly explained, Mrs. Duncan will teach the latest variations, including jitterbug styles, special music will be rendered by the student choir. 5:15 p. m.—A vesper service prior to the meeting of the Sunday Evening Club will be held for all those desiring to attend. 5:45 p. m.—A 15 cent supper will be served in the basement of the church. After supper. Miss Clare Coolidge, Assistant Dean of Women will address the Sunday Evening Club. Following Miss Coolidge’s address, there will be a short meeting of the Visitation Committee. All students'are invited to join the fellowship at any or all of these meet-
ings.
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph and multigraph work done.
C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main. Phone 2779, Lafayette.
Money to Loan: on i anything of value. Albert’s Loan Office. Pawnbrokers and
Jewelrs, 407 Columbia St.
Student: Earn extra money in your spare time. No waiting for conUnissions. See Gordon Bootner, Olan Mills Studio, 216
State St.
Vocal Lessons: For 26 years Lafayette's only real singing teacher. Voice test free. Edward W. Frank. Studio, Lahr Hotel. Phone 4056.
Notices
. University Presbyterian Church North Street at Grant Street » John W. Findley, pastor and di^I’ector of the Westminster Foundation. Joanne Lloyd, organist. Jim Chase, choir director. 9:30 a. m.—The discussion group Under the leadership of Dr. G. H. Graves will continue their study of student problems. The problem to lie undertaken this Sunday will be “How Obedient Shall We Be?” 110:30 a. m.—^The morning worship service will be held at this time, and
Wesley Foundation Sunday Services at The First Methodist Church (Corner Chauncey and South Sts.) 9:30 a. m.—Church School with four student classes— “The International Uniform Lesson” taught by Mrs. 0. S. Steele. “Income, Outgo, and The Kingdom of God” taught by Professor J. T. Gunn. “Our Christian Message for the World Today,” taught by Professor C. 0. Lee. “The Growth of Methodism” taught by Rev. E. R. Balsley, Pastor for students. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Worship Service—Dr. 0. S. Steele, Pastor, will speak on the theme, “The Power and the Wisdom of God.” Special music will be furnished by the Paul Tincher Smith Memorial Choir. 5:45 to 7:45 p. m.—Wesley Vespers—During the Wesley Vespers a period will be devoted to recreation and fellowship, a period to discussion and thought and the Vespers will close with a worship service in the sanctuary. Every Purdue student is invited to come and share in any or all of these services. Make your years at Purdue complete by attending Church regularly.
Senior Advanced Military Students: Will you please leave snapshots or pictures taken at summer camp in H. F. Graebner’s box at Armory. These pictures will be used for exhibition at coming smoker. Leave name with pictures. Pictures will be returned. 10-15 ' —LAESON. Modern Dance: Practices will he held on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 4 ahd on Tuesday at 7 in the gym. —SERBAN Novice Pistol: Students desiring to Are in the third novice pistol group starting Tuesday, Oct. 21, may^gn up in the supply room of the armow now. —BROWN Pistol Team: All members of last year’s pistol team please report to the Armory Monday, October 13, at 4 p. m.
—BROWN
Distinguished Gun Squad Competition for 155 MM Howitzer: All juniors are eligible for entrance. Squads will consist of two juniors and nine sophomores. ^ Juniors desiring to enter squads present entries to Lt. Baum in instructor’s room prior to 4 p. m., Oct. 16, 1941. ' Practice for squads will take place two hours a week over a six-week period. Reference : Military Department Handbook.
—ANTRIM
Archery Club: Meeting on Monday at 4:16 p. m. in room 104 of tlie Fieldhouse.
—JAMES
Pistol Team Tryouts: The following listed students from the 1st novice Pistol group are asked to report to the Armory Monday, October 13, at 4 p. m., to try-out for the varsity pistol team: Baldwin. J.; Buheler, J. E.; Freundlich, G.; Hebenstreet, W.; Heckard, D. C.; Hill, O. R. ; Hummel, R. P. ; Kramer, R. N.; Larson, R. L.; McCoy, R. K.; McCullough, G.; Mason, R. L.; Rensberger, J. R.; Scantland, G. F.; Singleton, V. L.; Taylor, W. H. : Vanderbrouck, A. L.; Vonnegut, W. A.; Wade, M. W.; Williams. B. J.; Williams, C. D. and Winters, W. C.
.-BROWN
Roger Williams Club: Please note new routine in Sunday evening program. Fif-teen-cent lunch will be served at 6 ;40 p. m., and social hour will be at 6 p. m. Discussion hour starts at 6 :30 p. m.
—ARTMAN
Delta Rho Kappa; Meeting at 6 p. m. Monday, Oct. 13, in room 303 of Union. All actives and pledges attend. —BIERLEIN.
Reamer Club: Rqgular meeting; Monday, Oct. IS, at 7:80 p, m. in room 804 of the Union. '
—RUPHNER.
POMM: Meeting Monday, Oct. 18, at 4 p. m. in room 106 of Armory. Col. White
will speak.
—BUSHNELL. WAA Riflery: Call-out Monday, Oct. 18, to Thursday, Oct. 16. Schedule for houses is posted in gym. —CURRY Union Biding Club Committeet Meeting Tuesday, Oct. 14, 4 p. m., in Union office. Everyone be there 1 —GOSSETT. Union Workers: Those on Dick Worl’s committee meet in Union office Monday, Oct. IS, at 4:16 p. m.
-WORD.
Silver Mask: Important short meeting on Tuesday, Oct. 14 at 7:80 p. m. in room 304 of Union. Be on time.
—TOWEN.
Christian Science Organization; Regular meeting 7 :30 p. m. Tuesday, October 14, in Room 303 of Union. —LOCKWOOD Scriveners: No meeting Sunday night.
—RIEGLE
Reamers: Bring PIA memberships and money to the meeting Monday night. ! .^ELDER Gold Diggers Ticket Salesmen: Meeting in AWS office Monday at 4 p. m. —McCULLOUCH Newman Club: Breakfast Sunday. October 12. in St. Mary’s Auditorium after the 9:30 a. m. Mass. Dr. A. A. Smith of the Sociology Dept, will speak on “A Christian Personality.” Everybody be there. —RUNNION Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Oct. 14, at 7:30 p. m. in room 261 of the Uniorf. Mrs. Bert Krantz will be guest speaker on "Budgets and How to Keep Them.’’ —VOLLMER P-Men: Meeting Wednesday, October 16, in room 394 of the Union. All major and minor lettermen please attend.
—COMBS
Purdue Players: Meeting of executive board Monday. Oct. 13, at Fowler Hall at 4:00 p. m. —WALKER Tau Beta Pi; Election of members will be held Wednesday, October 16, at 7:30 p. m. in room 212 of the Union. Unexcused absentees wil Ibe subject to fine. —MUNGER Triton Club: Pledging in Women’s Gym, October 14, at 7:30. Attendance compulsory. Girls who have not yet passed membership tests will be given a chance to do so Monday, October 13, and Tuesday, October 14, at 4 p. m. —KRAEPELIEN.
Kaippa Psi
»V. pharmaceutical fratesrnity, is, sponsoring the showing of the motion picture “Ether for Anesthesia” on Tuesday at 4 p. m. in room 311 of the Pharmacy building. The film deals With the manufacture of Ether. All students are invited to
attend.
Debris To Photograph Seniors Two More Days Debris will continue to take senior pictures tomorrow and Tuesday from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. in the sub basement of the Union. No appointments are necessary. This is the last time that the photographer will be here. After Tuesday seniors will have to travel to Indianapolis to have their pictures taken. Univ. of Michigan will celebrate the 100th anniversary of the opening of its college, of literature, science and the arts Oct. 15.
Sophomore Union Workers; Meeting in the Union office at 4:16 Tuesday, October 14, to get tickets for the Union Show.
—GOSSETT.
Pi Tan Sigma: Pledge meeting, Tuesday, October 14, at 4 :00 in the Reading Room, Mechanical Engineering Building. , —GLOOR. Activities Bureau Workers: Please report to office at 4:16 Monday, October 13. All tickets for the Byrd lecture must be checked
in at this time. —WOEHLKE.
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
SCOBEE’S ' We handle a complete line of photographic supplies and cameras . . . try our expert photo-finishing Phone 2343 105 Northwestern, WL
Southworth’s
WABASH HOTEL
NOW PLAYING NIGHTLY JACK and ADRIENNE DIRECT FROM BISMARK HOTEL IN CHICAGO — DON'T MISS IT—IT'S A HIT—-
NOW YOU CAN OBTAIN DL BooloflLMntk
S..
ut) ^et'ULce
FROM US!
• The Latest Books at Lowest Prices • Free Book to New Subscribers • No Enrollment Fee • Free Gift Book Dividends WHAT ARE THE ADVANTAGES.? / ASK US NOW—NO OBLIGATION UNIVn BOOK STOOE Across from the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
You Don’t Have to Scout All Over Town— Just Visit the RECORD SPOT!
Come in and look over our large selection of the latest recordings. Take a look at the values in record players and supplies.
Then listen to these discs—you’ll go into a dance, too!
6210—LET ME OFF UPTOWN FLAMINGO Gene Krupa 36222—LAMENT TO LOVE DODGERS’ PAN DANCE Harry James 36379—THE COUNT I SEE A M ILLION PEOPLE Benny Goodman
11274—ELMER’S TUNE DELILAH Glen Miller 11230—CHATTONOOGA CHOO-CIIOO I KNOW WHY Glen Miller 11287—I’M THRILLED FROM ONE LOVE TO ANOTHER
PUODOE BOOK & SOPPIV STOOE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
hooks tor Xmas bins
Take advantage of this early sale of litte books.
The Blue Book of Cookery Public Control of Business English Poets Kean Lloyd*s Aural Harmony The Old English Clockmakcrs and Their Clocks A Guide to Better Photography .. Rembrandt Drawings and Etchings . A CreoKul of Fishing Stories Small French Buildings The Museum of Modern Art The Hermitage Museum The Hermitage .... 4 ... Opcrolic Masterpieces, set of 4.. The Romanovs . Cartooning for Everybody Man and Mask ... . Cduntry .Notes Bo Loved No More Fashion Engravings Information Please Alaska .... . African Majesty The Opera Libretto Library J .. Flower Prints i , Johann Strauss . TJie ViolinisUs Music Shelf The Supplementary Bible The Works of James Fenimore Cooper Funk and Wogiialls New Standard Encyclopedia
98c . 98o $1.98 .i98c ... 98c ... 98c
In the West Indies The Gaplains aild the Kings Depart.. Fast and Fancy Revolver Shooting An American In Paris
....49c .4..690
... $1.49 $U98 .... $2.49 69c $1.98 -.. $2.98 . ..$2.98 . $2.49 69c .. 98c . $1,19 98c .... 98c . ..98c . ...796 98c .... 89c 89c $4.95 $1.49 $1.19 . $7.49 . $1.98 .$10.95 .$5.95
Letters to Mary, the Biography of Helen Hayes Going Native Human Nature Chinese Hunter. Five Acres and Independeilbti How to Know People By v Their Hands.. The Unknown Brahms The Poetry and House Anthology Your House In the Country Costumes for the Dance ..... The Wit and Humor of America It*8 Fun (0 Build Things The Complete Works of James Whitcomb Riley , Folk Songs of Many Lands Oxford Families . . Michaclangelo Encyclopedia of Furniture Twenty Best Plays of the Modern American Theatre Companionable Books ^ The Adventures and Letters of Richard Harding Dpvis Lincoln . . The Works of Emile Gaboriau The Works of O. Henry............
79c 89c ...98c .4..98C $149
,....49c $1.29 89c ....98c 89c $3.95 . .98c $4.95 .$1.29 ....79c . 69c $1.29 .$2.89 $2.98 ... 79o
.. .890 ... 79o $1.98 $1.98
BOOK DEPARTMENT Second Floor-Balcony
Don’t Worry About Dressing for that “Date
99
Don’t waste the day worrying about having to wear something old and unbecoming tonight simply because that flattering gown needs attention. Call West Side Cleaners right now and have them pick up the neglected dress. Service like this is important to West Side patrons and we make it important to us.
NORTHWESTER AT VINE PHONE 4081 — The Loivest Prices Quality Permits ——
Southworth’s #
Co^OUU±. J'OimaL OiJtihiL Our new fall arrivals in formal wear are impeccable in good taste and correct tailoring. Made of finest quality fabrics, they represent true value especially at our surprisingly low range of prices. TUXEDOS FULL DRESS FORMAL ACCESORIES BALTIMORE CLOTHES SHOP - Everything for the Man
♦' r V