X ^.v \ '- 7
'!^ Tf ^ ‘ a , ^ 1 / . ^
,J* # "W*; ; r'" ^ ^W
> •>/? f
^i.‘*'7'!s;
* \
EDIT LAMENTS Lack Of Practicality In 'Watches'
SPORTS COLUMN
Anticipates Big Ten Crown Battle
Established 1889
Take Tunisia
¥>01111116 55/ No. 84
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, February 7, t9#S
Northwestern Trims Boilermaker Netters, 67-40
— - -- - — ^ Thirty-One Farm Security Recruits Complete Training
New Trainees 'Land Army' To Allay Labor Shortage Thirty-one recruits from southern Indiana have completed a training program at the University under the sponsorship of the farm Security Administration and United States Employment Service. These farmers from unproductive regions h^ve volunteered to go anywhere in the state to help relieve
the farm labor situation.
On Tuesday the students spent a major part of the day in being oriented and inspecting
the University buildings. The gtoup was divided into sec-
tions to receive useful training
in poultry raising, dairy farming, tractor operatioft and animal
husbandry.
G«it Practical Experience Professor I. G. Moi-rison, of the University, is adting as state supei'visor of' Rural War Production Training and has drafted the instructional program for the group. He has planned that as much practical work as possible be included in thb curriculum. For example, the
Women To Begin, Guidance Lectures Wednesday At 4 P. M. “Women in Woi-k’’ is the theme for the first vocational conference to be held at the University under the sponsorship of AWS. It will be held Wednesday, February 10, from 4 to 5 p. m. in the Reception Room
sti^dents have been going into the of the Union,
dairy barn to operate milk machines and to bed down the dairy herds. Positions for several hundred trainees a^'e already assured, and the main problem is to train workers fast enough to meet the demand. Farmers who wish to obtain the services of the trainees should notify the nearest Farm Security or U. S. Employment Service Office. Prospective trainees should also notify the same offices of their availability
for employment.
PIA Will Sponsor Dance Classes Starting Monday PIA will sponsor a regular series of dance classes which will be held in the South Ballroom of the Union at 7:30 p. m. every Monday evening, lieginning Monday. Members of PIA will be admitted to the series of classes for $2.50 and there will be no admission charges for women. Mr. Pearl Allen, a graduate of Chalif Dancing School of New York City, and local dancing instructor, will personally instruct the classes. This course will be for those who have had the elementaly course or already know the fundamentals of dancing. The seiies will include jitterbug, hesitation waltz, conga, tango. Classes will be held every Monday night foi ten weeks. ASME Will Hold Open Meeting February 10 University branch of the Ameiican Society of Mechanical Engineers will sponsor a “Get - Acquainted Meeting” for all mechanical engineering students on Wednesday night, Feb. 10, at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union. The advantages of membership in the society will be explained by Prof. H. L. Solberg, head of the school of mechanical eiigiueering. Newly released motion pictures from the Wai Pioduction Board will be shown plus displays of models of interesting mechanisms. Refieshmeiits will be served and the Indiana Section of the ASME has donated several door prizes.'
Professor Monroe of the Speech 'department wrll speak on the topic “Interviewing for a Job.” This subject will be of importance to everyone, whether for their chosen career, a summer job, or a Saturday job here in Lafayette. The hardest part of a job is getting it, and Prof. Monroe will give many suggestions
as to the best technique.
With women taking a more active part in the industrial world, the importance of attending this meeting cannot be underestimated. The interest shown by the coeds during this first timely vocational conference will determine whether a series of talks will be run in the
near future.
Panic Hits Crowd In Union Music Room Waves of panic swept through the hearts of music lovers in the Union music room as one student, deciding to leave, found the door locked. He rattled the door in the stillness of the room but to no avail. In the next ten minutes every occupant in the room had made an attempt to force the door open. Finally some lone outsider stepped to the door. As he opened it from the outside, he was greeted by a rush of people all anxious to leave.
Defense Course In Production Engr. Will Start Tuesday Next Tuesday evening at 7 in room 216 of the Electrical Engineering building, A. M. Bramblett, chief engineer at Peerless Wire Company, will begin instruction in a 12 week course designed to fit into the Government War Program and dealing specifically with the problems which are liable to be encountered by the production engineer. The course of training will be similar to that which is given by the University for its Industrial Management course. Practical problems will be presented to the class and their plausible solutions pointed out. Students, engineering or otherwise, townspeople, in fact all interested people, are invited to enroll in the course at the meeting of the first class next Tuesday. According to present plans the class will meet on Tuesday and Thursday from 7 to 10 p. m. However, before the class can go into operation more than 10 people must enroll. Upon successful completion of the prescribed course of study, the government will award a certificate signifying that the individual has met the requirements and is entitled to be employed as a production engineer. Tuition is free. Senate Sale Nets 75 Per Cent Profit From all indications the Student Senate’s Lost and Found Sale was a great success. Proof of this fact is shown by the seventy-five dollars which the organization netted by the recent enterprise. During the year about one-fourth of the articles weie claimed by their owners. The remaining odd assortment of pajamas, an evening dress, evening slippers, and the usual array of books, coats, scarfs, and umbrellas were sold for twenty per cent of the original cost. Any articles which are lost duiing the piesent semester may be claimed at the Senate office after Wednesday of next week.
Cadettes Will Start Class Feb. 15 Girls To Take Course In Aero Engineering Februaiy 15 will mark the opening day of classes for the 115 engineering cadettes who are entering a profession which is no longer reserved “for men only.” Prof. K. D. Wood of the Aeronautical school is in charge of the teaching program. The girls will be classed as special students in Aeronautical Engineering and will abide by the same rules and regulations enforced by the University for all coeds. The cadettes will be here for a 44 week course consisting of two semesters, taking such subjects as engineering mathematics, aircraft dr-awing, mechanics, theory of flight, and advanced drawing. A committee of coeds has been appointed to arrange entertainment for the new arrivals such as weekend movies, bridge, ping pong, and an informal after-dinner coffee hour on Sunday afternoon. Miss Ruth Morrison will report to the University next Tuesday to take up her duties as supervisor of the program for Curtiss Wright with a staff of twenty-one instructors assigned to teach these engineering cadettes who average 19 years and 8 months of age. VI, V7 Program Goes Into Effect July 1 American Council on Education announces that according to the best information now available, the new Navy College Program will not be put into effect until July 1, 1943. Therefore, until that date, the requirement remains in effect that V-1 and V-7 reservists must be enrolled in college and m actual daily attendance therein in order to remain on inactive duty status. Mudball hey there clarence you know there is a man who just hates the plays playshop puts on he is the man who rings the bells in heavilon tower every time there is a tense moment and everything
is quiet he cuts lose i think he
should be drafted
—MUDBALL
Riveters Drop Fourth Big Ten Conference Game To Wildcats In Chicago Stadium Doubleheader
Seniors Must Sign
•
For Debris Pictures By Monday, Feb. 8 Seniors and second semester juniors who have not yet signed up for an appointment to have their picture taken for the August ’43 Debris can still sign in front of the Debris office in the Union between 4 and 5 p. m. Those who come first will be able to get the more desirable appointments. Pictures will be taken the'Weeks of February 8 and 15, Monday through Friday from 8:30 a. m. until 5:30 p. m. All those who have already made an appointment are asked to be in room 60 in the subbasement of the Union at the appointed time. If anyone is unable to make his appointment he should contact the Debris office immediately. Since the Debris will come out in August, it will carry the pictures of the seniors graduating in December. It will be necessary, therefore, for those seniors, now second semester juniors to have their pictures taken at this time. All prospective seniors are urged to have their picture taken in spite of draft possibilities, in which event their pictures will appear as Usual and their Debris will be forwarded to them. Newman Club . . . student organization for Catholics, is holding the monthly breakfast Sunday, February 7, in St. Mary’s auditorium after the 9:30 Mass. Memberships will be sold before the breakfast. The organization now has an office in the subbasement of the Union, Room 58. After Sunday, memberships can be obtained in that office and membei’s may use the room foi discussions, during the afternoons. James W. Kettle ... a ’37 ME graduate of the University, has recently been promoted to the position of district supervisor in the analytical cost bureau of the Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corp., with offices in Chicago. Kettle had been serving as a works cost analyst at Gary prior to his promotion.
Graham, Wendland, Vodick Lead Attack; Menke Stars For Losers Last night the Boilermakers lost a hard-fought battle to the Northwestern Wildcats in a doubleheader in the Chicago Stadium. The local netters were able to keep within striking distance of the Cats during the first half, were but soon out-
distanced in the second half.
Northwestern opened up the scoring with a basket from — — close in and continued to ke^
a fair lead throughout the first period. Menke was the leading scorer for the ill-fated Boilermakers, while Biggs and Ehlers held up their share of of the forty points. Biggs showed his lack of practice due to his recent
tussle with a throat ailment.
Student tutoring service will Northwestern display an uncanny again be offered this semester to gyg basket during the entire students who desire additional help, contest. Otto Graham, 'Wildcat During previous semesters, demand junior forward, led the barrage of for tutors has been greatest im- baskets, which brought Northwestmediately after the sixth week, just jj^g margin of victory. Russ after yellow slips have been dis- Wendland, stellar guard, displayed tributed. The Senate is now making bis usual ability to hold down the
Senate Tutor Service Will Offer Delinquent Students Assistance
up a list of tutors in all undergi’ad-
uate courses.
Any student who meets with the approval of the head of a particular department is qualified to tutor in
opposition’s score, while contiibuting his share of the scoring
punch.
The Boilermakers played a good, hard .game but werg unable to cope
that subject. The standard rate of .^vith the speed and accuracy of the
sixty cents per hour will be paid wildcats
tutors. Anyone interested must sign up in the Student Senate office be-
fore Friday, February 12.
All contacts between the individual and the tutor are arranged by the two. Student Senate acts only as a go-between for the student and the tutor; the Senate receives
nothing for this service.
Ag Economics Club To Meet Thursday
Penn. State Officials Discuss War Training Pennsylvania State College has had two representatives of the Science and Management of War Training on the campus this week. Stanley Campbell, field organization supervisor, and Howard Stewart, office manager, have been discussing with Prof. C. W. Beese and members of the University war training staff some of the common problems of administration for the program. The University has about 12,000 students, in part time classes, in 63 cities throughout the state. Pennsylvania State College, Rutgers, Univei’sity of California, and Illinois Institute of Technology also have large programs.
Following The Foundations
Religious News Receives Weekly Column
Registnf'ion Schedule
Men
1001-1020 1021-1010 1041-1060 1061-1085 1086-1110 1111-1135 11.36-1160 1161-1185 1186-1210 1211-12.35
Feb. 8
Women
8:00 A.M.
1- 5
8:30 A.M.
6-10
9:00 A.M.
11-15
9:30 A.M.
16-20
10:00 A.M,
21-25
10:30 A.M.
26-30
11:00 A.M.
31-35
1:00 P.M.
1:30 P.M.
2:00 P.M.
Bj Marion Donham Beginning a week from today, a legular column is to be run every Sunday featuring news of the foundations and their woik. The purpose of this column is to collect in one place and give more attention to the news of the chuieh foundations. It IS believed that this may piovide more information to those connected with the ioundations and perhaps stimulate enthusiasm among those who haye not yet become acquainted with any of the church woik being done by stu-
dents.
As a starter, the column this week discusses some of the backgiound of the various chuich organizations for young people of the University. The Westminster Foundation was started foi the benefit ot the Presbyterian and Congiogational students. Revel end Findl'fey, the present student pastoi, opened the foundation here at the University in 1919. It IS starting in its 25th year this week. When first started, the foundation had no headquaiters whatsoovei; but they now have
their new and modern building which was dedicated m 1940. Assets of the foundation now run up to $100,000 as compared with the start at nothing. The main feature oi the work done by the students is the church seivice every week. The church is composed almost entirely of University students; the elders, deacons and choir are all students. Aside from their regular work in conducting church services, the foundation members have a Sunday evening club which meets for supper and a prog i am every week. At present Reverend Findley, their pastor and advisor, is on a leave of absence, and besides the regular Sunday sermons, the students are handling most of the business of canying on the church woi k. The University Christian Foundation was established here in 1917 because of the increasing number of Christian students who were attending the University. Reverend J. G. Reynolds is the student pastor. During the week, liis home is the centei of activity of the foundation
members. The Sunday evening group meets thei'e for supper and a piogram — usually a speakei —
every week.
Members of the Christian foundation attend church and special classes on Sunday morning at the Chiistian Chuich m Lafayette. All other meetings, such as committee meetings, social functions, and special evening classes are held at Rev. Reynolds’ home. There is a courtship and marriage class for freshmen being started at present. Formerly Bible classes wei'e held, but theie IS hardly time for them now with the accelerated piogiam of study of the University. The theme of the foundation was developed by the Christian Youth Council of North America at their convention. The four areas of emphasis covered in this theme are studied separately. This makes up the mateual for study m the Sunday morning meetings. University piofessors aie often the speakei s. The University Wesley Foundation, second in the United States, was established here in 1915. Four
University men were instrumental in getting this Methodist student gioup started: Professors M. S. Fisher, W. C. Latta, Z. M. Smith and Dr. George L. Roberts. Thanks to the work of these men, Methodist students weie banded together. Prof. 0. F. Hall of the Education Department was the first Methodist student pastor. The members plan woiship services themselves and have the regular social functions along with their religious work. At present a non-credit extra-curricular course called “Religions of Mankind” is being offered. These courses are part of the foundation work. Reverend Balsley, who has been the student pastor here for two years, has his office in the new Neely Memoiial Wesley Foundation Building. This building was dedicated by Thompson G. Neely to his aunt, Hester Neely. It is well equipped with reei'eation room, auditorium, library, lounge, and
kitchen.
The Roger Williams Foundation lb under the direction of R^. J. B. Gleason, pastor of the We^ Lafay-
ette Baptist Church. The foundation was originally called Baptist Students and later the Roger Williams Club. Last yeai the name was changed to Roger Williams Founda* tion The Baptist students have been organized heie for about 25 years, and the organization is run by a cabinet made up of students. The students themselves raise money to meet the financial needs of the foundation by means of various projects. Their Sunday morning class has University professors as speakers. The meeting in the evening consists of a fellowship hour, supper, a program, and a vesper service. The Roger Williams Foundation members put out a newspaper every two weeks. These student organizations have about the same purpose in helping the University student. All of them contributed a great deal to the Religious Emphasis Week of last semester. These foundations help bring the student closer to his church while he is away from home and help him to meet and make valuable acquaintances.
Agricultural Economics Club will hold a meeting next Thursday, 7:30 p. m., in room 202 of the Agricultural Hall Annex. The speaker for the evening will be F. E. Elliot, (manager of Farm Craft Service Company. Elliot is a University graduate. The topic of his address will be “Commercial Farm Management.” Besides the talk other entertainment is planned and refreshments will be served. Hiestand To Speak Wednesday At 4 P.M. Dr. W. A. Hiestand of the University biology department* will discuss “The Physiology of High. Altitudes” before an open meeting of the University Biological Society to be held in room 111, Stanldj| Coulter Hall, on Monday afternoob
at 4.
In his address, Hiestand, who did considerable work with the CAA when the student pilot training program originated at the University* will take up the affects of altitude on respiration and some of the problems of modern aviation at high altitudes. Lambda Chi Alpha . . . announces the initiation of the following men: Frank Haeberle, Joe Watson, Gene Bego, Eugene Hittle, Indianapolis; Les Bamiigartner. Jack Baumgartner, Ft. Wayne; Dick Robinson, Peru; Bob Robinson, Huntington; Douglas Week, Dan McKinnan, Sioux Falls, South Dakota; Harold Rambo, Hagerstown, Maryland; Vernon Doversberger, Tipton. Dr. F. R. Eastwood . . . Professor of Physical Education for Men, in charge of TeacherTraining and Health Hygiene, will lecture on “Fitness in the Home,” over station WBAA at 1:30 p, jn. on Monday afternoon, February This is one of the “Better Hordes” broadcasts.
Con4 Stflft Meeting of all editoiial staff coeds Monday at 4:1S p, in, ^ office. Plans will be made tot eoad edition this week. —BEAUi '4/
Kt
Page ^
Purdue Exponent
Purdue Exponent
Offices Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Union Phone 4005 Sports, Ficldhousc Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
rdftor Businc«^s Manaircr Ne^s td lor Man&(;in{, Editor Senior Ad^erll inir M'innj,cr Sports Editor Coed Laiior Coed Business Exocut n*.
\\ lUinm G Hoskins Gerhard H Klouman Rot ert W BosTvinklo Dale P BuU James G Pett\ Jo eph S Da>\son Salij Beall A Jane Keim
Publfcahon Staff I ditorial Staff Associate Editors 1 1 ^ 1 T I R h 1 T T Tilton W H T\son M L\timl l ILS tl CC Martin doll E M r;h\ Coed Staff Pi \llu Mai i M oil a L R Carolyn Wilbur Elaino Ahrenb Sports btaU L So r T \ 1 r in D SI rj er R Smith
Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manaper 7 1 1] i Advertisinp Manapers I Hexon C C aunt J McCullougl J Tabb Circulation Manager P H T loepl Accounts Manager Mai C Its
The Purdue Independent
Editor in Chief
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Murilu u>port<^ Editor S narL Da\ Editor ^ 111 r T s o Fdilor 'Vlf elt Reporters \V n 1 M tcl I I n 1 7 1 S ok Ba n \art r D a S ff \ H k 7 1 oi > h Hal 1 S
D
f J
Ent 1 d aci ette In lima and at tl i 1103 act (f O Publ hoi n 1
dunHf, th
Eemc^t r r (0 i seme at r 3 0 f r t
Pebre ent d for naf 1 it i. b\ Nat i al Ad\ort s np S c I c Col 7 1 si rs R presentat vta 1 0 Madison Avc "N 1 rk "N 1
matt at tl 0 J t T ce I afay f C nj2r &s ol Mnich 3 18 J
r 1 1 for in s ct on
r 1 7i 1 rv 0 ]92‘> a 1 S n 1 V n o nin s
c f 1 fra
I i n f r 00 for a
First Lt. Bob L. Forkner frndudtc of the I ni cisiU in the cl iss of Jh ME \^T5 lectntl^ jioiiclcd fi m ccond to iii?t heu tenant at Daniel till \ i i si i (t i 'i\hcie he is command np- ofhtcj o ihc '5th t’um ion il Sfiiudion Lt Foiknei vno 1 onu it ^Lnclcison was i ic seive ofncei beloic c lied ictnc duty on June IG 1942 Piioi to 1 tne eiMce I oil nci w is cinploved as a meehai e 1 engineci n the Dcleo Reiny division of Gencnl ''lotoiat i ki oi
Capt’ain D.
piomo ec f om hist I'^ntenuit to capt iin on Januaiv 2b t 'Wi 1 t I i Id D eton Ohio He eiaduated fi i tnc Lnneisitj. in 1941 ind is the gnndson ot V D I it ip- tt of the gcncial Engi neeiing Depaiti cn
Don Povfgrs foimei Expon it bu ii e s m ina^ei giaduited fiom the il Ai ( nij lia i n School it Jack soneille Da Dc i lo d cm n Lns gn lie will leniain in Jac! so il o fo =c ci 1 i ji ths 1 oloie go ing on actnp chi \ in S i Diego C il CapE E. F, scieice ( instiLct i inCMfC CCC imj OKC for two jCii entcied ti\c clut i ilh the I leld Aitilleit on Jun i 1911
Second
f,
jisdcoEi Diiver
stud nt t lie I 1 Cl t\ i 194f M i now ni the United it •, '^i "rue t M dl ind It
No WATC Here .. . Down at Indiana Uniteisity the coeds have formed vthat they call the WATC, which stands foi Women’s Auxiliary Tianimg Corps If one Mcio to hate \entiucd acioss the lU campus la^'t fall he would veiy likely hat e seen an advanced ROTC offlcei leading a platoon of the ‘ Watches” out to the drill field Dic^ cd m blight ltd flannel shuts and blouses and white shuts, a more colorful gioup would be haid to And We le pleading with the coeds of Pill due not to go in foi this soit of thing The WATC unit established at Indiana is the fiist of its kind m the nation The couise is entiiely \oluntaiy and includes tiaming in miluaiy lact’cs, stiategy, courtesy, discipline and field difll It is difflcult to find the practical side of the loii^ hour'^ spent by the coeds in their WATC ttainiu’ Field dull loi example, is used b\ the aimy to mote gioups of men iiom one place to another It is difficult to conceive ot gioup of women having to march—e\en gi anted that thej do pl^y an attis e pait in the wai thev will seite as secietaiies, ladio op eictois etc The longest distance they will hate lo itiaich will be fhe distance fiom then ha Hacks to then places of work It wouldn’t ctm th"t th s exeic need be lefined to that of keeping in step with Qes right and column Iclt maich and iO on CoLute V and diocipline might be all light Ihoi gn Imagine the tun the sol liei w ill hat c coming fiom battle wheie foi months he followed lae commands of his scigcant he can call his wife to attenuon oidci hei to get his shjpeis and then put hei on KP while she gets chnnei It does not ^eem that militai > stiategv and t etics IS going to heip the seeiotai> oi ladio opei iloi It seems that the coeds w ould spend then time to a much bet+ei adtantage biinh n g up on typing and shoithand and in tak ing ladios apait and putting them togethei Apd the flashy unitorms' It is gianted that they no make an impiessne sight on the lU campus but aien’t then uniloims somewhat ol a wa-ite ot money and mateinds’ Patiiotic women all oeei Ameiica are knitting clothing ioi '^oldieis, and the goieinmcnt is luging us to go easy on last year s suit The women may point to the soldiei and say ‘What about him ’ He has a unifoim The soldier ha" a uiiifoim b^cuise umtoimmg soldiei" IS the most efficient inannei to clothe an ai mj It is believed th coeds hat e enough clothiup \ ithout the unifoims Wouldn’t the coei'-> them ehes iwe then time to a bettei d\ mtage if they c ime n oft the dull field nd joined the o^hei women in knitting and wiapmng handaims ioi Ihe men m the aimv ^ It the coeds ol Puidue have any excess eneigy, the Red Cioss will welcome all of it ■•hej can spaic —i w b rol\o 1 dio sijs I new college to meet Jauuiese 1 qiii e nei Is foi le dels tc w oil on the A i itic main 1 1 cl n 1 111 the outhein legions i ndei w iitime con ditions will be opei cd loitl;, in luildiigs ol lie I 1 ivoi it ol Shan„h ii
University Calendar Week of February 7-13
liiiBiday, Februasy 7
8 00 \ M
Iiicmin Icichei-i Iiaming
Roon s ’55 jG ’ Union
Mosiday, February 8
8 00 A M
liiemin Teacheis 11 lining
Rooms 355 IGu Union
1 00 P M
1 irst Aid—Stile Police
Room 301 Union
1 00 P M
Conmiutcc on SlTe of Univeisity
Room 20 5 Union
7 00 P M
1 IA Dane C1 iss
So Billiooni Union
7 30 P M
Unneisily Cluli—Bulge
E I aeultj Lgc Union
Tuesday, February 9
All d ly
Cc nneis & rieldinen s C oiiJcicnce
8 00 A M
[iicmcn leieheis Ti lining <
Rooms 355 30 i Unun
3 00 P M
PI A Ici Dance
So Balli win Union
G 00 I M
Ciinci" Banquet
F' Pnculty Lge Union
1 OIMI
Uiilei laduite Dames Meetin
Room 20 Union
7 0PM
J 1 in Club
Room 212 Oni m
7 30 P M
Dan V C lull ''Icctim
Room 108 Smith Hill
7 '’0 P M
Alph 1 hi Omen i
Ror'm 07 Union
7 OPM
t hi istiin Science
Room "0 Union
8 00 I M
t idiuto Da lies Pnt\
Rooiiib 36io03 Union
Placement Notes For Women K ipp t Kipi G mini loiite ■announce us n lu il fe'liw hip iw 11 1 ol >500 uriiab e to iin worn n sti len not oeei tl it yens cl i c wlo his lee \ed hei haeheloi s dcgico oi \ ho \ ill ob tun it ]nioi to Ills 1 1013 fi im an institution wheie i ehijitei of tiis so onli 1 loc ted A nu "le innou lee 1 is ai s ) i il k I ci Mu 1 Applie it IS n 1st I e 1\ Mil h 1 linthei in ji it n m v be ol lai 1C 1 1 \ e illi i e 1 I e ment Sci ue 1 1 \\ n n
Ebptyilinix for a ( oUeqe Educal’ '?/ DEAG’S
ARC
TODAY atud MONDAY
— and — Together for the First Time!
LEARN TO DANCE A PR!/ATE LESSOM WILI BE CIVlM free of charge WED , FEB JOffi, 7 OOP M 70 T!!0:r WISHING TO LN''OLL IN CUR NEW BEGJNNERS CLASS ADVAMCtD CLASS MEET ON "i HUPf FEP 11 1 IjO P M N07 TOO LATE TO C- ROl L
4i@Ki W? Qw ©’irara im cww
ALLEN’S
6lh & 1 trry
DONALD DwCix CARTOON CUR SECOND FPONT' SPECIAL ON Al GIlRS'
PaSTon*ze Exponent Advert isesi.
LUHA TODAY and TOMORROW fTHE LAUGH ATTACK .THAT LEAVES THE AXIS
fiism
ADDED A Tluii ng Document ARMY CHAPLA5N
QUEEN OMIMiUNI
Also BASKETEERS ui iV**"*^Biiffr*'‘****— b,'is&ae2iauBn
ADMISSION
Nights and Sunday
35c
Week Day Matinees
25c
Children
10c
Plus Tax
Sunday, February 7, 1943
Problems For Fun
PROBLEM rOR TUN Po facilitate then considei ition pioblems should be handed in on sepaiato sigited sheets, bcfoic 4 30 p m Eiiday of the week aftei the posting of the pioblem Include with each solution a signed statement th it the solution was obtained un issisted Solutions aie to be hind ed in at the Mathematics Office
man unless hei own husband was piesent In what manner did they cioss the river^ Consider also the same question for the ease of two couples and for foui couples
PROBI EM 5 Three men, tiavehng with their wives came to a river which they wished to cross TheieVas but one boat and but two could cross ai one time, and, since the husbands were jealous no woman could be with a
Solution to Pioblem 4 Call A Kleppe submitted the following solution n—n = n(n--l) = n(n—l){n+l) (n—l)n(n I 1) is the pioduct of thieo consecutive nitegeis, but any thiee eoiibccutive numbeis must eont iin one multiple of three and at least one multiple of two Theie'foie since i 2 and a 3 can be taken out as factois the cxpicssion is divisible by 6
NOTICE
Wc pay Ic each for all hangers in good usuable condition
if brought to our office. WEST SIDE CLEANERS
HER
Of HKIt.
Qeo^e
TIERNEY-MOKTGOMERY-BARI
Chlffi tiirf
with
VICTOR McLAGLEN Alan Baxter • Sig Rumann Directed by HENRY HATHAWAY Produced and Written by BEN HECHT
immmi now piavimc
\
REST ASSURED
r f
yAHS
fik¥ES yOii SIEVES Y®m lEST ■
All rooms conveniently located yet quiet and comfortable . . . efficient SCI vice . . . RECREATION CLOSE AT HAND Be Out CrUCStS at the PMJidu.lL THsmifuaL lAnimL SATISFACTION FOR EVERYONE I JhjL fillhduSL WbrnwiloL 14nju)fL ^ The foi net of the ( am pus— Yet the (eiitei of Activities
( ti it S'1
f,
iy^Tff|\'yw' j j j *<' j P Sir V;« s
Sunday, February 7, 1943
I “
A# /
Boilermaker Spbrts
PaggiS mmummmmmrnfi
Kiv^ier Boxers Fight Af Valparaiso Friday \ Next Friday evening at eight the Boilermaker boxing squad will get their first taste of oufside competitii^n of the season V^^hen their new coach, Jim Beers, loads the boys on the bus p,nd takes them to Valparaiso to meet the Valparaiso University boxing squad. * Valparaiso University goes in for the ring sport like denizons of “Flatbush” take to base- ■ ball. The meets are well at- travel is as follows tended, the same rules pertain- 112 pounds, T Mou Mon was ing to Big Ten Conference box- discovered m a PE 12 class ing hold sway, and it’s a big pounds, G D Labaw Labaw day when Valpo takes a boxing swimming xnateh As a nile Valparaiso turns McCluie, a vetout piime teams, this season being expenence no exception 146 pounds, Les Davies One peculiarity of the Valpo box- 155 pounds lies between F E ing fans is that during the bout, no Vogelgesang and Ted Owens comment fiom the ciowd is in eVi 155 pounds, John Wilcox, anothdence at all All booing, giiping, gj golden gloves veteian cheering and slams are voiced at 175 pounds, between Oon McMilthe conclusion of the perfoimance y Nicholas instead of duiing the match as is Heavyweight, Jim McMillan, usually the custom fiosh football man Twelve Riveteis will make the The alternates who aie to be taktrip Fiiday, one man 111 each of the en include Bill Moltbie, 135 pounds, eight weight classes and foui al- R W Steele, heavyweight, W L ternates Hen on, 165 pounds, and L Milans A tentative lostci of the men to kas, 176 pounds
• Southworth’s
VALEMTIMES are “in order” .1 ^ 7 ^ Our personal service will help you find the ^right gifF’ for that ^^right person, ”
Gift Shop Hours:
9 a. 111. to 9 p. 111. Daily 4 to 7:30 p. 111. Sunday SoiUljitijQilh’s •
PE 12 Classes Mok Up A Step Monday Canto one m the new semester of the most talked of course on the campus has been foimally declaied dead, the first foul week peiiod of muscle building in PEM 12 has come to an end, and beginning tomoiiow a new activity will sni plant the one that has been so entei taming the last month Men who have been swimming should specially note, as the line of activities they Will now put sue call foi an entuely diffeient foim of diess, still, noth ing foimal The following schedule shows activities, and individuals (by numbei) who will be in each activity Division A—66 td 128, swimming, 1 to 64, boxing oi wrestling, 129 to 181, gymnastics Division B—65 to 144, swimming, 1 to 64, boxing oi wiestling, 145 to 201, gymnastics Division C—49 to 96, swimming, 1 to 48, boxing oi wiestling, 97 to 140, gymnastics Division D—17 to 80, swimming, 1 to 16, boxing 01 wiestling, 81 to 115, gymnastics Division E—Mam Gym Plooi, alternate % of division, gymnastics Division F—Mam Gym Flooi, alternate Va of division, gymnastics Division G—49 to 9o, swimming, 1 to 18 boxing 01 wiestling, 97 to 141 gymnastics Division H—1 to 18, swimming, 19 to 96, boxing oi wiestling Division I—1 to 64, swimming, 65 to 112 bo.-mg 01 wiestling ' Dwision J—49 to 128, swimming 1 to 48 boxing oi wiestling, 129 to 166 gymnastics Division K—1 to 46, boxing oi w 1 estling Division L—1 to 36 boxing oi wiestling Division M—Wednesday night, 65 to 128, swimming, 1 to 61 and 129 to 202, boxing oi wiestling, mam gym flooi, Tuesday and Thuisdaj, 65 to 128, .,ymnastics Division N—Wednesday night, 65 to 128, swimming, 1 to 64 and 129 to 202 boxin,., pi wiestling mam gym floor, Tuesday and Ihuisday, 65 to 128, gymnastics Myyon Pikei, foimei Noithwest ein univeisity splint stai, who is in the Naval Midshipmen’s Tiaming School at Columbia univeisity, is still one ot the nation’s top lunneis fn the iccent Metiopolitan New Yoik AAU meet, Pikei finished in louith place, nosing out Eulice Peacock, loimei national champion
The
f
SpOhlA.
bfrwsL \
By joe Dawson
Echtoi’s Note The Waves were splashed todav by Jim A.ckerman
^ Looks Like Indiana And Illinois With just about one month left iii the confeience basketball lace and half of the games played, it looks as though the Big Ten may find its ciown lesting on two shouldeis, namely, Indiana and Illinois Both ot these teams have played about halt of then games oi will have by last night, and uji till last night both weie undefeated m Big Ten competition This yeai’s edition of the Hoo^aICi’s quintet looks as foimidable as any outfit in any pait of the countiy, as then lecoids show 13 victoiies and no defeats In the ensuing lace towaid the finish, Indiana has a much toughei load than do the Illmi, howevei, and this majt decide who is going to get full shaie ot the title, if either of the two teams do ► Don't Count The Riveters Out Yet Although the above two teams have not as yet chopped a game, neither have met then real tests in the final movement, and this may mean a chance for Wisconsin, Minnesota, or Purdue to slip in and take part ot the crown The ciown has been split before among thiee or four teams who have lost three games, and it the Riveters could come through the lest of then games with victories, while knocking oft such teams as Northwestern, Indiana and Wisconsin, they might tie for that ole crown jet ► Hoosiers Face Trouble With the experts lating Illinois and Indiana as the two best teams in the confeience, it seems a chance that they won’t get to meet and play each othei just to see who is the better of the two Indiana has yet to play such formidable opposition as Michigan Wisconsin, Maine sota, and then last, but by no means the least, the Boilermakers Illinois should easily take in stride Chicago and Ohio State but they may find trouble with Minnesota, Wisconsin and Noithvrcstein whom they have yet to play ► Football Worries If there is such a thing as football next tall in the confeience, Ohio State’s Paul Blown has plenty to ciy over As the semestei ended last week at Columbus, mentor Brown found that ot his 37 giiddeis who would normally have returned from last year’s squad of 42, only seven remained after the rest weie called to the colors Of these seven lone Buckeyes returning, one flunked his physical because of vhiicose veins, anothei because he can haidly see out ot one eye another is maiiied and the lest are temporalily defeiied because of pie medics If Ohio State cannot put a team on the field, although with the wealth ot material in the Buckeye state Blown says he can no other school will be able to either ► Don't Miss Frosh Tournament Theie is r real treat in store for Riveter students this coming week end when the fiist Big Ten frosh basketball tournament will be held in the Fieldhouse on Saturday For titty cents and a passport, students can see some ot the best yeailing material in the country when North westein Indian i Illinois and Puidue meet in this Reamer Gimlet spon soicd touincj
Rivders O^erpdweli'ed By Ohio Tankmen^ 6^-17 Counqiman, Follensbee, Ryan Star For Bucks; Heidke, Williamson Lead Hosts Splashing off with ]ust about everything but the Fieldhouse pool, Ohio State’s Buckeyes trimmed the Boilermaker tankmen 67-17 last night The Bucks copped all first places and snagged second in all but three of the evening’s events. The meet was not without its thrills, however, as the breast stroke race came through with the most thnlling finish of the evening It was a close race right down to the finish with Jim Councilman of the Bucks topping the field. Councilman holds the national breast stroke
IM Schedules
championship in both indoor and outdoor competition Roy Heidke, Riveter record holding flash, and Mammaliga, runner-up in the conference meet last season for Ohio, fought with Councilman right down to the finish line Mammaliga finished second and Heidke touched the pool edge right behind him foi thud place honors in the race which went foi 200 yards The winner’s time was 2 26 flat, two seconds short of the conference lecord held by Skinnei of Michigan’s mighty Wol-
verines
Williamson Outstanding
However the outstanding pei foimei of the evening was not one of the winneis The Boilermakers iiddled by ineligibilities, weie toiced to use then captain, Joe Wil liamson, in three of the toughest events Joe cairied the colois in each contest and swam the best race he knew how in each competition Joe competed in the 50 yaid fiee style, gaming a third place Then he faced the field in his regular event, the 200 yard breaststroke, and culminated the evening by swimming anchor man on the Boiler maker 400 yard relay team It is a lot to ask any swimmer to com pete in three events in the same evening, but when these events are of such a varied nature it is even a hardei task Too much cannot be said tor Joe who peiTormed in a
BASKETBALL Monday, February 8 Court 3—Johnson 7 00 Unit 3 vs Unit 2 7 16 Unit 4 vs Unit 5 8 10 Unit 6 vs Unit 7 Court 4—Biughdidt Mignin 7 00 Ward 22 vs Ag Chem 7^15 Ward 25 vs Waul 3 RIFLE PRACTICE Mondav, February 8 3 00 — Phi Kappa Sigma Phi Kappa Tail, Phi Sigma Kappa Pi Kappa Alpha 5 00 — Pi Kappa Phi Sigma Alpha Epsilon Sigma Alpha Mu Sigma Chi 7 00—Sigma Nu Sigma Phi Ep silon. Sigma Pi, Tau Epsilon Phi 8 00—Tau Kappa Epsilon Theta Chi, Theta Tau, Theta Xi Triangle Anyone not irrving reported to play then fiist lound in All Campus Ping Pong Touinament please do so Monday evening between 4 and 5 15 The paiiings will be made as vou appear at the Ping pong loom If you have signed up for the All Campus Ping Pong Tournament and do not intend to play, please re port same to the Intiamuial Office The tollowing Squash matches will be played Monday evening, Jan
8
Couit 1
7 00 Phi Kappa vs Beta Theta Pi
8 00 Alpha’Chi Rho vs Sigma Phi cieditable manner throughout the
Epsilon Court 2 7 00 Sigma Nu vs Phi Kappa Psi Couit 3 7 00 Winnei of Pi Kappa Phi and Theta Chi vs Kappa Sigma vs winnei of Theta Xi vs Delta Upsilon
competition
Diving Exhibition Ohio’s two ace divers, Dempsey and Anerson, did not accompany the team on the tup to the Riveter institution Howevei, Charlie Battelman and Strong of Ohio put on an (See TANKMEN, page 4)
.Welcome Freshmen TO OLD PURDUE FROM DEAC For thirty-five years this home-owned store has greeted each freshman class with this welcome that is really genuine. Come in and meet the boys and girls of Purdue who help run this store. You will find a friendly atmosphere that I believe you will like. We have everything for a college education. New books and second-hand books for each course taught at Purdue. Form A and B and all other form paper used at Purdue. Drawing instruments, slide rules and all drawing supplies. We also have a complete line of toilet articles; tooth p^ste, tooth brushes, shaving cream or anything you may need in this line. We have a gift store and we are the agents for Whitman’s famous candy. All athletic equipment, also the clothes which you wear in your physical education classes for men. We are the bus station, American Express Agent, the Railway Express and many services to moke your stay at Purdue a pleasant one. Hoping to meet you personally and wishing you good studying with one of our famous genuine Eye-Ease Lamps. Yours sincerely H. G. Reisiier Book Store DEAC’Spn
'I'-"/)’
Ik .
Purdue Exponent
Sutiday, February 7, 194$
9jl JhiL ^ku/uchsiA. Weslej Foundation 9:30 a. m. Student Church School. Two classes are oflFered each Sunday morning:: (1) “A Skeptic Looks at the Bible,” taug:ht by the Rev. E. B. Balsley. (2) “The Great Ideas o^ the Bible,” taught by Prof. D. H. Pa{ter.son. 10:40 a. in. Morning- Worship Seiwice. Dr. Otto Scott Steele will slgeak on the theme: “Faith in God.” Special music will be furnished by the Paul Tincher Smith Memorial choH-. 5:16 p. m. Wesley Vesper Evening Progx'am. A fellowship supper will be served at 5:30 p. m. in the Great Hall for 20c. At 6:30 Rev. Doyle Mullen will lead in the discussion on the theme, “Maintaining OPr Sanity in Day Like These.”
Personnel Notes Prof.W.E.Howhnd
Companies Scheduled to Visit Campus: Calco Chemical Division, American Cyanamid Co., Bound Brook, N. J.—F'ebruary 16. Interested in April and August ChE, Science (chemists).
Fnivcrsily I’resbyterian Church North St. near Giant 9:30 a. m. Sunday Schol. 10:30 a. m. Morning Worship. "The Lengthened Shadow of One Man” will be the subject of Mr. Shaw’s sermon. Mr. Shaw will fill the pulpit during the absence of Rev. Findley. The organ numbers will be “Vision” by Rheinberger, “Prelude” by Chopin, and “Paeon Exultant” by Smith. 6:00 p. in. Sunday Evening Club. Rabbi Simon will be speaker of the evening and the members of the Hillel Foundation are to be guests.
West Lafayette Baptist Church Corner of Chauncey and Columbia 9tS0 a. m. Roger Williams Foundation Class. Prof. Eric Gieenfield teacher of International Le.sson. 10:35 a. m. Boy Scout Sunday and Communion Sunday. Message by the pastor, “Decisive Boys of the iVorld.” The choir directed by Ivah Gruver Price will sing “Lamb of God*’ by Bizet. Arthur -Jacklin, org’afiist. 5:00 p. m. Roger Williams Foundation Fellowship Hour and 15 cent supper. 6:30 p. m. Forum Hour. Prof. Goidon Graves of the Math. Dept, will speak on the subject, “The Basis for a Just and Durable Peace.” Vespeis will follow. 7:30 p. m. The discussion will be continued at the jiaisonage, 146 S. Grant Street.
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday m the Lafayette Christian Church, 6th and Noith St.: 9:30 a. m. Student Classes. Two classes, now. Special Bible Clas.s lor those who are willing to buy an inexpensive text-book, to attend regularly eveiy Sunday, and to read the Bible and text-book dining the week. Foi all otheis, Di. A. A. Smith of the Sociology Dept, will speak on the subject of "Some Golden Key.s of Chi istian Service.” 10:40 a. .-.i. Chinch Worship Service. “A Test Foi Changed«Peo]ile” is the title of the seimop the Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach. All welcome to .stay for Communion since it is closed to no one. This is an “open-communion Chinch.” Evening at 131 S. Grant (half-
block from Union)-
5:15 p. m. 15c Slipper. Sign up at
These companie.s do not plan to visit the campus; however, they are interested in students for employ-
ment:
Ken-Rad Tube & Lamp Corporation, Owensboro, Kentucky—Interested in men or women who have training in physics or electrical engineering. Sign 111 Personnel Office by Wednesday, February 10. Continent Can Co., Inc., Chicago, Illinois — Interested in analytical chemists and chemical engineers. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, Febi uary 16. Tankmen (Continued from page 3) excellent diving exhibition for the crowd, as they finished one, two in the diving. Rules Changed The conference diving rules were modified this season. Foimerly each man was given five required dives and was then permitted to select five optionals. Now, under the new 1 ules they draw their required dives, three in number, and then continue with the optionals undei the old system. Johnny Jeungst was high man for the Riveter divers with a total of 258.8 points, while Wallie Grube followed him with 168.5. The top men, Batternian and Strong, garnered 291.7 and 281.7 points respectively. British Corporal Visits Corps Day Into the Armoiy last Tuesday walked a veiy proud sophomore, sporting his new coiporal stripes. His pi-ide was vciy short lived, howevei, for he i\as at once pointed out by the rest of the military students as a member of the British Army. (Then- stripes jioint down instead of up like the Americans.) 7’his student at once began a fi antic seaich foi a knife oi some othoi shai p object v ith which to cut off the misplaced stripes, but the students that had first seen the mistake had a smile on their faces all thi ough the Corps Day di ill.
, . . of the Civil Engineering School and his son, Bradford, arc co-authors of an article appearingin the February issue of the Field Artillery Journal illustrating- new methods of rapid determination of artillery firing ranges. Two different types of charts were prepared by the authors to facilitate
these determinations.
Classified , Ads
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia. Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph woik done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2770. Wanted—Students interested in peddling the Exponent. Call Exponent, 4005. Ask for K roeplin. For Sale: Ohlsson “19” Never been used. Good condition. Phone 01713, C. Luginbill,
Delta Kho Kappa: Important meeting Tuesday, Feb. 9. Room will bo announced }aler. —BOSMA Plying Club: Regular meeting Tuesday, Feb. {), at 7 :30 p. m. in room 263 of the Union. Bring semester dues. — SCELZE WAA Members: All girls interested in a council position for next year get a petition from the W'AA office. Petitions must be filled out and turned in by Friday, Feb. 12.
—HENNIS
Alplm Zeta: Meeting Tuesday, Feb. 9, at 7 1). m. in room 232 of the Union. Refreshments will lie .served. —SKINNER All M. T- 7 Students: Report to University Cashier and draw uniform eomutation money. —BROWN Camera Chib: Sign for darkroom lockers at west desk. All lockers not signed for by Feb. 12 will be broken open for new members. —HAYWARD
POMM: All pledges and active bring 76c to rough night Saturday February 6, for banquet tickets. This is the only time tickets may be purchased as none will be sold at the door. -^CHAPIN Navy V-1, V-6 and V-7: Members of Navy Enlisted Reserve who do not have pocket cards to prove membership in the Navy'Reserve should leave name, place and date of induction, home address and classification in my office. A request for these cards will be made to the Office of Naval Officer Procurement. —KNAPP Engineering Lectures: G. E. 1 meet Saturday as scheduled. G. E. 2 no meting Feb. 6 or 13. Watch for notice of futui*e meeting in Thursday and Friday Exponent.
—KNAPP
Skull and Crescent Actives: Important meeting Feb. ,11 at 7:15 in room 302 of the Union. Actives who do not have paddles yet can get them then. —CHESTNUT
Lutheran Students—Everyone is invited to attend a socinl meeting, Sunday, Feb. 7, at 7:80 p. m. at 620 N. Ninth St. An enjoyable evening is assured for all. Take Monon Shops bus and ,get off at Jefferson High School. —WALLACE SCA Board: Usual meeting Tuesday, Feb. 9, at 7:30 p. m. House mergers will bo discussed. ^ —ANTONACCIO Reamers: Meeting Monday, Feb. 8, at 7 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. Pledges at 7:30. Don’t forget ticket report.
—BRAY
WeHtminster Girls Club: The
date has been changed to I^ebnihry 16. TOe group will meet at the ^undaHon, 820 Notxh St., for supper. Miss Edith Gamble of the
Institutibn Manattcment Department.
speak on “Vitamins, Vitality and Victonr .
—THOMA,
Gold Peppers: Dinner mectinB Tuesday,' Feb, 9, at 5:16 p. m. at t_%TMa ho^'^Jj); Delta Rho Kappa: Important mcetinR, Tuesday, Feb. 9. Room will
Notices
No Notices will be accepted for this column after 6 p. m. on the day preceding the issue. Students: Who would like part time work should get in touch with the Dean of Men’s Office. —GOLDSMITH Interfraiernity Presidents Council; Members may get theii council keys at the Fratcinitv Allairs Office. —MORGAN Purdue PIa>ers: Meeting Tuesday Feb 9. at 7 .70 p. m. in Fowlei llall Initiation of new membcib - GRAY Second Semester Juniors and Seniors: Sign up foi an appointment to ha\e vour Deb) IS jiicture taken in fiont of the Debris office imnudnitely. Office* will be open from 1 :00 to .7.00 p. m Fcbruaiy H, 0, and 10. - REN’ISCH' Newman Club: The monthly lua.iklast will be held Sundav Feb 7 in St Maiys auditorium after tht 4 MO Mass All Catholics are urged to attend AULT Girls interested in Swimming: Come to Tilton meeting Tuesday. Ft b 4 - WATERHURY Sluifflcboard Tournament: Second match must be plaved bv F^ida^. Feb 12 Watcibur> King, Williamson \s Gumppti, Tayjoi \s. Pat Hcnnis. WATERHURY
Triton: Rtgulai mceti
r Tuesda\ IM) 4. WATERHURY
Plan Your Meals with One of Our Luscious Pies for Desert They’ll save hours in the kitchen and there’s the advantage of saving your sugar for other needs.
Compliments of
GLEASON'S PIES
211 South St., West Lafayette
Phone 6839
It’s more important than ever to save your clothes these days. Fabrics cleaned often and by gentle methods are long lived and fresh. Our low prices make frequent cleaning a double economy.
Phone 4081
^ DELIVERY FREE
Northwestern at Vine Street
Student Clatis, or telephone 4393 hy 4.-00. 5:45 )). m. Forum pioqiam, including singing, recreation, discussion and vespers. The thiul and last in the series on “Christian Faith and Democracy” will be held for discussion. Close piomptly at 7:30.
Send her some Home Made candy. Packed ready for mailing. — Try our fountain service —
Phone 4441
536 Main
Do You Do Your Own Repairing? If you do, see us. We carry a complete line in hardware and household fixtures. Keep your home in repair and save in the long run. EDGERTON HARDWARE E. W. VanMeter, Pres.
Southworth’s
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schulfz Bldg.
Phone 5701
4th and Main Sts
VOWDERAUTT* /I ^Im40*u hm* Rewdtr-Mitt (its the kind tnujly, tpittit powder smootiily <i it tilleri titrousk from llic rcfilltbit feuck btiwttn ptlm and pufT, Appla bloiism or bevqvtl powder. Floral print £Overin]i, $1.00 JiaeliiL
//
9^ ipSJL OJtSL
'AboJiiimp to woik. 'UmJn Scurt
Now is the time— Here is the place—
to unload those
USED BOGUS which you no longer need YOU’LL get MORE in CASH or TRADE at PTOE BOCK ^SUPPLY STORE 308-10 STATE iTREEl WE5T LAFAYETTE INia
Southworth’s
•if-