►
e the Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 156 April 17. 1938
liiil@riiiik©rs i, $hk T@©©krs 2
The Week’s NEWS
National Easter Parades . . . . . . will splash the country with Spring color today as perfect weather greets most of the nation. A full week-end of religious ceremonies and services will be climaxed with Easter Sunday worship, starting before sunrise and continuing throughout the day. The President Roosevelts plan to spend a quiet Easter Sunday as a prelude to a hectic egg-rolling Monday, during which 50,000 children will invade White House grounds. Mrs. Roosevelt will attend sunrise services in Arlington Cemetery, and then go with her husband to morning worship at St. Thomas Episcopal Church. Illinois Democrats . . . . . . went to the primary polls Tuesday and shattered the strongarm reign of the Kelly-Nash political machine . . . nominating men previously scorned by that faction. (Kelly is Chicago Mayor Edward J. Kelly—Nash is Democratic National Committeeman Patrick A. Nash.) Governor Henry Horner, dropped by the machine in 1936, and Judge Edmund K. Jarecki, of the Cook County Court, abandoned because he sentenced too many fraudulent voters, both won renomination by large majorities. Horner - backed Rep. Scott Lucas met the powerful challenge of Kelly-Nash Candidate Michael Igoe, and was nominated again for the state senatorial position after many down-state Republicans joined Democrats in primary voting.
Easter Arrives^ Bringing Annual Spring Parade By Dorothea Justin Easter—the day celebrated by Christian churches as the day Jesus Christ, crucified son of God, arose from the dead. Easter—now symbolic of hope, the miraculous, and inspiration in the church—has been welcomed by merchants as an aid in selling clothes. Be springlike! Rejuvenate your spirit with spring suits, hats, ties, and flowers, shriek advertisements at this time of year. Look pretty for Easter. At church ministers will look over the filled and overflowing auditoriums and plead for such attendance throughout the year. At the first of the services, there will be the rustling of dressed-up women peeking at their neighbors’ headgear will fascinate them for a time. But as the tale of resurrection is retold, most will become quiet, and gain hope and faith as they listen to the beautiful story of hope and mystery sublime.
Washington
Appealing . . . ... to the nation in his eleventh “fireside chat” Thursday night, the President this week launched official government “pump' priming” for 1938. Thus abandoned is the strategy of sitting out the depression and recognized is the fact that the nation is heading into another real depression—unless current tendencies are halted. Roosevelt’s recovery campaign calls for a 4(4 billion dollar lending and spending program. Chief differe)rice in “pump priming” (Continued on page 4)
Band To Present Easter Concert
Correction
Scabbard and Blade, national military society, initiated 31 men instead of 28 men as was erroneously stated in Friday’s Exponent. The names of the men who were omitted from the list are; F. C. Baase, W. H. Smith, and R. P. Anthes.
Harmony Class Works Year On Arrangements University Symphonic Band will present an Easter concert this afternoon at 2:30 in Jefferson High School Gymnasium. The Lafayette Chamber of Commerce and Lafayette School Boards are sponsoring the program. A special group from the advanced harmony class arranged the numbers for the instrumentatation of the Band. The four movements of Peter Tschaikowsky’s “Fifth Symphony” will be played. The featured triple tongued trumpet trio will play Walter M. Smith’s “Bolero.” The program will include: “Magic Flute,” by Mozart; “Symphony No. Five,” by Tschaikowsky; “Bolero” by Smith; “Tales' from Vienna Woods,” by Strauss; and “William Tell Overture,” by Rossini. ‘ Prof, Jordan Inspects Eastern Universities Inspecting colleges of pharmacy at the Universities of Fordham, Long Island, and Buffalo, Prof. C. B. Jordan, dean of the pharmacy school, acting in his capacity as chairman of the college investigation committee of the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy, will determine the eligibility of these institutions for membership in the association.
Co-eds Will Hear Maritil Lecture Dr. Lucia E. Tower, of Chicago, will deliver the fifth marital lecture for senior women, Tuesday evening at 8:30 in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union, Dorothy Martenet chairman of the WSGA comimttee sponsoring the lecture series, announced last
night.
Dr. Tower will discuss “The Hygiene of Marriage,” after which she will answer questions from the audience. Miss Martenet also said that the lecture scheduled for April 28 had been advanced to May 5. New Staff Issues Next Independent Under the supervision of a new editor-in-chief, the Purdue Independent, which will be distributed to all independent houses tomorrow morming, will feature stories on the Independent staff election and ROTC National Inspection. The Independent will also include articles on a PIA trip to Ok lahoma University, Reamer Club movie, and Glider Club meet at
Benton Harbor.
Tau Kappa Epsilon . . . . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Robert L. Riester,
Gary.
Chef Burns Big Shots At SDX Razzes
“Quaking, quivering students and faculty memBers, hopeless in their last throes of fear, are futilely attempting to gird themselves to face the pent-up wrath of the all-knowing immortal Chef when the fiery dictator releases his scorching campus scandal at 6 o’clock tonight at the annual Sigma Delta Chi gridiron razz banquet in the Union ballroom!” so read the lead story in the Ejcponent of March 10, 1931. Back in those days “Chef” ruled with an iron hand, and his irivitation to attend the razz-ban-quets was considered as potent as court orders. (This year Roastmaster will take the place of Chef.) Skits and prize awards were in order, and the person being razzed usually had his own script, which he was forced to
read. Part of a skit found in the files read somewhat as follows: Be it resolved that: Representative —^^— has so degraded the prestige of the important office which he holds by unnecessary conversation with the various and sundry office girls around the city of Lafayette, Indiana,- thereby disrupting business and causing danger of high blood pressure. Chef: Representative of the “Wreck ’em and toe ’em” garage, do you wish to make any statement at this time? Chef: No, well by virtue of the power vested in me I decree that you be transferred to the Outhouse committee, better known as the Committee on the Whole. . . . Tickets for the banquet were always sold at odd prices—com-
mon tariffs being $2.51, $2.13(4, or $2.49. Secret mailing lists were kept, and persons who failed to attend after one invitation were automatically crossed off the lists
for following years,
A lengthy waiting list always grabbed up any returned tickets immediately, and the ballroom generally housed about 275 persons for the dinner and razz session. Different themes were used each year for the presentation of the razz. One year SDX officials conducted a “court of Razz,” where everyone testified and no jury dared say “not guilty.” Another time the whole affair was called a meeting of the house of representatives of the State of Upheaval. The skit above was part of the order of business of that meeting. «
\Second Victory \In 3 Home Starts Purdue’s baseball squad defeated the Western State Teachers’ nine yesterday afternoon, 6-2, on the field in back of the Fieldhouse, playing under skies that threatened rain during the entire game. The victory was the Boilermaker’s second in three starts on the home grounds so far this season. Stu Heiss and Arnold Bredewater pitched for Purdue. Heiss went six innings and gave three hits, while Bredewater worked the last three frames and held the visitors hitless. Since the score was tied up at 2 all when Arnold went in, he was rated the winning pitcher. Thompson did the mound
work for the visitors.
Things started out not very encouraging for the Boilermakers. In the second inning Srob, State catcher, got on base on an error. The next two men went down, but Staggs and Bulfer followed with a hit apiece to drive in two runs, putting the Teachers ahead, 2-0.
Visitors Threaten
The next inning it looked as if the visitors would add a few more tallies to their score. Lambert drew a walk; Thompson sacrificed; J. Kraushaar took three strikes, but Yeager dropped the ball on the third strike and Kraushaar beat out the throw to first. During the excitement, Lambert went to
third.
Kraushaar stole a base, and Heiss found himself in a bad hole, with men on second and third and one out. He tightened up nicely, though, and retired the next two men with a strikeout and a pop
fly.
Purdue came to life in its half of the third. Vernon drove out a single, and Dean, who was hit in the head by a pitched ball in the first inning, knocked a beautiful hit into deep left field for three bases. He came home after the catch of Lyboult’s long fly to deep center field, ending the scoring in that frame. Game Tied Up With the game tied up, things were quiet until the seventh, when Bredewater added one run to the Boilermaker’s score on a walk, a sacrifice by Vernon, and a hit by Dean. In the ninth inning the home team again got started, scoring three mns on a three bagger by Art Bredewater and singles by Thompson and-Vernon. Arnold Bredewater showed the (Continued on page 3)THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday. April 17, 1938
Automobile Accident Involves 2 Students Two Univeisity students weie involved in an automobile acci dent, when two cais collided at the coinei of State and Pieice stieets in the village, yesteiday noon An automobile diiven by G M Adams, fieshman en^incci fiom Chicaeo, vas tiaveling east on State when a late model cai, di iv cn b\ Heniy Mai shall, attempted to Cl OSS the tho ouohfaic—aitei h Mil waited until the coast was fjijicitith deal Maishall’s cai v as spun com pleid^ aioundb\ LhcJoicc d chc Lhw which smashed the i u^ht ica Icmki of the c^hick Iso one was stiioush iniuicd J T G Ibei ti ( m Roci cstc i (Wiui of theca dincnbt A.d im and I'sn a licshman engincei, was idin j on the lunnino boaid at the t me o the accident He was till own iieaily ten teet and tell on his link ind skid a shod distance PC o s the bi icks Ilowevei he sufteicd only biuises and o± being “a bit stiff Gilbcd’s cai was dcina^ d ciy little State police ailived and had taken o\ei the situation within thiec minutes aftei it happened
ARC
Staff Members Develop Selenium Derivatives Pi of E F Degeiing and J A Bilderback, lesaich woikeis of the chemistry department, lecently completed woik on seven new selenium derivatives of salicylic acid aiding in the development of a new synthesis foi the pioduction of 01 game compounds of this type Selenium tetiachloiide was used toi the fiist time as a condensing agent in the piepaiation of these deiivatives. Salicylic acid is a well knowm compound, its acetic acid dciivatne being known to the pub he as “aspiiin ” 50 More Police To Coovene Tomorrow Ll Waltei Mensei will bung appioximatcly 50 moie Indiana State Police to the Umveisity tomoiiow toi the week ot State Police schools hcie Fifty one police went back to then post in noithein In diana yesteiday Duiing the past week, olficeis weie taught photogiaphy, laws of evidence, and accident lepoiting As an added featui e, Fiitiay aft einoon, a fust aid team of co-eds, headed by Kathiyn Meiiitt, gave a demonstiation foi the visiting police Candidates Needed For
TODAY -- TOMORROW Pfosh Teuiiis Toumey
FRAHK CANA’S Greatest Produeiion RONALD OOLiAN
m
Pop Eye ill “Sinbad the Sailor” all in “technicolor” — also — MARCH OF TIME
As soon as a sufficiently large legistration is made on the fresh man tennis entiy list posted on the intiamural bulletin boaid in the Fieldhouse, the pielimmaiy matches foi the determination of numeial awaids will be played The top lanking four oi six men in the final standing will leceive fieshman numeials in tennis The Fieldhouse courts may be reserved foi piactice 01 matches by making reseivations at the check-out window in the sub basement of the Fieldhouse
Deadline Date Set For PIA Petitions Deadline foi petitions foi offices in the Puidue Independent Association has been set foi noon Satin day, Apiil 23, accoiding to a statement made yesteiday by PIA Piesident R H Schlundt Any student who has been a membei of the oigamzation foi I he past yeai oi longei is eligible CO lun foi office Candidates must have 25 PIA membei’s signatuies on then ]ictilions beloie tinning them in at the Independent office in the Union Building Electiois will be held Tuesday Apiil 26 in the Union Building nnd the booths located in the lob by wdl be ojicn liom 7 oO a m to 5 >{) p m Tims fai, the oi gani/ation has icccued petitions fi oni two pie si ekntial candidates Don Wells, '^liE 39, and Ralph Maby, Ag ’39, have alieady submitted then bids loi offices in the oigamzation BOLD and BLACK OUR SLEUTHS tell us that the Alfaki’s and the Lam da ky’s aie gom’ on an I astei egg hunt today . and the hunt w ill be on then adjacent f 1 ont lawns . WE THINK . . . Happy Hollow . . oi possibly the anpoit would be a much bettei place to . hunt AND THEN THERE’S the idea of hunting Eastei eggs ovei a wide teiiitoiy by aiiplane . that’s an idea for the Flying Club . . using this idea vou don’t have to woiiy about stopping to get the eggs . . just keep on doing . .. whatever you’re
doing. POME
The Easter bunny, Ain’t he a honey. But I nevei knew,
THE SHOW THAT HAS EVERYTHIM6 the greatest cast of stars ever assembled, Ben Hecht’s gayest story and Gershwin’s glorious song hits.
•LOVE IS HERE TO STAY” “LOVE WALKED IN” ^'WAS D0IN6 ALL RIGHT” •SPRING AGAIN” LOVE TO RHYME” “PUSSY, PUSSY"
Edgar Bergen and CHARLIE McCarthy Adolph Menjou Ritz Bros. Zorina Kenny Baker
UUlU
ALL WEEK
Starting TODAY
He could lay icing-covered choco-
late eggs.
IN FACT WE . . . . . didn’t know he COULD lay eggs ... we thought that was a job foi the chickens . . and not the co-ed vaiiety
WE NOMINATE FOR . . . . . the Eastei Bunny job none othei than Gentleman Doc McKee . . . you look at him and tell us why. THOUGHT FOR . . . . . . Eastei . . . test tomoriow.
<3
Six Songs
you llsoonbeswLng
mgandswayingto
¥
STARS ALL AROUNDHBR\ mMSR BBST-OF-ALL MUSICAL^Sfh^ w > RANDOLPH SCOTT JACK HAIEY * eiOMA STUAKT PHYIOS BROOKS ★ HillN WiSIllY Slim SUAfiMiRVILLE ★ Bill ROlinSON AlosBINiHART ★ ildword BROMSIRO^l NOW SHOWING
CARTOON
CO’PEDY
The hsapplest, siifiest; swiitgiest casgo thet ever sailed ociess the scieenl
The Smoothest Sailing Dance rM Team in
mm WHITIi^Q Emm mmmN
— EXTRA — Charlie “Wooden Head’’ McCarthy in “NECKIN’ PARTY”
NOW SHOWINGSunday, April 17, 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
WAA
Ten co-eds, accompanied by Miss iVeromca Brady, of the women’s |physical education department, dll journey to Hanover to partifcipate in the annual WAA Baseiball Playday next Saturday. Most |of the colleges in Indiana will be represented at the co-ed conven!tion. WAA President Kathryn Merritt said last night that all girls nterested in making the trip should get in touch with her by Tuesday, April 19. Transportation vill be provided for the occasion. The group will leave the University at approximately 5 a. m. Saturday and will return sometime
the same night. Listed on the prdgram fof the Playday are an hoiur of short baseball games with other schools, a 12 o’clock luncheon followed by a guest speaker prominent in physical education work, and a tea, begining at 3 o’clock, for all Playday participants. Dizzy Dean... . . . much publicized diamond hero of the St. Louis Cardinals, has joined the ranks of the Chicago Cubs. It was reported last night that the Chicago National League team traded Curt Davis, Clyde Shoun, Tuck Stainback, and an unannounced sum of money to the St. Louis club for Diz.
Students Attention You can procure coupon tickets at the Memorial Union and the Field House good for a round of golf at LINEE’S FIELDS LAFAYETTE'S PUBLIC GOLF COURSE at special Purdue University rates as follows: 9 holes, 25c,-18 holes, 40c. The Day and Night Driving Range Now Open
Boilermakers(Continued from page 1) visitors some fine mound work when in his first inning, the seventh, he retired the side on six pitched balls. Crowd Dislikes Decision In spite of the lowering skies, a crowd of about 250 witnessed the game. The spectators seemed to enjoy all of the game except a decision in the eighth. Stamm hit a grounder to the State second baseman, who made a wild throw to first. The first baseman had to jump about three feet off the base to catch the ball, but umpire Harbaugh didn’t seem to notice and called Stamm out. The Boilermakers will play their fourth game of the season Tuesday; when they will journey to Indianapolis to meet the Butler
The box scoi’e: Western State AB R H E Stearns, ss 4 0 0 1 Lambert, 3b 3 011 Thompson, j) 3 0 0 0 J. Kraushaar, If 3 0 0 0 Srob,c 5 1 a a. Stewart, lb 4 0 0 0 R. Kraushgar, cf 3 0 0 0 Staggs, rf 3 110 Bulfer, 2b 3 0 11 ^Willard 1 0 0 0 Totals 30 2 3 4 *Batted for Bulfer in ninth. Purdue AB R H E Vernon, If 3 1 2 0 Dean, rf 4 12 0 Lyboult, 2b 4 0 0 1 Mackiewicz, 3b 4 0 10 Stamm, cf 4 0 0 0 Thompson, ss 4 110 Waling, lb 2 10 0 Yeager, c 2 1 0 1 Art Bredewater, c 2 0 10 Heiss, p 1 0 0 1
Intmmurals
Baseball Tomorrow Diamond , 1— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Theta Tau. 2— Phi Pi Phi vs. Acacia. 3— Delta Chi vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 4— Pi Kappa Phi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. .5—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Beta Theta Pi. 6— Delta Upsilon vs. Kappa Sigma. 7— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 8— Triangle vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 9— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 10—Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Fraternity Tennis Singles Tomorrow Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Phi Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. SAM or SAE vs. AKL or Beta Theta Pi. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. ATO or Theta ^i.
Arnold Bredewater, p..l 10 0 Totals 31 6 7 3 Batteries: Western State — Thompson and Srob; Purdue — Heiss, Arnold Bredewater, and Yeager, Art Bredewater. Threebase hits: Dean and Art Bredewater. Strikeouts: by Thompson, 5; by Heiss, 6; by Arnold Bi-ede-water, 3. Bases on balls; by Arnold Bredewater, 2; by Thompson, 3; by Heiss, 3.
Guesswork Is Out! Be Protected
We don't guess about the quality of our milk. Why not protect your greatest asset.. . Good Health. Give yourself plenty of nature's own health prescription... Good, Fresh, Pasteurized Milk. Start delivery today by calling ... 5015. SUNSHINE FARMS
Gridders Show Improvement In Early Practice By Joe Dolan Improvement has been making its appearance throughout the football squad among many of the major letter men, promising fresh- ^ men and last year’s reserves. Augie Morningstar, a reserve end last season, has overcome his inability to pass accurately and is giving Petry and Humphrey a lot of stiff competition for the center position. Augie is also becoming a good defensive player. Frank Bykowski, regular guard’ last season and called by Carnegie Tech’s head coach “one of the best we played against,” is continuing to improve during spring Gaining and shows promise of gaining national recognition if he continues to improve at the present rate. In the Boilermaker backfield Lou Brock and Red Shackleton have been capturing the sideliner’s eyes with their play. Lou Brock, who last season had as much publicity showered on him as any other Gold and Black gridder, has not been affected by the praises of the writers. Lou has been catching passes, blocking, punting, and cai’rying the ball with plenty of ginger. Shackleton, whose father was Purdue’s quarterback during the campaigns of ’04 and ’05, has shown remarkable field generalship during spring practice. “Red” is capable of playing smart football and is a natural leader. Groom Golf Course For State Tourney Because of the coming annual Indiana Junior State Golf Tournament, which will be held at the West Lafayette Country Club July 25 to 29, considerable work has been started on the fairways and greens to put them in top condition for the Hoosier classic for junior golfers. Green number 14, commonly known as the “lake hole,” and the greens on 15 and 17 have all been reworked this spring in anticipation of the coming event, which is expected to attract youngsters from the Ohio River to Lake Michigan. Sand traps over the course have been repaired and cleaned so that anyone finding a resting place in the sand on the approach shots will have to pitch out. Anyone wishing information on the coming tournament should get in touch with Bob Hoffer of West Lafayette, secretary-treasurer of the Junior Gold Association. All-Campus Golf Purdue’s annual all-campus golf tournament is scheduled to start as soon as arrangements are completed for the meet. All students are eligible to participate except varsity letter men. Faculty members are welcome to enter. A fee of 10 cents must be paid when the entry is made.THE PUHDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, April 17, 1938
LOST—Polyphase Rupler Slide Rule. Finder please return. Call Smith 65091.
Notices
Purdue Motorcyclists: Short prelimiTiary meeting at Airport Sunday, April 17. at 10 a. m. All riders invited. —MARKS, BADE.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, April 17, at 7:30 p. m. at 326 Chauncey. Bring manuscripts —FELDMAN.
Purdue Union of Jewish Youth: Me^ ing Sunday, April 17, at 4:30 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. —HONOROFF.
Reamer Club: Meeting Monday, April 18, at 8 p. m. in room A of the Union. Everyone be there. —ROSS.
Independent Men: All interested in singing in Fraternity Sing report Monday, April 18, at 4 o’clock in Fowler Hall. Membeiship in PIA is not necessary. —CODDINGTON. WAA: All girls interested in going to Hanover for the baseball playday April 23, call me by Tuesday, April 19. —MERRITT. Professor Suggests Calendar Revision Prof. James Troop, of the entomology department, has been working out a way to revise the calendar, including making Easter a definite day. He recently stated, “I would change the date of Easter Sunday, which now jumps around over a month, and make it come on the first Sunday in April.” Regarding a change to a 13month calendar. Professor Troop said that he would keep the present calendar but take one day from both January and March, giving the days to February so that it would have 30 days. Co-eds Will Discuss Cooperative Houses Co-eds who want to live in cooperative rooming houses at the University next year will meet in the Union reception room at 7:30 Tuesday evening to discuss plans for the future. Gladys Knoilman, HE ’39, of the Student Cooperative Association, invites all girls interested in that plan of living to attend the meeting.
The Week’s NEWS
(Continued from page 1) 1938 style and “pump priming” 1933 style is that PWA lending will receive moie emphasis while WPA charity spending takes a back seat. Self-liquidating public works will be first to receive government approval. “From unemployment, insecurity, government weakness, and
government confusion grew the dictatorships of other lands,” said the President in his fireside chat. “Such a spending program will cost something, but we are a rich nation and can afford to pay for security and prosperity without having to sacrifice our liberties in the bargain.” The spending program he called a “trigger to set off private activity." Immediate response came from the Treasury and the federal reserve board. A swift stroke of Secretary of Treasury Henry A. Morgenthau’s pen late Friday placed the 1 billion, 391 million dollar government gold hoard in the Treasury’s working fund. Idle gold was made available to ex pand the nation’s credit base. Acting at the President’s suggestiotti, the reserve board fol lowed suit, reducing bank reserve lequirements by 750 million dollars. This reduction provides a 2 billion, 150 million dollar increase in excess reserves which, in turn, would permit a credit expansion of 10 billion dollars. Mentioned in the President’s anti-depression proposals is the possibility of eliminating tax exemptions on future government bond issues. Also, the chief executive suggests that government employees be subject to both state and federal income taxes. At piesent, federal employees do not pay state income taxes . . . state, county, and municipal employees do not pay fedeial income taxes. Simultaneously . . . . . . with the week’s new spending plans came a Treasury announcement that deficit for the year had passed the billion dollar mark. Roosevelt’s budget estimates now indicate that the deficit will reach $1,544,000,000 by June 30, end of the fiscal year. Almost Ready . . . . . . for the press is the new U. S. one-cent stamp. Designed by New York Artist Elaine Rawlinson and bearing a profile of George Washington, the stamp is one of the new Presidential series. Business Richard Whitney . . . . . . former head of the New York Stock Exchange, was taken to Sing Sing prison Monday to do manual labor for probably the first time in his life. Whitney is serving a ten-year term for grand larceny ... at best, with perfect behavior, he may become free by pardon in three, years, four months. Raid . . . . .., of Chicago’s brokerage firm of Ho'agland and Allum Co., Inc., Friday by the state’s attorney’s office brought the arrest of three principal officers. Clients of the company charged the brokers with failing to account for $350,000 to $400,000 entrusted to their care. Russell W. Brown, one of the company’s vice presidents, died a few hours before the raid. He had been found Wednesday in the garage back of his home; a victim of motor exhaust fumes.
Bumper Wheat Crops • • • . .. can be expected in Indiana this year if recent hea’vy rains cease . .. that was the opinion this week of Manager M. D. Gould of the Indiana Grain Co-Operative, Inc. “Crop experts are predicting the third largest crop of winter wheat ever raised in the United States,” Gold said. “The estimate is for a production of 717,0(K),000 bushels.” Violation . . . ... of the Wagner Labor Act was ascribed to Connerville’s Rex Manufacturing Co., Inc., Thursday in an NLRB trial examiner’s report. Rex officials were directed to quit discouraging employee membership in bona fide labor organizations. War Spanish Rebels . . . . . . succeeded in cutting Catalonia off from the rest of loyalist Spain this week. Friday they drove a wedge into 'Vinaroz, Mediterranean port south of the Catalonian border, and then spread out for 12 miles along the coast. In Friday's action alone, veteran Spanish and Italian troops under Generals Miguel Aranda and Garcia Valino blasted their way into Vinaioz and siezed Benicarlo, Uldecano, and Alcanar. All land communications—telephone, telegraph, highways, and railroads—between Barcelona and Madrid were severed. North of the insurgent wedge, 10,800 out of 12,000 square miles of Catalonian territory still remains in government hands. Japan’s War Machine . . . . . . spent this week recuperating from its first defeat—at Taierchwang—since American Commodore Perry opened its ports to foreign powers in the 1850’s. Scattered units of Japanese troops were being mopped and machinegunned and bombed from the air by the victorious Chinese. Other Nipponese survivors of the battle of Taierchwang barricaded themselves in the Yihsien, prayed for help. Tsinan, Shantung province silk and glass goods manufacturing center, felt the force of China’s newly-energized armies Wednesday. Chinese advance units penetrated suburbs of the city, but withdrew to wait for reinforcements. Bitter hand-to-hand street fighting ensued as they proceeded later in the day. Foreign Anglo-Italian . . . . relations were renewed on a friendly basis yesterday as Great Britain and Italy signed a treaty ending three years of friction. Italy’s foreign minister. Count Galeazzo Ciano, and Britain’s ambassador, the Earl of Peth, initialed the historic pact in the ancient Chigi palace of Rome. The treaty provides mainly: That Italy must withdraw her troops from Spain. That Italy recognize British sovereignity over Aden on the Red Sea.
That Britain acknowledge Italian claims in Eiliiopls. That the Status quo of British and Italian interests in the Mediterranean be maintained. France . . . ... is on the verge of a dictatorship—the only action that can save her government—according to DeWitt MacKenzie, chief of Associated Press’ foreign service and for 18 years an European correspondent. MacKenzie spoke thus FYiday at an Indianapolis joint session of Indiana AP men and state members of Sigma Delta Chi’s journalistic fraternity. Voted Dictatorial . . . . . powers by the parliament. Premier Edourd Daladier Thursday issued an ultimatum to 150,000 striking French workers to evacuate factories and return to work, or face governmental action. The strikes had paralyzed French airplane and automotive industries.
Daladier, who replaced Leo^ Blum as premier, April 8, hi been^iven complete power to r. juvenate the faltering economl policy and to strengthen the wea’ ’ national defense program. Blood Streamed . . . . . . from Nun Elena Aeillo’s foiv head Friday as she lay, surrounded by puzzled physicians at priests, on a small iron bed in tl Cosenza, Italy orphanage. Th was the 14th consecutive Goi Friday the phenomenon has Ok curred. Crowds of faithfuls kne’’ outside the orphanage wal' awaiting the event. Pilgrims . . . ... by the thousands hurried t Jerusalem Friday to observe the mourning of the death of Christ, Only in gi’oups of 10, however were they allowed to assemble i the Church of the Holy Sepulchre an earthquake last October dam aged the steel and wooden sup ports of the church.
Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNEB
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic DS. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBBRT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
# Beayty Studio • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs - Fri. KIEMLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
• Auto Rental RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
• Florist £oIh J'l&d&i Inc. 635 Main St. in Lnna Theatre Bnildinsr Phone 7955—8050 • Dine Have Your BEST MEAL at the NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia
Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
Office Stationery . Wedding Invitations
PHONE - Sales Books, Etc., 2 628 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
Locksmith
LAWN MOWERS NEW—USED—SHARPENED New Mowers 6.50 and up. Delivery service on Mowers. MULHAUPT'S Phons 2828-209-11 N. 5th St.