1*^*^ if*5*«!^>^J««07,«'^ ^-U«W^£«I» ^y
V ^
] f 1} A J,
:^f
/
<tiii^^ffn9,'‘^ h'Ti ^ft y«»v ■!*'v‘ ^ ^ rfi^<i^>(5«»>()4.-'^ w*-*^ * •»' «».«* 9*>*^in^:fi*4i^^ " ^ ^ ' .< t'All?. ' r f •* »■ '*4r.,
f/*
y*
t% 1 Purdue
2-18S
Volume 5L No. 13
Exponent
Sunday. September 24, 1939
News of the Week • The Heich Will Never Capitulate • To Be Or Not To Be—Neutral • War Booms Employment Over Here
WAR
For One Hour and Sixteen Minutes . . . Reichsfuehrer Adolph Hitler shouted words of defiance at the Allies, France and England, in his speech from the Danzig market square. “We accept the challenge, and we will fight as long as our adversaries will. Come what may, we will carry this battle to the end. If the war lasts six or seven years, the Reich will never capitulate—^the Reich will never be dismembered,”
he continued.
The invasion of Poland Hitler justified by the “barbarism” of the Polish government. Hitler said that Russia would not fight on Germany’s side, and he also denied what he called “the nightmare of British statesmen,” Germany’s alleged want for world conflict. “Germany wants to achieve a lasting peace,” but he added that Germany’s interests would be protected against every danger to gain this end.
Hitler thanked ~“A1-
In closing
mighty God, who has blessed our weapons to this time, will continue to aid us. For the first time I come back in the German city of Danzig as your liberator. Danzig is German, stayed German, and will re-
main.”
While Hitler Spoke ... to the citizens of Danzig, whom he “had liberated” at the cost of Polish independence, Polish citizens
funds in this country for belliger-
ents.
6. The maintenance of a license system covering foreign trade in arms, munitions, and implements of
war.
The last two mentioned items are listed in the present neutrality act.
Actual Military
. . . combat on the eastern front seems to have dwindled to passive
returned wearily home, over roads skirmishes between small compan-
on which they fled before advancing German troops. Most of the refugees were afoot, but some carried their remaining earthly belongings in rickety carts or on their backs.
In Fashion Similar ... to the assassination of Archduke Ferdinand, that was blamed for the outbreak of the World War, A r m a n d Calinescu, Rumania’s prime minister and chief opposition of the suppressed Nazi Iron Guard, was shot and killed last Wednesday by men^believed to be members of the outlawed organization. Troops were called out to avert any possible coup. Assassins of the “strong man” were captured and publicly executed immediately. Assassins were left slain for 24 hours at the scene of the prime minister’s death. Throughout the country govern-ment-ordered executions took place. The assassination was blamed upon the conflicting national interests arising in the European war. (Rumania gaiped one-seventh of her teri-itory from Russia after the treaty of peace.) The Dismemberment ... of Poland became a reality Friday as German and Russian diplomats divided Poland by a northsouth line formed by the Pissa, Narew, Vistula, and San rivers. Germany will occupy the land west of the line, and Russia will take the eastern portion. Warsaw will remain in the hands of the Germans. While Premier ... Calinescu was being shot, and the Nazis captured 360,000 Poles, President Franklin Roosevelt addressed the special session of Congress, asking repeal of the present neutrality act. The President would substitute a “cash and carry” plan for the act which now permits the shipment of all but finished war materials, guns, ammunition, and airplanes to belligerent nations. The “cash and carry” plan would allow any country to load goods of any kind onto her own ships, pay for the cargo, and leave the Amer-» ican port, “Let no group assume the exclusive label of ‘peace bloc.’ We all belong to it,” Mr. Roosevelt said. Mr. Roosevelt listed his peace proposals as: 1. Restricting American merchant vessels, so far as possible, from entering danger zones. 2. Preventing American citizens from traveling on belligerent vessels. 3. Requiring foreign buyers to take transfer of title in this country to commodities bought by belligerents in this country. 4. Prevent extension of war credit to belligerents. 5. The regulation of collection of
Want A Stamp? Philatelic Society Has A Good Collection In Faculty Lounge
“Please, do you have a stamp that I Could mail my letter with?” asks a poor, unknowing person at the stamp exhibit now going-on in the faculty lounge, and^ immediately many stamp collectors answer with a volley of “No’s.” After all, who ever heard of a stamp collector having a stamp that one could mail a letter with. But aside from not having a stamp to mail a letter with, the exhibit does have a very comprehensive display of stamps of the world. Naturally United States stamps dominate the exhibit while many different techniques of collecting are displayed. Many collectors from various parts of Indiana have journeyed to West Lafayette to see the exhibit along with some persons from adjoining states who have viewed the philatelic display and all have pronounced it a very fine exhibit, m^ich improved over former
exhibits of the Lafayette Philatelic SCciety. Special Broadcasts Friday evening at the regular weekly meeting of the society, O. L. Foster gave a very concise and interesting discussion of color variations of United States stamps. Last night, 20 philatelists enjoyed themselves at a banquet in the Union. Two special broadcasts have been held in connection with the exhibit originating from the faculty lounge. This afternoon, the exhibit will put in its final appearance of the year in the faculty lounge from 1 to 6 o’clock. Many dealers have been‘in evidence through the whole affair, supplsring all collectors with stamps that they need to fill blank spaces in their albums. The society urges all interested collectors to drop around to faculty lounge this afternoon and see what types of material are on display.
ies of men. Hitler announced that fighting on the eastern front woilld cease, since there were no remaining military objectives in that theater. Hitler is en route to the western front to take personal command of forces there. Yesterday French army officials announced that the French army had repulsed three offensive thrusts of the German army in the Saarbruecken area. Swiss officials prophesied that Germany would now take the offensive along the western front. Lwow (Lemberg), city of southern Poland, was announced yesterday as captured by German troops. NATIONAL With Tension . . . growing in the U. S. over the coming debate in Congress on the neutrality question, one lone voice rose in the nation to quiet the nerves of the peace-hungry populace. It was the voice of Charles A. Lind-
bergh,
What he said will not make history but the fact that he himself volunteered to say it is important. His straightforward, Lincolnish speech in effect said simply, “Stay
out!”
Another Voice . . . that of President Roosevelt was heard this week as Congress opened its special session to discuss the repeal of the arms embargo and the neutrality law. Said the President, “I regret that Congress passed that (neutrality) act. I regret equally that I signed that act.” Convinced that only with the repeal of the embargo can the U. S. hope to stay out of the conflict, tactician Roosevelt changed his roughhouse “purge” technique for the more subtle “fireside charm” to win the support of his opponents. Battle Lines ... of a democratic nature were being drawn up in the United States as members of Congress drifted toward one or the other sides of the neutrality question. Leader of the opposition to President Roosevelt’s plan to repeal the arms embargo is Idaho’s Senator Borah. It was Borah who, two months ago, led the opposition which defeated the plans to revise the neutrality act. It was Borah who insisted at that time that there would be no war. While American . . . youth debated the question of fighting or “conscientiously objecting” in the event of the U. S.’s entry into the war, Grover Cleveland Bergdon, the army’s famous “draft dodger,” continued to fight for his freedom. Bergdoll’s second (Continued on page 4)
Preliminary Physical Exams For CAA Applicants Begin Tomorrow With 143 applications received for CAA training, preliminary ipedical examinations, will begin Monday evening, September 25, in the Student Health Service and continue on Tuesday and Wednesday. Since only 50 applicants will be finally selected, it is essential for every student who has been accepted for preliminary examination to report at the hour set unless he intends to withdraw his application. Any student who is in doubt about
his assignment for the preliminary examination is asked to contact the Personnel Office immediately. All medical ratings will be forwarded to Washington upon the recommendation of the Student Health Service. The names of the 48 students who will be examined on Tuesday night will appear in the Exponent Tuesday morning; likewise, the last group of students who will be examined on Wednesday night will appear in the Exponent Wednesday morning. The following applicants are requested to report to the Student Health Service on the day and at the hour indicated: 7 to 8 o’clock: R. C. Davis, J. F. Day, P. J. Brennan, A. L. Hilpert, W. C. Beach, A. Pustello, A.B. Phinney, R. H. Morrison, R. D. Coleman, A. E. Gillogly, V. C. Vanderbilt, and D. H. Daley. 8 to 3 o’clock: R. B. Carow, V. E. Jupp, R. Robertson, R. E. Jansing, H. W. Nevin, G. W. Dietz, J. R. Jacobsen, M. E. Robertson, R. A. Fink, J, N. Hall, A. G. Elley, and W. D. Croft. 9 to 10 o’clock: C. B. Gaugh, N. F,
Smith, L. A. Nesius, F. S. Hallett, W. C. DuBroff, C. J. Sommer, L. W. Small, A. W. Rifenburgh, R. Glasser, P. A. Clark, H. W. Soderstrom, and E. E. Gruber. 10 to H o’clock: L. V. Teeter, R. B. Powers, T. L. Gardner, H. W. Palmer, D. J. Walsh, R. W. Bonner, H. E. Meeker, D, P. Allen, J. W. Morris, L. F. Wleklinski, J. G. Swinney, and J. T. Braithwaite. Alpha Chi Omega . . . social sorority, announces the initiation of the following girls: Vivian Dickerson, Indianapolis; Barbara Hymen, Logansport; Helen Richey, Burlington; Beth Partenheimer, Huntingburg; Lillian Earle, Rochester, N. Y.; Katherine Murphy, Indianapolis; Lois Simpson, Indianapolis.
Exponent* Staff Editorial staff for Monday night will be as follows: night editor, Willsey; issue editor, Skallerup; workers, Heaton, Jenkins, Kennedy and Lynn; stooge, McKee.
65 YWCA Delegates Hear Dean Stratton Last Night About 66 delegates from seven Indiana colleges and univer»sities heard Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women, discuss **The Y’s Way of Living,” following the YWCA Area Conference banquet held in the Union ballroom last night. The speech, a high point of the convention, concluded the day’s business and social activities.
Xafe Wskx iVews Washington, Sept. 23.—As Congressional members divided into two blocs over neutrality legislation. Senator William E. Borah (R. Ida.), leader in the fight to prevent revision of the present neutrality act, waived consideration of the bill in the Foreign Relations Committee in return for unrestricted floor
debate.
Rome, Sept. 23.—^Piremier Benito Mussolini, in his first speech since last May, calleq for a cessation of European hostilities as “it is vain to attempt to maintain or reconstruct that which history and natural dynamism of peoples already had condemned.” He added that Italy would remain neutral in any
event.
Berlin, Sept. 23.—^The German high command announced that Colonel-General Werner von Fritsch, former commander-in-chief of the German army, was ^^illed in action” Friday while fighting near Warsaw in a comparatively minor command. Another German communique declared *Hhe campaign in Poland is ended” and “the Polish army of millions of men has been defeated, captured, or completely routed.” It admitted, however, that Warsaw stUl held out for the fifteenth day. Berlin, Sept. 23.—^The Frankfurter Zeitung said in an editorial today that a **political power triangle” was being formed by Italy, Germany, and Russia. It said, “Mussolini found no objection in the Russo-German treaty.” Paris, Sept. 23.—German attacks on French positions were reported to have been repulsed near Saarbruecken. Fuehrer Hitler and General Walther von Brauchitsch, commander-in-chief of the German army, were reported by the French Ministry of Information to be making a tour of west widl fortifications.
32 Freshman Co-eds Enthusiastic About New Science Study Thirty-two freshman co-eds enrolled in the new science school curriculum are placing the University high in the ranks of progressive education. Having completed a week’s work in the special group, the girls are enthusiastic about continuing this imique course of study. During the summer months, high school graduates throughout the state were contacted and received information concerning this science course with its broad cultural background—.Instead of preparing for u career of professional scientific work, it was explained that the new curriculum would provide an opportunity for concentrated study in the field of the student’s choice, whether it be English, history, modern language, psychology or the social sciences. It is expected that at the completion of the course, graduates will be well equipped for further training in non-scientific fields and for occupations which do not require highly specialized training. Admittance Restricted Applicants for admittance to the experimental group Were carefully considered. All of the girls were within the upper third of their high school graduating class. Not only were they required to take placement and aptitude tests, but many girls came to the campus before school for personal interviews. By the process of elimination the field was narrowed down, and finally the selection of 32 girls was made. Contrary to rumor, these special students are not restricted in their social activities. They abide by the rules set up for other women on the campus and are free to make their own decisions concerning rush and extra-curricular activities although too heavy a schedule is being dis-
couraged.
The girls meet with several of their instructors individually and as a group each week. Through these conferences and interviews, it is expected that every student will better know her relative standing in each course. Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, professor of management, is acting as sponsor and personal advisor for the experimental group.
Dean Stratton stressed the understanding of human nature coupled with sjrmpathy for others and personal pleasantness as necessary items for wise living. The motto, “Blessed are they who are pleasant to live with,” was the theme of the discussion which dealt with successful world inter-relations. This morning at 8 o’clock the conference delegation will be breakfast guests at the Women’s Residence Hall-South. Following the breakfast a worship service prepared by YW members from Indiana University will be presented in the Union faculty lounge. At 11 o’clock the delegates will be free to attend church services before leaving' tot their respective campuses. Kappa Alpha Theta Founder SuccumhsInGreencastle Mrs. Bettie Hamilton, founder of KaPpa Alpha Theta sorority, died Friday in Greencastle at the age of 89. Mrs. Hamilton became the first Theta when she initiated herself in front of a mirror on January 20, 1870. She was one of the four women who enrolled when the one-time Asbury College became both co-edu-cational in 1867 and DePauw University, Mrs. Hamilton was to have been initiated into Phi Beta Kappa in December. Purdue’s Thetas have been wearing black crepe ribbons for two days, and will wear them for two more. The funeral was held yesterday afternoon at 2 o’clock in Greencastle. Pres, f. C, Elliott . . . will address the student discussion group at Central Presbsderian Church at Seventh and Columbia streets at 9:30 this morning on “What the University Hopes to Do for You.” This will be part of the program of the Westminister Foundation presented especially for Presb3rterian and Congregational students. Foundation officials hope to have a follow-up discussion led by students sometime in October on “What the University Can Do for Us.”
Faculty Mambars The regular meeting of the laeulty will be held on Monday, September 36, at 4 p. m. in Stanley Coulter HaU. Please attmidl BDWAKD C. ELLIOTT, Presidmit.
State Poultrymen Will Convene For Annual Meeting Wednesday, Thursday
One of the largest crowds of In-, diana poultrsunen in recent years is expected for the annual meeting of the State Poultry Association of Indiana which will convene at the University on September 27 and 28, according to an announcement by William Kohlmeyer, secretary of the orgamzation and University extension poffitryman. On the Hatchery Day program, September 27, H. A. Bittenbender of Cleveland, 0., will tell how poultry farmers can take advantage of the enthusiasm created by the Seventh World’s Poultry Congress. Reese V. Hicks of Kansas City, Mo., executive secretary of the International Baby Chick Association, will discuss new legislative problems and Federal Trade Commission roles. Durant Will Speak Dr. A. J. Durant, head of the vet-
erinary department. University of Missouri, will appear on the program both days. He will speak on “Hatchery and Disease Control," and “Reducing Disease Losses.” Dr. Durant is widely known fw his sane views on disease control measures, and has appeared before many important poultry meetings. “Increasing FIockIncomeThrough the Sale of Hatching Eggs” will be the subject of Paul G. Riley, La&yette breeder and hatchery operator. This is a very timely subject in view of the devdopment of outside markets for hatching eggs produced in Indiana. Other speakers will include G. S. Vickers, Columbus, O.j Ralph M. Crooks, Versailles, O.; Dr. B. C. Young, Prof. C. W. Carrick. and E. E. Schnetzler of the University. The annual banquet will be held the evening of September 29 with “Boss” Johnston, Aurora, as the main speaker.V’i--:
m.
r
■v:
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday/ September 24, 1939
Ookii ihst CompuA Pure Argument Dear Editorial Director: in answer to the letter in the September 23 issue, I wish to point out what I believe to be a few weak points in Mr. Robinson’s argument. He really failed to answer the question, “Do you consider yourself naturally pacifistic or belligerent in relation to everyday matters?” He referred to the “monstrous” husband and claimed a natural and absolute pacifist would do nothing. What would the intelligent person do? That, I believe, would depend entirely on whether this normal person was larger or smaller than the monstrous husband. Then, too, the monstrous husband is going to keep the battle in his owii home—more power to him and as for his wife-—^too bad. But is it true that the absolute pacifist would remain aloof ? Even a pacifist might phone the police to stop the row. Now the only problem is to find the “police” in the present international situation. It might be England and France, and the act of phoning might be the repeal of the neutrality law. Remember I only said it might. Now for that part that said some day we might be called on to play good Samaritan to Poland. H England and France—^maybe others as Canada, etc.—cannot vanquish the imminent threat, even with U. S. aid in arms and munitions, could our manpower help? Or would it be possible to play “good Samaritan” without sacrificing our rising generation ? And again, why play good Samaritan ? Is it necessary to make such a sacrifice to reinstate Poland? Would the United States be falling down morally to let completely alone a portion, of Europe that has been in dispute ahd turmoil for centuries? Long ago our forefathers set up our nation, free and independent, through the means of war on England. One of the reasons was to escape the political intricacies of the crowded belligerent Europe. Are we going back? This letter was written purely as an argument against the letter in the recent Exponent, and to stimulate thought and comment from students. And with it, in a round-about way, I partially answer the challenge issued by Mr. Robinson, and partially continue the challenge. PHILLIP MOTZ, Freshman Engineer. What is Safe To Believe? Dear Editorial Director: The average person both student and man
Purdue Exponent
Kntered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under tke'act of Congress of March 8, 1870, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized JanU7 ary 20, 1922. Published dally except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editorial Board K. E. Insley;.. EditoHn-Cpef W. E. Smith. .......Business. Manager
D. G. Terrio... G. W. Frederick. E. M. Antonini— G. Schilling..... R. Jenldns.
Editorial R. F. DeHoog R. W. Donahue D. K. Heiple J. H. McKee M. L. Miers J. 0. Willsey D. J.
....._ ...Editorial Director .Managing Editor .....Senior Advertising Manager .Co-ed Editor ; Sports Editor Junior Staff
Business R. Fisher R. Hall A. Hite
M. Hagemeyer
T. Petty
G. Cox, Sec.
Henninger, Art Director
Sports
J. P. Dolan S. p. Marquis M. M. Richards
Co-ed
M, Burtsfleld
G. Carroll B. Simpson
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
REPnBSBNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTISINO BV National Advising Service, Inc. CoUege PubitsJbers Representattve 420 Madison AVE. New York. N. Y. CHICAGO • BOSTON • LOS ANGELES • SAN FRANCISCO ' This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it. unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written hy the Editorial Director.
Night Editor, Willsey Issue Editor, Traugott Sunday, September 24, 1939
on the street is wondering what to believe in all the variety of dispatches coming from abroad. , All dispatches coming from the belligerents are subject to intensive censorship. Some neutral countries in an effort to preserve peace within their borders are applying rigid restrictions to news flashes. Perhaps the German side is allowing more news to pass than the Allies. Whether this will have any effect on the neutrality of this country remains to be seen. In this war, correspondents have to be careful of their wording as they write their cables. Many dispatches that are worded in a way that indicates favoritism to one side must be carefully edited by veteran newsmen in this country. The only common sense rule to apply to war news is question its authenticity. Does it seem plausible under existing circumstances ? There is. no rule of thumb for defying propaganda. STEWART WOLFE, EE.
£iJwi£dijtABy Hank Miller It’s beginning to look like no one can believe the Exponent stories about Campus Varieties, but that is not the case. Last week the show had to be canceled 10 minutes before the time to start because of technical difficulties. Yesterday the story read to the effect that Harry McCrady’s orchestra would headline the show and then when the show went on the air, it was the Campus Commanders directed by Paul Reedy. The facts of the case are simply that at 12:15 yesterday, McCrady said due to conditions beyond his control his band could not play the show. Hence, Paul Reedy agreed to play the show. Speaking of Campus Varieties, Benny Burns crashed through with new words to the popular song “Over the Rainbow.” We thought that they were pretty good so we take the liberty to reprint them here. You might try singing them. (To the tune of ‘Over the Rainbow’) Somewhere over the Wabash, in a bog. There’s a place that I heard of, once in a catalogue. Somewhere over the Wabash, lies
I WBAA Ktonday 11:00—Prof. V. L. Alb'perg, “History of the 19th Century.” 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:16—Sports Review 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 12:46—Town Crier 1:00—Monitor News 1:15—Mrs. Jewel Cox, pianist 1:30—Story Time 1:45—Market Reports 2:00—Magic Carpet 2:15-—Mary Louise Switzer, pianist 2:30—Foods—Facts—Fancies 3:00—^Little Red School House of the Air 4:00—^American Family Robinson 4:46—Story Book Hour
Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
Purdue, And if you study hard, your dreams really will come true. Some day you’ll graduate from here. But it won’t be from drinking beer, so study. But don’t neglect your social life. You may find just the kind of wife, that you’ve been seeking. Somewhere over the Wabash, profs are tough. But they’ll treat you O.K if you really do your stuff. —e-e— We noticed the front page of the new Radio Guide which says that 1,001 programs change time this week and that reminds us to remind you that today all towns that have been on daylight saving time return to good old standard time today, hence, most of the programs will come thru an hour later. .—e-e—^ Here’s news that will be of interest to all Purdue students that were on the campus last year and heard Alec Templeton, blind English pianist, give the best received convo of the year. Alec has been on the radio all summer taking over on Tuesday nights for Fibber McGee and Molly.
Tomorrow night at 8:30 over both WMAQ and WLW, Alec will inaugurate a new series of programs sponsored by the Miles Laboratories, Inc., known as Alec Templeton Time, Supporting Alec on the program will be a 12-voice chorus and a l7-plece string orchestra conducted by Daniel Saidenberg. Guest on tomorrow night’s show will be Donald Dickson. His impressionistic interpretation will be the listening to an automobile radio while riding through city streets and the countryside with all the accompanying noise interference. —e-e— Enough’s enough so 73’s till Tuesday.
AIR CONDITIONED
TODAY - MONDAY
LEO CARRILLO • HENRY ARMETTA • L^e Patrick —AND—
with LOUIS HAYWARD JOAN FONTAINE ALSO "MICKEY MOUSE"
NOW PLAYING
—EXTRANEWS PICTURES OF EUROPEAN WAR
GRIN AND BEAR IT
At last we are certain that someone is reading this column and it is with a definite feeling; of pride that we announce the receiving of 23 GONTRIBS the last two days. Sorry that we can’t give all the contributors a MARS PASS, but if you don’t win one this week there’s always next week. B & B , Ode To a Purdue Go-ed I followed her five blocks or more With ever quickening pace, Her figure was indeed divine At last I saw her face. I now am armed with two big guns And blood is in my eye, I’m looking for the guy who said THAT FIGURES NEVER LIE. —Lucky Joe. B & B Recently overheard on the freshman surveying field: Rear-tapeman: “Holding .thirtysix.” Note-keeper (repeating): “Holding thirty-six.” Head-tapeman: (No answer). Note-keeper: “What are you holding. Bill?” Head-tapeman: “Two tapes.” —Ffosh. Note: If you print this send the tickets to 128 Union. If B & B does not print this, we don’t blame you. B & B Dear B & B: Here is something that I dashed off in one of my odd moments, thank God they are few. If you can’t use it maybe I’ll try Harper’s or Forum. “It Gan’t Happen Here” Today I saw a Gampus Queen, As from classes in between I sat smoking on the Green. She was tall and dark and graceful, too, I made the remark, “I could go for you.” The smile on her lips Was straight and true. And I said to myself, “That was meant for you.” From the look in her eyes, It was I whom she meant. But along came a Phi Delt, And away she went.
“No—our trains don’t have darkrooms, but by rerouting you here we can provide you with ample tunnels.”
For two passes I’d take her to the Mars. —Ed Errickson, M. E. ’41. B & B Notice; Ki’uder, three Georges have called for your letter already, it is still waiting for you at the West Desk. If you don’t call for it soon, we will have to return it to Mary. —B & B Editor. B & B Some of us are wondering what John Wuethrich (Ag) has that makes Marge Patrick (ALD) return
a Phi Sig pin? ? ? ? ? —A Phi Sig Brother B & B How Bill Murphy, Gary Hall frosh, blushed from head to foot Fri. night when five of his FRIENDS? presented themselves to be. introduced to his date from Memphis, TenU. She was so frightened she started to walk away—from him. B&B What carnivorous instinct caused Harry Monson, Phi Kappa Playboy, to remain in the hospital at summer ROTG camp ? Platonic; love or ? ? ?
LU^ TODAY-MONDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
The grandest love story that has ever reached the screen!
—ALSO — Drama of a Mighty Love!
_ WITH — FRIEDA INESCORT OTTO KRUGER ROCHELLE HUDSON
irs FIRST RUN
STA RTS TO DAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS
You've never tkriileil to anything like It!.love.. i..redeniptlen ■
PLUS—
A Down to Earth Comedy Dramatizing That. Great American Institution the Family . . . Folks That Live ... Love and Laugh! 'THE HEADLEYS AT HOME" with Evelyn Venable —Grant Mitchell
No woman who looks into her heart of hearts condemn her .. yet no man will marry her! Everywhere it is hailed as the year’s finest . . Bette’s best!
BETTE DAVIS MIRIAM HOPKINS Co-^arrin^ in jA* Picturizatton of ihe PiiUtter PnzO’Uiinnin$ Play.
OLD
BRENT
DONALD CRISP • lANE BRYAN . LOUISE FAZENDA . lAMES 'SUPBENSON • mOME COWAN . WU LUNDIGAN . CECIUA LOFTUS Starts TODAY umnlVigSunday. September 24. 1939
£xfwmid: SpoJdA fiaqsi
Chess Club Will Convene In Union Wednesday Night For Organization Meeting
Lafayette Horse Shoyr Scheduled For October 10
Injured
Newcomer
Members of the Purdue Union Chess Club will hold their first ipeeting of the year on Wednesday, September 2^, from 7 to 9 p. m. in the game room of the Union. Although the meeting is primarily to introduce this club to freshmen, upperclassmen are invited to attend. The freshman team, which is to be chosen soon, will be limited to five members. There is also one vacancy on the senior team this year. Plans for the year include radio matches with Ohio State, Illinois, Northwestern, and Wayne University. These will be done through the medium of shoi*twave broadcasting. A trip to Bloomington on the day of the Indiana football game is also included in this year’s plans. There is a tradition that whichever school wins the chess game will lose on the gridiron. Matches will be held with the Indianapolis Chess Club throughout the year and there will be tournaments between the freshmen, var-‘ sity, and faculty. Prizes will be given at the end of the year, according to • Dr. David Martin, the faculty sponsor.
Lafayettp Horse Show will be held this year at the Tippecanoe County fair grounds, October 10, with the showing of purebred draft horses in the morning, grade horses in the afternoon, and a saddle show in the evening. Awards are made possible by the employers and business concerns in Lafayette. No entry fees will be charged, but all entries must be made by October 7 to H. K. Bilahand, chairman Agriculture Committee, Greater Lafayette Chapiber of Commerce.
Chamber Of Commerce To Enfertain New Faculty Members At Fowler Hotel
New University faculty members. will be entertained at a smjiker to be given at the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce Thursday, October 12, at the Fowler hotel. Dr. E. C. Elliott will address the group. Although the smoker is for the purpose of acquainting new faculty members, all staff members are invited, according to H. G. Reisner, chairman of the Purdue relations committee of the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce.
'PJP.HOB £>10
//
Bucking Bronko" T Thrills Students During Brief Stay
Purdue COFFEE SHOP
T-Bone and French Fries — Supper 35c— Tuesday Evening, September 26 119 Vine Street
The News That Sears Have Just the Coverall For All Student Needs—
Hickory Stripe Nation-All $1.49 Covert $1.49 White Herringbone $1.49
Sears Nation-All Are Made In All Sizes. Short, Medium, Long Inseam — insunng better lit. Easy on and off. Complete protection. Seven strong pockets. Sizes 36 to 40. SHOP AND SAVE AT SEARS
2 North Third St.
Lafayette. Ind. Phone 4039
A “bucking bronko” model T Ford passed through the campus and out again yesterday afternoon when University student Charlie Taylor’s parents en route to Chicago for the current American Legion convention stopped to visit him at the Co-op house where he lives on the far side of the Poultry building. During the stay-over the boys at the house had a busy, if slightly upset time with the trick Ford going up and down like an elevator. The hood is actually covered by a bronko, fitted with saddle and stirrups, and ’neath the floor boards lurks a sawed-off shotgun that goes “boom!” High in the rear is perched a seat for two, the coveted position. It’s probably lots of fun, but we’ll leave it to the Legionnaires; they’ve got better shock absorbers than we have.
Father E. J. Flanagan Will Visit University For YWCA Celebration
PURDUE SPECIAL Sunday Evening, Sepfember 24th Iced Fruit juice Italian Spaghetti Head Lettuce Salad Rye Bread Orange Ice—^Wafer 50c ,
HUTTON CAFE MILDRED ALTER ROSS ALTER
NEW OWNERS
410 Ferry Opposite the Fowler
Phone 8011
U. S. Govt. Graded Beef FRESH ^oJdotL CuiA. MEATS
Compare your present canned good prices with onr summer purchased BIRDSEYE prices on the following Fruits and Vegetables PEAS BROCCOLI PEACHES
ASPARAGUS
CORN
LIMA BEANS
BROCCOLI
CAULIFLOWER
SPINACH SQUASH
STRAWBERRIES BLUEBERRIES RASPBERRIES
FROZEN BIRDSEYE VEGETABLES
LAFAYEHE FOOD LOCKERS
5355
PHONES - 2971
Gridders Sent Through Long, Strenuous Drill
Some Purdue students lay aside all thoughts of college routine when Saturday afternoon rolls around, but yesterday Mai Elward had his college boys thinking quite seriously of college life botji here and upstate, as he sent his charges through one of the most intricate grid drills any Boilermaker pigskin machine has ever experienced ... on a Saturday. With teams composed of “Reds” and “Whites” blocking and tackling one another all over Ross-Ade recreation field, the scene looked like a scheduled fracas. Purdue’s numerous lettermen and experienced reserves enable the squad to stage a real battle if necessary, and the two' evenly matched squads fought it out for two hours yesterday afternoon. From the start of the session at
Father E. J. Flanagan, nationally famed founder of the model boys’ community at Boystown, Neb., will be the principal speaker at the celebration of the fiftieth anniversary of the Lafayette YWCA Wednesday evening, October 4, in the Union ballroom. All students and faculty members are invited to attend; however, only 600 seats will be available. Dr. Lynn Robertson, director of the YWCA and chairman of the ticket committee for the dinner, announced that tickets may be purchased at the following places: T^BAA, west Union desk, Deac’s, Southworth’s, and in Lafayette: Goodnight’s, Decker’s, and the YMCA. Observance of the fiftieth anniversary will extend through October 1 to 7. A different program every night has been arranged.
jured ankle could have been exposed to, and for the last couple of days, he appeared as if he were on the hospital list, but yesterday his injured limb showed signs of marked improvement; however, it’s far from A-1 condition. Brock's big, powerful substitute, Jimmy Welsch, who received an injured shoulder Thursday night seemed to be on the road to recovery,-a recovery which everyone will watch with interest, because with both Welsch and Brock on the injured list, the right halfback post will be in the hands of little Mike Byelene, who could hardly be expected to click off 60 minutes of football against Notre Dame, thus necessitating the moving of MacIUwain to right half from left half. The fullback position seemed well filled during the afternoon, with DeWitte, Liebrecht, Winchell, Schumaker, and Petty dividing the playing time. At left half. Jack Brown has the nod at present, but he is being pushed hard by the improved Ted Tykocki. Due to the strenuous workout the squad has received during the last three days of last week the squad will be “on pention” tomorrow.
P, iV/A/c^ejLA.
2 p. m., at which time Head Coach Elward sent his two teams through kickoff after kickoff drill until the Gold and Black began to appear as if they had been receiving kickoffs for a week without interruption, until 6 o’clock, the gridders definitely worked. Preceding the practice, Red Mackey had the tackles in one corner of the field, and the big boys were grunting and shoving one another aroxmd in blocking. Still in another part of the field Mai Elward and Don Powell were watching ends go through their assignments, while the guards, centers and backfields went through signal drill, a session which showed to the keen observer that the Boilermaker backs weren’t sure of their assignments as yet. Encouraging indeed was the manner that Lou Brock limped through signal. -Three days ago Lou went through some unsupervised punting, the most strenuous exercise his in-
Freshman Billiard Tourney Drawing Fresh Cue Artists
Freshman pocket billiards tournament which is being held in the Purdue^nion pool rooms is attracting considerable attention from the frosh cue artists. Twenty-two players have been eliminated, and four lead the field with two games won. The four two-game winners are R. Rogers, R. W. Gibbhardt, Joe Kalady, and K. Weaver. Trailing these four with but one game won are Art Carol, A. F. Schlueter, G. Durnbaugh, Larry Woods, A. G. Hall, and George Morris. Wednesday, September' 27, is the deadline for entries, and players who--do not play their first game before Monday, October 2, will be eliminated automatically.
MARS THEATRE
ANNOUNCING SEASON RESERVATION SALE ON 4 BROADWAY STAGE PRODUCTIONS TO BE PRESENTED THIS SEASON — NOV. 18—"WHAT A LIFE" DEC. 9—"ON BORROWED TIME" FEB. 10—"GOLDEN BOY" APRIL 13—HEDDA GABLER (Tentative Dates—Subject to Change)
ORDER NOW TO OBTAIN CHOICE SEATS — Season Reservations Sale Closes Nov. 18 —
EVENtNG PRICES TAX INCLUDED
Main Floor
Regular Admission Charge for 1 Show
One Season Reservation for the 4 Shows
Box Seats First 18 Rows Last 10 Rows Balcony Loge Mezzanine First 5 Rows Last 4 Rows Upper Balcony
$2.50 2.50 2.00 2.00 1.65 1.10 .83
$8.00 s8.00 6.00 6.00 5.00 3.40 2.52
MATINEI Main Floor
: PRICES—TA Regular Admission Qiarge for 1 Show
X INCLUDED One Season Reserves, tion for the 4 Shows
Box Seats
$2.00
$6.00
Firs^ 18 Rows
2.00
6.00
Last 10 Rows
1.65
5.00
Balcony
Loge
1.65
5.00
Mezzanine First 5 Rows
1.10
3.40
Last 4 Rows
.83
2.52
Upper Balcony
.55
1.80
All requests for season reservations must be accompanied by check or money order payable to the Mars Theatre. Tidrets for each production will be available at the Mars 'Ilieatre box office one week in advance of play date. Those making season reservations will be given the same seats for all four performances. PURCHASE SEASON RESERVATIONS AND SAVE!-
^%V'
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Siiindayir September 24# 1039
News Of The Week , (Continued from page 1) writ of habejis corpus was turned down in New York by Federal Judge Al^ed C. Cox. Bergdoll is in the Cti^ody of army officials awaiting court martial for his 20-year-old dodging of the World War draft. BUSINESS Increased Buying . . . gears industry to faster pace as a direct result of stimulation by the European war. Orders totaling about $100,000,000 poured into American manufacturing plants this week as most industries sped up production. Secretary of Labor Frances Perkins estimated in Washington that at least 200,000 employees had gained jobs during the last month as a direct result of war and the accpmpanying demands on American manufacturing plants. Contracts . . . worth $58,585,061 were formally awarded by the War Department this week for military airplanes. An order for 400 primary training planes costing $2,843,405 was awarded the Boeing Airplane Company. Stocks ... finished weak as early upsurge was squelched by the latest neutrality plans of President Roosevelt. Starting strongly, stocks rose two points in anticipation of war trade. They finished much lower, however, as a long battle over United States neutrality was expected in Congress. Industrial . . . diamond prices advanced, as much as 35 per cent because of a shortage caused by the European war. Diamonds, used for fine cutting, are very important in the manufacture of gun mechanisms. For this reason Great Britain has banned exports of diamonds from the African fields to prevent them from falling into German hands. Kappa Kappa Gamma ... social sorority, held initiation yesterday for Jane Thomas, Lafayette; Joan Paulus, Marion; Bette Broyles, Marion; Betty Ann Van Bergen, Evanston, 111.; Betty Campbell, West Lafayette; Melba Davidson, Lyons. Purdue Billiard Diredor Will Perform Tomorrow Monday evening at 7:30 in the Union billard room, Preston Weisman, a member of last season’s University team, will contest at straight rail 100 points against Coach Whitney’s 200 points at 18.2 balke line. PIA Issues Call For New Activity Workers All independent freshmen and sophomores interested in entering PIA activities are asked to report to PIA office tomorrow at 4 p. m. by John Due, membership chairman. This applies to both eds and coeds as there are activities positions open to both. If anyone who is intpested is unable to attend they should contact John Due at 5085.
Classified Ads
ROOMS FOR RENT ROOM AND BOARD—One single and three double rooms. Newly furnished. Board ^one if desired. Phone 2416.
FOR RENT—Students large room, two new single beds. Reasonable. Phone available. 221 Sylvia St.
FOR RENT—^Newly furnished rooms, single or double, twin beds, graduate students
preferred. Phone 46962. LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Silver Cheverlot watch. “For dis tinguished service” inscribed on back,
66811.
Call
LOST—-Two Natre Dame football tickets in brown envelope. Name and address on envelope. Reward. W. P. Thompson, phone 66812.
LOST—-Small green trunk delivered to wrong address. Yellow Cab Co. Phone 6023.
LOST—A brown bill fold, near the Physics Building. Stan Widman. Phone 8486. Cary Hall N. W. 321.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—^Tuxedo, size 34. Good condition, reasonable price. Phone 3986,
MISCELLANEOUS WANTED — Good dance band men for campus band. Call Don Pyke, 3916. WANTED—Student to share double room; new single bed. 219 Waldron or phone 46762.
. TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and ■repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main Street. "
NOTICES
Unorganized Men: fhose who are interested in singing with the PIA Men’s Chorus are requested to attend a short meeting in the Tower Room of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m., Monday night, September 25. Those who were members of the chorus last spring are asked to attend also. Important. —HEWITT.
Battery B-4 Freshman Softball; Meet in Armory at 4 :16 p. m. Monday, September 26, for a short meetin gand practice. —ARCHIBALD,
Sophomore Union Workers: Will the following people please meet me in the Union o....ce 4 p. m. Monday, ■ September 24: Canharm. Ford, Kelina, Masline, Shane, Nothman, Widman, Kistler, Kersey, Justin, Adkins, Avery, Baumgartner, Bromley, Diehl, Evans, Fellows, Housekeeper, Jacobs, Jones, Julian. —BENNETT.
Senior Military Students: Fatigue hats will be worn starting tomorrow. —SMITH.
All Union Workers: Important meeting Tuesday, September 26, at 4 p. m. in the Union ballroom. Be there. —HULS.
Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday, September 26, at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union.
Triton Club Call-out: Meeting for all in terested co-eds on Tuesday, September 26, at 7 ;30 p. m. at the pool in the Women’s Gym. I —SPEARS.
S'wimmers: There will be a reception for all men interested in swimming and water polo teams Friday, September 29, at 7:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. Upperclassmen and freshmen are urged to attend. Swimming talks, movies and refreshments will be in order. All wishing to attend sign lists at Union desk or swimming pool office by Wednesday evening. —HARRIS.
Pi Tau Sigma: Important meeting in M. E. reading room Tuesday,-September 26, at 4 p. m. —KOLB.
All. Students: Camperaft course open to eds and co-eds starting Monday, September 26. It will continue for 10 weeks. All in terested please meet at Women’s Gym at 4 USE EXPONENT CLASSIFIED ADS
the Purdue Exponent —i ^ — Service Directory
Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowen Main at 7th Phone 6050
School Supplies "DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Dairy Products M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY quauty milk Phone 46214
p. m. Monday, September 26.
-WARTE.
WAA: There wllt .be a meeting of all girls who participated in -fencing last year on Tuesday, September 26, at 7 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. • . —STICKLER.
Debris Sophomores: There will be an im portant meeting Monday, September 26, at 4 p. m. in the Debris office. —STRONG.
Sophomore Union Workers: My comniit tee please report at the Union office at 4 p. m. Monday, September 26. Meeting is very important. ' —HAMMAN.
P. A. Equipment Oowners: Any person who has a public address system to rent should enter his bid in the Pupdue Independent Association office in the Union Building not later than 4 p. m. .’Monday,. September 26. The ..address system is to be used at the afternoon tea dances sponsored by the PIA. —HINSHAW.
You wm Like Our Work! We Have Sphred No Expense In order that Wte Might Give YOU The Finest Custom Service That Money Will Buy. AT NO ADDED COST TO YOU!
Phone 3085
America Laundry Vine St
Co-ed Horseback Riding: An advanced horseback riding class will be organized Monday, September 24, at 2 p. m. Students interested in joining the class call Women’s . Gymnasium today. —HAZELTON.
PIA: The position of secretary is open to any junior independent co-ed. Letters of application should be left at the PlA box at the east desk of the Union by Monday, September 26, at 4 p. m. — —HINSHA’W.
A. S. C. E.: First meeting will be held Thursday, September 28, at 7:30 p. m. in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. Principal speakers will be Professor^ Wiley and Professor Ellis. Professor Ellis will speak in connection with his work this summer as cnosultant for the Chicago subways. —McC AMMON.
Union Sophomores: Meeting in Union faculty lounge Monday, September 26, at 4 P. m. for the following staff: Albertson', Ely, Hepburn, Knight, Merriell, Sauer, Tafel, Diehl, Schurman, Sacksteder, and Paulus. —BROOKS.
WAA Sports Managers: Meeting Tuesday, September 26, at 4 :30 p. m. in the Women’s Gym to sch^ule sports calendar for. the year. —WBSTOVER.
M. E. Students: Membership fee for the Purdue Student Branch of the ASME will be accepted in the M. E. office. Mechanical Building, second floor. —BRYAN.
Gold Peppers: important meeting Tuesday, September 26, 6 p. m. in room A^of the Union. Bring passports. . —MITCHELL.
All Student -Co-op Members: All members interested in working on the newspaper “Co-op Venture” please attend the meeting to be held at 4 p. m. Sunday, September 24, at LUna house, 1 University. —ELY.
Activities Bureau; Walt Gipe’s Committee: Eleanor Miller, Betty Graham, John Day, Donald Wasson, D. B. Mddesith. Jack Stewart’s Committee: Pete Wallace, Barbara Hyman, Hal. Schornstein, Jim Walley. Bob Giinlin. Lois Voeklel’s Committee: Thelma Jane Cox, Betty Hancosk, Ray Johnson, John Hawley, Richard Romano^ofa. Genevieve Houser’s Committee: Anna Belie Ball, Nelda Wood Bryan Husted, Frank Owen. —JORGESON, BREUER. Christian Science Organization: A regular meeting will be held Tuesday, September 26, at 7:30 p. m. in room iC of the Union. —FRANTZREB. :
Musician: Someone who can play popular music fairly well for WAA ballroom beginners dance course. Please get in 'touch with Cook immediately. Phone 36778. (9-25) ■ —COOK.
Sophomore Exponent Co-eds: Because of the lurge number of workers, co-^s will have only one ass^ned night to work. However, girls who wish to work extra may do so at their own convenience. The schedule is: Monday: Jane Julin, Donna Siess, Mary Bailey, Patricia Flint, and Ruth Rose. Tuesday: Peg Guise, Maeta Kaplan, Mary J. Bird, and Marguerite Funkhouser. Wednesday: Charlotte Brand, Helen Ritchey, Jean Ann McCIintock, Florence Justin, and Regina Baker. Thursday: Laura Betty Gregory, Helen Stallings, Erma Irwin, and Helen Ritchey. Friday: Jo Dennis, Mary K. Miller, Esther Kirkhoff, and Helen Chamberleih. Saturday: T. Stiers, Florence Justin, and Phyllis Smith. . (9-26) —SCHILLING.
Bowlers: All men interested in forming a student bowling league, please meet in the Union bowling alley at 4 p. m. Tuesday, September 26. —KING.
Exponent Woricers: The following sophomores are to work as hereby assigned: Lynn, Monday; Pickett, • ’Tuesday; Lannou and Novey, Wednesday; Mezger, Thursday; Carpenter and Bollwinkel, Friday; and Purcell, Saturday. —FRED
NOT TOO LATE I ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS WED., SEPT. 27#7;00p. m. ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNERS, WED., SEPT. 27 ADVANCED, THURS., SEPT. 28 6:30 P. M. ALLEN’S 6tli and Ferry
OPEN LETTER
to
FRESHMAN MEN
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE IS INVALUABLE
. . . . therefore, what could be more fitting than combining,.this asset with your college training! While handling the advertising campaigns for Lafayette and West Lafayette merchants, you’U be learning much about business organization and management of these concerns and many others. To top all this off, you will gain in the estimation of your friends, you're *'m the know” when it comes to campus activities, you’ll make scores of new friends, and finally there’s that alluring goal of a senior posidon.-In short, you get the advantages of a top-notch activity combined with valuable experience in salesmanship and advertising, plus many contacts useful after graduation. So ’nuf sed . . . come on around to 312 North Fifth, you frosh, and we'll tell you the rest in person.
the Purdue Exponent 312 North Fifth Street
Be In The “Know”
. / . Read The Exponent DoUy