|!P1*
m^M
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Rain and colder today: tomorrow snow flurries and colder.
Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY Moreli 5,1939 Lafatyetfe, lodicma Vol. 50 No. 130
z-iu
News ,Se Week
Eugenio Cardinal Pacelli Named New Pope; Takes Name of PhiS XII. Loyalist Spain Still Declines to Surrender; U. S. Recognition Predicted. Giant Pan-American Clipper Completes Trial Flight. Automobile Manufacturers Announce 37 Per Cent Increase in Business. Joint Session of Congress, Supreme Court Meet on Senate Anniversary. 779 Indiana Basketball Teams Fight for Top Honors.
\
FOREIGN
Eugenio Cardinal Pacelli ... ^ ... after one of history’s shortest conclaves, became pope Thursday, assumed the name of Pius XII on his 63rd birthday. The new pope had been papal secretary of state for eight years. In three ballots a full membership of the college of cardinals elected Cardinal Pacelli 262nd pontiff, ruler of millions of Cath-
olics throughout the world.
Opening his pontificate with a world-wide radio broadcast. Pope Pius XII made strong appeals for peace saying, “May God reward those who invoke it (peace), who desire it with pure heart, who pray for it and hasten it.” Two New Bombings . . . '
... aroused Scotland Yard to renew efforts to stamp out the Irish Republican army, suspected of these and many other outrages within the last month and a half. The latest bombings were an attempt, it was believed, to flood low lying factory areas. One bomb was placed in a Grand Union canal aqueduct and the other in a culvert beneath the Birmingham navigation canal. Neither blast succeded in bursting the canal banks, though the explosions were heard for miles. Mahatma Gandhi . . . . . . 70-year-old leader of India’s untouchables, began another of his fasts this week in an attempt to get his own way. The famous leader began his fast Friday noon when he failed to get what he believed a suitable answer on his constitutional proposals for Rajkot state. 200 Persons . . . . . . weie blown to bits or burned to death, 200 more injured, and 600 homes destroyed by explosion of an aimy arsenal in Hirakata, Japan, Wednesday. Over 5,800 persons were left homeless and enormous damage was recorded in this greatest disaster of Japanese industrial history. Hirakata is a suburb of Osaka, Japan’s second largest city, 330 miles west of Tokio. Origin of the disaster is unknown. WAR U. S. Recognition . . . ... of General Franco’s nationalistic regime in Spain will come eventually, in line with America’s traditional policy of recognizing governments achieved through revolution, Washington officials have indicated. Our policy dates back to Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson, who declared, “we surely cannot deny to any nation that right whereon our own government is founded, that everyone may govern itself according to whatever form it pleases, and change this form at its own will.” In Spain’s case, however, officials say they are uncertain as to how much Franco’s government has been formed by will af the nation, and how much fropi Italian and German assistance., Nevertheless, United States’ recognition appears inevitable, although officials indicated the State Department would not rush affairs. Despite Hopes . . . . . . for early Loyalist surrender by Britain and France, who recognized Franco’s government Monday, government forces are still holding stubbornly to Madrid. Other reports state Premier Juan Negrin’s plane is ready to carry him out of the country. Manuel Azana resigned as President of the Spanish republican government Tuesday at his villa in Prance. Franco Upset . . . ... the applecart carefully prepared by Britain and France last week. These sister democracies with their recognition requested that Franco declare a general amnesty, hoped that Spain would remain “independent.” Franco snapped back, “the admiration for me expressed by neighboring democracies today leaves me as indifferent as the >( Continued on page 2)
Boilermakers Lose, 51-35 Australians Will Weber Leads Riveter Offensive
Meet University Debaters Tuesday Tuesday night at 8 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall, H. R. Robson of the University of Sidney and Fred Thohemann of the University of Melbourne of Australia, both graduates in law, will debate the question, “Resolved: That the Achievements of Science Have Created Merely An Illusion of Progress,” Bob Sasser...
As Buckeyes Clinch Big Ten Title
DruggistsToDiscuss Socialized Medicine In Conference Here “Socialized Medicine as it Affects the Public,” will be one of the mai^ timely topics to be discussed at the ninth annual Druggists’ Business Conference to be held at the University on Tuesday and Wednesday, March 21 and 22. The conference, sponsored by the pharmacy extension department, is expected to attract nearly 500 people connected with the pharmacy profession in the state of Indiana. One of the highlights of the conference will be the annual dinner on Tuesday evening at which the question of “Socialized Medicine” will be ^presented by Dr. R. G. Leland, dii’ector of the bureau of Medical Economics of the American Medical Association. “Dictatorships in Action” will be discussed by John J. Haramy, head of the history department of Indiana Central College, who recently returned from a trip through the dictator couutries in Eui-ope. President Elliott will preside as toast‘master, and the Purdue Glee Club will offer a special program. Smith To Address Co-op Enthusiasts Here On Wednesday Wednesday evening at 8 o’clock in the Wesley Foundation, Dr. A. A. Smith of the educational department will address students interested in the co-operative movement at the University on the subject of “Co-ops Around the World.” This will be the first of a series of discussions designated to acquaint those interested in the movement with the basic principles of the organization. Persons showing the most interest who desire to live in a co-op house next year will be given preference on their application. Three other discussions will follow later in the month; on March 15, there will be a panel discussion by Eric Swanson, Howard Nicky, Lois McGaughney, and Max Munson on the “5,000 Per Cent Growth in Purdue’s Co-ops;” and on March 22 and 29, the respective discussions covering “Will the Co-op Ideal Work?” and “Where Do We Go Fi’om Hei’e?” are scheduled. PIA Dancing Class To Open On Tuesday First regular ballroom dancing class in a series of eight, sponsored by the PIA, will be held Tuesday, March 7, at 7:30 In the Women’s Gym. Open to all students whether PIA members or not, the price for the series of lessons is three dollars. However, women students, who are accompanied by dance partners will be admitted free. Those wishing to attend the classes are asked to sign up in the PIA office in the Union Building or Tuesday night before the class.
.. . ME ’39, who with Joseph Yamamoto, EE ’40, will meet the visiting Australian debaters in Fowler Hall Tuesday night at 8 o’clock. with Robert Sasser and Joseph Yamamoto of the University. Reception at 4 P. M. Preceding the debate, a reception with Dr. Sears in charge and sponsored by the Forensic Board, Student Senate, and WSGA, will be held at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge for the visitors. The reception is primarily to give students an opportunity to meet debaters; however, Robson wil speak on “The Australian Girl” and Thonemann on “The Australian University.” The Australians, who have been traveling through the United States and Canada on a,debate tour since September, will support the affirmative side of the question. Following the debate. President E. C. Elliott will lead an open forum, giving the audience an opportunity to question both sides. Men’s Glee Club, led by A. P. Stewart, will be on the evening’s program and a backdrop composed of the flags of both nations, the Union Jack and the Stars and Stripes, will decorate the speak-
ers’ platform.
Organizations Hold Nominations Mar. IS Announcement of nominations for WSGA and YWCA officers will be made on March 15. The officers for ^ the two organizations will be chosen at an election later in the spring.
Walters, Weir Open Institute With Talks On Leadership, Play The Recreational Institute was opened in the Fieldhouse yesterday morning with a talk by Prof. J. E. Walters on Techniques of Leadership. In his speech Prof. Walters said that each group should develop "their own leadership ratings. Later on in his talk he explained his idea of personality was the effect one left on othej’ people. The second talk of the morning was by J. H. Weir, author of “Europe at Play” a volume which has been limited to I, 000 copies. Discusses Work, Play His talk was on the difference in attitude of both work and. play between people in Europe and America. In America, he went on, the people think of work as non-pleas-urable and of play as pleasurable, while the European concept is that work and play are sisters. In his remarks he went on to discuss outstanding contributions to recreation by Germany, Italy, Russia, France, England, and the Scandinavian countries. Paris alone, he said has 300,000 acres of land open to public recreation while Chicago, a city of similar size, has only 36,000 acres of public parks and recreational grounds. Practically all European governments subsidize refcreation through sports clubs and it is carried on in a much more extensive scale than in this country. The Recreational Institute will be held every morning from nine until twelve, until March 21. Listed on the program are several nationally known men in the public recreation field. Dr. Mosby To Deliver Interracial Service Dr. Robert S. Mosby, noted negro pastor of Indianapolis, will talk at the annual Interracial Service of Wesley Foundation this evening at 6:30 p. m. On the subject “We Greet the Dawn,” he will discuss relations between the white and black
races.
Dr. Mosby will bring a quartet from his church to present Spirituals and other special numbers. The group from Indianapolis will be special quests of the Foundation at the regular Sunday evening supper at 5 p. m. All negro students at the University are especially invited to these meetings.
By B. D. Witwer COLUMBUS, O., Mar. 4.—championship-mad Ohio State basketball team efficiently out shot, guarded and passed a hard struggling Boilermaker team into decisive submission here tonight to win 51 to 35. All efforts to re-find the spark of super playing present in last Monday’s game with Indiana were in^ " vain.
Big Ten Standings Ohio State 10 2 .833 Indiana 9 3 .750 Illinois 9 3 .750 PURDUE 6 5 .645 Minnesota . ... 6 5 .545 Northwestern 6 6 .455 Wisconsin ... ^ .4 8 .333 Iowa 3 8 .273 Chicago 3 8 .273 Michigan 3 8 .273 Sectional Tourney Winners At Lafayette—Jefferson. At Anderson—Anderson. At Bedford—Bedford. At Muncie—Burris. At Attica—Pine Village. At Boswell—Oxford. , At Crawfordsville—Waveland. At East Chicago—Hammond. At Elkhart—Elkhart. At Evansville—^Bosse. At Fort Wayne—South Side. At Frankfort—Frankfort. At Kokomo—Kokomo. At LaPoi-te—LaPorte. At Logansport—^Logansport. At Mishawaka—Mishawaka. At Huntingburg—Stendal. At Jeffersonville—New Albany. At Lebanon—Lebanon. At Martinsville—Bloomington. At Terre Haute—Garfield Tech. At Vincennes—Vincennes. At Valparaiso—^Valparaiso. Students To Pick 'Song Of The Week' In Union Contest Henceforth Purdue’s “Song of the Week” will be chosen in a contest sponsored by the Purdue Student Union which will enable students to cast votes for their choices between the hours of 3:30 and 5, on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday afternoons of each week in front of the sweet shop. Results of each week’s contest will be withheld until the song is presented on the regular Saturday night swing session for that week. The contest will start this week with the first new “Song of the Week” to be presented by Harry McCrady and his oi’chestra on the coming “Swing Show” Saturday. The new “Swing Show” will inaugurate a series of programs in which campus talent will be combined with the regular swing.
Music Program Postponed Hail To Open Senior
Marital Series April 18
Thais Crepps, Union vice president, announced the music i*oom program scheduled for this afternoon at four will be postponed and that no program will be given.
Fourteen Men And A Girl...
. . . brought down the roof of the Union ballroom last night with a jam version of Hail Purdue, and then sang a contrasting spine quivering version of “Star Dust.” Francis Colwell, lovely singer in Dean Hudson’s band, here for the Saturday mixer, started the swing session swaying to the tune of “My Heart Belongs to Daddy,” and her own version of “I Must See Annie Tonight.” When inteiwiewed just before the dance started, members of Dean Hudson’s band, the Florida Clubmen, who were then tuning up instruments, mentioned the fact that they enjoyed the engagement here;
that “everything was going swell,” and that it would be a long time before they found a more appreciative audience than that at the swing session. “We’re sorry that we didn’t get to see more of your campus.” “But some of the fellows said that it’s pretty much of a mess, with all the holes around. You know, our own campus is torn up too.” A Union official broke in then with “Sorry, you’ll have to clear the ballroom, the dance is starting.” Tough luck. Francis, Miss Colwell, hadn’t appeared.
Marital lectures for seniors will begin Wednesday afternoon in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building at 4 o’clock, continuing until April 18. Professor Oakle F. Hall, of the education department, will be the speaker at the opening session. His subject will be “Success Factors in Marriage, or Marriage as Seen by a Sociologist.” One week later Dr. J. A. Estey, of the history, economics, and government departments, will speak on “Marriage as Seen by
an Economist.”
Judge W. Lynn Parkinson, of the Lafayette court, will address seniors on March 22 and Drs. T. B. Rice and Elizabeth Straus will conclude the series April 11 and 18. The first three lectures are open fqr all seniors; the last two to sen-
ior men only.
A record crowd of 11,000 watched Jimmy Hull take over the Big Ten scoring honors by making 20 points. Weber was the Purdue mainstay with his 16 points, efficient ball handling and under-the-basket floor
work.
Completely outplayed in the first half and trailing 28 to 16 at the intermission, the Boilermakers attempted a comeback at the start of the last period, but when the news was flashed to the spectators and players, of Indiana’s defeat, both went wild. With the championship fever in their minds any ball near the basket was a sure score for the Ohioans. Seven shots netted the Buckeyes six baskets in that run. Captain Gene Anderson failed to get into the game at aU. He was laid up with a fever and was imable to aid his mates in stemming the tide of defeat, although nothing seemed to be able to stand up against the Ohio State steam-roller this evening. Purdue (35) B. F. P. TP Igney, f 3 0 2 6 Hutt, f 0 0 1 0 Zink, f 2 0 0 4 Fisher, f 1 3 2 5 Swartz, f 0 0 0 0 Dickinson, g Oil 1 Weber, c 7 2 1 16 Yeager, g 0 12 1 Beretta, g 1 0 2 2 Herschelman, g .... 0 0 0 0 Totals 14 7 11 35 Ohio State (51) B. F. P. TP Hull, f 8 4 0 20 Edwards, f 0 0 0 0 Baker, f 3 0 1 6 Michelson, f 0 0 1 0 Scott, f 0 0 0 0 Schick, c 6 2 3 14 Sattler, c 1 1 0 3 Lynch, g 10 4 2 Maag, g .... 0 0 0 0 Boughner, g 2 2 2 6 Dawson, g 0 0 0 0 Mees, g- 0 0 0 0 Gall, f 0 0 0 0 Price, g 0 0 0 0 Totals 21 9 11 51 Lion's Club Fetes Basketball Squad In Tuesday Dinner Not champions, but one of the hardest fighting Purdue teams for some time, the big surprise of the conference, the Boilermaker netmen will be the guests of alumni, townspeople, and students at the annual Lion’s Club banquet on Tuesday night at 6:30 in the Memorial Union Building. The tickets for the affair may be purchased at the Union desk, Southworth’s, Deac’s, and from any lion’s Club member. Priced at $1.10 the tickets will be sold only until 7 o’clock Moi^day evening. Award Letters Features of the bantpiet will be awarding of letters to varsity team members and numerals to the freshmen, and the announcement of the captain for next year’s squad. For, the enteidainment, the Glee Club under the direction of A1 Stewart, will sing. A former graduate student in the chemistry department win show that “Things are not as they seem,” and President Effiett will give a short appreciation talln
//,11:
^dibfdtd.
THE PUHDOE EXPONENT
(Continued from page 1) abuse they heaped on me yesterday.” American Fighiers ... . . , held prisoner in nationalistic Spain will be released in exchange for an equal number of Italian prisoners now held by the Madrid government, U. S. ambassador to Spain Claude G. Bowers announced Friday. Bowers said the Intei’national Red Cross would supervise the exchange. Agreements provide that prisoners shall be returned to their own countries. Provisional Chinese . . . . . . capital Chungking is rapidly becoming a reduced tai;get, as military officers skan the skies for Japanese bombers. By March 16 authorities vill have reduced Japan’s possible target from 700,000 men, women, and children to 350,000 Government employees and soldiers. To localize damage from incendiary bombs, every tenth building in crowded sections is being torn down. Meanwhile, little action takes place on China’s battle lines, save minor skirmishes between guerilla bands.
NATIONAL Union Pacific’s ... . . . “Pony Express” passenger train came to grief this week when five cars rolled over a twenty foot embankment in southern Wyoming. Eighteen persons riding in Pullman cars were injured, none of them seriously. Heavy fogs hindered ambulances hurrying to the rescue. Martin T. Manton ... . . . former judge of the federal Circuit Court of Appeals who resigned under fire, was indicted this week in New York City on three counts of “unlawfully conspiring to commit an offense against the United States government and to deprive the United States government of the services of a judicial officer.” The 14-page indictment was based on alleged patent infringements by Dictograph Products Corporation against Schick Dry Shaver, Inc., and contended that Judge Manton had been paid over $55,000 to prevent Schick lawyers from winning their suit against manufacturers of Packard dry shavers. Pan-American ... . . . Airways’ new giant flying ho-
LOWEST PRICES ON SUPPLIES
FOR
Fraternities . . . Sororities . . . Clubs
and Organizations
Pure White "Lily” I/4 Fold Napkins, per case of lOM Napkins
Per case of 5^S/lNapkins "Just-Wun” Folder Paper Towels, 3,750 towels in a case, price per case "Dandy Roll” Paper Towels, "i,150 towels to case, price per case "No Waste” Toilet Taper, the very finest quality, 125 packages per case "Roll Toilet Paper*^ 2,000 sheets to roll, finest quality, 100 rolls to price per case
Per Yi case, 50 rolls, same as above..
m 54.40 54.85 53.75 58.00 59.00 54.75
Filing Cabinets, Desks, Safes, Chairs, Tables, Toilet Paper, Paper Napkins, and Towels, Liquid Soaps and Dispensers, Record Books, Mimeographs, Engraving, Vortex Drinking Cups. Haywood’s (Established 1826) Retail Department Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette, Ind. Publishers Engravers Stationers
■■i
as HOCK FINN... ... the role you demanded for your favorite boy! Now it's on the screen ... a picture of laughter, heart-throbs, adventure that you'll never forget!
LY
Walter IKlCSlLEYWOef*
STARTS TODAY
CARVER •
tel, the 74-passenger, 40-ton Clipper Number 18, this week completed her maiden trans-Pacific flight, arriving at Hong Kong Friday. She carried mail, express, and 28 passengers, all staff members of PAA or Boeing and Wright aircraft companies. French Planes ... ; . . suffered a decrease in production this week when union employees of the Curtiss-Wright Corporation, St. Louis, went on strike, tying up work on structural parts for the 100 military planes ordered by France. BUSINESS Retail Figures ... ... on January car sales compiled this week by the Automobile Manufacturers Association show a rise of 37 percent over the year-ago month. Dow-Jones March auto market forecast predicts a gain of nearly 70 percent over a year ago. Harry Hopkins . . . . . . FDR’s Secretary of Commerce, patted Business’ bald pate this, week at Des Moines, Iowa, muttering something like, “My, how you’ve grown.” His speech, wi’itten cooperatively by New Deal mouthpieces Tom Corcoran, Will Thorp, and Ben Cohen, was definitely designed to cure business of its jitters. Rather than stick his chin out, however, Hopkins dealt in generali-" ties, kept specific suggestions in reserve. Slumps in Employment ... . . . for January were recorded this week by Illinois’ Department of Labor. Figures showed a decrease of 4 percent over December which brought about a corresponding decrease in actual payroll figm’es of 3.8 percent. Women took it on the chin with a 17.7 percent drop, while men’s /employment fell off 4.3 percent in non-manufacturing lines. WASHINGTON A Joint Session ... ... of the Senate, House, Supreme Court, Diplomatic , Corps, ArmyNavy bigwigs, and FDR met yesterday to commemorate the 160th anniversary of the convening of the first session of the United States Congress. Speaker-of-the-day FDR reminisced for the government, speaking of the Bill-of-Rights, citing how we of the present day adhere to free press, free speech, and abhore those who stifle the freedom of religion. Also on the roster of yesterday’s session were Vice President John Nance Garner, Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes, and John Charles Thomas, Metropolitan baritone, who sang “God Bless Our Native Land” and the “Star jangled Banner.” 500 Billions ... . . . for army appropriations won approval of the House late this week as the largest supply measure (Continued on page 4)
The one big regret . . . dripping tears all. over the place . • . imagine going clear over to the city after the brawl Friday only to find out that the new guzzling law has already been put into effect! What a terrible disappbinitmignt to see the once gloriously blazing lights now a dark black . .. guess the sidewalks will definitely be . rolled up at 12 bells . . . what’s the use of livin’! We see a bigger and better Sunday morning for the near futures ... or else the populace will start the gong going a couple of hours earlier than usual. Just don’t let the idea pass from mind that two co-ed bids are coming up this month ... all gold digging' isn’t limited to co-eds . . . next week comes the Pi Phi brawl . . . it’s also due time to get in a pipeline for the bid dance before vacation . . . it’s only three weeks off . . you might stand a chance . . . fellows are scarcfe on this campus . . . that is, the certain types! A secret code message . . .everyone else, please don’t read ... you won’t know what it means if you do read it: “Chris Columbo Sails March 14!” Too bad Debris beauty KILLNER has to share his society page posing with other beautiful boys . . . seems that his disappointment is due to the fact that he can’t have a whole page all for himself . . . better luck next year. Saw JANICE RENICK, one time , Pui’due coed and now Butler stooge, haunting the halls of dear ole alma mater . . . the gal used to get along quite well with the boys here last year . . . seems to be doing all right as far as DOD is concerened too! Nothing like politics in a fraternity house . . . the SAE house is all for the Hitler plan ... of course, JOHNNIE DECKERT, screwball of the house has elected himself as the guiding hand . . . the boys must be trying to show a brainstorm . . . they just couldn’t have enough grey matter to become serious about matters other than joeing and affairs of the heart! What a dull Saturday afterpoon . .. three-fourths of the campus has packed up and “gotten out of town” ... no one in the shop, the one bright spot of the afternoon was CHARLIE COLE’S playing good Samaritan and taking five girls for a swell ride in the country ... all on the level, chums, SHARKEY BAUMGARDT, and KISTLER all
“sum. IT’S A urn,
M LOSE ONLY ONOE!’
JOAN DAVIS • CHARLES FARRELL
—EXTRAPETE SMITH SPECIALTY
Starts TODAY MAM
“There’s been a terrible mistake—^Mrs. -Snodgrass has taken this box for the season.”
seemed to enjoy it . . . especially the part where they were actresses for Charlie’s movie camera. If you ever feel down and out, remember that Jonah came out all right! . . . After all, how could one feel after losing $250 by not being present when their name was called out at bank night! As a last minute thought, DICK McNEIL . . . Debris shot . . . has taken quite a beating when it comes to being alias . . . for the last two weeks, his name has been printed eyery way but the right way ... sorry chum ... guess we’re really behind the eight-ball! La-dedoo. —B-B— Just don’t let the idea pass from mind that two co-ed bids are coming up this month! . . . AH gold digging isn’t limited to the co-eds . . . next week comes the Pi Phi brawl ... it’s also due time to get in a
pipeline for co-ed bid coming off in three weeks . . . you might stand a chance . . . fellows are scarce on ^ this campus . . . that is, the certain types! A-
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
— and — 'GIVE ME A SAILOR' — with—. MARTHA RAYE BOB HOPE
LUklA TODAY — MONDAY
— with—RICHARD GREENE NANCY KELLY PRESTON FOSTER GEORGE BANCROFT
m7*'’' ‘
Sunday. March 5,1939
THE POBDUE
EXPONENT
1
$ ■
ith Chicago Tomorrow
Closing a comparatively successful season, Purdue’s fourth place hardwood squad plays Chicago tomorrow night on the Fieldhouse floor at 7 :30 in a ‘‘Dickinson Night” celebration. Although rated as a second divis- ———
ion team after the loss of the three greats of last year, the Boilermakers have played consistently good ball this season and are the surprise of the conference. Purdue is assured of a fii’st division berth no matter how the game ends. Only once since “Piggy” Lambert has been the Pm’due coach, have the Boilermakers failed in that quest and that in his first year. Seniors’ Final Game Tomorrow’s game will mark the final in the Gold and Black uniform for Captain Gene Anderson, Franklin, all-conference center last year; Tom Dickinson, Lafayette, guard; Harry Zink, Monticello, forward; and Dale Hutt, Indianapolis, forward, as regulars. Two reserves, Nicholas Barsha, Anderson, guard, and Carl Swan, Tulsa, Okla., guard also will graduate. Between the halves, the Greater
Lafayette Chamber of Commerce wil sponsor a testimonial program in honor of Tom Dickinson. John Jamison will be in charge of the pro'gram and will introduce as the speakers Tom’s father, K. P. Dickinson, and A. B. Masters, Jeff high school coach. Ingleiiian Takes Third Game In Peterson Contest' The third game in the contest, for the Peterson Championship Gold Medal resulted in a victory for M. H. Ingleman, he scoring 25 red balls to Jack Smalley’s 10. The fourth game will be played Monday night at 9 o’clock after the ball game, between E. M. Golonka and R. E. Vanderbilt.
Purdue Will Close Season - - Jefferson Bronchos Indiana Loses Title Wil
Nip West Siders In Sectional Thriller Two Jefferson high school re-
serves, Bob Westra and Vincent Cors, who were “bench cowboys” throughout the season sparked the Jeff Bronchos to a surprising 3328 victory over Leon Dailey’s favored West Side quintet last night in a Jefferson gymnasium filled to the rafters with Tippecanoe county basketball fans who displayed four quarters of typical Hoosier hard-
wood hysteria.
West Side led at the quarter 137, and at the half 18-16. Both teams had 25 points at the start of the final stanza, with Jeff forging to the front shortly after the final quarter began, and holding their slim lead to the end.
Defeat By Michigan 5345 ANN ARBOR, Mich., Mar. 4.—^(Special)-—With a chance for their flrst undisputed championship if Purdue beat Ohio State and a sure share with a victory over Michigan, Indiana’s Hoosiers faltered and fell before the drive of the Wolverines by " a score of 53 to 45.
Reach Semi-final Round In Western Collegiate Squash Racquets Tourney
For Transient Guests
by
Attractive, Comfortable Rooms with Luxurious Beds and Excellent Serv-
ice.
THE UNION
JhsL
TyimioimL lAnimL The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
. . . head football coach at Lehigh University, was named yesterday to the additional post of Director of Athletics by President C. C. Williams. Coach Harmeson came to Lehigh in 1934 from Purdue University, where he had been an assistant coach.
Gopher Aquatic Head Optimistic Over Big Ten Championships ! “We’re not of championship calibre, but we can give the champions an interesting time of it.” So says Niels Thorpe, 19 years the swimming coach at the University of Minnesota, as he carefully shapes the Gopher squad for the Big Ten championships to be held 'in the Fieldhouse, Friday and Saturday, March 10 and 11. Although most of the squad’s power is centered about the seven lettermen, Thorpe has several possibilities among sophomores. Sophomore Threat One of Thorpe’s chief hopes is John Sahlman, in 200-yard-breast stroke. When Sahlman first reported, as a freshman, he was one of the poorest crawl swimmers that ever appeared on the brim of a tank. Rather than give up as a swimmer, Sahlman, under the tutelage of Thorpe, then started training in the breast stroke and has developed until he is one of the best breast stroke prospects for the Gopher squad in years. He has succeeded in reducing his time from 2:35 to 2:33 since last season and is working hard on bettering 2:30 at the Championship meet next week. Captain Lyman Brandt, veteran backstroke swimmer will-lead this aggregation with the assistance of Bill Morris in the niiddle distance events, John Sahlman in the breast stroke, Phil Broderson, Sylvester Jablpnski, Sheldon Lagaard, Morris and Ted Bloom, in the free style dashes, and Leonard Klun in the diving.
psddafCL
yjiOL
By Bob McDonald Pinch-hitting for Bruce, out to cover the Ohio State game and see his best girl . . . always mix business with pleasure, it makes for the best in both . . . a pinch-hitter’s position is not to be envied . . . if he succeeds and drives in a run, his only reward is the opportunity to move one position nearer the coach on the bench . . . if he fails, not even his mother loves him. —^f c— • PinCh-hitters are found in all the vocations and avocations of society ... a friend indeed is the roommate who pinch-hits by taking your pin- , girl to the local club’s best formal . . . this platonic stuff is alright, but you can*t live on it . . . so I’ve been told . . . pity the poor pinchhitter who substitutes for Mrs. Jones at his mother’s four-table afternoon contract bridge session . . . then there is always the pinchhitter or substitute, call him what you will, to whose entreaties the coach always replies, “I’m saving ya’.” . . . sure, for the Junior Prom. —fc— A well known track coach has said that it takes five per cent speed plus five per cent stamina and 90 per cent pure intestinal fortitude to make a good quarter-miler. . . . Coach Phillips’ Shackleton seems to have the makings . . . rounding the first turn in a recent practice race with the freshmen. Shack was spiked so badly that his shoe was torn completely off his foot . . . without missing a stride, “Red” continued on around the track to set a new, unofficial track record of 50.8 seconds for the grueling long-distance dash , . . now a badly cut foot may keep him out of Saturday’s Big Ten meet. —^fC:— —.Under the supervision of “Chief” Clevett, the Western Intercollegi-
As a result of yesterday’s squash contests in the Fieldhouse, four men, three Pm’due entries and a Michigan representative, remain in the running from a field of 16 entrants who were playing in the Western Intercollegiate squash tourney yesterday. These four remaining men, Jackson, Sokolowski, and Blitz, of Purdue, and Strickland, of Michigan, will meet in the Fieldhouse this morning for the championship, the semi-finals beginning at 10 a. m. and the'finals at 11 a. m. The semi- finals will have Jackson, of, Purdue, pitted against the entrant from Michigan, Strickland, and Sokolowski meeting his Boilermaker teammate. Blitz. The winners of these two matches will meet each other at 11 a. m. for the title.
1C
Indiana trailed by only a single point with four minutes left in the game, but Michigan turned ort a literal stream of baskets to deluge the Hoosiers. Michigan obtained a 32 to 29 half-time lead and was struggling to maintain that margin until the final minutes. Rae was the high point man for Michigan with 19 points while Ernie Andres topped the Indiana men with 15 markers. Chicago 39, Wisconsin 33 Chicago, 111., Mar. 4.-—(Special) -—Chicago’s Maroons rose from the cellar to strike down the Wisconsin basketball team last night 39 to 33 in a game that found the lead changing hands frequently. The victory marked the third of the season for the Maroons, more than they have seen for several years, while the defeat gave Wisconsin a record of only four wins for the year and closed its schedule. Chicago will face Purdue Monday night in its final game. Bell, paced the attack of the Wisconsin Badgers, garnering 19 tallies in the game. Lounsbury topped the victory march of Chicago with
13 points.
lana, 38-37 Intramural Schedule
NEW LOW PRICES ON
Some Models Reduced 20%
Several Bargains 2nd Hand Cameras
ASK ABOUT OUR TIME PAYMENT PLAN HINEA'S 634 MAIN ST. PHONE 7775
In a closely contested telegraphic meet Thursday afternoon Indiana’s frosh swimming team defeated the Boilermaker aggregation by the close score of 38-37. The freshman squad has been seriously crippled by the influenza epidemic and had to present a revamped lineup for the meet. ■ 1 Results of the meet were: 300 Yard Medley Relay—Purdue (McCready, Tingley, Smith), first: Indiana (Kempf, Smillig, Beggs), second. Time, 3 :29.3. 220 Yard Free Style—Leuenberger (I), first; Boaz (I), second; Branner (P), third. Time, 2:31.1. 60 Yard Free Style—Leuenberger (I), first; Kratzer (P), second; Offut (I), third. Time, ;25. 100 Yard Free Style—Kratzer (P), first; Leuenberger (I), second; Kempf (I), third. Time, :56.8. 160 Yard Back Stroke—Boaz (I), first; Mecredy (P), second: Kempf (I), third. Time, 1:67.1. 200 Yard Breast Stroke—Bloomquist (P), first; Frank (P), second; Thomas (I), third. Time, 2 :52. 440 Yard Free Style—Boaz (I), first; Kusko (P), second: Collinge (I), third. Time, 6:46. 400 Yard Relay—Purdue (Lake, Branner^ Smith, Kratzer), first; Indiana (Thomas, Smillie, Collinge, Beggs), second. Time, 3:68.3. •
ate Squash Tournament is now in session on the local courts . . . three Michigan players answered the blanket invitation. . . outnumbered one of them will probably win . . . Purdue’s racquet wielders are finding their heavy handicaps too much for them.
Badminton Doubles—Tomorrow Court 1 4 :00—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Theta Tau. 5 :00—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Delta XJpsilon. Court 2 4:00—^^Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Triangle. 6 :00—Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Court 3 4:00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma Pi. 6:00—Beta Theta Pi vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Court 4 4:00—Phi Pi Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 5 :00—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Kappa Sigma. Court 5 4:00—Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa. 6 :00—-Phi Delta Theta vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Court 6 4:00—Delta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma.
WBAA
■THE VOICE OF PURDUE"
—Tomorrow— 11:00—^Morning Melodies. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes,. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—Sports Review, Dick Shively 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—The Town Crier. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Story Time. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—Magic Carpet. 2:15—Pat Wolcott, soprano. 2:30—Foods, Facts, Fancies. 2:45—Maurine Martin, violinist. 3:00—Concert Review. 4:00—The Warren Family. 4:15—Campus Personalities. 4:30—Robei-t Pettiner, accordion. 4:45—Story Book Horn’. 7:15—Basketball game, Purdue vs. Chicago.
COLONIAL GARDENS TOMMY TUCK-ER INN Why Can’t You? Dine . . . Dance
■M
Get Ready for Spring Sports at Deac's We have a complete line of fine sporting goods---Wilson, Spauld-
ing,
& DItson, and Sportscraft. No matter what you need In
the way of sports equipment, you'll find If at DEAC'S.
REISNER
Tennis Racquets Golf Equipment Badminton Sets Baseball Gloves^boaxL Gdiu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
*yLojticttA.
Sunday# March S# 1939
■■ ■
The Week's NEWS
(Continued from page 2) since 1922 passed with nary an amendment. The bill calls for purchase of 784 warplanes, reinforcement of seacoast defenses, new semi-automatic rifles, anti-tank guns, modernized field artillery, and mobile anti-air-craft guns. Sit downs, NLRB Both . . . ... lost ground this'week as Supreme Court Justices passed judgement on the strike at North Chicago’s Fansteel Metallurgical Corporation. Read by Chief Justice Hughes, the decision o.k.’d Fansteel’s action in discharging employees who had seized the plant in 1937 during boss-worker conflicts over collective bargaining. Said Hughes, “These' employees had the right to strike, but they had no license to commit acts of violence or to seize their employer’s
plant.’’
He explained that unfair labor practices afford no excuse for such action on the part of workers, that Fansteel had certain rights of redress, among which was the right to discharge wrongdoers. Smedley Butler Would . . . . . . approve of a bill introduced to the Senate this week with support of 12 senators and 4 parties. The bill would prevent our government from waging war on foreign soil unless referendum showed public approval. Most bitter dissent came from the State department, which held that such a bill would interfere with U. S. foreign relations activity. Introduced by Sen. LaFOllette (Prog.-Wis.), the bill is a word-for-w'ord leincarnation of the Ludlow mea'sure defeated last year after administration forces applied tremendous pressure against it. “Time to Slow Up . . . ... on spending,” seemed to be Senate’s general attitude when Sen. Wagner (D-N.Y.) proposed legislation for expenditure of 850 million dollars per year on public
health.
Wagner suggests that states be granted funds for expanding genei'al public health work, child and maternity care, hospital construction, medical services, and temporary reimbursements for disabled ■workers.. As planned, the bill would call for 80 million dollars the first year, would increase each year, ultimately reaching the 850 million mark, Disease and lack of medical care, according to Wagner, now cost America 10 billion dollars annually. SPORTS Survivors of 20,000 ... . . . amateur boxers, thirty-two youths look next week to Golden Gloves championship finals Wednesday at Chicago Stadium. Sixty-four Scrapping ... ... Indiana State basketball teams . managed to garner sectional crowns this week and will resume activities in 16 regional centers next Saturday afternoon. Semi-finals will be played March 18 in Indianapolis, Hammond, Muncie, Evansville and the four winnei's of these, tourneys move to Indianapolis for the big show on
weight crown, agreed last Tuesday to fight the brown bomber for the title sometime in June. New York Promoter Mike Jacobs declined to announce the site of hostilities but said it would probably be “somewhere in the United States.” Others said Galento would try to “flatten dat bum Louis” in one of New Ydfck’s ball parks. Knight Announces Summer Calendar According to preliminai’y announcement made yesterday by Dr. F. B. Knight, director, the 1938-39 summer session of the University will be held from June 15 to August 12. Through the medium of the regular six and nine week courses and a number of intensive three week courses, a variety of subjects will be available in all departments
of the University.
As an added feature, the second annual Educational Leaders’ Clinic, consisting of four days in discdssion and conference on current educational problems by outstanding authorities, will be held July 10 to 13.
Notices
Freshmen Squash Men: Meet at the courts Tuesday, March 7, at 7 p. m.; ladder play. —KNOLL.
on Sunday, March 5, at 8 p. m.
-ott;
coming. Bring manuscripts.
—JUSTIN.
Outing Club: Eds and co-eds are invited to attend a meeting in the Women’s Gym Monday afternoon at 4. Plans for hikes and outings for the remainder of the semester will be discussed. —BRAY.
Purdue Engineer: The following men report to the Engineer office Monday, March 6, at 4 p. m.: Botsford, Fisher, Johnson, Crockford, Branner, and Leckie. —CATTERALL.
Exponent Editorial, Sports, and Co-ed Staffs: There will be a very important meeting Wednesday, March 8, in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 4 :i6 p. m. —STANBACK.
Intermediate Dance Class: First regular class will be held Tuesday, March 7, at 7:80 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —WELLS.
Poultry Club Members: Dues are payable before Friday, March 10th. —JENKINS.
Christian Science Organization: Thef'regular meeting will be held TuesdayMarch 7, at 7 :30 p. m. in room C of the Union Building. —MACK.
Union Sophomores: Please report to me concerning work shop schedule some time before Monday, March 6. Very important. —RICHARDSON.
Delta Rho Kappa: Orders for keys must be given to me by Monday, March 6. —BSTEY.
WAA Basketball:. Games to be played Tuesday, Mareh 7, at 6 p. m.: Kappa vs. Pi Phi, Theta vs. Ward 3. On Wednesday, March 8, at 4 p. m,: WRH-S vs. Phi Mu, Alpha Xi Delta vs. WRH-N. —REIMANN.
Dolphin: All members please be present Monday, March 6, at 4 o’clock in Fieldhouse pool. Arrangements will be made for Big Ten swimming meet. —CARR.
Independent Men: Anyone interested in participating in ward badminton, squash, or bowling sign up _ on respective blanfe on intramural bulletin board. (3-8) -MIDDLETONPlayshop: The spring party win be held Saturday, March If, from 9 to 12 p. m. in the Union faculty lounge. There will be dancing, skits, and refreshments. Get tickets from Bob Hettema or Ruth Bennett, forty cents per couple. —HETTEMA.
NYA Workers: Checks for period ending February 16 may be obtained at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, March 6, at 7:46 p’. m. at 126 West "Lutz Ave. Guests
WAA Badminton; The following matches must be played off by Monday, March 6: L. Hollingsworth, D. HendriehsM Clymer, R. Shlitter; M. L. Riley, G. Walker; N. Phillips, O. Blaygrace; M. Ward, B. J. Fisher: K. Merritt, L. Heiser; K. Ad^ E. Rubright: F. C. Calwell, S’ rison, P. McFarland: M. Schroeder.H. Haller : R. Swift, M. Baldwin; .N. Davidson, I. Irwin: M. Bailey, E. Westover, D. Schilling, L. Thomas. Courts will be available every Monday, Friday, and Saturday after—FISHLEIGH. ME 31; Examination for removal of condition or incomplete in ME 31 will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in room 801 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 11. ' % —MESSERSMITH.
All-Campus Show: Everyone interested in working on stage crew for All-Campus show meet in the west entrance of the cafeteria Monday, Marcd 6, at 4 p. m. —LINDSEY.
Lambda Kappa: The regular meeting will be postponed for one week. All Lutheran students are invited to attend the Walter League party in the St. James school hall
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FUSE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
WATCHES cleaned $1.00. Main springs $1,00. Crystals 26c and 36c. Alarm clocks cleaned 50c. Work guaranteed. Kellar’s Watch Shop. 223 Main.
ROOMS FOR RENT FOR RENT—One-half of double room for male student. Twin beds. 224 N. Salisbury. Phone 61774.
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278
You Feel Better When you know you
American-Gleaned Clothes will give you that satisfaction. Try our service and know!
VACANCY for two men students, room and board. Eighteen meals per week, desirable new home, innerspring beds, continuous hot water, thirty dollars per month. 805 N. Vine St. Phone 57973.
SINGLE room, private lavatory. Also double room. Reasonable rent. - Private home. 464 Maple St. Phone 4988.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—^^Kappa Delta Rho fraternity pin. Call 5827, Donald Woodward. Reward.
Phone 3085
American! Dependable Dry Cleaners
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Locksmith
• Bookstores
"C CARTER for Ke'^s, Locks, General Repairing SKATE SHARPENIHQ Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
"DEAG" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
• jewelers
Professional
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it weN. Opposite Poet Offiee Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
DR. A.M. IRION DENTIST 119Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Printing
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—0,D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D5. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D,S. Schultz Building 4h and Main l^ona 5701
ISTe r^RINTING Slailonery , , O 1 W^eddlns Invitatloni PHONE ■ SalasBooKEIc..., 262a CASSEL’S 408tERRy
66.
a
Radio City’s world-famous “Rockettes” aw J CHESTERFIELDS ...two can’t-be-copied combinations There’s skill and precision in the way the Rockettes dance and there’s skill and precision in the way the mild ripe Chesterfield tobaccos are blended and proportioned to brin^ out the best in each.
ffTa HAPPY COMBINATION of the world^s best cigarette tobaccos