i f
HersheiY lists Essential
G '^. 4-a? A ^ ^ M «:* SJUcSi I » vman ActiYittes
•;*-.r.':.'v'-;t;,::■" •.■ ' "■ ■ - '■' '‘ '\' '■/
f, y <>
'^Memotan^um^pkcifies MewJn Work Necessary For Support Of War Effort TO: The Students attd Member^' of the University Stall
Concerned:
For your information and guidance, I quote below, the Memorandum to AH State Directors (1-435). This is an amendment to the Memorandum to All State Directors (D406) which >vas sent toVou as Selective Service Memorandum No. 37. The amendment consists of the addition of a new Part X, and the List of Essential Activities. \ EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President
-py
■i
i'”
V
Established 1889
Itiiiii TiM ir«fcr
Motume 54, N#; "i w,;"" ' U. Col. Kimafd ^TalkUial^td
West Lafayette^ lQ4ii|04^
Sillily,
NATIONAL HEADQUARTERS SELECTIVE SERVICE SYSTEM . 21st Street and C Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. July 15,1942 Memorandum to All State Directors (1-435) Effective: Immediately Subject: Amendment: Occupational Classification Memorandum to All State Directors ,(1-405) Amended by adding a new Part X:
Crowd Attends Yidoiy ^ngtest Glee Club, Audience Pei^ni
Lt. Col. r^ceiil'Addition to the University Military Staff, will be the featured speaker at the Scabbard and Blade Initiatipn Banquet to be held next Tuesday at 6 in the West,Faculty Lounge of the Union. He/had been stationed, after March, 1939, with the Field Artillery in Hawaii, and was there during; the attack on Pearl Harbor.
War
itlfoavocation
Stewart Springs Surprise Soloists On Convo Lisieiters
PART X
By A1 Kimball
Many of the 3,000 people who came to the Music Hall expected to hear a Glee Club concert and 'do a little community singing on the side. They did both, but few expected to be spectators—and participants—in the three-ring circus that
_ , finally did develop. In the course of the evening, Ralph Deus“Purdde University does not intend to be a hide-out for the ter. Chairman of the War Council and Student Senate Rresi-
Not A NiderOut For Faint Hearted;' Urges All Students To Join Reserves
LIST OF CIVILIAN ACTIVITIES 1. Attached to this memorandum is a list of essential activities which has been provided for the Director of Selective Service by the War Manpower Commission. This list includes under broad activity classifications the products, facilities, and services considered necessary to war production and essential
to the support of the war effort.
2. The attached list may be used by the Selective Service System as a guide for the determination of a registrant’s occupational classification. The attached list is also in the hands of other Governmental agencies concerned with activities necessary to war production and essential to the support of the war effort, and will serve as a guide to those Governmental agencies in their functions with respect to occupational questions
effecting manpower of the Nation.
' 3. When considering a question of occupational classification, the attached list of products, facilities, and services may be referred to in order to determine whether the business in which the registrant is engaged is necessary to war production or essential to the support of the war effort. Since this list comprises broad groups of industrial activities by general type, upon finding that the business comes under one of the groups listed ,it should then be deter
mined that it is a civilian activity necessary to war production or essential to the war effort by its meeting one or more of the following tests: (a) That the business is fulfilling a contract of the Army, Navy, Maritime Commission, or other Governmental agencies engaged in war produc-
tion;
recemd his A.B. faint hearted,” stqted President Elliott in a convocation ad- dept, sang “Home on the Range” as a solo; a Forestry Profes-
sor sang “Sweet Adeline”; Joe Freed, a sailor, sang a solo and had a mock feud with Dave
degree from Texas Christian Uni- ,
versity in 1903 and his LLD from dress Friday morning during which he outlined the first clear Cumberland University in 1906. He and definite course of action expected from male University
practiced laiv until May, 1916, when
he re-eRt=red the service and saw action ovt-^seas in the first World
War.
Initiation Precedes Banquet He had received orders to leave the islands before the attack came, and shortly afterward he reported for duty here as a member of the
ROTC staff.
Pledges will be formally initiated Tuesday at 4:30 p. m. in the Armory. At this time. Dr. J. Holmes Martin, head of the poultry department and a member of the Univer-
students.
His talk was based on information garnered from his association with the War Man Power Board in Washington, which organization is concerned with allocating the man-power of the nation to its ultimate usefulness in the war effort. El- Elhott said he had received liott spoke out definitely to rumors in Washington that morale
at the University was low. After
CMI Service
PNoUbam
For War Work
urge all University men to enroll in some branch of the many enlisted reserves. He
For the benefit of students who will complete their courses this sumnter, the United States Civil
Mahns To Play
At Saturday's
Outdoor Mixer Union Wili Hold Dance
On Tennis Courts
Maury Mahns and his orchestra
(b) that the business is per- will provide the music for the next forming a Governmental serv- Union mixer which will be held, in
ice > directly concerned with
promoting or facilitating war ®
production, The open air dancing proved quite (c) that the business is per- popular with the students last forming a service, Governmen- and the Union promises that . , . , J* i.1 the dancing will be\even better this tal .or private, directly con- because the lennia comU will
cerned with providing food, be made smoother. clothing, shelter, health, safe- Comps For Future Dances
ty, or other requisities of the The Union is going to give four civilian daily life in support future mixers to the four .«i-i, fp f. persons who make the highest
’ scores on a new game, invented by
' (d)' that the business is sup- the Union. This game is a combinaplying material under subcon- tion of shuffleboard and horseshoe See HERSHEY LISTS, Page 4
Picture Ubrary Will Open Next
Semester T o Campus Pictures will again be available
next term to students and faculty . , ,
members from tlm lental library «su^ puces, »d-
started m 1939 by Mi^s Lauientza
Sqhantz-Hansen.
The library now contains about
twenty-foui frames with a choice of several diffeient pictures. They may be rented in th.e office of the applied design department for 60 cents or $1.00 a semester, accordr
ipg to type of the picture.
returning to the campus, however, he stated that he felt the world could place one hundred per cent
advocated" that students stay confidence m men and women of the
on their student jobs until University.
sity Battery which went to the Mex- completed and. they are told what niversity students respect and „ . Commission will hold a
exhibited by the large turnout for ‘^ird examination this year for
associate member. piaa To Mobiltee Students ^be convocation, and by the warm seniors and graduates Who desire Ralph Deuster will be the toast- «You have not yet had an all- reception accorded when students federal war work. Applicants are master at the banquet which will over coordinated program to mo- rose twice to cheer him. , particularly desired in the fields of
follow the initiation. Max Sptncer bilize and utilize all of you,” he said. (Jlee Club Sang
will welcome the new initiates into He predicted that the job ahead The Glee Club opened the pro- ministration, library science, eco. _
the organization and Gil Wolter j^eant that the government will gram with two songs, one of which, mathematics through ® I Got Plenty of Nu^ will reply for the pledges, after eventually apply selective service the Army Air Corps song, featuted calculus. Those Interested sfiould M-C y ug the Night,
which Col. Beere will make a few to all of the 60 or 60 million work- a new soloist, Joe Lochner. "" ’ "
ers as well as students, who will
Simpson, ^companist; an 8-year-^ld child prodigy astonished everyone by hie ability with a, piano, playing a Bach prelude and two of his own compositions; and, last bqt not least, the tiny daughters of Mr. Stewart, Glee Club leader, and Mr. Ragains, University orchestra conductor, very prettily sang, as a duet, “God Bless America”. Sfmdwiched in with the horseplay, which included breaks in the song “Juanita” to haunt “spectatoys” who cam^ in late, was a lot of fine Mnging, by both Glee Club and andience, The Glee Club demonstyafeJ the fine qualities which made them nafipnal runners-up
public administration, business ad- they sang aucb numbers as
“This Is My Country”—^theme of
Applications Due By August 27
Ceres
. . . agriculture honorary, announces the initiation of the following men; J. P. Clouse, E. G. Lundberg, J. V. Hayes, M. L. Downen, M. E. Stults, E. L. Patton, J. B.
Rosenberg, T. E
LeMaster.
Cosmopolitan Club To Picnic Saturday Cosmopolitan club will hold a picnic at Ross Camp next* Saturday. The a f t e r n o o n’s enteitainment.
I
In Enlisted Reserve
file an application with the Com- v?hich was the national contest num-
mission’s Washington, D. C., olfiee
by August 27. __ Au^ibimtdb'Sitigs j
Nurses Needed - ' Thh!^dien^(4‘ such nunor .Certoin national Agencies need “When nursing education consuitaots To , ‘ A Biadvise oif n&rsing'edyddllon ^ydb- BU|It foy Two”, and “Jingle lems in hd(nlhistiatm^dfl3s afipyd' Jmglo ’ turned in a really priated for trailing fidyues in,ha- *1*^®**^ Jdb when they hummed a tiona) defense, arid’tb give cpnsi^ta^ “Home On the Range’* V tion service to schools of riursiVigl' following A1 Stev^art’s direction.
Because of the expected increase . ‘v - Marvin Smith, ever popular tenor _ in enrolment next fall, the military Positions are open on |hd^. RuWic. ^|j. CQj.pg^ sang
Wilkenson, D. F. cational funds in an attempt to pro- department of the University has Health Service to re^AtAr^ i«^e'A three fine solos: “Little Grey Home vide as many educated men as pos- lequested from the War Depart- who have completed a,cotoe In the Wesi;”, “Your Eyes Have sible for the armed forces and in- ly-eat an Enlisted Reserve quota in- recognized college w-ith a 'foil pro- Told Me So” and “Gypsy Love
crease of between 1,100 and 1,200 gram in advanced hursing ediica- Song”., Later in the evening he was men. ^ The revised quota would be ^ y®^r. They niust called back from the audience to enlisted between September first also have graduated from an acdrej- “The White Cliffs of Dover”, and December tWenty-third. nursing school which has a Richards sang his famous “Old Using existing facilities for en- ^aily average of at least one huh- River”, and Joe Lautner listment, thirty weeks would be re- freshman who caused much comqiiired to enlist the entire quota. ?2,600 to $4,600 per year. performance at the Additional facilities will be used Medical Technicians Required- victory cbavo last Friday morning whenever possible, but students in Medical technicians, junjor and mpeated “The Army Air Corps'
remarks.
All active, honoraiy, and asso- have to be drawn out and allocated
ciate members of the organization to the war effort,
are urged to attend. Elliott pointed out that all able
bodied and able minded male students will be trained and directed for the arm^d services. He stated that the mere fact that an able minded person does not have the necessary money to go to a university wouldn’t matter, because the government intends to provide edu-
dustry.
Terrific Job In Washington Speaking of his work and asso-
ciations in Washington, Elliott said, “One thing that has impressed me
which will be under the dli action of i® Ibe terrific job of getting democFrank Stecker, will include singing lacy oiganized for an effort like
and games, such as softball, volley this.”
pitching. The exact details of the equipment and the court have not been decided on as yet, but the scoring will be similar to that of
shuffleboard.
The mixers are being given out-
side partly to have the benefit of natural starlight and moonlight and
partly to “beat the heat.” Tables will be placed around the
couit and refreshments will be
Test Tube Arson
mission price will be $1 plus tax. C.T.BallWmShm
Mcnties To
Ut(^c.''T:' BaJl^f ^tlie'^^afij^^te Air Cqrps^ r^ct’uitiug station ^will be the guest sp,eaker at. a special
Most of the pictmes are by mod- jp^gting of poMM to be‘ held toern aitists, both impresionisUc and 4,p.'m. in roqm 106 of post impressionists, and have been armoi,'y. U- Bull will show,two qhcsen to appeal to both men and ’ g Army,” woipen. They are not for sale be- “Army Aii,', College No. i,” and cause the majoiity weie painte ^ .short sketch of the Air abroad and cannot be replaced. Corps and its activities. AU intqrSome of the pieties in the col- students are invited,,
lection are “Water Fall, by Rous- i
seau; “Red Barn,” by Lucioni; “La4y Sewing,” by Renoir; “Vegetable Garden,” by Van Qogh; “End of the Hunt,” by Nichols; “The Sloop,” by Homer; and “Red Roofs,”
by Pissaro.
ball, ping pong and pool. In the eve- He pointed out that at the ipside attendance at the University this genior are badlv needed Under the Song”. ning a Hawaiian style barbecue will of the apparent mess in Washington summer will be foiced to grant pri- requirements, a high, school Sing National Anthem be served there is sornetning of & pl&n. und. oTitv to new stiidpnts i i ^ ■> t- i j •!»
^ n, 1 . . . , . , stuacnts. diploma is no longer necessary'. The- 2pKoferam cloned with A1
Members are urged to invite their Plenty of self-sacrifice. The new quota requested for the Completion of an approved course Stewart leading the audience in the
friends, but reservations must be He urged the audience not to stop Air Corps includes 118 freshmen, ^^nical laboratory techniciana fourth veise of “The Star-Spangled made for them with any of the club criticizing the government, but to 68 sophomores, 86' juniors, and 90 substituted for the previ- Banner”, for, as he said, “The first officers. The group will leave the have a little human sympathy to- seniors. Unassigned Service quotas required two years of experi-‘ verse excesses a question, but tha
Giant Street entrance of the Union ward those who are struggling to total 662 freshmen, 442 sophomores, ^ laboratory interne- fourth is positive of victory, promptly at 3. straighten out the mes^. 220 juniors, and 231 seniors. g^ip of one year may be substituted
for one year of experience. Salaries range from $1,440 for junior assistants to $2,000 for senior technicians* ic mapping and studying of minGeologists are desired for geOlogeral deposits and ground waters. Applicants must show at least thirty semester HouiV'work in geol-
ogy at a recognized college; grad- chemical hoimrary fraternity, will uates or senior students may ap|)y. h®l« formal initiation at 5:30 p. m. No experience is necessary- Salary ®®xt Thursday in the auditorium oY is $2,000 pec year. Some Economics building. . . At this time the following men No Age Limit For Jsbs jjg formally initiated: D. P. There are no age limits for any Aldrich, G. T. Austin, J. E. Cettel, of the above positions. No written C. F. Coleman, J. M. Bavis, L. W.
Ifpflre^s Witness li^e Fighting Spi^ctdcle' Mock Bombing Raid
Phi Larrtbda Upsiton To Hold Initiation, Banqtmt Thursday Phi Lamfida Upsilon, national
was presented by the Civilian. Protection School to an audience numbering high in the hundreds Friday ^vening when Major Gilliland, of the Chemical Warfaie School, and
introduced when an excited young employed to show the relative eflady with blond curls (also simu- fects of using sand, plaster and
Frustrated Lady The jnfjendjaiy
Ross' Condition Remains '&iiicat
(J. Donatjd Meid
'''' Repli ti^^esterdajy* on condition of President ^f the University Board of Trustees Davidj E. Ross, who is ill following a heart at|:ack,
' assistant chief accountant at wcfce favorable in that he hi^d a relthe University, left last Satuiday qtively peaceful day. tp assume his duties as business Ross’ condition is still stated &s manager of the National Academy critical, but he has gotten no worse of Science and National Research since his entrance to the Home Hog^Qundil, Washington, D. C. pitaJ a week ago last Thursday.
By Bill Hoskins
A combination multi-ring circus
and Fourth of July show, cariying , ,,
something of an ominous portent ^^tired m a green house coat plain wood flooring m preventing
came prancing over the hill with the spread of incendiaiy material, .... i ' -i , - . . broom and water bucket to douse Both sand- and plaster confined the ®® B«vaney, J. S. Bunn, R. E- Hutton, the bomb. effect of the bombs to a lelativqly Consultant, Medical Technician, and H. B. Ja«e, G. Karnofsky, J. C.
small flame, whereas m tbrattie Geologist; applicants will be rated Lamkin, R. h. Mayhew, A. J. * • . , space representing a typical un- OJV ^Wience and training. Appli- Miller, A. Mk Mitchell, R. T. Mmrill,
g. aani efea^gd attic room a raging fire caU®"® ^“3* *^e filed with the CIyH C. R. Neidig, A, E. Reynolds, R. l^is arson-minded helpers razed, flared up and the frustrated young immediatelv Commission. Washington, Schaaf^P^Somers. B. N- Squier bombed and pillaged the little test- lady picked qp her skirts and fled * * d t at y^ ^ ^ Junior Pi;o- M. V. SuBiyan, B- E. SuthSland. bube settlement back of the stadium, to the protective arms of her sol- u afourstoi v onen frSsSicture f®ssional Assistant, will be accepted W* G. Teland, 1. S. Ulrich. A, R. to^n^uTS^^^^^^^^ ^^rxr:rfeatured a simulated was used to pLtLy the effect of a -til toe needs of the service have ''
bo„b. bobbin* a...cb, c.n.ed »t .be .-Pound tbe,„.te bo™b ted on
and Iesulting fires provided over an customaiy sequence used in actual , , , » , • . At ft-qn « ^ 4.t Lur of ton Ltch entertainment for nractice Flares and incendiaries Immediately after the bomb was formation as tq requirements may At 6.30 p. m. the meeting wiji bom of top notch enteitainment tor practice, liaies aim incendiaiies molten metal b® obtained from Cliff old R. Sing^ convene, in the Bepie Economics those who like the spectacle of weie set off to light the scene for ° cam m inmujiA. uictai » „ j i„;4.- 4.i flashing lights, bombs, fires, com- circling bombers. Women sciearned, began to diip from floor to floor, ©Bm^i U- • me * fiJv. and l.lfp dashimr couraeu of the .stromr men turned nale. and small scattering fire in its Wake, until to^ Civil Sei Vice Exaramess nt kg- ®^®:
entire structure became a raging fayotf® Post Office. hmg WHl he Prqf. C. Lanezoa of inferno. • > the Mathematics Bepartment, whA
Alnha Kanna tamkila “’^^® Ivdppa Lalliuua physics m the Physical Sciences.’* . , - . ^ Prof. Eanezos has collaborated with socia ra eimty, hanawcaa Einstein in some important work,
the initiation of Ralph Rjeks of The oi&Bers for the piresent year Washington, Indiana, and the jdedg- «*“« K* W- Wheeler, president; B.
Right and wrong ways of extifi- firemen time to set up their equip- land announced that the next show of John F. jWall, Miamisburg,
gulshing those tenacious fire- ment. would be held in two weeks, and C^err*?S ir/ D dS' makers were demonstrated by the Relative Effects Bemonstrated promised toe added attraction of fiPoUs, and William ShWftY of HoUy- Ptnf EdwtodV Pmirjiu!
sQldiers, An clement of qomedy was Tliree simulated attic spaces were burning Hotel P. U, to the ground, mood, Blinoia* ing, alunmi secretary. *
qdy, and toe dashing courage of the strong men turned, pale, and small fire department. boys shouted with delight as explodl^ired Bifferent Incendiaries ing bombs, sputtering incendiaries As a prelude to seating fires in and, fiard oil bombs sca'Uered snioke, the many little wooden buildings debf is aijid dekruction in a furious
and simulated attics, toe soldiers Jjedlam.
fired a number of incendiary bombs A slight lull followed while sol-
qf various sizes, including mag- ,diers withheld their next incendiary ence begging them to let it burn, nesium, phosphorus 'and tbermlte. for about fifteen minutes, allowing In closing the show. Major Gi
Firemen To The Rescue
But firemen quickly came to the rescue, and brought the fire under control despite cries from the audi-
GillL
I':P
1'
Page 2
■fi 4 » J i
P
^ i • i-l,,'*, '?’
\
^ 4 ^
Ifff f ]Ti
wp
Exponent Editorial Page
Sunday, August 2, 1942
i Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieidhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
rdit^^n rh»of Newir i^’ditDr Minac^inR 1 ditar Sports Ldiior Business Manager timilntion Manager Coed hditot*
John F Amos Don T Brophy John H Armstrong Robert L Dadley William D MiUard Ken K Gjemre Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staff R W Bofawinkle D E Butz W G Hoskins A r 11 nt r D W Ochiltree W E Raferl Sports Staff 1) L Brewer J S Dawbon E L Karpick Coed Staff Sall> Benll Charlotte Hass Jean Lauer
Business Staff
i rd Businrsb Manager Julia Martin Advertising Managers J M Wnght D L John i irculation Alanager G H Kloumaii Accounts Manager T ena Torrenga Junior C oed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Keim
Night rditor Butz I) V Editor Hass
Staff For This Issue issue Editor Kimball Sports Editor Brewer
Reporters C Murphy F J Vegh
Enttred n'^ ‘second class matter at the post office in Lafay clt Ind ni'i under the act of Congress of March 8 18/9 and at iIk era! rate of postage provided for in section 1103 ct {. f Oc I er iJ 191 authoiized January 20 192^ Published n W ti sd'^v 1 nday and Sunday mornings during the sum I mt^t r and daily except Monday duiing the fall and w t 1 mtslers Delivered locally by career for $1 2B for i mhi 1 s mr- t r mailed bubscnption $1 60 K I r s n d for national advertising by National Advertis 1 £T S r\ Inc College Pubhshcis Representatives 420 Mddi'^on Ave New Yoik N Y
As Ihe Coik was wandeiing aimlessly over the cimpus last Fiiday afternoon we noticed the work men up neai the top of Heavilon Tower painting and
oius wac the sudden desiie to be up theie also We went iii'ide the building, climbed to the third floor and tiled what we thought to be the door leading up
in=ide the to vei It was locked
We looked around a bit and in one of the rooms on the 1hiid flooi was a man painting window sills We told mm it 'uie wouldn’t be long until vacation now and why do painteis always weai white uniforms like intGine‘5 At this point we noticed that we had one 'of oui hands lying awkwaidly on one of the newly painted window ledges The painter noted this also and lost no time in asking us what v/e wanted Wc told him that we would like to go up inside the tower of Heavilon Hall The Coik was surpiised with the ^peed at which he whisked us away from his paint ing and out on the loof ot the building north ot the tower
While two of the other fellows were resetting the clock wc noticed the woid “Dude” written rather piomiru ritly all ovci the place Eail said that was th| iiaitH ol th< men who painted the tower one yeai, an(J Dudf was pioud of his name Eail said that the toVi'ci gets painted every five years We thanked him a lot apifi gourjted the steps going down There were 77pl tlrem
nUYlISliKTOH Memv-eo-roiimo
The workmen were paihting on the north side of the towv,r far above us The paintei shouted up to 'someone named Earl and said this lad wants to see ycu Fail was standing on a scaffold airangcment up above the clock and he had to exercise great care in getting oft it and into the building We went in Cldc and waited at the locked dooi beyond which were the staiis leading up to the top of the towei The 'Folk fidgetted nervously at the dooi waiting foi Fail to climb all the way down and we wondeied if he would be angiy at us when we told him what we wanted
Finally the dooi opened and Earl wasn’t very angiy at all when we told him that we were the Coik and couldn’t we come^up to see what was going on He didi t know who the Cork was but he took the chance and admitted us He started up the high stans and we followed
On one of the landings was the works of the Heavi Ion Hall clock It is enclosed in a large case with gla^s windows and the design of its mechanism and suppoits IS strictly of the Vietoiian eia of machine design It has a cable and drum arrangement which luns the clock On the end of the cable is a weight which is wound up to the top of the tower every Sat uiduy moimng and all week slowly unwinds It takes two men an hour and a half every Saturday to wind the dium back up
While vie were going up some more stalls it was time foi the hour and something like a fan started whaling in the clock woiks and upstairs some ham nci'' started pounding on some huge bells It made a lot of noise and the Coik began to be fiightened, but finally the ringing stopped and we looked around some more
The familiar “bing bang, bong, bong” sound which Id <51 nt all over the campus at eveiy houi is made by loui b( IL The Coik learned that the bell that makes the biog ’ IS ‘^mailer than the others, the bells mak iiig the ‘ bang”, “bong”, and “bong numbei 2” being laigci i(‘-pectively On the bells weie wiitten various names and Eail said they were still there from the olden days when the door to the tower wasn’t locked and students frequently spent a class cut in here high over the campus
Up here al o weie <^ome of the other painters, a mJn n imcd Dale and two otheis named Scott and Hcndi id s Fail =aid that his last name was Dilts an{J h( intioduced us to the other three While we w<if "-tanding there talking we noticed a rod which
ran through the floor and lour other rods running horizontally into it Wc leaned on one of the rods and
t\\i<-tcd it a little Eail asked us if we wouldn’t mind standing some othei place We asked him why and he told us that we had just set the clock up ten niiliulcs We sure legretted that and we noticed that the hands which we had just lotated were made of wood as were the numerals they pointed to on all foul clock faces
Lidtav
Personnel Notes
By Drew Pearson Navy Flies Beetles To Honduras; Roosevelt Will Use Executive Power To Keep Check On Wages
WASHINGTON—-It hasn’t leaked out yet, but the other day a U S Navy plane flew from the Fiji Islands to Honduras, beaiing 500 predatory beetles Behind this was the fact that the U S Government, with assistance of the United Piuit Company, is trying to glow hemp in a place not overrun by J^apanese, namely Honduras But the hemp plants in Honduras have suffered fiom a weevil which is attacking the roots, and the scientific remedy was to import something which would attack the weevil Therefore, the Bureau of Economic Warfare, which has an interest m the Honduras plantation, called Navy transport service and said, “We have a lot of beetles in the South Pacific Can you fly them to Honduras’” It sounded crazy to the Navy, until they learned that the pi eject would increase their supply of rope Then they cooperated fully The Navy’s plane which made the tiip from the Fiji Islands to Honduras delivered 500 cosmopolitis sordida without a single casualty This IS only the fiist shipment While these 500 beetles aie feasting upon the weevils which aie feast ing upon the hemp, 4,500 moie beetles aie being flown to Honduras to finish the job • Wage Stabilization You can write it down that the Piesident vill use his executive poweis to keep wages in check rather than ask Congress tor any new legislation dealing with wage stabilization There are two reasons foi this (2) Wage control legislation would be suie to stir up anothei bittei congressional controversy, as bad or worse than the biawl ovei farm paiity prices It might e ven requiie months to get both Houses to agiee on a bill satisfactory to the administration (2) The President believes that the policy proposed by the War Labor Board’s recent steel wage decision —limiting wage increases to 16 pei cent ovei scales prevailing on January 1, 1941—plus additional ra tioning of consumei goods, will be sufficient for the time being to brake inflation thieats to the working man’s pocketbook Inside fact is that the War Laboi Boaid is con templdting only one further step m its wage stabili zation piogiam, and this is not so much an anti in flation move as a concession to ceitain laboi groups and a contribution,to the piosecution of the war Wages in certain industries, including shipyards and tool and-dye plants, are above the 15 pei cent increase teihng set by the board This raises the See MERRY-GO ROUND, page 4
The Summer Ratio
8.44
to I
(Ed note Wow'The “stuff” I hear') Good Sunday morn to you, guys and gals Let’s all go to church this morning What do you say’ (I know it won’t do any good, but ) C mon, let’s be like the opti mus He is the guy who grabs his hat when the preacher says in his seimon, “Now, in closing I shall say
No one has been able to find out about the two led and blue skiits that weie flying tiom the Sig Ep flag pole An unidentified call fiom (we hope not the Dean's office) got this answer fiom a pledge who an hv/eied the phone “Oh, a couple ot Pi Pips just left them her e ”
The mule he aie a funny bud. He hair aie long and thick. He are mostly eais and head. And a lot of he aie kick
WOULDN’T IT BE I UNNY IF It evti got out that Theta Giiiny Lee MacDonald always called her heio, Sig Chi Al Menke, “LOVER BUNNY’” The Catalysts evci came back sober alter an initiation’ Twenty coeds cvei did take 'led Shead’b Theta Clii pin ^ Plu Gam Kcnn Gossett PVCI tell off the Blown stieet budge—(signed) the Pi Phis' Theta Chi Glen Neigien, anothei illustiious Theta Chi didn’t like his beei and women’
“What would you like on the '^hort wave'''—New York giving news in Spanish, Moscow giving news in German, London giving news in French or Tokyo giving the latest scores in the National League?”
University Calendar Week of August- 2-8
United States Rubber Company, Mishawaka, Indiana — Coming Thursday, August 6 Interested in August ME, ChE, Sci, PSE Also August women graduates Sign in Personnel Office before 3 00 p m, Wednesday, August 6 Philco Radio & Television Corp, Philadelphia, Pennsylanvia—Coming Thursday, August 6 Interested in August EE, ME, and Physicists Sign in Personnel Office before 3 00 p m , Wednesday, Auglust 5 United Air Lines, Chicago, Illinois—Coming soon Interested in student with 2 4 yeais of Engineering Training Inquiie at Personnel Office if inteiested Ball Brothers Company, Muncie, Indiana—Inteiested in August or December Science students Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, August
7
Pennsylvania Railroad, Chicago, Illinois—Coming soon Inteiested in December CE and EE Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, August 8 The Parker Appliance Company, Cleveland, Ohio — Inteiested in August and December ME Sign in Peiionnel Office immediately Reynolds Metals Company, Louis ville, Kentucky—Interested in Metalluigical Engineers Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, August
6
Berkey and Gay Furniture Company, Gland Rapids, Michigan—Inteiested 111 seniors and undergraduates in AeioE Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, August 6 Owens-Illinois Glass Company, Streatoi, Illinois — Inteiested in August 01 Decembei Chemical En gineeis Sign in Personnel Oflice
Potfer Emphasizes Need For Engineers in Armed Services
7 30 P M
4 00 P M 8 OOP M 7 00 P M
8 00 A M 4 OOP M 4 30 PM 6 00 P M 7 00 PM 7 OOP M 7 30 P M
Sunday, August 2
Religious Council Convocation W
Monday, Augusf 3
P 0 M M Close d Meeting Tippecanoe Go Phys Fitness Conf
Rerinei Club Meeting Tuesday, August-
Nstl Poul Flock SeFction School Committee on State ot Univeisity Sc lb & Blade I 01 mil Initiation Scabbaid & Blade Banquet Alpha Pill Omega Meeting Chiistian Science Oigani/ilion Making the Most cf Your Homo
Faculty Lge , Union
Al mory W Faculty Lge, Union Room 304, Union
4
Poultiy Buildings Room 2C'’, Union Al moiy W Faculty Lge, Union Room 307, Union Room 103, Union Room 203, Union
Wednesday, Augusf- 5
8 00 A M 4 00 P M 7 00 P M 7 00 PM 7 15PM 7 aO P M 7 30 P M 7 30 P M
Poultiy Building
Room 305, Union Room 307 Union Room 212 Union Room 303 Union
Rooms )02 304 Union Room 225, Iloit Bldg
8 00 A M 2 00 P M 3 00 P M 7 OOP M
(Ed note 0 Boy, O Boy, O Boy' The stuff and diit I heal My only lepentance is that it is SOOOOOO good I can’t punt it') Heck'
8 30 AM 4 00 PM 7 30P M
Let’s see, let’s open up the little black BLACK notebook and see what’s in it As yes' WOULDN’T IT BE GREAT IF Theie weie no chiggers oi poison ivy in the sum meitime’ The BLAZER had an annex on Fii days and Satuidays’ We could get some of that “DANK OLD DIRT ’ theie IS about D U Heiideison’ D U Seaburger let some of that DIRT out about “Hendj ” Boy, I’ll say' The Pi Phis weic sweet and innocent (Boy, the stuff that gets aiound Busenbaik, watch youiself') PHI BELTS DUNK THEIR PIN DONORS (Also pm girls) 'Tommy Hobbs and “Chuck” Bird went and dood it last week by hanging then ‘ Swoided Shields” on off campus gills, Mary Brown and Marian McCullough, respectively Seems that due to the lack of the pies ence of cigais the “Brotheis” took Hobbs, Bird, and Katterjohn to the Wabash and tossed them ALSO (here s a word ot warning to piospective Phi Belt pin gills) pin gill. Alpha Chi Ned Pierce, was thrown in
8 30 A M
Natl Poul Flo k Selection School Puiduc Oidei oi Zouaves—Picnic
Fust Aid Meeting
Chi I tnn Fellowship Meeting
Philatelic Club
Scabbaid & Blade Meeting
Mail lag e Couise
Purdue Foiestiy Club Thursday, Augusf- 6
Natl Poul Flock Selection School Poultiy Buildings Fedeial Land Bank Meeting Room “'0 3, Union Sciecn Review Hill ot Music Pi T lu Sigma Banquet I incoln Lodge
Friday, Augusf- 7
Fedeial Land Bank Meeting Room 363, Union Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Room 304 Union Convocation—Jan Peeice—Tcnoi Hall of Music
Saturday, August 8
Union—Dance Undei Stais Women’s Tennis Couits
TODAY - MON.
LUMA
TWO HITS
HOT SPOT OF THE FROZEN NORTH!
RULED BY SEARING LEAD AND SlLKtN LEGS'
A TINTYPE OF 1900... but she had 1942 ideas!
Sing NURSIE, NURSIE D U Brent Finch showed them how to do it when he pinned his nuise back home who cared foi him the tew months he was in the hospital some time ago
I CAN DREAM, CAN’T I ' Says Kappa Nancy Coopei as she fingeis thiough the piles ot ‘Supermen”, “Batman”, and assorted “strongman” comic books hidden in the top shell of her closet All the giils around her room delight in reading them too it seems
MMViSTIC
Starts TDDilK
Although the number of piospective engineering students is greater now than it was at the same time last year and indications are for a large numbei of freshmen enj gineeis, including several women, A A Potter, Dean of the Schools of Engineering, emphasized the great shortage of engineers for armed services and industries in a lecent letter to Indiana high school piincipals More Workers Needed “Young women as well as Noting men who have the ability to profit by an engineeiing college couise should be urged to stait then college couise as soon as possible,” according to Dean Pottei “At least 11,000,000 woikeis will have to be added to oui wai industiies between now and Decembei, 1943, and of these about five million will have to be women,” he added Dean Potter reported that the survey of the war industiies by the War Pi eduction Boaid indicates that at least two pei cent of the employees of these industiies must have tiaining equivalent to the regular foul yeai college couise in engineering This means that theie will be a demand loi moio than 100,000 additional enginocis dining the next yeai foi industry, in addition to 50,000 foi the aimed foices
by Monday, August 3
Pouitrymen To Meet On Campus Tuesday
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Over 75 men and women fiom hatcheiies tlnoughout the state, who are coopeiating with the Uni veisity and the State Poultiy Asso ci$tion in the National Poultry Im piovemcnt Plan, aie expected to come to tne campus next Tuesday Wednesday and Thiusday to attend the sixth annual flock selecting and pulloium testing school Staff Listed Membeis of the University ctaff along with C A Colivei, held man agei loi the state poultiy associa tion, Di Frank Thoip poultiy pathologist at Michig in State col lege, and Paul B Zumbio, senioi poultiy cooidinatoi foi the U S dcpaitment oi Agiicultuie will foim the faculty foi the school The school will have couises deal ing with selection ol bleeding buds, pulloium testing blood testing eull mg flocks, judging buds foi egg pioduetion and bleed woik and elements of flock selection woik
DR PAUL A RISK
DR LUTHER A
RISK
DR HAROLD )
RISK
— DENTISTS-
400-404 Schultz
Bldg
4lh and Main Sts
Lafayette
vi
rri
mm FILM; Deveioping ^ Prinfing Fnbrging
FOSTER’S CAMERA SHOP Opposite Puidue Union
NOW SHOWSNG DOUBLE FEATURE —
with FRANK EDMUND McHUGH-LOWE
-PLUS—
Every Life A Story— Every Story Real'
MEN OF SAN QUENTIN
with I ANTHONY HUGHES ELEANOR STEWART
voyxL This Is
BE THRILLED AS MEVER BEFORE! the.Mostihmazing Tarzan Yeti
Untamed Tarzan in Manhattan J Battling gangsters . . . defying death and the law ... to rescue kidnaped Boy! Adventure to top them all!
, JOHN SHEFFIELD VIRGINIA GREY s; CHARLES BICKFORP i (*^ U L ilL li^ ^^y C H i LL W
STARTS TODAY MARSSunjdtiyl August 2, 1942'
BdilermaleSf Sports
Page 4
fr A V s
ports Communique By Bob Hadley
The naminfe‘'’today of the head coach of the All-Star team, recently chosen by popular acclaim, will complete the coaching stalf. The coaches are chosen geographically, and the list of assistants thus far numbers threa. Starting on the West Coast and working Hast we find Lon Stiner of Oregon, Hofiier Norton of Texas A. & M., and Frank Leahy of Notre name. The head coach will be chosen this year from the Bast. Rollicking Ralston Hemsley, at present a Yank, is continuing his old practice of keeping everybody guessing. The 35-year-old catcher has, in his 14 years in the majors, been on the playing roster of almost every club in both leagues. He started out in the National League and made the rounds for a few years, before switching to the American circuit. His most recent employers include the St. Louis Browns, the Cleveland Indians, the Cincinnati Reds and now the Yankees. In most cases, Hemsley’s escapades gave his team’s manager a good many restless nights. He reformed at intervals, and nearly always played good ball. ' Rollie’s catching was responsible to a considerable extent for the steadying of Bob Feller from a kid with a high-muzzle-velocity ball to a big league pitcher. His hitting, up until the sorry days of this year when he was filling in behind the plate for the Reds, has been fairly consistent in the neighborhood of .270. ^ince McCarthy hired him, Hemsley has fallen under the spell of the Yankees. In his first two weeks he cai^ght ten games and garnered more hits than he had collected in iiis half-season with the Reds and was batting over the .300 mark. His coming through in the pinch has made a shrewd manager again out of McCarthy, who was faced, in view of veteran Bill Dickey’s present disability, with the situation of continuing the schedule for an indefinite period with only one experienced catcher—Buddy Rosar. The slugging Browns of St. Louis are beginning to arouse some interest among the home folk. For a good many years most of the people Trtho went thrjiugh the gates of Sportsman’s Park, used by St. Louis tbams, wenf in to see the Cardinals. Last year the total attendance at tW Brown’s home games reached the unspectacular figure of 180,000. With their team suddenly appearing out of the cellar to threaten the first division clubs (they are now 4 games out of third place), the interest and the gate receipts are looking up. On the other hand, as is customary about this time of the year, a, good many fans of the almostgood Cleveland Indians are saying “Oh, (censored)’’ and staying away from tlie games in droves. Only about 5,000 spotted the stands at a recent night game in Cleveland.
INTRAMURALS
S Eight Teams Enter Softball Playoffs
_. . . »11 X* I Fraternities Battle For Honors Riveters Await All-Star \m Tuesday; TKEs,ATOs Favored
439,283 Votes
Johnny Galvin
Finishing high in the"hation-wide polling and gaining coveted berths on the All-Stat collegiate eleven, to face the Chicago Bears, Aug. 28, in Soldeir’s Field, are these twd former Boilermaker gridiron stars. Tommy Melton, co-captain with Jim Miller on Mai Elward’s ’41 squad, braced the Riveter ^ line from guard position throughout the year, playing an important role in the Gold and Black defense. Tommy starred at football at Lowell and was a member of Phi Kappa Tau. Johnny Galvin, hard running, passing, and kicking ‘ halfback on last season’s team, had already achieved fame, before making the Boilermaker s^uad. As the triple threat back oifthb Leo High School eleven in Chicago, he led hiS team to two consecutive Catholic League championships. As a Boilermaker he again stari’ed i in the backfield, and was a member of Phi Kappa fraternity.
421,962 Votes
Tommy Melton
All those entered in the AllQfim'pus Golf Tournament, please C^tket your opponent as soon as possible as the first round matches ifiust be played before August 3rd; the second round must be played before Aug. 6th; the third round must be played before Aug. 10 and the finftls bfefore Aug. 16. After you h'ave played your match, please report your score to the Intramural Office. The following WaTd Softball games^will be played Monday eveping, Aug. 3: Diamond 1 !A!g. ChetS'vs. Ward 27. 2. ,Ward .29vVs. Ward 2. 8t Fo)5i0atry„vVs. Ward 1. 4 Ward 9 vs. Ward 21. 6 Ward 26 vs. Dany. The following Cary Hall Tennis matches will be played Monday evening, Aug. 3: Cary llall 1 vs. Cary Hall 6. Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 7. . Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 6. The following men will report at the practice green at northwest cornel’ of the Intramural Field at 6:30 p. m. Monday,' August 3, to
meet in the finals of the All-Cam-pus Golf Chipping Contest: R. E. Sprague, J. M. Coombs, Schumacher, Stackhouse, Bouton, Clearwater, Kahler, Shead. The following Paddle Tennis matches will be played Monday evening at 6:30. These are the final matches and must be played as scheduled: Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. The following Badminton matches will be played Monday evening at 6:30: Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Alpha Sigma Phi. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Theta Chi. The following will be the first round of fraternity Softball Playoffs Tuesday evening at 6:30; Diamond 1 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Theta Chi. 2 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Sigma Chi. p Sigma Pi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 4 Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa. Please plan to play these games as scheduled.
Four Teams Will Bowl In Finals Wednesday Finals in the All-Campus Bowling Tourney, which completed a nine week series of 27 games, will be held on the Union bowling alleys this Wednesday night with four teams
seeing action.
John Bruck, member of the Triangle team, captured the high individual scoring title with a 246, while Bob Stackhouse, SAE pill-roller, bowled 612 to
win the high individual series. Phi Sigma Kappa won the high team score with 906 points, with the SAE’s winning high team
series with 2.575 points. SAE’s, Phi Delt’s at Top
Entering Wednesday’s finals are
Gopher Grid Assistant Quits
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Aug. 1—
Sigma Alpha Epsilon', Phi Kappa Minnesota’s most notable figure in 'Tau, Phi Delta Theta, and Alpha University
Tau Omega. The SAE’s and Phi Tau’s held first and second place in “A” bracket competition, while the Phi Delt’s led the “B” bracket. Thiee teams tied for second place in the “B” bracket with 17 wins each, these being Phi Sigma Kappa, Sigma Nu, and the ATO’s. The tie
resigned his duties here yesterday. Sig Harris, Gojmer assistant foot-' ball coach, who hgs seen over forty years service on the gridiron as a player, coach, and scout, turned
in his resignation.
Coach Harris, whose duties with Minnesota had brought it and for-
was broken by bowling three way coach Bernie Bieiman national competition and counting total football fame, said he felt he depins, with the ATO's totaling 2591. served a lest from the strain of A seiies ot three games will be coaching aftei his long career. Dr. bowled Wednesday, with the high- Geoige Hauser, Gopher head coach, est total being awarded first place, appointed when Bierman entered Tiophies will be awaided fiist and armed forces, accepted the re-
second place winners. The top ten signation.
If You Want to Reach These { Purdue Eds and Coeds Advertise in the EXPONENT
teams at the final week
aie as
fol-
With the exception
of a
short
lows:
period in the 1920’s, Hai
lis has had
“A” Bracket
w
L
a hand in Minnesota football
since
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
19
8
1901.
Phi Kappa Tau
18
9
Delta Upsilon
17
10
Caiy Hall
14
13
ijhi Sigma Kappa
17
10
Beta Theta Pi
13
14
Sigma Nu
17
10
“B” Bracket
W
L
Alpha Tau Omega
17
10
Phi Delta Theta
19
8
Pi Kappa Phi .
15
12
Men's Archery Contest Starts Tomorrow First flight of arrows in the men’s all-campus archery tournament will be shot at 4:15 tomorrow afternoon at the archery range adjacent to the University Street Mall. The tournament will be held for three days of this week—tomorrow, Wednesday, and Friday. The tournament will consist of a standard Ameiican round as recognized by the National Archery association. The American round consists of a total of 90 arrows; 30 arrows each at 40, 50 and 60 yards. Finals of the tournament will be held during the following week with the top forty percent of the archers shooting during the first weqk being elibible to enter the final round. Final winners will be determined by the total of the qualifying and the final round scores. It is not essential to register before the tournament unless the participant desires to shoot on a special night. All men students are eligible to participate in the tournament. Gold, silver and bronze keys will be awarded the three highest scores in the tournament. Mai Ross Accepts New Radio Announcing )ob Mai Ross, ’41, recently accepted a new position on the WJWC announcing staff. WJWC, formerly known as WHIP, recently began operating full time on 5,000 watts, having studios in Hammond and Chicago. Ross, while at the University, was sports announcer for WBAA.
Fraternity softball playoffs will start Tuesday evening at 6:30 p. m.j with eight organized teams batling it out for diamond supremacy over the fraternity tens on the campus. Battling to a first place deadlock in the 18 games played during the summer season, the Tau Kappa Epsilon and Alpha Tau Omega aggregations have ac-
counted for final standings of 16 won, against two losses. These two teams, strongest in the league, are expected to dominate the playoffs, with the Phi Kappa diamond squad expected to push to the final round in
the lower bracket.
TKE’s Face Sigma Chi’s Bob Hajzyk, speed-ball hurler in fraternity compeition, will probably take to the mound for the 'TKE’a against the Sigma Chi’s. Hajzyk’s top-notch hurling and hard hitting plate performances have accounted for a good deal of the TKE victoiies. Gatewood will be the likely starting pitcher for the ATO’» against the Theta Chi’s. The Sigma Pi's will probably throw Harmeson on the mound against the Phi Kappa Tau’s, and Phi Delta Theta will oppose the strong Phi Kap’s in the other two games of the first rounds. Finished Last Thursday All of the 12 games finishing the series last Thursday night were; hold-overs ffrom rain cancellations, with the softball competition running through an extra week. Final standings for the squads in the first ten places in fraternity softball competition, are listed be-
low:
W
Tau Kappa Epsilon.. 16 Alpha Tau Omega 16
Phi Kappa .
If you can snatch your girl away from the 7.44 other fellows, take a walk through the PURDUE UNION and stop awhile at these interetsing places: BOWLIKG ALLEYS CAILD ROOM SIYEET SHOP
You’ll enjoy bowling in our cool basement-or try a game of bridge in the Card Room. Then it’s only a few steps to the Sweet Shop for a cool refreshing fountain drink. JtuL fiiVudjujL WjtnufliaL 'UniotL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Conference Athletic Directors To Meet At Iowa, Aug. 13-15 IOWA CITY, Aug. 1—Guy “Red” Mackey, Boilermaker a/thletic director, will be among the group of Western Conference athletic directors when they meet at the University of Iowa, Aug. 13-15, to conside problems in connection with the
lAfar.
Drawing Program
E. G .Schroeder, Iowa director, said that the complete program now is being drawn up by John L. Griffith, conference commissioner; and Kenneth L. Wilson, chairman of the
directors.
The sports head will inspect the physical training program of the Iowa naval aviation pre - flight school and consult with navy officers about its body-building features. Coaches Expected Big Ten directors have not met at Iowa since March, 1929. It is possible that some of the conference football coaches also will be present
next month.
Directors who will be present are: T. Nelson Metcalf, Chicago; Douglas Mills, Illinois; Z. G. Clevenger, Indiana; E. G. Schroder, Iowa; H. O. (Fritz) Crisler, Michigan; Lou Keller, Minnesota; Kenneth Wilson, Northwestern; L. W. St. John, Ohio State; Guy Mackey, Purdue; and Harry Stuhldreher, Wisconsin. Eight Enter Golf Chipping Finals Eight male students will vie on the practice gieen at the northwest corner of Intramural Field tomorrow evenrng in the finals of the All-Campus Golf Chipping contest, the newest of campus I-M athletic
activities.
Wrth a large field of contestants iturmng out for the contest, the qualifying rounds ran last week through Friday afternoon, eliminating the field to eight finalists. 25 Shots Allowed Each contestant received 25 shots from a distance of 50 feet from the cup, pitching from a cocoa mat instead of from the turf. Five golf balls .were pitched in succession, after which they were measured and scored, and this routine repeated
five times.
Finalists in the chipping contest are Dick Sprague, John Coombs, Dale Schumacher, Bob Stackhouse, Frank Bouton, Dick Clearwater, Ernest Kahler, and Ted Shead. Play will begin a^t 6:30 p. m., with a trophy to be given to the chipping champion. Medals will be awarded to the next three place?.
Theta Chi . ... Sigma Chi Phi Kappa Tau... Sigma Pi .. Phi Delta Theta. Sigma Alpha Mu
..14 ..14 ...13
13
.. .13 .. 12 .12
Alpha Gamma Rho. 11
Pet. .888 .888 .823 .777 .722 .722 .722 .705' .666 .641
f-H-f -f-f « «■ ^ Hays Jewelry Co. 131 North Fourth St. X Fine jewelry at Moderate Price
Sig Chis Face SAB's For Paddle Tennis Crown Tomorrow Paddle Tennis finals, seeing the Sigma Chi’s pitted against the Sigma Alpha Epsilon duo, on the clay courts of the Fieldhouse, will he played off tomorrow evening at 6:30 p. m. Starting two weeks ago, the tourney saw twenty teams entered, which dwindled in bracket competition to the remaining four last Friday night. The Sigma Chi doubles team defeated the Phi Kappa combination, with the SAE doubles scoring a victory over Beta Theta Pi. Iowa Cage Coach Boasts Single Loss IOWA CITY, Aug. 1 —Thirty wins in 31 games, for a percentage of .967, is the intercollegiate coaching record of Lawrence (Pops). Harrison, who will take over the University of Iowa varsity basketball mentorship next season. Harrison’s 1930-31 team at Westminster college of Pennsylvania made that record as it won the title of the Tii-State conference and the Pittsburgh district. Sports writers acclaimed the quintet the strongest in the East.
STRENGTHEN YOUR OWN OFFENSIVE with Cleaner Clothes
You’ll make a hit every time when you show u]|p with a neat pleat in your suit that has just been cleaned by us.
Northwestern and Vine Sts.
Phono 40&1|%^y^
1^'
J
A
I
'M''
fyit^ue
ieai
«,>r.*» '' 3-.. ^ .¥4(5'•■'t « ,i,'
m. j 1.^
Hershey Lists
f U iA. f > I ^ ^ I p ^ ^ & ft erecl To College Men 'Medicine, Engineering, Deifiistry Students May Becorrki Of ficers
over-Burden and other such activ- itoy and industrj^l use; saddler ities pi'eparalory to coal mining op- harness, and accessories. - ^ eratiohs. production of textilfes; • Spinniilg Metal mining: tKc mining of iron, and weaving of silk an^ nylon for copper, lead, zinc, aluminum, mer- parachutes and powder bags; of cury, manganese, chromium, molyb- canvas for tents, sailh'i tarpaulins, denum, tungsten, vanadium and, and other related heavy canvas.
Notices
Reservists: All male students, who have not yet completed the two years basic military Training required tor graduation and
— ’ “ , , .. 1 ,s»,a are now members ot the Naval or Marine similar ores, and m the dressing of products; cotton, woolen, linen ana corps Reserve, report to the Adjutant’s of-
such ores. Includes also removing knit goods for military use.
.IWilttB’*iN«t«: This is the third in • serie». . . ^ ■ ■4.1, of articles enumerating commissions offered Sui’geons foT interne training in tne
tWoonege students by the armed fprees of the United States of of, June 20, 1942. XSavy.
;n prder to supplement the two Navy Volunteer Reserve conventional avenues through which , . . offers students in engineer
young men may enter
f^jcces—induction through ^
l^vice and voluntary enlistment April 15, 1942, the rating of Pro- given to the occupation of the^regis-
for, active duty—the armed services bationary Ensign', Naval Reserve the nation have created the sev- upon taking oath, in either tl)e avia ^
ei^l branches of enlisted reserve tion engineering, construction corps, ification, the tests of the necessary through which men may expect to ordnance, or supply corps. Stu- man” as provided in part VI of this oohtinue, at least for some time, dents well advanced in business ad- memorandum will be applied.
• (Gohtfnued from page 1) tracts for contracts included in (a),
(b), or'(c) above; or,
(e) that the business is producing raw materials, manufacturing materials, supplies, or equipment, or- performing services necessary for the fulfillment of contracts included In (a), (b), (c), or (d) above. 4. Having found that the business in which the registrant is engaged comes under some group on the at-
tached list, and having applied the „ tests and made the deteimimation borates and other other heat-resisting clay products; c4n that It IS an essential activity under tnV'' qhra- abrasive wheels, stokes, na- Oftice to im out the necessary Wanks.^
over-burden, sinking shafts, and other such activities preparatory to
metal mining operations.
NonmetalHc and processing and quarrying: The mining and process-
production, of apparel: Apparel for the aijmed forces, and^ work
clothing.
Production of stone, clay and glass products: Technical, scientific.
flee, Purdue Armory, for important information relative to your statua* _ ^
mORDAN
Rcfci^trntion Workers: Students who wish to woilc for the Registrar during the fall term registiation, August 31, September 1 and 2. are requested to make application at the registrar’s office, Those with previous experience at registration or in other cleri-
ing of rock salt, phosphate rock, and industrial pressed and blown cal jghb are given preference.
Union, Reraonncl Comm^
at
Union Defense Comm.: Fountaine(,,Jfnher» Nodting, Sqntini, ami Schutt meet in room
307 at 4.it on Monday, August a. —CHAPMAN AND SUAGBE
Union Recreation CInmm.: CiearWgter. Ellitril, Hillard, Levin, and MaUlis meet in
loom at
gufyt ;
Union Camera Club Conm.: felakely, CnUleroIh, May, Meikel, and ()uick meet in the office Monday, Auguset ^^yRMAK**^ Flying Club: There will be an impqTtnilt meeting Tuesday, August 4, at 7’t30 in room 304 of the Union. The election of otweers
will take place. Those who have in Ihtir new contacts pleafte do
meeting.
through winch , . . offers students in engineer- tnat ir is an esscnciai acuivity uimcr fluorspar, mica, talc) abra- lime; abrasive wheels, stohes, pater the armed ing accredited colleges who at- either part III or part IV ot tms similar products, per, cloth and related products;
L'ough Selective tained junior status on or before memorandum, consideration iVilI be quarried non- asbestos products iPclilding steam 5, 1942, the rating of Pro- given to the occupation of the regis- ^ materials used exclusively and other packing, pipe arid boiler ava.Wbie at the SCA box at *0 wes^ dc»k z„„,
■y E,,sign; N.val Keserve, that actmty In the yetofts; “
dnor oath, in either the avia- consideration of occupational class- ,sf ,al.a,.+v;,.ol onbytlios.- as woH Interfratcrmty President 3 Council: Keys .
SCA House Presidents: Copies of the minutes of the July 21 board meeting are
i,o ■>.4„ on. Mpndw, A«r —NELSON .4iND HUTCHINS
,ot turned o at this
CROW
Junior Editors: Meeting 'luesday ,afternoon iit i :ir> in the conference room of the
Exponent oifiee. Be-prepared to news beat —BROPrli
thedp college studies. ministration, accounting, or relat- , ,T)he enlisted reserves also furnish ed college courses will be accepted the only media through which stu- in the Supply Corps only, dents who have expectations of en- The ages acceptable for this tering the armed forces may choose group are from 18 to 28 inclusive, tke branch of service they desire. Upon graduation from the regular
iex;cept by direct enlistment
LEWIS B. hershey
DIRECTOR
LIST OF essential
ACTIVITIES
Production of aircraft and parts:
Smelting, refining, and rolling of porcelain electrical supplies; rs well aA*'At the
metals: Primary and secondary as parts of military apparatus. and get them. —schwab smelting and refining, alloying, roll-' Production of petroleim, natural- Alpha Phi Omega: Rdftuiar mettmg on ing, and drawing of iron, steel, cop- gas and petroleum and' coal prod- Jo'tT union.^'^Thl progrlm”fo^r’ ^ext^cre™ per, lead, zinc, magnesium, alum- ucts: Drilling,' rig building, and chapter
inum, brass, bronze, nickel, tin, cad- maintenance service operations, and
mium, and any other metals used in petroleum refining'. Includes also veTkerAon kundny. August 2, at 7:30 p. m the nroduction of war materials. production of tar and pitch; coal in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union oav, iauauoe „ , , , J ^ , Building. Piofebbor Robertson will be the Production of metal shapes ana gas, coke. bpeaker. a recreation hour will bo held
All old members'nre
-JACK,SON
at Wesley Foundation before the meetinB.
four-year course the applicant will The production, maintenance ana castings, forgings, wire, products: Cork products,such as life
receive the initial rank of Ensign, xepair of amcraft gliders, ^ para- preservers, storage battery boxes, J““ciwe‘s“ K*m«. R. V'buIi!
chutes, dirigibles, balloons, aircraft A.. insulating material; oars,
Zouaves: Picnic will be held Wednesday, Angubt 6. Caib will leave the Armory for
Mulberry at 4 j
invited.
SCA Board: Very important meeting on Tucbdav August 4. in SCA room at 7:30 p. m. House presidents please be present;
your advice is imperative fOT
action. —MOGAVERO Pi Tau Sigma Actives and Pledges: Soft-
All Students: You arc invited to Wesley hall game Monday, August 3, at 4 |30 p. m.
at Russell Field —^KlNNEY MB Make Up Tests: Make up tests in courses ME 11, ME 65, and ME 66 will be given on Saturday,, August 8, at 1 p. m.
in loom 308 ot the ME building.
—AULT
X -- - jp rphe jimnnfacture of cast- Production of finished lumber The production, maintenance and products: Cork products,such as life
Nftvy Class H-V (P) ., . medical and dental corps, offers the ranks of lieutenant (jg) in
the Naval Reserve to applicants be- . . . offers to registered nurseS g^ips, boats and Flushing ot of'mrcraf't ships and other military ~F. 1'McDTnarfa.^wrM^^^^^^^ tween the ages of 19 and 30 upon who are graduates of high school production maintenance Enameling, japanning, lacqueiing, ot auciait, snips a o y ^ ^ ^ ^ Piei H. J Reed, l in on enbnni nf nnrsinp- parts. 1 he pioOuction, maintenance „^.,;„o. on-i poivanizine essential equipment. H, D. Shekels. W L. Schaihoi.w. s. S>ck- _____
Naval Reserve.
Navy Nurse Corps offers to registered nurseS
D. D. BarU, L. L. Bonham, R. B. Boughan,
piuriuGS narts nontoons propellois ^bcrcwo, rcsi ts Burnside, T, H Curry, E E Doiser, engines, parts, p ,-P I and structural shapes. matches, and wood preservation r w. DeusUr, w. J. Frantz, p. A. Frost,
and similar products.
springs, screws, tubing, stampings,
pressings, and structural shapes. , . a- a; . ■ . w « i .f u metal products: activities, as well as wooden parts w.’^G.'’™ocrnor, R. S. Koi’b,
Sigma Delta Chi Actives and Pledges: Rules for pledge essay contest are posted on bulletin board in Exponent office. Pledges please read and observe. Call me at 8444 for clarification of any details. Dinner meeting at 6 :.1Q p. m. Wednesday, August Union, 76c, —ARMS’TRONG
eyii to active duty. Students in and an accredited school of nursingclass “A” medical colleges or ac- a rank with pay and privileges equipment, credited dental colleges, and pre- equal to those of the equivalent i^d or pre-dental students who rank of Army Nurse. Women who have been accepted for the next en- may be widowed or legally sepa-
tering class in such colleges are rated will he accepted for this , . tornedo tubes and similar
branch of the seiviee, with those howitzers, toipeao tubes ana similar
and repair of ships, boats, parts.
Production of ordnance and accessoriest The pioduction, repair^ and maintenance of firearms, guns,
painting, and galvanizing essential equipment
eligible.
Upon taking oath in Class H-V between the ages of 21 and 40 be-
products.
(P), the applicant receives the rat-
metal products.
Production of industrial and agricultural equipment: Power boilers; wiring devices and supplies; agricultural implements;electiic lamps; storage and primaiy batteries; pumps, compressors, and pumping equipment; recording, controlling
ing eligible for the Naval Reserve » m m u n i t i o n: -
ing of Provisional Ensign, Naval Nurse Corps. Those between 22 and Bombs, mines, torpedos, grenades, measuring instruments and equipmen . Reserve. Students entering this 28 are also eligible for the Regu- chemical-warfare projectiles, explo- . conveyors; industrial cars ranspor a ion class are expected to complete a lar Navy Nurse Corps. sives, fuses, pyrotechnics as well as blowers, exhaust and regular medical or dental course Active d^ty for this group is products such as glycerin which go .^^g^yjating fans; mechanical power-
Pi*f>fliiptinn nf IraiisnortatiOU oncy, R. E. Spragup, R. J. -Taylor, H. R. rroauciion or rransporiation Velkoff, R. J. Visin, R. A. vonBehren, W. c.
equipment: Motor vehicles such as Walker, H. M. Whippo, g. R. Woitcr J. t.
, ,1 ^ • Youngblood. —YOUNGBLOOD trucks, ambulances, fire engines,
buses and military motorized units; POMM: Meeting Monday, August 3, at
, , J ^ 4 p m. in the Armory. Lt. C. M. Ball, air
essential parts and accessories ot ,,how sound films, “Army Air
such motor vehicles; motorcycles. College No. l’’ and "Wings
bicycles, and parts; loc^bmotives and parts; railroad and street cars and
services: Line-
haul railroads and railroad service; switching and terminal services;
Aeromodelers: Meeting Wedntsdav, August B, 7:30 p m in Room SO. Plans lor the contest of the eighth will be formu-, lated. Bring anyone interested in entering contest. '—SMITH Former Band Members: The B.ind will purchase used Band uniforms at re.nsonahle
with one year internship for medi- contemplated immediately upon apcal students, except those who may pointment, or as soon thereafter as
be accepted as Acting Assistant practicable.
into the manufacture of ammuni-
tion.
transmission equipment such clutches, diives and shafts ;mechan-
railway express service;' local and prices. See Cast or Ross at street railways and bus lines; truck- “ '
The following
. . 1, TV • T J. I ’ 1 4.-I ’ 1 ine': warehousing of neiishable Union Publicity Comm.: 'The following Agriculture: Dairy, livestock, ical stokers; tools, files, and saws; wareuuuaiug oj, rc Monday, poultry, truck, sugar-beet, sugar- plumbers’ supplies; professional f^ mgr'wrigh?.'“and °Pmg"ry
cane, hay, peanut, soybean, cotton, scientific instruments, photofruit and nut, potato, dried pea and graphic apparatus, and optical bean, crop specialty (e.g. flax, goods; and all equipment necessary
planned to bring out jfiemp), seed and general farms; .j-Q operate plants producing essen
tial commodities.
Production of machinery: Engines and tuibines; machine tools, equipment and accessoiies; electi ical geneiating, distribution and industrial apparatus for electric pub-
tial materials; pipe lines; air and water transportation including shore services such as stevedoring. Includes also services allied to tiansportation such as freight forwarding and packing, operation of terminals, roads and tunnels. Production of materials for packing and shipping products: Textile bags, vegetable and fruit baskets, cooperage, wooden boxes, excelsior, pulp and paper, paper bags, paperboard containeis and boxes, glass and fiber containers, cordage and
Merry-Go-Round ... * Suggestions ' Newell and Brown, both stapnch
(Continued from page 2) Republicans,
question—shall wages in these in- ^ barrell during the meeting, with a agricultural and horticultural and duatries be brought down to con- request that an\^e delegates pres- animal husbandry seivices such as form with scales in other war plants ent drop in ‘‘suggestions” for im- three planting, cattle feed-lot opwhich pay below the ceiling? proving the organization. Mean- eration, thieshing, grist milling. The answer is—there will be no time, the two Republicans had quiet- grain cleaning, plowing, corn shellreduction in wages. The President ly (jxed it up with stooges to stuff ing. Includes also such essential as-
haa decide ddefinitely against this, the barrel with hot complaints sembly and maiketing seivices as jjg ^,tility ^nanufactuiing, mining. Instead, to prevent piracy and against the national headquarters milk and cream assembly stations transpoitation and construction use, migration of workers away from at Chicago and also the Washing- and cooperative marketing associa- uicorporation in manufactured'
vital war plants paying below the ton office. tions. i-irniliirts or for use in seivice Indus- "“T U’ ” 15 per cent ceiling, the War Labor Strategy was to force the ouster Food processing: Fishing, meat- tues; construction, mining, agiicul- barrels, kegs, drums,
i^ard is planning to amend its of Russell Seville, national organi- packing and slaughtering, piodue- tuial, oil field, smelting and refin- cans, wage policy to permit the payment zation director, and Sherman Bain- tion of butter, cheese, condensed mg, as well a.s’all machinery neces-
of ‘‘premium wages (above the bridge, editor of the Townsend and evaporated milk, canned and ceiling) in such plants. Weekly, replacing them with two cured fish, canned and dried fruits Note: One industry sure to be al- Republicans—L. W. Jeffery, for- and vegetables, canned soups, fruit lowed “premium wages” is air- mer Townsendite vice president and vegetable juices, flour and other craft, which has lost many work- -whom Townsend ousted a year ago grain mill products, prepared feeds men, by piracy and migration, to for partisan activities, and Beechei for animals and fowls, starch, cei-
Hess, former Washington legisla- eals, baking powdei, rice, bread and tive representative, who I’ecently other bakery products, sugar, leavhas been in the employ of the Re- ening compounds, coin syrup and
publican National Committee. edible fats and oils.
ingb, Wright, and Pingry FRIER AND KATTER.TOHN
Puttering Shops: Union comm, meeting in the office Monday. August ,1, at 4:16 D m. 'The following should be there: Cuffing, Flanagan, Gannon, Gluck, Stallings, and McMuriay. —KIESTEU Union Music Room and Reception Comm.: The following meet m the office at 4 l."> p. m. on Monday, August i Billica, Dvorak, Mai tin. Pit ice, Slater, and Collistcr
—MacDONALD
Reamers: Meeting at 7:1) sharp in rllom 304 of the Union on Monday, August 3.
—KNOTE
Classified Ads
Carrier Wanted: Apply at Exponent Office or phono 3053. Ask lor Klouman. Lost—-One Bobby Jonts putter on University practice golf course. Reward Lt. Col Hicks. 2bl0. Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes «5oUl, rented, repaired, and purchased. ograph work done C J. Ebershoff, 605 Maifl, Lafayette. Phono 2779. Lost—Gold ling set with diamond and poails at Prom. Call 35401. Reward. Money to loan on diamonds, watches, gunt, luggage, typ(writers. Albert’s Loan Office*
407 Columbia.
Lost: Gold Waltham wrist watch on men'a tennis courts Saturday. Phone Bob Hadley, 3301. Rewara. '
& Dots YOUft P PEN LEAK?.' Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH’S
TRUE!
higher-paying shipyards.
• Behind The Air Corps ‘Thhs war will be won or lost in the air. But despite that fact the air forces will win or lose the war an the ground. In other words, the success of operations in the air de
oils, acids, and alcohols; lubricating oils and gleases; animal and vegetable oils; fertilizers; tanning materials; salt synthetic rubber; pii-
Newell and Brown figured that Forestry, logging, and lumber- i„ary coal-tar products; plastics; if they could fill the key jobs of ing: Timber tracts, logging camps, compressed and liquefied gases; reSeville and Bainbridge with men of sawmills, and veneer, lath, shingle, flned sulphur; sulphuric and other
Production of communication equipment: Including radios and radio equipment, television, telephone and telegraph equipment, and
signalling apparatus.
Communication services: Tele-
, , , ^ phone, telegiaph, newspapeis, radio andothei naval stoies; wood tars, television serv-
sary to pioduce, equip and maintain airciaft, ships, ordnance and other
military matei ial.
Production of chemical and allied products: Glycerin; tupeitine, rosin
pends on grounds crews who out- choosing, they would he cooperage-stock, planning and ply- acids; caustic and other sodas; in- ^ ’ on the way toward dictating the wood mills, raising of tung-oil dustrial alcohols; ' electiochemical
number air crews ten to one. ' Featured in the headlines and the newsreels every day are the pilots and machine gunners. Blit the unsung heroes of this war are the
ground crews.
Real fact is that it takes only one man to pilot a fighter plane, but it takes eight or ten mainienance men tp keep it in shape to fight. A four-
erew of nine, and a maintenance crew of 25. Often a ground crew will be assigned exclusively to one plane, and will become attached to it with the affection a stable boy
ifM for a race horse.
Chief of Staff General Marshall
organization’s political policies this trees; fire prevention, pest contiol, and electiomctalliiigical products fall. They planned to read the pro- forest nurseries and reforestation gi^fl ag caibide, sodium and potas-
seivices; gatheiing of gums and gjam metals and high percentage balks for the manufacture of naval ferro-alloys; diugs and medicines; stores and medicinal pin poses. jnsecticides and i elated chemical Construction: Highway and street compounds; nylon and other synconstiuction, marine construction; thetic textile fibers used in militaiy and construction of approved -in- equipment exclusively; giease and
But Doc‘Townsend got wind of dustiial plants, houses, hospitals, tallow; candles. (Explosives, flares,
and other fireworks, geneially classified as chemical pioducts are in-
cluded with ammunition.)
Production of rubber products:
All lubbei products.
tests from the barrel, then offer resolution demanding that Beecher Hess be reinstated in a “responsi-
ble” job.
* Doc In Action
engine bomber requires a flying Paul, Minn., the day and military projects and repair
ices and the repair of facilities. Heating, power and illuminating services: Electiic light and powei and gas utilities; . steam-heating
companies.
Repair I and hand trade se^PWes: Blacksmithing, armature .rewinding; electi ical and bicycle repair; automobile repair and seivice; hainess and leather repair; clock lepair; tool repair and sharpening. Health and welfare services, facilities and equipment: Water supply and sewerage systems; /irrigation systems; dental and medical laboiatoiies; hospitals; nursing services; fire and police protection; public health seivices; weather services; coast and geodetic services; engineering and other testing laboiatories; offices of dentists, physicians, surgeons, osteopaths, chiropodists and veterinarians; pio-
the Ohio convention opened. Imme- ov such facilities; and seivices ne diately he contacted Newell by long- cessary to complete such construc-
distance. tion.
“I understand you have an- Coal mining: The mining of announced that Beecher Hess will thracite, bituihinous coal, semimake the memorial address at your anthracite, lignite and peat and the meeting,” Townsend told Newell, operation of breakers or piepara-
bas revealed that the overall PRase call that off immediately, tion plants. Includes also lemoving lioots, shoes, and gloves, for mil- surgical, medical, and dental in-
atrength of the Air Force is ex- Hess is not to appear on the
Production of leather goods: Sole fessional engineering seivices. Inaiid belting leather; industiial belt- dudeg also the manufacture o'f Xing for transmission or powei; therapeutic apparatus, and
it is played by Republicans or Democrats. Also, do not roll out that
barrel.”
And that ended that. The “Old Doc” is still boss of his organiza-
pected to reach. 1,000,000 men by platform. I won’t stand for partithe e nd of 1942, and 2,000,000 by san politics, regardless of whether
the end of next year. If the war is won in 1943, it will be won by these 2,000,000 men. But 1,800,000 of them will be “fightii\g” on the
ground.
Tpey are the overall-boys, the l*on. gi e|i4e monkeys, the men who spend
all day overhauling an engine which, Pfof. TskcS
has h^en flying all night, thig men who know what heat is like in the deserts of Afriqa, because they don’t get up in the aii for relief,
as do the pilots.
• Townsend Rebellion
Cofirse In Portuguese ' Among _ a ;x!lass of twenty-five professors, writers, and government men now taking an intensive class at the Unavei-sity of Vermont in Portuguese is Prof. Brenes of the
Theie wa.s a plethora of oratory l«"8'«age staff. The course, and band music at a recent legion- approximately as long as
al meeting of Townsendites at Cedar Point, O. Howevei, the main buBine.ss of the meeting was conducted without any fanfare. This was a backstage plot by gome of Doc Townsend’s Midwest heutenapts to line up the old-age pension movement Viehind Republieaa candidates in the coming Con-
gi-essional elections.
The Republican plot was hatched by Charles Newell of Columbus, O., Midwest repional boss of the Towngend movement; and B. J. Brown, Indiana tSate director. Except for gome swift inteivention by Doc Townsend himself, the plot might
MTf i^Ojceedad,
our summer semester, will be concluded during the fourth week in
August.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL'OCCASIONS
f Acroft From t/nloo SommoQt *29 **Do«*’ Epplo *40
struments, equipment and supplies. Educational services: Public and piivate vocational training; elementary, secondaiy, and preparatory schools; junior colleges, colleges, universities, and professional schools; educational and scientific
lesearch agencies.
Johnny WEISSMULLER CAUSES A RIQT IN A CIRCUS, UPSETS A LAW COURT, SCALES BUILDINGS AND DIVES OFF BRQDRLYN BRIDGE IN M-G-M’s "TAR7AN'S NEW YORK ADVENTURE" * JOHNNY SAYS HIS ROLE IS THE PEST IN HOLLYWOOD !
Our Prices Are Frozen, but Qur Quality NEVER! •( * We are constantly striving to improve our QUALITY, to give our customer the benefit of any improvements.
Lovely Joan Bennett is starred with Fraiichot Tone at the Lafayette theatre today in the new comedy “The Wife Takes a Flyer”, a fun-filled fable of an RAF ace who lauds in occupied Holland.
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE—PAINTS anrf SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Top of the Hill