I •'.t
4f#'i«:fSKW fi <
' ! ' /.
fordham 0 Duke 21 INorth Carolina 0 Syracuse 0
Wisconsin 14 UCIA7
Michigan 0 Northwestern 0
Indiana 7 Iowa 3 .
Notre Dame 19 Ohio State 32 Minnesota 0 lifinois 14
Comeli14 Dartmouth 7
Coil.ofi>acific32 Chicago 0
Puidue Exponent
Vol. 50
No. 53
SUNDAY
November 13. 1938
Lcxloyette. Indiana
The Week’s NEWS
BUSINESS
Tomorrow’s Car . . . . . . made its premiere appearance at the National Automobile Show which opened in New York City at the Grand Central Palace Friday night. Visiting crowds gaped in awe at the strange host of metallic, land going sharks that will invade the countryside in the next few weeks. Bright colors, modernized streamlining, and many new mechanical features make this year’s models eye-opening creations. The steering wheel gear shift appears on almost every model. Rumble seats have been moved inside, and several cars have installed a fourth gear overdrive which is reported to save up to twenty per cent on gasoline.
Television Sets . . . . . . will be placed on the market within a few days, as Paramount Pictures Corp. took over a television laboratory and prepared to produce popular priced sets last week. Stanton Griffis, chairman of the Paramount executive committee, said that the company has purchased the DuMont Laboratories, Inc., and is now erecting a transmitter in Montclair, N. J., for use by January 1, 1939. The sets, ranging in price from $150 to $200, will project images on a screen eleven by eight inches. Plans are already in progress for having Claudette Colbert, Dorothy Lamour, and other stars appear on
programs.
Life Insurance . . . . . . income has risen, Chester 0. Fisher, vice-president of the Mutual Life Insurance Company, stated in an address recently to the Cleveland Life Underwriteis Association. In a period of falling national income, insurance premium payments have increased.
NATIONAL
Pear! Buck ... . . . former American missionary in China and author of best-seller “The Good Earth,” was awarded the 1938 Nobel prize in literature, Thursday. Announcement of the award worth approximately $40,000, did not mention specifically any of the author’s works, but it was “The Good Earth” which won her the prize in 1931.
“Typhoid Mary”... . . . for 30 years a prisoner of the New York City Health Department and first typhoid carrier ever identified, died yesterday at Riverside Hospital. Mary has been officially blamed for 54 typhoid cases and foiT three deaths, unofficially for many more. She was 70 years old at the time of her death.
Indiana politics ... ... became more complicated yesterday, as revision of election figures froip Howard county gave James Tucker (R) a victory over Edward Koenemann in the race for secretary of state in one of the most hectic off-year elections in Hoosier history. Raymond E. Willis (R) defeated for the United States Senate by Sentor Frederick Van Nuys by 6,500 votes, will petition the two Federal courts in Indiana to impound for recount all ballot and voting machines in Marion, Lake, Vanderburg, Vigo, Sullivan, and Vermillion counties.
The Quintuplets ... ... had their five sets of tonsils and five sets of adenoids removed at Callender, Ont., Friday by a medical staff of five doctors and two nurses. Dr. Allan Roy Dafoe, the Dionne quints own doctor, aided in the operation.
CIO Chairman ... . . . John Lewis received a major setback Friday when the International Ladies’ Garment Workers’ Union of 250,000 members bolted (Continued on page 8)
Contemporary Culture • Special Snowing
Meet To Open Thursday
G. Dillon To Speak On 'Modern Poetry'
Furnas To Appear At WSGA Conclave
C. C. Furnas, ChE ’22, will speak Thursday morning, with Mrs. Furnas, on “Interdependent Living” at the Conference on Contemporary Culture in the ballroom of the Union Building.
While here in school Furnas won the Big Ten championship in the cross country run and the two mile events, and later he was a member of the U. S. Olympic team when it went to Antwerp, Belgium.
Dr. Furnas, who has his Ph. D. degree in chemical engineering from the University of Michigan, is now associate professor of chemical engineering at Yale and is a consultant engineer to several large industrial concerns.
George Dillon, editor of Poetry magazine, will speak on “Modern Poetry” Thursday afternoon, at 2:30 in the women’s lounge of the Union. The discussion will be a part of the Seminars of Art program included in the Conference on Contemporary Culture. Dillon is best known for his books of poems “Boy in the Wind,” written before he was 20 years old, and “The Flowering Stone,” a collection of later poems. In 1932 he was awarded the Pulitzer prize for poetry.
Betty Elstun, chairman of the WSGA committee in charge, announced yesterday that men students will be admitted to the Wednesday and Thursday evening sessions of the Conference on Contemporary Culture. Seat preference is to be given to co-eds however.
Dr. and Mrs. Furnas have served during the past year as technical advisors for Russell Wright, designer of the Focal Food exhibit for the 1939 New York World’s Fair.
Stewart Praises
' Mrs. Furnas, BS ’24, received her master in home economics at the University of Minnesota in 1929. She is co-author with her husband of “Men, Bread, and Destiny.”
Glee Club Leaving On Concert Tour
Movie Will Reenact Ohio State Battle
“This year’s Glee Club is thg most outstanding group I have ever directed,” stated A. P. Stewart enthusiastically last night when questioned about his musical unit. “Already this year we have sung for more concerts than we did all last year,” continued the University music director. Leaving at 10 o’clock tomorrow morning the chorus will present a convocation program at Lebanon High School, and will continue their journey to Shelbyville where they will present another convocation sing. Sing At Batesville Tomorrow night the Music Club of Batesville will present the Glee Club in a two hour formal program. The concert is to be pi-esented in five parts. The first and last parts (Continued on page 2)
Purdue and Ohio State will replay their game on the movie screen tomorrow night at 8 o'clock in the Union ballroom before a general audience of students and alumni. The showing is sponsored by the Tippecanoe Alumni Association and the Student Union.
Mai Elward, Boilermaker coach will give a running comment on the movies which were made by Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering. Movies of some other football games this fall will also be shown.
Prof. C. O. Lee...
... of the pharmacy department will talk on “China At Peace” at a graduate forum this evening at 6:30 in the Wesley Foundation house.
All graduate students of the University are invited to attend.
Leo, Botany Lion, Breaks Out In Roar To
Smash University Traditions; Tells All
By Leo, the Lion
Yes, I’ve done it . . . broken all University tradition! Friday night I really ROARED between TO and 12. My former silence was due not to lack of voice, but to an innate modesty ... in a few cases at least. With a full moon illuminating the scene and preventing any mistakes, I exercised my lungs and revealed a few things previously unknown and unbelieved as some couples strolled to and from the Military Ball, among other places. Roar, Lion, Roar John Dietrich and wife, formerly Marge Starrett, were the first of the couples to receive my hearty bellow of welcome. Howard Eckert a little later merely grinned as Patricia Heine’s face glowed red at my unexpected outburst of leonine ability. “Roaring Hank” Miller of WBAA sauntered by with Joyce Burnham,
and they heard my mighty roar, too.
You Ain’t Lion Co-ed reaction vaiied from the girl who caressingly patted me on the nose, and the girl who triumphantly smiled at me as she raised clasped hands above her head in the prize fighteis’ victory gesture, to the couple who ran like mad when my unexpected loar shattered the ominous silence.
Special arrangements have been made for all seniors to see their Debris proofs this afternoon. Dex-heimer-Carlon representatives have consented to keep room C of the Union open beginning at 1:30 this afternoon so all seniors who have received cards may see their proofs.
Nearly 650 proofs have been received from Indianapolis this week and 110 of these remain to be called for. Viewinig will continue until Thursday, November 17.
Orders for personal or gift portraits will be taken during the time of viewing, and studio representatives guarantee pre-Christmas delivery for all pictures ordered before November 17.
Clyde McCoy Will Play For Second Formal Of Season
Tails, tuxes, and formal gowns will again be in demand Friday, Novembfer 25, when the Student Union presents its Union Anniversary Formal with maestro Clyde McCoy supplying the entertainment. Tentative plans for the dance, announced yesterday by Union officials include a ticket sales scheme and a low admission price. Tickets will be limited to 450 and will go on sale to juniors and seniors Wednesday and Thursday. The sales to the two upper classes •will be limited only by the 450 ticket deadline. Friday, remaining tickets will be sold to the general student body. Sales price for these tickets will be $1.75 and regular dance hours of 9 p. m. to midnight will prevail. Either tails or tuxedos will be proper despite rumors about the campus that tails would be necessary. The Friday night date for the dance is the day after Thanksgiving, and Friday is a University penalty day.
Presbyterian Choir Will Present Today's Music Room Recital
A. P. Stewart’s Central Presbyterian Church Choir will present a musical program in the Union ballroom this afternoon at 4 o’clock. Stewart, University music director and the Presbyterian Choir won first place in their division of the Chicagoland Music Festival held this summer in Chicago. This is another in a series of Sunday afternoon musical programs sponsored by the Union music room. It has been requested by the committee officials that all who plan to attend be in their seats by 4 o’clock in order not to interrupt the program. The program is as follows:
I.
Cast Thy Burden Upon the Lord (from Elijah) by Mendelssohn. Cherubium Song No. 7 by Bortniansky. Consider and Hear Me by Pfluger. Arsene Summers, alto soloist. Seek Ye the Lord by Roberts. Geo. H. Bush, tenor soloist. Beautiful Saviour by Christiansen. Mrs. H. Kenn Carmichael, alto. Rain and the River by Fox.
But the truth will out. I’ll confess. It was with the aid of a public address system and some electrical engineering lads that I made my outbursts. My voice was that of my brother Leo, the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer movie lion.
II.
Today I again returned to my stony-faced silence as the co-eds pass, and once again tradition will return to the campus. No more lion for me.
Big Ten Title Race Tangled By Week-End Ties^ Defeats
A tie game at Ann Arbor, Mich., yesterday afternoon left the Big Ten title race wide open with half of the teams having a chance to either win or tie for the championship. The Wolverines came the closest to defeating the Wildcats that they have since as each team struggled in vain to score. Northwstem’s game was its last conference tilt of the season, giving them a Big Ten record of two wins, one loss and two scoreless ties.
At Bloomington, Iowa closed its conference season as it bowed to Indiana, pulling the Hoosiers out of the Big Ten cellar for the first time this year. The Buckeyes held on to their title hopes, defeating the Hlini at Champaign, 111., yesterday, 32-14, for their fourth consecutive triumph of the series. In the three games between conference and non-conference teams, the Big Ten contingents fared poorly, winning one game and losing two. Notre Dame’s undefeated and untied eleven trounced Minnesota 19-0, for the second Gopher loss in the last three games, while the College of the Pacific team soundly whipped Chicago at Dyche Stadium, 32-0. Wisconsin alone held up the Big Ten in its intersectional game at Los Angeles, Cal., defeating the Bruins of UCLA, 14-7.
At Ann Arbor - At Bloomington --
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Nov. 12.— One of the largest crowds to see a Big Ten game this year saw a superior Northwestern offensive balked by a Michigan forward wall that held up under a crisis. The deadlock started in the first quarter when, using punting as the main weapons, neither team was able to penetrate the other’s 20-yard line. Jefferson started a rally for Northwestern and McGurn tried to help him along, but Harmon, Wolverine right half, intercepted a pass and nipped the scoring attempt in the bud.
BLOOMINGTON, Ind., Nov. 12. —Indiana’s hapless Hoosiers finally came through with a long awaited triumph as they downed the Iowa Hawkeyes 7-3 at Bloomington yesterday afternoon before a crowd of 12,000. It was the first Hoosier touchdown since the Kansas State game and the second this season, that came late in the last period to give Indiana its initial victory of the current season.
A brilliant stand by the Michigan line within their own three yard line ended a scoring chance for the Wildcats after they had marched 72 yards to an almost certain score. The line held for six plays in the shadow of its goal posts after Hahnenstein had started the Northwestern march on his own 21 by first ripping off 16 yards in two plays and then tossing a pass to Jefferson that was good for fifty yards. Ryan was held on the one yard line after Northwestern had attempted their six plays.
A field goal by Iowa early in the fourth quarter put Indiana in the hole until late in that period when, after everything pointed to the Hawkeyes as victors, Hersch threw a pass to Herbert in the end zone from the 17-yard line to give the Hoosiers the ^11-important •victory touchdo'wn.
The game gave Indiana a total of 15 points for the season, and pulled them out of the Big Ten cellar for the first time this season. The Hoosiers’ record, as they turn their attention to the Boilermakers is one win and three losses in the Big Ten, and one tie and two losses outside the conference.
The fourth quarter continued the deadlock as both teams struggled in midfield and alternately punted to each other. Hahnenstein starred for the Wildcats and the entire Wolverine line starred for Michigan.
Marking the last conference appearance of the Hawkesres the game leaves only Nebraska remaining on the Iowa schedule.
At Los Angeles
At South Bend --
SOUTH BEND, Ind., Nov. 12.— Notre Dame swept through its seventh straight triumph of the 1938 gridiron season this afternoon here before a capacity crowd of 56,000 spectators, downing Minnesota 19-0. The Gophers attempted to draw blood twice by field goals in the first quarter with Faust and Bell kicking, but neither was good.
LOS ANGELES, Calif., Nov. 12. —Striving to hold back a powerful Badger eleven, the UCLA Bruins made Harry Stuhldreher’s eleven pay for each yard it gained when it came within scoring distance, but were unable to keep the Wisconsin machine from scoring twice to take a 14-7 -victory at Los Angeles, Cal., yesterday, in one of the leading intersectional games of the afternoon as 52,000 fans attended the game.
After five minutes of play Zontini crossed left guard from his own 16 yard line, swung to the left, then cut back and ran 84 yards to a touchdown without a Gopher laying a finger on him, as the Notre Dame “perfect play” was executed. All would-be Minnesota tacklers were handily taken out of the play. Zontini added the extra point.
Time after time the UCLA defense held back the Badgers, but the steady pounding of Beilin, Gage and Weiss, throughout the contest proved too much for the Bruins, who fought back in the last half to push over one score, but did not threaten the Wisconsin lead.
It wasn’t until late in the second quarter that the Irish picked off another touchdown in just as sudden a manner, as Saggau tossed a pass from the Minnesota 45 yard line to Earl Brown, Notre Dame end, on the 15 yard stripe. Brown snagged the ball and ran across the goal to give the Irish a 13-0 lead at the half mark.
Only Minnesota now lies in the Badger pennant path, as Stuhldreher’s eleven has dropped only one conference game this season, that to the Boilermakers.
At Chicago --
Prayer (from Cavalleria Rusticana) by Mascagni. Peace I Leave With You by Roberts. Mrs. A. P. Stewart, soprano. Open Our Eyes by McFarlane. Harold F. Schulte, tenor. The Night Has a Thousand Eyes by Cain. Even Me by Warren. Mr. H. Kenn Carmichael. The Long Day Closes by SullivanCain.
Gaining little from scrimmage in the last half, Notre Dame laid back and held off the Gophers until late in the final quarter when the same Saggau threw a 15-yard pass to Kelly in the end zone for the last score of the ball game.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 12—Returning to the Midway for the first time since he left in 1933, Coach Amos Alonzo Stagg had the pleasure of watching his College of the Pacific eleven swamp the Maroons 32-0 in a game which clearly demonstrated the superiority of the coast team.
Trying despei-ately to get back some of the deficiency in the last few seconds, the Gophers went to the air, but their last pass was intercepted by Notre Dame and returned to the Gopher 18 yard line as the game ended.
Seven points in the first half came as the result of a very short Maroon punt after Chicago had held the Pacific Tigers on the one yard line. After holding the Tigers to one score in the first thirty minutes, the Maroons cracked in the second half letting Coach Stagg’s eleven cross the groal four more times, to pile up the remainder of the 32 points.
mmife:
^dUiohied the pdbdue exponent J^^fihe^
sp^
• «
Sunday, November 13, 1938
Culture ConfGi'BiiCG Purdue Exponent
Another first for WSGA—November 16 and 17—the first conference on Contemporary culture—a complement to the now biennial vocational guidance conference which was originated three years ago. If successful in its attempt to bring to Purdue co-eds a glimpse of trends in our modem cultural development, this conference, too, may become a biennial institution. Betty Elstun and her committee have invited to the conference leaders in a variety of fields. Dr. and Mrs. C. C. Furnas, both Purdue graduates who are the authors of “Men, Bread and Destiny” and “America’s Tomorrow,” re(^t books, will conduct a group discussion on “Interdependent living.” At the open meeting Wednesday evening Herbert Agar, economist, will discuss what American culture stands for in hi^^^ddress “Americanism and What It Represents.” Thursday evening Miss Doris Humphrey and three of her dancers will illustrate, by performance, what direction our culture is taking in aesthetic dancing as an art. The Thursday morning and afternoon group meetings will offer a variety of small groups from which co-eds may make a choice of special interests, Co-eds who attend will be given cards which will excuse them from classes. Here is an opportunity—one worth taking —to hear experts tell us which directions they think our arts, social sciences, and physical sciences are taking, and how we can and will take part in their development. Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Furnas, Herbert Agar, Alexander Archipenko, Doris Humphrey, Dr. Flora Thurston, Mrs. Hallie Flanagan, Forbes Watson, George Dillon and John C. Cavanna —this is the array of illustrious leaders who
Entered as second class matter at tbe poet office in Latayette, Indiana, under the act of Coneress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postase provided for in section 1108, act of October 8. 1917, anthorined January 20, 1922. PubUshed daily except Monday durinc the reynlar academic year and. weekly during the Sunder Session. Delivered locaEy by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Editor-In-Chief ......H. I. Stanb&ck Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF Manacinp Editor I* B. Hardin City Editor. D. A. Bailey Associate Editor8....6. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Bnsincss Manayer M. C. Beeves Local Advertising; Managrer. E. M- Antonini Circulation Manayer. W. F. Bery Sales Maniwer —_—V. Dauyherty National Advertisiny Manayer —H. W. Nevin Accounts Manayer W. B. Smith Art Director — D. J. Hennin'yer SPOBTS STAFF Editor. B. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, B. Jenkins, B. J. Deekard CO-ED STAFF Editor.. ...Sally McKee Associate Editors..! ;.Joy Johnson, Georyann Schilling, Betty Wickard EDITOBIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Buildiny, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exitonent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 This newspaper is written, edited, and published by underyraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. / nEesEBENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTIBINO BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago ' Bostoh ■ Los Angeles - San Francisco
Night Editor—^Frederick Issue Editor—Donahue Sunday, November 13, 1938 have accepted invitations to address Purdue co-eds.—S. McK.
Cinema Cues
liiii
“The Citadel,” A. J. Cronin’s best seller, will be dramatized at the Mars today through Wednesday. Robert Donat, as the surgeon who fights for the ethics of his profession, descends into the pit left by a collapsed mine in a tensely dramatic scene. Rosalind Russell is cast as the school teacher he marries.
The new and exciting team of Errol Flynn and Bette Davis portray the principal character in “The Three Sisters,’/ Lafayette feature November 13-16. One of the most
Bette Davis thrilling scenes is the terrifying reproduction of the San Francisco earthquake of 1906, as experienced by the small town
heroine. —C-C—
Freddie Bartholomew and Mickey Rooney fight it out in “Lord Jeff” at the Luna today and tomorrow. Freddie as the pawn of two crooks is arrested and sent to Barnardo Home, marine school, where Rooney is a boy petty officer. Tuesday and Wednesday at the Luna, Warner Baxter and Marjorie Weaver are co-starred in “I’ll Give a Million,” the delightful story of a millionaire who gave away his fortune to the person who aided him when he roamed disguised as a tramp. “Tropic Holiday,” a musi-
cal comedy romance set in Mexico wth Dorothy Lamour, Ray Milland Bob Burns and Martha Raye, completes the bill. —C-C— “Barefoot Boy,” a story of youth and its high code of honor, with Jackie Moran and Ralph Morgan will be the feature at the New Main today through Wednesday. Exciting adventures in a crook’s lair in a haunted house are woven into the plot. -C-C—' ' ■ “Her Jungle Love” with Dorothy Lamour as the white goddess and Ray Milland as the handsome explorer will be re-screened at the Arc theater today and tomorrow. “Wide Open Faces,” a Joe E. Brown comedy will also be shown. “Blazing Barriers,” a story set in a CCC camp and starring Edward Arnold, Jr., will be teamed with “Man’s Country,” a Western featuring Jack Randall, Monogram Picture’s singing Cowboy star, at the Arc, November 15 and 16. Pi Kappa Alpha... . . . social fratei’nity, announced the initiation yesterday of the following; W. O. Alexander, Plainfield; H. W. Bremer, Saginaw, Mich.; J. R. Chase, Crown Point; F. P. Francesco, Westfield, N. J.; J. E. Girard, Plainfield; L. C. Lewis, Louisville, Ky.; W. S. McDowell, Elkhart; D. W. Miller, Elkhart; H. D. Pogue, Fairbanks; R. E. Schornstheimer, White Plains, N. Y.
Stewart Praises-
(Continued from page 1)
^e of strictly formal style. Part two will present Paul F. Worcester, solo tenor, singing “Shortin’ Bread” by Wolfe, “I Love Life” by Manazucca, and “Ma Little Banjo” by Rutheford. Worcester will be accompanied at the piano by Richard P. Thornton, Glee Club accompanist. Part three is a gypsy scene in costume starring Maurice W. Campbell doing a native gypsy costume dance and Marvin Smith, solo tenor, singing the popular classical “Gianina Mia.” Using tambourines the remainder of the choir will present the desirable musical background. Doyle Will Solo Morey J. Doyle, presenting part four, will play two piano solos, “Romance” by Sibelius, and “The Sixth Hungarian Rhapsody” by Franz Lizt. Doyle has been the soloist with the choir for the last four years and has played programs in the Orchestra Hall in Chicago. The Glee Club will get back early Tuesday morning, but will leave again Friday for a similar trip pre-
The average cost of outfitting a college football player is $75.00.
NOW SHOWING
A BOY—A DOG—AND GANGSTER GUNS! You’ll Love This Plucky American Boy As He Crashes The "Haunted House" Hideout Of A Racketeer Mob! irs BRIMMING OVER WITH LAUGHS, THRILLS, FUN!
A Movie Quix Picture
It’s First Run Also Latest News
*■ **
Errol Starred for tbe first time with Bette Davis
He
with ANITA LOUISE • IAN HUNTER DONALD CRISP-BEULAH BONDI*JANB BRYAN . ALAN HALE • DICK FORAN HENRY TRAVERS* PATRIC KNOWLES -—plus GRANTLAND RICE SPORTLIGHT
Sbib TODAY MBnSfiTU
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lehty
Some one asked us the other day what we answered when accused of being Bold and Black. If this column were not subject to censorship we would tell you. But under the circumstances it is hardly possible.
Betty Jane Darr, Kappa lady, was very ceremoniously thrown into the shower by the Sigma Chis while she was dining at the fraternity house. That’s what happens to little girls who g6 about calling up fraternity jboys after midnight and pretend to be their mother. It just doesn’t work—especially with the Sigs.
Love scene on the roof of playhouse in the nursery school yard— Little boy climbs up oh the roof followed by little girl. Little girl hugs little boy for a prolonged period. Little boy: “Isn’t that about enough?”
This column is one thing Our fist another. If you scoff at the one, You’ll feel the other.
The Dexheimer-Carlon representatives, who happen to be two super salesladies, are being kept Over Sunday here on the campus. Some of the senior eds really seem to be
Meets Tomorrow All Contract enthusiasts in the University Club are eligible to attend the first meeting of the Bridge Club tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union. The newly-organized club plans to hold seven meetings throughout the year, on dates which will not conflict with basketball games or convocation programs. Individual scores for the season will be determined by the five best scores in the first six meetings. Prizes will be awarded to winners at the last meeting. Mr. and Mrs. J, R. Wiley are chairmen of the meeting tomorrow.
senting a concert in Vincennes on Friday evening. “I never have heard a better Glee Club than the one this year. Added practice and a large number of programs makes this choir one of the best Purdue has ever had,” stated Paul F. Worcester, solo tenor and manager of the choir. Last year’s club carried off top honors at the Chicagoland Music Festival.
Copr. 1938 by United Featnre Syndicate, Ine.
r
-and this we made over into a den for Cadwell.’
taking this picture business seriously; even coming up to the office as many times as five to see about their picture orders. A stooge passes on the idea to us that when a professor falls in love with a co-ed she makes A while she can. An unidentified admirer keeps bestowing written messages and gifts upon Janet Humphreys and Mary Jane West. The uhknown donor however, addresses his communication to the “GOON GIRLS,” and last week even sent them a very fashionably wrapped carrot. If you want very much to be alone with your lady friend in Happy Hollow, you might try the stunt used by the Black Cat House on Russell street. They took their dates on a hayride and ended Up in Happy Hollow after midnight, walking home on the night of Military Ball, because their haywagon broke down.
FAMOUS LAST THOUGHT: If kisses are words in the language of love, most of the students around here know some long words.
BEAUTIFUL WOMEN ... RICHES were within easy reach, but the cry of hu* manity called him back to the citadel of his youthful ideals!
A doctor's secrets fe by a doctor / 88 , A great novel. ,>e. a greater film ! ROBERT ROSAIIND
— plus OUR GANG COMEDYl NOW PLAYING MARS
BARTHOLOMEW ROONEY ^
Those grand shipmaiei of ’’Captains Coura* geous”... in eyenmore thrilling adventure] lOMIJEH TODAY &MON.
with diaries COBURN Herbert MONBifi Sale SONOEROAARO
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
The picture of a thousand thrills ... in Technicolor)
AND SCREAM A SECOND FUN FESTl
£*««
ALSO SHORT SUBJECT
jfjM0 Sunday. November 13. 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
NEWSoith«WEEK I Harricrs Place Second In State Meet
(Continued from page 1) the parent organization it helped form and became an independent union. Leaders of the 41 unions comprising the CIO met in Pittsburgh yesterday to prepare a program for their constitutional convention opening Monday. iVASHINGTON Third Party ,.. . . . movements suffered a blow on Tuesday. Voters showed up at the polls with a definite reinforcement for the two-party system. Another result evident in the recent balloting was a definite swing to increased Eepublican representation in the nation’s governmental offices. Not altogether a positive trend prediction for the 1940 presidential campaign, yet the shift of backing toward the Republican side will undoubtedly kindle greater hopes in the GOP, will disturb Democrats— putting them on the alert., A. F. of L. Hopes . . . . . . for amendment of the Wagner Relations Act rose this week, as labor officials counted on the aid of increased Republican congressional strength. William Green, A. F. of L. president, contends the electiqn proved the nation “sick and tired of the CIO’s philosophy and tactics.” However statistics showed that 83 CIO backed candidates for House positions were elected—out of a possible 183. Sumner Welles . . . . . . under secretary of state, declared this week that the United States intends to help defend the entire western hemisphere. Unknown sources showed this statement ds a partial explanation of the administration’s expanded armament program. Asserted Welles, “As a nation we will assure ourselves that we are in a position to defend ourselves from all aggression from whatever source it may arise.” Republicans . . . . . . have intimated their intentions of enlisting dissenting Democrats in a drive to investigate activities of the WPA administration, to re-
move WPA Administrator Harry L.
Hopkins. Says Representative Joseph W.
Big Ten Standings
Martin (R.-Mass.), “1 have enough evidence myself of coercion and of
Minnesota Wisconsin
.. 3
1 .1
0 0
31 64
12 39
racketeering in the WPA to justify
3
investigation.” Continued Martin,
Ohio State
... 3
1
1
80
33
“In my own district I carried a democratic ward for the first time. Po-
PURDUE
... 2
1
1
25
14
litical use of WPA was so raw that
Michigan
.. 2
1
1
65
14
it helped me.”
Northwestern ...
... 2
1
2
32
23
NLRB Announced —
Illinois
... 1
3
0
26
61
... this week that during the month
Iowa
... 1
3
1
43
62
of September it settled 46 out of 61 strike cases between workers and
Indiana
... 1
3
0
9
27
employers.
Chicago
.... 0
3
0
28
114
FOREIGN Eamal Ataturk . . . . . . Turkish dictatorial president, who whipped a “republic” out of the meager raw material of his demoralized country, died Thursday at the age of 58, after a long illness. Ataturk lives in the memories of the Turks as the man who kept the invading nations out of his country, who removed the fez from the head of the Turkish male, the veil from the face of the Turkish woman. He will be succeeded by General Ismet Inonu, the “military bookkeeper” who served as premier during 13 of Ataturk’s 15 years in office. Inonu has long been a friend and critic of the deceased dictator. “Happy to Accept,” . . . . . . King George VI answered to FDR’s invitation to visit the United States during the royal Canadian tour next spring. Said HRH, “I welcome this practical expression of good feeling that prevails between our countries.” Meanwhile, the royal family took a step toward reunion as the Duke and Duchess of Glouchester met the Duke and Duchess of Windsor in the first royal reconciliation. EdWard, Duke of Windsor, was described as “happy as a boy” to have his brother visit him. The Adsit by the Glouchesters was suggested by King George as a prelude to inviting the Windsors to England. Nine Buildings . . . . . . and three lives were lost as fire
Debris suggests:
"The Ball (dance to you) is over, but the melody lingers
on.
rr
---and in May when the Dehris is over (it's bound to go over in a big way!), the memories wili linger on as you glance through the many pages. - - - But, right now, you'd better order your Debris while they're tour dollars (4 o'clock Tuesday ends the $4 price).
DEBRIS
Phone 4005 Ask for Debris
swept Rouyn, Quebec, a mining town, yesterday. At the last notice, no bodies had been recovered and it was suspected several other missing persons had perished. Ruins of Albert’s Hotel, one of the buildings destroyed by the fire, were too hot to permit the entrance of searchers, Nazi Mobs . . . . . . stormed the heart of Berlin late this week, plundering and demolishing Jewish shops. Synagogues were in flame throughout the city, and many shop windows were smashed. German police were powerless. In Vienna, the total or partial destruction of all its 21 synagogues was reported. Jews said 22 of their number had committed suicide in despair. All violence was described as “Nazi revenge” for the killing of Vom Rath, German secretary of the Paris embassy, by Herschel Grynszpan, Polish Jew. As a penalty for the murder, German Jews were fined $400,000,000 (one billion marks) under provisions of newly drafted decrees drawn up by Field Marshal Goering. This amounts to approximately $1,000 per capita Jewish population. Further decrees prohibit Jews from operating stores or shops, prohibit them from heading firms. Marseille, France, . . . ... was razed by fire late last week. Over 60 persons were reported dead, and ten buildings were burned. At the department store where the blaze started, firemen reported “heaps” of bodies at the bottom of a collapsed staircase. WAR America . . . . . . and other foreign powers were warned Tuesday to keep their citizens and airplanes out of the China war zone as Japan mapped a new “zone of hostilities” extending 700 miles into the interior. Declaring Japan not responsible for any more “unfortunate incidents” like the Panay affair, the Nipponese war office renounced protection to foreign property used by Chinese forces “or which exist in their proximity.” Japanese troops yesterday occupied Yochow, gateway to Hunan province, scoring a major gain in their drive on Changsh^, provincial capital. Battering down Chinese resistance, the invaders fought their way across the walls of Yochow by moonlight. Victory gives the Japs an important rail and river center, placing them within 80 miles of Changsha.
Intramural Notices
TOUCHBALL Monday, November 14 Field 1— Sigma Pi vs. Beta Theta Pi, Official, Evers. 2— Delta Upsilon' vs. Delta Tan Delta. Official, Fishel. 3— Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Official, Lamoureaux. 8— ^Ward 6 vs. Ward 2. Official, Margolian. 9— Sigma Nu vs. Theta Xi. Official, Troyer. 10— Ward 6 vs. Cary Hall 9. Official, Boyer. 11— Cary Hall 10 vs. Cary Hall 1. Official, Luce. 12— Cary Hall 8 vs. Ward 8. Official, Berry.
Thousands of Chinese civilians are fleeing from towns and villages along the upper Yangtze today as the Japanese carry their invasion into hitherto untouched areas 1,000 miles inland. Three Fronts . . . ... in Spain saw renewed fighting last week as Loyalists and Rebels made attack and counterattack, gaining ground in one sector and losing in another. Rebel Generallisimo Franco’s forces on the Ebro river front have retaken about half the territory they lost when the Loyalists crossed the Ebro at the end of July. Friday, insurgent commanders threw waves of militia against Loyalist-held blockhouse lines west of the river. Insurgent dispatches said yesterday Franco’s troops had won a smashing victory over government armies on the right bank of the Segre river south of Lerida. Heavy inurgent countei’attacks drove Loyalist fighters back, cutting short their five-day advance on Lerida and Fraga. Loyalists on the Valencia front are successfully prodding the Fascist lines, taking some 35 prisoners and advancing to Nules on the eastern coast. SPORTS Sportlight of . . . . . . the week turned towards Texas Christian, pride of south-western football enthusiasts, as leading sport VT-iters rated the Lone Star squad number one pigskin organization of the nation. The Irish of Notre Dame followed in second place. Pittsburgh, leader during recent weeks, dropped to third place, and Tennessee ranked fourth. The remainder of the nation’s big ten teams follow in the order of Dartmouth, Carnegie Tech, Duke, Santa Clara, Southern California, and Oklahoma. Purdue Boilermakers moved to position 26 as a result of the Engineer’s victory over Ohio State. The Riveters occupied post 39 previous to the Buckeye contest. Amateur tennis . . . . . . circles lost a valuable personality when Don Budge, first racquetwielder to win Australian, French, Wimbledon, and American tennis championships, turned professional. The star signed a $76,000 contract to make engagements throughout the country, with the “best wishes of the United States Lawn Association officials.” Because of his father’s illness and financial obligations. Budge agreed to receive remuneration for cross-
Bodeau, Reese, Knapp Lead Boilermakers As Cross Country Runners Close Season Fighting over the terrain covering the Butler course, the Boilermaker harriers grimly clinched second place in the allstate cross country meet staged yesterday at Indianapolis. Overwhelming the Purdue men with superior runners, the Hoosiers from Indiana University triumphantly galloped away with the State championship. The final score for the Indiana men was 29 points.
eleven Organizes Athletic Program For Staff Members Providing for an extensive program of recreational activities for members of the University Club, which includes faculty and staff, a new idea has been inaugurated under the direction of Chief Clevett of the physical education department. Volleyball, swimming, and bowling will be the main features of this new program. Dr. H. G. DeKay will head the operations of the volleyball group which is meeting every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 4. The swimming classes, which are held every Tuesday and Thursday from 6:30 to 6, are under the officiation of Larry LaBree. Due to the increasing popularity of bowling on the campus, Clevett feels that a program of this sort would not be complete without it. J. E. Wilbur is in charge of this activity and several teams have already been organized. To insui’e a diversified program, a number of social events have been planned. A series of card parties starting Monday in the faculty lounge, an informal party November 28, a formal reception for presidents of Indiana colleges and universities February 20, and an informal party April 17 are just a few of the events that have been planned. Professor and Mrs. H. G. Venemann are in charge of the card parties, while various club members and their wives are in charge of the individual affairs.
The first intersectional intercollegiate football game was played between Princeton and University of Virginia in 1890. Princeton won 116 to 0.
ing racquets with Ellsworth Vines, scheduling 50 matches throughout the United States. Ray Blades . . . . . . boss of International League’s Rochester baseball club, succeeded St. Louis Cardinal Manager Frankie Prisch, as leader of the Red Birds for the 1939 season Monday. The newly acquired club pilot is a veteran of the Card's farm system, and has been at the helm of the Rochester club since 1935. Simultaneously with the announcement of Blade’s appointment, officials of the American League’s St. Louis Browns drafted squarejawed Fred Haney of American Association’s Toledo Mudhens, and signed him as club manager of the lowly Browns for 1939.
'a
the
DIVIDENDS
on
Phone
Good Grooming Draw Compound Interest!
You
can't afford to miss that, the American offers you the finest of work.
Fine Cleaning Shoe Repairs
West Side Office 132 Vine St,
Purdue’s rambling runners garnered second place over the Indiana Central men when they scored a total of 63 points to easily beat the Central total of 106 markers. Trailing closely behind came the home team runners, Butler, with a score of 107 points. The other Indiana teams that were in the race but didn’t gain a position in the first four were DfePauw, Wabash, Ball State, Taylor, and Earlham. Mel Trutt, heavily favored Indiana man, lead his team to victory when he repeated his previous victories over Bill Southworth of Butler, who ran second, and Art Bodeau of the Boilermakers, who finished in third place. Further Back The Boilermaker men who placed in the meet were Bodeau, Reese who came in 12th, Knapp, who followed him to come in 13th, White and Gaulke, who finished further back in the scoring. Fatout and Marozick did not count in the scoring as they finished still further back. The running of this State meet, the first in over five years, was entered by Coach Phillips’ men with a record in dual competition among Indiana teams of two victories and one loss. The Boilermakers beat both Butler and Wabash and lost to Indiana. Among non-Indiana teams the Purdue team has lost two meets and won one. At ChampaignCHAMPAIGN, 111., Nov. 12. — Heartened by the return of Mel Brewer to the Illinois backfield, the Orange and Blue tried courageously -to overturn their favored Buckeye opponents yesterday afternoon, but failed to hold down a powerful Ohio State attack which piled up 32 tallies to 14 for the Illini. Fumbles by the Illini, an intercepted pass, and a blocked kick proved the undoing of the home team, which was trying to gain its first -victory over the Bdekeyes since it eked out a 14-13 win in 1934. Unhygienic... . . . conditions because of overcrowding in University of Illinois fraternity houses have led to the appointment of a committee to draw up standards of floor space, lighting, and ventilation. Composed of members of the Interfratemity Alumni Association, the committee is headed by E. E. Bauer, assistant professor of civil engineering. Regulation of housing facilities in unorganized rooming - houses is already in effect.
Sophomore Flash
Hi
It, Joe Nicholson, sophomore left halfback, has become one of the most valuable men on the Indiana squad this season with his accurate passing and powerful running.• *
First Christian Church 9:30 a. m., Student Class; speaker, Dr. Lawence Hadley. 10:40 a. m., Morning Worship; sermon by Reverend Doyle Mullin. Subject, “Without Hatred.” 5:30 p. m.. Vespers. 6:00 p. m., Social Hour and supper. «:45 p. m., Round Table discussion.
Presbyterian 9:30 a. m.. Pi of. H. L. Creek will give the second of the series of addresses on “A Working Philosophy of Life.” 10:40 a. m., Morning Worship. Sermon by the pastor. Dr. W. R. Graham. Subject, “The Foundation of a Faith for Today.” The choir, under the direction of Mr. A. P. Stewart, will sing “Seek Ye the Lord,” by Roberts. 6:00 p. m.. Student Forum at Westminster House, 129 Sheetz St. There will be a panel discussion on a phase of the relief problem.
Wesley Foundation 8:00 a. m.. Freshman commission breakfast. ' 9:30 a. m., Sunday School. Co-eds at the Foundation; men at the church. Teacher, Reverend McFadden. 10:40 a. m.. Morning worship. Dr. Steele will preach on, “The Mind and Religion.” 5:00 p. m.. Fellowship Suppei at the Foundation (15 cents). 6:30 p. m.. University Epworth League. “Building the Kingdom of God.” Speakers: W. D. McEachron, Jim Ludberg, Fairie Totten, Walter Kettenring, and others.
St. John’s Episcopal 8:00 a. m.. Holy Communion. 10:45 a. m.. Morning prayer and sermon. 6:00 p. m.. Young people’s fellowship. Supper. 7:00 p. m., Progiam.
West Lafayette Baptist 9:30 a. m., Roger Williams Club class with Dean Fisher as teacher. 10:35 a. m.. Church Service. Sermon by Joseph Baird Gleason, “The Fine Arts of Friendship.” 6:30 p. m., Victor Davisson will speak on “Social Adjustments in Cooperative Farming.” 7:30 p. m.. Evening Service. Sermon, “If Millions Prayed and Acted.”
3kcaL (Mbu Official^ Announce Four Penalty Dates Penalty dates this semester are November 23, 26, December 21, and January 5. No excuse will be allowed for absences these days, the 24 hour periods before and after Thanksgiving Day and the Christmas recess. The penalty for an absence from a regular class during this time is a fee of $5. Marked absent by mistake, or absent for reasons beyond his control the student must file a certified detailed statement of explanation in the period of seven days after the close of the recess. Quarterback Joe Keliy of Santa Clara made a punt in 1935 that landed 24 yards behind him.
tHE filtPdNENT
OtaticsA.
History tells us that the Greeks of Sparta played football way back in 500 B. C. They called the game “Harpaston.”
Classiiied Ads
FOR SALE
TTFSWSrrSRS—^All makes, standard and iiortable, sold, gKirehased. rented and rqiaired. New Portable machines as low as $2B.7S. Supplies. C. F. Sbenfaaff, S96 Main street.
FOR SALE—One brand new demonstrator Corona-Zephyr portable typewriter. Big discount. Phone Staley—7935.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTED—loungr couple desire to rent space for modern house trailer. Must have electricity, water, use of lavatory. Prefer near campus. S. Myers, 226 Pierce.
WANTED—Tutbr for Math 3 Call 6996, ask for Swanson or Morrow Give recommendations and fee
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
the girls on the magazine covers wear GLENTEX SCARFS You'll look like a girl on a magazine cover when you tie a spectacular square of sheet imported wool Or hand-rolled silk around your head, peasant fashion, or twist a vivid scarf or ascot casually around your throat, scarft are so authentically styled, so finely made, they’re the choice of the most lashioik cooseious women of the country. LOCB&HCNC COMPANY
$4.38
Sunday, November 13, 1933
mm
)pmaa / Rv Dftrothv
By Dorothy Miller
$22.50 Topcoats, Overcoats, Tuxedos and Suits, tailored to your liking. Jordan-Brown and Sons will be at the Fowler Hotel, November 9 and 10 to display woolen fabrics and tailored clothes.
WANTED—Your laundry. Phone 36614.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—K. E. Duplex Name inside cover. Reward. Phone Prange 36484
ROOMS FOR RENT ROOM FOR STUDENT: New house, new bed, on car line, air-conditioned heat, recreation room. Tel. 35271, 110 E. Stadium Ave.
Have you met Pamela? That’s the name of the shoe with the new hooded heel. The heel-covering, the back of the shoe, and the tie are all cut in one piece. The two ends of the seamless heel-covering knot over the instep. It’s radical, but it’s new! —S— Combs of tortoise shell, combs of amber, combs set with pearls, and combs set with diamonds, flowered combs and beaded combs! The upswept hairdress needs something to hold it up, and the comb manufacturers (plus jewelers and gadget makers) are just taking advantage of the situation. The extreme opposite of simplicity is being stressed. The gaudier the comb is, the more fashionable it is. One such atrocity consists of a pink rose, a blue ostrich feather, a leaf, and a bow of black ribbon. Remember when you buy your combs that your head was never intended to be a bird sanctuary or a flower garden! —S— Charms, charms, charms! They’re still dangling from bracelets, but that’s not all. They are trailing on your zippers, pinned to your lapel, or strung together on your necklace. They have spattered themselves over gauntlets, compacts, belts, and bags. You can now purchase a most charming matching set consisting of bag, gloves, belt, and even a matching compact. The charm bracelets have, by no means, been put in the background. New ideas are constantly in production. A collector’s item came o'^t recently—copper, brass, and aluminum tax tokens of the southern and western states. One bracelet has thumbnail copies of four magazines dangling on it. On another are miniature packages of cigarettes, Still other charms used are dice, playing cards, numerals, letters of the alphabet, footballs, baseballs, basketballs, and all kinds of animals. —S— Have you noticed the new shades, tints and overtones in nail polish? And have you used these new colors to your best advantage? Such a minor variation as an overtone effect, may enhance or detract from
your appearance. So don’t let the wide range df ‘colors which Jrou can choose from confuse you! You can’t change the natural flesh color of your hands; therefore choose a tone of nail polish which will blend with your skin. The polish should also blend with your lipstick. If your lipstick is a red red, don’t ever use an orangey nail polish to go with it. Test the color combination of your dress and nail polish. Do they look just right together, or do they seem out of harmony with one another? Be sure to make your test under the light that you’re going to wear the colors under. A color under artificial light looks very different from that same color in day light. Get the nail polish that’s just right for you. Use as much care and discrimination in choosing your nail polish as you use in choosing your clothes. —S— Treat yourself to one of the very smart new jackets. They’re just so very very. You can brighten any sombre woolen with a dashing, snugly-fitted suede. And they are really just the thing for this “inbetween” weather. You can get the sweater effect from a knit, or the more strictly jacket effect from a velveteen. 130 PIA Members... . . . and guests met at the Union at 7:30 last night to attend the Hay Ride. About 130 people attended, and refreshments were served after the ride. Bob Bowler, PIA activities chairman, was in charge of the arrangements.
Horseback Ridingr: All co-eds takingr advanced riding meet at Women’s Gym Wednesday, November 16, at 4 p. m. H weather is unfavorable, meet Thursday, November 17, at 4 p. m. —KNIGHT.
m. in room F of the Union Building. —McINTOSH.
PIA Dance Classes: Class scheduled for Women’s Gym Monday, November 14. Please be prompt. —HEINE,
• CosihopoIita^Glah: Yery lAulurijilait busis ness meeting Wednesday, November 16, at 7:80 in room B of the Union. Debris pictura will be taken immediately after the meeti ing. All members are asked to arrange to pay their dues with the treasurer at or before the meeting. —AYASUN.
Foreign St^idents: Students of other lands are invited to attend the world fellowship banquet at the Lafayette Christian Church Wednesday, November 16, at 6 p m. —HUNTER.
Beginners Code Class: Meeting Monday, November 14 at 4 p. m. in room 264 Electrical Engineering Building. —THOMPSON.
Modem Dance Groups: Joint meeting of advanced and beginning groups Monday, November 14 at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gymnasium. —NEWMAN.
Alpha Zeta Pledges: Meet in room 116 of Agriculture Hall Monday, November 14, at 4 p. m. —STONAKER.
Catalyst Club: Initiation will be held at Delta Tjau Delta fraternity, Wednesday, November 16, at 6 :30. Please be on time. —CRAIG.
Graduate Forum: Meet Sunday, November 13, at 6 iSO in Wesley Foundation. Prof. Lee will speak on "China.” —Foote.
Undergraduate Dames Club: Club will have formal initiation Tuesday, November 16, at 6:80. Phone Byrdina Wallace for reservations by November 13. —BEUOY.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, November 15, at 7:80 p.
N&iices
WSGA Sophomores: There will be no WSGA Training School this week either on Tuesday or Thursday due to the Conference on Contemporary Culture (11-17) —LEAMING. Activity Bureau Sophomores: All members of my committee please report to me with your completed part'of the Activities Bureau Book at 4 p. m. in room F of the Union Monday, November 14. —BREUER
Scrivener: Guest meeting Sunday, Novem13, at 7 ’30 p. m. at the home of Dr. Sutcliffe, 326 Chauneey avenue. Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN. Activities Bureau Sophomores: A picture of the bureau sophomores will be taken for the 1939 Debris at 8:05 p. m. Wednesday, November 16, in the Tower Room. All sophomores be there on time —BREUER.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side ol Square SHEAFFER, PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• ioekstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REiSNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This IS all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Florists
• Shoe Repair
ROTH FLORIST Phones 7955—8050 635 main street
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
• Professional
• Locksmith
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A RISK—D 0 S HAROLD J RISK—D.DS. LUTHER A. RISK—DD.S Schultz Building 4th and Main Phone 5701
\ "C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19y2 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Tailor
sparrendahl — tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
HOW!
Some habits, when started, are hard to stop. May we suggest that drinking mitk is a habit that can do no wrong; on the other hand, wiit do you att manner of good, tts nourishing, heaithy goodness witt buitd you up and keep you fit. SUNSHINE FARMS
807 North 4th
Phone 5015
’f
WSGA: House president council meeting Tuesday, November 16, at 4 p. m. in room B of the Union —JAKES.
Independent Students: Anyone interested in working on Purdue Wabd Association contact one of us either at 75742 or PIA office. (11-13) —SHELLHAMER, SHERMAN.
Co-ed Swimmers: Of Ward 2 (north of State street and east of Northwestern) who wish to enter aquacade relays give name to Mona Balcom at 2430 by Wednesday, November 16. —BALCOM.
Hifle Shooters: All men interested in forming a Rifle Team meet in room 104 of the Fieldhouae at 7:80 p. m., Tuesday, November 15. -FAIRBANKS.
Motorcycle Riders: Road run to Portland Arch planned for Sunday, November 18. Meet at Budge’s Cycle Shop at 10:80 a. m. Bring lunch and dates. —KEYS. AIChE: There will be a business meeting at 7:15 Tuesday, November 16, in the faculty lounge of the Union. -JACOBI. Library Locker Holders: Report to Librarian’s office, using card wired to your looker. Lookers not reported by December 1 will be considered as not in use, and the lock will be out off. —HEPBURN.