Vj - 7 ? ^r # .
7T$ f fZ^'f^f
T"
F O O T B ALL
E Y T D li jRk JL XIL Jmm
the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, ladiana, Sunday, October 3, 1937
NUMBER 18
Buckeyes Turn Back Purdue, 13-0
The Week’s NEWS
Washington “I did join the Klan. I later resigned. I never rejoined,” came silent, grim Justice Hugo Black’s answer to an inquiring America over one of the greatest of nation wide radio networks Friday night. From Reconstruction Finance Council Claude Hamilton’s quiet home in Washington, Justice Black, in 12 minutes and with less than a thousand words, brought to a climax the issue raised August 17, the day of his Supreme Court confirmation by the Senate. It was but Wednesday that Biack put in at Norfolk, Va., arriving home from his much interrupted European vacation. Tomorrow he will assume his duties at his office in the Supreme Court building. “When this statement is ended,” Black concluded, “my discussion of the question is closed.” Continuing his cross country inspection trip this week. President Roosevelt officially dedicated the new Bonneville dam on the Columbia river at Bonneville, Ore., Tuesday. After a 2,000 word speech from a bunting and flag decked stand at the dam administration building, the President pressed a button throwing into operation the first turbine in this new $51,000,000 administration directed project. Twenty-one guns boomed a salute to the President’s destroyer, Phelps, as it nosed in at Ogden Point, Victoria, B. C., Thursday, Five thousand lined the rain-drenched dock and 40,000 stood along the routfe to the province capital as the chief executive of the United States carried word of peace, good will, and friendliness to Canada, Mrs. Roosevelt left the party Friday at Seattle, Wash., to be whisked to New York by plane in order to keep an engagement. The President is continuing his tour, viewing dams, forests, and CCC camps in the west. He will return to Chicago Tuesday to dedicate the city’s new outer drive bridge, and will arrive back at the White House Wednesday. National Kidnapers who eight days ago snatched affluent 72-year-old Chas. S. Ross from his homeward bound auto have thus far failed to name ransom demands on the retired Chicago valentine manufacturer. Accompanying Ross was Florence Friehage, his former secretary, who tells how three men forced Ross to change cars, asked her if he could stand a $250,000 “touch.” Federal agents joined the search for Ross Tuesday. Wednesday a special delivery penciled note spurred investigation, but police soon filed it with numerous other crank letters.
Death Tuesday perpetuated the five year sleep of Oak Park, Ill.’s, “sleeping beauty,” Patricia Maguire. After an abdominal tumor operation last Sunday, bronchial pneumonia set in, defeating the efforts of doctors and two blood donors from Oak Park’s police. Medical science tried serums, transfusions, artificiaJ^^ fevers, and drugs, but failed to solve the mystery of her uninterrupted slumber.
Two steam-pipe explosions and a three-hour fire destroyed $160,000 worth of a ifour-story Swift & Co. building in the heart of Chicago’s (Contipued on page 4)
Students Will Have' Three Opportunities To View Varsity Show Tickets for the Pontiac Varsity Show to be broadcast from the Memorial Gymnasium Friday at 8 p. m., will be distributed to students at a special desk in the lobby of the Memorial Unign Building from 11 a. m. to 10 p. m. tomorrow only. There will be 2,500 to 3,000 seats avalilable, but none will be reserved. When the tickets for these seats 'are gone, tickets for the preview at 8 p.m. Thursday will be distributed. If the students take all of these, then tickets for the dress rehearsal at 5 p. m. Friday, will be given out. Tickets For Public Tuesday and Wednesday from 11 a. m. to 10 p. m. the general public may apply at the desk in the Union lobby for any tickets which may be left after the students have received theirs. Students will not be able to get any tickets after 10 p. m. Monday. E. B. Baugh, chairman of the ticket committee, stated yesterday that it was probable students would have to present their “passports” and have it marked in some way when they applied for tickets. Students will not be allowed to attend more than one of the programs, but must make their choice of the broadcast, preview, or dress rehearsal. Dean Potter To Discuss Purdue Engineer Policies Dean of engineering A. A. Potter will lead an informal discussion on the policies of the Purdue Engineer, engineering publication, at a meeting of the Engineer staff tomorrow night at 7:15 in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. The meeting is being held to acquaint freshmen or sophomores interested in work on the Engineer’s business or editorial staff with the work connected-with the publication of the magazine. Union Plans Book Program Fortnightly Browsing Room programs consisting of lectures, discussions and literary meetings have already been formulated by Student Union officials for the present year. University Librarian L. W. Josselyn will inaugurate this series, speaking in the Union Building Wednesday on “Seven Joys of Reading.” Following this address, Josselyn will describe the mechanical phase of book production.
OTHER SCORES
0.
50,000 See Ohio State's Passes Baffle Boilermakers In Conference Opener
By Dick Obenchain, Sports Editor
Ohio Stadium, Columbus, 0., Oct. 2—Over 50,000 spectators saw the Ohio State football squad overpower the Purdue Boilermakers, 13 to 0, here this afternoon in a game filled With passes, both lateral and forward, and wide open field play. Spectators who saw the Texas Christian-Ohio ■ State game of last Saturday were amazed as the conservative team of that game opened up today with triple lateral passes, and other exhibitions of Coach Schmidt’s razzle-dazzle. The Buckeye’s strong forward wall decided the game as they repeatedly opened up the tiring Purdue line in the second half allowing their backs to go for long gains.
I^urdue Plays Frantically The Purdue squad played frantically during the last quarter in an effort to overcome the Ohio State lead and the result was disastrous. Interceptions and recovered fumbles were frequent in this per-
iod of play.
Scboendaum kicks off for Ohio. Isbell receives and is downed on
Purdue’s 19.
Brock goes around right end to Purdue’s 46, to find the pla^ called back and Purdue penalized for off
side.
Isbell runs around right end to 15 yard line. Isbell hands ball to Brock who goes off tackle for four yards. Isbell punts to Kabealo who takes it on his own 40 and runs back to the 49 marker. Rabb of Ohio picks up two yards, then picks up two more on a lateral from Kabealo. Rabb fumbles, Kabealo recovers on 50 yard stripe, with 4 yard loss. Kabealo punts. Crow downs ball on Purdue 13. Brock makes no gain in two tries. Isbell punts out of bounds on Ohio’s 44 yard line. Rabb breaks through line and laterals to McDonald who is run out of bounds on Purdue 30. McDonald fails to gain on next play. Kabealo passes to McDonald; incomplete Kabealo picks up half a yard through left tackle. Laterals—Rabb to McDonald to Kabealo to McDonald—^brings Ohio to Purdue’s 28. Ohio loses ball on downs. Isbell passes to Zachary, complete on Purdue’s 46. Brock hands ball to Juska who goes through center for 7 yards. Brock tries fake spinner through center ■with no gain. Isbell passes to Powell—^incomplete. Isbell punts out of bounds on Ohio’s 23. Rabb crashes right tackle for 3 yards. Kabealo goes around right end for seven yayds, is downed by Isbell. Kabealo shovel passes to Ream, incomplete. Rabb tries left guard for four yards. Kabealo punts
Notre Dame, 21; Drake, 0. Nebraska, 14; Minnesota, 9. N. Y. U., 18; Carnegie Tech, 14. Wisconsin, 6; Marquette, 0. Northwestern, 26; Iowa State, 0.
Illinois, 0; De Paul, 0.
Fordham, 66; Franklin Marshall, Michigan State, 19; Michigan, 14.
Yale, 26; Maine, 0.
Boston U., 33; Lehigh, 6.
Aimy, 21; Clemson, 6.
^Cornell, 40; Colgate, 6.
Navy, 32; Citadel, 0. Duke, 34; Davidson, 6.
Pittsburgh, 20; W. Virginia, 0. Georgia, 13; South Carolina, 7. North Carolina, 20; N. C. State, 0. DePauw, 20; Rose Poly, 0.
All churches today are holding special communion services for students at their morning worship services. West Side Baptist: Sunday School cl^ss will be taught by Dean Fisher at 9:30. The social hour of the Roger Williams Club at 6:30 p. m. will be in the nature of a circus with Ted Feucht as the ringleader. A light supper follows at 6 o’clock, and Victor H. Davidson, state cooperative and community specialist, will speak at the discussion group at 6:30. Wesl|>Bide Methodist: Prof. T. K. Noss, on the University sociology departmmt, will teach the men’s SundayySchool class at 9:30 a. m. on the subject of “Social Christians.” Mrs. McFadden will teach the women’s class at the Wesley Foundation. Social hour will be held at the Foundation at 6 o’clock and
a light supper will be served. The subject at Epworth League at 6:30 will be “Lake Geneva,” with talks by Bob Ferguson, Larry Thie, Robert Schnell, and Roland White. Central Presbyterian; Rev. J. W. Findley, student pastoY, will teach the Sunday School class at 9:30 a. m. The Sunday Evening Club will meet at 6:30 to hear Professor “Charlie” Murphy speak on the subject “Neutrality And The War In The East.” First Christian: At the Sunday School Class at 9:30 a. m.. Prof. V. G. Freeman, of the University agricultural department, will continue a series of talks on the subject “The Life of Christ.” A social hour will be held at 6:30, and will be followed by a discussion meeting at 6:30 at which Harold Gripe will lead on the subject “Morals, Old And New.”
to Schreyer who downs ball on Pur-
due’s 19.
Juska hits left guard for three yards. Brock goes through left tackle for first down on Purdue’s 31. Cec Isbell tries right tackle for
no gain.
Purdue time out. Isbell fades for long pass to Zachary but fails to complete. Brock hits right guard for no gain. Gee punts out of bounds to Purdue’s 47. Rabb passes to Bartschy, incomplete. Hennis goes in for Gody Isbell. Purdue time out. Rabb laterals to Wasylik, Wasylik replies with long pass back to Rabb who is stopped on Purdue’s 30. Three laterals followed: Wasylik to Bartschy, to Rabb to Wasylik for a three yard loss. Rabb hands ball to Wasylik who passes back to Rabb who gets to Purdue 1^. Wasylik fumbles, recovers for six yard loss. Wedebrook loses yard on pext play. Rabb’s lateral to Wedebrook for no gain. First quarter ends, score 0-0. With the ball on Purdue’s 20, Schoenbaum attempts a place-kick but ball hits upright. Purdue’s ball on their 20. Isbell loses a yard. Hennis to Brock for no gain. Ohio State suffers five yard off-side penalty. Isbell goes around left end to 31 yard line and first down. Isbell’s flip to DeWitte loses seven yards. Wedebrook intercepts Isbell’s pass to Krause on Purdue’s 43. McDonald laterals to Wasylik who makes the 25 yard line. Wasylik blasts through to the 17. Fordham, newly substituted, loses one yard. Wedebrook loses three. Wasylik passes to Fordham who goes to Purdue’s 14 and first down. Wedebrook loses five yards to Purdue 19. Sordham brings ball back to the 16 yard line. Wasylik’s pass to Fordham incomplete. Schoenbaum place-kicks bpt makes no goal. Purdue gets ball on its own 20. Isbell hands ball to Brock who fumbles. DeWitte recovers fox’^ two yard loss. Isbell tries pass to Zachary but misses. Isbell punts to Wasylik who is brought down midfield. (Gontinued on page 4)
Enrollment Breaks All Records With 6^176 Registration Over six thousand students registered in the University this fall, breaking all previous enrollment records, the registrar’s office announced yesterday. October 1, final date for registi-ation, saw 6,176 students registered, a 12 per cent gain over last year’s 5,507 total. Consequently, substantial gains in enrollment were shown in all schools of the University, engineering leading. There are now 3,433 engineering students, bettering last fall’s enrollment by 400. Co-ed enrollment increased to 1,050 from last year’s 944. The freshman class this fall numbered 2,100; 2,098 last year. Debate Trials Start Tuesday Evening At 4 Debate aspirants interested in trying out for positions on the varsity debate squad should report Tuesday at 4 p. m. in room 301 of University Hall, L. S. Winch of the speech department said yesterday. Students desiring positions on the squad will be required to give a five minute talk on some phase of the subject “Resolved: That the Several States Should Adopt a Unicameral System of Legislation.” This subject has been selected by the Big Ten debate league for this fall’s debates. Several members of last year’s debate squad who are back on the campus are expected to try out in preparation for the coming conference debates. Union Officials Organize Hobby Club For Students Organized this year as one of the new activities on the Purdue Student Union expanded pi'ogram. Hobby Club has been created to acquaint students interested in various hobbies with each other and with the different hobbies. Plans are at present being formulated to contact people engaged in novel hobbies in order to affiliate them with the club. All students who ai^ interested in some hobby and womd like to join Hobby Club should contact A. P. Taylor.
Open House Teas Begin Formal Co-ed Rushing Programs Open-house teas at the six sorority houses opened the formal women’s Pan-Hellenic rush week yesterday afternoon from 3 to 6 o'clock. At 2:15 preceding the teas, a meeting of all rushees and the rush captains was held in the women’s lounge of the Memoiial Union Building. At this meeting plans for the week and the rush rules were explained/]^y the Pan-Hellenic officials. Alpha Chi Omega At the Alpha Chi Omega house on University Street the rushees were met by a receiving line consisting of Miss Lela Gaddis, Miss Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, Cue Holden, house president, and Frances Eastburn, rush captain. The house was decorated in axitumn flowei-s of pastel shades. At the white-decked tea table Mrs. William Dresser, Mrs. Stanley Green, Mrs. Paul Vollinger and Mrs. James Williams poured. Alpha Xi Delta’s double blue and gold colors and the sorority flowers, roses, decorated the house where guests were received by Eimestine Brown, Catherine Ann Cromer, house president, Mrs. Mae Gray, house mother, Mrs. Frank Cason, and Miss Bee Schweiger, who wore corsages, gifts of the chapter. In the dining room Mrs. Trimble, Mrs. S. T. Cromer, Mrs. Radcliff, and Miss Ruth Jordan poured as Rosamond Stigleman, S. ’37, and Silvia Mills served. Chi Omega Autumn decorations of cardinal and ^ straw were carried out to the flowers and mints at the Chi Omega house, where Mrs. M. L. (jjevitt, Mrs. G. A. Hawkins, and Mrs. R. B. Crepps poured tea as chapter members served. Alumnae of Kappa Alpha Theta, Mrs. Charles Robinson, Mrs. Henry Poor, Miss Libby Boor, Miss Edith Gamble, Miss Mary Elizabeth Skinner, and Miss Betty Bauer poured tea at the local chapter house on Littleton street for the rush guests. Autumn colors of rust and old gold decorated the living room and dining room where Theta actives served. Meanwhile, Kappa Kappa Gamma members were assisted in serving rushees by the Misses Vinton Taylor, Julia Horner, Mary P^-ances (Continued on page 4)
Jazz, Hot Music, Beat Of Tom-Tom—f That’s Swing Music Says Red Nichols
By Bill Robson . %
As the term “svdng band” has grovm in popularity the last few years, it is used rather haphazardly
in most cases.
“Swing,” according to “Red” Nichols, who played at the combined fraternity pledge dance at Lincoln Lodge last night, “is a coined phrase which denotes a combination of jazz and hot music 'with all phrases and terms pertaining to that type of music and carrying the' basic rhythmic beat of the tom-tom, coupled with the imaginative brain
of the musician.”
Goodman Played With Him . “Red” Nichols is thought of mainly as a band leader, but he is also a pei'sonality. After a music apprenticeship as a trumpet player in the Culver Military Academy band, he organized an orchestra called “ ‘Red’ Nichols and His Vive Pennies,” of which Jimmy^ Doi'sey was
an original member. Later, Benny Goodman, the now-crowned King of Swing, and several other men who have gained prominence in the swing world played with “Red.” Personally, “Red” Nichols is a cordial fellow. He recalls his engagement here four yeai's ago at The .Union with great pleasxtre and he enjoys playing for Purdue students. He says that they are good dancers, gentlemen, and aware of the more valuable side of life. Sails His Sloop Nichols is a family man. He lives in Forest Hills, the scene of the Davis Cup Tennis matches, but his hobby is sailing his sloop, whenever his popularity allows him a few days of rest. He follows football and prophesies a good year for PurdnOk Tonight, his band plays at South Bend, from there they go to The Pan-American Exposition ip Texas, The Palemar in California, aUd then they wilt return to New York <Jit?.\
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, October 3, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
^sectnted (jelkaiatr *3^rcgg
REPRESENTED FOR NAIiCNAU ADVERTISING BY NationalAdvertlsi^gServiceJiic. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York, N. Y CHICAGO - BOSTON - LOS ANGgCES ■ SAN FRANCISCO
Editorial Phone 6037 Campus Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 pes year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion
This newspaper ig written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in It, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide T^ith the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Editorial Staff
MANAGING EDITOR
J. E Brock
ASSOCIATE EDITORS D A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS L. C. Farqvfhar, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A Kroeplin, D. L. Olson, B T. Loveridge, G. A. Torrence, A B. Keller, R. J. Deckard, D. Paarlberg, G. J. Tafel, D G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson.
Co-ed Staff
Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
CO-ED EDITOR ASSOCIATE EDITORS
Sally McKee.
SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS . Mary Davis, Patricia Heine, Patricia Henry, Alice Martens, Yvonne Price, Mildred Ross, Emily Sawdon, Georganne Schilling, Helen Steffee, Katherine Thrasher, Betty Wickard, Joan Wimborough.
BUSINESS MANAGER D. C. Miller Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER J. P. Girard Local Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER _ R. R. Hensler SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS E. A. Antonini, W. A. Beman, V. R. Daugherty, H. R. Gingher. National Advertising Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. Gillilan SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS . J. R. Fouts, J. R. Drever, H. W. Nevin. Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER M. C. Reeves SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS - W. F. Berg, R. L. Lippman, O. E. Lorenz, W. E. Smith. Sports Staff i SPORTS EDITOR . R. F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS. J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer. SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS G. W. Bruer, C. W. Brown, J. Collins, W. H. Murray, W. F. Qualls, J. A. Hebbeler.
—^
NIGHT EDITOR
Hardin Sunday, October 3 ISSUE EDITOR
Kroeplin
Education Eor Sale (From The Daily Illini) “Literally scores and hundreds of colleges, especially in the Middle West, founded years ago under Christian auspices, have remained small struggling institutions and have ‘let down the bars’ because they were small and needed students to fill their college halls.” So says J. Oliver Buswell, Jr., president of Wheaton College, and the evidence is all on his side. Amazing indeed are the practices resorted to. Another college executive, Charles J. Turck, former president of Centre College, asserts that “the business world has few practices in unethical competition which cannot be duplicated among the American colleges.” Mr. Turck ought to know. He headed a committee to investigate these abuses. In the current issue of Scribner’s, John R. Tunis reveals some of them. Even “gangster methods” are employed. At an Indiana college last fall three freshmen, already registered, were kidnapped by field agents, trantsported to another college. There they were offered greater inducements. There they signed up. inducements. There they signed up. Scholarships are freely handed out. High-pressure field agents are employed. Bulletins stressing that “college life is not all study” are issued. “Anything goes.” “The majority of educational institutions depend either entirely or to some extent upon moneys taken
in from students to help balance the budget,” explains Mr. Tunis. “Today competition has become so intense that if a boy really wants a degree and isn’t especially particular where it comes from, there’s no reason for him to pay cash for it” if he shows any possibilities of dragging along some friends or classmates. This is indeed a serious charge against higher education in America. It is almost incredible that so many educational institutions could sink so low. There is a legitimate place for the field agent, Mr. Tunis hastens to point out in his Scribner’s article (which everyone interested in colleges and universities should read). They should act as counselors rather than high-pressure salesmen. “In the midst of the claims and shouting of hundreds of colleges and universities,” he explains, “the undergraduate-to-be and his parents need advice, guidance and information more than ever. The field agent who furnishes this disinterested advice, who visits the boy’s home and finds out whether he really IS college material, would be invaluable. “When the work of a college representative in the field is honest, when it is guidance and not exploitation, he has a useful function to perform. “When he tries to find out what the candidate wants, what he is fitted for, and advises him as to the kind of place he should enter, he is assisting not only the boy but also the college and higher education.” If colleges cannot attract enough students by honest methods, they have no justification for existence. Either they should improve themselves and so attract students by their excellence, or they should close their doors.
MARS—Double Or Nothing Sunday through Wednesday Bing Crosby with the grand sidekick Martha Raye, doubling entertainment in a show built on a double-everythmg plot, make a picture good as usual. A chance at a million from a freak millionaire — if he can double his first gift—makes Bing work. Songs sung in a trick night club, a hamburger stand, in automobiles, enliven the show. The Calgary brothers—comedian team new to the screen—gravelvoiced Andy Devine, and Mary Carlisle, second time Crosby leading lady, inter-stooge gracefully for and with each other. Somewhere along the line the audience suspects a good director. LUNA—That Certain Woman Sunday through Wednesday
ARC
Today — Tomorrow GLORIOUS UPROARIOUS COMEDY DRAMA! “A FAMILY AFFAIR” with Lionel Barrymore Cecilia Parker il<ric Linden, Mickej Kooney, MGM Cast —PLUS— MAE WEST , in “GO WEST YOUNG MAN” with Warren William, Randolph Scott
Bette Davis in her most recent picture again portrays a woman of hard experience raising herself by her bootstraps and the able assistance of two men who love her. Henry Fonda co-stars as a playboy hero who has intestinal fortitude but often needs a mother’s guidance. Hugh O’Connell as a movie reporter, Anita Louise as the unfortunate wife, and Ian Hunter as a helping hand for Bette Davis, lend good support. FAMILY—A Day at the Races Sunday-Monday Again the Marx Brothers will revive the “Thank you! Thank you!” fad in their comedy in which a horse saves the boys and a hospital. Romance, the blonde seductress usual for dear old Harpo (Hugo Z. Hackenbush to you), Groucho and Chico’s clowning bring many amusing moments through the show.
IT'S A HdESE ON US if the mad Maries don't bring you the grandest musical fun show of the year!
STARTS TODAY
I4MILY-
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Three boys strolling through the campus Saturday morning at 1 o’clock, singing in the hazy air . . . dates left at the residence halls, muscles warm from the gymnatics of the dance, boys happy, in a new contentment . . . Suddenly one of them, looking over the oval at the trees silhouetted against State street lights exclaims, “It’s beautiful,” in surprise. Inarticulate engineers, their charm and appeal, are evidenced by the tale of the lad who spoke sweetly to his date, “Your eyes are soft as doe’s eyes . . No response. “Have you ever seen a doe’s eyes ?” Date, thrilled at possibility of a compliment, “No.” “Well, a doe’s eyes are big and soft and brown—like a cow’s, but not so stupid.” Pi Kapps are among the first to offer the Big Apple dance to the campus. The men may ai'range to give lessons—at a price. Big Apple dancers are crazy about the vigor of the steps, and say it is the first dance in years with real individuality, pep, and swing. It was Archie the Cochroach who fell into the stew to get a warm bath and a bite to eat. Eds seem to have more group fashion sense than co-eds, if the number of bright flannel plaid shirts are valid indicators. Why don’t coeds originate some article of dress distinctly their own and Purduevian ? Gay scarves tied around sweater elbows as guards might equal Vassar’s Brooks sweaters, Michigan’s and Illinois’ white saddle gunboats, Indiana’s high heeled campus shoes, Swarthmore’s head peasant scarves. The Mars pass goes to the guy or gal who thinks of a good style quirk for the increasingly important co-ed. Grill loom gore: The chuckling waitress explained to a patron that one of the girls had cut her hand and gone to Charlie the barber for first aid. The injured girl remarked next time she would cut it clear off, to which Charlie replied, “You’ll have to bring both pieces, or I can’t do you any good.” Chuckling waitress then swatted one of the many Grill room flies and asked the patron’s order.
STARTS TODAY
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Copr. J9S7 by Cnltei Feature Syndicate, Ine 9.5^
‘Another begging letter, Sir—from the Income Tax Bureau.”
— PLUS — A RAGING TORRENT OF PASSIONATE DRAMA JOAN CRAWFORD in “RAIN” with WALTER HUSTON—GUY KIBBEE—AVM. GARGAN
STARTS TODAY
Put a Lifetime of Love In a One-Day Marriage!Sunday. October 3^ 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Boilermaker B Team Loses To Notre Dame, 13 To 8
IF YOU HAVE, AND DON’T WANT TO HAVE; OR DON’T WANT TO HAVE, AND HAVE — Use the Exponent Classified Column to let others know.
Indianapolis public schools announced this week an enrollment decline of 600 in beginner classes, explaining that “depression babies” have begun to reach school age. This decline accompanies a decrease in the birth rate—by-product of the depression. Since 1931 the birth rate has decreased from 18 to 15 babies per 1,000 persons.
• the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
— Bookstores —
— Florist —
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
dioJth
Inc.
636 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955—8050
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
— Beauty Studio —
•
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
•
Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic ' DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
— Hardware —
— Furniture —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Student Equipment
J-juJmiJtuM Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
\\\
I AM
REGISTERED AT THE UNION is usually said with more ian pride. Often it means joy for the loving care
and
THOUGHTFULNESS of Someone Who Wants His Guest to Have THE BEST
Telephone and Bath in Every Room THE UNION CLUB
JhL PwvdwL TYlsiyrufwcdL UniofL
Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
Purdue Gridders To Meet Rejuvenated Carnegie Tech Team
Purdue’s gridiron warriors, far from being granted ariy respite following the strenuous Big Ten opener with Ohio State, will be battling for intersectional honors here next Saturday against the rejuvenated Carnegie Tech eleven in the annual Homecoming encounter. The combination of a game that will match power against deception, along with gay decorations, special band formations, and class reunions is expected to attract a gala crowd to the Ross-Ade Stadium for the sixth renewal of the colorful intersectional series. Coached By New Staff Always noted for their stout defensive play, which has held the Boilermakers scoreless for the first half in every game of the series, the Tartans will invade the Ross,Ade Stadium for the first time this year under the direction of a brand new coaching staff transplanted from Pittsburgh to impart new power to the Carnegie attack. Headed by William Kern, Jack. Sutherland’s first assistant at Pitt for years, the new coaching staff has already shown that it has developed a typical Pittsburgh type of pbwe^
offense.
The battles between the Boilermakers and Tartans in the past two seasons have been among the intersectional highlights of the year. Two years ago, Carnegie dampened the enthusiasm of the Homecoming crowd here by turning in a stunning 7 to 0 upset, while last year at Pittsburgh the Boilermakers barely managed to eke out a victory by the margin of a piissed kick after touchdown, 7-6. Fortified With Veterans Carnegie is amply fortified with veteran material in seeking to duplicate the victory they scored on their last visit to Lafayette. Twenty major lettermen, headed by Captain Charles Miskevics, outstanding center, form thp basis for their formidable squad. The Tartan backfield, including Kopesak, Zawacki, Rosenthal, and Lee, has returned to the gridiron wars intact, and ready for what is expected to be one of Carnegie’s greatest years.
Fielder’s Choice
By Bill Fifield Purdue still has neither defeated nor scored on the Ohio State Buckeyes. The Boilermakers were simply out played yesterday. Time and time again the Ohio forwards opened tremendous holes in the Purdue line. Again and again the Boilermaker defense was completely baffled by Ohio’s laterals and shovel passes. —fc— Andy Grant, Marty Schreyer, and Frank Bykowski were the mainstays of the Old Gold and Black forward wall. Cec Isbell’s passing and running kept the Boilermakers in the running as long as they were. —^fc— Fordham, Kabealo, Schoenbaum, and Maggied figured heavily in the Buckeyes’ 13-0 victory. Fordham and Kabealo were particularly important cogs in the Ohio State defense. —^fc— Nebraska 14, Minnesota 9. The Cornhuskers displayed the strongest defense met by a Gopher eleven in the last decade. Coach Bierman’s team had the ball on Nebraska’s three yard line with four tries to make a touchdown, but failed to score. After the players had been ■unpiled from the fourth play, the Gophers had failed to gain an inch.^ Nebraskan Charlie Brock is a sure bet for All-American honors. —^fc— Something new and different in football—the Tulane-Auburn game scheduled yesterday at New Orleans, La., was postponed on account of rain.
WB A A Programs
Purdue Squad Unable To Overcome Early Lead, Power Of Irish Eleven
By Jerry Collins Striking early in the opening period, the Notre Dame B team scored on the Boilermaker B’s after only three minutes of play, and kept up this pace to win, 13-8, this afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium. The Green and White of Notre Dame scored one tally in the first quarter and one in the
Schedules
9
MONDAY Diamond 2 Acacia vs. Delta Chi 3 Delta Tau Delta vs. Lambda Chi Alpha 4 Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Sigma Alpha Mu 6 Theta Xi vs. Pi Kappa Phi 6 Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Kappa
Sigma
7 Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon Kappa Sigma vs. Beta Theta
Pi
Faculty vs. Phi Gamma Delta Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Alpha Chi Rho Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Pi Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Chi Theta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Delta Theta Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Theta Tau Alpha Tau Omega vs. Kappa Delta Rho
MONDAY 11 -00—American Institutions, Professor Robert Phillips. 11 60—Purdue News Flashes 12 00—Agricultural Forum. 12 -16—Luncheon Dance Time 12 :30—Sports Review, Bob Heine 12:46—Don Bowen, Popular Melodies, 1:00—Vera Vickers, Violinist 1:16—Can You Pronounce It? 1:46—^Market and Weather Reports.
SENIOR FACULTY TENNIS Monday—4:15 Morse vs. Ayer Martin vs. Miller Brodsky vs. Billings JUNIOR TENNIS Blitz vs. Oyler Johnson or Richardson vs. Foxworthy or Kosowicz SOPHOMORE Tillson vs. G. R. Frye or L. W. Meyer Berg vs. D. C. Meyer or Woodson
FRESHMAN Powell or Curry vs. Vaughan or Bloom Fleming vs. Brockman Darrow vs. Frey Underwood vs. Hargesheimer Goodwin vs. Reese
For that big date, or for just a casual snack, you'll find your evening more enjoyable when you've supped with us. Better foods—definitely. Better service—positively. Economical prices—absolutely. Make your next date right here—^you'll ) like everything about this popular eating place.
HUTTON'S CAFE
410 FERRY
PHONE 8011
third. Not until the final quarter did the Boilermakers, pac^ ed by Lehr and Herbert, get going and produce a touchdown. Herbert’s long pass to Lehr was responsible for the Gold and Black’s first tally. Liebrecht’s try for the conversion was no good. Touch Back In the last of the final period with only three minutes to go, Purdue garnered another two points on a touchback, when Tuck of Notre Dame fumbled a punt almost on his own goal line. With several minutes to go Purdue’s Coach Sam Voinoff substituted freely in an attempt to overcome the early lead gained by the South Bendmen, but to no avail. The Boilermakers could not break through the stone-wall defense put up by the Irish. Listless Playing Both teams played listless ball most of the game except in the last minutes of play, when the Boilermakers could see a chance for victory and the Irish were determined that there should not be a break.
Starting
Lineups
Notre Dapie
Purdue
Arboit, le
Lehr, le
O’Neill, It
Dilts, It
Karr, Ig
K. Diehl, Ig
Rogenski, c
Mann, c
Fitzgerald, rg
Klika, rg
Sullivan, rt
Johnson, rt
Broscoe, re
Freeman, re
Kelleher, qb
Foster, qb
Tuck, Ih
Montague, Ih
Lynn, rh
Welsch, rh
Binkowski, fb
Liebrecht, fb
University Calendar
—TODAY— Music Room: Musical recordings at 4 p. m. in Music Room of Memorial Union Building. —TOMORROW— Committee on State of the University: Meeting at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Farm Security Administration: Meeting at 8:30 a. m. in the Union faculty lounge. Dinner at 6:15 p. m. in the Union ballroom. —TUESDAY— Agricultural Extension: Meeting at 1 p. m. in the Memorial Union Building ballroom, faculty lounge and rooms 1 and 2. Dinner at 6:15 p. m. in ballroom. Farm Security Administration: Meeting at 10 a. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. Forestry Club: Meeting at 7:30 p. m. in room 109 of the Horticulture Building. PIA Cabaret Party: Tower room of the Union at 7 p. m. Student Senate: Meeting in room C of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m. ' —WEDNESDAY— Agricultural Extension: Meeting at 8 a. m. in the Memorial Union Building, faculty lounge and rooms 1 and 2. Browsing Room: Meeting at 7:30 p. m. in Union faculty lounge. Parmer’s Institute: Dinner at 6:15 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Horticulture Club: Meeting at 7 p. m. in room 202 of the Horticultiue Building. —THURSDAY— Agricultural Extension: Meeting at 8 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Meetings at 10 a. m. in the Memorial Union Building reception room, faculty lounge, and rooms 1 and 2. Banquet at 6:15 p. m. in the Union ballroom. Alumni Affairs Committee: Meeting at 4 p. m. in room B of the Union. Kappa Psi: Smoker at 7 p. m. in the Union reception room. Musical Lecture: Illustrated musical lecture at 7:30 p, m. in the ^ Union Music Room. PIA Program: Independent association program at 7 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union.
I'5 •''"^'•'-’^Ttff.'^?;
Jiw tel
fil |i I ^‘ •' ?l u
V ‘ ■
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Snnflay. October 3» 1937
(Continued from page 1) stockyards Wednesday. Chicago sent one-third of its fire-fighting equipment and personnel to this largest stockyard blaze in three years.
New York’s Giants Thursday assured themselves of their 15th National League baseball pennant when they split a double bill with the Philadelphia Phillies.
Foreign
Foreign intervention in the Spanish war was brought to a head this week by the League'of Nations’ condemnation of Italy’s aid to General Franco. French Foreign Minister Yvon Delbos says France and Great Britain will consider ending the non-intervention Spanish policy and the opening of the French frontier within the next two days, should Mussolini refuse to withdraw his troops from Spain. .Britons like neither the Spanish republic nor General Franco, but they have become distrustful of a German or Italian victory in Spain. While the French will not go to war to prevent a Fascist victory, they are becoming more and more determined to stop Italy and Germany from winning the Spanish War. Five members of the Arab higher committee were arrested Friday, following the slaying of Galilee District Commissioner L. Y. Andrews and his bodyguard Sunday in Jerusalem. Mayor of Jerusaleni Hussein Khalidi was among those taken into custody. Telephone seiwice throughout the Holy Land has been placed under strictest supervision and widespread movements of Bittish troops are being maintained to stop the terrorism which broke out four months ago in Jerusalem. Great Britain’s proposal to divide Palestine into separate Jewish and Arab states, with a third part remaining under British mandate, has failed to win approval from either the Jews or the Arabs. Peace, but not at the price of bolshevisna. Premier Benito Mussolini and Adolph Hitler proclaimed Tuesday as their twin European policy at the close of II Duce’s visit to Berlin. Hitler has decided to support Mussolini in rejecting BritishFrench demands that foreign powers withdraw volunteers from the Spanish Civil War. Members of a League of Nations sub-committee entrusted with outlining the covenants policy in the Sino-Japanese conflict, late this week, viewed with apprehension the word “aggression.^’ China has asked the League to consider her a victim of Japanese aggression — such action would immediately set into operation economic sanctions upon the Nipponese.
Labor CIO’s Automobile Strike Leader'^ Homer Martin announced Wednesday the dismissal of 11 organizers, reportedly for “economy reasons,” and assignment of regional direc-
tors.
Martin has hinted firing of leftwing forces on several occasions but did not identify his most recent action us such. Among the disX missed was Victor Reuther, a lead)er in the General Motors strike last winter. ' In an aftermath of the purge in labor ranks Martin Thursday brandished a .45 caliber gun before a group of pickets protesting the dismissals. When Martin refused to see the pickets, they sent a committee of five men and one woman to the door of the former minister’s suite. Martin appeared with the gun, according to witnesses, and the .picket committee soon left. AFL considered official expulsion of the CIO group this week. Wednesday, Willjam D. Hutcheson, of Indianapolis, hefty leader of the International Brotherhood of Carpenters, added strength to the expulsion dnve when he announced his union would cast its 3,000 convention votes to drive out the Lewis organization from AFL ranks. Ten CIO unions would be affected by the expulsion order. At present they are under suspension. Acting as personal representative of Indiana’s Governor Clifford M. Townsend, State Labor Commissioner Thomas R. Hutson stated Friday he would attempt to “sound out” sentiment of AFL leaders toward possible reunion with CIO.
War
With 600,000 troops mobilized, 340,000 of them comprising the North China Expeditionary Force, Japanese officers and the foreign office announced Tuesday they were in China for a fight to the finish. All week Japanese transports carried unending streams of munitions and food-stuffs to China. Determined to make this latest, and what they hope is their last big push, Japanese troops brought forth all latest resources, prominent among which were German Krupp guns, from their bag of military tricks. Coincident with Japanese announcement of their big push came word Tuesday the new Chinese Eighth Route A-^my had destroyed two Japanese columns at Latung, 170 miles west of Peiping. These were the same 100,000 veterans vfho had for ten years fought the Chinese Nationalist government as the Communist army under the able general Chu Teh. The first light of dawn Tuesday spoiled plans for 20 Chinese soldiers attempting to maneuver a floating mine into place alongside the Japanese flagship Idzumo. The Idzumo was lying at anchor about 300 yards from the United States cruisei' Augusta in the Yangzte river off the International Settlement in Shanghai. Comrades on shore touched off the mine and blew the twenty to bits rather than let them be captured or killed by Japanese bluejackets on the Idzumo. Bombing of Nanking continued after a day’s rain had kept Japanese planes on the ground Wednesday. Thirty-six planes destroyed the million dollar utilities plant and 80 more bombed the suburbs of the city later in the day. Russia and Japan were reported to have huge armies massed oh the Siberia-Manchuko border in the gravest situation which has arisen between the two countries since
1932.
Buckeyes Turn Bad Boilermaker Eleven (Continued from page 1) Wasylik laterals to Fordham who gets to Purdue’s 32. McDonald hands ball to Wedebrook who picks up two yards. Fordham crashes through center to the 24. Wasylik tries right end for a two yard setback. Wedebrook picks up four through left tackle. Purdue gets ball on downs. Brock’s spinner loses half a yard. Isbell fumbles and recovers for a five yard loss. Brock hands the ball to Isbell who brings it back to the 20. Isbell punts to Wasylik who takes the ball on his own 45 and is downed on his 48. Fordham jumps right tackle to the Purdue 40. Wasylik to Bartschy who fumbles and recovers for one yard loss. Wasylik on a statute of liberty to Fordham loses two yar^s. MfeDonald passes incomplete to Wasylik. Wedebrook punts out on Purdue’s 21. Purdue fumbles and recovers with nine yards lost. Juska picks up two yards. Isbell passes to Zachary but McDonald intercepts on Purdue’s 46. Fordham breaks through left guard to Purdue’s 4 yard line. Fordham skirts end but loses a yard. Fordham picks up four yards, but Purdue stops him on their own ace line. Fordham bucks Tine twice but Purdue holds their one yard line. Purdue is penalized half distance to goal for too many' time outs as Vergane comes in for Zachary. Isbell punts to Purdue’s 35, Wasy-
lik brings ball bac^to 18.
Half ends with score still 0-0. Ohio State kicks off. Isbell gets ball on his own 5 yard line and brings it up to the 24. Ippolito hits right guard for one yard. Brock goes through left guard to 31. Ippolito tries right tackle for nine yards and first down. Isbell picks up two yards through center. Brock gives ball to Cec Isbell iwho passes to Cody oU the Ohio'44. Brock goes through center for half a 3fard. Ippolito’a drive through tackle nets two yards. Isbell’s pass to Brock intercepted by Nardi on Ohio’s 46. Fordham loses a yard. Fordham hands the ball to Kabealo, who tosses it to Starkman on the Purdue 17. Nardi Through Line Nardi plunges through the line for two yards. Fordham goes through to the 7 yard line. Nardi picks up two yards for first down. Kabealo gains a yard through right tackle. Fordham plunges through center to the one yard line. Kabealo laterals to Nardi who goes over for the first touchdown. Stakle goes in for Ohio long enough to try a conversion. Cody Isbell smothers the kick. Score Ohio State—6, Purdue—0. Ohio kicks off to Isbell who brings the ball back to his "own 35. Brock snags ball from Isbell and goes off left tackle for two yards. Isbell gives ball to Ippolito who makes the 40 yard line. Ippolito plunges through to the 42 yard line. Kabealo takes Isbell’s punt and is downed on his own 31. Kabealo hands ball to Miller who loses two yards trying to break through right
guard.
Kicks Out Of Bounds Fordham, goes through guard to 31 marker. Kabealo is picked off behind scrimmage line on his own 25. Kabealo kicks out of bounds to Purdue’s 45. Brock skirts right end for 11 yards. Brock hands ball to Cec, who passes to brother Cody on Ohio’s 36. IppoKto takes ball through center for no gain. Brock tries right tackle with no success. Cec again passes to bx-other Cody who is stopped on Ohio’s 24. Gee Isbell hits the line for no gain. Isbell takes ball from Brock and tries another pass to Cody. Nax’di intercepts on his own 18. Third Quarter Zadworney hits center for tWo yards. Kabealo punts to Vyverberg on Purdue’s 46. Ippolito picks up two yards throxigh center. Brock crashes left guax’d, gets to Ohio 47. Brock gives the ball to Ippolito who tries center with no gain. Bx’oek kicks out of bounds on Ohio’s 25. Kabealo hits center for one yard. Kabealo latex’als to Zadworney for no gain. Kabealo kicks to Purdue 45. Vyverberg passes to Cody Isbell, but Zadworney intercepts and is finally brought down on Purdue’s 20. Kabealo goes through left tackle for two yards. Fordham hits center for three yards. Kabealo completes pass to Crow in end zone for second touchdown. Schoenbaum kicks extra point from placement. Score Ohio State—^13, Purdue—0. Isbell takes Ohio’s kickoff and is brought down on his own 28. Isbell fails to complete pass to Krause. Cec passes to Cody who attempts lateral but fumbles. Phillips recovers for Ohio State on Purdue’s 49. Wasylik Takes Ball Wasylik takes the ball to Purdue’s 41. Phillips totes the ball to Purdue’s 33. Pux’due penalized five yards for offsides. Fordham hits center for three yards. Fordham repeats gaining two more yards. Phillips tries left tackle for first down. Fordham hits center, getting to the 10 yard line before he is tackled. »
Wasylik hits center for four yards. Phillips picks up three more through the,same hole. Zadworney goes through left tackle for a single yard. Wasylik bucks the line, goes over'for touchdown, is called back for off-side. Ohio State peanlized five yards, back to the Purdue 6 yard line. Ohio Tries Pass Ohio State tries pass. Purdue knocks it down and claims ball^ on downs. Isbell goes through center on a spinner for 20 yards. -A 15 yard penalty on Ohio for roughness puts th^ ball on Purdue’s 41. Cec goes through center for two yards. Brown takes ball from Isbell for five yards. Isbell spins through center for a first down. Britt fakes the ball from Isbell but loses two yards. Brown laterals to Isbell who is thrown back to the 35 yard line. Ohio knocks down Isbell’s pass. White, of Ohio, intercepts an Isbell pass on Purdue’s 46. Phillips fumbles, x*ecovers with one yard loss. Phillips plunges through Centex- as the final gun sounds. Final score: Ohio State—13, Purdue—0. Sorority Co-eds Begin Formal Rushing Program (Continued from page 1) Hunter, Virginia Coyner, Dorothy Ann Canfield, Sax-a Ann Walker, Betty Campbell, Gigi Nevil, and Janet Glatz. Pouring in the dining room were Mrs. Cannon, Mrs. Erisman, Mrs. Morrison, Mrs. Bixler, Mrs. E. F. Johnston, and Mrs. Lynn
Ross.
Pi Beta Phi The advisory board members of Pi Beta Phi, Mrs. Holden, Mrs. Vern Freexnan, Mrs. Trambla and Mrs. H. M. Baldwin, and Miss Lillian Peterson, Miss Jane Lomel, Miss Helen Creech, alumnae, poured at the Pi Phi rush tea. In the x-eceiving line were Mrs. Case, housemother, Georgianna Pittman, Janet Martin, house president, and Dean Mary L. Matthews. Fall colors were carried out in decorations and formals were worn by the actives.
Room double I dium.
For Rent — Single ) each.. Robinson at
$14; Sta-
Wanted — Student washings. Shirts 10c. Free delivery. Phone 76162.
Special
INDIRECT LAMPS 8' RUBBER CORD IVORY OR BRONZE Finished
$1.95
Unfinished Book Cases
Unfinished Student Tables
$1.50 $3.16
Phone 2728
425 Columbia Street
University Students: The following stu., dents are to report to the Student Health Service immediately: Betty Alfred, Mona Balcom, Iris Banta, Lenore Foster, Geraldine Gamer, Thelma Goodman, Martha Henderson'. Patricia Heuring, Helen Harper, Kathleen Jewitt, Mary Jane Lay lor. Mary E. Mather, Marjorie Moore, Louise Newsom, Kuth Osborne, Grace Reinhart, Virginia Ruddy, Dorothy Schilling, Betty Soehner, Edith Smith, Ruth Thelen, Margaret Young, Ruth Yoke. Donald Nau Emra Nay, Raymond Newman, A. S. Niespodziany, J. E. O’Brien, James R. Ogden, Edward O’Reilly, Rodney Ormiston', Robert Ortman, Robert Ostheimer, James Overtree. C. E. Packard, John Papurea, Richard Paul, Paul Pauline, N. A. Phelps, Ralph Phillips, Charles Plank, Bruno PolifrOni, Robert Potter, Lorene Proudfit, William Punnell. Bernard Raish, Robert Ralston, G. H. Rechenbach, 'Trevor Reiley, Richard Rhodes, J. G. Richards, Robert Riley, William Robson, Samuel Rosebraugh, Louis Rossire, Stewart Ruch, C. E. Ruppert, Linus Ruth. Harry Schaefer, D. Reese Scobee, John A. Scott, William Scott, G. G. Scott, John Scribbins, William E. Scherrer, Schulenborg, Malvin Schulz, Robert Schwindler, Babble Shama, David Shannon, Robert Sigler, Ralph Sinisk, William Skelton, E. P. Slick. Harold Smallen, Clenden Smiley, Linton Sniith, Gadae Soloff, Ralph Sperry, William Steffens, Russell Stephenson, Wesley Stevens, John Stevenson, Victor Stine, John Stinerock, Richard Strahl, Earl Streifthau, Elmer H. Stuckey, Robert Stull. John L. Taylor, Roderie Taylor, William P. Taylor, Kenneth ’Thayer, Robert Theard, Carroll Tompson, William Thompson, E. E. Tribbett, James Turley, Thomas J. 'Turner, William Van Arsdol, Arthur Von Glahn, Frederick Verink, Robert Vincent. Robert Wachst, Merle Weatherly, Jack Webb, Robert Wente, James Wetherell, Ronald Wilson, A. B. 'Williamson, J. H. Winchell, William Woffman, Benjamin 1. Wood-
hull. Charles N. Woodhull, Donald^Woodward, Delmer Wright, Fraser Wright. ’Thomas Wynne, Bruce Yates, Fred Young,
John Zajec, Oliver Zittel.
-MILLER.
W. A. A. Hockey: Sophomores and seniors practice on' Mondays and Wednesday at 4 p. m.: freshmen and juniors on T^sdays and Thursdays; open practice on Fri—DOBSON.
W. A. A. Archery: Practice on October 4 at 4 p. m. oil the archery range. —BOEHM.
W. S. G. A. Counselors: Please get your notebook covers in the W. S. G. A. office before jpetober 4 at 6 p. m.
Men’s Glee Club: Important rehearsal in preparation for the NBC Varsity Show on October 4 at 4 p. m. —STEWART.
Union Women Workers: All girls wishing to work on directory, please come to the Union office afternoon of October 3. —WOOD, EASTBURN, TURNER.
Consumers’ Buying Club: Regular monthly business meeting at home of Mrs. G. H. Graves, 227 S. Grant street, October 4 at 2 :30 p. m. —PATTERSON.
Concert Choir: Important rehearsal in preparation for the NBC Varsity Show on October 4 at 4 p. m. * —STEWART.
Purdue Engineer: There will be a meeting of the entire Purdue Engineer staff October 4 at 7:J.6 p. m. in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. Dean Potter will address the staff. —BAALS.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting at 7 :30 p. m. October 4 in room C of the Memorial Union Building. —WALING.
Sophomore Engineers: Drawing plates for semester 1: PM 12, and semester 2: PM 11 and PM 12, may be had at room 202, Michael Golden Shops until October 4. —RISING.
Representatives From Women’s Residence Houses: Meet in W. S. G. A. office on October 6 at 4 p. m. —LEAMING.
Catalyst Club: All members place your nominations for pledges in voting box in Dr. Lovell’s office. Nominations can come from senior members only, and must, be in' by October 11. —BOWMAN.
' Medical Examination Workers: Students who worked at registration physical examinations may get their pay checks at the Student Health Service. —MILLER.
TYPEWEITERS — Addiixg- machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph -work. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
Lost—K & E slide rule on campus Saturday. Loskot—Phone 2601.
FOR SALE—7 tube 1937 model AC-DC table radios,, built-in aerial. $15.00. Retailed for $29.50. Call 45262.
Wanted—Roommate for senior M.E. in large front room. 351 State Phone 46784.
Roommate—Ne-w twin beds, $12. Close to campus. 214 W. Columbia, Phone 61924. ■
To the woman who knows the value of looking her best at all times we announce a coniplete and ultra modern beauty service. Here, professional hair dressers and beauty experts are capable of giving you the best for individual enhancement.
Special price on all permanents Mondays, Tuesdays, and Wednesdays. Also special price on scalp treatments on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Wednesdays. Open Tuesday and Thursday evenings by appointments.
Kienly Beauty Studio
622 Main
Phone 7727
I AROUND THE CLOCK | 1 ' For miSk there is no time for play. It is always working for | 1 your health and safety. At breakfast, lunch, dinner or even | i a midnight snack. Milk is good for you-—Drink lots of it. 1 I SUNSHINE FARMS | I 4th and UNION Sts. PHONE 5015 | ■■Mtnnilfil