Santa Clara, 7 Pittsbuigh, 24 Notre Dahie, 19 Michigan, 14 Ohio State, 32 Chicago, 34 Northwestern, 6 Wisconsin, 6 Missouri, 13 Mich. State, 6 Fordham,13 Army, 7 Illinois, 0 New York U.,0 DePauw, 14 Minnesota, 3 indiana,0 Nebraska, 10
Purdue Exponent
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair today and tomorrow. Warmer tomorrow.
BUSINESS
SUNDAY
October 30,1938
Lafayette, bidiana
VoL 50
No. 41
< First Fight... . . . over the wage-hour bill, which weht into effect last Monday morning at 12:01 a. m., started as Post^ 1 Telegraph Company employees in five cities left posts in a strike Wednesday, Frank Powers, president of Commercial Telegraphers’ Union stated. According to Powers the strike resulted after the company failed to abide by the law providing 48 hours pay for 44 hours work. However * Postal’s vice-president in charge of personnel, J. T. Logue, replied “the company is not only complying with the Federal Wage Hour Bill, but * is doing more than the law requires.” 1938 Motor Taxes .. . ^ ... will exceed by more than $200,000,000 the factory value of all new cars and trucks sold in the United States during the year, it was ret vealed in a recent survey made by petroleum industries committee. New car reistration for 1938 is ^ predicted to exceed 2,300,000, with an average value o $600, totaling $1,380,000,000 while the year’s automotive tax bill amounts to $1,600,- * 000,000. Ford, Chrysler . . . . .. motor companies signed consent * decrees to end prosecution on Federal Grand Jury indictments returned last May charging conspiracy to violate the Sherman anti- * trust law. The grand jury returned the indictments agains the “Big Three” of the motor industry—Ford, Chry- ^ sler, and General Motors—charging them with conspiring to promote a monopoly by coercing dealers to finance car sales through company * finance firms.
Iowa Stymies Boilermakers, 0-0
First..
Secretary Morgenthau . . . . . . stated that cheapness of the British pound has not created a serious condition, however, he approved press releases calling attention to possible damage to American trade if depreciation continues. These fluctuations do, however, effect other currencies including the French franc, which tends toi rise and fall along with the pound. Low value, does not benefit England, because she is importing raw materials for the fabrication of arms and munitions.
Union Sleuths Start Hunting Show Talent
Con VO Speaker
Right Reverend Monsignor Fulton John Sheen Opens Program At 10:30
NATIONAL 60,000 Spectators . . . . . . last week watched Vilas Jacks, middle-aged Jasper county farmer, husk 24.41 bushels of corn to become the 1938 Indiana corn husking king. The contest, sponsored by Prairie Farmer, was attended by the largest crowd in the history of the event; the starting gun was fired by George Ade, and the mile-long procession included Governor M. Clifford Townsend, and Miss Janice Williamson, Indiana com queen. S. 0. s . . . signals flashed out on the high seas last week as fire broke out in the hold of the “Deutschland,” German passenger liner 200 miles off Cape Race, Newfoundland. With 591 passengers and 392 crew members aboard, the Deutschland radioed messages for assistance to several ships in the vicinity, rejected offers from all but two nearest vessels. Two hours later, Capt. Karl Steincke wirelessed “Fird Under Control.” “Perfect Husband” ... . . . Rudolph Sikora was acquitted last week by a jury of 11 husbands and a bachelor amid frenzied cheering of the courtroom throng. Taking less than two hours to deliberate the case of the 31-year-old defendant, accused of killing the man who stole his wife’s affections, the jury returned their verdict of “Not Guilty” with comment: “We feel that the defendant acted in a way that should protect the sanctity of the American home.” A Midair Exchange.. .> ... of pilots was effected last week when Harley Long relieved Pilot Tommy Smith, ill from motor fumes in the small light-plane with which he was trying for endurance records (Continued on page 4)
In Eliza Fowler Hall this morning at 10:30, Monsignor Sheen will speak at the first religious convocation of the present semester. His topic will be “Democracy and Religion.” Monsignor Sheen is a member of the Department of Philosophy at the Catholic University of America, Washington, D. C. The musical side of the program will be unique, as A1 Stewart’s Echo Choir of 30 voices is to make its first public appearance. This choir is in reality a continuation of the large 150 voice University Choir. The Echo Choir will be seated in the balcony and is intended to add color to the vocal presentations of the University Choir by singing responses and echo effects.
Emerson To Present Piano Concert Today
An interpretation of Saint-Saens’ symphonic poem, “Danse Macabre,” will be printed on programs for the concert by Paul Emerson at 4 p.m. today in the music room. A unique production, “Danse Macabre” is based on a poem by Hem’i Cazalis which Saint-Saens originally set as a song. Emerson, a popular student pianist who has appeared in several music room recitals, has announced the following program for today: Country Gardens, Percy Grainger. Impromptu in E Flat, Franz Schubert. Hungarian Rhapsodie, Franz Liszt Part 1—Lassan; Part 2—Friska. Intermission Impromptu in A Flat, Franz Schubert. Fantaisie—Impromptu, Franz Chopin. Danse Macabre, Saint-Saens.
Lafayette Stamp Club To View Recent Issues
By Bob Donahue
Experimental According to Director Stewart, this first appearance of the Echo Choir is merely an experiment, but if it is successful the choir will be made a permanent part of the musical organizations. Director Stewart added that this progress in his department was being made with an eye to the completion of the new Music Hall. Preceding the sermon at the convocation, the congregation will join the choirs in singing a catholic hymn. Two numbers to be presented by the choirs are "Praise Be To God” and “Give Ear Unto My Pray-
er.”
Those people with the sleuth-like walks and the Sherlock Holmes soul-piercing glances are not fugitives from Scotland Yard but members of the Union committee in charge of the forthcoming Thanksgiving show. The show will be billed as the Black and Tan Fantasy of ’38, and the committee will be seeking talent of every variety at the tryouts this week. On Tuesday and Wednesday at 4 o’clock in the tower room of the Union Building, the committee will conduct auditions for all the would-be torch singers, blues singers, mammy singers, swing singers, hot singers, and just plain sing-
ei’s.
Can You Hoof It? Those potential Bill Robinsons and Eleanor Powells will also have their chance to strut their stuff at these tryouts. Anyone who can tap, clog, shuffle, tumble, truck or what have you is eligible. Jittering, rug-cutting, in short all forms of interpretive dancing will be acceptable, the committee announced. Anyone who can Suzy-Q, Lambeth Walk or such with the greatest of ease will be welcomed. Should your talents run to bazooka playing or potato whistling no holds will be barred. Jitterbugs will be at a premium, however, since the committee plans to hold a public contest at a later date to determine the flattest footed floogies on the campus. The show will provide opportunity also for those whose talents lean toward script or gag writing since the theme of minstrelsy will be followed throughout. Incidently, the end men and the master of ceremonies have not as yet been chosen The committee has several persons in mind fdr these parts but as new faces and new talent are beingstressed, the field is still open. The committee, composed of Marge Stocker, Dave Brubeck, and Bob Kany, stresses the fact that undei’classmen, pafticularly freshmen, are invited to tryout for the show.
Harvey Will Entertain Forestry Club Tuesday Harold Harvey, a sophomore in the school of science, will entertain the Forestry Club witfi a talk and pictures on Korean mines, Tuesday, November 1, at 7:30 in the auditorium of the Horticulture Building. Refreshments will be served.
Hawkeyes Conquer Jinx Before Crowd Of 10,000 As Riveter Attack Fails
Special from R. L. McDonald Exponent Sports Editor Iowa City, Iowa, Oct. 29—^lowa successfully completed the ceremonies in the burying of the “Iowa Jinx” here today when its inspired football team held a hard-fighting Boilermaker eleven to a scoreless tie before 10,000 enthusiastic fans gathered in the Iowa stadium. Decidedly the underdogs before the game started, the Hawkeye team displayed a brilliant defense during the entire first half of the contest, and the Boilermaker backs were unable to break loose in their scoring attempts. At the start of the second half, the Iowa team came back an inspired ball club, and, behind the brillant playing of Frank Balazs, began a strong drive which kept the Purdue team on the defensive during most of the i —' second half.
Catholic Students May Participate In Parade
All Catholic students are invited to participate in the Holy Name rally, held in connection with the observation of the Feast of Christ this afternoon at 1:30 p. m., according to those in charge. Led by Albert J. Bonner as grand marshal, a parade will form at St. Mary's Church. Preceded by a motor cycle escort, it will move west on Columbia street to Third, north on Third to Main, east on Main to Ninth, and north on Ninth to St. Boniface Church where Rev. Gabriel Linfert O. F. M., pastor, will be host to the marchers. Services will start promptly at 2:30 with Rev. Aloys Dirksen C. PP. S., S. T. S., president of St. Joseph’s College, giving the sermon. An all male choir will sing several numbers. Three bands, the drum and bugle corps of the Lafayette Amei'ican Legion Post No. 1, the St. Boniface school band, and the 42-piece band of St. Joseph’s College, will lead the parade.
Thursday, November 3, Set As Entry Deadline For Annual Mohiman Debates
Lose Possession The Boilermakers were troubled throughout the game -with their inability to keep hold of the ball, and several times lost possession at strategic moments when they might have scored. It was not a case, however, of the Boilermakers “letting down,” but rather of the Hawkeyes “building up.” Following the severe criticisms which had been piled on the team by the’ Daily Iowan and by the apparent lack of enthusiasm on the part of the students, the Hawkeye team came out on the field this afternoon determined to prove they could play as good football as any team in the Big Ten, and they proceeded to do so. They were in on every fumble, three and four players were in on most of the tackles, alertness and determination marked their every move. The Boilermakers, meanwhile, were not loafing on the job, but Vrere fighting hard and plajdng just as good ball as they have all season. When the final gun went off, there was not one person in the stands who was not ready to admit that the Iowa team had completely made up for their poor start this season. Beyond a doubt, at any other time the Boilermakers could have beaten them, but today they were playing twelve men. Eleven hard-fighting, " determined, gold clad Hawkeyes and the twelfth a grim, spirit killing “Jinx.”
Entries to the annual Mohiman intramural debate tournament, open to any fraternity or bonafide men’s organization on the campus, must be turned in to debate headquarters in University Hall before noon Thursday, November 3. Each organization may enter either one or two teams each under the direction of a team manager; any member of the organization is eligible for a team providing he is not a member of this year’s intercollegiate debate squad or of a previous year’s team. To Choose Proposition
Game Summary
Projections of recent stamp issues will be shown at the regular meeting of the Lafayette Philatelic Society Wednesday evening at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union, Stamps to be shown will include some of the more picturesque ones from foreign countries, such as the Russian pictorials and commemoratives of the 150th anniversary of the United States Constitution, as well as some of the more unusual U. S. issues. A short explanation of each stamp will accompany the projections. The public is invited ta attend this showing.
Proposition to be debated will be chosen at a meeting of all managers of the teams enrolled, in room 301 of University Hall, Thursday, November 3, at 7:30 p. m. In the first round eacii team' will debate twice, and will automatically advance to the second round upon winning one or both of the debates. In the succeeding rounds each team will debate only once. Judges for the debates will be chosen by the managers of the op^ posing teams. Award Cup, Keys, And Tickets The organization whose team wins the tournament will receive possession of the cup for the rest of the year, and the members and'managers of the winning and runner-up' teams will receive keys and tickets for the Forensic banquet to be held in'May. The'cup has been held by the Alpha Gamma Rhos for the past year.
Meipbers of the speech department will hold a series of lectures concerning debate methods and technique open to all debaters and managers interested. Anyone desiring, further information may obtain the same by calling one of the following: Copeland, 65091; Mulhollandi 2004; Hansen, 7754; or Carr, 5021.
Detonations^
, . . which reverberated across the campus Friday morning emanated from Stuart Field, on' the site of the new Chemical Engineering. Building.
The dynamiters were blasting out the foundations of the high' tension'line poles which formerly extended from the EE Building. Construction of the new building nCCBS^ sitated removal of the lines.
First Quarter DeWitte receives Iowa’s kick-off, and returns it to the Hawkeye 27 yard line, but fumbles on the next play and Iowa recovers. McLain goes to the Boilermaker 15 yard line a few plays later. Brock intercepts a pass on the fom‘ yard line to stop the Iowa rush. Purdue drives to the Iowa 37, but is forced to punt. Brock kicking out on the 12 yard line. Iowa is forced to punt before the quarter ends. Second Quarter Two fumbles in the second quarter, both of which Iowa recovers, prove costly to the Boilermakers. Neither team gains much ground in the remainder of the second period until Brown passes to Krause on the Iowa 24 yard line, but the Boilermakers fail to make a first down and' Brown punts. The Hawkeyes have possession of the ball as the first half ends. Third Quarter Purdue receives the kick, Ippolito returning it to the Boilermaker 42 yard line. Piu-due loses the ball on (Continued on page 3)
4
J\
miPWyw
*■ li: '►i
£dijtoAicd
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
^saiuJiSA
Sunday/ October 30,1938 A t” >
Hallowe’en Is Remembered On Campus BC^. yls Anniversary Of Two Occurrences
Tragic Wreck Falls On John Purdue's Birthday
By Jane Briscoe Tomorrow will be the anniversary of Purdue’s brightest and darkest days—the birth of John Purdue, and the Purdue train wreck. John Purdue was born on October 31, 1802, to poor pioneer parents in Germany, Pa. He was the only boy in a family of eight children. He entered school at the age of eight and before long was well known for his brilliance. Shortly after completing his schooling, he was offered a position as teacher. Having little interest in teaching he returned after a few years to Marion County, 0., and took up farming. Came Here In 1837 He first came to Lafayette in 1837, but it was not until 1839 that he settled here as a permanent resident. At first he established a general merchandise store on the northwest corner of the square. Later he purchased the Lafayette Morn-' ing Journal but did not retain its ownership. He was noted for his generosity to benevolent and educational organizations. In 1869 Purdue ran as the independent candidate for congress, but was defeated. After the Morrill Act had been passed, Indiana was at a loss as to where the proposed university should be located. Tippecanoe county offered $50,000 plus 100 acres of land in the county for the school. To thS John Purdue added $150,000
as a gift with the stipulation that the school bear his surname. In 1874 classes were first opened in the University. Great Train Wreck It was just 101 years after John Purdue’s birth, the great disaster occurred. The annual Purdue-Indiana football game was to be played at Indianapolis on October 31, 1903. Two special trains were chartered to carry the team, the band, and nearly 2,000 fans to the game. As the first train rounded a big curve going at high speed near the entrance to the city it crashed into a group of coal cars that were on the main track. The first coach, carrying the team, was reduced to splinters. The second coach, with the band plunged over a steep embankment. The third coach rode up on the wreckage of the engine and tender. Fifteen Purdue students and two townspeople were killed and 40 people injured as a result of this great disaster. The cause of the accident was the negligence of the dispatcher to give notice to the approaching train.
Universily Erects Gym To Honor Wreck Victims
Memorial Gym— By Dorothy Miller Crash of steel—the screech of wheels—blood curdling screams of young men—mangled bodies carried off—the most appalling event in the history of the University! On October 31, 1903 the football special headed for the Indiana game ci’ashed. Scores were injured. Sev-
enteen persons perished — practically all of them members of Purdue athletic teams. In fevered grief a committee made plans to commemorate the tragedy. A building to foster the physical, social, and athletic needs of young manhood was decided on as an appropriate commemoration of the 17 lives shorn in their bloom. Plans hastily proceeded for a students’ union, which included a gymnasium, recreation and reading rooms, activities rooms, and social rooms. But funds were lacking. The plans had to be cut. Since the tragedy concerned mainly the athletic department, the building was restricted to a gymnasium—a gymnasium to honor the lost lives of young men and to foster^ the development of other young men. Contributions With contributions from the Big Four Eailroad, the University, the faculty, the class organizations, the athletic association, alumni, and private citizens, the committee in charge of the Memorial Fund raised $88,000. Ground was broken on April 27, 1908, and the building was dedicated on Memorial Day, 1909. The Purdue Memorial Gymnasium was one of the first structures on the campus not erected primarily for utility, but rather to represent and inspire sentiment—a building to commemorate a tragedy, to honor heroism.
TRAGEDY IN ONE ACT: Please. No! Aw, just this once. No! Aw, gee, ma, all the other kids are going barefoot!
“A tisket, a tasket I lost my pink pajamas, I lost my pigskin gloves too If the Phi Delts don’t return them What the hell am I going to do?”
. . . these cold nights. This bit of blank (very, very blank) verse is a true life experience. - And the lad who lost his possessions is still seeking them. He received one response to his advertisement, but it was from a Phi Delt stooge, we gather. So he thought the best way of telling the student public about his plight was an advertisement in this column. By the bye, if you have any pajamas (or any gloves) for sale, call 7471 and ask for the president of the house.
and
By Georgann Schilling
Sunday—oh so sleepy! But tomorrow’s Monday, so back on the books we go. Hallowe’en is definitely the season for dances as far as colorful decorations are concerned. The Sigma Chis used a drop sky made of leaves and the slide from Friday night’s frolic in their decorations. At the Delt pledge dance, the Hallowe’en theme was also used, the entrance to the house being through the mouth of a black and orange cat. The unusual programs carried a cartoon of a freshie wearing a Delt pledge pin and appering quite proud over the whole thing.
Farmer and Farmerette at the big Barnyard Frolic Friday evening but oh the price they paid! Imagine dancing an entire evening in such a mob as attended the dance,, and braving the demons of the' ^nce floor minus shoes. But Del and Maxine tripped the light fantastic barefoot all evening.
Party Postponed
Riding Club’s Hallowe’en party, planned for tonight at the Purdue stable, has been postponed until further notice, according to I. A. Summers, club president.
Professor (in Saturday morning eight o’clock): “I won’t say a word until the room settles down.” Voice from back of room: “Go home and sleep it off, old man.”
-H-H—
Don Bailey and Bob McDonald were loyal Purdue rooters way out in loway at yesterday’s game. The pair drove out to the tall corn state Friday and will return home sometime today. Don is city editor of the Exponent, and Bob is sports editor.
Reservations for the supper ride, to be held tiffs evening as previously announced, should be made by calling the stable before noon. Supper will be served at Rudy’s following a ride over gravel roads north of the city.
And another town gal is keeping company with another athlete! This seems to be common dirt. Or maybe it’s just the way these He-men (?) keep in training. Anyhow, we hear DOTTY BERGHOFF is quite that way about Lambda Chi Jim Welsch. Some of the other town kiddies seem to think this item deserves a bit of publicity. What do you think?
—H-H—
—H-H—
Delbert Greenwood and Maxine Mann are probably suffering from a serious case of abused feet right now. The pair won the title of Best
The Union tower room should echo with gay sounds this coming week as the annual Black and Tan Fantasy, Union Thanksgiving show gets underway. This musical extravaganza pi’ovides an excellent opportunity for talented freshmen to make themselves known on the campus, so gather courage, rhinies, and let the Union boys discover you.
m
A III
STARTING TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
CDjuxma,! Ojdtwn,! RomarucsL!
When the gay debonnaire plilanderer of the tank corps goes into action with the fun-loving daughter of the colonel of the cavalry ... Romantic high jinks set against the colorful dramatic spectacle of the army’s greatest war game!
lADGE EVANS Cast of^ PRESTON FOSTER®^ HynMs/
PLUS
ISSING WITHSSSES
.M JOHN LITEL • DICK PURCELL • JEAN DALE
DRIVEN BY THE E@VE OF TWO WOIEN ...HE TORE CONTINENTS APART THAT SHIPS MIGHT SAIL THE DESERT!
T¥10ME POWER LOlEfm
J. Edward Bromberg Joseph Schiidkraut Henry Stephenson
Starting TODAY LAMKETU
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Well, it was some week-end, costumes and all! The co-eds seemed to be trying to outdo each other in the harmless (?) game of undressing, instead of dressing up for these Hallowe’en parties. Anyhow it took our minds off our work, and after that Explosion edition, we really needed something!
1*5
T had to hire some extra help for Culpepper—he’s entered 137 prize contests simultaneously!”
FAMOUS BIT OF REALISM: “As I look into my crystal ball, I see a stag line ’gainst the wall. I see a party getting rough, ’Cause the number of girls is onefifth enough.
There always seems to follow you That killer of all decent fun; The ghost of the ratio, five-to-one.”
Where’er you go, what’er you do.
ARC
TODAY - MONDAY
with DON TERRY MARY RUSSELL
— also — ‘SHORT SUBJECTS’
LUMA
TODAY - MONDAY iEEi¥'s mimEiT WULLQMMJEillTI
ftahirlisg Fr«* mm^im MaoramraiUVAN jffittN BEAi JESSIE RAlPi•,V--
Sunday, October 30,1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Boilermaker Reserves Lose To Irish, 12-6
Summary—
(Continued from page 1)
downs. After Iowa loses possession of the ball, Brock punts out on the Hawkeye 13 yard line. Kinnick gets four, then Balazs goes through the right guard hole for 23 yards. Iowa is forced to punt, however, the ball going out of bounds on the Boilermaker 29 yard line.
BIG TEN STANDING Northwestern 2 0 1 19 3 Ohio State 2 0 1 48 7 Minnesota 2 1 0 17 12 Michigan 2 1 0 65 14 Wisconsin 2 1 0 44 26 PURDUE 1 1 1 13 14 Iowa 1 1 1 40 45 Illinois 1 2 0 12 29 Indiana 0 3 0 2 24 Chicago 0 3 0 28 114
Brock gains 17 yards, then Brown fumbles and Iowa recovers. Two plays later Purdue recovers an Iowa fumble. A trade of punts follows, and the Boilermakers have possession of the ball on their own 39 yard line as the third quarter ends.
Returning To Purdue After A Ten Year's
Absence, The...
Fourth Quarter
Tykocki punts over the goal. McLain gains two yards, then cuts over right tackle for 36 yards before being stopped by Byelene. A six yard gain by McLain, and a 10 yard pass by Kinnick fail to make a first down as the Haykeyes are penalized 15 yards for holding. McLain punts to Byelene, who brings the ball up to the Purdue 24 yard line.
Purdue fails, and punts. McLain, Eicherly and Balazs make two first downs, but Iowa is forced to kick. Brock’s pass to Mackiewicz is intercepted on the Boilermaker 47 yard line by Busk.
Brown receives Busk’s kick on the 10 yard line and laterals to Brock, who goes to the 21.
With two minutes to play. Brown gains a yard. Brock crashes through center for 14 yards, and Brock then passes to Mackiewicz on the Iowa 48 yard line. Brock’s pass to Rankin is intercepted by Busk. Kinnick tries two plays before the game ends.
cJlouaiij (zyLadi
Why not be wickedly sophisticated on the night of the Military Ball? Wear sleek satins or svelte crepes. If you prefer you could play innocent and wear drifting chiffons or taffeta. What ever your choice, stop and see our collection.
415 Main
Phone 5900
Plans For A Tentative Vergane, Mcliwain, Vyverberg Star In Attack
Program Of Bowling Were Formulated...
As 'B' Squad Outgains Irish Despite Defeat
... by members of the University Club at a meeting recently. The kegling schedule will feature individual and group competition, although teams will be organized in the various schools and departments after the program has been started. Anyone wishing to take advantage of this organized bowling should contact the officers of the club and attend the next meeting to be held in the Union on Tuesday, November 8.
A 15-yard pass over the goal line from Mcliwain to Lehr during the first quarter yesterday gave the Purdue “B’s” their lone score against a fighting Irish reserve eleven in their final game of the season. Notre Dame, slightly outplayed by the Purdue contingent, blocked all the visiting teams other attempts and then took advantages of Boilermaker lapses to push over two markers of their own. The final score, 12-6, doesn’t reveal the Purdue superiority which enabled the Gold and Black to gain more ground and score more first downs than did the Irish “B’s”.
....choic*
By Brace Witwer
... Indiana Academy of Science will hold its fifty-fourth annual meeting here on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, November 3, 4, and 5. Two hundred and fifty to 350 persons are expected to enroll for the three-day conference, according to Dean H. E. Enders. Enders remarked that, “Although the Indiana Academy is not the largest, it is one of the leading state academies in the country. It has enrolled the outstanding men of science in business and colleges.” Registration Thursday Registration will open at 7 p. m. and continue through 9 p. m. Thursday in the main lobby of the Union and from 8:30 a. m. to 12 noon on Friday. The first session, led by President Eli Lilly, will open the conference at 9:30 a. m. Friday. Prof. Frank Hockema, assistant to the president, will give the address of welcome. The conferen.ce will close with the meetings on entomology and taxomology at 9 a. m. Saturday, and the remander of the day will be taken up by exhibits and demonstrations of the Junior Academy of Science, sponsored by the Academy.
Professor Ben Petty, president; Professor J. P. Seaton, vice-presi-dent; J. H. Karr, secretary; and G. D. Meid, treasurer, are the officers elected at Monday’s meeting.
Professor C. L. Lovell, Professor Wilbur, and Professor M. W. Todd comprise the committee to formulate a set of rules and regulations to be presented at the next meeting.
Purdue kicked off to an over-eag-er Notre Dame team which after two plays, fumbled the ball. The Boilermakers recovered and started marchipg down the field towards an ably-defended Irish goal-line. A sudden Purdue fumble stopped the attack momentarily. Notre Dame B’s, unable to advance against a capable line, lost the ball on downs and Purdue^esumed its parade which\ ended m the touchdown pass to Lehr.
Exemption Courses
A very discouraging ball game... after last week’s flashy comeback against Wisconsin we hoped to see a real display yesterday but the display was of the wrong type . . . instead of runs and passes digging deep into Iowa’s territory it was fumbles and intercepted passes neutralizing all attempts Purdue made. - —^fc—
For Year Designated
Parents Will Hear
O'Shea, Matthews At Annual Conference
Dr. Harriet O’Shea, professor of applied psychology, and Dean Mary L. Matthews, head of the home economics department, will be among the speakers at the Parents’ Institute, conducted by Purdue University November 1 and 2. Two or three hundred parents are expected to attend the annual conference. Members of the staff of the home economics and psychology departments of Purdue and the West Lafayette public schools are co-oper-ating to make this conference an instructive one.
The conference begins Tuesday, November 1, with registration at nine o’clock. Morning, afternoon and evening programs are scheduled for Tuesday. Wednesday will feature morning and afternoon conferences, with adjournment about four o’clock.
Some important speakers of the conference are: Mrs. William Adcock, Greenwood, chairman mental and social hygiene committee, Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers; Dr. John M. Dorsey, of the Meuropsychiatric Hospital, University of Michigan; and Mrs. Robert Shank, Indianapolis, seventh vice-president, Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers.
Notre Dame Scores Both teams showed spurts of energy in the second quarter but the ball remained at midfield most of the time. Pui’due, trying to improve its record of one victory and one loss, fought hard, but an unbeaten Irish team tossed a long pass near the end of the period to score a touchdown and tie the Boilerijnakers. An aroused Irish backfield crushed through Purdue “B” defenses dur'ing the third quarter. Unable to withstand the Irish onslaught, a series of short plunges followed by a long run by a fleet Notre Dame runner, led to the final winning points against the Boilermakers. Vergane Plays Entire Game Neither team was able to advance the ball into scoring territory in the fourth quarter as a courageous “B” team, led by 60-minute man. Bill Vergane, attempted to tie up the ball game. Mcliwain and Vyverberg were spearheads for this attack. The Purdue “B” opening lineup for the game was Lehr, left end; Dilts, left tackle; Aronson, left guard; Jerrell, center; Bremer, right guard, Vergane, right tackle; Abbott, right end; Welsh, quarterback; Mcliwain and Vyverberg, at halfbacks; and Liebrecht, fullback. Yesterday’s loss was the second suffered by the Boilermaker reserves in three games played this year. Purdue has previously beaten Illinois and had lost to Northwestern. Notre Dame’s victory leaves it undefeated with a record of victories over Illinois and Purdue and a tie with Northwestern.
Exemptions provide a powerful inducement for students to study a little harder during the semester. That little bit of extra work may be enough to get you across that exemption line. The following ^courses, as designated by the president’s office, follow the up to date methods and provide exemptions for all students having averages of A or above. In the school of agriculture Ag Chem 112 and 142, AH 108, Agronomy 134, and Forestry 107-8 and 111. In the home economics school F&N 134-5. Mil 5-8 for the soldier boys and materia medical, 2, 17, 18, 21, 22, 30B for pharmacists. In the science school, Chem 1, lA, 2, 2A, 29, 29A, 29B, 30, 30A, and 30B. Envlish 31, 32, 60, 109, 121A.
It looks as if Coach Irl Tubbs’ continual shakeup of his Hawkeye eleven finally resulted in a working combination . . . that, coupled with the hoped for Boilermaker second half drive which failed to materialize ... in that last minute of play when Purdue had moved from its own 20 yard line to the Iowa 48 we pi-ayed “Don’t fumble now, don’t fumble” . . . well our prayers were answered, they didn’t fumble . . . they tossed a pass which was intercepted ... oh well, it’s all in a ball game. —^fc—
Engineering Courses Exemption courses in the engineering schools include: applied mechanics 1 and 2. Chemical engineering 3A, 3B, 4, 5A, 5B, 107, 107A, 122, 124. Civil engineering 21, 22, 31, 35, 61, 62, 71, 74, and 78. EE 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 11, 12, 14, 17, 19, 20, 22, 23, 39, 42, 50. GE 103 (except for civil engineers), 104, 105, 107, 108, 110, 113, 117, 127, 128, 129. ME 30, 31, 33, 61, 62, 93, 94, 100, 120, 121, 136, 139, 140, 151, 152, 172, 173, 193, and 194.
It’s difficult to discern whether the final score was due to a rejuvenated Iowa team or a Purdue attack that failed to function smoothly . . . the Boilermakers had some breaks at that... Iowa has been harrassed by penalties in all of its games so far this year and this one was no exception ... on four separate occasions Iowa was marching deep into Purdue ground and they were set back by penalties of 15 yards each time . . . very timely. —^fc—
Lou Brock performed up to standard as he gained a top heavy percentage of the ground the Boilermakers managed to pick up ... practically every time he got the ball he reeled off six yards or more . . . his well placed kicking also helped the cause . . . “Coffin Corner” Lou. r —^fc—
If at the time of the examination the student has fulfilled certain fundamental requirements set forth by the teacher and has an average of A or above he will be considered exempt.
Katherine Dunbar, Head Of Gibbs...
Cattle Feeders To Meet
Cosmepolitan Club On Campus" ■ "
Will Sponsor..
... a series of talks given by its members about their respective countries, starting Wednesday.
“Modern Turkey” will be the subject for the first week, presented by Turkish students at 7:30 p. m. in room B of the Union. These talks will be conducted throughout the year and will be open to all University students and staff members as well as townspeople.
Indiana Cattle Feeders Association will meet here for its annual meeting November 18, it was anounced by Prof. Frank G. King, chief of the animal husbandry department. Several hundred beef producers from Indiana and neighbor states are expected. The steers which will be used in the annual winter feeding trials will be on exhibition in the feeding lots. Inspection of these cattle will be one of the main events on the program.
. . . Seci’etarial School, will be the featured speaker at YWCA-WSGA’s Charm School next Thursday at 4 o’clock in the Union faculty lounge. Through the efforts of Catherine Cooley and Treva Berry, Mrs. Dunbar will visit the campus while on a tour through the middle west.
Speaking of kicking, Iowa’s three quick kicks worked out superbly as they sailed over the Boilermaker secondary and set it back on its heels . . . Evans is one Hawkeye to be commended . .. one memory Purdue players should have of this contest is that skirting Iowa’s left end was sure to bring about undesired contact with Evans ... he was the defensive tops in the game. —^fc— All that we can hope for is that the Purdue squad perks up and is able to build up something to display to Ohio State. . . yesterday’s showing coupled with Ohio State’s 32-0 win over NYU, doesn’t speak too favorably for the Boilermaker chances.
Mrs. Dunbar, whose secretarial school is located in Boston, Mass., is perhaps one of the best-known business women in the country. Young and attractive, she not only manages a successful career but also has a home and a daughter.
Boxers Will Begin Practice Monday
Pointers on business technique, office procedure, and modern business etiquette will be the subject of Mrs. Dunbar’s discussion. This, the third meeting of the Charm School, is again open to all co-eds.
Beginning Monday at 4 p. m. in the Fieldhouse, the boxing season will be formally inaugurated,under the direction of Coach “Punchie” Maxwell. Says “Punchie,” who built a rec-ord-breaking Purdue team last year, “Come on, you old-timers, and bring your friends for a lot of hard work and fun. Let’s get going and defend our titles in the Golden Gloves.”
right this way /or the - - - EXP LO SIO N
If you like scandal and dirt', or dirf and scandal, you'll find if in fhe POODOO EXPLOSION now on sale at Southworfh's, Deac's, and fhe Union desk. Have you boughf your copy? ? ?
I
]By Joy Johnson Football is too dangerous a sport for the men at Cheyenne School at Colorado Springs. The officials have discarded it from the athletic I’oster. In its place has been substituted the comparatively mild rodeo sports. Bucking broncs and wild steei’s is considered a lot safer than scrimmaging on the gridiron with 11 big brutes.
—C—
Fraternities may have their pieeating contests and their pajama races, but the leather medal for competitions goes to the ASME’s at Ohio State. The junior and senior divisions of the student branch each sponsored a team of 10 stalwart cigar smokers who puffed away furiously face to face, for five minutes while the spectators choked and clamored for air. At the end of five minutes, the stubs were gathered and measured and the winning team presented with cigarettes. And to cap the climax there were still enough of the boys left on their feet after the contest to calculate the rate of smoking of the winning team to be .0000622 miles per hour. There ought to be a law against speeding. —C— ' Do you have a-sense of humor? We don’t mean, do you see the point of a joke ? If you were a student from the University of Florida and had no sense of humor, you might be able to develop one by taking there the first course offered in an American college with the avowed purpose of making people more humor conscious. Good grades in the course go to those who have developed the ability to look at life from the standpoint of the spectator at a comedy.
—C—
A lot has been said about the homeliness of the Puidue co-ed but the girls at the University of Oklahoma must be in a woise condition. (N. Ed. note: Wow') They have foinied, in self-defense, the American Co-ed Piotective League which sells insuiance to co-eds against being stood up on a date. Gills left holding the bag may collect up to 50 cents heart balm, paid according to the terms of the policy they hold. Policy lates depend on the number of dates the co-ed usually has a week and upon her attractiveness. We suggest that perhaps insurance against pool blind dates might also be in ordei for college girls.
—C—
To the students at St. Ambrose College goes the medal for evolving a new league called the “Registered College Thumbers.” Any Purdue hitch-hiker who joins (dues 50 cents a year) will replace the “hitch-hikers’ special” seal on his bag wnth authorized emblem. The emblem will be seven by seven bordered with symbolic thumbs and having RCT across the royal blue background. The “Registeied Collegiate Thumber” must have his official passport with him at all times, bearing his name, college and home addresses, certified by a member of the RCT. The final note to members of the league is that “The member must at all times dress like a gentleman, act like a gentleman, be a gentleman.”
—C—
The recent war scare had farflung results. One of them was a survey among the men at Northwestern University. According to the survey, if the United States should go to war suddenly, 44 per cent of the students would refuse to go altogether. Thirty-three per cent would go to the front immediately, but the remaining 26 percent would wait until they were drafted. All the men agi’eed on one point, however. They would never fight for communism or fascism.
—C—
War scares and iftternational crises have had an opposite effect at Harvard where enrollments in naval and military science have reached a new high. Harvard undergraduates are flocking to the two couises, with naval science enrollment almost double that of last year, and military science registration up more than a third.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT TODAY
SboaxL (Ma. WBAA Monday, October 31 11:00—American Institutions, Professor Robert Phillips. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—Sports Review, Dick Shive-
ly.
12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Rosemary Robinson, pianist. 1:00—The Town Crier. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Girl Scout Program. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—The World We Live In, Dr. S, A. Rifenburgh. 2:15—Melody Time. 2:30—-Foods-Facts-Fancies. 2:45—Mrs. Maurine Martin, violinist. 3:00—Symphony Hall. 4:00—Contract Bridge Chats. 4:15—Campus Personalities. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
Cinema Cues
Where will you eat today? Why not the MITZI CAFE
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
yioticAL
Sunday, October 30,1938
Chi Epsilon: All actives and pledgres meet at bridge in rear of Civil Engineering Building at 6:80 a. m. on Monday, October 31. —PARK. '
(Continued from page 1) over Rosamond dry lake, California. National Aeronautical Association officials said change of pilots will not affect any records made.
“Suez” starring Tyrone Power, Loretta Young and Annabella has brought the mighty drama and spectacle of the creation of the canal that is the jugular vein of the world to the scieen of the Lafayette theater today. The climax comes when a terrific desert tornado, “simoon,” threatens the life-long ambition of Ferdinand de Lesseps, player by
Power. —C-C—
Frank Capra’s newest hit “You Can’t Take It With You,” based on the Pultitzer Prize play of the same name brings an all-star cast to the Mars today through Wednesday. Jane Arthur, Lionel Barrymore, James Stewart, and Edward Arnold are principals m the delightful tale of the Vanderhof family who believed in doing what they pleased.
—C^C—
“Port of Seven Seas” an adventuie story featuring Wallace Beery, Maureen O’Sullivan, Frank Morgan, and John Beal, will be shown at the Luna today and tomorrow.
—C-C—
“You And Me” with George Raft and Sylvia Sidney is powerfully dramatic tale of the efforts of two, who married unlawfully while on parole, to find happiness. Also to be shown at the Luna Tuesday and Wednesday is “Rage of Paris” a racy comedy introducing the French star Danielle Darrieux opposite Douglas Fairbanks, Junioi.
—C-C—
The story of “Army Girl,” feature atti action at the New Main today thiough Wednesday, centers about the adventurous career of an army captain who falls in love with the commander’s daughter. Preston Foster is the captain and Madge Evans the girl. “Missing Witness” an expose of rackets with Jean Dale and Dick Purcell forms the other half of the double feature.
—C-C—
“Mr. Deeds Goes To Town,” the hit comedy starring Gary Cooper and Jean Arthur will team with “Squadron of Honoi ” featuring Don Terry and Mary Russell at the Arc today and tomorrow. “Squadron of Honor” is a mystery story with an American Legion background. “Hopalong Rides Again,” a western with William Boyd and George Hayes will be shown to Arc patrons Tuesday and Wednesday. “There’s Always A Woman,” the box office hit detective comedy featuring Joan Blondell and Melvyn Douglas, will complete the bill.
RE:QUOTES “Jam Sessions... . . . and jitterbug orgies are wooing young people along the primrose path to hell,” quoth the most Rev. Francis J. L. Beckman, archbishop of Dubuque, Miss., this week before the National Council of Catholic Women. “A degenerated and demoi’alizing musical system is given a disgusting christening as ‘swing’ and then turned loose to gnaw away the moral fibre of young people,” continued the Reverend. “Peace Can Be Obtained . . . . . . only by non-aggression,” said the Chief Executive this week in his annual proclamation of Armistice Day. Roosevelt also added that he invited observance of the day “by the people of the United States with appropiiate ceremonies in schools, churches, and other suitable places.” “It is especially fitting at this time of world unrest that November 11, 1938, the twentieth anniversary of the armistice, should be observed with suitable ceremonies manifesting our belief that peace can be attained only by non-aggression, and can be made enduring only by respect for the rights of others and good will among the nations of the world,” stated the President in his usual excellent forensic manner. We’re Always . . . . . . indebted to Senator Soaper, syndicate column writer, for a few gems of rural literature. This week it’s his squib, “Calling Hitler a madman avails us nothing,’ cries a Briton in parliament. The judicious will leave the question open, viz., ‘One of us IS nuts’.”
FOREIGN Russia’s Strong ... . . . Far Eastern army has been divided into two commands, it was disclosed this week. Foremost military figure in Russia, Field Marshal Vassily Bluecher, former commander-m-chief of Far East forces was completely ignored in the reorganization. Rumors continue to drift from the Far East that Marshal Bluecher has been dismissed and is imprisoned. Authentic sources remained silent on the question, however. French Premier Daladier . .. . . . told his Radical-Socialist party congiess that he believed Germany and France would come to an understanding. “Whether It is a question of her relations with Germany or with Italy, France is convinced that if each side thinks only of the sole defense of its national interests, accords can be reached which will bring the most useful contribution to the reinforcement of peace,” declared the Premier. Hungarian Representatives... . . . agreed to German-Italian arbitration of their territorial dispute with Czechoslovakia, with the restriction that no mediation was necessary for about 3,860 square miles which the Czechs had already said they would cede. Hungary also restricted arbitration to the areas in which doubt existed as to Hungarian predoininence. WAR Japan Completed ... ... an offensive many months long when her army and navy occupied Hankow Tuesday. Pushing overland with mechanized troops and up the Yangtze River with naval forces.
every week advancing closer, Japs finally seized the former provisional capital. Japanese officers today have three objectives: 1. To disperse Chinese troops retreating from the Hankow area before they can consolidate new positions. 2. To occupy 685 miles of railway linking Hankow with Canton, captured October 22. 3. To penetrate intervening areas in Kwangtung (Canton), Kiangsi, Hunan, and Hupeh (Hankow province). “Lure the Enemy . . . . ,, further inland. The farther they come the sooner victory will be ours” . . . Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek, China’s national leader, has obtained full support of all fellow leaders for a still unrelenting fight against Japan, hoping to exhaust her resources in effort to subjugate the vast expanses of China. Jap troops 50 miles south of Hankow captured Sienning Friday, and gained position for an advance along the Canton-Hankow railway to Yochow, 110 miles southwest of Hankow. At Hongkong Chinese reported yesterday a general counteroffensive was developing against the Japs northeast of Canton. Chinese troops are attacking near Tsungfa and Lungmoon, respectively 40 and 80 miles from the metropolis. With their new occupation, invaders have taken over the richest cities and towns in 13 provinces in almost 16 months of warfare, using an estimated 800,000 men against 8.000. 000 poorly equipped Chinese. Foreign observers estimate Chinese casualties at more than 1,300,000 since July 7, 1937, and Japanese at 350.000. Insurgent Troops . . . . . . m Spain reported Friday they turned back a strong government countei -offensive on positions taken in recent fighting on the Cote de la Rena sector of the Madrid front. Loyalists attacked in darkness after an artillery barrage. Shortly befoie dawn rebel officers claimed they had broken the attacks, inflicting heavy losses. WASHINGTON Over Half . . . ... of the total PWA grants apversities has been •allotted to Purdue University. Of $3,039,793 that proved for Indiana colleges and uniwas granted, the University will receive $1,752,492 for the construction of WRH, Union addition, Music Hall, and Chemical Engineering Building. Richard Whitney . . . . .. former stock exchange president now in Sing Sing, negotiated loans totaling over 27 million dollars in five months, in efforts to stabilize his financial fortunes, according to announcement made recently. By the date of failure, all of these loans except $1,632,500 had been repaid. Shutdowns . . . . . . this week have thrown an estimated 50,000 persons out of work as employers reacted to the new wages-hours law, effective last Monday. Said Administrator Andrews concerning the shutdowns, “We can’t exempt anyone in interstate commerce from paying the 25 cents an hour. I just hope it’s temporary (shutdowns) and that after all they don’t really mean it.” Karl D. Loos ... . . . national coal association counsel, said recently in advancing a new method of attack on railroad revenue problems, “We have a surplus of transportation facilities.”
You Are Invited to Inspect Our Complete Showing of Artist Copies of American Artist Group ETCHINGS, LITHOGRAPHS, WOODCUTS THE FOSTER SHOP East Side Square This display has been held in fonner years at Purdue University
Sophomores for Track Managers: Sophomores wishing to try out for track managers report at Stadium at 4 p. m. Monday, October 81. —MANN.
YWCA "21” Club: Important meeting Monday, October 31, at 4:16, in women’s lounge of the Union /Building. —MOORHEAD.
Modern Dance Groups: Joint meeting of advanced and junior groups in Women's Gym, Monday, October 31, at 4 p. m. —NEWMAN.
WAA Class Hockey: Tuesday, November 1, Frosh B vs. Sophs ; Wednesday, November 2, Frosh A vs. Juniors; Thursday, November 3, Frosh A vs. Frosh B; Friday, November 4, Junior vs. Seniors. All games are at 4 p. m. Freshman A squad is: Margaret Wirt, Metzger, McFarland, Murphy, Wood, Blagrabe, Ward, Rubreight, Harrison, Fitch, Kennedy. Freshman B squad: Mary Wirt, Kling, Graham, Cox, Modiste, McMullen, Smith, Halstead, Todd, Miller, McCulIock. —SHAFFER.
Christian Science Members: Regular meeting in room C of the Union, Tuesday, November 1 at 7:80 p. m. —McIntosh.
Sophomore Union Workers: Will our committee and all available sophomore workers please report to Dean Fisher’s office Monday, October 31 at 2 p. m. Very important. Please bring pens. —CREPPS, COOPER.
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, October 30, at 7 :4B p. m. at 229 Fowler. Bring manuscripts. -AUSTIN.
Camp Club Course: Meet in the lecture room of the Women’s Gym at 4 p. m. Monday, October 81. Dr. Rose will give a lecture on first aid. —BLANK.
WAA Riflery: Kiflery schedules are as follows : for Monday, October 31: 6 :15, Ward 4: 7:00, Ward 1: 7:45, W. R. H., North; 8:30, Thaeles. —SMITH.
Sigma Foo Sigma: Meeting Sunday, October 30, 7 p. m., at Cary Hall East. —LEVIN.
PIA Dance Class Members: Dance classes Monday, October 31, starting promptly at 7 p. m. in the main gym of the Memorial Gym. .. —HEINE.
Boxers: All men interested in boxing, and those who have been out before, report to Pieldhouse boxing room Monday, October 31, at 4 p. m. .—MAXWELL.
Fo^restry Club Membership Committee: Meet in Horticulture Building Monday, October 81, at 7 p. m. before Forestry Club meeting. —NICHOLS.
Playshoppers: Positions on technical staffs for "Dracula” are now open. Petitions for jobs must be at Playshop office by Monday. October 31, at 5 :00 p. m. —BRENMAN.
Purdue Engineer: The following men report to Felix at the office Monday, October 31, at 4 p. m., Adams, Ely, Harper, Johnson, Kimmel, and Lantz. —PRECHTER.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Wednesday, November 2, in room B of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m. All pledges bring in globes. —AYASUN.
Purdue Engineer Business Staff: The following men report to the office at 4 p. m. Monday, October 31:’Ott, Stamm, Winslow, Martinek, Botsford, Fisher, Lantz. —BEHRENDS.
NY A Workers: Checks for periods ending October 15 are now available at cashiers office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE.
Riding Club Members: Hallowe’en party planned for Sunday, October 30, has been postponed until further notice. —SUMMERS.
Freshman Basketball Candidates: Candidates for the freshman basketball squad will report daily starting Monday, October 31, at 3 :00 p. m. < LAMBERT.
Exponent Circulation Staff: Important meeting Wednesday, November 2, at 7 p. m. in room F of the Union. It is imperative that all freshmen be there. —BERG.
Classified ^ds
Radio Club: Regular meeting Tuesday,' November 1, at 7:30 in room 254 of the EE Building. —BROWN.
LOST AND FOUND
Distinguished Howitzer Squads: Applications for entry in this competition must be handed in in writing to Major Faulconer or to Captain Morse by noon Thursday, November 3. Each application will list a Junior as Executive and 11 Sophomores—1 as chief of section, 1 as gunner, 7 as cannonneers, and 2 as drivers. Entries will be placed in order in which they are submitted. I (lO-IIi.) —FAULCONER. Lutheran Students Club: Business and social meeting to be held in room 1 and 2 of the Union Building on Sunday, October 30, at 7 :30 p. m. —OTT.
LOST—Chi Omega sorority pin. Please return to Phyllis Crossman, 402 Waldron. Reward.
FOR SALE
TYPBWRI’TERS—^All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Eberahoff, 605 Main street.
Debate Managers: The following men will continue ds sophomore debate managers: Taylor, Wheeler, Hart, Howard, Thorton, Caldwell, Shaw, Deal, and Reister. (10-30) —CAN.
Freshman Speedball Classes: Special film on speedball will be shown at 3 p. m. and again at 4 p. m. on Monday, November 1. in the Hygiene room. Anyone interested may attend. —FRASER.
FOR SALE—1929 LaSalle coupe. Good condition. Cheap. Call 2680.
MISCELLANEOUS ATTENTION BANDSMEN: Let McLean’s factory trained repair man put your musical instrument in first class condition and save time and money. 514 Main St. Phone 7917.
BOARD FOR STUDENTS. Call 41601. 703 Evergreen.
BOARD FOR STUDENTS: Call 41601. 703 Evergreen.
HAYS JEWELRY CO, East Side of Square SHEAFFER. PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Bookst'ores
• Shoe Repair
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
• Professional
• Locksmith
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phona 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Florists
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.DA HAROLD I. RISK—O.D.S, ROBERT G. RISK—D.DJS. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S Schultz Building 4th and A4ain Phone 5701
for distinctive corsages ROTH FLORIST Phone 7955—8050 635 main street
• Tailor
• Jewelers
sparrendahl—tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is ail we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.