V. i * \ J-
^,J&
xponent m £hiif Stttem /9C^
Volume 52*1 No. 96
Weel Lafayette, lodiaiia
Smuloy. lonuoiy it. 1941
Young To Retire Feb. I; Solberg New M. E. Head Prof. Gilbert A. Young, head of the University School of Mechanical Engineering for 29 years and affectionately known as “G. A.” to thousands of students and alumni, will retire as head of the school on February 1 to become senior professor of mechanical engineering, according to an announcement made yesterday by President E. C. Elliott following approval of the Board of Trustees.
Road Men Gather On Campus
Ag Conference Ends With 9,000 Hoosier
Farmers Attending Tomorrow For 5 - Day School
Prof. Harry L, Solberg, a memIjer of the faculty since 1921, will succeed Professor Young as administrative head of the school. David S. Clark, assistant professor of mechanical engineering, has been appointed administrative assistant to Professor Solberg. His Own Request Professor Young’s request that he be relieved of his administrative duties in order to devote all his available time to the students in his classes was prompted by an injury suffered several years ago which has han^apped his activities. "G. A.” has taught continuously since 1894, when he was engaged as an instructor in practical mechanics at South Dakota State College. This is true with the exception of one year of resident study at Harvard university. He joined the University staff immediately after obtaining his BS, ME degree here in 1899. He received (Continued on page 4)
EXPONENT READERS . . . following Wallace R. Deuel’s current series “Where Hitler Stands Now” will be pleased to learn that Deuel will answer any question pertinent to his articles. Questions should be mailed to J. H. McKee, Jr., news editor, Purdue Exponent, Union Building, W. Lafayette, Ind., so that he receives them by 6 p. m. Monday, January 20. These questions will be mailed to Deuel before midnight that same day. Questions mailed at this time will be answered by Deuel in The Chicago Daily News and Purdue Exponent in near-future editions. Questions should be clearly worded and limited to 40 words. Those submitted first will be answered first.
Record Number At 5-Day Session Beats '39 Mark The University’s annual Agricultural Conference broke the pre-existing attendance record of 8,768 set in 1939 last Friday as “over 9,000” Indiana farmers and farm homemakers closed their five-day
session.
Here are some of the closing highlights of the conference: Addressing the Purdue Agricultural Alumni attending their annual dinner, held in connection with the conference, Gordon Enders, of the history, economics and government department, predicted that “when the men of Europe and Asia quit carrying guns they will not have enough to eat for several
years.”
Enders went on to say that the permanence of any world peace depends upon plenty of food and shelter for the peoples of all nations, for “otherwise starving persons will value food above honesty and
peace.”
NoForeignWar?
Examination Schedule For Monday, January 20
These schedules are correst unless otherwise indicated by the instructor. Per. Day Date Time 8 Mon. Jan. 20 8-11 9 Mon. Jan. 20 1-4 Course Division Period ANIMAL HUSBANDRY 110 A 8 APPLIED DESIGN 55 A 9 BIOLOGY 140 A 8 144 A 9 CHEMISTRY 11 U-AD,AI,AJ 9 21 All 9 CIVIL ENGINEERING 17 All 9 23 A 9 59 All 9 CLOTHING AND TEXTILES 27 A .8 29 C 9 ECONOMICS 117 A ~...9 EDUCATION 17 B 9 ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING 186 A 9 ENGLISH 111 A 9 121a A 9 125 A 9 137 A 9 FARM MANAGEMENT 2 C ; 9
Course Division Period GENERAL ENGINEERING 104 C 9 GOVERNMENT 119 All 9 or 13 HORTICULTURE 29 B 9 MECHAN. ENGINEERING 11 E,F 9 11 G,H 9 31 1 9 62 All 9 83 All 8 METALLUR. ENGINEERING 1 All 9 146 A 9 MILITARY TRAINING 6 All 9 7 All 8 16 A 9 17 A 8 MODERN LANGUAGES 127 A 9 146 A 9 166 A 9 PHYSICAL ED. FOR MEN 9 A,P 9 9 B-E 8 PHYSICAL ED. FOR WOMEN 61 All 8 71 A 9 PHYSICS 34 All 9 SOCIOLOGY 76 E 9
Representative Hoosier sportsmen from all parts of the state, including a host of Conservation Club leaders, attended the fish and game session held last Friday afternoon under the general direction of C. R. Gutermuth, director of the educational bureau of the Indiana Department of Conservation, who served as general chairman. Attending Hoosie^ sportsmen, in continuation of their meeting, Friday night heard A. M. Day, chief of Federal Aid in Wild-life Restoration in Washington, D. C., address the Sportsman’s Banquet.
The following telegram directed to the editor was received yesterday afternoon: GREATEST ISSUE NOW BEFORE AMERICAN PEOPLE WHETHER NATION IS TO FOLLOW TRADITIONAL FOREIGN POLICY OR AGAIN DIRECTLY PARTICIPATE FOREIGN WAR. BELIEVE POLL CONDUCTED ALL COLLEGE PAPERS SUBJECT “DO AMERICAN PEOPLE WISH TO ENGAGE IN FOREIGN WAR?” WOULD GREATLY CLARIFY PUBLIC THOUGHT. CAN YOUR PUBLICATION CO-OPER-ATE IN CONDUCTING POLL AND THUS HELP AT A TIME OF GREAT NEED FOR OPINION LEADERSHIP. J. Kelsey Burr, Jr., Director Youth Div, No Foreign War Committee. After talking with some of our staunchest isolationist friends we sent the following wire to J. Kelsey Burr: BARKING UP WRONG TREE. NO APPEASERS AT PURDUE. OBVIOUS AND ONLY ANSWER TO YOUR POLL QUESTION IS “HELL NO.” REAL ISSUE “DO YOU WISH HIT]pER TO WIN?” R. W. Donahue, Editor, Purdue Exponent. Piayshop Tryouts Annual Shoil Courses Begin January 29 |n Agriculture Begin For 'Night Must Fall' Tomorrow Morning
Dairy and farm management sections combined for a timely discussion of milk marketing problems (Continued on page 4) Faculty Bridge Club Will Meet Tomorrow The bridge group of the Purdue University Faculty Club will hold its next meeting tomorrow night at 7:30 o’clock in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. A special invitation is made to any member of the faculty club who ^desires to round out his list of acquaintances and attempt to master a few intricities of bridge. c.a.s.
Co-ed Hours Co-ed hours as announced by the WSGA Judicial Board for the period between semesters are as follows: Wednesday, January 22, and Thursday, January 23,12 o’clock; Friday, January 24, and Saturday, January 25, one o’clock; Sunday, January 26, Monday, January 27, and Tuesday, January 28, 12 o’clock; Wednesday, January 29, 11 o’clock.
Tryouts for “Night Must Pall,” Playshop’s third production of its thirteenth seasdn, have been scheduled for Wednesday, January 29, at 7 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Everyone, regardless of experience in dramatics, is urged by Director William L. Deam to try for a part. There will be only one tryout period this time, he said. The play has five parts for women and four parts for men. Three of the roles are the principals, Danny, the old woman, and the young girl, while the other six are very strong supporting characters. None of the parts are “walk on” or unimportant to the plot. Melodrama “Night Must Fall” is a psychological melodrama written by Emlyn Williams. It was first produced in London with the author directing and playing the part of Danny. The American movie version showed Robert Montgomery as Danny and Dame May Whitty, of the original English cast, as the old woman. Rosalind Russell was the third principal. This was one of the outstanding movies of 1937 by box-office returns and has been a favorite on the stage. The play will be given from March 6 to March 8 in Fowler Hall. Notice will be given when coupons may be exchanged for reserved seats. m.j.f.
Expecting an enrollment of 175 agriculturists from Indiana and surrounding states, the annual Eight Weeks Winter Course in Agriculture will open tomorrow morning with registration in Agriculture Hall. The four courses that are being offered this year are general agriculture, animal husbandry, dairy production and dairy manufacturing. The respective department of the school will administer the courses dealing with ten different subjects in each course. Classes will Imgin promptly each day at 8 a. m., including Saturdays. These courses mainly interest young farmers between the ages of 18 and 26, although the dairy manufacturing course is given for commercial workers in the field. V. C. Freeman, associate Dean of the School of Agriculture, said that these annual short courses began on the campus in 1887. Over four thousand people, mostly farmers, have registered during the 54 intervening years, e.w.n. Faculty Meeting To Members of the Faculty: The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, January 20, at 4 p. m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott, President.
1000 Highway Offken Expeded To Attend 27fh Annual Me^ One tliousand city, county and state officials, conteictors, materials and equipment men, and others allied with highway work are expected to attend the twenty-seventh annual University Road Schod whidi opens here tomorrow afternoon and will continue through day noon, Prof. Ben H. Petty, professor of highway engineering and chairman of the road school committee, said last night. Design of highways, construction methods, maintenance operations, equipment and traffic requirements will all be chief topics of discussion and addresses at the school, Professor Petty continued. Road Machinery Exhibit In connection with the five-day school the Highway Materials and Equipment Association wiU ^onsor a show at which the latest types of road building machinery apd supplies will be on display. This Road Show, in the Armory, will open late Tuesday afternoon to continue through Thursday noon. The five-day meeting will be launched with a general session tomorrow afternoon at which Earl W. Lockridge, chief engineer of the State Highway. Commission of Indiana, will preside. Following an address of welcome by F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president of University, and a response by C. Dana Ward, president of the Highway Materials and Equipment Association, the formal program will settle down to three addresses by outstanding authorities in road building fields. Noted Speakers C. H. Scholer, professor of allied mechanics at Kansas State Odlege, will discuss the present knowledge of concrete, Harry W. Lochner, assistant county highway engineer of Cook Goimty, Illinois, wiU present an illustrated lecture 6n arterial highways in metropolitan areas, and Don F. Stiver, superintendent of the State Highway Police, will of the role of the state police in highway safety. Tomorrow evening Tramp Starr, Hoosier poet and philosopher from Moores Hill, will be the principal speaker at a smoker for attending highway authorities. Tuesday Program Tuesday will be devoted largely to a series of separate sessions at which state highway maint^iance men, state highway consbructioa men, county road supervisors and county surveyors and engineers vriH (Continued on page 4)
Frary Tells AlChE Answer To After College-Then What?
By Robert Bancroft “After college—then what?” was the question asked of those attending a special meeting of the AIChE held in the main lecture room of the Chemical Engineering Building Tuesday afternoon, January 14. The speaker was F. C. Frary, nationally knowh director of research for the Aluminum Company ^of America and national president of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers. Aside from the possibility of being drafted into 4;he army, Frary said the young college graduate must decide between just a job or a career. The applicant should look at the character of the company to see if it is profiteering, progressive, and honest in all of its dealings. Business Ethics The amount of progressive de-^
velopment a company engages in is an indirect means of measurement of the employees’ chances for advancement in position and salary. The young job seeker should beware of the cut-throat competitive business where each man as well as each department is in a “survival of the fittest” competition. Is the company honest in its advertising, or does its control laboratory confirm false statements to be placed before the public is another question to be considered. Which Type The young engineer should size himself up as to whether he is the type for research, sales, or production according to his general aptitudes and ability-will he be able to get along with the type of people in this company and has he suffi-
cient training to compete with those with whom he will work? Rather than be an insignificant member of the personnel of aJiuge industry, a man of mediocre ability should locate with a medium sized or small company where his chances for advancement are much better since he will be in much closer contact with the management. Don’t take the job with the highest starting salary because the chances are that the company has to provide some sugar coating over undesirable features which are not evident at the first glance. Experience Rates Provided that the chances for obtaining valuable experience are favorable, the salary paid the first five years should be immaterial. Also, rather than planning to follow
the old plan of switching every year or so from one company to another, choose your company wisely and plan to remain settled and gain a “place value.” Otherwise, each employer will feel that either the man is after continuous increases in salary or he can’t get along with his co-work-ers—^neither of which is a desirable reputation to have. Consider Employer Besides asking himself what he wants, the applicant should determine what the employer wants. Although a man must have more than “exposed” himself to a technical education, he must have other abilities such as being able to express his thoughts clearly and concisely in good English and being able to work well with others.
Good character ranks high. It is very essential for a technical man to be honest. He can’t reject another man’s ideas one week as being impossible and then the next week come back with the very same ideas and claim them to be his own discoveries. Other Qualities A good engineer is energetic and doesn’t try to string out a two weeks’ job to three months nor is he the last one in and the first one out, having washed and put on his hat before the mad dash to the time clock when the whistle blows. Possessing good \judgment and knowing what to do and when to do it is of great importance for those desiring to be executives eventually. Never try to 1>luff your way through a job! It is fstall
Personality Counts! Personality is always carefully checked—^is the applicant friendly, open, frank, unselfish and straig^itforward, will he “wear?” Avmdl , being of the “gushing” type. Never try to push yourself forward, rather give the other man due credit. Never cease educating yourself— study your industry! By beteg Immble and a ^‘finend of the janitor” a youn^ engineer may obtain the valuable unwritten “inside hitemation” that the old timers have learned by long erp^nee to be true although they d»n’t knenr the reasons why. Be a phigger and gain your **plaee value” by QQQsdeirttously making the moat your Offsap- " tunities.V
JJ
fiapi 2 - Tlatiaa
Stitidciy, |<muory lfl« 1941
fiju/ubuL £xfumatit
»• 5<* Colmnn
Congress is a stubborn outfit. It seems. They just don’t Mke to be pushed around. For instance Mr. Roosevelt’s tssm policy «xf turning over lock, stock, and barrel to John Bull. He asks please can you whip this job out on the doable quick. And so far nothing happens, while all congress does is argue about it. Now if P. D. R. was on Ute ball, he Could outwit those sitdowners by shipping all the stuff to the British. Marked policy pending. * ♦ * That’s one way of getting things rolling in this country while they are still busy inking the red tape. at * * Only hitch to Franklin’s system is that he says if we want to preserve democracy we got to give it up. However, if we turn it over to him he will return it in good condition at a later date, he says. We can just picture his personal note: I Franklin Delano Roosevelt promise to pay, ninety days from date, to the American people one democracy. Only be wants more than ninety days. Now where we come froxp that is the time limit for a note with only a signature. If he wants more time he better scurry around. And drum up some collateral. * * * Of course as Mr. Roosevelt says the trouble with the democracy is that it takes too long to do anything. The populace talks while the politicians burn. And then the
The Purdue Exponent Kntered as •econil eiaea matter M the pMt office in t*fftyette, Ipdimns, under the met ot Congreu of Marcli t, 1879, and at the epecial rate of postage provided for ia section 1108, act of October 8,1917, authorised Januarr 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail safe: scription $8.60. Bditor-in-Chief K. W. Donahao Business Manager-—.. Merle Hageakeyar Publication Staff News Editor— — ——Jf. Bl. MeKee Managing EditorsD. K. Helple Associate Ec^rst W. & Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Buffner, R. M. Skallemp, J. L. Trattgott Butineu Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, O. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer: Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Oirealation Manager, R. M. Reektenwald. ^ Co-ad Staff Editor . . Beth Simpson Asswiate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sport* Staff EMltor —— —- J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swairo. Phones: Editorial 4005; Businas* 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College PuUlshers R^resentatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issuo Night Editor: Purcell Issue Editor: Nordimger Day Editor: Miller Night Sports Editor: Adamson Sophomore Staff: C. A Stockel, J. H Armstrong, J. F. Amos, J. S. Keeler, W H Hummel, E C Young and Martha J Fox
politicians have to put in their two cents. So it is inefficient! It’s lots of fun. — dkh
•The Ratio— 3.93 ...to 1
Finale don’t seem to phase some people, at least the number of pins going out seem to show this. One of the latest we have to add to our list in fact, it happened just the other night, is the pinning of Kappa Joan Cooper by Bob Hall of the Theta Xl’s. Our heartiest congratulations, you two. Speaking of the Theta Xi’s, the boys over there did a wholesale job of pinning over Vacation. Marvin Garrdtt, Jack Bremer, Jim Karn, and Mike Neyzi are all minus their pins. Nice going, boys. Girls Take Initiative The girls over at the Alpha Chi house aren’t satisfied to wait to be asked to take a pin, they put their’s out instead. Ann Anderson pinned Bill Simpson of the SPE house the other night, and Mary Jane Burton put bier pledge pin on Jr. Debris Ed. B(d» 'A^sns. “Button” certainly is starting to work for her Junior job early. What’s this I hear about Pi Phi, Jane'llobinson having an army ring and trying to keep it a secret. The truth will out. Kappas Take Pins By the way, we have two other pins in the Kappa house besides Miss Cooper’s to tell you about. Maxine King finally gave in and to<^ big Bill Neff’s SAE pin, and Betty Ann Carr took another Beta pin (she must like those guys a lot) this time from Bill Lindsay. Another pinning took place in the Alpha Chi house Sunday night. (This one’s legitimate.) Phi Delt, Don Jackson pinned Lillian Earle.
Jhmlif. JoJUl Be Good And Careful Along with finals come the inescapable “fiu” and colds, not only because everyone is study-drunk and run-down but also because of the lousy weather that always seems to accompany finals. In accordance with these conditions we quote from Dean of Men Fisher's and Dean of Women Stratton’s release to the presidents of student groups: “For the best interests of the ill students and their fellows it is desirable that the sick persons have quietness and freedom from visitors. The hospitals are trying to observe these requirements, but occasionally friends feel hurt because they cannot visit the patients.” The deans’ advice is for some one of the group interested in a friend taking a “rest-cure” to inquire at the hospital by ’phone and report the condition of the sick pal at dinner. Then steps to comfort him or stay away from him can best be taken. We quote further from the bulletin: “K any one of your number is ill in his room, you should see that he is isolated from his fellows and gets the best of attention. It is better for him to go to the hospital, or, if he lives within a hundred miles of the University, to go home, provided his people come aftei* him. He should not go by train or bus.”
Incidentally, that makes 9 Phi Delt pins out on campus co-eds now, and 5 of them are in the Alpha Chi house. Quite a monopoly, we calls it. If you’ll remember, Jim Wolff, of the Phi Psi house used to go steady with Theta Jackie Decker all last year, and when they finally split up, he swore up and down that he’d never go back, in fact he put some money on it. Well, you boys that bet with him can start collecting now, because he had a date with her Sunday night. No will power. Good luck on the finals people, and we’ll be back with you soon.
Connecticut college recently observed its twenty-fifth anniversary.
Vassar college is completing a topographical map of the world, covering a wall space 16 by 48 feet.
UMMEIU Stcurts TODAY
WIND STARTING THURSDAY, JANUARY Z3
LAFAYETTE
la The Churches,
The Wesley Foundation will present a musical vesper service this evening at the West Lafayette Methodist Church, beginning at 7 p. m. Mrs. F. J. Roberts will play on the organ “Prologue” by Rogers, “In Summer” by Stebbins, “Crux Ave Benedicta” by Kretchel, and “Magnificat” by Kretchel. S. E. Keller, baritone, will sing “O God Have Mercy” from “St. Paul” by Mendelssohn* “Shout Yo’ Glory” by David Guion, and “Ride On, King Jesus” by Harvey Gaul. And Miss Phyllis Baker will play “Melody” by Tschaikowsky. The public is invited without charge.
Classified Ads
FOR 8ALB Typewriters snd adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.75 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and muitigxaph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
spring mattress; three windows storm protected to one man for sixteen dollars per month. Tel. 6171$.
FOR RENT For Rent: RuBa-Rent>A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
For Rent: Single or double room with board. $80 00 per month. 806 Vine Street. 76978.
Methodist Students 9:30 a. m.—-Sunday School Co-ed Department—Open Forum Men’s Class at the Church—Topic: “New Light on an Old Book” 10:40 a. m.—Church Service— “Prevailing Prayer” Dr. Steele West Lafayette Church—Comer N. Chauncey and South Streets. 5:16 p. m.—Supper discontinued until February 2. 6:00 p. m.—Fellowship Hour at the Church. 7:00 p. m.—Musical Vespers—Organ, voice and violin.
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Program at Lafayette Christian Church 9:30 a. m.'—Student Class. Dr. Hadley will teach. This is a fine opportunity to hear one of our most popular teachers. 10:40 a. m.—Morning Church Service of Worship—Doyle Mullen will preach on the subject: “Can We Practice the Presence of God?” 5:16 p. m.—Forum. Shall assemble at 126 S. Chauncey to go in a body to the W. Lafayette Baptist Church where a joint meeting with the Roger Williams Club will be held. Let’s indicate our interest in Christian Unity by turning out.
University Presbyterian Church North Street, at Grant Rev. John W. Findley, minister and director. Tlev. Robert S. Thomas, ass’t. Sunday, January 19, 1940 9:30 a. m.—Discussion forum, Dr. Graves leading. Topic of discussion, “Meaning of Democracy.”
Saxophonists and Clarinetists Improve Your Playing Study with MAURIE BENNETT at the McLEAN MUSIC CO. 514 Main St. Phone 7917
TODAY - MONDAY TWO SWELL HITS — SPIES and SABOTAGE!
SAKITEi;. GfOLDWTir ptsst&ts
with WALTER BRENITAH FRED STONE • DORIS DAVENPORT
with OOROTHT EOVlfT JANET SHAW TIM RYAN
Mrui
NOW SHOWING TWO FEATURE HITS—
TRIPLE TROUBLE FROM THE TROPICS!
I WARNER BROS. TcnUhHUI
TORRID ZOHE
OIrMfMf By WM.KEI6HLEV
ANDY DEVINE • HELEN VINSON * JEROME COWAN • OEOROE TOBIAS m
PLUS
fPhy Did an Entire Town Call Her
UPSTART ANNE*?
For JRent: farge room available for 2nd eemester. Gas heat, automatic hot water. No other roomers. 223 S. Chauncey St. For Rent: Large well-lighted double room With comfortable twin beds, hot water, shower. Very reasonable. Call 2812. Rooms for Fellows: In new insulated brkdc home—gas heat—tiled shower—twin beds—private entrance. Ph. 2148.
For Rent: Half of double tomn. Twin beds. 609 Dodge St. Phone 8769.
Gentlemen: Newly furnished/ room, twin beds, innor-Spring mattresses, in pew home. 440 Wood Street, Ph. 6&001. Itei^nable. Gentlemen: One single room, a special price, single bed. 116 University St. Phone 66781.
For Rent: Front room upstairs for two students or employed couple. Private entrance. 410 Dodge St.
LOST LOST—^Man’s Gruen wrist watdh, gold with plated chain. Between Union and Chauncey St. Reward. Phone 61803.
Single Room For Rent: Available Jan. 22 in a new home at the comer of the campus. 608 Allen St. Phone 76911. For Rent: Single room, private entrance, continuous hot water. Warm and clean, $12. 314 Stadium Ave., Ph. 81974. For Rent: Very large DeBirable Room for two or has accommodations for three. 7242.
Lost: At Union Building, January 13, a Sigma Kappa pin. Reward. D. Steinmeier. 600 Farm Bureau Bldg., Indianapolis
WANTED Wanted: Two men students, knee hole desks, axminister rugs, single beds, continuous hot water. $9 each. Phone 2876. 108 Waldron.
For Rent: Boom and garage two blocks from campus, continuous hot water; inner-
10:30va. m.—^Worship and preaching service. Special music by University Church choir. Sermon by Thomas; topic: “None But the Lonely Heart.” 6:00 p. m.—Sunday Evening Club. Supper at six; discussion immediately afterward.
Roger Williams Club West Lafayette Baptist Church Joseph Baird Gleason, minister and pastor of students. 9:30 a. m.—Roger Williams Club Class; Ted Noss, teacher. 10:36 a. m.—Church Worship Service. Sermon, “I Believe in the Church Universal.” 5:30 p. m.—Roger Williams Club Fellowship Hour in charge of the Christian Foundation, who are to be our guests for the evening. 6:00 p. m.—Ten cent lunch. 6:30 p. m.—Dr. G. H. Graves will speak on, “How May I Grow Spiritually in 1941.” -
Waiited: Student to share apartment with 2 otheirs. Cooking privileged. 7242.
Wanted: Boy to work in kitchen. $10 on room and board. Call 76501. 231 Pierce.
Notices
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, January 28, at 7:80 p. m. in room 380 Of the EE building. Mr. J. A. Greet; will give * lecture demonstration on "loudspeaker testing." —REYNOLDS.
All Students: All students interested in joining University owned co-op house, 1186 Northwestern avenue, see H. M. Lord there, or Dean Fisher. Must know immediately. —LORD.
Undergraduate Dames: Card party Tuesday, January 21, at 7:80 p. m. in room 263 of the Union All attend. —OEB8TUNG.
Freshman Squash: Only informal practice between semesters. Courts will be available most of the time. Scheduled matches among squad members will begin with the second semester. —KNOLL
Co-eds: Swimming pool open every afternoon at 4 p. m. until Thursday, January 28. Mixed recreation will be held Friday, January 17, from 7:30 to 9:80 p, m. —RUSSELL
ARC
TODAY-MONDAY —
-AND —
ALSO-
A SPORT SHORT SUB}ECT
MARS -NOW PLAY1NG-
irS THE MOSTStmiko't lonuctty 19. 1941
1-
;
^tiB wtnrikiiig out in concontruted practice for their annual clash with Michigan are Coach Dick Papenguth’s tankmen. Although the trip to Michigan next Saturday may be new to- smne members of the team, Coach Papenguth will be at home on the hampus where he was a member of- the school’s first aquatic group. Naturally the Boilermakers expect keen competition since the Wolv^ riwok supreme in the Western Cofiference League, but Coach PapengUth has plans for building a friendly rivalry between^these two schools, and he expects in a few years-to bCi capable of defeating the Wolves. Lose TiT Purpjle As a (hrect result of the strain which the approach of finals puts on - the members of the swimming team, as well as upon everyone else, the Riveters, wm-e defeated by the
Minnesota 35; Chicago 24 Wisconsin 40; Michigan 30 Illinois.42; Northwestern 41 Notre Dame 53; Pennsylvania 37 Ohio State 49; Duquesne 33
Purple Wildcats of Evanston. This defeat has not worried Coach PapengUth to any great eytent, and he plans to meet Michigan next Saturday with the team in a spirit of high expectation. Major Sport? As a result of his experience at the northern institution, Dick is acquainted with the system of building a bunch of embyro mermen to championship proportions. , The feat was accomplished through Mann’s efforts, until now Michigan regards swimming as a major sport. This is precisely what Coach PapengUth has set out to do here at the University, and from the showing the team has been making, the date of this event is not far in the future, w.h.h.
//
By Virginia BarsoH After finals are over and the new semester is under way, WAA will lunge into a- new sports season. First on the program is the callout for the Intramural Swimming Meet, to be held Tuesday, February 18. All houses, halls and wards may participate. As many svnmmers as possible should be out for call-outs in the Gym on February 8 at 4 o’clock. Three practices are necessary. waa-— WAA Basketball Tea will be held February 6 at 4 o’clock. Co-eds will go to the Fieldhouse first where Piggy Lambert and the boys .will give a hardwood demonstration of plays. Refreshments will be served in the WAA office after the group gets back from the Fieldhouse.
A Red Cross Life Saving course will be offered to co-eds. Watch the bulletin board in the g3nn for more
Major David Uhr Will Join Armorod Corps at Ft. Knox Major David Lahr, a member oi the staff of the military department of the University for the past two years, has been ordered to report to Fort Knox, Ky., for temporary duty with the armored corps. It is expected that Major Lahr will receive permanent assignment to one of the new armored divisions being organized during the spring. First Lieutenant John J. Graham of Muncie and 2rtd Lieutenant Jack C. Vanderford of Hagerstown have reported for duty with the military department. Both men are University graduates, j.h.a.
information. . —^waa— Here are the results of the Intramural Riflery matches which were held Monday, December 16. North Hall took first place, Phi Mu second, and Kappa Kappa Gamma third. High scorers were Jean Lauer, North Hall; Evelyn Blair, North Hall; Mary Ruth Thprnburg, Phi Mu; Ruth Swift, Chi Omega; and Louise Blalock, Phi Mu. See you next semester.
Sub-Caverns In Fieldhouse Basemort
One Down-One to Go "
We hope that this past semester has been a pleasant and profitable one. Finals are nearly over, and we hope that your coming few days of rest will be pleasant ones.
Phone 4048 24 Hour Service
525 Alabama St. After You, We Come First
BUY YOUR DEBRIS AT THE DEBRIS BOOTH DURING
CO HHI pcs PQ M Q O O o z H H m o CO CO s H •k . . s O Q
CO D S < u
lO SS O CO w 3 n CO H n » st» m o h-4 CO H i3d > H 1-4 o 3
w a o c m
SHI NO N3MS31YS aHI JO ANY WOH J SlSSaa
By John Keder Far down in a little-used section of the sub-baseineiit of the Fieldhouse there exist three of perhaps the most iinp<»rt|Wt rooms, at least as far as athletics go, in this University. For it is to these rooms that every scrap of Gold and Black athletie equipment, tagged for intercollegiate sports goes first, upon arrival on campus. There it is stored, and there it is discarded when finally judged unserviceable. — . in 111 ■ ..-I Every Siwrt Represented . _ ^ Every sport, no matter whether Afl rYfpIlCillll nfiyflAfC ^ major or minor, is represented UUiflulJ in the huge amount of equipment _ • , on the shelves which line every wan. Too Staff Pin Lcaaue *“!?* i ■ ■ ■■■ Baw—in the slack season. Fall and Spring, T j- ,.1. TT • when more men are out for athletics. Leading the University Staff 4.1. _ -a- j • ,. T 4. OA the greatest activity down in Bowling League with a total of 30 ., , . „ . ' , the supply room. Annually however, games won and but 12 lost, the Ag- . , 4. . ,, 1 XI ... 4. . 4, m mid-summer, approximately ten ricultural Extension team IS far out .1, „ . ^ • . . 4. - ., j , . thousand dollars worth of equipm front of the second placers who . j ,• • 4.1. , 4., X 4 , 4. ment ordered earlier m the year are now in a hotly contested four- „ . j , 4. . •’ comes in, and several men must 4?’- „ 4. i.- , , work untiringly to bring order out In to group, all of the chaos that inevitably reigns. won_ 27 games, can be found the ^ Cml Engineers, the Agronomists, 4.t,e. _ 4. 4 . V 4 , aenvered during the summer, and the aecutive number two, and ^ ^ members of the English Depart- „ederlng anything eiae. Host of m^ earn. x. 4.- . tke time this works. Occasionally, However, the Executive squad , 4.1. • t . . , , 1, 4.4V 4 , however, something goes haywire, has the edge on all of the rest when , 4. , ., 4 , 4. , like last year when there suddenly it comes to individual sets and , j 4 j j xi c, . . . ■ begananunprecedentedandcontingames. Their high team set ran to j j 4? _ x i .X J XI . T. 4 'lovs demand for shoelaces. 2761 points and their best game garnered them 973 points. Lots of Trouble League standing One of the most difficult problems . _ . . ever tackled by the staff of the supCivil Engr. 27 16 ply room was that of fumishmg um27 16 forms within a few days after they i S first came out for the sport. Re-' Generar 26 17 markable success has been achieved AnlmS ■ II il ^y simply using the law of averages, ' 20 plenty of common sense and mass Chem. Engr. 22 20 production methods. Horti^"ture li 1? it seems that it is a simple mat_chem. 8 .21 21 ter merely to fill a block of slightly ExecutivZ i 21 21 overthenecessarynumber of lockers ch^miih^2'ZZZZ!iZZ.Zi;;“!; 19 23 with clothes to fit different size ■ 18 ^ playcts, and then, later <m when General EnigZ' '‘..r.Z'.Z..'. ™ ' 24 • the rush begins, send each startled 17 26 player to his own locker with every26, thing nicely arranged and waiting Chemistry 1 17 26 tOr nim. Ag^; Chem. 2 "HZZZZZZZ'ZZ. iL 27 judgment and a low percenChemistry 8 12 30 tage of misfits make the scheme GovernmentWillSeled^^^^^^ J t t T ■ • Life is always interesting for the UrduUdfCS lOr IrSilliniQ boys behind the Riveter athletic scenei^. Keeping equipment in tipCollege graduates will be selected top shape and getting it to the right for an internship training period in place at exactly the right time is no government administration which child’s play, and this is essentially has been provided for by the Na- the task of the supply room, So if, tional Institute of Public Affairs at when it’s qiiiet and monotonous Washington, D. C., for 1941; The down there, as it often is, don’t get training period will last for nine the wrong impression and think it’s months from September to June. easy. It took years of order and Further information concerning the planning to get things gradually course can be obtained from the of- running as smoothly as they do tofice of the Placement Service, a.c. day. (* "«v?y --AsW^^aKJ^iiVfcSs*
wm
j -fi
^ii^ ^~$£nitked
Sunday* January 19* 1941
fiuhdiUL £xftMUUdL
W/
S/
Hart on Capitol Hill
By C. J. Hart
Young To Retire February 1... (Continued from page 1)
In an attempt to learn what the British think about our ’planes, I attended, the other day, the press conference of Sir Hugh Dowding, GCVO, KCB, CMC and Air Chief Marshall, to boot! Preconceived notions about personalities may be out ordinarily. But, by Jove, a preconceived notion about a British Air Chief Marshall in America at this time isn’t out— in fact, it’s the bally, bloomin’ thing. The old boy was just like I thought he would be—tweeds, hornrimmed glasses, and a verve-y sort of way of answering questions which were, to say the least, stinging verbal paper-wads in disguise.
Sir Hugh Is Prepared Outstanding thing about Sir Hugh was the deliberate, yes, almost downright stubborn way, he stuck to his prepared series of statements about what he wanted to tell us. Reporters, for several reasons, crowded Sir Hugh with questions like, “What’s the matter with our planes?” or something delicate like that—at least in effect. Sir Hugh, having directed the resistance of the British in the air
Ag Conference Ends; 9,000 Attend...
(Continued from page 1) Friday. The discussion was dominated by an explanation of the federal milk marketing program by H. H. Erdmann, economist from the Market Administrator’s Office, Chicago.
At the annual banquet of the Indiana State Dairy Association Dean H. H. Kildee of Iowa State College said that in this time of conflicting conditions and opinions the best answer to the leadership question is contained in the life of the late Prof. Charles Sumner Plumb, professor emeritus of animal husbandry at Ohio State University at the time of his death and one of the founders of the association. This banquet was in celebration of the fiftieth birthday of the Indiana State Dairy Association.
Pennsylvania farmers will have an opportunity this spring to sow high quality Indiana oats, lespedeza and soybeans as a lesult of John Benham’s offer at the Indiana Com Growers Association’s luncheon to use Indiana-produced seed in some of his extensipn demonstrations. Benham is a University graduate and is now extension agronomist for the Pennsylvania State College. Upon his offer, several bushels of seed were pledged.
DANCE TO-NIGHT AT ALLEN'S BALLROOM IRV GIVEN AND HIS ORCHESTRA HOURS 8-11
ADM. $1.00 PER COUPLE INCLUDING TAX
PHONE 2150
AIXEN^SfTH ft FEBBT
against “the enemy” (Germany) all summer, knows how to flip back at you gracefully without splashing water in his own eyes. He nips off a cute little answer which must satisfy, gentlemen, and implicitly explicates that further attendance upon such a line of thought would be un-cricket, to say the least.
Photographers Go To Work In other words, the emissary of Lord Beaverbrook (that’s what he is. Sir Hugh; he’s here, in Washington, to find out about standardization of our ’planes and to tell us how the British are winning the war so that we’ll know what we’re about) is not interested in discussing subjects which he finds he is not interested in discussing. It was evident, really, that Sir Hugh had steeled himself for this press conference and he was bound and determined to carry it through for the sake of the Empire. But there were travails. During the course of the hour or so that the Air Marshall talked, photographers snapped his every cavort, his every grimace, his every smile, his every wry eyebrow uplift.
British Like Our 'Planes At one point. Sir Hugh said something like this: “Excuse me, gentlemen, if I sound a bit incoherent, at times, but ...” and then he eyes the photogs with all of the humor to be found at the fingertips of a British Air Marshall in America at this time who wears horn-rimmed glasses the rims of which he looks underneath. The inevitable joke was told, too. It was something about an old Britisher who had always hated the goveimment. He had previously complained incessantly about taxes. He felt outraged about current taxes, commenting that they were such and such an amount, and that they really should be such and such an amount (meaning much more). Some of the assembled reporters laughed. I laughed vei’y hard. Incidentally, the British like our ’planes. They want more.
T. M. Bushnell, in charge of soil survey work at the University, was elected president of the Soil Science Society of Indiana at a business meeting of the society last Thurs day night. The meeting was held in conjunction with the Agricultural Conference. Bushnell succeeds W. L. Baynes of Lafayette, state coordinator of the Soil Conservation Service. Other officers chosen include O. E. Ackerman of Logansport, vicepresident, succeeding Bushnell, and H. P. Ulrick, of the University staff, who was re-elected secretarytreasurer. r.m.w.
J. L. Lingo To Assume Post As Delaware Safety Aide Joseph L. Lingo, director of the public safety institute of the University, has l^en granted a halftime leave of absence from his University duties in order to serve as a consultant to the state of Delaware on safety procedures, a bulletin from the Executive Building stated last night.-
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 \9V2 Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Greeting Cards All Occasions SOUTHWORTH'S
• Jewelers
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C. "Red"' Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist' 504, Main St.
• Dairy Products
• Hardware
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
• Locksmith
• Photographers
Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
Cameras and Supplies Picture Framing HINEA PHOTOGRAPHER 634 Main St. Phone 7775
Shoe Repair
B05SUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
Road Men Gather On Campus Tomorrow (Continued from page 1)
Personnel Notes
his master’s degree in mechanical engineering from Harvard in 1910 and the degree of mechanical engineer from the University in 1903. He became head of the School of Mechanical Engineering in 1912. Athletic Activities Professor Young is widely known in athletic circles as chairman of the University’s faculty athletic committee and as president of the International “P” Men’s Club. He was a baseball player in his undergraduate days, and has long been known as an expert and enthusiastic golfer. He was an organizer of Pi Tau Sigma, mechanical engineering honorary, and was its national president for several years during its early history. In connection with locomotive research conducted here he made exhaustive studies of the locomotive as a fire hazard and is today the recognized authority on the subject. New Boss Professor Solberg, new administrative head of the school, received his B S M E degree from South Dakota State College in 1920 and joined the University staff soon after. Since that time he has received two degrees from the University, becoming a full professor in 1936. Nationally known for his research and writings on the subject of steam power generation, he is chairman of the critical pressure boiler research committee of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. Right-Hand Man ^ Professor Clark, who will become administrative assistant February 1, was employed for five years in 1 ailroad accounting woi’k before enteiing the University, where he graduated in 1926, later receiving his master’s degree. Following his giaduation he was connected with the air brake research project conducted at the University. Since 1931 he has been a member of the teaching staff, now holding the rank of assistant professor, j.h.a.
discuss their particular problems. The opening of the Road Show later in the afternoon will complete the program for Tuesday. Wednesday morning the program will be dominated by a discussion of the activities of the Joint Highway Research Project which is being conducted at the University in co-opera-tion with the State Highway Commission. Musical Groups Entertain The entire afternoon, Wednesday, will be set aside for inspection of the Road Show, while in the evening a special program by campus musical organizations will be presented in the Music Hall. Separate sessions Thursday miming will be followed by another general session. This general meeting will be addressed by James D. Adams of Columbia City, chairman of the State Highway Commission; H. G. Sours, of Columbus, O., president of the American Road Builders’ Association; and T. A. Dicus, who served as chairman of the State
(Editor’s Note: Personnel notices will appear in brief in this column. For complete details see the bulletin board of your school.) Company: Ranger Aircraft Engines, Farmingdale, L. I., N. Y. Company’s Products: (Division of Fairchild Corporation) Types of Positions: Student Engineering Course. Training Desired: Mechanical Engineering.
Company: Wright Aeeonautical Corporation, Patterson, New Jersey. Company’s Products: Airplane motors.
Representative: C. W. Cole. , Date of Visit: Februnry 26 aWn
February 26. Will Interview: Senior Mechanical Engineers. Types of Positions: Training course.
Highway Commission for the past four years. Beere Leads Discussion Sours will speak on “Military Demands on Our Highways” with discussion of his address to be led by Col. D. M.'Beere, commandant of the University ROTC Corps. Thursday night the highway men will banquet and hear Governor Henry F. Schricker and T. A. Boyd, director of development of the General Motors Corporation, Detroit, Mich., as the principal speakers. A joint session of all county officials will be among the concluding features of the five-day program Friday morning. The twenty-sev-enth annual University Road School will close, then, at noon on Friday, j.a.p.
Company: American Viscose Corporation, Wilmington, Delaware. Company’s Products: Rayon. Representative: E. A. Holts. Date of Visit: Early in February —to be announced. Will Interview: Senior ChE, EE, ME, Chemists. Types of Positions: Production, Design, Laboratory, Air Conditioning.
Company: Babcock and Wilcox Company, New York, New York. Company’s Products: Steam Power Plant Equipment. Representative: E. J. BflUngs. Date of Visit: February 4. Will Interview: Senior Mechanical Engineers. Types of Positions: Training
EASY WAY TO REDUCE Your Clothing Budget
Use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly. Saves garments — improves personal appearance.
iflowB hmwi
riME CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHEf
$
eclSH
$
for your
USED BOOKS
and DRAWING INSTRUMENTS
We pay 50% in cash for books in good condition, which will be used at Purdue next semester.
Highest cash price on all other books whether used \ at Purdue or not.
University Book Store
M. C. “Red*’ SAMMONS, ’29 r. “Doc” EPPLE, ’40 AcroM$ from the Union Building, next to the College Inn