-
...‘J
Purdue
Z-18S
Exponent
Lafayette. Indiana
SUNDAY
May 7. 1939
VoLSO
No. 176
Seniors To Hear Baccalaureate Sermon
Grads Throng Campus
For Gay Class Reunions
By Georgaim Schilling
“Back to Old Purdue” for one week-end was the thought of the hundreds of alumni and visitors assembled on the campus yesterday for the Gala Week celebrations. Returning grads found all kinds of entertainment, athletic contests, and social events planned for their amusement.
The Memorial Union Building re-
mained, as it has been since its origin, the center of ackvities and headquarters for class reunions. In the Union lobby, the halls, and over the campus walks thronged the the graduates, eager to visit their former haunts see the changes in equipment and methods, and investigate the numerous new buildings now under construction. Military Review The ROTC Military Review Friday afternoon offered the first student public activity of the Gala Week program. Two baseball games between the Boilermaker squad and the Indiana team attracted large crowds to the new baseball field on Friday afternoon and Saturday morning. Sports enthusiasts were also given an opportunity to see the varsity tennis team in action against Ball State Teachers’ College, and the track team compete with the University of Illinois thinlies. A seventy-gun salute opened the Founder’s Day celebrations at two o’clock yesterday afternoon on the Oval. At this impressive ceremoney a wreath was placed on the grave of John Purdue by members of the 1914 class who were observing their 25th anniversary. (Continued on page 4)
Chemical Society To Hear Address By Dr. Schelsinger
Flying
Club To Hold
Postponed Air Show
In the blue sky above the Pur- ’ * • 4 j-l T» _ J .n.ilJ|JWJL l/y UliC X X xjf Club will sponsor the air show that was postponed from last Sunday because of bad weather. The show will begin at 1:30. Open to all pilots who have five or more solo hours of flying, the contest will consist of three events; spot landing from 500 feet, spot landing from 1,000 feet, and bomb dropping. The entry fee is 50 cents. Individual prizes will be given to the winner of each event and a grand prize to the one who accumulates the greatest number of points. CAA pilots are invited to attend and the time will be counted on their CAA time. Awards for the meet may be viewed at the west desk of the Union.
Dr. H. I. Schelsinger, professor of chemistry at the University of Chicago, will be the last speaker to address the Purdue section of the American Chemical Society as the current season draws to a close tomorrow evening. He will be the guest of honor at a dinner in Memorial Union Building at 6 o’clock. At 7:30 o’clock he will speak on “The Hydrides of Boron” in the auditorium of Stanley Coulter Hall. From Minnesota Dr. Schelsinger, a native of Minnesota, received his B.S. degress in 1903 from the University of Chicago and in 1905 his alma mater awarded his Ph. D. After two years of research and study in Berlin and Strassburg, he joined the chemistry staff of the University of Chicago as associate professor, being elevated to the rank of professor in 1922. His talents in the fields of physical and inorganic chemistry were recognized by the Chicago section of the society in 1930-31 when he was made chairman of the section. Phi Beta Eappa Doctor Schelsinger is a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, a member of Phi Beta Kappa, and of Sigma Xi. From time to time he has published journals describing the results of his efforts; his most important publication being his textbook on General Chemistry, first published in 1925.
Ed Compiles Cook Book
Reporter Interviews McCutcheon, Ade
As They Attend Gala Week Cereimonies
By Mary Kay Best
Two of Purdue’s favorite alumni and Hoosierdom’s favorite humorists returned to the campus yesterday. John T. McCutcheon, class of ’89, kindly of face and manner, and George Ade, ’87, no less genial, were greeting old friends, viewing familiar scenes, and reminiscing on bygone college days. While watching the intra-squad football game, football is tops with Ade, the famous author of many humor stories chatted informally of his life since leaving the University. “College Widow,” which Ade wrote in 1905 and which is probably his most talked of play, deals with college and football—^the first play of its kind ever to be produced on the American stage. His next book will be “An Afternoon With Mark Twain,” a limited edition much anticipated by his numerous fans. Newspaper Man After leaving Purdue, Ade’s work dealt mostly with newspapers.
An Old Grad Returns
\
f
Back to help celebrate the seventieth anniversary of the University, John T. McCutcheon, dean of the Chicago Tribune’s staff of cartoonists, sketched the above cartoon of his impressions of the campus yesterday for the Exponent. In addition to the University celebration, McCutcheon observed his own sixty-ninth birthday yesterday.
Pulliam Will Speak Af Newsoaoer Dav
Ag Speech Contest Set For Thursday
Banquet On May 12
Collected while studying in Paris and Germany, a group of recipes of European foods have been compiled by H. M. Oshry, metallurgical graduate student, and will be published by Bobbs-Merrill Company during the summer. The book will be about 300 pages long and introduces new economical methods and styles of food preparation.
though he did spend some time with patent medicine. He worked on the old Lafayette Call and Morning News, both of which are no longer in existence. In 1890 he journeyed to Chicago where he was on the staff of the old Chicago News, the paper that later became the Record. He thinks James Whitcomb Riley the most interesting Hoosier that ever lived, has met Mark Twain and admires Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wilson. As a boy, George Ade was a “Dickens fiend,” like most men, blue is his favorite color, thinks golf a fascinating game; carries a cane; is a member of Sigma Chi fraternity; says that “blueberry pie a la mode is not to be sneezed at;” was editor of the Purdue Monthly Magazine years ago. McCutcheon’s Birthday Born about eight miles south of Lafayette, John T. McCutcheon the (Continued on page 4)
Eugene C. Pulliam, co-founder of Sigma Delta Chi, will be the dinner speaker at the third annual Newspaper Day May 12, Sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi, the meeting is held for all daily and weekly newspaper editors, Pulliam is the publisher of the Lebanon Reporter and owner of several newspapers in Oklahoma and Texas. He is also the owner of station WIRE in Indianapolis. Several Indiana newspaper editors and two University agricultural specialists are scheduled to talk during the day. The morning’s program will include talks by T. A. Coleman, acting head of the Agricultural Extension department. Prof. Lynn Robertson, assistant head of the farm management department. The afternoon’s program will include talks by E. C. Gorrell, publisher of the Pulaski County Democrat; Wray Fleming, president of the Hoosier Press Association; and Harrison McDonald, manager of the McDonald Advertising Company, Lafayette,
Symphonic Band Will
CAA Pilots Licensed
The completion of flying examinations the past two days has raised the number of licensed to 24, leaving approximately that many more to complete their training by means of additional flying hours. The 16 who received their licenses yesterday after approximately 36 h,ours of flying are: J. Mazur, C. Reed; J. D. Brown; R. B. Sitts; Reed, J. D. Brown, R. B. Sitts, A. H. Moninger, J. A. Ogle, R. B. Coen, G. Tredwell, G M. Ashton, R. Kimball, R. N. Schneblin, C. A. Reising, N. H. Lidgard, T. L. Tomaszewski, E. Hamer, and J. A. Chapin
Of. Alan Valentine Will Deliver Address; Ceremonies To Start At 2:30 In Fieldhouse
With the strains of the “March of the Peers” filling' the air, some 850 seniors and graduate students will march into the west end of the Fieldhouse this afternoon to hear Dr. Alan Valentine deliver the baccalaureate address at 4 o’clock. President Edward C. Elliott will introduce the speaker. ' The doors of the Fieldhouse will
Prominent Alumni Return To Campus For Gay Week-end
open at 2 o’clock and the procession of faculty and candidates for degrees will form at 2:15 in the eastern third of the building. At 2:30 the procession will move into the western two-thirds of the building. The audience will enter through the
west doors.
Sing “Italian”
With the assistance of the forensics board. Alpha Zeta, agricultural honorary will sponsor a speech contest for all undergraduate students in the agricultural or forestry schools to be held Thursday evening at 7:30 m rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Thre judges, one from the agricultural department, one from the speech department, and one outside person interested in agriculture will decide the winners of the contest. The speeches will be limited to seven minutes and the judges’ decision will be final.
Celebrities and big business men renewed) old acquaintances tihls week as Purdue’s graduates returned for their Gala Week celebration and homecoming. Ranging from writers and cartoonists to former All-Americans and corporation presidents, the former students of Purdue seemed to enjoy the festivities and events that were arranged. Among the 863 Purdue alumni who returned to the campus to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the University were the following: Humorist and dramatist George Ade, 87; John T. McCutcheon, ’89, famous cartoonist long associated with the Chicago Tribune; David E. Ross, ’93, president of the Board of Trustees and President of the Ross Gear and Tool Co.f famous AllAmerican Purdue and Army star Elmer Q. Oliphant. Burr S. Swezey, ’13, retiring president of Alumni Association, Lafayette, president of the Lafayette National Bank; Barton R. Gebhart, ’24, vice-president of the Wilmington, Chicago, and Franklin Coal Co. Firitz Ernst, ’99, v|ice-president of the American Steel Foundries, Chicago; Larry Downs, ’95, chairman of the board of directors of the Illinois Central Railroad; C. W. Morey, ’97, president of the Chicago ^^Technical College; C. S. Rauh, ’04, president of the Rauh Chemical Co., and president of the Indianapolis Scockyardb. W. E. Webb, ’06, Chicago Board of Trade; Charles Cottingham, ’92, division of patent office, Washington, D. C.; H. W. Reimann, ’03, first Purdue basketball coach and captain, Shelbyville; Dexter Buell, ’99, Omaha, Neb.; C. H. Quinn, ’99, petroleum executive, Los Angeles, Cal.; R .B. Stearns, ’89, New England utility executive.
After the processional played by the Purdue Symphpnic Band while the audience stands, the assembly will sing the hymn, “Italian,” by Giardini, and unite in prayer with the Reverend Harry B. Parker, pastor of the Presbyterian church, of Delphi. Reverend Parker will thmi lead the assembly in a responsive reading. “The Blind Ploughman,” by Clarke, will be sung by the University Choir accompanied by the
University Orchestra.
Preside^ of Rochester U. President *f the lUniversity of Rochester, Dr. Valehtine is one of the youngest men to hold the office of president of an institution of higher learning. After graduating from Swarthmore College in 1921 and receiving his master’s degree from the University of Pennsylvania the following year. Dr. Valentine received honorary bachelor and master’s degrees from Oxford
University in England.
The subject of Dr. Valentine’s address has not yet been disclosed. Following the address, Albert P. Stewart, University musical director, will again lead the Universi^ Choir and the Orchestra while the Choir sings “Holy is the Lord Our God.” The Reverend Parker will pronoimce the benediction and the Purdue Symphonic Band, under the direction of Prof. P. S. Emrick, will play: “Hail, America!” by Dirumm,
for the recessional.
Nicaraguan Head To Visit Purdue
Johnstown Wins
Engraved medals will be awarded to first, second, and third place winners. In addition to this, a cup will be awarded to the organization represented by the winner of the contest. All entrants should be made by Monday evening by leaving name of entrant and the title of his speech with H. H. Stonaker at 14 Waldron street.
Johnstown, 7-10 favorite, won the annual Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downs yesterday by eight lengths. Challedon and Heather Broom were the entries finishing second and third respectiydy* i
Anastasio Somoza, president of Nicaraugua, and at present, honored guest at the White House, will visit Purdue on May 11, as a guest of Purdue and President Elliott. Traveling to San Francisco by way of Chicago, to attend the World Fair there, the President will come to Purdue in his private car accompanied by Minister Extraordinary DeBayle and their families. President Somoza and Minister DeBayle are uncles of Purdue student Luis Y. DeBayle, sophomore chemical engineer.
Today^s Program
Give Open Air Concert
Immediately after the Baccalaureate ceremonies the Symphonic Band will present an open air concert in front of Fowler Hall. The program will begin at approximately 4:30. First number on the program will be “Jolly Roger Overture” by Suppe. This will be followed by selections from Rudolph Primo’s musical comedies. A comet trio will then play “Bolero.” “Lustpeil Overture” by Keler-Bela will follow and “My Hero March Militaire” by Strauss will end the concert. After the concert a brief interval of group singing is planned. The program calls for farewell sopgs, cheers, and goodbyes. »
9:00 a. m.—Breakfasts and business meetings as scheduled by the class secretaries. 10:00 a. m.—Open House—President and Mrs. Edward C. Elliott’s home, 515 South Seventh street. Golf—Choice of courses. “P” Men’s golf tournament—West Lafayette Country Club. 12:10 p. m.—GALA WEEK DINNER—^Frank King, ’89, presiding—^Memorial Union ballroom. Presentation of Golden Anniversary Certificates to ’89 class. Presentation of Loyalty Certificates to ’94, ’99, ’04, ’09 fflasses. Presentation of Silver Anniversary Certificates to ’14 class. 2:30 p. m.—^Review Faculty-Senior Academic Profession—^raising of the 1939 flag. ' Gala Week visitors march in rear of academic procession to the Fieldhouse. 3:00 p. m.—Baccalaureate—Speaker, Dr. Alan Valentine, President University of Rochester—Purdue Fieldhouse. Section reserved for the alumni. 4:00 p. m.—Mike Murphy, world famous stunt flyer—“What Should Not be Done With an Airplane”—Purdue University Airport. 4:30 p. m.—Purdue Band Conceit in front of Eliza Fowler Hall. Farewell songs, cheei s, and goodbyes. DON’T FORGET The Art and Cameia Exhibit—Memorial Union Building. Seeing your Alma Matei fiom the air—Purdue University Aii-port. Exhibit of work by students in Applied Design Classes—Building No. 2 (Old Pharmacy Building). The Annual Freshman Egg Show (all day and evening)—Poultry Building.wSIfts
£diiBhiaL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
J»SUXhjUlJlL/L
Sunday. May 1. 1939
■jpcr
#
News ,2i Week • President Strengthens Defenses. In Canal Zone. • 'The Yearling" Wins Pulitzer Prize Award. • 6,000 More Miners Idle In Soft Coal Strike. • Poland Takes Firm Stand Against Germany. WASHINGTON Danger of Enemy ... ... fleets slipping through the Caribbean Islands guarding the Atlantic approach to the Panama Canal is minimized now as the army recently placed the entire area under unified military command. The President asked for 21 million 62 thousand dollars to increase the canal garrison. Also in the President’s request was a 185 million 440 thousand dollar sum for starting an’air corps expansion movemeijt. Florida Ship Canal ... ' ■
... plans were critized as an unwarranted extravagance in the Senate this week. The project woiild employ an estimated 20,000 persons, and would benefit 74 per cent of the population. Cost would be approximately 30 million dollars. FDR’s Three New ... ... agencies incorporating under three distinct divisions all the public works, welfare, and lending activities of the administration, seems virtually certain of enactment on June 24. Only fly in the ointment would be the unexpected adjournment of congress. Opposition in the House to the President’s first bill passed a last chance to defeat it when a rejection resolution was voted down late this week. Reduced Taxes ... ... is the framework of a bill, being whipped into shape this week in the House, to revise’the social security system in an effort to provide tax relief for employers and more benefits for employees. Navy’s Finances Rose... ... this week as a bill providing 163 million dollars for fighting equipment of the army and adding new ships to the navy was signed, by the President. Six million additional was granted toward overhauling of five old battleships. The navy term of enlistment will be increased from four to six years, effective July 1 when the enlistment of 5,000 recruits is expected to be finished. Immediately after passage of the 153 million dollar bill, a House committee proposed a 770 million dollar appropriation to include funds for 23 new warships and 600 airplanes. NATIONAL "The Yearling” ... ... by Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings, was awarded the $1,000 Pulitzer prize this week as “most distinguished” novel of the year. Other awards announced by the committee were a $1,000 prize for Robert E. Sherwood’s play, “Abe Lincoln In Illinois,” now current on Broadway, and a $1,000 award to Frank Luther Mott for his “most distinguished book of 1938 in the history of the United States,” which was his “History of American Magazines.” Falling Short... ... of its million visitors estimate, the New York World’s Fair opened April 30, presenting its $160,000,000 super-spectacle to an approximated 600,000. Reason for reduction of anticipated crowds was inclement weather which prevailed nearly the whole opening day. Treasury Department... . . . officials announced late this week that agents had seized approximately $30,000 worth of Parisian gowns and jewelry in the apartment of Mrs. James C. Ayer, Gotham social registerite. Custom men charged that the confiscated goods had been smuggled into the country duty free. BUSINESS Soft Coal Miners’... . . . -wholesale walkout gained momentum late this week when strikes spread through Indiana’s entire soft coal section, leaving 6,000 more men idle. Cessation of work in the mines was due to loss of wage and ho-ur contracts, the last of which expired March 31. Work has been continued since that time under temporary agreements. Union oflScials and mine operators have not reached any agreement over several clauses in the
new contract. The shutdown is not expected to approach serious stages unless it lasts more than 10 days, time necessary to exhaust the supply of coal above ground for use in industry. America’s railroads are assured of at least 30 days operation without serious complications. Speedy Settlement ... . . . of the deadlocked mine union leaders and Appalachian soft coal operators’ difficulties was asked by President Roosevelt late this week. If early agreement is not reached, a serious situation would result in New York City, including the shutdown of the rapid transit lines. The President’s telegram was addressed to Dr. John R. Steelman, federal labor conciliator. Commented Dr. Steelman, “The telegram spoke for itself.” "You Can No More... . . . spend yourself into prosperity than you can drink yourself sober,” was the gist of the rebuffs hurled at big business and administration alike by Senator Pat Harrison (D. Miss.) at the United States Chamber of Commerce annual dinner this week. He warned that there would be no sweeping re-vision of taxes at any time until the federal spending is curtailed. FOREIGN Ma?^im M. Litvinoff... ... veteran Soviet Russian diplomat retired from the service this week, surprising diplomats throughout Europe. Litvinoff, veteran of Russia’s foreign affairs since 1921, has turned his job over to Stalin’s righthand man, Viacheslav Molotov. Since no reason was given for Litvinoff’s retirement, it was rumored that he was dismissed because W.*. O X V/X. vXkJMA yx. JLVV&0*9XC* O X quest for a military alliance with Great Britain and France. Poland Will Stand Firm ... . . . Col. Josef Beck, Poland’s foreign minister, assured Britain’s Parliament in an answer to Fuehrer Adolf Hitler. Colonel Beck guaranteed that Poland -will not agree to Germany’s demand for Danzig’s annexation, and amid a great applause ended by saying: “There is only one thing in the life of men, nations, and, states that is without price—^that is honor.” Co-ed Classes Dress Miniature Dolls In Latest Vogue Styles “Miniature Mannequins” designed by the Applied Design 64 classes are now on exhibit in building No. 2. The mannequins are 18 inch dolls, padded to resemble human figures. They are dressed in costumes designed and made by the girls. A great deal of work has been put into the sewing of the dresses because of the small size of the dolls. The tiny models resemble pages from Vogue. A variety of types of dresses show bright gypsy costumes, gay striped dinner dresses, sophisticated lace formals, some flowered prints, several demure brides, and some “little girl” styles in organdies, checkered taffetas, and chiffons.. Features of each doll are painted on to carry out the idea expressed by the dress. Sweet, coy, blase, and sophisticated types have been created by the facial expressions on the dolls. Unusual effects have been obtained from their wigs made of human hair, angel’s hair, and gold kitchen cleanser brushes. The exhibit will be held in building No. 2 for visitors on Mother’s Day, May 13.
Bob Zuppke, Illinois Coach, Displays Original Painlings Af Union Musk Room Salon In an exhibition depicting land and seascapes throughout the country, Bob Zuppke, head football coach at the University of Illinois, presents his talents to Purdue students in the music room this week. Zuppke has followed the hobby of painting for several years during his stay at Illinois. The exhibition contains examples of Coach Zuppke’s earlier efforts as well as paintings following his new style. A semi-realistic, brilliantly colored canvas “Character of Arizona’ ’is typical of his earlier efforts. It emphasizes interlocking of design and presents a departure from the ordinary in its makeup. As he became interested in painting and utilized his talents in a more orthodox manner, he started to have more freedom -with his brush and his paintings showed this change in their more realistic attitude. “Straits of Alaskan Coasts” is an example of his present trend. The exhibition totals 16 paintings and includes scenes from Colorado, Arizona, Illinois and several views of Alaskan sea coasts. Newman Club To Interview Prospective Officers A nominating committee composed of Georgianna McClin, Virr ^ ginia Kungel, Marian White, Bill Reed, Steve Novak, Eileen Bower, and T. B. Glazebrook, former officers of the Ne-wman Club, will inter■view prospective officers for next year, beginning at 4 p.m. tomorrow in room C of the Union.
WBAA
"THZ VOICK OF PURDUB” —^Tomorrow— 11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, American Institutions. 11:60—^Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—Sports Review, Dick Shively 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market Reports. 1:00—Town Crier. 1:15:—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Story Time. 1:46—Jewell Cox, pianist. 2:00—Magic Carpet. 2:30—Foods, Facts, Fancies. 3:00—Concert Review. 4:00—Melody Moods. 4:16—Lyric Strings. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
Cinema Cnee
GRIN AND BEAR IT B^ LidMv
Show: “Pygmalion.” Where: Lafayette Theater. When: May 7-10. George Bernard Shaw’s stage masterpiece has been transmitted with all its powerful satire to the screen. Leslie Howard is ideal in the role of the esthetic, scholarly master of phonetics who faces the world behind hom-rimmed glasses and a wall of cynicism. Wendy Hiller ranks as one of the screen discoveries of the year because of the strange, haunting beauty and her magnificent acting in the role of the little Cockney flower girl, transformed into a regal beauty who charmed duchesses and counts. Leslie Howard brings about the transformation and then falls in love with the new Eliza, just as Pygmalion, the ancient Greek fell in love with his beautiful statue. Crisp, witty, typical GBS dialogue added to a heart-warming love story produces a picture which has received the acclaim of critics as the best of the year, a picture that was held oyer for weeks in all the large cities in which it was being shown. Co-eds' Wares To Be Modeled Af HE Show Students of the home economics clothing classes are furnishing the costumes that -will be modeled at a style show for mothers on Saturday, May 13, at 10:30 a. m. in the Home Economics auditorium. Hats made by the students in the senior millinery class this semester -will
NOW PLAYING
ARC
TODAY —MONDAY
i©eE.BmiiN niRTIHG^fATfi wM LE® CARRILLO w BMtkROBEBTS * WytMeiBSOH. SMtlDUNji A DAVID L. LOEW Productloa
' and'
— WITH — HENRY WILCOXON MARIAN MARSH —- also — SHORT SUBJECT
De HAVIILAND .ANNSHERIPAN ^ Bruce Cabot • Frank m McHugh • Alan Hala
TYRONE POWER HENRY FONDA NANCY KELLY RANDOLPH SCOTT Henry Hull Slim Sumniervilli I. Edward Bromberg Brian Oonleyy TODAY-MON.
LUMA
f,.-.
‘So you were on a business trip, eh? Then what are your golf clubs doing in the closet?”
also be displayed. The back drop for the style show will be bolts of draped material furnished by Loeb’s. The models will make their entrance to the stage between the blades of a large pair of pinking shears. The effect of a
clothing laboratory will be given by two dressmaking forms on either side of the stage. Betty Hegele is in charge of the show arrangements. Marge Poor will announce and explain the dresses as they are modeled.
MaiCI
SUNDAY THRU WED. BOTH FIRST RUN HITS
¥iil@INIA WEIEILER PEGGY SHANNON — Plus — A Trainload of People Saw Her Disappear . . . Bat Not One of Them Would Admit It! THE LADY VANISHES the most thrilling picture Hitchcock ever made! — with — Margaret Paul Michael LOCKWOOD LUKAS REDGRAVE
/ /
taCeosu
PYGMALION IS AN OVERNIGHT SENSATION! From Broadway to Hollywood all America is laughing, cheering and chuckling! Never such crowds! Never such enthusiasm! (8 out of 9 New York critics picked “Pygmalion” as one of year’s 10 best!)
_ Plus — ALL COLOR CARTOON
FLOYD GIBBONS True Adventure
w'ith'Amazing New Star WENDY HILLER WILFRID SCOTT MARIE LAWSON *; SUNDERLAND • LOHR
Starting TODAY
r 'Sunday# May 7,1939
THE FDBDDE
SiufdA^
EXPONENT
Hoosicrs Defeat Boilermakers In Ninth, 7-6
Track Team Defeats Illinois, 66V3-59V3
Weber, Shacklefon, Gutting Set New Purdue ^ ij -r iif* io m DorArrfc In Chnf Du( iAH Yaril Dim HiirHlM UOlCl I 63 HI WIHS^ IJ" IZ
In Intra-squad Grid Game
Records In Shot Put, 440 Yard Run, Hurdles Led by Steve Gutting, winner in two hurdle events, Purdue’s track squad defeated Illinois, 66 2-3 to 59 1-3, yesterday moming in a record-breaking dual meet at Ross-Ade Stadium. Four outdoor Purdue records were broken, three by Purdue and one
by the visitors.
Forest Weber opened the hostilities of the morning by breaking the shot put record he recently established during the meet with Wayne when he threw the shot 48 feet 1-4 inch. His old record was 47 feet 8 inches. Ed Holderman ran a 4:24.5 mile to defeat his teammate “Torchy” Knapp in the first track event of the day. '■ —
Montague’s extra point place kick after a first quarter touchdown pass from Byelene to Sprowl furnished the Boilermaker Gold squad with the necessary margin for a 13-12 victory over the Black squad. Many substitutions were made in the game that saw the Gold squad score early in the first quarter after the stage was set by a fumble by Yeager of the Black squad. Byelene passed to Montague for "" ' '
Optimistic “Red” Shackleton broke his 440 yard dash record by three-tenths of a second when he broke the tape in 49.5 in his race after previously stating he would. Dan Fisher, who had beaten Shackleton in his first race at the Wayne meet with record-breaking time, came in third following Downs, Illinois middle-distance man. Hurdles Record Falls Steve Gutting broke a Stadium record in his 120 yard high hurdles win when he set a 14.5 mark. Art Bodeau led two Illinois men to the tape to gamer a first place for the Riveters in the half-mile run. Clevett, followed by Knapp, made it one-two in the two mile run.
Charley Reeves, Piirdue distance man, put on a brilliant ,sprint at the end of his two-mile stint to garner a third place and nose out the Illinois man. Eric Wadleigh, Boilermaker sprint star, won first place in the 100 yard dash in a very closely contested match. Diefenthaler, Illinois high jump artist, broke the Stadium high jump record when he went up in the air to a height of 6 feet 6 1-4 inches. Sikich and Haviland followed him in order leaving the Riveters without a point in the high jump. Illini Takes Field Events Illinois’ squad was strong in the (Continued on page 4)
a first down, and after three unsuccessful attempts to gain, Byelene again passed, this tiip^-"^ Sprowl, for a touchdown. Montague’s kick was good. Blacks Score The Black squad, led by Galvin and DeWitte, marched down the field after the Gold kickoff. After a punt by DeWitte touched by a Gold linesman, was recovered by Galvin, the Blacks got three first downs to put the ball on the Black five yard line. DeWitte plunged through the line three times, going over the third time to make the score, Gold 7, Black 6. DeWitte’s place kick for the extra point was wide.
Click!
Now that spring is really here, all you camera fiends must take advantage of this fact. There are many photographic contests being started now. But remember that it takes high-grade equipment to turn out a prize winning picture. We have the latest cameras, films, and other equipment which you will need.
HINEA'S STUDIO
634 MAIN STREET
PHONE 7775
Turn Your ASSETS Into CASH Use TBE Purdue Exponent CLASSIFIED SERVICE
Business Phone — 5038
No scoring took place in the second quarter. The Gold squad was led during this time by Welsch and Byelene, while Carter and Galvin were running the ball for the Black team. Third Quarter Opening the second half, after Morningstar’s kickoff to the Gold 42-yard line, Byelene, Petty, and Welsch rushed the ball to the Black 11 yard line in three first downs. Here the Black line held and took the ball on downs on its two yard line. On the second play after DeWitte kicked out on his own 33 yard line, Byelene passed to Rankin who went to the two-yard line before being forced out of bounds. Montague scored the second Gold touchdown on a quarterback sneak. Montague’s kick for the point was blocked by Frank Bykowski making the score Gold 13, Black 6. During the rest of the third quarter and early part of the last quarter, the two teams forced each other up and down midfield. Both teams ran several first downs, but no deep advances were made. Travis Scores In the waning moments of the last quarter, Yeager took the ball from center, handed it to Travis, who showed an excellent piece of open field running in eluding several Gold tacklers and dashed 53 yards for a Black touchdown. The Black team lost its chance for a tie when the ball was fumbled after Lindsay handed the ball to Mullen on an end around attempt to make the extra point.
in with the tying run after the
catch.
In the ninth Cox and Corriden were tossed out at first but Mackiewicz fumbled Kosman’s grounder, putting the Hoosier shortstop on first. Kosman stole second, and Gwin drove him home with a hit to center, giving the visitors their win-
ning margin.
The box score and summary:
INDIANA Corridep, rf Kosman, ss . Gwin, cf Cromer, lb . Danielson, 2b Andres, 3b
Dro, c
Bloom, If . . Hundley, p .
Cox, p
AB
5
.. 4 . 5
2 4 4 4
.... 4 .. 2 .... 1
R
0 1 0 1 2 2 1 0 0 0
Teams Falter During Weekend Indiana University’s baseball team retaliated yesterday morning after losing the first game of the Purdue-Indiana series, and edged out the Boilermakers, 7-6. However, the Gold and Black maintained first place in the Big Ten as the challenging nines each lost one of their games this week-end. Pitcher Hundley and catcher Dro led the Hoosiers with five of their eight hits.
Cromer started the second inning with a walk and went to third when Dickinson misjudging Andres’ long fly, went back for it, and then let it drop for two bases. Bredewater fanned Danielson, but Dro singled to left and both runners scored. Bloom struck out, but pitcher Himdley tripled to deep right and Dro came home with the third tally of
the inning. First Run
Smithson, Bredewater and Dickinson singled in the third to put across the first Boilermaker run. Bredewater gave up another run in the fourth when Thompson threw wild on Danielson’s grounder and Hundley drove him in with a single after two men were out. A wild fourth inning added three luns for the Boilermakers and tied the score at four all when two singles, a walk, and three Hoosier errors sent Thompson, Smithson, and Arnold Bredewater home.
Sad Sixth
Neither team hit in the fifth, but the Hoosiers went into a 6-4 lead in the sixth. Andres singled to left and went to second when Dickinson dropped the ball. Danielson then drove the ball into left field for what was originally called a foul ball, but when the Indiana team jumped off the bench and put up a vociferous protest, the two officials got together and, after considerable debate, reversed the decision, putting the Hoosier first baseman on base and counting a run for Andres. Dro then singled to right, Danielson going to third, and crossing the plate later while the Boilermakers were executing a double play. In the home half of the seventh. Dean hit to right, Thompson walked, and Art Bredewater singled to center sending Dean home and Thompson to second. Hundley then left the mound and Cox, a left hander, came in for the Hoosiers. Last Purdue Run Smithson sacrficed, then Wargo, who came in for Bredfewater to start the seventh inning, hit a long fly to center and Thompson came
Totals ... 35
PURDUE AB
Hearne, 2b 5 Dickinson, cf 5 Yeager, If 5 Mackiewicz, 3b .. 4 Dean, rf 3 Thompson, ss .... 2 Bredewater, c .... 3 Smithson, lb . 4 Bredewater, p . 3 Wargo, p 0
R
Totals
.... 34
H
0 0 1 0 1 1 3 0 2 0 8
H
1 2 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 9
E
0 0 0 0 0 2 1 0 1 0 4
E
0 2 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 0
HAYS JEWELRY CO. ilAST SIDE OF SQUARE FUVE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
Runs batted in—^Dro 2, Hundley 2, Dickinson 2, Danielson, Bloom, Gwin, Art Bredewater, Am. Bredewater, Wargo. Two base hits—Dro. Three base hits—^Hundley. Sacrifices—Smithson, Dean, Thompson 2, Wargo. Stolen bases—Kosman, Dickinson. Double plays— Am. Bredewater to Thompson to Smithson; Arn. Bredewater to Heame to Thompson to Snoithson; Andres to Cromer; Corriden to Andres. Left on bases—Purdue 9, Indiana 6. Bases on balls—off Bredewater 4, Hundley 3, Cox 1. Strikeouts—^By Bredewater 6, Wargo 1, Hundley 4. Hits—Off Bredewater, 6 in 6 innings; Wargo, 2 in 3 innings; Hundley 9 in 6 innings (none out in the seventh); Cox, none in 3 innings. Passed ball—^Dro 1. Hit by pit(died ball—Mackiewicz (by Hundley). Winning pitcher — Cox. Losing
pitcher—Wargo.
Mil
Economize ' NOW!
Put Winter Togs Away CLEAN in one of American’s Real Cedarized Moth-Proof Bags. You’ll be glad you did next fall. Call us NOW for pick-up, before the winter’s grime gets set in the fabric! American! 3085 Dependable Dry Cleaners
Iowa, 9; Chicago, 6 Chicago, 111., May 6. (Special)— Iowa’s Big Ten champions took the second game of its week-end series with the Maroons 9-6. The victory was the fifth of the season ior the Hawkeyes against two losses in the Big Ten campaign. Ken Reid was the winning hurler for the Hawkeyes.
FINGERTIP ROMANCE By One of Peggy Sage's new Sentimental Trio of nail polish shades . . . Nosegay, Heartbreak, Goldrush ... for an oldfashioned Spring. It's a fragile flower-pink for your moonlight-and-roses moments in cyclamen and violet frocks, and pretty pastels. SIXTY CENTS The Polish Thai "Wears Like Iran”
LOEB&HCN6COMRAKY
13[aaaL (Ml
THE PURDtIE EXPONENT
n^nficoA.
Sunday, May 7, 1939 Q
\
Founder's Day Banquet Aired Over WLYf In Broadcast From Union Last Night
Special events are everyday occurrences for Jerry Burns and Herbert Flaig who handled the coast to coast broadcast of the Founder’s Day Banquet in the Union ballroom from 8 to 8:30 last night.. Burns is the chief special events announcer for WLW while Flaig is the spotter for the team, digging up the events and arranging the primary details for the shows. Flaig came up last week and got a general idea of the program and checked the copyrights for the music. Last night’s program was amplified here and then sent over a special wire direct to the studios of WLW where it was monitored and then amplified again before being sent to the broadcasting towers. Among the special events which Burns and Flaig have covered are the All-Star game in Chicago last fall and the Easter pageant at Marion this spring. At present they are preparing for the annual Memorial Day Races at the Indianapolis Speedway. The program last night was announced by Burns and produced by Flaig. Glen Meriaman acted as the assistant producer. Burns and Flaig were accompanied by Bob Booth, EE ’33, technician in charge of the short wave broadcasts of special events. Booth’s visit is purely a soRiveter Net Squad Trounces Armour Tech Team, 7 To 0 Playing- under a burning sun Purdue’s tennis squad blanked visiting Armour Tech team here yesterday, 7-0. Coach LaBree’s men took five singles and two doubles matches in succession from the Tech men. Opening the hostilities, Herb Fuente vanquished Natincheck of the invaders in three sets, 6-2, 3-6, 6-2. George Alexander won his individual match in two sets from Swanson of Armour, 6-4, 6-2. Other Singles Winners Dave Blitz continued the slaughter by beating Lange, Tech singles man, 6-1, 6-0. Jim Hebbeler, junior netter defeated Biddle 6-3, 6-1 .Tom Jackson of Purdue’s squad completed the tennis singles matches by downing a hard-fighting Tech man, Wagner, in two sets, 6-2, 9-7. The squad meets DePauw here Monday in its eighth match of the season. Prof. Middleton Will Be Honored On 70th Birthday Professor A. R. Middleton, whose seventieth birthday is May 8, will be honored at an informal dinner at Lincoln Lodge tonight at 6:30, He is to retire from active service at the close of the current semester. Twice he has served as head of the chemistry department at the University. For many years he was editor of the inorganic section of Chemical Abstracts. His rigorous course in qualitative analysis has been an example of how a course can be well organized. Those interested in attending should contact Dr. F. J. Allen of the chemistry department. Intramural Schedule BASEBALL —Tomorrow— Diamond 1— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 2— Sigma Pi vs Triangle. 3— Alpha Chi Eho vs Phi Kappa Sigma 4— Theta Xi vs Sigma Chi. 6—Delta Tau Delta vs Kappa Sismia. 6— ^Theta Tau vs Phi Pi Phi. 7— Phi .Gamma Delta vs Beta Sigma Psi. 8— Sigma Nu vs Delta Chi. 9— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 10— Alpha Gamma Eho vs Acacia. Badgers, 10; Gophers, 2 Madison, Wis., May 6 (Special)— —Minnesota landed on Fjelsta^ and Buker of the Badgers to trounce Wisconsin’s baseball team 10-2 here today behind the pitching of their ace, Schultz. The Gophers were outhit 12-10, but Wisconsin could not utilize their safeties. George Boerner had a perfect day at bat. The game evened the record for Minnesota at three wins and three losses and gave the home team its fourth setback in six conference games.
cial one, since short wave transmission was not required for last evening’s broadcast. The specialties department of WLW has won the “Variety Award” for the most original programs in 1936 and again in 1938. They haVe just installed a new mobile shortwave transmitter for use at points where they cannot string telephone wires. A number of special pack sets which are used in large crowds where no wires can be laid, are also available. Golf Squad Ekes Out 14-13 Win Over Irish; Hill Beats Hagen, 3-0 Beating out a strong Notre Dame links squad, Purdue’s golf team was tough enough in the singles matches to score a win yesterday 14-13, despite its defeat in the foursomes. Weldy of Purdue turned in a score of 75 to beat Bertsch of Notre Dame 3-0 in the first match of the meet. Hill, Boilermaker linksman defeated Hagen, Notre Dame’s fourth national ranking amateur, when he totaled 73 to Hagen’s 77 and won 3-0. Hoffer won the Riveter’s third singles match of the medt, 3-0. David Defeated Captain David was defeated 2-1, when he turned in a 76 score card to Sheehan’s total of 75. Tom Marshall and Fred Tully were defeated by the same score 2-1, by Schaller and Neild respectively, Notre Dame linksmen. Notre Dame took the doubles contests 7-2 but couldn’t gain enough points to overcome the Riveter lead. Capt. David and McKenzie were defeated by Sheehan and Hagen of the visitors, 3-0. Hoffer and Marshall were vanquished by the Irish golfers, 2-1. In the last match, Hill and Tulley were beaten by Neild and Bertsch, 2-1. Track Team Wins (Continued from page 3)
field events as they took five first places during the meet. They tied for a sixth first place in the pole vault when Stout, Illinois, tied with Hibbs, Purdue„ vaulter. Haviland, Illinois, took discus throw; Stout, mini broad jumper out jumped Wadleigh and Denzler in this event; and Wohkel, visiting javelin thrower, outdistanced Vallmer of the home forces. Track Events Mile Run—Won by Holderman, (P); Knapp (P) second; Brown (I) third. Time, 4:24.5. 440 Yard Dash—Won by Shackleton (P); Downs (I) second; Fisher (P) third. Time, :49.5. 100 Yard Dash—Won by Wadleigh (P); Hugill (I) second; Tycocki (P) third. Time :10.1. 120 Yard High Hurdles—^Won by Gutting (P); Reising (I) second; Kelly (P) third. Time, 14.5. (New Purdue outdoor record.) 880 Yard Run—Won by Bodeau (P); Krivec (I) second; Schubert (I) third. Time, 1:56.4. 220 Yard Dash—Won by Hugill (I); Shackleton (P) second; Wadleigh (P) third. Time :22.1. Two Mile Run—Won by Clevett (P); Knapp (P) second; Reeves (P) third. Time 9:51.8. 220 Yard Low Hurdles—^Won by Gutting (P); Reising (I) second; Alcorn (I) third. Time :23.6. Field Elvents Pole Vault—^Won by Hibbs (P) and Stout (I) tied for first, Bergdorf (I), Edwards (P), Horton (P) tied for third. Height, 11 feet 11 inches. Shot Put—^Won by Weber (P); Sikich (I) second; Gragg (I) third. Distance, 48 feet 1-4 inch. High Jump—Won by Diefenthaler (I); Robinson (I) second; Sikich (I) third. Height, 6 feet 6 1-4 inch. Discus Throw—Won by Haviland (I); Gragg (I) second; Weber (P) third. Distance, 146 feet 8 inches. Broad Jump—Won by Stout (I); Wadleigh (P) second; Denzler (P) third. Distance 21 feet 10 inches. Javelin Throw—Won by Wohkel (I); Vollmer (P) second; Stout (I) third. Distance, 163 feet 7 inches. Final score: Purdue 66 2-3, Illinois 69 1-3.
^hoioL By Bruce Witwer
Friday was Purdue’s baseball day but yesterday was the day for track as the Boilermakers broke records right and left and managers were kept busy using liniment on the trackmen’s chests, made sore by the breaking of so many tapes at the finish ... a discouraging wind that swept up the backstretch still failed to keep Purdue down. —^fc— Two recoils fell in the high hurdles race . . . Steve Gutting set a new time of :14.5 in his last appearance at home as a Purdue star . . . after the field had romped over the hurdles and finished, the track was strewn with 18 hurdles which had been knocked down ... a new Purdue record, too, —^fc— Eric Wadleigh was kept busy in winning the 100 yard dash and carrying off places in the 220 and the broad jump . . . right after he had finished the 100 yard dash his attention was occupied for a mile digging cinders out of various portions of his anatomy, gathered by a spill just after he broke the tape. —^fc— It might be to track’s benefit if the University would invest in a wind tunnel so the boys could get in practice running against gales of all strengths . . . Weber kept on the upgrade as he topped 48 feet in the shot put... at the beginning of the season he was tossing the weight about 45 feet.
Throngs Crowd (Continued from page 1)
Group singing of “Hail Purdue,” spirited yells by the ’14 class, and music by the Military Band echoed over the oval as members of the Gala Week committee raised the 1939 class flag and started the Traditional Class Parade to Ross-Ade Stadium. Seniors as well as alumni joined in the parade in which banners for all graduated classes were carried. At the Stadium the visitors students, and alumni watched next year’s football hopes, in the form of two Boilermaker teams, perform in a game marking the end of spring football practice. This year’s outstanding freshman on the squad was awarded the alumni gift, a watch, between halves of the game. Program On Mutual George Ade ’87, John T. McCutcheon ’89, and Barton Gebhart ’24, three prominent alumni, were featured personalities at the Pounder’s Day Banquet for which hundreds of enthusiastic alums crowded the Union ballroom last night. Mutual network carried the voices of these distinguished guests, the strains of “Back to Old Purdue” and other songs as sung by the Glee Club, and the music of the Military Band
over the airlanes to thousands of listening alumni and the radio audience. Thirteen members of the ’89 class and over a hundred ’14 graduates represented the groups being honored at the banquet. Loud hand clapping, busy candid camera aces, and enthusiastic diners proved to the guests and the university entertainers that the school still lived in the hearts of these returning grads and in the seniors about to join their ranks. These seniors were honored guests at the mixer in the ballroom last night for which Bill Martin and his band furnished the dance rhythms. Finale Gala Week activities will continue today with a golf tournament, gala week dinner. Baccalaureate services, and a concert by the Purdue Band. Then Gala Week celebrations will be ended leaving only such remnants as the bright blue caps of ’09, the grey and purple caps, of ’14, and the numerous class buttons as souvenirs of a successful, gay Gala Week.
ClassaHed Ads
Reporter Interviews (Continued from page 1) celebrated cartoonist of the Chicago Tribune, gave some brief facts of his life on his birthday, yesterday. In a friendly Hoosier way that endeared him to the hearts of all who meet him, McCutdheon said: “A man never knows what he can do until he tries.” He thinks, as all the grads think, that the change at Purdue is “marvelous.” He likes poetry and music, is a member of Sigma Chi fraternity; and very loyally, chooses George Ade as his idea of a good author. He said, “blue is my color, but I wi^ it were pink.” ( Fried spring chicken can tempt his appetite any day, and since he was wearing a checked tie, he undoubtedly favors neckwear of that type. His sense of humor has always been his saving grace. “No matter how hard times and conditions are, the world always needs young men and women—^we can’t get along without them.” Such were his parting words—an inspiration to the youth of Purdue.
room, 7:80 p. m., Sunday, May 7. Be prompt and we will leave earlier. Expect short rehearsal early Monday evening; long one next Wednesday. —HEWITT.
Debris Staff: Entire staff meet in Debris office at four o’clock Tuesday for picnic. (6-9) —BEOWN.
Wesley Foundation: Epworth League will be held at the Foundation house instead of the Church at 6:80 p. m. Sunday, May 6. Mr. Lawrence Pierce will speak on "Christianity in Business.” Come one I Come all I There is no password. —GOINGS.
Bridge Tournament: Time for the bridge tournament has been changed from 7:00 to 7:80 Sunday, May 7. -BOURNE.
Sigma Delta Chi Actives: Very important meeting Monday, May 8, at 4:30 p. m. the Union ballroom. —BAILEY.
Independent Athletes: Eeamer Clnb trophy Will be awarded to the Independent Athletes with the high mnnber of major, minor, and intramural points gained throughout the year. Anyone interested in being considered for the award should turn in his points in accordance to the rules post^ in the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse. (6-20) —MIDDLETON.
Sigma Pi Sigma: There will be a meeting Monday, May 8, at 7:80 p. m. in room 205 of the Physics building. New members will be nominated. ^UGGS.
Debris Sophomores; Check revised interview schedule on bulletin board of Debris Workshop before Monday, May 8. All jun iors and sophomores who have not submitted petitions do so by Monday mornnig. Instructions are on bulletins board. —WINTER.
MISCELLANEOUS
Notices
Purdue Motorcycle Club: All riders meet at Budge’s Cycle Shop Sunday, May 7, at 1 p. m. for cross-country run. All cyclists invited. —KUHN.
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 60S Main street.
Tau Beta Pi: Initiation and election of officeis Tuesday, May 9, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. —LANGWORTHY.
PAPER HANGING asd cleaning. Phone 4802. Taylor.
Activities Bureau Movie Staff: Will the following people please report to the Old Chestnut Room at 4 p. m. May 8: Charles Milner, Jack Wunderly, Ed Moss, Ernest DeWitt, Bill Hedden, Lawrence Hess, Kay Verner, and Miriam Gustafson. —LUTZ, GIPE. Sophoihore Senators: Report at scheduled times on Monday, May 8, for interviews : 4:10, Layson; 4:20, McCammon; 4:80, Ogden; 4:40, Stewart; 4:60, Van Horn; 6, Wise; 6:10, Zwierlien; 5:20, Dilts. —JACOBL
WANTED—Apartment for two staff members for next fall Call Miss Paddock after 4 30. 76504.
Purdue Engineer: ihe following men report at 4 p. m in Engineer office: McElroy, McClintock, Shooter, Crockford; and Branner —GALE.
WATCHES—Cleaned $1. Main springs, $1 00. Crystals, 26c and 36c Alarm clocks cleaned 60c Work guaranteed. Kellar’s Watch Shop, 223 Mam.
Christian Science Orgranization: Regular meeting will be held Tuesday, May 9, at 7 ‘30 p. m. in room C of the Union. —MACK.
GLASS—For autos, desks, dressers, furniture Wauthier’s Glass Shop. Phone 7949,
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Black net and lace dinner dress, also serge wool suit, full length coat. Excellent condition. Size 18. Call 8930.
ROOMS FOR RENT
SUMMER ROOMS — Comfortable, well ventilated Close to campus. 226 W. Lutz. Phone 76472.
PIA Chorus: Rehearsal in Union tower
PE 6: Classes will resume Monday, May 8. —BRINDUSE. Co-ed Swimming Meet: Practice Friday at 4 p. m.: Saturday at 11 a. m.; Tuesday at 4 p. m. Two practices required. —SPEARS. Scrivener Members: Elections to be held before pledging ceremony Sunday, May 7, at 6:80 p, m. in room 2 of the Union. —JUSTIN.
TWO DOUBLE ROOMS. Summer rates. Hot water. Phone 3246. 323 N. Salisbury.
NICE, well ventilated rooms. 1% blocks from campus. Automatic water heater. Innerspring mattresses Call 2847.
ONE SINGLE room. Hot running water. Phone 76364 167 Pierce St.
REDUCED summer rates. Shower, single beds, large rooms Across from Union 146 N Giant St
DOUBLE ROOMS for six students, summer rates Hot running water. E L. Sprankle. 328 N. Salisbury.
Low Mrs.
MODERN 5-EOOM apartment, garage included Near campus 312 Fowler
TWO ROOM apartment. Three-room apartment Suitable for students. 702 Dodge Street.
ONE DOUBLE room. Single beds. $8.00 monthly. Miss Elizabeth Aiken. 167% Pierce St
ROOMS for 11 boys. Dorm. Summer rates. Mrs E. P. Young. 231 Pierce St. FOR RENT—Two room apartment. Private entrance. Summer rate. Phone 2697. FOR RENT—Summer session apartment $17 50 month Rooms $7 60 and $5.00 month. Excellent location. Phone 2640
FOR RENT—Three room furnished apartment Electric refrigeration. Continuous hot water. Phone 76413.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Ladies Gruen watch. 1 Mrs. Thomas. Phone 2127.
LOST—Log Log Trig slide rule. Finder please call L. A. Stampil 8421. Reward.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• iookstoret
• Professional
"DfAC' Everything for a College Education H. G. REiSNIII
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• jeweiert
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—ej).S.
LYLE E. FISHEK WATCHMAKER This la aN we de, but we d» it waM. Opposite Poet Offho Wallace Block 322 IWy St.
• Play Golf
• Printing
SPECIAL SALE OF GOLF CLUBS AND BAGS AT ABOUT HALF PRICE At the Pro Shop at the Driving Range LINEE'S FIELDS Asl? for William Philpot, Pro, and get properly fitted with clubs at a great savings. “
^ PRINTING midrOffica Stationary . o O H ll^eddlno Invltatloni 1 Salat Books, Etc.. FHONt 3028 CASSEL S dOSIERRy
To excel in any sport takes sound nerves and a sound body. You will find that pure, wholesome milk will give you all the extra energy and stamina required for a hard afternoon of golf, tennis, or any active sport.
SUNSHINE FARMS
807N. 4th
Phone 5015
V '1
f P)