i
- f
Sr “A ! -i
n
MGR COLUMN fex^lains Lew IS-Roosevelt Dispute
4*
Established 1889
xpo^tew. w Great Show. Hermon'
DETROIT GROUP
Studies 'Zoot Suit
Movement'
Vlitiiitie 55, No. 1
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Sunday, March 28, 1943
Notre Dame Takes Top Honors In Purdue Relays k I ^ I ■ AI r* I /" Boilermakers Take Third Place; Romberg Conducts At Final Convo Crean, And crimson Rank Second
Sigmund Romberg
Features Popular, Classical Composers Plus Own Numbers Sigmund Romberg, known far and wide for his very listen^iblo, Very “heart-to-thumping and feet-to-tapping” music, will jft^pdar in person with his forty-piece orchestra and selected soloists in the Music Hall today at 2 30 p m as the concluding feature of the University’s series of convocations and lectures 'the doors of the Music Hall will be opened at 1:46 p m Included on the program are not only Romberg’s own selections, but also the music of — ^
hiany other popular and classidal composers such as Johann Str^pss, Franz Schubert, Chopin, Victor Herbert, Fritz Kteisler, and others Only in the lattei half of the piogiam will homberg play selections of his own
oh the piano
Eonibeig himself will conduct the Qichjestia, and, as solosists he has Sopiano Maiie Nash, Tenor Gene Maiwey, and Giace Panvini Writ tfer of such tunes as “Lovei Come hack to Me”, “When I Giow Too Old To Dieam”, “One Alone”, “Sweetheart”, “Stout Heaited Man”, etc, Rombeig will include a full measuie of songs fiom his “Stu dent Piince”, “Blossom Time”, ^‘jbdseit Song”, “New Moon”, and bthels on the piogiam Versatile Person Sigmund Eombeig was boin in Rungary 56 yeais ago and by the time he was six yeais old his musi Cal talent was pronounced Piovided with private tutoiship by his fa ther, by the time he was eighteen he Was able toiplay the violin, piano, organ, cello, bass viol tiumpet and
kettle-drums
Ml Rombeig's eaily intention hOwevei, was to become a budge engineei, so he was educated foi this profession at the Politechnischen Hechschule in Vienna But the composei admits that the degree didrt’t help him much when he came to America, so eventually he found a job with a New York restaurant orchestia That was the beginning He how lives in Beverly Hills where he composes in his own studio, and i8 fkmous in Hollywood for his stag
parties
Single admission tickets student passports, and season tickets will be honored for admission
Sockman Will Lecture At Convo Next Week Noted New York Pastor To Give
Address On 'This Nation Under God' ASME ToSelect
Speech Contest
Next Sunday at 10:30 a m Dr Ralph W Sockman, pastor of the Christ Church in New York and minister of the National Radio Pulpit, will speak at a religious convocation in the Music Hall The subject for his sixth visit to the University campus as convocation preacher will be “This Nation Under God ” Dr Sockman has had many calls as a college preacher He was recently elected to the
Harvard Board of Preachers.
Representative Bill Dillon
Eleventh Company Of Sailors Reports For EE Training
One 1 epresentative from the University will be chosen for the regional speech contest sponsored by
In this capacity he will speak the National Amencan Society of
Anothei consignment of two bundled Naval tiainees designated as Company 11 anived at the Uni veisitv Fiiday foi piepaiation as Petty Officeis oi electrician’s mate, thud class This gioup will leplace the lecent lecord giaduating class, which has been assigned to sea duty
director of one of Amer
ica's most popular orchestras, oi fuithei training
who will appear this afternoon
at 2 30 in Music Hall
Clayton M. Allen EE ’20, an Executive Engi nfeor foi the Los Angeles Buieau of Power and Light, has just wiit ten an aiticle foi the cuiient issue of the Electrical Woild The aiticle deals with the raising and moving of high voltage transmission line towei s
Alumnus Wins
Outstanding
Citizen Award William L Batt, ME ’07, presi dent of SKF Industries a Swedish American manufacturing concern, and vice president of the War Pro duction Board has been awarded the Edward Bok awaid for the most outstanding citizen of Philadelphia The award was picsentcd to Batt by Dr Thomas S Gates piesident of the University of Pennsylvania The award is made each year to the citizen of Philadelphia who has been pidged by the awaid tiustees to have peifoimed the most men toiious seivice in the inteiests of Philadelphia. Batt was given the awaid because of his woik on the
War Production Board.
Batt was knighted by the King of Sweden foi his woik as piesident of the SKF Industries and he was given a doctor of engineering dc gice by the University seveial yeais
ago
frequently and share the responsibility for the chapel pro'gram on the Harvard campus. He has seived continuously as the pastor of Christ Church on Park Avenue at Sixtieth Street in New York City foi moie than 26 years
Phi Beta Kappa
Dr Sockman is a membei of Phi Beta Kappa Delta Sigma Rho and the Amencan Society of Chuich Histoiy He is also Director of Union Theological Seminaiy A1 Stewait will diiect a 200 voice choir foi the program The vocal selections will be two anthems President Elliott has expiessed his intention to be present and to pre-
side at the convo
Union Announces New Sophomore Personnel For Six Committees
, , , , Personnel on Student Union comuated a week ago as members of ,, , , i, a a , , , mittees have been shifted, accord-
company 7 have been assigned to
The men will serve under the command of J L Russel, Chief Specialist, Athletics, for the next sixteen weeks, and will be housed in the noith and east sections of Caiy Hall Intelligence tests and a Naval indoctrination were given to the sailors during the first day at then new station The men came from the Naval Training School at
Great Lakes
Assignments Made
Membei ¥ of the class which giad
By Clint Sowards
*Last night the Boilermaker Fieldhouse housed what ha sbeen to date the most magnificent, thrilling, colorful, dramatic display of athletics in many a year, the initial running of what
from now on will be titled the “Afinual Purdue Relays ”
In this super spectacle that included twenty-three of the most powerful track and field teams in the country, a new national indoor record was set by the Notre Dame four-mile relay team The former record of 17:49.8 set by Michigan in 1940 was smashed to bits by the new
mark of 17:311 Notre Dame also climaxed their already superb record for the season by taking top honors with a total of 391/2 points; Indiana University claimed second honors with 24 points, Purdue copped third with 17 points, and Drake University and Illinois tied for fourth with 13 points each. The Boilermaker Fieldhouse, decked to the rafters with gay
bunting, flags, palms, tissue paper, grass colored sawdust, was a spectacle one doesn’t expect to see often Not since the Indiana basketball game has a crowd shown such enthusiasm, and vigorous appreciation of the scene going on before them. The Fieldhouse was full, approximately 3,500 spectators swarming in the balconies and the box seats on
the mam flpor of the arena From the prompt start of the per-
formance with the parade of the queens and competitors, till the final stop watch clicked to conclude the final event, there was never a dull moment in the procedings The meet which was scheduled to the minute was lunning ahead of itself from the midpoint of the evening to the
conclusion
Queens Reign To add to the color and picturesqueness of the affair the twen-
Mechanical Engineers A contest, sponsored by the University Student Blanch of ASME, will be held Tuesday evening at 7 in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union to select the University lepiesentative
for the regional contest Prizes To Be Awarded
Fust prize for the local contest will be a ten dollai merchandise certificate by South worth’s Book Store, second prize, a copy of Machinery’s Handbook donated by the University Book Store, and thud prize will be a copy of Roget’s “Thesauius” donated by Deac’s The winner will also be eligible to share in the $56 cash prizes to be awarded at the legional contest which will be held
of Notre Dame, winner ty officials were all dressed formal-
at Northwestern University April of the 60 yard low hurdles, and were ^e four^queens that
third in the 60 yard high
hurdles
duty according to Commander Hugh J Baitley commanding offi cei Graduates were assigned to active duty at sea, Norfolk, Va, San Diego and Treasure Island,
Cahf Some of the assignees of the below
company will be given advanced tiaining m special duties of a Naval
electi ician
ing to Will Hiller president of the organization All students working on the Union are requested to re port to then chairmen tomorrow in the Union office at 4 15 p nr Com mittees and the juniors nr charge of
All Student's Students In ing in private homes v ill not be held responsible by the University lor the pay ment of room rent beyond the end of the semester, April 20, unless they expect to remain m the same house for the summer term
^ye Testing Deluxe
Psychologists Develop New Vision Rater For Industry
By Peggy Steffes Slrtce necessity is the mothei of ipVehtion, instruments lor testing the all important vision of woikeis 111 war time industrial plants are being perfected at various centeis The University psychology depart ment, under standing industiy’s need for an efficient vision tester has been developing a means wheieby this may be accomplished called the Rater Pi of S E Wilt of the depait ment has done the majoiity of the work on this apparatus and has plso experimented on the Clason Acuity (visual disci inrination) in sti ument Unique Method Ot Scoring The Ortho Rater is a metal drum about the size ot a galvanized pail with a binoculai like device set in front As the testee reports what he sees, the opeialoi iccoids his scoie by punching i senes ot holes and slots on the edge of i caul Latei a niimbei ol these cauls au easily classified loi i eeitiin de sued ehaiacteiisiie, surlr as a spe
eific group of ages by extending a knitting needle through the piopei hole For instance women’s cards aie shaken liom men’s in a moment by this ingenious method Measiiies Othei Things Besides measiuing eoloi discnm Illation the Oitho Ratei measuies changes in percentage of color pei ceived peiception ol thiee dimen sions and other important mdus trial tests Twelve tridents in the geneial expei mien Lai course Psv ehology bO lie ipplyin„ then knowledge by giving this coloi test to ten subject-, each A gieat advantage ot the instiu
gieat value ot the tost in finding the proper man for the job Developed For Industiy This special equipment has been developed to fit the puiposes needed in industiy An immediate need is that of tiallied experts lire psy etiology department is developing an idea ot bunging industiial peo pie to the University loi a thiee weeks’ com so to be repeated sov oral times a yeat foi the pm pose ol teaching them to effect economies in man powei and pioduction costs Course Limited Liniiting the course to vai inclus tiip^ it will teach several things
Publicity
Dick Collistei, chan man, Dottie Bickll, Pat Can oil Helen Chanel, Maiy Louise Douglas Dottie Elledge, David El win, Jean Fietz, Mmiel Hoopei Madge Huff, Veine Jennings Mai ion Johnson, Waltei Jones, Tom Ketcham, Dan McKin non, Carolyn Meeske, Patsy Milne,"' Chuck Moeller, C Roberts Dory Wilcox Ed Williams A1 Wundei, Betty Fletemcyei, Anne Rippetoe, Larry Nichols, Bob Blue
Personnel
Gannon Pingiy co chaiinren, Roland Baltzhold Roger Beal, Ed Bishop Mary Bowlby Bob Bienne man Car Ian Biendt Barbara Con lacl. Dorrs Dant Pat Edwards, Richard Hasse Warren Jackman Mitzr Komcek Jean Laiamoie, Lame Liehidei, Sue Meyer, A1 Moorman Byron Moore, Richard Neal Greta Padgett Bobbie Jean Riggs Nancy Robertson Louise Rubenkoenig John Schlossberg, Roger Saniuelson Thomas R Smith W P Stevenson Marjorie Thoms, Marilyn Tuinei, Jane Wad
leigh Clubs
Jim Craig chairman, Jean Ba con Betty Cantley Erwin Cunnins
12 and 13
Professor L V Ludy, Professor W T Miller, Professor E F Bruhn, and a student representative from each of the Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering honorary fra teinities will serve as judges The purpose of the contest is, according to R W Leutwiler, honorary chauman of the ASME at the University, “To encourage persons with ability to speak m public ” Gold Pepper Pledges Elaine Ahrens Jean Brackman Lois Caldwell Betty Galbraith Catherine Leuty Beth Ludberg Mary Grace Winkler Janet Place Jean Thompson
Lois Veit
Betty Wedge Margaret Young Mortar Board Pledges Jean Thompson Beth Ludberg
Lois Veit
Cancellat-ion Of Courses According to Rule 10-b, Rules and Regulations Governing Students, “No course shall be cancelled within the last four weeks of any term ” Since Wednesday, March 24, is the beginning of the last four weeks period of the current term, it will not be possible to cancel an assignment after Tuesday, March 23, even though passing —DE4N OF MEN Pres, E. C. Elliott
returned Friday afternoon
from Washington to spend the next several days on the campus He came especially for a special meeting of the Board of Trustees to be held Tuesday Dr Elhott has been on leave of absence since last June
to serve as chief of the division of runways, and then there was the professional and technical training man with the pitchfork who stirred of the War Manpower Commission (See BASEBALL DASH, page 3)
reigned over the meet from the west end of the gieen oval that was on the inside of the tenth mile track. Preceeding each event a fanfare of trumpets cleared the track and aroused the spectators to the event, following the event another fanfare of trumpets gave a cue to the winner to assemble before the array of pulchritude at the west end of the Fieldhouse The queCn and her three attendants then proceeded to award the individual awards to the
victorious contestants
Flashlight bulbs were continuously popping from evei’y nook and cranny of the floor At least a dozen newspaper men fairly haunted the gieensward spaces between the events taking every opportunity to shoot the formidable array of champions that assembled for the meet.
Always Action
Between events, a time that might have been dull, the shot put circle, high jump standards and pole vault pit were a constant source of excitement Besides the athletes, there weie the fellows continuously brushing sawdust and chips off the
Hand-Picked Students
John Bull Registers Youth For University Or Services
By Lou Speck
Of 37,000 men and women who aie left nr England’s eleven uni veisities all are either under age for military seivice physically un fit, Ol have been defer led from Na
Dottie Doddudge Emma Dickman, tional Seivice and assigned to col
Maiy Funderbuik Caiol Gleason, lege to study
Mary Jean Gregory George Grif- A qualified univeisity student taking liberal aits courses to con fith, Robert Guion Robert Hillen need not considei money nr war tinue then plan of study Only brant, Richard Hupp Roland Ken time England, as government schol those who are under age or other nedy, Carson Kent, Donna Leever, arships are available to the limits wise disqualified remain to popuEd Lindquist, Jeanne Lynch, Suz- ot national lequiiements More late the campuses of the liberal arts anne Marvel, Mary Mattox, John than half of the students nr British institutions
wholly m the hands of a special University Joint Reciuituig Board, one branch ot which is maintained at each univeisity nr the country
Liberal Arts Fading Out
Since Decembei 1942 it has been viitually impossible for students
nient is that it can be used to test the detei mining oi what visual
skills aie impoitant on particular lobs the measiiicment oi cm ployoes’ visual skills on application to allocate to difteient jobs the most eflective men and to identify prospective employees loi piofes sional eye care to impiove then vision Ihe executive committee has
employees without inteiiiipting pioduction since it is portable can be brought diicctly to the employee and the cnlnc test takes him awav liom the assemlily line lot only seven oi eight minutes It is the 1 istest test cvei developed and still letains its loliibility Moie and
aie
McMurry, Bob Plank, C O Robeits Jim Ryan, Chic Thompson Dlaine Townsend, Fred Parkinson, Mari lyn Shaw Dixie Hibbot Music Room And Receptions John Woolling chairman; Rich ard Alhouse, Bill Anderson, Lucille
univeisitics aie supported by scholai ships of one type oi anothei Males undei 18 and women undei 19 aie officially under age for mil itaiy seivice in England Howevei both sexes are lequiied to legistei foi seivice when they have leached
Undei the lecenth inaugiuated piogiam of tightening up which the
University Joint Recruiting Boards also appoint qualified students to com ses of study designed to supply need m vital war-time fields m which a shoi-tage of personnel exists Another important duty of the students and faculty members in war time England is to spend 48 horns per month sei'vmg in the fire guard Moreover, they are also members ot the home guard Specialized Training Courses Although England has no V-12 01 4 12 piogiam whereby students
English have begun on educational may attend college in uniform at
moil )ol)s are dcinrnding close approved the new course, and it will visual eoneentiation, hiiice the be kiiowiis as Psychology S 55
Anderson, Virginia Armstrong, the age of 17 years and 8 months Robert Blake, Dan Boston, H L Upon registering the students aie Bowman John Dittrick, Dick either sent back to school to finish Chronister, Morris Drake, Walter then work or they are removed Hallstein, Louise Henning, James fiom college for the duration Hunt, Anne Huxsoll, Bill Hopkin, In Britain the responsibility lor
policy wPmen who were pieviorish allowed to choose then plan of study must now enroll in scientific courses unless they express a de sire to become school teachers or otherwise enter into the essential social occupations of war-time Eng land. Hand Picked Students In addition to hand picking the
government expense until then* eoiuse of training is completed, they employ instead, a series of shoit specialized training courses designed to equip the soldier with the technical knowledge essential to his particular branch of the service There!ore all students attending college in England are civihans under government or private sup-
(See UNION, page 1)
drafting 01 defer ling students rests univeisitv students in Biitam, the poitTt
Purdue Exponeni
SuridUy, March^2S, ‘1>943'^ ^
'■.‘j
Jmm
Purdue Exponent
t
Offices; Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phono After 10 p. m., 5377
Honorary Editor William G. Hoskins
With the Colors
Editor Snsinoss Minaircr News Editor Managinir Editor Senior Jidvcrtising Manajrcr Sports Editor Coe# Editor Coed Business Executive
Dale E. Butr Gerhard H. Klouman Robert W. Bosn inkle Sally Beall James G. Petty Joseph S. Dawson Jean I,auer A. Jane Keim
,? Publication Staff Editorial Staff Associate^ditors: F. J. Vegh, J. T. Hitharilson, T L. Tilton, W. Hv Tyson, W. L. Vermilion, M. L. Smith, C. C. Marlindell, E. Murphy. Coed Staff: Phyllis Mann, Martha Lee Riggs, Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens Sports Staff: C. Sowards, J. Ackerman, D. Shrjer, R. Smith.
Business Staff
Assistant Advertising Manager: J Filpi. Advertising Managers: J. FIcxon, C, Gaunt, J. McCullough, J. Tabb. Circulation Manager: R H Kroeplin. Accounts Manager: Mary Dills.
The Purdue Independent
Editor'-in-Chief
Bert Squicr
Staff For This Issue Night Editor; Smilion Sports Editor: Sowards Day Editor: Mann Issue Editor: Abbett Workers: Steffes, Stephenson, Bnvne«, Caylor, Speck, Van Buskirk, DominiK, Hahn, Yargar, Mcics.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette. Indiana, under the act of Congress of Marcii J, 1879. and at th, special late of postagi piovulid for in section 1103. act of OclobLi 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published on Tuesday, Thursday. Friday and Sunday mornings durin gthe year. Delivered locallv by carriei for $1.75 for a semeslfer or $3 00 for two semesters: by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3.50 for two semesters Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc , New York, N. Y.
Browsing Room . . .
Ensign Homer P. Huesing
2ncl Lt. Ralph Thornburg
Capf. Edward C. Thoma
Capte Iployd H. Kemmer, jr.
. . . ujuvei’hjty aluKiiiu.s and ovd engiiieeriii)' btaft’ membei on leave, ib now on duty in Noi-tb Africa as faurvey officei of an arinoied I'ltdd aitilleiy huttalion.
Cap!'. F. D. Golfings
... a fojinei studenlb of the Univer.bity, wlio is a pi^ot in the bombaidier .school at Big Spring, Texa.s, has been pionioted iiom fiibt lieutenant to captain.
niie mSHMTOM „ y X Tm R«9 U S P.1 0« Merry-GO-ROUHD
ly DREW PEARSON
Roosevelt-Lewis Battle Wages Over Inflation; Miner's Victory Would Upset Rebuffed Unions
J-oUowimp jhiL J’OJundajtionA,
Problems For
Fun
Just Looking iltroynd
By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson
Without a doubt the most concentrated space on the campus in the way of possessing the necessary implements to satisfy the human desires for relaxation, knowledge and enjoyn^ent to a busy people, the Browsing Room, a little known hideout in the Union, is throwing out its litei'ary arms to the Purdue family and pleading with them to explore her treasured shelves. Proud when she gets new books, she usually posts the paper covers from the books on a stand outside her door in the East corridor. The Browsing Room does not allow every book that comes along a place on her shelves, and of those that do make the grade, she can well be proud. The Browsing Room serves much the same purpose for busy students as magazines such as the Reader’s Digest does for busy America in collecting only the select. The atmosphere of the Browsing Room, with its soft chairs and only the dull hum from the activity outside, is one of the most suitable for those who seek the printed word, and is surpassed, probably, only by a “shady nook” (give me a book and a shady nook ... ). As students enter the University, study some, bowl, loaf, and drink cokes in the Union a bit, and then graduate as pharmacists, steam engine experts, or agricultural wizzardb, they pass by the door to the Browsing Room many times. Many do not realize that after they get in their drug store or power plant, or on their farm, probably, they never again will come in contact with such a quantity of good books—in such a little room, anyway. As for \(^here the Browsing Room fits into the picture of wartime America, perhaps it would be well to consider how many times Shelly and Keats have been quoted in the fox holes. Morale is made of things like books; books such as can be found in the BrowsingRoom.—r.w.b.
WASHINGTON—Inside tact about the coal niine dispute is that it goes much deeper than an argument over wages. It gets down to a clash between two old friends, now enemies, plus a basic struggle over whether or not we shall head into a hurricane of inflation. The two personalities, John L. Lewis and Franklin D. Roosevelt, have been working up to this battle for a long time. Once they were the closets of political allies. Lewis contributed $260,000 in one lump to Roosevelt’s election campaign, put up a lot of other dough whenever needed. John L. also was consulted on all sorts of things. He had the run of the White House, could telephone the President direct, threw l)is weight behind most of the New Deal program. Gradually they drew apart. This was partly because both are strong-willed gentlemen, did not agree on everything, didn’t want to yield to the other. Partly it was because the President quit calling Lewis in for consultation. Actually he had gone along with Lewis in his organization of “Little Steel,” in his captive coal mine strike, had created the National Labor Relations Board, put through the greatest labor reforms in 150 years of American history. However, John L. is not an easy man to satisfy. • Lewis' Last Battle Partly also they drifted apart over the war. Lewis, a natural isolationist, believed that Roosevelt wanted war. This brought the final break, when John L. bolted to Willkie.
This week's devotional period of the Lutheran students will hq held in room 307 of the Union tonight at 7:30. Jim Lundquist is the leader for the evening-. Next Sunday the Lutheran studentfa will have an April Pool Party in the basement of the church at 7:30 p. m.
To .Ckcilitatc their consideration pi'oblelWs should be handed in on separate signed sheets on the Friday 'following the posting of the problem. Each solution should have a signed statement stating that the solution was obtained unassi,stcd. Solution arc to be handed in at the Math Office.
A tweilty-man sub-committee of the Detroit Association for the Study of Group Work is frankly worried about the effect of the “Zoot suit movement” gang spirit which these sociologists think may be the outcome of the fad. The fever spots of “zoot” activity seem to be centered around New York, Hollywood, Washington and Detroit. One of the investigators, Fritz Redl of Wayne Univer —
The Third Annual World Friendship Banquet, as sponsored by the University Christian Foundation, will be held Friday evening at 6:46 in the basement of the Lafayette Church Building. Co-sponsors of the entertainment include: Cosmopolitan Club, Chinese Students Club, International House, and the Pan American Club. In order to plan enough food for all, it is urgently requested that those who plan to attend he sure to make a reservation bcfoi'e Wednesday by notifying the chairman, Theresa Busby, Bob Nash, Sylvia Finley, or Dick Berry. Tickets are $.36 and all interested in world friendship are welcome to attend.
Problem 12: Prove that the following data is inconsistent: 1000 university students 626 freshmen 312 males « ^ 470 married 42 male freshmen 147 married freshmen 86 married males 26 married male freshmen
sity, calls the Igng-coated hep- 5/jOrf To AddteSS
cats part of the phenomenon
which has grown from the ex- AIEE Next Friday
pressional orgies of the jitter-
That breach—never healed—helps make the coal mine dispute difficult. John L. is determined to win the battle not merely for the sake of his miners, but because it is a showdown with his old friend, now enemy, the President of the United States. His personal prestige is at stake. If he loses, it will be his last battle.For his miners,' who did not follow him to Willkie, who have resented Lewis’ organization of dairy farmers, chemical workers, etc., are getting restless. Actually the miners’ wage dispute taken alone, should not be so difficult. Probably they are entitled to some increase. Unquestionably living costs have shot up in their areas. Unquestionably men are deserting the mines for higher paying war industries. On the other hand, the mineis automatically got their weekly wages upped by $13.50 a week for sldlled bituminous miners when the mines went from a 36- to a 42-hour week. This gave them time and a half for the extia seven hours. One solution of the current contioveisy would be to put the mines on a 48-hour week, which may be necessary anyway because of the shoitage of mine labor. This would give skilled miners another $13.50 a week, would mean a $27 a week moie income m the last two years. However, none of these compromises would satisfy John L. Lewis. Friends say he demands a straightout victoiy.
The graduating seniors of the Roger Williams Foundation were honored Fiiday evening at banquet as has been the custom for 16 years. The outstanding boy and girl were chosen on the basis of activities in the foundation, attendance record, attitude toward the work, campus activities, and grades. The two honored by being chosen were Roger Euler and Alberta Aitman. Their names will be carved on the plaque.
In charge of airangemcnts for the hgnquct was Josephine Dix, and the ladies of the chinch served the’ meal. Bill Harmon was the toastmaster, and speakers for the program included C. E Dammon, Richard Road, Bob Evanson, Roger Euler, Don Warner, and the benediction was given by Loui.',e Poterson. Rev. Doyle Mullen of the Lafayette Christian Church will speak to the members of the foundation tonight at 7:30 on the subject “Why Join the Churcli.”
Solution to last week’s problem Let X = No. of dollars y =: No. of cents lOOy + X — 2411 = 2(100x -h y) 98y = 199x •+ 2411 , 3x 39 y = 2x + 2b -|- — ■— •—• 98 98 Since x and y must he integers then, 3x 39 = K (an integer) 98 98 3x = 39 -h K.98 98 X — 13 + K — 3 Theiefore K = 3n Hence x= 13 -f- n.98 (n = 0, 1, 2) Therefore y = 51 + 199n. Hence if n is a number greater than zero y >vill he greater than 100. (But y represents the number of cents and thus should be less than 100). Thus the value of the check was $13.51.
Debris To Alter
Price April 13
® SfifSafBon Wafersponifr
... of Iiidianapolib has lecentiy been advanced fiom second class storekeepci. Hue.sing has been in the Navy for 23 months, and he ivas the fiist enlisted man to arrive at the Univeisity when the training school began m May, 1941. Befoic going into the Navy, he was graduated fiom Butler, receiving a bacheloi ol science degree. He was stationed at Glenview, 111., before Ins arrival on ttie campus, and latei at the Navy Pier in Chicago.
Such a victory will be resisted to the hitter end by the President'for several reasons. Chief leason is that if Lewis gets an outright $2-a-day wage inciease or anything approaching it, a long list of unions which have been denied increases and swallowed their medicine will immediately come clamoring hack. The aiicraft woikers who were reliuffed lecently by the War Laboi Board probably w'ould stiike, if Lewis now squeezes $2 out of the WLB and they still failed to get their inciease. Even more vehement would be the farmers. Most of them hate John L. Lewis. The President knows this. He also knows that he never could hold down farmers’ price demands if Lewis wins his battle. That, of course, opens up the w-holc w-aterspout of inflation. And that is wlij the grim battle between those two one-time friends actuall> is almost as important as the current battle for Tunisia. 9 Mrs. Miniver And Tobruk Senators George of Georgia and McFailand oi Auzona, together with Jesse Jones, paid tribute to Hollywood’s contribution to W'ar and to M-G-M’s Louis B. Mayer in particular at an off-tho-iecord luncheon in a Senate piivate diningroom the other daj. At the luncheon Mayer disclosed an interesting bit of histoiy which occuired when Churchill was visiting at the White House last year, during the fall of Tobruk. The Prime Minister was bitterly shocked over this defeat and the President was worried over the effect on Uie American public. He feared it might give the impression that England wa.s not fighting
to the last ditch.
It happened that Chuichill had seen a pieview' at the While House of the smash picture, “Mis. Miniver,” .showing the struggle and sacrifice of the British people. The Preaidciit w-as so impiossed with it that he had OWI’s Elmer Davis phone Mayer and ask that “Mrs, Miniver” he leleased throughout the couiitzy at once, W'ell in advance of its scheduled lelcase date, Mayer was glad to do so, though at a loss of about $5,000,000 to his company ® Capita! Chaff
Today is the last day of the Indiana Methodist Student Conference being held at the University Wesley Foundation Building. Dr. James S. Chubb has been the principal speaker. The other leaders have been F. 0. Beck, secretary, Committee on Campii.s Rchg’ious Life at Indiana University; S. E. Carrutli, pa:,tor of the Centenary Church, Tcrie Haute; C. E. Hildebrand, professor of philosophy at DePauw; II. A. Eliiensperger, editor of Motive; and John W. Tennant, mimstcr to stedents at DePauw
Debris office has announced tliat those students wdio desire a copy of the August, 1943, yearbook should order them before April 13, since the price will he raised from $4.00 to $1.50 at that time. Men who will he leaving the UniV Cl sity at the end of tliiT semester have been '' iveii a special offei. The Debris office will mail a yeai book anywhere in tlio United Stales I'oi an additional charge of only twen-ty-live cents. Anyone wishing to order the Debris may get one liom the West Desk 111 the Union, the Debris offite ‘or from any Debris .salesma.n.
bug era. If it wasn’t for the WPB, most of the zoot suiters probably would lengthen their coats and wear peg-topped shorts if they knew that sociologists were studying them as a phenomenon. XXX First steps toward creating a representative body of Palestine Arabs have been taken by a newly formed sponsoring committee. Since the dissolution of the Arab High committee by the Palestine government because of the disturbance in 1936, no official political body representing all the Arabs has existed. The main reason for this move is the fact that unity must be established between several factions and that the Fascist elements must be connected in some manner. Also with small factions the ever present threat of &ti ife between the Arabs and Jews is near to reality. This clash would surely not bode well for Allied interests in the Near East. XXX Mayor Frank (I am law) Hague of Jersey City, New Jersey, is under direct attack from Governor Charles Edison, who is trying to clear up what he calls “the undemocratic processes that exist m Hudson County.” The Governor, although tradition calls any Democratic governor of New' Jersey “the pi isoner of Trenton” because of that state’s Republican leanings, is getting cooperation from his legislature and now the state of New Jersey is out to do battle with the Empire of Jersey City. Edison has been branded by Hague as “the handy man ot the raihoad lobby,” w'hll'j Hauge, in turn, has been calk'd a few names in his ow'ii light.
Brooks H. Short will speak on “Some Applications of Electronics in Industry’^’ b'etore an open meeting of the student branch of the AIEE April 1 at 7:30 p. m. in room
254 of the EE building.
Short is now engaged in research in the Lab of the Dclco Remy Division of General Motors Corporation. He was formerly a student here, class of ’32, and also an amateur radio operator, and EE staff mem-
ber in the University.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
llsm'ersiiy Edoli Store
“Dot*’ I I'jile HO
ARC
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
TODAY AND AAONDAY
LyUA
BUD
TODAY - TOMORROW wflii
Mlbti " ™*ltKH0WlFS IVL " ' iouise AllBRinON PLUS—JIMMY ROGER —NOAH BERRY, JR. in
PRODUCTION
KAY FRANCIS John BOLES Andy DEVINE , r, 1 \ I Waller Catlett Fthcl Griffics t'/il. K\| Guinn WilliaiTis
j \ Protiuced anil Directed by ^ HENRY KOSTER
MA^ Hnputme
ALSO
COLOR CARTOON
T*ir I'iii
NOW SHOWING -DOUBLE FEATURE-
,tV.eae'
ed
Stoiy
it
coti
Idn
hide
theft'
lies
ColeWh"
>
6\6
-plus-
'‘'“uaRtS WRIAON , . „o.ioG.a» dJ J
J. . . of Culvei, ex-’13 M. E., and nienibei ol Delta Chi liaternity, was killed la.st Fiiday in an airplane crash neai Haiding Field, la., accoidmg to woid received heie. Lieut. Thoinburg left the University in June, 1911, 10 enlist in ihe Aiin> An Coips, aftei two jeais of studj heie. His jilane crashed in a Loui.s>ana swamp near the an field where he was stationed.
. . . civil engmeenng stafi mcnihci, was recently promoted fioni the lanl: of fiist lieutenant to that of captain, ('apt. Tlioma iias been at Ft. Sill, Okla.
Latest way of saving shoe leather was demonstrated in the cocktail lounge when a young man kicked off his shoes and escorted Ins partner to the dance floor m stocking feet. Ilead-waiter Teddy Estelmaiin stopped the oichestia, said, “Please, sii, go back and ])ut on your shoes.” The jouiig man obliged but not until after he had scoied hi.s point—that shoes w'lll last longer if you don’t wear them. British Overseas Airwajs Corporation is now operating four plane.s a week across Alrica, using the bases built by Pan American ^.irways under U. S. government subsidy! The British are worried lest we keep these air bases and monopolize African air
transport after the war.
Tennis playing Henry Wallace wall need a strong lieait as he flies into La Paz, Bolivia, altitude 12,000 leet. The planes opeiate at 21,000 feet over thi.s section of the Andes. . . . Congressman George J. Bates of Massachu-setts is tiyiiig to persuade the OPA to modify shoo lationing in the inteiest of Haveiill manulactureis. Tiiey s)iecialize in low-piiced shoes for women, hut under rationing women are buying foi durability, and the manufacturers of low'-piiced shoes are being foiced out of business. (Copyjight, 1913, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Screen’s most exciting lovers! He climbed the walls of her mansion and risked death to
hold her in his arms!
TRACY HiPBURN
in their most exciting romantic triumph
Keeper the FlaHie
W,ih RICHARD WHORF • MARGARET WYCHERLY FORREST TUCKER « FRANK CRAVEN HORACE McNALLY • PERCY KILBRIDE
Directed by GEORGE CUKOR
wcturb
WAR
(^STAMPS IA BONDSSu^ityp March 1943
Boilermaker Sports
*
MEIY homer ALLEN
ASSISTANT TRACK
COACH
REMEMBER! GALACAOE IS APRIL 12
Man Behind The Man Behind Purdue Relays By Clint Sowards Last evening saw the start of one of the biggest attractions of the year on the Boilermaker campus, that, the very successful first lunning of the “Purdue Relays” For some time this spectacle has been given considerable notoriety and build up, along with the various men who were behind the event, the men who have been working night and day at the huge job of seeing that the affaii went Olf without a hitch Spnngfield Massachusetts with a
In all the publicity that the physical education
race aroused, one man who was definitely a mam cog in the workings of the show has not been given a woid of piaise that fellow is assistant Boileimakei
track coach, Homei Allen Riveter Prime Minister
Hie fiist job Homei took follow ing giaduation was that of coach at Thompsonville Connecticut At Ihompsonville the coaching duties consisted of instiuction in football b isketball and tiack also the tutoi ing of twenty six gym classes a
weel This job lasted two yeais
Homei Allen is what one might then Homei accepted a position as call the prime ministei of the Rivet coach at Suffield Piep it Siiffield er tiack and field team lo get i Conn At Suffield Homei coached picture of Homei he is an eiieigetic iQotball basketball and ICO hockey fellow about five ten dark com jt seemed the foimei football
plexioned and vavy haii with a slight touch of Eastern accent and
a tip top sense of humoi
Homei has been a part of the Rivetei athletic staff foi about fourteen years first coming heie in 1928 But before we go into the lecord he has made at tins Uiiivei sity, let’s look back a bit at what
he did befoie coming here
Four-Letter Man
Back in his high school days at Concord, Massachusetts Homei was no mean figure as fai as ath
coach had taught fieshiiian algebia ind Home! w is cillcd upon to do that well being an ex engincei at heart he did after a fashion Betaine Boilei m ikci In 28 Aftei a yeai at Suffield Homei accepted a position on the Boilei maker athletic staff, in 1928 and he s been here ev"^! since When Homei fust took over his duties at this institution he was assist int swimming coich and physic il educition teacher Ihcsc
letics weie conceined The slendei kept Homei busy till 19‘’1
built athlete was one of the three foul letter men in his high school
when he got a ci iving loi more 1 nov ledge The craving lesiilted in
playing halfback on the footbill suniinei sessions back at
team, goalie on the ice hockey team second base on the bascb ill squ id
and topped oft his activities by ^bout this same time Homei sul
putting the shot on the ti icl squ id An interesting sidelight Homei mentioned at this point of the spoil taneous inter view that took pi ice
in the middle of the track about Ag un followed a period of half an hour befoi e the st ut of the much excitement m win h elimination he ts of the Puidue Homei conjiiied up anotliei desire Belays ’ was thit ice hod ey was moie 1 nowledge o dining tic
definitely the winter sjioit b cl
Spiiiigheld which climixed in M istei s de-,iee in Ldiu ition
stitutcd the duties of issist int tiacl coich Joi the duties of is sistint swimming coach Oiville M u tin w IS ti ick mentor it the
East b isl etball w is Imost
school \c 11 of If 18 J Ilomci foe k i vicitioi and went to New Yoil
heard of T never
abislefbill Hnivei ity for i si p to /aid hi.
game till I went to college Ilomci stated ‘ In f let I iievei s iw i b
kctball till I w IS in college Tried To Build Budges
Well ift^'i high chool was
Doctoi s e'cgice in cduc ition As ye t Homei h isii t hid the chin e to full h this stej) I uL ])111 11 it his
fust oppoiti 11
Besides just jciii co ich aio iiid
menioiy llomei decided th it budge school Ilomci 1 i\ i few building would be fun o he went bobbies He li c c e flic ate it dif to college to le 11 n to bccoiiio ici/il Icirnt iLhleticeveit uch is foot
engineei fate h ul othei jil in f oiu years latei in 192a Hem i gi ul iiated fiom Spinifafiell Ccllcgc
Everything jor a College Education DEAC’S
bill b isl etl all hod cy swimming —\ cll just il out everything but bascb ill It seems Iloniei is alliugi t) st Hiding 1 >^1111111 i b ittei letting his im gmation 1 un il 0' astowheie the bill IS i^oing As i find hoi b\ Ilemei i citioiieel th it he i/is ex (ismcK iiteie t"'il in 1 uncsiolo,.y He s ml th it w i the science of mu cle mevenie t mil ho ought to
1 now
NOTICE
We pay 1c each for all hangers in good usuable condifion if brought' to our office. WEST S0DE CLEANERS
THREE DOTS AND A DASH FOR VICTORY
BUY defense: BCiNbS BUY DEFENSE^'STANRS;
rvdW Mdf/t} Viihi News
Baseball Dash, Wall-Scaling CoAtlst Go Over Big As Noveltf Events
► Cleveland vs. Lafayett'e^Today A.S fai as local spoits Ians aie conceined the b iseball season officially opens this aftei noon As most of you 1 now tod ly is the day when the Cleveland Indians will match then niajoi league diamond talent against the strong Lafayette Red Sox This exhibition game one oi the fiist of the season anywheie will get under way at 2 o dock over at
Columbian Paik
► Indians In Top Shape Havin^, t iken full advantige of the spacious I icldhouse vnd also of the waim weather dining the past few diys the Clevelind team is now m neai top shape Piiday alteinoon Boudieau divided the team and sent them thiough then first full nine inning piaetice ^ame Yesteiday, how evci Lou gave the fellows a day off Majoi league teams don t take valuable time off this time of year unless they are in the best ot shape so you maj' chaw youi own conclusions ► Pifrehers Ready To Bear Down Almost all of the pitchers aie leady to cut loose with all ol then stuff now Ot eouise they will be allowed to hull only about two innings it a stieteh this aftei noon but you cm bet that while they aie on the hill they will be bearing down plenty Boudieau has not as yet announced hib starting pitcher Iloweiei anyone he should choose could give a good account of himself because this jeai s Cleveland staff looks like one of the best in the Anieiican League ► Many Veterans Back Seasoned veteians such as Mel Haidci Jim Bagby Lefty Smith Chubby Dean A1 Miln ii and Joe Heving, plus a fine eiop of lookies indiiding Ray Poat Mike Najiiiick and Allie Reynolds seem to foim an unbeatable combination Bagby the ace of the staff looks bettei than evei Haidci who has been botheied with a bad aim foi the pist few jcais IS now completely lecoveied and may stage i leal comeback this siimmei Any one ol the rookies could easily become i consistent winner
foi the Indians
► Potential Power On Lafayette Team 'Ihe Lafayette team tod ly will be made up ot the best ol list yeai s tim in iddition to sevei il men fioin the now disbanded Indianapolis riieni in team The Red Sox have lieen piaetiein„ for only ibout i week now but there is plenty of potcntiil powei tlieie fioiii the leadoff ni in down to the pitehei Pithci long Slim Del ion oi Lefty D ivis will open
on the mom d foi L il i^ette
Galacade Plans Call For
New York Women's Swimming Recal'ing past shows that Dick Papenguth has been le sponsible loi, the Unucisity ofiieials have called upon Dick to picsent anothci of his spectaculai watei ■-hows to open the
Gal i Week piogiam on April 12
It IS expected that the ,how will be similai to the Aquacade th it va-, pu Cl ted last Decembei, yet diffeicnt enough to be inteic ting toi tveiyone The
pioj 1 ini w ’1 not be one ot an oidin ay swimming meet with sp ed the m in theme but will
featuie all the skill of swim miig pie '^nted in comedy Out Oi the outstanding at liatlioiis ( 1 Uie show will be the ip
pen iiici ot P 0 \tw oik \\ omen s Svimmiiig Associ ition te im llic ippt 11 nice ol this term is issuied Ij the Jut till the giils will be
in Chicqo on the pieviois Satui
d ly loi the v\ omen s N ition il Ch i npionships Iiuludeil on the Kstei ol swimmeis if Ihc IS'iWSA
IS C loi 1 i C illen ii d it is vciv In e
b tint she will swim luie in the G il ic ule Miss e illeii is piobibh the best worn in b itk stiokei in the eoui tij it the pie ent time being the h llci (1 several b lek stioke
lecou's
ThcWonuii Swiiimmj Associi lion ot IScw lioik s ieto.,ni/ed is the oldest 01 ini/iLun ot its kind 111 tilt nation hiving been in exist nt ioi 2( veils In leteni veils tilt oi^uu? tiQii has been tuuiing out on the ive age ol twelve or moie onlstniding natatois each yen Included in its list ot ch im pious lie Geitiude 1 dcilc Helen
Me in\
'Wainwiight Hit peifoimei of the \ssctiitiun wh) IS euising the big best sens itioii at the piesent mo ment is the twelve vtu old stai
1 loieiKc Schmitt
Il addition to the ippeuitue ol the New troil club Goath P ipeii guths vaisitj and Iicshman swiu
Herman Phillips Boilermaker track mentor who conceived and carried out the plan for the Purdue Relays Phillips was formerly the track coach at Butler University where he success fully originated the nationally known Butler Relays ' Fieldhouse Decoration Amazes Coed’s Eyes Bj Jean Yaigar Pi oof that miiacles ne\ei cease is easily seen in the diastic change which took place in the Boilermakei Fieldhouse Who would e\ei think that such a drab, coloiless place could be both coloitul and spectaculai What was once a monotonous bi own and grey coloi was changed to an ai i ay of bi ight coloi s in honoi of the Purdue Relays Much oi the credit loi the decoiation ideas must be giv en
Jim Delaney
Notre Dame star set a
new Fmidhouse record for the
Llmor'llffim "Til’d ilcTen shot put—53 ft 4% m Un
officially he heaved 54 feet
mei will inovide ocvci il comedy si its In oulei thit m in\ will „et 1 chuicc to peitoim in tiro Gild c i le Painngutli hib extended in invitdtion to 111 the iidteinities uid 01 1 itie to picsent comodv skits
BEBR?SE PRICE RISE
APR8L 13 $4,00 NOW
$4.50 imH
Don's Forget to Get Your Copy of THE DEBRSS from West Desk of Union — Debris Office or Salesmen
to Coach Phillips Aftci the usual delay of getting a coed into the Boilei makci 11C dhoLise fiist I became awaic of colors, red, blue, gieen in 1 white Men kept coming m hnibhiu^ 1 ist minute details Some lUbt SLOod riound lool mg up as I did Cciitest iiits w ith warm up pint leu 111 then limbeiing up by tiottiiig uound the tiaek Soon though I wandeied upstairs to look down upon the entire scene Then it was that I noticed the exact ness ill every detiil Eveiy line was white ind perfect The gieen saw dust which was placed in the spots not to lie used foi events added a bii.,htnebb not soon to be forgotten Lven tire hu^e siwdust box toi the jiole V uiltci had i tiimiiebb tint m idt me w ml to lump into it too White b indb igfa edged the high jump s uul box in exict bemi euclcb Lool iim over in one co nci I noticed n I id bo lul that looked unsc il able but someone iemail ed that it w 1 low now I gid ed ind s ud n th n rills lommrndo piacLice shcild le i 1 ew ml mtcicbtmg
evei 1
1 lie biLtin,^ down 11 continue my g izm 1 „lrnced at the ceiling only to see the hu„tbt fl ig thli 1 hive
evci btei Red sliemieib leulm
ol the ceiling eiihanecd the fla,^ even more Tiny peim ints Iiom ev CIV countiv 111 the vvoild must have been lepiesented m the ,-,ioup tint swung leiobs the center ot Field house Suddenlv it seemed so right tint the led white ai d bl le slioild doi mnto now isnevei betaic ibove this p i t lit f Aneucii puts Ihe 11 beloie leivm m> v mtr c position I „1 u ce I ove the field ig nil to t il e a lost good lool Men woie now eovciii^ tho Queens th Ul and hei illend mts with bright coloicd cicpo papci fho Queen mil hti comt well ccitunh pi iced jii m ideal sc P ind bickgiound to set
off then be lutv
■With tho 1 itio btm iboi t '-i\ hundred to one i ul con t inth giownir, lUf,ci I dcci Ic 1 it w is lime ioi lie to lent Skvvlj and with icgiet I Ictt the glanouiwcl h icldhouse thinking it one ot h'' big hif !i spots ol the jc u hitci Kmki id the committee woikiin iiuki him should ccituiilv be ton 1 it 1 lit 1 1 i the 1 il It woil 111 i in then p 1 t to mile the Puiduc Kclivs i ncnoi ibk occ ision
Ollie Hunter
anchor rrian on Notre
Dame record breaking four mile relay team and anchor man on white uul bl le medley relay team
Iiom the middle
DR PAUL A RISK
DR LUTHER A
RISK
DR HAROLD J
RISK
— DENTISTS-
400 404 Schultz
Bldg
4th nnd Miin Sts
Phone 5701
ft ————
Riveter Boxers Enter Tourney Tim Becis to ch of the Boilei 111 il Cl boxiiij, te im tod two or his best peiioinrcis to the NC box ing touinunent list wed end at M ulison rfconsin The two sc lectoes were Jim md Don 'McMillen one ot the bicst brother combin i tions in tire Big len Results ot the touinuieiit weie not veiv i ivoi ible foi the Bl itk and Gokl leiiiesent itiv ts On Jhuiseliv evening Don McMilltn lost to \Ivion Millti ot Wisconsin on i tceiimc il 1 neekout m the 1 ittei part ot the fiist round Jim McMilleii eliew i bvc in the hist tiiils but io,t i thice lound decision to John \tidivne c ipt un ot ihe Wisconsin c im m lilt Itivvwtuht tmi
im rls fight
IM Schedules Iht tollowmg IS list ol loxtis sthedulfd to box ii tht mti umu 1 I Ills touinrmcnt tnu (m ils m Tritsel ij Much 0 Iro pound ells \ K iiitsl \ K \ Reel Ldw ud Kuft J Ptiiv J 1 Lrudcnbeig 1 la iiouiul tl iss tileiin 1 iBrw (.Stt IM btlll 1)L i I's pigt 1)
(Continued from page J) up the* pole vault pit to keep the chips fiorHK becoming packed THe suspense connected with the pole vault was at times teirifie Theedent moment when-the athlete hung at the peak of his assent hefoie he tell eithei successfully over the crossbai oi discouragingly across the bai All thiough the event different featiu es of worthy notice kept aris mg The fiequent appearance of the close cropped snow white head of ‘Whitey ’ Hlad the sole point getter fiom Chicago an artesian well of Iinament aioma arising from the fleshly rubbed down contest ants and one spectacle not easy to forget was the outstanding appear aiice of H Davis colored dash man from Michigan State who took the 60 j'aicl dash as he fauly Hew down the stretch every muscle m perfect coordination and a set of perfect ivoiv coloi ed teeth leading the le mamdei of his perfect physique across the tape The unique baseball dash, where SIX big league baseball players from the teams woiking out in the state 1 aced foi the undisputable honor of the fibtest man m baseball (at the meet last night) offered a few special lulings No lead offs were allowed the men had to finish stand mg—no sliding across the line, and although Jim Russell’s hat blew off in his last few strides that took him thiough the tape ahead of his nv als he was not penalized for not be mg m full baseball unifoim when he crossed the finish line \V all Scalers Another novelty of class A-1 specification was the wall-scaling contest in which a definite world's record was established Again in this event there were no leaps bailed m fact a few new ones came to light the one half “twutch” be iiig the most general method A few of the moie outstanding men who took pait m the proceed mgs weie Matter of Illinois Matter took second m the high jump, was entered m the pole vault and hur dies Last week Matter took first m the pole vault high jump, broad lump placed m the hurdles and shot put and also sold tickets at the dooi befoie the meet Ollie Hunter of Notre Dame, one of the best two imleis m the coun tl v ran an outstanding anchor posi tioii on both the medley relay and the foui mile iela> both of which Nolle Dame won with plenty to spare Lniversitj Two Mile Relaj Mon bj- Michigan (RoxboroUoh Ross Hume Mathews Ufei), Illi nois second Indiana thud, Purdue fouith Time 7 10 9 (new American mdooi lecoid bieakmg old mark ot 7 41 6 set bv Georgetown in 1925 60 ard High Hurdles W on bj Hlad Chicago Fieweger Lavvience second Dillon Notre Dame thud Ciane Illinois fourth Tune 07 4 Shot Put M on b> Delmev Notre Dame, 5J ft 4 s 111 W elchei Diake, 50 ft b in second Saban Indiana 48 ft, 11m thud y onickei Notre Dame, 17 tt 11 i m fouith (Delaneys cftoit new Piiidue Fieldhouse lec Old bieilmg old maik ot 49 ft o 111 set bv Geoit,e Paskvaii Wiscon sin m 1941 College Two Mile Relav M on bj Mi um ( Alston Donahue, Lv Ills Blavnew) Michigan Npt mil second Western Mithigain thud Mi mu Rtseives foprth I mie 7 58 9 bO yard Dash y\ on bv Davis Michigan State Muiphv Notie Dame second Hat held Ohio State third Wimbley, Illinois Wtslevan tourth Time
06 I
Mi|oi League Baseball Dash Mon bj James Russell Pitts lui^h Piiates Bob Usher, Cinem II iti Reds second Allie Reynolds, l level md Indians third, Mijsell Platt t hie igo Cubs toiiith Timeg
06 9
Innersitv Distance MedJo) ReJay M e 11 by Notie D ime lCmiie>, Pmcell Coitoiti Hunter) IMidna, "ceeiii Illinois thud Rmdue toiith Tune 10 15J toliege Distanee Medle> Rel»y Mon by Miami (Blaney, Cpsley, Evans yiston), Miehig-an NoxmaJ, suoiui Coiiiell (Iowa) thtrdf Indi (Nee RLL VYb, page 4)N (
4
Purdue Exponent
■’“ >'''' /■- 11 «i'" '■■’.f <-1“''' .',.V, ' f Sunday, March 28, 1943
v'
/
am
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Li^jity
Relays
“I think it’s silly for you amateur strategists to dope out war 'plans. Look what happened to Hitler in Russia.”
University Calendar Week of March 28-April 3
2:15 P.M. 2:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 12:00 noon 4:00 P.M. 4:00 P.M 6:00 P.M. 6:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 2:30 P.M. 4:00 P.M. 6:30 P.JI. 7:00 P.M. 7:.30P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 4:00 P.M. 7:80 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.' 3:00 P.M. 6:00 P.M. 7:.30 P.M. All Day 9:00 A.M. 10:00 A.M. 4:00 P.M. 6:00 P.M. 8:.30P.M.
Sunday, March 28
Scout Learleus Trainins West Faculty Lge., Union Conco—Sifiinund Rombei'u Hall of Miibic Lutheian Students Meeting Room 307, Union
Monday, March 29
Asncultuial Staff Luncheon AWS Counselois Call-OuL Sigma Xi Initiation Sigma Xi Banquet SAE Dinnei Reamei Meeting PIA Dance Class Sigma Xi Open IMeeting
East Faculty Lge., Union Lee Rin., Stan. Coul. Hall West Faculty Lge., Union Xoith Ballioom, Union Rooms 332, 3 51, Union
Room 302, Union So. Ballroom. Union
Lee. Rm., Stan. Coul Hall
Tuesday, March 30
East Faculty Lge., Union South Balhoom, Union Asseiiiblv Room, Ag. Hall West Faculty Lge., Union
Room 307, Union Room 232, Union
Room 117, Holt. Bldgs
00 A.M. 00 P.M. .30 P.M.
Xeiicoincib Meeiing .
PIA Tea Dance
Ruial Wai Pioduclion Group
ASME Meeting
Alpha Phi Omega Meeting
Christian Science Organization
Aljiha Zeta Speech Contest
Wednesday, March 31 Comm, on State of University Room 26.1, Union Sliver Ma.sk Meeting ^ Room 302, Union Vaisit.v Chiibtiaii Feilowshi]) Room 307, Union Maiital Lectuie West Faculty Lge., Union
Thursday, April 1
Sci eon Review
Hillel Foundation Banquet
AIEE Meeting
Friday, April 2 Ind. Assn, of Fut. Fai mors of Am. Soil Coiiseivation Meeting Futuie Fariiiei^ of Ameiica Cosmopolitan Cluli Future Fainieis Banquet
PIA Dance
Saturday, April 3 Futuie Faimcis of Ameiica Rooms 355, 363, Union Alpha Chi 5th2 Aniiiv. Dinner E. & IV. Fac. Lgs., Union Mixei Xoith Balli 00111, Union
Union
(Continued fioni jiage 1) Mayer, John Muiphy, John Ogden, Izzy Oldham, Carl Plocknian, A1 Lydeiie Keim, Jean Laut/.. Joan Puncell, Rosemaiy Rioidaii, Ed Ruff, Jim Tillotson, M a r j o i i e
Vaughn.
War Defense Paul Blakely, chaiiman; Janice Bechtold, Jewel Cuitis, Shiiley Ennis, Mary Lou Fan man, L. E. Hairis, Jean Holt.son, Betty Lou Kiiidup, Leallnei, Betty Lyboiger, Jean Mac(^)ueen, Xie) Robeitson, Dick Robert.s. Phil Savage. Jane Scarff, Maiy 3’i i m b 1 e, Maiy Vaughn, Xoinia Wallnei. Cathei me Warren, Doug Week, f'. Hugli Williams, F’rank Zettle. Recreation i Stallings, Siiiilli co-chaii men; Rudy Altgeld, Edna Balch, Katie Bird, Arland Boigoson, R. B. Crank.shaw. Pei key (hews, Fred breyei, Ken Elliot. Ed Gibbs, .Austin Gilles|jie, Joan Goss, Jean Klein, Sue Knapjienijeigei, Lee Mai shall. Les ]\Iilliholn, Bob Xathaiis, Whitney Poweis, Paul Savage, Evelyn .Stem, Peggy Steffes, Loia Ann Stevenson, Laiaine Stigers, .Jean Wilhoyie, Ed Wmii, Jean Woinble, Robeii A'ost.
Lt. Gov. C. M. Dawson To Speak At Ag Staff
Tomorrow
S. B. Taylor
■ .EE ’21 lice- lieen elected nianulacturing Mce-pi e'.ident oi tlie R(‘liance Eleeliu A; Eiigineei mg Co, t ieveiand, Dluo layUo has b(*en with the couipanv since lUj| , nd was electc'd diic*( Loi ui thc^ eonijjitny 111 jc native ol Kentucky ami is jiieMilint ol the Cleveland hiamli oi the .Vatiomil Metal Trade.s A.s.sociation and a nienibei ol the* <is,^.oeiation’s admiii-i.'-trafive (oitiud
Lieiitenant-Govei nor Chailes M. Daa'son will he the speaker lor an Aeiicultuial Staff Luncheon ghieh v. ill lie held at noon roiiioi i ow in the Ftculty Lounge ol the Union. The toiuc ol Ml. Dawson’s speech will he “X'eW Legmlatioii Affecting' Indiana ,Agi icultuie.” 3'he Lieuteii-aiit-Govei mil is aLo the State Conimis^emer ol .Agi iculture. All tickets to the luncheon must lie ieser\ed, and may be seemed 1'0111 All ^. JlaHan. Gifford Wii! Discu.ss Meat Plight Tuesday Miss Esiha Latzke, wi iter and Mieake, Im ladio under the name of Mai'e (.ilfoid, will speak at 3 00 '(uesday aftei noon m the auditoiium ol the Home Economics hiiildmg 'I'he title of hei t.ilk vill he “’i'he Ibeseiit Aleat Situation.” .As (iiiectoi ol food econoinics foi Aiiiiom and Comiiany at ( liicago, AIiss Lat/ke is well mfoimed on the entile meat pioldeiii Hei talk 'liould he ot iiReiesl to liomeniakeis, home cconoiincs students, liateinitN and sowii itv lioiisi' mollicis, meat dealeis, and gioceis Dr. Henry B. Hass head oi the i lie niisti y depai Iiiient, was in imiianajiolis Ei ida.v uigiit to spe.il at the 73Lh annual < onvoeatioii at the Scottish Rite (alhediai on scu-iiti/K advauec's to be as.iibible lo the- geilC'lal public
• iltei till wai
Gene Maryey
Hall oi Music
East Faculty Lge., Union Room 251, EE Building
Union Building Room 203, Union
Rooms 355, 363, Union
Room 304, Union
E. & W. Eac. Lgs., Union South Balhoom, Union
(Continued from page 3) ana Slae, fourth. Time, 10:37.5. High Jump Won by Donovan, Drake; Blum, Purdue; PMe'weger, Lawrence, and Mattel, Illinois, tied for second. Distance, 6 ft., 4'14 in. (Donovan’s effort new Purdue Fieldhou.se I'ecord, breaking old mark of 6 ft., 3% in., set by Canham, Michigan, in 1941. 50 Yard Low Hurdles Won by Dillon, Notre Dame; Hlad, Chicago, second; Fieweger, Lawrence, third; Gutting, Purdue, fourth. Time, :07.0. Wall Scaling Won by Meeker; Alilfoid and Suciu tied for second; Matthews and Pielsticker tied for fourth. Height, 12 ft., 3’/'> in. Pole Vault Won hy Moore, Drake, 13 ft., 6 in.; Woneh, Michigan State, second, 13 ft., 4 in.; Westhoff, Notre Dame, and Albers, Miami, tied for third. Distance, 13 ft. Univensity Four Mile Relay Won by Notre Dame (Maloney, Leonard, Conforti, Hunter); Purdue, second; Indiana, third. Time, 17:31.1 (new American indoor record, breaking old mark of 17:49.8 set by Michigan in 1940). College One Mile Relay Won by Western Michigan (Coleman, Peek, Bowman, Kerwin); Miami, second; Michigan Normal, third; Cornell (Iowa), fouith. Time, 3:27.5. University One Mile Relay Won by Minnesota (Convey, James, Fcriin, Pohland) and Indiana (Nichols, Falwell, Long, Price) tied foi fiist; Purdue, third; Norte Dame, fourth. Time, 3:25.6. TABLE OP POINTS University Division Notre Dame 39 K Indiana 24 Purdue 17 Drake 13 Illinois 13 Michigan 10 Michigan State 8 Chicago 8 Minnesota 8 Ohio State 2 College Division Miami 29 K> Miami 29 Alichigan Normal 16 Westci n Michigan 14 Lawreiicc . 7 Cornell (Iowa) 6 Indiana State 2 Illinois Wesleyan 1 Elimination lesults fiom the afternoon tiials: 60 Aard High Hurdles Fust Heat: Won by Fouiemaii,' Ohio State; Gutting', Purdue, second. 'rime, :08 0. Secoiul Heat: Won hy Fieweger, Law'rence; Nicholson, Notre Dame, second. Time,. ;07.8. Thud Heat: Won by Dillon, Notre Dame; Crane, Illinois, second. Time,
:07.7.
Note: Hlad, of Chicago, also qualified in tune of :07.(). 60 A'ard Dash Fust Heat: Won by Davis, Michigan State; Sm.Lh, Miami, second. Time, :0G.5. Second Heat: Won by Wimheley, Illinois Wesleyan; Ilaivey, Puidue, second. Tune, :0G.5. Third Heat: Won hy Murphy, Notie Dame; Hatfield, Ohio State, second, 'fimc, :06.5. 60 A'ard Low Hurdles First Heat: Won by Dillon, Notre Dame; Steele, Indiana, second; Blum. Purdue, third. Time, :07.1. Second Heat; Won by Fouieman, Ohio State; Walker, Wabash, second; Fiewegei, Lawiencc, third. Tune, ;08 1 'i'hird Heat; Won hy .Mattel, Illinois; Gutting, Purdue, second; Cooley, Noithwestein, thud. Time,
:07.3.
Fouith Heat; Won hy Hlad, Chicago; Nicholson, Notre Dame, second; Smith, Puidue, thud. Time.
'07.3.
Shot Put (pialifiers Delaney, Noire Dame, 50 It., (iti in.; Sahan, Indiana, 48 ft., 11 in.; Welchci, Diake, 47 It, 9"'i in,; A'onickei, Notie Dame, 47 it., 9')i in ; 'fhaipe, Nolle Dame, 46 ft., 9
Personnel Notes Companies scheduled to visit the campus: Vought-Sikorsky Aircraft, Stratford, Connecticut—March 29. Interested in April and August engineers. E. I. duPont de Nemours & Company, Wilmington, Delaware— March 29 and 30. Interested in ChE, ME, MctE, PhD Chemists. Link Belt Co., Indianapolis, Ind. —Mar. 30, Interested in ME, MetE. Dow Chemical Co., Bay City, Mich.—April 2. Intciesled in ME, AE, EfJ.
Who will be featured as Romberg's tenor soloist in today's convocation
WAA News For And Of The Gals Basketball is nearing the clo.se of the season witli the class teams playing the last of their scheduled games this week. The tournament is a round robin tourney with the team with the highest percentage, the winners. Games scheduled tor this week are as follow's: 4:00 p. in. Monday, Juniors vs.
Freshmen.
7:30 p. m. Tuesday, Sophomores vs. Curtiss Wright B. 4:00 j) m. Wednesday, Seniors v.s. Curtiss Wiig'ht .A. 4:20 p. m. Wednesday, Sophomoies vs. Juniors. 7:30 p. m. Thursday, Seniors vs. Cuitiss Wiight P). 4:00 p. m. Fiulay, Freshmen vs. Cuitiss Wiight A.
—WAA—
Tiiton and Alodern Dance cluiis aic lU'epaiing for the PEW Open House to be held Fiulay, April 9, in the w'omen’s gym, in which Triton will present seveial watci ballets and the Alodern Dance Club will re-dance the program put on seveial w'oeks ago
—WAA—
Haiiict Campbell is the new badminton single’s champion, being undefeated throughout the season. Bea Beuigler took second place and Lois Veihovcn, third. 'I’he liailminton doubles finals will be played off Tuesday night. Camera Club Holds Contest 'Fliib week the Camera Cluli is holding its annual spiing exhibit in the AIusic Room of the Union. Pictuies on exhibit woic taken and enlarged by Univer.sity students and faculty membeis and will be discussed next Thuisday night at the regular Camera Club meeting. Tw'o fiist jinzes went to Fletchci Thorne-'rhomsen, who was aw.udcd fir.st ill the advanced student portrait class for his pictuio of a lioy in a straw hat, and fiist in the pictoiial clus.s for his “Sea Gulls.” “'Alagg'ic Lee” hy Lew'is Case w'as given fiist honois in the amateur student portrait class. Case also look fii^t place in the student amateui pictoiial class with “Lilies of tlie A'alley,” while Alma Lang’s “Silling Gieys,” took first place in the stall iiictoiial group. Dean A. A. Potter . . . head of the Univeisity school of Engineering, ifi; the author ol an aiticle published in a siqiplemcntaiy edition of the New' Yoi k Journal of Gommeice The article, entitled “America’s Inventois Have Pioved a Rich Natiual Resouice,” is included w'lth those ol' iiuineious other individuals piominent in iiidustiy and the patent field.
Chicago and Southern Air Lines, Inc., Memphis, Tennessee—Interested in mathematicians or physicists to work as meteorologists. Sign in Per.sonnel Office hy Wed-
nesday, March 31.
Corn Products Refining Company, Argo, Illinois—Interested in ME, ChE. Sign in Personnel Office hy Wednesday, ^larch fll. The Girdler Corporation, Louisville, Kentucky—Interested in ME, ChE. Sign in Personnel Office hy Wednesday, Alarch 31. Placement Notes
For Women
Scholarships are being offered by the Chance Vaught Aircraft Corporation to tram college women as engineering assistants. The scholarship training, which is offered to outstanding women who have completed their junior or senior year in college, will begin late m June at New York University. After receiving eight months of special technical training at N. Y. U., the students will go on to a shop training progi'am at Stratfoid. Conn. Upon the satisfactory completion of the course, the ti'ainee.s are eligible for positions in the engineering department of the aircraft corporation. Besides receiving a monthly cash allowance while at N. Y. U., the students’ tuition, room and board are provided. An interviewer from the company will be on campus tomoirow, Monday, Alarch 29, and anyone interested should call tlie Placement Seivice for Women, 2955, or sign in the Peisonnel Office before
10 a. m. Alondav.
The U. S. Civil Seivice Commission announces positions for analysts in business and industry beginning' at j!2,000 pel yeai In addition two yeai s of cxiieiience aie required for the junior analy; t job. .Anyone qualified and inteiested should inquiie at tlie PlaceiiieiiL Seivice for Women. Buy War Bonds And Stamps
MACDONALD CAREY, Broadway stage favorite now gaining popularity on the screen, has a headline role with Teresa Wright, who is costarred with Joseph Gotten in Alfred Hitchcock’s “Shadow of a Doubt.” Now plajing at the Lafajette Theatre.
Indiana Peisonnel Board announces that it wishes to receive applications for the position of Director of State Personnel from all qualified applicants up lo April 14. 1943. Aiiplicants must have had at least two ycais of experience in either public or private personnel administration. The Personnel act fi.xes the salary 1 ange of the position at the minimum late, but it will consider a higher starting salary if necessaiy. No official application iom L piovidcd, but applicants are i:rged to submit detailed information and exhibits conc'oining' their training and experience. Applications shoulil he addressed to the Indiana Peisonnel Board, 111 South Meridian Street, Indianapolis, Indiana. Agricultural specialists aie needed by the U. S. Civil Seivice Commission. For the bc,g'inning' job, qualifications include a minimum of five ycais of cxpciience, education, Ol' a combination of the two in .some scientific or .some other piofcssional lihase of agi iculture. Further iiiloimatioii may lio olitaincd through the Placement Service foi Women.
Hamilton Institute To Interview Seniors On Business Training All graduating seniors will be interviewed by a representative of the Alexander Hamilton Institute this w'cek. The interviews will take place at the University church on North Street, just cast of the Civil Engineering Building. ^ For seventeen years the heads of the engmeciing department of’the University have asked the Alexander Hamilton Institute to visit the University and explain the Executive Alanagomenl Business Training Service to the giaduating senio! s. Eacli member of the class giaduating' in April wfill be contacted by teloiihone and individual appointments will be made for the interviews. C.A.EIvehjem Will Lecture Tomorrow Featured on the initiation piogram of the Society of the Sigma Xi IS Pi of, (’. A Elvehjem of the University of Wisconsin W'ho will liiesent an open lecture at 7:30 p ni. AIoiuliiv 111 the lectuie lonm of Slanb'y (’oulter Hail Professor Elvehjem will .sjieak on “The PreseiiL Statii.s of the Vitamin B Complex.” Initiation M 1:1.7 P. M. The icst of tlic piog'iam consists of an initiation at 4:15 ix m. in the Faculty Lounge and a Ini.siness meelinp' immediately follow'ing the initi'ition foi Hie election of officers. A banquet will be iield in the noitli liallroQin at 6:00 p. m. followed hy the lecture The lecture has been oiiencd to the public because Sigma Xi fell that it vould he of iiiteiest to .students and faculty membeis. Klvehjem is pioJessoi of hiocheinisliy at the University of Wisconsin and has reccnily lieeii aw'anleJ tile ‘12nd Willuu! Gihh.s mi'dal, the I,inking' honoi of American Cliemistiy. it is the liighcst award of iiitoi national scoiie which the C'li'cago Seition of the American (fiiemitul Society can awaid in .s)iccial io''ognition of “rmiuent woilv 111 and oiiginal contributions to pui” or aiiplied chennstry.” i.Natne Ol Wisconsin A native ol Wisconsin, Piofessor Elvehiem loceived his undorgiaduale Daining <it the University of Wisconsin and was awarded the Ph D deg'i'oe in 1927. AfLei .studying in Caiiihi'idgo in England, he returned to V/isconsin and became a piofessor iii 1936.
Low Hurdles Semi-Finals First Heat: Won hy Dillon, Xotie Dame; Fieweger, tjawrence, second; Gutting, Purdue, thud. Time,
;()7.1.
.Second Heat: Won iiy Hlad, Chi'cago; Alatter, Illinois, second; Xicholson, Notre Dame, third. Time, :()7.1. IM Schedules (Continued fiom page 3) R. Egii, S. J. Rudasics, Les Davies. 155 pound class: Sidney Weissor, William Poston, Aloiey Diake, Joe Gi'egory, Jack Beihle , 165 pouiul c'las.s: 'I’im Ilai riiigton, 1) E. Lai kill, Don Heile, Ed Ryden. 175 pound class: Bob Steele, Bill Leslie, Sheimaii DePew, Chailes J, Gadi 1 ey Heavyweight' .S II, Dowell, J. Iluwill. 11 A. .Seidell, Paul Fine. 'I'hose who wish to pat ticijiate may still i ntei hy contacting' J. W Beei'-. i
' Science Helps You. Save! Continuing scientific research h'ls taught us how to treat your clothes kindly when you send them to us for cleaning service. CKOWiN CLEANED CLOTHES i.AST LONGER nVY WAR BONDS @R0WN Laundry
E/AE DRY CLEAISllSC
Motices
Alpha Phi Omega: Caps have arrived. Puifhnsc must bo obtained from M, L. Heiider, 312 S. Gary Elall. —BENDER Alpha Phi Omega: Important bubincss meeiing Tue«day, March 30. at 7:30 p. m. in room 307 uf the Union. Election of officers will be held then. — GOSSWEIN/’ Acromodelcrs; Meeting Monday. March 29. room 80, Union building. —CRIST Military Training Certificates: Those Btudents who are not in the EHC and expect to join the Armed Service should call at the Aimoi> to make arrangements for their ROTO Cerlilicatos —ROBINSON Dolphin Club: Htgulur meeting Tuesday, M. irch 30 at T’l') p m in room 101 of the I itldhou^t. All aclivts please be prebont —SMITH Sigma Delta Chi: Pledges pick up plaQUCS m the Exponent oHiee on my desk. —BOSWINKLE / - Students in Machine Design Courses: Makeups lot tests missed in M. E. 11, €5 and bC) will be given at 1 p. m. Saturday, Apnl k in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineiiing building —AULT Gimlet (Pledges and Actives: Pledging on 'liDsdav. AM.ircli 30. at 7:30 p. m. Place will lx annouiued kitir -MENKE T.\u Beta Pi: Khetion of pledges Thursda.v, Apnl 1. at 7 U) p m in room 302 of ih' Union Plaiuus will be given only to min who attend. —SEDDON Military Students: A group of five reels movie film on the subjicks,.Australian campanrn, close (ombat fighting, U. S. in Aleutians. Aimv tank dtstioyir-., and Small arms (Tro against ancraft. will be shown in the EK building loom 12l>, Wednesday, March .)!. at 1 i> m. All military students invited. —MAIER Pistol Team: Debris pictme will bo taken .it 1 p rn 'luesdav, Mai ch 30. at the Armory, 'roose in ROTC wear uniform BROWN Zouavc.s: Zouave kevs now in at Burpat’s. Ml -tingi to hi. IkUI eveiy Tuesday, Wednesd.L\ and Thursday at I starting on March 30. Rigulai inlanliv manual of arms to bo I night ItiiuKst attendance of all members. CROSS (,leo Club: Usheis for Romberg Convo wij'i busines-. '•uits, not tails. Be there at 1 !u j> ni —KING SD\ Pledges: Pliasi atop in the Exponent oflai lomonow <itlernoi)n. Monday, March -’9 and fill out plenlge ceitificates. — BUTZ Delta Rho Kappa: Pledges pick up boards in ’ooni 302 of the Union between 4 and " 0 Moiukiv. Maich 20. Get them as early a. pos-ible — BOSMA ( am era (liib: Thi re wull be a meeting 'IhuiMiiy April 1. at 7:30 p. m in tho Mu^u U )om. dlu prints on exhibit will be du-.cu sul -HAYWARD IDllel Members: Meeting Sunday at 5:30. Conn and h«lp with nominations. There wilt be supiHi, dancing and a jirogrum. HIRSCHEIELD
Classified Ads
TypcwrHcrs: Adding machines, all makes lid, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeo* piaph woik done. C. .T. Ebershoff, 605 5^in, Laf.iyetti. Phone 2779. Money fo Loan: On diamond*!, watcheSi guns, luggage, tyiH'wnters. AlbcrPa Loan OITho. 407 Columbia. Wanted—M< n .md women stud^'nts to woik .it PiiMfue Cafeteria. Apply at Cafel< r.a Oliiie
Lost—Gn I foiinlain m PhoTie 8002
iiTul hlaek lifetime Shcaffer Riward J. V. Whistler.
Wanted—Will pav cash for desk model .MUD C;i!I Jack, phone 51581.
UlBERllUtliMEfUCfl.S
A' (Tapper, young tvaitef named Phipps, Said—“I’m going to taKd all my tips And buy Savings Stamps So boys at the camps Have bombers, machine guns, and sliips!” I Help your county reach it* iWoc Bond f|uota. Invest 10% or more every payday in War Bonds and Stamps.