Indiana 7 Nebraska 7
Wisconsin 14 Marquette 13
BeioH6 Chicago 0
illinois 0 Bradley 0
Hinnesoia 62 Arizona 0
Michigan SMe 16 Wayne 0
Purdue
Z-1B5
Volume 51/ No. 19
Exponent
Sunday. October 1, 1939
News
.jiWeek
• Did Hitler Remove General Von Fritsch? • Legionnaires Demand Dignity • Milwaukee Employment Increases • Yankees 3-1 Favorites In World Series
WAR
Did Hitler Remove The One Man . . . that has dared to oppose the dictator’s every policy is the question being asked by military strategists of every country this week. Colonel General Werner von Fritsch, according to a dispatch datelined Fuhrer Headquarters, “was -killed the 22nd day of September in battle before Warsaw.”^ Thus the German Nazi press explained the death of one, if not the best, of Germany’s field generals. In 1936, at the time Hitler order- —
ed Nazi troops into the Rhine area, Fiitsch, with a group of army officers opposed the move. Again Fritsch opposed der fuehrer, when Hitler’s wrath fell upon Martin Niemuller. Niemuller was later ploced in a concentration camp for not decorating his church with the Nazi
swastika.
Purged Once In 1938 von Fritsch opposed War Marshal von Blomberg’s marriage to his stenographer on groimds of class distinction. Soon afterwards Fritsclwwas purged from the party, but was reinstated later. Just 24 hours before his death was reported rn the German press, military officials denied that Fritsch was on Pol-
rsh soil.
Accordrng to a report broadcast over the Warsaw radio station, von Fritsch was killed by members of the Gestapo, Nazi secret police. This version of the general’s death came from a German prisoner of war, who said he saw von Fritsch heading south, away from the front, Thursday, the day before he was
killed.
"Warsaw Has . . . capitulated unconditionally,” was the terse military communique fiom the Ger-man high command Thursday regarding the Warsaw surrender. Over 100,000 men comprised the military garrison that occupied the city Friday. A communique from the Polish army officials placed the Polish casualties during the seige at 36,000; 16,000 soldiers and 20,000 civilians. Italian Foreign . . . Minister Count Ciano will arrive in Berlin today, according to an announcement made by high German officials. It was said that the visit would fall within the limits of the Rome-Berlin axis, whereby the two countries are to consult each other before a major military move is made. Ciano is expected to call on both Hitler and Foreign Minister von Ribbentrop. Early In The Week . . . Germany began construction of bombproof army headquarters along the western front, which seems to signify that Germany /believes that a long waged war with France and England is a certainty. Last Sunday, French defense guns along the Maginot line began a heavy bombardment of the Siegfried line, between the eastern Saar region and the Vosges mountains. The artillery attack was met by German leaders with a massing of German troops at the three-corner-ed border of Belgium, Holland, and Germany. German high command said that was the soft spot through neutral territory that the Allies were most apt to strike. French officials reported that French troops and artillery had driven back the first counter-attack by the Germans, with great losses.
Germany And . . . Russia have jointly divided Poland and are now joined in an effort for peace upon the basis of the frontier mutually agreed upon. At the same time the two countries agreed that Germany might call on Russian resources to blockade and carry on the war against the Allies.
NATIONAL
>As Congress . . . prepared to choose the best plan to keep the United States out of war, the veterans of the last World War, the American Legionnaires, met in Chicago last week and elected a new national commander. The man they chose was Raymond J. Kelly, Detroit’s corporation
counsel.
In addition to electing new officers, renewing “buddy” ties, and having a general good time, the Legion asked (1) Congress to convene indefinitely “during' the present giave crisis”; (2) that President Roosevelt and Congress pursue a policy that will preserve the sovereignity and dignity of the United States as well as its neutrality; and (3) that the armed forces of the United States be expanded immedi-
ately.
Impartial Surveys ... in Washington this week indicated that the administration has the edge on votes repealing the neutiality law. At present, 61 senators, two more than a majority are lined up with the President. The opposition forces have 35 votes, and 10 senators have not committed themselves. The bill, designed as the Pittman bill, embodies in the main the “repeal of the embargo and a return to international law." "Purge" Action . . . was asked last week by the Roosevelt administration for 2,850 government employees, known to Ije communists. Chairman of the house committee on un-American activities Dies stated that the department of justice will proceed to eliminate from the federal payroll a list of persons who have been under close scrutiny for some time. In addition. Congress will be asked to outlaw the German-American bund and the communist party of the United States in view of the European conflict and the recent Russo-German pact. Filmdom Lost . . . one of its pioneers last Sunday when Carl Laemmle, Sr., 72-year-old motion picture producer, died at his home in Beverly Hills, Calif., of a heart attack. Laemmle was the retired head of Universal City, the largest film-producing unit in the industry. He amazed the industry in 1909 when he stirted the famous star system by signing Florence Law(Continued on pagq 4)
Notre Dame Nips Riveters, 3-0, I Roekne Stadium Grid Clash
Rush Is On ~ Rushees, Get Your Invitations At Union Invitations to the informal sorority rush dinners to be held at each chapte;r house tomorrow, Tuesday, and Wednesday evenings will be ready for rushees at the Union desk this afternoon between 2 and 5:30. Today is to be a day of rest, as PanHellenic rules allow no rushing. Almost 200 co-eds who are going through rush attended formal teas at all sorority houses yesterday afternoon. Preceding the teas rushees met in the Union ballroom to hear Dean of Women, Dorothy C. Stratton, and Roy Street, Pan-Hellenic lawyer, give brief addresses on rush policies. Lafayette YMCA Will Observe Anniversary With Week's Program High-light of the coming Week’s celebration of the 50th anniversary of the founding of the Lafayette YMCA, which starts this morning with all local ministers devoting their sermons to subjects related to the YMCA, will be Friday night’s dedication of the George Williams Room at the YMCA building. Dr. Stanley Coulter Dr. Stanley Coulter, formerly of the University faculty, will give an informal talk upon George Williams, the Londoner who founded the YMCA, as he knew him 60 years ago. A pictuie of George Williams sent by his grandson from London Will be officially hung in the George Williams Room. At the dedication Dr. George Switzer will talk briefly on George Williams as he learned to know him when he visited in London while Williams was alive. George Williams founded the Y-MCA in London in 1844. Monday theie will be a father and son banquet at 6:30 p. m. in the
Steady Old Bussy Kelleher Converts In 3d Quarter; Rankin, Byelene Star For Riveters By Rolfe Jenkins South Bend, Sept. 30.—A gallant Boilermaker eleven lost a 3-0 decision to the Fighting Irish of Notre Dame in the opening game of the football season here today beforfe a crowd of 40,000 fans. The three-point margin indicated the edge which the Irish built up during the third period after the game had been deadlocked for two quarters.
Deadly David
Frank Bykowski . . . playing in his home town yesterday, gave the home folk a show that they like to see by the local boy who has made good at college. Frank, playing almost all of the game, was a main factor in turning back the Irish onrush time after tinie when the Ramblers were so near pay dirt. YMCA with Noble Kizer, Joe Mihal, Bob Bailey, and Dan Fisher on the book as speakers. The Purdue Men’s Glee Club will sing. Tickets for the banquet are 40 cents. Old Hi-Y members will step into their environment again Tuesday night at 7:30 at the Hi-Y reunion at the YMCA. Father Flanagan Father E. J. Flanagan, founder of Boys’ Town, Neb., will speak at the anniversary banquet Wednesday night at 6:30 in the Union. Before the banquet Wednesday night the state committee meeting will be held in the YMCA from 4 to 6 o’clock. Thursday night at 7:45 iq the YMCA, Jimmy McClure will have charge of badminton, volley ball, and table tennis tournaments and exhibitions.
Many Schools Over The Country Conduct Neutrality Polls; Show Varied Results
While implied opposition to Nazis was shown plainly in most of the straw votes, the Daily Tar Heel at the University of North Carolina reports a poll held to determine whether Fritz Kuhn, German-Amer-ican Bund leader, should appear on the campus as a speaker, indicated that students wished to “let him have his say.” It is doubtful if this is in any way contradictory to feelings expressed at other campuses, but, rather an indication that in spite of severe opposition from such organizations as the American Legion, students at North Carolina still have faith in democratic pro-
cesses.
At Massachusetts State College, a survey conducted by the student body was confined to faculty members and still no measure of unanimity of opinions was shown. Professors in the economics and history department were about evenly dii^ided on the question of embargo versus “cash and carry” policy. On university campuses throughout the nation, neutrality straw votes similar to the Exponent Peace Poll, now being completed, are in progress. Marked differences in opinions in
different sections of the country are the most significant evaluation that can be drawn from the various results. At the University of California, although the student body wants isolation at present, the Daily' Californian poll showed that if Germany should appear to be winning the war, a majority would consider
offering military aid.
Contrasted to this view is that at a midwest university, the University of Kansas. The University Daily Kansan poll, conducted in conjunction with the Kansas City Star, found only 16 per cent of the students would be willing to aid the Allies, regardless of their plight. University of Kansas students were about evenly divided on whether the United States should allow “cash and carry” sales to all nations at war or retain the present em-
bargo.
Paradoxically, the editor of the Californian pointed out, California students voted to maintain the neutrality act and yet give the Allies financial aid. The editor remarked to such results that it was good that the university was planning to continue its informative discussions on international problems.
Dave Rankin “Tha^s one end whom I’ll take my hat off to,” said Bill Stern, NBC’s famous radio announcer, yesterday to millions as he praised the remarkable all-American play of Purdue’s great David Rankin, who battled 60 full minutes of the terrific Notre Dame clash yesterday. Iron-Man Augie
Angle Morningstar ... one of the most highly spirited men on the Purdue squad for a number of years, is full of that old Purdue spirit. This Buckeye is afraid of no team or no player in the nation, and his actions on the Notre Dame field for 60 full minutes yesterday showed that this gentleman is slated to be the first OO-minute center that Purdue has had since thq days of John Ohler and Okie Miller of the early ’30’s.
It was second string quarterbaek Kelleher of Notre Dame who place kicked the 15-yard field goal in the middle of the third quarter. A couple of first downs by Zontini and Saggau, Irish halfbacks, set the stage for the place kick by bringing the ball down to the Purdue fouryard line. Three plays set the Irish back on the eight-yard line, in the center of the field, and Zontini held the ball while Kelleher, 153-pound field general,'*booted it over. Boilermaker Bid "Only once did the Boilermakers make what looked like a definite bid for a score. With nine minutes left to go Byelene suddenly broke loose from a couple of Noti’e Dame tacklers on the 21-yard line, see-sawed his way across the field, and was finally pulled down on the 39-yard line. Galvin then tossed a short pass to fullback Liebrecht, who was stopped at midfield for another first down. Galvin picked up a couple of yards and Byelene was stopped cold. Byelene' followed with a jmss to Rankin on the Notre Dame 37-yard line. That was the end. Galvin tried to throw another pass but the Irish line pushed through en masse, and the Chicago halfback was dropped six yards behind the line of scrimmage. DeWitte recovered three yards, but Galvin missed on another pass attempt, and the Boilermakers were forced to punt. Rankin Stars Dave Rankin played brilliantly at left end for the Boilermakers, frequently breaking through to stop Notre Dame runners before they reached the line of scrimmage. Augie Morningstar, who played the entire game at center and acted as captain, also stood out in the line, and Frank Bykowski played a consistent game at left guard. Notre Dame was headed by a four-star backfield in the Sitko-Sag-gau - Zontini-Thesing combination, but on several occasions Harvey and Kerr saved the Irish from embarrassment. Bill McGannon sparkled in the backfield while substituting for Saggau. Power in both lines was evident. Neither team was able to gain consistently, and neither piled up a very large total from scrimmage. The Irish gained 131 yards from scrimmage to 81 for the Boilermakers, but each team made five first downs. Purdue completed two out of five passes and Notre Dame none out of five. The two for the Boilermakers were good for 20 yards. Laterals Disastrous Laterals tried by the Gold and Black were disastrous. The Notre Dame line rushed through and dropped Riveter backs behind the line of scrimmage frequently on lateral pass plays and attempted passes. Even on punts Brown and Galvin were rushed by the fast charging Irish forward wall. For the greater part of the game, however, the Boilermaker line held its own again the best that Elmer Layden had to offer. The famed “three team” system was not put into practice. The second Irish elev(Continued on page 3)* I
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday< October 1# 1939
But
By Romanoff Evei’y now and then some faint little voice in the dark cries out for some kind of vocational guidance for the nation’s young people. Shall Louie be an engineer or blues singer? It looks like a man-sized task all right. In fact several men in the Empire State think they have devised a plan, The only catch to it is that you have to know the governor or someone before you are considered eligible to take the test. Then, if you are successful in meeting the gov, you still have to dig down in your trouser flap and find $10 (an enormous sum for a bewildered, uneducated, and unemployed soul to possess) with which to cover the cost of the questions. ♦ ♦ * ■ ' What fun it would be to try this exam on some of the bigger guns of industry such as Hank Ford, Hearst, and Joe Louis (yep, that’s an industry . . . try it some time). One look at the tally would probably show that Ford should have stuck to fixing clocks or whatever he was sticking to when the mass production bug pulled him loose. Imagine Louis’ surprise if he were to learn the sad truth that he could have become a Father Devine. Hearst, of course, would probably turn put to be a good prospect' for the newspaper business. You just can’t get rid of guys like that . . . they’ll do it every time. * * >!< Over in town the other night in a weak moment we learned why one Purdue ed chose to become a mechanical engineer. Once upon a time he was out driving on that proverbial country road when the car refused to run. In the presence of a woman, natiirally the next thing to be done is to look innocent as heck and get out and gihgerly lift the hood. Motorists, mostly women, having been doing this little hood lifting trick for years not knowing what they would do if they did notice something wrong inside. Anyway, he lifted the hood and, lucky boy, a cable leading to one of the most prominent spark plugs was short circuited to the frame of the car. With a profes-
Purdue Exponent
Entered as lecond class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, tinder the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage prorided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editorial Board R. E. Insley ; _.........Editor-in-Chief W. E. Smith Business Manager
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Llehty
D. G. Terrio 6. W. Frederick...E. M. Antonini G. Schilling... R. Jenkins.
Editorial R. F. DeSoog R. W. Donahue D. K. Heiple J. H. McKee M. L. Mlers J. C. Wlllsey D. J.
Editorial Director
....Managing Editor
....Senior Advertising Manager .........Co-ied Editor Sports Editor ^Junior Staff
Business
R. Fisher
R. Hall A. Illte
M. Hagemeyer
T. Petty
G. Cox, Sec.
Sports
J. P. Dolan S. D. Marquis M. M. Richards
Co-ed
M. Burtsfleld G, Carroll B. Simpson
Henninger, Art Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
REPRCSKNTBD FOR NATIONAt. ADVERTISINO BV National Advising Smice, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 MADISON AVE. NEW York. N.Y. CHICAGO • BOSTOS • LOG ARGELES • SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Piu^ne University. All opinions in it. unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—Willsey Issue Editor—Elvis Sunday, October 1, 1939
sional swish of the wrist he replaced said wire and swaggered back to the driver’s post. She: “Gee, Dave, you’re marvelous. Why don’t you become something big like a mechanical engineer?’’ He (with his head grown to abnormal proportions): “That’s what I’m planning to do.” • * * * Now he’s one of GA’s men. That’s how it goes . . , vocational misguidance in its purest form.
^thsk^diiA - By Hank Miller Last Thursday evening saw the last performance of that ace director, pei'former, bandleader, and talent scout, Rudy Vallee. Rudy concluded the longest performer-spon-sor relationship in radio history when he and his sponsor reached an agreement in which they mutually agreed that a change would do theih both good. Rudy is frequently called the Ziegfeld and Barnum of radio and is responsible for uncovering the radio talents of Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy, Bob Burns, Alice Faye, Joe Penner, Frances Langford, Tommy Riggs and Betty Lou, and many others. Among the stars who came to radio first through the medium of Rudy Vallee’s Variety Hour were Grace Moore, Katherine Hepburn, Helen Hayes, Fannie Brice, Lou Holtz, Robert Montgomery, and Joe Cook. In his 10 years on the same. Thursday night spot on NBC, Rudy has missed but two broadcasts. He is considered by music publishers as the prime factor of show business in the introduction of new songs to the public. His program was the most sought after by neophytes trying to break into radio, and probably the most well-balanced variety program on the ether. Rudy has long wanted to see South America and probably will before he returns to the air. No plans have been announced as yet as to what he will do about future programs except that in a letter to yours truly he said that he hoped to be back on the air soon with a bigger and better series of programs, Rudy gets our vote for having the best variety program on the air and here’s hoping to see him back soon.
Here is an orchid to Joe Mihal, last year’s football captain, who proved himself very versatile yesterday as he described the second and third quarters of the PurdueNotre Dame game. For his first attempt at play .description, he did a very nice job, though there are a few rough spots that need to be polished off. These rough spots will probably take care of themselves with a little more experience, however. „ —e-e—• We have heard that Irv Maury’s band is to play for a stage show tomorrow night at Fowler, Indiana, for the Indiana Corn Festival, as the band has been voted the typical American college band. Also to appear on the program for the eve-
ning are to be screen star June Travis, radio sports commentator Hal Totten, and old time radio favorites Eddie and Fannie Cavanaugh. We also heard that there are to be MGM talent scouts there to take in the whole situation. If this is all true it sounds like a golden opportunity for somebody.
THE
By G. Van Biema America’s favorite entertainment? You are right: the movies. But have you ever stopped to consider where Hollywood gets the material for the outstanding dramas of the screen? The other day, while “passing time” at the Browsing Room in the Union I happened to run across a copy of Edith Wharton’s “The Old Maid,” the book which furnished the plot for Bette Davis’ most recent ttiumph. I sat down in the nearest chair and—may as well confess it—did ngt stop reading until I had I’eached the last page. There is a certain feeling of nearness and fascination which I experience when reading a really good book. Life Like Problems The volume which I had picked up was the dramatized version of the famous novel, the work of Zoe Akins, one of the foremost American artists in that field. The scene is in old New York, the characters are members of the ruling classes of the city. The play deals with the fate of two women—cousins—both of whom are in love with the same man. It was only after finishing the book that one ' comes to realize the great skill of the author. The action gets under way at a rapid pace, right from the beginning. Problems are developed and solved in a succession of life-like, exciting scenes each of which represents an episode in the life of the main characters.* These men and women appear perfectly real against a background of 19th century splendor and typical 19th centuiy convictions and opinions. The way in which it is written makes this play a great work of art and worthy of the efforts of the screen’s greatest stars. Stop in at the Browsing Room some time this week and see for yourself! You can be sure to spend some delightful hours. 120 Couples . . . danced to the music of Paul Reedy and his Campus Commanders at the mixer last night in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12.
Co-ed House Presidents Plan Semester’s AdivitieS Plans for this semester’s activities were made Thursday night at the first meeting of the Co-ed House Presidents’ Coimcil. The election of officers was postponed until a later meeting. All houses are urged to have a representative present at the next meeting. Miss Clare Coolidge, Assistant Dean of Women, and Ann Sickman, WSGA president, spoke to the group. The aim of the coimcil is to keep the co-ed rooming houses in close touch with WSGA and campus affairs. Debate Tryouts Varsity debate tryouts will be held Tuesday afternoon at 4 o’clock in 301 University Hall. Candidates for the varsity team will be prepared with a five-minute talk on this subject: Resolved, That the government should own and operate the railroads. Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
LmA TODAY - MONDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
fN-llEWlNl (CII*®*
Noah Baerg • Constance Moore Guinn "Big Bog" Williams
IT'S FIRST RUN ■— — PLUS—-2nci FEATURE
Pinch hitting for your regular columnist who seems to have been overwhelmed by the fracas at South Bend yesterday. —TheBOOTNOSE B & B We hear that Art Gray, “blonde Errol Flynn” of the archery range, hasn’t a request to the Gold Diggers’ dance a couple of weeks from now. Such worrying, and all over ■ something two weeks away. We thought that eds worried about now not then. B & B Claude Thompson, Lambda Chi’s little bunny-dove, is having his troubles with the home town girl friend. Last year when she was segregated at a girls’ school she wrote fourpage letters every day—^now she’s at Indiana, writing post cards every Monday. These joe schools makes the heart grow fonder—for someone else. B & B Well sorority rush is almost over, but little girlies who are being rushed, keep up that “sophistication” and nonchalant attitude. Your doing fine and fooling everybody, even yourselves. B & B Dorothy Sieb, WRH freshman, got rather wet last- night when she attended the Phi Psi steak fry; It seems that she mistook the fish pond in Clevett’s back yard for something else. B & B Hickory, dickory dock Two mice ran up the clock. The clock struck one, / But the other came down uninjured. —Second Hand B & B In days of old When men were bold Knight-hood was in flower But now on co-eds cold All we can do is glower. B & B ROUTINE FOR LIVING Early to bed, Early to rise And your girl goes out With other guys. B & B FROM THE AGGIES There’s corn that you drink There’s corn that you eat But the worst corn of all Is the corn on Your Feet. —Swiped. B & B Editor B & B Dear Sir: In days of old,- castles defended their ladies fair with moats (brooks
na. U. 8. FM. Off^-AO
“Young Buskin there is just out of college and already he’s one of our most valuable men—^he can get us tickets right on the 60-yard line!”
around the castle, to you). Now the MODERN fair ladies ( ?) keep the “Wolves’’ and other men from the door by sprinklers. Kindly note the , Alpha Chi Castle. —The Modern Night. —B&B— Sleepless Nights For the sake of the Lambda Chis it is our duty to ask the ALPHA CHIS to either give up exercising at night or reverse the direction of their blinds . . . the lads must have SOME sleep if they are to be in any kind of condition for the week end. —B & B— Here is a little poem of which the appropriate title is, “I Love Me:” Ah me! Who can it be? With hair that’s fair. And eyes so grey. The pearl-like teeth. In white array; A dimple in the chin. Of a rosy complexion. It dawns on me. It’s my reflection. —Bob Miller
Mayor F. H. LaGuardia and all of his commissioners will give a lecture course this year at New York University on the city’s government.
ARC
TODAY- MONDAY
— AND —
mmk ® mmm iMH
wifi;,HUSBAND 'frieniM
—ALSO — KRAZY KAr
IT TELLS ON THE LADIES! V-:* XiO^ “ li men ^ eel ana 135 women 'the spectacle ^ nothing on ,
NOW PLAYING
IT COULDN'T BE MORE ENTERTAINING IF WE'D SEARCH^ YEAR TO TOP IT! A desperate girl'—A restless man. —A confused wife I What a thrill-situatiori for ilove trouble!
NOW SHOWING
main
CHARLES COBURN • HHEN VINSON KAIHARINE ALOUNDER • JONATHAN HALE • MAURICE MBSCOVICH
— ADMISSION —
Nights and Sundays.......
35e
Week Day Matinees
- .25c
Children Always
.....lOe
Starts TODAY
THRILLS BEYOND BELIEF!.. Loves Stranger still! -the Greatest modemnovel!sir-’
' Sf'i; '".li H"^Sili-iirfi''
Sunday, October 1, 1939
£xpomjnJt Spo^ fifoqsi
t
Cross Country Team To Face Pitt In First Dual Meet Of Season Cross-country squad, determined to wreak vengeance for the resounding beating handed the Boilermakers by the Pitt thinlies last spring, is practicing in preparation for the opening meet with the Easterners on October 14. The squad is led by Gaulke with Holderman promising to be number one man. Mack White, Reeves, and Smith, all veterans, round out what appears to be a very promising squad. The complete schedule is not released as yet, but the only meet to be held in Boilermaker territory will be against Illinois, during which our thinlies fully expect to repeat last year’s victory. The new course which was laid out last year and on which the Pittmen so soundly trounced the Riveter squad, will be abandoned for this year’s meet, and the old course which runs west of the stadium will be used again. Billiard Room To Award Trophy To Greek Champ The Union billiard room is making preparations for an Interfraternity billiard tournament to be played in the billiard room as soon as a sufficient number of the fraternities have made entries. Each fraternity should enter their best player and an alternate at the desk in the billiard room. If a sufficient number of the fraternities make entries, the officials announced that a trophy will be purchased and presented to the winning player. The game is to be 60 points 14.1 pocket billiards, with every representative playing every other.
The federal government spends $14,000 for every student graduated from the U. S. Naval Academy. The first college gymnasium in the U. S. was erected in 1860t at Amherst College.
Unique Brother Aqt
iisJdsurL
East Favorites Win, Both Service Teams
QhoitSL Show Slow Offense
A1 and Italo Rossi, pictured above form one of the few brother combinations in American intercollegiate football today. The Rossi boys, hailing from Pekin, 111., both weigh in the 220’s and are heavyweight wrestlers as well as gridders. Italo is a sophomore and A1 a junior. Last season when the opposition got a little on the rough side of the books, big A1 used to calm the opposition down with a cross between a flying mare and half Nelson.
Notre Dame Nips Boilermakers, 3-0 (Continued from page 1) en spent five minutes and 40 seconds on the playing field in the first half with the single exception of Kelleher, who entered the fray ahead of his teaihmates. In the fourth quarter the second squad was jerked after a few plays when the Boilermakers started their only steady drive, one which carried them from their own 21-yard line to the Notre Dame 37 before being repulsed. Bands Parade Before the game the Notre Danje band opened the festivities by marching out onto the field in the form of a football and playing “The Beer Barrel Polka.” At the south end of the field they broke into the familiar strains of “The Irish Washer Woman,” and wound up their march with the “Notre Dame Victory March.’ Both bands paraded during the intermission, the Purdue band going through a series of well-executed formations.
AIME The spring field meeting of the Chicago section of the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers will be held on the campus on April 27, 1940, it was announced by AIME officials. The Chicago Executive Committee approved the date at their September meeting, and 40 or 60 of the Chicago section’s outstanding engineers are expected to be present for the meeting. /-M Schedules
SOFTBALL—MONDAY Diamond 1— Acacia vs. Pi Kappa Alpha 2— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda 3— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon 4— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon 5— Delta Tau Delta vs. Delta Upsilon 6— Faculty vs. Alpha Chi Rho 7— Kappa Sigma vs. Pi Kappa Phi 8— Theta Tau vS"; Theta Chi 9— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Sigma Alpha Mu 10— Theta Xi vs. Alpha Sigma Phi , 11— Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa 12— Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Tau 13— Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Pi 14— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Kappa Delta Rho 16—Delta Chi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon 16— ^Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Delta Theta 17— Sigma Nu vs. Triangle 18— Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Sigma
By Robert J. Deckard — * Purdue’s season-opener was not a disappointment to F. C. Surely, the Boilermakets went down to defeat at the hands of the Fighting Irish from Notre Dame, but that wasn’t pertinent enough to give the Riveters the blues Out of this affair arose facts, and potent .facts at that, that revealed the many possibilities ^and potentialities the Riveters possess and will possibly utilize in the remaining games on the 1939 schedule. —^fc— ' For one thing, the Boilermakers are definitely categorized as men who can really “take it,” and we mean they really can take it. The Irish threw team after team at the Boilermakers, threatened three times to score in touchdown territory, and came out with only, a three-to-nothing score against the Riveters, who lacked enough reserves to bop their hosts. —^fc— Undaunted from beginning to end, Elward’s charges repelled' these threats, and, as Joe Dolan, associate sports editor, says, “A game ‘won’ from the nine-yard is not won” holds true in this case. If you remember, Johnny Kellcher, ND quarterback, booted one straight through the bars, to put the South Benders ahead for_^keeps. —^fc— A second characteristic of the Boilermakers is that they can “come back,” even under pressure as Layden’s outfit applied in the second half. Once Purdue’s passing and running attack got underway, in the fourth quarter of yesterday’s moral trictory for Purdue, they seemed to be on the proverbial war path. But some sort of a factor entered into the situation that prevented the Boilermaker contingent from putting the pigskin over that coveted goal line. —^fc— Speaking in terms of Purdue’s de-
8000 HOURS OF LABOR AT y PER HOUR
Do You Know That; You receive the product of 8000 student hours for $4.00 when you buy your—
1940 BEittlS
QompbdiL Qooahcu^ ihsL QamjfuiA,
Army, Colgate, New York University, Duke, Navy, and Dartmouth opened the eastern seaboard games with wins over weaker opponents, the NYU win, however, coming as a surprise. The Cadets of West Point, playihg on the plateau above the Hudson, received the first opening scare that the Soldiers have ever received, because a group of invaders from Furman University had enough defense to hold the West Pointers to a 16-7 win. A crowd of 7,000 spectators saw the game. NYU’s backfield ace, Ed Boell, took off on a 65-yard scoring advance to count for the Violet machine, and Galu booted the extra point that gave the' New York team a one point margin over Colgate. The Red Raiders’ marker was scored on an 88-yard journey by Bill Geyer. Dartmouth had an easy time with St. Lawrence University of Canton, N. Y., winning 41-9. Dartmouth scored in every period, and the Saints counted nine points against the Green Wave’s third team. After being held to a 6-6 tie for the initial two periods by William and Mary, Navy shot back to cruise over the age old institution, 31-6.
fense, one has to commend heartily several lads for the fight they put on for the 40,000 fans at Rockne Stadium. Dave Rankin, end, was the spark plug of the defense, time and time again breaking into the flashy backfleld plays of the Irish and stopping Zontini, Sauggau, Thesing, and others. —^fc— Augie Morningstar, center and Boilermaker captain during the game, was just as potent. He, as did Rankin, was in there every second of the season-opener. The glonde-headed center held the line up well, while Dick Potter received his portion of the honors at tackle. Leon DeWitte, who played a whale of a game at full, furnished the spark in the secondary’s defense. —^fc— Offensively, the Boilermakers assumed their duties as well as could be expected in the first game. Mike Byelene and Jack Brown, halfs; Leon DeWitte, fffil; and Ted Hennis, quarter, made a fine impression. John Galvin, half, by virtue of his throwing arm in the game, is headed for big things, according to sport dopesters galore who witnessed Purdue’s “defeat” at the hands of the Irish.
Hoosier-Nebraska Contest Ends In Tie Indiana forgot to play four quarters of football against Nebraska yesterday at Memorial Stadium and had to be satisfied ^ith a 7-7 tie, the Comhuskers counting in the " final frame. The two teams played to a scoreless tie last season. 'Twenty thousand persons saw the Hoosiers embark on another season with a tie score. With the visiting team getting the advantage of a punting duel during the first half, the halftime score was deadlocked. As the second half started, the Hoosiers took the kickoff and drove 55 yards immediately for a score, Hurbert converting after Halfback Tofil had scored from the one-yard line. An Indiana drive ended on the Huskers’ 20 late in the fourth, and from there the Nebraska eleven passed their way to the I. U. twoyard line on four passes, Nebraska’s Luther counting on a sweeping end run. Rohrig converted. An Indiana drive ended on the Nebraska 10-yard line as the gun sounded the end of the battle. After taking/the kickoff after Nebraska’s counting, the Hoosiers, on three passes, advanced to the game ending position. Chicago Upset By Little Beloit, 6-0 A little teachers’ college in Wisconsin, Beloit by name, pulled the upset of the day by scoring in the third quarter and defeating the 10-1 favorites, Chicago, by the score of 6-0 at Stagg Field. Beloit, used by many big schools as a warm-up team, was more than a warm-up for the Maroons throughout the fracas with a line that harrassed the Chicago backs all afternoon. Wisconsin Downs ' Hilltop Club, 14-13 Marquette’s Hilltoppers came within a well directed toe of defeating Wisconsin’s gridders at Madison yesterday afternoon, as the two teams renewed their long standing football rivalry, the Badgers vrinning the game, 14-13. Marquette had to come from behind in the fourth quarter to score within a point of the Badgers, but with the crowd of Randall Field about to see the Badgers tied in their opening game, Marquette’s kick sailed wide of the uprights, and Wisconsin’s line took care of the remainder of the contest.
MARS THEATRE • NOW ON SALE • SEASON RESERVATIONS FOR 4 BROADWAY STAGE PRODUCTIONS TO BE PRESENTED THIS SEASON —
ORDER NOW TO OBTAIN CHOICE SEATS
EVENING PRICES TAX INCLUDED
Main Floor Box Seats First 18 Rows... Last 10 Rows Balcony Loge Mezzanine First 5 Rows.. Last 4 Rows.... JGpper BalcOT|2|^
Regular Admission Charge for 1 Show
$2.50 2.50 2.00 2.00 1.65 1.10 .83
One Season Reservation for the 4 Shows
$8.00 8.00 6.00 6.00 5.00 3.40 2.52
MATINEE PRICES — TAX INCLUDED
Main Floor Box Seats I First 18 Rows Last 10 Rows Balcony Loge Mezzanine First 5 Rows Last 4 Rows
Regular Admission Ciharge for 1 Show
$2.00 2.00 1.65 1.65
One Season Resetvation for the 4 Shows
$6.00 6.00 5.00 5.00 3.40 2.52 1.80
All requests for season reservations must be accompanied by check or money order payable to the Mars Theatre. lockets for each production will be available at the Mars Theatre box office one week in advcmce of play date. Those making season reservations will be given the sam^seats for all four performances. PURCHASE SEASON RESERVATIONS AND SAVE!- „r J. ^ r- -t "V . <„’4^v, a.^4^ ', ^ fi^
tHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, October 1, 1939
News Of The Week (Continued from pa^e 1) rence of the old Biograph for the unheai'd-of salai-y of 1,000 dollars a week, A Tropical Gale . . . swept along southern California’s coast last Sunday and left a trail of death and destruction. Some 42 persons are dead or missing on 26 coastal craft, mostly small pleasure boats beaiing from two to ten persons. BUSINESS In Spite Of . . . much talked about hard times, Milwaukee reports that they now have more employed men than they had in the boom of 1929. The average w'eekly pay roll in Milwaukee lecently has been about $2,100,000 compared with $1,729,250 in the last of the pre-depiession days. The commissioners’ report for August shows that the average weekly hours of labor this year is 39.2 while in 1929 it was not uncommon to work as much as 50 or 60 hom’s. Steel Companies . . . have been spending large sums of money in the last few months foi the reconditioning of their plants, and at this time orders aie being “rationed” out to buyers in oi der to take care of regular custoineis, the magazine Steel stated yesterday. The trade publication said that it would be almost impossible to leach more than 90 per cent of the theoretical capacity before the be* ginning of the year. Little foreign trade has actually appeared on the books to date. Production capacity for the remainder of the year is rapidly being absorbed by the flood of domestic trade. SPORTS Jack Doyle . . . the guy on Broadway, who has been calling the betting odds on sport events for quite a few semesters, recently placed his odds for the woild series at 3-1 on the Yankees. Doyle states that the long range power of the Yanks will offset the numerous one-base hits of the Reds.
Billy Conn
. . . light heavyweight champion, and the white hope to wrestle the heavyweight crown from the head of one Joseph Louis Borrow, better known as Joe Louis, came within an inch of having his 175-pound toga lifted from himself by Melio Betinna of Beacon, N. Y., last Wednesday night at Pittsburgh. The fight was furious from start to finish, the champion losing the first five rounds before he came back to cop eight of the last ten rounds. Connie Mack . . . visited Shibe Park, Philadelphia, to watch his beloved A’s play, but this week he had to watch them from the stands, because doctors refused to allow the grand old gentleman to sit in his customary dugout seat, fearing Connie would suffer a set-back. However, Connie got so nervous in the stands that it has been decided to allow him a seat in the dugout next season ... a place that fails to cause any flow of emotional secretion for the old gentleman. *
Despite
14-5, but poor base running spelled ruin for the Cards. Derringer was the winning hurler who tossed the critical game. Four Broadway Stage Hits Booked For Mars Theater Bringing Lafayette a taste of the legitimate stage the Mars Theater will offer four of Broadway’s successful productions during the coming season. Through the Legitimate Theater Corpoi-ation of America Hedda Gabler, starring Eva Le Gallienne and Earle Laiimore; What A Life with Jackie Coogan, Mary Brian, Suzanne Caubaye, Josephine Dunn and Frank McGlynn; Golden Boy, featuring Eiic Linden and Bernice Claire, and On Borrowed Time with Taylor Holmes and Tommy Lewis will bo shown from the Mars’ stage this winter. Reservations for a season ticket covering all four productions may be made by mail, or by visiting the mam office of the Fourth Avenue Amusement in the Mars Theater and select seats from a chart. Berry In line-Up For Corn Queen's Crown Selected by Loeb and Hene Company as the Lafayette lepresentative in the annual corn festival at Fowler, Treva Berry, the University’s representative at the New Yoik World’s Fair this summer, will be one of the contestants for the title of corn queen in Fowler tomorrow night. June Travis of filmdom, radio entertainers Eddie and Fannie Cavanaugh, Clarence Shapiro, talent scout for Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer, and Eleanoi Nangle, beauty editor of the Chicago Tribune, are judging the contest. Senior Co-eds Will Plan Identification Tomorrow Suggestions and plans for the identification of senior women will be made by co-eds of the class of '40 at a meeting Tuesday afternoon to be held in the women’s lounge of the Union. Chaiiman of senior women’s activities for the year is Joy Johnson, who has as her committee Louise Daniels, Rufina Sexton, and Ruth Zimmerman. Two years ago yellow corduioy skirts were worn as the insignia of graduating women. Last year jerkins of the same color and material identified senior co-eds, and it is expected that similar jackets will be chosen again this year.
Custodians Turning Out For Course-Bush Special training courses for school custodians, being given by George H. Bush, of the division of education and applied psychology and the department of engineering extension, are meeting with-unusual success, judging by the turnouts that he is getting in almost every city and county where the courses are given, according to Mr. Bush. At the Morocco High school, in Newton county last week. Bush had an average attendance of 33 for each of the five sessions held. Last Saturday, 18 attended the initial meeting in Hamilton county. Monday, at the Rockville High school in Patke county, 22 turned out for the all-day meeting, and on Tuesday, all of the 33 custodians in Marshall county were at the first session held at Plymouth. First Music Room Program To Feature Concert Choir University concert choir under the direction of A1 Stewart, University music director, will be featured on the first Sunday Music Room program of the current season to be given on October 8 in the Union ballroom; the program will start at 4:30 p. m. Second Music Room program, scheduled for October 15, will consist of Edward Foley, pianist, and Arsene Summers, soprano. On October 22, a special piogram will be piesented in music appreciation.
Classified Ads
ROOMS FOR RENT DOUBLE ROOM with single beds; continuous hot water Meals if desired 6 Waldlon Phone 2671.
E. E. SENIOR wants roommate. Vacancy created by senior leaving school. Large room, single bed Across from Union. 405 State. 7233.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—1933 Chevrolet coupe Good condition Ask for Phil Hartman at 318 N Grant
MOTORCYCLES—1930 Harley 74, new paint, good mechanically, $75 Also 1930 45 Terms. Phone 2069
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased. _ rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main Street. LOST AND FOUND LOST—Friday evening, in or near Union Building, plain gold ring bearing initials J E B Phone 2269 Reward
LOST—In Union building Wednesday night, ruby ring Tiffany set in yellow gold. Return to Union desk Reward.
LOST—One set Richter Praecision drawing instruments. Liberal reward Call Toles, 61403.
1 940 RADIOS CROSLEY — ADMIRAL — SENTINEL 5 Tube Superheterodyne with built in aerial $9.95 7 Tube Crosley with automatic tuning $19.95 6 Tube Crosley with automatic tuning $14.95 Combinations all prices Largest stock of radios in Lafayette C. B. KLINKER SALES CO. 827-29 Main St. Phone 7950
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
. . . the fact that Lou Ambers is to wed his childhood sweetheart, Margaret Celio, next month, the New York State Boxing Commission has announced that he must meet Henry Armstrong on November 1, Ambers had requested that the match be postponed until late November, but the state boxing commission seemed to be influenced by promoters, and promoters are hard customers to deal with; so the fight is November 1 as was. After Twenty . . . years of waiting, Cincinnati’s Red Legs gave the town’s whistles a chance to blow their valves out by defeating the Cardinals enough times to wia the National League pennant. The critical game Thursday was won by the Reds, 6-3, after the Cards had outhit the Cincy club
• Florists
• School Supplies
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Dairy Products
• Hardware
M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St Phone 4354
• Dine
FINEST IN TOWN Ed and Dick's
HAMBURGER IN 808 Main Phone 8251
Jordan Leads Discussion At Pharmacists' Convention Dean C. B. Jordan, Professors C. 0. Lee, C. J. Zufall, C. J. Klemme, H. G. DeKay, and H. L. Kendall, all of the Pharmacy school, attended the annual meeting of the American Pharmaceutical Association in Atlanta, Ga., from August 20 to 27. While at the meeting. Dean Jordan organized and conducted a conference of professional pharmacists, where it was decided that professionally minded pharmacists should receive recognition which would differentiate the highly commercial from the more professional type of pharmacist and his prescription shop. Dean Jordan is also member of the House of Delegates of the American Pharmacy Association and the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy. NOTICES
Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, October 1, 7'30 p m in old Agnculturalist office. Bring manuscripts —MUNRO.
Union Sophomores: The* following bum, bowling alley, and game room staff meet in Union office, Monday, October 2, at 4 p. m.: Albertson, Hepburn, Fox, Knight, Merriell, Sauer, Tafel, Diefl, Schurman, Sacksteder, Faulus. —BROOKS & SEIBERT.
Purdue Agriculturist: Special meeting of departmental editor, editorial assistantb, and assistant editors in room. of Union on Monday, October 2, at 4:80 p. m. All members of the editorial staff are urged to attend. —BURBRINK. *
Union Workers: Browsing room staff composed of the following people will please meet in the Union office at 4 p. m. on Monday, October 2: Bain, Farber, Jones, Lake, D. Miller, Schmidt, Van Biema, Marshall, Mary Beard, Mary Fink, Elaine Karras, Jean McClintock, Virginia Reed, and Barbara Stockers. —HAMMAN.
Religious Council: No meeting Monday. —SWOPE. Union Sophomores: Meeting of puttering room Staff Monday, October 2, in the putter* ing room. Imperative that everyone be there at 4 p. m. — —Clarke. Gold Peppers: Call for your hats at Southworth’s. —MITCHEIjL. 'Touchball Officials: All men interested in officiating touchball are to apply at the intramural office as soon as possible. There will be a meeting of all prospective officials in the Intramural office at the Fieldhouse on October 8, at 4 p. m. for the purpose of interpreting the rules. —CLEVETT.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting Tuesday, October 3 at 7:80 in room C of the Union. —CORNELL.
PEW Swimming Classes: There will be a makeup class for all beginning swimmers who missed their first or second lessons, or for those who wish extra practice in this part of the work, Monday, October 2, at 4 p. m. Please be prompt. —cASE. M. E. Students: Pees for memberships in the Purdue student branch of the ASME may be paid in the Mechanical Engineering office on the second floor of the M. E. building. -BRYAN,
Military Students: Second Novice Pistol Group begins firing at 4 p. m. Tuesday, October 3. Students who have signed up for this group will report in rear of Armory at that time. Students desiring to sign up for Third Novice Pistol Group may do so after Corps Day, Tuesday, October 3, in the supply room. —^HOLMES.
Exponent Workers: Monday’s staff is as follows: Heiple, night editor; McKee, stooge; Kennedy, issue; Jenkins, Etter, proof; Skallerup, Heaton, Weiss, Lynn, workers. —^PRED
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Tuesday, October 3, at 7:30 p. m. in room P of the Union. Vice-president will be elected, convention report made, and dance plans discussed. —TBRRIO.
Freshmen and Sophomore Women: Freshmen and sophomore women interested in working in WSGA office report to room A in the Union at 4 p. m Monday, October 2. —GAMBLE
Bowling: All men interested in forming a bowling league meet in room C of the Union building Tuesday, October 3, at 4 p. m. Election of officers and formation of teams will take place. —STUCKEY.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting Tuesday, October 8, in room C of Union at 7 :30 p. m. —FRAUPZREB.
Union Sophomores: Will my staff please meet in the Union office Monday, October 2, at 4 p. m —WOODS
Sophomore Union Workers: Important ineeting of the teas and receptions staffs in the Student Union office Monday, October 2, at 4 p. m. All attend. —HULS.
Purdue Outing Club: Open meeting Monday, October 2, at 5:30 p. m. in front of Memorial Gym. There will be a small charge for the supper which will be held at WAA cabin. Those wishing to go call Marjorie Ward, 41111 or George Shawkins, 66714 before Saturday evening. All interested in hiking are invited to attend. —WARD.
POMM: Meeting Tuesday, October 3, in room 103 of Armory. —^HOTLER.
Scabbard and Blade: Pledging and entertainment committee meeting will be Tuesday, October 3, at 4 p m. —EILTRING.
Ceres: Meeting Tuesday, October 3, at 7:30 m the Agriculturist office of the Union. —NICKEY.
Bowling: All men interested in forming a bowling league meet in room C of the Union Tuesday, October 3, at 4 p. m. Election of officers and formation of teams will take place. —STUCKEY.
Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday, October 3, at 7:30 p m There wiil be a chance to pass off membership requirements. —SPEARS
WAA Archery: Practices will be held on Monday and Thursday, October 2 and 6, evenings at 4 o’clock for all girls interested. —MOREHOUSE.
Reamer Club: Smoker for prospective pledges will be held Monday. October 2, at 7 :30 p. m. in Reception room of the Union. It IS very important that every member be there. —REILEY.
Exponent Workers: The following sophomores are to work as hereby assigrned: Lynn, Monday; Pickett, 'Tuesday: Lannon and Novey, Wednesday: Mezger, ’Thursday; Carpenter and Bollwinkel, Friday; and Purc^ Saturday. —FRED
Eta Kappa Nn: Important meeting Wednesday, October 4, 7 p. m. in room 134, E.E. building. —KEEN.
Sophomore Union Workers: Important meeting of my committee in Union offices Monday, October 2, at 4 p. m. —CROW.
JVew Type Cleaning Fluid enables us to do the finest cleaning that money will buy. You’ll he delighted. Phone us NOW for Pick-Up.
3085 American Laundry
132 Vine St.
OPEN LETTER
to
FRESHMAN MEN
BUSI^^ESS EXPERIENCE IS INVALUABLE
.... therefore, what could be more fitting than combining this asset with your college training! While handling the advertising campaigns for Lafayette and West Lafayette merchants, you’ll be learning much about business organization and management of these concerns and many others. To top all this off, you will gain in the estimation of your friends, you’re "in the know” when it comes to campus activities, you’ll make scores of new friends, and finally there's that alluring goal of a senior position. In short, you get the advantages of a top-notch activity combined with valuable experience in salesmanship and advertising, plus many contacts useful after graduation. So 'nuf sed . . . come on around to 312 North Fifth, you frosh, and we’ll tell you the rest in person.
the Purdue Exponent 312 North Fifth Street