o the Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY March 13, 1938 Laioyette. Indiana VOL. 49 No. 134
Foreign European war was averted by 10 hours early yesterday morning •when tiny Lithuania agreed to renew diplomatic relations with Poland. Thursday, the Poles gave Lithuania until 2 p. m. (CST) Saturday to exchange ministers and to remove any claim to her historic capital, Vilno, which Poland seized in 1920. Meanwhile, fearing Austria’s fate, Czechoslovakia granted political cepted Poland's proposal rather than disturb the present European crisis. Fifty thousand Polish troops were massed on the Lithuania border when the acceptance came. Meanwhile, fearing Austria’s fate, Czechoslovakia granted political freedom to its three million Germans. Hereafter, the German minority in Czechoslovakia ■will be entitled to 22 per cent of the posts in the national government since they represent that proportion of the total Czech population. Mexico yesterday assumed ownership of American and British oil fields valued at $400,000,000 in an effort to end the struggle between labor and foreign capital. Coincidentaly the Bank of Mexico suspended all gold transaction on the foreign exchange as the Mexican peso took a nose dive. President Lazaro Cardenas said the companies would receive compensation for their investments in 10-year payments.
War
Terrorized Barcelona citizens fled from insurgent air raids all this week. Unofficial figures placed the death toll at 1,000 to 1,200. Since 10 p. m. Wednesday, insurgent bombers have visited the city 20 tin^s. Seven raids occurred Friday. Bomb sizes range up to 1,100 pounds. The loyalists anti-aircraft service reported their gunners had been able to do'wn but one of the bombers. Defense ministry officials announced the raids were carried on by Italian Savoia-March-etti and German Junkers planes. In other parts of Spain, insurgent troops were hammering their wedges deeper into loyalist-held territory in their drive to the Mediterranean seaboard. Alcaniz, 50 miles from the coast, fell to insurgent troops Monday. (Continued on page 4)
Cherry Pie , . . . . . Baking Champion Mary Wien leceived recognition in today’s Collegiate Digest. A large photo of her is shown surrounded by tempting circles of fruit and crust. Lds will be pleased to note that the squib below her picture refers to them as “engineers and he-
men.”
Phi Delta Theta . . . . . . initiated the following men at the chapter house yesterday: P. V. Allemang, South Bend; H. M. Bramberry, Newcastle; R. S. Colquhoun. Shaker Heights, O.; L. H. Gray, Chicago, 111.; C. W. Hosier, Dayton, O.; D.H, Jackson, Mt. Ver non, O.; J. L. Kirsch, Oak Park, 111.; R. B. Meihaus, Indianapolis; C. L. Van Zant, Newcastle; and R. F. Von Beulow, Chicago, 111.
Four Prep Teams Enter Final Tourney
High Schcml Sub-State Final Hesyfts (Courtesy of Western Union) At Lafayette ... Frankfort, 27; Delphi, 14. Hammond, 23; Rochester, 19. HAMMOND, 33; Frankfort, 17. At Indianapolis . . . Greencastle, 31; Rushville, 19. Columbus, 38; Anderson, 36. COLUMBUS, 45; Greencii«tle, 37. At Munde ... Muncie, 49; KendalMlle, 33. Fort Wayne, 39; Sheridan, 13. FORT WAYNE, 37; Munde, 33. At Vincefutes ... Martins'ville, 31; Plainville, 28. Bedford, 31; Evansville, 20. BEDFORD* 21; Martinsville, 20. (Dor^ble Overtime)
Hammond Wildcats Beat Hot Dogs, 33-17 A flawless working offensive and defensive quintet, Hammond, defeated Frankfort last night in the Jefferson high school gym 3217, to enable the lads from Lake County to continue their march to the Butler Fieldhouse for the finals in the Indiana high school basketball championship for 193738. In the afternoon frays, Frankfort outpointed Delphi 27-14, and Hammond managed to down a hard fighting Rochester five 23-19. Led by the remarkable passing and floor work of Mygrants, the Wildcats of Hammond swept to a 15 to 8 lead at the close of the first half.
Arts, Religion' Convo Topic
Iturbi Here Tuesday
Debris Sales Will Close Thursday A last minute rush characterized Debris sales yesterday afternoon. Many procrastinating eds and co-eds hurried into the Debris office in the Union Building in order to beat the deadline of 6 p. m., Thursday, March 24. Said Junior Business Manager Edwards, “The book is practically ready to go to press, except for the snapshots. We’re really getting a fine selection out of the submitted shots. We had a whole pile of them on the desk, saving them until the last minute in order to get the latest shots.”
Music Hoorn iullefin Artists: Madrigal Chorus of Lafayette. Time: 4 p. m. today. Place: Union Building.
Spanish Pianist Will Play For Convocation Jose Iturbi, Spanish pianist who has been engaged to play in the Memorial Gymnasium Tuesday at 8 p. m. for one of the regular convocations, has given numerous recitals in the United States, South America, Mexico, and Cuba. Iturbi turned to conducting in Mexico City, Mexico, in 1933 and since then has divided his time between concerts and conducting. Hours of practice, made necessary by many seasonal appearances, have given his fingers extraordinary flexibility. “I give over 100 concerts a year,” says Iturbi. “I assure you it is physical labor.” Conducted Orchestra Last year he co-conducted Philadelphia Orchestra in 25 concerts on its second transcontinental tour. Iturbi was also conductor of the Rochester Philharmonic; a guest conductor of London’s B .B. C. and (Continued on page 2)
Father 6[llis To Speak At 10:30 a. m. Today Father James Martin Gillis, one of the few speakers to appear three times on Religious Convocation programs will speak this morning at 10:30 in the Eliza Fowler Hall on the subject, “The Arts and Religion: Twin Ways to God.” Dr. Gillis received his early education in Boston graduating from the Boston Latin School. He also graduated from St. Charles College, Boston, and Catholic University in Washington, D. C. Father Gillis has been editor of the Catholic World Magazine since 1922. He has written many books including “The Ten Commandments and the Home,” “Gallery of Living Catholic Authors,” and “False Prophets.” The University choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will sing a pi-ocessional hymn entitled “Holy God, We Praise Thy Name.” The choir -will sing two anthems “Ave Maria” with Mrs. A. P. Stewart, soprano soloist, accompanied by Virginia Reed, playing the violin; and “Old Latin Hymn” (Kyrie Eleison.)
Canvassers Visit 100 Houses
Syphilis Film Coming
Mortar Board Will Entertain Co-eds Three women’s campus organizations, WSGA, WAA and YWCA, will sponsor a joint mass meeting in the women’s lounge of the Union Building tomorrow afternoon at 4 p. m. Immediately following the meeting at 4:30, will be a reception for co-eds in the faculty lounge, given by Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary. At this time, women students may become acquainted with candidates for WSGA, WAA, and YWCA positions. Refreshments "will be served.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Mostly cloudy Sunday. Probable showers in the south and east. Monday, fair and continued mild. Local Temperaturee: Low 48, high 62, mean 55.
Stax*ting at 4 o’clock Tuesday afternoon, 10 showings of motion pictures on venereal diseases will be presented for University students and faculty members next week. Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service, announced last night. Three reels on syphilis will be shown for men only—students and faculty members—at 4 p. m. on Tuesday, while at 6:30 that evening three more reels on gonorrhea -will be run off for the men. The same two pictures ■will also be presented at 1 and 4 p. m., respectively, Wednesday, again to the men. Special Film Thursday the men will have an opportunity to see a special sixreel film on ssrphilis—^formerly sho^wn only to members of the medical profession—at either 1, 4, or 7 p. m. This picture offers an unusual opportunity for studying that disease. Dr. Miller said. (Continued on page 2)
More than 100 student rooming houses weife visited and complete information on about 50 of them was obtained yesterday afternoon as Alpha Phi Omega, Boy Scout service honorary, took over the job of carrying out a survey on living conditions of students in West Lafayette. Yesterday’s canvassers consisted mainly of Alpha Phi Omega pledges, who spent the afternoon in questioning students and landladies on University, Waldron, and Russell streets west of the campus and on Grant, Andrew Place, Littleton, and Lutz streets on the east side of the campus. Twenty-five men spent one to four hours in filling out questionnaires on student rooming places. Conditions “Pretty Good” Canvassers reported that their visits were received courteously by both students and landladies, but that they experienced difficulty in finding anyone at home in a number of cases. Housing conditions they said, were “pretty good” in the areas surveyed. In the absence of President Eric Wadleigh, the scouts worked under the supervision of Robert Buckles and R. P. Manion, aiqiporters of the survey.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
College Graduates Dr, f. c. Giifflian Will Donaldson To Talk Can't Spell-'Bray On Oriental War
Sunday. March 13. 1938
“College graduates of today can’t spell and can’t express themselves,” reported Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the chemical engineering school. Professor Bi*ay based his statement on the opinions of executives of 60 chemical and chemical engineering firms whom he visited during his recent three week trip through the East. “Every one of the executives pointed out a number of good reasons why today’s gi’aduates are less able to write clear, concise reports,” said Bray. They all pointed out that some sort of steps should be taken by universities to remedy this situation. Compulslory Meeting As a result of his findings, Bray is calling a compulsory meeting of all sophomores and juniors in the chemical engineering school to discuss the reactions of employers to today’s college graduates. The meeting will be held Wednesday at 4 p. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Specialization, graduate study, importance of cultural subjects, ecnomics, and accounting will also be discussed during the meeting. Employer’s reactions will be the chief subject, however, with English deficiency receiving special attention. Stripes . . . . . . were back in style yesterday afternoon when Sigma Nu and the Theta Xi pledges lined up on the river road for the annual pajama race between the two houses. Set off by the boom of a shotgun, the I'hinies flashed down the road, up the Theta hill, once around the house while co-eds giggled and drenched them with water, then down Littleton street to the finish line. Sigma Nu retained the trophy through the efforts of R. 0. Potter and H. T. Clark who placed first and second respectively.
“Today’s Inventions and Tomorrow’s Civilization” will be the subject of a talk by Dr. F. C. Gilfillan to be delivered ht the Tau Beta Pi banquet, Wednesday, at 6:30, instead of the formerly planned time of 7:30. The banquet will be held in the reception room of the
Union,
In his address. Dr. Gilfillan will dicuss the futures of many recent inventions, including television, steep-flight aircraft, facsimile telegraphy, and other inventions from the viewpoint of their possible social effects. Dr. Gilfillan came to the University from his position as curator of transportation, communication, and social sciences at the Museum of Science and Industry of Chicago, 111. Horror .. . . . . will be the theme of the evening Friday, March 25, when Terry House commemorates a thir-teen-year-old murder with an informal dance at the house, 608 Waldron. Charley Cartwright’s band from Peoria, 111., will furnish the tunes for the spook fest while “Mr. Ghost Goes to Town.” Theta Tau . . . . . . professional engineering fraternity, announces the election of the following officers to serve for one year: regent, N. B. Barsha; vice-regent, S. M. Matthew; scribe, C. E. Kramer; treasurer, W. R. Ott; and house manager, H. L.
Larison.
“The Sino-Japanese Military Struggle and Its Background” will be the subject of a speech to be g-iven by Capt. Fred Donaldson, aide to Major-General Tyndall, commander of the 38th National Guard Division. Captain Donaldson will talk before a Scabbard and Blade group in the Union ballroom, next Thursday night at 7:30. The military honorary society will sponsor this meeting for all students enrolled in advanced military training. Don Baals, captain of the local Scabbard and Blade company, urges all advanced military training students to attend this meeting. 'Of Thee I Sing' Closes Successfil Engagement . . . campus musical production, was brought to a close last night in Eliza Fowler Hall as play-goers filled the house in a last minute lush. Many persons purchased general admission tickets to swell the play’s receipts. The tempo of the play was stepped up to a much faster pace than exhibited during the first few nights, and actors ad-libbed with phrase and gesture to receive laughs from an appreciative audience. Consensus of opinion among last nighters was that the play was, in general, one of the best campus productions.
"Little CaesarY Gangin’ \Jp On Society Top kac, white tic and tommygun! . . . He’s dressed to kill! Edward G.
TODAY & MONDAY Bing Crosby Bob Burns Martha Raye
U6HTCASE UIW
Extra—Popeye Cartoon LUMA
Philharmonic Orchestras, and of the Chicago, Detroit, and Minne-" apolis Symphony Orchestras; and conductor of eight broadcasts of the Ford Sunday Evening Hour. In the near future Iturbi expects to leave for South America where he will take his first plunge into opera. He has his repertoire already planned; it ranges from the “Barber of Seville” to “Parisfal.”
Iturbi Here--(Continued from page 1)
Syphilis Film--
(Continued from page 1)
On Friday University co-eds and women members of the teaching staff may see venereal disease films. Three showings of pictures are scheduled for that day—1, 4, and 7 p. m. Dr. Miller has declared next week “Social Hygiene Week” in the University campus.
All In Multiplane
TECHNICOIOR
DlairlbuMby AKO-Radio Ploturet,lino.
rf/o Piaiurmm fn/» jV
2nd BIG WEEK
“f/ie OMB * ONLY '
NB AND .
^MMTHA RAYI (Ah I She’s just one vast vocal chartW k DOROTHY immu (How this comely lass palpitales my hoarll) ;^SHmiEY ROSS ^BENBIOI » BOB NOPE #IYNNE OVERMAN RUFE OAVIS #IEIF ERIKSON CRACE BKADIEY i^TITO CUIZAR And in addition to all this stopendoosity, my fine friends, two supreme specialties byKWSTEN FIAGSTAD (opero star) and SHEP FIELDS and h» Rippling Rhythm Orchestro Six »eiisa*lono| tong hits I Ah, it $ the exlravagonzo of exlrovoganzas
^'fKLBWAYRBS —Added— Pete Smith’s “NEW AUDIOSCOPIKS” Ask for the Special Glasses
HAB?!
STARTS TODAYSunday, March 13, 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Students, Staff Members Hear Lecture On Flying Several students and University staff members, headed by Prof. K. D. Wood, head of the aeronautical department, and University Airport Operations Manager Captain Aretz, recently attended a lecture on blind flying, in Indianapolis. Lieut. Benjamin P. Kelsey of Wright Field, Dayton, O,, discussed the latest developments in the field of blind flying made by U. S. army engineers and research staff. The meeting was sponsored by the Indiana section of SAE, and was held at the Antlers Hotel,
Ex^EdUor •,, ... of the Exponent, Henry Heuser ME '36, was visiting Lafayette yesterday and today as representative of the Henry Vogt Machine Company for which he is working. IJe is surveying Monon Shops in reference to new power equipment they may install. Theta Chi... . . . announces the initiation of the following men: J. M. Burdge, Tipton; H. E. Butcher, Evanston, 111.; H. M. Del Valle, New Rochelle, N. Y.; R. L. Keck, Plandreau, S. D.; E. Stoner, Tipton; and J. W. Whitson, Knox.
Otto E. May Candidate for County Auditor Republican Ticket Primary May 3
Purdue Exponent
Competition For Fencing Numerals Starts Tomorrow Fifty-five freshman fencing aspirants will vie for numerals in a set of round robin tournaments beginning tomorrow afternoon at 4 o'clock. Eleven of these tournaments will be run off during the week, with the remainder after spring vacation; Two fencers will be chosen from each of the 11 tournaments, then will meet in five more round robin meets some time following their return to school after the holidays. Out of this group of 22 contestants, 12 will be awarded freshman numerals. Varsity Fencers Will Judge Members of the varsity fencing team will judge the bouts, which are to be held in the fencing room in the Fieldhouse. Visitors are welcome, according to Bob Meier, varsity fencer. “A number of very promising freshmen have turned out this year some of which are likely candidates for next season’s varsity,” Meier stated yesterday. Varsity members who will be lost by graduation are James Seaboi’g, Scott McWilliams, Howie Reynolds, and Bob Matthews.
Badminton Squad Drops Close Meet To'Cats, 5-4 Northwestern’s badminton team defeated the Gold and Black squad 6-4, at Evanston, Friday. Illinois was entered in the meet but failed to arrive in time to compete. After winning only two of the six singles matches, the Northwestern squad swept the doubles matches to win the meet by one point. Billings defeated Milne, in the first match to put the Boilermakers ahead. Goldstein, Mann, and Douglas increased the Boilermaker total with triumphs over Wells, Nathan, and Buxton, respectively. NU Gets Started The rest of the meet was all Northwestern. Johnson and Rose, of Purdue, lost to Burkhardt and and Hart of Northwestern respectively in the singles. Billings and Douglas dropped the first doubles match to Milne and Wells. Goldstein and Mann lost to Hart and Burkhardt, 1^2 while in the other doubles match Johnson and Rose were downed by^Nathan and Buxton.
BASKETBALL —TomorrowCourt 1—Aronson 7:00—A-1 vs. C-1 or D-4. 7:15—B-3 vs. H-2 or A-4. Court 2 —Mann 7:00—Ward 10-X vs. Ward 14. Court 3—Igney 7:00—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Pi Kappa Alpha.
Tippecanoe Rifle Club Beats Purdue , 1974-1942 In the first shoulder-to-shoulder match since the opening of the rifle range in the Purdue Fieldhouse, the Tippecanoe Rifle and Pistol Club defeated the University rifle class Thursday by a margin of 32 points out of 2,000. The match was fired with .22 rifles, iron sights, 20 shots prone at 50 feet. The 10 high scores of both teams counted in the final result. The Tippecanoe Rifle Club has occupied the range jointly with the student group since the beginning of the winter, when they moved from their old quarters on North Fifth Street. This is the first year that the University has offered facilities for shooting, and approximately 150 have thus far made use of the range. John F. Holmes, outstanding local shooter and Director of the National Rifle Association, has been coaching the student marksmen. The scores were as follows: Tippecanoe Rifle Clulr—J. F. Holmes, 200; J. H. Reynolds, 200; C. B. Gildersleeve, 199; J. J. Duncan, 198; F. M. Sense, 198; Ed. Graham, 197; H. Shoemaker, 197; Glen Miller, 195; C. S. Sprague, 194; W. F. Matthews, 194. Total, 1974. Purdue—Fansler, 199; Smith, 197; Amt, 196; Elton, 195; Crump, 195; Schneblin, 195; Knapp, 193; Lauletta, 192; Powell, 192; DeBell,THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Sunday. March 13. 1938
f
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS —Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
HELP WANTED—College men spend this summer in South America. Salaried positions. No special experience necessary. Send a dime (handling charge) today for astonishing information. South j American Association, 827 St. Charles Ave., New Orleans, Louisi-
PIA Advanced Dance Class: Will be held Monday. March 21, at 7 p. m., in Fowler Hall; rise north door. —CLYMER.
Chemical En^rineeringr Juniors: Inspection trip assessments are payable on or before Tuesday, March 22, at 6 p. m. The amounts are posted in Heavilon Hall. (3-23) —LOVELL.
Chemical Engineering Sophomores: All those expecting to make the optional inspection trip to Chicago during Spring vacation remain for meeting in EE lecture room Wednesday, March 22 at 4:20 p. m. (3-28) —LOVELL.
Engineering Freshmen: Any freshman engineer interested in taking optional inspection trip for chemical engineers during spring vacation see Professor Lovell in room 107, Heavilon Hall. (8-23) —LOVELL.
The Week’s NEWS
(Continued from page 1) Motorized columns were reported approaching Maella, Masen Raimundo, and Gandesal, all junctions of roads leading to the coast. Meanwhile, Loyalist officials denied they had thoughts of surrendering, but several times during the week they appealed to France for aid.
Forestry Club: All committee chairmen and ticket salesmen for the Forestry Club Banquet meet in Hort Building on Monday afternoon, March 21, at 4. —WALTERS.
Green Potters: Publicity committee meeting in room C of the Union, Monday, March 21, at 4 p m. —PATTERSON. Tarkiii§t@n Script Goes On Sale Friday Author Booth Tarkington’s original manuscript on the play “Bimbo, The Pirate” will be placed up for auction sale next Friday morning at the Barbizon-Plaza Hotel in New York City, according to information received here this week by Robert Buckles, member of the Purdue Student Alliance. Sale of the Tarkington item— along with manuscripts by Prof. Albert Einstein, Edna St. Vincent Millay, Erskine Caldwell, Paul de Kruif, Upton Sinclair, and others is being sponsored by the League of American Writers for the benefit of the medical bureau of the North American Committee to Aid Spanish Democracy. Since this is the first manuscript by Tarkington, a former Purdue student, ever placed on sale, and manuscripts of his are rare, some effort is being made by students and campus organizations to raise money enough for submitting a bid on the article. Campus groups interested in subscribing for a certain amount of money toward purchai^ing the manuscript are asked te rtotify Buckles immediately at the Alpha Chi Rho fraternity.
The United States marines’ hands-off attitude prevented an armed invasion of the international settlement by Japanese troops Wednesday. Fearing Japan plans to take over the foreign areas, caused commanders of foreign guards to order settlement defenses manned. The next day Japan eased the tension with one of her customary denials. Canton’s airport was the object of Nipponese bomber’s attention Tuesday. Flying so high they were nearly invisible, the flyers bombed the field while freight trains were unloading supplies from Hong Kong. National Flood warnings spread through Indiana and the Ohio Valley early this week as sti'eams and rivers fed by copious week-end rains swelled over their banks. Wednesday’s heavy rainfall aided by forecasts of coming storms cast shadows of imminent, wet disaster approaching in a manner similar to 1937’s “great flood.” Rivers continued to rise Thursday, hung poised at flood stages Friday.
Mowing paths through eight states Tuesday, cyclonic twisters wrecked a million dollars worth of property, killed 18, and splintered a thousand homes.
Life ended at 80 last Sunday for Clarence Darrow—^famed Chicago criminal attorney . . , self-styled champion of the under-dog ... defending lawyer in Tennessee’s “monkey trial” . . . agnostic, believing in freedom of press, speech and education . . . cheater of the hangman for every murder suspect he defended. Death came easily as a result of old age and a weakened heart; funeral and cremation followed Tuesday.
For the kidnaping of Chicago Valentine-maker Charles S. Ross, death sentence was pronounced yesterday against John Henry Seadlund, 27-year-old Minnesota mechanic. Pleading guilty Seadlund had nothing to say in his defense. Federal judge John P. Barnes passed sentence, setting the electrocution for April 19. Business War between the states—a liquor war this time—^has reached
an end. Friday the Michigan State Liquor Control Commission approved a year’s moratorium on recently banned Indiana beer. Under the truce Indiana will charge no fees except an excise tax of $1.03 a barrel.
Thirty years iii’ prison. This gloomy future may face Richard Whitney, one-time president of the New York Stock Exchange after his plea of guilty to grand larceny on Monday. Branding himself as a thief and felon, Whitney not only pleaded guilty to the charge brought against him, but also confessed taking the property of three other estates not mentioned in the indictment.
American Railroad officials and employees appear to be set for a long wage battle. Rail executives say their present financial troubles are the most serious in history and are therefore proposing a wage cut. Labor officials on the other hand have described the proposed wage cut as propaganda on the part of the rail officials. President Roosevelt called in experts on railway problems Tuesday to talk over a definite program for the industry, also the immediate steps necessary to prevent wage cuts. Washington Like many of his countrymen, President Roosevelt waited until the eleventh hour to fill out his income tax blank, due Tuesday at midnight. Monday the President devoted the entire evening to figuring out how much he owes Uncle Sam on his $75,000 salary and whatever other income he may have.
Outcome of the feud now raging among Tennessee Valley Authority directors rests upon TVA Chairman Arthur E. Morgan’s answer to President Roosevelt. Morgan has until 12:30 tomorrow to say “yes” or “no” to the President’s request for complete presentation of the case at the White House. “Yes” means that the President will proceed with his inquiry on charges of dishonesty, malfeasance in office, and bad faith. If Chairman Morgan answers negatively Mr. Roosevelt may take the word of other directors that the chairman has “obstructed and sabotaged the work of TVA.”
Next week will find a divided Senate fighting to enact President Roosevelt’s many-isded government reorganization bill. Already Administration Ifeaders are exerting pressure to bring opponents into line.
Major Administration economy objective—cancellation of 200 million dollars in Federal highway aid for the 1939 fiscal year—^has virtually been abandoned. According to Secretary of Agriculture Wallace’s report Friday, state governors have been given the “go ahead” signal for road-building projects. The Federal Government will match state funds dollar for dollar.
Our forest budget needs balancing,” said President Roosevelt in his special message to Congress Monday. “We are still liquidating our forest capital .. . still cutting our accessible forests faster than they are being replaced,” he warned. He proposes that a joint committee to study forest land problems be appointed with a view to taking “definite action” next session.
Rapidly winning approval in the House is President Roosevelt’s bil-
lion dollar naval program. The bill authorizes construction of 46 new fighting ships, 22 auxiliaries, and 950 more airplanes. Trick Film Opens At Mars Theater Today Pete Smith’s “New Audioscopiks” dealing with optical illusion and trick photography will open at the Mars theater starting today and running through Wednesday. The audience will appear to dodge knives, Indian clubs, fire hoses.
The terms: "In the Chestnut Room,” and "In my Solitude” * are synonymous.
You are sure to enjoy THE CHESTNUT ROOM because it is so different - The place on the campus where you can eat in comfortable and refined roundingsVisit the CHESTNUT ROOM now located on the second floor
JhL fijUAdsJUL WmufdjoL lAnwfL
Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Campm Activitiese the Purdue Exponent
The Week’s NEWS
National Hope for freedom again petetrated the cell of Tom Mooney, life-sentenced to San Quentin Penitentiary 20 years ago for the 1916 bombing which killed 10 and injured 40 during San Francisco, California’s, Preparednesss day parade. One-vote majority in the California state legislature’s lower house set a measure for legislative pardon to the upper house yesterday. Last year this upper chamber turned thumbs down on a similar proposal. Bitter debate raged in legislature halls for three days this week. Tom Mooney, himself, Thursday pleaded his case before the assembly.
At a banquet Friday night in the Hollywood Biltmore Bowl, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced its tenth annual awards for best actors, scriptwriters, and directors. Spencer Tracy’s performance in “Captains Courageous” and Luise Rainer’s characterization of a Chinese peasant wife in “The Good Earth” won for them the Academy golden doll best actor awards.
Paralysis victim Sylvia Eugenia Davis gambled normal life against threatened death Tuesday when she underwent a rare and hazardous spinal operation designed to give her partial use of arms and legs blighted by accident since birth. Given less than a 50-50 chance to live, this 20-year-old Kansas City, Mo., girl is now on the road to recovery under care of the operating surgeon, who demands for himself only anonymity.
Sailing for England on the steamship Bremen, Col. and Mrs. Charles A. Lindbergh slipped out of their native United States early yesterday morning . . . they left as secretly as they arrived three months ago. War Generalissimo Francisco Franco’s troops continued their march to Spain’s eastern seaboard all this week. Friday they captured Belchite, strategic government-held city 125 miles from the coast. A number of Americans, members of the Abraham Lincoln Brigade, were among pi’isoners taken by insurgents in the fight. This action, according to neutral observes, marks the forerunner of Fran(Continued on page 4)
Dodds Will Address Departing Seniors Dr. Harold Willis Dodds, president of Princeton University, will deliver the baccalaureate sermon here Sunday afternoon. May 1, as the closing feature of the annual Gala Weqk activities at the University, President E. C. Elliott announced yesterday. President Since 1933 President Dodds joined the Princeton faculty in 1927 as a professor of politics and has -been president of that institution since 1933. He is also the author of “Procedure in State Legislature,” a text book, and of numerous articles in the field of politics. An instructor in economics here from 1914to 1916, President Dodds graduated from Grove City, Pa., University in 1909 and from Princeton in 1914. He also spent several years in Central America as advisor to the Nicaraguan government, during which time he served as editor of the National Municipal Reviev^. Dr. Straus To Talk At Marital Lecture “Marriage from the Viewpoint of a Woman Physician,” will be the subject of the fourth marital lecture, to be delivered by Dr. Elizabeth Straus, of Chicago, 111., in the lecture room of the Education Building at 4 o’clock Tuesday afternoon. Tuesday’s lecture will be for men only, and will present a woman’s ideas on marriage, in contrast with the talk given by Dr. Rice, of the Indiana school of medicine, on a man’s viewpoint of marriage at a recent marital lecture. C, Bell Presents Recital Today Catherine Bell, young Indianapolis pianist, will present a recital this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the music room of the Union as a feature of this week’s Sunday afternoon music room program. A faculty member of the Bomar Cramer Studios in Indianapolis, Miss Bell has worked under Dr. Cramer for eight years. She recently made her professional debut in the Indiana World War Memorial Hall, Indianapolis, and was well received by music critics.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Partly cloudy today. Colder in extreme north portion. Rain south and central portions. Rain or snow in extreme north portions. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 60; low, 40; mean, 50.
Junior Prom Permit Distribution Readies 980 “Some limit will have to be placed on the number of tickets sold for the Junior Prom,” said Chairman Bob Sasser last night. “Those who pay for their ticket first will be given the first chance to obtain tickets.” At the end of Prom permit distribution yesterday afternoon, over 980 permits had been issued. Prom Committee Member Bob Ruth announced yesterday that he will continue to issue permits to-^ morrow from 12 noon to 1 and from 4 to 5 p. m. in room D of the Union Building. Student passports are needed to obtain a permit, he added. Must Pay Before March 23 The $4 for Prom tickets may be paid any time before March 23 to Cashier Hollensbe at his office in the Executive Building. Sully Mason, decorations chairman, announced yesterday that decorative schemes, along with a cost estimate which must not exceed $200, and detailed construction plans, must be turned in to him before next Wednesday. A complimentary ticket will be awarded to the winner. Sigma Delta Chi Gives Initiation, Banquet For Seven Pledges Toiight Members of Sigma Delta Chi, journalistic honorary, will conduct an informal initiation for seven pledges this evening at 5:45 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. After the initiation rites, a banquet will be held at 6:30, and Prof. C. B. Murphy, of the history, economics and government departmen, will give a short talk on his own newspaper experiences. Those who will be initiated include: C. D. Ehinger, D. R. Vance, L. S. Hardin, D. D. Baals, C. D. Schroeder, D. A. Bailey, and H. I. Stanback. Sigma Pi Sigma... . . . physics honorary, will hear Prof. A. L. Hughes, of Washington University, St. Louis, Mo., discuss some of the problems connected with X-ray work at a meeting in the lecture room of the Physics Building, next Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. Professor Hughes is head of the physics department at Washington University. Two Names . . . . were omitted from the list of Skull and Crescent pledges which appeared in yesterday’s Exponent. Michael Cash and W. S. Rehm were also pledged by the organization. The name of K. R. Michel was included by mistake.
SUNDAY March 13. 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 134
Capacity Audience Roars At Political Sallies, Satire In 'Of Thee I Sing'
By Dorothea Justin
Comedy, satire, gaiety were continuous high spots of last night’s performance of “Of Thee I Sing,” all campus musicale, before a capacity crowd in Eliza Fowler Hall. When the
audience wasn’t roaring at
High School Regional Final Results At Anderson . . . Anderson, 23; Foi’twell, 18. Shortridge, 46; Brownsburg, 33. ANDERSON, 25; Shortridge, 17. At Clinton ... Grawfordsville, 44; Clinton, 28. Greencastle, 26; Williamsport, 22. GREENCASTLE, 32; Crawfordsville, 31. At Evansville ... Owensville, 31; Dale, 19. Central, 39; Tell City, 20. CENTRAL, 29; Owensville, 15. At Fort Wayne . . . Ridgeville, 33; Bluffton, 32. South Side, 38; Huntington, 19. SOUTH SIDE, 54; Ridgeville, 25. At Greensburg . . . Franklin, 28; Madison, 21. Columbus, 34; Greensburg, 22. COLUMBUS, 24; Franklin, 21. At Lafayette .. . Lafayette, 36; Lebanon, 25. Frankfort, 55; Oxford, .27. FRANKFORT, 30; Lafayette, 26. At Logansport.. . Royal Center, 23; Monticello, 20. Delphi, 33; Peru, 24. DELPHI, 24; Royal Center, 15. At Marion ... Sheridan, 31; Kokomo, 28. Marion, 31; Wabash, 19. SHERIDAN, 25; Marion, 24. At Martinsville . .. Martinsville, 46; Spencer, 25. Wiley, 34; Bloomfield, 24. MARTINSVILLE, 39; Wiley, 20. At Michigan City Emerson, 25; Rensselaer, 23. Hammond, 33; LaPorte, 23. HAMMOND, 29; Emerson, 17. At Muncie . . . Richmond, 38; Middleton, 28. Muncie, 36; Parker, 8. MUNCIE, 39; Richmond, 26. At New Albany . . . New Albany, 36; Paoli, 19. Bedford, 24; Seymour, 21. BEDFORD, 34; New Albany, 27. At Rochesier . . . Wash. S. B., 28; Elkhart, 25. Rochester, 28; Culver, 26. ROCHESTER, 33; Wash. S. B., 26. At Rushville ,. . Liberty, 40; Lawrenceburg, 35. Rushville, 37; Sunman, 16. RUSHVILLE, 25; Liberty, 22. At Warsaw . . . Kendallville, 36; Garrett, 29. Warsaw, 26; Columbia City, 23. KEND’VILLE, 27; Warsaw, 26. At Washington ... Plainville, 34; Jasper, 25. Vincennes, 25; Dugger, 23. PLAINVILLE, 43; Vincennes, 37.
roaring
Fred Ahrens’ characterization of the unimportance in politics of a vice president, it was chuckling over neat sallies at Congress or the Supreme Court. Political Satire Political conditions and peculiarities in the United States, of elections, administration, and personnel were taken for a merry ride by Sal Palma as President John Wintergreen, Dave Thompson as the chief stringpuller of the party machine, and Bei’nard Everett as the good front Secretary of State. Gershwin Music Humor, from innuendo to slapstick, came in the catchy lyrics to the Gershwin tunes that the audience hummed with the cast and Jim Huffman’s cheerful portrayal of an ambassador from Scotland. Elected to the presidency on a platform of love, wooed and won by the prettiest girl in the United States who could bake the best corn muffins, Sal Palma, with Marge Starrett and the supporting cast, went to town in the George Kaufman show that ran on Broadway for three years. Supporting Cast Benny Burns, the French soldiers dance group, the pony chorus, Alberta Schmadel, Jim Ashton, Mary Ed Johnston each stole a bit of the show for himself. Fred Burnside, ME ’39, among many enthusiasts during the intermission, said, “I’ve enjoyed it so far! Marge Starrett was beautiful in the bridal scene — marvelous voice. . . .” Exclaimed Mrs. W. J. Hastings, after the last curtain call, “I loved it—just loved.it!” Mrs. J. B. Mannon Will Discuss Publishing Business Wednesday As another in the series of browsing room lectui-es—^the first of those dealing with publishing companies—Mrs. Jessica B. Mannon, representative of the BobbsMerrill publishing company, will give a talk, “Behind the Stage in a Publishing Company,” in the reception room of the Union next Wednesday, March 16. With her, Mrs. Mannon will bring a display showing the different steps ip the publication of
a book.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, March 13, 1938
BOLD and BLACK
Dear B and B; The following was inspired by the recent editorial controversy between Vicky and her sister. Of course, it’s a slim chance but if it should rate a brace of Mars passes just let me know at 215 Chauncey. Yours for bigger and better and bolder blacks, —Faymon.
The Activities Boys We’re the boys who make the noise; You see our names in print. For old Purdue (we do mean you) We labor without stint.
With main and might we toil all night, (So Vicky’s sis conjectures) But with the dawn we stretch and yawn And sleep through all our lectures.
With high IQ’s we make the news; Our interests are divers. We wear no hats; we lead the frats But we’re not six point fivers.
We go to teas -(“Yes, two lumps, please.”) Our manners are, you see, Above reproach by social coach. Omniscient Sal McKee.
At all the hops, we are the tops; The co-eds try to vamp us.
ADULT TAP CLASSES
Beginners and Advanced Classes Now Being Formed PHONE 2150
LADIES BALLET CLASSES Meet on Thursday
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
ARC
TODAY & MONDAY
WALTER WANGSR presents Charles Jean
BOytR-ARTttOR HiSTOiriS MMtATNMT
^ PHIL REGAN EVELYN VENABLE »s«oinY°vmwM Klimt outtt* kv AUtsir seorio HAT IIVIHI
“Mickey Mouse” Cartoon
With some success, we must confess; We’re big shots on the campus.
Contributor Faymon gets his two Mars passes. To him B and B also awards another pass—in recognition of the best contrib the column has received this year. Faymon may call for his three tickets at Union’s west desk after 5 p. m. tomorrow.
Catholic Retreat
Period Ends Today
“Retreat” services for Catholic students—a period during which spiritual inventory is taken—began yesterday at 1:30 p. m. at St.
Mary’s Church in Lafayette. Reverends W. Finnegan and Cohen, of Loyola University, are conducting the service. Mass at 9:30 a. m., followed by breakfast for which 25 cents will be charged, will start today’s Retreat program. Instruction periods will be held at 11 and 1:45. The Papal blessing at 4 will close the Retreat period. In addition to Purdue students. West Lafayette High School seniors may also attend part or all of the program.
Co-ed Dessert Parties Start Next Thursday
“Dessert parties among the sororities will start next Thursday for the purpose of bettering coop-
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16th A Representative of the COLLEGE BOOK CO., Columbus, Ohio SOUTHWORTH'S BOOK STORE TO PAY CASH
FOR SECOID HAND COLLEGE TEXT BOOKS for which you have no further use and WHETHER USED tN YOUR SCHOOLS OR NOT
‘Only the Strong Dare Fight for Gold and Only I the Brave Dare Love!”
GEORGE BRENT OUVIA De HAVILLAND CLAUDE RAINS MARGARET UNDSAY
eration and friendliness among the organizations,” said Mary Gene Jarrett, president of Pan-Hellenic Council, at a meeting last night.
Another matter discussed at the meeting was the $200 scholarship to be awarded to a senior girl for graduate work. Betty Klein is chairman of the committee and has as her assistants Peggy Hamilton and Jean Stoltz.
Rev. J. M. Gillis. . .
. . . editor of the Catholic World magaine. New York City, will talk at the next religious convocation, to be held Sunday, Mareu zo, in Eliza Fowler Hall.
Dr. Gillis has appeared on two previous convocations and is well known to the University students.
NOW SHOWING ADMISSION
Nights and Sundays 40c Week Day Matinees 30c
LATE SHOW TONIGHT 10:45
€0 GAY! m QmWYl WITH 7 BIG FUN STARS!
—PLUSBUTTY BOOP Cartoon
Pictorial
Allan Jones Judy Garland Fannie Brice
and
STARTS TODAY
Reginald Owen • Billie Burke
Starts TODAYSunday^ March 13. 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Greek Volleyball Teanis To
Two-Day Practice Round With the culmination of a twoday practice round in which nineteen Greek volleyball teams participated, the regular inter-frater-nity competition in this sport will begin Monday. Thursday's and Friday’s games were chiefly for practice, no official scores being tabulated. Competing teams will be divided into two groups because of the large number of entries. The first group vdll play in the first games tomorrow, and the second group will start on Tuesday. When the preliminary round is finished, the eight best teams will compete in a double elimination tourney, any one team requiring two defeats to be eliminated. This tourney will start on Wednesday. A trophy and additional participation points will be awarded to the winning team. Members of the winning squad will receive individual medals.
Volleyball Tomorrow The following fraternities report at 7:00 p. m., Acacia, Phi Kappa Tau, Alpha Chi Rho, Phi Pi Phi, Alpha Gamma Rho, Phi Sigma Kappa, Alpha Kappa Lambda, Pi Kappa Alpha, Alpha Tau Omega, Pi Kappa Phi, Beta Sigma Psi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Beta Theta Pi, Sigma Alpha Mu, Delta Chi, Sigma Chi. Class “B” Basketball Monday 8:00—Beta Theta Pi vs. Theta Chi, Aaronson, Igney. 4:00—Ward 1 vs. Ward lOX. Aaronson. 4:00—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Pi Kappa Alpha.
Illinois and Michigan, who were “the teams to beat,” according to pre-season basketball experts, finished with .500 and .333 per cent, respectively.
Minnesota has football the year round. However, the list of loyal aspirants dropped to seven at the beginning of the ninth week of the indoor drill.
m
iQimce
Bookstores
“DEA(7’ Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. BI8E DK. HABOLD J. RISK DB. BOBBBT G. RISK OB. LUTHEB A. BISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
Florist
— Printing
iRINTlNG
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
"'office Stalionety .
D H Wedding Invitations PHONE ^ Sales Books, Etc... 2 628 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
— Dine —
Have Your
BEST MEAL
at the
NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia
Inc. 636 Main St. in Lnna Theatre Bnildlng Phone 7955—8050
— Locksmith —- F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Antomobile her and lock serrice onr gpeeialfgr. L. C. N. Door Closer Distributors 208-211 N. 5th St, Phone 2828
— Beauty Studio
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special^ Thurs. - Fri, KIENLY BEAUTY STUMO 662 Main Phone 7727
Phys Eds Retiirn From Two-Day Inspection Trip Inlndiana^ Chicago Purdue’s junior class in the school of physical education returned last Thursday morning from a two day inspection trip to the recreation centers of Northern Indiana and Chicago. The tour was under the guidance of Mr. Burnman, of the physical education department, and was such a success that it may be repeated again next year. The students, twenty-six in number, spent Tuesday visiting the spacious gymnasiums of Gary and Michigan City. Later in the day the future coaches and recreational directors went through the new, awe inspiring Civic Center located in Hammond, Indiana. This new Civic Center is one of the most beautiful and useful gymnasiums in the country. Wednesday was spent with the Chicago Recreation Bureau. Roy and Lenlend, directors of the widespread Chicago recreation system, personally conducted the Purdue Physical Education students on a tour through the large Chicago Park system. Ed Skoronski, a graduate of the Purdue Physical Education class of ’36, holds a position in the Chicago Park system, a division of the Chicago Recre^on Bureau.
r In the recent Illinois Relays, the bell announcing the last lap was borrowed from a fire station.
Activifles Start Soon As the last events on the winter sports program near completion, many new activities are being started by the intramural department for their spring sports schedule. Three all-campus events Will begin in the near future. Table tennis, badminton, and squash tournaments, open to all students on the campus, will soon start on their first elimination rounds. Ward rifle, ward badminton, and ward squash will also be started within the next few weeks. All men who are interested in participating in these spring sports are requested to sign on the bulletin board outside the intramural department office in the Fieldhouse. Former Debris Editor Assigned New Position R. W. Dwight, Jr., ’37 graduate, has recently finished an eight month course in sales training with the Armstrong Cork Products Company at Lancaster, Pa., and has been assigned to Armstrong’s Cincinnati office. He will handle industrial products for the Building Materials Division of the company. Dwight, who was editor of Debris last year, is here visiting his friends for the week-end before leaving to take up his new duties.
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
Clothes that are cleaned often wear longer. Send your clothes to us regularly for cleaning and pressing and it will make them wear longer, look better and give yourself that well dressed appearance, so much to be desired.
3085 and our driver will call
'Hot Dogs' Win Over Jeff High, 30-26 Frankfort’s Hot Dogs proved to be a Jeff jinx again as they managed to squeeze out another victory over an over-anxious but determined Broncho squad, 30-26, to gain the privilege of entering the district tournament here next Saturday. Although the Hot Dogs started the game with a pace that seemed to indicate there would be no contest at all, the Bronchos led at the half by a score of 13-11. At the beginning of the second half, Jeff surged ahead four more points to lead the Case-coached squad by six points, 17-11. Two Best Out But Frankfort, with two of its best men out on fouls—Smith, with three personals on him, was removed in the first quarter and not returned to the game until the last quarter—turned on more power and won a knock-down, drag-out victory in the last half, by the final score of 30-26. Only partially restrained by the ropes around the floor and the force of approximately 35 police, the Frankfort fans surged toward the baskets to cut down the nets. No opposition was made, and the crowd dispersed—^with the nets. Regional attenders were still milling about Main street discussing the regional results at 10 p. m.
Is
ictiiaan
Debating over the question, “Resolved: that the several .states should adopt a uniform marriage law,” the University co-ed debate team consisting of Elizabeth Maier and Charlotte Lochner, met the Michigan State co-ed team of Misses Bettie and Buchanan, in the faculty lounge at 3 p. m. yesterday. Bettie opened the debate for the affirmative, stating very definite reasons and illustrations for the adoption of strict marriage laws in our states. I Miss Lochner (negative) declared such laws would not be practical because they would not be universally applicable. Miss Buchanan replied, for the affirmative, “These laws should be uniform and prohibit child marriages.” As last speaker for the negative. Miss Maier cited that evasion and lack of enforcement have caused the present trouble. The debate was a no-decision contest. 175 Attend St. Patrick Tea Dance In Ballroom Circle dances and cutting characterized the PIA St. Patricks’ tea dance with Suzy-Q Shinn’s orchestra playing yesterday afternoon in the Union ballroom. Approximately 175 couples and 26 stags attended.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, March 13, 1938
TYPEWRITERS—Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
ROOM AND BOARD—^In nice home for two students at 317 Chauncey avenue.
HELP WANTED—College men spend this summer in So. America. Salaried positions. No special experience necessary. Send dime (handling charge) today for astonishing information. South American Association, 827 St. Charles Ave., New Orleans, Louisiana.
“Ceilinz Zero” Cast: Rehearsal for act one at 4 p. m. Monday, March 14 ; rehearsals for acts two and three at 4 p. m. Tuesday, March 15 ; both in tower room of the
Union.
—WILLIAMS. Scriveners: Meeting Sunday, March 13, at 7 :30 p. m., at 126 West Lutz Ave. Bring manuscripts. —FELDMAN.
WAA: Clas.s basketball practices will be held Monday and Tuesday, March 14 and 15. Freshmen and seniors at 4 p. m. ; sophomores and juniors at 4 :30 p. m.
—MORRIS.
Riflery: Meeting for te.am candidates will be held Sunday, March 13, at 9 a. m., at the rifle range in the Fieldhouse. —HOLMES.
New Jersey Students: Meeting Sunday, March 13, in reception room of the Union at 2 :30 p. m. Plans will be discussed for a summer dance for students from New J ersey. —GARTY.
Student Senate: PefTel, Jacobi, Keck, Schumacher, and Elliott meet in the Student Senate office Monday, March 14, at 4 p. m. —ROHYANS.
Senior Home Economics Students: Coeds taking option A who care to take the physical examination report to the Student Health Service Monday, March 14,
at 4 p. m. —SMITH.
Christian Science Organization : Regular meeting will be held in the engineer office of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. Tuesday, March 1.5. -winter. C. G. King Will Discuss Research Before AChS Prof. C. G. King, of the University of Pittsburgh chemistry department, will discuss some phases of his research work on vitamins at the March meeting of the Pur due section of the American Chemical Society in room 106 of the Chemistry Building, tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock. Professor King received his M. S. degree in 1926 and his Ph. D. in 1933 at the University of Pittsburgh. He is a member of the American Public Health Association and the American Institute of Nutrition. Preceding the regular meeting, the American Chemical Society has arranged a dinner meeting in the chestnut room of the Memorial Union Building at 6 p. m.
The Week’s NEWS
(Continued from page 1) co’s greatest attempt to smash the loyalist government.
Half of the entire loyalist fleet —four destroyers and two cruisers—left Cartagena last Saturday night. Seventy miles off the coast they encountered the seven-ship rebel fleet. In the two-hour melee which followed, the 10,000-ton Baleares, Franco’s flagship, was torpedoed and sunk. The remainder of the rebel fleet left for parts unknown and the loyalist ships returned to their base, leaving two British an-ti-pirate boats to pick up the Baleares’ 400 survivors.
Guerrilla warfare held the spotlight in Eastern war all this week. Roving bands of Chinese irregulars recaptured several Anwhei province towns and continued harrying the Japanese invaders along the Tientsin-Pukow railroad. Shensi province, north China Communist stronghold, felt the full might of Japan’s war machine this week for the first time since hostilities have commenced. Nipponese forces are spreading fanwise across the northern part of the province, driving the Chinese before them along the Great Wall. Washirsgfon Embattled TVA directors. Chairman A. E. Morgan, D. E. Lilienthal, and H. A. Morgan, met in Washington Friday to end their internal quarrel over control of the Tennessee Valley Authority. Called together by Conciliator Franklin D. Roosevelt, the directing trio left the meeting with the President’s instructions to “reconcile differences or resign.”' Argument started in Congress when TVA’s “Father,” Senator Norris (Neb.), agreed to support an inquiry. Now, on reading the transcript of the President’s conference with TVA directors, Norris demands Chairman Morgan’s resignation. Denying the Presidential proposed provision for publicity of all corporation salaries in excess of $16,000 per year, the House passed the revised tax revenue bill Friday. Tax on hard liquor will be boosted 25 cents per gallon to replace revenues lost when the family or closely-held corporation penalty tax was stricken from the bill. (This will cause a reduction in corporate tax yield of $41,000,000 a
''year.)
Estimated total revenue for the
With off-season practice becoming more and more popular, two Big Ten schools have adopted the plan for basketball. Iowa and Illinois are the two pioneers in spring hardwood drill.
bill in its present form is 6 billion, 300 million dollars.
U. S. postage stamps in regular series to commemorate our deceased presidents in chronological order will be released soon. At least that is what Philatelist Franklin Roosevelt and Postmaster James Farley decided after a conference last week. This stamp issue will constitute the first complete revision since 1923.
Linguist advisor to the British Broadcasting Corporation, Prof. Lloyd James handed President Roosevelt a compliment this week. Said Professor James, “Franklin Roosevelt’s pronounciation should serve as a standard for the Eng-lish-speaking world.” Foreign German Nazis late Friday afternoon “goose - stepped” across Austria’s border, seized control of the Vienna government, forced resignation of Chancellor Kurt Schuschnigg .... then eight hours later sat back and defied the rest of Europe to break the AustroGerman union. Reichfuehrer Adolf Hitler, sur rounded by his 3,000 bodyguards, re-enforced ivith 1,000 infantry men landed from giant German bombers, marched triumphantly into Vienna last night. The Nazis found excuse to invade Austria when Chancellor Schuschnigg ordered a plebiscite to decide whether Austrians wanted to remain independent or submit to German rule. Given one hour to cancel the plebiscite or face armed invasion, the chancellor resigned after London, Paris, and Rome refused aid. Today, Schuschnigg is under arrest. A new ministry headed by Hitler’s personal friend, Arthur Seysz-Inquart, rules Austria. Meanwhile from anxious capitals of Europe come reports of alarm.
In London, the British cabinet met in an emergency session. Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain discussed the possibility of sending British troops to help France protect the Czechoslovakian frontier, and a general election to determine if England wants peace or war.
France, caught without a government in the gravest European situation since the World War, strongly protested Hitler’s invasion of Austria and threat to Czechoslovakia. Leon Blum, socialist leader, has been given the job to form a new French cabinet to replace the Chautemps ministry, which collapsed early this week under a $40,000,000,000 national debt and a falling franc.
Secretary of State Cordell Hull declares the United States will maintain a strictly “hands off” policy toward the European situation. Business President of the New York Stock Exchange is 1936 . . . today
at liberty under $36,000 bail on charges of grand larceny. That, in brief, describes, the plight today of Richard Whitney, the “broker’s broker,” head of the insolvent brokerage house which bears his name. Suspension of the Whitey firm from the exchange was announced Tuesday after routine March auditing disclosed questionable business methods. On Tuesday Whitney was indicated after investigators charged that he had taken securities valued at nearly $800,000, which had been
placed with his firm for safekeeping. Released on bond he was rearrested the following day on a charge of unlawfully taking $103,000 worth of bonds from the safety deposit box of a yacht club.
CIO came out on top in a National Labor Relations Board meeting Tuesday. The board held that the proper method of bargaining ■with national corporations is on a nationwide basis, refused to order an election limited to a single corpoi’ation subsidiary of U. S. Steel.
After you have tried !HE CHESTNUT ROOM, it will be on your list ot "Sensational Finds," too. Chestunt Room lunches are extremely popular with those who wish to relax in peaceful surroundings. You always receive prompt, courteous service. Visit the Chestunt Roomnow located on the second floor. JPUL fiuJidusL TlfbmufimL lAmofL Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities