SOPHOMORE EDITION
Purdue @ Exponent
Volume 5L No. 6d
Sunday. December 3.
High School Debaters Close Tenth Convention High-school debaters wound up their tenth annual Indiana High School Debaters’ Conference yesterday afternoon on the completion of a round of 41 practice debates starting at 3:30 o’clock in University Hall. Hon. Thomas R. Amlie, former member of Congress from Wisconsin, and CqI. Robert S. Henry, assistant to the president of the Association of American Railroads, debated on the current debate subject, government ownership of railroads, at 10:16 o’clock yesterday morning in Eliza Fowler Hall. Amlie’s topic was, “The Case for Federal Ownership of the Railroads,” and Henry’s topic was, “The, Case Against Federal Ownership of the Railroads.” Discussion followed
iheir talks.
Yesterday’s activities for the visitoi’s started early, at 7:46 a. m., when the coaches gathered in the faculty lounge of the Union for a discussion session. Later in the morning the visiting students toured the campus under University student, direction. Yesterday afternoon, under the leadership of Dr. J. H. McBurney, of Northwestern University, methods of group discussion were outlined, and three students each from Northwestern and Purdue presented a demonstration discussion. Convention Highlight Highlight of the convention was the banquet given for all of the visiting students and coaches Friday evening in the Union ballroom, at which they were addressed by President E. C. Elliott, and Dr. Charles A. Beard, foremost historian visiting the campus. For the third straight year North Side of Fort Wayne, with a delegation of 62 students, was awarded the attendance trophy. South Side of Fort Wayne was second, with 41 students delegated. Total attendance reached the 745 mark yesterday afternoon, with 64 diiferent high schools throughout the state represented.
NOV/,Downwind i'll ad/ait that this PURDUE DEBRIS BEAUry QUEEN IS the cutest LI'L DE-ICER YOU EVER SAW but CONTROL your enthusiasia— is this am/ WAY FOR A JUD%E TO ACT '
Thomson Will Talk At AIME Meeting Dr. Francis A. Thomson, president of the Montana School of Mines and chairman of the Mineral Industries Education Division of the AIME, will speak to interested metallurgical engineers at the AIME meeting to be held next Tuesday, December 6, at 4 :46 p. m. in room 302 of the new Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering Building. Dr. Thomson, born in London in 1879, began his cai’eer in the mining indi^stry as an apprentice assayer at the age of 16. In 1907, he became a professor of mining engineering at Washington State College, and has continued as an educator in the
field ever since.
This cartoon was drawn ^specially for this morning’s edition of the Exponent by Zack Mosley, well-known cartoonist and creator of “Smilin’ Jack.” Famous for his “lil de-icers,” Mosely judged the annual Debris beauty contest. Pictures of the winners appear on this page.
Smilin' Zack Mosley Reveals Inner Workings Of A Cartoonist By John Traugott “After all a de-icer is a de-icer; both Mary and Dixie have their special points, of course, but I never have been-able to decide which one I like the best.” That’s how Zack Mosley, the creator of the famous “Smilin’ Jack” comic strip that has become a national household commodity, parried the question of the writer as to which of his own “lil de-icer” characters had his personal preference. Zack said it with a twinkle in his eye, though, so we caught the idea that it was merely a trade secret. Zack is a good looking young fel- '
Vivian Dickerson
Wilma Bear
low with the type of personality that immediately makes any situation informal. We talked to him edgewise at the Phi Kappa Psi house among a tidy little crowd of about 60,'among their number at least five of the “de-icer” type that Zack is so adept at picturing. He drew the above cartoon especially for today’s Exponent, and at the same time answered a rapid fire of questions that were hurled at him from all angles. Average Pilot As Zack went over the delicate V curves of the Debris Beauty Queen (above) with black ink, he explained, “You know, I started ‘Smilin’ Jack’ with the idea of basing the strip along the everyday happenings in the life of a piloL But, uh, I have drifted into wilder adventures since. However, I still try to keep it centered on rational things that might happen to any aviator.” After the drawing was completed, Zack went into another loom in company with a group about one-tenth its original size and obligingly talked about each of his characters and discussed the details of his own life which proved to 'kbout as interesting as “Smilin’ Jack” and his whole bevy of deicers. His cartooning career started with somewhat of a Horatio Alger
touch when he was a small farmboy in Hickory, Oklahoma, and an aviator brought his plane down in a forced landing on the Mosley farm. As the modern boy makes airplane models, so Zack got out his crayon and drew the strange thing that dropped out of the sky. Buck Rogers and his 26th century horrors provided Mosley with his first cartooning job. He acted as assistant to the drawer of the strip, Dick Calkin. He took up flying in Chicago about that time in order to get the backgi’ound for, the “Smilin’ Jack” strip that was then in the embryo state in the back of his imaginative brain. As to his characters, Zack sa'^s that Jack just sort of evolved from a green kid pilot to the present, spirited, hardened character that he is now. “After all,” says Mosley, “after what he has been through, all those hair-raising adventures, not to mention the ‘de-icers,’ it is no wonder that he has changed.” About the mystifying “Downwing” he merely stated for publication that he was drawn to represent “the romtanic ideal—the answer to a maiden’s prayer.” Off the record, though, Zack, did tell us the story behind this character. “He worried me for an awful long time,” said Zack with that omnipresent twinkle, “so now I just let the whole country worry about him.”
University Fetes Dr. C. Gieard With Round Of Events Climaxing a busy day. Dr. Charles A. Beaid, one of the country’s foremost historians, last night attended the formal dance given by the Women’s Residence Halls. Today and tomorrow, his last two days on the campus, will be just as full. Today at 12:30 he will be the guest of President and Mrs. Elliott at luncheon. Following the luncheon he will attend a tea at 3 o’clock. Those at the tea will include officers of the Residence Halls, Cooperative Houses, P. I. A., and fraternity and sorority presidents. Dean Stratton will be in charge. Buffet Supper A buffet supper for the staff of the department of history, economics, ^nd government is the last event of his schedule for today. With Dr. Estey in charge, the supper will be held in Rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Tomorrow, the last day of his present visit, he will resume his individual conferences with students at 10 o’clock in room C of the Union. The conferences are informal in style and those attending have declared them very interesting. Last Event At 4 o’clock he will be the guest at a special meeting of the faculty to be held in Stanley Coulter Hall. The last scheduled event of his fourday visit is a conference with members of the Student Senate and W. S. G. A. at 8 o’clock tomorrow night in the reception room of the Union.
?
CAN YOU IMAGINE ANYONE MISSING THE “RIVETERS’ RASSLE”
Bear^ Dickerson^ Lloyds Haynes Elected Queens Hundreds Turned Away From Ballroom; 97 Beauties Parade In Annual Contest Wilma Bear, Pi Beta Phi; Vivian Dickerson, Alpha Chi Omega; Frances Lloyd, Kappa Alpha Theta; and Jeannette Haynes, Kappa Alpha Theta, are the 1939-40 Debris Beauty Queens. Ninety-one campus beauties promenaded across the stage of the Union ballroom last night before a judging committee of Zack Mosley, creator of the comic strip “Smilin’ Jack”; Jerry Carlon, Indianapolis photographer; and J. Reed Winsett, of the DePauw University art department. , ^ — A capacity audience packed the ballroom and hundreds were turned away. Stage decorations were ip gold and black with a blue and white backdrop upon which was superimposed a purple orchid. Select Four After three rounds, the candidates were reduced to 24 semi-final-ists. 'i'he judges selected the four
Jeannette Haynes
Banquet For Biology Staff Tuesday Night Tuesday evening at 6 o’clock the Biology staff will hold its monthly banquet in Rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. As head of the department, Prof. H. E. Enders will act as chairman of the banquet and the following round-table discussion. No formal programs are arranged for the banquet; instead, staff members bring up topics of current interest to the department. In this manner, the banquet replaces and sefves both as staff meeting and banquet. Kappa Delta Rho... . . . social fraternity announces the initiation of the following men: Robert A. Hogue, Hammond; Alvin Grefrath, North Tonawanda, New York; Robert G. Carpenter, Indianapolis; Bradley Ballard, Detroit, Michigan.
Besf Snapshot Will Win 'Rassle' Ticket If you like to take pictures and your friends all cringe when you breeze in, then you must be a candid cameraman. If so, and to-wit, take a few of those pictures, turn them in to any Sigma Delta Chi member or pledge, and presto, you will have a chance to win the free ticket, for the most exposing (?) shot, to the Riveters’ Rassle next Friday evening in the Union. The price of a ticket is $1.99% and you can save that much with just a lil’ bitty, naughty snapshot. Just think of all the enemies you can make that way, too. Oh yes, the best of the shots submitted will be printed in the Exposer, tabloid tattle-tale which will be distributed free to the couples brave enough to attend the Rassle.
All four of the 1939-40 Debris beauty Queens will appear between halves of the Reamer-Gimlet fresh-man-varsity basketball game tomorrow night in the Fieldhouse. Debris queens from these 24. Three, the Misses Bear, Lloyd, and Haynes are freshmen, all in the home economics school. Miss Dickerson is a sophomore. Miss Bear wore a pink net di-ess with black velveteen jacket. Miss Dickerson’s gown was of pink chiffon with a simple semi-square bodice. Miss Lloyd’s attractive costume combined a white net skirt and a silve lame blouse; Miss Haynes wore a raspberry taffeta gown with a squareTieckline. After the contest each of the beauties was photographed for the Debris in the Union office. Hank Miller, of the WBAA staff, acted as master of ceremonies, announcing each of the contestant’s names as she walked to the front of the stage. Bill Martin’s orchestra and his vocalists furnished entertainment while the judges made their decisions between rounds.
FACULTY MEMBERS Dr. Charles A. Beard will address a special meeting of the Faculty, to be held on Monday, December 4, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is desired. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT.
'Difficult To Map Plan Of Life,' States Dr. Beard In Discussion
By Ned Ochiltree “It is extremely difficult to map a plan of life, because opportunities that we have not planned and prepared for arise through some chance happening,” spoke Dr. Charles A. Beard in an informal discussion with a group of University students yesterday morning. Using his own life as an example. Dr. Beard stated that he had spent several years studying and preparing to teach European history, but when his opportunity came it was the chance to teach American history. However, he took this opportunity, changing his disappointment into his life’s work. Best Plan “The best plan to follow is to keep one’s eyes open, taking opportunities as they come,” said Dr. Beard continuing the discussion. “Thei four qualities most necessary for success are: judgment, imagination, information, and tenacity and energy.” “When we can see through a millstone with a hole in the center almost as big as the stone itself, we need fear no evil,” he explained. “Here the difficulty lies in training students to see through the millstone. To do so they must have imagination, approaching all problems objectively without prejudice. All of the great inventions have come from imaginative solutions; with-
out imagination there would be no solution. Follow the maxim of Napoleon. ‘Dream your dream without fear and then work on it’.” “BJillions for education and not one cent for brains is the great American educational disease,” continued the historian.” “This condition is peculiar to America, where more stress,seems to be placed on buildings anq ejuipment than on instructors. In Europe, for example, the buildings are unimpressive and drab, yet within their walls are some of the greatest minds in the world. The great inventions and discoveries in science have not been made in the finest laboratories.” Less Research “I often wonder if wq don’t need less research and more thought. Today there is too much emphasis on production and not enough on human relations. A fool is a fool whether he travels ten miles an hours in an ox cart or 150 miles an hour in an airplane. Man has become more civilized just in the proportion that he has mingled thought with his labor. Struggle breeds thought; in most cases those who have all they can desire have not contributed much to our civilization, since they have no need to think.”"V/'V-:" -, V
'3!
r-
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
An Editoial
Annually the Exponent sophomore editorial staff puts out an edition of the paper by themselves. Today’s paper was written, edited, and proofed entirely by the sophomore staff. The officers for today’s paper were selected impartially by drawing names from a hat. Full and hearty cooperation was extended by the co-ed sophomores in writing the co-ed news and other items of direction nominally intrusted to the junior and senior co-eds. To all those who helped we want to extend our thanks. J. F. M. and C. J. K.
Last Spring
the new bowling alley additions, with the aid of federal funds, were completed. Students rejoiced in the fact that now there would be ample opportunity for all who wished to participate in this means of recreation. But complications have developed. It has come to our attention that on evenings when students, for whom the alleys were supposedly constructed, are desirous of bowling come they find that the alleys are taken up for practically the entire evening by townspeople. With all due consideration for townspeople and Union officials doesn’t it seem possible that some arrangement could be mad^ ? After all revenue may be revenue but student satisfaction is one of the selling points of the University. Possibly a schedule of hours could be arranged whereby both could t)owl without causing a number of hurt feelings. We, ourselves, have suffered from this situation and know whereof we speak. Come on Union officials do something to remedy this distressing situation and relieve the tension which is rapidly being built up in the body.
J. F. M.
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the apecM rats of postage prorMed for in section 1106, act of October 8. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Fubiished daily except Monday during the regular academic year and 'tyeekhr during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail subscription 88.60. Editorial Board J. P. Mueller Editor-in-chief C. J. Kennedy Night Editor J. L. Traugott Issue Editor Sophomore ■workers: Ochiltree, proof; Skallerup, asst, proof; ■' Purcell, Heaton, Carpenter, Smith CO-ED STAFF B. J. Campbell Co-ed Editor Co-ed sophomores: Baker, Kaplan, Stiers, Beard, Siess, Rose, McClintock, Irwin, Justin, Miller SPORTS STAFF P. Johnson Sports Editor Workers: Katzenberg, Adamson', Swaim.
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
rKpreskntkd for national advertisino by / National Advertising Service, Inc. toUege Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N.Y. CHICAGO * BOSTON • LO> ANGELES ■ SAN FRANCISCO
This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University ■vie'wpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Last Night
another group of co-eds faced the critical stare of the judges in the annual Debris beauty contest. Some were cynical, some were philosophic, and some were downright scared. To the winners we offer our congratulations and to the others, lucky or unlucky as they may be, we also offer our congratulations. After all even if you didn’t win think of how many others in the past also failed to finish in the top group. This doesn’t necessarily mean
^(im, atuL dish.
By Regina Baker Now that vacation and the football season are fond memories, Puri due eds and co-eds are looking forward to the first basketball game \ and another vacation. Wow!! —H&H— The Alpha Xi’s honored their pledges with a winter formal last night at Duncan Hall. The Campus . Commanders furnished the music for the dance to which bids were given. Cary Hall Northwesterners danced to the music of the newlyformed Cary Club Orchestra. —H&H— Residence Halls swung into the formal season last night with their winter dance. Harry McCrady played for the WHRers and their dates in a scene of snowballs and pine trees. All the men were given two gold bells for their lapel and each girl was given a white charm bracelet of bells. . —H&H— With Christmas not far off you eds ought to be thinking of what to give the “one and only,” Those gals who are forever forgetting when and with whom they have dates would be pleased to receive one of those ultra new charm bracelets. Instead of the usual trinkets, date pads for every day of the week hang from a gold or silver <^ain. The Kappas would be interested to know that there are novel necklaces now with wooden keys and wooden hearts. If the. eds can’t give a nice jeweled fraternity pin, the girls will heave big sighs over a bottle of D’Orsey’s Belle Jour or Helena Rubenstein’s Apple Blossom Perfume. —H&H— You co-eds had better get on the ball, too, and put the eds behind the well-known 8 ball by having Santa bring them one of those super 8 balls big enough to hold a leather belt with an initialed buckle. A pipe set is always cheerfully accepted by the Purdue men. —H&H— With the first snow flurries all femininity thinks of the new tsn’olean sweaters which are embroidered in varied colored wools. Short, flared skating skirts and knee length wool stocking are also popular. —H&H— Do your Christmas shopping early and avoid the rush!!
John Herron Student Art OnExhilitlnBuildingNo.2 An open exhibit of student work from the John Herron Art School in Indianapolis is being held from now to December 20 in Building No. 2 by the applied design department. The exhibit includes water colors in still life and landscapes, commercial advertising, magazine covers, travel posters, magazine advertising, murals to be used in public buildings done in water color, and interior decoration plates. This work is representative of the type of work done at John Herron and is part of their traveling exhibit.
The contraband list of belligerents would reduce the 1938 normal exports of the U, S. by $1,036,000,000 leaving only $226,000,000 noncontraband.
Sea level along the Pacific coast varies a few inches with the seasons, being high in the winter at Seattle for instance, and low in spring and summer.
Improve Your Dancing By Enrolling in Our NEW ADVANCED CLASS FOR ADULTS Thurs., Dec. 7th, 7:30 p. m. No lessons given during holiday vacation. Phone 2150. Enroll Now ALLEN’S 6th and Ferry
ARC
Big Ten Arl Exhibition On View In Music Room Pour years ago the head of the department of fine arts of the University of Iowa conceived the idea of an exhibition of student art work which would visit each of the Big Ten schools during the year. This art exhibit is now hanging in the music room, and will be on display until December 10. Even though the University is the only school in the Big Ten which does not have a fine arts department, three pictures in the exhibit have been painted by University students. John Robertson and Jeanette Morris, of the Science school, are the hobby artists. '
LU^ TODAY - MONDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
TODAY - MONDAY
A 20th CenlUry-Fox Picture
•—AND — 'CAPTAIN FURY — WITH — VICTOR McLAGLEN BRIAN AHERN
PeWERMNT BRENDA JOYCE
PLUS —2nd FEATURE
A SIDE SHOW DANCER TRIES TO SIDE-STEP L0VE...IN A MIRACLE OF THRILLING DRAMA!
^ MIHALlC lin MAIN STREET
that you are now a social outcast or a secondrater. Perhaps this line of thought may bring a new light on the subject. There were less than one hundred girls entered. Think, there are more than 1,600 co-eds. At any rate as the old saying goes, “Don’t let it get you down. Keep your chin up and keep smiling.” Popularity comes and goes, so does beauty. The girl who makes a success of her life is not necessarily the most beautiful but is a combination of those virtues which the University holds near and dear. J. F. M.
MAm NOW PLAYING
xmm
S.
Sunday, December 3, ,1939
GRIN AND BIAR^IT
By Lichfy
Trash! The be/le of the ball Friday night (that stuiming blonde Venus) is not a P. U. co-ed. She was last year’s Butler beauty queen, and sister Of Virginia Judd. ... In case you are interested. —B&B— - Flash! Burns, burns. Benny, the big bad wolf, is out on the look again but the co-eds are still looking the other way. If the Physics Building is no good there are still plenty of others, chum. —B&B— At said dance, John MacKay and Bea Etgler were having the time of thei]^ lives. First, they looked into each other’s eyes, then they danced. Next, they hugged each other, looked into each other’s eyes, and started dancing. Then, they looked into each other’s eyes again — stopped dancing—walked out. Ah love, love. —B&B— KDR pledge, Charlie Suesse must have more on the ball than evident. His love called him from the University of Arkansas the other night just for a chat. Of him we never thought it. —B&B— Do you know what the cigarette butt said to the waitress? Well, he said, and I quote, “Put me out before I make an ash of myself.” —B&B— Then there was the engineer that left the blueprint on the co-ed’s neck. ^ —B&B— Why are six girls after Johnny Dean for a bid to the Kappa Sig dance at Christmas? Purple gnadsnaps. What has he got that we haven’t? Besides ^ . —B&B— Once a little bird was sitting in the middle of a road. Along came an automobile — swish!! SHREDDED TWEET. —B&B— Dunshee does it again. Jody PauN us is in the swim. When you fail in one department just try, try again, them’s Dunshee’s sentiments. —B&B— Fred Douglas, the Phi Gam boy, is still carrying the torch for Mary Ruth Craig. Ah me, love blossoms eternally when hope never dies. Oh fudge. ... —B&B— Another sour expression; “Do you know what the little chair said to the big chair ? ” “Hi chair.” Oh well, life is like that.
“You’ve broken my heart, wrecked my whole life, and ruined my entire evening.”
Another paid ad from the Phi Gam house. The boys are wcmdering why Bill Lancet doesn’t settle down to one love affair. First it’s Jane, then it’s Indianapolis, then it’s DePauw, then it’s back here. Get organized, Bill. Paid Ad (price 2 centimes) —B&B— When Jack “Bunny-hoo” O'Conner, the Phi Kappa trouble shooter, can’t go to Crawfordsville, Craw-
fordsville comes to him. Why not make her honorary house mother? Confidentially, hmmmmmmmmm. —B&B-r - Well, that’s all. Ain’t it enough? Let’s grab a quick one. Later Come let us lean on the river. USE EXPONENT CLASSIFIED ADS
DEANNA’S
mo y#
. A new grown-up star joins the romantic heroines of the screen!
STARTS TODAY
mmmm
— EXTRA — "DRUNK DRIVING" CRIME DOESN'T PAY FEATURETTE
'RUBINOFF AND HIS VIOLIN'
MaiiI
TWO SMASH HITS NOW SHOWI NG
• Th is World is Too Small for Bofh of Them . . . So One's Going Out . . . Feet First ... Hot Headed Cagney . . . Meets Cold Blooded Raft! CAGNEY IS UOKINIS FOR IROUBLE...iND HE'S GOINQTO HHD A RAFT OF IT!
PLUS THE LINE REFORMS ON THE LEFT!
THE ANGELS WASH THEIR FACES
dSd*'*'Vi y ^ f f I n 1 ^ V'Vl'
Sunday, Deceinber 3, 1939
£xftpmnL Spo^ fiiUfSL
li^' ff ,:4
Riveter Tankmen Down Ft Wayne Team, 60-24 A sophomore-studded Boilermaker swimming team handily outstroked the Fort Wayne Y. M. C. A. team, 60 to 24, in the Fieldhouse pool last night. In launching the present swimming season, the Riveter tankmen gained eight firsts in nine events, conceding supremacy in only the fancy diving event.
Appearing in their first intercol-
legiate swimming meet, eight sophomores garnered four of Seven firsts in single events, and banded together to capture both relay events. Swimming enthusiasts may be assured that Boilermaker swimming prospects are pointing to greater heights for coming years. Graham, Kratzer Get Two Each Capt. Johnny Graham and sophomore Dick Kratzer led the field in two events each, although one of Graham's wins was shared by Chuck Siler, a junior, who matched Graham stroke for stroke in a
thrilling raid on the finishing tape m the 220 yard free 'style race. Capt. Graham’s undisputed win was also closely contested by Siler in the quarter mile event, but Graham reached the tape two yards in ad-
vance.
Kratzer led the scoring for the winners with victories in the 60 yard free style and 100 yard free style, accounting for ten points. In the U. S. there are 118 colleges and universities accredited to give engineering degrees.
Schedule of Organization Pictures for Debris Organizations will meet at the entrance to the ballroom for pictures.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 4
7.00 Sigma Delta Psi 7:45 A.I M.E 8:30 Alpha Phi Omega 7:10 Sigma Delta Chi 8 00 A 1 Ch E. 8:40 Tau Beta Pi
7:20 Tau Kappa Alpha 8:10 Playshop Board 8:50 7:30 AS ME. 8:20 WfeAA Staff 9:00
Pi Tau Sigma Eta Kappa Nu
(DabhiA,
Gimlets, Reamers Play Annual Farce Continuing their-massacre of the pride and joy of the state of Indiana, this game called basketball, the ghastly, gibbering. Gimlet gang will slap wrists with the rambling, radiant. Reamer rabble between halves of the varsity-frosh net tilt tomorrow night. Both batches of hardwood talent (??) will be endeavoring to display a brand of netswishing basketball that will put even the Ritz brothers to shame. Masquerade Hoop-skirts, pajamas, gunny sacks, corsets that will give the lads “Scarlet O’Hara” waists, apd other forms of wearing apparel commonly foreign to basketball circles, ■will blossom forth in tomorrow ni^t’s “Follies de la Basketball.” A goodly supply of round pigskins has been obtained for the game as-both the Gimlet and Reamer basket-tossing screwballs find that one or two inflated spheres per man tend to make a much livelier contest. And just to keep even with the balls, there will be no limit on the number of players on the floor at one time. Another 'Tie? All three of the previous burlesques have ended in ties, although a little pencil pushing has been necessary now and then to bring about the deadlocks. Three years ago, the scorekeepers went on a rampage and Anally dropped exhausted ■with the count all knotted up, 99-99. The year before lasjt the game was cqlled with the score tied, 14-14, when both teams grabbed a ball and retired to their respective courts and proceeded to shoot unmolested, while
Navy Triumphs Playing before the largest crowd to ■witness a 1939 football game, a revived NaA^y team sent tne Army do^wn to defeat yesterday by the decisive score of 10-0. Over 102,200 fans attended the annual battle at Philadelphia, although neither team had previously scored a single major victory. Diminuative Dick Shafer rose from the ranks of the Na'vy third team to lead the Middies on the victory trail. Shafer passed and ran for the lone Na-vry touchdo'wn, carrying the ball across from the 22 yard line. Na-vy scored their field goal early in the first quarter. The Cadets did not threaten until the final quarter, when their two touchdo'wn drives were terminated by an intercepted pass and an Army fumble. The Navy recovered the fumble near midfield and retaliated ■with a drive of their own toward the Cadet goal line. The Navy drive was halted by the final gun ■with the ball resting on the Army 22 yard stripe. Duquesne Tied Duquesne’s undefeated and untied record was blemished today ■v^ith a 10-10 tie dealth them by an underdog University of Detroit team. The Duquesne eleven, boasting victories over Pittsburgh and Carnegie Tech, was forced to come from behind in the final quarter in order to gain a tie with the Detroit gridders.
last year both scorebcaids had large “sevens” scrawled on them by the time the fun was over.
Freshmen^ Varsity Will Battle Tomorrow Night Preparing to renew their conquest of the hardwood and boost last year’s conference average of .500 to a new high, the varsity cagers are really getting down to business. Predominant in the first practice sessions being held on the newly laid floor in the Fieldhouse, is work and plenty of it. Having held previous practice in the gym, consisting mainly of getting back into shape after a year’s vacation. Ward Lambert is enthusiastically drilling the squad in anticipation of the coming tough schedule. Last night’s practice consisted — ■■■■"■■
mainly of working the ball and passing drill. Three man teams working with man to man defense worked on offense and defense drill and taking quick shots from vantage points on the floor. During the course of the afternoon, Elwood “Ell” Yeager, fleet senior veteran, gave an agile dribbling demonstration while working on under basket shots. With the long awaited cage battle with the varsity netters looming near, the frosh bucket squad is drilling intensively with the intention of giving Piggy’s boys a brand of basketball that should make for a plenty good ball game. The frosh are sinking ’em from all angles, plays are clicking, and “Dutch” Pehring, ’43, basketball coach, has the rhinies playing a fast-breaking defense which is styled to give plenty of trouble to the far-famed fastbreaking Purdue offense. Fundamentals were stressed in yesterda3r’s practice, ■with kinks in passing and handling of the ball being straightened out. The boys also worked strenuously on the defense designed to keep that ball out of
the rhinie bucket. Frosh Stars Probably all sixteen men on the freshman sqqad -will see action in tomorrow night’s tussle, but the starting lineup has not as yet been determined. Several of the frosh are, undoubtedly slated to star against the varsity, and top men vieing for forward honors are Fields, Seaborg and Cumner. Fields was a member of the squad which played Frankfort in the all-star game last year, while Seaborg starred for South Bend. Sumner’s shooting eye is said to have a keenness approaching that of Young’s. Duncan, Rajmiond and Riley will probably shine at guard with Wickburg and Johnson fighting for center position on the green potters’ squad. Johnson, incidently played against present rhinie teammate Fields in the all-star game last year, when he was a nlember of Frankfort’s championship five. Pyle and Brower, both former gtiards on last season’s Frankfort five, and Krampe, runner-up for all-state center last year, ■will also prove troublesome to the varsity.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Dairy Products
• Florists
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
eujQ •
ALTER'S CAFE OPPOSITE THE FOWLER FORMERLY HUTTON'S STUDENT HEADQUARTERS 410 Ferry St. Phone 8011
U. S. Govt. Graded Beef FRESH ^eUdotL MEATS Compare your present canned good prices with our summer purchased BIRDSEYE prices on the following Fruits and Vegetables
PEAS ASPARAGUS CORN LIMA BEANS
BROCCOLI CAULIFLOWER SPINACH SQUASH
PEACHES STRAWBERRIES BLUEBERRIES RASPBERRIES
k FROZEN BIRDSEYE VEGETABLES
LAFAYEHE FOOD LOCKERS 5355 - PHONES - 2971
ADVENTURE ON
THE EVE
OF CHRISTMAS
• Gifts for Women Priced to $5
by
• Gifts for Homes and Hostesses to $3.95.
Single Compact, $1.10. Yardley’s English Lavendar in lovely gift-wraps, $1.10, $1.50 ($2.50 in de luxe decanters). Lavendar Set with Face Powder, Lavendar, Lavendar Soap, Sachet and Vanity, $5. Yardley’s new triple Compact, $3.75. Beauty Traveling Kit, leather-like case, $3.50.
De luxe Lavendar Bath Powder, gift-wrapped, $1.35. Set of Lavendomeal, Bath Dusting Powder and Lavendar Soap, $3.95. English Lavendar Soap, the international luxury box of three large tablets, $1. Set of Lavendar Blossoms Sachet and English Lavendar, $1.95. Charming unusual Lavendomeal gift-wrapped with ribbon, $1.75.
Lotus Lavendar, $1, $1.85 ($2.50 de luxe.)
• Gifts for Men Priced to $3.35. The famous Yardley Shaving Bowl, gift-wrapped in gay array, $1. After Shaving Set of Lotion and Talc, $1.50. Gentlemen’s Package of Shaving Bowl, After Shaving Lotion, Invisible Talc, $2.85. Travel Kit of Shaving Cream, Lotion and Talc, $3.25. Traveller Shaving Bowl, $1.
H. G. “DEAC” REISNER
• Gifts of Regal ^^Bond Street” A distinguished perfume in gift sizes, $2.50, $4.50, $8.50 and $13,50. An exquisite box of Dusting Powder, $1.50. A new Toilet Water, $1.50. “Bond Street” Compact and Lipstick, gift-boxed, $4.50.
GIVE YARDLEY^S west Lafayette—Home of Purdue University FOR CHRISTMAS *
\ \p>
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Sunday> December 8, 1939
^ioMoh’A. ^hjoixjL Bj Phil Johnson Luied back to the state in which he became one of Puidue’s most famous football idols by the tiaditional Old Oaken Bucket tussle and the opportunity of visiting his host of friends in the Hoosier state, exBoilei makei All-American Jim Purvis letuined to Indiana last week while on a delayed honeymoon tour vith his lecent biide. —fc— Jim IS now general manager of his fathei-in-law’s 60,000 acre K-4 lanch, 38 miles out of Prescott, Arizona He has under his supervision about 500 head of whitefaced Hereford cattle and 50 head of horses, mostly for general use on the lanch. but a few of which will be used foi show pui poses. During the couise of his day’s supervision, he oft times tiavels as far as 35 miles in the saddle —fc— Howe^er, all of the time isn’t spent heiding cattle and singing “Home on the Range,” as the ranch boasts a laige aitificial lake which IS stocked with a vaiiety of fish and which makes an ideal swimming pool foi the many guests that visit at the 1 anch. Also, another favorite sport of the Arizonians on the K-4 1 anch IS hunting deei and mountain lions, both of which aie present m abounding numbeis. —fc— Upon his leturn to Aiizona, Jim plans to visit with his mother and fathei-in-law at their winter home on the border. During the Christmas season he expects to go on into Old Mexico for an extensive hunting tup He remaiked that they weie going to hunt in a locality in w^hich the fame of an extiemely laige and vicious spotted cat, nicknamed “El Tigie,” has been spreading duiing the past few months. —^fc— While visiting the campus, Purvis was gaudily decked out in the typical diess of a ranch foreman with chaps, high-heeled boots, biighWed shirt, bandana tie, and a ten gallon hat. Chassis . . .
. . . for the mechanical mascot which the Reamer Club is sponsoring is now in automotive labortory in the Mechanical Engineering building, and will be shown on the couit at the Freshman-Varsity basketball game, which will be played tomoirow night at 7:30 p. m. in the Fieldhouse.
Howitzer Squads To Compete In Armory Open to the general public, howitzer squad competition will be held Tuesday evening, December 6, at 6:45 in the Aimory. Each gun will be served by a squad consisting of an executive, an assistant executive, both juniors, and a chief of section, gunner, 7 cannoneers, and 2 chauffeurs, all sophomores. The competition, which will last for about two hours, will consist of three paits: characteristics of the 155-mm. howitzef, inspection of the personnel, and standing gun drill and service of the piece. Major J. W. Faulconer and Captain J. M. Whistler are the officers in charge. Joseph Ragains . . . . . and the University orchestra will piesent a concert today at 4 p. m. in the Union ballroom. This piogiam IS one of the regular Sunday music room senes. In addition to the eight selections which will be given by the orchestia, there will be oboe and violin solos by Harold Koch and Veinon Westburg, respectively.
(x/M TbiwA.
On Thursday the Black team defeated the Gold team in the All-Star Hockey game by a score of 1-0. Martha Schroeder was captain of the victorious Black team and Jane Fishleigh of the Gold team. —WAA— Rifleiy practices will be completed this week for the opening of the tournament on Dec 7. Watch out for the co-eds with a bang-bang. —WAA— Fencing practices aie held every Monday and Friday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Memorial Gymnasium A constitution has been drawn up and submitted to the council in an effort to form a club. —WAA— Volleyball games are now being played on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock. Whyn’tcha come out and root for your team? —WAA— Hooray! There’s going to be another mixed recreation in the Women’s Gymnasium on Friday, December 8. —WAA— Watch for the schedule of the bowling tournament in notice column. —WAA— Triton and Dolphin, swimming honorary clubs, will meet jointly following Dolphin initiation on Tuesday, Dec. 5, at 8 o’clock.
b Banquet To Follow Reamer Initiation Following formal initiation this afternoon. Reamers will hold their annual fall initiation banquet at 6 in the reception room of the Union. Rough initiation started last night at 5. Noble Kizer, University athletic director, will speak after the meal, and Bob Donahue, Exponent junior editor, will talk as representative of the newly initiated actives. Agriculturist Issues Call For Frosh, Sophomores Freshmen and sophomores interested in working on the Agriculturist, monthly publication of the Ag students, will meet in the Engineer office at 7:30 p. m. tomorrow.
ingr. Imperative that all attend and make final decisions for Chicago trip —KEEN.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Begular meeting at 6 p. m. Tuesday, December B, at Sigma Nu house. —CATTERALL.
Delta Rho Kappa: Initiation and banquet Wednesday, December 6, at 6 p. m. in the Old Chestnut room. —ESTEY.
Sophomore Union Workers: Important committee meeting outside of the Student Union office Monday, December 4, at 4 p. m. The following' are expected to be presdht: Brandt, E Ford, P, Douglas, C, Cood, D. Miller, J. Shaver, M. Kirkpatrick, Hawkins, M Ciaig, V. Reed, Moon. —HUES.
Wesley Players: Tryouts for Christmas play will be held Sunday, December 8, at 2 p. m. at the Foundation house. Students interested in production should come to tryouts. —^BROONE,
Lambda Kappa: Regular meeting Sunday, December 3, 7:00 p. m.. Room C of the Union. —ALEXANDER.
Dolphin Members and Pledges: The Dolphin-Triton Swim has been postponed until 8:00 p. m. Tuesday, December B, 1939. at the Women’s pool. No swim Thursday. —OBENCHAIN.
P. I. A. Workers: The following workers please report at 4:30 p. m. Monday, December 4, with their call lists: Mary Walz, Anna Dean Ramsey, Emmaline Farrell, Marjory Clifford, Nancy Roby, Barbara McFarland, Carlean Whittington, and Margaret Lfngo. —HOOVER.
Bowling Committee: Meeting at 4 p. m., Monday, December 4, in the Union office. The following please attend: H. Evans, R. Kemper, R. Mayfield, Ferrer, F. Merriell, N Shane, Truman, C. Kern, H. Croper, E. Poor, L Lock, M. Manning, E. Young. —SEIBERT. Triton Club: There will be a meeting with the Dolphin Club at p. m. Tuesday night at the women’s swimming pool. —SPEARS.
Pistol Group: The sixth and last novice pistol group will start firing Tuesday December 6. —^HOLBIES.
Scrivener Club: Meeting Sunday, December 3, at 7 :80 p m. at 326 Chauncey. Bring manuscripts. —^MXJNRO.
A. I. Ch. E.: Membership cards and student chapter bulletins may be obtained in Professor Shreve’s office. (12-4) —MEYERS. Gimlet Pledges: Important meeting Monday night, December 4, at Delta Tau Delta house after the freshman-varsity basketball game. —PRAZEE.
Union Sophomores: There will be a meeting of these people of the bowling and game loom staff in the Union office Monday, December 4, at 4 IT m.: H. Evans, R. Kemper, R Mayfield, R. Ferrer, F. Merriell, M. Shane, Truman, C. Kern, H. Cooper, E. Poor, L. Lock, M. Munnlng, E. Young. —SEIBERT.
Lutheran Students: There will be a regulai meeting of Lambda Kappa Sunday, December 8, at 7:80 in the Union building. Everyone invited. —ALEXANDER. Dolphin Peldges: Initiation in Fieldhouse pool at 4:30 p. m. Sunday, December 8 Formal initiation will be held Tuesday at 7 p m in room 104 of the Fieldhouse, followed by a mixed swim with Tritons at 8 p m in the women's pool. —HARRIS.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Short business meeting Tuesday, December B, at 7:30 in Union —CARPENTER
Senidr Tactics (MT7): For classses meeting Monday and Tuesday, December 4 and B, students are requested to bring their Purdue and Vicinity Maps and a red and blue pencil. —THOMPSON.
Sigma Delta Chi; Members and pledges will meet starting at 1:80 Sunday afternoon, December 3, for Exposer copy-writing session in the Exponent Union office. —TERRIO.
Purdue Undergraduate Dames: Meeting Tuesday, December B, in room F of the Union. —DENZLER.
Agriculturist Business Staff: Important meeting Monday, December 4, in Engineer office at 4 p. m. —WHITHAM.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Model T Ford coupe New battery, tires and tubes. Heater Dependable transportation. Phone 36301.
Religious Council: Meeting Monday, December 4, at 4 p. m in room C of the Union —SWOPE.
Sophomore'Union Workers: Important meeting of my committee on Monday, December 4, at 4 p. m. in Union office. The following students please report: Tafel, Nothman, Corya, Heigle, Kenworthy, Peterson, Thompson, Karras, Spieth, Jones. —HOFFER.
FOR SALE—Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75 Supplies. C. F. Ebershc/ff, 606 Main street
Wesley Foundation: Regular council breakfast Sunday, December 8, at 8 a. m. —McFADDEN,
Mortar Board: Meeting Sunday, December 8, at 6 p. m. in room A of the Union. Attendance compulsory unless excused. —SAURER
FOR SALE—L. C. Smith typewriter, factory rebuilt, excellent condition; $30. 611 Dodge. Phone 86484.
LOST—Alpha Kappa Lambda fiaternity ling Silver crested, dull finish Woody Rifenburgh, 8029
Christian Science Organization: The regular meeting will be held Tuesday, December 6, at 7 :30 n. m in room C of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
NEW ADULT BALLROOM BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS WEDNESDAY, DEC, 6tli, 7:30 P. M. In fen easy enjoyable lessons you will learn to dance the waltz, and the fast and slow fox trot. No lessons given during holiday vacation. All classes are under the direction of P. M. Allen, National Dance Authority.
ALLEN’S
6th fir Ferry
FOR RENT—Laige double room near Fieldhouse Outside entrance Phone 65083
LOST—Gold Elgin wiist watch Phone 71901
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Freshman and Sophomore Ags: Meeting for editorial assistants and fieshmen and sophomores interested in working on the Agriculturist staff will be held in the Engineer office Monday, December 4, at 7 '30 p m —FINLEY.
Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting for actives and pledges Monday, December 4, at 4 p m in reading room of the BE build-