* 4
** V
I ^' ►
fkESMMAN COED ■> ! ^ Describes Work r On Exponeint Staff
i<M|>li«hfd 188d
V Hit Htohita
SiODHD For Fun Appears ^ Today On Page 4
*W!
IftT
elume 55, No. 13
Purdue University, West Laflydtfe, Indiana
$tinday, Septembfr 3£>, 1942
Wi'i"»'<l!i'
Gfidders Defeat rreshiYtati Squad 27-0
CU. VU9INCI0H teMir-w MUM
By Drew Pearson
Umour Will Preside At BOnd Drive
'0Qtiy' Tq Substitute For Rita Hayworth Thursday Night With Dorothy Lamour about ready to step on the gigantic stage which had originally been set for Rita Hayworth, Al Stewart is rapidly completing plans for the enormous show which will be held in conjunction with a bond sales drive in Ross-Ade Stadium Thursday night Arrangements were made for Dorothy Lamour to take over the star role after Miss Haywoith suffered from a ner
Claude Thornhill Will Pky Friday
Smock, Strom Storid Out In jyiuddy Fray By Bob Hadley, Exponent Sports Editor
Tickets Tor B^jrid li^llr^de Fjjnale To Go On i^onday Afternoon
Army Of Half Million
To Hunt Rubber
In Amazon WASHINGTON realize the extent
United States is going to get rub ber out of Brazil A total of about hklf a million lubber tappeis and supporting staff in the end, will be sent up the Amazon Valley looking •foi wild lubber trees
vous breakdown last -yveek Latest announcements from Stewart state that in the open, biilliantly lighted car m which Miss Lamour will travel in a gland entrance and enciiclement of the stadium will also iide a mem ber of the EOTC Corps, to be se
- Few people lected by Colonel Beere, and a mem to which the hei of the Naval unit, to be selected
by Commandei Halt
Two PEM 12 divisions including approximately 300 students will oc cupy 15 minutes of the show’s spec tacle ciowded piogram First “sev en minutes of the peiformance will
Campus Begins Rassle Queen Selection
VARSITY
LE
Harris
O’Bryan
LT
Seidell (soph )
LG
Hnrrle (soph )
C
Rug^ieri
nCt
StOelting
RT
Shiipcr
RE
Hajzyk
Smock
in
Andretich
nn
Buffington
FB
FBESH9IEN Fend (Tilden, Chicago) Macherey (Crawfordsvilfe) Reynolds (Gri tb) iLambert (Henderson, Ky ) Hard (Tilden, Chicagd^) Wrzesien (Wash , S Bend) Paszkiet (Wash , S Bend) _ Warner (Elkhart) Bernard (Kalamazoo, Mich.) Eertis (Wash, S Bend) Hazelwood (Frankfort)
place Friday night when Claude Thornhill’s “Music That Dares To Be Different” will rule for the evening in both ballrooms According to &en O'ossett, Union executive, 500 tickets will be placed on advanced sale at the booth outside the Sweet Shop tomorrow afterpoon at the
Four Nomin^Hons Initiat'e Campaign By Willas Vermilion Sigma Delta Chi Rivetci’s Rassle
To equip them will be sent great be taken up by dual gymnastics The quantities of quinine, a shotgun foi gioups will then divide into smallei each worker foi protoection against divisions which will participate in -Snakes and jungle leopaids and fin tumbling wiestling pyraipid build ally a laige quantity of milk The mg boxing and many othei foi ms milk will be shipped all the way of physical demonstrations The from the United States, probably group will exit m a human obstacle
dbhydiated The milk is necessaiy net
to protect against jungle feveis No one quite knows what this Amazon yubbei progiam will cost, but it wdi iiAi ipto several millions
of dollais
Meanwhile, the diiblets of the
To Induct Sailors
A highlight of the evening as the stadium playing field becomes flood ed with Sailois will featuie the in
which takes place this yeai in the depths of London s subways during an air laid wants queens and moie queens Nominations foi such ciea tuies aie in older until Monday night at 10 43 Fiom then on vot ing takes the major spotlight As the subway loaied past Pic cadilly Ciicus foui coed nominations foi the oueens of the Rivetei’s Ras sle stepped out and piesentcd them selves at the Exponent office Fust to make an appealance was
legular price of $1 65 Though a comparatively young organization, jThornhill features his own talent at ±he piano along with the ^'Snotvflakes”, composed of vocalists Lillian Lane and Dick Haiding, and Maltha Wayne and Buddy Stewart, vocal duo foimerly with Glenn
Miller
Features French Horns
The band’s source of striking nju sical effects foi its “sweet” num bers lies in two Fiench horns com bined with the usual an ay of three tiumpets and two tiombones along
with SIX leeds
A well established an anger com
J. C. Bottum Plscusses Hog, Feed Situation
About 500 students, townspeople and scouts turned up at Ross-Ade Stadium yesterday to watch the varsity and frosh plow up the gridiron fpr" 60 minutes in a driving, disheartemng downpour The game was hard and fast all the way through, with the slippery ball passing from hand to hand at random The Black-jerseyed varsity found out at the very start that they had more important things to worry about during the — I I — afternoon The frosh kicked
Over 1000 Witness Swine Day Program
Indiana Vocaiional Home Ec Teachers To Confer Here
off to the varsity and the ball
sailed over the goal
Starting out on their av@a 20 the Black went practically nowhere as Smock and Hajzyk inched the ball up to the 22 and finally kicked, the ball finally jesting oh the frosh 18 yard line A fumble moved thye ball back to the 7 and the Gold team punted
Navy Following the Navy indue
likW rubber which Biazil alieady tion, the saikns will assemble on tfit has collected are being flown to the north side of the field and the at United States at a tost of ajound tention will be focused on a maneu
$1 jB jioUhd foi ait expifiss alone In contrast, it is mtciosting to recall that Jesse Jones last wintei haggled over the price of Biazjlign rubber foi months, lefusing to in crease the price above 30 cents a pound Today howevei we are pay mg the Biazilians 45 cents a pound —plus ail expiess It was Jesse’s lefusal to pay aiound 25 cents foi synthetic lubbci back in 1940 which made his postpone consbuction of
synthetic lubbei factoiies
Note—If it IS not caiefiil, the Bu reau of Economic Waifare may make the same mistake as Jesse Jones legarJmg ciyptostegia the
name of Jean Patiick with a pcti his own band in 1940, Thoinhill was
duction orm^nyTocaTmirinTo the signed by hterally millions and airanger and accompanist foi Max
millions of students fiiends and me Sullivan, whom he helped to rec enemies __ ognition with an airangement of Seeberger Petition “Loch Lomond”, arianger foi An The next to come before the die KostelanetZ, and a\rarigei-pla most high and mighty boied subway nist for Glenn Millet, Will Bradley officials was one that mentioned Bob Chailie Spivak, Hal Mdntyie, Ben Seeburger and asked^hat he be run ny Goodman and Ray Noble only for the “Queen of the Scieam Pieminent Spot
ing Sirens ” The entiancc of ‘ Miss” Seebuigei has made the lace tiuly
ver by the Univoisity ROTC Included among the local coloi
settings will be the ROTC 76 mm guns in position around the inside of the stadium track and pointed towaid the playing field The thu tefen flag Staffs aiound the top of
See BOND DRIVE page 4
Student Senate Candidate Petitions Due Wednesday
Not to be outdone by the DU s the Alpha Xi s jumped in with both feet and nominated their piide and
joy Vivian Peteison
Holding the gieatest and most spectaculai nomination till last we announce that Miss Piitha Kuma
lappa of BombaV India
Won’t Ghandi Be Jealous' In case your memory is acting up
again the names of the Queens of
Foi eligibility as a candidate in
new rubbei weed, which can glow the Student Senate elections to be so luxuriantly in Mexico and the "tield this Friday students must sub
Caribbean Aftei two months’ de ipit the legulation petitions to the the brawl aie as follows “Queen of lay, it IS now authorizing planting Senate office in the Union Building the Sandbags” foi the fiist lady of of 6,000 to 8,000 acies of ciyptos before Wednesday evening at 5 30 the den of undeigiound inequity tegia In contiast the Russians, The petitions now available at the *‘Queen of the Sci earning Siieiis when faced with luljber shoitage. Senate office, must be signed by at vote against Seebuigei Queen of planted 2 000,000 acres of koksgyz, least fifty membeis of the candi the Blackout,’ Queen of the Shim
J C Bottum Univeisity agii
cultuial economist, stated lecentjy New t^acheis o^ vocational home in an addiess to moie than 1000 In economics from Tippecanoe ahd
diana faimers who attended the nearby counties will hdld a distiict quj jp gmock, who ran to the Gojd annual Puidue Swine Day last Fri confer ence at the University next 47 Kenny Smock th§n proceedexi day ‘Never in the histoiy of the Saturday, it was Announced by Miss to tear off 3 runs totalling 34 yards nation have we had so many hogs Wave BoWes, district supeiyisor of qJ the leraainmg distance to pay
uaL li. wen escaoiisnea arianger com , ^ ,, j; .u ^ ^ ^ j the no^Pi and niani=;t hefoi a oriranwintr appaiently nevei were we teachers of the division of edueg dirt, setting up the first score, which ^ so shoit of poik lelative to the de tion and applied psychology at the came when Johnny Andretich lost
mand ” Univeisity the ball as he skidded into a heap Farmers fiom practically every The conference is for hoipe eco tacklers in the end zone, but not impoitant hog growing section of nomics teadheis from Tippecanoe, untji jje had safely ciosseij thg Indiana and adjoining states spent Bentoh, White, Clinton, Cass, !Mopt goal Hajzyk's kick was good and
the morning studying the various gomeiy, Hendricks, Boone, Foun lots of hogs on feeding tests at the tain, Wairen and Cailoll counties Uni/ersity cxpoiimental faim thiee Various pioblems that the teacheis miles noith of West Lafayette encounter under the wartime condi King Presided discussed
McFarland Will Speak
The program will include talks took the pnnt on the next play and by Miss Bowes, Prof Murial Me downed by Wrzesiesn on the
Again the Frosh broke up
hog tests just completed and a dis aean 01 women, mis oea.mtue jrai offensive, applying the cussioii of othei technical feeding '’i®. Lewis of the touch by taking ovei the ball pioblems and Bottom’s address on University staff, Miss Kathleen -when Shock Lost it back on then 45 the hog and feed situation Dean Jewett of the West Lafayette High Combining a penalty and about the of Agriculture H J Reed welcomed School staff, Miss Mary Holtmaji gjjjy successful pass of the day, the the farmeis to the campus Ambia, and Miss Maiy Mather frosh secured a first down on th^ In his addiess Bottum pointed Montmoienci varsity 44-yard Jme However, Barout that even under puce control entue subject^of homemak ^egen stopped Hazelwood on the the puce on commodities in demand teaching in secondary schools Shimer rushed in to Will tend to rise above the puce on discussed wjth ^ ^yould-be passw immediatecommodities that^aie not m any special attention to problems en- }y afterwaid* §0 frosb quarter Warpaiticular deir^nd to/the public countered by the new teachers tier dropped back to his 38 and baotThis yeai s esttoated fairowmgs in meeting of a sunilai nature was p(j ^ beautiful one across the field the nation weie leported to be 45 Valpaiaiso September 17 put op the varsity’s 10.
Thoinbill’s prominence in his band keeps the piano in front of the
The afternoon piogiam presided ovei by Pi of F G King, head of
the score was 7 0 Frosh Lme Holds
On the kickoff, the ball slithered in and out of the hands of several fiosh and wound up in their possession on theif 3-yaid lme Smock
the old fashioned and most assured - - animal husbandry department, ^*^1®® rroi munai me ^^g ^ov ly rat race type a background composed explanation of the Gold 37 Nni ho ontrlnnp hv lUo DTT s onmnlpted and a dis dean of Women, Mis Jeanette Par tUg
clarinet sextette featuring such numbers as “Snowfall”, his self
composed theme
The Union dance will last fiom 8 30 to 11 30 with ticket sales con tinuing the night of the dance
'Physical Fitness'
Methods of oiggnizing and con
a plant w'^ieh produces much less
rubbei
150 Military Salutes A- private passing a lieutenant in Potomac Park near the Wai De paitment, foi got to salute and was promptly brought to heel “Do yoU know the penalty foi failing to salute a superioi offieei ?’’ snapped the lieutenant Without waiting for the private to leply, the lieutenant commanded him to stand at atteption and salute 150 times A major happened to be walking by bnd saw the exhibition '' “Just a minute he said to the lieutenant “Pqn t you know that ^very salute should be letuined Suppose you begin lieutenant ’ The ifiajoi did not wait foi the finish He departed when the offi clous shavetail blushing fuiniously had iccled off about 20 snappy sa lutes, wit|j the piivate keeping count * ^ Twijii Bpirilfer Wheil Laughlih Guiiie tame back fiom China, he expie^sed Unbound ed admi)ration foi the fighting qual itjes of the Amcncan Air Foice in China Head of the bombardment unit in that foj^e is hmoic Colopel Caleb V Haynes whose valiant ef forts to liberate the Client have a stiango poetic justice sipce Haynes
date’s own class and school in the ineiing Rails ’ and ‘ Queen of the ducting ‘physical fitness pio
University The petitions must be accompanied by a fee of one dollar
when they aie submitted
At the elections held on Friday one half of the Senate membeiship foi the coming semester will be se
grams in the high schools of In
pel cent above the 10 yeai average, while Indiana fallowings were 46 per cent above the average and 16 pel cent above the 1941 figuie He predicted that as long as “the favor-
Sub Pub / — —- - ,, ^ i i. This election is lun slightly back diana will be covered in detail at a able feeding ration continues, hogs wards and upside down Which all clinic for principals and mstiuctois 'wiH be fed to heavier weights goes to say that if you want youi to be held at the University next Using Feed Faster candidate to win vote for the others Saturday * Bottum also stated, by way of The more votes a piospective queen In an invitation which was ex tvaining that the nation at laige
Sfiiiiiqr Spores
Aftpr a first down resulting the efforts of Andretich
the latter punted to Warner on thdi’ G<4d 16, where the frosh quarter yvas dropped by Bill Shimer and Chuck Harris Neither team was able to start a march until the sde-
AppLoxunately eight hundred quarter was nearing an end, couples danced to the music of when the Black lme swaimed WarSonily Dunham and his-orchestra gt nei, blocking a punt on the Gold
Sonny Dunham
Dance, Convocation
' ^ 5-
Attract Small Crowd
lected Eight sophomoies and eight leccives the more chance she has of tended to all teachers responsible ^as using feed at a late that was ’ lme, which Shimer scooped
juniois spiead thioughout the just being piospective while the various schools of the University sex cairieis with the smallest num foi propel representation will fill bei of votes cany off the prizes
positions on the University s stu
dent governing body Elected For One Term Under the recently mauguiated election basis for the Senate, the candidates will be elected foi a peiiod of one semester ip contiast to the foimci term of the full aca demic year Under the new set up hoWevei those Selected may be le elected 01 leappointed at the end of the fiist semester Anybody rated by the Umvei sity as a sophomore 01 junioi may participate 111 the election either as a candidate 01 a voter Nominees must be selected and elected by mtmbois of his own class and school 1 oui senators of each class will bo fiom the Engmeeimg schopls and one eich from the Ag iicultuie, Hojnd Ec, Science and Pharmacy 01 PE Schools Junioi Board Directs The Senate functions with the
for the physical education and ath letic piogiams of the high schools of the state, it was pointed out that
Incidentally tfie Rivetei’s Rassle the fundamental job of physical will be held Octobei 2nd m the piepaiedness leside? with the ele Union and the new all time low mental y and secondary schools
puce of $165% pievails
Held At FieldhouSe Gym
slightly laigei than the rate at which the feed was being pioduced Also included in the afternoon’s program was a shoit talk by Prof C M Vestal who is in charge of the UnivCisity’s Swine Feeding re
in the Union Immedia^tely preced- up and earned acioss the goal ing the dance, between the fidufe UhesJter'B kick was good, bnnging
of 7 and 8, Dunham played for a the score to 14 0
cpnyocation m the Music Hall A Chester, Stram lelatively small crowd oS 18()0 pep tiffii|ed Jiv spurn nice luns during the pie attended the conyocatjop which remainder of the period, but at half
seaich piogram Pi of Vestal told required the purchase pf fi^fty* cent? time, the ^oretemumed unchanged.
Cossacks Change Convocation Date To October 17
The one day cliilic, which will be the faimeis that soybean oil meal ^orth of war stamps pei peison to
sponsored by the division of phys -would soon be available in record gam admission
ical education foi men and tfie de amounts at reasonable pjices and "ffiia was the secon^ ifi. thff afihffs partment of physical education ifoi jje said that the mea) is excellent q£ three fijg name bands to appear women at the Univeisity and the m piotein quality and would be keie this month
West Lafayette high school will efficient and economical to use in la-
be held at the Univeisity Fiddhouse tions foi hogs of all ages
Pas^s Tiiesilay
See FOOTBALL, page 3
Date foi the Russian Don Cos sack choii’s appeal ance on the cam pus has been changed fiom Dec 12 to Oct 17 Prof G T Gunn chan man of the convocation com mittee announced recently Playsbop h is consented to give up the Satuiclav date on which the
and gymnasium
The day’s activities will be launched with the showing of a sound film ‘ Making the ^ost of Playtime/’ following which the gioup will be officially welcomed to the clinic by PrPf F G Hockema, assistant to the president The intensive Navy conditioning pio^iam will be outlined by Mel
Freshmen To Elect ArtlonCB
c.
AWS Representativ0 A
r\-F 4‘nmi -F-i 1 om xi
CALLING ROME
Election of two fieshmen lepie sentatives to the Associated Women Students executive boaid will be held Septeinbei 30 Every fieshman
Pns&ports foi fieshmen and sophomore students wjil be ava,riable Tuesday and Wednesday of Aext 'week, at the tiekftt c^ce m th.d
'Fieldhbfise
'Sojphomore^ will teijfiive tbeff
raiiiMr nniuii' Tuesday ?ind freshm^
calling ROME r
himself is a grandson of one of the juiiioi board as its diieeting body original Siamese twins biougnt to The senioi boaid acts in an advisoiy thi? county by P T Bain\iin in 1830 capacity, and the sophomore and
fieshman woikeis cany out mo\.t
When this insepaiable pan had finished theii years in the show business they took the nan e of then managti Runkci indmaiiied two North Csiolinu gills --the Yentes si skis of Wilkes County Chang Bunkei and Eng Bunkei gee MERRY-GO-ROUND, page 4
of the actqal woik Ihe senate be sides funetionmg as a governing body, conducts a faculty lating PI diet t, conducts campus elections, edits the annual f rcshman Rand book and offers many othei stu dent services.
Don Cossacks aic clibdiiled to ap
pear Then fiist play of the season Taube of the Umveisity staff who coed is eligible to apply by present
Cuckoos on the Health’ will play spent two weeks recently dt the fiom Tuesday until Fiiday of that Iowa pie flight tiaiping centej week instead ot Wednesday thiough while the U S Aimy An Coips Safuiday as oiiginally scheduled high school physical education pio The leason foi the Cossacks gi^m will be desciibed by Piof F change of date as told by Piof P Easttvood al|o of the Univeisity Gunn, IS that due to goveinment F^ollowing the seijes of discus legulations the chon can no longer sions, a demopstiation of condition
travel by bus as has been then mg activities for physical fitness for freshman lepiesentative on the pi letice foi many years both boys and gujs ^il} he "^tageij AWS Executive Boaid for the fall
Consequently with the railioads m the Fieldhouse, to be followed 1942 term
as fheu means of tiayej, they huve by a demonstiatioq pf ^hd Univei Only coeds with fieshman passbeen foiced to change dates on then srty ‘physical piepaie(,lness” pro poits may vote in this election appeaianee all over the countiy giam which will be held m the Union
Distill, Mussolini, you big Wednesday All juniors and seniors
ing a signed petition at the AWB office 01 to Tilhe Cioll any time
before the elections
The following form beaiing the signatuies of twenty five coeds,
must head the petition under signed, do heieby
for the position of
fat spaghetti twRl^^—^jyustea to ihe message Aipjerica is
sen4mg to its women: Hello Gals, ^
Do you lack fkA pep to scrub yoiir babies faces'' Do you feel too tired
We, the to give your husband his murning graphed sheets mformmgr them of nominate kiss'' Do you even lack the ispirit the dateno Which thenr coupons may to give yoUr favorite ice man a be exchanged foi reserved s^S friendly greeting? f ! ^ These ticjc^ts wj^ be for the WlaIjf sp, we fejttow wh84 ypR Lakes aud Indiana
whnt you need is a ^
who have? pot yet had then paa@pbrts may go to the Fieldhouse at
any time to receive them
In order to Collect their paSspotts students must present tb®it legistration schedule cards and theji: will legeive at that time mimeo-
footbatt games
iho UHTIIIA FHi’T'rA PHI RIV Passports wiU admit students tp DELIA LHl KIV* ^he Fordhao) game and there will ETERS RASSEL OCT. 2. be no specific rcseived seaWSunday^ September 20, 1942
Sunday, S^t^irrber 20,
\e Exponent
,'.. Offices:. Editorial Slid Busiiielif Purdue MemoriSi Union, Phoiie 40j)5 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2Y92. Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Edilor-ln-Chief.... News Editor Manstrin? Editor........ Sporls Editor Business Mannecr Circtilatinn Manaircr.. Coed Editor
John F. Amos ..Don T. ,Brophy' ..John H. Armstronc Robert h. Hadley William D. Millard ..'........Ken K. Gjemre JJice ChaMeld
Publication Staff Associate Editors / Editorial Staff: R. W. Boswinkle, t>. E. Buts, W. G. Hoskins, A..P. Hunter. D. W. Ochiltree, W. E. Bafcrt. Sporls Stair: D. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, E. L. Kan>ick, Coed Stall: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, jean Laaer. Business Staff Cued*Business Manager: Julia MaHin. Advertising Managers: J. M. Wright, D, h. Johnson. Circulation Manager: G. H. Klouniah. Accounts Manager: Trena Torrenga, Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
The Purdue Independent
Edito,r-in-Chicf Manaffin}; Editor Business Manasrer Coed Editor Sports Editor. .. Adverfisin<r Manager Accoutits Manager Circulation Manager
■ toaTe. Oa]^ zsMsea Rtmerta: Keiiltler Bill Hilligtew Scott Brown .Georie-Paine ..Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue , Night Editor: Ochiltree Sports Editor: Dawson Daj Editor: Hass Issue Editor: Vegh Reporters: Murphj', Tyson, Baynes,-Donham, Wilbur, Holland, Smith, Richardson, Vermilion and Ford.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette. Indiana, under the act of Congress of March .3, .1873, and r.t 1h.^ :)iecial rate of postage provided for In section nns. .lei l; October 3, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Publish, n . >. Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings during ih. year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1,7B for h .seniesicr or .?3.00 for two semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3.BO for. two semesters. . ' summer semester: mailed subscription $1.B0. . ■ Represented for national advertising by National Advertising 'Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc.,. New 'York, N. Y.
omen
FreshmUn Coed Reporter
in. thG Wcir Weets Unique Expo Staff
Cbllegiene Chats... At the third of the series of “Gollegiene Chats” sponsored each week by AWS, Mortar Board will present a skit iri pantomime of what, to wear and what hot to wear on the Purdue campus. This series o| programs is sponsored by AV/S as an orientetion program for freshman women. At . the second program last week, scarcely fifty freshmen were there. The skit that will be put on next week and Professor Hockema, who will talk on Purdue traditions at the last in the series, will be well worth the < time of freshman coeds. At other universities the orientation programs are put on by the universities theni-T selves and are compulsory. Here they are ori a voluntary basis with AWS sponsoring them. ' If th.e.at'tendance is not better at these programs they may be put on a edmpuisory basis here according to AWS officials. Orientation programs are put on for the benefit of the .students because they prove to be very helpful in becoming adjusted to campus liie. AWS only hopes that the freshmen will realize this and not make the orientation program become compulsory here.
Editor’s Note: This column is usually devoted to the activities of women off the campus, but the coeds in the nsually peaceful School of Home Economics are also being trained for a more active part in the war than knitting socks for the soldiers. Members of the staff of the Home Economics School have come to the conclusion that coeds do not need to transfer to the Engineering School or become chemistry and physics majors in order to be of direct value in the war effort. . In the foods and nutrition option, the supply of graduates is far. behind the demand. The Army has SOO dietitians and wants 400 more-^uick. But the Army is meeting up with competition from other organizations, which are as much interested in the four years of chemistry taken by the dietitians as in tnhir ability to plan menus. Industry Takes Dietitians More than half of this year’s senior class in dietetics was lured into industry. Pood proces^ng companies took thh coeds to fill jobs formerly held by meh. The dietetics graduate ikequally at home in the laboratory running nitrogen determination tests on cake flour or in the company’s experimental kitchen baking a cake. Industrial plants hot in any way connected with food or dietetics are hiring the graduates on the strength of their chemistry, and some of the coeds qualify for jobs as government chemists. Classes For Adults Although the institution management majors and teachers are not pursued so eagerly by industry, they too have added several extra activities to their regular peace time routine. Classes for adults in canteen management and nutrition are sponsored throughout the country by the Red Cross, and teachers and cafeteria managei's consider night classes for adults part of .their regular day’s work. Clothing specialists also have had their jobs altered bywar. More of their time now goes to planning designs that can be used in. making over old clothes than to setting styles for new costumes. Dresses are being streamlined and full sleeves and skirts are on their way out for the duration. Synthetics Create Problems The life of the textile chemist is now complicated by new synthetic fabrics.—animal, and mineral and vegetable. The probleni of how to keep old clothes looking good is intensified by the scarcity of reagents capable of removing stains. Woman power replacing man power in the factories has brought about one of the biggest booms in the Home Economics School—the demand for trained or semi-trained women who can operate a nursery school.
By Margaret Baynes
I walked intp'the gloom of the Exponent office, stumbled over a typewriter and then stopped. My startled glance took in the end of the room that was mysteriously blocked off by a huge if6ri fence reaching entirely to the ceiling—something
big and black was behind it; ,
I was. standing in the middle of the floor contemplating this when flve boys detached themselves from a desk, ran toward
ihe, stopped. Whistled, yelled ' ■ ' -
“issue editor” and tore on out dumb freshmen like you when they t'he^ floor. I waited till the don’t do what they’re told.” I didn’t soUnfl of .their hoofs died away, so I said, “Thank
. thpn turned to regard the oth- b^jiked away.
er ,end, ,01 the room. the affect that maybe I should write Fiftieeh b#S"arid one girl something. So I got up and began were surrounded by a huge tearing up and down the room like semi-circular desk lighted by ghast- everyone else. I wished for roller ly fluorescent overhead lights. .1 sl^ates so I could go twice as fast pulled my'hair,'kicked seven coke as anyone else and therefore look
bottles;, walked up to the half moon
To Hold Rail In Fitness Program October 9
twice as busy.
desk, and gently tapped on it to get someone’s attention. Then I
I told someone he was wanted on
kicked ^ it. This'^ot lovely results
because .feomeone leaped into the air typewriter. He didn t like this and 'sifeahied “Quiet” at me. I and began yelling, hut I pretended grimied happily at him, but he only not to hear. So with these short glared and' said, “Dill pickles”; so 1 dashed off my article in three
I turned tb the girl.
hours—all about the horse show. The lights over the typewriters
u j i i.1. i T Iigui-O UVCJ. nic I-Jipcwnucia She stood up and told me that I specially put so as to knock you
was a freshman. T agreed with her
in the head when you get up. I got up—and they did. I staggered up
^ , to the desk to turn my horse show I couldn t concea from her any gone told me to close my
perfectly; so 1 ’ hsKed het\ if she wanted to knoiv if I were a coed.
mouth so that I’d look more intelli-
gent.
longer that my dearest ambition was to work on the rag; so she
Messed^ m^ andqiTj|i^duccd me to ,j.„rns Up Side Down
the not. The whole room was * maze of.cackling typewriters, shout
I did—close my mouth, I mean. I even closed my eyes because that
ing phones, and iscreaming people.
so I didnt hear’ a word she said, gereaching, “Issue, issue”, like Joe
Nevertheless, I grinned beautifully, dropped my purse into the Wastebasket, shook; bunds with a type-
writer and sat ,djOwn. Terrified By Night Ed
The girl pointed an accusing fin-
E. Brown would. 'When I opened my eyes he was standing on his head—-or maybe I waS^and I decided I had enough for my first visit. So I left. I didn’t know what they meant
Greetings and palpitations to all. Friday didn’t lireak his leg, he just topk a vacation—what most of you’all forgot in the rush. Just to get things movin’ 1 ight along, let’s drop around to the Kappa Sig house. I’hil Woolery, that freshman-dating-whiz of last year, seems muchly enamoured at present with another fi eshman, Jo Irons. Phil really goes for Joes—it used to be Joan Manefee. ..,and ... There’s Phil Harris, that dare-devil Crescent and Star man, who keeps himself in hot water on purposA We think he feels safer dating, engaged gals, but how about the Chicago deal, Phil? . . . extra ... What’s going on in Playshop every nlte now? (Points to remember): Keno and Eddie DruiS are mighty convincing in those love scenes. Especially since a brand new Beta badge gleams conspicuously on Keno! Are they acting? ... secret... It’s been rumored (again) that Jo Eggelson’s .Sigma Chi ri'i-'ss is home again from th.e Kappa hoiiSe at It has also been said that Alpha Chi, Gail Ueeswy, had a lot to do with it. She limits all' sisters to three minute phone conversations now so; Jo will have a chance when he calls. Neat system. .. . a certain thing ... Theta Gerry O’Neill is travelling first-class right nov>'. “What vvith a gal like that, who has a car, why not'more dates on Sunday nights” ? asks a curious guy.; She just waves’at the little lads now, no use gett^ip’.^ated for the car’s sake. ,. ... an arrow true ... PI Phi “Bertie” Cole is even confusing Confucious. She retprnod Jim Claffey’s Lambda Chi pin (an old, old i^'iendship), then accepted steady dates on weekends with—you’fe right, Claffey. Look out, something i.s a. trjffe jazzed up. . ... and ... Jeanie Barrett again of the Arrow clan, is cookin’ on the front burner when it comes to Tex Smerke, Luiubda. Chi he-man. Just one thing, Jeanne, how about Tex taking Alpha Chi Sylvia Polites to the Noj-thwestern game? Think of that big open-house you,!]!, iniss., ... big questions ... What goes on with Gene Katterjohn’s Phi Delt pin. Neddie gave it back we hear, but now she has it again. Maybe the clasp was rusty? , , , Who’s been on The wagon lately . . . includipg names like Bog Todd (Sig Pi), Katie Bruck (Pi Phi), In Fifield (Theta),j,and Chuck Keene (minus his better half) , . . answer ... ... NOBODY! . i.
Out Of The Wardrobe By June Hardy , Thought it would be fun to specialize this week and do ail the “ear to the ground” work in one night; since Sonny. Dunham’s shindig loomed up as gayest affair of the week, spent the whole evening mopping the brow, abandoning, the date when a “look twicer”walkfed by, and then making a mad dash to jot down her name and duds for the evening. Can’t figure out what part fate played for the freshman gals, but after pinning down seven of the evenings smoothies^ discovered six of them were first year fledglings. Early in the evening a cutie of a red, black, green and white plaid suit pranced by; ’twas Jane Post decked out in a suit with black velveteen trimmed collar, white silk shirt and beet red loafer shoes. Equally as chirpy but not quite so splashy, beginner Harriett Young wore a conservative blue bunny hair classic trimmed in yards of walnut gro'sgrain studded with metal clasps. A couple of perky pockets and a smidgeon of shirring made the dress a winner. Another newcomer, Marje Thoms, could have put a fashion plate to shame in her slick rayon jersey job of green, black, and grey print. Cuffs and full skirt' were of gtey jersey, while a weird Cuban bean necklace, touched off the neck. Couldn’t forget the interesting cut and draping of freshman Pauline Heid’s brown crepe. Had a huge “U” shaped panel down the front with slithers of shirring on the side and skirt fullness originating from the bottom of the curve. Lone upperclassman of the evening’s results was Carol . WattlewoTth in a combination of black crepe and pink with baby dots. The tea drqsS was irregular in design changing from parts of the dotted to an almost solid back of black. A crispy black bow was in her hair. . Two other freshmen, Dorothy Homfeld and Barbara Jean. Gregory looked mighty dazzlin’; Dottie’s rayoii print was of green and had huge prints around the hem, down the tope front and edging the sleeves. Barbara was dancing in brown crepe that had a deluge of gold studs ’specially around the neck and sleeves. A yard long zipper slipped down the back, while a tight fitting skirt knifed from under long tunic. Brown suede pumps looked nice with this top. With .all the big doings planned for the coming week—kick-offs, Claude Thornhill ,and such—bet all the guys -and gals will be “decked out fit to kill”. Hope all the upperclass gals will blossom forth.
ger at someone and said he was a when they yelled “Issue”, but as I night editor. I looked at him with left, I yelled it at the sports editor awe, Did that mfean he worked all coming in. I’m going back tomornight? He did look rather queer, row to confirm my suspicion that 'My horrified glance followed his the night editor is verging on inpointing pencil while he said to me, sanity. “See that black thing behind the I now belong to the Exponent iron fence ? That’s where we throw staff.
By Eris Holland “When a person is pressed for time, the first thing she leaves put is recretion,” says Prpf. Helen Hazelton, head of physical education for women. “That is definitely the wrong action. A person cannot be mentally alert if she is not physically alert, and here and now is the time and place to begin that imiportant budgeting of time.’’ Professor Hazelton is state representative for women on physical fitness pi’ogram of the Indiana Defense Council, and she with the other,members of the physical education staff is striving to bring to the women of the University an awareness of what good health can do and how to get and keep that good health. ■ Emphasizes Swimming Miss Hazelton believes that every coed in the University should know how to swim. Freshman and sophomores have instructions included in their regular gym classes, and upperclasswomen may swim for recreation any week day afternoon from 4 to 6:30 except Wednesday. Miss Baum, the new member of the staff, gives instructions in swimming and diving at the same hours on Thursdays to any girl who desires it. Points for WAA can be earned from these sessions also. There is a WAA cabin, as most of the coeds are aware, but apparently it isn’t being used as miich as it could be. It is recommended by Miss Hazelton as a grand objective.^ for a hike. Groups may dse it but must have cabin leadei's and comply with WAA restrictions regard-
ing hours.
The principal aim of the “toughening up” program is to help upperciasswomcn include in their program relaxation and recreation.
Everything for a College Education
October 9 has been set as the (date for one of the biggest comifig events on the University calendar ‘ —Gold Diggers Ball, sponsored each, year by Associated Women 'Std- • dents. Dick Cisne and his orchestra; will furnish the music, and. A^S , advises coeds to start saving pennies and ideas now. . ’ This year ini keeping with war times, a militaristic trend will pre- , vail with all coeds and eds attending the dance voting, not for the most eligible bachelor as in previous, , years, but for the most eligible draftee on campus.
Anything Goes
Crazy corsages vVill probably predominate as usual. There is, no limit to the type^ Anything goes ^ so, long as the boy-friend can hear up under it all. In judging. these rare concoctions, originality will bh ^ o^ prime importance in selecting the prize winners. This is the one time duringf th^ year that the male animRls can. get : revenge on the coeds. There is nothing that will give the ed more ' pleasure than to make the girlfriend wait—say, forty-five mih- , utes, and then load down his poor date with all of his personal belongings. ^ Transportation Troubles Girls will have to use considerable; ' resourcefulness in solving the transr portation angle this year ' with 'a shortage on rubber and gasolihe,. , but they’ll come through some ■ unique way—no doubt. Becky Ann Pervine, social chairman of AWS, is general chairman of the dance, and Mary Lu Sterhberger is in charge of ticket sales;,, The pi'lce of tickets will be ,.anA nounced later. ' , '■T!'
DR. M. P. LORD “DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg. ^
Personal Notes Dave Rankin . . . graduate of the University last spring, has married Ann Thomas, daughter of Brig. Gen, and Mrs. Amos Thomas, of Santa Barbara, Calif.> it was announced recently. The ceremony took place Sept. 12 at Fort Lauderdale, Fla. Rankin, who was All-American end on last year’s team, received his Marine Air Force wings at Corpus Christi, Tex-» last'week.
Bonit'a Robbins . . . senior Kappa of Hammond, Ind., recently announced her approaching marriage to George Duncan, of Roselarid, 111., a former student at the University. They both have dropped out of school as Duncan expects to be called to service within a month. Miss Robbins plans to return to the University in January to complete her. work for a degree. The wedding will take place Sept. 26 at the First Presbyterian Church parsonage in Hammond.
NOW SHOWING DOUBLE* FE>R^E The Funnies! laugh and 1^ show of Ihe year!
Itugene Palietle
-PLUS-
intMf . \t < air^year-oU ' y. $ong$tarl
OlORt*
^ KATFRANOS ,
waluk HUSTON < wADDtIi
Those Merry Majesties of Mirth... Ruling the Land of Wickg Wacky Woo-WOO!
ROBERT PAIGE LEIF ERIKSON Lionel Atwill Nan Wynn
THE SARONGA DANCING GIRLS and THOSE SENSATIONAL HARMONY HITS THE FOUR INK SPOTS
IT ROCKS WITH HHYTHMI "Do I Wony" "Lovely Luena" "Java Jive" ii”Shoul, Broker, Shout” ,.,and other Song-sations!
YOyRAIRimO iWMiEM'
newest I Irodutad by Ihe tlanel . / Corpi, Relea.ed by lOih hero ^/| Century.Fex Film Cdrp.'
UlMMSra-MW PIMC IN HEART! i^iN miiisi HUMOR!
20th Cenfury-Fox’s unforgettable triumph! starring —MONTY WOOLLEY RODDY McDOWALL ANNE BAXTER OnO PREMINGER • J. CARROL NAISH hadued Hi WflltM fw Ikf Scriw If nradfl ^ NUNNALIY JOHNSON • IRVINO PICHEl
P if':
y
m
» sV
September 20, 1942
bm^^intiker Sports
Page $
1 0)
r;
w i
li^^t'jernity Golf Pairings Announced; 111 Qualify Following nearly a week of qualifying, the pairings for the feiX fliglits of the fall Inter-Fraternity Golf Tournament were Ahhounced last night by Chief Clevett. Ted Shead, Theta Chi, ahd Charley Ainsworth, Sigma Nu, led all the 110 qualifiers with identical scores of- 77. Berlik, Phi Kappa Tau, followed close behind with a 78. An* — . . otW Sigma Nu, Dave Lodge, g^ppa Tau (90) vm> Sjlpt a 79. Parsons, Phi Kappa (85); LindThe top 32 scores, ranging blade, Sig Pi (82) vs. Platt, Phi frdm ,77 Up to 90, were placed ^appa Sigma (87); Hudson, Sig ill the' Championship Flight. The (®3) vs. Shead, Theta Chi (77). n^kt SSr were paired in the “A” The winner of this flight will rej*li^ht. * ceive 25 points toward the team ' j^jich fraternity which qualified championship, second 20 points, throe raOn or over will be given ^bird 15 points and 10 for fourth. 28! participation points. The Phi ^ consolation round will be played £)e1ts qualified five men for the among the 16 losers of the first Championship Flight. Four Betas ’^ound matches of this Championfliade this top flight; Sigma Chi ship Flight. Points will be awarded i)}aced tljiree men among the top 16 ^be first three places in this qualifiers, According to Chief Clev- ^^^bt as in all the others, ett, all first rouqd matches should be Pairings for the “A” Flight are played off by,Wednesday. as follows; Wolf vs. Pearson, Artz ^ Tbe pairings for the Champion- vs. Driscoll, Hoffer vs. Greiling, 8h^ Flight is as follows: Ains- Lair vs.^Kercheval, Ochiltree vs. Worth, Sig Nu (77) vs. Coombs, Sig Geppert.'Weslow vs. Swab, Mahan Chi (^0); My^rs, Theta Xi (87) vs. vs. Todd, Broeker vs. Weichel, McSi^rts, Phi Dell; (82); Stackhouse, Kiman vs. Ault, Kuch vs. Brebner, P., SAP (83) vs. Hoffman, Beta Bennett vs. Shimer, Baumgartner (80); Poston, Beta (86) vs. Stack- vs. Hemler, Orr vs. Anderson, Dunn house, B., SAE (80); Powers, DU vs. Sweeney, Fullerton vs. Flexon, (22) vs. SeWard, Theta Xi (86); Angermeier vs. Casey. Moeller, DU (87) vs. kuch. Phi Delt “B” Flight pairings: Mansfield (83); Wiske, Beta (86) vs. Greybill, vs. Gelwicks, Rich vs. Mai tin, NyDelta Chi (89); Carson, Sig Chi gren vs. Hageman, Miller vs. Clear(88) vs. Berlik, Phi Kappa Tau water, Bahner vs. Duffin, Henderson (78); Lodge, Sig Nu (79) vs. Sweet- vs. Tepas, Spieth vs. Silverman, man. Phi Psi (86); Christy, Lambda Coleman vs. Keene. Chi (88) vs. Klein, DU (83); Bason, “C” Flight paiiings: Krumholz Phi Delt (84) vs. Cole, Beta (89); vs. Knutzen, Cohen vs.Flora, Noffke Culbertson, Phi Kappa Sigma (86) vs. Weber, Wetzel vs. Meyers, vS. Robeit, Phi Delt (82); O’Nqjl, Woods vs. Martin, Rothenberger Phi Gam (81) vs. Sanders, Phi Delt vs. Nygren, T., Simpson vS. Smith,
ALLE SCHOOL OF DAMCINC* 6th & FERRY, LAFAYETTE STUDENTS AND COEDS—CLASS INSTRUCTION
Phonograph' and Radio
"fAafTf follow hor fo School ono doy'*
(A) MAQHAVOX PLAYFELLOW. Excelleqt tons {ram this electrically amplilted phonograph. 3tube ■mphlication; cryatai plotop; tontj and volume control; 6.inch speaker. Finished in Brown Airplane Luggage. .$42iB0 (B) LYON & HEALY PHONOLA. Hand wound power; plays 10* and 12" records; storage compartment beneath lid. Simulated leather cover, (choice) BrownTan, Dark Blue, Black & Gray. Weight, 11 yt lbs SI4.1B (C) R.G;A>-VICT0R “PICK-ME-UP" RADIO, Playable everywhere—4 operates three AGp DC> and Batteries. Long-life bat* teries; 5 R.C.A. Victor tubes; powerful speaker* Two-tone Taa simulated leather cover with hao* die. A ^^srnooth’* goiog-tobconoge $31.50 (D) EMERSON “POWER • MITE" RADIO, Reputed to be the world’s amallest and lightest battery radio _ Dyna • power speaker; automatio aaiety “onoil’’ switch; volume control. Just 3 lbs. Beautilully styled; leather case ,....< S24.95
Hear them In the Midget Radio Sho|i (2nd Floor) and Phonograph Shop (First Floor) in Loop Storo
McLEAN MUSIC CO. 514 Main St. Lyon & Healy is Campus rendezvous for those who want the latest in Victor, Columbia and Decca Records. '
Coach Phillips Grooms Cross Country Team For Defense Of Big Ten Crown
We were glad yesterday that we ware am^ong the lOO^oddi citizens in the press box. We hope that the Boilermakers don’t run into too many Saturdays like that cme. lykep it's juicy underfoot and the ball igpts slimy, the team with ’plain old smashing power has the advantage, and the Riveters aren’t pl’aying it that way this year. ^ t i ^ ' Still, taking a loqk at yesterday’s mess, the Riveter offeBS^ve k?pt , marching pretty re^gularly and fumbles weten’t too numerous, considering the ball-hmndling that occurs on ever^ play. They will see plenty pf adverse^iveather before the end of that 10-game'schedule'■’ this year, and it’s good stuff to get acquainted with. ! ' < We saw yesterday something that we looked for all last year—‘inter.* ference. On several occasions the varsity came around end almost en, masse and cut down| the defense with some blocking thqt really loph^d good. Only once during theiga-rae di^d a back carry the ball,on a sweep all by himself—and that time |ie Was the only one who thought We had
the ball and he went 16 yards unmolested.
If the line’s aggressive tactics show up as well in the regulUr ‘i"’ season competition as they have in the two practilie frays, there will , be a pleasant revet sal of last year’s circumstances. Last Reason there , were two enemy j-ackles and a guard or two playing in the Boilermaker backfield njiost of the time. We had m6re of our punts blocked ’ than any other ma jor eleven. If the forward wall continues its b^eak- ^ ing through habits, opposing passers and kickers are in for qome ^ anxious afternoons. , '
n '■ I
The name Voino(ff was prpnounced “mud” over in the swampy area around the freshman bench this afternoon in the last qqarljer of ,the game. When frosh quarter Warner slid around end from the varsity g2 ^ and tore down the sidelines past the slightly surprised secondary, lylio apparently weren’t expecting him, and crossed) the goal, Sammy seemed of the opinion that he left some cleat marks out of bounds on the 20^ About 26 healthy freshmen seemed to differ slightly and they swariped all over little Sammy who turned on a broad grin and ignored them. ^ From where we were it looked very much like the rqnner did st^p out, but we, like the freshmen, do feel that it was a nice run and he., deserved a touchdown—it wasn’t his fault the field wasnt’ any wider. We probably would make pretty poor ofiicials.
All tennis players who will be eligible for Freshman - Varsity competition next spring report at 7:30 tomorrow evening in Room 105 of the Fieldhouse. —LABREE
Cross vs. Wbrl. “D” Plight pairings: Martin vs. Miller, Baker vs. Zeigler, Karn vs. McKee, Schroeder vs. Meyer, W., Crofts ys. Fee, Reeves vs. Beal, Koch vs. McCormick, Steiger bye.
Dolphin Clulp ... swimming honoraigrj will hold their annual reception for'freshmen Wednesday night at 7:15iin'the west faculty lounge of the Union. At this time the neW Dolphin pledges will be announced and presented. Interesting pictures will be shown and refreshments^'will conclude the program. All freshmen interested in swimming are uiged to attend.
It helps me out in many ways to have my clothes cleaned hy West ’;^ide! They do a good joh at very reasonable pricqa!
Rams Come West For Eighth Meeting Vfith Boilermakers 'NEW YORK, N. Y., Sept. 19— Fordham’s football team launches its fifty-fourth gridiron season, its first under the aegis of Earl Walsh, ■fiSxt Saturday against the Rivet’ers at Lafayette, Ind. The game, phe eighth meeting between the Bqilermakers and Fordham on the gridiron, marks the first time that ifie Rams, defending Sugar Bowl .champions, have opened a football (^^mpaign away \ from home since 1^25 when they travelled to play Providence College in the intial encounter of that season. iWalsh has a plethora of experij^pced backs on hand this year and will start an all - veteran four against Purdue, Jim Hearn will call the signals, George Chverko and Joe Andrejeo will handle the halfback chores and Steve “The Bull” Filipowicz will again deploy at fullback. In reserve will be other capable performers, notably left halfback Joe Ososki, right half George Elder, Benny Babula, fullback and Mike Vucksanovich and Vitty Yablonski, quarterbacks. Handle Rumupg Attack Filipowicz, Andrejeo, Cheverko and Ososki will be entrusted with most of the running atatek and if their performances equal last season’s there should be little to be desiied in their work. Cheverko will do the punting. The passing, which is a leading feature of the Fordham offense, will fall upon the capable shoulders of Filipowicz and Babula with Cheveiko also lending his pitching arm to the overhead game. Line Problem The problem of reconstructing a line, particularly the grooming of guards, has occupied' most of Walsh’s attention during the past five weeks of framing. He has named four seniors and three juniors for his starting line but there is a stiong possibility that two and perhaps thi’ee of these men will find
By Clint Sowards
Rapidly rounding into top shape. Coach Hermon Phillips' cross country team is already making plans for copping honors ip the Big Ten competition again this year. Coach Phillips said this about his boys, “We have a fine chance to place in the Conference this year, not so much because of fine form; but because we will be in better ' .
shape than the rest of the teams in the Conference."
Last season the Boilermaker
fellows were refeulars, and they lead the list of\ ruD^rs so far this aCA-
son. Deusler is reported to be in
cross country team, coached by top form at present, and Roach is “Phil,” made cross country history rapidly gaining perfection, by beating the boys from Bloom- The roster of men who are at ington for the first time in history present on the top of the list include —not once, but three times. They Deusler and Roach, Fred Kinder, won the state cross country meet Kenny Lynch, all upperclassmen^ which was held here on the campus, and two sophomores who look very took the Big Ten championship in promising—Ashwell and Harrier,
stride, then went on to capture third
place in the national meet held at r®gressive Arrangement the conclusion of the regular sea- Coach Phillips has arranged the son. whole squad into three seven man The Boilermaker course, which groaps according to how they place is strung around through the ups practice. 'These groups are not and downs behind the three hole stable in the least; should a man golf course, is without a doubt one first seven run last two days of the toughest in the country— ® row, he is demoted to the seclargely because it isn’t on the level squad, and the man taking first (topographically speaking). Teams second group moves up into
in fine form from conditioning on first squad,
comparatively flat courses, last year The freshman crop of runners were left panting Way back in the this year is larger than usual, beihg woods by the Boilermaker thinlies. made up of fifteen aspiring, perCentered Around Roach, Duesler spiring Rhinies. For the first time This season the Boilermaker on record, the Frosh have been squad is centered around two of given a schedule of their own this last season’s squad, Charlie Duesler season, which includes a few Big
and Derral Roach. Both of these Ten meets.
their places taken by sophomore or freshmen players before the game IS very old. Three juniors will hold down the left side of starting forward wall. Ed Slodowski will be at left end; Joe Yackanich at left tackle and Pete Pascavage at left guard. Joe Sabasteanski, a senior, is at center; Frank McIntyre is at right guard, Tom Byrne at right tackle and Stan Ritinski at right end. These last three are also fourth year men. The Fordham squad (of about thirty-two men) will leave for Indianapolis on Thursday night from Grand Central Station, arriving there at eleven o’clock Friday morning. They’ll stay there overnight and go down to Lafayette late on Saturday morning for the game.
SCOBEE’S
— ALL KINDS OF PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIS — Fresh Film and Film Pks — Try Our Quality Kodak Finishing — PROMPT SERVICE — PHONE 2343 105 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
Northwestern and Vine Sts.
Phone 4081
marionrss PURSE-KIT . motrt M stx solid colors. Also dashing combinations.
At any rate, every handbag we know is "that way” about Mationess Purse-kit. Purse-kit is a slim, flat kit whose cleverly planned pockets hold your lipstick, comb, tissues, etc., etc., all in one place, all the time. You can change handbags in a jifiy, with no danger of forgetting some essential. Your pocketbook is so neat you will be proud to open it in front nn of anyone.' Ask for it by name njOOR ^ I .llu
IM Schedules The following All-Campus Tennis Singles matches must be played Monday evening. Sept. 21, at 4:15: Court 1 J. R. Galloway vs. H. S. Grauten 2 Mai Schweig vs. W. L. Schallfdl 3 D. G. Riibinson vs. J. M. Hurwich 4 A1 Geraci vs. George Kem ' 5 R.Weussmire vs. M. F. Anderson 6 J. E. Rupp vs. M. L. Hoffman 7 George Black vs. E. E. Jett 8 R. W. Greider vs. C. R. Partifth 9 D. M. Long vs. C. S. Armstroflg;^ 10 A. J. Weinberger vs. Tom Ewing 11 S. G. Eaton vs. Don Dial 12 Tim Murdoch vs. Wm. Hackett 13 Pat Gibbons vs. Nat Laskin 14 C. N. Ross vs. Ralph Bray 16 R. E. Rawlings vs. J. D. Thomai 16 D. L. Johnson vs. George Taylor 17 J. T. Rodgers vs. E. P. Wells 18 J. C. Harrison vs. G. E. Gifford 19 Knobby Walsh vs. R. M. Berry 20 J. K. Moore vs. J. A. Anderson If any of the above matches have been played, please report yoiir score to th^ Intramural Office, No. 2876, in order that the matches may be scheduled for the winners*. 'ThCte will be an official schedule posted outside the Intramural Office und you are requested to post the winner of each match immediately after play. If you cannot play your match as scheduled, please contact your opponent and make arrangpements to play at another time. Telephone numbers of all entrants may be had by calling the Intramural Office, 01 consulting the schedule on the Intramural Bulletin Board.
9 m
ipjL 1. To READ^Pa^s the time in the w,. t Browsing Room. 2. MUSIC—Listen to the records in the Music Room. BOOKS or MUSIC find them both in JluL tpjjUvdjJUL TyimuytiaL IAjuml Just take a walk through the building!
The following Cary Hall touchball games will be played Monday evening. Sept. 21, at 4;0(>: Field 1 Unit 2 vs. Unit 6. Umpire; Bussing 2 Unit 3 vs. Unit 4. Umpire: Shook 3 Unit 6 vs. Unit 7, Umpire; Musselman The following Ward softfaaU games will be played Mopday evening, Sept. 21, at 4:16: Diamond 1 Owen House vs. International. 2 Ward 6 vs. Circle Pines. 3 Ward 9 vs. Bivouac. 4 Ward 10 vs, Dover House. 6 Ward 12 vs. Westminster. 6 Roachdale vs. Chauncey. 7 Marwood vs. Ward 24.
Football
4
(Continued from page 1) No sooner did they have the ball again m their possession, than the Bla'ck team again was knocking at the door after a Gold kick was nearly blocked. Buffington set up the scoie, and Andy Berkeley streaked across to make the scote 20-0. Hajzyk's coijvei’sion was good. The last touchdown of the unpleasant afternoon came on the series of plays following Hajzyk's kickoff, when, after Berkeley took Warner's punt on his own 45, the varsity started another drive that culminated with Kenny Smock driving, side-steppmg and skidding his way 25 yards for a touchdown. Herto’s kick was blocked and thq^ score stood at 27-0. , The remainder of the C)ontest was confined pimcipally to fumbling and slipping with the e:)tceptiott of a Gold onslaught in the closing minutes.^ ‘’•Je;''^ 4 i“
I
Pii^que PxpShe'nt
Sun^y, HejplemSoF‘S0» i^P'
Sppoivi Prtsbiem For Fun
Following IS the second in a senes of “Piobleins for Fun”, devised by the Math depjirtment. One probl?n> will appear in the JSxponent every Sunday for the ipmainder of the fall seinestei, and a prize of $10 •will be awaided to the freshman or sophomoie tuininip in the greatest number of correct solutions Solutions should be submitted on sepaiate signed sheets, within one week after the pioblem is published, and the sheet should include a signed stateUiept that the solution was obtained unassisted PROPLEM 2 Qne night three men, Smith, Brown and Jones, stole a hag of apples and hid them in a barn overnight, intending to meet in the morning to divide them equally During the night Smith went back to the barn alone, divided the apples into three equal piles and had one apple too many, which he threw away Smith took one pile and put the others back into the bag. A little later Brown came to the barn alone, divided the remaining apples into three equal piles With one too many, which he threw away Brown than took (me pile and put the remaining ones back into the hag. Then came Jones, who repeated what Smith and Brown had done before him In the morning the three met, saying nothing of what they had done during the night The remaining apples were
divided into three equal piles, with still one apple too many How many applet were therp in the bag at
the beginning.
Last Week’s Problem Thuty one solutions of Pioblem 1 woie turned in to the Math depaitmertt and twenty nine of these had the coirect answei of 3 miles per hour Most of the solutions weie done with algebra The problem, and a solution, woiked out by a fieshman with pure leasoning, follow
PROBLEM 1
A man IS rowing upstieam and the wind blows his hat off and it falls into the water It being dll Old hat, he decides to let it go Ten minutes later he changes his mind and turns aropnd and rows back to get the hat which had floated downstream When he picks up the hat he notices that it has floated downstream one mile How wast does the river flow’
SOLUTION
“Since the rate of flow of the stieam affects both the hat and the boat it will take the same time to go back and get the hat as it did to go upstieam Thus the hat has traveled one mile in twenty minutes Theiefore the stream must flow at the late of 3
miles pei hour
University Calendar Week of September 20-26
Sunday, September 20
2 30 PM 7 SO PM
9 00 AM ao 00 A M 12 00 Noon 6 SOP M 7 30 PM 7.30PM
Cosmopolitan Club Reception Lutheran Students Meeting
E Faculty Lge , Union Room 307 Union
Monday, September 21
Debris Senior Proofs E Reception Rm, Union County Agents Meeting R 304 E Fac Lg Union Agricultuial Staff Luncheon W Faculty Lge , Union Tippecanoe Teachers Fed Dinner Old Chestnut Rm , Union Nutrician Gioup Room 261 Union Civilian Defense Group W Faculty Lge , Union
Hockema, Scarseth OnVe
(Continued fiom page 1)
the stadium will fly flags which w ill oe lighted thioughout the peifoim ance On the fai noith side of the stadium will fly the flag that was on the White House flag pole on
the day of December 7 Sign Bond Pledge Cgrds
No cash will be paid foi bonds in the stadium As each spectatoi comes into the stadium he will le ceive a pledge caid On the caids the. bond buyex will state how inanj bonds he will buy wheie he will buy them and that he will buy them within the next thuty days Duiing the course of the evening these caids will be collected and the lun ning lesults tabulated on the lighted electiic scoieboard to be elected on top of the football scoieboaid Re suits will also be announced liom time to time ovei the public addiess
system
Collecting the bond leceipts will be 160 persons inembeis of com munity oiganizations 72 Victoiy Belles and 18 Minute Women undci the diiection of Maiy Wagnei 0 Neil, 50 membeis of non academ 1C soioiities undei the diiection of Ambeth Keikei and a gioup under the direction of Bert Loeb called the Mam Street Commandos With the collection of each pledge card the bond buyer pledge will receive a personally autographed ceitificaTe by Dorothy Lamorii which will also cany a picture of the populuai scieen star Woid was received this v/eek that the United States Steel Band and Choious which was originally scheduled to appear on the program will not be able to attend In its place on the program the Zouaves wilj perform
Will Speak To Ags Prof F C Hockema assistant to the president, and Dr George Scar seth of the agricultural staff will be the principal speakers at the regular monthly agricultural staff luncheon to be held tomorrow noon in the Union Piof Hockepra will discuss “The University Policy on Military Serv ice” and Di Scarseth will speak on “Our American Neighborhood” In his talk Scarseth will present his observations of Pan Americans re lations as viewed on a trip to Cen tral America during the past sum
mer
Glenn Sample of the publicity office, IS chairman of the committee in charge of arrangements Other members of the committee are Prof J T Frost Prof R B Withrow and Viigmia Lee Merry-Go-Round (Continued fiom page 1) bought two fine faims in neaiby Surrey County North Carolina and settled down to enjoy then earn ings The two farms were on oppo site sides of Stuart Creek and the twins solved the living pioblem by alternating between the two farms, week and week about Both couples had children Chang and his wife Adelaide had three children one of whom was a daugh ter named Lizzie The twin families lived and prospered on the fine creek bottom land, and in due time Lizzie mail led Caleb H Haynes of
Mount Aliy N C
Son of this mariiage is the pres cnt bombing expert Colonel Caleb Vance Haynes who has letuined with a vengeance to the land of his forefatheis Last week the Piesi dent lecommended him for promo tion as Brigadiei Geneial in the
Aimy All Foice
Note—Accoiding to Congressman John H Folger who lives three doors from the Colonel s father in Mount Any the Haynes and Bunk er families aie among the finest in
Noifh Caiohna War Flashes
Fear of the Russian winter is not the chief reason for Hitler’s hurrj to take the Caucasus but rather the fact that it w ill take him about eight months to repair Russia’s scorched earth oil fields, and Hitler will need ml for a long war Hitler’s hurrj also is to relieve air power now concentrated in South Russia for other fronts (1) Rommel, (2) to combat L S British fliers over Germanj , (3) to head off 8 SeeoiMi Front Ihe best mill tary news that has come f roin the batttefronts lately is that Hitler duean’i have enough planes tor real offensives in Egypt Russia and for protection at home simulaweously Dr. f. F, Pegering of the Univeisitj chcniistiy depaitmcnt has wntten a new text book which was published lecciitlj Dj Degciipg designed the book for tollegi use and be was aided in its jiiepaiation by 106 collaboiatoi s lioip the field of indu^tiial chtm
istry
me dWGEST NAME mio... fOtTON LEWlS.Ji^
Notices
History Gov and Econ C Removal Examinations for the removal of conditions and incompletes in Hist Econ and Gov will be held on Sat Oct 10 at 1 p m in loom 313 of the recitation building Appli cation must be made in advance —ESTEY POMM Meet at the Aimory at 4 H p m Wednesday Sept 23 for the picnic All who wish to go swimming, must bring suits —MORGAN Debris Pictures Coop Houses SCA Board Bivouac Sc ibbaid and Blade POMM Zouaves and Virginia C Meredith Club liesdaj Sopt *^2 staring at pm -'BADGER • Jr and Sr Enlisted Reservists All jun lors and sei oib n tl e Enlisted Reserve Corps who are interested in taking the course m Leadership Military Courtesy and Discipline and Organization of the Army should sign p in tie Aljitaits Office in the Armory prior to September 23 —GRAHAM Summer Marriage Course Enrollees Promised booklets from Dr. Burkhart are in the office of Dr. Wilkening dean of men those who lesiie maj obtain them y calling anytime from 0 to 4 p m —PATRICK Triton There will be a picnic at the WAA cabin instead of regular meeting Tuesday Suit 22 Thos who ue going shoul 1 sign the paper on the bulletin board next to tl oir c in tl c M no 1 1 Gyn befoie noo 1 Monday Sept 21 Price 25c. Meet at G\m n T les lay at 30 —BROWNE Chemistry 3 and 4 Examinations for re mo al of eon 1 tion % 11 b offered Septem b r 2( 11 1 00 I m PEARCE Presidents of Scholastic Honoraries Ibere \mI1 be an mpoitait meeting next Monday at 4 lo m the Senate Office Plan for sen ior day and parade will be discussed. Please plan to attend or send a representative
NEFF
English and Speech Conditional Exami nations Examinations for the removal of conditions in English and Speech will be given on Saturday Oct 10 from 1 to 1 n Room 201 Un v r uy Hall Removal f cond t 01 ca ds obta \ 1l at the Ei ghsh Ole si 11 be p } ily file 1 ul an 1 the V2 00 fc I aid I iioi t the examii ation
CREEK
Tumors and Siphomores Ih i h be n Cl ab r Lh luota f the A Iv me I Cour e ROIC All bt 11 tb vh h v com yl ted the lasie c ursu ROTC nd wh have thr e or fo r ter in the Un v ib ty nd who des i Iv nco I M I t ry tr n ng c CIII McMal n n th \im rv f r det nib MeMAKLN
GREETING CARbS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University iook Store Across From Union A SommonB 29 * Doc** Epplo *40
Union CpmmlttedoMneting* 4.,00, Moixlpv in Union Oilice* . A Personnel Elennpr Bellnmy Barrett Billica Beryl Burch I ou Calderelli Jo anne Fountaine Virprinia Georpre Alice Jane Gray Bette Gustapon L h Jean Klien Charles Way Thor Nyp^ep L,PI® Peiman John Wooling Caroline Negcr B Publicity Len R Cohn Dick Gollic ter Jim Craig Wally BHifrit Jinj Flapa gan Joan Goss Jean Holtaon Pat jHUher Miti^i Konictk HoSpnn |Crohn l^eij Robertson Leslie Smith Jim Tillotson Beulah Van Camp Harriet Whyte C Browsing Room David Apee Virginia Aimstrong Wayne Brewer Haney Denby Joanne Ember Ken Hillard Jehti Illyes Wilma Kinet Jim Merkel Claus Nacke Maria Pagarula Miriam Price Caroline
Snydei
D Recreation Robert Blake Paul Blake IV Mary Bowlley Betty Cantley James C( mella Nell Diiacoll Evelyn Edely Katie Gannon Phil Gerkins Bette Lu KruduP iBtty Purcell Tom Ketchann Jane Sebutt
George Slater Doug Smith
E Camera and Clubs Dick Clearwater Wally Cook Santo Formica Anita Gluck BetsV Jansing Richard Lach Arnetta Me Kenzie Pat Patrick Nedya Ann pierce Mike Reynolds June Sandet Jim Stallings
Patricia Tuhey Johpn Wismer
r Defense Henry Curry Hairiet A"" Drald; Gordon Goodman Barbara Hipstind lames James Jack NacNyrry Martha Me Culloch Ruth Mathis Bob Martin Betty Lou oMrrow George Quick Bob Senour Betty Jean Swanson Sue Snyder Gene
Wembie
G Music Room Will Bair SMrley Cho Tien Judy Jones Alvin Kapltn Dutb Levin Bill Paisley ClaytQp Pinery Lois Jtemmers Louise Ruberikoenig Emanan Santini Bob Stallings Bob VanVeld Martha White head Jerry Weinberg Clayton Woodward
Carol Eiward Elaine DeTobn
English and Speech Conditional Exams Examinations for the removal of conditions in English and Speech will be given on Saturday afternoon October 10 from 1 to 4 in Room 201 University Pall Removal of condition cards obtainable at the Eng libh Office should be properly filled out and the 12 00 fee paid prior to the examination
—CREEK
Frying Club Important meeting Tuesday Sept 22 at 7 16 p m in room 302 of the Union All those interested in joining the club please attend —CROW Alpha Zeta Meeting in room 30'' of the Union at 7 30 p m Tuesday Sept 2'' All members please be present
—DIESSLIN
Enlisted Reserve Oorps Juniors and sen lors desiring to entep the Enlisted Reserve Corps are again reminded that the quota is limited and those desiring to enlist should apply in Room B4 in the basement of the
Armory as soon as possible
—GRAHAM
Siiiiil and Creitccjit Moctinp Tkurpday, September 22, at 7 p m in the Union Roohi will be ann >iinced later —piNG POMM All who^wish to attend the picnic Wednesday September 21 please sign the loll on the bulletirii boaid MORGAN Christian PoundaVtion Freshman Associa tion Get acquaintcil meeting to be held ajt the Foundation Hduse 131 S Grant St Tuesday'night at j 30 All freshmen ape welconle 4 .—NUSH
Omega national scciuting and sciyice honor ary fraternity will] hold an open meeting Tuesday Sept 22 at 7 30 p m in room 304 Of the Union Prof Phillips will talk on the subject 9 merica Is Beautiful Everyone is cordialliy invited
I —BENRER
Debria Photograpipv Staff Debris photog raphy stkff sophomoK s apd juniors meeting
Tuesday Sept 22 at, 4 45 p m
—WALKER
Outinif Club Get acquainted party Sun day afternoon Sept '20 Meet at the Armory at 3 p m For reservations call Gail Hennis at 16614 or Ed Paul'son at 76632 by Sunday noon There will be a small charge for re freshments —GALBRAITH POMM Debris picture Tuesday Sept, 22 at 7 30 p m in the south ballroom of the Union Full uniform with blouse and Sam Browne belt Bequired All pledkes ■ IN
Lost—Black wallet name Byron Pigg in side Phono 4916
Lost—Blac)t change purse approifimatily $9 Near Purdue Ranch Reward Phone
2439
TypewPiters Repaired All makes Work guaranteed Bates reasonable Monty Montana Wesley Foundation 436 State Phope 6976 For Sale—Matched set Wilson golf clubs Phone 6996 Ask for Nick Money to loan on diamonds watches guns luggage typeyvritePs Alberts Loan Office 407 Columbia Typewritera—Artrting maenlnes all makes sold rented, repaired tind purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Main Lafpligffe Plyone ^778, , ^ i
Will pay cash for any old or n bicycles Kiger Shell Service, NQrth
Jti Rolnmbia
lost—A black and silver Shcaffer pencil with initials DAS Reward Call 8418 Room 3313 ^ For Bent—One single poom 469 N fleUfp bury Phone 6B6()1 Lost—Liberty bicycle Left Sept 10 Ip m fiont of Cary HaU Southwest Pnoh* 8421 Reword Leroy Buck
P PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service , SOUTH WORTH'$,
bhould attend
-JACKSO
Zouaves Debris p?;icture Tuesday Sept 22 at 40 p m in the south ballroom of the Union Winter ^niform with blouse
should be worn
-JACKSON
Scabbard and Bladei Debps picture vyill be taken Tuesday eveming at 7 p m in the bouth ballroom of the Union Everyone be there in full uniform with blouses and Sam Browne belts ! —SPENCEE Scabbard and Blade An important meet inK will be held Wedne;sday evening m the Union buildinfx at 7 30 p m The new pledges will be choseiu This is a stab meeting —SPENCEE
Classified Ads
Wanted—Student with experience in tt dio service work with time available to act as shop assistant Phone 4 )00 The Poster Shop
Goodi^Prafting Comes Ea^
.... to the man who uses MiCROTO^IC 'fVAN DYKE" Drawing Pencils with their Hi-DENSITY LEAD.... For school work they have the notable advantage of drawing lines that are easy to erase, and are more generally smudge proof.... At your suppily store
EBERHARD FABER IN FINE WRITING MATERIALS SINC^ 31849
Debris Picture Schedules Tuesday Night, Sept. ZZ, in South Bailrpopifi
7:0Q 7:20 7:40 7:50 Coop 8:00 5:10 8:20 8:30 8:40 8:50
Scabbard and Blade POMM Zouaves FAO Sophs Houses— Bivouac Ann Tvreedale Antigonish Glenwood Novadale Shoemaker '
9:00 SCA Board 9:10 Chauncey 9:20 Circle Pine#
9:30 Opyer 9:40 Kneale 9:50 Luma
10:00 Marjvood
10:10 Qvrep
10:20 Roachiciele 10:30 Sabsbpry j 10:40 Wesley Boys 10:30 Westminster
/
Wednesday Night, Sept. 23, in South Ballroom
7:30 Iota Lambda Sigma 7:40 Debate Forensic Managers 7:50 Debate, Varsity 8:00 Pefaate, Freshman 8:10 Debate, Coed
8:20 SAE 8:30 V. C. Meredith 8^40 Dairy Clpb 8:50 Ag. Ed. Society 9:00 WBAA 9:10 ASCE, 2nd group
Men please wear coats and ties
Reganlless of Ihe War they hire
\
•RkC¥-f0 SC«0Ok
Inese tempestuous times are awakening ^ American parents ^to^^a^greater*realization that our childrens’"education must go on” regardless of war. We realize more vividly than ever^that post-war^America^ must ^ find our youngsters prepared for a life where trained minds will be needed to see them through. "k So back to school they go. And it’s up to lis oldsters to keep them studying and progressing. Progress in school doesn’t depend alone on a child’s mental ability. Careful tests have proved that good fighting can have a real effect on the achievements of students. Accord*
ingly many schools have now modei*nlzed^|i/;jlr classrooms^with "better light”.., but 0oo4 light is even more important in the h^me^ Qo/^s yomr child have a <]uiet, convenlei^t place to Study his homewprk? Is it well lighted? ★ Many R''nervous,” pr"backward,’’phild simply a normal child tormented by the strain of ^reading or studying under poor light. /| k Let us help with your home ligKtjlpgv-.caj| our office any time and a qualified lighting specialist will gladly advise with ypp. Don’t neglect your childrens’ precious eyesight.
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA,
IM€p
A
J. A.
I ) I