© the Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 162 April 24, 1938
The Week's NEWS
NATIONAL Coal Dust . . . . . . exploding in Grundy, Viigmia’s Keen Mountain mine Friday shot flames 200 feet from the shaft entrance, hurled an eightton’motor and building down the mountainside, completely wrecked the main shafts of the mine. Twenty-two bodies have been removed and all but four identiyfied. Indications make a final death toll of 41 seem likely. Intense heat and debris from fallen slate and coal slowed down lescue work of the 400 men quickly enlisted from three states. I’m Eager . . . ... to stait playing ball again!” grinned 23-year-old outfielder Joe DiMaggio Thursday after ending his spring contract holdout to sign with the New York Yankees for $25,000. Joe had first demanded $35,000; later raised his price to $40,000. Charged . . . . . . with selling “obscene and indecent” literature and pictures. Life Magazine Publisher Eoy E. Larsen faced trial in a New York Special Sessions Court this week. Larsen’s alleged crime concerned the sale of the April 11th Life, which contained still pictures and tekt from the motion picture “The Birth of a Baby.” Collapsing... . . . roof structure of a two story Phenix City, Ala., cafe building Friday killed 22 negroes and injured 83 more. Two days before on Wednesday, a small portion of the roof had fallen, slightly injuiing 10. WASHINGTON Continuing . . . . . . his search for means of stepping up business recovery. President Roosevelt this week invited Motor Magnate Henry Ford to the White House for a discussion of depression problems. Said Henry, upon accepting the invitation to dine on Capitol Hill next Wednesday, “I want to give the President a chance to look at somebody who doesn’t want anything.” Staunchly maintaining that he would not give any advice. Ford did say his solution to presentday problems would be a “back to the farm movement.” Roosevelt’s . . . ... 4 1-2 billion dollar spending grogram, introduced in his fireside (Continued on page 4)
Hoffman. Turner To Retire June 30
Retiring Men
San Carlo Troupe Will Present 'Carmen' Tomorrow Evening At 8 In Jeff Gym Actois of the San Cailo tioupe who will present “Carmen” in Radio City two weeks from today will give the opera in Jefferson High School Gym tomorrow night at 8 o’clock. Main characters in the cast are: the title role mezzo-soprano, Maru Castagna, who is a gorgeous gypsy cigaiette-maker; the bullfighting baritone, Escamillo; and the infatuated sergeant, Don Jose,
w'ho sings tenor.
The performance will be inci eased in entertainment value by the ballet group, and Cailo Pe-
roni’s orchestra
Professor J. T. Gunn stated last night that this convo “will be the best one of them all ” This last convocation of the year is open to the general public, but probably only the gallery tickets, priced at one dollar, will be available. No seats will be reserved, but those presenting University pass-books will be admitted to the main floor.
Librarian Will Speak On ‘CarmeW At 4 Today Speaking at the last meeting in the music appreciation lecture series at 4 o’clock this afternoon in the music room of the Union, Miss Rachel Schenk, of the University library staff, will give short biographical sketches of some of the great artists who played in the opera “Carmen” that will be enacted here tomorrow night. Miss Schenk will also present records of the more familiar parts of the opera and give a short history of opera in general.
Prof. W. B. Turner “I’ll hardly know what to do with myself. I’ve given everything I could to the job, to train young men coming to Purdue. I have done my best to aid in the development of the University,” remarked Prof. W. P. Turner when interviewed yesterday afternoon in his office. Turner came to the University from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and was employed immediately by W. F. M. Goss, (Continued on page 2
Visitors See Schools At Open House Friday
By G. J. Tafel Just five days from today, on Friday, visitors will throng the campus and University Buildings during the annual “open house,” when most of the University departments and schools will be thrown open so that the public may witness class instruction and research work. University officials expect 5,000 persons to visit the University during “open house” which will be held in connection with Gala Week and the annual Vocational Industrial and Industrial Arts Round-up for junior and senior high school students. Special Demonstrations “Open House” will be held from 1:30 to 4 o’clock in the afternoon
and from 7 to 10 o’clock in the evening. Visitors will witness special demonstrations in the Michael Golden Shops, ME, CE, Physics, and EE labs, and the locomotive museum. The schools of science, agriculture, pharmacy, and home economics will be open for inspection. Operations will go on as usual at the airport, library, men’s and women’s residence halls, the Fieldhouse, power house, and Armory as the visitors flock through the buildings. Corps To Parade Friday at 4 p. m. the University ROTC will hold a special military re'view in honor of visiting alumni. The entire corps, both brigades, will pass in review on intramural field. In the evening the
Zouaves will present a special drill at 9:45. Appearing o nthe campus for the Gala Week festivities will be members of the class of ’22, wearing the familiar steel grey “mortar board” caps with a purple tassle, their class colors. This class introduced to the University the custom of seniors wearing cap and gown at commencement. L. E. Martin, of Lafayette, secretary 0 fthe class expectes approximately 120 members of the class of ’22 to attend. “Open house” will be only one of the numerous highlights of Gala Week. From Friday through Sunday, University, Lafayette, and West Lafayette organizations will cooperate to present a weekend of festivities for the visitors.
The Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Occasional showers Sunday and Monday. No decided change in temperature. Yesterday’s Temperatures: Low 36; high, 61; mean, 48.
Prof. F. C. Beese To Fill Hoffman Vacancy; Two Retiring To Become Professors Emeritus Retirement June 30 of Prof. J. D. Hoffman, head of the practical mechanics department, and Prof. W. P. “Daddy” Turner, head of machine shop of that department, was announced yesterday by President E. C. Elliott following the approval of the Board of Trustees, 'Wednesday. Both men will become professor emeritus of practical mechanics. Pi of. C. W. Beese, who has' been with the University since ^ ^ Voice Regrets last September as professor of general engineering, will fill the place left vacant by Prof. Hoffman. A replacement for Pi of. Tuinei has not yet been an-
'nounced.
' First Under New Plan The two piofessors will be the first faculty members to retire under the University’s retirement pension plan. ' Professoi Tuinei is the oldest member of the faculty fn years of service, coming to Purdue in 1886. I Professor Hoffman became a member of the faculty in 1890, following his graduation from Purdue. He left the University in 1911, and served for six years on the University of Nebraska faculty. He returned to Purdue in 1917 to take over the position as head of the department of practical mechanics, left vacant by Michael Golden. For many years Professor Turner has served as marshal of the academic proceedings of baccalaureate and commencement and as chairman of the faculty committee on commencement.
Prof. J. D. Hoffman “I hate to think of retiring,” smiled Prof. J. D. Hoffman, in his home yesterday. “After 52 years of active service (counting the years I worked before entering Purdue), a man is a fool to quit working altogether. I think the retirement rule itself is a good
rule.
“There are three things I like about teaching: first, the associations you make; second, if you’re going to be any good at all you’re always a student youi'self, and never get out of the habit of study; and third, you can look over your product. There is a feeling you get from talking to alumni on their return visits, a feeling which seems to repay the lower salary you get as a teacher.” Professor Hoffman plans to spend more time on his hobby, heating and ventilating, he revealed with a smile. “If anyone had told me while I was an undergraduate at Purdue, I was going to teach, I would have laughed at him,” continued Professor Hoffman. “When I came here as a student in 1886, the Uni-versity wasn’t (Continued on page 2Twenty-five oil paintings, laigely landscapes by Pi of Kenneth Washburn, head of the painting and sculptuie depaitment of Coinell Univeisity aie on display in the music loom of the Memoiial Union Building this week Washbum will aiiive heie in peison tomoriow to give a senes of talks on ait dm mg the week Tuesday at 4 o’clock he will discuss the paintings on exhibit At 7 30 Wednesday evening. Washbum will speak to students and faculty in the faculty lounge on the subject “Ameiican Art” Fii day at 4 o’clock he will again talk about the paintings Satuiday morning at 9 and 10 o’clock he will speak in the home economics auditoiium on “What Makes a Gieat Woik of Ait Gieat Washburn has appealed in a gieat many cities of the United tition foi piovidmg 12 muials in States and lecently won a compethe Federal Building at Bing hampton N Y
lYPING—Theses and teim pa peis—Maiy Catheime Can oil Call 55684 at 1704 South stieet
lYPEWRITERS—Adding ma chines sold, pui chased lented and lepaiied Supplies Multigiaph and mimeogiaph woik C F Eb eishoff, 605 Mam stieet
Di Harvey N Davis, president of Stevens Institute of Technology at Hoboken, N J, and president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineeis, will visit the Univeisity Tuesday to speak befoie senioi engineeis on “The Engmeei and the Futuie” Joint authoi of two books, “Steam Tables and Diagrams,” and “Physical Physics foi High Schools,” Davis is also a membei of Phi Beta Kappa, Ameiican Academy of Aits and Sci ences, Washington Academy of Sciences, American Physics Society, American Mathematical So ciety, and Sigma Xi
In all cases of visiting caie must be taken of the desiie of the hostess, but smokeis often neglect to deteimme hei viewpoint on this subject In a home m which \oii know that other meinbeis ot that family smoke and that the hostess has no objection to it theie is no need to bothei to 6 sk the hostess pei mission to smoke If you alieady know that yom hostess objects to smoking by eith Cl man oi woman then despite yom uige to smoke you must no+ indulge while m hei house When you take a fiiend home on the othei hand it is yom duty to wain him oi hei of such dc sues 01 idiosynciacies of yom family—save him that bit of em baiiassment
Starting TODAY — also — LATEST NEWS EVENTS
veiy laige Theie were only about 300 students and a faculty staff of 15 or 16, which included everything from piofessois to assist ants ” Only two Gieek letter fiatei iiities weie on the campus at the time of Hoffman’s undeigraduate days, namely. Sigma Chi and Kappa Sigma The University president, Di White, was radi cally against fraternities, and ruled them off the campus The state legislature, however, ruled that the University could have fiateinities and soiorities Fust campus newspaper was ihe Purdue, which died an eaily death because of ladical policies In 1889 the Exponent was boin Its first business managei was young Hoffman
schedules have been posted m the various campus buildings lentative examination arrangements appealed Satuiday morning and conflicts mil be asked foi dm mg the coming week
H Kenn Carmichael stated yesterday that petitions for managerial positions on the Playshop board must be in the Playshop office in Fowler Hall by noon tomorrow He also said that petitioneis should include in then petitions the amount of previous stage work Geoige Glovei, present production managei, said, “Petitioners will be given oppoitumty to work foi two weeks on ‘Squaring the Glide’ to piove then ability” The following positions aie to be filled business, stage, produc tion, advertising, and property managers costume, house, makeup and ait chairmen secretary, and electrician
PIA s tea dance yesteidav aft Cl noon atti acted some 200 persons to the Memorial Union ballroom The dance lasted from 3 to 5 30, with lefieshmcnts of ice cream, cake and coffee being served to the ciitiie group shortly befoie 5 0 clock Bob Shinn and his PIA oichcstia supplied the music
(Continued from page 1)
later dean of engineering, who was then organizing engineering courses at the 12 year old Purdue University Turner became assistant in charge of forge and machine shop which could accommodate but 12 students at a time Now the Mi chael Golden Shops can accoin modate 540 students at a time During his 52 years here, nearly all students enrolled in engineer mg have been in his classes When Turner came to the Uni veisity, all the land east of the mam north south road and north of the east west road was planted 111 corn On the upper floors of Building No 2 was the school ot phai macy while the basement was headquarters for the entire engi peering school West Lafayette watei was obtained from tv ) wells Tuinei spends his summers at Isle au Haut, Me , where he puts 111 most of the time boating in the watei s of his native state He will continue to reside m Lafay ette Turner is the authoi of ‘ Ma chine Tool Work,” a textbook that IS used m most American colleges including Purdue
The
San Carlo Grand Opera Company
Fortune Gallo, Managing Director
m
Bizet’s
CARMEN
9?
MARU CASTAGNA AROLDO LINDI
MOSTYN DAVIS LEOLA TURNER
And the all-star cast that is to present “Carmen” within two weeks in the first grand opera engament ever affered in Radio City. Dances by the San Carlo Opera Ballet Jefferson High School Gymnasium Monday, April 25 8 p. m. General Admission $1.00. No Reserved Seats Tickets on sale at Decker s, Reisner’s, Southworth’s or at the ticket window. Auspices: Purdue Lectures and Convocations—
Sunday# April 24, 1938
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Baseball Squad Defeats Minnesota, 5-3
Officials Announce
SDX Banquet Menu
Epicurean students, faculty members, and townspeople will seat themselves before a carefully selected dinner Tuesday at 6:30 p. m. at the Sigma Delta Chi Gridiron Banquet in the ballroom ol the Memorial Union Building, Said SDX President Hugh Forstei last night, “The menu was selected with great care and deliberation, and should prove to be satisfying to the most particular gourmet.” Starts With Cocktail Staiting with a fruit cocktail, banqueteers will then be served soup, after which the main course of broiled steak, new creamed potatoes, buttered peas, and spring salad will be placed before them, Eelishes, rolls, butter, and jam will accompany the main course. 'Vpple pie with cheese, and coffee will be the dessert.
Tennis Team Drops Meet To Wildcats
Northwestern University’s tennis team trounced Purdue 9-0 yesterday aftei'noon in a meet held on the varsity courts.
Six of Coach LaBree’s men fell before the Wildcat onslaught in the singles matches, while the Purple also took all three doubles matches. The Boilermakers were unable to win a set in the entire meet.
FACULTY MEETING
The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, April 25, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott, Px’esident.
Heiss Fans Ten As Boilermakers
Take Second Tilt From Gophers
Purdue’s diamond squad made a clean sweep of its two game series with Minnesota by defeating the visiting Gophers yesterday afternoon, 6-3, on the new diamond back of the Fieldhouse, giving the Boilermakers two wins and no losses in Big Ten competition.
Stu Heiss, Purdue’s sophomore hurler, was the stellar performer of the afternoon. Although the Boilermakers were behind for the first six innings, it didn’t seem to rattle Stu a bit. He gave up six hits and fanned 10, equalling Arnold Bredewater’s strike out record in the first game of the series on Friday.
Schultz, starting Gopher pitcher, who allowed seven hits, stayed until the eighth inning. In that frame, when the first two men up drove out a homer and a triple, respectively, he was replaced by Sowa, who retired the next three men, but allowed Mackiewicz to come home. Minnesota took an early lead. In the first inning Fossum, the lead-off man drew a walk, and was sent home on Kundla’s triple. The Gophers added two more tallies in the sixth, when King drove
out a homer in right field with Becker on first. Purdue got started in its half of the sixth. A triple by Ross Dean, a walk, and two errors all contributed to giving the Boilermakers three runs. It looked for a time as if the game might go into extra innings, but Purdue’s two runs in their half of the eighth put the game on ice. The Boilermakers play their next game this Tuesday, when they meet St. Joseph College here. Although a small school, St. Joseph has the reputation of having a good baseball team. One of the members of the DePauw squad, which beat Purdue here recently, said that St. Joseph had the best team they had met on their training trip.
The box score:
Minnesota Fossum, rf Kundla, lb Becker, cf Roy, cf King, If Moore, c Lindeberg, c Lee, ss Sobczyk,3b Masologitis, 2b
AB. R. H. E.
3 4 2 1 . 3 3
i O F G\Rt.S" •MOO laAGVR'-"'-
Intramurals
FRATERNITY BASEBALL TOMORROW Diamond 1— Sigma Chi vs. Phi Delta Theta. 2— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Delta Tau Delta. 3— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Delta Upsilon. 4— Theta Xi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 6—Pi Kappa Phi vs. Theta Tau. 6— Delta Chi vs. Phi Pi Phi. 7— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Acacia. 8— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 9— Phi Gamma Delta vs Alpha Gamma Rho. 10— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon
X Knox Schultz, p Sowa, p
Totals .32 3 6 4 (x) Batted for Masologitis in 9th.
Purdue Hearne, 2b Dean, rf Dickinson, cf Mackiewicz, 3b Vernon, If Thompson, ss Waling, lb x Krause Doan, lb McAfee, c Heiss, p
AB. R. H. E.
Totals
29
(x) Batted for Waling in 6th. Minnesota 100 002 000—3 6 4 Purdue 000 003 02x—5 7 2 Batteries: Minnesota, Schultz, Sowa, and Moore, Lindeberg. Purdue, Heiss and McAfee. Home runs—King and Dickinson. Three base hits—Kundla, Dean, and Mackiewicz. Wild pitches—Heiss, 3. Struck out—by Sowa, 1; by Heiss, 10. Bases on balls—Schultz 1; Heiss, 3. Hit by pitcher—by Schultz, Hearne. Umpii-es Kramer and McCullough.
ARC
SUNDAY — MONDAY
V COLUMBIA PICTURE —Also—• WALT DISNEY CARTOON
STARTS TODAY
-LAST TIMES TODAYBob Allen in “RANGERS STEP IN’
IMIMA
Jones Family in “BIG BUSINESS”
PAINTED STALLION”THE PURDUE EXPONENT
The Week's NEWS
(Continued from page 1) chat last week—got off to a flying start Tuesday. House members rushed through a 903 million dollar appropriation bill . . . containing 201 millions for building new roads. Not a voice was I’aised in protest against the huge allocation, almost double the estimate made prior to the President’s speech. Definite . . . . . . action is promised soon in the Tennessee Valley Authority probing. Long arguments over the selection of joint committeemen for investigation came to an end Wednesday with the appointment of Republican Senator J. J. Davis, Pa. Davis will take the committee post spurned by Senator Arthur Capper, Kansas Republican. Public hearings are being arranged for immediately after the adjournment of congress. f BUSINESS Strikes... . . . crippled sections of industry this week. In Detroit Thursday strikes closed the eight plants of Bohn Aluminum and Brass Corporation. This action brings the number of industrial units shut down by labor trouble to 11. On the same day in Flint, Mich., 3,700 employees of General Motors’ Fisher Body plant No. 1 re-tiu-ned to work after a three-day hold-out. The strike resulted from a picketing campaign of United Auto Workers to collect union dues. Business . . . ... is down, but employment and payrolls are up. This was the report of Indiana University’s Business Research Bureau in regard to economic conditions in Indianapolis last month. While a drop of 6.2 points occurred in the state general business, employment in the city increased 2 per cent and payrolls jumped up 2 per cent. Three . . . . . . officers of the recently defunct brokerage concern of Hoaglund and Allum remained in the county jail while clients of the Chicago partnership presented evidence to the grand jury Friday for bringing embezzlement action against the three brokers. All three have confessed. Another . . . . . , inquiry into the business affairs of a brokerage firm got under way in Peoria Tuesday. Regional Administrator W. McNeil of the United States Securities and Exchange commission started an investigation into the affairs of the N. L. Rogers company, which filed a plea of voluntary bankruptcy a few days before. Lia-
bilities wei’e estimated at more than $350,000. WAR Forming . . . ... a pocket of 625 square miles and entrapping thousands of government troops, Spanish insurgent forces surrounded Tortosa, Catalonian province city, Tuesday. Hard-pressed goveimment leaders took steps to eliminate discord from their ranks in that sector by executing five malcontents in the grim castle of Mont Juich. General Fi’anco landed lihrge numbers of fighting men from the Balearic Islands on the Ebro river delta Monday. Insurgent ships, led by the cruiser Canarias, captured or sunk about 20 fishing smacks in which government militiamen were attempting to sail from Catalonia farther south along the coast to join the main loyalist forces under Gen. Jose Miaja. Japan . . . . . . launched a new thrust Tuesday to avenge her recent stinging defeats at the hands of Chinese in Lini province. Thousands of Chineses soldiers were poured into that sector this week to reinforce southeastern Shantung province defense lines against an expected Japanese offensive there. Foreign military observers in the area predicted the situation would develop into the biggest conflict ot the war in the East. In retaliation for their reverses in Shantung province, Japanese forces opened a drive against the Chineses guerillas in Honan province this week, killing 7,000 and wounding at least 23,000 more. Munitions taken in the fighting include 300 machine guns, 30 howitzers, hundreds of smaller guns and huge quantities of ammunition. FOREIGN English . . . . . . newspapers view the week-
old Anglo-Italian accoi’d as a defeat for British diplomacy. The agreement will not become effective until Mussolini withdraws his forces from Spain. Even the most optimistic foreign correspondent does not believe that Italy will call back her troops from Spain until rebel General Francisco Franco wins the war. If England is to benefit from the Italian pact, she must allow a rebel victory. Haile Selassie . . . . . . Emperor of Ethiopia, intends to strip a cog in England’s plan to force the League of Nations into recognizing Italy’s conquest of African territory. Selassie says he will defend his cause personally at the League’s meeting in
May.
France...
Sinking
stroyed last December 12 by Jap-
anese bombers.
Improve Your BALLROOM DANCING Enroll in Our NEW ADVANCED CLASS Friday, April 22 7:30 P. M. Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Otto E. May CANDIDATE FOR COUNTY AUDITOR
Republican Ticket Primary May 3
“For The Town’s Best Milkshake” FAIRMAN BROS. West Lafayette, Ipdiana
Hints . . . . . . of a Roumanian fascist coup came from Bucharest Wednesday. Eighteen hundred Fascists have been arrested this week and preparations for trials are being arranged. Correspondents in the Balkans feel that the arrests will act as a boomerang to Fascism. The younger supporters of the movement have been told by their leaders to remain outwardly quiet while recruits are mustered to the
Ward Baaeball: Men hvlnjr in wards having no baseball team may, upon written request to the intramural office play with some other ward. The following wards have no baseball team: 1, 2, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, and 14. (4-30) —MIDDLETON.
Notices
Camera Club: The exhibit entry blanks that were sent out need the followinir corrections. The final entry date is Monday, April 25. Prints will be collected at the Student Union office between 4 and 6 '.SO p. m. Late entries may be submitted to me at the Theta Chi house the same evening. In the Advanced Amateur division, all prints must absolutely be the work of the individual entrant, but entrants in the Amateur division are nat held to this rule. Mounting materials are now available in the Student Union Office. —DERNER.
Swimmers: The first regular life-saving ■lass will be held Monday, April 25 from 7 until 9 p. m. at the Fieldhouse. Applicants not yet enrolled may do so at this time. ■—PENNY.
Reamer Club: Impoitant meeting tomorrow night, April 25, in the Union at 7 o’clock. Pledges and active members be sure to come. Inquire at west desk for room. —ROSS.
k • tile Purdue Exponent n -— ________________________
Service
Directory e
° • Bookstores
• Ayto Rental
: "DEAC'^
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself
Everything for a
College Education
THAYER'S GARAGE
1 H. G. REISNER
Across irom Methodist Church
WEST LAFAYETTE
SOUTHWORTH'S
Phone 51784
• Florist
1 Everything for the Purdue Student
Inc.
• Professional
635 Main St. in Lana Theatre Bnilding
Phone 7955—8050
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
• Dine
DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
Have Your
4th <& Main Phone 5701
BEST MEAL
at the
YODER TEACHERS AGENCY
NU CHINA CAFE
(licensed)
Free Enrollment
409 Columbia
Lowest Commission North Manchester, Ind.
• Tin Shop
Especially need Agriculture, Home
Economics, Music, Art, Commerce, Industrial Arts, Physical Ed., and
JOHN BALKEMA
Librarians.
TIN SHOP
• Locksmith
Carl G, Butz, Mgr. Sheet Metal and Furnace
LAWN MOWERS
Work of All Kinds
NEW—USED—SHARPENED New Mowers 6.5O and up. Delivery service on Mowers. MULHAUPT'S
104 Main St. Phone 6852
• Beauty Studio
•
Phons 2828-209-11 N. 5ih St.
• Printing
EXCLUSIVE
BEAUTY SERVICE
ni^INTING
• Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri.
Office stationery . . LI H Wedding Invilationt
KIENLY
PHONE * Sale. Books, Etc. .. .
BEAUTY STUDIO
2 62 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRY
662 Main Phono 7727