\ ..
Purdue
Z-1«S
Exponent V\ '
Volume 5L No. 119
Susiday# Febracnir 2S, 1940 assmssasssssBaBsaaBM
A w..k.. w.? 1 Rivetm Whiii Wisconsin, M-45
ByJ.H.McKee I M '
By J.H. McKee
Reminiscenf Of The Union Seizure Of Confederate ... citizens from the British steamer Trent'in American Civil War days and of Britain’s seizure recently of German seamen from a Japanese vessel was the rescue of 299 British seamen prisoners from the German vessel Altmark while in Norwegian waters last week-end. The Altmark, which served as an armed tender for the German pocket battleship Admiral Graf Spee, was carrying her prisoners of war back to Germany when the destroyer Cossack drove her into one of the many fjords denting the Norwegian coastline, and removed the seamen after hand to hand fighting with the Altmark’s crew. Questions of international law
, ♦ Varsity Show Selects ^Sweethearts^
Shawn Dancers To Perform At Convo
immediately arose. Throughout the week reverberations of the incident were heard. Britain charged that Norway violated international law by allowing the Altmark, with prisoners of war aboard, to pass through her territorial waters. She also charged that Norway failed to observed the Altmark’s true character, claiming that she was an armed merchantman. Norway countered with the charge that Britain broke all laws by attacking the ship in neutral waters. Germany made threats of unrestricted reprisals against Great Britain. In Self Defense Norway’s Foreign Minister, Halvdan Koht, defended the passage of the ship through Norwegian waters, saying, “There is no international rule forbidding a warring nation from transporting prisoners of war through neutral waters.” Great Britain Will Not . .. make the next move for peace in Europe, that move will have to come from the German Feuhrer, said Prime Minister Neville Ghamberlain yesterday. “No peace is possible while the present political regieme is in power and while Poland and Czechoslavakia are under Nazi domination. Under the present German government there can be no peace,” the prime minister said. If Germany could give believable proof that she was desirous for peace, England would mako every effort to gain that end,” he said In The Northern Theater . . . Russia continued her three week-old drive on the Mannerheim defenses, but Finns hoped that the increasing cold and snows would impede the mechanized portions of the attack and would temporarily halt action. Finland’s need for outside manpower was shown again last week when men between the ages of 41 and 46 were called to the colors. No measurable aid in manpower has been forthcoming despite promises to the contrary. Taking Pari* In The . .. largest mass bombing attacks in aviation history, Russia sent 800 bombing planes over south Finland last week, supporting artillery thrusts at the Mannerheim Line, which protects the city of Viipuri Germany resumed her air raids over Britain’s eastern coastline during the week. At least 10 British vessels were bombed and machine-gunned. One casuality was reported by th^ British admiralty. They reported two Nazi planes shot down. Early Last Week . . . Russian^ planes reportedly bombed the Swedish town of Pajala, setting fire to the business and residential sections of the town. This was the second violation of Swedish neutrality. January 14 Russian planes dropped bombs on the Kallaks Islands in the Gulf of Bothnia, but no damage was done. Tass, official Russian news agency, denied the accusations. At the same time Tass denied rumors that Russia had demanded additional naval and military bases jn Latvia, Esthonia, and
Lithuania.
If Was Reported . . . that during the week British and French naval vessels were being massed in arctic waters to effect a blockade of the north Russian ports. Allied forces hope to stop any possible transportation between Russia and Germany. They also hope to thwart any transferal of Russian
submarines to the German navy. It has been reported that German vessels have been in contact with Russia since the outbreak of the
In South-eastern Europe .' . . Rumania ordered the last units of her reserves to report to mobilization centers, as the threat of war in that section of the wartorn continent became more intimate. By the first of March Rumania hopes to have two million men in the field. During the week large supplies of war materials were “dumped” along her frontier defenses. Work on her western fortications was rushed, but will not be finished before the first of May. Possible Rumanian defiance of German demands for more control in the southeast may be boosted by the arrival of large Allied military units in the Near East. Harold E. Dahl . .. American aviator for ‘the Loyalists, and seven other prisoners of war, were released last week by the Franco government in Spain. They are now enroute to the United States. Dahl first received notoriety when his actress-wife wrote General Franco asking clemency for her husband. She enclosed a photograph of herself after Dahl was given a sentence of life imprisonment. Friday Was The 22nd . . . anniversary of the founding of the Red Army, but the plan to take Viipuri as an anniversary present to Joseph Stalin failed. It W/as reported that Stalin had arrived in Leningrad for the victory celebration. But Finland’s heroic stand has not been without great cost. In the three week battle alo'ng the Isthmian defenses, Finland has lost between 60,000 and 75,000 men. This is opposed by a reported Russian loss of 300,000 men. In London . . . the British Admiralty announced the sinking of the destroyer Daring, 1,376 .tons, last week by German submarine action. Only five members of the crew of 162 were rescued. It was the sixth destroyer lost since the outbreak of the war, but the first by submarine actiop. Four were sunk by mines and another was the victim of a fog-col-lision. Last week-end six mechantment were lost in addition to the Daring.
Campus Discussion Tournament Finalists Will Compete Tuesday Of the 180 students representing 34 organizations, who were entered in the All-Campus Discussion Tournament nine persons, representing seven organizations, will participate in the finals which will be held 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, February 27, in Fowler Hall. The finalists in the contest are: Beer and Hamilton, Alpha Chi Rho; Bach and Van Biema, Sigma Alpha Mu; Silva, Beta Theta Pi; McKillup, Delta Upsilon; Dimond, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Wells, Alpha Tau Omega; and Jane Fishleigh, Chi Omega. Leaning sororities are Chi Omega, Kappa Kappa, Gamma, and Kappa Alpha Theta in that order of ranking. Leading fraternity is Sigma Alpha Mu, closely followed by Alpha Chi Rho and Phi Kappa. A trophy, donated by H. G. Reisner, will be presented to the fraternity which accumulates the highest number of points in the contest; and similar award will be given to the winning sorority by Mrs. Ray Southworth. Individual awards will be made by Gerry Mohlman, Lafayette jeweler. The finalists in this contest will meet in room 309 of University Hall at 4 p. m. tomorrow to choose the chairman for the final discussion on Tuesday night. Dr. Gilbreth Honored By Radio Program Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, Professor of Management in the engineering department, will be saluted as the “Woman of the Week” during the Hour of Charm broadcast this evening at 9 CST over the NBCRed Network. Dr. Gilbreth, one of the country’s foremost women industrial engineers, will be interviewed by John McIntyre upon her work in modernizing home construction. She is well-known as a designer of efficient kitchens in .cdnnection with her work at the University .jn time and motion study. Phil Spitalny and his all-girl orchestra will occupy the musical spotlight of the broadcast. Dick Barrie . . . and his “Music of the Moment” orchestra played last night for the annual Phi Kappa Psi-Phi Gamma Delta Jefferson Hop in the new Union ballroom.
WBAA Variety Show Features Bill Martin To Accompaniment of Air-hammer Rhythm
By Martha Jane Fox WBAA’s Campus Varieties program yesterday featured Bill Martin’s orchestra and the soothing I’hythms of an air hammer. Bill and the Varieties program worked in the south Union ballroom, while the irrepressible air hammer was just as busy in the new coffee shop on the floor below. Hank Miller introduced the orchestra to the crowd of approximately 260 persons. Make Up Your Minds Yesterday’s program marked the singing debut of Harry McAuley, fiBst trumpet with the orchestra. Tl^ere was an argument before the broadcast as to who was to sing “Between 18th and 19th on Chestnut Street,” and to settle the quarrel “Mighty” McAuley said
that he would sing. Other features of the afternoon included Frank Kuhn, Jimmy McKillip, who played Bob Zurke’s arrangement of “Honky Tonk Train,” and the Melody Maids. Nine girls, the Melody Maids, who lived within six miles of each other last summer formed this group for their own entertainment and filled in today with Martin’s orchestra. The girls, Jean Skinner, Jody Paulus, Virginia Sommer, Teeny Spieth, Janice Yeoman, Mary Loveless, Joan Loveless, Ada Loveless, and Alice Cartmill, sang “Always and Always.” The session ended with a bass run by Angelico Jussippi Carchitanova, th^ “Little Man Who Almost Wasn’t There.”
Males Will Present Modernistic Danc^e Ted Shawn and his group of male dancerd will make their appearance before the student body here for one night only, Wednesday, when they will present “0 Libertad” at the regular University Convocation to be held that evening, starting at 8 p. m. in the Memorial Gymnasium. As a pioneer in his profession, Shawn has been termed by the New York Times as “one of the leaders without whose insurgency dance might not have developed to its present high status.” Symbolic Art Until 1933, the Shawn group had many talented women artists in it, but the tremendous reception given the all-man program which was presented in Boston that season confirmed the belief that audiences would find more interest and variety in a program given entirely by men. “0 Libertad” is recognized as an “eloquent expression of symbolic art.” It demonstrates the power of the masculine body to symbolize the vital rhythms of human life. All passports and season tickets will be recognized for admission to this show. Delta Chi Chapter Entertains Annual Midwest Conclave Mid-west chapters of Delta Chi, social fraternity, are holding their annual conclave here this week-end with the University’s chapter as hosts. Representatives from chapters in Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, and Kentucky met yesterday afternoon in the Memorial Union to discuss fraternity problems. At an informal banquet given in the chapter house in the evening, representatives for the national meeting were chosen. Activities for the week-end will come to a close at 12:30 today with a banquet for 250 people given in the Union, with Henry McGurren, national president, as toastmaster. President E. C. Elliott, Dean M. L. Fisher, and M. W. White will speak at this time. Dr. White has been active in the national organization of Delta Chi and is a physics professor at Penn State College. 'Seventh Heaven' Ticket Sale Opens Tomorrow Reserved seat tickets for Playshop’s third production, “Seventh Heaven,” may be obtained any afternoon this week from 3 to 6:30 p. m., in the Playshop offices in Fowler Hall. The usual price of 75 cents will prevail for those who lack season tickets. The play, written by Austen Strong, is to be presented nightly from Wednesday, March 6, until Saturday, March 9, in Fowler Hall. For Second Tea Dance Student Union Sets Date For the second time during the current semester. Student Union is sponsoi’ing an afternoon tea dance from 4 to 5:30 in the old ballroom. Tl;ie forthcoming session is scheduled for Tuesday, February 27. Recorded rhythms of Duke Ellington, who will play for the Union Informal Friday night, will furnish music for the dancers. There will be no charge for the affair.
Third Annual Show Will Open April 18 For Three Day Run “Varsity Show” will present their third annual production, Victor Herbert’s “Sweet|iearts,” on April 18 to 20 inclusive. The show and date of production were selected at a meeting of the board of control yesterday afternoon. There will be a general organization meeting for all students who intend to participate in any of the various phases of “Varsity Show” Friday afternoon at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. It is imperative that all people who intend to participate in any phase of the production be at this meeting according to the board of control. There will be a, special meeting for those who intend to try out for the cast Saturday afternoon. The board of control which was selected by the electoral board is composed of students and faculty members and has, as the name implies, control of the show. It is composed of the following persons, A. P. Stewart, J. E. Dietrich, Jack Miller, W. L. Deam, and J. M. Ra^ains of the faculty and Rosemary Robinson, ‘Richard Thornton, Roger Lindsay, Sam Wells; and Chuck Hart from the student body. Freshman Girls Will VofeOnTwoWSGA Representatives Petitions for the position of freshman representative on the WSGA board must be turned in to Ann Sickman at WRH south by 11 o’clock tonight by freshmen women desiring this position. Two representatives will be elected at the first mass meeting of the semester on Thursday, February 29, at 4 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Union. The petition must read “We the undersigned, do hereby nominate for the position of freshman representative on the WSGA executive board for the second semester of the year 1939-40.” The statement must be signed by 25 girls. All freshman co-eds are eligible. In order to vote, passports must be presented. Following the election a Charm School will be presented by WSGA and YWCA. At this time Prof. L. S. Winch of the speech department will discuss the procedure and etiquette of business interviews and interviewing.
Boilermakers Shade Stubborn Badgers InOvertimeBaltle Sprowl Colects 13 To Pace Winners Madison, February 24 (Special) —Superiority of multiple choice over individual dependency was given a forceful boost here tonight, as Purdue’s championship bound cage quintet edged out another Big Ten opponent 48-45 and maintained a one-game lead over the Hoosiers. It wasn’t a high scoring star who emphatically brushed the Badgers aside in the overtime period to give the Boilermakers' enough margin for the eighth Victory of the campaign. Instead it was a new power. Red Caress, reliable reserve g^uard, who broke the tie at the start of the extra period with a beantifol long shot that was nullified a few seconds later by two England free throws. However, persistent Red was Ihter fouled by the same Gene England, scoring star of the evening, and flipped in the charity toss which was sufficienty to spell triumph for his team after a nightmare of fast break, nip and tuck basketball. Tierney’s looper from the side was only a matter of security for the winners, increasing the deciding edge to three points. Anderson missed a free throw, and two shots by Englund missed the hoop before the five minute spell ended. It was an enthusiastic crowd of some 8,500 persons which witnessed the return game between the Boilermakers and the Badgers. The latter, always strong on their home floor, maintained, their prestige as hosts, in spite of defeat. Situated in ninth place in the conference, and victims of the Gold and Black in an earlier game at Lafayette by 13 points, they lost no time in assuring the first plape quintet that it wasn’t there for a free ride. Not only did the game produce a new winning factor in the person of Red Caress, but it showed that there are a few others who can hold up their ends of the defensive task. Late in the first half Captain Fred Beretta, popularly conceded the outstanding guard in the Big T^n and member of last year’s all-conference quintet, committed his fourth foul of the game and left the battle to his teammates for the remaining 27 minutes of play. Captain Gene Englund was the chiejf solace to Wisconsin fans who were confident of victory when the Cardinals went into the lead, 40-39, late in the second half. Englund not only scored 18 points but exercised a large measure of rebound control. It was his misfortune to be the one who missed a free throw with the (Continued on page 2)
Delta Gamma's Exponent Wins First In YWCA Co-ed Capers
Last night before a capacity audience of enthusiastic and appreciative students and townspeople the Delta Gamma sorority, recently initiated on the campus, won the first YWCA sponsored Co-ed Capers. Second place went to Women’s Residence Hall, South, and third place went to Women’s Residence, West. John Dietrich announced the winners, and immediately afterward the Delta Gamma group was presented with the plaque, given by the Decker’s, Inc., by Catherine Cooley. Groups from each sorority, with the exception of Kappa Alpha Theta and Alpha Chi Omega, and from all three Residence halls gave skits. Group singing by the Kappa’s and Pi Phi’s with the college life theme proved very good entertainment. The Pi Phi’s presenting a new song, “Campus Moon,”
The winning act, a rip-roaring exhibition of the daily news page of the Exponent, featured evkry thing from your secret passion to why go to college. Modern Cinderella, a ditty by the WRH South gals, was a parody from the word “go.” WRH West, with their production of “Wild Nell,” placed third. Among the other interesting acts were those presented by the Alpha Xi’s, Chi O’s with Myra McKee doing the emoting, the Phi Mu’s “Napoleon,” the Thaeles “Blackout,” a rhythm number, and the WRH North’s “Eskimo TragedyJ* Climaxing the acts was the shadow production by the Cary HaH boys of a couple of doctors doing a most gruesome operation. Judges for the contest were Miss Ruth Houghton, Mrs- F. B. Knight, and Prof. J. E. Dietrich.iv.‘ '
THE FUIU>in5 EXPQNE^
■/'■ft It
Suhd^ Febti;^^
£ihan, £diiA.
HrHnkMilbr
For Tired Md l^loonlf GaifipuS Males
By S&ooter
thefe’s nothing like trying to rim' comtietition with an air hatniner when conducting a broadcast. Thte aif hammer will win every time, ace^Td&g to those who heard Campos y^i^ties yesterday as the pro^a# ^¥igihated in the ballroom of the union. Qh, well, that’s the fun of broadcasting.
TM^’a hbthingiike getting news from Chicago about a person here on the campus. Sudi is the note that conies in concerning Dr. Lillian M. Gilhreth, noted industrial engineer and member of the University faOnlty. Dr. Gilbreth will be featured as the “Woman of the Week” on ^e Hmir of Charm broadcast tonight at 9 on wMAQ.
NB^J’s Gteat Blay series will present the “Pirates of Penzance” today after a cancelation last week. Margaret Daum, Met soprano, and Alma Kitchell will sing the leads of the Gilbert and Sullivan opera at 1 p. m. on WENR. —e-e— Tommy Dorsey, “sentimental gentleman of swing,” is not only “going to town” but clear through to the next county in a new and radically different series of weekly dance programs, which he inaugurated over the NBC-Red network, yesterday at 4 p. m. The programs, which come from the Meadowbrook Country Club, are an hour in length and are divided inte four distinct 15-minute periods. The first quarter-hour is devoted to hits of a decade ago, followed by 16-imnutes of new tunes never before heard on the air. The third period features the “Clambake Seven,” Dixieland Jazz unit within the Dorsey band. But that last round—the entire aggregation cuts loose in a wild orgy of unadulterated swing.
Lowell Thomas, pioneer radio news, commentator, became the first sponsored radio performer to combine television with his regular radio broadcasts, when his evening program^ heard over the NBC-Blue network, also was seen over the NBC television station, W2XBS, in New York City, this week.
Notes on tonight’s broadcasts — Gene Autry presents popularized western songs on his Melody Ranch at 5:30 on WBBM . . . NBC’s opera broadcast at 1 p. m. will be “Aida” with Rose Bampton singing the lead . . . “Pompeii Lives Again” is the World Is Yours drama at 3:30 p. m. on WMAQ ... Emil Coleman will ride in the Fitch Bandwagon at 6:30 on WMAQ', . . Jack Benny in convalescing after his Yosemite ski jumps.. . . Walter Catlett will crack wise with Charlie McCarthy and /Mortimer Snerd . . . Orson Welles will present * Joan Blondell in the radio version of “Only Angels Have Win^” on the Campbell Playhouse at 9 on WBBM.
Here and there for tomorrow night: Bach will be Templeton by Harpsichordists on Alec Templeton Time at 8:30, the chorus will sing “Oh the Isle of May,” a new song rapidly climbing to the heights . . . a bowl of oranges will be the key to the Sherlock Holmes mystery at 7 on WENR . , . Richard Crooks will sing ‘At Dawning’ on the Voice of Firestone at 7:30 . . . Lux Radio Theater at 8 on WBBM.
The Thomas news commentary, inaugurating a policy of adding sight to regularly heard NBC sound programs, will be seen in an experimental series over W2XBS three times weekly — on Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 5:45 p. m. CST. On these days the network sound program will originate in NBC Radio City television studios. No change is contemplated in the structure of the program. The tele-vision-radio broadcast will, therefore, include the commercial announcements of Thomas’ sponsor, the Sun Oil Company.
Thomas, an outstanding radio hews commentator for a decade, is no stranger to the iconoscope cameras, having participated in television’s “first night” program, the inaugural studio presentation in America’s first iconoscope television service, oh May 3, 1939. He also has taken part in several telecasts during three years of NBC experimental telecasting prior to the launching of a television public service of rec^rly schfeduled programs.
Do you lack that popular “joeblood” in your veins, men ? If yoti do then we have just the place for you to spend your time. It’s a heav-en-sent retreat whdre you may forget your troubles, day-dream dbout the girl back Home, or aif those suppressed and bloody thoughts about your latest instructor. In three words, it’s a “men’s bum room.” Women Taboo The word “men’s” means just that, too. If the sign which was at one time hanging on the doorknob of the door leading to this bit of masculine heaven means what it sa!id, then nothing in skirts will ever get past the doorstop.
Typical to a man's taste, the furnishings of the new bum room are held to a minimn'm of art and: a maximum of comfort . , . couches, chairs, and a phone. UiilnTheSun Now just in ease you’re wondering where this “loafers paradise” is located we’ll tell you. It’s in the new tower roOm of the Union—^the room that is always flooded with the gentle and relaxing ^ays of the late afternoon suh (when there is a sun), and where Opportunities for candid eye-shots of the West doors of the Union abound. All we have to do noW is wait for the annoithcement of the Omcidl opening.
For Research Woil(
WAA Plans Penny Carnival In Women's Gp Saturday
Co-eds are busy planning booths for the Penny Carnival to be held Saturday, March 9, from 7:30 to 12 p. m. in the women’s gym. The sorority, co-op house, or women’s residence hall having the most attractive and original booth will receive a cup award. A prize will be given to the organization making the most money, one cent being charged for admission to each booth. Special entertainment Will be provided and an orchestra will play for dancing from 9 to 12, Mary Mather, president of Sportswomen, is in charge of the carnival.
Classified Ads
Musicians: Wanted for Student Dance Band. Call Bob Trueman, 8421 for tryout.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 60^Main street.
Radiq-Phohograph combination, and record collection. Only $16.00. Call Staley, 2640.
LOST AND FOUND
Lost—Shell-rimmed . glasses. Saturday night between Residence Hall and Field* house. Rhone Esther Kiirkhoff, WKH.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Skull and Crescent: There will be no Cotillion meeting at the Phi Delt house February 29. -—BELLES.
Purdue Radio Guild: Meeting Thursday, February 29, instead of tonight. There will be a speaker at that time. —MILLER. WAA Tournament Schedules: WAA tournament schedules, shuffle board and ping pong, are posted in the gym. First round, Friday, March 1. 8-1 —HOLDEN.
Senior Military: An examination wiU be given in Room 202 Armory at 4 p. m. Tuesday, February 27, for those students having a “C” grade in Military History and Policy. Students concerned will get a University Fonn 97 from the Adjutant’s Office and pay the required fee at the Registrar’s Office. —PICKERING.
NOW PLAYING
COLMAM
/a fffflt/Afes
THE IIGHT THAT FAILED
Vf
wKi. WALTER HUSTON ..a IDA LUPINO • MURIEL ANGELUS — — EXTRA
ROBERT BENCHLEY — IN — ’SEE YOUR DOCTOR'
Managers Will Meet
There will be a meeting of all fraternity athletic managers tomorrow, at 4:15 p. m., in room 106 of the fieldhouse to discuss plans for the annual inter-fraternity athletic carnival, which will be held Wednesday, March 13, in the fieldhouse. The carnival will include many new features this year, one of which will be the inter-fraternity freshman scramble. Entry blanks and mimeographed discriptions will be ready at the meeting tomorrow afternoon.
NYA Workers; Checks are now available at the Cashier’s Office in the Executive Building. 2-27 —HOLLENSBB.
Reamer Club:. Ticketo for ..remaining basketball games will be distributed at banquet next Monday night. Junior actives are expected to attend. All actives meet in Room 868 at 6 :20 p. m., Monday, Februmary 26. 2-26 ARCHIBALD.
. English and Speech Conditions: Examinations for removal of conditions in English and speech will be held Saturday, March 2, beginning at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the Education building. —MILLER.
WAA Riflery: A list of class team members and class schedules is posted on the bulletin board of the Women’s Gym. The tournaments are Tuesday, February 20; Thursday, Febmary 22; and Tuesday, Febmary 27; shooting from 7 to 8:30 p. m. Attendance is required at two of these nights in order to wet WAA points and numerals. —HARRISON.
Modern Dancera: All modem dance people come to weekly rehearsal every Tuesday at 7:16 p. m. Three practice periods scheduled at 4 p. m. Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday. All girls must report one of these days to be eligible for evening group. First meeting Monday, February 26 at 4 p. m. —KNIGHT.
Senior Tactics: War department training on the “Tactical Employment of the Anti-aircraft Artillery Regiment” and “Machine Guns in the Attack” will be shown in room 104 of the Armory on Friday, February the 23 and February 28 at i p. m. Attendance for senior military students is optional; others interested are also invited. —THOMPSON.
Interfraternity Rifle: Interfraternity rifle matches to continue until Friday, March 1, at 5 :30 p. m. —SMITH.
MfHKfiTtt STARTS TOMORROW
THE MAN OF THE HOUR! WITH THE WOMAN OF FLAME!
=7 ntur I.MI4RR iTAI^THiS WOMAN
Besearch fellowships worth up to one thousand dollnrs are available to graduate students dr members of the University stuff, it Was announced bV G. Stanley Mdikld, director of research relations With industry and head of the Purdue Research Foundation. The fellowships, coming from what is known as the XR fund and voted in I93S by the board of directors of the Research Foundation, are designed to stimulate and encourage interest among the members of the Foundatibn and sta^f of the ifniverrsity, graduates of the University and others. In announcing the fellowships to deans and depiartment heads in the University, Director MeiWe pointed out that at least 15 major industries of today, founded since 1880, are based on results of research work. The present plan for the XR fellowships calls for selection of the student of creative ability to carry through a research project. Faculty members, graduate students or others who are interested in the fellowships for the coming academic year must have their applications, with a carefully prepared outline of what they wish to do, in Meikle’s office before Marcn 16.
student Union Workers: There will be a meeting of Tilt’s and Hoffer’s committee, both freshmen and sophomores, Monday, February 26, at 4:00 p. m. in the Union office. —HOFFER.
Co-ed Forensic Managers: Meeting Monday, February 26, at 4 p. m. in room 808 University Hall. Remember to bring your money. —McKNIGHT.
E E Seniors: Membership in AlEE must be applied for prior to March 1st in order to take advantage of the 10 dollar saving upon application of Associate grade of membership as an alumnus. ' (2-28) —NITSCHE.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting will be held in room 308 of the Union, Tuesday, February 27, at 7:80 p. m. —KNIPP.
Biology Students: Condition examinations in Biology 18 will be given March 2 at 1 p. m. in Room 211 of Coulter Hall, —BEHRENS.
A Ph A: Important meeting Tuesday, February 27, at 4 p. In. in room 206 of the Pharmacy building. Be there 1 —OSBURN.
DANCE CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S Wed. Feb. 28, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED Thurs. Feb. 29, 7:30 p. m. Indiana's Largest' Dancing School PHONE 2150
ALLEN^S fith and Ferry
LUMA
-TODAY - MONDAY—
DOUBLEFEATURE
THEIR NEW ADVENTURE ... and their
with EDITH FELLOWS
IT'S FIRST RUN
Vi
‘I had a hunch old Rufus didn’t leave much money when I heard he had written his will on the head of a pin!”
Marriage Lectures; The last of a series of marriage lectures entitled “Reasons for a Successful, Marriage” will be given Sunday, February 26, at 6:30 p. m. in the West Lafayette Baptist Church. Reverend Gleason will lead a discussion of any questions, —FORD.
Gold Peppers; Meeting Monday, February 26 at 6 p. m. in room A of the Union, Anyone hot present will automatically forfeit their vote for pledges. Reamer, Gold Pepper dinner at 6:60 p. m. —MITCHELL.
Examinations for condition removals in History, Economics and Government: These will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1:00 p. m., room 808, in the Recitation Building. Application must be made in the History office no later than Friday, March 8. —ESTEY.
Reamer Pledges: Important organization meeting in P. I. A. office at 4:15 p. m., Monday, February 26. —OLSON.
PlA Dance Class: First meeting Wednesday, FAruary 28, at 7:00' in Women’s Gym. Must have dance tickets and membership cards. —CARL Llirrz.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting Tuesday, February 27, at 7:30 p. m. in Union. Inquire west desk for room number. —CARPENTER.
Kappa Delta Pi meeting Tuesday, February 27, in room F of Union building. There will be a panel discussion on “Extracurricular activities.” Attendance compulsory. —BRODY.
I'-' Undergraduate Dames: Business meeting Tuesday, February 27, at 7:30 p. m. in room 305 of the Union. —DENZLER.
, PIA Dance Class; First meeting Thursday, February 29, at 7 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Must have dance tickets and membership cards. —LUTZ.
LAST DAI
PHONES 6915—6914
niflM flNB
Matinee 2 p. m.—^All Seats Reserved $1.10 Incl. Tax
Eve. 8:00 p.m. All Seats Reserved $1.10 Inei. Tax
GOOD SEATS AVAILABLE FOR BOTH SHOWS
LAFAYETTE
ARC
-TODAY - MONDAY—
IN TECHNICOLOR!
M PRESTON
— ALSOOUR GANG, COMEDY
A, J. CRONIN’S
with
JULIEN MITCHELL • ROBERT COOTE BRENDA FORBES • PETER CUSHING
BY THB AUTHOR OF ««THE UIITAijiBlL’’
klAllI
NOW SHOWING
4Sutidc^, Ttibmiaeif 2& 1940
^xpomnL (Paqa
Track Men Dow Iowa, Northwestern in First Home Meet
/owa's Improving Five Invade Field house Tomorrow Night After getting off to a shaky start in Big Ten competition with three eblisecutive losses, the unpredictable Hawkeyes from lo^a have been distinctly on the upgrade during the last two weeks o^ play and arise as the next challenger against the Boilermaker’s bid for Western Conference supremacy as the boys from the “Corn State” invade the Fieldhouse tomorrow night to iKTOvide the competition for the Riveters in their ninth confef*6nce start. With Minnesota, Indiana, and Micfdgah subduing the Hawkeyes In their first trio of games, the Iowa Ciity cagbrs seemed well on their way tbwards a very mediocre season. However, the Hawkeyes execi^tjed an about face just before midsemester vacation by drubbing the Maroons of Chicago by fourteen points. Coming back fast after the two weeks layoff, the lowans continued their winning ways by conquering a much improved Wisconsin quintet by a bare two point gihDown Ohio State The following Monday night the Hawkeyes continued to surprise mid-western fans by pulling one of the biggest upsets of the season when they trounced Ohio State, defending champions and current holders of a tie for third place, by the decisive score of 43-33. Five days later the Hawkeyes’ second attempt of the season to down their arch rivals, the Minnesota Gophers, fell a Wee bit short as the Gophers emerged victorious by a 34-29 score, leading factor in the defeat by Indiana. Siegel Leads Scoring Iowa’s threat in conference games thus ^ar have been mainlined by the scoring power of sophomore forward Vic Siegel, who has maintained a position well up in the first ten scorers in the conference since the early part of the season. Siegel was in tbp form in the game against Last Monday night the lowans came very close to adding their name to the list of “giant killers of 1940” when they missed an opportunity to upset Indiana’s second
place five because of a dispirited second half letdown. The Hawkeyes led the Hoosiers the entire first half by a comfortable lead but were unable to hold out against the downstaters’’ second half drive and went doiyn to defeat in the final minutes 46-42. The Hawkeyes were able to connect on only 12 of their 29 free throw attempts, a fault that was a Ohio State when he collected nine field goals and a lone free throw to garner a total of 19 points for the evening. Teaming with Siegel at the forward posts are Lind and Wheeler, who alternate at the other forward spots. Evans and Bastian adequately control the pivot position for the lowans, while Prasse, Harsha, and Soderquist handle the defensive assignments. Billiard Team Will Compete In Tourney University billiaid team, under the direction of Coach F. E. Whitney, will meet early next week to elect a captain and to effect an organization for the national telegiaphic tourney which will begin Tuesday at 7 p. m. Play in the intercollegiate tourney in which more than 250 cue men are expected to compete will be conducted under the rules for 14.1 pocket billiards chart shots. Officials for the University sessions will be A. Mickewich, leferee; P. Bigelow, scorer.
RiVel^ii'S ^Gontiiitied froifi D
score tied and about a minute left in the regulation game. That left the score 43-48, and he took one long heave at the net just before the gun, but the ball bounced off the rifii and left the result for Red Caress to provide. Oh only three occasions after the first three minutes did the Badgers take the lead, and on each of those occasions they held their one point The game was extremely close all advantage for only a few seconds, thb way, however, the visitors never pulling further ahead than half a dozbii points at any time. Frosty Sprowl’s five baskets and three free throws were high for the Boilermakers, but Blanken and Tierney each contributed 10 points to the total, as further defiiance to the unwritten rule ^at one star makes a championship team. With three-quarters of the Big Ten season completed the scoring list shows Blanken first among the Boilermakers, more because someone has to be first than because he has consistently led the scoring. In cases such as this critics and fans dismiss the oddity with the single word “balance.” The summary: " Purdue (48) B F P TP Blanken, f 5 0 3 10 Igney, f 0 13 1 Fisher, c 13 0 5 Beretta, g 13 4 5 Sprowl, g 5 3 3 13 Tierney, f 4 2 2 10 Yeager, g 0 0 3 0 Caress, g 12 14 17 14 18 48 Wisconsin (45) B F P TP Eppeison, f 12 2 4 Anderson, f 4 3 3 11 Englund, c 5 8 3 18 Alwin, g 12 3 4 Rundell, g 2 13 5 York, f 113 3 Schiewe, f 0 0 0 0 Gallagher, f 0 0 0 0
WELCOME TO TOM’S Now Servinjg—Grand Champion Steaks at Regular Prices
14 17 17 LAST NIGHT’S GAMES Purdue 48, WISCONSIN 45 (Overtime) Indiana 38, Chicago 34 Illinois 51, Michigan 28 Northwestern 39, Iowa 29 Ohio State 48, Minnesota 43
45
QJfwks. By Robert J. Decfcard POT POUBRI I NUMBER EIGHT John Davenport, who captains the Chicago track team, is one of the best sprinters, in the nation . . . He is also a Hi^aroon football star .... Or, he was.\^ —^fe— Coach Ward Lambert, Boilermaker basketball mentor, avers that PU Captain Freddie Beretta is “the best guard I’ve seen in the past two seasons We might add that Beretta’s play is normally s6 consistent that it is frequently taken for granted. —^fc—
The hot Big Ten basketball race IS hal’d on coaches, too . . . Branch McCracken of Indiana is, at the present time, the victim of an outbreak of fever blisters, comes a report from the Cream and Crimson school . . . Just an alibi . . . Indiana plays here inside of a week. ——•_ Illinois’ grid coach. Bob Zuppe, is waiting for spring football season to get under way by prospecting near Phoenix, Ariz ... For football material or gold, “Zup”? —^fc— The old saying is that athletics and scholarship don’t mix, but the Michigan U. track contingent proves just the opposite to be true . . . The 42 men of varsity calibre at the Wolverine school earned a scholastic average of 2.72, virtually a B grade, in their first semester studies, which easily tops the fraternity men at the Ann Arbor institution of erudition. —fc— Almost exciting as the news that the Yanks will win the pennant again this year is the bulletin from Iowa City that Nile Kinnick PROBABLY will be the winner of the Daily Iowan’s “Athlete of the Year” trophy.
Good Health— is needed by you to enjoy the parties, and dances you attend while you ore at school.
Good Health— is neede by you to participate in any form of exercise. Therefore: we recommend your having a pint of milk for breakfast each morning. Then you will hove the vitality to enjoy the rest of the day completely.
SUNSHINE FARMS
807 N. 4th Street
Phone sols
Holdermait Wins Both Distance Events; Edward^ Breaks Record In Pole Vault Led by “iron man” Ed Holderman, lanky distance man who garnered a pair of firsts during the meet, the Boilermaker track team outpointed a favored Iowa squadi and an unbalanced team of thinly-clads from Northwestern tb cop high honom in the triangular track meet held yesterday afternoon in the fieldhouse. Although the lead seesawed between the Hawkeyes and the Riveters throughout the early part of the meet, the points tallied by Edwards, Campbell and Lovett in the pole vault brought the home team to the fore to overcome the Iowan lead and give the Boilermakers the victory by a score of 43i/^ to 38j4. <rhe Wildcats ended up in third place with a total of 26 points for the afternoon.
Northwestern’s Piker, Big Ten sprint champion in both indoor and outdoor competition, opened the meet with a win in the 60 yard dash. Dolderman, who has been bothered with a cold all week, brought the Boilermaker’s back into the running by conquering Erickson and Elliott of Iowa in the mile run. In a camera finish !^inch of Northwestern was chosen by the officials over Vollenweider of Iowa in the 60 yard high hurdle spring to add another five points to the Purple total. Despite the fact that he tipped over all five hurdles, Dave Rankin led the Gold and Black entries to the tape by ending up in third position. Shackleton Wins 440 Captain Shackleton gave the crowd a thrill in the 440 yard race by displaying excellent form to lead the entire field for the full distance and win the event. Teammate Anthony <;ame up fast in the last leg of the race to add three more points to the Riveter total by ending in second place. In one of the most interesting events of the afternoon, Holderman and Schoor of Iowa ran a nip and tuck race for the first mile and a half of the 2 mile race before the Riveter ace expressed his supremacy by leaving the Iowan in the dust as he spurted around the last\two laps to finish strong with a long lead. Two Smith’s from Northwestern and Wilson from tne “tall corn state” battled for honors in the high jump before dusky J. Smith cleared the bar at a quarter of an inch better than six feet, to leave D. Smitlj and Wilson tied for second place. The high jump was the only event in which the Boilermakers did not score. Weber, A. Gaulke Take Seconds Leuz of Iowa tossed the shot put ovq^ 47 feet to better the best efforts of Weber and Rankin of Purdue who finished second and fourth respectively. The lowans’ distance trio of Erickson, Elliott, and Carlson gathered a total of nine points for their team in the 880 yard run. A1 Gaulke, Riveter runner, led the field until the final spurt, when Erickson made a strong finish to win the event by a fraction of a second. The only new record of the meet was set by Boilermaker Edwards,
who broke the former record of 12 ^feet and four inches, set by Jobes in 1934, by clearing the bar at an eighth inch higher altitrfde to tie Thistlewaite of Northwestern and set a new Riveter record at 13 feet even. Riveters Simmons, Wente, Anthony, and Captain Shackleton ran a beautiful one mile relay to lead the two other angles in the triangular meet for the entire distance to chalk up the fourth Boilermaker win of the day. The complete summary 60 yard dash: Won by Piker, N; Green, I, second, Schlauder, I, third; Geim, P, fourth Time, :06.3. Pole vault: Thistlewaite, N, and Edwards, P, tied for first, Campbell, P, third; Lovett, P, and Ray, N, tied for fonrth. Height' 13 feet Shot put' Won by Leuz, I; Wehcar, P, second, Luebcke, I, third, Rankin, P, fourth Distance, 47 feet % inches. One mile run: Won by Holderman, P, Enckson, I, second, EUlott, I, third; Jarvis, P, fourth. Time, 4.29. 60 yard high hurdles: Won bjl Finch, N, Vollenweider, I, second; Rankin, P, tihird; Whitehurst, I, fourth. Time, :07.$440 yard dash: Won by Shackleton, P: Anthony, P, second; Schneider, N, third; Hinnchs, I, fourth. Time, :51.8. High jump: Won by J. Smith. N; D. Smith, N, and Wilson, I, tied for second; Ray, N, fourth. Height, 6 feet % inches. Two mile run: Won by Holderman, P; Schnoor, I, second; Reeves, P, third; White, P, fourth Time, 9 .'57.4. 880 Yard Dash: Won by Erickson, 1; Gaulke, P, second; Elhott, I, third; Carlson, I, fourth. Time, 2:01.4. Mile relay: Won by Pnrdue (Simmons, Wente, Anothony, Shackleton) ; Iowa, second , Northwestern, third Time, 3 ;37.2 Fencing Club Downs Washington Team 9-8 In Hard Fought Meet Competing in their first match of the year, Silver Mask, Purdue fencing club, conquered the foil^men from Washington University of St. Louis by a score of 9-8. Riveters Marden, Wegener, and Pitcher each won two out of their three matches with Captain Curtis, Baker, and Crutchfield of the invading squad in the foils matches. Neptune and Weldy represented the Gold and Black in the sabre class, the former losing both of his encounters to Beckman, while the latter defeated Curtis twice. In the epee matches Meii, of the Silver Mask team, lost both matches, and Soloff won from Baker and then lost to Beckman. »
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Suppilea
Risk Dental Clinic DR. RAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th fr Main Phona S70I
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
• Florists
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
Darner's Flower Shop Quality Flowen Main at 7th Phona 6050
• Locksmith
• Dairy Products
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door lochs, desk locks, night latdiMs mud padfocka. Auto keys a spaclatty. BicyclaiL aecassorias and ra|Mlrine> MULHAUPTS ll»-ll N. Sth ». na» m
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214%
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
Sunday. Febniary 2S, 1940
Purdue Exponent
R. E. InaltF W. K Smith
E<Iitor-in>Chief BnrinMa Mwnsrer
D. G. Temo, editorial director: G W. Frederick, manaEinv editor, E. M. Antonmi, senior adrertisinr manager; G Schilling, co-ed editor; R, Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director Entered as second elass matter at the post offioe in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Oongreas of llareh S, 1879, and at the special rate of postage prorided for ia section 1108, act of October 8. 1917, antfaoriaed January tO, 1922. Published daily except Monday daring the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by earner for $3 00 per year, mail suhscnption $8 60 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave, New York, N Y Night Editor, Wiilsey Issue Editor Trangott Day Editor Simpson Sunday, February 25, 1940
But
Jinudi^ JjoJUl In The Spring a young man’s fancy lightly turns to thoughts of love and stuff . . but not to the newly seeded lawns Apparently the campaign which was begun in these columns last Wednesday has not had the necessary effect as implied m President Elliott’s announcement in yesterday’s Exponent. We were sorry to see that tersely worded edict appear Until then we held high hopes that the co-operative spirit which bums in the heart of every true Boilermaker could be appealed to and another tradition established on the campus The tone of Proxy’s letter indicated that it’s a case of keep off the grass ... or else! Hardly the foundation for a tradition. We don’t believe that anyone thinkingly is walking on the forbidden territories. The weather has not been conducive to thoughts of spring and consequently thoughts of trees, flowers, and, yes, even grass are far from the average student’s mind. Perhaps all is not lost after all. As we said, force IS hardly the foundation for a tradition.
Incidentally
By Serge About a month ago Petrov got worried about a truck he hadn’t seen for a while You remember, it was the one which had printed on its side, “The Juvenile Shop, We Deliver." Well, we got a fan letter yesterday from a guy named Charlie (thank you, Charlie). He is the truck’s present owner, and lives with it in Kentland. He even sent us a picture showing the truck, with the stoik, baby, and tricorner still painted on its side, standing by the side of Hybrid Corn Experimental Field No 1 It develops thsft; Charlie spends his time in raising bigger and bettei corn, and uses the truck for that purpose Says Charlie, “We find the stork truck very useful in our breeding work.’’ We are really not surprised
This family of curves is in the region where the plate current is limited by the space charge, and so the curves do not decimate Each extends tangentially to the point of plate dissipation of 3 7 watts Unless we’re very much mistaken that paragraph belongs in a lab report that we are Writing With all we’ve got on oui mind, it’s a wonder we don’t do that moie often What with studies and activities and sleeping, we scarcely have time for giils, and vice versa And in our spare time we build scenery for Radio Stage. «
We’ie concerned about the scenery neai the women’s gym It’s a sign that says Mixed Recreation — Fiiday, 7 30 Ping Pong, Badminton, Volley Ball, and Swimming Bring Date and Sneakers (Men—10c for suit)
Maybe we are old fashioned, but we don’t think this IS right, or at least fair. The others should have to wear suits, too.
but if we could make it co-operative force, we might solve the problem. We’re not suggesting, Prexy, that you rescind your order. We are asking that you deputize the sixty eight hundred inhabitants of this campus and make them all “Custodians of the Grass ” Perhaps they won’t be afraid to holler, “Hey, Rube’ Get off the grass’” R W.D.
Briefs by Clarence
A hypercross is a funny bud With feet like any human He crosses lawns where e’er he likes But I can’t find a ihyme for hu-
There are 176 people on this campus who won’t cross a lawn when it’s convenient One is the little man who wasn’t there, and the other 0 76 is John Van Horn 4- * * Clarence, negotiator supreme, suggests that the rival factions on the campus compromise Why not carry out the suggestion made by one of the smart men on the campus (Clarence, in case you haven’t
noticed) ’ * Ji* si* Point being, set a standard of about 10 66 feet, and if you can’t save that much, don’t build a walk Any walks at all built only where theie IS already a path in the gsass Then put up a sign, “You can save only 7 22 feet by cutting across here Please go around ’’ >)! * * Engineeis will go around, and I’ll betcha it’ll work
Deac Says
When you think of spring and athletic games, think of Deac's for equipment. We have baseballs for a nickel, ten cents, all the way up to two dollars. We have tennis balls for ten cents, twenty-five cents, forty-five cents. We have every kind that is manufactured. We have tennis rackets from a dollar, two dollars, all the way up to seventeen dollars and fifty cents a racket. We have McGregor and Spalding golf clubs. We have all equipment for batminton; also, table tennis. Hundreds of paddles, tennis rackets, baseball bats, baseball gloves, for your selection.
H. G. “Deac” REISNER, Book Store
»S Hi WR Can be cleaned as easily and perfectly as cloth. By a special process, cleans and gives life to the leather making it look like new. i PHONE 4081
Instead of the usual “giiped” letters we receive in this department because of a badly mutilated contrib, we received this bit of English: Dear B & B: Since I am your uitwilling victim of the valentine incident, an explanation is no doubt due. The valentine was truly an appropriate one and, though my former missive may have given another impression, the valentine is sincerely appreciated and highly valued. My unruly temper and well-known impa-
tience led me to make such a hasty retort which I immediately regretted. Had I waited, the picture which was forthcoming the following day, would have solved the mystery of the phrase, “Keep the crows away” which was surely not in keeping with the theme of the valentine. Steve deserves a gold medal for withstanding my temper this long, and so I take this opportunity to offer my sincere apology for my sad, but human, error. Patty Jo. —B & B— and so that explains the in,sulting letter received by Steve which was printed in the February 18 issue of this paper —B & B— PARDON THE ERROR We mentioned a few days ago that little Lee Bossong returned her Delt pin to Carl Dixon; however, we
wish to mention now that she still wears it, and holdsjt in the highest esteem. —B & B— Martha Whitehead is 'another proud girl, for she is now displaying the Phi Sigma Kappa pin onee worn by Gib Keggeris. We’re sure of this. —B & B— . . . and then there’s Bert Benninghoff, with that possessive look in his eyes, as he strolls aronnd the campui^ with Lenore Hofer, Phi Mu pledge. A closer look would reveal her wearing a Lambda Chi pin. —B & B— Caveman and woman hater, Stan Czyz, has finally taken off his cloak and revealed to us that he is “that certain way” about a “certain’l girl, Edith Lawson. Now that his defense has crpmpled, a big guy like that IS just putty in the hands of a woman Incidentally, they’re engaged.
Bull Session
Dear Union Why, oh why, are half of the doors in the Union locked and the other half left open It’s lathei disconcerting to walk the length of the Union only to find the doors locked and have to walk clear back to the other end of the hall to get out of the building Now there may be some sense in keeping one wing of the building locked, but I’ll be darned if I can
see any reason why one door should be locked when the one right next to it IS left open Seems kind of silly to me Of course now there is probably another side to the question, so why not give the Union a chance? Let them have their say See you in print. Union F N T T)ear Bull Editor: As long as the University still has classes on Saturday morning why do all the big dances have to be held on Friday night*' We don’t mind the Saturday morning classes, but when we go to a dance the night before and then
straggle in to our eight o’clocks without our lesson we really don’t get very much out of them. Now that we have two ballrooms all of the big dances could be held on Saturday For the few rare occasions like Prom, Cotillion, and a few others which require the use of both ballrooms the mixers could be held on Friday night or dispensed with altogether. We realize that this would have been more to the point last fall when the dance schedules were being made out. But better late than never Let the little men think about it for next year G. T. F.
The Book that tells the story ofJjtahAnijtjuiA, and, Sr^duLL. Large group pictures of each fraternity and sorority on the campus Something new—informal snapshots taken in each house will be included Last, but not least you will find a picture of your house
mo
COdfAU, CompkisL CrtMfiUA. QouahaqsL
mo
Always Ready to Write-
CARTER’S CUBE-WELL 89)^
Buy One for Each of Your Desks
Complete with
Reservoir Pen
Smooth Writing The pen point 19 made of wear resisting, stainless, non-corrosive metal It guarantees smooth, effortless writing. Assorted points.
Smart
Practical
Styled by Carter, the Cube-Well is a welcome addition to all writing desks. Its set.back shape 18 the last word in modem design.
Complete as Shown
Writes Pages With
One Dipping
The comb feed, reservoir style pen enables user to write without frequent
dipping.
Pen Is Always Ready To Write An exclusive flow-control valve insures smooth, even flow of ink. It maintains correct pen point ink level in penwell. Just reach for pen and start writing immediately.
5th and Ferry Sts.
HAYWOOD’S
Phone 4085