'This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of , Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
SUNDAY September 25Xl0ae Lafayette* Ihdiantt VoL 50 No. 11
Boilermakers Outscore Betroil, 19-6
Late News Titans Fall In Season Opener Before Bulletin 20,000 Fans; Mercury Stands At 82
The Week’s NEWS
BUSINESS Airline Rates .. . . , f will be reduced October 1, the Northwest Airlines President, Croil Hunter, announced recently. Round trip fares between cities served by this line will be cut from 10 to 15 per cent. This announcement coincides with the opening of National Air Travel Week, and also the 12th anniversary of the Airline’s operation. Northwest Airlines last fall inaugurated the lowest air line passenger rates in the history of Commercial aviation, and proved that there is a large potential business available when the public realizes the possibilities of air travel. Lloyds of London . . . . . . announced new insurance rates last week as the European crisis forced war risk coverage on all shipments to and from the United Kingdom. The old rates averaged about 1-40 of 1 per cent, while the new rates range upward from Vz of one per cent. Stainless Steel . . . . . . shimmering metal which graces the streamliners of the nation, will soon flash through the skies, as aviation experts start designing and testing the new metal for commercial use. Past the experimental stage, one of the planes at the national air races in Cleveland, a Fleetwing Seabird, demonstrated the possibilities of this adaptation of a steel. It has a high safety factor, a prime necessity in airplane use. War Jittery Europe . . . . . . has sent over two hundred and eighty-five million dollars in gold to the United States treasury during the month’s first two weeks. This flight of European funds to the United States has boosted the total of foreign funds invested or banked in the United States to nearly ten billion dollars, an unofficial survey indicated. U. S. Gold Stocks ... . . . amounting to nearly one-half of the nation’s supply of $12,000,000,000 have been stored away behind the gleaming white walls of the United States depository at Fort Knox, Ky. Visible to only a few officials and experts, this supply of gold, a monument to power, is the most carefully guarded deposit in the world. Supplementing the regular guards is the 7th mechanized brigade of the United States Army, located only a mile away, comprising more than 275 combat cars. FOREIGN -The World Waited . . . . . . expectantly yesterday for the outcome of Prime Minister Chamberlain’s latest peace conference with Germany’s Fuehrer Hitler, but received no satisfaction. The conference, aimed at the peaceful partition of Czechoslovakia, collapsed completely Friday night, and Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain planned to return to London yesterday from the German town of Godesberg. Authoritative British sources insisted that Chamberlain had demanded assurance from Adolf Hitler that he would not march into Czechoslovakia. French Troops . .. . . . along France’s Belgian and German frontiers were ordered to assume “positions of alert” following suspension of Prime Minister Chamberlain’s discussions with Hitler for a peaceful settlement of the Sudeten question. “H Germany enters Czechoslovakia, France will face her engagements,” French Premier Edouard Baladier was reported to have said. (Continued on page 2)
Exponent Business Training Course Starts With Freshman Smoker Today First installment of Exponent's business training course for freshmen will be the smoker this afternoon at 2:15 in the Union ballroom, at which time the duties of the business staff will be explained. Featured speaker is G .W. Breuer, Exponent personnel director, who will also introduce Business Manager R. R. Hensler and Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves.
The purpose of this informal smo-
YWCA Seeks New Members In Union Monday, Tuesday Monday and Tuesday, YWCA members are maintaining a membership table in the main lobby of the Union where any co-ed who so wishes may join the organization, pay her dues, sign a pledge card. The membership “drive” will continue during the week at the YW office, but Sara Alice McIntosh, the treasurer, and Ruth Glunt, chairman of the drive committee, urge that girls sign up at the Union table. Those who pay during the drive week will wear one of the colored tags bearing the legend “I’ve Joined YWCA! Have you?” The membership fee is one dollar and may pe paid now or later. Work In Ten Groups The work of the organization is divided among 10 interest groups and working committees, led by the members of the cabinet. Thursday this week the personal relation group is sponsoring a Charm School meeting whose discussion will be led by Ted Cagonargi and Sully Mason. Already at work but in need of help are the campus service group which calls on hospitalized girls, the settlement house group which works at the Lafayette Settlement House, the Cary Home group which helps with games and instructions at the Cary Orphan Home, the literature groups, and the philosophy and religion groups. Other groups which will start work soon are the 21 Club and the music committee. Cabinet The cabinet is made up of Martha Baker, Thelma Bugher, Joyce Bumham, Ruth Bryant, Catherine Cooley, Helen Conver, Marga Mary Glunt, Ruth Glunt, Wilma Eviston, Jane Hall, Martha Moorhead, Edna Schwab, and Ruth Wattleworth. Th6 officers are president, Betty Klein; vice-president, Helen Conver; secretary, Catherine Cooley; and treasurer, Sara Alice McIntosh. R. B. Stewart, Controller, Returns From New York R. B. Stewart, controller of Purdue University, has returned from Syracuse, N, Y,, where he spoke recently at the University of Syracuse, during the national convention of Alpha Chi Rho fraternity, of which he has served as national president. He spoke on “The Necessity of Understanding Different Points of View,” and developed the idea of how fraternities, by having men to live and work together, developed the idea of tolerance of different viewpoints. Senior Cord Derby
Men
BOX SCORE Women
No. Cpl.
Cords
Dresses
219
Suits
Jerkins
28
Cords
Jerkins
21
Suits
Dresses
325
ker is to give interested freshmen a general idea of duties in the different Exponent departments, so they will be assured of getting into the work which would interest them, should they choose Exponent as an activity. Two following lectures will be of a more detailed na-
ture.
Next Lecture Thursday Second of the lectures will be on next Thursday, September 29 at 7 p. m. in the Union tower room. At that time other business staff members will explain their duties, and freshmen will be given an opportunity to sign up for the department they prefer. This choice would not necessarily be permanent, but would serve as a starting point for further training. Third and last jjf the lecture series will be the following Tuesday at 7 p. m. in the tower room. At that time Dr. Walters, of the University personnel department will explain the value of college activities in business. Although functions of the Exponent editorial department will be explained during the course of the lectures, freshmen will not have an opportunity to sign up for that staff until a later date. Two Months Training Training will extend over a period of two months, after which the freshmen will be put on regular work in the Exponent office, working two or three afternoons each week during the first semester, it was explained by Breuer. Co-eds are desired, especially to design ads for the art staff. Typing ability is desirable, though not absolutely essential. This is by far the most extensive training course ever atempted by Exponent. All freshmen, organized or independent, have been contacted eithef by talks at dormitories, fraternities and sororities, or by telephone calls. Exponent Editorial Staff Opened For Freshman Co-eds All freshman co-eds interested in working on this editorial staff of the Exponent may apply Tuesday afternoon at 4:15 in room F of the Union Building. This first meeting will be an organization meeting with an explanation of what freshman members of the staff are expected to do, an introduction of the co-ed associate editors, and an arrangement of work schedules. The meeting will also be a preliminary training hour to acquaint the new members of the staff with work and aims of the co-ed staff. Freshmen who sign up Tuesday will start to work as soon as a schedule can be arranged and printed in the Exponent. In about a week the staff plans to have another freshman meeting in which all questions that may have come up may be answered. Thereafter there will be occasional meetings of the staff to answer questions, make schedule shifts if necessary, and explain any changes in arrangements for work.
5,000,000 men mobilized for war in Europe as nations prepare for worst, with slight hopes of peace. BRUSSELS — Belgian government orders partial mobilization, calling up technical units and 1937 Idass of the artillery regiment. PARIS—700,000 Army reserves mobilized; partial mobilization also decreed for Navy and Air Force. LONDON—High command reveals plans for instant moibilization of all armed forces by land, sea and air, if need arises. BERLIN—German sources deny intention of guaranteeing borders of the new Czechoslovakia against the self -determination claims of other nationalities. Czechs are givenen one week to withdraw from
Sudetenland.
PADUA, Italy—Mussolini hopes that war can be localized.
Total 593 Scores for attendance at last evening’s Cord Dance given above were compiled by Union workers at the ticket table outside the Union ballroom.
4^
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Fair in the morning with cloudy and cooler in
afternoon.
BOSTON—Death toll from hurricane which swept New England now totals 600 with many still miss-
ing.
Presidents' Council Will Unite WSGA And House Organizations Members of the WSGA executive council have been attending organization meetings of women’s rooming houses in order to acquaint the houses with the house presidents’ council. They have been particularly interested in explaining how WSGA affects these houses, answering all questions about WSGA hour^ and the judicial board, and explaining the system of a WSGA house president’s work. The House presidents’ council will have its first meeting Tuesday in the WSGA office at 4 o’clock. All houses of six or more members should send a president. The council meets to organize and make their plans for the year. The council’s purpose is to knit more closely the WSGA, to which every girl is a member, and the execution of WSGA rules. House requirements are set by Miss Coolidge, assistant dean of women, who is in charge of setting up the standards of cleanliness, light, comfort, and order in the co-ed rooming houses. Riding Club Gets Up Early For First Breakfast Ride Members of the University Riding Club got up early this morning and went for their first breakfast ride of the year. Starting at 7 o’clock from the stables, the itinerary included a ride over the gravel roads west of the University and breakfast at Rudy’s. Organized last year by popular demand, the Riding Club began its second year of campus activities this morning. Students who have not yet had an opportunity to attend club meetings may call Mary Mather, 4099, and apply foy membership. Novices will be given special instruction. President Summers stated at last Thursday’s meeting. Display Of Plant Photos Open To General Public An exhibit of photogrraphs of plant forms, made in Berlin is now on dlb^lay in room 202 of Building No. 2, which adjoins the Home Ec Building. Open to the general public, the display provides interesting studies for the botanist as well as for those interested in fine photography.
Twenty thousand Boilermaker fans were jubilant today after watching their team make a splendid showing in its first game of the season, defeating Detroit University 19-6. Although the temperature stood at 82 degrees Fahrenheit the Purdue team required two entire quarters in which to get “warmed up” and the third period was well under way before the Boilermaker ground-gaining plays began to click against the flashy Titan squad to result in a derby-throwing first touchdown.
Detroit’s “defensive huddle” and “five man lini” failed to appear during the entire contest, but they held to their forward-passing predictions and filled the air with short and long passes throughout the en-
tire game. ^
Both teams showed the effect of the excessive hot weather, but frequent substitutions by both coaches allowed for frequent ducking in the buckets of icewater provided for that purpose on the sidelines. Palumbo, Ghesquiere, and McDermott in the backfield and Beer, Chesney, and Froelich in the line were outstanding for the Detroit squad. Triple-threat Ed Palumbo gave an excellent demonstration of his versatility throwing passes.
English Automobile Engineer To Speak Here Tomorrow
C. G. Williams, director of research of the Institution of Automobile Engineers of England, will present an informal talk on research in his organization in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building at 4 o’clock tomorrow aft-
ernoon.
The Institution of Automobile Engineers is an organization of engineers and manufacturers in England who have merged for the furtherance of discussion on automobile topics and on research in that field. Williams is making an extended inspection trip of the automotive industry in the United States under the auspices of the Society of Automotive Engineers and will spend tomorrow visiting the automotive and aeronautical laboratories of the University. The student group of the Society of Automotive Engineers has extended an invitation to the student groups of the ASME, AIEE, ASCE, and AChE to attend this meeting. While in Lafayette, Williams will be entertained by a committee consisting of Dean A. A. Potter, Prof. G. A. Young, Prof. K. D. Wood and Prof. H. M. Jacklin. Co-eds To Compete In Photo Contest Purdue Camera Club announces the opening of a candid snapshot contest for co-eds today. All types of candid pictures are eligible for entry provided that they are taken by the co-ed entering them. The picture must be at least four by five inches. The finishing may be done by professionals or by the coeds themselves. An individual trophy will be presented for the best entry submitted. Any organized group of coeds is eligible for an engraved trophy for having the most prints accepted. Entries will close on Octo-
ber 15.
Slide Rule Class... . . . for the benefit of those who were not able to attend the first class, will be held tomorrow at 4 p. m. in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops. The class under the direction of Assistant Professor of General Engineering, J. M. Arnold, will deal with simple multiplication and division as performed on the slide rule.
Lou Brock, who was injured during the fourth period of the Detroit game yesterday and helped off the field, has only a severe charley horse, according to Dr. G. A. Thomas, team physician. Lou will be ready to practice Monday, and will not miss any sessions due to the injury, Thomas said last night. kicking, and carrjdng the ball as weU as any back that has ever performed in Ross-Ade Stadium. Brock, Brown, Hennis, Ippolito, and Byelene provided the crowd with many thrill-packed moments as they marched down the field to three touchdowns. In the line, two Johnsons, a Britt, and a big rugged Mihal opened huge holes in the Detroit forward wall for the Purdue fast stepping backs to plunge on through.
Game Summary
By Rolfe Jenkins Detroit kicked off, but the Boilermakers were forced to punt without gaining a first down. Both of the teams traded punts with, little gain by either, but an out of bounds punt by Brock on the Boilermaker 48-yard line gave the Titans a momentary advantage. They followed with a first down, but their drive was halted when Hennis intercepted a Detroit pass on the Boilermaker 21-3mrd line. Brown broke loose for 21^4 yards, and after another first down, the Riveters were forced to punt. A punt exchange followed, and the Titans gained a first down as the first quarter closed. Second Quarter Early in the second quarter the Boilermakers got a temporary advantage when a bad pass from the Titan center was recovered on thfe Detroit 13-yard line by Thursby. Winchell gained two yards, Byelene added five to the six yard line, and (Continued on page 3)
—^Yesterday—. Ohio University, 6; Illinois, 0. Minnesota, 16; Washington, 0. Pittsburgh, 19; West Virginia, 0. Army, 32; Wichita, 0. Navy, 26; William and Mary, 0. Michigan State, 34; Wayne,^. Kansas, 18; Texas, 0.
Texas Christian, 13; Centenary, 0, Vanderbilt, 20; Washington (St. Louis), 0. North Carolina, 19; Wake Forest, 6. DePauw, IS; Franklin, 0. Rose Poly, 8; Evansville, 0. —Friday Night— UCLA, 27; Iowa, 3.(t)sdJlA TUuoa
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
J-saiu/uuk
Sunday, September 25, 1938
(Continued from page 1) “Give Us Arms . . . , . . Save Czechoslovakia,” cried 80,000 persons in the streets of Prague as one-eyed General Jan Syrovy, inspector general of Czechoslovakia’s army, became head of the government. The new Czech leader immediately sent squads of cavalry armed with machine guns into the streets to quell the mob, but said later over radio loudspeakers “If and when we have to fight, we will fight to the last breath.” Polish Minority ... ... in the Czech town of Teschen had taken control of the police stations there, official reports from Warsaw said. The reports said that the Teschen gendarmes had suiTendered without resistance. The Polish and Hungarian governments have formally demanded dismemberment of their minorities from Czechoslovakia.'^Poland has a minority of about 100,000 within the Czech borders, and Hvmgary has 700,000. WAR Japan’s Attempts . . . ... to tighten its net of war about Hankow by smashing through the rim of the giant mountain saucer, which contains the city, made substantial headway during the past week. At one point northeast of Hankow, the Japanese wedge has penetrated deep through the protective armor. This drive, which began at Schangchen, is following a twisting mountain highway to the southwest, and strikes at the narrowest point in the hilly barrier formed by the Tapieh mountains. Japanese claim they have crossed the summits of the range and are pushing down the inner slopes toward Macheng, at the fringe of the Hankow plain. Chinese officials replied yesterday: “It is ridiculous. That pass is heavily fortified. We can hold it for days. The Japanese are still 40 miles from Macheng.” Once the Japanese push into the plain and reach Macheng they will have level going to Hankow, and a chance to bring their superior mobile armament into play. 17 Strategic Hilltops . . . . . . were reported captured Wednesday by government Spanish militiamen in a new offensive on the Teruel front in the Manzanera sector. Insurgent officers issued a a blanket denial, but the Barcelona government dispatches boasted capture of the hills as well as five villages. Spanish Government . . . . . . heads pledged unconditionally before the League of Nations Wed-
nesday to withdraw at once all nonSpanish volunteers on their side in the present civil war. Premier Juan Negrin made the announcement before the League assembly in Geneva, asking that an international committee be sent •to Spain to verify that the undertaking was carried out. WASHINGTON WPA Agents . . . . . . from Indiana, Ohio, Wisconsin, and Michigan left in Washington this week a demand for 75-cent-per hour wages for Administration employees in their states. Paul Silver headed the invading delegation from the WPA department of the United Automobile Workers. Demands were made in the form of a letter which the group presented to Secretary Marvin H. McInt3rre. In addition to the 75-cent-per-hour rate, the letter asked that workers be allowed to work a total of 120 hours per month. These hours combined with higher rates, would give workers approximately $90 a month. McIntyre promised to place the letter before the President. Autumn,.. . . . brings an increase in the number of workers on WPA rolls, 47.1 per cent of which have never before worked under the WPA. The WPA total is now near the 3,000,000 mark. German Occupation ... ... of Sud6ten-land, according to Washington experts, would entail changes in the United States’ relations with the disputants. The five-month-old reciprocal trade agreement with Czechslovakia would be subject to revision; Sudeten territory would be added to the United States’ blac klist; and immigration quotas for both disputants would undergo changes. Czechoslovakian imports of American automobiles, sodium nitrate prunes, lard, and apples would necessarily drop, but no change is predicted in their output of shoes. The greater part of the Czech shoe factories ai’e not located in the Sudeten area. Frances Perkins . . . . . . United States Secretary of Labor, reports a gain of $12,000,000 a week in pay rolls. During the month her statistics covered, August, non-agricultural employment increased by 320,000. This means an August gain of 8.9 per cent in pay rolls instead of the usual 3 per cent. Steel mills boosted employment by 6,600 and electrical machinery plants increased forces by 3,700. NATIONAL Hurricane Winds . . . . . . touching velocities of 100 miles per hour whipped up the Atlantic seaboard early this week, swept the
IT'S THE PICTURE OF HER DAZZLINTG CAREERI Sonja's the cutest thing on wheels (we mean' ^atesl) as the queen of a co-ed campus! And the incredible ice cli* max will bring you to your feet in wonder and_^light!
N I E ♦ g r'e E N E
^now-deep in the rhythm of Gordon & Revel’s eight new songs!
Starts TODAY
JOAN DAVIS CESAR ROMERO BUDDY EBSEN Arthur Treacher • George Bubier Louise Hovick • Billy Gilbert Patricia Wilder • Paul Hurst
— plus COLOR CARTOON
MMVKTI^
New Jersey, Long Island, and Connecticut coasts, and struck with all its force in Providence, R. I. Thirtyfoot tidal waves added to the general destruction caused by this early fall holocaust. Property damage is estimated at over a half billion dollars. Over 500 lost their lives, many are still missing as Red Cross and other relief agencies struggle against the storm’s grim aftermath, epidemic disease. Armed Peace . . . . . . was the keynote of the 20th annual convention of the American Legion when they met this week in Los Angeles, California. The men who helped to win the World War in 1918, only to find that it did not prove to be a “War to End War,” insist on a powerfully armed peace and neutrality policy that will keep the nation out of an European war.
All over the country students are returning more or less enthusiastically to school. Among the most enthusiastic are 540 inmates of Oklahoma state penitentiary, enrolled in courses ranging from poultry farming to diesel engineering. The Eye Opener, prison paper says, “Smiling faces everywhere testify that the men are glad to be back at their studies. Young men old men, short timers and long timers, last year’s student and new men all flocked into the school room and onto the recreational grounds during this week.” C—C—C Demonstrating their knowledge of the finer points of swing, jitterbugs of the University of California won free tickets to USC football games in a contest conducted by band leader Henry King, master of sweet swing. ^ And while the USC jitterbugs answered questions put to them by King, Oklahoma students put the stamp of approval on a taboo on the “swingaroos” and “jitterbugs.” Advocates of the quiet campus life are cheering the ultimatum preventing any “wild” dancing on the Union ballroom floor.
Getulio Vargas, Jr., son of Brazil’s new nationalist dictator, is a student at John Hopkins University, and unconcerned with the political upheaval in his homeland.
Packed with Matchless Melody Ahandoaed Fun-This is the Top ““ ''P feam qn a spreel
Sfarfs TODAY
Main
ADMISSION Nights and Sundays 40c Week Day Matinees 30c Children Always 10c
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lieliiy
That bright gleam you saw yesterday in the eyes of our co-eds was caused, we hear, by the influx of several thousand Boy Scouts. Even a 5 to 1 ratio isn’t enough for the girls these days . . . did you see VAL ARMSTRONG eyeing the cub scouts in lieu of a Purdue male ? And the men . . . they eyed the GIRL SCOUTS, especially front row grandstand cowboy BENNY BURNS. Last night in the Union a comely girl passed out free Lifesavers to all comers . . . someone please send the smelling salts up to Phi Kappa Sigma’s red headed flash JACK QUINN when he discovers what he missed. From a notice on the Library bulletin board: “For sale, science seniors.” Now just who would buy one and why? He must be pretty disgusted with himself or herself to go up on the PURDUE auction block. One of the more brilliant frosh remarks comes from a South Carolina rhinie, who when questioned about the co-eds replied with a terse “Well . . . they must be smart, they can’t be dumb, too.” BETTY WICKARD slept through her 11 o’clock Wednesday. What’s the dream man’s name, BETTY? FRESHMAN ODE I’ve stood enough Of college stuff. I wanna go home to mommer. “A troop of fish is a school.” [ . . wonder if that means us ? Signs of the times: Rest in Peace The Date Bureau 1938 The green potter said: “There’s something fishy around here. I just asked her what was that tradition about the Biology lions and she
‘The first bump indicates you are kind, the second says you have a sense of humor, and the big one indicates an unhappy home life!”
blushed and walked away.” Thirteen Krafty Kappa Sigs got out the can openers yesterday noon and opened thirteen No. 10 tomatoe cans to reveal thirteen pairs of clean, unsullied yaller cords. Thus did the Kappa Sig e^niors outwit their 18 rhinies, who had turned the house over twenty or thirty times since last Thursday in their fruitless search for the coveted cords. It was Tony Jacklin’s idea. The seniors got together and took their cords to the Lebanon Canning Co.’s factory, where they were sealed in No. 10 cans and labeled “Tomatoes.” In due time, they were delivered to the house and placed with 17 other cans just like them. All of which just goes to show the power of mind over sarsaparilla, or something.
GREAT! .. . because of its two lovable starsi . . . because it’s true to life! .. . because it tears at your heart!
DePauw University’s 750 men students foot most of the “date” bills, but despite those expensive items, spend less in a year than the 450 co-eds.
Women primp for the same reason that men drink—to bolster up morale, according to a psychology professor at DePauI University. They dress chiefly to make an impression on their own sex, rather than to win the approval of men, he declared.
ARC
TODAY — MONDAY
MAE WEST “EmV BAY’S A SQLIDA?" A Poramounl Pictur* AND
MMIMB i^Mim A New universal Picture with William 6AR0AN Judith BARRETT DON WILSON , — ALSO — MICKEY MOUSE
m HENRY LESLIE GENE HULL • FENTON * REYNOLDS
NOW PLAYING
TYRONE POWER ALICE FAYE DON AMECHE
MAiia LUNA
TODAY — TOMORROW
■* (>t|Sunday. Sepfemlser 25. 1938
THE POBDIIE
EXPONENT
Boilermaker B' Team Outpoints Fighting lllini Squad, 7-0
Cinema Cues
Sonja Heinie’s newest picture “My Lucky Star,” in which she is costarred with Eichard Greene, 20th Century Fox’s new leading man, will be shown at the Lafayette theater today through Wednesday. As an American co-ed, the queen of the ice gets an opportunity to dazzle her audience in Plymouth College’s ice carnival when she leads the “Alice in Wonderland” ballet. “Boys Town,” MGM’s dramatic story dedicated to Father Flanagan the founder of the refuge for homeless boys in NebrasJja, is being shown at the Mars today and will continue through Wednesday. Spencer Tracy was the predestined choice for the role of the idealistic priest wliile Mickey Rooney has one of his most dramatic roles to date as “Whitey” the little brother of a gangster. “The Yam,” newest dance hit may be seen at the New Main September 26-28, in “Carefree” latest offering of the team of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers. Ginger is a radio star who is being treated by psychoanalist Fred Astaire, with near-disastrous results. The scene in which the pair are dancing in a dream is one of their best numbers to date. “In Old Chicago,” starring Tyrone Power, Alice Faye and Don Ameche will occupy the screen of the Luna theater today and tomor-
WS6A, YWCA To Sponsor Charm School Series WSGA and YWCA committees are sponsoring a series of charm schools similar to those held in eastern girls’ schools. The first meeting will be held in the women’s lounge in the Union Building on Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock. Two Purdue men will give their views concerning an ideal co-ed. The committees urge all co-eds to come and learn new ideas and ways of becoming more attractive to Purdue eds. Charm school plans to have at least monthly meetings with topics and speakers who will help the coeds. Chairman of the WSGA is Treva Berry and of the YWCA is Catherine Cooley. row in a return engagement. “Battle of Broadway,” musical with Victor McLaglen and Louise Hovick will be shown September 27 and 28 as a double feature with “Trip to Paris,” a comedy featuring Jed Prouty and Shirley Deane. “Every Day’s a Holiday,” with Mae West as a Gay Nineties belle and “Behind the Mike,” a comedy, composes the bill at the Arc today and tomorrow. Rex, the wonder horse, will star in “King of the Wild Horses” September 27-28, as “Lady Behave,” a corned^ featuring Neil Hamilton and Sally Eilers will be the other half of the double feature.
Open evenings until 9 o’clock
OF COURSE!
YOU WANT THE BEST You want to trade with people who know their business. For the past three generations Steigers have been known as competent craftsmen. Our expert fur cutters and designers are at your service in repairing or remodeling your last year’s furs or in giving you a custom made new fur coat. Our cloth coat and suit department is greatly enlarged and ready with a complete line of high quality merchandise at reasonable prices. STEI/GER'S 530 MAIN
Intramural
Friday, September 23 Phi Kappa Sigma, 6; Triangle, 6. Beta Theta Pi, 20; Sigma Nu, 7. Alpha Chi Rho, 4; Phi Pi Phi, 3. Delta Chi, 9; Phi Gamma Delta, 0. Delta Upsilon, 10; Phi Kappa Psi, 9. Acacia, 15; Delta Tau Delta, 6. Lambda Chi Alpha, 16; Kappa Sigma, 8. Phi Delta Theta, 10; Sigma Pi, 5. Pi Kappa Alpha, 2; Theta Xi, 0.
SOFTBALL GAMES —Monday— Diamond 1— Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 2— Delta Upsilon vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 3— Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 4— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Delta Tau Delta. 6—Kappa Sigma vs. Theta Tau. 6— Alpha Chi Rho vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 7— Sigma Pi vs. Phi Pi Phi. 8— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi Delta Theta. 9— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Theta Xi. 10— Delta Chi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 11— Beta Theta Pi vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 12— Theta Chi vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 13— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 16— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Kappa Delta Rho, 17— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Alphq Mu. Dolphins Issue Cali For Frosh Tankmen First call for freshmen swimmr^ and water polo aspirants has been issued jointly by the Dolphin Club, Freshmen interested in trying out honorary swimming society and Dr. Eastwood, frosh swimming coach, for these aquatic teams are asked t osee Dr. Eastwood in his office Room 210 of the Fieldhouse, not later than 4:30, Wednesday, September 28. Frosh swimmers will be entertained by the Dolphin Club in the reception room of the Union Building at 7:30 Thursday, September 29. All freshmen interested -in swimming are invited to attend this meeting. Admission will be free and refreshments will be served.
LEARN TO DANCE BEGINNERS May Enroll In Our NEW BEGINNER’S TLASS Monday, September 26 7:00 P. M. ENROLL NOW 10 Lessons $6.00 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
JhL
f
ielder’a.... «...choic«
Welsch, Abbott, Liebreich, Mcliwain Pace Gold And Black Reserves In Preliminary
The seniors and everyone else except Detroit had a high time yesterday . . . from the depths of frustrated hopes to the heights of realization in two short minutes . . . then on to super heights in another minute. —^fc— The first three touchdowns of the game were scored in the third quarter in three minutes . . . fast work . . . Brown’s 58-yard dash for the tying counter was the game’s sensational high mark . . . out of a clear sky he swept around right end and gave the class of ’39 the chance they had waited for for a span of three years . .. tossing their derbies. —^fc— Detroit’s line was noticeably stronger throughout the contest . . althoqgh it wasn’t so apparent after the third quarter . . . their enthusiasm also waned after Purdue’s score . . . the team greeted players coming off the field vigorously at first.. . after the Boilermaker scoring spree they only responded halfheartedly . . . the school as a whole, however, showed more pep than has been seen here for quite a while, considering all factors. —^fc— Byelene gives promise of really going places from the indications of hjs first varsity game ... passing to Krause for the second touchdown and then pushing through the line in the last two minutes of play for the third would rate any sophomore as one of the up and coming threats. —^fc— Orchids to Brock also whose consistent gains paved the way to a win ... a Charley horse took him out of the game but hje’ll be all right . . . the whole squad'carries off the honors . . . we’re on our way now. —^fc— “Tarzan” Stubby Meier’s cheerleaders deserve a lot of credit, too ... at last we have some classy leading of cheers ... a factor which has been noticeably lacking in the past . . . they worked all last week to get into the polished form that they displayed yesterday. Triad Banquet Date Changed To Tuesday Members of the executive boards of WSGA, WAA, and YWCA will meet for the annual Triad banquet at 6 p. m., Tuesday, September 27, instead of Wednesday, September 28, at 6:30 a. m., as was previously announced in the Exponent. Tickets may be purchased by board members from Louise Daniel^ WAA social chairman or Treva Berry, WSGA social chairman. The price is 60 cents, unless part of the cost is paid by the organization.
BOILERMAKERS
ahSL otL jthsiA, waj^ Yesterday’s win marks the first step of a tough schedule now we know that you will be watching a great team when you see these "Boilermakers” go. PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama
After You We Come First Phone 4048
Summary— (Continued from page 1)
Nesbitt picked up another, putting the ball on the five yard line. Elward then sent in John Petty, sophomore fullback, to try a field goal, but the attempt was no good, and the first dangerous threat of the game was stopped. The Titans were not content with having stopped the sudden rush of the Boilermakers, but added insult to injury when Ghesquire executed a quick kick which traveled 74 yards before it was downed on the Boilermaker five yard line. From then on the play was almost altogether in Gold and Black territory until the last play of the first haK, when Brock threw a 38 yard pass to Mackiewicz for the Boilermakers’ first successful aerial play of the game. Half score: Purdue, 0; Detroit, 0. Third Quarter Detroit again kicked off. Brown returning the ball 23 yards to the Boilermaker 31. Play was even for the first five minutes of the second half. Then Brown fuAibled on the Boilermaker 17 yard line, and the Titans recovered. A pass Began to McMillan, gained four yards, Palumbo drove down to the five yard line before being stopped by Brock, and the Titans had a first down just inside the Boilermaker five yard line. On the next play, with only six minutes left to play in the third quarter, McDermott smashed off tackle for the remaining distance and a touchdown for the Titans. Chesney’s attempted conversion was no good, and Detroit led, 6 to 0. Detroit Kicks Off Detroit kicked off, the ball going out of bounds, and the Boilermakers took the ball on their own 3$ yard line. Ippolito lost a yard, Byelene gained three, and Byelene then passed to Thursby for seven yards, but the Titans were penalized five yards, putting the ball on the Boilermaker 42 yard line, third down and three to go. On the next play. Brown rounded right end and ran the remaining 58 yards to a touchdown. Petty’s place kick for the extra point was low and the score was tied, 6 to 6. It took only one minute and 23 seconds for the Boilermakers ' to double their score. Morningstar kicked off, and the Titans brought the ball back to the 24 yard line. On the first play 206-pound Barritt crashed into the line and fumbled, Morningstar recovei ing the ball for the Boilermakers on the 28-yard line. Pass Fails Nesbitt tossed a pass for Byelene but it was grounded, Byelen then dropped back and heaved a long pass to Jack Krause, junior end, who caught it and stepped across the goal for another score. Nesbitt’s attempt for the extra point was blocked, but Shackleton scooped the ball up and carried it over the goal. Score, Purdue, 13; Detroit, 6. A fumble by Nesbitt gave the Titans the ball on the Riveters’ 83 yard line, and Palumbo’s pass to Chesney was good for eight yards as the third quarter ended. Fourth Quarter The teams were about even during the early minutes of the last period, with Brock and Ghesqueire passing .with little effect until Lou Brock was forced out of the game with an injury after about five minutes of play. Gains by Byelene fea-
With the heat of Old Sol pouring down in all of his glory at noon yesterday in Ross-Ade Stadium, Elmer Burnham’s Purdue “B” team smothered out a 7-0 victory over the University of Illinois “B” team in the Detroit preliminary contest. Purdue’s touchdown was scored by Mcliwain from the two-yard line in the second quarter. ^ It was the playing of big Jimmy Welsch, hard diiving halfback for Purdue, that proved to be the stimulus that eventually led to the Gold and Black touchdown. Although the Fighting lllini had the Purdue eleven back on their heels many times, the punting of Ray Abbott, Purdue left end, continually kept the Gold and Blue oUt of deep Boilermaker territory. Liebreich, Purdue fullback, also provided some nice gains for the winners. White, the visitors’ left halfback, was the main threat to the Boilermakers. First Quarter With Elwood Yeager doing most of the ball carrying, the Gold and Blacks managed to outgain the visiting Illinois club during the initial quarter but failed to get within the lllini 20-yard line. Late in the first period, Illinois started a drive from their own 15-yard line, which finished at the quarter on Purdue’s 40-yard line. Second Quarter It looked as if the visiting eleven would continue their drive into Purdue territory, but with the ball on the Purdue 31-yard line, the Gold and Black line held and Abbott then kicked out of bounds on the Illinois 14-yard line. Illinois immediately punted back, but the punt was hurried and went out of bounds on the lllini 40-yard line. On the first Purdue play, Welsch drove terrifically over left tackle for six yards; on the next play the same Welsch smashed his way straight through the Illinois secondary for 30 yards to the Illinois four yard line. In two plays, Mcliwain finished carrjdng the ball over the goal for six points. With Liebreich holding the leather. Gale place kicked the point after touchdown. Third Quarter During the third period Illinois held possession of the ball the majority of the time, with the Boil-, ermakers content to play defensive ball. Abbott’s punts, averaging 45 yards, kept the Orange and Blue out of scoring territory time after time. Fourth Quarter The Purdue eleven almost scored several times during the final quarter, but a fast charging Illinois line stemmed the Riveters’ tide. In the fourth period, Liebreich, Purdue fullback made off on three long runs, but the Illinois safety man managed to catch the flying Boilermaker deep in lllini territory. Elinois filled the q,ir with passes during the last minutes but all of their passes were inaccurate and none were completed.
turede the Boilermaker attack during the remained of the game. He made a first down on a 12 yard end run, then a few plays later returned a Detroit punt 19 yards from the Titan 44 yard line. After Brown picked up three yards, Byelene ripped through the tackle position and pulled away from five Detroit tacklers to drive across the goal for a touchdown from the 26 yard line. Hennis’ kick was no good, and the score stood 19 to 6 with less than two minutes remaining in the game. An intercepted Titan pass gave to the Riveters possession of the ball for^^the rest of the game.
DAD’S PLACE-So Handy Offers you a complete new stock of everything in our line. Everything as fresh as money can buy. Dad gives as fast service as human hands can work.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Squcnre SHEAFFER, PARKER PENS AND PENCILSDei’bies, mustaches, canes, yellow cords, jerkins, gold peppers, gold jackets and a few cigars—these were a few of the sights seen yesterday in connection with the annual senior day. Although the weather was more suitable for a rousing baseball game, the everpresent thrill and glamor that is characteristic of Purdue football games was quite evident at yesterday’s contest. The seniors are to be congratulated on their enthusiasm and readiness to carry on a great tradition. —H—H— A literary treat you won’t want to miss this year is the literary magazine “Scrivener” published by the Sciivener Club, honorary writing organization. The magazine will be published three times this year, and the material used is really of literary value. _H—H— The Phi Psis have really a neat idea for outdoor exercise this fall. They have a badminton court in their side yard, and seem to spend a lot of time playing this newly popular sport. _H—H— Tyrolean hats similar to those used by Swiss mountain climbers have hit a new high in Dame Fashion’s favor and are seen around the campus. Pi Phi Ruth Zimmerman wears one of teal blue made from fur felt. The style is also being adopted by eds. Harry Nevin has brought one of the toppers back to school with him from his European tour, which he wears very jauntily. —H—H— This year’s squad of yell leaders certainly showed some new technique in their group magament yesterday. Stubby Meiers deserves a lot of credit for his clever work in training his assistants and originating such clever formations. —H—H— Senior day was made really complete by the unusually bright backdrop used in the ballroom last night. 'The decorations featured the figures of a senior ed and co-ed dressed in characteristic garb, and provided ^ a realistic setting for the annual cord dance.
U
CASUAL SMARTNESS- # College men were quick to •ease the practical side of these goodlooking, easy-going, thick-crepe-rub-ber-cushioned oxfords- They live in diem- On the campus or off the campus. Freeman Campus Creepers fill the bill for general sports and street wear . -. and how they wearOraduate From “Sneaker^ To Camput Creeperg ^5 and X-ray fitting A.B.C Shoe Company 406 Main Street
Do you feel that you are carrying the weight of the University upon your shoulders? It’s a feeling that comes naturally with the average twenty-f6ur hour schedule. So it’s time you enjoyed yourself and had a good laugh. Margaret Halsey’s “With Malice Toward Some” is just the thing for you. Her year in England with her professor-husband provides amusing raw material for her ingenious wit. The author’s manner of saying things makes the reader relax into frequent audible chuckles. Thorne Smith produces his hilarious effect by picturing ludicrious situations—Margaret Halsey wins her readers by her inimitable descriptions of real situations, people, and surroundings in general. She describes people as they view Venus de Milo; ‘ “A subdued but ceaseless activity murmurs around the Venus de Milo, and singly or in little groups, people trickle unfailingly up to it. They look at it with curiosity from the front, but by the time they have moved around for a side view, they have begun to remember that it is a masterpiece. The scrutiny from the lear, now thoroughly self-conscious and unhappy, is followed first by a quick glance around to see whether anyone is watching and then by a studiously leisured departure. About one person in six turns aiourtd again, when he has gotten twenty feet or so away, for a final painstaking stare.” -
Glee Club: Special rehearsal Tuesday afternoon, September 27, at 5 o'clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. —WORCESTER.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, September 27, in room 254 of the Electrical Engineering Building at 7:30 p. m. —GANNON.
TYPEWRITERS—^All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, retated and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
Student Health Workers; Pay checks are ready at the Student Health Service for students who assisted with physical examinations during registration. (9-25) —MILLER.
SAME ZIPPER CORDS sell 60c cheaper at DEWENTERS. Say R. P. Manion sent you.
FOR SALE—1927 Dodge sedan—good condition. Call Henkel 76168.
Military Sophomores: Sophomores who have two F. A. Books No. 200 may turn in the new copy for full credit between Thursday, September 22 and Thursday, September 29th. —HOLMES.
LOST—On the intramural Held, a pipe. Finder call W. F. Mertz, Cary Ilall East.
SAVE ON SLIDE RULES—10-16% discount on K. & E Rules. See me before you buy. Phone 36563, Howard.
P. I. A.: Position of Men’s Activities Chairman is vacant on the PIA executive board Juniors feeling they have the proper recommendations should state them in petition form. All petitions must be in the PIA office by 6:00 p. m. Monday, September 26 —WELLS.
Registration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during the September registration may obtain their checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. (9-26) —STONE.
Sophomore Co-ed Exponent Workers; Permanent schedule is as follows : Monday— Carroll, Burtsfield, Butz, Schlitter; Tuesday —Pickering, Simpson, Jakes ; Wednesday— Short, Miller, Briscoe, Sebast; Thursday— Carroll, Jakes, Schlitter, Joy; Friday—Butz, Briscoe, Sebast, Pickering, Totten; Saturday—Short, Miller, Joy. (9-27) —McKEE.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 51 1 Ferry St. Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
Editor’s Note: This article is one of a series to acquaint the Purdue student with the new and the most popular of books in the Browsing Room of the Memorial Union Building. These articles will appear in the Sunday morning Exponent each week.
Christian Science Organization: Regular weekly meeting at 7 :30 p m., Tuesday, September 27, in the Union Building. See Tuesday’s Exponent for room —DRISCOLL.
Senior Orchesis Members: Compulsory meeting Monday, September 26 at 4 p m in Women’s Gym —SICKMAN Co-eds: All women students interested in joining the Modern Dance Club will please report to Women’s Gym Tuesday, September
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Locksmith,,
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairijig Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
• Professional
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Shop Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
STEPPING OUT? Be sure of perfect laundered shirts when stepping out with your best girl friend.... Our new equipment guarantees shirts you'll be proud to wear.
West Side Office, 132 Vine St. —10% Discount on Laundry AMERICAN LAUNDRY
Give Yourself the Start You Need With Months of Hard Studying Ahead — Don't Tax Your Energy You'll feel better and work better if you drink lots of milk. It's the great energy food. And you're getting the finest there is when it's from SUNSHINE FARMS
hleP
HONES
CHESNy
T ROOM
barbe||
1 SHOP
BILLIArP
Is
- io|
NGES
GAMg
ROOM
BROW^
ING ROOM
CHEg
|k room
SWEET S||
OP
bQ
IWLING
gr|
LL LOUNGE
MUSI^
\ ROOM
caeE
JERIA
RECREATION PopidaA, OadainL!
fiWuluSL ^Yyisufifw^LcdL lAmmL Corner of the Campus —Yet Center of Activities / /
> 1
0'