Students To Greet Teem A team welcome will form in the village at 4 p. m. today from where it will march across the levee to the Wabash station to greet the returning football team. The affair is sponsored by Gimlet and Reamer clubs. Wabash officials announced that the train would arrive at 4:45. The station is located at the ^prie and Ferry street corner, One block north of Main street.
< WASHINGTON Tom Mooney . .. . . , received another setback this week when the Supreme Court justices voted down his request for review of''the lower court decision which jailed him for life. Mooney has for 20 years been «' fighting the charges against him, charges which accuse him of complicity in the 1916 San Francisco bombing. ^ Although refused the review, Mooney, through his counsel, obtained permission to file a petition for a writ of habeas corpus within * the next 20 days. Chief Justice Hughes granted this. Chicago... * ... will soon be proud possessor of a $37,910,000 subway, now that PWA Administrator Harold L. ^ Ickes has recommended for President Roosevelt’s approval a PWA grant of $18,000,000 toward the underground construction. <' Of two submitted plans, Ickes accepted the more i far-sighted one, which was planned to form the nucleus for a great Chicago subway system in the future. F. D. R.’s... . . . second-to-none naval program t must be accelerated next year with an increase of $150,000,000, the President announced this week. According to FDR, the increase is ^ needed for construction of new warships. This addition will bring the naval appropriation to a peace-time high , of $700,000,000. Senator Wheeler ... ... (D. Mont.) late last week stated that the WPA is a “politicians’ * racket” in some of the areas it covers. Wheeler insisted that, “WPA workers are becoming dissatisfied because they see so many politif Clans being appointed to white collar jobs, see WPA being used as a political racket.”
Purdue Exponent
October 16, 1938 Lafayette, hidiana
Vol. 50
No. 29
Oiveters RHatch Oam Power, 6-6 Lodde Confet To Three Houses Fete Brock's Touchdown Ties Score After Activity Sophs To Start October 25 Exchange Students Backs Put Up Great Defensive Game irunionA74p.m.
Preliminaries for the Lodde contest, annual co-ed public speaking competition, will be held October 25. Girls desiring to participate may report tq University Hall 101, any afternoon before October 24, where they will be notified of the time and place of elimination. Any co-ed, organized or unorganized, who is regularly enrolled in the University is eligible, except those who have been members of the conference debate squad. Final elimination will be held October 26 at 7:30 in the Home Economics Auditorium. Six minute-speeches may be chosen from one of the following topics: “Purdue’s Famous Grads,” “What a Cored Thinks of War,” “Fashion Trends,” “Is Purdue a Man’s Campus,” “Modern Dancq,” “How to Improve Purdue,” “Traditions of Old Purdue,” “Model Freshmen,” “Campus Jitterbugs,” or “Importance of Student Activities in Campus Life.”
At Reception Today Sponsored jointly by Phi Kappa Psi, Beta Theta Pi, and Phi Delta Theta, a reception for their exchange students, Paul Carrara of Italy, Rheinhard Rail of Germany, and Jan Olaf Lundburg of Sweden, will be held this afternoon from 4 to 6 p. m. at the Beta house. All three students have received their )V[. E. degrees, Carrara from the University of Rome, Lundburg from University of Stockholm, and Rail from the University of Berlin. Carrara is here to study metallurgy, Lundburg, industrial management, and Rail to do graduate work in mechanical engineerinig. All students and faculty members are invited by the three houses to attend the reception. Music Room Artists
Radio Broadcast Announce Program
< FOREIGN Four-Power Settlement . . . ... of Hungary’s territorial de- ^ mands against Czechoslovakia was asked by Hungarian delegates this week after no agreement could be ^ reached in confeience with Czechs in the border town of Komarom. Hungaiy’s premier Bela Imredi, threatened mobilization unless the ^ four-powers—Great Britain, Italy, France, and Germany—gave favorable reply. Jerusalem Arabs Killed . . . . . . Hassan Sidky El Dajany, prominent Moslem lawyer who refused to campaign against Jews and British authorities. The slaying followed a day of terror in which 25 Arabs were killed. Dr. Paul Joseph Goebbels . . . . . . German minister of propaganda arrived in Vienna Friday to check public opinion in the tense church question arising there, according to unauthoritative reports. Dr. Goebbels came to Vienna following a series of demonstrations against the church which began last week after a fiery speech by Theodore ^ Cardinal Innitzer to 10,000 followers in St. Stephen’s Cathedral. Col. Charles A. Lindbergh .. . ^ ... again made newspaper headlines when, after his air tour of Europe, he was alleged to have made statements that the German ^ air force could defeat Russian, British, and French forces combined. Eleven Soviet aviation leaders re- ^ taliated by denouncing Colonel (Continued on page 2)
To Honor Purdue As a salute to the University, Russ Morgan and his orchestra with the Swing Fourteen will play “For The Honor of Old Purdue” next Tuesday evening at 7 p. m. over National Broadcasting Company’s red network on the Philip Morris program. This is a series of programs conducted by the Philip Morris cigarette company. Each week it pays tribute to one university. Sigma Nu, Kappa Delta Rho Play In Gqlf Finals Today Fraternity golf finals will be played this afternoon between the Sigma Nu and Kappa Delta Rho teams. The playoff between Hill, representing Kappa Delta Rho and Dahl of Sigma Alpha Epsilon, who half points apiece, resulted in a hal fpoints apiece, resulted in a victory for Hill and enabled him to enter with his teammates in the finals. Holders... ... of Playshop season tickets may reserve seats for the first Playshop production, “Room Service,” any time after 3 p. m. tomorrow, at the office in Eliza Fowler Hall. The play, a Broadway hit last year, will run from October 26 through October 29. Co-eds Of Voting Age To Organize 71' Club Co-eds who plan to vote in the state or county election this fall should attend the meeting of the “21” Club tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the YWCA office. The purpose of the organization is to acquaint co-eds with qualifications for citizenship and voting.
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair, slightly warmer in north and south portions today.
Two-piano arrangements will feature the recital by Winifred and Gordon Graves in the music room of the Union at 4 o’clock this afternoon. The program is as follows: Chorales— Jesus Joy of Man’s Desire by J. S. Bach, arranged by Guest. Sheep May Safely Graze by J. S. Bach, arranged by Mary Howe. Organ Fugue in E-Flat, and St. Anne’s Fugue, arranged by Mr. Graves. Sonota for Two Pianos by W. F. Bach. Allegro. Andante. Presto. Poultry Course Starts Tomorrow According to Prof. C. W. Garrick, head of the department of poultry husbandry, 35 applications have been turned in for enrollment to the poultry short course to be held here during the next two weeks beginning toomorrow. The course is to be divided into discussion periods in the mornings and laboratory instruction during afternoons. Discussions will be directed by the University staff. Laboratory instruction will be handled by W. B~. Werner, Purdue graduate now in charge of inspection of flock improvement work throughout the state. Tomorrow Last Day For Senior Pictures All seniors who have not had their pictures taken must have them taken tomorrow in room A of the Union from 8 a. m. to 3 p. m. A list of these seniors appears on page three of this issue. If, for any reason, any member of the class of ’39 has not been previously contacted, he is also asked to report tomorrow. Anyone who has not had his picture taken by 3 p. m. tomorrow will have to go to the Dexheimer-Carlon studios in Indianapolis.
Minnesota 7, Michigan 6. Northwestern 0, Ohio State 0. Iowa 27, Chicago, 14. Nebraska 0, Indiana 9. Notre Dame 14, Illinois 6.
Pittsburgh 26, Wisconsin 6. Princeton 13, Pennsylvania 0. Butler 12, DePauw 0. Syracuse 19, Cornell 17. & Colgate 12, Columbia 0.
POLO GROUNDS, N. Y., Oct. 15.—A sudden power drive early in the fourth quarter, started and finished by Lou Brock, gave the Boilermakers a 6-6 tie with the Fordham Rams yesterday afternoon in the fifth game of the current series between the two teams, played before a crowd of 32,000 fans. Three times in the first half the Boilermakers stopped the Rams in the shadow of the goal. Once the Rose Hill eleven had a first down on the five yard line, but the Gold and Black held for four plays and took the ball inside the one yard line. Finally in the third quarter, Eshmont broke loose on the 50 yard line, and the sophomore halfback, displaying a brilliant piece of openfield running, carried the ball across the goal for the Fordham score. The kick was wide.
Brock Scores
Brock took a punt on the Boilermaker 35 yard line early in the last quarter and brought the ball back to the Fordham 37 yard line. DeWitte and Brown moved it down to the 32, and on the next play Brown tossed a pass to Brock, who caught it and was immediately tackled on the Ram 25 yard line. Brown then circled right end and drove down to the seven yard line, from where Brock swept around the other flank and trotted across to tie the score. Hennis held the ball as Brock attempted the place kick for the extra point, but it went wide, and the day’s scoring was over. The summary follows:
First Quarter
Fordham wins the toss. Humphrey kicks off to the 6 yard line. Beal returns to the Fordham 24yard line. Principe goes off center for two yards to the 26. Beal is stopped cold by Britt in an attempt to round right end. Verplank drops Beal two yards behind the line. Fourth and 10. “Kazlo punts to the Purdue 36 where the ball is downed. Ippolito gains five on a reverse. Principe stops him. Brock gains four yards around right end, Principe shoves him out of bounds. Kochel drops Brown for a three yard loss on the Boilermaker 32-yard line. Brock kicks to the Rams’ 18 yard line where it is downed by
Britt.
Principe goes off right tackle for four yards, stopped by Britt. Principe goes off left tackle for four more, again tackled by Britt. Kazlo punts to Brock on the Boilermaker 47, and Brock is stopped in his tracks by Dennery. Dennery is hurt on the play, and goes out of the game. Bintz replaces Dennery. Purdue First Down Brown sweeps around left end for 10 yards and a first down for the Boilermakers on the Fordham 43 yard line. Fordham is penalized five yards on the next play to their 38. Brock’s pass to Bi’itt is intercepted by Hayes on the Ram 33 yard line at which point Britt drops him. Ippolito is hurt, but stays in the game. Fordham’s first and 10 on their own 33 yard line. Kazlo quick kicks out on the Boilermaker 43 yard line. Brown crosses right tackle for eight yards, but Fordham is penalized five yards for being offside. Brown jumps over the Fordham line for four yards to the Ram 48 yard line. Ippolito crashes off left guard to within inches of a first down. Ippolito smashes through center for three yards and a first down on the Ram 45 yard line. Brock Makes 10 Yards Offside penalty on the Boilermakers puts the ball on the mid-field mark. Brown picks up three yards. Brock rounds right end for 10 yards to the Fordham 37 yard line. Brown fails to gain on an off-tackle smash. Purdue takes time out with fourth down and two yards to go on the Ram 37 yard line. Brock punts out of bounds on the Fordham 11 yard
line.
Principe goes off center for two yards, before Whitey Johnson stops him. Beal crosses left tackle for 15 yards and a first down on the Fordham 28 yard line, stopped by Brown. Principe gains eight yards around right end. Kazlo runs to the Boilermaker 40 yard line where Hennis pushes him out of bounds. Principe rounds right end for nine yards before Ippolito shoves him out of bounds. Rankin and Momingstar go in for Mackiewicz
All sophomores interested in working on the activities bureau are asked to meet tomorrow in room F of the Union at 4:00 p. m. Everyone who intends to work on the bureau must be present at this meeting and report to Leon Jacobson, bureau head, or Carl Lutz, junior manager. Only a limited number of sophomores will be accepted, and they will be assigned to committees under one of the junior managers. Girls are especially urged to report since there is a definite place on the secretarial staff for them. WSGA To Offer Training School For Sophomores In order to acquaint and educate future workers and officers with the organization, WSGA will hold a sophomore training school beginning Tuesday, October 26. The sophomore group will meet in the WSGA office on Tuesdays and on Thursdays at 4 o’clock.
and Humphrey, respectively, for the
Boilermakers.
Nice Work, Lou
Principe goes over for three yards and a first down. Kazlo loses two yards, stopped by Momingstar. Kazlo passes. Brock intercepting on
the 13 yard line.
Brock quick kicks to Krywicki at midfield where Ippolito gets him before he takes a step. Fordham time out. Spehn replaces Rankin. Yudikaitis replaces Jacunski. Principe gains 13 yards for a first down. Principe picks up twq, more. Hvolak gains three yards, stopped by Spehn. Eshmont drives to the Boilermaker 29 yard line for another first down. Hovolak is dropped for a nine yard loss on the Boilermaker 38 yard line as the first quarter ends. Fordham, 0; Purdue, 0. DeWitte replaces Ippolito.
Second Quarter
Hovolak gains 15 yards to the Boilermaker 23 yard line. Eshmont’s pass to Dennery is knocked down. Hovolak picks up three yards, but fails to make a first down. Purdue takes the ball on its
own 20 yard line.
Brock gains five yards over the center of the Fordham line. Brown is stopped for no gain. Brock punts to Fortunado on the Ram 35 yard line. Britt and Spehn stop him on the Fordham 43 yard line. The Rams are penalized five yards for offsides on the next play. Eshmont quick kicks to the Boilermaker 15 yard line, but the play is called back. Rankin, Rossi, Maloney, Bykowski, and Vergane come in for the Boilermakers. Rams are again penalized five yards; first down and 20 yards to go for Ford-
ham.
Principe drives through for 19 yards to the Boilermaker 48. Mihal and Diehl come in at tackle for the Boilermakers; Humphrey re-
turns at center.
Three First Downs Eshmont crosses right tackle for a first down on the Gold and Black 43 yard line. Hovolak goes around end for one yard. Eshmont crosses right tackle to the Boilermaker 20 yard line for another first down. Eshmont picks up two yards at right tackle. Hovolak goes to the Purdue five yard line for a first down, a gain of 13 yards. Principe makes a yard at center. Principe crashes through the line for two yards to the two yard line. Eshmont is stopped half a yai*d from the goal line as he attempts to cross right tackle. Fordham takes time out with fourth down and a half a yard to go for a touchdown. Principe plunges into the center of the line, and is stopped cold by the Boilermaker forward wall. Boilermakers take the ball a half yard from their own goal. Brock stands a yard from the end of the end zone, and punts to
Eshmont on the Boilermaker 33, where Mihal stops him. Hovolak gains four yards. (Six minutes left to play) Eshmont goes over right tackle to the Boilermaker 24 yard line where he is tackled by Hennis, Principe, Hovolak, Krywicki try a double reverse, and take the ball to the 23 yard line for a first down. Hennis Hurt Eshmont crosses right tackle, and drives to the eight yard line for another first down; Hennis is hurt on the play and is replaced by Montague. Principe goes off right on the play, and is replaced by Montague on the seven yard line. Eshmont rounds right end, but is shoved out of bounds by Mackiewicz on the nine yard line for a two yard loss. Principe goes over center for five yards to the four yard tine, fourth down. Principe crosses right tackle; stopped on the one yard line. Boilermakers take the ball over on the one yard line. Byelene replaces Brock. Brown, standing in the end zone, punts out of bounds on the Boilermaker 29 yard line. Four minutes remain in the first half. Hovolak gains one yard around left end. Kazlo passes. Brown intercepting on the Boilermaker five yard line and returning to the Purdue 23 yard line. The pass was intended for Dennery. Brown is thrown for a six yard loss to the 17 .yard line. Ippolito goes over right tackle for three yards. Brown punts to the 45 yard line, where Krywicki gets it, fakes a lateral to Hovolak, and goes on down to the Boilermaker 10 yard line, where Brown runs him out of bounds. One minute to play. Kazlo picks up a yard to the nine yard line. Kazlo’s pass to Hovolak is intercepted by Montague on the two-yard line. He brings it back to the seven. Boilermakers attempt a line play as the first half ends. Third Quarter Bintz kicks off to the 30 where it is returned to the 33 yard line. Nesbitt goes off center to the 34, a one yard gain. Nesbitt’s pass to Byelene is incomplete. Byelene is thrown back on the 29 yard line by Kochel, a five yard loss. Nesbitt punts to the Fordham 23 yard line where Mackiewicz downs the ball. Eshmont goes off right tackle for two yards, where Ippolito stops him on the 25 yard line. Heame goes around right end to the Ram 46 yard Une, a 21 yard gain, for a first down before Byelene stops hint. Eshmont goes through center for four yards, where Humphrey halts him. Eshmont goes through the line for 50 yards and a touchdown. Fordjham 6, Purdue 0. Hovolak place kicks, but it goes wide. Brown and Brock go in for Nesl^itt and Byelene. Bintz kipks off to the five yard line. Brock returns it to the Boiler(Continued on page 3)f::
¥'y
SdUb/ual
THE PUHDUE EXPONENT
J’SuduJlM
Sunday, October 16, 1938
It-
NEWS of the WEEK
(Continued from page 1) Lindbergh as a “stupid liar” and accusing him of backing up Prime Minister Chamberlain’s arguments for the surrender of Czechoslovakia.
Premier Mussolini authorized the move ostensibly to improve AngloItalian relations.
WAR Japanese Troops... . . . over 40,000 strong, landed from 70 transports near Hong Kong on Wednesday, striking a new major offensive spear into South China. Nipponese warplanes blew up three bribes on the Canton-Hong Kong railroad to break this all-important Chinese life-line. Jap planes flew over Canton Fri- , day, dropped leaflets demanding the surrender under threat of “complete and thorough bombing.” Land and air forces struck toward Waichow, 82 miles east of Canton and 53 miles north of Hong Kong, with planes killing 1,000 people during bombing raids over the town. Hankow is rushing ten divisions 500 miles to Canton’s Kwangtung province, present battleground of South China. Reinforcements will aid besieged provincial troops estimated to number 500,000 to 1,000,000. Heaviest Fighting ... ... in months raged along Spain’s Ebro river front last week. Wave after wave of Loyalist militiamen, protected by heavy artillery fire, swept across the Santa Madalena Ravine, captured the strategic Pandols moimtains, threatened Gandesa itself. Friday a new insurgent offensive against Barcelona appeared probable when Generalissimo Francisco Franco moved strong new forces into the Ebro and Segre river fronts. 10,000 Italian... . . . legionnaires sailed for home from Spain aboard two troop ships last week after fighting for 20 long months in the Loyalist lines. Coupled with the Spanish government’s demobilization of foreign troops,
LAFAYiTTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry St. Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling caid to a High School Annual
NATIONAL “Oil Village” ... . . . was an eight-acre inferno of flame this week when 15 tanks in the Standard Oil Company’s enclosure at Linden, New Jersey, were touched off by explosion of a 1,680 gallon tank. Over 1,500 firemen and volunteers worked at a killing pace to keep the fire from spreading to other units of the nation’s largest oil center. Unofficial estimates of the damage done ran well over $1,000,000. E. C. Segar... . . . world famous creator of “Popeye the Sailor,” died at his home in Santa Monica, Calif., this week. Segar had been ill for several months, suffered from a rare ailment affecting the spleen. Barred From Entry.. . ... to the United States last week was Evelyn John St. Loe Strachey, British writer on Communism and one-time object of deportation proceedings in this country. Immigration officials ordered him held on board the Normandie for a night; next day he was transferred to Ellis Island for an appearance before a board of inquiry. Back In 1894 ... . . . Will Purvis, tried and found guilty of the murder of a neighbor, mounted the steps of the Marion County gallows to pay the supreme penalty. The trap was sprung and Purvis plummeted downward, but the noose slipped and the doomed man fell to the floor unharmed. Then followed the long legal battle, the outcome of which exonerated Will Purvis in the eyes of the law.
ARC SUNDAY - MONDAY Fredric March Francisca Gaal
"The Buccaneer" — also — Short - Popeye Cartoon ... March of Time ...
TODAY — MONDAY
FIED UUSIAI HAHRIET HILLIARD' U TUC SID I
Starts TODAY
WRH Presidents Appoint ' Hait Committee Chairmen
Jean Ragsdale, president of WRH North, was in charge of the first WRH business meeting held Thursday night. The meeting, attended by co-eds from both halls, was held in South Hall. Phyllis Julian, president of South Hall, presented the budget which was accepted by the residents, and Joan Wimborough read the social program for the year. The following committee chairman were appointed by the two presidents: South Hall, Barbara Warren, social; nJanet Bowine, scjholarship; Jane W interrowd, hospitality; ' Mollie Harding, group singing; Mary Jane Bird, flowers; Mary Helen Baum, intramural teams; Gertrude Noble, charm school; Edna Mae Lewis, WRH trade dinners; Ilda Irwin, fall dance; Mary Louise Laswell, home,_coming; Betty Frazee, Hallowe’en dinner; Katherine Ade, library; Betty McCann, Boosters. North Hall committee chairmen are: Betty Baird, music; Josinah Allen, flowers; Ann Sickman, sports; Mira Lewis, charm school; Mary Elizabeth Henry, scholarship; Mary Louise Goff, boosters; Jean Chandler, homecoming social; Bonnie Jean Cox, hospitality; and Esther Beil, hall dinners.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Uebty
A deathbed confession by the actual killer 25 years later exonerated him But this week, Purvis, who became nationally known as “the man who was hanged and yet lived” died in the Lumberton, Miss., hospital with his wife and 11 children at his bedside.
Yep, ye gold diggers brawl was super. And profitable, too! Chi 0 JANE FISHLEIGH landed a DU pin during the evening. “RED” CHRISTIANSON supplied the gold for the digging.
While on the subject of pins, SAE FINLEY is said to have lost his badge last week. A few days later CACKY DAVIS was beaming because the treasure had been found. Will there be another pin in the Theta house before long?
The lads in Cary Hall East have time on their hands these nights, so they have figured out a budget for struggling young men matrimonially inclined. Their thesis is called “How to Live On $15 a Week” and includes: Whiskey and Beer $8.80 Wife’s Beer 1.65 Meat, fish and groceries .. On credit Rent Pay next week Mid-week liqudr 1.50 Coal Borrow from neighbors Life Insurance (wife’s) ...: .50 Cigars .20 Movies 1..... .60 Pinochle Club 50 Hot tip on, horses .50 Dog food 60 Snuff : .40
“Well, then can I have tomorrow off ? If the Yankees keep winning that’ll positively be the last day of my grandmother’s funeral!”
Poker game ......
1.40,
THE BOY WITH THE VOICE OF LIQUID GOLD AND THE TOT WITH THE MAGIC SKATES! are here in this grand new heart warming show that's packed to the brim with melody and romance
A
NOW SHOWING Also Latest News Events Cross and Dunn Comedy
Total $16.65 This mean going into debt, so cut out the wife’s beer. Little Jack Homer Sat in a comer
And cried in His jigger of gin. He stuck in his digit And fished out a midget. Who gurgled: “Ish shwell—come on in!” —Daily lllini.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square SHEAFFER, PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
!
THCY'BB
Slarfs TODAY
The brothers BMCEanrf' S«OI/
I'. I. o-’r- ihf MOVIE QUIZ . T; n;Qr' , r-r C’ O r?" F S T P IQ T 0 R E .S
In the UNION CLUB Every Room ATTRACTIVELY FURNISHED with Private Bath, Telephone and Modern, Comfortable Furniture
IMMACULATELY CLEAN
Please Your Guests by Making Reservations
fiWvdjUSL ^YlfUumj^wL UnjuHL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of ActivitiesSunday# October 16, 1938
THE PDBDUE
EXPONENT
Bodeau Leads Purdue Cross Country Team To 23-32 Victory Over Illinois Purdue’s cross country team paced by Captain Bodeau’nicely avenged last year’s 29-26 defeat at the hands of Illinois by win-
ning a close meet yesterday 23-32.
The meet, which was run over the old course, ended between the halves of the “B” team game at Ross-Ade Stadium. Bodeau led the pack in the fast ———i—
time of 18 minutes 28 seconds, his fastest time of the year. He was followed in by Yarcho and Brown of Illinois. The Boilermakers garnered the next four places with Illinois taking the last three scoring
positions.
Although it was Bodeau’s fastest time of the year, it did not approach the course record which is 17 minutes and 40 seconds.
Game
Summary (Continued from page 1)
TOUCHBALL PRACTICE
—MONDAY— 1— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Phi Pi Phi. Smithson. 2— ^Phi Kappa vs. Acacia. Polifroni. 3— Alpha Chi Rho vs. Theta Chi Brodsky. 4— Theta Tau vs. Phi Kappa Tau Troyer. B—Phi Kappa Psi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. KrickT 6— Sigma Chi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. R. Berry 7— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Delta Upsilon. Margolian. SOFTBALI,—MONDAY
1— H-1 vs. C-1. 2— A-1 vs. B-1. 3— D-1 vs. S-1. 4— E-1 vs. F-1. 6—H-2 vs C-2. 6— A-2 vs. B-2. 7— D-2 vs. S-2. 8— E-2 vs. F-2.
17-
9—H-3 vs. C-3. 10— A-3 vs. B-3. 11— D-3 vs. S-3. 12— E-3 vs. F-3. 13— H'4 vs. C-4. 14— A-4 vs. B-4. 16—D-4 vs S-4. 16—E-4 vs F-4
-Phi Delta Theta vs. Beta Theta Pi.
Fiahel.
18—SAE vs. Alpha Gamma Rho Foster. 1&—Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Chaffee.
maker 36 yard line. Brown throws a pass to Brock on the 50 yard line. Hovolak tackles Brock, and is hurt on the play. Brown makes two yards to the Ram 48 yard line. Lou Brock’s pass is incomplete, intended for Rankin. Brown passes, intended for Hennis, but Krywicki intercepts on the Fordham 35 yard line, where he is tackled by Mackiewicz.
Another First
Beal gains five yards to the 40 yard line. Eshmont fumbles, Hayes recovering on the 42 yard line for Fordham. Eshmont carries The ball to the 50 yard line, where DeWitte stops him. First down for Fordham. Eshmont gains two yards to the Boilermaker 48 yard line. Abbott, replaces Mackiewicz, Bykowski for Johnson, Morningstar for Humphrey, Timperman for Diehl. Eshmont crosses the center of the line on a delayed buck to the Riv-
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings Photographers from Dexheimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, are taking Debris pictures in room A of the Union Building, starting at 8 a. m. each morning of the schedule. Every senior has been scheduled a sitting for a definite time, and will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of his sitting. Debris editors state that it is very important that each senior report to room A on time, or that he make arrangements for a convenient time. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris pictures and should be made at the time the picture is taken.
/) botf, P. i:. Alc’ei, C. J A'-derson, E i. /.rrnson, K\. A<;hurv, \7 Aschauer, j. H. Baugh, H. M. Baumrucker, ). E. Beebe, Lorraine Bleikerstaff, E. F. j Bossong, R. G. Botney, A Boden, D. W. Brill, W D. Bruner, P. G Buck, R H Burkhardt, J. B. Burton, C. E. Butler, D. S Campbell, C. W. Carr, Ruth/eanne Case, Marjorie Case, P W. Chapp, H. J. Clymer, johanna Coffee, R. J. Commee, L. M. Cook, M. C. Curtner, R. L. Decker, P. H. Durner, W. J. Devanuy, W. G. Dicks, Margaret Dali, J. A. Dray, Mildred Evans, J. A. Farquharson, W. H. Farrow, Vl Flashman, J. D. Fleghner, J. W. Foltz, P. R. Fontaine, W. E. Francis, C. M. Fruan, G. L. Fuener, T. M. Getts, H. L. Gilbert, R. N. Glenn, j. K. Gossard, N. C Gran, Margaret H^ll, C. N. Hammond, J. W.
Monday, October 17 fHarper Harper, R L. Hawes, H. Harvey, R C. Heck, R. E. Hennen, P. F. Heusler, R R IHoffman, C. E. Holmes, L. B. Hunter, Elizabeth Husted, Rosemary Husted, R S. Hymen, Earl Ide, Margaret Ingleman, M H. Jackson, R R. Jacobson, L A. Jaunsy, E J Jones, M. W. Karnowsky, M. M. Kerwin, S. E. Kimeeza, N S. Kimmel, K. L. Kirkpatrick, J. R. Knight, Hilda Knight, Helen Klehforth, W. G. Kolkma, B. Kokoo, M. Kowalski, C. A. LaFallette, R. L. Lamber, T. Lewshe, Mrs. Muriel I Lapshire, Paul Lungerhauser Leindecker, G. Luce, C. B. Magsiack, C. B. McAffee, J. H. McBride, Martha McClarren, E. E. McFarlane, Virginia McNaughton, N. L. Miller, D. C. Miller, P. C. Mipnick, A. E. Mikhell, H. R. Moery, H. O. Monler, Marjorie Morris, R. L. Morse, D. P. Moore, W. W. Moore, Fern Murphy
Neilsen Neilsen, G. A. Norton, R. O'Bannon Obenchain, R. F. O'Fallon, E. F. Ostroot, B. C. Perry, C E Peterson, S. R. Prust, Jean Reed, Martha Renfroe, Ruth Reicke, M. E. Rickey, C. B. Richmond, S. H. Rollins, F. T. Ross, Eleanor Rowe, D. F. Ruse, N. H. Schrohe, R. Schwehn, Hilda Schaefer, J. Shields, G. E. Smith, A. E. Smith, Evelyn Smith, W. L. Spitler, J. F. Spring, D. H. Steebe, Virginia Stewart, Eleanor Sutherland, Vera Swinehart, M. L. Thomas, L. E. Topping, A. D. Trippitt, B. L. Truer, E. L. Van Meter, M. E. Verner, R. A. Wadleigh, Eric Wagner, St. Clair Weisman, P. Wetherand, T. R. Weil, A. E. Wilder, E. D. Williamson, J. H. Wilson, H. G. Wing, H. Witwer, B. P. Williams, J. D. Wolverton, W. V. Wright, E. R.
eter 41 yard line. Beal goes over to the Boilermaker 39 yard line for a first down. Beal picks up four yards, stopped by Abbott on the 36 yard line. Maloney throws Hearne for a loss of one yard on the 36 yard line. Eshmoht goes off left tackle, stopped on the 34 yard line by Maloney. Eshmont punts over the goal, Purdue taking the ball on its own 20 yard line. Brock is tossed for a one yard loss, and the Boilermakers take time out. (3 1-2 minutes to go in third period). Montague for Hennis. Brown goes off left tackle to the 43 yard line where he is grabbed by Krywicki, but Brown laterals to Timpernjan, who is dropped on the Purdue 42 yard line. Principe in for Hearne. Time out. First down for Boilermakers on their own 42 yard line. Brock Stars Brock goes around right end to the Ram 46 yard line for a first down. Brock goes off right tackle for two yards. Riddick stops both plays. Brock drives down to the Fordham 36 yard line and another first down for the Boilermakers. Brown goes around right end for three yards to the 32 yard line. DeWitte crashes off right tackle for four yards, but the Rams are penalized five yards, putting the ball on the Ram 27 yard line, fourth and two yards To go for the Boilermakers. Haggerty drops Brock for a six yard loss on the 33 yard line. End of the third quarter. Purdue 0; Fordham, 6. Fourth Quarter Boilermakers’ ball, third down, eight yards to go on the Fordham 33 yard line. Kazlo replaces Eshmont. Brown fades back and is then smothered on the 60 yard line, a 17 yard loss. Brock punts out of
bounds on the Fordham 11 yard line, and the Rams take time out. Kazlo is stopped by Rankin after gaining one yard over right tackle. Kazlo is stopped for no gain. Elazlo gets off a long kick to Brock on the Boilermaker 36. Brock returns it to the Fordham 37 yard line. DeWitte gains three yards off of right tkckle. Brown drives over center fo)* two yards before Principe stops him on the Rams’ 32 yard line. Brown passes to Brock on the.<Fordham 25 yard line for a first down, Hayes knocking Brock out of bounds. Fordham takes time out. Eleven minutes left to play. Hayes goes out, replaced by Monica. Brown rounds right end, driving to the Ram seven yard line at which point Kazlo stops him after he gains a first down on an 18 yard gain. First down, seven to go for a touchdown. Brock swinigs around left end for seven yards and a touchdown. Purdue 6, Fordham 6. Hennis holds the ball while Brock place kicks, but the ball goes wide, and the score remains tied, 6-6. Ten minutes left to play. ^ Ranis Take Loss Bylene for Brock and Ippolito for DeWitte. Morningstar kicks off for the Boilermakers to the 25 yard line where it goes out of bounds. Fordham takes the ball on its own 35 yard line. Principe is tossed for a one-yard loss by Ippolito. Krywicki passes, but it is knocked down by Byelene. Kazlo passes but Moi;- • ningstar knocks it down. Kazlo kicks to Bylene on the 30 yard line of the Boilermakers, but Byelen fumbles and recovers it on the 31 yard line. Brown is stopped cold at center. Brown goes over center for three yards where Jacunski stops him. Maloney was hurt on the play and goes out in favor of Verplank. Eight minutes
'B' Team Clawed By Wildcats, 26 To 7; Mcliwain Races 70 Yards For Lone Tally
By S. D. Marquis
A scrappy Boilermaker “B” team held Northwestern’s reserves to a 7-7 half-time score, but were powerless to halt a Wildcat scoring spree in the second period and were clawed, 26 to 7. The Gold and Black squad was outweighed by the Northwestern team in both the line and the backfield.
Purdue’s lone tally was scored by Mcliwain, Boilermaker left half, on a brillianf 70 yard run after intercepting a Wildcat pass. Mcliwain paced the Purdue squad throughout the game, being the only consistent ground-gainer and doing a lot of the passing for the Boilermakers. Thom, Raebel, Jerrell, and Yeager also held ball-toting honors in the Boilermakers' downfall.
Wildcat Scores
i^STORM SIRRAIS
rough weather ahead. Get set right with Freeman Shoes to see you through. • Double Safes • Weatherproof Leathers • Roomy ‘*Wool Sox” Lasts • Beamy Harness Stitchiisg 9
.. Winter-Weight LeatiMM t« to $7.00 A. B. C. Shoe Co.
X-RAY FITTING New Location 406 Main
Phone 2001
left to play. Hennis for Montague. Tifiie out. Byelene is stopped for no gain. Brown punts to Krywicki on the Ram 26. He is stopped by Hennis on the Fordham 30 yard line. Eshmont for Hovolak. Eshmont goes over righ tackle for three yards, laterals to Principe, who is able to pick up six more to the Ram 39 yard line. Principe goes over center for a first down on the Ram 42 yard line. Principe goes 15 yards to the Boilermaker 43 yard line and another first down. Principe is hurt when tackled by Ray Abbott. Time out for Fordham. Mackiewicz and
Gale for Purdue. / Line Holds
Bealg ?ains three yards over the righCtackle, stopped by Britt. Eshmont is thrown for a seven yard loss by Joe Mihal on the Boilermaker 47 yard line. Eshmont is stopped by the whole Purdue line for a two-yard loss on the Purdue 49 yard line. Eshmont punts into the end zone, but the Rams were offside, so the play is called back, but the Boilermakers refuse the penalty and take the ball on their
own 20 yard line.
Brown goes over center for three yards, tackled by Kuzman. Byelene goes around left end for a one yard (Continued on page 4)
Plunging over from the two yard line after a Purdue fumble in the third quarter and racing 76 yards for another score early in the fourth quarter, Sahlin, Wildcat back, led the Northwestern team in its second half scoring spree. The first Wildcat tally was made by Butheris" late in the first quarter. Kowalski ran back a Purdue punt 67 yards in the fourth quarter to complete the Wildcat scoring. Behind the scenes of yesterday’s game were two gentlemen who should be well known in Big Ten circles. Froip the Purdue bench Duane Purvis directed the play of the Boilermaker reserves. On the Northwestern side Steve Toth, the kicking ace of the Wildcats’ 1936 Big Ten champs, did the coaching.
StraiA,56 6aij5 Girls Tike Notice - - You’ve been asking for her—^You’ve been anxiously waiting to make selections from a line of merchandise that is definitely “Strauss”— We take this opportunity to present... Miss Louise Edwards ... who will represent our Women’s Shop on your campus. . . . Look for her next week (beginning October 17) when she will unpack an array of those very sweaters, skirts, reversibles (the most current and practical rage), suedes, coats, vests, etc.... etc. . . . that wiU answer your every whim. . . . Call her at 4023 and make a date with her. — The line forms early....
Remember... " ' It’s Smart To Go “Strauss” <J~.. Straudd ^ (^o.
Whether You Smoke i
\ Pipe For STYLE
or PLEASURE
You'll find a complete
• Dr. Grabow
• Frank Medico
line at DEAC'S
• Kaywoodie
• Yello-Boie
H. G.
"DEAC"
REISNERTHE FDBDUE EXPONENT
Sunday, October 16, 1938
' :
Game Summary - - (Continued fiom page 3)
gain to the Boilermaker 24 yard line. Time cmt for Purdue Thud do\\n and six yards to go for the Riveteis Nesbitt replaces Blown Nesbitt IS stopped for no gam off left tackle Nesbitt punts out on the Fordham 31 yaid line Two minutes left to plaj Kiigman gains thiee yaids Eshmont goes wide around right end foi a first down on the Boileimaker 40 vaid line Eshmont picks up two ■\aids One minute left to play Esh mont passes to Denneiy on the 37 yaid line of the Boilermakers The Boileimakeis were penalized five yaids foi interference at centei Eshmont fumbles and the gun goes off to end the game
lation cards may be obtained from heads of departments These cards must be signed by the head of the school and if possible by the head of the department in which the subject was given The cards should then be filed in the Registrar's Office Assi^mentS may be cancelled without grade,/drter October 29 if pioperly approved I y -me department concerned and by the Dean of Men —FISHER
either Hart or Rice in the Engineer Office Adams Botsford Worthington, Newman, Johnson, and Day —RICE
Catalyst Important meeting at 7 30 p m Tuesday October 18 at Pi Kappa Alpha house It IS important that all actives be there —CRAIG
WSGA Presidents Council; Meeting in room B of the Union Tuesday, October 18 at 4 p m One representative from each girl s independent rooming house is asked to be present —JAKES
Scriveners Meeting Sunday October 16 at 7 46 p m at 808 Rose Stret Bring manuscripts both for group and for iws Bible publication in next issue —JUSTIN
Purdue Engineer monuay October 17 IS the deadline for all articles being writ ten It IS very necessary that they be turned in promptly —TAYLOR
Christian Science Organization Regular weekly meeting of the organization will be held in room C of the Union Building on Tuesday October 18 at 7 30 p m —McINTOSH
Purdue Engineer The following men will report Monday October 17 at 4 p m to
Scabbard and Blade Pledge preference list must be given to Don Vance by 4 p m Monday October 17 —HAMMER
Senior Military Students who have volunteered to participate in a flag raising ceremony before the Wisconsin game please report at the Ross-Ade Stadium at 4 p m Tuesday October 18 Uniforms are not necessary for rehearsals —PICKERING
Classiiied Ads
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable sold purchased, rented and repaired New Portable machines as low as |29 75 Supplies C P Ebershoff 606 Main street.
CALLING ALL FRATERNITIES—Chapter Bulletins a specialty You furnish the copy—we set the type and furnish you galley proofs You make up the dummy—we print and yon are ready to mail. Phone 7828 Lafayette Printing Co
CALL 7828 and order economy toilet roll $4 60
a case of 320-
Co ed Life Savers Meeting of all co eds interested in senior Red Cross life saving course meet Monday at 4 p m in Memorial Gymnasium i \ —JORGENSON
Student Chevalier De Molays All Che valier De Molays call Robert Borton any evening between 6 and 6 30 before October 21 —MOORE
Delta Rho Kappa Pledging ceremonies at 4 p m in Union Tuesday October 18 All members to be present
—HANNAS Radio Club 18 at 7 30 p
Building
Meeting Tuesday October m in room 254 of the EE
—BROWN
Cancellations Students who wish to can cel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon October 29 Cancel-
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Locksmith
"DEAC" Everything for a Coliege Education hI g. reisner /
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W L
• Florists /
• Professional
for distinctive corsages ROTH FLORIST Phone 7955—8050 635 mam street
DR. A. M. IRiON DENTIST 119Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
• Jewelers
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This IS all we do, but we do It well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St
• Shoe Repair
iOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
• Christmas Cards
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS 50 Assorted Lovely Designs with Envelopes for $1 50 Finest Quality Art $3 00 Your name inscribed on each free if desired An Ideal Xmas Gift Order Early NICHOLS & GO. Rockmart, Georgia
• Tailor
sparrendahl — tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
Public Service Engineers The senior inspection trip for Public Service Engineers will be held in Chicago and vicinity, from November 1-4 inclusive The proposed eastern trip could not be arranged —KNAPP
Purdue Lutheran Students Club Picnic Sunday afternoon, October 16 Be at the main lounge of the Union at 2 30 p m —PULTZ, OTT Military The following scheduled softball games are cancelled H3 vs B3 on October 14 HI vs B1 on October 14 A1 vs B1 on October 17, and A3 vs B3 on October 17 Special play-off schedule HI vs Bl, D1 vs El and FI vs SI on intra mural field at 1 16 p m on Saturday October 16 —BECKLEY
Wisconsin Alumni Eeverend Gleason wants a good turnout for the Homecoming Banquet Friday night, October 21, at 6 16 Tickets are selling at $1 A table will be reserved A J Berge alumni secretary will be there, and probably President Dykstra of Wisconsin —BAUGH
YWCA 21 Club For all girls over 21 who plan to vote November 30 Girls interested must sign up in the YWCA office this week First meeting in YWCA office Monday, October 17, at 4 p m. —MOOREHEAD
TWO
NEW NAIL I^OLISH /shades for FALL
by The new polish that clients say "wears like Iron REGENi^^Y... With an eye to daytime fashions. Miss Sage presents this new pale, smoky-pink, grape-dust shade for costume colors from smoky-gray to deep wine tones. in VINTAGE...
Designed to add a sparkling I note to the new purple evening fabrics A deep purplered like luscious grapes. SIXTY CENTS LOEB & HENE COMPANV
American Cleaning is a Dependable Service £mtdi^juL ^kpaiAA. TyiadiL
tMf mmiw lAUMORY .and. CLEANING, ca
Mmerican isaxmdry Fine Cleaning and Shoe Repairs West Side - 1^2 Vine Street
More smokers everywhere are turning to Chesterfield’s refreshing mildness and better taste. It takes good things to make a good product. That’s why we use the best ingredients a cigarette can have—mild ripe tobaccos and pure cigarette paper— to maketChesterfield the cigarette that smokers say is milder and better-tasting, Liggett & Myers Tobacco go.
PLEASURE Jbr millions
Paul Whiteman Every Wednesday Evening George Gracie Burns Allen Every Friday Evening All C B 9 Stations
Eddie Dooley Football Highlights Every Thursday and Saturday 52 Leading NBC Stations