w
w
■* ' it * . { t i
V »; '
il
liMt, McNutt
Board Of Trustees Naiiies Coolidge Acting Dean Of Women V * * _.... - -■
Man-Power
Stratton Takes Absence Leave To Join WAVES
Established 1889
Lafayette, Ind , Aug 16—
Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women, today was named Volume 54, No. 43
r^cting dean to replace Dr. Dorothy C Stratton, who was granted a leave of absence until June 30,1943, to serve as a lieutenant in WAVES Miss Muriel McFarland, associate prpfessor of home economics education, was named acting assistant aean ot women Formal approval of these changes was given at a called meeting of the Boaid of Trustees of the Univeisity to which Piesi dent E C Elliott, on leave of ab
V Ruin The Ruhr
West* Lafayelf'e, Indiana
Advance Fre$hinan Enrollment Shows Increase Over Last Ye^r ..III M I. I 1. J |l II I I-"-
Forly-Two More
Les Brown Plays Hotel i>. U.
Men, Thirty Fewer Women Enrolled
kural Youth Will Convene For Ag Conference Tomorr&w
For 4500 Fans In Music Hall
By Art Hunter
Diawn to the Music Hall Friday evening by the magic of a “big name” band, an audience of 4,500,
Officials Will Talk September 2
By Bill Hoskins
The nation's War Man-Pow-
“ er Commission will be well Sunday, August 16, 1942 represented here at the begin-
ning of next semester when Dr Elliott and the Commission’s chief, Paul V McNutt, come to the campus for an allUniversity “Will to Win” convocation The University’s airminded President flew here from Washington yesterday to attend a meeting of the Board of Trustees, and at that
Survivles Bombing'
Crowd Watches Second Exhibit
consisting of a contingent of the
Rural Youth leaders of Indiana will meet at the University campus sailors, a scattering of this week, beginning tomonow, for the four-day Rural Youth townspeople and the gieater mass
Enrollment for the fall term School Between 175 and 200 county club leaders will hear received the presentations of stands ahead of that at this prominent agricultural and educational leaders at the fifth L^g Bro’^n and his orchestra time last year, according to F annual school sponsoied by the 4-II Club department of the Les and the boys opened then
C Hockema, assistant to the University and the Depaitment of Education of the Indiana all too short show with “Strictly pi^yed before a full house of
President of the University Farm Bmeau, Inc , u /„ ^ ^^son-mmd^
Last year there were 1,894 new Registration will begin tomorrow morning, to be followed nuj^ibeis as “Jersey Bounce" “One fayette citizens that turned
By Walt Rafert
The second public ciemonstration sponsored by the Chemical Warfare School
students enrolled for the fall by luncheon and an afternoon session on
term, while this year ^06 ence Offers Ruial Youth,” to have been admitted This fig- be conducted by Dean of the Trayal Blir63U
ure together with the 350 Agriculture School, H J Reed,
What This Confer-
freshmen who entered in May Cyrus L Dyer and Irma Win- I Orjuarc shows a decided increase in total kleblae]|c LmIIVj
eniollment Forty two more men than last year and 30 fewer women
have been admitted
The Eijgineering School shows the laigest increase with 1166 new
During the week, various conferences will be held with
Jump” and “The Anvil out to see the promised burn- , tuuning in a couple of in mg of Hotel P U last night
at the skeleton village behind
the stadium
The audience politely watched and applauded the
O’clock Chorus”
stances to then smooth and sweet interpretations with “Blue Skies”
and “Stardust”
New Vocalist Wows Crowd A creditable first night perform
ance was grven by the band’s new demonstratron of magnesium, theivocahst, Maltha Lewis, who was mite, phosphorus, and oil bombs,
According to latest reports from appearing for the first time with Les eheeied a courageous band of six
rural youths stalf membeis and
state agricultural leaders piesid- Union Travel Bureau, there are recent^ marriage of women who successfully battled
ing
Paul V McNutt
CAV}/?£ QoQktoce.
about 32 students who want rides Bonney, Brown’s popular 18 2700 degrees of bprmng magnesr
students, 86 more than last year, Morning sessions will be devoted home and only four cars have been songstress In her singing and released a series of “Oh’s” ——————————— and the Home Economics School to discussion meetings designed to legistered The Bureau will be open “Man I Love”, “Silver Wings” ^nd “Ah’s” as mock attics burned time announced hlS plans for shows the greatest decrease with help rural youths plan ahead for for the purpose of registering those “Melancholy Ba^’ Martha to the ground, but were admittedly the COnvo which Will be held 253 new students 34 fewer than last educational, lecxeational and com who wish rides and those who have waiting for the big event of the Wednesday September 2 year Phaimacy will have 23, 10 mumty service advancement a voice quality with a fine repertoire evemnp- uu ^vveuxiosudy, oeptemutji
Serice to direct the division of piofessional tiaining of the War Man Power Commission in Washington, flew here The Board also spent much time on the tentative draft of the legislative budget foi the forthcoming bi ennium as the budget must be submitted undei the law to the state budget committee by Oct 1 The board devoted much of its time to consideiation of the expanded piogiam at the University aiiport wheio 62 Army and Navy enlisted men have started tiaining as feiiy pilots and flight in&tiuctois These are in addition to the regulai stu dent aeronautical and flight instiuction under the CAA Louis Ruthenbuig ME ’09, piesi dent of the Seivel Company at Evansville and foimer president of
fewei than last yeai, agriculture 150, 11 fewer, and forestry 14,
marketmg'and'pui chasing” by'Glen d^sk iriocarel''at the south entrance and Harry Tiuax, current to the South Ballioom in the Union
of facial expressions and gestures
evening
Hotel Survives Boitvbs
The quality of preceding events
at 7:30 p. m
This dpuble-bill
program
will have 191 new students, thiee moie than last year, and Physical Education foi Men 16, one less than
last year
Orientation Starts Aug 29 All fieshmen and new students
foi the fall term will be required to attend an orientation period
which opens on Saturday, August in group singing and song leadci
29 Uppeiclasmcn will stait icgis ship
extra loom in then cars from 4
Special interest groups will hear until 5 30 p m Monday through ,
morning lectuies on cooperative Thursday afternoon The Bureau which she put over her numQ u 1 il, -p cancelled many disappointments -as Will bG modGlled after the in-
Harry Tiuax, cmren^ to toe South Ballioom in the Union the University Physical Plant’s spjratiopal “Vim, Vision and
membeis, cm
economics, also by staff members, for vacation will travel with a full and elfect-mi group discussion by load and thus keep the waste of tires L M Busche Albeit P Stewart, and gasoline to an absolute mini
d rector of University Musical Or mum It will function only dming a veteran peiformer and sax play-
gamaations, will give nictiuction the period immediately preceding
' „ u.ii — w... flnv nio-bt wa"? the banrl’i? inpcinltv uiuveisiiy jriiysieai iriaiiis V LIU, V lOlOll agricultuic by staff The Bureau has been established ^ with\is hi- famous ‘'Hotel” proved yictory” COnvo given last fall, f that all student cars going home renditions of “Knock Me a than a match for two convocation of
lanous renditions of “Knock Me a Kiss”, “My Feet’s Too Big” and “A Good Man’s Hard to Find” “Butch”,
tiation on Monday, August 31, and actual class woik will start on Thursday morning. Sept 4 An intioductory convocation foi the new students will be held at Sam S.atuiday, August 29, in the Music Hall F C Hockema assist ant to the President of the Univei
Hull To Discuss Rural Culture Afternoon sessions thioughout the week will featmo several talks on the advancement of rural cul tuie by I H Hull Lariy Biandon, L E Hoffman and Paul Foster Special meetings will be held for interested groups on varied sub
vacation and will replace the bulle tin boaid m the libiaiy Aif'angements foi those who sign up will be made by the Union woik eis, and students will be notified when a iide is available
ten pound thermite bombs, several magnesium bombs and a floor con taming gasoline, as the audience’s only reward was a lot of smoke, and toe burning of furniture, the roof and holes m the floor by the thermite Once again. West Lafay ette firemen braved the disappoint
^ ff I A . |i . . mg inferno to end its miseiy ^tatt PriemberS yy rite Proper AUic ProtecUop Shown
provided the majority of the evening’s laughs with his loosejointed energetic antics, gestures
and expressions
and the “Fitness” convocation
the preceding year
It is expected that the two ManPower ofiBcials will expand on Elliott’s discussion of July 31 in which he made several definite statements concerning conduct expected from those students who planned to le
mam m school
At that time President Elliott m
Triangle
social fraternity, announces
sity will welcome the freshmen, and jeets conceining social activities of vitiation of the following men R
the Indiana State Chamber of Com
meice who was appointed to the ^^""gtud^nts will' be'instiucted on Boaid a few weeks ago by Govei legistiation by R B
othei University officials including the rural youth These meetings Assistant Dean of Women Claie presided over by luial youths, will Coolidge and Dean ol Men Tied include talks on “Looking Eoiwaid Goldsmith will be mtioduced The to Marriage^” by 0 E Hall,
For Magazine
Featured in the August issue of “Heating and Ventilating,” a technical publication, is an aiticle writ
Major Gilhand directed the fast- timated that the Man Powei Boaid moving show as methods of protec- eventually expected to apply selec tion from the bombs, as well as ^ve service to all of the 50 oi 60 ways of extinguishing them were men who will ultimately be revealed A “perfect” attic, a fair lequired m the wai effort? includ representation and t^ie typical “S He also urged all male
C Booth Lafayette, C R St Clan, ten by Prof Emoiy N Kemlei and American attic were bombed simul students to era oil in one of the en
noi HtmyF Schiicker, assumed his Seat today He succeeded Col John F Whcelei of Ciow n Point, CE’14, who IS on duty with the U S Army Engineers helping supervise con stiuetion of the Alaskan highway
“Gracious Living m 1942,” by~a member of the University staff, ‘Ruial Youth Club Problems,’ by C L Dyer, “Recreation,” by F L McReynolcP and “Diamatics,” by
H Kcnn Caimichael
Evening gather mgs will be de voted to relaxation m the form of
Stone registrar
Frosh lo Meet Faculty Saturday Following toe convocation new students will be given a psycho logical examination and English
Two other board membeis William plaeement test and m the afternoon (j^^cing, parties and mfoimal dis A Hanley, ME ’ll, Indianapolis, an English composition test will be executive of Eh Lilly & Co and given Later in the afternoon toe
students will meet by schools foi in formal intioduction to staff mem beis Plans have been made foi a mixei at the Union m the evening V Theie will be special chinch seiv ices on Sunday, August 30, and physical examinations, home eco
Columbus, R B Faiiar Liberty, 'Vr H Glovei Covington, R P Hummel, Bremen, A W Kimball, Wilkmsbuig, Pennsylvania, J M Maitm College Corner, Ohio, T J Wall New Castle, R A Winslow,
Carthago, and W R
Davenpoit, Iowa
Instiuctoi James A Hardy, both of taneously with the latter bufmng lasted reserves
toe School of Mechanical Engineeiing, titled “Pressure Diop Calcula-
tions for Flow m Pipe ”
The article desciibes a new vaiiation in thd method of handling
Wuestenfeld, velocity numbeis in connection with
piping design v
in a veiy fierce and convincing mannei while the other two survived Ability of spimklei systems to
Both Hoosiers, Elliott and Me Nutt, have long been associated m Indiana affairs and affans Hof the
battle both magnesium and ther- nafciop
Paul B Sturm Ag 23, of Dana farmei and Indiana Cham Store Council lepicsentative also began
new three year terms today Changes Effective Aug 28
The changes m the dean’s office will be effective later this month as
NYA
Parks Presents Art Exhibit In Music Roorh
Dean Stiatton has been oideied to nomics placement test, and a matoe
matics tiaining test will be given
on Monday, August 31
Actual registration foi new stu dents Will be from Tuesday Sep tembei 1, through Wednesday Sep^ 2 Tests foi candidates for advanced
lepoit Aug 28 at Smith College foi duty with the women s naval unit She has been dean of women
foi nine yeais
The new active dean Miss Cool iclgG a native of Rutland Vt, has
been on toe University staff sitice standing in mathematics, chemistiy 1915 as assistant dean She holds and engmeeiirtg drawing will be
degiees from Wellesley and Teach eis’ College at Columbia Univei sity She taught seveial years at Chambeilayne School in Boston and Beikeily Institute in Biooklyn be foie coming to the Uiuveisity The new acting Assistant Dean, Miss
given on Friday, August 28 Capt, K. f. Kline
of the Industrial Pioteclion
Division of the University Public Safety Institute, will discuss ‘ Pi o-
McEailind, hold degiocs from Kim- tection of Medical Supplies in Pro sas Slate Teachers’ College andml duction” m an address befoje memso fiom Columbia and has been on beis of the 32nd Medical Regiment the Univeisity staff fof ten years m at the Indiana Umveisity School of
the division of education and ap plied psychology Noel Piesides The meeting was the fiis^p^Ci,^ some years over which Pavid^ iloss, piesident of the Boaia of TiUbtees did not preside He le mams entieally ill m the Home Hos pital, wheie he has hten since Jtilv 16 lames W Noel, Indianapolis, Vice picsulent of the Boaid, pie sided
Medicine, night
Indianapolis, tomonow
FaciiRv lo Membeis of the Faculty Ihc legular mont|ily meeting of the Faculty will be held on lyipnijay, Aqgu^t 17, at 4 p m, in Eli/a Fouler Hall Edward C Elliott, President.
All students n ho expect tb make application foi NYA work this yeai, please lepoif to the Peisonnel Office immediately A special assignment mil lequne all those who can work on
August 29, 30 and 11
—VOGLER
Penalty Days By action of tfie Executive Committee, Auifust 21 and 22 are penalty days and any student who is absent from classes on either of these days is subject to k fine of $5 00 for each day missed Excuses for absence cannot be granted on either of these two days but any student who anticipates absence and feels that he has a legitimate reason for asking relief from the penalty tee may put such request m wilting: and mail to the Dean of Men’k Office These leReis will be read between terms and if the reason given for ajjgelice is not acceptable, a pei^ty fee notice will be
sent
“Eight Yeais” is the title of toe retrospective art exhibit which will be on display m the Union Mijic Room until Friday This is toe fiist one man ait shoM of Puttering Shop s Diiectoi, Bob Paiks
The 57 piece exhibit ranges over an eight yeai period of woik and will piobably lesemble a Fouith of ^ few months ago when Roosevelt
mite indendiaiies was included in the show, one as pail; of a three ring circus that included the blaz ing attic and a small area of burn ing grass that was the lesult of an
aeiial phosphorus bomb Big Show pvery Two Y^^eoks
The demonstration was a dupli cate of the “entertainment” spon soied by the same group two weeks ago, wit hthe exception of willing ness on part of officials in charge to allow the four story open stiuc
tore to bum completely
Anothei demonstration, which
McNutt pieceded Townsend as Indiana’s goveinei from 1933 to ’37 aftei which he was sent to the Philippines as High Commissionei Shortly afterward Elliott was granted a leave of absence fiom the University to join McNutt and act as consultant on leorganization of the University of the Philippines Paul McNutt’s next post took him to Washington D C in connec tion with the Fedeial Secuiity Ad ministration He was- placed m charge of the entiie Social Seeuiity program, and held that post until
includes classioora studies presenting experiments with suiiealism land- July celebration wtih its purpose scapes, portraits and incidental sketches best repiesenting Bob’s piogiess one of instruction lathei than a
as an artist
A senes of scholarships enabled Bob to study at various art schools, ineludihg the John Heiron Ait School, Indianapolis, the Hensche School of Aiot, Piovincetown, Massaehu- - ... - — setts,tond the Tiffany Foundation, turning point m his technique, aftei Oystei Buy, B I His teacheis have which he changed to darkei colois
bu today celebration, will be staged
in two weeks
East Side Fire Dept To Perform Majoi Gilhand has announced that the Lafayette Fire Department has accepted an invitation to attempt to match the efforts of the
been Eliot O’Hara Hennk Mayei, and showed moie consistent ban
Donald Mathson, Hobart Nichols, (jjjng of the paint His piesent style West Side fire fighteis and piom ’' IS rather naturalistic ised his audience that his men
‘Jean,” a simple yet careful poi- “would shoot the Works” in an ef trait study, was exhibited at the foU to give the newcomers added
Cincinnati Annual Exhibition of difficulty
Alt 1940 Anothei oil, “The Run- ^ ' away,” suggested by a neWs stoiy
ileniy Hensche and Alan Tompkins Bob’s paintings aie shown at na-
tional exhibitions
In toe exhibit aie several suileahstic studies One, “Mr Mayei Tells A Story,” explains the steps
leading to the painting, which was lahoi struggles, has been shown inspuod by a scene from Moby Dick ^t the Indiana Artists Annual Ex-
and maiks Bob’s fiist use of egg fiibition, 1942
tempera “Some People” is an amusing sketch healing a biief, com piehensive explanation of toe gep
exal aims of suriealistic ait Exhibit Includes Qil Watertolor
Other points of inteiest m the exhibit aie the pallette-knife pamt-
Merch^nts To Spu^nsor Bond Sales Truck East side merchants and ladio statioh WASK have made plans foi a bond truck to travel thioughout
made him boss of the Wai Man
Power Commission
The Univeisity Band and Qlee Club will supplement the illustiioub speakers with seveial numbers^dur-
mg the convocation
Lt Cast To Sell Used Band Uniforms Old band members may dispose of then unifoims thiough the supply office! of the band, 2nd Lt R K Cast Uniforms must be tinned m
before Saturday
The following puces will pievafi foi parts m good condition 1940— coat, $9, trousers $6 25, gainsori hat, $175, field cap, $ 90, fourlageiie, $75, two P U and two lyie, $60, 1941—coat $12 65, tious-
ings done with emphasis on coloi, ’Tippecanoe county apd sell wai the caitoons and sketches foi a full bonds The truck wiU be donated by
size painting, “The Gymnasium,” a Lafayette transfer company and eis, $7J!5, gauisoiv hat, $175, held
Follow'mg these ale a nppibei of and a study in fluid technique—a will be operated by the membeis of cap, $1, fouiiageire, $75, two Ps ... landscapes done m wateicoloi landscape of unusual composition vauous civic groups It will be m U and two lyic $60 please do n^t come to the Pean “Popd,” a hazy silvei and gold titled “Foggy Day, Monhegan Is- opeiation duiing the evenings foi No unifoims puichased before landscape, best demonstrates Bob’s land” Several of the works on dis- foui weeks, starting tomonow Septambei, 1940, will be accepted, pioficiency m this medium, A num play aie for sale The tiuck will go to every town Checks for parts sold will be forbei of oil portraits are included m As chief influences on his woik that it possibly ban and w.ll delivei warded to addiess specified, i^nd unthe exhibit, Bob^s self poitiait is Bob lists della Fiapcesca, Ingies, the bonds duectly to the buyers at sold paits not called tor wiU be
among them as representing a El Gieco and Kuniyoshi the time of puichase xetuined cqUect
of Men as If will be impossible to ^rant personal inteiviews on this
mattei
P I Goldsmith, Dean of Men2
W
Exponent JEdit^ial Pfige
Siindtiy^ AjUgustH
Purdue Exponent Offices: Editorial aiid ButiitMi, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 >. . . Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 ' ^ ' Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Edftnr-ln^CItiof KWs Editor Mannrrinsr Editor Sporis Editor BusiotsB ManoKcr jtJjrcuIntion MannRcr. Coed Editor.
John F. Amo( Don T. Broph} ..John H. Armgtrone Robert L. HodlO} .... Willikm D. MiUart Ken K. GJemri Alice Chat&eld
Publication Staff / Associate Editors Editorial Staff: R. W. BosA'inkle, D. E. Buts, W. G. Hoskine A. P. Hunter, 1). W. Ochiltree, W. E. Rafert. Sports Staff: U. E. Brewer, J. S, Dawson, E. L. Karpick. Coed Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer. Business Staff Cued Business Manager: Julia Martin. ftrlt’ciUsing Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson. Circulation Manager: G. H. Klouman. Accounts Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Boswinkle Sports Editor: Dawson -Day Editor: Beall Issue Editor: Vegh ^ Rcp.orters: Kimball. Miller, Rollins, Murphy. Stephenson.
Enlcrcd a.s second class matter at the post office in Latay ette. IiuUana. under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, anc r.t ilic special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Octoher 3. 191,7, authorized January 20, 1922. Publishet on Wodiu-sday. Friday and Sunday mornings during the sum mt^r .semester and daily except Monday during the fall an^ ^winter scnirster.s. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.2B fo ■sumriior semester ; mailed subscription $1.50. Hcprosenlcd for national advertising by National Advertis ing S'rvicc, Inc.. College Publishers Representatives, 42 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Protect Our Birthright! ..During the War of 1812, Francis Scott Key, heUi captive on an enemy boat while the battle of Fort McHenry raged outside, dashed some Words on a piece of torn envelope. After the battle he composed some music to accompany the words. He started singing the words and notes and other people heard them and sang with him until finally the country decided to make Scott’s song the national antherai. The country has been singing “The StarSpangled Banner” at Fourth of Ju|y;,celebrai'ig.ns.and at football games for a long time paw. Some people don’t know the words, more, don’t know the tune, and a large percentage S T know either; but everyone manages to lie some sort of noise to indicate he is all he spirit of the thing. ; '^here was a time in 1940 when Kate Smith '•wft.s stirring everyone’s patriotism with “God Bless America” that the enraptured citizenry thought for a time Irving Berlin’s piece should be substituted for the national anthem, but |.he newer song, in spite of its alleged merits failed to last, and the country turned with relief to singing “The Star-Spangled Banner” at public gatherings once more. There is something about “The StarSpangled Banner”, especially the way Spotts Enirick plays it, that quivers the vertebra and makes one say, “I’m glad I’m an American.” The wide range of notes describing the flag waving “O’er the Land of the Free and the Home of the Brave”, the avalanching cresendos, the clashing cymbals, and the depth and solemnity of the whole work have become associated with something we like to think about. “The Star-Spangled Banner” is part of our birthright. f Since Pearl Harbor there has been a gigantic attempt to undermine the emotions connected with the song, unconscious thought it .might be. The conspiracy is in progress every night beginning about 11 o’clock. '■ Radio stations which have been on the air during the study hours after dinner, carrying a mixture of sweet and swing music to stu.dents as they search textbooks for hidden ■-knowledge, reach the time when they have to go off the air. A sleepy voiced announcer drones into the microphone: “Station WHRY will conclude its day of broadcasting activity after playing the national anthem.” ‘(Begin a very tinny band blasting out the .'Peverend song). V/. TAnqther station is switched on and half an hoim later it goes over the same procedure. ■‘During the next hour or two the student will ' hbyo .seem numerous stations to bed and will have heard the national anthem murdered as
many times.
I The point is this: Mass production of the tune cheapens it. When it comes over the radio, instead of leaping into the air and cheering, one’s first thought is to get another station. When the .song is played, students associate it with a test the next day, or with a very unplea.sant hungry feeling that comes J to those who .study during the night. The I playing of the national anthem for station ^ sign offs is in direct violation of the Code for I the National Anthem which states in part: i “ ‘The Star-Spangled Banner’ should be ' sung or played only on programs and in cere- ' monies and other situations where its mes- ] niiga can be projected effectively. Since the ^ mes.sage of the Anthem is carried largely in j the text, it is essential that empha.sis be I placed upon the singing of ‘The Star-Spangled
. Banner’.”
This flag waving effort on the/part of many ^ radio stations should be halted/ This canned k spirit is .strictly taboo if we vfish to protect I our birthright.—-rwb
<%INISIIKI0N MEtiRr-iilO By Drew Pearson Race Discrimination Committee Says It's Getting Run-Around; Man-Power Board Takes Over WASHINGTON: The President’s Committee on Fair Employment Practice, appointed to handle the delicate problem of color and race discrimination, is complaining bitterly, backstage, that it has been given the run-around by, the White House itself. The Committee faces . one of the most difficult tasks of the war—trying to assure negroes and other racial groups a fair break at war jobs. Chairman of the Committee is Dr. Malcolm S. MacLean, white, who is president of a negro college, Hampton Institute. Other committee members include Roosevelt’s close friend, David Sarnoff, head of the Radio Corporation of America; Mark Ethridge, manager of the Louisville Courier-Journal;'William Green of the A. F. of L.; Phil Murray of the CIO; Milton P. Webster; and Earl Dickerson. About a month ago they began holding hearings in Birmingham, Ala., regarding complaints of discrimination against negrbes in war jobs. Witnesses were brought from Mobile, New Orleans, Savannah and Chattanooga, under a procedure adopted in other cities. However, Alabama’s Gov. Dixon, seconded by Georgia’s Gene Talmadge, launched a barrage against the committee, especially against the .fact that its chairman is the president of a colored college—even though Dr. MacLean is white. The protests began to spread. And when the Committee announced hearings in El Paso, Tex., on discrimination against Spanish-American workers, Texas got as excited as Birmingham. By this time a deluge of protests had been received at the White House. And very quietly, the President transferred the Fair Employment Practice Committee from the WPB, where it was semi-independent, to the Manpower Commission. Under the new setup, the Committee will be directly under the thumb of Paul McNutt. Inside the Committee, this is interpreted as a move to throttle activity, make it mere window-dressing. As a result, some of the President’s best friends, including David Sarnoff of the Radio Corporation, are sore, threaten to resign. • War Bonds A War Savings Bond salesman in Buchanan County, Iowa, was nonplussed when the spokesman for a colony of families flatly refused to buy even so much as a 10-cent Stamp. . . . The salesman was about to leave, but was called back and handed $6,450 in cash as the colony’s donation to the war effort. . . . Seeking ah explanation, the bewildered bond seller ■was told that the community was composed of Amish families and that their religious creed forbids them to make a profit out of war. . . . They were willing to make a gift of the money, but could not buy in-terest-bearing bonds. . . . The infantry company at Fort Devens, Mass., boasts that every member of the company is buying War Bonds, and it is 101 per cent correct. . . . Not satisfied with 100 per cent participationin the War Savings campaign, the doughboys bought a $25 bond for their mascot, “Blackout”, a tiny black dog. . . . When “Blackout’s” b'6nd comes due, the money will go to the S. P. C. A. • Rubber War It is not being advertised, but Argentine-U. S. relations, already sour, are not being improved by a tug of war over South America’s rubber supply. While U. S. officials are signing up the Good Neighbors to deliver all exportable rubber to us, Argentina is trying to short-circuit these agreements. In both Ecuador and Bolivia this competition has reached the stage of impolite, bare-knuckle diplom-
acy.
On July 2 and 3, the Government of Ecuador issued export licenses for shipment of 175 tons of rubber to Argentina. Five days later, July 8, the U. S. concluded an exclusive purchasing agreement with Ecuador, and its Government issued a decree prohibiting further exports of rubber to any country except the United States. Just at that time, an Argentine ship arrived to take the Ecuadorean rubber, only to find that the “gringo” from Washington (the local representative of Rubber Reserve Co.) had already bought the rubber, according to the terms of the new rubber agreement. But the Argentine Government protested that this shipment had been consigned to them before the agreement went into effect. A triangular conflict has resulted, in which Jesse Jones’ man sits tight saying, “Possession is nine points of the law.” Bolivia has made a similar exclusive agreement with the United States, but while negotiations were going on, the Bolivian Foreign Minister reported that the Argentine Government threatened to stop all flow of materials from Argentina to Bolivia, if Bolivia stopped the sale of rubber to Argentina. This is very serious, since Bolivia, cut off from the sea, must do business through Argentina. The War for rubber is continuing. • Mickie/Finn' Lake Charles, La., on the edge of the pitch-pine country where the strenuous 3rd Army combat maneuvers are taking place, is one of the loveliest communities in the jomantic State, Louisiana. And among the most charming and gracious civic leaders|of Lake Charles is Mrs. Emma Mickie. ■vivacious Mrs. Mickie “adopted” the entire corps of cadets of the neMby pilot training school. The old, spacious, cool Majestic^ Hotel, which she owns, is their town “home’^ There the cadets come in their leisure hours to enjoy Mrs. Mickie’s mouth-watering southo n cuisine and there they bring their parents and sweethearts who come on visits. So that other friends and hostesses of men in the service can enjoy the delights of “coffee velvet”, Mrs. Mickle has communicated to the WASHINGTON MERRY-GO-jlOUND the recipe for her exquisite drink. Here it is— • 1 cup good hot coffee 2 generoils scoops vanilla ice cream Whip together thoroughly. This is important. Poui into tall glass half-filled with,ice, let stand for a few minultes and then drink. P. S.: “Coffee ¥%lvet”, Mrs. Mickie warns, cannot be made on a quantity scale. ToTe really good, each helping must be made sepai’ately.
‘There’s no need becoming discouraged, Agnes—the day after Tobruk fell, I rushed right out and bought me a new hat!” '
/ Events
Wedding Bells
Dorothy Housekeeper
\ and Robert D. Martin, ’42 graduates, v/ere married at the City Methodist Church, Gary, on Friday evening, August 14. The best man was Quenton W. File, MS in Psychology, ’42; and the ushers were James E. Baynes, Ag ’42, and the bride’s brother, Donald L. Housekeeper,
ME ’37.
The bride, a graduate of the Home Economics Schol, is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Housekeeper of Gary. Martin, a science graduate, was a member of Acacia social fraternity while in school, and is now employed as cost analysist with the Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corp. at Gary. He will report to the University Naval Training Unit as an instructor September 1.
Closing date for applications for, Civil Service positions as Juni(i|r ..
August 14,1942 Pi-ofesSional Assistant, is August
Editor of the Purdue Exponent: £7. The position open offer salaries , The letter from tlie Post Office to -at $1,800, $1,620 and $1,400 to those',! acting President Hockema asking p^ve completed all requi|6-'! for cooperation from the students ments for a degree in acceptecLuni-''i and the editorial in the Exponent ygj'sity or college or who will nave ' asking for cooperation from the completed those requirements /by
Post Office gave me an urge to write September 30.
down some instances of lack of co- successfully pass the, operation on the part of the Post civil Service tests vifill perform proOffice. Upon thinking of the good fessional, subprofessional,' technic-' service in general the Post Office jal, semitechnical or clerical work gives I refrained. requiring specialized knowledge in But last night I Sent a box con- connection with various governtaining a couple of hundred home uiental activities. Appointments m made cookies to son, Don, Purdue this class will last for the duration ’41, who is now stationed at Chi- the war, except in a few cases> cago and was recently promoted to ^here the jobs will extend, for a lieutenant junior grade in the Navy. of six months beyond the’
I have been sending a good many of the war. .
cookies and cakes to Purdue boys in the armed forces and am a fanatic about packing and wrapping and labeling. This box to Don was marked Fragile in red on every side. I even went so far as to paste a picture of a beautiful girl on the top side, thinking fifty thousand advertisers couldn’t be wrong and that would be the best way to at-
tract attention to the box.
r stepped out of Deac’s just as the nine o’clock mail collection was made. On top of the mail container were two laundry cases and my package of cookies, and I noticed just how they were handled. The two laundry Cases were carefully lifted and carried the distance to the truck and stowed within. My cookies were picked up in one hand and tossed into the truck from where the man stood—exactly as if those
labels- read SPONGES.
, Yours truly,
Nellie R. Boynton .
(Mrs. Charles)
NOW SHOWING DOUBLE FEATURE
Nine Men of Violence and a Lady of file Tropics Fighting for Love! Adventure as Thrilling as its Mighty Cast!
CLARK GABLE
JOAN CRAWFORD
in
STRANGE CARGO
with
PETER LORRE >
-PLUS-
Proi. B, Montgomery ... of the University department of entomology, left here Friday for Harvard University, where he is to spend three weeks studying insect collections at the Museum of Comparative Zoology in a grant-in-^id for search awarded by Sigma Xi. '
Lt. |. W. Hundley
... Ag ’42, married Eva Jean Hicks at the Second Regiment chapel. Fort Frances E. ■Warren, Cheyenne, ^Wyo. Lt. Hundley is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Harry D. Hundley of Crown Point, and is a member of Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity.
Mrs. William Nisfey
... formerly Mary Margaret May, of Lafayette, was married at the home of her mother, Mrs. Alice May, in Rockfield. Mrs. Nisley is a graduatelof the Home Hospital school of nursing and a former student at the University. *
Peprsonal Notes RCA Manufacturing Co., Inc.— '
Coming Tuesday,’August 18. Interested in EE, ME, ChE, Physicists, Accounting, Personnel and Time
Study graduates.
Brewsfer Aeronautical Corp., Johnsville, Pa.—Interested in Aeronautical, Mechanical and Civil Engineers. Sign in Personnel Office by
4 p. m., August 19.
Fairchild Aviation Corporation, Jatnaica, New York—Interested in ME seniors. Sign in Personnel Office by Mpndayv A,Ugust 17. Universal Cobler Corporation, Marion, Ohio —Interested in ME seniors. Si??n in Personnel Office by
Monday, August 17.
Ray-O-Vac Company, Madison, Wiscon.sin--interestcd in ChE, ME, and EE seniors. Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, August 17. U. S. Navy Yard, Naval Aircraft
Factory, Philadelphia, Pa.—Interested in Aero, E., M.E., C.E., E.E. seniors. Sign in Personnel Office before 3 p. m. Wednesday, August 19. Republic Aviation Corp., Evansville, Ind,—Interested in August Chemistry graduate. Sign in Personnel Office before 3:00 P. M. Wed-
nesday, August 19.
Federated Metals Division, American Smelting & Refining Co., Whiting, Ind.—Interested in seniors with a chemistry major. Sign in Personnel Office before 3:00 P. M. Thurs-
day, August 20.
Tennessee Valley Authority, Wilson Dam, Ala.—Interested in Chemistry majors and Chemical Engineers.' Will visit'campus later. Sign in Personnel Office before 4:00 P. M. Thursday, August 20.
Those Roughneck Ra At It Again! ■' / The East Side Kids
ini
SMART ALECKS
—with'--— '
MAXIERbSENBLbbM'
GALE STORM
A UNIVBIMl PICTURE
JOHN HOWARD and RUTH FORD in 'MAN WHO RETURNED TO LIFE' — PLUS — "COLOR CARTOON"
TUJIS. 8e WED. 'STAGE COACH BUCKAROO'' "CHAN IN RIO" 'RIDERS OF DEATH VALLEY" Serial CARTOON
11 iG
• rlV
■hrarf
SUN , MON.-^2 HITS
fw/lh
MARJORIE MAIN J. CARROLL NAISH
Starts m\ UIFiflf£11£
Ann’s carrying a new torch... an acetylene torch in a ’plane planti She’s working on the bomber-line and has the boys .doing tailspins.
MAM
ANN SHERIDAN as o red-headod bombor in a ptanll DENNIS MOIIGAN dsfenie worker— with no defenio ogolnil Arm) George TOBIAS - Jack CARSON Starts TODA!August 16, 1942
% ■.
Boilermaker Sports
%
■itikii
i^iia Stars Await
ports (ponimumm:^
, :j^F6liowiing their election b:(r the HoosM hardwood fans to ^Itresdrit the state in a game with the Kentucky All-Stars, the Mil; chosen W basketball t)layers will arrive at Ihfrom tomorrow to begin preparation for tjiillbufthand annh^^ clash Whicli will be held this year at the ^(^iiseuitrt at the Indiana State Fairgrounds on the night of ^dgtiit 2^: The ten man squad ^—■ ’ ' .. ■ai^aoseii^y tollotefromim j,„ Irroilp of 20 June grad- Ertei aSd Kenny C^ge will be ready uatee selected by the sports for action against the Kentucky wrilets throughout the state, outfit, cage is the shortest man on -^bth the, Kentucky and In- standing at 6_ feet 10 J -n i 4. 4.1, inches. Kenny, however, is a real SS - "u i T J, ? »P«>‘ P'"e -"d Plntrdl YMCA where they will live aggressive player on either team, daring the five day .ptactice period, jjg is a high scorer in addition to ^fi^s fbrihs^pf entertammentwiU tough on defense. M^*'*^'* Cage Will enrdll here at the Univertheir. coaches—Ed; Diddle of Ken- gjty jn f^11 iucky and Paul Lostetter of In- „ . , . 4 .* 4 4. i.- t diknd Ertel in contrast to his former " - toammate » the latgest man on ::«e!aio ;teaKa are fairly evonly ‘tT * f'! in'iMSid '.r far as. height is con- K" l»"S « f«a‘ < iafiiW. Tbo Hbisier obtBl «m take frame. AUbongh not the fastf u -x.!.,: est man in the world, Jim can cover the flobr With an average height per , , - „ „ i,- ^ 4 . . tru w » lot of floor. He uses his. size to filan of o feet 11/2 inches. The Ken- 4 : . 4 , -41. ihv-f,1 a great advantage around either lucky squad will average a mere 6 ° , ® •„ 44 41, inch. .Jack Coleman of the backboa^. He also will attend the ifc^tucky team will be the tallest oiversi y. rtign oh the floor towering at 6 feet Not One But Two fillficheS. An Indiana All-Star team would f Bud Brown, the Gimble award not be complete without at least one Winner from Burris of Muncie, member of the championship Washpplled the highest number of votes ington squad. When the voting was iS ' the selection of the Hoosier completed last week not one but two kquad; The 6 feet 4 inch, high scor- former Hatchets had been selected f^g .centet for three years has led to the top ten—Jim Kiffey, giant tile Burris attack and last year was center, and Charles Harmon, detfeSdgnizied as'bne of the finest pivot ceptive colored forward. Both meif in the state. Contrary to previ- should provide plenty of headaches reports he will attend Indiana for the Kentucky athletes. Riffey t^hWersity. will probably play here under Piggy ^:^wb potent members of this Lambert along with Cage and Ertel.
A Idt of people have been ^envisioning stadiums and %all parks gatheiv j ing cobweba afid bats (of the belfry type) in a m'attet'of months when the Army decides that sports are just a waste qf time and fitlhoy. A lot i more have been saying that the scarcity of transportatioft^will limit •the facilities available for a traveling fqotball squadi'-^^f:^;|^’ A number of Army officers, high in the ranks Of thoseiWHojishbuld know, have recently stated unreservedly that all the pr|^nt sports w:ill probably continue unrestricted without schedule chaiiges because of the contriiiution to that stuff known as civilian morajte. It looks like a number of athletes, like Buddy Rosar, New York egteher who dropped his mit and went off to try to- become a/^ffalo-jcofi, Were
unduly nervous. „
The tenth annual negro East vs. West baseball game,is scheduled today in Comiskey Park, Chicago. The large crowd expected; Wilf probably see some really colorful baseball, easily the equal of the brand presented! by the park’s usual inhabitants. The West team is startipg fjl^ntchel’’^ Paige, the man who is always standing on the plate when he. is ihvthe batter’s box, on the mound, “Satchel” is the best known arid ,!^igheStpaid iri negro baseball. He has credit for one win in the anto'^vj^lrissic, registering a l-d victory in 1934, and appeared for 3 innings’?li|^r^0-2, both times pitching for the East, the team he will be pitchin^S^^inst ■ Coach Bob l^uppke is having a little trouble gettilife^w'brood; to- i gether this year. In previous years it was ordinaru!|;^possible$io just set a date. With a good proportion of his men .ladder;: orderi& f b the armed forces, it is difficult to get them all on the practice, l^ld. To date 59 of the 63-man squad have shown up, and the rest;gl|e y expected in a few days. Jim Brutz, Notre Dame tackle f^om War|'^, Ohio, and one of the absentees, managed to get a ’two-Weefi Ij^ve f from the 4ir Corps base at Jacksonville, which he will spendwprac- ■ ticing and playing football. Nice quiet vacation. The only close race in the baseball business this year, for th6'iS“%ho like close ones, is the pennant chase in the American Association. All of six and one-half games separate the first-place Columbus and sevenfhplace Iridianapolis. Only St, Paul has an uncontested grip on itWposition. The Apostles have a good twelve and one-half game lead on the Indians for eighth and stand 19 games put of first.
In Rare Fir Trophy
Phi Kappa Tau, Theta Chi Follow Closai Behind; Sigma Deltk Psi Tests Not In
Plnals Of Ward Softball Will l^mplete Intramural Program I Winding up the entire summer’s Intramural program Ward i7iwiil,meet the winner of the Ag Chem-Dairy game in the lihals of the Ward softball tournament this Wednesday afterhopn. The Ag Chems and the Dairy teams will play tomorrow feflllBPQn in their semi-final game. The gam^ Wednesday will bh. the fihal encounter of any kind between fraternities, Cary lihlid Wqrds for the sum- — ;— — . .J pressive record,, having breezed • Ward 27 has advanced to tjji.ough six contests without a loss, fhe finals with a record of four Fine mound work has been largely l^hs .gainst two losses. In responsible for showing to date, their last time out they beat They gained a semi-final berth by jiVard 2 by a score of 8 to, 3. They virtue of Roedel’s no-hit performbftly cdllected seven hits while Ward ance . against the . Forestry team. § got five. On the mound for 27 Roedel missed a shutout in the final wks Eristin while Stackhouse was inning by allowing a runner to cross pehirid the plate. Coleman was on the plate. The Ag Chems scored fhe firing'line for Ward 2 With six runs on eight hits while the f*luriimer catching. Forestry outfit made one run on no The Ag Chems have the most im- hits.
» »»» » J Hayai Jewelry Co. J 131 .North Fourth Si. l^inO fAwolry at Moderate Price 444444 44
West Lafayetfe Country
starting today and continuing through next week a golf match will be played between a picked group of men from the West Lafayette Country Club and the Purdue athletic staff. Nine golfers will represent each team and play will take place at Cither the Country Club'or the University courses. Each person will play 18 holes of match play and the team winner Will be determined by regular ' - ' ' . 4. -11 himself in tlie state amateur tourThe athletic staff will pre- nament at the Country Club recentsent a very strong squad with ly. He was eliminated by Mackey several polished golfers among the in the all-campus tourney, ranks. a. real'hiatch should develop beMackey Will Play tween Dutch Fehring and H. G. Leading off for the athletic staff Venemann. Dutch just started play■yvill be Director Guy “Red” Mackey jng this year when the University who just last week was beat out in course opened but has since dethe final round of the all-campus veloped into one of the? finest on the golf tourney by Don Heiiricksen. staff. The France-J. S. Allen match Red shot a fine 78 in this match but could easily become a close one. could not overtake the high flying Other Matches Hendricksen who shot a one-over- other matches will be: LaBreepair 72. This, incidentally, is the low- Chester Allen, Burnham-P. R. Blest student score yet reported on liker, Clevett-C. F. Gobble, Eastthe new University course. Mackey wood-Sam Cromer, will meet M. V. Owen in the early
part of the week.
Riveter Golf Coach Harry Allspaw should also give the Athletic Staff a decided advantage in this present meet. Earlier in the year
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store Aeroii From Uolon “Rad** Sammona'*29 VDoc** Epplo *40
WASK To Give Series Of 4H Brbadcasfs Tuesday and ,- Wednesday, radio station WASK wiU; give .-five quar-
he shot a par 71 pn the University tei-.jjour broadcasts -from the 4-H course. He will meet M. R. Zelle. ^lub headquarters where the TipVoinoff Will Meet Lee ^ pecanoe County ^4-H,exhibits will be
Sam Voinoff, a better than aVer-
age golfer who usually shoots in These broadcasts will-feature dethe low 80 s, will meet Ollie Lee. gd-iptions of the auctions, interSammy made a good account of yjg.y^rg -with exhibitors, spectators
and officials, and; farm bureau in-
formation.
If you can snatch your girl away from the 7.44 other fellows, take a walk through the PURDUE UNION and stop awhile at these interetsing places:
BOWLIKC
C|iRD ROOM SWEET SHOP
You’ll enjoy bowling in our cool basement-or try a game of bridge in the Card Room. Then it’s only a few steps to the Sweet Shop for a copl refreshing fountain drink.
At IP. M. Tuesday; Anyone May Enter Renewing an old tradition.which prior to 1935 was an annual affair, the Intramural department will stage a five mile bicycle race this Tuesday evening at 7, starting in front of the Fieldhouse. Awards will be given to the first four places. The competition is open to all students and faculty members of the University. Only standard model bicycles will be permitted to race. No racing bikes will be allowed. Anyone who wishes to enter may do so by merely being in frorit of the FieldhoUse at the designated time. No advanced registration will be re-
quired.
Start At T Starting at 7 the peddlers will leave the Fieldhouse going counterclockwise around Cary Hall, back to University Street; south on University to State Street. They will travel west on State Street to the fork of the road near, the railroad viaduct. The cyclists will then return by the same route. Thd entire race will be held on paved roads to save tires and avoid accidents. Stuhidreher Will Speak Af Grid Banquet Madison, Wis.—The Seventh Annual Kickoff Luncheon,'which signifies the opening of the University of Wisconsin football season, will be held in the Loraine Hotel at noon on Sept. 3, it was announced Thursday by A. John Berge, executive secretary of the Wisconsin Alumni. Association. This year’s affair will be sponsored by the Rotary Club of Madison and marks the second time that the event has been sponsored by this club. Other sponsors of past years include the. Shriners, Madison “W” Club, Kiwanis, Gyro, and Lions
Clubs.
Stuhidreher Will Speak Headlining the event will be Athletic Director and Head Coach Harry Stuhidreher who is expected to tell local football fans the true worth of his 1942 combination. Iri the past; Stuhidreher has given gridiron enthusiasts a real insight on his squad, and he is expected to do the same this year. Berge is now working on a radio hookup which will broadcast Stuhldreher’s talk tharoughout the State and Middle West. He said, “This luncheon has become very much a part of the Wisconsin football season these past six years and we feel that this year’s event will again be of great interest to Badger fans throughout the Middle West. It is our hope that as many alumni and Wisconsin fans as possible can hear what Stuhidreher expects of his 1942 team. Therefore, we are hoping that arrangements can be made to have as many stations as possible carry his talk.” Robert Paul Schowe ... Ag ’42, has accepted an assistantship in horticulture at Cornell University, Ithaca, N. Y, He will divide his time between teaching and studying toward a master’s degree beginning September 16, when the new term opens.
With the elaborate summer Intramural program virtuaBjr completed, three fraternities, namely, the Phi Gams, K&ppn Sigs and the SAEs are running in a three-way tie for first ; place in the race for the participation trophy which has hees bn display in the window of the Chocolate Shop for the last month. Each fraternity has gained a total of 310 points dulf- ■ • • ■ - ing the course of the summeir
Notice
All students who feel that they should be exempt from PEM 12 for reason of physical disability should report to the Student Health Service for an examination Tuesday night at 7. Students are urged to b^ examined if there is any question of physical ailments which woulik keep them from participating iiryny PE 12
activity.
Begin Practice With 54 Men
activities.
Following close behind are Phi Kappa Tau and Theta Chi with 308 points. Alpha Gaihr ma Rho has compiled a 305 total to be within easy striking dia^ tance of the leaders. Rounding outthe first nine are Lariibda Chi, Deli* Upsilon and Sigma Alpha Mu with
an even 300 points. Competition Completed
At the present time all competi-
• ' tive activities are completed. .Bbw- . , winner will probably bh lA/ic^OfVCflAf f/| determined by the points gainrid ' ^ fi3V wf IJif f F T fIf tHrbugh the Sigma Delta Psi testii.
For each person passing the requirements for admission into the local chapter (the satisfactory completion of seven tests) two pqinta* will be given to his fraternity. Anyone who has passed the National
Wisconsin’s 1942 football for- will receive tunes will rest on the shoulders of f/" his house. Not more' 54 candidates. Head Coach Harry 25 points will be awarded to Stuhidreher announced Saturday ra erni y. when he mailed invitations to the ATI tests must be completed by men who will be asked to be present qext Saturday, August 22. At for the opening drills at Camp Ranr T^hat time the Sigma Delta Psi dall ori Sept. 1. points will be awarded to the reWhile this season’s opening squad spective fraternities and the winis approximately the same size as T:he first summer participathe average Badger personnel for trophy will be determined, the past few seasons, it is expected Lots Of Forfeits ■ , that it will be greatly augmented During the past few months sev/ after school starts as the Badgers eral fraternities have lost points in are again playing a “B” squad the various events because of failufa schedule after a lapse of several to show up at the specified time^ years. Qold and Black was a good example No Assignments Secure to illustrate this fact. .Of the 35; It is probable that some of the fraternities only about 20 played 54 men who have received invita- every game of the comparatively tions to report will see most of short six game schedule. Only 21' their game action with the “B” houses reported for the archery squad, but Stuhidreher announced tournament. that he. wished to see as many as Softball proved to be without a possible in practice action before question the most popular sport,' making squad assignments. He also Throughout the first two-thirds of said,that assignments would not be the game schedule there werii'secure by any means. only a feW forfeits. Several teams' Twenty-two of the men who have dropped out towards the end of thd:' been invited back are lettermen. season because of poor records but' One, end Robert Stup.ka of Water- this could be expected, town, won his minor letter two . ' '
years ago. The remainder are members of the class of 1945 and Stuhidreher expects that many of them will ultimately take their places in
the first string lineup.
Toughest Schedule In History While the opening date of practice, Sept. 1, is ten days ahead of the usual starting date, the Badgers will be in need of the opportunity
IM Schedules
The semi-final game of the Ward; Softball schedule will be playrid' Monday evening, August 17:
Ag. Chem vs. Dairy.
Umpire—Cress.
The final game of the Ward Soft-
fo7the two-I-da^ sessions as “they P^^yed Wednesday ev^ must be ready for game action on ugust 19. This game will Sept. 19 when they open up their and the wintoughest schedule in history against ^ o t e g. Chem vs. Dairy gaiUS. Camp Grant at Camp Randall., For Unipires will be Lee Cress and DaV«
the next nine Saturday afternoons ° Sers.
it will be nothing but the hardest
On Tuesday, August 18, 7:30 to 9 p. m. will be stunt night for th4
the“ clasUo^Mridre WesTern P"^“‘= s^™n>ing groups. This wfil
be an opportunity for the children to entertain their parents arid friends. The program will consiact^
kind of going for the Cardinal eleven as their opponents will com-
pose
gridiron machines.
Over half of the Badger squad for 1942 are within the limits of the
active draft age, but Stuhidreher relays, special
does not expect that his personnel ^ ^
will be affected by the national ^6 events iri
.. I, all. Admission by ticket only,
emergency this fall, as practically •' virij.. all those men of active draft age _ r* a i *11 are already enlisted in the reserves Cj. J, ^^0lfCI©
of the various armed forces and will probably not be called until they
are graduated.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Notice All lockers in the Fieldhouse must be vacated before noon, Aug. 22, if the $1.00 key and towel deposit is to be claimed. —CLEVETT
. . . director of the University KiSsearch Foundation, and Carl Roister, supervisor of housing research at the University, were guests it the White House last Wednesday. They have been in, Washingtop tfit the past week visiting high government officials in i^ai'd to war e^ort research. ' :
Just because you wear them to rehix doesn’t mean that, they should, be limp as a. dishrag. No, they should be> smooth, spotless, smarts looking. Send them to us and be satisfied.
fiwidjusL TJtojmjoucd. lAnli^
The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Help the Treasury “Minole Men” of America by gaing to the oearest store aod boyiog yoor U. 5. DEFENSE BDKDS and STAMPS TODAY
•if ’ I ’I'lW V
i^rc/we Exponent
r* ^
' ’ * % ^ ^ ' I Av - J Sunday, August M, 'f^^S
H8m| |‘c $%9l Tq Ini^ate Ixperiihental Course Next
75 freshmen Will Enroll fn Introductory $tifdy, Resqlt Qf Three Years' Preparation
gp y ^ ^ ^ IH Semester
By Sally Beall
^ With a curnculum designed to improve the freshman student’s ability to cope with the University and the world at large, the School of Home Economics will next semester enroll 75 freshman women in a new experimental course. The central course of the new program, which has been in the process of construction for over three years, is a four hour introduction to home economics to be taught by Professors Matthews, Bloye, Howe and Schantz-Hansen Chis course will take most of its materials from the regular ireshman work in clothing, applied design and foods, which it replaces. These will be handled as units, each unit lasting for More Research Required 4en weeks The 76 coeds tak- Class work will be entirely on the , , 1 „ 11 I, discussion basis, and the expelling the special work will be di- , , . j f j ^ mental group will be expected to do Viqpd into three groups so ,^^Qig nbiaiy woik and original reno more than 25 will be tak- search than the other freshman ing any one unit ^t a given classes
Students in the special couise will
The fourth unit, peisonal faculty guidance throughout relations, requires one meeting Umveisity , , , , , , Each freshman will be assigned to
ieach week and will be undei the di rection of Dean Matthews In addi iion to class discussion, outside
ipeakeis will be used to help give „ , „ „ the freshmen a moie thorough Control Group To Check Resqlt
‘orientation and a gieatei undei-
who will be in chaige of the guid
ance piogiam
The students who will serve as
standing of the Univeisity and its guinea pigs will be selected fiopi
those who indicated they would like to take the experimental work A contiol gioup of 75 regulai students
purposes
This course will attack the fiesh men’s problems fiom thiee stand
points—peisonal, social and voca , „ ,
tional The peisonal heading will those of the oxpeiimental group as
with backgrounds as nearly like
emphasize the importance of phys leal and mental health and their de
possible will be compared with the experimental group at thcoegd of
pendence upon rest recreation and ye^i m order to determine the food, while the social work, will contribution made to the developBtress the impression the student f ^he student by the experi
makes on others and will probably ^ curiicu um
include ratings The vocational value of home economics, both as a paying proposition and as training for the home maker will also be
discussed
These same three points will be applied as a basis of attack to the other units of the couise in an effort to provide a leally compi ehensive introduction to the field of home economics In these units clothing selection, food selection and ap plied design developed to meet the iiresent and future needs of the students will be taken up Tests To Determine Content The materials actually included ip the course will be at least partly 4etermmed by the deficiencies re vealed by new orientation tests in the average freshman’s home economic experience The tests cover the skills that members of the staff hold as minimum requirements for entering sophomore courses One of the major aims of the course IS to take caie of the differ ences in backgrounds of ^students entering the Home Economics School Some have had no previous experience m home economics, while others have had many years of 4 H Club work and others have had home economics courses in high
school
Lab Work Optional Laboratory woik is optional for the gills taking the special course, but thej will be uiged to elect laboratory courses m the subjects in which the orientation tests show them to be handicapped Students who need more expeii ente m the pimciples of food piepa ration and in sewing may elect the regular fieshman foods and cloth rng labs Then work howcvei, will be somewhat diffcicnt than that given to students in the legulai course A special applied design lab oratory will be offcicd toi the co eds in the experimental gioup
Lt. R. A. Dibos
Receives blathnal
Balfour Award
According to word received Fii day, Lt Richard A Dibos EE ’42, has been chosen winner of the Na tional Balfour Award, highest undergraduate award given by the Sigma Chi fraternity The award is presented annually to one of the group of 100 candrdates from the active chapters of the fraternity on the basis of scholarship, university service, fraternity service and per sonality This is the first time a University Sigma Chi has ever won
the award
Lt Dibos who IS now stationed with the Signal Corps at Camp Crowder Mo was president of the first Student War Council and pres ident of the Student Senate last year He was a cadet colonel in the ROTC, president of the local Sigma Chi chapter, a distinguished stu dent, and a member of Iron Key, Tau Beta Pi, Eta Kappa Nu, Scab bard and Blade POMM and the Gimlet club He was also listed in Who s Who among students in American Colleges and Universi
ties
An Italian domestic radiocast re cently boasted of the “high morale” of the Italian people and then went on to admit that “here and there a little grumbling is heard in the cor neis of the alleys and stairways, the
halls and the sidewalks ”
t f 1 ' EE Graduate Hears American Broadcast In a letter recently published in the Indianapolis Star, Lieutenant Richard Brewer, who graduated from the University in the Electrical Engineering School, described his life in the electronic group of the First Army Base in England He wrote as follows “By virtue of the fact that I stumbled onto a short wave broadcast from Indianapolis night before last, I am up to the minute on news from Indiana But if Mary Bostwick doesn’t get some nasty letters from the over seas contingent of Ifidiana’s armed forces, I miss my guess Mary Wrecks Morale “Reason was she closed her part of the broadcast saying, ‘I don’t suppose it will make you Hoosier fellows feel badly to tell you that we are enjoying roasting ears and Water melons her e now ’ The only Hoosiers whose morale she didn’t ruin were those who didn’t hear her Since the broadcast was from 2 45 to 3 a m , it was puie coincidence that I heard it Schiicker talked, too ” Lieut Brewer wrote that he is living on a country estate and “do mg reiy little except dunk tea, study or read, and chasing around the countiyS|ide on my bicycle ” Of London he said T don’t think I will ever get enough of London even though I go down there every tvo or three weeks London Subwavs Best “There are enough points of in teiest there to require 1 000 sight seeing tups at least Theie is no compai ison between the subways of New Yoik and those of London— London has the best by fai To get down to them you take escalators —go down about 100 feet The trains themselves are more comfort able and very quiet” Lt Brewer was born in Green wood and graduated from the high school there He enlisted m the elec tionic training group while living in Midland, Tex where he was seismologist foi the Shell Oil Com pany He was sent to England last May Home Ec Instructor Takes Post At Columbia Orpha Mae Huffman, instructor rn the rnstitution management de paitment of the School of Home Economics, has recently accepted the position of instructor of insti tution management and assistant manager ot Teacher s College, Columbia Univeisitj Before coming to the University, Miss Huffman leccived the degree of Alts from MacMuiray College for Women, Jacksonville Illinois and her Master of Science in insti tution administration from Mich igan State College East Lansing, Michigan
University Calendar
Week of August 16-22
Sunday, August 16
Recreatiop Association for American Industry
^ Faculty Lge , Union
Mondaiy, AugifSt 17
6 30 PM 7 00 PM 7 30 PM
4 00 PM 5 00 PM 6 00»P M 7 00 PM 7 00 PM 7 30 PM
6 00 PM 6 00 P M 7 00 P M 7 00 PM 7 30 PM 7 30 PM 7 30 P M
9 00 AM 12 00 Noon 4 00 PM 7 30 P M
4 00 PM
Leadership Training School for Ind Rural Youth Zouave Dinner Reamers Meeting Civilian Defense
Memorial Union Building Rooms 355, 363, Union Room 304, Union Room 212, Union
Tue^ey# A^g^st 18
Leadership Training School for Ind Rural Youth Committee on State of Univ Tau Beta Pi Initiation Tau Beta Pi Dinner Chiisfian Science Oiganziation Alpha Phi Omega Meeting Making the Most of Your Home
Memorial Union Building Room 263, Union Room 355, Union ’ Poom 363, Union Room 305, Unio n Room 307, Union Room 263, Union
Ann Sheridan and Dennis Morgan nr a scene from “Wings for the Eagle” starting today at the Mars Theatre
Delta Chi
Wednesday, August 19
Leadership Tiaining School for ' Ind Rural Youth ' Eta Kappa Nu Initiation Eta Kappa Nu Banquet Fust Aid Meeting Christian Fellowship Meeting Scabbard & Blade Meeting Purdue Forestry Club Marriage Course
Memorial Union Building
Room 307, Union
Old Chestnut Rm , Union
Room 305, Union Room 307, Union Room 303, Union
Room 225 Hort Building Rooms 302, 304, Union
social fiateinity, announces the election of the following officers for the fall term Robert E Mangum, president, Byron Raisons, vice president, Robert B Clifford, Secretary, James A Broeker, corresponding secretary, and William R Feik, sheriff
Fraternity Bush Chairman A supplement to the list of incomirig freshmen k availibie at the Fraternity Affairs Office Come up and Ktt your copy —SCHWA^ Fouaves Bough initiation Saturday August 15 at 7 p m in the Armbry Formal initiation and banquet Monday Aiwuat 17. All actives interested in noing to the bnnluet should sign on sheet on advanced c) I ulittm board before Saturday Adgust 15 '—JACKSON WAA Council Members Meeting Tu'fesday August 18 at 4 p m ih WAA rooW —SmGEBWALD SCA House Presidents Minutes of August 4 Board meeting arc available at the west desk —MOGAVEpO Chemistry Majors In the school of Science ftniahing in August 1942 should report at my office 422 Chem Building at their earliest convenience —DEGERING Radio Amateurs Register Tranmsitting equitimtnt with FCC before August 26 —WESTNEAT lAES Important closed meetup Thur^ day Aui^ust 20 at 7 30 p m in Room 108 of the ME building Maranco film and elec tion of officers —VO^LMEp Zouaves Formal initiation and banquet Monday August I*" in Union Actives meet in Room 366 at 6 30 p m Pledges on balcoi^ above the Great Hall of the Union Tt 6 30 p m Banquet will be in Room 8^3 at 6 p m Actives and pledges will not wear uniforms —JACKSON Undergraduate Dame*s Club: Meeting Tuesday August 18 at V 30 p m at home of Mrs Floyd Slate 281 So Salisbury ^ —CORDY
Notices
Thursday, August 20
Leadeiship Tiaming School foi Ind Riual Youth Memoiial Union Building Indiana Coin Gioweis Ass’n Room 263, Union Ind Com Glow Ass’n Luncheon Old Chestnut Rm , Union POMM Picnic Inst of Aeionautical Science Room 108, Mech Bldg
Friday, August 21
Leadeiship Tiaming School foi Ind Ruial Youth Cosmopolitan Club Meeting
All Science Seniors All those who plan to ginluate in A gist cilh'nt Den Enders office to fill )ut the necessary blanks
—ENDERS
Tau Reta Pi Pledges Here is a Ii t of the ictivts J H Aimstiong R T Ball D D B irta L L B nham R B Bou^,han W K Burnside T H Ciuij E L Dtis r R W Deuster W J Frantz D A Fri st I) O Henrikbcn A W II ibcrt R L Jenkins W G Kotrncr R S Kolb C B Ttbei r J McDonall D W Mtier II M Merrill R W Orr A F Pi i H J Ru d li D Shekels W L Sehalliol W S Shock ei cy R E Spragut R J Tavl r H R Volkoff R J Visin R A V nB hren W C Walker H M Whippo G R W Iter J T Yoi ngblood —YOUNC BLOOD Former Band Members The Band wiU purchase sod Band inif irms at reasonable prices Sec Cast or Ross at once for par ticulais — ROSS POMM Keys are now available at jew clr> store —HUNT
Classified Ads
Carrier Wanted Apply at Exponent Office or phone 8063 Ask for Klouman Lost Will anybody who found my billfold lost on Grant St please send me back all my identification cards'^ Ling For Sale Matched Wilson tolf club'^. Phone 6990 ask for Nick Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes sold rented lepaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff* 606 Main, Lafayette Phone 2779 Money to loan on diamonds watches guns« utbage typewriters Albert s Loan Office*
407 Columbia
Wanted Bar boy part time over Apply to Ml Higgins Hotel Fowler Will pay cash for any old or new used licycles Kigcr Shell Sei;yicc Northwestern
Memoridl Union Building Room 304, Union
bCA Board last meeting ef bcmestei on fiKsdiy August 18 at 7 30 i m PI isc he piompt —MOGAVLRO
SL DOES YOUR P PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
Public Safety Institute Will Meet Monthly Capt K E Kline, of the Indus tiial Piotection Division of the Uni veisity Public Safety Institute an nounced yesteidaj that the fiist of a senes of monthly evening meet mgs to be held in eight legions of the state foi membeis of piotection units in Indiana industries have been scheduled foi next month Ihc first meeting will be held in East Chicago on September 2 Othei cities at which meetings will be held include South Bend Foit Wayne, Kokomo, Mimcie, Indianapolis, Teiie Haute and Evansville Capt Kline announced that the piogiam loi the fiist series ot meetings will include sound slide films on the polite file and safety phases of piotection, a discussion by a qual ifted speakei dn the wai phases of piotection and a lound table dis eussion of peitinont piotection pi oblems. *
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK » DR HAROLD J RISK
— DENTISTS —
400 404 Schulfz Bidg 4th and Mam Sts Lafayette
START NOW!
Get your fall and winter clothes in neat form for the new term. It’s time to get theiq cleaned and neafiy pre Bsed bo the weathei and the tall social season will find you ptepared.
B€£Ry BORN IN KAN5A4- Cliy-SON OF A POLICE OFFICER RE HAS DEVOTED 36 VEAR6 TO MAKIN& PEOPLE LAUSR-WALLACE HAD SPENT TWO VEARS WITH RINGUNO BROTHERS CtPiCUS AND STARTED RIS MOTION PICTURE CABEEP, AS A DIRECTOR • BEERY PIAVS THE PART OF ,A BAD MAN JACKASS 'MAIL"
MAIN BORN AND PiAISED IN INDIANA-THE DAUGHTER OF A CLERGYMAN SHEWEARC A SHODDY CLOTH-/ COAT WHILE ON THE SET/
J.CARROL NAISHHAS PLAYED PERSONS OF EVERY NATIONALITY BUT HIS OWN HE IS 100 PERCENT IRISH-NAISIP WAS BORN IN NEW VQRK.'AND / ^LSO SANG IN A CHURCH CHOIR/ HICKMAN AT AGE OF FOUR HE TOOK dancing lessons he has ANATURALTAIeNT FOP) '■y SINGING AND DANCING -
Aim fur Victory
with
United States War Bonds and Staihps